A Little Savage, — OR— TRESA'S RELATIONS. CHAPTER 111. ' Shall we go inside now ?' he asked, as they came to some steps leading on to the terrace. ' You know I want you to go over the house and choose your own rooms.' Tresa blushed. ' It is so different from Port Mary. Ours is one of the largest houses there, and yet you know we had only twelve rooms, and but one flight of stairs.' Lord Larrington smiled. ' You had an ample allowance of sun shine though. Tresa do you know you are always connected in my mind with sunshine. Heaven grant, my darling, there may be as much brightness in your life here as there has been in the sunny home of your childhood.' ' I shall have you,' she whispered gent ly. ' I am not afraid.' The housekeeper met them on the threshold. Tresa felt hopelessly young an in experienced before this staid person age in black silk, who had grown old in the service of the Hamiltons. ' This is your new mistress, Reynolds.' said the earl, pleasantly. ' I want to show Miss Daryl over the house that she may choose her own rooms. I mean to send in an army of work-people at once,' ' Very good, my lord,' said Reynolds, instantly. ' There are only the reception- rooms, the ball-room, library, and billiard- room below. We had better go upstairs.' ' Do y.ou know, Tresa, there has not been a Lady Larrington for fifty years. My grandmother was the last, and she died before I was born. Which rooms did she have, Reynolds — I daresay you have heard ?' ' Yes, my lord. The countess had not been dead ten years when I came here as maid to your aunt, Lady Joan. It was the red suite last Lady Larrington used, and pretty rooms they were. They have not been used since.' Tresa gave a little cry. ' I could'nt choose them.' she said piti- eously. ' I really couldn't fancy living in rooms that had not been used for fifty years.' The earl told her tenderly he would never ask her to make the attempt. Reynolds exhibited the rooms with con scious pride. They were charming apart ments, and what with sweeping, airing, dusting and the prompt renewal of any furniture defaced by time, no one could have guessed it was half a century since the red rooms had been occupied. ' Try these,' and tji'e earl pushed open a door at the extreme end of the wing. ' My sister used these when she was home from India on a three months' visit with her husband. Margery is such a dear girl, Tresa, you would like her possessions, I am sure." The rooms were inferior to the others, jbut bright and tasteful — a bedroom with a dressing- room 011 either side, one of which open - 1 to a pretty little boudior, Avilli 1 ! v-u . : -.v of the park. Tresa felt she could very soon be at home here besides, there was no legend of dead and gone inhabitants hovering over the spot. ' They are not half good enough, my lord,' said Reynolds, a trifle resentfully ; ' they never were more than bachlor guest rooms before Miss Margery fancied them.' ' But you see Miss Daryl likes them ; they are bright and cheerful, and when they are done up and hung with pale blue I think they won't be unworthy even a countess.' The housekeeper shrugged her shoul ders. ' Your present rooms arc far more cen tral, my lord ; and besides there is the grey suite in the centre wing.' Tresa chanced to have her eyes fixed on Charley's. She never forgot the change in his face ; it turned livid at the words. ' I am quite satisfied Mrs. Reynolds,' she said, smiling to soothe the house keeper's dignity. ' I am sure I shall like Miss Margery's rooms !' ' They must be refurnished,' said the earl, who had regained his composure. ' I will give orders about it.' ' There's a heap of lovely things in the grey rooms,' said Reynolds, in her per sistent way — ' the sweetest things money could buy. Surely you'll move some of them, my lord ? They're shut up for no one to see where they are now.' ' I shall have everything new for my bride,' returned Lord Lairington. ' Then perhaps you'll let me have the key of the grey rooms, my lord ? It goes to my heart to think what a state all those lovely things may be getting into, just for want of a little care.' Lord Larrington looked annoyed ; but he took a bunch of keys from his pocket, slid one off the rirg, and gave it to the housekeeper. ' Y'ou will have to attend to them your self, Reynolds ; for, remember, not one of the servants is to set foot there ! Tresa,' he exclaimed, suddenly, noticing she had grown white as marble, and was tremb ling from head to foot, ' have I tired you, my dear ? You look like a little white ghost.' ' Miss Daryl has walked too far,' said Mrs. Reynolds, sagely. ' You just lie her down on a sofa, my lord, and I'll fetch a glass of wine in a minute.' 1 They were passing his own sanctum — the room he called his study. The earl, really alarmed, Jsupportek the trembling girl to the sofa. ' My dear child,' he asked, as -Mrs. Reynolds left them, 'what is it ?' ' I felt a litlte faint. Charley, are you there ?' 'Yes, sweetheart. Tresa, my darling, are you ill ?' ' Oh ! no, I am only thinking, and, I s omehow, it was too much for me.' I ' Were you thinking of our future, dear?' ' I was thinking of the past. Do you i know, ever since I entered this house I have thought of nothing but your wife.' ' That is foolish, dear.' ' If you would only talk to me of her, perhaps I might get her out of my head. It is the knowing nothing makes me imagine such awful things.' There is nothing to know, dear. We married rashly, we were miserably un happy, and parted ; then she died. That is all.' ' And was she ever her ?' ' Yes ; we spent three months here — it was here we parted.' Tresa sighed. ' And you can bear to live here ?' ' I am hoping for the time when your sweet presence will exercise all evil memories from the old place, dear. Tresa's tears were falling fast. ' I know it's foolish, but I can't help it. Oh ! Charley, are you sure you love me just as you did her ?' ' I love you far better, sweetheart. I gave her the first wild passion of my youth — if is you who are my life's love !, The gong clanged out its summons' and Mrs. Reynolds reappeared with the wine. ' I will stay here, my lord, if Miss Daryl doesn't feel well enough to go downstairs and you wish to join your guests ! I will take care of the young lady, and see she's better by the time lunch is over.' ' Please go,' said Tresa, faintly, to her fiance, ' and don't let Aunt Nell trouble about me. I shall be quiet right here with Mrs. Reynolds.' . Indeed, as soon as the earl was out of her sight those troubled thoughts vanished Mrs. Reynolds, who was disposed to like her future mistress very much, was glad to see her returning colour. (To be Continued.) 