Sermon. ANGER. Bb the Rev. Alex. 'Whtttb, D.D. ' Cease frorii anger, and forsake wrath.' — Psalm xxxvii; 8. , In Dante's great enterprise in seaoh of sanctification, ne tells us ho came twice on great companies oE the wrathful. The first time he came on them was in hell, where he saw a tribe ever drowning but never drowned, in a dark; pestiferous pool, compared with which the Slough of Despond is a sweet summer steam :— A miry tribe, all naked, and with looks Betokening rage. They with their hands alone Struck not, but with the head, the breast, the feet, Cutting each other piecemeal with their fangs. . . . The souls of those, whom anger over came, . . . Fix'dinthe slime, they say:— 'Bad once were we. In the sweet air, made gladsome by the sun, Carrying a foul and lazy miBt within: Now in these mirky settlings are we sad.' Again, when climbing the mountain of sanctification, the mount that hcaleth him that climbs it, he came to a great company of the angry, who were under a discipline of santification. In hell and purgatory,, in sanctifieation and damna tion, a man just reaps what he sows, and therefore it was amongst the angry in purgatory he had to plunge through a log so bitter that hell's densest gloom had nothing to compare with it. You know that fog. It is what you have left at home to-night, and you wiped your mouth, and came to the prayor meeting. It is that' glppmy, resentful, miserable life and angry live in, which fills the' house and darkens the lives of innocent and in offensive men. That was the fog which made the atmosphere of tho place where the angry were being sanctified, Dante tells us. This is his figure — personal, original, and true to 'life. Let us fill in that illustration as the Word of God, and our own lives, will direct. Anger is not one of the seven abomina tions of the sinner's heart. A man may be an(-ry in love ; anger is an attribute of the Divine nature. 'When God was in carnate in Jerusalom, He was angry at the Pharisees ; and we will all see Him angry at the last day. God grant we may be on the right side of that anger ! No man made in the image of God, is made without anger in his heart. It is planted there to ward off danger from lim and his. There is sudden danger, and there is slow, deliberate danger, which he calls righteous resentment ; and he is a dog and no man who has it not. But our great master tells us there will be no place for anger in tho righteous state j and if we wore living here in a state of fair play, and truth, and right eousness, we would have no need for anger, sudden or long reserved. Here, says Butler, he wears those kind of fire arms who goes protecting his own life and the lives of those he lores, in a world where there are wild beasts. Anger is a righteous thing in a righteous man in an unrighteous world. The Bible is almost as full of the anger of God, as of His mercy ; because the world is as full of His enemies as of. humble and ripened souls. Butler says there is nothing in compatible between anger and love. How to wed the two together is the deepest exercise of the thoughtful Chris tian heart. (They that would climb the mountain of God to purpose, I advise to take Butler as one of their guide-books.) So we see that anger is not Decossarily an abomniation in the heart of man; but while it is one of the original virtues of nature, yet in hearts like ours— in hearts so proud, so resentful, so easily over balanced, so ready to take a wrong side and be extravagant in those things allowed us — it becomes one of the deepest abominations. It is the heart that uses it, and makes it so. It is in the discovery and description of anger and pride and envy that Catholic and Anglican and ethical schools are, so rich and we Evan gelicals so poor. Let any man take such familiar books as those of Dante, Jeremy Taylor, Bishop Butler on the one hand, and those of John Owen, John Howe, Richard Baxter, Jonathan Edwards on the otbor, and, though tho latter are in comparable men, yet ho who reads them with fair and thankful eyes will confess that we Evangelicals are far the poorest in the world of morals. Perhaps Evan gelicalisfn would have won a greater vic tory if it had been more moral in the con duct of its debates. In climbing the mountain, let us carry Dante's seven scars on our foreheads as woll as Bunyan's seven abominations in our hearts. Let us understand what a work it is to purge our souls of pride and anger and envy, and how all the powers of the Holy Ghost are used to do it. Even when anger is just and necessary and righteous, it is clangorous in us and to those persons and things that we direct it towards. In us it is perilous and danger ous, therefore Paul, while allowing the Ephesians thejpassion of anger, says, ' Lot not the sun go down upon' 'your wrath.' You may have the wrath of God in yoa ; but it is a perilous virtue in a sinner's vicious heart ; and even i£ you have been righteously angry all day,' remember Paul's words arid do not lot tho sun set'pn your wrath. - Because wheri'tho sun goes down on a man's wrath, it becomes malice, hate, ill-will.; He began by. hating un- 1 righteous things, he. ends by hating men, I Anger cannot. dwell long m hoarts'liko^ ours without becoming malice and 'malig nity. It strikes its roots into the poisoned: soil and draws_ up some of the poison. When it remains fora time it grows a bitter and malicious and magnifying plague. That is a monster of a man, we begin to think, who said that word against mo ; and his offence increasos in our eyes. It is like the spectre of the Brocken, which ' becomes magnified through tho fog of the mountain-top. Pride and pondering over our wrongs choke up sense and conscionce till we are very doyils. Yet, when we meet the man who has roused our anger, we see. ho is a man like ourselves, and our resentment is scattered, though tho hour before we could have gored him. Even righteous anger is a perilous thing. The Divine virtue in our hearts becomes an egotistical vice. Let us look for a moment at some of the causes and occasions of anger. , They are the very things we did to-day, and those things we left at home to-night. One man said something unkind, and some one repeated it to me; and my heart has boon boiling at that man over since. Someone reproved me,- and I have never forgiven him, such is my demoniac pride. A has injured us, B has insulted us, C has despised us, D has offended as, E would not take our view of things, P counted our arguments worthless ; and so we go on making enemies of all the letters of the alphabet. Anything will make you angry. Your wife soys some thing, and your heart has been like a coal ever since. A servant breaks a vessel at the table ; and the peace of the house is gone. Friendships are broken, and loyalty and long service lost sight of. Anything will do to kindle up the poor pride of a sinner's heart. Moses was angry for God ; but that only made his anger more sinful, because he was using his God as a means 'of kindling bad passions in his heart.' John and James were angry for the Master, but they were bitterly reproved for it. Paul quarrelled with Barnabas, his first and dearest friend, because he was zealous for the Church which he scandalized by his, anger. You are angry for some doctrine, angry for the inspiration of Scriptures, for the Cross of Christ. Men have not our shibboleth, and we make misery in the family and break up congregational life with our divisions. Others are angry, and here are we angrv at them. Oh, my poor, passionate, fretful heart ! May the God of peace come and keep it ! Let us see what alleviations and remedies go to the healing of this Satan's vice of anger. The masters in , the spiritual life give us recommendations like these: First,, do not .listen to tale bearers. Tale-bearers go about with a lighted torch, not to set out houses on fire, but our hearts. Our hearts are weak, and easily misled j and the story of a tale-bearer is like dropping a hot coal on it. Then he goes away to the next door, but he leaves us in gloom ; and, if wo are wiso men, we will say to him .the, next time he comes, ' You put me in a passion by your last visit. I have since sprung out at my friend, my minister, my church, I have been a fooLj and I. have repented of' my folly-j all these days.' It is better to throw a firebrand iuto a man's house than into his heart. If anything makes: you angry, truth, and goodness, and love, are lost. Another specific for the angry man is this : Have a low opinion of yourself. If you have a true opinion of yourself, you will not easily be made angry at what is ? said about you. Think how unworthy you are, how f ow talents you ha^e j and so, when anyone tells you you have no talents, no ability, no wisdom, you will say to him, ' Man, I have said that on my knees this morning j that ie nothing new.' It is the proud man, the self-conceited man, who is easily m&de; angry ; so culti vate a lowly opinion of yourself, if you would avoid this sin. Thirdly, have a picture before your mind's eye of a meek, and peaceful, and loving soul. Dante made Mary appear as the pattern of some sweet grace in every cornice on the sanctifying mount. Give Mary her place in your panorama of meekness, but save her Son always first. Ho it was who endured such con tradiction of sinners, and it is contradic tion that rouses us. Have these sweet, inspiriting visions ever before you to raise your hearts. Drink in the sweet visions of peace and the Peacemaker. Lastly, use some means of mortifying your anger daily. So says Jeremy Taylor, from whom I have borrowed; nearly all my sermon. If a man does not do this, his heart will every day be_ a misery, and his house a den of wild beasts. His marriage will be every day a duel ; his very feasts will be filled with gloom. Plutarchi the most delightful of moralists and the best story-teller in the world, tells that at night the disciples of PythagoraB, after the contests and debates in tho schools, used to_ shake hands together, the master looking on. This Pythagoras caused to be done lest there should have been any anger kindled in any disciple's heart, and that tho anger might be quenched. There are two men here with angry hearts ; let them shake hands at the church door. If you can not see him there, write an apology to night, a retraction of what you said. Perhaps to some men neither of these things are possible. Then let him lift up his hands through the fog to the house where the man is anejry, and God who is above all the fogs of earth and hell, the God of peace, may pour peace into his angry heart. It may be you will have! the opportunity of being reconciled ; and! tho angel may sing over you as he did over Dante— ' ' ' ? ? ? ' Blessed they, j The peacemakers ;, they know not evil; wrath, ' 