OCCASIONAL PAPERS. SIDELIGHTS FROM THE STAGE. Br Wtbebt Reeve, Pantomimes were somewhat different in the year 1830 to what they are now. 1 have a Druty-lane Theatre bill of February of that year, announcing an entertainment for holiday folks that it would be hard to beat— " Kichard the Third," the first piece, with Edmund Keen aa Richard, Wailack as Rich mond, after which the successful pantomime of "Jack in the Box." Six.opening Bceuea— The Enchanted Grove and Goblin's Abode. Fairy Vision of the Hidden Island. Ascent to tbe Burning Mount with Beacon Light. The Crater by Moonlight. Splendid City of the Mists in the Hidden Island are all by the great artist, Ciarkson Stan field—the last is evidently the transforma tion scene. Fancy his "Goblin Abode." What was it like, I wonder? What would it sell fox if put up to auction now ? Besides Stan field there are Marinari, one of the great men of the day, two other artists, and six as sistants. There are seven comic scenes, with the famous Gtimaldi as clown, and Barne as pantaloon. The pautomime concludes with a GRAKD LOCAL DIORAMA BY STAKFIELD. Views of Windsor Castls end Vicinity. Virginia Waters; with Magnificent Display of tbe EfeBs} tcndiutiBi with Tbe Faiis of Virginia, Water seen Through The Fhiiy Temple of Lominaria. The Temple of Lominaria is good. What became of ail these hundreds of yards of canvas, covered by a hand and brash, tbe work of which a single yard has einoe been valued at thousands. James Sheridan Knowles, a clever, im petuous Irishman, the author of the fine play of " Virginias," and other plays very popular in their time, such aa " The Hunchback," " The Wife," and " The Lore Chase," fancied himself an actor, and played the chief part in several of his pieces; but having a strong Irish brogue, it was rather a drawback to tbe noble Roman or tbe sententious Mas'.ei Walter. He died a Baptist minister of the most orthodox type, denouncing during his ministry the " devu and ah his works" in the shape of theatres, and actors, and actresses, to the great joy of his brethren of the cloth, and the amusement of the profession he de nounced. Here is a letter in verse written by him to Mrs. Barnett, at one time manageress of the Hyde, Oxford, and GuOdford Theatres. It is dated in the year 1SS9, and was evidently penned after playing an engagement ;— 1 In answer to your poetic cfloaion, I write to dispel a mistake, • delusion, And thai; then, it la, and it is very fanny, You tbiafc, my fair friend, that 1 owe you soma Bat Ittfv state the casta and yoo'U presently see K money be owing, it's owing to ma. On charges at Gutbifort, on night called s Ben, Standi two shillings short of two pounds and ten. Id forwards, and backwards, in stowage ups and downs, la warmish long journeys, one pound and ttiros orawas. In cosh add a pound, money lent unto thee. Twill make In odd shHUags one hundred and three; As a set-off against It, ta kicking and prancing, Yob chaste throe pounds twelve Mr a moekcy* tawght dancing. A baiaoos wniains, then, of oae pound eleven. To cue, s poor devil's «t sixes and seven. TO avoid, then, all lawyers, and bailiffs, and Wrihk We'll shake bands and be friends, and both ay oaf OaUs." Dear, kind-hearted, and very eccentric Mm. Barnett, to whom this was written. Few ladies in the profession as manageresses in Bogland were known so well or so modi re spected. She waa sa e xcetlcat comedy actress, A boy who dsnccd betweea the pieces. and a good woman. Two summers of my novitiate were passed under ber kindly rule . at the ttjeatre, Ryde, Isle oi Wight, which ebe opened during the fashionable eeaeon, and very pleasant summers they were. The theatre was small, and in an ordinary way very badly attended, but bespeak nights were frequent, and sometimes very brilliant audiences assembled in the little place. The fashionable people were content to sit patiently in the dress circle on forms covered with baize in place of the well-Btuffed, luxurious chairs which now adorn the new theatre that has taken its place, and that the present theatre-goer is accustomed to. People were in the habit of strolling in late, and I remember on one occasion playing the whole of the first two acta of" The Stranger," to the boy who sold apples and oranges, sitting in the middle of the pit On another occasion, on one of the off-nights, some half-dozen people were in the pit. and had put their umbrellas up to keep off the rain that was pouring in lrom the roof—it was a very severe thunderstorm. When not acting, Mrs. Barnett was always playing cards with Jriends who were always dropping in to her little bouse attached to the theatre.. One of the company ran down to her in great J excitement at seeing the umbrellas up, and said—" Mrs. Barnett, the rain's coming in dreadfully on the heads of the audience.' "Well, my dear," replied Mrs. Barnett, not looking up from her cards, "I am glad j there is something coming in. Trump ; my j dear, that's my trick," and on she went play ing. The theatre was only open three or f9ur nights a week, and on the days of its being closed invariably Mrs. Barnett arranged a picDic for the company, and we walked out to Quarr Abbey {sea view), Brading, or to some of the beautiful downs or woods on the outskirts of Ryde. There was a curious inci dent occurred on one of these excursions, i We had been playing rounders and other games, and had finished a luxurious tea of the most delicious home-made bread and batter and fresh eggs and bacon. When darkness was tailing the tea things were i removed, and in the little inn parlour we com-! menced telling murder and ghoBt Btories. One oi the company had piled up the horrible I over a diabolical murder, everybody felt creepy, the ladies particularly nervous and excited, when the door opened quietly, and ! the foot of a bl«ck-covered cuffin appeared. Gradually the coffin audjthe man carrying it came in sight. The storyteller abruptly stopped just as he was describing the dead man's ghastly face, and we were all some what staggered. In came the cuffin ; the man, without speaking k Word, deposited it j under our noses on the table, and walked out | again. There was a moment's pause, then a , general stampede out into tbe air, the ladies almost tainting with fright. It turned out it was a mistake of the man's who brought it in. It was for a woman who had died in a cottage close at hand ; he had mistaken hi3 directions, thought it was for the inn, and had delivered his burden in the way de scribed. Mrs. Barnett had a marvellous way of casting pieces. Nothing came amiss to her; her ingenuity in arrangiug the doubling and trebling parts was a surprise it took a new member of the company some time to get over. I give an instance :—A star, 1 think Mr. Henry Betty, son of tbe Young ItosciuB, came to play a week, and amongst other pieces " Macbeth" was put up. I found myself cast for Ross, Banquo, and the Hirst Murderer, which necessitated my murdering myself, and reporting to Macbeth I had done so. 1 knew in all probability 1 should murder Shakspeare, without any trouble, but I could not see my way to the other arrange ment It was, however, soon got over, as Mrs. Barnett Baid "My dear, nothing could be nicer." Macduff and Malcolm mixed-up Rose's lines in the first two acts, and 1 was all right as Banquo up to the front scene, when 1 appeared in a cloak, slouch bat, and beard as the Murderer, and undertook my own murder ; then in tbe murder scene I crossed as Banquo with Fieance, threw clofik and hat on, bobbed round tbe wing, and entered as First Murderer, followed myself off, and committed the sanguinary act, entered at the banquet scene, reported I had done the deed, off with cloak, some chalk on face, and a huge red gash across my throat, and I was Banqno's ghost. I afterwards came to lite for the rest of the piece as Rosa To say. the least this was an ingenious con centration of dramatic forces, but in those days, and in such theatres, you were supposed to get experience, and there is no doubt you did get it I must relate one more of the many incidents with this kindly lady. She retired from tbe stage with a small income, and took a very old but pretty cottage at Ryde. One afternoon, shortly after her taking possession, I was sitting with her and several friends at tea, when all at once there was a crash overhead, a shower of dust and lime, and a woman's leg in a black stocking came through the ceiling over our beads. It was tbe charwoman's, who had been set to wash t kind of attic or lumber room, and treading on a rotten place her considerable weight vaa too much for it, and down she came. The astonishment of Mrs. Harnett's guests nay be imagined, but the old lady, with her :up of tea in her band, looking up simply said—" God bless my bouI, it's only Mary's leg!" During the time I was in Ryde chance took me to Newport when an amatuer performance was going on. I forget tbe piece, but tbe hall was full, and the acting more than usually bad. To some extent, it was, however, made up for by the roarpf laughter at the end of the piece. The young lovers bad surmounted all the usual difficulties to prove the old saying, "The course of true love never runs smooth," and tbe obstinate father having relented, joined their bands and bestowed his blessing in a very comical way. Added to bis bleBsing was a gift of ten thousand livzes (the action of the plBy was in France). The gentlemen play ing tbe part gave an original reading and im-' ? roved on the text—" Bless you, my children, j forgive you, and with my blessing, my I children, I give yon ten thousand livers." In speaking of amateurs, I am reminded of an old gentleman X met at Whitehaven in Cumberland. At an old-fashioned inn with a very comfortable parlour I sometimes smoked my pipe. In this parlour some of tbe respectable tradesmen of the town assembled in the evening, and sat with their long clays and jugs of beer, or hot spirits and water, en-, joying themselves after the fashion of tbe time. There wae one particular large, com fortable, old-fashioned Windsor chair near, the large open fireplace, and here sat, enthroned the preBldinggenius and gossip of tbe parlour, a Mr. Thompson, a sort of furniture dealer and Jinendraper in tbe town.:! He was a very jolly old gentleman, with very derided: views about infen ' and things in general.,.politics in particular. Hie long, cbgtohwarden was eacred^bls particular, tankard the same. One evening lie told me,to mygprgt surprise, be bad been an acton As Hamlet questions Polonins, naturally cams tbe query " What did yon enact 7" "Well, perhaps," be replied, "you woukla't think it a part of much importance; but l dii I can fell y I "What was it?" " We 11, young sir—it woe a cock." 1 was considerably mystified by this reply. Seeing 1 was eo, he explained. "You know a play called'The Spectre Bridegroom?'" 1 answered in the affirmative. " Well, there ia one particular part oi it., after the man eita watching for the Ghost, joat as morning breaks,when the cock crows." "Yes, I remember that" " Well, as I did the cock astonishing in my young days, they aBked me to help 'em behind the scenes." " How did you get on ?" " Firet rate, young sir, only yon see I was laughing at the play, and forgot when it was to come, and I felt very nervous, I can tell you.'' 1 That was a pity." Preser " Wasn't it? Presently I remembered what I was there for. I hadn't noticed the actor on the stage making faces at me some time before. When I aid think of it, I began to crow like mad. ' What the devil are yon doing ?' says one of the amateur actore called Tom Martin. ' It's afternoon now, the play's nearly over. D it, you ought tobave crowed half an hour ago !' I should have done it first-rate, but for that I never acted again " " Well, there ia no knowing what the stage has lost " " You're right, young sir !" and the old man chuckled, and puffed vigorously at his churchwarden, tickled at the idea. This same Mr. Thompson, amateur cock crower, furniture dealer, and president of the Crown Inn parlonr, was the father of Dr. Thompson, Arcbkishop of York. 