TO THE EDITOB. ' BA-^-In my letter last 'Week I did not inlefad anyrefbrinceto 1&;( Playfbrd's P&tr;%Watf&-^r!tmlyknowhim ah. S'-'fldlUSfflsi/ ;i1 admit Mkabffity, -'ttrt, cannot admitthat it is Tided in the interests: of the jtolonlcito. I-cannot :forget the famous ^Howaflair, which ^caused hisTelfrethent ibto' a comer, j froffi which'heehoyd neveV agiin have embr^edj ahdtiie want of statesmanship1 Exhibited in Ins treatment of the seed-j ^heal','qn'estibn. 'fife' told farmers tfab| latfd Would;not g£>w wheflt, and at the! scfoetitaie gavb them thdhsands of! poohds to make roads over Which to cart 1 "this Wuablkprodaet. "Why, the incon sistency is Scarcely perceptible. He made an! ignominious muddle of the Sppbintnlentsbn the Land Boards, the <#hly1 qualification he would • entertain heingambnbtary one; Mb latest piece ; ■of effronteiybeing the appointment of. the Commissioner of Crown Lands in &e; .Lejralatiyp Council, and his asser tion tblathe is very liberal immediately. Water'8 having allied himself with some of, the greatest ^Conservatives in the Sputbern Hemisphere, one of them an individnsd who never loses an oppor-i tunity qfslandering the working classes, and even Wehtso far as to say they ought to he J disfranchised; and, be sides, : he is the -mainspring of the Anti-Capitation Leagae. Now that tMs .ee^f-^sserted Liberal has taken this narrow-minded,.bigoted Conservative to his bosom, and imprinted the political kiss of peace upon his lean jaw, what may we not expect ? I was never very spperstitioas, bat I am now forced to pdmit that Playford's ghost hannts the Legislative Council. Woe unto Roman Catholics and laborers shonld it make any nootnrnal visitation. I am, Sir, &c.;, J. MARRON. Morohard, August 25. TO THE EDITOR. ,.Sir-trFpr the information of your Colton Omadhann correspondent, ''M.K." or " E.M.," I forget which it is, I beg to say1 that the people of Hammond and its neighborhood are perfectly aware of the ■ faet; that Mr. JL Ii. Fry is an Englishman,. and, happily, of liberal views ; and that the lovers of liberty far more appreciate his adhesion to the cause than they would that of a baker's dozen of' Omadhann babbling scribblers. I know, not howl Mr, Fry feelp nndpr. the weight of honor con ferred upon hipi by the great tribune of Colton; but I know, were. I Mr. Fry, how I would feel and what I would say. I would say:— .Happy, happy, thrice'happy day, When my good luck .droye my. this 'way, To be Colton'a great tribune's protige. I am, Sir, &c.;, JOHN D. DUFF. Hammond, August 26,1890. 