THE BOUT OP THE WHITE HUSSAES. By BUD YARD KIPLING. (pnojl ' PLAIN TALES i'ROM THE HILLS.') Somo people hold that an English cavalry regiment cannot run. This is a mistake. I have seen four hundred and thirty-seven sabres flying over the face of the country in abject terror — havo soen the best regiment that ever drew bridle wiped off the Army List for tlio space of two hours. If you repeat this tale t' tno White Hussars they will in all probability treat you severely. They aro not proud of the incident You may know the White Hussars by their ' side,' which is greater than all tho cavalry on the roster. If this is not a sufficient mark, you may know them by their old brandy. It has been sixty years ill tho mess and is worth goiugfar to taste. Ask for tho ' SI' G aire' old brandy, and see that you get it. If the mess sergeant thinks that you are uneducated, and that the genuine article will be JoBt on you, he will treat you accordingly. He is a good man. But when you are at mess, you must never talk to your hosts about forced marches or long-distance rides. The mess are very sensi tive ; and if they think you are laughing at them, will tell vou bo. As the Wliite.EtucsarS say, it was the colonel's fault. Ho was anew man, and he oughtnever to liavo taken.the command He said that the regiment was not smart ' enoucli. This to the White Hussars, who. knew thattliey could walk round anv Horse aiid through any guns, and over any Foot on the. face of t he earth ! That insult was the first 'Cause of offence. Then tho colonel- cast the drum-horse— the drum-horse of the- White Hassars ! Perhaps vou do not see what an unspeakable crime lie had committed. I will try to make it clear. The soul of the regiment lives in the drum horse who carrieB tho Bilver kettle-drums. He is nearly always a big piebald Waler. That is a point of honour ; and a regiment will spend anything you please on a piebald. He is beyond tho ord'nary laws of casting. His work is very light, and he only manoeuvres at a footpace. Wherefore, so long as ho cau step out and look handsome, his wellbeing is assured. He knows more about the regiment than the adjutant, and could not make a mistake if he tried. The drum-horse of tho White Hussars was only eighteen years old, and perfectly equal to his duties. He had at least six years more work in him, and carried himself with all the pomp and dignity of a drum-major of the Guards. The regiment had paid l,2U0rs. for him. But tho colonel said that he must go, and he was cast in due form and replaced by a washy, bay beast, as ugly as a mule, with a ewe-neck, rat-tail, and cow-hocks. The drummer detested that animal, and the best, of the band-liorses put back their ears and thiwed the whites of their eyes at the very tiplit of him. They knew him for an upstart and no gentleman. I fancy that the colonel's ideas of smartness ex tended to tho band, and that he wanted to make it take part in the regular parade move ments. A cavalry baud is a sacred thing. It only turns out for commanding officers' parades, und tho bandmaster is ono degree more im portant than tho colonel. He is a high priest, and the ' Keel Bow' is his holy song. The '? Keel Row' is the cavalry trot ; and the man who has never heard that tune rising, high and shrill, above the rattle of tho regi ment going past the saluting-base, has some thing yet to hear and understand. When tho colonel cast tho drum- horse of the White HusBars, there was noarly a mutiny. Tho officers were angry, the regiment were furious, and tho bandsmen swore— like troopers. The Drum-Horse was going to be put up to auction — public auction — to be bought perhaps by Parsee and put into a cart ! It was worse than exposing the inner life of the regiment to the whole world, or selling the mesa plate to a Jew — a black Jew. The colonel was a mean man and a bully. He knew what tho regiment thought about his aotion ; and when the troopers offered to buy the drum-horae, he Baid that their offer was mutinous and forbidden by the regula tions. But one of tho subalterns — Hogan-Yale, an Irishman — bought the drum-horso for IGOrs. at tho salo ; and tho colonel was wroth. Yalo professed repentance— ho was unnaturally sub missive — and Baid that, as he had only mado the purchase to save the horse from possible ill-treatment and starvation, he would now shoot .him and end the business. TIub appeared to sootho tho colonel, for he wanted the druin horte disposed of. Ho felt that he had made a mistake, aud could not of course acknowledge it. Meantime, the presence of tho drum-horso was an annoyance to him. Yale took to himself a glass of old brandy, three cheroots, and his friend Martyn ; and thoy all left the mess together. Yale and Martyn conferred for two hours in Yalo'B quarters ; but only the , bull-terrier who keeps watch over Yalo'B boot-trees knows what they said. A horse, hooded and sheeted to his ears, ( leftYale's stables, and was taken, very un willingly, into tho Civil Lines. Yale's groom went with him. Two men broke into the, regimental theatre and took several paint pots I and some largo scenery brushes. Then night fell over the Cantonments, and there was a noiso as of a horso kicking his loose-box to piocesin Yale'B stables. Yale had a big, old, white Waltr trap-horse. Tho next day was a Thursday, and tho men, hearing that Yale was going to shoot the drum horse iu the evening, determined te give the beast a regular regimental funeral — a finer ono than thoy would have given the colonel had ho died just then. They got a bullock-cart and some sacking, and mounds and mounds of roses, and tho body, under sacking, was carried out to'tlio place whero tlie anthrax cases were cremated ; two-thirds of the regiment follow ing Thero was no band, but they all Bang ' The'Place whero tho old Horso Died,' as something respectful and appropriate to the occasion. When tho corpso waa dumped into the grave and the men began throwing down armfuls of roses to cover it, the farrier sergeant ripped out an oath, and said aloud, ' Why, it aui't tho drum-horso any more than it's mo !' The troop sergeant-majors asked him whether ho had left his head in tho can teen. Tho farricr-sorgoant said that ho knew the drum-horse's feet as woll as ho know hiB own ; but ho was silenced when ho saw tho regimental number burnt in on tho poor stiff up- turned near-fore. . ThuB waB tho drum-horso of tho Whito Hussars buried ; the farrier-sergeant grum bling. Tlio sacking that covered tho corpso was smeared in places with black paint; and tho farrier-sergeant drow attention to this faot. But tho troop Bergeant-mdi'or of ID. Troop kickod him severely on tho . shin, and told him hat ho was undoubtedlv drunk. On the Monday following tho burial, tho colohol sought revenge on tno White Hussars. Unfortunately, being at that timo temporarily in command of the station, ho ordered a brigade field-day. He said that bo wished to make the rogiment ' sweat for their d ? d insolenco,' and he carriod out hiB notion thoroughly. That Monday waB, ono of tho hardest days in tho memory of the Whito Hussars, Tnoy wero thrown against a skeleton-enemy, and pushod forward, and withdrawn, an-Vdisinoimted, and 'scientifically handled' in ovory possible fashion over dusty country, till thoy sweated profusely. Their only amiisoment camo lato in tho day when they fell upon tho battery of Horso Artillery and ohased it for two miles. This was a persoual question, and most of tho troopers had money on the evont ; tho guuners saving bpoaly that thoy had tho legs of tlio Wliito Hussars. Thoy were wrong. A march past concluded tho campaign, und when tho regiment got back to their lines, tho men wore coatod with dirt from spur to chin-strdp. | The Whito Hussars have ono groat and peculiar privilege, Thoy own it at Fontenoy, I think. Muuy regiments possess special rights such as wearing collars with undress unifonn, or a bow .of ribbon between the shoulders, or red and whito roses in their helmets on certain daye of the year. Some rights are connected with regi mental saints, nnd some with regimental suc cesses. AU aro valued highly; but none eo highly as the right of the White Husiars to have tho band playing -when thoir horses are being watered in the lines. Only ono tune is played, nnd that tune never varios. I don't know its real name, but tho Wliito HuBsars call it, 'Take mo to London Again.' It sounds wry pretty. Tho regiment would sooner be struck off tho rostor than forego thoir distinc tion. After tho ' dismiss' was sounded, the offi cers rode off home to prepare for stables ; and the men filed ir.to the linos riding easy. That is to say, they opened their tight buttons, shi'f ted their liolmets, and began to joke or to swear as the humour took thoin ; the more careful slip ping off and easing girths and curbs. A good trooper values liis mount exactly as mucli as ho values himself, and believes, or should believe, that the two together are irresistible tvhere women or men, girls or guns, aro concerned. .? Then the orderly-officer gave the oruer, . 'Water horses,' dud the regiment loafed off to the squadron- troughs which were ill rear of tho stables and between theso and tho barracks. ; There wero four liugh troughs, ono for each squadron, arranged en echelon, so that the whole regiment could water iu ten minutes if it liked. But it lingered for seventeen, as a rule, while the band played. The band struck up as tlio squadrons filed off to tho troughs, and the men slipped their feet out of the stirrups aud chaffed each other. The tun was justEotting in a big, hotbed of red cloud, and the road to the civil lines seomed to run straight iuto the sun's eye. There was a little dot on the road. It grew and etrew till it showed as a horse, with a sort of gridiron thing on his back. The red cloud glared through tho bars of the gridiron. Somo of the troopers shaded their eyes with their hands and said, ' What tho mischief 'as that there 'orso got on 'im ?' ill anoiner minute they heard a neigh that every 'soul — horse and man— in the regiment knew, and saw, heading straight towards tho band, tho dead drum- lioree of the White Hussars ! On his withers hanged and bumped tho kettle- drums draped- in crape, and on his baci , very stiff and soldierly, sat a bareheaded skeleton. Tho band stopped plavinR, and, for a moment, there was a liusli. Theu some one in E Troop- men said it was the troop-sergeant-major— swung his horce round and yelled. No one can account exactly for what happened afterwards; but it seems that, at least, one man in each troop set an ex ample of panic, and tho rest followed like sheep. The horses that had barely put their muzzles into the troughs reared and capered : but as soon as tho band broke, which it did when the ghost of the drum:horso was about a furlong distant, all hooves followed suit, and the clatter of tho stampede— quite different' from the orderly throb and roar of a movement oil parade, or the rough liorse-play of watering in camp— made them only more terrified. They felt that the men on their backs wero afraid of somethiug. When horses once know that, all is over except the butchery. Troop after troop turned from the troughs aud rau — anywhere and everywhere— likespiit quicksilver. It was a most extraordinary spec tacle, for men and horses were in all stages of easiness, aud the carbine-bucketa flopping against their sides urged their horses on. Men were Bhouting nnd cursing, and trying to pull clear of the baud which was being chased by tho drum-horse whose rider had fallen forward and seemed to be spuninK for a wacer. Tho colonel had 'gone over to the mess for a drink. Most of the officers were with him, and tho subaltern of the day was preparing to go down to tho lines, and receive the watering re ports of tho troop-Eergeant-majors. When ' Tako mo to Loudon Again' Hopped, after twenty bars, every one iu the mess Baid, 'What on earth lias happened?' Araiuute later, they heard uumilitary noises, and saw, far across tho plain, the White Hussars scat tered, and broken, and flying. The colonel was speechless with rage, for ho thought that the regiment liad risen against him or was unauimously drunk. The band, a disorganised mob, tore past, nnd at its lieelB laboured the drum-horae — tho dead and buried drum-horse— with the jolting, clattering skeleton. Hogau-Yalo whispered Boftly to' Martyn — 'No wire will stand that treatment,'. - aud the band, which had doubled like a hare, ' came back aaain. Buttho rest of the regiment was gone, was rioting all over the province, for tho dusk hud shut in and each man was howl ing to his ueiahbour that tho drum-horse was on his flank. Troop-horses are far too tenderly treated as a rule. They caD, on emergencies, do a great deal, even with seventeen stone on their backs. As the troopers found out. How long this panic lasted I cu.uiot say. I believe that when tho moon tobo tho men saw they had nothing to fear, aud, by twos and threes and half-troops, crept back into canton ments very much ashamed of themselves. Meantime, the drum-horso, disgusted at his treatment by old friendB, pulled up, wheeled round, and trotted up to tho mess voraudah steps for bread. No one liked to run ; but no one cared to go forward till the colonel made a movement and laid hold of tho skeleton's foot. Tho band had halted some distance away, and now came back slowly. The colonel called it, individually and collectively, every evil name that occurred to him at tho time ; for he had Bet his hand on the bosom of tho drum-horse and found flesh aud blood. Then he beat the kettle- drums with his clenched fiat, and dis covered that they were but made of silvered paper and bamboo. Next, still swearing, ho tried to drag tho skeleton out of tho aaddle, but found that it had been wired in'o the cantle, The sight of the colonel, with his arms round tho skeleton's pelvis and his knea iu tho old drum-horse's stomach, was striking, not to say amusuxg. He worried tho thing off in a minute or two, and threw it down on the ground, say ing to tho band — ' Here, you curs, that's what you're afraid of.' Tho skeleton did not look pretty in tho twilight. Tho band-sergeant seemed to recognise ft, for ho began to chuckle and choke. ' Shall I take it away, sir 'i'' said tho band- sergeant. 'Yes,' said tho colonel, 'tako it to hell, and ride there yourselves!' The band-8ergoant saluted, hoisted the skoleton across his saddle-bow, and lod off to the stables. Then tho colonel began to make inquiries for tho rest of the regiment, and the language ho used was wonderful. Ho would diBband tho regiment— he would court-martial every bouI in it— ho would not command suoh a Bot of rabble, and so on, and so on. As the men droppod in, his language grew wilder, until at last it exceeded tho utmost limits of free speech allowed even to a colonol of horse. Martyn took Hogan- Yale aside and sug gested compulsory retirement from tho serviaj as a necessity when all was discovered. Martyn was tho weaker man of the two. ? Hornin-Yalo Eut uo his eyebrows and remarked, firstly, that e was the son of a lord, and; secondly, that he was as innocent as tho babe unborn of tho theatrical resurrection ot tho drum-horso. ' My instructions,', said Yale, with a singu larly sweet smile, ' were that the drum-horso Bhould be sent back as impressively as possible. I ask you, am I. responsible if a mule-headed friend fends him back in such a manner as to disturb tho peace of mind of a regiment of Her Majusty'scavolry V' Martyn said, ' You aro a creat man, and will in timo booome a general ; but. I'd givo my chance of a troop to bo safo out of this affair.' Providence saved Martyn and Hogan-Yale. Tho second in command led the colonel away to the little curtained alcove wherein tho subal terns of tho White Hussars wero accustomed to play poker of nights ; and thero, after many oaths on the colonel's part, thoy talked to gether in low tones. I fancy that the socond in command must have represented tho scaro as tho work of somo trooper whom it would bo hopeless to detect; and I know that ho dwelt upon tho sin and tho shame of making a public laughing-stock of tho scaro. 'Thoy will call us,' said tho second in command, who had really a fine imagination — ' they will call us the ' Fly-by-Nighta;' thoy will call us the 'Ghost Hunters;' thoy will nickname us from ono end of tho army list to the other. All tho explanation in tho world won't make outsiders understand that the offi cers wore away whon tho panio bogan. For tho honour of the regiment and for vour own sako keep this thing quiot.' . The colonel was bo exhausted with auger that soothing him down was not so difficult as might bo imagined. Ho was made to see, gently and by degrees, that it was obviously impoBsiblo to court-martial tho whole reginient and equally impossiblo.to proceed against any subaltorn who,, in his belief, had any concern iu the hoax. 'But tho beast's alivo ! II Vs never boon shot at all !' shoutod tho colonel. ' It's flat flagrant disobodichco ! I've It uown a man broko for loss— damn sight less. They're mock ing me, I tell you, Mutman ! They're mock* ing me !' Once more, tho second in command sot him self to sootho tho colonel, and wrestled with him for half an hour. At tho end of that timo, tho regimental sergeant-major reported him self. The situation was rather novel to him ; but ho was not a man to bo put out by circum stances. He saluted and said, ' Regiment all 1 como back, sir.' Then to propitiate tho colonel—' An' nono of the 'orses any tho worse, sir.' The colonel only snorted and answered — '.'.You'd better tuck the mon.iiito their cots, then, and see that they don't1 wake up and cry in the night.' Tho sergeant withdrew. His little stroke o'f humour pleased the colonol, and, further,, ho felt Blighlly ashamed of the . language he . had been using. The second in command worried him again, and the two Bat talking far into tho night. Next day but one, there was a commanding officer's, parade, and the colonel harangued the Whito Hussars vigorously. Tho pith of his speech was that, since the drum, horse in his old age had proved himself capable of cutting VP tho whole regiment, ho should return to lii» pqst of pride at the head of the band, but the regiment wero a Bet of ruffians with bad con sciences. The White Hussars shouted, and throw everything movable about them into tho air, and whou the parade was over, they cheered the colonel till they couldn't Bpeak. Xo cheers were put up for Lieutenant Hogau- Yalo, who smiled very Bweotly in tho back-ground. Said tho second in command to tho colonel, unofficially — 'Theso little things ensure popularity, and do not the least affect discipline.' ' But I went back on my word,' said the colonel. . . ' Never mind,' said'tho second in command. t( The White Hussars will follow you anywhere from to-day. Regiments are just like women. Thoy will do anything for trinketry .' A. week later, Hogan-Yale received an extra ordinary letter from someone who signed him self ' Secretary, Charity and Zeal, 3709, E.C.,' and asked for ' the return of our skeleton which wo have reason to believe is in your pos session.' ' 'Who tho deuce is this lunatic who trades in bonea ?' said Hogan-Yale. ' . ' Beg your pardon, sir,' said tlio band sergeant, ' but tbo skeleton is with me, an' I'll, return it if you'll pay tlie carriage into tho civil lines. There's a coffin with it, sir.'- . Hogan-Yale smiled and handed two rupees to the band-Bergeant, saying, ' Writo tho date on tho skull, will you ?' If you doubt this story, and know where to go, you can see the date on the skeleton. But don't mention the matter to tho White Hussars. I happen to know something about it, be cause I prepared the drum-horso for his resur rection. Ho aid not take kindly to the skeleton at jll. ? ? ? 