SOJW CURIOUS IXYEXTIOXS. A contributor to thc .Ver» York World luis been amusing himself by rummaging amoug tbc specimens of new inventions stored in thc l'utcnt Office at Washington. Many of them are amusing, and some decidcly crazy. There arc, perhaps (thc writer tells us), '2000 toys in one division of the Patent Office, and one of tho latest and craziest curiosities is a doll baby which sucks thc bottle. The doll is patented by a German, and it consists of a doll baby sitting on a pan, with a liottlo filled with genuine milk on A little table in front of it. A rubber tube connects with the glass pipe which runs in thc bottle, and, going uito thc mouth of thc child, ruus down behind and through tho doll into thc pin. Hy means of a syphon, which comes out through thc doll's head, machinery is set lo work by which the doll begins to suck, and thc mill; flows up into its mouth and out hito thc pan. Another toy of much thc same order is the toy cow, w hich can bc milked. Thc cow is made of wood or metal, and has a tauk in* side it. Thc inventor states thal the uctiou of milking is exactly thc same us that of thc real cow, and he has in addition an iron wire which connects with thc jaws of thc cow and runs back to this tank, so that thc chews her cud while being milked. Thc illumiuatod cat was granted a patent in 1S84. lt ia a cat of paclchourd or tin for thc purpose of frighten- ing rats or mice, lt is tn bc made in a sitt ing posture, und il is painted over with phos- phorus, so that it shines in thc dark like a. cat of lire. Another cat, equally funny, is a patent sheet-iron animal, which is worked by clockwork, and has a bellows inside it which swells up ils tail tn thc size of thc maddest of Toms. If properly set it will omit a uoise eijual to thc wildest of midnight catel uatilcis, and il bas in addition steel claws uurl teeth. You wind it up, place it on your roof, and set it howling. All the cats bi the neighbourhood jump for it, and its poisoned claws kill every one it strikes. There ls a patent machino here for forcing hons to lay eggs, and there arc numerous others for preventing them culing theil- own eggs or breaking then. Many of thc patent lieus' nests have live or six falso eggs glued to their boltnms, mid thc innocent hen drops her egg ou a trap which lets it slide duwn iuto a box beneath, whereupon the trap springs back and thc nest is ready í-ii- n second laying. There is one branch of .?.lie Patent Ofliee known as thal of cow-Uiil IM Idem, There aro patents (or horses' tails a« well ns cows' tails. The ?unit curious among them, however, is lim patent of a Vaukec who luis invented an ad- justable false tail for horses. Tim lover's gate consists of a gato which will swing both « ays, aiul which cali be towered and raised to »nil thc m'ze of lord's. ÖH tho Bailie principle I is thc adjustable pulpit, which will fit all kinds of preachers. Tho pulpit i nns np and down on ii pillar by a spring, i:nd by pressing a um i on tue prcacjicr can misc it to Iiis height or lower il tn suit. Thc patento lo make women 1/c.iiitifiil aie numerous. Thc nose-improver it one nf thc maul curious of these patents. It has made, it io said, a furtum; fur its inventor, ami il consists of a metal slu'll formed «if Iwo parts, which ure connected hy a hinge. Thc shape of iUfustdc ÍH thal or a perfect iinsc, aijiiiiiuu, Holtum or Grecian, ;is you prefer, and ildixviall itt; work ul night. Thc patent slntes I hal thc no-vc should lie first well I LI! lied in warm wafer and then greased with olive oil until it is j thoroughly softened. After this I ho improver j is lo he altuehcd, and thc person using il is to go to heil nuil sleep until morning. At first, il is suhl, the operation is Kouicnhnt I painful, lint, this wears off in a, few night», nuil tho soft curtilage of the nose soon I begins to unsiimu the beautiful simile nf the improver. At thu cud nf eight weeks you have a brniid-ncw nose, which remains with you until you get tired of it, when you buy u different style of improver and come out in o. new nose orate different (rom your. tatt, ono, but still beautiful.. Laminóos harass has been ?aJtnuted, so that * horse ««Bing -driven at not .looks Uko a «meet of Sghtsuns. Thcro ari lummous match- boxes, aud luminous ghosts to seato away i gravt-robbors. After every groat grave rob- bery metallic coffins come in by tho score, and I looked ateno ooffin aarrounded by bara of witHight iron, binding lao casket and extend- ing out from it at suck « distance that when set in tibs earth it would ba imposmhU to move it except by a derrick. 