S,A. FARMERS' ASSOCIATION. A meeting of the executive committee of this association wae held at Gladstone on Saturday, January 18, there being present the Hon. VV. Copley, M.L.C., MeesiB. J. Pearce, E. Coe, E. MathieBsen, E. Copley, J. Miller, and the secretary (Mr. Binney). In the absence of the president (Mr. Venning) from illness Mr, Pearce was voted to the chair. The Warrow branch wrote statin? that they were strongly opposed to the single tax, and considered the \ South Australian Farmers' Association should be tbe Producers' Defence League, and that it was unnecessary to form a distinct society. The following questions submitted in circular by tbe executive were answered as below:— 1. What is tbe decision of your branch in reBpect of 9d. per bushel duty on oats? 2. What duty would you place on barley ? 3. Do you consider that the railway facilities should be available for tbe delivery and holding wheat on farmers' account as in Victoria and America? Warrow branch— 1. In favor of it, 2\. One shilling 'per bushel, 3. Not decided, Yaranyacka and Tumby— 1 and 2. One shil ling per buBhel on both barley and oats. 3, Not in favor. Redhill— 1, Yes, 2. Nine pence. 3. Yes, The secretary to the Commissioner of Crown Lands wrote as follows :— ' In reply to your letter of the 4th inst. forwarding copy of reso lutions re the Land Bill passed at your meet ing of the executive committee of the South Australian Farmers' Association, I am directed by the Commissioner to inform you that while almost entirely agreeing with the views ex pressed the Commissioner does not think it desirable at present to go any further than the provision of the present amending: Bill before Parliament, as in attempting to do too much he might endanger tbe passing of the Bill, which would be risking a serious loss to the country.' Mr, Charles Jones, of Narracoorte, wrote . suggesting that circulars be printed and sent ta all farmers and published setting forth the viewB of the Single Tax League, and stating that ' if farmers and freeholders could once ba roused the single tax would not Btand a ghost of a chance.' The District Council of Port Germein wrote expressing their full support of and sympathy with the objects of the Producers' De ence League, and promising to do their best to pro mote its objeots. Tbe Baroota branch reported that Mr. Geo. Stone had been elected president and Mr. B. W. Lewis secretary. The branch favored the establishment of a reserve fund' for the assist ance of farmers requiring relief in connection with the Farmers' Association. The Hedhill branch intimated that a public meeting was to be held after harvest to consider the objects of the Producers' Defenoe League, Meanwhile they would oppose the single tax, The District Council of Woodside wrote stating that they were in sympathy with the Producers' Defence League, though at present they could not subscribe. The District Council of Yatala wrote strongly opposing the single tax, though there was at present no disposition in the district to call a meeting or agitata on the matter, ' [ The District Council of Lucindale intimated that a public meeting had been called to fully* conbider the objects of the Producers' Defence League, and to form a branch. The Cclton branch wrote stating that they were in favor of letting in oats duty free, and suggesting that the farmers make a treaty (of reciprocity with New South Wales a part of their policy. They would use their best en endeavors to promote the Producers' Defence League. They asked assistance from the parent society in making the standard weight of a bushel of wheat 60 lb. instead of 63 as at present. The district clerk of Cowell wrote promising to do all possible in support of the Producers' Defence League by calling meetings, &c.; A long discussion then ensued, in the course of which the most suitable place as a head centre for the Producers' Defence League was debated. The Hon. W. Copley said a meeting should be held to decide where the centre should be, and as the dele gates of the Farmers' Association would shoitly be meeting in Adelaide they could settle tbe point. Personally, he thought Ade laide the best place, as by far the greatest in terest in the single tax agitation is felt in the older districts, and no doubt the single tax would effect them most. Thete was somewhat of a feeling of soreness between the selectors and the old freeholders, and it would not do to aggravate this feeling. At present Adelaide was not tbe head centre, but fee thought tint arrangements could be made by circular and delegates cent to Adelaide. They had not aa yet formulated any rpecial scheme as re garded the Producers' Deft nee League. It was not their business, at least at present, to formulate a distinct scheme of taxation in opposition to the single tax, and even if they did it was not likely the whole of tbe branches would agree to it. Let_ each branch vote on the subject of taxation as it pleased. So far he was glad to say they were unanimous in their opposition to the tingle tax. He had attended a meeting at Booleroo Centre, called by the Port Germein Courcil, and bad established a branch. They chonld on no account get np a special scheme of taxation of their owe, as it would divide their toxc£8 and split the result. Mr. Milleb agreed with Mr. Copies'* remarks. The people most in tetf eted in the ciogle t-i tfltided in Ida eoqthero districts. Tbe object* of the Defence L-jagae wttj'd ccdcubUdly be bust proantvl by bavirg a fat&d; c^ctr?, »ci at the meetmg t tier a of the delegates from the whole of the oolony a policy could be formulated in opposition to tbe single tax. It would be presumption in any one branch attempting to frame a policy before the meeting of defecates. The Hon. W. Cop- et moved, and Mr. MilLeb seconded — 'Toat the general secretary (Mr. Binney) be asked to con dnct the correspondence of the Defence League until the meeting of delegates in Adelaide.' This was carries. The Chairman said that having been absent from several of tbe previous meetings be had had no opportunity of ex pressing his opinion on the matter of the single tax. Believing in the absolute necessity of a readjustment of the incidence of taxation he at tbe eame time confessed to a want of know ledge as regards the single tax. They had done a wise thing in forming a Producers' Defence League, and every farmer should support it. Mr. Milleb painted out that the wording of tbe circular from tbe Chamber of Commerce as to the standard weight of wheat precluded soy but the best wheat from being Bent, and therefore it could not possibly be called an average sample. Besides, it was absurd to attempt to fix the standard ' when a large quantity of the wheat had been already sold, tie also complained of tbe injustice of docking a teller on his wheat when below the standard std making no allowance whatever wben it waB above. He would prefer to see the standard fixed at 60 lb., and the eeller paid accordingly aa it was above or below that standard. Mr. EilvNEr mentioned a case in which he eold to MefferPi Dunn & Co. at Muudoora a parcel of wheat that went 66 lb, to the bushel, std another parcel he Bold at Crystal from bis Lome farm, which only went 61 lb. The standard »t that time was 62 lb. * and he waB therefore docked Id. per bushel. Had the farms cot been so wide apart he might have mixed the two wheats, and even then been \- above the standard. The Hon. W. Coflet pointed out that it was to the advantage of the farmer to have [a high standard, as the wheat then fetched tbe top price in the English market. There was thnB a general reluctance amccgBt farmers to see the standard lowered. The main part of the injustice lay in the far mer derivicg no material benefit from having wheat over the standard, He was of opinion that the farmer got his share in the increase of weight on the voyage home, as that was taken into consideration when the wheat was bought, Mr. E. Coe was |of opinion that the wheat in creased considerably in weight on the voyage home, and that the farmer did not get his pro portionate share in the price paid. Mr. E. Copley and Mr. Mattheisox were both agreed that the price depended largely on the amount of competition, of which this year there was very little, Mr. E. Cos proposed and Mr. Mattheison seconded — 'That the secre tary be instructed to.reply that the executive of the Farmers' Association consider that a sample taken from wheat bought without re duction iB not a fair means of arriving at an average sample of this season's growth when last year's standard has been UBed in its purchase, but an average sample of this season's growth will be Bent. Carried. Mr. £. Coe proposed, and Mr. E. Copley seconded — 'f That Mr. Binney interview the Corn Trade and MillownerB1 Association in re standard weight of wheat and other matters.' After some discussion the following pro gramme for the annual meeting of delegates in Adelaide was drawn up: — '1. Annual report and balance-sheet. 2, Election of offioers. 3. Fixing eeat of central committee. 4. What alterations do you think is necesBary in our land lawB to make them suitable for your dis trict? and state what alteration you think is necessary to settle our outside country. 5. Do you support the present system of appoint ing members on land boards? If not, what change do you desire? 6. Taxation. 7. Do you favor Government subsidies to the recently formed district councils ? S. Are you in favor of a continuance of the system of payment to members of Parliament? 9. Will you support legislation in favor of a State bank ? 10. Are you in favor of the construction of the Trans continental railway ?' 