Story Golumiv A Born Coquette. By MRS. HUNGERFORD, Author of " Molly Bawn," " Phyllis," " Lady Branksmeru," "The Duchess," See., Sec. lis quxexslaxd bi0ht3 be3khvkd. CHAPTER LI. I lived my life, I Had my day, And now I tool it more and more. The gainu I have no strength to play Seems better than it seemed of yore. Her first thought as ho sses Penelope is how ill she is looking. The twilight is alroaly gathering, nnd the schoolroom is dark Siva fo- the fire that burns brilliantly in the grate Penelope, lying baok in a dilapidated arm ihair that has seen muoh servio > and suffered in my things at the hands of ail tho young Oelaaeys. starts into life as her sister enters, and runs to greet her, but even this quiek flow of life fail, to obliterate tbe knowledge that a momcut ago she was leaning back, listle.s, tired, bloodless. Now, a littlo colour bus sprung to her cheek, but it fades again, as the first excitement of Nan's unexpected coming is at an end and leaves her deadly pale. Sho looks indeed as if she had received somi sudden shook, or was suffering from an attu ik of nervous ugitatioa. Nan, whose arm is round her, can feel that her heart is bearing with an almost stiff ocatiug haste. " Why, Penny, what is it?" says she, " sit down, darling, aud rest for a moment. H>w you ctarced when I came ia I It might havo been a regutar bogey you saw, instead of yoir own old Nan." "Nan!" saye Penelope in a In w tons. "Ho is here! Hd is in the county! Did you know ?" " Yes," says Nan. "I met him just now— hut. snrely that need not— — " " Met biin : where ?"' " In Humo wood, close to tho old style." Penelope, who has leant forward in her eagerness, now sinks back in her ohair ag lia — a prey to despair. So near. At the door almost, and never to come in. Oh! when William told her this morning than Fred.ly Oroker had coino down, aha had hoped, believed, prayed, that some time daring tho day he would come lu her, and no v — . The very bitterness of death seems to have touched her. "What was ho doing there?-' she asks pre sently, when she has compelled hers.lf to over come the faintness that is threatening to conquer her. " That's what I want to know," says Nan irritably. " He was always a gloomy sore of person." Pcrhspa ho thought he could glootn better in a lonely wood thun anywhere else." "Not always. He used to be so different." "Used he? You mast be theoause theu of his deterioration of late. Ever since ha fell in love with you, he has been in my opinion tha most dismal person on record." Pec elope rising abrnntly pushes Nan's hands away iiLd stands baok from her with miserable offended eyes. " I will have no jests on that subject," she ssid in a oboked voice. " Think of me ai vou will, you cannot think more poorly of me than I think of myself, but— hut — I will not have you speak of him in — in that way." "But why?" asks Nan aghast. "I cannot Bee no harm in it. If he lovai you — — " " Ho docs not levo mo!" with a lictlo fierce gesture. " Well, he says ho does, he said so just now ; and that he was coming to see vou pcoiouily. I asked biin what brought him back from Paris, and " " From Paris !" eriea Penelopo harshly. She stops, and gazes at Nan fcr awhile in deal silence, theu lifting one hand uovers her eyei with it. "Oh! of whom have you boon speak ing," she aRks faintly. "Why, of Boylo,'' says Nan troubled. Terribly troubled now. for sho has gnessci che truth, aud the cruelty of her own blunder "He — " with confusion. "He — does love you, Penny." She has laid her hand upon Pene lope's shculder, but the latter shakes her off. How dare you say that to me," she says ia a low tone, but vehemently. "You— you of all others. This is tho second time, Nan, and I warn yon sot to do it again Are you a hypo crite ? Am I. a foci ? Am I tho only ous do you think that can reud between tho liuc. Dieguiuo it to yourself if you will — hut iu your heart you know that Boyle Ffronch still loves you, and you eulv." " Oh, uo, no !" ori s Nau, shrinking back terrified. And then, forgetful of herself, of her own chagrin and fear, of everything eave her sister's deep unhappincss, bhe kneels dowa beside her, andenoircles her fondly with her arms. " Penny !" whispccs she softly, her oheek against Penelope's, ' Darling! If— if it was not Boyle of whom you thought just now, who was it ?" No answer, only Penelopo so turns hoc head that htr lips come against Nan's cheek. Poor pretty lips, cold and trembling. " Speak to me It will do you good. It was Freddy, was it not ? Oh ! is it like that with you still ?" "It will always he like that with me," suya Penelope. She sighs heavily, aud leans hor head npon Nan's shonlder as if tired out. "It is killing ma," she says. " I am dying of it. It is silly, weak, anything you iike, b;r, I can't conquer it. And it is all tbe more ridiouious beoanse it never really ooourr <d to me that I liked him — iu — in that way, until I found he did not oare for me." " Well, listsn to ma," Bays Nau vehemently, who is now crying. " You are wrong, wrong Freddy does love you, I know it. I feel it. But, oh !" with an angry sob. " what a horrid llow he is not to come and say so." It is this identical moment that Mr. Murpbv eleots to throw open che door, and blink round him throngh the over increasing darkness. "Are ye there, Miss Penelops," says ho. Mr. Oroker is in the drawing-room, an' wants to see ye !" 1 Tableau. " Where ?" asks Nan at last, when she has assured herself by pressing Penelope's hands that she is all right, and not likely to go off in one of those weak- fainting fits that have been annoying her of lute. "In the drawing-room did you say. Murphy ?" "An is that you, Miss Nun? Faith, I didn't see ye, my dear. Yes, miss, ma'am I 'mane. I put him in there, an' a lamp along with him. He looked so down in tho month, thecrathnre, that I thought the dark might disthroes him. Fegs, b the look ov him, I'd say he was haunted. Musba 1 'tis a hard life thim counsellors have. For ivery boy they pive to the rope, there's a ghost to follow thim mr after, so they say. Oh, murdhor, Miss ! isn't that an awful thought; an' isn't it hard they earn their money." Good old Mnrphy ! Unconsciously he has given them time to recover themselves. " Bay Miss Penelope will be in presently," aajs Nan calmly, and Mnrphy having roturned With his message sho tnrna to Penelopo : "Dome, poll yourself together," says she heartily, "and pinch yonr chocks a bit, to bring the ooluur into them." " It is only a formal visit," says Penalope, looking hard at hor, tho angalsh of a shamed confession later on bearing her to tbe eaith. " Don't think otherwise, Nan. Don't— I — " her voioe falters, ' ' I— shan't be able to bear it if yon do." " Don't cry !" says the clover Nan, qniokly. "I shan't think anything. Why, what are yon thinking about, stupid, why shouldn't Freddy come and see us if he likes. Th -ro, don't keep him waiting, and give him my lave, if either of yon have timo to think of me." She puehee Penolopo gently ont of tho room as she speaks, and executes a littlo joyous/ tail on tbo threshold as she sees her disappear in the direotion of tho dining-room. CHAPTER LII. But eho abtdeth silent, fair. All Blinded by her lloxen hair, The blushes come and go ; I look, and I no more can speak— . Th" gaunt old room, with its soonty furni ture; nud faded walls, and oortatns looks oven mmt' r. j-uitcd than usual in the dim light emitted bv the solitary lamp that Mr. Murphy "/bad givi a to Oroker ob oompany. Penolopo cm. ring by the lower door, seems indistinot and ehudowy, and indeed it ia only when his hand hns closed over horn, that hor visitor pan see how altered ehe is. Not loes lovely perhaps, but too fragile — too othcroal. Her blue oyes sconi almost too large for the palo small faoo, and dnrk rings lie bonoatb them ; the soft 8 went mouth h ts gained a lictlo m mrnful ourve, and the masses of fair hair that frame tho forehead seem too heavy to be borno by tbo pensive face beneath. ' i hope I have not disturbed you," asys Croker, in the most ordinary sioiety tone, whilst his heart is sinking within him at tho cbango m her. " Murpby said someone was with you." " Only Nan, and she is going now. Won't you sit down?" A littlo troubled flame has crept into hor white oliooks owing to the fast that ho is still holding hor hand. Ha has for- gotten that ho holds it ; gazing at her, wonder ing, with a growing a-mso of misery he has indeed forgotten everything, except that the one oreaturo who on earth is dear to him, looks as though she were about to lotvo it. " You havobteu ill," ho says abruptly. Tho sooiety tone hns dropped out of mo entirely. "Oh, no," shaking her he id. "At least — it is nothing .to siguify. A oold ; tha winter was severe, ono canuot hope to osiape every thing " she breaks off oonfusodly. " You at least have not been olevvr about it," says ho. "You have escaped nothing, it saoms to mo." Then, with a frown, " what aro your people thinking about ? You should go some where for change of air." " Ono of my people agrees with you," with a half smile. "Nan eays she will take me to London with her, when she and her husband go thero in May. But I don't oare to go," list lessly. " I am quite well —quite strong really. It is a mere passing weakness. There is no necessity for anyone to trouble themselves about me." "I think thero is. The greatest." Says Croker gravely. His tone, his whole air is grave indeed, almost to ssverity. To Penelope it seems as if it was some stranger she was listening to, not an old, old frieud. This sub dued, ombarrassod, seri ms psrsou, who is he ? Where is tho merry Freduy Oroker of last tummer? Alas, whore arc all tho fond and tender girlish hopes that then bloomed and shod a fregranoe round hor life ? "You will go with her?" ho asked presently. "Yes. I suppose so" " You will enjoy a season in town." " I don't think so," a little coldly. After this there is a short silence whioh Crok.'.r spends leasing forward ia his chair, and gazteg gloomily ou the obliterated flowers of the carpet at hit feet. "I saw Boyle Ffcenoh just now," says hs at last, without looking up. "Did you? Nau met him too. We fancied him nDread, but it appears he return "i last night." There is an entire lack of interest ia her manner. "He — was coming from here, I snppiss, when I met him ?" Ha asks this questi-m with difficulty, nnd ind'ed despises himself as hs does so. An uncontrollable longing to see her again has driven him back to ths country with an undefined intention in his mind. At this moment ho wishes ho had never oi.me. After battling with himself for throe imerminablo months, he has given way — for what ? To find Ffronch jast leaving her presence. " From here. No," says Penelope's clear voioe. !'.I have not seen him." "You haven't ?" ho lifts his oyes to hers at laBt, aud a dull red darkens hi» brow. "No," indifferently. " He told Nan. how ever, that he we coming to s?e us before leav ing. 1 hat will bo to-morrow I daresay." " Or this evening? " ".Hardly now, I think," glancing at the olock " But toll me about yourself," with a gentle politeness, "you are getting on woaiter- f uily, is it not ? Ws hear of you, you see, if not from you. It was such a surpri ia to us to learn j ou were oucc more in the country. T wo surprises in one day is almost too muoh for dull people like ue," with a sweet but joylets smile. " That you and Boyle should both come together wis a trial to our nerves." She pauses, and then, " You have been a long time away "shesayssimply. Itisnotinteutioual, but there is something so wiBtful in her voice that it should have touched him. Manlike, being occupied with his own one idea, he doss not. hear it. " Th6re was nothing to bring me here," ho eays in a low tons, that it is pleasing to kno w arises out of the extreme misery he is enduring. Penelope, with a swift movement, stoops, and taking up tho poker, stirs the fire vigorou-ly if without discretion. When she lifts her faco again, though white to the lips, phe is quite tranquil. " It would bo fo'ly to resent snob a speech as that," she says prettily. " Though wo, poor dwellers in tho dark cornord of the earth, naturally dislike to hear that there is no attrac tion in the spots where wo perforce must dwell. Yes — tho country, lovoly as it is, must always give way to the town— in tho winter specially." Her tone is quito calm. She has oven compelled her sad lips to smile. There was indeed one awful moment when she thought she was going to ery, but prido — that mighty deliverer— esmo to he: and supported her. "As for that" says Oroker, beginning valiantly, but falling all at once. Whatever he was going to say dies a sudden deaih, and the conversation generally bids fair to follow its example. Silence, awful, unconquerable, threatens them. Tbe situation is indeed be coming terrible, when Penelops flings horsalf into the breach. "As for what?" she asks, with an attempt at the charming gaiety that used to distinguish her. " Did your conscience forbid you to say the polite thing ? Coma. Now you have con fessed your horror of the ' silent country ,' as somobody calls it— it is surely fair to ajk you, what bas brought you here to-day ?" Croker hesitates. He raises bis eyes sudd inly and fixes them on her, in a way that makes her long to shrink, and fade, and die away but of sight. What has eho arid. " You," says ho shortly at last. A crimscn flush dies Penelope's blow a cruel bnrning flush, that fading presontly, loaves her, if possible, paler than before. A last remnant of solf-possessiou clinging to her, induoes her to tbrow up her shapely head and answer him ad light as she oan. " Y ou aro happier then than most," she says, with a ioft laugh ; you have gainod your deBire. " You see mo." "And yet," says ho unsteadily, "yon are wrong when you oall me happy, Penelope !" ho rises und comes towards her with such un controllable agitation in his manner, that in voluntarily, she rises too, and puts out both her hands as though to warn him, from her. Un kind little hands ! Ho seizes thoin and holds them prisoners as his angry despairing oon- fes-ion breaks from him. "Against my will, my bettor judgment, I am hers this evening," he says passionately. " With all my strength I fought against the coming, but you were too strong for me. I oould not keep aw.iy. Muoh as I hate and despise myself for my woakness, I find that I must oomo to you— to tell you — that I lore yon." Penelope gently hut with determination frees her hands. ' "If it costs you so muoh where is the necessity ? " asks she, with a touch of hauteur, that monnts above oven the thrill of rapture th at rushes through her whole being. " Tbero is none. I know that. All tho words you could say oould not mako that clearer lo me. Bui — " pushing back the short haic from his forehead, "I havo told you. That is something. Perhaps after this 1 shall find peace of some sort. It is all over now, Pene lope, is it not? All the old friendship— the past I UBed to so believe in — everything that makes life worth living. There is but ono thing more to bo dono. Do it quio'aly and lot mo go." "Do what?" " Rejsot mo ! I have a strange fanoy," says he miserably, "to hoar yon give me my dis missal." "Have you?" with ill repressed wrath. " A kindly fancy I must say. And now sup. posing— merely supposing" — a palo sinilo wreathing her lips, whilst her oyes flash omin ously — " that I don't reject you, what then ?" " This is nn worthy of you, says he in a low ' tone. "How is it unworthy ?" clas ping her hands one over the othor, as if to compel horsolf to bs calm. " If you oannot see it as I do, you must be greatly ohangod from the Penelope that once i thought I knew," says ho very unhappily. "Bnt why, why ?" with almost ungovernabla impatience. "A girl who loving ono mail oould listen to another, I-;—" . , " What girl is that ?" erios sho, au angry sob quickening hor voice. . Croker looks, keenly at hor. " Penelope," says he sharply, "aro you en gaged to Flrenol. ?'' "To Boyle? No." "Canyon," with growing agitation, "say honestly that there is nothing between you— that you do noi— oare for him !" " Certainly I oan," her voioo now vibrating with indignation. Undaunted by this be takes her hands again, bnt she flings him from her, as if his touoh hurts her. " And so— and so," Bhe says, as if stifled. "That was your thought! Aad for on idlo fooliBh fancy such as that you throw ma off — without a word of explanation — without so muoh as troubling yourself to iiBk mo, was it, or was it not so ? You left mo here alone all theea weary months to think just as I would of you You Bpeak of lovo— but if you had truly loved me, would not my good opinion hava boon of nil things tho most necessary to you. Oh, no," seeing him about to speak. " Not a word. I will not hear. Oh ! all that I have suffered ! No exouees — nothing oould kill the memory of the past." " You oannot forgive thon ? Penolopo, thero are some thing! that I think jou should re member, if only iu common fairness to me." "I don't know what thoso things may bo; there are long hours and days of cruel wonder ing that have blotted them out. No, no, go yonr way, and let me go mine. It is impos sible that I should forgot ; you spoke of old days, past friendship, suroly it is I — who " She breaks off suddenly and bursts into a storm of weeping that shakes all her fragile frame. " Go !" she says pointing with ons hand to the door. "You will not pardon mc thon," says ho with poignant anguiRb, hesitating to obey a oommsnd that will part him from her for ever. No answer. Slowly hemoves towards tho door.yes, as ho hud himself said, it is all over. Bewildered, stunned by tho di-covory that after all ho had mis judged her, thut ehe was free for him to win, nay more, that she wns already won by him, he pushed aside a chair on his slow march down the mom, scarcely knowing whjro he is going. His kindly honest faco is a very triumph of despair ; his brain is iu a whirl. What on earth is to become of him 1 Hero his hand finding tho handle of the door, he looks buck once mora— for the lust time hs tells himself. " Gooi-byo Penelope !" says he slowly, in a voice that might have melted en iceberg. " Good-bye," returns she in a tone hardly andible, from behind her handkerohief. Again his fingers close npoa the handle of tho door, whioh rattles ominously. " Try to think kindly of ma sometimes ; if indeed yon do care to think of me at all," saj s ho out of tho depths of an unfathom ible gloom. Ho draws the dour slowly towards him. " Oh !" cries Penelope in a terrible way. She flings her handkerchief upon the ground, and looks at him. " Where aro you goiog ?" sobs sho w'th considerably moca indignation than tenderness. " What do you mean by it all? Oh!" with withering emphasis, "to think that yon would bs eo hateful to me !" "But Penelopo!" begins tho nnfortaante lover— ho finds himself at her eido again, almOBt before be had time to think ahont it — and a littlo more nb<ent mindedness suffices to place his arms round her. Penelops, wno is still crying, but now with tho greatest enjoyment, forgets to rebuke biin, oven when she wakes to tho fnet tbut he ie kissing her with a very de cided warmth. - "Yon don't deserve it," sayssbe irrelevancy, lifting her pretty drenched eyes to his. She makes a futile effort to pn«h him from hor. " I know it— but— Penny you know how I lovo you!" "No I don't," says she wrathfully. And then all at once capitulating, sho lays her head upon his breast, aud cliuua to him with un honcBt loving fervour. "Freddy!" whispers she with strong reproach, 'why did you not say that sooner !" " I wns mad I think," says ho with a groan that is all sclf-oonterapt. "Darling! — Dar ling heart ! Forget it, if you cm." " Well— I'll try," says she with a truly soul- rendering sigh. CHAPTER LIIL Answered n little bird overhead— As birds will do in summer; " Somebody has kept tryst." it said, " With somebody else iu kirtlc red. Anil tlli'y arc going to bo mnrried," Sing lioigii, sing ho, for tho summer. Presently lifting her head, she looks at him. "I thought you were in love with sume horrid girl in Dublin," she says, gazing anxiously at him. as though still some doubt born of that cruel auspiciou is with her. "Then yon doubted me too!" says he joy fully " jf you confess to that, you should let me off easily. Oh! Penelope, I think your crime grcnter than mine, for you must have knows that in the whole wide world thero is no one who oould be compared with you, whereas, so far as I am oonoerced, you might find at every oorner just such a ono as my Belf." " Indeed I oould not," Bays Penelope vehe mently. " Freddy ! I think that girl in Dublin wns killing me." " But there wasn't any girl," says Croker. " Never mind ; there might have been." "There might not," with determination. " I must say, Penolopo, I oall this most un fair. Howeanyoulove nie, and yet— " "Oh,T do. I do," orios Penolopo, press ing her cheek ngaioBt his. " It is only that I can't help fancjing that everyone who saw you must have loved you, too." Sho mskos this romarkablo declaration quite boldly, and as sho says it looks at him quite bravely, as though defying iinyono to see cause for laughter in it. Perhaps sho hcrsdf sees none. She is indeed apparently without shame at tho thought that che has com mitted hercolf to a good deal, and that it might bo that others might hot oonaider Oroker so born au Adonis as she docs. That both she end Croker think eioh other por- feotion is plain to see. Tho Mutual Admira tion Sooiety has in them as ardout a oouplo of members as need bo desired. It is perhaps fortunate that just at this moment Gladys enters the room. " It is only just now that Murphy tcld mo you were here," sho says, addrosiuug Oroker with that slight air of ooastraint that has marked all thoir dealings with him of lato. " It appears Nan was here tec, ant no ous sent me word," with aa injured gUacs at Pauelopc. " How d'ye do ?" holding out bar hand to Croker, whereupon he — wlose heart is over flowing with loving kindness towards all tho world— promptly lays his arms around her nsck and gives her a most affcstioiats kiss. " tready ! Freddy! Aro you mad?" cries she, Bhaking him off and staring at him with orimson cheoka. " Well, really,' Freddy ! Upon my word! This is — I must say — i littlo too muoh ! Aro thoBO Dublin manners, I woudar ?' ; demands the irate little thing, drawing herself up until she looks quite tall, and " of ago." "If so I don't oare ubout thom. Have you been as lavish of your attention! to Penelope?" —hero sho pauses to look at hor aister, after' which she turns hor look into a stare. " Penelope— what's the matter with yon ?" demands ehr. "The matter?" repeats Penelopo feebly, wbo indeed is boginuing to feel distinctly ashamed of horsolf. " Yes— the matter," (unflinchingly. " I left you an hour ago as pale is a marblo statue, I find yon nowlo king as disgracefully robust as the orthodox milkmaid. Freddy, have you been painting her ohoeks ?" No anewer from Freddy ; no answer from Penelope ; like two culprits they stand looking from east to west, but gaining inspiration from neither quarter. Things are growing serious when at last, as PeneLpe oaco raoro hopelosely tnrns her head eastwards, light dawns upon Gladys (coming presumably from that awaken ing spot), and suddonly hor soverity vanishes, and smiles aud embryo congratulations take its plaoe. " Why !" says she, dimpling, and spreading out her hands, " Is it ? Eu ? Oh, I urn glad ! Oh, Freddy, was that why you kinged me? Come here, come here at once, and do it dll over again." Freddy dees it all ovor again, and bas no reobon to complain of his reception this timo. "It's the most delightful thing," says Gladys, who is as pleased as though she were herself tho one to bo congratulated. "Bo different from poor darling Nan's affair, he- oauso yon two are iu love. So niso ! I liko a real romanco when one can got it. Why, Freddy, y ou'll bo my brother," as if rather wondering at this strange fuot. "Yes," says Oroher, who is sitting besides Penolopo now, with hor fingers tightly squoozod up within his own. Ho is alirost afraid to bs as happy ns ho feels. The Irish blood running now so warmly within his voius is so f ir ohargsd with tho superstition that marks rtho race — peer and peasant alike— that he shrinks a little from the rapture that in spits of him ia flooding all his veins. " I hope I shall be a good brother," says ho. " I hopo I shall bo a good sister. I'm not good to William," says Gladys, with a deter mination to bo honost at all costs ' Sometimes I really ft<ol that 1 oan't boar William. He's so presumptuous ! Only yesterday he toll ma that Le knew n groat deal more about tbe roar ing of fowl than I do. I, who spend my life at it ! But nevor mind," Bays she, flinging aside her sndden attack of ancr, her brooding telling her it is no fit food for glad young lovers suoh as theso. " William isn't all tho world ! " — this nndeniablo fact sho lays bare to them with a pretty nod, and throwing out fresh dimples with a viow to letting thom peo how thoroughly in accord eho is with them in thoir now found happiness, Bhe goes on, smiling at Oroker, "You won't toll me I nover heard of the 'Pip,' will you?" "Tho Pip?" questions Croker, nno >rtainly, and feeling horribly sorry that hia general ignoronoe should at this partioular moment be made so distinctly apparent. "It is a disease that the chickens sometimes have," explains Ponelope, softly. "Oh— yea. I see. Well," looking at Gladys, " it is plain that I oan't question your knowledge. As for William, I feol euro Mb ignorenco is astounding; he ought to bo ashamed of himself." "Be isn't," Bays Gladys plaintively. "Ho thinks I know nothing. But," beaming upon tile lovers, " what docs anything signify beside this delightful news. Does Nan know ?" " Oh I nover thought of Nan," says Pene lope starting. "She said something about going home when I loft her to come hero to Freddy," with a rapturous glinco at the happy Crnkcr, and a warm pressure of her hand ! "But if she should bo in the sohoolroain all this time, waiting for mo ! Oh ! poor Nan !" Simultaneously, filled with pity for tho neglected Nan, they all rush to the schoolroom — to find their pity thrown away. Nau is no longer there. (To be cm! in in, I.) 