An Ocean Tragedy. BY W. CLARK RUSSELL. CHAPTER XV1IL IS SlIK TliK " su A n R f " Ti was ii'it to prove a gale, though it wmiM Iiavc beer; hard to guess what Jay hcli'iiul that dirty jumble of white and ii\ui terraces v. liicli hud been stealthily c j-crji'ug all the uinnung zrnithw.irdn. The scattered to the rush of the tjtkI, I'm sun with a brightened disk Jfvjp: fruin cue flying vaporous edge to r.nnfl rr, dazzling out the Miowa of the ijiv-obiug sms till the eye reclod from the gliii'i1 uf the brilliant foam arid the sharp and l"\ely sparkle of the pure dark blue h-i' n < en. Indeed, before long the wind . <nuii into ;i juible sailing hrevzo I «::li . piebald sky of vaiiu and cheerful ' wi;.! C-r strndiJy swinging into the south- i . ,is tli'iugli the v% hule heaven revolved | fi. in i re 1 1 u h rt i 1 r to another like a pano- r-te..» on ;l cylinder. Wilfrid linked his ' vi.-his. but Raid nothing. He hung apart in f.i-bion that was the Mine as telling me t" keeji oil", nor had he anything to my t-i Miss Jennings. Finn easily inter- pretino his master s face, piled cloths on the vaebt till it solni'il as though another tro.; would blow the whole lofty white fabric of onovjis, tapering sp.Tr, and rrg- p;i jut clean o\cr tlie bows. AVe lied Rloiig in thunder. and to every cuiIay of the ywm I s head the water recoil. .1 ui a roar of spume as far as the jtbljrmm tnrl, to snueil aft as fast, ) "U would have thought, ks the eve eould follow it, the swell wash ing t" tlie eonntcr as if to help her. W« htW on ;n tins way f.u .-"me tune, v lien suildenly NS'ilt'rid, w hn had em no to a H.n >i at the Weather rail and was l<"'kuig alien-?, haw led with flic rn.to of a 5?:f.vk m hi \ uiee, " L,,uk 1 " and out syrnim huluiig arm puinting diuetly on a line wit!; nur bowsprit, " Ay, llu-rc she is, sure enough !" cried I, as 1 caught sight, to a floating lift of llu-th-ek at that moment, of the prarlish gleam of can mis of n milky brilliance Hauling j>a.st the soft whiteness of a head of sea against, the maiblc look of the skv there, where the sun-touched clouds were g- i: g down (o the < man edfe in a cioud v'.h. a \mn of audit Iieie and there mi. t them. 1 glanced at Wilfrid, not he. a i ng what Ben of moid tins lirst ghui sc of tlie audit avould put into him, but there was no alteration of face. His >' untciianee had set into un jjon hard i-.\\- jsrvSMon ; m.tliooght resolution cadd Jim it show more pninJy stubbum. Miss b m.ings cairn io the side to look. " There is little to be seen as yet.," said ? <" hi r. "but we shall be heaving her hull up aery boom. She is taking it I ii.n st<K ui near ; I tnuh ins gloss from him and lea died it. " Why, 'tis merely i'.I; her, captain," sre.d ; " gaff topsails doaa u and no hint, of Sijuaresoil thai I can make out. The cloud aa c are makmg astern should puzzle her. D'ye1 think C ; n i t aiu Tidier will recognise this " B by, vef, sir: hound to it," he «n- SMcrcd ,' "'aau aren't like tlie Shark, you knuw ; our figure-head nlouc is as goini as naming us. Then our sheer of bow 'uci Kirve like a fcign-post to Fuller. Pack Mms by our ki j li.h t: rig ami he'd hna'e to ha fallen daik to mistake," meaning by dark, blind. "Jj> the «S'i -ilk to be as easily recog nised ? " asked Miss Jennings, who stood cifisi' by me, occasionally laj mg her hand "pmi my arm to steady herself hiu! put- bug the other to live hps to sjieak, for die breeze rang Mith a m-icain in it at limes "vcr tiie rail :n a manner to Bweep tlie Vitus out of her iiimith us though her sv.lrtliles aaere the smoke of a cigarette. 1 hmti shook hit, long In ad I-»v mc close aboard, miss," Raid he, 'am i ll t e jam tlie Shark from anrjtJier endt ; but ihere's nothen distinct about her as there is with us. Slit's bluck witli- gii(. hk\: a great niriiiv oihers, of a fclamng pattern, long, low, wiihout fijuing foni.db or aft, a\ itli apple sides like others . ngaui. Rut," hnid he after a | ause, during | vhicli ho hud taken a look thiough hie j telescope at the glistening fragment Inn er- I big like a butterfly over the how , "though | I emit want to Bay Pkj much, sir, I'd Tie i vilhtjg to Jay down a good hit of money nn the chance of yonder chap proving the ( Shark. Time, place, all t-arcuinstanres i Kunt her out," 1 'True," t>aid 1 ; "but there nro many I \--hooneit afloat." j Ay, sir ; but such n coincidence aa | f/Kit, your honour," Raid lie j>oinling, . " flita to far on the averse of aahat'B likely ! to tit it to carve aa pait of a mail's 1 teckoningR. " I "I agree with CapUin Finn, "said Miaa ! uni ; " bceidca, 1 feel /in r that it is tlie ' U'ibel we are pursuing. " She hid Iter ! hand ujKin her bosom and turned to cruse the deck wlicro licr chair was. 1 1 her to her rent with a peep P 'of the comer o „.5 cyca at WilfriJ, put there av&a; no encouragement in Ins 1 ;"cti i ao. iXAting tpyaelf fomard of tlie i icu.pamui, io. the ahelter of it, I hclitcd cigar and puffed away in silence till ho urn- hec. bell ran,;. W jifrrd did nut come Ubie. Wheij 1 returned on deck after Rcnng nearly hour below, partly Um M'udi r> put aonio heait into "J" Jennings, who was pitifuUy dejected "en-ous, and partly because I had had ''g spell in the open air and guoaaed "ijit for soma titue yet Uioro would Ik? luo enough of tho schooner showing to vonj, looking at— 1 say when 1 rx>- Jpmod 1 found my cousin at tlio rail willi aru is tightly claspod on his bruaat Mnng fixedly aliood, with a face griin, indeed, with tJie aoowling contraction of '-"b brows, but as collected m the deter mined severity of it aa can bo iniacinud la fact, tlie sight of the acLooneTalioad h/id gafheird all his faculties and wonder ing fancies and imaginations into a bunch, | so to sjieak, and his mind as vou saw it in hifl cye«, in the set of his JipB, in the resolved and containcrd posture of his body, was aa Bteady aa that of the sanest man aboard us. It was aaithout wonder, however, that 1 perceived we had risen the yacht to the line of her rail, when 1 noticed that she still kept under short canvas whilst tlie Jind < aaos bursting ' through jJjl surges to the impulse now I even of tlie lower studdingsail. 1 took | Finn's glaBs from him and made out n j very handsome ficlioiiner, loftily sparred with ati immense head to her inoinsai, j the bnum of is 1 1 i ch hung far oa-er her quarter, vliilst she Bavang in graceful j floating Ieapings from hollow to ridge with ; thr round of Tier stern lifting black and flashing ofl each melting brow that undcr- I ran her. "We had, indeed, come up with j her hand oacr hand, but then it would lie almost the worst point, of sailing for a , foie-and-aft vessel, avlnlst we were carry ing in our square rig alone pretty nearly tho name surface of canvas that she had j abroad. She was ton far ofT as yot.. even i with the n'.d of the glass, to distinguish j her people. i "What do you think, Finn, vow?" j r:ml 1, turning to him. lie stood ciIuf.c ' I beside mc with lxis l-uig face working aaitli | nnxiety, und Btruinnig his sight till I I llu.iught he would fliuut lus eyes out of ! ' thiun hockets. I | "If s.'ie aijbf the Shark," said 3jo, J I " she's tlie Fhn),<j I)\jic-vnm. 1 had but j : one duul't. Yonder ciaft's boats arc ! j wliite. and my nofinn. but. 1 couldn't j Mve.ar to l,nn, \\\ as that tlie Sf nrl. 'j bunt a ! ai'eie blue. Fa n been fon-ards amnngst j ! tho men, a few nf ai ha m nro acquainted . j with Lord \\\ mtei ton's yaolit, and one of . Vtn bays her boats was blue, whilst ! tli'otheib aie a\ illmg to bet llieir ha cb that | I hoy are wlute. " ' " 1'ut thecut"f hera5?-)u's)i'n«-ityo?idor pi lives her tho Mun/;, y< 'U think " j " 1 do, sir," lie answered emphatically. I "Meli,"faid I, fetching a deep breath, , "after f/uklnnig mc if 1 don't bum my bnuk and agree avith ynur mate, old Jacob j Crimp, to behove in ghosts." ! 1 lea elled tlie glass again and uttered an J cxolamaliuti as 1 got tlie lcnse.s to bear I upon her. " Iiy thunder, Finn1 a es, they look to haa e the scent o us uuav. 1 S<-c ! f;reg«es l»m gall tups.nl ! " I AYiIlriJ caught my'wnuls. " AYhat arc t they dning ? " lie roared, bursting nut in .a mad wnv from liis rnj>t iron-like fiilecee, i | "making sail, (l'ae f.iv ? " and ho came j running up tons with an odd thrusting' 1 fi >1 vum! of his lie, -id as though straining to I , determine what was scarce more than a j , blur to his short smlit. He snatched the : i glass from my hand. " Yes," lie shouted, I "and there gueb her squarcsail. I5v i every saint, Finn, there's an end of my , doubts, ' and lie closed the glass with a j i ingmg of the tubes as lie telescoped them that would have made you think the tiling ) w as in pieces in his lisnds. " Shall I signal lier ti h.cavc to, vour I honour i " cxclaitncd Finn, speaking with : a doubtful eye if measuring the dia- j "Ay, at once," cried AYilfrid, "hut" — j lie cast a look at the pniY end--" bhe'li not i fcee your eoloure here," pointing vehe- ' luentJy. | "I'll run 'eni up at the fore, Sir Wil- i t'lid ; they'll Idoav out pLnin fJiere with the t gallant halliru ds let go. " " F)o as yuu aaill, only you must make her know my meaning," cried my cousin, and ho went with an impetuous btrido j right aft and rcRuined hi& former sentinel : posture. Mieb Jennings came tinndlv up j to me. | "She is the S),a:l, t);en 1 " ahc said in I ! a low voice. | j "All who know her are ngiced. Finn . RHas, saving here and there a doubt about . the colour of her boat," 1 answ ered. ! ' Slie had a i-ailnr's eye for sea otiects, . and instantly noticed that the schooner j ahead had broadened her sliuaa of ranvas. | " l)o t hey Buspect a\n> wo ari1 " she ciclaimed, talking us tlumgh kIic were uiUBing. | " Rn doubt the hculr jecogi.ised, and i they will run away if tluv can. I Silo looked at AYilfiid. " 1 ilu m-: like j to hjieak to him," she exclaimed. I " lie's killing Hojie-Keniiedy over and I over again," said 1 ; "his wife is before htm, too, and he is haranguing her. Rli ss ! us, _what a wonderful thing human tmagi- I'p went the signal flags foraaard in a Rtring of IiaIIs, a man tugged, the bunting broke and streamed cut in its variety of luhtrous colours, every flag stifl' as a sheet I of hum handpainted, with the light of the sky past it. bIiuw mg tliruugft. I caught myself breathing short and hard whilst w aiting for what waa to follow this sum mons to the running craft, We had been crushing through it after her with the speed of a steamer, and, supposing her indeed to be tho Shark, had literally veri fied Wilfrid's boast that tho Bride could sail two feet to her one. But now tiiat bhe h&d; broadened her winga there waa a threat uf considerable tediuusnesB in tlie "Do you Eupixjao they have made out what yacht we are / " I aaked Finn. "Likelvas not, sir. 1 shall think bo fur aartin if they don't shorten bail on reading dxat bunting uji there. A at ranger 'ud be willing enough to speak ub. W'hv not? 'Tib understAndablo that Fid- Icr bhould haa e kept his regs email in the face of the muck tliat waa crawling in the lior'nul thia morning. He 'a gut nothen to chase, and waa always a careful man, bo I've heard, and 1 tell ye, sir," said lie in a subdued way, ejic&king; with hia eyes fixed on Miss Jennings, who 6lixxl cloee with a white face, "tliut the Right of his easy canvas is almobt t)ic aamo to mo aa seeing , of her ladyship a sitting there," levelling hia hairy linger at tho yacht, "for, ond as aho w&a; of the water, let auythiiig of a brce2e oouie and alie. was always for having Sir Wilfrid reduce Bail." lie put the gloaa to hie eye as he spoke. "Hillol" he exclaimed in an inatant, "they're hoiBting a colour. There it goes — there it blowe. Oh my precious eves ! What is it? what ia it?" lie rumbled, talking to himself arid working into the glass as though he would drive un eye clean through it. "Why, Mr. Moiiboii,'1 ho hauled, "I'm Field Marshal the l)ukc u' Wellington, sir, if she lian'thoiatcd Dutch I snatched tho glass from his hand, and sure enough made out the Batnvmn hori zontal tri-eulour Btreaming from the peak- signal halliards like a fragment of rainbow against the lustrous curve of the main sail. " Wilfrid," 1 shouted, addressing him as lie stood right aft, Miss Laura and 1 and tlie akijjper being grouped a little for- avard of the main rigging, " they've hoisted Dutch colours. She's a Hollander, not the Shark f " and I fetched something like a breath of relief, for it waa a condition of suspense that x'ou w auled to see and end to one fashion or another as quickly as ; possible. He approached vib slowly, took the glass from my hand in silence and after a Bteady inspection turned to Finn. "She's tlie Shark/' lie Raid, with a fierce snap in Iuh manner that was like letting fly a pistol at the nkipjicr. 1 " Your honour thinks ao ? " "Don't you ? " ' 1 Thorn Dutch colours, Sir Wilfrid " " A device, a trick ' What could con firm one's suspicion more than yonder display of a foreign enfugn ? She's tlie »S/iark, I tell Vou, and that colour's a 6tratngcm. What do you say, Charles ? " "Fin blest if J knuav what to think," said 1. "If bIic's the »$/iark, why lias she taken it so leisurelv, only just now- setting her squarcssi and gaff topsail thougli w-o liave been in sight for a long time, crowd ing duwn upon her under a press that should awhile fcince liavc excited thcirsus- Scions? No need for tlicin to hoist utch colours. If Fidler tliinks lie is chased, wliv don't he haul his wind instead ! of kecjiing that fore-and-aft concern almost dead before it, &» if he didn't know on which side to carry his main boom?" " She's the Shark ! " thundered Wilfrid, " the flag slie is flying is a lie. Finn," he cried in a voice bo savagely imperious, so confoundedly menacing, that 1 aaoa- Miss Ijiura shrink, whilst the poor skijiper gave a hop aa though he had touched something red-hot ; "are we oaerliauling tliat vessel ! " ! " Yes, Sir Wilfrid." "How long will it tako ua to come within gunshot of her ? " Finn acnUched the back of his head. "Mr. Muii5M3, Bir,"a.iid he, addressing rne, " thut gun 'ull throw about three- quarters uf a mile, 1 alluw." " Call it a mile," said I. My cousin, with Jiis nostrils distended In (lie widest, hia respiration hysteric, hia whole body un the move, and with that tailed look in his face 1 have formerly described, stared at Finn oa though he would Bin)- him with his gaze. The skip per scratched the back of his head again. "Well, your honour, if yon Bchooner Holds aa she ia and thia here breeze don't take off, we ought to bo within gunshot," here he produced a silver watch of tlie bizc and shape uf an apple, "in three hours' time, making it about hslf-paat live." ! " How far is rIic distant now ? " "Betwixt three and four mile, Sir Wilfrid." " (nt your gun ready." ' ' A blank sin it , vnir honour ? " " A blank devil mid be damned to you. Load will: hall. Who's ynur gunner 1 " 1 " We fdtrdl hnio to manage amongst us, Sir Wilfrid," turning a face of alarm upon I was about to rcmuiiBtratc, hut there waa uu exprcasiun in the eve that mv cousin Lent on mc at tliat instant that caused mc to take Miss Jennings' hand as an invitation to her to crosa tlie deck and '"Charles," said he, "you told me that you knew something about gunnery. Will you handle that weapon yonder for roe?" "Wilf, it is rrmdnesA," said L "What1 plump a shot into a craft that may not be the vessel you want ! or, which in my opiinun is just as bad. tire at v :th a chance of sinking a yacht w ith a lady aboard — that, lady your wife —the -woman whom you have embaikcd on tins extraordinary adventure to lescue?" My blood ruse with my words. 1 dared not trufit myself to reason with him. I crossed the deck with Miss 1-auiri, and when we faced round I spied Wilfrid marching forwards with Finn, ana pre sently lie was by tlie aide of the gun : gesticulating vehemently to a body of , seamen who had collected round the piece. 1 Our signals were kept flying at the fore, whilst with the naked eye one could behold the minute spot of colour steadfast ut the I schooner's >cak. Onwards she held her course, 6«'arming steadily forward in Jong gliding curtayings over each frothing surge . that chased her, a most shapely and bcau- t if nl figure with a long flash of her low black wet 6ido coming off the line of foam i like a lift of dull sunshine, whilst on high snared the stretches of her sails v. ith srmie- : | thing of the airiness ol a dragon- fly's wing ' in the milk-white softness of their spaces i against the cLudy distance beyond. Tlio is line passed, Wilfrid remained forward, lio stood upon orjo of the anchors snaying with folded arnis to the mov ement of the | yacht, stiff as a handspike, his face fixedly directed at the schooner ahead. Tho sailors hung about, ehevring hard, spitting j much, saving things to one another past the hairy backa of their hands ; here and j there a whiskered face looking stupid with I a sort uf dull wonder that was like an 1 inane smile ; but tlie fact is, from Cu thill I down to the youngest hand all the soanieu j were puzzled, exerted and uneasy. The I sUtc of my cousin's mind show ed" plainly j to the least penetrating of those nauticAl j eyes. No man amongst them could imagine what wild direction? would be delivered, and though 1 made no doubt | the gun would be let fly when the order to fire was given, 1 was pretty sure tliat should it come to a command to board the schooner by force the men would decline. Sometimes Finn was forward, fluttering near "Wilfrid, somctimea aft, rca tleuly inajxjeting the compass or going feverishly to the aide and looking over, when again and again I would hear him say in a voice a« harsh aa the sound of a carpenter's plane: "(Jlory, glory! blow, niy sweet breeze, blow 1" manifestly unconscious that ho spoke aloud, but evidently obtain ing sonic ease of mind from the ejacula tion. Tlie sun went floating down westwards, the breeze shifted a point or two towards hiiu and then Blackened, though it con tinued to blow a lino sailing wind with a regular sea that had lung before lost' tlie j early snappish and worrying hurl put into it by tlie first of Lhc dark blast. Slowly we had been gaining upon tho chaso ; minute after minute 1 had been expecting to sec her put her helm down, flatten her bheets, and go staggering auay into Uie reddening waters weltering and washing ' to the sky under tlie descending sun, oh what she might know to be some best point ' of Bailing. She kept her Bquarcsail Bprcad 1 and the Dutch flog hoisted, and swung stubbornly ahead of us, making nothing I of our signals, which still continued to j fly. Through Finfi'a glass 1 could dis- j tinguish the figures of a few seamen I forward and a couple of men pacing the wcntlitr- Bide of the quarterdeck. Now I and again a head would show at the rail as though watching us, but the suggestion 1 seemed to find in the general posture j and air aboard the vessel was that of in- | difference, bb though, in fact, wo had long | ago exhausted curiosity, and had been quitted aa a spectacle for inboard jobs and the routine of such life aa was led there. Is she the S)iark?" I Raid to Finn. "If she isn't," Baid he, "mv eyes ain't mates, sir. It ia but n question of the colour of the quarter-boats." "I bcc no name on the counter." "No, sir, tlie Sfiavk has no name tainted on her." "She's steered by a wheel," said I. "So is the Shark, sir." I "AYlmt dn the men forward nlio know the .SLirfc think now?" I asked. i "Two of 'cm aay that it ain't her; the j rest that ilia. Iiut ne'er u man alioard , haa that knowledge nf her that ' ud give hi in i.vnsciiMice enough to tnhc an oath | upon it. Glory, fjhiry, there ahe walks 1 j By the piper tliat played nfore Moncs in ' tlie wuodB, your honour, 'twill be the I fairest, sunrise (hat ever I see that lights 1 up the end of thia dammed mess, begging j your pardon, Mr. Munson, and yours, i nr.ss, Fin sure. Fact is, f feci ail of a 1 I work inside mc, like a brig's boom in a calm." | "1 nrn unable to hold tlie glase steady," I said Miss Laura. "Mr, Monsuii. 1 see J no signs nf b lady on board. Do you, Cuptam Finn?" ' ' Not so much aa tlie twinkle of a hinch of pcttico&t;, miss ; but if her ladyship's there, of course she'd keep below." " Vou know Captain Fidler," said I. " Very well, sir." "There aro two figures walking that1 quartcr-dcck. Is ono of them he ? " I " It's too fur off, sir. I've been look ing and looking, but it's too fur off", I I say, sir. Mind ! " he suddenly roared, 1 "they're a-going to fire," aud ho rolled1 hurriedly forwards. A moment or two after, crash ! went j the gun. The blast broke in a dead shock upon the tar, and the smoke blew awav j ever the lee-bow as red with the tinctur- ' ing of the sun as a veil of vapour nt the ' edge of the crimson moon. Miss Jcn- ningB shrieked. A long yearning gush of sea catching the Bride fair on the quarter swung her fur a breath or two so aa to hide the schooner, then to her noxt yaw with Wilfrid still on tho anchor bending forward in imjvetuoua headlong- pose and two or three sailors handling the gun and a crowd of men in the head staring their hardest, the chase swept into view afresh. . " Ha!" I shouted, "shes heaving to." "Oli, Mr. Monson ! " cried Miss Jen nings, clasping her liands. Instantly Finn fell to thundering out ordera. " In stun'aaila ! clew up the | t'garnsail ! duwn squares'! ; duwn gaff tops'l 1" Twenty auch directions vol leyed from him ; in a trice tlie decks nf the Bride were as busy as an anthill ; canvas rattled like musketry as it was hauled down ; the atrains of Cutbill's , whistle Bhrillod high above tho voices of tho men. Riid a true ocean meaning came rolling into the commotion and clamour from the ycaatv seething over the aide, the singing of the wmd past the car, and the frisky motions of tlie yacht aa she brought tlie sea on her Ixnv heading, to Finn's yell to the man at the helm, to range to windward of tlie schooner that ' was now fast coming round .with her square&aiJ; descending, her nisi n tack hoisting and her topaail withering with her head to the west. Distance is mightily deceptivo at sea. I How far off the schooner w aa w hen tliev I let drive at her from our forecastle I could I not say. She was probably out of range ; 1 at all events, she shoved no damage as J aim i nine rounding to, aw ay down upon tlie | ! throbbing blue which had softened, much ! will. in the hour, with a bionzc gleam uf sheathing, as she heeled over ere Jict j canvas broke shivering in the eye of tlie | 'wind, that wonderfully heightened tlie ! beauty of tho long, low, black, most | , shapely hull, and the bland and elegant I fabric «>f bright spar and radiant cloths j I shining white vet through the faint claret ' tinge in tho atmosphere. Wilfrid came slowly aft, constantly looking at her as lie | walked. Under reduced canvas we swept ; down leisurely, sliding lightly upon the j run of lha surge that was now on tlie I beam. I examined her carefully through the glass whilst Miss Laura stood by my side asking questions, "Is she the Shark?" " She may be. Rut 6uch of her crew | as 1 make out don't look to nie to be English." " Can you distinguish any women on board i " " Nothing approaching a woman. They rnoau to board us. Ibey have a fine Ixat of a whaling pattern hanging tu leeward, and tlirro are Bailors preparing to lower her. They are not Englishmen, I swear. I see a large fut man delivering orders I apparently with sluggish gesticulations, ; which strik.0 mc as distinctly Dutch. How | about, her figure-head 1 " 1 continued, and J brought tho glass to liear on the f bows of the schooner. " Ha ! " I cried, ! .and looked round. I Wilfrid was watching the schooner right aft, w here he had stood during the greater | part uf tho chase, hia aniiB folded as be- 1 fore, the same iron-hard expression on | Ins countenance. 1 called to linn. i I "What is the figure - head of tho Sluirk?" j I He started, and answered, "I don't I know. Ask Finn," and so saying walked 1 The bkip»cr waa giving suuie instnic- ! tiuna to Cnmp on the other tide of the deck. " Captaiu Fiun," 1 called, " Sir. " "What's tlie Shark' figure- bead?" "A gold ball in a cup shaped like a j lily, your honour. " | "Then, Wilfrid,' I cried, shoving the j glass into his hands, "vour pursuit must , carry you further afield yet, for that craft's figure-head ia a wliite effigy, appa rently a woman's haad." Hia manner to the sudden, desperate surging of the disappointment in linu fell in a breath into tlie old form of tlie crazi- nesa of hia inooda of excitement. He looked through Llic glass, aud then roared out - - " Finn." The akipper came bundling over to ua. " Tliat vessel ia not the Shark." " I've been af eared not, air, I've been afeared not," said Finn. "Like aa two egga end on ; but now she's drawod out — 'tain't only tlie figure-head. She han't got the Shark's length of bowsprit." Wilfrid dashed the tcleaco2>e down on to tlie deck. "A fool's chase ! " lie ex- claimed, Bcarcoly iutclligvblo for the way he spoke with his teeth ret. " Heavenly God, what a disappointment ' Rut it Bhould have been Monday, it should have boon Monday," and his gozo went into a scowling, wandering way from ua to the schooner. " I suppose you know," said I to Finn, " that they're standing by to lower a boat when we shall have come to b stand ? " " Ay, sir, 1 know it," exclaimed Finn, who had picked up Jub telescope and waa feeling over it in h nervnuB, broken-down manner aa though lie /cared it was injured, but durst not look to make sure while Wilfrid stood nigh. " I shall heave to to looard for their convenience," and with that lie walked aft to the wheel. Wilfrid looked crushed with something absolutely lifeless in the dull leaden blank nf lus eyes. It aa perhaps fortunate for us, if not for him, that this sudden prodigious blow of disappointment should have completed the sense of physical and mental exhaustion winch inevitably atten ded the war of emotions that had been going on »H day in his weak mind, other wise heaven alone knu«fi what miserable and painful display might have followed this failure of hia expectations. I wsa much affected by his mannor, and en deavoured to console him, but he motioned me to bilenee with a gesture of the hand, and seated himself on the skylight, where lie remained with his arina folded and liis eyes fixed un this deck, apjiarcutly heeding nothing tliat passed around him. "He'll rallv aitcr a little," said I to 1 Miss Laura, who furtively watched him with eyes sad with the shadow of tears. , 1 " It ought to have been the .Shark, Mr. Monsnn," she exclaimed in a low voice. I "My cowardly heart all day haa boon i praying otherwise ; and now 1 would give i ten years of my life that my sister were there — for his sake, for nunc, ami fur yours too, that this wretched voyage of expectation and mistakes and supcistiliona — oil, and I do not know what else," she added with a little tos of her arms like a wringing of her hands, " might come to an end." Tlu? sailors forward were eyeing the f vessel steadily aa wo approached her. Ry I this time all hands were nwarc of the I blunder tliat had been made, and one seemed to aee a kind of BURperiEB in the ! po6turc of the fcllowB, with o half grin in I I it, too, as though 'twas an incident to be I | ms much laughed at as wondered at. The j breeze continued to slacken, the seas were | momentarily losing weight as they rolled, | the gushing of the western crimson floated j in the air hkc a delicate red smoke, with I a heap of flame coloured clouds resting , broodmgly upon the southern confines I and the new moon over the sun, a wonder I for the bright sharpness of its curve in J such a hectic as she etood in. We ran | down, and hove to within easy linsling distance tu leeward of the achooncr, hut it | waa plain tliat Mynheer had no notion of talking to us from over his rail. Hislne j l%rge b<>at hung manned at the davits as we rounded tu, with a gang of fellows at cither fall, and no sooner was our way arrested than down slowly sank tlie Bix- oared fabric. The oars sparklod it; the red light, ami away she came for us. " Charles," called my cousin from the skylight. I went to him. "I'm too ill to he worried," said he ; " represent me, dear boy, willynu? Get us out of this nieas as beat you can, and as quickly." He sj>oke faintly, and slightly staggered after he hail nsey. Miss Jennings, seeing this, took his arm. aud together they went below. I stood at the gangway along with friend Finn. Twos a ludicrous position to be in, and what excuses tu make I knew not, unless it was to come to my explaining I the full motive and meaning of our ex- ! podition— a sort of CAndour I did notlike j the idea of. In the stcrn-shceta of tlie 1 approaching boat was tlie large fat msn j 1 had previously faken notice of in tho schooner quarter-deck. Hia face us aa round as the moon, with a smudge of bristly yellow moustache under a bottle- shaped nose ; his penum was the cora- pletcst pudding of a figure that can be imagined, aa though, fnrsooth, a huge suit | of clothes had been filled out with suet, j He wore a blue cap w ith a shovel-shaped peak, and a piece of gold lace on it going | from ono brass button to the other, j "That's not Fuller," said I to Finn. "Fidler ! " ho ejaculated, staring with j all Lib might at the boat, ' ' there's twenty Fidlera in (hat man, your honour. Why, j Fidler 'e a mere rib, lean enough to shelter | himself under tlie lee of a nupcyani." The boat came fizzing alongside hand somely, and tlie fat man, watching Ins opportunity, planted himself upon the steps and rose like a w hale to our deck, upon which he stepped. In a very phlegmatic, leisurely way lie stood star- , ing around him for a little out of a pair of small, greenish, expressionless eyes, and with a countenance that discovered , no signs of any sort of emotion ; then in the deepest voice I ever heard in a man, a tone thai literally vibrated upon the ear like tlie low note of a church i organ, ho Baid in Dutch, "Who s>eaks uiy language ? " 1 knew a few sentences in German, enough to enable mo to understand hia question, but by no nicaiiB enough to converse with, even if the man spoke that tongue, so 1 anid bluntly in English, He wheezed a bit, looking stolidly at mc, and exclaimed, "You aro Captain ? " 1 motium?d to Finn. " Yy you vire ot me ( " be demanded, turning his fat, emotionless faco upon tho skipjver. Finn touched his cap. " Heartily sorry, sir . 'twas nil a blunder happening through our mistaking you for another cjwft. I'm vorv willing to 'pologisc and do wbutevcr'a right." The Dutchman listened apathetically, then slowly bringing his fist of the shape, if not the hue, of & leg of beef to his vast spread of brcosL, he exclaimed in a voice even deeper than Iris former utterance, " Yot 1 ask is, \v you vire ot me? " Finn substantially repeated hia former apology. The Dutchman gazed at him dully, with an expression of glossiness coming into his eyes. " Yot sclrip dia ? " Fmn answered with alacrity, " The schooner-yacht, Biide, sir." " Zhe vihgl voir herr nation 1 " sending a lethargic glar.ee at our masthead as if in search of a pennant. "No, sir,"' cried Finn, "we're a pleasure vessel." " Der is no var," exclaimed the Dutch man, shaking his head, "between mine coundry and yours." " Ho no, sir," exclaimed Finn. " Den I ask," said tlie Dutchman in a voico like a trombone, " \y you vire ot mc ? " Thia promised no end. 1 hastily whis pered to Finn, " Leave him to me. Turn to quietly and trim sail and get way upon the vessel, llo'll take uu other hint, I fear." Finn sneaked off. " Pardon me, sir, "said I, "you'll have heard from the captain that our firing at you was a blan der into which wo were led by mistaking your sliip. We d us ire to tender you our humblo iqKjloqy, which I trust you will see your way to accept without delay as we aro very desirous of proceeding on our rovage." Jle looked ot roe with a motionless head and a faco as vacant of human intelligence as a cloud, with its fat, iU paleness, its Alp u>on Alp of chin, then ponderously and slowly putting his hand into hia breast lie pulled out a great pocket-book and said, " \ ot dia schip'a name ? " " The Bridesmaid," said I. He wrote down tho word, wliMzing laboriously. " Your captain mine 1 " ' ' Fidler, ' I answered. This he entered. "Owner ? " " Culnm' Hupe-Kenncdy." " Ow you shpell 1 " I dictated, and lie put down t lie letters ! as I delivered them. I " Yhcre you vrum ? " " Limerick," 1 answered. "()w vou rjjIicU?" He got the word, and jhen said, " Yore you boun' ? " " To t)ie Sulnjiiuij Group," I answered. This I had to spell fur him too. He 1 wrote with such imperturbability, with such a ponderosity of pldcgm/itic manner in his posture, with such whale-like asth matic whueziiigs broken only by the trem bling nutes of his deep, deep voice, that again and again I was nearly exploding with laughter, and indeed, had I caught anybody's eye but his I must certainly have whipped out with the merriment that was alnn>6l suffocating me. He slowly returned tlie note-book to hia |K>cket and exclaimed "Ooot. You hear more of dia," arid nith Hiat walked to the gangway. " I'ray forgive me," said I. following j him and fqrenkinR very courteously, ' ' will | you kindly tell me the name uf vour 1 bhiji ? " He regarded me with a kind of scowl aa lie hung an inatant in Die gangway -the only expression approaching intelligence that entered hia face, and said, "J/afrma." , "And pray where areyuu bound to, sir?" "Guraoa." I " Arc you tlie owner, sir 1 " j " Captain," he rospuiidod with an em- I phalic nod, and Bo Baying he put 2na fc»ot i on lhc: ladder and entered lus boat. I Five miuutch later we were breaking tlie seas afresh, making a more southerly (course than v»as neisiful by two points, ! that we might give as wide a berth as soon j as possible to the Dutch schooner, that, at t.he lime 1 went below to the summonB of j the dinner-bell, was sliding away vvest- I soul li- west a league distant under every ! clutli that bite iai to hoist. CHAPTER XIX. A MYSTF.IIIOL'S VOICE. Tms was nn incident to give one a deal 1 to think and tall about. Certainly little imaginable come be stronger than that wc, being in those of a fore-and-aft schooner yacht, ahould fall in with & vessel 60 resembling the object of our pursuit as to deceive the sight of men who professed to know the Shark well. I should have been glad to aak the Dutch man about liis craft, yet it waa a matter of no moment whatever. Tlie thing had happened, it waa passing strange, and there waa an end. Likely euough ehe waa an English vessel purrhased for some opulent trader in the ir and of Guraoa, And on her way to tht possession in charge of the porpoise who had honoured us with a visit The incident signified only as a disappointment. All dinner time I had been frettmg over it, for since aunrise I had been thinking of the vessel ahead as the .Shark ; counted, in a sort of unreasoning, meckanic&l;, silent way, upon capturing Lady Monaon out of her, which, of course, would mean a shift of helm for us and homo again. Wilfrid bore the blow bettor than I had dared to expect. He made a good dinner, for which he had tho excuse of having fasted since breakfast, and broke into a noisy roar of laughter out of the air of( gloomy resentment with which he had arrived from Iris cabin on my describing tlie Dutchman, and repeating his questions and my answers. In short, hia weak mind came to Iub rescue. With the Bchooner had vanished an inspiration of thought that had served hiB intellect as an anchor to ride by. His imagination was now fluent again, loose, draining here ond there like water un the ducka of a rolling ship ; aud though he spoke with vehement bit terness of liis disappointment, and with indignation and rage even.af Finn's igno rance in purauing a stranger throughout tlie day, lie dwelt very briefly at a time on the subject. Indeed, his talk waa juat an amilc&s; 6tndefrom ono thingto another. If he recurred to the Dutch schooner, it was aa if by mere chance ; and, though Die subject would blacken his mood, in a very short while he had passed on toother matters with a cleared face. Mi&s; Laura afterwards aaid to roe that tha strain of the day had been too great for him, and that when tho tension was relaxed tho strings of the instrument of his mind dropjied into slack fibres, out of which hia | reason could fiddle but very little music. Well, 1 could have w ished it thua for every, body's sake. Better aa it was than that he should have shrunk away scowling and hugging a dark nuintle of madness to him, and exaggerated the abominably uncom fortable behaviour 1 had witnessed in Jriin all day. He arrived on deck after dinner to smoke a cigar, and whilst I sat with Miss Jennings — for it waa a quiet night after the stormy blowing of the day, with a tropic tenderness of temperature in the sweet gushing of the southerly wind, the i curl of moon gone, and tlie large stars trembling through the film of their own radiance like dewdrops m gossamer — I could hear roy couain cliatting brisklynear tlie wheel with Finn with intonations of voice that curiously proclaimed the %ari- ablencsa of liis moods to Hie ear, come- timoa speaking w ith heat, sometimes in a note of sullen expostulation, sometimes surprising the attention with & loud ha, ha 1 tliat came floating back again to the deck in echoes out of the silent canvas, whilst Finn's deep sea-note rumbled a running commentary as the baronet talked. " \Vjat do you think of this chase now ? " said I to Miss Laura. "I wish it were over," she answered. " I want to Bee my sister, rescued from the wretch she has run away with, Mr. Mon son, but this sort of approaching her re covery is dreadful." " It ia worse than dreadful," said I ; llit ia tedious with the threat of a neat little tragical complication by-and-hye — any day indeed — if Wilfrid doean't stow that gun in his hold or heave it overboard. The Dutchman might very well have answered our shot had he mounted a piece or two or driven alongside and plied ua, as they j used to say, with small arms. Now one isn't here for Hiat sort of thing, Miss Jennings." "No. Ia there no way of losing tho cannon ? " I laughed. "If Wilfrid will reserve his fire until he is sure of the Skarifc instead cf blazing awav at the firat craft that reaam- bios her, the weapon might yet prove something to usefully aerve hia turn ; for 1 doubt if anything will hinder the Colonel from cracking on when he catches sight of us, short of iron mea&ages; from the fore castle there. Rut we shall not meet with the Shark thia side the Capo, if there." " I fear it will prove a long voyage," said she, with the sparkle of tlie starlight in her eyes. " You will be glad to return ? " "Not without my sister." " Rut shall you bo willing, Miaa Jen nings, supposing usto arrive at Cape Town without failing in with the Shark , to >er- severe in thia very singular and unpromis ing sea quest ? " " 1 will remain with Wilfrid certainly," she answered quietly. "My duty ia to help him in this search, and where lie ! gocB I shall go." 1 " Rut he will be acting cruelly to carry | you on from the Cape unless able to cer- , tainly tell where to find the fugitives, ! fixing the date ton for that matter. " | " see you will leave us at the Cape, j Mr. Mumon," she exclaimed with an accent tliat could only come from tlie | movement uf the lips in a smile. " Not unless 1 prevail upon you to ac- company me home," said 1. She shook her head lightly, but made no answer. Perhaps it waa her silence ' tliat rendered me sensible of tlie unpru- | meditated significance of my Bpcech. j " Well," said I lighting a second cigar, j I " w Mist you feel it your duty to stick to i rr.v cousin I shall feel it mine to Btick to | I you. Not likely I should leave you aioDC with hiiu. No." j i At that inatant the harsh, aurly voice of u!d Jacob Crimp hailed tlie 6kippcr, who I still stood nft talking with Wilfrid. All ! was in darkness forward ; it was hard upon I two Hulls ; the canvas rose as elusive to I tlio eye in its wanness aa a dim light in j windy gloom far out to sea, and the , shadow of it plunged a dyo a9 opaque as i blindness into the obscurity from the mainmast to the forecastle rail, where the stars were sliding up and down like a dance of fire-flics to the quiet lift and fall of the close-hauled yacht upon the in- , risible folda brimming to her port bow. ' " Capt'n," sung out Crimp's melodious I voice — plaintive as the notes of a kn?fe upon a revolving grindstone — from the , heart of the murkincss somewhere near I the galley. " Hallo " answered Finn. I " Can I apeak a word with ye ? " | "Who iB it wants nie ? " I " The mate." " Tell him to conic aft," Wilfrid bawled out " If there's anything wrong I must know it. Step oft, Crimp, step aft, d'ye hear ? " he cried. Old Jacob's stunted figure came out of the darkness and walked along to where Finn stood. " What ia tlie matter, I wonder ? " said Miss Laura. I cocked my car, for there is something in a hail of thiB sort at sea on a dark night to put an alertness into one's instincts ond nerves. Resides, there waa no sounder anorer on board than old Jacob, and hia I merely coming up on deck during hia I watch below, though he should have stood mute a a ghost, was something to raise a little uneasy aenso of expectation. Hia voice rumbled, but 1 could not hear what he said. Wilfrid shouted " Whal d'ye say 7 " with an expression of astonishment and incredulity, r inn laughed in a sneer ing war, whilst old Jacob again rumbled out witii aome aontenco. Then my cousin bawled out " Charles, Charles, como here will vou ? " " \Vhat the douce is the matter now f " said 1, and Miss Laura followed me aa I went urer to the group. " Here'aa nicepicklo wo're in, Charles," ; cried Wilfrid. " What think you 1 Crimp swears the yanht'a haunted." " So she be," said Crimp. " Pity your motlior didn't sell vinegar, Jacob, that you might have stayed at home to bottle it off," exclaimed Finn. ' ' Haunted ! Hiat may do for tlie marines, but you won't get the Bailors to believe it" "That's just what thev do then," re marked Crimp. "All tiie watch below have heard it and can't sleep in conse quence." " Heard what ? " I asked. "The woice," answered Jacob, "the same aa you and mo heard 'tether night" "Have lyou heard a voice, Charles ? " exclaimed Wilfrid, suddenly fetching a deep breath. "A mere fancy," said L " Yedidn't like it anyhow, " eaid Crimp gruffly aa though speaking aside. "For God's sake tell me about thia voice, Charles," cried Wilfrid, agitated all on a sudden and restless aa a dog-vane, with the twitching of his figure and the shifting of hia weight from one leg to another. I related the incident, making light of it, &nd; tried to persuade him that the mere circumstance of my having aaid nothing about it proved that I regarded it as a deceit of Die hearing. "Did you know of this, Laura ? " eaid Wilfrid. "Asa joke only," she answered. "A joke," criod he, breathing doep again. " Tlie voico sounded off tie sea, hey 7 aud tw o of you heard it ? What did it say ? " and 1 could see him by the star light looking towards the starboard quar ter in the direction whence the syllables had floated to ua. "What did it aay 7" he repeated. " Why, tliat this liore yacht was cussed," rattled out Jacob defiantly, ' 1 and dum me if I don't think she be now that the bloom ing corpse belonging to tho wreck is a- jauing and n -threatening of all hands down in the fore peak." " What is thia man talking about? " I exclaimed, belieWng that he must either be drunk or cracked. "He's como aft to tell us, Mr. Monson," answered Finn, " that he and others of the watch below have been disturbed by & woice in the hold saying that there's a ghost aboard, and that the only way to get rid of him is to sail straight away home and end this woyage which, saving the lady's presence, it calls hlarated non sense." J observed old Jacob' head vigorously nodding. " You're heard the voice too, Charles?" said Wilfrid, flitting in short, agitated strides to and fro beaide ua. " Mr. Monson heard it tw ice, ' ' growled | Jacob, "off the wreck as well asofflhe, quartor." J " Speak when you're spoken to," coed Finn. " Why, spit me, Mr. Mouaoiq'if it ain't old Jacob's grandmother ws has' signed on instead of Crimp himself-" v . "Look here," eaid Cnmp, "let .tabmjj what disbelieves step forratd And Jmenl themselves." , . T. " Charios, inquire into this matter Jfltix Finn, will you!" mcdaimed WJfnl ; " he stopped and passed hia Land through Mi" Jennings arm, immedjswjT would cost me a night's reet. ' . - . ; " Come akmg, along, Crimp. If therefte \- v - -'--.£-Nl!pi " VY YOC YTOE OT ME?" be laid ldp&tcli6d; to the Red end tell Sir BgVafna'iBboiit '33iM roioe .-vou and Mr. <w.mriiefljd 'riudit 1 " grumbled tennwmpirrards into the dark- pn "Gadso ita vuisrvered Cramp in it's time this eraSpiwnnting ramble, fceemiteroe.if )iejgomg to be talked . fto eaii enayjleiiita?' v Finn mndnfoolteByer. 'Weatrived at . tbetorehabjhniidi&eBoended.; The Briit't . torerasUe -was salage iono for a vessel of her airs. _ On .eaiiior tjand abait eras a " nff fmin the respectively' occ»REl98»ibOrijnp &nd; Cutbill. the captain, "with neoeJSraeaiis door to a and ill- fiavtmredp ti»e p|w3cck. There were bunks for the saaneii and two or three .. bkml&dfckBBlung; right forward ; suits of .oSakttLB jinrig ( by vtnilc against the stan- tabjttT-ito'd swung to the motion of the '. -vessel slike the bodies of suicides swayed by the wind. Tiie deck was encumbered . fcw sea-chests cleated or otherwise secured, Mere and there glimmering through the : Jtwilight in_a bunk I took notice of a little framed picture, a pipe rack, with other odds yd ends, trilling home memorials, 1 with" trfafnh o|yjhips fiffisnlf. There wete arr beds, a vision of 44wSefy3fiSorkmgjg>outof a hedge of whisker/ with bright wide-awake eyes . that made one think of glow-worms in a birds nest . other equally hairy-faced . figures iirauaWcra and with naked foot, huge bare arms dark with moss and prick ings in ink, .sat with their legs oyer the ee Of their bunks. It was with difficulty . that I controlled my gravity when on CMongjaamea giance rouna xne lore- castle' on enferirig_it my gaze lighted on the visage of Muffin, whose yellowness in ? - the dull lompUit ehowed with the spec- 1" : tral hue of ashes. His bunk was well -fflWPH j kin haw log |MinAfrvnp flii» edgft ij, like a couple of broomsticks ; liis hands were clasped; his head slightly <onone '2"' larm, amid WnpSwaBvS.t≥ affli Jiiriced amative \- jalelikew&eBs; q-ith w sag- eatgliroplSbful&iolo; f orfeeli nervous. Sweet as tim Bride "a s," no doubl es apleasure vessel comwed with .<> . other craft o!flthlbse tSinbSj'bbeodour of ithiSjinteanoE, improved as.it was by the mo.'Io&j; fnot to mention n decidedly warm night, was by no means r-\ of the most delicious. 'Added to this- was v- the lift npd fall of the yacht' iJ&ws; which one felfhero floT.Btzongly, ihiat, coming \- fresh from the tender hearings of the after- ' . decik,.ou Wdffld have imagined- a lively headfilmdjBprmig ujKina sudden. That MuffinSflrouldhave stbod itastoiiishcd me. jSleeping as he did, right in the "eyes," .v".k . "h&Hot; tiSfe'Tftry "-ftui— of '-the -motion, audi an atmosphere as this a leisomJyiqirvey wjiat ihe prmmnlng of this here talk aboiRTa woice 7 just come aft to tell me hare homeudii a-spesking under foot remarked Cutbill, mo htobd bolt upright like a seutrin the Bnhaape.to his little berth, 'llheg yoqr araon, yr.tMonsorL, sir, bht itie nigh pmieewn&Sorfc; o Bpcecbj&sbaUed; us thesama / " said adeiice ''uoth-Smncontemptuouflly. Neiieret met with the rat as could Z"ww a "3 BingisaV gnintpd ear, oer lingo, Mr. Crimp, ifiSlffl BttSar'tobking seaman ; whose face taken notioeof as resembEizg S»tlmf ali>ver:iipe lemon. Ho lay ylhefmaUjd his'lNudc blinking us, Sill jvutiiianinrm in 4-bof. 4-ba«- iSlpMappdera confusing ly the eliding of fiie airing of the yanht, made mm f rnefon half - buried in a ;.«ee Jmre, >my ladSj-V.ox- in a voice of expos tulaiion, lWlSuMhisTiere' woice say I That' want to Jmow. What did it say, wrewted Crimp, Muhachble Interpretation did not Ahat.of djm othere. ThesEulora FajBeaCTaSvjLgreed that the voice' had I t cflact 'tliat fhe yacht was ahai tiieir business was to LfeSlcSyistebflMcfiil her home ; ' but some gtoiTsMpaitotiy. heard more than othera, few again mnif estly embellirii ed. I nonoi yerhapa, oflihakihgniie lnStdflt iiit&gecoiM; In no question |)mnan> yUiables, ? very iaouwed from but lpff Srn hold : all : hands were agreed as to jpftSSid aproof condusive as to the Gin- UMaveibewi focsd HaffiwlMdwMtheim- one andwllf yfleoce, now l ' cried Finn, 41 let's tomarg? _No&ing; alence but -fee ralky wash of |fc9fiuo3iar?cBealaif --noises l«ffeao&jK; bub in various parts of the fabric |®MA4Jtoicdj;bo!d my fcce stood feyaeMPpybiniy'yye.dMiciiigfrom one piMW&nnffen;&noe; to another. The KmSmftpffj»9n'«P8ti>rBa.the kno\ring E'finngSfet8re, tite attained «u5biiie Bfililriiw oftTiiiiirr » ifilfimfiTr [?] [?] But no Bennd rotembling a buinan syl lable entered the stillness. - "XCs lalB, l.toll ee," shouted the' sptoggo on dock. "Como oaiht diennm edn oiTlidivwK frid to come forward. Ho had left Miss Jennings standing alone at the rail, and was walking swiftly hero and there with an irritability of gesture tliat was a sure symptom in him of a troubled nud active imagination. On catching right of me as I emerged out of the blind shadow on the forward part of the yacht, he cried out eamnlyjWeU, what have you heard? TswTa voice, diaries"? " There is nothing to hear," I answered. " Finn disrespectfully calls it rats." \--.What-elsc, your -honour 7." exclaimed. Finn, ' the squeaking of rats ain't unlike a -sort o' language. Put tho noise- they, make alopp with the strauiing of bulk- beads and tlie like of such sounds, and let the boiling bo listened to by a pared of Ignorant sailors, and I allow ye il get what might be termed a supernatural woice." "Wilfrid burst into one of bis great laughs, but immediately after said in a crave and hollow. tone, "Cutyou, Charles, have before heard something preterna tural in tho sliape of a hail otf yonder 'quarter, and from tho dead man yon found on the wreck." _ u Fancy, mere fancy," I said. "Gracious mercy ! am 1 making this voyage to carry homo with me a belief iu ghosts ? But I wish you'd go. into the forecastle with Finn, Wilfrid, and listen for yourself. Make your mind easy : there's nothing to be heand. A visit from you will jiacify the men. They hold tliat you admit the truth of wliat they allege by declining to satisfy yourself by listening. Their temper is not of the sweetest. They should be soothed, 1 tliink, when it is to be so easily done." He hung in the wind and said in a hesitating way, " What <lo you think, Finn?" " Well, Sir Wilfrid, since, as Mr. Mon- son 6ays, there's nothen to hear and nothen therefore to cause ye any agitation, I dora't doubt that a wisit from you would please tho sailors and calm down their minds. 1'xa bound to say they're oncasj',— yes, Vm bound to say that." wiuq, we u, vu<« my vuuaui, onu uq strided impetuously into the darknoss, followed by the skipper. I gave Miss Laura my arm and we started on a little walk. The awning was furled and the dew everywhere sparkled Hike hoar frost.. The quiet night wind sighed in the rigging, and the yacht, a point or two off her course, anil every sheet fiat oft, softly broke through the black quiet waters with dull pulls of phosphor at times sneaking by like the eyes of secret shapes risen close to the surface to survey us. The sheen of the binnacle light touched a portion of the figure of the fellow at the wheel, and threw him and a segment of the circle whose spokes he held, out upon the clear, fine, 6pangled dusk in phantasmal yellow outlines, dim as the impression left on the retina by an object when tho eyelid is felosed upon it My fair companion and J talked' of the iucidcnts of the day. One Etliing was following another rapidly, I 'said. 'Twos like a magic— lantern show ; scarcely had one picture faded out when something fresh was brightening in its room. " What rimnner of sound could it bo," she asked, ''that the sailors Iulvc inter preted into cursings and dreadful warnings i " ' ' It was no fancy on my part anyway," said 1, " let mc put what face I will on it to Wiifrid. If what the men profess to hear bo half as distinct as what I heard, there must .be some kind of sorcery at work, 1'il swear." (To be continued.) 