SPORTING NOTES. (By Sandboy.) The greatest sportingcamival in the southern hemisphere is at present monopolizing the attention of almost all Australians, by the carrying out of the V.R.C. Spring Meeting at Flemington, Victoria. The ball was set roll' ing on Saturday last when several good races were run, including the Derby and Melbourne stakes, ft is not of much consequence for me to occupy space in reference to the proceedings of the day, from the fact that the results of the several events are long since known ; suffice it that most of the good work was done by the horses looked upon as able to do it. The Derby was secured by The Admiral, who was a strong favourite for several days. The great events of the meet will take place lo -day (Cup day), when it is expected one ot the greatest crowds seen together in Australia Hill be present All the best horses in the :olonies will be present, and it is thought the time for the principle events will break the record this year. The first race to-day will be the Hurdle race which ought to be secured by Ulysses with Crossrail second. For the Hup race, out of the 42 acceptances, from 25 to 30 might go to the post, and out of this ruck the race will be totally in charge of about lalf a dozen, composed of the following — Prince Consort, Muriel, Carbine, Enuc, Melos, ind Loyalstone. Without further comment I grill prejudge the places as follows : — First Melos or Carbine, second Enuc, third Loyal stone. The cricket season appears to be running hrough without very much being done that is as far as the Burra club is concerned. At the opening of the season there is generally a great deal of blow, but during the season proper the players seem to remind one very much of a bursted sugar bag. It is 3\. pity the club cannot be worked on lines more interesting. There may be yet time for a match for November 10. I would press upon the secretary to put some energy into the business and fix up successfully. The rifle matches to be fired on the Burra Range on Monday next will be of considerable interest to those of our sporting men, who are fond of shooting ; several very valuable prizes are offered, and it is expected a large number of entries will result. The Sydney Athletic Club is trying to arrange a finish fight between Jackson and Goddard, and have offered a purse of .£1,200 for the men to battle for. Jackson has replied that he is willing, and has postponed his re turn to America in consequence. It only re mains for Goddard to say the word, and the match will be at once ratified. I have, and I feel sure most of my readers have heard many stories about dreams as to the Melbourne Cup winner. A correspon dent sends the following to the Referee : — *' While waiting to be attended to in a book seller's shop on the 21st, I idly turned over an encyclopaedia lying on the counter when it opened at the word ' Tantallion' (an ancient ruined castle in East Lothian, N.B). A few minutes afterwards I again opened the book — *' promiscuous-like' — at the word ' cup.' Now, having all along had an unaccountable fancy for Tantallon I have, although no be liever in dreams, visions, or promonitions, allowed myself so far influenced by strange coincidence as to forthwith hunt up a respect able penciler, and accept his 100 to 2.' I would not advise this to lead-any of our readers to do likewise, because I don't think the horse has a ghost of a chance to win the race. The United Friendly Societies' sports to be held on the local Oval at about Christmas pro mises to be a big affair. I hope everyone of our sporting men will give the cause a lift by subscribing to the prize-list. 