. Another Abortive Want of Confidence Motion. When the Treasure last week made his Budget speech and announce a surplus of nearly half amillion ; when he could point to cash in hand on the public account to the amount of 2\ millions sterling, and trust money on deposit to nearly the same total ; when he was able to anticipate another surplus, in spite of an expected deficit in the railway account; and when his statement was received with cheers from both sides of the House, no one anticipated the debate then ad journed would re-open on the follow ing Tuesday with a want of confidence motion from the Opposition leader on financial grounds. But in our Oppo sition's tactics it appears as if only the unexpected were allowed to happen. Mr. Munro opened the session with a want of confidence motion, on the feeble ground that the Ministry had not called Parliament together a fortnight earlier, and had introduced the Federal Resolu tions before the Railway Bill. He with drew this in favour of a more specific charge fathered by Captain Taylor, and the Ministry scored a substantial victory by a majority of twenty- one. . It was a fair trial of strength, and mi girt, well have been accepted as decisive, since time is a special consideration in the Assembly now, and since the hostile motion had not the ghost of a chance of being carried. Mr. Munro's charge this time, however, is certainly as sweeping as his first one was weak and inconclusive. It is simply that the financial statement is unsatisfactory and unreliable, and that the Ministry should be directed to take it back and amend it. Mr. Otllies could not, of course, do otherwise than take up the gauge of battle thus defiantly flung down, although the mover protested, amidst the laughter of the House, that he did not mean it as a challenge. A Ministry that would take back its estimates and recast them at the bidding of the Opposition would assuredly be better seated on the Opposition than on the Treasury benches. The Opposition leader does not take exception to any line of proposed expen diture in the estimates ; he does not chal lenge the increase in defence expenditure, the economies in administrative expendi ture, or the relative relations of income and expenditure. His attack is based on far other grounds. He declares that as the Treasurer last year under-estimated receipts from some sources of revenue and over-estimated others — the net result being that receipts exceeded estimate by about £300,000 — therefore the present estimates are unreliable and inaccurate. The fact that the Treasurer's estimate was under the actual revenue should, we think, be rather to his credit than otherwise. Nothing is lost by caution in such matters; but a great deal is imperilled by over-boldness. Last year there was such mortality among wealthy Victorians that probate duty realised £400,000, in place of the £240,000 ex pected; and unless we are to hold the Treasurer responsible for the death-rate, it is difficult to understand how lie can be impeached on such grounds. Deducting the excess in probate receipts,' the estimate of revenue was merely £140,000 below the actual receipts. Fluctuations in the several branches of revenue often balance one another, and a Treasurer expects them to \- do so. The probate duties might just as ; easily have been £160,000 under, as over, the estimate, and in that case estimates and receipts would have nearly balanced. But the conclusion Mr. Munro draws from the whole is that estimates are "mere guesswork," and that those now submitted are unreliable. Certainly he scored a point in one respect. The pro portion of railway expenses to receipts was last year set down at 58 per cent,, and it proved to be 68; this year the proportion is estimated at 65, and as new lines will be opened at inter vals throughout the year, and as the excess percentage of last year was attributed to the extra expense caused by new lines, it is only reasonable to sup pose, until special reason to the contrary is shown, that similar causes wiil this year produce similar effects. But the real gravamen of Mr. Munro's indictment consists of his impeachment of the' surplus, and the system of book keeping by which it is produced. Mr. Gillies, by means of supplementary estimates, charged £420,828 of expendi ture to last financial year instead of following the practice usually adopted and charging the expenditure to this year. He might have made his surplus nearly a million by following this course; but Mr. Munro gives him no credit for the innnrofinr onn /lAn/lnmne liim T\o/»qiicd w UTAAVL WAAVAVIII l/WUU)«AJw he did not also charge to last year's account the loan interest of £605,000 due in London on 1st July. Now there can be no doubt that the course recommended by Mr. Munro is the right and proper one ; but it is not well to take too big a handful of reform at once. The Treasurer had already sacrificed to an improved system of accounts over £400, oOO, which under the old system would have swelled the surplus, and, having done so, thought he had done enough for one year, and followed the old system with regard to the July interest. He explained this clearly in his Budget speech, and roundly declared that he did not feel justified in turning a surplus into a deficit by charging eighteen months' interest against a twelve months' income. Under the circumstances we think he was right in. so doing ; the national credit is a delicate thing, and the bare statement cabled to England that Victoria had a deficit of £140,000 would prejudicially affect the prospects of the coming rail way loan in the minds of capitalists who would have no idea how this deficit had been produced. A totally erroneous and injurious impression would have been produced by sucb an action as .that which Mr. Munro condemns the Treasurer for not taking. Buttheever-recurringinterest charge on the opening of each financial year should be wiped off at tbe first seasonable opportunity, for the money has really left the Treasury weeks before 30th June. As to Mr. Munro's other accusations, that with reference to the sale of the Kew Asylum lauds, and the votes con tingent upon it, is a triviality. The lands were not sold, and, consequently, the grants from the proceeds could not be paid over. As to the agricultural bonus vote of £233,000, which the Premier declared to be "ear-marked," Mr-. Munro accuses the Treasurer of misleading the House. Members would not have voted the bonuses had they not thought the money was in hand. It has not been spent, or rather only some £10,000 has been expended ; and when the Treasurer is asked what has become of the balance, he says it is in the Public account — but Mr. Munro cannot find it mentioned there. The Premier's explanation is simple, The very nature of the bonus proposals showed that the money could not possibly be expended for years — it will last over five at least ; and the total was specially dealt with, " ear-marked," as Mr. Gillies calls it, to prevent the vote from lapsing as an unexpended balance. Meanwhile, he does not place that money in an iron box, like a deed or security, and labelled " Agricul tural Bonuses." It has gone into the public account, and will be drawn thence as required, the bonuses being, like the judges' salaries, a first charge on the national exchequer. But ting is no£ what hon. members thought when they voted the bonuses ; and, no doubt, some of them feel aggrieved that they did not then understand the situation, and that the Treasurer did not explain it to them. But even those who feel most aggrieved about the matter cannot deduce there from the conclusion that the Esti mates for 1890-1 are not reliable, and should be; taken back and Corrected; Mr. Munro has piled up - the agony prophetically on this particular head until he sees a visionary deficit of over a million on 30th J une next ; but Iiq - must have serious ' doubts as to the accuracy of his prophetic vision since he couples the prophecy with repeated statements about " the healthy coaditioi of the colony's finances." However that may be, Mr. Munro, it seems, made his motion because he had told bis consti tuents that he would indulge in financial criticism this session. He. has fulfilled his promise ; his want of confidence motion has been rejected on the voices " and the House has lost a week of its now especially valuable time. 