A TALE OF A SHOP. Customer (to saleslady with Psyche knot)—A parcel I bought here two days ago did liot come. Saleslady (regarding lier stonily)— Cahsh 1 Customer (again)—I did not receive small parcel which— Saleslady—M r Wiggins 1 A dollar twen- I ty-five. No. liibbou counter in the next room. Customer—(once more)—A small par cel which— Saleslady—Air Wiggins ! Mr tliggins (an imposing floor-walker) —Did you wish to speak to me, Miss Flanigan '' (Customers all about look up.) Aliss Mulligan—This lady says she has | lost a parcel. Air Wiggins—Ah 1 (Takes out a note book.) Customer (turning to Mr Iliggins !)—I bought some things here a few days ago, and one small parcel failed to come. Mr Iliggins (beginning to write)— What was in the parcel r Customer—Some Japanese butter plates. * Mr Tliggins—How many r Customer (Hushing slightly)—only six. I got them with other purchases, and— Mr Iliggins (loftily)—Yes; what | price, please '■ Customer—Eighteen cents. Miss Elanigan (with ill-concealed | scorn)—T don't sell butter-plates. Customer—I bought them at the Japanese counter, and gave them to you I to be sent with other purchases. Mr Wiggins (patronizingly)—I t will be all right, inadam. Miss Elanigan can j not. of course, recall all of lior sales. (Miss Flunigait tosses her pysclie knot I with a superior uir. and viciously shoots a small metal cone through a neighbor- | ing pneumatic tube.) Mr Iliggins (to customer)—This way, please. (Marches off with a stage tread, which is a cross between that of the ghost in "Hamlet" and Irving in " The Dells.") down one aisle, up another, to a remote.' corner where a man is seated at a desk writing. Mr Wiggins (waving the lady with a magnificent gesture to the man at desk) —This gentleman will attend to you, madam. (Starts on his return trip.) Customer—I purchased some things here a few days ago, and one small parcel did not come. Man til Desk (who has continued writ ing,) looks up thoughtfully—Now, madam, what can I do for you'r (ftnsf niner repeats.) Man (strokes his chin, bikes up long note-book, and asks)—Your name, ]lease (Customer gives it.) Man—And address, please. (Customer gives it.) Man—What day did you buy the goods Customer—On Friday last. Man—What were they '■ Customer—Six Japanese butter plates. Man—Price, please. Customer—Eighteen cents (adding, apologetically:) it is a trifle, of course, but T was passing the store and thought I might as well look them up. Man (magnificently)—Certainly, ma dam ; flic house accounts for every spool of thread. (Calling.) Mr Tibbits. A.I r Tibbits—Yes, sir. Mali (handing liiiu note-book)—Go with this lady to the Japanese counter, and find the saleslady who sold these goods. Customer—But I took them from that counter and gave tlicin to the young woman in the umbrella department. .Mali (with an air of explanaloi-y patience)—We have to trace from the beginning, madam. (Customer goes ofF with Air Tibbits.) Air Til>l>its ( at Japanese counter, to customer)—Do you pereliauee recall wliieli saleslady waited upon you 'i (Other customers look up.) Customer (very tired)—That yoiuig woman there. Air Tibbits—Aliss Burke. Aliss Burke (glaringly)—Yes. Air Tibbits—Did you sell six butter plates at three cents to Airs A. B. C. Blank. West. Eorty-Fourtli-strect, on Friday last, the eighteenth !' Aliss Burke (looking over clicck-book) —I sold six butter-plates ; goods de livered. Customer (wearily)—I told you so. Air Tibbits—Very, good, madam ; we liave made a start, you see. Your num ber please, Aliss Burke. (Aliss Burke gives it.) Air Tibbits—At what counter did you leave the parcel 'i Customer—The umbrella counter. Air Tibbits—All, wc will go there, please. (They go.) Mr Tibbits—Do you sec the saleslady who waited upon you : Customer—That young person there. Air Tibbits—All! Aliss Elanigan, please refer to your check-book and see if you received a parcel containing six butter plates, at three cents eacli, to be sent ] with other goods to Airs A. B. C. Blank, AYost Forty-Fourth Street. Aliss Flmiigan (carelessly jabbing a pencil into her Psyche knot)—Oh, I think I took it. Customer (quietly)—I am certain she did. I remember distinctly noticing her diamond-pin and emerald finger rings. (Sensation among salesladies; sur- I rounding shoppers look up, wondering at customer's temerity.) Air Tibbits—Oil, certainly, madam, | Aliss Flanigan recalls taking tlie parcel. Your number, please, Aliss Flanigan. Thanks. That is all, madam, I believe. | It will not be necessary to detain you. I have the matter fully in hand now. (Customer thinks it possible, and wearily leaves tlie store.) y.I).—The butter-plates never came.— Jlarjfi-r's Bazar. Increasing age unci infirmities arc •neatly altering the once jovial character of the "Prince of Wales. He is said to feel greatly the disappearance one hy one of all thepcrsonal friends and companions of his early years, some to untimely gravos and others into the dark abysses of dis honor ten thousand times more terrible. An Austrian officer, of the name of Pedra govics, has constructed a now ropcating-riflo of small calibre, said to bo superior to any in vention of the kind hitherto made. Its con struction is similar to that of the klanuliclier gun, but it is very much more simple in its details. It is said that the Italian Govern ment have determined to adopt this weapon for the Army, and that 200,000 of the rifles are to bo constructed as soon as possible. 