AWAKENED. By Mas. S. S. Aldbich. Such a pretty home it was—an old farm house, partially modernised, with a big bay window, broad piazza, and sunny verandas, and an old-fashioned porch at the back over wliich the morning glories clambered. The wide green lawn in front sloped down to a graded village street not ten minutes' walk from u large summer hoteL But back of" the house acres and acres of rich, level farm land stretched away, where sleek cattle fed. and where big barns waited for the luxuriant crops of hay and grain that filled the wide mows when the haying season was over. Clyde Grange was considered the finest farm in all the country round, and when the young master, Willis Clyde, five years before, brought to it his pretty wife, Milly, people said she was a fortunate woman. But Milly in her lovely home, was not entirely happy. She was young and some thing of a dreamer, and still had that old fasliioned notion that husbands ought to be lovers. And Will, though he had been an ardent lover, soon settled down after his marriage to his farm and its duties in a very prosaic way. Pretty brown-haired Milly! How lovely, how dainty she was, witli her pink and white face and her dove-like eyes! And though so young, she was a most capable housekeeper, and the kindest mistress in the world, as Aunt Dolly, the cook, and Rora, the stout Irish housemaid, could both testify. Every room in the rambling old house was tastefully arranged, and in immaculate order. She made charming toilets, too, for Will bought her beautiful clothes. "But, oh, dear! ' 6he thought so often, with tears in her pretty eyes, " what is- the use of changing my dress at all except for my own pleasure ? Will would never know whether I wore a satin or a faded calico gown." He had bought for her own exclusive use a gentle pony and a pretty dog-cart; and though he was never too busy to harness it for her, the careless way he would toss her the lines afterward made Milly remember, though Will forgot, that the happiness of life, to one woman at least, was made up of little things. _ Delightful afternoon teas she gave, some times _ indoors, sometimes on the'wide, beautiful lawn. And they were always largely attended, for pretty Mrs. Clyde had hosts of friends at the big hotel and about the village. Other people were not un mindful of her charms if her husband was. And when sometimes at their tennis or cro quet Will passed through the yard on his way to the house or field—Will, with his broad, handsome shoulders and drooping black moustache—and carelessly touched his hat to the players, for he knew them all, the tell-tale flush on ifilly's cheek, and the sparkle in her soft eyes, showed how proud she was of her farmer husband, Willis Clyde was a handsome man, hand somer far than even aristocratic Real Rivers, with liis six feet of stature, his blonde moustache, and laughing blue eyes that could look so steely, bitterly sarcastic. He and his mother and his Cousin Clare were summering at the hoteL They came early in June when Real was just recovering from a fever, and looked very much like a long limbed ghost. Long ago he had grown brown and strong, but he still lingered, though July had gone, and the fiery mouthed tiger lilies had opened their eyes to the blazing August sunshine. It was the day for Longmead picnic; a slumbrous August day, almost sulphurous with intense heat. The long, dusty road stretched away like a winding white ser pent between the green hedges, making even the thought of cool, shadowy wood lands a delight on such a morning. They started at ten o'clock; Milly, who could not coax Will to go with her, riding with the others in a large van. Real Rivers drove his Cousin Clare and Madge Winters over in his buggy. How glorious the woods were after that dusty three miles' drive! They were soon scattered about in the shady grove, looking like tropical birds. Swings flashed through the air, with their merry burdens; long tables were spread between the trees, and far back in some cool retreat a band played dreamily. Milly enjoyed it all, but she was ab stracted and more than usually quiet. Will could not come with her, and of late she found herself wondering if it was quite the tiling for her to go so much without liim. Real Rivers was always with her; why, she told herself, she really saw more of him in a week than she saw of her husband. That surely was wrong. But why did he mon opolise her so, when he knew she had a husband ? Perhaps, and she caught her breath quickly, he was flirting with her, as Madge told him the other day he did flirt with every girl, adding that he ought to get a wife and stop such nonsense. And though he laughed, his face flushed as he said rather impatiently,— " If that is my only safeguard, the chances are that I may flirt all my life, for I shall never have a wife." He had a pleasant way of doing things, and she had enjoyed his attentions so much at first, as if he had been her brother; but now, now she was suspicious of everything, and flushed and paled if she caught his eyes quite unlike herself. And Madge told him " He was like a restless ghost, and could not keep quiet long enough to enjoy j himself or let anybody else do so." After the delicious dinner, Real proposed that Madge and Milly should row with him across the lake hack of the grove, to a little ! island where some rare ferns grew among j the rocks. At first Milly declined, but Madge persisted so earnestly that she reluc tantly consented. As it was cooler now, and quite a breeze was blowing, they had a merry, pleasant row. When the boat's keel touched the shore, and Mr. Rivers wa^ already landed, Madge, who was always a careless maiden, found to her dismay that she had lost one of the beautiful bracelets her father had given her only a short time before. " Oh," she moaned, " I must go right hack and look for it. You go ashore with Mr. Rivers, Milly, and when I find it I will come directly back to you. Don't go for the ferns until 1 come, for I want to go too." " Oh, no, Madge," Milly said, sturdily. " I am going back to help you find your brace- j let." | " What foolishness, with all that crowd j of people to help me, Milly! Please get out—the man can row so much faster with out you." But Milly still hesitated. She did not want to go ashore with Mr. Rivers, and her face showed it plainly. " Come," he said, in that masterful way he had, holding out his hand to help her, " Come, little Puritan,"addingwith aslightly sarcastic laugh, "there are no bears on the island to devour us while Madge is gone, so do not fear. I have been here before and know every foot of it." And as he saw her vexed, flushed face he laughed again, but she gave him her hand and stepped ashore. They went a little way up the bank, to where a large maple threw its cool shadows, and after Mr. Rivers had arranged Milly's shawl over the stones so as to make a com fortable seat, he threw himself on the grass beside her, fanning himself with his straw hat. They sat thus a good while, not talk ing much, watching the heat quiver across the lake like molten silver. For the breeze had gone down again, and again that sulphurous heat was everywhere. Light clouds obscured the sun, now and then, and in the west huge "thunder-heads" idled themselves up. But they took no notice that a shower •was coming, one of those sudden downpours that only come in the lurkl heat of dog days. It was two hours by Mr. Rivers' watch, and still no Madge, 110 boat. " That careless girl lias probably forgotten all -about us," lie said, rising. The sun was obscured by Ibis time, and there was a low moaning of wind through the leaves. He looked about hastily, taking in the situation at a glance. Ilow could he have been so careless as to take no heed that a shower was coming ? I or even as he looked there was a Hash and the first mufiled roll of thunder. How white Milly's face grew! Ever since she could remember, she had been frantically afraid in a thunder shower. Even in the safe shelter of her home she sometimes nearly fainted with fright, and now— "To the boat-house, quick! It is our only shelter," he said, hastily taking her hand. They reached it just as the first wild torrent of rain dashed down. He made the clumsy door fast, and then went back to where she was standing—for there was nothing to sit down upon but the floor. She put out lier hands and caught his arm, hiding her eyes agaiust his sleeve. As he saw how white she was he drew his own breath hard, put liis other arm around her, and let her lean there. Afterward, when the ocean rolled be tween them, the memory of that pure, trusting, girlish face against his arm was like a shield about him, the whisper of a " peace, be still," to his storm-tossed soul. It grew very dark in the boat-house, lighted only by two small windows at either end; one could scarcely see the length of it. The lightning was appalling, the thunder terrific, and the rain beat and. blurred against the windows—and so they waited. Sometimes, when her clasping fingers tightened or she moaned a little as a louder crash shook their frail refuge, he brushed her hair soothingly, and told her not to tremble so; the worst of it must soon he over, and tbey^puld go out again. When at last it was over, the boat came back for them.' They crossed in safety, and were soon with the others in the over crowded little cottage near tlie grove, where they had taken refuge. Milly looked pale and ill from her fright, and Neal was so quiet that Madge told him he " appeared to have fallen upon peace by the wayside, for his restlessness of the morning was all gone. The carriages came at last, the large van, and Wilson, the coachman, with Mr. Rivers' horse and buggy. "Madge," Neal said in his authoritative manner, as lie .came into the hall," you will ride in the van, and Milly must go in the buggy with Clare; she is tired." "Nobody else is, I suppose," Madge answered in a vexed tone. " Milly is made of better flesh and blood than the rest of us." " I know that," he said," so you are going in the van with me, and Wilson will drive Clare and Milly in the buggy." And though Milly did not wish it she was too tired to argue the point, and he had his way. . Next day she had a nervous fieadaehe,;. and kept her room until nearly night. The girls came to see her, Madge chattering like a magpie, and pitied her, because her head ached, and told her how " wretchedly dull it had been all day with Neal also sick, or if lie was not sick he was cross and stupid, and'had lounged on the piazza all day, not even reading. At night she crept downstairs into tlia parlour, when Will-came in to read his japer, and sat down near him leaning her head on his knee. She wanted to tell him of her stay, in the -boat-house with Mr. Riversybecause she ! thought she ought to, and he had evidently been much worried about her yesterday, knowing how timid she was in a shower— But after he found out there was a house, near by where they took refuge, he said no more. So she began at once giving him the outline of the story rapidly and in a low tone; the row, the lost bracelet, the shower, and her stay in the boat-house with Mr. Rivers while it lasted. Wheu she had finished, she waited with burning cheeks for him to' scold her. But Will, who to do liim credit, had not heard ten words of what she was saying, nothing but a confused jumble of a boat-house, and ferns, and Madge, said irritably,— " How persistent you are, Milly! What do I care for those people and their small happenings? Enjoy yourself with them if you like, but don't expect me to be interested. I want to read now." Vexed and sorrowing she cried herself to sleep wondering why Will did not care about such a thing as that. She sat in the cool porch the next.morn ing shelling peas, when the girls came for her to play tennis. But Milly shook her head resolutely. " No," she said, " a housekeeper has other iVinga to do in the morning than play temus." " We shall have to send Neal for you, then," said Madge. " He charged us not to come back without you." And though Milly felt her cheeks burn, she answered,— "You need not send Mr. Rivers. Why should I go for him more than for you ? ' Why, indeed? But ten minutes later ho sauntered lazily up the walk, put his laugh ing face in at the door, and said gaily,-— "Come Milly, we want you. Don 6 refuse—we shall be all going in a ' few weeks, you know, and then you can shell peas all winter." , As she ran upstairs to brush her hair and get ready, she thought,— "What is the use? I may as weU go, for as he says, they will soon be gone, all of them, and then I can do penance, and— and—Will doesn't care." After that she never refused to go with her friends anywhere. She walked, rode, went sailing, played games, went to the hops at the hotel to watch the dancers, in short, drifted whichever way the wave carried her; because they wanted her, and because " Will didn't care 1" The night was full of moonlight and the soft chirp of crickets. It was the last hop of the season. To-morrow many were going home, among them Neal Rivers and his mother and Cousin Clare, to sail for Europe. , , . Madge was disconsolate. As she passed Neal on the piazza, he caught her arm. " Hasn't Milly come yet ? he said ex citedlv. . . wNo," she answered, "I am going now to see why." . "Here, give her tins.' He scrawled a few words on the back of one of his cards, in the moonlight:— "Come back with Madge. You must say good-by. ^EAL Sooner than he thought possible they came. He stood on the hotel steps waiting for them, his hands crowded into his | pockets, his face horribly pale in tlie moon light as he looked down upon her face. ! " Were yon not coming ? " " No," wearily. Then he put her hand on his arm, ana thev walked slowly down the yard into the moonlit garden. Suddenly he turned her about and looked into the piteous white " Little wild bird, your heart is stricken, too, because we must be parted and mine, 1 oh. Heaven, mine is breaking! "Say good-by, and let me go, she I Paffisliand trembled; he gnawed liismous I tache fiercely. (1 r "Milly, I love yon, pleadingly. «o with me over the ocean. You must—you shall! I cannot go without you 1 I never wanted any other woman for my wile—1 will never have any other. With you I can he a good man, without you 1 shad drift to Hades! Come, come, my darling. He will not care—he is hard and cold, in a week he will forget he ever had you. in your two small hands you hold my fate— Milly, little brown-haired Mdly '. . " Millv—little brown-haired Milly! just what Will had said, with his arms about her, so long ago, in another moonlit garden filled with the soft hum oj. crickets. Uvcr and over the words rang themselves in her ea"SI am a plain man, not given to many words, but I love you, Milly, darling, lit o brown-haired Milly'. ' , „f And woven in somehow with ^ ^ moonlight and the hnminmg cnckets u ere those other words in letters of fire : What therefore God hath joined together, let not "'SrSn path she fled like a across1 the bed in her own room, and f ainteJ dGTwoAdM:s later, when she crept down * tiip morning sunlight, witli her Strs ad^mC>iIl, waiting at the foot,' held out his arms and clasped her to liim) awakened at last. 