TRAVEL, VAMBERY IN PERSIA. \- FEW stories of travel are more interest ing than those which Arminius Vambdry has to tell of his disguised wanderings through Central Asia. Himself a Iun garian, but possessing an exceptional know ledge of the language and customs of the people among whom he pursued his in quiries, he so cleverly distinguished himself as for months to pass for a genuine Dervish when detection would have been certain death. In this way ie manasged to penetrate regions never before visited by a European, and acquired information that has proved of the greatest value and interest. Having reached Teheran, he joined a caravan of pilgrims on their way to Isfahan, they reach a spacious caravanserai in the village of Kenaregird. Here, lie says, the rich put themselves into the hands of their servants to get their persons rubbed and their limbs stretched out, and hardly Iras one recovered breath from the hardships of the last station when breakfast is ready and after it, each betakes himself to rest. We commonly travel at night and rest in the midhours of the day. About an hour be fore setting out supper ii eaten. Dervishes have a much easier part than many travellers. Arrived at the station, the Dervish, without troubling himself about anything, gives himself up to rest; and wlhen the smoke of the kettle announces supper, lie takes his keschkul (a vessel formed of a cocoa-nut) on his arm, and with a powerful "jahu! jahllaklh!" and with an assurance that is really wonderful, approaches each separate group. Each gives him a portion. After lie has termi nated his round he mixes all together, and he is safe to have secured, if not a sumptuous, at least a plentiful supper. " He has no provision with him, cooks nothing, and yet lie has enough," say the Orientals, "for Iris kitchen is furnished by God." From Kenaregird our second station was through the desert. It is a long tongue of land of Deshti Kuvir, of which the southern borders reach nearly to Kum. In the midst of it is the station IIauz-i-Sultan (the reservoir of the Sultan), which consists of a large caravanserai, to which a subter raneous acqueduct is conveyed. When we had quitted kenaregird, and had travelled about an hour in the desert, the waste region was suddenly lighted up by moonshine, and grew more and more romantic. The stillness of night, which in the great desert seems redoubled, affects the traveller inexpressibly. The anticipa tion that I was yet to travel through the still greater desert of Central Asia, led the eye to delight itself all the more with the wonderful spectacle. Nowhere in the dusky horizon does the eye meet a point of rest; only here and there the columns of sand rise high. towards heaven, tossed up by the'wind. They dance from one spot to another, like mighty ghosts; and it is con ceivable enough to me that fearful souls would look upon them as phantoms Iashed by furies. My fellow-traveller seemed to be one of the latter class, for lie wrapped himself up in his burnous, thrust himself into the innermost part of the caravan, and did not venture even to look out on the desert around him. It was towards midnight, when we heard from the distance a monotonous ring of bells, and, ias I soon learned, this was fronl a large caravan which had set out an hour before us. We redoubled our steps in order to overtake it; but hardly had we advanced ia hundred paces, when an insupportable smell began to oppress us. The IPersians knew at once the cause of it. We moved faster, but the stench grew stronger and stronger, and when, influenced by curiosity, I inquired about it, I got for answer that this was a caravan of the dead. A caravan of the dead, I thought, that is singular; " OUT WID UT," SEZ I, "OR I'LL LAVE NO BONE AV YOU UNBREAKABLF ~ and I hurried to my neighbour to get an explanation. Ine called out to me, " Go on, go on," and after a powerful spurring of his little ass, already hard enough pressed, he came up to me as I was joining the afore said caravan, which consisted of about forty horses and mules, laden with collins, and accompanied by three mounted Arabs. Everybody strove hard to reach it, in order to get past it as soon as possible. I shall never forget the sight that met my eyes when I came up with one of the riders. IIis nose and mouth were covered, his yellow face showed yet more ghastly by the moon light. In spite of the unenduriable stench, I could not help asking him some ques tions. The Arab told me that lie had already convoyed these dead ten days, and had to conduct them for twenty days more before lie could reach Kerbela, the spot where thesep piols persons, who had died for the love of Imam IIussein, were per mitted to be buried. This custom is general in all Persia; and whenever meaps permit, they order themselves to be transported from the distant ihorassan to Kerbela, to be placed in the same earth in which the beloved Imiin Hussein rests. When we had left the caravan of the dead with its choking odour far behind us, I turned to take a glance at this weird pro cession. The beasts, laden with the long collins, buried their heads deep in their necks ; the riders occupied themselves with urging the horses on with hollow cry. Such a sight, in whatever neighhbourhood, would be gloomy enough, but in the centre of the desert it was somethingindescribably mournful. The corpses often became umangled in a frightful fashion in their (supposed) spot of eternal rest; yet the 'ersians have thought fit to maintain this custom for six hundred years. For whoever comes to Kierbela has the sweet hope of finding himself on the day of the Resurrec tion in the immediate neighbourhood of the holy martyr, and from hence, under his conduct, of passing to tihe ever-green plains of Paradise. We reached IHauz-i-Sultan just at the rise of the morning star, but nothing of great importance befel us there. Early next morning Kumn appeared in the dis tance with its many green cupolas, the rich gilded one lightened by the rays of the rising sun. It is the holy town of the Persian ladies. Here rests Fatima, the sister of Innan Riza, who, out of tender feeling to her brother, at that time dwelling in Mesched, undertook a journey from Bagdad. The high lady could not reach the goal of her wishes, for she fell ill in Kum, died, and lies buried with a company of 444, all of them saints. This town, like Kerbela, is a favourite burial-place of pious Persian women, who, from all parts of the kingdom order themselves to be carried hither. Kum is very poor in buildings, but, in spite of this, in the olden time it was a famous town. The neighbourhood is de scribed as clothed with luxuriant verdure, thanks to a good aqueduct, which conveys water hither from the adjacent hills. The water, however, when drawn in the open air, smacks somewhat of salt, but this taste it loses entirely in the well. When I askedl a Persian about this circumstance, he told me that an Arabian, who had come hither with the holy Fatima, gave the State in structions how to prepare a mixture of clay, with which, if all springs and basins are smeared, the salt taste will be taken away from the water little by little. When, after a tolerably long excursion in the town and neighbourhood, I came in the evening to the caravanserai, I found in a corner some poorly clad people, who, by their shy and timid look, indicated Persian origin. I went up to them, and thought I would enter into conversation with them, when one of my follow- travellers called out to me, "Effendli, what are you about? You have been to- day on a pilgrimage, and now you wish to pollute yourself with this unclean Jew!" Jew, thought I, then the Persian may cry out as long as lihe likes. The.poor children of Israel noted my.kind ness to them, and many of them came out of their cells. They surrounded me in due form, and told me, all the while looking round them timorously, that they were tl:at day (Friday) preparing their food for to-morrow, which was Sabbath, for they were not permitted to do anytlhing that required labour on that day. One of the elders could not forbear telling me, with tears in his eyes, of the oppression the Jews suffered at the hands of the Persians, andt with joyous glance lie looked around as lie described to me, the supposed Osmanli, the mildness of the Sultan's rule. lie could not find words sufliciently expressive with which to bless the Sultan. The poor Israelite had no idea that, in that particular the moving spring of the noble action was western enlightenment alone. After two days we quitted Kum, and went a four hours' ride on a desolate route, to the village of Lenkuan. The caravan eoncamped in time village itself, but I moved forward to a garden in the vicinity to spend the day. In the midst of the garden is the little chapel of an Imamzade (ilescendant of an Iman). The graves of this lknan are vory numerous in Persia, and it is certain that hardly a tenth of thoim are still honoured. And no wonder, for each village, be it ever so little, must have its saint. They improvise one, invent a legend and build a chapel on the bones of some famous hero. 'IThis is immediately decorated with green tiles. Gren is the colour.with which the holy posterity clothe the head during life. Gireen therefore the House of the Graves must be. As I was resting comfortably in the shade of the trees, the gravedigger approached. Mfarvellous stories did lie tell of the dead saint's power. "Only yesterday," said he, "a Persiln khan, who rested in this same place, and in' a drunken condition, wished to betake himself afterwards to the interior, when lie sunk down, suddenly struck by paralysis. " Ay, Effendi," he continued, " one must not sport with a saint." Ilis look was full of gravity as he related the tale, yet he very soon made ine understand that he expected a few pence, and when I handed them to him, lie immediately went away. Our resting-place in Kuhrud, a little village of three hundred houses, was extremely delightful. The caravan was encamped opposite the Tschaparchane (post-oflice), which, as everywhere in Persia, consists of a one-storied hiilding,of which the upper story is, neverthel+s,. only used as a chamber for distinguished tra vellers. After I had drunk tea in the gay company of my fellow-travellers, I took a little stroll in the village and sought out the post-office, in the upper guest chamber of which may attention was directed to a striking number of pencilled scrawls in a European language. In a corner I read a French quatrain, written by a fiery sop of Gaul, who, after a fatiguiing ridle, had stopped to rest here a few minutes. lie described his home sorrow with words full of woe, and induluged bitterest wrath at disappointments arising from the poetical discriptions of Persia. Not far thence on the walls, I discovered some pointed long shanked characters, in which a brave Teiuton wished to immortalise himself; and what do you suppose, dear render, lie had written on the wall ? a critique on the four verses of the Frenclhmuan-and i pretty sharp one, too. The poor honest German ! The worn-out Persian posters had shaken his bones to pieces. He wished to repose, and had not time enough to leave behind him an evi dence of the well-known solid iliformation of his fatherland. From Kuhrud the road leads up hill and then bends down in pretty abrupt slopes to the plains on the other side. The village of Sof is the nearest station. A large plart of our jourr.ey lying over the hilly neighbour hood, the early morn "yas not" only cool, but cold and frosty. The travellers stopped here and there, and gathered heaps of bute, a kind of resinous shrub, which burns even in green condition, but when dried turns to a crackling flame. As by chance we stood that morning before a fire of this kind, we heard behind its a loud quarrelling, and with this mingled wild shrieks. Trying to listen, reports of fire-arms, accompanied by a wild howl, alarmed the caravan. All ran to the snot whence the shots came, and we found one of our travellers lying on the earth with his arm broken. The circumstances were these :--Some horsemen who carried the yearly tribute from Shiraz to Teheran on the part of the Governor, had remarked the Jewish mor chants, who joined us in Kuhrud; they mocked them first, but afterwards followed their words with blows. A l'ersian, who from pity for his offended fellow-travellers wished them to receive no injury, attacked the saucy Shirazi with sharp remarks. A young hot-headed fellow hereupon got angry, and threatened; and as our peolle had made a few steps in advance, lie wished, for an innocent joke as he said, to perforate with a ball the fur cap of a Jew. lie shot but Allah took care of the children of Abraham, andl instead of a Jew's cap the ball pierced the arm of a Persian. The sight of him lying in his blood roused our whole party, and though the miscreant galloped off is fast as his horse could carry him, he was caught, anti beaten, spit on and insulted, and then brought hound without any commiseration into the midst of the caravan. The Shirazi, half dead from his beating, and the Isfahani from his wounds, were incapable of riding or walk ing. They were both placed in baskets on a mule, and after half an hour were found in familiar converse with each other. In Oriental notions no blame is imputed to either party for such an accident. Fate has willed it so, and each person contents himself. At the point where the hill ended lies the way to Isfahan, not yet a good road according to our notions, though far better than found elsewhere. After Sof, our last station before we reached the former capital of the Sefevi, was a village named Murtschechar. Here the country magistrate in connection with the Governor of Shiraz, attempted to free the culprit. The caravan, however, checked him steadily, and next morning sot out on their way to deliver the delinquent into the hands of justice in Isfahan. When, on the morning of the 31st of September, I found myself on the road which was to lbring me direct into the former splendid capital of Abbas the Great, in spite of all early reading on the decline, the poverty, and the ruined masses of Isfahan, I could not suppress my increasing curiosity. Almost three hours before you approach Isfahan you can discover traces of its ancient greatness, among which the Caravanserai Maderi Shah (the Caravanserai of the Mother of the Shah) is the most remarkable. It was incontestably in its day the most splendlid building of its kind. As thie town in thu early autumn morning was covered with a kind of mist, I could only see a few ruinous minarets right and left, and high round towers, which served for a sojourn for doves. It is reminrkbalo that these same birds are found in the neighbourhood of Iferat, Nhischabur, and other towns, proving that it was a custom in Central Asia to build such splendid dovecotes out of town for these favourite birds. At last the mist cleared away, and I at once got sight of the city of Isfahan in its gigantic circuit. The Persian, but especially the Isfahani, when he speaks of the greatness of his native town, always cries out, " If Lahore alid not had birth, - Isfahan were half the aertl." Isfahan is half the world were it not for Lahore, which means Isfahan is the largest town in the world after Lahore. To indi cate the circumference of tilhe town, the Persians strite that a good rider could not ride round it in two days. This is probably sixteen to twent. fassargs; yet the city wall itself, in its blooming perod when the French traveller Chanrdin saw it, was only six German miles in circumference, anl when we take in the detached houses with spacious gardens which stretch beyond the town, the statement of the P'erslln is but Oriental, or wihat we call exaggerated. Still, Isfahan as it presents itself first to the eyes of travellem, is really imposing. Irom the east to the west there is an end less chain of buildings and gardens, among which cupolas, towers, andi other high buildings are visible. Thle view seems illimitable. "Nothing," says Malcolm, "can exceed the fertility anid hlauty of the country in the vyicinity of Isfahan, and the fir~lt nvew of the city is surpassingly striking. All the eye sees enraptures ones sense. Groves, avenues, luxuriant gardens, -of these there is such an absolute over flow as hides the ruins of this once famous city. The nearer view weakens this im pression, but enough remains of former graudeur to excite great admiration.'' In the East all is beautiful, but only externally, and in thle distance. So I was not in the least surprised when on entering tihe town I found the same crooked streets, the same poor houses, the same dirt and filth and unmnended streets as in Teheran and all Persia states. To one man marriage is simply a fact of his life looked back upon with satisfaction or regret, according to thle pleasure or dit; comlit lie lias experienced in it; to aniollhr it has opened up a new wrlid l of responsi lility and duty, na well as happiness; it has invested life with a sacred trust and a priceless value, and has given a higher and nobler aim for all endeavour than could have been gained without it. 