AN American Monte Cristo. [ALL BIGHTS INSERTED.] A. BOMAlsCE: By Julian Haw^thobne. ' it .Tvill be noticed that no provision is made in the 'will for Mrg. Raven and her daughter Olympia, vrho are understood to have been distantly related to the de ceased, and to have been receiving from Mm an annual stipend of some 8000dol. This fact -will probably occasion some com ment, as it was intimated at the late trial that Mr. Trent had proposed to make Miss Trent his wif e. Possibly the desire that lie should make such a proposal was father to the statement that he had done so. Has will seems to show not only the baseless ness of the assertion, 'but that, for some reason or other, Mr. Trent intended in future to let these two ladies take care of themselves. It is to be hoped that they possess independent resources. = ' In Mr. Trent's breast pocket at the time of his death was found a letter \rritten in cipher, the purport of which was not made out. It was not produced at the trial, as the prosecution was not of the opinion that it could throw any light on the case. It is now published, however in the hope that some cipher expert may be able to elucidate it, and thus, perhaps, furnish an explanation of some of the mysterious cir cumstances that yet surround Mr. Trent's tragic end. The letter is as follow : ' ' Slmpi F. npi. C q gnl F. pil pink oghi mlhg npi. E. nikpi C, Klinh F, pion qolg C. qkin F, hqon qolg B qkng F. olmh qolg C mhgq omgk qlin B hkq F. hnpq ngino mioq S lnapi. F. oilg qolg nlqg kgii kgli C luho. F, Mogl. C okiq phno S. Irani C. omgk. F lilnni F. mlgi C hqgi B. hiq S. pkol. C q knp ol'np F, hlkp hnio B. nlo. F. oim C ngil Eikqn S. lmpi C ngil F, hqon misq F, qopg q. go C iko F. opi C. pghq mkqn B qglp G mkon F. ongl opkn C hqpna F. oinq E lnig F, hkom B imq C. ngoi. F. mpqn. knlL oih hgo F. imqg E lipg F hnoi E mkpi F, liign ikmn.' ' The paper on which this curious effu sion is written appears to be of French: manufacture.' Such was the newspaper article, some passages of which moved Keppel pain fully. Olympia, it seemed, would be re duced to want just at the time when he. was powerless to render her any assistance. The situation greatly perplexed him j if Harry Trent had told him with his own lips that he intended reserving Olympia for himself ; and he had given it out pub licly that Mrs. and Miss Raven were to live with him in his new house, yet he was married to Sally Matchin at that very time, and five days before had executed a will cutting off Olympia without even the proverbial shilling. TheTe was something odd about this ; it demanded in vestigation. The first thing to be done was to find out the real murderer of Harry Trent 5 the remainder o£ the mystery would probably resolve, itself. ' But who would find the murderer out ? Obviously, no one would concern himself about the matters unless Keppel himself did ; and certainly he was in no position to enter upon such a quest at present. He could only promise himself that he would never forget the purpose to do so, nor rest until it had been accomplished. As for the cipher., although Keppel was somewhat of an adept at cryptic writing, he soon perceived that here was a problem out of the comanon run. It did not re spond to the usual tests. Thus, of the seventeen different characters (commas and periods included) that composed it, there occurred six times or less, seven from twelve to twenty-nine times, and seven from thirty to forty \ times. Plainly i therefore, they could not be signs ? answering to letters of the alphabet: Again, the cipher con sisted of groups of four characters (neither more nor less) and of Bingle capitals. Of the four character combinational-over sixty in all-— only seven occurred more than once in the course of the composition. Of the separate capitals, F occurred twenty two takes, 0 seventeen times, B six, S five, and E four times. All this was very puzzling, and was to be elucidated, if at alii only after prolonged study, of, which Keppel's brain , at that Juiictilre, was far from being capable. Meanwhile the housemaid knocked «,t the door and sum moned Mm to breakfast. He replaced the cipher in his pocket anil went down. Afterdating heartily, ne went back to Ms loom and slept till the middle of the after noon. Tken, after dining, lie took the road again, and in the course of a couple of hours arrived at a town on the shores of Long Island Sound. On the wharf a couple of men were just preparing to put out in a cat-boat. Keppel asked them, whither they were bound. \- To Port JefferEon,' one of them an swered. 'What will you ask* for setting me across ?* inquired Keppel. ? How does a dollar strike you ?' * Done !' said Keppel, and he got on board. He had no idea why he was going to Port Jefferson ; but he felt impelled to go somewhere, and thought he would feel more secure in the comparative wilderness of Long Island than in a large town. Per haps, he might get temporary employment with some farmer, or he might find a cap tain of a fishing smack to ship him for a cruise. When he was a boy in New Eng land, he had lived near the seashore, and had learned how to sail a boat. The wind blew from the south-west, and the catboat started out on the starboard tack, headed nearly for her destination. In two hours the coast was close on board ; they ran into the harbor, and Keppel, hav ing paid his dollar, jumped ashore. It was then within an hour or so of sunset — a warra, quiet evening. He set out to walk at haphazard, and soon found himself rol lowing a narrow track through an appar ently interminable growth of small pine and oaks. Once in a while he passed a lonely farmhouse $ but though he was getting tired and hungry again, he could not make up his mind to ask for shelter. Night came on and found him still tramping onward, with woods on either hand. But as the darkness increased the path seemed to fade away and become obliterated, and^ he was soon stumbling through thick underbush. The boughs and twigs whipped his face and the briars caught his feet. Staggering forward exhausted and impatient, he felt his feet sinking in a muddy ooze, and discovered that he was on the borders of a swamp. He turned to the right and began to skirt along its borders; but again and a'gain he narrowly escaped plunging neck and ears in the treacherous morass. Frogs croaked on all sides, and mosquitoes buzzed around his head. He lost all sense of direction,, and thought only of putting one foot before the other. Often he fell, but scrambled up again and groped onward. Whichever way he turned the swamp seemed to lie in wait for him. He thought : ' It will swallow me up in the end ! And it was; for this that I escaped from the railroad wreck !' Just then he stumbled up a slope, and his feet trod on firmer ground. The bushes and trees thinned away. Looking up, he saw before him a black, rectangular mass ; he drew nearer ; it was a house. There was no light in the windows. It seemed ruinous and deserted. But it was a human hab itation, and would suffice. He passed around the corner and found the door j it yielded to his hand. He entered $ and felt his way along the partition of the . hallway to another door on the left. Pass ing in he saw a gleam of light through a crevice in front of him. In another mo ment he had crossed the floor and was standing on the threshold of an inner room. ? ' There was a low bed against the oppo site wall. At its head stood a table, on which was a lighted candle and some small bottles. The furniture of the room was wretched in the extreme, and the at mosphere foul and stifling. On the bed was stretched t^he gaunt and ghastly figure of a man, who, as Keppel appeared, raised himself with difficulty on his left elbow, and with his risrht hand levelled are volver at the intruder/The glare of Ms sunken eyes was appalling, and his hand shook so that the pistol waved from side to side. * Halt I or I shoot you £ he said, with a strong foreign accent. « Don't shoot!' cried Keppel, lifting his hand., * I mean you no harm. * I'm faint ing from fatigue and hunger. I must eat and sleep.' ? The man lowered his weapon. * Alt ! it is no ghost, then '?' he muttered, in French, and sank Tback on his plilow. - Keppel approached and looked down on him. He seemed all skin and bone ; his hair grew disorderly on his head, and the lower part of his face was covered with a three weeks' stubble of red beard. His skin was dark yellow, his lips black and parched, Keppel had never seen the yellow fever, but hp perceived that the man was dying. He had arrived at this deserted spot injtime to behold the curse of Maurice Solange fulfilled upon the |hie£ who had betrayed him. . - Keppel Darke, finding that . the red haired man was a Frenchman, spoke to him in that* language, -with. Vhich he had a tolerable familiarity. Dupoht, indeed, had lived in London, and .knew enough English .to make himself understood. But in his present desperate condition Ms thoughts inevitably expressed themselves in liis mother tongue 5 and much of the time he was probably- not aware of what he was saying. He had been ill four days,' the seeds of the fever contracted on board the ship, liaving broke'n out; two or three w,eeks later. Delirium occasionally overcame jaim, and&e; wpuld -triiitter things that 'he fancied he was keeping locked in Ids 'lieart. / ? 'Are you alone i.ere?' asked Keppel. ' Have you no pnysician?' * No, no,* replied the other. * I shall soon foe -well, I need »o one. T&ho; e(ent you here ?' * Who are you ? I am only a poor man, Have you seen Maurice ? Bah 1 he is dead. You can't deceive me. I have done him no harm. I buried him — the captain and I. He cannot come back.' 1 What is your disease ?' Keppel asked. ' They all had it— all but tlie captain and: me. 1 had seen yellow fever before $ I was not afraid. I shall get well ; I am not going to die with all these millions — I am a poor man j I have wandered tip here 5 I am looking for work. Maurice — he fol lows me every where. What difference can it make to him. what I do with the treasure ? A dead man has other things to think about. The emperor has enough without this. ' What is he but a robber? He stole them ; I have as much right to them as he.' HiB voice sank in unintelligi ble mutteirings. ' Wnat does all this mean ?' said Keppel to himself. * Treasure — the Emperor — a dead man — robbery! He haB murdered somebody, probably. And he has yellow fever. He'll die of it, too ; and I may catch it myself. No matter j here I am, and here I stay, for to-night at least. I can't go any farther 5 and I can't leave a dying man either, even if he is a mur derer. I have a special sympathy for murderers, I suppose. At any rate, I am as much of a vagabond and desperado as he is. This is a poor place to die in ; but he will be better off: with me here than he would be alone. Though he doesa't seem very hospitable, I'll make myself at home.' He raised the head of the sick man, smoothed out his pillow and rearranged the bedclothes. As he was stooping t» tuck the blanket under the mattress he felt some thing cold touch his forehead ; and, lifting his head quickly, confronted the muzzle of the revolver within an inch of his mouth. The sick man's finger was upon the trigger, and his features were .twisted rat* a hideous look of terror and malevolence. Keppel had the instinct to remain perfectly still, with his gaze fixed upon the other. '* You thought you could rob me,' said Dupont, between Ms teeth. * I'm not to be robbed while I'm alive, and you shall die first.^ I know you — accursed spy.' His long yellow finger had begun to contract to pull the trigger. Keppel's lips grew wMte ; death looked ugly. Suddenly a startling change swept over Dupontfs vis- ; age. His red eyebrows lifted in a Btrange stare, Ms eyeballs protruded, and Ms black lips curled back from his teeth. But Ms eyes were directed no longer upon Keppel, but to the farther corner of the room. The next instant he had pointed the revolver in that direction and fired over Keppel's shoul der, almost deafening Mm. He then dropped the weapon and sank back scream ing, with his hands over Ms face. Keppel secured the revolver, and then looked round. There was no third person in the room. The bullet had passed through a wainscot panel. * What the devil were you shooting at ?' he demanded sternly. * A bullet won't kill Mm,' quavered the man 5 * he can die but once. But he comes —he is always here. It's the treasure he wants. What can a dead man do with treasure!' '.Your dead man has saved my life, at all events,' muttered Keppel, ' and I'm obliged to him for it. As for you — well? You will never harm anyone again. This ia an ugly night ; I wish it were over. And what of to-morrow ?' He found another candle, lit it, and, having put the revolver in Ms pocket, set out to explore the house. There was scarcely anytMng in i% except the bare rooms ; but in a closet in the kitchen he found some loaves of bread, almost as hard as stone. He soaked it in water, and ate some or it. He brought a glass of water for the sick man, who drank it eagerly. * That's good !' the poor wretch, said. * I shall get well.' *I don't think you will get well/ re tnrned Keppel. * You look to me like, a dying man, and you had better realise it. I know nothing about the treatment of yellow fever, and it's no use trying to find, a doctor to-night. If you Care alive 'to-- morrow, I'll go for one. Meanwhile, if there is anything you want done, in case you do die, you had better let me iriow'it now.' (to be convinced. 