GOOD WISHES. The bestowal of good wishes by every body- on everybody else during the charmpd week which intervenes be tween Chris traas and New -Year's day is one speciality of the season more characteristic even — perhaps more uni versal — than the consumption of the inevitable plum-pudding, xnere are many different ways of conveying good wishes, substantial and unsubstantial. Nobody will dispute the value of a wish when it is father, not to a thought, but to a silver spoon. But there are various methods of expressing one's friendly sentiments apart from these material guarantees of their sincerity. In Belgium, for instance, it is the custom of everyone to make the round of his acquaintances either on New Year's Day or some day soon after, and personally, assure them, ? -if , at home, of his distinguished considera tion. This unintermitting succession of morning calls, which in fact extend from morn to dewy eve, must become, one would think, a little wearisome to both host and visitor. At New York a similar usage prevails, but the matter is compromised by leaving cards or photographs, so that a man's popu larity may be measured by the number of his New Year's cards, as a university school boy,'s popularity is tested by the number -?f his leaving books. The exuberance of Russian sympathy on I these ffetjvc occasions can find no ^|a^^B|nt but in a warm embrace ; l^^^^^^^^ard of a sturdy ^gjisb ^^^^^^^^kul to be emnHU ^^^^^^^^^^^^^Huonstruc^^^^^^H roally genuine from their want of elaborate ' finish' .or gnnerojts ' gusUi'j But for both alike tlie general question: suggests itself, wjmt is the origin and what is the meaning of the custom ? Society may be roughly divided into the prosperous and the unfortunate classes. We do not mean simply the rich and poor, but those whose life-has on the whole been a success, and those the beginning of a new year, whether of one's own life or of the life of the world, cannot but have a peculiar significance for both classes of persons. It is something like the sensation of passing a milestone, which is pleasant or the reverse according to the satisfac tion one is able to take in what has already been accomplished' in the earlier stages of the journey. Children enjoy birthdays, for they have no regrets in the past, and the ' long long thoughts' of boyhood paint a rose-coloured., future radient with unchequered hopes. And to pros perous men in later life birthdays are an agreeable souvenir of past successes, and an augury of equal or greater results to be realised in .years to com'e Ta them birthday greetings, or New Year's greeting for that matter, come natural enough, though they have such an jnexbauStiWe ' f iin'65 of satisfaction in themselves .that, they hardly need them. But to those .whose memory as darkened whether by- the faults or misfortunes of their previous career, and who have little to look to in the future, it is not altogether pleasant to' be reminded that another year is taken from the earn of life, and that they are nparer the end without being nearer nie aroaiomeat oi any aenmte aim. In their ear the conventional con gratulations sound almost like an insult, and do but force them to remember what they would prefer, if possible, not to think about at all. To a man whose life is saddened or perplexed the good wishes of a merry Christmas, or of ' many happy returns ot what to him is a barren anniversary, serve only to recall the ghosts of shattered hopes and departed joys. His wishes, so far as he wishes to have any, might be rudely summed up in the old nursery- rhyme : — ' I wish,' said Dick, ' but wiMag's vain, I had my pudding back again.' But having long left the nursery, he is painfully conscious that the cake which has once been eaten cannot be eaten again. So that it really seems almost to come to this — that the good wishes of the season are only welcome to those who would scarcely miss them if withheld. To them that have, some thing is given, which they accept, but do not need ; from them that have not, something is taken away by depriving them. of the poor consolation of trying to forget the poverty of their lives. Really there does seem to be ground for suspecting that in a very large pro portion of instances such greetings are either a mockery or a superfluity. But it does not follow from tliis that the custom is a bad one in itself, or that it would be better to drop it. - Words, it is true, break no bones, and, as the queen of the crocodiles justly reflected, mend none of the eggs that are broken. Yet kind words have their uses when they are kindly meant, and even the Christmas and new year's congratula tions of a casual acquaintance need not be insincere. We are so dependant in a thousand way* on one another, and there is so inuch to make every one think only of himself, that it is something to be obliged once a year to put on at least the appearance of geniality. Bishop Sparrow tells us that the old salutation in the church service, ' the Lord be with you,' with the response of the congregation, was designed to keep up a friendly feeling between priest and people. Our periodical exchange of mutual good wishes must have had an analogous origin. How far it fulfils its purpose depends very much on the cordiality of those who observe the form ; and for this reason, if for no other, we much prefer the old-fashioned greeting of 'A merry Christmas and happy new year' to the frigid inanity of the ' compliments of the season.' Parliament. — Parliament w*s pro rogued by proclamation on Saturday until February 3 next. A Distinguished Visitor. — Mr. John Bae, formerly Onder- Secretary for Public Works and Commissioner for Railways, arrived at Broughtonsworth on Wednesday morning, where he is the guest of Mr. A . E. Middle ton, J.P., of whose family he is an o!J and valued friend. Ho will visit thu Wallah and other mines in the district during his stay. There have been few 'more worthy hiiih public servants than Mr. Rae ; and his literary and artistic merits have long ago been recognised here and in the old country in a degree seldom given tn others than labourers in litera-' tu re and art. It has .been our privilege to be'.'pfhionally acquainted, with Mr. Rae many years ago ; and. we are pleased tn see that he is in appearance . the aauie ' grand' old man' — in manners and ways, he will ever be a gentleman. And, by the way, speaking of Mr. Rae brings- to memory the stale'of politics in New South Wales when, we first met that gentleman. - Healthy *nd noble they were then : what are they now ? EtUKBowA Poblic School.— A distribu tion of prizes in connection with tho Burrowa Public School took place on the Ia«t of the school days before the Christmas holidays. It was known that a concert had been held for the purpose of augmenting the prize fund, but few were aware that these prizes were to be awarded at the Christmas vacation. A number at ladies were present, and Mr. M. W. Sums (chairman of the School ijoard), made the presentation to the prize winners. Three cheers for the ladies who |had brightened the occasion by their presence, and an additional one for Miss Barber (principal of Alma House School, Goulburn), brought the proceedings to a ^^Mgf future celebration of the kind ^^^BibtleM be carried through in a ^^Bng id the one ;?»? put. '^fc* Hi Galoho to. Burrowa Railway. — Mr.:(Brui« .Smith;' «cm £ria»v', MA upon the table'of :tbe' Aiseribly/^. wpy of a report by- Mr. P. Scarr,' Temporary Examiner of PuWic W,ijrke;propi-»nls, in reKard to the ' proposed-- railway from Galong to Burrou*. The area to be served was stated tu be comparatively limited, extending from -Kalang&n; (half way between Galong and -Burrowa) on tbe south to Numby and Kenyu on the north, Rya Park, and .Nwrrawa m the east to Calabash, and Douglas on tbe west. This would be an area of about 750 square miles. Beyond these places tbe traffic would go southward to the great southern ?railway, eastward to Goulburn and Gunning, northwards to Cowra and west wards to Toung, It would thus be seen, it was stated, that the existing railway* practically so drained the outlying por tions of the district that' no traffic could be expected from distant places, as in other districts where branch railways hare been constructed. No back country would be drained by the line. ' The area -named would entirely have tu support it. Further, if the proponed extension- to Oroukwell wore carried out an additional slice of traffic from tlie east 'and north east would iu all probability be filched from Burrnwa. The country through which the line would -'pass- was of good quality and -a large ''proportion fit for agriculture. Such si Was ant 'fitted' for that purpose may' be balled superior grazing country. The result of Mr; Scarr's inquiry .led him to the conclusion Ih-it for years the iine- wufild have to be .run at aieayy loss. e*ren if it ever became ?payable, whjch, from the. if^aUlarei tn be drained l-y it, was 'very doubtful. Look ing at the question from a . commercial standpoint, he was therefore of opinion (hat tbe railway should not be carried out. A Petestabee Apr. — Sonfe julrunian drunken night prowlgrs committed a inott detestable act on Saturday nijht or early on Sunday morning.'-' On the Australian fT/ifof nt-nmiaa*! tlio'lasii' VAtatinr* niaitunf a son cf Mr; A. Banoook (a tormer owner of the property) was made many years agio, end the top bricked and cemented over. A pot of paint, used, in the point ing of a buggy in the hotel yard, was seized by one of. them, who wrote over the grave to the effect that the plaoe was sacted to the metnury of one of their companions in th«. .liideoua orgie. Tho matter is to bo brought under the. notice of the licensing -authorities, who- may have tomething salutary to say in the matter. A DESERrtu Village.-^ Burrowa has verily been a deserted village for the past few days. Upon no previous- occasion has there been such an exodus for. the holidays. r. .? . ? BdkboWA Mr/KiciPAL Covson ? The usual fortnightly meeting of the Burrowa Municipal Council was held in the Council Chambers on Tuesday evening. Present, the Mayor (Aidennali I. ,£-«venson), and Aldermen Ryan, James Stevenson, and Preston. There was no .business of any moment before the Council. Accounts for burr-cutters' wages were paused for payment. FboomoRK Races. — The Frnginoie annual races will taks place on Monday, 20th ' January,' Anniversary Day. Pro grammp^tppears in this issue. Promotion.— Seritor-sergeatit M'Cartic, of Cowra, has bepri promoted to a sub inspectorship. The promotion meai;s removal to a sub-inspector's station ; and the people of Cowra recognising Mr, M'Curtie's 15 years official residence amongst them, have decided to present him with a testimonial of a substantial kind. ''CouimHO Tail Chickens.' &c.;— Says the Quirfagai Timet : — ' Mr. Barnes, M.L.A., has written to say that he has been successful in having placed on the estimates a turn uf £250 i;i aid of the Gundagai Agricultural and Pastoral Society. We think we may very justly ctmpliment.the hon. member on his thoughtfuloeM in obtaining a sharn uf the good things from the revenue.' But later Mr. Barnes writes to Mr. Allinau, lion, secretary, saying that all special grants for these societies have, been withdrawn, and in lieu theroof ths Government has placed a sum of £5000 on the Estimate*, which is to be disposed of in the way of special prizes for suitable local exhibits. In order to ailaTvi^tifat' object, an officer froni the Department of Agriculture will attend all tho^howAAnd recommend the form these nalioual prizes shall take. MrnoATioK of Sentence —It has been decided by tbe 'Lieutenant-Governor and the Cabinet, upon the recommendation of the Minister of Justice, to mitigate the punishment inflicted upon Arthur Rae, secretary to the; Shearers' Union at Hay. Last month Rae was convicted of a tfreat number of offences uiider the Masters and Servants Act hi inducing shearers to break their agreement. Jin each instance a line was imposaa, with the alternative of 14 day*' imprisonment in each case. In default Rae elected to go to gao], and the cumulative sentences totalled 128 weeks. One sentence of H days has expired, and it has now been.decided that the remain ing sentences will %e concurrent with the sentence Rae is. now serving. He will therefore be released in the course of next week. Death of Mas. Sutherland.— Mrs Sutherland, the widow of the late Hon. John Sutherland, died at her residence. Pine Cottage, Abercrombic-street, on Sunday moruiug. Xhe deceased lady had been an invalid for' many years; but a few weeks ago she., contracted a severe cold, which, owing Wher already weakened 'condition, hastened ^ier 'death. During her illness she had tieen attended by Dr. Kingabury, sen.. Aria! Dr. Kiugsbury, jun. On Friday evening. t-hes£ two gentlemen visited Tier,' -hut staleH/in their opinion, she was sinking rapidly, :'»!'d' would not live until the' followjjig morhiug i but she continued t' lint;br.ujit11Suhdny irioroinf? AWh'itifh iu a veryj^e^k ccrtidiiiuli, alie retained conaci/'gBMesa'uflil a,fe» uiiuutej before brenthin«1iHf last Mrs. Suther land was tiie daughter --l *?!---' (ate, Captain tteilvia, of CamfntetltowfiV and' it the ti'ij* of her death was Cd years of age. fn private life she was as much esteemed for her good qudlitiii«~a«: her huibMid had been in his hunurable political career. Sao and Fatal Ektombment.— A tele gram from 'Auckland *tafia that searoh .parties Have beeu buifly eneaged «ndoavor ing to rescue the tuur miners entombed by a fall of earth at Rolph'e Coal-mine, at Buntley, on the Wailcato River. As one of the rescue parties was at work they beard two uf IW entombed men talkinu for two hours, floth were Catholics and both were engaged in prayer. They were heard reciting -the Iriti'm Pr»y« and ' Hail, Mam' As tho miners were working for. WjeirwleMe «n(itlier fall -if earth occurred, ciTttinp off all immmtiate chauoo of Mvjng'them. Thu rescue party, however, agaiii set to work with un Suinted spirit, Biid when they at last '^feed the wen they were found dead rf*ffl%B«*'!h other ? arms. The other cuupMIn^Bd won hsv* nut yet baeii two eatomlSali hope of rascuing them reached, enAi nhnnioveS. During (he alive baa M ,,f the rescue narties was 'jwralioii nn&sd; by a farther fall of Mriouel^ J^l^L ttr*. % ^^)li!«n Quarter ««wioi» Atih« MatroaKlailc wm i ?entei-M-l to a SHcUy, J,njSor Cur forging ? rail 