I BIT M fflSMES. i: . ' . - . - . 5 , \- ' " j: . . " But, Monsieur, perceive bow magnificent they are ! ; There Is not in fipisibie, there ie not in Brittany, hay, it is certain there fe not in France eo superb a set of chessmen. And ivory ! And the carving — observe, for example, the variety of detail. Theyoertainly were a curious set of chessmen, ' magnificent in a way, but curious first ofalL As M. Bobineau remarited, holding a rook in one . band and akhightin the other, the care paid to details by the carver really was surprising. But two hundred and fifty francs! For a set of chessmen! . so, my friend. I am willing to admit that the work is good — -in & kind of a way. But two hundred and fifty francs ! If it were fifty, now?" 44 Fifty !® Up went M. Bobin eau'e shoulders, and down went M Bobineau's head between them, in; the fashion of those tbys which are . pulled by. a string. ..." Ah, mon Dieu ! Monsieur laughs at me I" . And there came another voluble declaration f their merits. They certainly were a curious set. : I really think tbey were the most carious set I ever saw. I would have preferred them, for instance, to anything they have at South Kensington, and they have some remarkable examples there. And, of course, the price was snail. But when one has only five thousand francs a year for everything, two hundred and < fifty being taken away — aim for a set of chess . men — does leave a vacancy behind. I asked Bobineau, where he got them. Busi ness was slack that sunny afternoon— it seemed to me that I was the only customer he ever had; but that musthave been a delusion on my part : Reportsaid he was a warm man, one of Morfaixs warmest men, and his queer old shop in the queer old Grande Bue-Grande Rue I vkt a. name for an alley !— contained many tilings which were valuable as well as queer. But there at least was no other customer in sight j ust then, so Bobineau told me all the tale. It seemed there had been a M. Funichon — Augu&te; Funichon— no, not a Breton, a Parisian, a true Parisian, who had come and settled down in the commune of Plouigneau, over by the gare. This M. Funichon was, for example, a little — well, a little — a little ex alted, let us say. It iB true that the country people said he was stark mad, but Bobineau, for his part, said no, no, no ! It is not neces- saiy because one is eccentric that one is mad. Here Bobineau looked at me out of the corner of his eye. Are not the English, of all people, the most eccentric, and yet is it not known to all the world that tbey are not, necessarily, stark mad ? This M. Funichon was not rich, quite the contrary. It was a little place he lived in — the merest cottage, in fact. And in it he lived alone, and, according to report, there was only one thing he did all day and all night long, and that was, play chess. It appears that he was that rarest end most amiable of imbeciles, a chess maniac. Is there such a word ? 41 What a life !" said M. Bobineau. 44 Figure it to yourself ! To do nothing— nothing ! — but play chess! They say" — M. Bobineau looked round him with an air of mystery — t; they say he starved himself to death. He was so besotted by his miserable chess that he forgot — abso lutely forgot, this imbecile — to eat." That was what M. Bobineau said they said. It required a vigorous effort of the imagination to quite take it in. To what a state of forget- f illness must a man arrive before he forgets to eat ! But whether M. Funichon forgot to eat, or whether he didn't, at least he died, and being dead they sold his goods — why they sold them was not quite clear— but at the sale M. Bobi neau was the chief purchaser. One of the chief lots was the set of ivory chessmen which had caught my eyes. They were the dead man's favourite set, and no wonder! Bobineau was of opinion that if he had had his way he would have had them buried with him in hiB grave. 4' It is said," he whispered, again with the glance of mystery around, 44 that they found \- him dead, seated at the table, the chessmen on . the board, his hand oxi the white rook, which -was giving mate to the adversary's king." Either what a vivid im ag uiation had Bobineau, or what odd things -the people said! One uctures the old man, seated all alone, with Ms ast breath finishing his game. Well, I bought the set of ivory chessmen. At this time of day I freely admit that they were cheap at 2o0f. — dirt cheap, indeed ; but a hun dred was all l paid. I knew Bobineau so well — I dare say he bought them for twenty- five. As I bore them triumphantly away my mind was occupied by thoughts of their original possessor. I was filled by quite a sentimental tenderness as I meditated on the part they had played, according to Bobineau, in that last scene. But St. Servan drove all those thoughts aw&y.; Philippe Henri de St. Servau was rather a difficult person to get on with. It was with him I shared -at that time my apartment on the place, il Let us see !" I remarked when I got in; " what have I here ?" He was seated, his country pipe in his mouth, at the open window, looking down upon the river. The Havre boat was making ready to start — at Moriaix the nautical event of the week. There was quite a bustle on the quay. St. Servan just looked round, and then looked back again. - I sat down and untied my purchase. 44 1 think there have been criticisms — dero gatory criticisms — passed by a certain persou upon a certain set of chessmen. Perhaps that person Nrill explain what he has to sav to these." St. Servan marched up to the table. He looked at them through his half-closed, eye lids. "Toys was all he said. " Perhaps ! Yet toys which made a tragedy. Have you ever heard of the name of Funi- chon ?" . By a slight movement of Ms grizzly- grey eyebrows he intimated that it was possible he had. 44 These chessmen belonged to Mm, He had just finished a game with them when they found Mm dead — the winning piece, a white rook, was in Ms hand. Suggest an epitaph to be placed over Ms grave. There's a picture ! or a painter— eh ?" 44 Bah! He was a Communist !" That was all St. Servan said. Andso saying, St. .Servan turned ; away to look out of the windotrat the Havre boat again. There was ail end of M. Fqfiicbqn for Mm. Notthat\he meant exactiy #nathe said. He simply meant that M.' Funichon was not Legitimist — out of sympathy with the gentlemen who met, and decayed, visibly, before the naked eye, at the dub on the other side of the place. With St. . Servan not to be Legitimist meantto benofhing at all — -Out of his range of virion absolutely. Bering that was so, it is strange he should have % borne with me as he did. But he was a wonder- 'ul old man. v ' II. ' We played our tot game with the ivory chessman-when St. Servan returned from the dob. Tamfreeio confess that it was an oc casion for me. 1 had dusted all the pieces and hadiheboard all laid when St. Servan entered, jmd when we drew for choice of moves the dominant feeling in my mind was the thought of thedead man sitting all alone, with the whiterook in his haud. There was an odour of sancti aboutthe affdr for me — a whiff of air in theland of. ghosts. Nevertheless, my loins were girded up, and 1 was prepared to bear myself as a man in the strife We were curiously well matched, St. Servan and I. = We had played 1220 games, aud, putting draws aside, each had scored the same number of wins. Hehad his days, and so had I. At one time I was eleven games ahead, but since that tiirice- blessed hour I had not scored a single game. He had tracked me steadily, and eventually had made the scores exactly tie. In these latter days it had grown with him to be' an article of faith that as a chess player I whb quite played ant — aud there was a time when I had thought the same of him ! He won the move, and then, as usual, there came an. interval for reflection. The worst thing about St. Servan— regarded from a chess- playing point of view — was that he took such a time to begin. When -a man has opened his game :it is excusable, laudable, indeed — if he pauses to reflect a reasonable length of time. But I never knew a man who was bo fond of re flection before a move was made. As a rale, that absurd habit of Ms Mid quite an irritating effect upon my nerves; but that evening 1 felt quite cool and prepared to sit Mm out. There we sat, bothsmoking our great pipes, he staring at the board, and lat Mm. He put out his hand, almost touched a piece, ana then, with a start, he drew it back again. An interval— the same pantocaine again. An other interval — and a repetition of the pautomine. I puffed a cloud of smoke into the air and softly sighed. I knew he had bsen ten minutes by my watch. Possibly the sigh had a stimulating effect,' for he suddenly stretched out his hand and moved queen's knight's pawn a. single square. r I was startled. He was great at .book openings,, that was theabsurdest part of it.- He -wouMTead you to suppose that he was medita ting something quite original, and then would perhaps begin with fool's mate after all. He, at least, had never tried queen's knight's pawn a single square before. I considered a reply. Prav let it be understood — though I would not have confessed it io St. Servan for the world — that I am no player. I am wedded to the game for an hour or two at night, or peradventure, of an afternoon at times, but I shall never be admitted to its inner mysteries — never ! not if I outspan Methuselah, lam not built that way. St. Servan aud I were two children who loving the sea, dabble their feet in the shallows left by the tide. I have no doubt that there are a dozen replies to that opening of his, hut I did not know one then. I had some hazy idea of developing a game cf my own, while keeping an eye on his, and for that purpose put out my hand to move the queen's pawn two, when I frit my wrist grasped by— well, by what felt uncommonly like an invisible hand. I was so startled that I almost dropped my pipe. I drew my hand back again, aud was conscious of the slight detaining pressure of unseen fingers. Of course it was hallucination, but it seemed so real, and was so unexpected, that — well, I settled my pipe more firmly between my lips — it had all but fallen from my mouth — and took a whiff or two to calm my nerves. I glanced up, cautiously, to see if St. Servan noticed my unusual be haviour, but his eyes were fixed stonily upon the hoard. Alter a moment's hesitation — it was absurd ! — I stretched out my hand again. The hallucination was repeated, and in very tangible form. I was distinctly conscious of my wrist being wrenched aside and guided to a piece I had never meant to touch, aud almost, before I was aware of it, instead of the move I had meant to make, I hadjnade a servile copy of St. Servan's opening — i had moved queen's knight's pawn a single square ! To adopt the language of the late Dick Swiveller, that was a staggerer. I own that for an instant I was staggered. I could do nothing else but stare. For at least ten seconds I forgot to smoke. I was conscious that when St. Servan saw my move he knit Ms brows. Then the usual interval for reflec tion came again. Half unconsciously I watched him. When, as I supposed, he had" decided on his move, he stretched out his hand, as I had done, ana also, as I had done, he drew it back again. I was a little startled — he seemed a little startled, too. There was a momentary pause ; back went his hand again, and, by way of varying the monotony, he moved — king's Xnight's pawn a single square. I wondered, and held my peace. There might be a gambit based upon these lines, or there might not, but since I was quite clear that I knew no reply to such an opening, I thought I would try a little experiment, and put out my hand, hot with the slightest conception of any particular move in my head, but simply to see what happened. Instantly a grasp fastened on my wrist ; my hand was guided to — king's knight's pawn a single square. ' This was getting, from every point of view, to be distinctly interesting. The chessmen ap peared to be possessed of a property of wMch Bobineau had been unaware. I caught myself wondering if he would have insisted on a higher price if he had known of it. Curiosities nowadays do fetch such fancy sums — and what price for a ghost? They appeared to be auto matic chessmen — automatic in a sense entirely their own. Having made my move, or having had some body else's move made for me, which is per haps the more exact way of putting it, I contemplated my antagonist. When he saw what I had done, or what somebody else had done — the things are equal — St. Servan frowned. He belongs to the bony variety, the people who would not loll in a chair to save their lives — his aspect struck me as being even more poker-like than usual. He meditated his reply an un conscionable length of time, the more uncon scionable since I strongly doubted if it would be Ms reply after all. But at last he showed signs of action. He kept his eyes fixed steadily upon the board, Ms frown became pronounced, and he began to raise Ms ' hand! I write " began," because it was a process which took some tune. Cautiously he brought it up, inch by inch. But no sooner had he brought it over the board than Ms behaviour became quite singular. He positively glared, and to my eyes seemed to be having a struggle with his own right . hand. A struggle in which he was worsted, for he leaned back in his seat with a curiously discomfited air. He had moved queen's rook's pawn two squares— the automatic principle wMch im- pelled these chessmen seemed to have a par tiality for pawns. It was my turn for reflection. I pressed the tobacco down in my pipe, and thought— or tried to think — it out. Was it an hallnrination, and was St. Servan the victim of hallucination too? Had I moved those pawns spontaneously, actuated by the impulse of my own free will, or hadn't I ? And what was the meaning of the little scene I had just observed ? I am a tolerably strong man. It would require no slight exercise of force to compel me to move one piece when I had made np my mind that I would move another piece instead. I have been told, and I believe not altogether untruly told, that the rigidity of My right wrist resembles iron, I have not spent so much time in the tenniscourt aud fenritig-room for nothing. I had tried one experiment; I thought I would try another. I made up my mind that I w ould, -move queen's pawn twe— -stop me who stop I felt that St. Servan in hie. turn WaswatcMng me. Preposterously easy though the feat ap- p aved to be as I resolved ou its performance, I was conscious of an unusual degree of cerebral excitement — a sort of feeling of do or die. But as, in spite of the feeling, I didii't do, it was perhaps as well I didn't die. Intending to keep complete-control over my own muscles, I raised my right hand, probably to the full as cautiously as St. Servan had done. I approached tllo queen's pawn. I was just r about to seize the piece when that unseen grasp fastened on my wrirt. I paused, with something of the feeling which induces the wrestler to pause before entering .on the veritable tug of war. For one tiling I was desirous to satisfy myself as to the. X.. £ J.1 X X Ji. tkni oAAmSfi Trt UttlUIB OI UWgrasp WUttti It woa wiovouwiwu W grasp me. It seemed to be a hand. The fingers went over the back of my wrist, and the tnumb be neath. The fingers were long and thin— it was altogether a slender hand. But if seemed to be a man's baud, and an old man's hand at that. The skin was tough and wrinkled, clammy and cold. On the little finger there was a ring, and on the first joint, . here appeared to be something of the nature of a wart. I should say that it wub anything but a beautiful band, it was alto- gethi r too attenuated and claw-like, and I would have betted that- it was yellow with age. At first the pressure was slight, almost as slight as the touch of a Jjaby's hand, with a gentle inclination to one side. But as I kept my own hand firm, stiff, resolved upon my own particular move, with, as it were, a sudden snap, the pressure tightened, and not a little to my discomfiture, I felt my wrist held as in an iron vyce. Then, as it must have seemed to St. Servan, .who, I was aware, was still keenly watching me, I began to struggle with my own band. " The spectacle might have been fun to him, but the reality was, at that moment, any thing but fun to me. I was dragged to one side. . Another hand was fastened upon mine. My fingers were forced open— I had tightly clinched my fist to enable me better to resist — my wrist was forced down, my fingers were closed upon a piece, I was compelled to move it forward, my fingers were un fastened to replace the piece upon the board. The move completed, the unseen grasp instantly relaxed, and I was- free, or appeared to be free, again to call my hand my own. J had moved queen's rook's pa wn two squares. This may seem comical enough td read about, but it was anything but comical to feel. When the thing was done I stared at St. Servan, and St. Servan stared at me. We stared at each other, 1 suppose, a good long minute, then I broke the pause. "Anything the matter?" I inquired. He put up his hand and curled his moustache, and, if Imay say so, he curled his lip as well. 44 Do you notice anything odd about — about the game V" As I spoke about the game, I motioned my hand toward my braud-new set of chessmen. He looked at me with hard sus picious eyes. 44 Is it a trick of yonrs ?" he asked. 44 Is what a trick" of mine ?" 44 If you do not know, then how should I ?" I drew a whiff or two from my pipe, looking at him keenly all the time, then signed toward the board with my hand. 44 It's your move," I said. He merely inclined Lis head. There was a momentary pause. When he stretched out his hand he suddenly snatched it back again, and half started from his seat with a stifled execra tion. 44 Did you feel anything upon your wrist ?" I asked. 44 Mon Dieu! It is not what I feel — see that." _ He was eyeing his wrist as he spoke. He held it under the glare of the lamp. I bent across and looked at it. For so old a man he had a phenomenally white and delicate skin — under the glare of the lamp the impressions - of finger mprks were plainly visible upon his wrist. I whistled as I Eaw them. 44 Is it a trick of yours r" he asked again. 44 It is certainly no trick of miue." 44 Is there anyone in the room besides us two?" I shrugged my shoulders and looked round. He, too, looked round, with something I thought not quite easy in Ms glance. 44 Certainly no one of my acquaintance, and certainly no one who is visible to me." With his fair white hand — the left, not the one wMch had the finger-marks upon the wrist — St. Servan smoothed Ms huge moustache." 44 Some one or soinethiug has compelled me — yes, from the first — to move, not as I would, but— bah ! I know not how." " Exactly the same thing has occurred to me." I laughed. St. Servan glared. Evidently the humour of the thing did not occur to him, he being the sort of man who would require a surgical operation to make Mm see a joke. Bat the humorous side of the situation struck me forcibly. 44 Perhaps we are favoured by the presence of a ghost — perhaps even by the ghost of M. Funichon. Perhaps, after all, he has not yet played his last game with Ms favourite set. He may have returned — shall we say from — where ? — to try just one more set-to with, us ! If mv dear Sir"— I waved my pipe affably, as though addressing an unseen personage — "it is reauy you, I beg you will reveal yourself — materialise is, I believe, the expression now in vogue — and show us the sort of ghost you are !" Somewhat to my surprise, and considerably to my amusement, St. Servan rose from Ms seat and stood by the table, stiff aud straight as a scaffold pole. 44 These, Monsieur, are subjects on which one does not jest." 44 Do you, then, believe in ghosts?" 1 knew he was a superstitions man — witness Ms fidelity to the superstition of right divine— but th»« vas the tot inkling I had had of how far Ms super stition carried Mm. . 44 Believe !— - In ghosts ! In what, then, do you believe? I, Monsieur, am a religious man." 44 Do you believe, then, that a ghost is present with us now— the ghost, for instance, of M. Funehion ?" , ' . St. Servan paused. Then he crossed himself — actually crossed himself before my eyes. When he spoke there was a peculiar dryness in his tone. 44 With your permission, Monsieur, I will re tire to bed." There was an exasperating thing to say ! There must be a large number of in tne « world who would give— well, a good round sum, to light even on the trail of a ghost. And hero were we in the actual presence of something — let us say apparently curious, at any rate, and here_ was St. Servan calmly tollrW about retiring to bed, without making the slightest attempt to examine the thing! It was enough to make the members of the Psychical Research Society turn in their graves. The mere sug gestion fired my blood. „ " J St. Servan, that yon at least will finish the game." I saw he hesitated, so I drove the nail well home. 44 Is it possible that vou. a brave man, having given proofs of courage on countless fields, can turn toil at wjiat is lessau hallucination after all ?" «,» 4 Is it that Moniiieur doubts my . f I knew the tone — if I was ndt icareni should have an affair upon my hands.j. 44 Coine, St. Servan, sit down and' to8" ' game.'' . . . Another momentary pause. He ea® 1 and— itr would not be correct to-writejwia® . finished the game but we made .another «»» to go on.. My pipe had gone out. I Km1 and lighted it . - - — 44 You know, St Servan, it is really nonsense to talk about ghosts." „ 44 It is a subject on which I never talk. _ _ 44 If something does compel us to make mo which we do not intend, it is something w hi is capable of a natural explanation." 44 Perhaps Monsieur will explain it, then r 44 1 will ! Before I've finished ! If jou only won't turn tail and go to bed ! I think it V®ry Txuwihl too. that the influence, whatever it is, gone— it is quite on the cards that oor imagination has played us some subtle tncit. It is your move, hut before you do anything just tell me what move you lucan to make. 4 ' I will move' ' — he hesitated- — 4 1 will move queen's pawn." . . . He put out his hand, and, with what seemed to me hysterical suddenness, hp moved king's rook's pawn two squares, 44 So ! Our friend is still, here then ?: I sup pose you did uot chauge your mind ?" There was a very peculiar look about St. Servan's eyes. 44 1 did not change my mind." I, noticed, too, .that his hps were uncom monly compressed. 44 It is my move now. I wiH move queen's pawn. We are not done yet. When 1 put out my hand you grasp my wrist — and we shall see what we shall see." " Shall I come rouud to you ?'' 44 No, stretch out across the table — new !'' I stretched out my hand ; that instant he stretched out Ms, but spontaneous though the action seemed to be, another, an unseen hand, had fastened on my wrist. He observed it, too. 44 1 here appears to he another hand between yours and mine." 44 I know there is." Before I had the words well outomy hand had been wrenched aside, my fingers unclosed, and then closed, then unclosed again, and I had moved king's rook's pawn two squares. St. Servan and I sat staring at each other. For my part I felt a little bewildered. 44 This is very curious ! Very curious in deed ! But before we say anything about it we will try another little experiment, if you don't mind. I will come over to you." I went over to him. "Let me grasp your wrist with both my hands." I grasped it as firmly as I could, as it lay upon his knee. Now try to move queen's pawn." He began to raise Ms hand, I holding on to his wrist with all my strength. Hardly had he raised it to the level of the table when two un seen hands, grasping mine, tore them away as though my strengtn were of no account" I saw him give a sort of shudder — he had moved I queen's bishops's pawn two squares. " This is a devil of a ghost," I said. St. Servan said nothing ; hut ho crossed himself not once, but half a dozen times. 44 There is still one little experiment that I 1 J V 99 ! wouiu \\\ itzi tom&ue.; ' ; St. Servan shook his head. 44 Not I!" he said. 4 4 Ah, but, my friend, this is an experiment which I can make without your aid. I simply want to know if there is nothing tangible about our unseen visitor except his hands. It is my move." I returned to my side of the table. I again addressed myself, as it were, to an un seen auditor. 44 My good ghost, my good M. I Funichon — if it is you — you are at liberty 1 to do as you desire with my baud." j I held it out. It instantly was grasped. With my left hand I made several passes in the air up and down, behind and before, in every direc tion, so far as I could. It met with no resistance. There seemed to lie nothing tangible; but those invisible fingers which grasped mys wrist — and I had moved queen's bishop's pawn two squares. » St. Servan rose from his seat. 44 It is enough. Indeed, it is too much. This ribaldry, must cease. It had been better had Monsieur permitted me to retire to. bed." 4 Then you are sure itis a ghost— the ghost of M. Funichon, we'll say." 4t This time Monsieur must permit me to wish him a good night's rest." He bestowed on me, as his manner was, a stiff inclination of the head, wMch would have led a stranger to suppose that we had met each other for the first time not ten minutes ago, instead of being the acquaintances of twelve good years. He moved across the room. 44 St. Servan, one moment before you go ! You are surely not going to leave a man alone at the post of peril." 44 It is better that Monsieur should come too." 44 Half a second, and I will. I have only one remark to make, and that is to the ghost." I rose from my seat. St. Servau made a half -movement toward the door, then changed his mind and remained quite still. If there isany other person with us in the room, may I ask that person to let us" hear Ms voice, or hers ? Just to speak one word." Not a sound. 44 It is possible — I am acquainted with the laws which govern - eh — ghosts — thai the faculty of speech is denied to them. If that be so, might I ask for the favour of a sign — for instance, move a piece while my friend aud I are standing where we are." Not a sign ; not a chessman moved. 44 Then, M. Funichon, if indeed it be you, and you are incapable of speech or even of moving a piece of your own accord, and are only able to spoil our game, I beg to inform you that you are an exceedingly ui- mannered and foolish person, and had far better have staid away." As I said this I was conscious of a current of cold air before my face, as though a swiftly- moving hand had shaved my cheek. 44 By Jove, St Servan, something has happened at last 1 believe our friend the ghost has tried to box my ears !" St. Servan's reply came quietly stern. 44 1 think it were better that Monsieur came with me." For Borne reason St. Servan's almost con temptuous coldness fired my Mood. I became suddenly enraged. 44 1 shall do nothing of the kind ! Do yon think I am going to be fooled by a trumpery conjuring trick wMch would disgrace a shifting seance ? Driven to bedat this time of day by a ghost ! And such a ghost ! If it Were some thinglike a ghost one wouldn't mind; hut a fool of a ghost like this !" Even as the words »ssed my lips I felt the touch of fingers against my throat. The touch increased my rage. I snatched at them, only to find that there was nothing there. 44 Damn you !" I cried. 44 Funichon, yon old fool, do you think that you can frighten me? You see those chessmen ; they are «nW bought and paid for with my money — you da4| to try and prevent me doing with- them exactly as I please." Again the touch against my throat. It made my rage the more. 44 As I live, I will smash them all to pieces, and grind them to .JIT" beneath my W.«' 10 But then the circumstances were — unusually ao, one might plead. I ing three or four feet from the table. I <2?? j forward. As I did so, a hand wi f wasjaed bv another TBey gripped me tightly They maddened me' With » madman toy I stiff pre88ed £orwJJ; I might as well have fought with fa/« tS clutched me as with bands of steel, all Ann me to the ground. 2 IIL When I recovered consciousness I touad Servan bending over me. ' 44 What is the matter ?'> I inquired, when r found that I was lying on the floor 44 I think you must have fainted." 44 Fainted ! I never did such a thin - in mv life. It must have been a curious kind o> to-/ I think." 44 It "was a carious kind cf faint." With his assistance I staggered to ;nv feet I felt bewildered. I glanced round. " There were the chessmen still upon the board, the hanging lamp above. I tried to speak, I seemed to have lost the use of uiy tongue. In silence he helped me to the door. He half led half carried me— for I seemed to have loet the use of my feet as well as that of my tongue— to my bedroom. He even assisted me to undress never leaving me till I was between the sheets! All the time not a word was spoken. When he went I believe he took the key outride and locked the door. That was a night of dreams. I know not if I was awake or sleeping, but ail sorts of strange things presented themselves to my jraiiuleje. I could not shut them from my sigh (hie figure was promine.it in all I saw— the figure of a man. I knew, or thought I kuew, that it was M. Funichon. He was a lean oil man and what I noticed chiefly were hi-, hands. Such ugly hands ! In some fantastical way i seemed to be contending with them all L roach the night. And yet in the morning when I w- ke— for I did wake up, and that from as sweet, re freshing sleep as one might wish to have— it w as all gone. It was bright day. Ths run wis shining into the great, ill-furnished room. As I got out of bed and began to tin -s, the humorous side of the thing had returned to me again. The idea of there being anything supernatural about a 6et of ivory cheinea ap. peared to me to b3 extremely funuy. I found St. Servan had gone out. It was actually half-past ten I His table ci'luSte at the Hotel dc Bretagne was at eleven, an.: before lie breakfasted he riways took a petii c at the club. If he had locked the d»r o . rn ight I he had not forgotten to unlock it b i re he I started. I went into the rambling, bam-like j room wMch served us for a salon. The chees- j men had disappeared . Probably St. £ er van haul j put them aw ay — I wondered if the glvn had j interfered with him. I laughed to myself as I went out — fancy St. Servan contending with a ghost. The proprietor of the Hotel de Lretagne is Legitimist, so ali the aristocrats dine there of course, St. Servan with the rest, because, pre- sumably, the landlord's politics are cong ciria 1. As | to his 'cooking it is apparent I r indif- I fcrent — I never knew a worse tabic in all my life! The landlord of the Hotel de 1' Europe may be a Communist for all I care — his cooking is first- rate, so I go there. I went there that morning. After I had breakfasted I strolled off toward the Grande Hue, to M, Bobineau. When he saw me, M. Bobineau was ail smirks and smiles — he must have got these chessmen I for less than five-ami -twenty francs! I asked j hiua if he had any more of the belongings of M. j Funichon. 4 But certainly ! Three others sets of chess"! men." I didn't want to look at those, apparently one set was quite enough for me. W as ihat all hehad? " But no ! There was an ancient bureau, very . magnificent, carved—" I thanked him— nor did I want to look at that. In the Grande Hue at Moriaix old bureaus carved about the beginning of the fifteenth century— if you listen to the vendors — are as plentiful as cobblestones. 44 But I have all sorts of things of M. Funichon. It was I who bought lac a: nearly all. Books, papers, and — " _ M. Bobineau waved his hands to war. i a mul titude of books and papers which crowded the shelves at the side of his shop. I to'>k .i volume down. When 1 opened it I found i: was in manuscript. ' "That work is unique!" exclaimed Bobi- iieau. 44 It was the intention of M. Fuidehonta give it to the world, but he died before his pur pose was complete. It is the record o! all the games of chess he ever played — in fifty volumes. Monsieur will perceive it is unique."" I should think it was unique ! In fifty Volumes ! The one I held was a large quarto, bound in leather, containing some six s. r seven hundred pages, and was filled from cover t > cover frith matter in a fine, clear handwriting, written in both sides of the page. I pictured the face of the publisher to whom it was suggested : hat he Ihould give to the world such a work us that. I opened the volume at the first page It was, s Bobineau said, apparently the record, with wuiuicuio, ui mi uirermmaoie senes oi games u jhess. I gJauced at tlie initial game. Here are fie opening moves, just as tnev were given liere: — j WHITE. i Queen's Kuight's Pawn, one square. I King's Kuigia's Pawn, one square, j Queen's JJook'6 Pawn, two squares. ; King's Rook's Pawn, two squares. BLACK. Queen's Knight's Pawn, one squire. King's Knight's Pawn, one square. Queen's Rook's Pawn, two squares. King's Rook's Pawn, two squares. They were exactly the moves of the night afore. They were such pwmliar moves and aade under such peculiar circumstances that I Pas scarcely likely to mistake them. «5o far as Pe had gone, St. Servan and I, assisted by the nseea hand, had reproduced M. Fuuicnon's litial game in the first volume of his fifty — and very peculiar game it seemed to he. I asked oMneau what he would take for the volume rMchlheld. "Monsieur perceives that to part them would poil the set, which is unique. Monsieur shall ave the whole fifty"— I shuddered. I imagine tebineau raw I did, he spoke so very quickly— for a five-franc piece, wMch is less than the Iue of the paper and the binding." I knew then that he had probably been paid or carting the rubbish away. However, I paid hte five-franc piece, ana marched off with he volume xmder my arm, giving ti'm to under- tana, to his evident disappointment, that at jy leisure I would give ti'«» instructions as to lie other forty- nine. t As I went along I thought the matter over. J iL : Fumchon seemed to have been a sing" ' man— he appeared to have carried his : utojaxityevea beyond the grave. Could it ! been the cold-blooded intention of his ghost k us May the whole contents of the fifty volumes fiogndi? "What a fiend of a ghost his osfmust (m» > I opened fee vqlume and studied the uiSa! Hie niafi wasfmad. Nonefwlt aq imJjeciiB would have played trafih i game-hia rftlutadaghmst hislert ! — and none buta raring madman wothl Have rereidtA.hftitobecHitym ntofck amdvrbite,. as themghft frerea thing to Ha proufiofl : Ger- thinly none hut criminal loimo tepubi Have endeavoured tofoist his; puerile tiavesty of the game and study of chere upon two innocent men. Still, the femgwas Onrtous. I fluttered my self that St. Sbrvan would fie staxfled when He saw tfeecenteats ofithe bock Twos carrying home. I resolved that I wouSd instantly get oat the chessmen, and begin another game— perhaps the , ghost of M. Funi- ehon woold favour ns with a. further exposition of Ink ideas of things. I even made ap my mind that I would communicate with the P&fckteal; BetCarch Sodety: Nbt at ail improbably they might think the case' snffi- ©ieHtiy remarkable to send, down a member their body to inquire into- the thing upon the spot. I almost began to hug myself on" the possession ef a ghoet, a ghost, too; wMch might be induced to perform at will— almost oh tbe principle of " drop a coin into the Blot and the figures move I It was cheap at a hundred frauc3. What % stir those ohessmen. etfil' might make! What vexed problems' they might solve! Unless I. was much mistaken, the ex penditure of those hundred francs bad placed me on the royal road to immortality. Filled with such thoughts I reached our rooms. I found that St. Servan had returned. With hitn, if I may say so, he had brought his friends. Such friends ! Ye Goths F When I opened the door the first thing that greeted me was a strong, not to say suffocating, smell of incense. The room was filled with smoke. A fire wa3 blazin r on tbe hearth. Before it was St. Sorvan on his knees, his hands clasped in front of him, in an attitude of prayer. By him stood a priest in his robes of office. He held what seemed a pestle and mortar, whose con tents he was throwing by handfuls into tbe ii ames, muttering some doggerel to himself the while. Behind were two acolytes, With nice dean faces and nice white stoles, who were swingmg censers — henee the odour which filled the room. I was surprised when I behelu all this. They appeared to be holding some sort of religious service — and I had not bargained for that sort of thing when I bad arranged with St. Servan to share the rooms with him. In my surprise I unconsciously in terrupted the proceedings. " St. Servan ! Whatever is the meaning of this?" St. Servan looked up and the priest looked round — that was all the attention they paid to me. The acolytes eyed me with what I con caved to be a grin "upon their faces. But I wasn't to be put down like that. I must ask you, St. "Servan, for an explana tion." The priest turned the mortar upside down and emptied the remainder of its contents into the fire. It is finished,' he eaid. St. Servan rose from his knees and crossed himself. "We have exorcised the demon," he ob served. " You have what ?" I asked, ts We have driven out the evil spirits which possessed the chessmen." I gasped. A dreadful thought struck me. " You don't mean to say that you have dared to play tricks with my property ?" Monsieur, w said the priest, 4< I have ground it into dust. n He had. That fool of a St. Servan had ac tually fetched his parish priest, and his acolytes, and theix censers, and between them they had performed a conuninatoiy service made and provided for -the driving out of demons. They had ground my ivory chessmen in the pestle and mortar, and theu burned them in the fire. And this in the- days of the Psychical Research Society ! And they had cost me a hundred francs 2 And (hat idiot of a ghost had never stretched out a hand or said a word. — The Corn- hill Magazine . 