:L-ONARD LINDSAY; b : ;:THE STORY OF A BUCCANEET. ANGUS B. REACH. CHAPTER XXVI.-(CoNrcIUE.D). " Suddenly the witch stopped, and shaded t 'backfrom her eyes her long flowing hair, I gazing intently at the sky. In the next t -moment, a flasll of lightuing--so bright that 'every one on board the galley, except the -eotoeress, was dazzled and blinded by the glare-tore out of the dark heavens: struck t :"the main topmast of the galley : and with a ~:,crash, like that of all the arcillery in the 'world fired oft in one salvo, passed gleaming *own' the wood, shaking the ship os t thoough she had been lifted a hundred feet, and then allowed to fall splash into the sea. b Tho exulosion was followed by a thick 1 snlph?raus smoko, which seemed to comes -g snin?g up out of the inmost recesses of 1 cud while the crow, blinded and .o eking in the yellow sulphurous f e, were groping about the deck, they -baird the loud screaming laughter of the c witah, followed by the croak of the ravens *froam the cabin. ii "At length the smoke or mist gradually t cleared away, and as it did so, and the men recovered their eyesight, they saw Trenda a standing as usual on the poop. with her old aspect of haughty command. Her first s. "words, comrades, wore- h "'Fling that carrion into the sea, and i Stake warning by the fate of Torquil Randa o ,how you dispute the will of such as I.' n " So the sailors advanced, all trembling, to i the foot of the mainmast, winroe lay the body k Sof the man of whom the witch spoke. He d had been struok by the lightning, com- 1 'rdes, but there was neither seaith nor sour upon his flesh, only on the f ,rehead a small P round blue spot. So the miriners lifted up i the,body, and while it wats yet warm plunged t ,it over the side. It sunk feet first, and as the head disappeared, the crew thought theit g .the dead face frowned. o 'tThat night Tronda sat al'ono in her ti .~bin,.beneath the bronze lamp, as she had e done when her victim entered. The crystal 1h laynPpon the table as bcfor,. All at once t the. flame of the lamp fl tshed high up, g and. then sank down into the bronze, b so that the cabin was almost in darkness, and the two ravens fluttered and o -croaked. Tronda lifted up her head, and g her livid face became as the face of a statue o carved out of blue and grey marble, for be- tl fore her, standing as he had already done that v 'day, was the form of Torquil Rends, with :the blue spot upon his forehead where the :li?hning had struck it. t "-There was silence for the space of a n miniute, and then the form of Torquil spoke. ( "'I am sent from the dead,' it said, ' to R Sgive you a last warning.' p " 'IReturn to those who sent you,' answered e the'itch; ' I take no warnings.' - "'I am bid to tell you,' said the spirit; t "that the measure of your iniquities is f, 'nearly full.' "The witch of Lapland rose erect, and sI .stood confronting the apparition. 0 "!' I have no fear of aught, either dead or t ,ving spirit or flesh,' she replied. 'Get you gone, or I will call up the spectres of the o winds, who will chase you to the uttermost o reads of the earth.' a S"The figuaro of Torquil R'tnda gave a sad B -=smile, and stretching forth its baud, touched si 'the magic crystal, which immediately a crumbled into black dust. 'The powers s ~'hich are given to me,' said the spirit, ' are h ,?reater than yours.' li " Tronda's frame shivered as she saw this, R b'ut she lost no wit of countenance, and looked ti :'her terrible visitant steadily in the.face. . here will be given you one last oppor- sl ''the appartioh said. -?'"ill youd re ' No !' said the witch of Lapland. el SThe figure of 'Torquil Rands grew less f -and less distinct, and as it disappeared, the o •?Ia?e of the.lampbrightened up again, and , Lthie ravvns, which had nestled at Tronda's h feet? flew back to their perches on her it ""'"The next day, the galley meanwhile a `i iaggnot far from Cape Tiberoon, in His- m .lanlola, there came on board, in a small o :oasioe, a Spanish girl, who seemed, ship- ti mates, to have hardly life in her to climb up a :the'low side of the galley. 'This girl was of b .a beauty rarely seen upon the earth, but o :.these who looked upon the bright red spot in e .-;ihei white cheek, and the sickly flash of her a -=blask floating eyes, knew that there was n -_;hidly a month's life flickering in her bosom 4o she went slowly into the cabin, and fell t u.upon her knees before the witch. d " Mother,' she said, ' I am dying fast, as you can see. I have a lover, my betrothed. a *,ae is coming across the ocean to bid me faro ,well. Oh, that I might ive to see him I a 'have little gold, but what I have, grant him I !a.fa£ir breeze, that his ship may come to land t before I die, and that I may give up my spirit I Sin his arms.' " So saying, the Spanish girl held forth a a .iece of gold the size of a walnut. Tronda t had. opened her mouth to speak, when a v .third woman entered the cabin. She was i S.'a tall and haughty' dame, and as she t .observed the dying girl a smile, like that of a t \- fiend, passed over her face. 1Her cheeks t flushed, and her eyesglanced with the fire of o deadly spite. The younger girl started I back at lier aspect, and then sunk, all -' ._blin. and sobbji;, ;-p th floor. - "Then the elder spoke thus- "' I hate that woman. She is my rival. Ihehas wonfromme the man Ilove. Iwould p-event their meeting. She is poor, but Inam rich. This, for a wind which will keep bnck his ship, until she be no more.' " With that, shipmates, the woman laid pon the table a lump of virgin ore, as bg as a cocoa-nut. The other girl id nothing, but still held out her smaller offering. Tronda stood be tween them musing. At last, she took the large lump, and dropped it into the great cheetfull at hqt' tt. ' '" on shall have a baflling wind,' she said'to the jealous rival. The poor girl, who was dying, rose feebly, and passed out weep ing; the crew let her down with careful \- hands into her canoe. -"But at the nmoment when Tronda had made hier decision. the sudden moan of a hollow soaunding wind passed •tough the air, and the galley rocked d laboured, as thloughl an invisilble hand S,:abd smote her. The witch remained long •sliuslng in the cabin, unti, hearing the dash ""of oars, she rose and went on deck. The galley was delcrted, and the whole crew, embarked in the I;unts, were pulling fast for the land, while the hlorizot was again olonded ano- it had blen when the witch drew lightning from the h tti \s. Trouda moutnted gipon the poop, and stretched forth hier arne, to:'dourse the faithlc' 0 crute, when her eye sud dleoly fell upon Terquil, l:oanding as he ihad stod,' benenth the rrainmast when the levin bolC'strack him. 'Then she forebore, and remained with dro,'Initg head, gazing into the- sea below. Ilt wh:bt was remark able, was, that whinc the whole crew of the galley left her at once, instead of rising, she Etuk util deeper in the water; and as a heavy s-:ell began to lift and heave aroutod, the sip rolled and pitched with a strange sickly nmotion. '"Then came another portent. Tronda still stood upon thie poop, lwhen she started to hear a sudden patterilg of feet, anid a squeakldng antd scratching all around her. hziiedlately there ialrretl forth from erery hatchway a whole legion of rats-young onesl and old --lrown nl grey - all of SthIin making for the side of tim vessel, and thean plunging with aII loud shrill squeaking into the sea, which was speedily dotted with their little heads, iall swt'iming merrily to .l'nd. When the last lhad leaped overboard, thba fligure of Torquil ulanda glided softly aft and oonfronted the witch. Sii'Rate,' quothl the liLure, ' leave a ikiag ship.' Anud, as he ipoke, the galley ar 'deue to float in the waterit more heavily ? Ldeeply than over, wlhile the swells rose :in?gaet rcking billows, and the moan of a mn wind hurtled over the sea. Still \- ,'ponfronted the apparition with a lip "' -a1c irver qiivered, and an eye which 'r ' y ancesters,' said she, ' were oham \- aond heroes; one of them-Eric Westra ?eesdsd'into the tamb of fhSismnnd, • l " i:e?a king, and 'bore fiom thence the bronze sepulchral lamp whieh burns beneath, although it was guarded by i monsters and potent spells. What art thou, I then, that one in whose veins runs the blood of such a hero, should tremble and quake before thee?' But the apparition said- a " ' I come from a power which is mightier than that of Odin and of Thor, and I am commissioned to pronounce to thee the doom thou shalt undergo as a punishmuent for thy wicked sorceries, even until the end of time.' f "At that there rose a mighty wind, and the galley started away before it. In vain Tronds bade the elements to cease their i strife-in vain she knelt upon the poop, and, 1 with her drenched hair all streaming in the tempest, sungliermagic rhymes, and screamed out her most potent charms. The winds blew, and the clouds lowered, and the waves L rose, nhecedful of her spells, and so at last P she started up from the deck, and cried in a J lamentable voice " 'Alas! alas ! my power is gone from me, and the elements obey nme no more I' " At these words there was a flutter and a croak, and the ravens, flying from the cabin, 1 soared uip into the tempest-tossed air, wheel ing round and round the rocking masts of c the labouring ship. s "' And you too,' said Tronda, looking up at them, ' leave me !' p " The sentence, comrades, was no sooner spoken than the foal birds darted off, each * his separate way, and awero speedily lost in the darkness. Then the storm burst a out with all its fury. lad it been a barque t manned by mnortals, tlhogalley would niot have a lived an hour in that sea; but enuchantlent a kept it afloat until it had finished i's de.tined course. For some space the Lup- i land witch and the figure of Torquil Iahda a were the only forms visible in the ship. s But as the night fell and the darkness grow t, intense pale flashes of lightning showed ii troops of phantoms upon the seck, who a worked tile ropes and sails as mariners in a b galeo. These shapes, comrades, were thespirits ti of the seame.n ~whoem Trondn by her ineants- j tions had drowned. But still the witch stood erect and fearless through all this tumult of y horror, lifting up her unabashed forehead to r the gale, and flashing all around her wild Ii grey eyes. The figure of Torquil stayed ever m by her side. "At length, comrades, in the thick J of the roaring tornado, with all the r gibbering ghosts dimly seen flitting L on the deck amid the flying spray and foam, v there was shouted from the prows, in a voice i which boomed like-the tones of a church bell, 'Land.' " At this the spectre of the Norse mariner f turned to Tronda, and said- ' " 'Now hear your doom. F'rom this time forth vou will haunt the cape on which t we are driving; and there you will have o power over the winds which blow. Your evil nature, which is as a mighty devil within you, will ever impel you to retard rather than to advance the course of mariners; but yet, a for every moment of time a ship is hindered tl on her course, will you pass a year of torment, such as it is not in the breast of man to con- r, ceive. And this shall last even to the day r whoen the sea shall give up its dead.' " In a moment after, mates, the galley . was crushed into splinters, and not a vestige t of her, or of her precious cargo of pearls, b and jewels, and gold, were ever seen by man. e But Tronda, the evil spirit of Cape feorant, still haunts that desolate beach and these k stormy breakers, and sometimes in wild mid- s watches, tihe mariner has caught a glimpse of f her pale face and stony eyes, and floating locks, driving through the scud of the storm, t with her arms tossed above her head, as though salhe were- still singing the chaunt a which raised wind and waves. I never spoke, comrades, with those who saw her; ; but I have heard tell of a' sailor of Sir Francis Drake, who being, in a night of a storm, clinging to the end of the bowsprit f furling a split sail, beheld the ancient faooe of the hag, with her grey fishy eyes looking t, into his own, and who came near lotting go t hold of the spar in his fright and tumbling into the boiling sea below. But he managed to make his way, all pale and shaking, on board the shop, where he told what he had witnessed; and certain old men of the crow said it was a most evil omen, and a that either the ship would be lost, or he who d saw the appearance would be drowned. Now, word being passed through the ship ? of what had happened, it came to the ears of the stout-hearted admiral himself; and presently Sir Francis appeared out of the main cabin. ' c What is this, I hear, men,' says he,- a that one of you has been frightened by a demon F "' It was the devil, Sir Francis !' said the r sailor, by name James Gilbert. " ' And what if it wore ? ' quoth the admiral. 'LHe is but a coward. If he shows his face to you again, pluck the grisly fiend by the beard. The devil ° fears all who do not fear him.' "But for all these bold words of the L admiral, the old sailors were right. Before the ship had made Porto Bello, whither she was bound, Gilbert was flung from the lee foretop.sail yard-arm into the sea. After the first plunge, he never came to the surface, and thle old sailors knew t that what had happened was in consequence of his having seen the demon who haunts Point Mtorant." t ICHAPIlElt XXVII. WHIAT uII.rL'PEZS AnOArD TIE SAvC" SU.,SAN AND Tue ENDINGc OF 1ER Aha D a ER CPEW. 'Three days after we boarded the Saucy 1 Susan, I" was the look-out man during a dark mid-watch. The wind was fresh, the 1 sea high, and we were plunging rapidly along; the sails straining and surging, and I the masts and rigging cracking with the pressure. I was standing on the heel of the i bowsprit, with my arm round the forestay to t balanco myself, and occasionally ducking and stooping as I best could to avoid the cold showers of brine which. our sharp bows tore up, when some one pulled m doublet, and, looking tound, I saw lnumbold. "Is there any one about ?" quoth ihe ; " I want to speak to you privately." But the breeze,'although it blow strong, was steady, and the watch lay dozing under the lee of the long-boat between the masts. S".MIy mind misgives me," says Rtumbold, 1 pre?~ently, "that they have a design on me. That fellOr Nixon watches every motion as a cat doe~ a mouse. I know that Jerry, Le Chitfeu Rouge, andl Ie, are awart that rhavo p earls about Ime. and I go in constant dread. Did you see the three rogues to-day, how lng cand how earnestly they talked, and what sly glances they, every one of Sthem,tlthrowatm:e Ilwasticklish work lving among the Spaniards at the Rio do ha Hacha, but I warrant you I feel never a bit more Scomfortable iamong my countrymeni here." I inquired whoea Jerry, the Captain, and Nixon were ? Rumbold replied, that they were nil three drinking in the great cabin, iand that being Spretty far gone, he had been able to slip out 1 to seek me. S "NSow," cuoth he, "I don't intecd that Sthose rascals shall have my pearls, if I can j keep thlem-and what is more, Idon't intend that ther shall have them, even although I may not be able to keep them--they shall go into thle sea, which they came out of, first." I said, that surely the fellows would not murder him for his wealth. "W'ell," he answered, "they would not murder, if they could steal without it--but Sif they can't, I do not suppose that a throat or so cut would make much difference." Upon this I replied, heartily shaking S]ucnbold's hand at the same time, - "' You helped me, at my time of need, amongltheleSpaniurds. I'orhap', I can help Syou now--will you entrust the pearls to M' y good fellow,' says Rumbold, with great eagerness, " that is precmselv thle favour I came to ask of you." Y And with that, he fuinbled in his bosom, and presently drew out a sort of flat pouch, Smade of thin but tough leather, with straps Swhich buckled round the body. We both looked eagerly to see that we were not ob served, but not a soul could be seen stirring uipon dece. A lantern, swinging from the weather foreshrouds, Cast a dusky gleam Saround upon the drip~ping bulwarks, and :the wet and slippery: plans-l-but we were a nlone. "ILush :" sayshe, softly. "The pearls are in this pouch-ethero is ai good thousand d pounds worth-strap. the belt tightly round you, under your clothes, the first time you have an opportunity. If you deliver it up to me safely atJamaica, a third of the profits shall be yours-if anything happens to me. I make you my legatco-keep poulch and pearls, and muske the best of them." Ho had hardly made the transfer when a c shadow glided darkly between us and the lantern. We both rushed aft as far as the i foremast and pried eagerly about: but not a cl eature was to be secu. "Bah ! " said Rumbold, " it was only the light, swinging with the ship as she rolls." But my own belief was that some one had a glided across thie deck and mounted the weather foreriggiang. I had not time, how ever, to communicate my thoughts to Rum- n bold when we heard loud voices and saw a 0 glimmering of lights aft, and immediately n Jerry came forwards, walking not very 0 steadily, although hlo had good sea-legs, p and clinging to the riging, when the ship nuade a wilder lurch than ordinary. " Farewell-t-ake care !" exclaimed Rum bold. " I must not be seent here." So saying, ho slid over to leeward, and t crept a?f, under the black shadow of the sails. Meantime, Jerry approached, and taking the lantern from the forerigging, grasped may shoulder, and asked me-in a i tlhick voice and with a hiccup-whether all h was well I replied in the affirmative, upon a which lhe steadied himself on the deck as well Uc as lihe could, and began to hum over a song h to himself, sometimes stopping to put the same question to me, half aa dozen timunes over, after the manner of a drunken man, when, all at once, the ship giving at violent lee-lurch, " lihe was pitched bodily against the bulwarks, a and at tie saume moment a heavy marling- K spike fell with a crush froml the rigging, tearing up white splinters its the deck. Had " it not been for that lucky lurch, .that sharp a and ponderous iron would have cloftthe mate's s head. All this happened in a moment, but o the weapon had hardly struck the deck, when f' Jerry bounded to his legs, and with a tire- a mendous oanth. that there was treachery some- u where, called to me to go aloft in the weather- f' rigging, while he took the lee. The danger v he find escaped seemed to have sobered the mate at once. I sprung into the tightened j' shrouds, half bewildered at the thing, while Jerry screamed to me, from the opposite t1 'rigging, to look sharp and take care of a knife.thrust, for heo was certain it was that sa villainous I'ortugueo dog who had flung the t manarlino pike. Up we both went into the roching rigging. We climbed over the rail of the foretop at r the same motnenat, and I saw that Jerry held I the barrel of ia small pistol between his teeth. " The murthering rogue I" lhe cried. "But ho has made his last cast. Either he or I go down on that deck a dead man ! " We both looked up to the heel of the top gallant mast. The white canvas was tug. b giag, and straining upon the bending yard, and the loose lee-rigging was rattling against 0 the mast and sail. P " There lhe is-there's the thief " Jerry e roared, and we both sprang into the topmast rigging. Holding on by the topgallant a yard, I discerned a black figure, like a shadow, agaiust the light-coloured canvas. All at once I saw its arm move, something bright gleamed through the air, and Jerry g shouted- " Devil confound him--he has sent his I knife into my shoulder," and immediately b stopped, grasping the shrouds as though he f, feared to fall. Knowing now that the Portu- J gusae had no knife, I sprang rapidly up fi the shrouds to grapple with him. Just then, a faint watery glimpse of moonlight fell upon the ship, throwing a great shadow b upon the broad sails on the mainmast, and I saw,above nip, crquched upon the yard, the form of Vaslo-his grim -face gazing at me, and his hands clenched as though he was determined to sell his life as dearly as he could. The next moment we had grappled d together-neither of us spoke- but the ror tugueso attempted to seize my throat with his teeth; I caught him, however, by his hair, it and wrenched his head backwards, while I sought to gripe his right wrist, and fa so overpower him. lint the creature, although he had no strength to cope with me, was as lithe and slippery as an eel, and sud.: denly striking me a blow between the eyes, d which made abundance of lights dance before r them--I felt in a moment his cold long fingers twining round my throat, and closing upon my windpipe. In the instinctive struggle for breath, I let go hold of his hair, and at the same instant, a sudden and tre mendous swing through the air, as the ship r rolled violently below, made me clutch the ropes about me, or I should have been flung off intothe sean, like a stone froina sling. At that moment the grasp upon my throat re laxed,-and with a litheness and agility, which were like the qualities of a monkey h and a snake united in one creature-the Portugueseslid, as it were, from me, upon h the main-royal stay. crawling and worming himself along towards the other mist. Bsnt Jerry, who had by this time recovered the first faintness from his cut, kept his eye steadily upon the rogue, for I calling out that he was escaping to the mainmast, the I mate replied-" Ay, ay, I see him !" and, i then, steadily taking aim, the explosion of the pist'l re.echoed loudly, from sail to sail, and E the Portuguese suddenly dropping his legs from the stay, hung to it by his hands only. I " Stand from under," shouted Jerry, " and t allow tLe villain to drop clear. He has a stabbed me as he did Shambling Ned." 1 Vasco uttered no sound, but he raised his i legs again, seeking by a mighty effort to recover his position upon the rope. His feet had, indeed, touched it, when the muscles relaxed again, and he hung as before by his hands, swinging dreadfully with the motion of the ship. All this time Jerry was clutch ing the forerigging, not having moved since a the knife of the Portugueso struck him. The watch upon deck having been aroused by 1 Jerry's cries, and the report of the pistol, were running to-and-fro with lanterns, and some of them were ascending the rigging towards us, when Jerry roaredout again " Stop-stop, every mother's son of you, where you are till the fellow falls, and then stand by to pitch him overboard. The Portuguese heard this, for he turned round hlis helad to Jerry, and I saw his white teeth, as the wretch grinned in his agony. The mate answeor~d this look with a loud laugh. "Some of you there below," he cried, "go into the great cabin, bring up a flagon of wine-and we'll drink to the murthcring dog's speedy arrival in hell." The Portuguese now let go hold of the rope with hlis righthand--and then, as if to re serve his strength, hung for awhile withl tlhe left. I did not think that thie man would have had such endurance in hima, but he was of a light weight, and the muscles of his arms were strong. All this time he never uttered a sound. Jerry, too, hleld his peace, and the crew be low waited in silence, with their lanterns glinlmmcrinag on deck. There was something very solemn in all this-the struggling and tossing ship-the rigid figures of the seamen -the silence, except for tie wind and waves, and the writhing creature waving in the air. At length, he utteredl one loud shrill cry of muortal aRgony, wlahi ch chood again and again between thle sails, and imrnmediatelyafterwards dropped like a stono. I heard the heavy thump with which hel crashed down upon the deck. Descending as quickly as I could I found that .TJerry. in spite of hlis wounaad, which was, however, only a flesh ciat, was standing over tile l'ortsuguese, who lay all doubled up where lie fell. " Up with the hound, and over tiae side with hiat to thle sharks !" said Jerry, in a low stern voice. Immnediately thle poor wretlch was pluoked from the deck, and four sturdy follows bore hlim to thle bulwalrks. Ie gave no sign of life; but just as they lheaved him upfor the fatal swing, the anterns being all gleaming around him, I saw lhiss, his eyes still shut, make the sign of the cross upon his forehead. Hie was, therefore, still alive. "One !" crield Jerry. The four exontioners, wtho seemed to like the job well, gayve the wretch a "T .wo, three !" thundered the mate, and at the last word, Vasco of Liabon was hove a fathom from thn ship's side, into the 'boiling Irai 'As he plunged down-into thlbraine, I r eere uue-lherd foor i momenat, and no more, 1 such i cry as he uttered just before he fell I from the rigging. Then his voice was choked for ever. I couid hardly deny but that the Portu. a guese merited his fate; but the flinging i overboard of a livine man, without form of trial or eondemn,,alio, seemed a hasty and cruel deed. Nevertheless, -none of the crew, except myself, appeared to be of that opinion, and most of them said openly that it was a vi-ry good riddamee, and that whether hie had attempted the life of the mate or not, lie was better in the sea than in the ship. As for Jerry, he had his wound which was, as I hlave said, a flesh cut on the shoulder-rubbed with brandy, and seemed to think no more about the matter. When my watch was up, I went below in no merry mood; and, presently, found an opportunity, whilo lying in my ham mock, which swung among near twoscoro of similar sleeping plaees, to dispose of the pearls as Rumbold had recommended. The grey light of the morning was coming down the hatchway, nnd I had not yet slept, for the end of the wretched Portuguese was still in my head, when there was suddenly a great thumping over head on deck, and an outcry for all hands to turn out and go to quarters. It is curious to observe, at this summons, the sudden rousing of all the sleepers in the ship-howr, in a moment, grim heads start out of the warm blankets, and a whole legion of stalwart naked legs come down together, fromascoreof swinging hammocks upon the deck. But a sailor is soon dressed; and, accordingly, two minutes had not gone by since I lay in my hammock, when I ,was at my post, staring over the weather blw at i esnill sloop, built very low, and which seemed to sail very quickly, which was running along withus,leaning over before the breeze, so that we could see almost the whole of her decks, upon which about half a-dozen of sailors were running with sleepy salred looks, while the steersman was calling out and gesticulating violently. Looking forth upon the sea, I saw that a mist, almost as thick as that in which we had stumbled upon the "Saucy Susan," wse just lifting from the water, and driving in vanour volumes before the wind. In appeared that the imist had partially dispersed just before all hands were roused up, and that the look-out had directly spied the sloop, close to windward of us. If there had- been less wind and sea, our small friend would very speedily have shown us his stern, for the sharp bows and rounded sides of the vessel were evidently formed for quick sailing; but the heavy tumbling ridges of sea hove him so to leoeward that he had no lihanee with. at more powerful ship. Meantime, Le Chitfon Rouge, mounting into the weather-mizen rigging, trumpet in hand, hailed to the sloop to surrender; and Jerry, in a breath, roared out to know if the guns forward wero all ready. "She is a hlarco longo-a Spanish express boat, comrades," lie shouted ; "and we must overhaul her despatches beforo we part com pany." Still the captain of the sloop made no sign, standing very- staunchly by the steersman, and conning his ship. - Once he motioned to the latter to put the helhn down, as if he intended suddenly to lulf, and go round on the other tack: but changing his mind, he glanced at our sails, and continued his course. Le Chiffon Rouge agaiu.hailed the sloop to surrender, but still without effect, and I observed that in a temporary lull of .the breeze she was beginning to draw away from the ship. Then the bull- like voice of Jerry thundered out along the d?ek-" The first gun ready there- seud your cold-iron aboard of him " Josiah Ward was the captain of the cannori by which I'.ivis stationed. .. His old dimn eyes flashed tip at the notion of a fray; and so, stooping over thL/ gun and sheltering the pria"mni from the wind with his trembling hand, to glanced warily along the mass of iron as it pointed now up to the zenith, now do wn to the billows, according to the motion of the ship, and at length suddenly dashed the burning end of a rope, which served for a fusee, into the powder in the pan, which flashed up, while the hollow iron belched forth its flame, and started back with the ex plosion, the carringe cracking and the tackles rattling through the blocks, until the dis charged cannon hty near the centre of the deck, its grimed month yet hot and smoking. The discharge was a lucky oine. The ball tore a hole in the mainsail of the sloop, and just then a gust flying heavily over the sea, the canvas was rent from top to bottom with a loud, harsh shriek, and blew fluttering in rags out of the bolt-rope. "Back the main topsail," cried Jerry. " The run is taken out of him." But just as the yard swung round, the captain of the sloop made but one leap down into his cabin, the skylight of which was open, and directly re-appcared, carrying in his hand a small metal box or casket. Ho had not taken a step upon tihe deck, when I heard the report of a carabino from our ship, and the Spaniard leaped three feet into the air, and fell in a heap upon the deck, above his burden. "That is the despatch box," quoth old Ward. " ie meant to fling it into the sea, but Tommy Nixon was too sharp for him." Just then Le Chiffon Rouge hailed in good Spanish that if any one of the crew of the sloop dared to meddle with the box, he would hang every one of them up to the peak of l their own vessel. At that the Spanish sailore hastily retired in a body .to the bows of the sloop, and our t'ern boat being manned, was lowered dexterously into the sea, a man standing at boa and stern to t nhook the tackles as she touched the water. Nixon had the command of the boat, and pulled right aboard the sloop, the crow offer ing no resistance. The first thing he did when he got on deck was to wrench the despatch box from the grasp of the Spanish captain, who had been shot through the body, and was dying fast. The poor fellow lay in his blood upon the deck, coughing front time to time, and sputtering the thick gore from his mouth. eIcantinme, Nixon had two of the Spanish sailors brought aft to him, and after exacmining them by means of one of his boat's crew, who spoke a little bad Spanish, he hailed that the despatchl-box was all safe, and contained ndvices from St. 1 Juan, in Porto Rico, to Trnxillo, under Cpe Iouduras. acid that hle would orcsently search the cabin for fuirther inf~ornation. Meantimo another boat had been got into the water, and I was ordered to form one of the crew. Jerry himself was in the stemrn shcelts. .ad presently weo all leaped on board the Spaniard. TIe first tlilg th0 mn,, asked for was the despnatc-box. It was a very stout ceasket of lead and iron, but by means of a heavy hammer and a marlino spike which he brought with himn, Jerry very soon wrenched open the lid, and we, who were crowding about himn, coon saw a good packet of letters, and despatches of diftferent engths, tied for the most part carefully with silk. and bearing huge seals with manifold devices. Jerry straightway sat hini down upon the deck, and while the rest looked anxiously Son, beganc wih great coolness to veruso the documents one by one. They seemed Sto be bet of little interest, for as hie read, his brows darkened, and he crumpled up letter after letter, and flung them overboard, where they were soon floating, like so manyor white birds between the sloop and the salp. At length lhe opened a paper, sealed with black and ired wax which he had no sooner seen than hle started up, crying, " Ia, this will Sdo, even though these bhe no othler!" And then stuffing the letters he had not read back into the box, whichl he gave me to carry, he 1 asked, in a sudden fierce tone, of one of the captured Spanilrds. whether there was an Saxe in the ship? The man shlrunk back from the questeon. " Why, you fool," contiuued the mate, in broken. Snanihl, "I am not going to chop off th'y l)e:d with it: but I tell thee what, If a the axeo be not forthcoming .peedlil', I may 1 find enoeus of making thee ai head shorter without it." So the weaopon was duly produced. " Now, Benjanin Maickett," says Jerry, addressing one of the first boat's crew, " I Sheard you boast the other eight how speedily a you could felt a tree in Virginia. Take the axe, nad prove thy words on thle mast of this I sioop.' At this the Spaleiards, who giessed by the g gestures which passed what was to be done, s et uqi 'riy dismal lamentations, and began to conjure us, by all the saints, to leave them the means of getting to land. Y" You may get to land," replied Jerry, " very well under a jury-mast, but I intend that you shall be some time about it, or we shall have a score of pestilent armadiloes out swarming about our oars." In the meantime. Manlkett, who was a sturdy fellow as might be, first applied the axe to the standing riggilnu, and it a very short space the shrouds and stays, cut away fronm their fastenings at the bulwark?, col lapsed, as it weore, round the mast, which being thus deprived of its supports, began to sway and wo.J with the rolling of the ship, creaking and cracking in its step. Then Nrackott, flinging aside his doublet, laid the broad bright axe to the wood with good will. Thlie white chips glanced about the dock, and in a few moments a gash was cut so deeply into the mast that I expected to see it snap short at every roll. "Now," says Nlackett, stopping in 4's work, w wliech side of the sloop shatlI seni the mast over!" " Over any side, with a murrain to thee, so thou makest haste," answered Jerry. ?Mackett watched the roll of the seas narrowly, and just as the sloop lurched heavily, as a great ridge of water heaved up nuder her keel, he struck the finishing blow with such good will that the axe sunk a couple of inches into the wood, and with a crack like at musket-shot, the mast, isith all its appurtenances of I rigging and flattering canvas, fell crash ing into the sea, smashing to dust tihe light bulwarks of the sloop, and causing it to careen heavily over as the jagged and splintered end of the timber continued to rub and rasp ngainst the side of the vessel, impelled by tio heaving of the swell. " And now, Spanilrds," said Jerry, " yeaou may get to Truxillo as speedily as y?ou like, and give our compliments to the good folks there." - "a With that we all got into our boats again; most of the crow jeering at and loenting thi I disconsolate looks of the Spaniards, as- they stood like men bewildered upon the deck of their crippled ship. Before I went over the side, however, I raised the head of the Spanish captain; the nman was quite dead, and becoming stilfft' and cold already. Our oars fell into the water, and the boats were speedily hoisted up to the davits or the Saucy Susan. Then Jerry, going aft, I touched his hat to Le Chiffon Rouge very ceremuoniously, and presented him with the I casket of desparches and the particular letter which lie ha read, the ship all this time lying to, but gradually drifting to leeward of the barco longo, which now exposed but little surface to thle wind. After a pretty i long conamunion between these two worthies, Le Chiffon Rouge ordered the boat swain to call all hands, iand presently the whole crew were grouped round the mainmast. Then the captain, taking off his hat, began I to make one of his usual speeches, a part of his duty, in'fact, which he appeared fond of, being of it long-winded nature, and given to using fine words on such occasions. The nmain points of what he now said were as follows: The Sancy Susan, as they all knew, was bolnd on a cruise to the Mosquito and Honduras coast, but, happily, they were their own masters, and could change their cruising ground tas often as they thought fit. Well, here were certain del:patches newly captured from the " Barco Longo," as one of them related to a rich Spanish ship which was shortly expected in- those, seas, the cap tain proposed that it be read aloud in English. for the benefit of Messieurs the adventnrors, that, uponknowingthe contents of the paper, they might lctermnine as they thought fit. 'Tho crew received this oration with signs of great eatisfaction, and one or two oried. out. "Ay, ay, translate the Dons :-patter, aind then we will consider." Upon this, Lo Chiffon Rouge made i sign to Ruinbold, who came forward, and placed the important letter in the pearlmerchant's hands. Rum bold looked at the manuscript, which was written in a fair hand, and then read out very fluently as follows: From my House at Ferrol. U-pon sulch a date. 1 Good and trusty Manual "You have been absent at the mines in Darien, when in sadness and sorrow, -I re turned to the main land in theo long-boat of the groueat galleon, reft of all the treasures which the ship carried, by the band of plun dering heretics, who, for our sins, the saints permit to infest tile Indian seas, I was not able personally to let you know the particu lars of our misfortune, and, indeed, I had but small time and less heart to write the story. You are aware that in a few days after reaching Porto Bello, to which place we scudded before the wind, which was bois terous, I found a quick ship sailing unto Spain, and having taken passage in her, we were so favoured as to avoid all pirates, flebustiers, and buccaneers, and sail very 1 prosperously across the Atlantic hither. But as touching the Carthagena galleon, that was I indeed a heavy loss, and I have made it my 1 petition to the 'Iing that lie will cause repro sentations to be sent to their Majesties of England and France touching the con duct and bearing of their subjects in our Indian seas. The manner of our capture was very sudden. Two days' sail from Car thagena, we beatingto windward, a sail was descried an hour before sunset, but which yanished before the dusk closed, so that I little or nothing more was thought of the matter. As is my wont, I retired early to rest, the worthy captain of the galleon assuring me that all was well, and a very good look-out kept from all parts of the ship. But truly, our look-out must have been maintained with but sleepy eyes, for as I was dozing, just after having heard midnight chime from the clock in the great cabin, and looking half.asleep, hlf-awakeo at tile lamp as it swung to and fro, and dihde strange glimmerings nnd shadows upon the tapestries, I suddenly heard a trtuemendous outcry, and the running of feet upon the decki above, and then. Mlnual, a volley of musketry, and one of those savage" hurrahs" which are the war-cry of the English, followed almost on the instant by a shock which mudo tite great gallcon tremble and surge from side to side. At that moment there catne flying down the cabin-stairs our friend Collado, of the Hermitage Plantation, his face like unto grey ashes, and exclaiming that we were ruined and undone, for that while the watch on deck slumbered, being incited thereto by the calmness of the weather, a pirate schlooner had suddenly laid theo gl:con ,' board, and that our good cap tair al faln ale t hie very volley I had just heard discharg?d, "lut even while he Thi jitilth * thsup roar on deck was renoede'. I, lcre T o grating and rasping as the siden of the trwo vessels encountered when they rolled, and the fierce outcries and clash of steel, tnd frequent pistol and carbine shots fired while the pirates were clambering up our lofty sides and leaiping upon tle deck. They were devils, Mlanual. No man could resist them. They yelled and fought, and seemed to de spise their lives; and nccordingly, in a tno ment, and era I could even put on mny gar ments, in came the spoilers, rushting down 1 the cabin stairs, a tall and strong old man, naked to the waist, and with a handkerchief twisted round his grey hair, leading theemon, aword and pistol in hand. Thus were we constrained to surrcuder. "Nevertheless, Manual, I must do our spoilers this justice: theysotught not to harm our persons, and wero event (in their way) courteous to us their prisoners. This I say specially of the leader, who was of lofty and somewhat dignified aspect, and whom they called ' Captain Jem.' and sometimtes 'Stout Join.'" I-Iere Riumbohl made ai pause, as if to cough, and glanced slily at tue. Oh, how iny heart lcaled as I listened. Honest, noble Captain Jem! No prisoners but lwhat would have mercy and courtesy ait thy hands! Rlumbnold continued ' This old man presently desired to sneak with me privately, and, quotlh hlie, ''here was one of our crew captured by Spaniards at Cartlegena; tell me., truly, is he dead or alive !" At this I bethoutght me that thdre had been, indeed, an English prisoner ex amined a, the alcaide's; for that strange man, Don Josc, had informed me of the fact, and also that the IEnglishman behaved very boldly when put to ids trial ; and this I told to the pirate cap tain, adding, that I understood that ho had made his escape into the woods, and, although he had been seen in the streets of Carthagena at night, nad hotly pursued, yet that he had given all his followers the slip, and got clear off, whither none knew. At this the old man wrung my hand in a strange fashion, and whispering moe, 'I loved that young man as though I were his parent,' added, ' \e mako war upon you Spaniards, but we are no thieves; therefore let oach man of you take his clothes and his privato stock of money, and descend speedily into the boats. The ship and cargo we claim, but not the private goods of passengers and crow. "I give. thee all these particulars, good 3Ianual, beanuse thou art deeply interested in all which befalls me, and so thou wilt not find them tedious. And so, presently, with sorrowful hearts we descended into our boats, and saw the galleon and the schooner trim their course for Jamaica. So far touching our disaster: now to another matter." 'Oinh the matter whichl conoerns us most, shipmates," said Jer.y. " Go on, Mr. Rum bold." I give the latter part of the letter with all its dctails although the information involved in it camne at last to nothing. Nevertheless, I think it right to recount at length the document which caused us to "change our plans, and indirectly led to the loss of the ship. The letter then ran somewhat as follows : " And now, o Ooca Lnua, our trieud and correspondent, Juan Granada, of this town, desigting speedily to send forth a goodly ship, bound to Truaillo, and laden with wines, cloths, laces, and divers sorts of goods proper for the Indian markets, I have advised him that lie should cause her to paioso in her course at acertain barren cluster of islets to windward of the Dutch possession of.Curaroa, and considerably to the east of the usual cruising places of the pirates, who, as I learn, do not often sail to windward of the Gulf of Venezeo!a. These islets are called Aksl desi Ares, or Bird Islets. I have landed upon the .a; they are not inhabited, save by countless flocks of sea birds, and they are full of good harbours iend creeks, where a ship may commodiously ride at anchor. My advice, then, to Juan Gramdla, and lie hath takeni it, was to let his ship pause at these islands, her captain hauing been there once before ; and that, in the mieantime, you getting this letter, as I hope you will, about a week or a fortnight after the ship sails from Spain, do. despatch an agent in whom you can put trust in a good piragua, or small sailing sloop, to the Isles des Ayes, bearing intelligence as to whether the seas westward be pretty clear, so as to make the run across the Gulf of Darien as safe us possible. In case of your agent bringing unfavourable or doubtful tidings, then the captain of Gramada's ship has instructions to direct the course of the vessel to any other port in New Spain, or to the IHavannah, as you may think fit, whero the wares can be disposed of to advantage." These were the chief points of the letter, the remainder being devoted to private matters not of interest to any of us. But I started again when I heard the name of the writer pronounced. It was Pedro Davosa. WVhen Rumbold had ceased reading, Jerry took up the word. "Now, comrades," quothl he, " you have heard the news. What say ye, shall we continue our course to the south west, or is there enough in that letter to make es haul our wind and beat up for the Isles des Aves 1 I tell you that a eargo such as the writer mentioneth is worth looking for, and it may be that we shall in the meanticme light upon prey as valuable running down frotu the islands as we should have met upon the coast of the main." Uipon this, Josiah Waird, being one of the .oldest ipen-on boardrgavrsas his opinion that we ought to steer eastward for heo Isles des Aves, keeping not far from the mouth of the Gulf of Venezuela, a bay which ninny Spanish ships were wont to enter and depart from. This seemed to settle the matter. The main-topsail was filled, and the direction of the ship altered from south-west to south east, and then, with .a hearty cheer as an opening to our now cruise, we moved away, leaving the Barco Longo, with her' over thrown mast, sadly drifting on the sea. . 'O Ill: CONTINV'I:DE, 