Henry George, in his final lecture in Melbourne on Friday nighty dealt with “The single tax —its method and effects.” At the outset, Professor Jenks, of the Melbourne University, who occupied the chair, drew Mr George’s attention to the fact that in Victoria there is a very large body of small landowners, and invited him to state whether the circumstance would have a practical hearing on the advisa bility or otherwise of a comprehensive tax on laud, to the exclusion of other and ordinary sources of revenue. Mr George appears to have evaded the issue thus raised, and confined his re marks to first an elaborate explanation of the single tax, and, secondly, an equally elaborate justification of it. By the single tax, said the lecturer, it was proposed “to tax no man for bringing goods into a country, or for producing those things within the country; to raise all public revenues by a tax, not upon land, because a tax on laud would he a tax upon area, a tax on all laud in use, which would ulti mately become . a tax on the use of land, hut to tax all laud values, whether the laud was in use or not. If it had no value there would he no tax; if it had a little value there would he a little tax. In other words it was proposed to leave to the individual, untaxed, the whole of the values that were produced by the industry of the community, and to take for the use of the community that value which attached to the land with the growth and improvement of the community.” We quote this from the Argus report of Mr George’s lecture, and of course accept it as substantially correct, but the definition of the single tax theory thus supplied appears wanting in definiteness and precision. When Mr George proposes to take for the uses of the community that value which attached to the land with the growth and im provement of the community, we, of course, understand that he means to levy upon what is commonly called the unearned increment. If- a man buys a block in a rising settlement at 5s per foot, and does nothing to improve it, and if at the same time his neighbors on both sides, in the exercise of ordi nary commercial enterprise, raise the nominal value of the unimproved block from 5s to 50s per foot, it needs little argument to convince any reasonable man that this unearned increment of 45s per foot is not equitably claimable by the indolent proprietor of the un improved lot. The extra, value is really due partly to the enterprise of his neighbors, and partly to the spon taneous increase in values which accrues upon settlement and occupa tion. So ‘far as this, popular feeling and popular sense of right will as suredly be in sympathy with Mr George. When, however, he gets beyond this he enters upon what at best is debatable ground. For instance, he maintains that this tax upon the un earned increment, with the abolition of all other sources of revenue, would remove all restrictions and fines now imposed on the production of wealth, destroy all speculation in land, and prevent the occurrence of an artificial scarcity through the operations of speculative buyers and holders. It would, he says, put all citizens on the same plane in regard to natural oppor tunities, prevent on the one hand the growth of great fortunes which had not been earned, and, on the other, the taking from the workers, in the dis guise of rent, that which belongs to them. He supported John Stuart Mill’s theoretical maxim that the people of every country were equally entitled to the use of the laud of that country. There is a sort of allurement in the idea that every baby horn into the world stands on equal terms with every other baby, for better or worse, and that each in dividual child inherits a right to his share of the land just as he does to his fill of air and sunshine. The thing is that such an equality of right and of privilege cannot be practically per severed in, not at least until the human race arrives at an equality of strength, shrewdness, and capacity, of which there is, at present, not the slightest sign. It is often said that if all the wealth of the world, as represented by current lawful coin, were equally divided on a given date, a few would be growing rich and the mass would be growing poor, within twenty-four hours after the division. And similarly if very member of a community could have the title deed in fee of his or her share of the earth’s surface, not a day would elapse before multitudes would assign and convey their rights for some present consideration. What, then, is to be done with those who, as hun dreds of thousands surely would do, assign their birthright?- If the right maintained by Mr George be natural and inalienable, it could be revived at will in the face ‘of any legal conveyance, and there would have to be a perpetual redistribution of property, in direct defiance of all our ideas of equity and justice. In opposition to Mr George’s idea that political and social regeneration can be procured through the medium of his Single Tax, Professor Huxley’s expressed opinions are worthy of care ful consideration. He attacks the theory which, whether admitted or not, underlies Mr George’s philosophy, that all are born free and equal. And this is really going to the root of the matter. For if there is not equality of capacity, and privilege, and right, at birth the whole of Mr George’s con tention falls to the ground. But Pro fessor Huxley clearly shows" that children in their earlier years are neither free nor equal. “EveVy family,” he says, “spontaneously be comes a polity. Among fc)ie children there are some who. tr> be morc honored and more pair's than the rest, and make themselves obeyed (sometimes, indeed, by their elders) in virtue of nothing but their moral and mental qualities. . . So long as men are men, and society is society, human equality will be a dream; and the assumption that it does exist is as untrue in fact as it-sets the mark of im practicability on every theory of what ought to be, which starts from it.” j There was a decided improvement in the share market last week,'and several stocks showed an upward taidency. Most of the Kingston stocks had in creased attention. Madame Berry on Monday were only marketable at £4: 14s, but they subsequently had a good business at advancing rates, changing hands on Friday as high as £5 5s and £5 6s, and closing on Saturday with buyers at £5 3s, sellers holding out for £5 6s. This improvement, too, is the more noticeable, in view of the receut dividend of 6s per share. Earl Beaconsfield also shared lai'gely in the general improvement. On Monday the stock opened with sales at 49s 6d, but shares soon came into increased demand at upward rates, and they gradually improved, changing hands on Saturday as high as 625, and closing with buyers at 60s and sellers at 61s. Berry Consols also improved; in the early part of the week the shares were marketable at £ll, but or. Satur day there were buyers at £ll 6s, and no shares offering. Berry Consols Extended were also stronger at the close of the week, buyers on Monday offering 16s, while on Friday shares changed hands at 17s and 17s 6d, and on Saturday there was a little business done in them at ISs. Berry No. 1 had a few transactions at 50s and 51s, but were comparatively quiet, closing on Saturday with buyers at 50s fid and sellers at 54s'. Black Horse United had exchange as high as £7 4s, but subsequently had a consider able amount of business at somewhat easier rates, closing on Saturday with buyers at £6 16s and sellers at £6 18s. Egerton came into notice in the latter part of the week, and had a number of sales between 30s and 31s. Kangaroo Extended kept fairly steady, but : Parker’s United weakened. In Balla rat East there was also considerable improvement in mining affairs. Dal zell’s were in strong demand, and sold up to 9s 4d, and Last Chance United also had a good business, with sales up to 7s 3d on Saturday. Llanberris No. 1 also mended, selling up to 2s 3d; Britauuia United had a fair amount of business at current rates, closing on Saturday with business' between 2Ss 6d and 27s 9d. Prince Regent, Prince Regent North, Sulieman Pasha, New Normanby, and others also had some exchanges at current rates. At Redan and along the Plateau operations are proceeding steadily, and the lead ing stocks, such as the-Star of the East, Sir Henry Loch, and New Kohi noor are held for firm rates, with occasional transactions. North Band and Barton on Saturday sold from Is lid to Is 3d. In other stocks there were no special features. During the past week the following dividends were declared:—Earl Beaconsfield, Is 6d; Prince Regent, fid; Dalzell-cum Prince Regent, Is. Considerable regret was expressed in the city on Saturday aud yesterday, when it became known that Mr Oscar Skogluud, grocer and wine and spirit merchant, S?urt street, had committed suicide. For some time past Mr Skogtund had been very de pressed in spirits owing to the non success of the busiuess which lie purchased some 16 months ago. Be left the shop on Saturday morning, apparently in better spirit", and was not again seen. His brother, Mr Gustaf Skogluud, went to feed the horses in a stable rented in Lyons street in the after noon, aud then found the body of deceased hangine by a rope from a beam. The body was quite cold, and he had evidently been dead several hours. A horse-feed box was close to where he hung, and it is supposed that he stood on this while adjusting the rope, aud then jumped off. Inone of thec-iatpockets was found a note in deceased’s haudivriting which pointed directly to suicide. Yester day a magisterial enquiry was. held by Mr E. J. Bateman, J.P., who found that de ceased had committed suicide while of un sound mind. Mr Skogluud was 54 years of age, and leaves a widow and family of seven childrcu. For years he resided at Little Bendigo, aud was well known and respected. A report of the evidence ten dered at the enquiry will be found in another column. On Saturday Mr Perrin, Conservator of State Forests, accompanied by Mr J. N. Dunn, M.L.A., visited the Green Hills por tion of the State forest. The various gullies and waste lauds were inspected, and these, Mr Perrin considered, were well suited to the growth of timber. The White Horae Ranges were next visited, and these, Mr Perrin considered, should be utilised for tree-planting, stating that blue gums would flourish especially well there. Messrs Perrin aud Dunn then made enquiries at several mines, and questioned the iniuiug managers as to the size of the timber used. Mr Perrin was surprised to find that wood from 3 inches to 7 inches thick was used more than any other, one mining manager asserting that the miners used fully ten times ns much timber of this size as of any other. Mr Perrin expressed himself as de lighted with his visit, and the information he had obtained. He stated that iu a year or two he would be able to supply a large quantity of timber from the Ballarat State Forest, and that in a few years there would he quite sufficient to supply the whole dis trict. Mr J. VV. Kirton, M.L.A., will address the electors of Ballarat West to-night in the skating rink, Dawson street, when he will review the events of the past seseion and his action and votes in connection therewith. Mr Kirton will candidly criticise the Govern ment, especially.in connection with what he considers their reckless extravagance. At the present juncture an address upon the political past and probable future from one of our representatives should prove interest ing. The Mayor of the City (Cr Little) will preside. The correspondence per the R.M.S. Bri tannin will reach the Ballarat Post-Office about 1 p.m. to-day, and be delivered in the afternoon. We are informed that Mr luce, tailor and outfitter, of Sturt street, has expressed his intention of granting all the concessions re quired by the Tailoresses’ Union. Messrs Plowright and Hurst, of Mel bourne, have purchased the business and goodwill of the Buck’s Head hotel, for many years conducted by Mr F. B. Wilson. Pos session of the premises will be given to-day. It is Mr Wilson’s intention to leave Ballarat on an exteuded holiday trip. On Saturday, at the Jewish Synagogue, Ballarat East, a confirmation or Barmitz vah ceremony was performed by the Rev. I. M. Goldreich, in the presence of a large con gregation. . The young gentleman confirmed was Master Isidore Marks, son of Mr Solomon Marks, of Armstrong street north, an old and highly respected resident of Bal larat. At the conclusion the ceremony Master Marks, his parents, relatives, and friends—the latter including a number of leading citizens belonging to the various Christian sects—adjourned to Armstrong street north, where the usual congratulations took place. A recherche repast had been provided for the occasion. yesterday visi tors were also hospitably entertained, and all received a very hearty welcome from Mr and Mrs Marks. It is customary with the Jewish people—who lit all times are re markable for biing kindly nud friendly—to keep open house on the occasions of confir mation ceremonies, also during the obser vance of the Feast of the Tabernacles. Mr W. T.-Jones, the well-known mining investor, has returned from Europe, and his friends will entertain him at dinner to morrow evening, at Craig’s hotel, at half past 7 o’clock. The complimentary banquet of'.the Amal gamated Mining Managers’ Association will be held this evening at the Old Culouists’ Hall. The fortnightly meeting of the City Council will be held this afternoon. The general cummittee of the Benevolent Asylnm meet this eveuiug. The R.M.S. Britannia, from London, ar rived at Adelaide at 6.45 yesterday eveu ing. A banquet in connection with the Wcn douree Rowing Club was held in the Old Colonists’ Hall on .Saturday night, in honor of the recent victories scored by the club. Mr G. Male, ex-secrotary, who is about to remove to Melbourne, was also presented with a handsome illuminated address in recognition of his services. A report ap pears in another column. I-i our report of Beaufort show we omitted to state .that Messrs Brophy, Foley, and D iwling were awarded first prize for “ The Mercer” reaper and binder, which works without canvas, and Mr Frazir second prize for “The Massey,” subject to a field trial. During his visit to'Ballarat on Friday aud Saturday, Mr Perrin, conservator of State forests, inspected ihe Ballarat East Muni cipal Gardens. He complimented Mr Liid laiv, the curator, upon the taste he had displayed in laying them out, the judgment shown in the selection of plants and shrubs, and the evident cure bestowed upon them. Ho informed Mayor Murphy aud Mr Laid law that he hud thousands of trees he could let them have if they applied at the right time. The fire at the stable of Mr O’Neil’s Park hotel, Alfredton, on Friday afternoon was not of a serious character. The building was insured for £2O. The two publicans’ booths for the. Ballarat Turf Club races at Dowling Forest oil Easter Monday have been disposed of privately to Mr F. Paget, of the Palace hotel, Lydiaril street. The fine weather which prevailed yester day was last night followed by rain, which commenced to fall shortly before 7 o’clock. At a late hour the downpour wa3 steady. The master tailors of Ballarat meet to night to further deal with matters relating to the requests made by the Tailoresses’ Union. The following accident cases were treated at the Hospital yesterday:—John Doherty, a young man living at the Holy Ghost Col lege, incised wound of tlie. left thumb, caused by the slipping of a knife he was using; Thomas, a middle-aged man living in Albert street, scalp wound,J.he result of a fall; Mrs Gordon, a middle-aged .woman living in South street, spraiued arm, caused by lifting a heavy weight. During, the temporary absence of Mr D. Cooke, the well-known auctioneer of the firm of David Cooke and Cos., who has gone on a few months’ holiday to Europe for the benefit of his health, the business of the firm, as notified by advertisement elsewhere, will be carried on as usual aud auctiou sales con ducted by Mr R. Maddern, who gives promise of becoming one of our mostsuccessful knights of the hammer. Mr Maddern has been con neeten with the firm for the past seven years, and is well known to the residents of Bal larat, and the good reputation he has won for himself during that period will no doubt assure hitn every success in his capacity of auctioneer to the firm. A successful cake aud "apron fair was held in St. James’schoolroom, Nerrina, on Friday evening. Iu less than two hours the stalls were cleared, and the ladies were euabled to hand to the church treasurer, Mr T. R Lofven, over £ll net profit. During the evening selections of music enlivened the proceedings. The number of out-door recipients of relief from the Beuevoleut Asylum during the past week was 554. There are 267 in mates in the asylum. The following are the names of the success ful students at the examinations in tele graphy held at the Schuol of Mines on 27th March:—Passed with credit, Alice Emily Cameron; passed, Hannah Daun, Anastasia Bliley, Jvaiiie Ferrier Blay, Adeline E Forster, Emily H. Hornsby, Martha E. Barrowclough, Sarah Stewart. The concert at the Academy of Music this evening in aid of the uniform fund of Brad ley’s Ballarat Band promises to be a great success. A good programme has been pre pared. A grand torchlight procession will leave the monument at a quarter past 7, and will be composed of the Ballarat, Ballarat City, Soldiers’ Hill, Buninyong, aud Smythesdale Fire Brigades, with Buloh’s Model, Sebastopol, and Railway Brass Bands, and the Town aud City and Bradley’s Drum and Fife Bauds, with Captain Crau uuge us marshal. A youth named Edward Kennedy was arrested on Saturday night by Plain- clothes Constable Rigerson on a charge of stealing a suit of clothes and £l, the property of John Graham. He was lodged in the City lockup, and will be brought before the City magis trates this morning. Subset ibers and patrous of the Victorian Orchestra are officially notified iu another column of the postponement "of the lass concert. Subscribers’ tickets will be re turned at Messrs Sutton and Co.’s music warehouse on production of the box office ticket. The ninth anniversary of the Town Mis sion Chinese Sabbath School was celebrated yesterday, when special sermons were preached by Mr Clark iu the morning; Mr Husking in the afternoon, aud Mr Lugg in the evening. The school, we are glad to learn, is making marked progress, and is proving a great boon to those for whom it was established. The stage management iu connection with the performance of “ Hamlet ” on Friday night was under the coutrol of Mr A. H. Whittiogon, who deserves great credit for the efficient way iu which he performed the duties. There were 10S patients in the hospital yesterday—79 males and 29 females. During the week 265 out-patieuts were treated—lB3 old, 72 new, and 10 casualty cases. Dr .Salmon is the medical officer, and Dr Pinnock the surgical for the current week." The following vacancies for head teachers and assistants are announced by the Educa tion Department:—No. 2185, Trafalgar, 4th class, head teacher; 2690, Jeetho, sth class, head teacher; 2743, Brunswick South, first female assistant, 2ud class; 1493, Ballarat, male junior assistant; 1912, Footscray, female junior assistant; female relieving teacher. Mr J. Lyuch, C.E. (writes our Linton cor respondent), visited this district last Friday, and surveyed a lease of 30 acres for the Engineer Quartz Miuing Company. This company, whose claim is situated near the railway line, and who had a very successful j trial crashing at the New Kohinoor battery last week, promises to give quite an impetus to quartz mining in this district, where numerous reefs are known to exist, awaiting the coinbiued efforts of capital ami labor to further develop them. The out olfices of the Ballarat East rail way station require the attention of the department. Repairs, &c.;, are urgently ueeded iu the interest ot the public health. The naming of the engine of Ryan’s Free hold Company, Mortchup, took place on Frid >y, iu the presence of shareholders and a numerous assemblage of their friends, who wished “ Rosy Jane” a long and prosperous career. The South -Ballarat police require an owner for a purse containing a small sum of money, found in Sturt street yesterday after noon. Our Smythesdale correspondent writes: “ I have to report the death of Mr George Sherlock, who expired at his residence, Pig goreet, on Saturday. The deceased was en gaged in mining for a good number of years, and at the time of his demise was one of the shareholders in the Hotspur Co-operative Company, Brownsvale. The funeral, as notified in another column, will take place on Monday, at half-past 1 p.m.” A miner named William Sapseid was killed by a fall of earth on Friday’ night at Dunach, near Talbot. Dr Gresswell, the medical expert under the Health Board, is preparing a circular, to be addressed to medical men, asking them to supply the board with statements indicating . the symptoms and history of the cases of in fluenza brought under their notice. The disease appears to be spreading. In the police hospital, Melbourne, there are four constables being treated f -r influeuzi, and on the Orlando 36 men are on the sick list from tile same cause. At the Camperdown Police Court on Thursday a novel plea was set up by a young inun named John Lloyd, who was summoned by Miss Davis for the support of an illegiti mate child. Defendant acknowledged inter course with plaintiff, hut ugeil in extenua tion of his offence that he was “now a married man.” The bench failed to see that leniency should be shown him on that ac count, and made an order agasnst him for 5s per week. The Minister of Agriculture has received information fiom London showing that the lust of the butter shipments was a successful commercial undertaking. The Victorian Gutter sent to Loudon is described as superior in quality to that despatched from New Zealaud. Tli rec applications (says the Heformir) wore granted at the Wurdeu’s Court on Friday for mining leases at Barongarook, distant about seycu miles from Colne. The clerk of courts states that no fewer than 36 applications of a similar nature have been lodged with him for gold and silver tniuiug leases at Barongurook, Irrewillipe, ami Yaugher. The applicants apply for areas rouging from 9 to 3032 acres, and agree to spend from £5OO to £SOOO, if necessary. One of the strongest evidences of the confidence inspired by the new venture is the fact that Mr J. W. Pound, of Melbourne, tbe gentle man to .whom specimens from tbe new claims wore sunt for assay, has personally applied for a lease of S3O acres. The ore is I said to be very rich in silver and platinum. The receut hurricane at King Sound, near Derby, caused the wreck of several vessels, among them being the Undine, formerly a war vessel, and the .Mist. No lives were lost. 