iftoveHst. IN JEST; On a morning in tho early spring of last year two men stood leaning against tho mantelpiece of a room in one of the government offices. The taller of tho two— ho who was at homo in tho room was a slim, well-dressed man, Swearing his hair parted oxaotly in the middle, mid a diamond pin in the sailor knofcof his tio. HiB frock coat was opon and his thumbs were stuck in the armholei of hii waistcoat. Th« attitude denoted com plnceiicy, and tho man wan cnmnla. cont. ,-,??.? 'Well, tho funny part of it is,' he was saying lightly, his shoulder* pressed ngniiist tlio mantelpiece, ' that I am din ing. nt -the Burton Smiths this even ing. ' Ah !' his companion answered, look ing up at him with eyes of onvy. ' And ?- bo you will gaze on her ?' 'Of course.' 'Lucky dog I'1 11 She is to come to thorn to-day. But they do not know about' our engagomont yet, and as sho does tot want to blurt it ouc nio moment she arrives— io for this , . evening it will bo a sooret. I thought I . *'',„- would tell you,' though.' £? ''''*' ,~~, Ho stepped away aa he Bpoko to ih^a^W'''''?'1!'11 « red . morocoo-covered dis E»ll^*§S£££T?toh b?x gliding on the table bohiud $Mra&$ S; i ^rbrT/.boside.Btho flaunting gilt WMffiWW °'Plttt B ' J-O.j'-a modest:plafo wHlitKF C^p*e,r .*jiame ' Ernest Wibboriey ?'--his name. ??-'-', '* The other waitcd.untilho resumed his *5^-; '' v. Ploce.andthenheanswered.lioldinzouthis * t - hand: ? ' Yea, I am glad you told me, old boy. I congratulate you most heartily ' 'Thank you, Jaok. I know you would. Irathorfool myself that 'fate cannot harm me. 1 have dined to any.1 ' ' Happy follow !'- returned Jaok, and presently disappeared. . The Burton Smiths whom we have heard them montion nre tolerably well known in London. Burton Smith ii t barrister with money and many relations —Irish landlords, Scotch members, In dian judgoB, and tho like, His wifo ia young, grnoioug and fond of .society. \- - Tlioir drawing rooms on the topmost flat of Onslow Mansions — rooms with sloping coilings and a dozon quaint nooks and corners— are seldom ompty during tho reputation hours. This particular dinner party bad been planned with some euro. 'Lndy Linacro will come, no doubt,' _, Mrs. Burton Smith had said one day at bronkfust, conning ft list sho held in her hand, ' and Mr. May.' But Burton Smitli strongly objected' to May. ' ' He will talk or nothing but India,' ho protested, 'and the superiority of \- Oulcutfc* over London. A iittle of 'these Bombay ducks goes a long way, my ? dear ' ' Woll, Jnines,' Mrs. Burton Smith roplied— rho Hon. Vereker May is a son 'of Lnid Hawthorn— ' ho will tnke me in , and 1 do not. mind. Only I muBt have Mr Wihberloy on tho other side to make ' conversation and keep rne alive. Let me i. see— that will bo throe. And Joanna Burton— she comes that aftei noon— four. Do you I now, James, when we were at Tomplo Rotliley for Christmas I thought there wng something between your cousin and Mr, Wibberley f 'No I' , 'Yen.' ,;.'?. ' Thon for goodness' sake do not let \- thorn sit together.' 'Why not?' ' Bucuuso they will ohat to eaoh other and to no ono elsii.' 'Tory well,' Mrs. Smith assented. ' i Iihv shall sit opposite eaoh other, and Mr Wibbi-rley ahall take in Mrs. Galan \- - 'i inu. Sho will be suro to flirt with him, ?ind wo can watoli Joan's face. I shall ion hpo if there is anything between ' ilmni then, of course.' ' Very clover plan, my doar.' Mr. Wibberloy was a young' man of ' ',' 'line importance, if only in his capacity ?f priviito socrotary to a minister. He , md a ihousand ucquaintances and cor 'iiinly t«o friends— perhaps three. He , , might be something somo day. He dr Bsed woll, looked ??? woll, and talked .rfoll. He was a triflo conceited j but women like that in young mon, and ho , . had an inunilo tact. At anyrato he had never yet found himsolf in a ploco too . straight for him. This ovening as he dressed for dinner .ho wbb in hia,hnppioit mood. Everything soomod to bo going well with him. Ho was going to a house where ho would bo appreciated. Mrs. Burton Smith was a great ally of his. And thon thero would bo, as wo know, someone- elao. ' Lady Linacro,' said his hosteBS as sho introduced him to a Btout personage with white hair, a double chin, and dia monds. / Wibberley bowed profoundly ovor tho dowager's hand, ' / ' Mr, Muy you havo mot before,' cpn tinued hishoBtess, 'ami you know Miss Burton, too, do you not V I Ho murmured aasont, whilo Jo*nna shook hands with him frankly and quWtly, with th« ghost of a smile, perhaps. JHe played his part well, too, for ft moment, but halted in hia sentence as it. flashed across his mind that this was their frst' meeting since she had said yes. 'He,' re covered from liis momentary ombnrraBS mont, however, and offered his arm. to Mrs. Galantine. . She was an old friend of his — as friends' go in sooiety. Ho had taken her in to dinner, that is, two or three times. 'Who is that girl?' sho asked, when they wore seated, and Bhe raisod her glasses and stared at her viB-a-vis. '1' declare she would be pretty if her nose were not so short.' He seized tho excuse to put up his glass, too, and take a l»ok. . I ' It is rathor short,' ha admitted, gnz-. ing with a whimsical sense of ownership at the deficient organ. 'But some people like short noses, don't you know?' ' And theatres in August, and drawr ing room games and conundrums I But seriously, she would bo pretty if it wore not for that.' 'Would she?' 'Woll, I think she would, do you know 1' And certainly Joanna was pretty, though hor forohond was too large, her noso too small, and her lips too full. Her eyas were bright, her complexion perfect, and her face told of wit and good temper. She had beautiful arms, too, for n chit of nineteen. Mrs. Galantine said nothing about the arms, because hor own did not form one of her attraotivo points. Wibberley, however, was thinking1 of them, and whether a certain bracelet he had would fit thorn. He saw Joanna wore a, braaelet — a sketchy gold thing. He wondered whether ho should beg it for a pattern, or whether it might not bo more pleusant to meaiuro the wrist for himself. . But Mrs. Galantine returned to the olmrge fresh as a rose. ;??. i\ 'She is a cousin, is tha not?' bW' said, speaking so loud thnt Joanna looleij aaro9B and smiled. ' I hays nev'or met h«r before. Toll mo all about hor, ploasa.' ? ' 'Tell her all ubout hor 1' Wibberley! gasped. He saw a difficulty in obeyin;, bb the general conversation was notbmV. and Joanna could hear every word, ? Iio cast an appalled gianco round tho tab!;, : then he bent to his task. ? „ :. ' 'Mrs. Galantine,' he murmured sweetly, confidentially, 'pray— pray b-. ware of becoming a — a potato 1' j Mrs. Galantine dropped her knife ni|»o fork with a clatter. i 'How horrid I A potato, Mr. ? Witt berley ? What do you mom V ,' .„ 'What I say.' ? [ F ' Now, how could I boo am e a potat^Jie 'You see my plate ? It ia a pictled] You have thore the manly boef and |° j f ominino peas, so tondor, bo younj I { ; 1 tho potato it tho confidant — it is insij^J Do yo»i agroo with mo?1' ?? ? . ? i ) ''Bravo, Mr. Wiblnrloy 1 But ami 1 to apply tho parable ?'? sho oskedt gl«V° ing sharply across the table with her; forl uplifted and a poa upon it, '/ 14« t( be tho potato?' ? ' . [ i \--(i-Th- flTslroiconrwtth^(^'-hip^r%;'A Mrs.-Burton Smith, seeing m'ml^_{. sorbod in his companion, gre'jjpuliv. Look as often as sho might at JoainVJ,, iP saw no sign of jealousy or f.olf-consiVitl neas in tho girls face. Joanna seomr. U bo enjoying horself to the full, and tJti' i as muoh interested as any ono at tf'', Mrs. Burton Smith saw clearly thatt^ - was iiotliing betwoen the two. {'» But 'Wibberloy's sucocbs with l.'-fi.; Galantine had its oonsoquouoea. :'fi?.lf\j the ladies had withdrawn he grow.pl'S Ipbi. By ill-luok, too, tho Hon. Voi a..»iu May had raaohed that period of tbojc lin.'. ing when India was aoouatomod to jo , on iti rosiost tints, and the two fnoing7 nc]i other fell to debating on a su'jcct of which the returned oivilian Jiad fiooj much and thought littlo, and the pr vat- secretary had read more and thought net at all. They worn therefore about on a par as to information, and what 'le younger man laoked in obstinacy ho mfle up by readiiioBS. It was in vain the §L. bob blustered, osserUd, contradioteS fuially grew sulky, silont, stertororiv Wibberley pushed his triumph, and soor, as wo shall see, paid for it dearly, ' ? : It bo happened that ho was tho last t- entor tho drawing- room. The |eve|iiig was oh illy. Tho lading had g^ithenl round the fire, proteotod from asoauljt b a couple of gipsy tables bearing shafyl lamps. The incomers passod ono byAiio llirouffh these outworks— all but Wibior ley. Ho cast a despairing glancoj'ut Joanna, who was by tho fireplace in ihe heart qf tho oitadel ; and than, resigiirig himself to separation, he took a low cia'ir by one of tho tables and began to 'uvn over the books thereon. He acaiued them all, aiid thon his eyes fell oi a bracelet lying by them on the olivo gVen plush— a sketchy gold bracelet with' one big boss — Joanna's. He looked at the rest of tho partywith a stealthy glance. None of them miod hiB way. They were discussing a pioto graph of children on the ovor-manto'. 'He stretohed his hand out softly and co-ored tho bracelet. Ho would take it for i j at tern, and to-morrow Joanna should rait Om it. He tried to catch her eyo, a( his iingors eloacd on it. Ho wanted tj bco her face change and her color rise/ It would havo added to tha faint chaU i in the boyish, foolish act he was commit ing if sho had been privy to it, yot utia°il- i to prevent it. j But sho would not look, and he t-as obliged to be content with his plii^or. Ho slid the trinket deftly uiulot tho fringe of tho table and olasped it in'lhia arm. Ho had ft keen boiibo of the r'dfon lous, and he would not for all tha Vrb'ld that anyone besides Joanna should kntw of tho act ; that doddering old fossil of a May, for instance, who, however, \rhs safe enough — standing on the lio;irtK-riig with his back turnod and his nlow jnind forming an opinion on tho pliotoprapli. Thon Wibborluy began to liiid|'..tho party dull. Ho paw small cimnco'of a private word nith Joanna. Lady'L'n aero, his noarost neighbor, was prosihg on to Mrs, Burton Smith, his no^t I nearest. And ho himsolf, after shining &t;/ dinner, had fallen into tho back ground. Liang it, ho would go. It was to'n o'olock. ' Ho roso, and was stooping across tho tublo murmuring his oxcubob to his hostess, whon Lady Linacro uttorod an exclamation. Ho was leaning botween hor head and tho lamp at tho moment, ?-nd ho fancied he had touched her head dress. ' . 'Pray pardon mo, Lady Linacro 1' no oried, gaily. 'I am just going — I ?nave to loavo early — so the oucroach ?'rnont will bo but for a moment,' i ' It is not tlmt,' tho old lady replied. ' But oh 1 whoro is my brncolot ?' '; Sho was feeling about tho tnblo as sho bpoko, lifting with hor white, podgy ?hnnda the iow volumes that lay on it. J No one on tho instant, howevc-r, seemed to taico in the' situation. ? Mrs. Burton Smith hud risen nnd nas listening to Wibborloy. Tho others were talking. Lady Linacro was used to attention ; and ,-whon she spoke again hor voice was shrill fjnd almost indacontly loud. I' Whoro is my bracolet I' sho repeated. f Tho ono with tho Agra diamond I was Blowing you, Airs. Burton Smith. It j.ras here a momont ago, and it iB gono 1' Wibberley was still speaking to his hostoBB. Ho hoard tho old lady's words, jbufc did net cloarly npply them. Ho finished his leavo-taking almost at his llcisuro, and only as he turnod recol lected himself and said with polite solici tude : ' What is it, 'Lady Linncro ? Havo you dropped something?' He stooped as ho epoke, and sho drew her skirts aeido, nnd both peered at the floor, while thoso sitting near asked : ' What is it, Lady Linnore ? What havo you lost?' ^ '! 'My Agra diamond 1' bIio repliod Iu8sijy, her head quivering, hor fingers groping about hor silk flounces. , 'No T'said somoono in surpriso, , ' ' Yos,' sho returned dismally. 1 ' Why, it waB here n moment ago. I iaw it in your hand.' - Tho old laity hold out her wrists. ; ' Seo for yourselves. I have not got t,' she said, foobly. ?; 'But arn you suro it is not in your ,5p?' naked Barton Smith. ' Lady Linacre had an ample lap. ' By this time tho attention of the whole pnrty hud been drawn to tho loss, and ono or two of tho most prudont looked uncomfortable. 'No ; 1 am sure I laid it on tho tabio by my sido. I was going to put it on when tho gontleman came in, and— it is gone 1' Sho wa3 quite clear about it, and luoked mildly nt Wibberly for confirma tion. The tablo wns botweon them. She thought he must have aeon it lying thon, Mra. Burton Smith being the only person oloao to the table, j Burton Smith saw tho look. ('1 Bay, Wibborly,' appcnling to him h\lf in fun, half in earnest,' you have not hidden it for a joke, old fellow?' ' I ? Certainly not.' ~-To-this day ErneBt Wibborly wondors when he first made tho discovery of what he had done— that ho had taki-n tho wrong bracelet. It was not early — it was jiot until the owner had twico proclaimed Ijior loss thut he felt himself redden and nwoko to the consciousness that tho bracolet was on his own arm. He might have said at once, ' By Jove 1 7 slipped It on my wrist in pure nbsonoo of mind,' but bucIi excuses to avail muBt bo made at once, and he hesitated. Then oaoh momont mndo tho avowal moro difficult and lets poisililo, until his host nBkod him if he had hidden it for a joke, and he -had answorod with well foigned sur prise : 'I? Certainly not.' Afowof tho guosts wore peering stupidly about as if thor oxpeoted to find tho lost wiWu ixtla. flowor vaao .or. within tho globe of a lamp. Presently iheir hostess alayed thcBO exploration!). 'Wnit a momont! I have it 1' aho cried, raising her head. 'Woll?' from several. 'John must havo found it when ho brought in the tea. Ring tho bell, James, do, nnd wo will ask him.' So it was done. John came in and tho question wns put to him. 'Yos, air,' ho unBWored, readily; '1 snw n brncolot on this tablo by tholamp.' \- Ho iudicatod tho tablo near Lvly Lin acro. 'Did you moyo it?' 'Move it, sir?' tho man reponted, surprised by the question, the silcuoo, and the strained faces turned to him. 11 No, air, certainly not. I snw it whon I was handing tho tea to — to Mr. Wibbor loy, I think it was.' ' Ah, well, that is all. You may go,' answered his master. It wns not possible to doubt the man's face and manner. But when ho had left tho room an uncomfortable silcnco oiiBUod. ' It is very .strange,' said Burton Smith, looking from ono to the other, and then groping undor the table. 'It is very strange,' Wibberly mur mnreo. Ho felt bound to sny something. Ho fanciod tho others, and particularly Muy, wore casting special looks at him. He felt ns if ho woro each instant betraying himsolf by his changing color. ' It cost,' quavered Lady Linaore, ir relevantly but by no means impertinently — 'it cost fourteen thousand out there. Indeed it did ; and that was before it was sot. A hush fell upon the room. 'Fourteen thousand pounds I' Burton Smith exclaimed. 'No, no, not pounds, rupees,' tho old lady hastily added. ' I understand,' ho repliod, rubbing his head. ' But that is a good sum.'~ ' It is over a thousand pounds, ' said the Indian oivilian, stoutly. ' But good gracious, James !' said Mrs. Burton Smith, impationtly, ' whynroyou valuing Ludy Linacro's jewollory instead of. finding it for her ? It was on this table fifteen minutes ago. Whore iu it now?' 'If nnyono ib doinj; this fora joke,' began her husband. ' I hope — ' ' For a joka !' cried tho hostess. 'I say, my dear,' he persisted, 'if anyone-is doing this for a joko 1 hope ho will own up. It has gone far enough.' There wns n chorus of assent, half in dignant, half exculpatory. But no ono owned to tho joko or produced thobraoo let. 'Woll, woll, I novorl' Mrs. Burton Smith exclaimed. And as tho company lookod at each othor K seoniod ns if they aUo had never known unything quite so extraordinary. ' Rually, Ludy Linaore, I think it must bo somowhoro about you,' said tho host at lnst. ' Would you mind giving your self a good shake, juat to satisfy mo?' Sho rose, nnd was solemnly preparing to agitato her skirts wl)cn a guest said : ' You need not troublo yourself, Lady Linacre. It is not about you.' Tho Honorable Vez-kor May was still standing by tho fireplace. Thcrs was a curious dryncss iu his tonos, and ho glanced from tho dowager to Wibberley. 'Then whoro io it?' rotortod Mrs. Galantine. ' Do you know ?' ' If you do, for goodnoBs' sako speak out,' Mrs. Burton Smith added indig nantly. Evcryono turned nnd stared fixedly at tho Indian civilian. ' You had bettor nBk Mr. Wibberley,'1 snid tho nabob. This was all. But something in his tone produced an electrical offvot on every ono. Joanna turnod rod nnd palo, nnd flashed angry glances round her. Mrs. Burton Smith looked at her husband. Ho looked furtively nt Wibberloy, and was silont. Up to this moment Wibberloy had thought himsolf merely in an awkward fix, from which ho must escape ns best he could, at tho oxpense of a littlo embar rassment and a slight loss of eolf- rospect. But lion' I at the first sound of tho In dian's voice he saw his danger — that social damnation, worse, perhaps, threatened him. His procenco of mind seemed to fail him. Tho room, the ex pectant fnces turned to him, all with that strnngo expression on thorn, swam round before him. Ho hud to lay his hand on a chair to steady himsolf. But ho did stoady himself, so far thnt those who marked hiB agitation did not know whether it proceeded from anger or fear. Ho drew himself up and looked straight nt his * accuser, holding tho chair Buspend.»d in his hands. 'What do you moan ?' said ho. Tho civilian roturnod his gnzo, and said, in cool, moisurod aocenta : 'I should not have spoken if Mr. Burton Smith had not twice apposlod to us — if any joko was boing playod to con foBs it.' ' Well ?' ' Woll, only tils,' ths old gentleman replied j 'I saw you yourBelf take Lady Linacre's bracelot from that tablo a Tow minutes beforo it was missod, Mr. Wib berley.' 'You saw me?1 This time there was tho ring of honest defiance in Wibborloy's tone. If ha felt cortain of ono thing it was that no ono had been looking at him whon the un lucky doed was done. ' I did,' replied the civilian, dispas sionately. 'My back wns toward you, but my ejes woro on thin mirror — ho touched an oval glass in a Yonotiitn frame which stood on tho mantel, 'and I saw quite cloarly. I am bound to say that, judging by tho expression of your faoe, I was assured that it was a triotc you ware playing — a jost.' 'And now?'1 Wibborloy tried to smile. But ho could not. He shook all ovor. Ho felt himself — and this time it was no fancy — growing livid. ' To tho boat of my belief, tha bracelot is on your loft arm now,' added tha oivilian. Wibberley tried to master, but could not, the impulse to glance down at his wrist. Tho idea that tho braoelet might bo viaiblo ovorcamo him. Ho looked down. Of comse thoro was nothing to be soon j ho might havo known it, for ho felt tho hot olasp of tho horrible thing burn ing his arm inches higher. But when ho looked up again, fleeting as had boon his glanoe, he found that something awful hud happoned to him. Ho falterod, and the chair dropped from his hands. He had novor mot suoh looks beforo. Ho road in every faco suvo one suspicion and con demnation. Thief and liar I He read the words in tho oyes of his quondam friendB 1 Yot ho would, ho must brazen it put ; and though he could not utter a wordj'he looked from them to Jontinu. - '- Tho girl's fac was palo and seared. But hor eyes — thoy answorod his right oagorly — woro full of indignation. Thoy held no suspicion. Tho moment his look fell on hor she spoko. ' Show them your arm !' aho oried im pulsi vcly. ' Sho w thom you havo not got it, ErneBt !' Thero was such Boom, such genorous passion in her voice that it did not need tho tell-tale namo which fell so glibly from hor lips to betray hor secrut — at least to tho women. Show his arm ! Ah, that was just what ho could not do! And as ho coinpro hendod it ho gnashed his tooth. Ho saw himself netted and cntrjpped, aud his rnge nnd misery woro so written in his faco that tho bost and moat moroiful of those about him turned away in shame nnd pity. Even tho girl who lovsd him shrank back, clutohing the mantel in the first spasm of doubt and fear. Her words, her suggestion, had taken from him his last chanco. Ho saw it was so. He felt the Nomosis tho more bitterly on that ac count ; ana' with a wild gesture, and some wilder words, ho turned abruptly and hurried from the room, blindly seized his hat nnd wont down tho struct. His feolings 'when ha found himself uutsido wero buoIi as it is impossible to deBoribe in smooth, pnssionlsss Bontencos. Ha had wrecked his honor and happiness -n nn hour. Ho had lost his place among in-n through i chanco word. Wo talk nit.! read of a thunderbolt from the blue, bm 3till tho thing is to us unnatural. Sou.) law- abiding citizen whom a momant'B pasaior. has made a murderer, (some strong man whom a stunning blow haR left crushed and writhing on the ground, a twisted cripple— only these could fitly describe his misery and despair as ho travollid the streets. It was misery he had broi ght on himsolf, and yet how far tho puniihmcnt excooded tho offence I How immoi: sely the shamo nnd exposure exceeded tl o guilt I He had Hod, nnd the lie had nado him a thief. Ho wont ip to his rooms like one in a dream, ana scarcely knowing what he did, tore tin bauble off his arm and flung it on tho mn ltol. By his last act of bring ing it away ho had made his poaition a hundred tin D3 more sorious, but he did not at onco^romombor this. After ho had sat a while with his head bctwoon his hands, wondoring if this really woro him self — if this (foully h.id happonod to him, this dreadful thing 1 ho began to see moro clearly. Still, ho could not nt once make up his mind what to do. Beyond -somo hazy idoa of returning tho bracelet by tho first post and going on tho continent — of course ho must resign his employment — ho had Bottled uotking, whon a step out sido miide him start to his feet. Somo ono knocked at the door of his chambers. Ho stood listoning, struck by a sudden fear; ' Tho police I' ho said to himsolf. But a moment's thought satisfied 'him that it was improbnblo if not impouiblo ; /''-i ?- that this summons fchould bo tboirs ; and ho .wont to the door listlessly and thro* it open. On tho mat stood Burton Smith in a soft slouched hat, his hands thrust into tho pockets of his overcoat. Wibberloy just glanced at him nnd finw that ho was alono ; and then, loaving him to shut the door, returned to his chair and eat down with his hood botweon his hands again. Ho looked already a broken man. Burton Smith followod him in and stood a moment looking down at him un comfortably enough. It is bad to havo had such a icoue as has boun deioribod at your house, but it is worse, if a man be a man, to faco a fellow creature in his time of shame. 'Look hora, Wibberley,' said Burton Smith at length, as much embarrassed as if he had beon the thief, ' it will bo better to hush this up. Givo mo this confounded braoolefc to hand to Lady Linacre, and the thing shall go no further.' His tone was curiously suggestive both of old friendship and present contempt and pity. But when he had to repeat his question, when Wibborloy gava him no answer, his voice grew hunt or. Even then tho man with tha hiddon face did not speak, but pointed with an impatient gesture to the mantel. Burton Smith stopped briikly to tho placo indicated and looked. He was anxious to spare tho culprit ai far as pos sible. Yes, thero was the confounded bracelot. Ho seized it, anrioua, if the truth be known, to eacapc from the place with all speed. But ho laid, it down tho next instant quickly ss ho, had taken it up, and his brows came toirothor as he turnod sternly upon hii companion. ' This is not the liracoUt,' ho snid. Thoro was no smack of old affection in his tone now ; it wag wholly 'lottile. His pationoo wob exhausted. ''It was a diamond bracelet of ereat1' vnluo that Lady Linacre lost, as ?ji.u Vuo\v. This is a plain gold thing vlrth twp or throo pounds. For heaven]*' sal | man !' ho added with sifddon rvahomonco, 'for your own Bake, do noi.'jluy tho fool now. I say, wake up, Wil torlor. For God's sake whero is the bracelot?' No doubt despair hai partially be numbed Wib1-erloy'» mind fur still he I'd not spoak, and Burton Smith had to put his question moro than -hca before ho got an answor. When Wiiherloy at laBt looked up it was with a dazid face. ' What is it ?' ho muttrod, avoiding tho other's naze. .' ' This i» not Lady Linat'a's bracolet.' 'It is not'/' ' ' No.' Still confined, still avoii'ng the other'fi grave look, Wibborlsy yce, took tha braoolct in his hsndan/l j.anced askance at it. Then Burton Siiit,. saw him start violently. / | ' It ii of i)i* inm| shape,' repoaiod the barrister, ice in hi' vc/ico; ha thought the exchange a fooliiV- traniparont arti fioo. 'ButLsdy Lirviru'o braoolot has a large brilliant whor? thst has a plain boss. That ie not Luy Linacre's brace lot, Wibborloy.' 1 Tho accusad man urnod away, the circlet in his hand, anqwont to the win dow, whore ha. stood ir a momont with out looking out into tb- durknau. Tho curtains wore not drcb. As bo stood there, otherwise tnationlsi, his shoulders trembled bo violently tv,iit a certain drondful suspicion soiztd his lato host ; and tho lattar desisted [rim watching him and looked ftbout .torc-yial or a glass. I At tha end of thVniiriuto Wibborloy turned.. Fit' the first {ma no confronted hia visitor. His eya w^Jr» strangely bright, hia face vary psa ; Uut his mouth was strong and firm. , j " I never said it was you know," he answered grimly. " What was ?" " I never said it was Lady Linacre's. It was you who said that," he continued, his head high, a singular change evident in his demeanor, an ncisiveness almost harsh in his tone. " It was you—you who suspected me. I could not show my arm with that bracelet on it." " And whose bracelet is it ?" Burton Smith asked doubtfully. He wa« shaken iln moS.h,iy the suddon chango in tho man'B dijmcalior as by his denial. i ' It is Joanna Burbnif . Wo are en gaged,' Wibberley epltod sternly— so ontiroly had tho two , ion| cEiangod places. ' Sha intendod to tei you to-morrow. I aaw it on tho table ^id cecjroted it when I thought no on* wa' looking. It was a foolish tiling to do.'( 1 'And it wm rny ouiia's braoolet that May saw you take ?' 1 ' 'Precisely.' j. Burton Smith said r.vvJford about tho oivilian that we need not ropoat hero. Then he added : ( ' But why on earth, yd follow, did you not explain ?' -, .'Firstly,' Wib' if replied with force, 'became \rt Wd hara had to proclaim my eiifc,*{ern°ut to all thoBe fools, and I had ni-t Joanna's permission to do that. And^cofidly— woll, I did not wish to oonfenlo bpiug such an idiot as I actually was.' ' Umph I' said Burton Smith, slowly, an odd light iu hisoyas. ' I think you wora a fool, but— you will shako hands 1' 'Certainly, oldohsppio.' Aud thoy did sai very warmly. ' Now, thon,' continued the barrister, his face becoming serious again, ' the question is, whew is h Lady Linacro's bracolet ?' 'That is hardly my bmir.osa,' said Wibborlcy. ' I am euro you will excuse my sayiiift so. I have had troublo enough with it — I know that — and if you don't mind I'm oil to bed.' But though his friend left him on tho instant, Wibborloy did not go to be d a once. Mr. Bur to n: Smith, hurrying home ward — to find when ho reached Onslow Mansions that Lady Linacre'a bracelet had been discovered in a flounco of her dress— would have beon vory much sur prmed ind«ed could ho have looked into the chambers a minute after hia own de parture. He would have scon his frioni cast down on his knoos before a gre: t chair, his faco hidden, his form shale a by wild, hyBtorical' sobbing. For onco Wibberley was moved to the inmost depths of nnturo. It is not given to all men to awake and find thoir doom a droara. Only in dreams dooa tho cripplo got his strength again, aud the mur derer his old placo among his follow mon. Wibborloy wns fortunate And tho lesson — did ho take it to heart ? Woll, lessonB and morals are out of fashion. Oh, stay — ask Joanna. Sho should know. Wuzk thon art obliged to ip*ak,b« sate to ?petk the truth; for'ttaivoertlon is halt way to lying, and lying lii tba wholt way to eternal distraction.— W|dli-ra Fenn. 