Doctor Spencer's Great Orime. I was sitling in my oflice, halt dozing ever an interminablo article on nutrition in the last usedicnl review. The fire in the grate was low, the night was stormy,nod the clock was just on the btroko of eleven. I was about to turn off the gas and retire, for, being a bachelor, I slept in the room connected with my offllice, when there was a pull at the bell. I sltrted up suddenly, for thin was something'quiito new. Middlobury was a decorous sort of place, and the people usually managed to be taken sick at sea onablo hours. Old Mre. Jerome had been threatening to die for the past five years, and every time I visited her she solemnly informed me that when the de cisive moment did come she desired me present. IBut as rothing ailoe the old lady beyond now and than an indigeestion, from too high living, I had never yet been called upon to be percent at her death. Now, I thought, it must be that old Mrs. Jerome is going. I took up my night lamp and went to the door. A gust of strong, damp sleet wind nearly extinguished the light, but, shading it with my hand, I discerned the face of a woman. "Come in," I said, holding open the door. She declined with a gesture of im patience. "You must come out, and be quick about it,"esh said, in sharp, decisive voice. I put on my overcoat without demure, locked the surgery door, and stepped into the otorm. As I did so the woman laid a firm hand on my arm, and putting her face close to mine, said : "Doctor Lockwood, can you keep a secret ?" " I think so, madam." " Swear it." "Ia this aecret of yours of a professional character? That is, is it anything you wiah to confide in me as a medical man ?" 'It is." " Very well, then, I swear it." "That is tight." A man respects an oath, though why he should is a mystery, since men's mouths are running over with them. " Whither are you taking me, and for what purpose ?" "To the Clifton loose to see the mistress," was the reply. I started. Clifton House was tithe old mansion recently taken by Dooltor Spencer,a stranger to every one in Middlebury. Spencer was a tall, dark, rather distingusehed looking person, who lhad hung out his sign in the village only a few docrs above mine, but as yet he had no practice. He was unsociable in the rxtreme, avoiding his neighbors persistently, and when le did speak it was in so curt, half savage a way that no one was likely to prclong the converontion. The doctor had a wife, it was said, but no. one had etvr secu her. She was an invalid, and Miss Meorcse, a friend of the family, proeided over the house, and oat at th- head of tbh table. Miss Melrose w-as very beauti ful, and won the admiration of all who visited Clifton House by her ease of manner and fascinating conversation. "As we walk along, let me explain to you just what is necessary for you tu know. My mistress is very ill," said my companion. "I beg your pardon-is it Mrs. Spencer or Mier Melrose?" - She laughed bittlerly. " Mlis Mklrese I I would stab her to the heart rooner than own her for a mistrcre. My mistress is a lady-noble, royal and of gentle birth. It is an honor to serve her." "And is she ill? How long soice?" "' er rsinco she married him-curse him I" slte muttered, in a fiercer tone. "But I must not get excited.. I must tell my story, or rather hers. Two years ago, through the desire of her dying lather, Alice Ilendon beo came James Spencer's wife. Before that she was a healthy, blooming girl; immediately after their marriage she began to fail. Do you see anything strange in that?" "Not. necessarily." "Lt me enlighten you further. Doctor Spencer was at one time engaged to Miss Lucille Melrose. but hoe broke the engage ment, and married my mistrees instead. Miss Melrose was as pooeer as Job's turkey. bliss Hendon was an heiress, and Doctor Spencer was deeply in debt and hard pressed by his creditors. Do you ree anything strange in that?" "Perhaps so. Go on." " When my mistress married Spencer she was only eeventeen, and had been taught to obey her father ih everything. Shebo was a gentle, esffctionate child, and it would have been easy for Spencer to have won her love. Bat he did not care for that. It paid his debts and bought himfuet horses ; it set his table with nice and costly dishes, and put it in his power to keep isse Melrose rsh"ed like a queen. And all this time my mistress ban been slowly but surely sinking, and look you, Doctor Lockwood, I think she is not dying of disease, but of "--she lowered her voice to a whisper as she spoke the word "poison !" " Impossible ! This is a grave charge." " Of poison given her by her husband, who, at her deatih will have the sole control of her property and be free to marry liss Melrose. There is no time to explain the details of the thousand and one circumstance which has led me to believe it, for we are almost at the door. It is never the case that tiss Melrose and Spencer are out tho hq~gee at the same time, or I should have called a physician be fore; but to.night they are both called away by the death of Mise tMelrose's sister, and will not be back until to-morrow,. With the consent of my mistress I came for you, and oh, Doctor Lockwood, I pray you rave her. I nursed her when her mother died and left her a helpless infant; all through her innocent youth the was like on own child to me ; and now toese her fading hourly before my eyes ! G(reat Hleaven I II I knew beyond a doubt that he was guilty, his life should pay the forfeit." I was already beginning to feel a deep interest in iMrs. Speneer, althlough I had never seen her, and like her own neure I was beginning to feel a deep animscity for Doctor Epeoccr. Mor. Spencer received me in her bed charmber. It was on the scpnd floor, and was furnished wilth exaquisito elegance. Everything in the room bespokl the rehfined taste of the occupant. Tie wvarm air was fragrant with the odor of heliotrope, and glancing around I saw thie purplei blos.soms and green leaes'in an alabaster vaes on the edge of the south windlow. She was a woman who, once seeno, could sever be forgollen. I have met in my lifo mann Is be-utifull woman, but never one so0 lowvly. S1e wv.a tall and etraight, with a porely oval face, liquid brown eyes, and a dash of brhectic in her ehcki whilch in not seen in hcallb. She received me Igracefully, as I iknow ehe did every one, and though there ewas a elight embarraeament in ber manner slwhen I spoke of her illness, sheanswered my proicssional inquiries without hesita tion. As leor myself, I laid aside all flse delicacy and quastioned her plainly as to her symp tomis. Mrs. lurd, thenuree, remained in the room, anl added many important items of inflormsaton. Wihcn eshe spoke cI her husbandit es with a sort of hIopoless eadne?ss which distresed me !reatly. Not a breath of esupicion pagainst him waa in hier answera to my qucs tionse, and I felt sure that at preeent Phe knew nothing of such Erious alnprehun sions. 1 was gladit was so, for, with her finely strung organieation it might have produced serious results. I made my examination of the patient as closely as I could, and drew my own cncluasi:ne. I could li-ye sworn that iMrs. Spencer daily s wal!owed arernio in small quantities, and the deadly drug was telling on her constitution. t' She said, anuwering my questione , that eoe had no physician except her husband. U, thought himself better acquainted with her case, and therefore batter qualified to treant her. lie never left medicine for her to take ; he always brought it from his oflice and administered it promptly. There was little I could do in su-eli case. Anxious to do everythirg, the very circum. starces of the affair left me nearly powerlese. A charge of sueach nature, of course, I could not make against Doctor Spencer without the proof. .If I hinted a suspicion everyone would set it down to my professional prc judice; and if I could not substanutiate my statement the doctor could make me pay dearly for ouch a slander uttered against him. The only dependence seemed to be in Mrs. Hard. To her I unbosomed myself freely. I told her without reserve that I thought Dr. Spencer was killing his wife by slow poison, and I besought her to constantly watch to eave the victim, and discover some proof by which we can fasten the guilt on her hus band. She emiled grimly and promised obedience, and I gave her a powerlul antidote for the poison I suspected, and went home perturbed and anxious in mind. I did not sleep that night, and all the next day I was in a high fever of excitement. A ring at the bell made ma tremble-a step on the gravel out. Fide toy citie stopped my breath, and I hardly know what I expected to hear. I fel: sure that I ehould hear something before I slepjt, And now I must tell the story as it was told to me. Doctor Spineeri returned home themorning after my visit to the Clifton House. He looked wretchedly, the nurseo said; appeared gloomy and depressed. Miss Melroee came with him, and looked decorously saaover the death of her sieter. Wonmen of her stamp always do mourn to perfection. They neitber overdo orunderdo the thing, as women of fceliog are likely to do. Doctor Spencer came at once to his wife's chamber. lHe thought that she laooked ill, and prescribed a cordial at once, saying he woull go and fetch it. .' You are ,always ordering cordials for her," said Mrse. Hurd, musingly. " Why not toae something yourselfl You look like a ghost I" Doctor Spencer eyed her keenly, but replied composedly : " I think I will ahoke some of the cordial myself, for I do not feel quite well. Alice dear, shall I bring it here and drink your health I" Mrs. Spenear smiled sadly in aseent--ho never disputed her husband- and he went nut. P'resently he returned with two glasece. Both contained liquor colorless and odorlese. Mrs. Hurd was watching him with her heart in her throat, for she told me that she felt the decisive moment had come. There was something in the grey.pallor of the doctor's rigid face that told her of a deeper. ate purpeee in the man's soul. He lifted the glass to the right of the tray and gave it to his wife. ~' Drink it, dear," he said. ' It's a panacea for all evils. I am also going to take a glass of it," anod he pointed to the gless still on the tray. Mrs. Spencer accepted, and was putting it to her lips when Mre. Hurd interrupted. " If you will bring her a tumbler of water, doctor. Mrs. Spencer complains that the cordial leaves a bad tantelin her mouth, and my old bones are so full of rheumatism that it nearly kills me to go down stairs." The doctor turned and bent on her a look as though he meant to read her through. But she kept her face passive. If he had any suspicions her manner quioted them, and putting down the glass he left the room. Then Mrs. Hurd changed the position of the glasecs. When he came back-and he was gone but a moment-the nurse stood exsetly where he had left her, and iMrs. Spencer was lying back in her chair with her eyes closed. Again he lifted the glass-this time it was the one iptended for himself-and placed it at the lips of his wife. She swallowed the contents, drank a little of the water he brought her, and thanked him in her sad, sweet way. "Now for my own cordial," he said, with affected gaiety. "I indolge in something stronger." As he Epoke he tossed off the mixture. " It made me stone cold to my fingers' ends to sec him do it," said Mrs. Hurd, re lating the circumstance to me, " but as Heaven is my witness I felt no conscience. I argued like this: 'It it was simply cordial. it would do no harm; it it was poison, his blood would be upon his own sinful head.'" He went to bed half an hour afterward, complaining of fatigue. In the morning they found him dead. I was called to the post-.moriem examination, and we discovered no the stomach of the deceased a eullieiene quantity of a deadly poison known to modern science to kill half a dozen men. My brother physicians agreed that the man was insane, and had probably taken the dose in one of his unsettled fits of mind. I did not dispute them, but, even before iMrs. Hurd told her story, I had my own theory as to the cause of his death. There was no public cx posure, however. Mrs. Hlurd and I agreed that it would profit no one to make the wretched cflair public, and so we kept our ow n counsel. Miss tHelroae, in spite of my conviction that she had an active part in the conspiracy against Mlr. Spenoar's life, I could not help pitying. Such a miserable, worn,and baggard face as hero I have never sEen, and when they'buried Doctor Spencer she was conlined to her bed with brain fever. I attended her in her illness, but, though ohe recovered in health, she was never herself again. She was a harmless maniac, whose delight was in gathering flowers and decora ting the doctor'o grave with them. She is living still, and still gathers lowers and laye them on that grave, singing to berself a low incantation, which no one ever pretends to understand. Not until Mlrs. Spencer had many days been my wife, and the faithful Mrs. Ieurd slept under the violets, did Alice know the peridy of her former husband. When I told her, after the first EloolCe Was over, she crept into my arms and whis pered: "Lct il it ihad not been for James' crime I ohould not have found you, 1erbert. So good sometimes comes out of evil." Waiv. is the reason that all children are geniuses--thoughl they contrive so soon to outgrow that dangerous quality-except that they never cross-examicne thempelves on the subject 1 The moment that process begins, their Fpecoh loses its gift of unexrpectedness, and they become as tediously impertinent as the reelt of us. Pna.CTiCu.h application is the only mordant which will setel things in the memory. Study, without it, is gymnastice, and not work, which alone will get intoellectualbread. No one can ask honestly or hopefully tobe delivered from temptation unleos he has himself honestly and firmly determined to do the best he can to ?eap out of it. A .cee will be behind whlile he follows a leader, and will comprehlend the eenre of hig own exioanc only when he gOCe inde I pendnt. N-ram: iv uphelld by antagonism. Passions, resi:tance, danger, are educalor. We \oacquire the streecth we have overcome. TneaE all men and women considerately and you will be surprised at the dividends Sthat come to you daily and yearly. SIT is a wi?s rule to take the aworld as we find it, not always to leave it so. 