Roses and Diamonds. BY AGNES nnENT. They lay before her— a necklace of ex quisitely wrought gold, set with flashing, diamonds, that g'ittercd and sparkled ip'the' light of tho morning bud, like eyea pf living fire, and a bouquet of rare whito ro^os, pqro and dainty, interspersed with sprays of feathery smilax— fit ornamentB for a queen, Estello Gordon raised tho o&ae; whioh con tained the jewela, and from it drew a tiny piece of folded paper. She opened it, and read for ihe seoond timo tbe words it con tained. Aa she returned, the paper to the case, a flush of iriamph stained her beautifal face, and ,an exultant light leaped into ber dark eves. She bent her raven head above the flaraing't-tonce,.and a smile ourved the soarlet of ber haughty ehovfiaid softly : 'At lact — at. last 1 From obildhood it has been my dream. Wealth, social poeition —in exchange for these, surely beauty and youth ehould be. gladly given. As Boger Wolverton's wife, I shall bo forever free from poverty's galling chain; my lifo will be bright and bcautifnl os a butterfly's summer. No longer dependent upon _tbo bounty of others, mittrcss of an elegant homo, first in the'heart of a noble, honorablo man — what more could woman desire 7' But tho smile slowly faded, and the jewel caBO slipped from her hand, aB her oyea fell on the roses, white , and fragrant, sending out their muto appeal for the donor. She raised the card attached to tho bouquet, a.nd aa »bo read tho one line written thereon, the light of triumph fled from her eyea, and in tteal thero camo an expression of.tender, wistful yearning. 44 1 wonder what lifo would be without him,' ehc murmured, as she buried her faoe in the rosea, 44 without the eound of hia voice, without tho touoh of hia hand. Could old Boger Wolvcrton and his diamonds com pensate for the loes of hia love ?' Her eyea fell again on the card. 41 EbteiJle: — Will ycu wear my roees . to night, aa a token that j^may somo 'day oall you wife ? 'H/hold Lacy.' 'Rosea and diamonds,' eho murmured. 41 Boaos aud diamonds I Whieh ehall it bo ?'' When Miss Gordon, accompanied by her that evening, all eyes were turned toward the tall, graceful figure robed in gleaming whito satin. Her beautiful faoo waB aglow with smilen, her dark eyes wero flashing with exoitement; ahe had never appeared more lovely to tho somewhat indistinct vision of Mr. Roger Wolvcrton, who now appeared be fore her, and offered his arm with an evident air of proprietorship; for around Estelle Gordon's beautiful ncok was fastened a diamond necklace. With a laughing glanoo she placed the tips of her white-gloved Augers on his eoat sleeve, and together they moved down the room, tbe cynosure of all oyea. From a ourtaincd recess Harold Laoy ?watohed them. When thoy were nearly op posite the spot on which he stood, he leaned eagerly fcrward and scanned cloeely the form of the woman he loved. His roses wero not there! He passed his band across his eyes, as if , something marred their sight, and looked again. ' No, neither in. the raven hair nor on i the white breast lay the flowers be longed to I eee. ; I ' Two men were standing near, and as in a ! dream their worda reaohed him. 4-Our 4 queen rosebud '.has at last been plnoked,'* said one. 44 What do you mean 5' queried the other, carelessly, 14 Why, my dear boy, where are your eyes ? Do you not perceive the 4 this is my pro perty, I have bought and paid for it ' air with which old Wolverton is regarding Miss Gordon? And surely that necklace has not esoaped your observation? fPauper uncles, however fond, are not, as a rule, given to be stowing coBtly ornaments npon the children of their dead brothers. You may rely opon it, that necklace is not the outcome of Cap tain Gordon's generosity. Don't you think it lookB like old Wolverton?' Laey waited tp hear no more. Surely he must bo dreaming. Sbo had told him her love in all but words ; tho man had lied ; she had forgotten his roses; they had never reached her, porhaps. No mistake should wreok their Uvob; ho would allow no jealonB anger to part him from the woman he . adored. With a few quiok strides he reached her Bide, and aftid quietly : ' Will you waltz with mo ?' Mr. Wolvcrton waa not an adept in the art of dancing, as hia betrothed vory well know. It waB not quite the proper thing to leavo his sido at eo early a Btage-of the even ing's proceedings, but involuntarily eho murmured an assent as she met the steady gaze of Lacy's eyes, and tho next instant ; they were floating down the room together, to tho strain of an enchanting waltz. It waa for tho laat time — to-morrow she would bo bound in all honor to another; after to*night he would go out of her lifo forever, and henceforth their paths would diverge. Well, sho would forget in time, and he Like the sharp thrust of a dagger came the thought that some day he would love again. Sbo bad not thought before that tho heart she so ruthlessly cast aside might some day be offered to another. Ah, how blessed the woman who would listen to the music of his voico in that word 44 wifo.' But sho had ohoscn, and chosen well, ebe told ho-self, with a determined flash of her eyes. She would abido by her ohoic^-between rosea and diamonds. The music ceased and they stood together near a window whioh opened on a verandah, Without a word ho drew aBide tbe hangings, and led out her out into tho sharp, chill air of the winter night, Tbe stars looked down upon tho snow wrapt earth, and from far away there camo. the clear, Bwect sound of a bell. Estelle felt her heart bound violently, and a tremor of delicious exoitement thrilled ber from head to foot. Would he tell her of hia love ? Should she listen to themusio of bis pleadings? There was something akin to pleading in his voice, but his faco was stern and cold, aB ho said slowly : ' 14 1 wish to know if you reoeived the roees and the card attached,, whioh I sent thie afternoon!' | 14 Yes,' sho murmured, faintly. I His face whitened visibly aa he put tbe I next quoation. I 'Did you wear bia diamonds in preference | to my rotes ?' 41 Yes,' she answered again, but in bo low a tone that ho beard it with difiioulty. For a moment neither spoke ; then Laoy offered his arm with a frigid bow ana Bmile. j 14 Shall wo return to the drawing.room? The night air iB exceedingly oool.' 41 Close the bl'nd \ Margaret, and then lay out my dress for ; ha evening.' 'Yes, madam.' Mrs. Wolverton's maid . moved ewiftly about tho room until the oommand of her mistress had been obeyed, and then Btood ro speotfully awaiting further orders. 'You may go now; I do not wish to be disturbed for an hour.', 14 Yes, thadam,' As the door closed behind the woman, Mrs. Wolverton leaned languidly baok among the cushions of. her easy ohair and placed her daintily slippered feet upon tbe fender. Tho firelight fell upon tho graceful figure olad in a crimson satin dressing-gown on tho Blender white hands . decked with rare i jewels, on tho raven hair tailing in ourlB and 1 waves about hor, and on her proud, dark faee -i which had lost nope of Mi old-time : thonuh five years had passed over Estcllo Gordon's head since tho nigh of tho Car* rington'e ball. V \ After an engagement of threo months she bt'Osme tho wife of Boger Wolverton, nnd in R/dibtant city, removed from all early associ- ' aiiens, far from aught wbioh could serve to ?recsU the. memory of her poverty-etrioken girlhood, tho daya passed on one mad giddy - whirl of never ceasing gaiety ? ' Her marriage brought all sbo had hoped for, and every longing which bad' fiDed her ? young heart waa gratified. Queen of the world In whioh eho moved, feted% admired, men vied with each other for her smiles, and all that wealth oould purohase or position command was laid at her feet. Just as Bho began to weary of the life flhe led, when the pleaaares of society began to pall, when she was tired of playing with tha hearts of men, she was suddenly set free. Death olaimed Roger Wolvcrton, and asfloon afterward aB possible his widow Bought -foreign lands. vAfter two years of tnvel she returned to her native pillage, and was now, with ber -n maid, installed in her former homo, the * gnest of her uno'e, Captain Gordon* Her return was gladly hailed by the village society, of whioh she bad onoe been queen. Old friends hastened to welcome tho. wealthy Mrs. Wolverton, old admirers crowded in, and from these she gathered Harold Locy's history during tbe past five years. Her eyes sparkled with pride, and her dark face flushed. as she listened to tho Btory of his ceaeelcsa struggle with fortune during tbe years she had devoted to senseless frivolity,' Succbbb had crowned hiB efforts, however; the fame be bad ooveted, tho wealth for whioh he had labored bo faithfully had come at last, and now, aB a member of' the Jegal profession, his uanjjrffljjjj^er the Aa sho sat to-day befori^S^^^HKfire;' her dark eyes fixed on a smile parted ber lips, ari^^^^Hptual expression of mockery faaSPj^^S her fade. ' He is mine I' BhVsaid eoftlyi ' Mine, mine I Ah, lifo is etill full of promise 1 We shall meet to-night; every bitter thought will be forgotten in the greatness of his love, and henceforth life willbe heaven. I wonder if time has changed him 1 Thank Heaven, my beauty is undimmed by years! Tbe woman of twenty-five is aB fair aB the girl ot twenty, who won and oast aside his heart five years ago. Yea, my marriage was a BpccesB ; it gave me tho experionco without-*$iiich I could never have been content, and now fate offers the.'love of tbe man who alone can fill my heart;' ?. Three hours later, Mrs Wolverton entered the drawing room in whicb, yews before, Estelle Gordon had sold herself for gold. Mrs. Carrington hastened forward to greet . her. 41 You aro late, my dear ; but since you bo narrowly ecoaped being a stranger, 2 shall pardon you. Come thia way— several of iny friends aro wild to meet yon. I have also an extremely interesting couple to represent, . Harold Laoy .and hia wife. What is it my dear Eatelle, yon are as white as a ghost, and oh 1 you have broken that beautiful fan.' ' It is nothing, 'Vmnrmured Mrs. Wolver ton. ? With a mighty-, effort she steadied her voiop, and said carelessly : ' Is not Mr. Laoy'a marriage. a reoent event?' ^ :A 'Quite recant- and very BUcWen.. though - not altogether unexpected. He ba's been be- ' trothedforayear to Alice Lennox» wtom he ? met; while on a visit to a neighboring~town. They were married yesterday, ahdrl'oaino ' directly to Harold's home in .tho .^lfflge.-' Fortunately I was informed bt.;wbl5 bad ^' taken placo in time to have them with ha/ thia evening. But they are ooming^tbia way . now — ia sbe not pretty ?' For a moment a sound like the surging ol many waters filled Estelle Wolverton's ears, ! and she was blind to all around her. Then~vj eelf-poBEceeion returned, and with a smile and gesture that betokened a thorough. ? v woman of the world, she advanced with her hostess to tUBot Harold Laoy and hiB wife. There were but few in the room who were ignorant of Laoy's. former devotion to the fasoinating Estelle Gordon, and all eyes ' were upon the trio when they met beneath - the brilliant lights of tbe chandelier. Mrs. Wolverton, resplendent in blaok satin, diamonds flashing on . her breast and in her hair, her queenly form drawn to ita full height, gazed for a moment searohingly at the woman whom Harold Laoy oalled his wife. ' / She Baw a tiny, ohildidh figure arrayed in some white, olinging, Bilken stuff, a pure .. dimpled faceframed by a eoft mass of golden curlB, a pair of innocent, honest blue eye«, a small-white hand on wbich shone a wedding ring, and oh, irony of fate 1 white roeoa and: similax in the lace at ber throat. They ooon moved on, and with a pang like the bitterness ot death, Estelle Wolverton realised that she bad lost Harold forever. ' Ho loved this golden-haired wife of bie, and sho, tho woman whom five years beforo be had adored, was naught to bim* She soon withdrew from the brilliant throng, and when ebe reaohed ber ohambcv, dismissed her maid and bolted the door. Alono with her dead hopes, her ruined life, her stained soul. Alone with the torturing regret whioh seemed to Btifle ber. With ber head bowed on her arms, her hands clasped, her bosom heaving with a Btorm of passion-, ato sobs, she^ eat through the loog hours of tho night, 44 My lady here alone, May think, till her heart is broken, - Of the love that is dead and gone,' Of the daya that with no token Forevermore havo flown.' Harold Laoy was avenged, for in despair unutterable his old love repented her ohoioo between roses and diamonds. 