Cities and ^Ectcíica. [MOW mst PDELUnÉD.] BY ORDER OF THE CZAR. I TBK TRAOIO BTOEV OP ANNA KLOSSTOCK, TUE QUEEN OF TUB GHETTO. BY JOSEPH HATTON. Author of " Cruel London," ?? The Three Recruit*," "John Needhem'e Double/' &o.; [AU. KIOUTâ RESERVED.] CHAITER VII.-IN THU ROYAL PROCESSION. " The Coantees Htravensky V (aid Phillp, repeating lleppo'e information, " Yea, air, a Russian «lio looks like a Yeoetian." "Your friend?" remarked Jenny, with a curious note of interrogation in her tone and manner. "I presume so," auld Philip, as calmly as he could, with his heart beating at double quick time, and all bis good virtuous resolves evaporating. " An unexpected surprise," said Walter, " Yon shonld surely s»y an unexpected pleasure," remnrkod Dolly, who was Instinc- tively and otherwise jealous of the Russian beauty. " Did you know she was coming to Venioeî" asked Jenny. " No," said Philip. " I uuderatood she nae going to St. Petersburg." ''Did she know we were .coming to Venioeî" Dolly aeked. ' 1 " I don't quite remember i perhaps my mother may have mentioned it," sala Philip, soddenly finding his voioe. " She is no doubt here for the fêles. " " No doubt," said Jenny. They slackened speed by the'Bridge of Sifhs, where a batce-load of musicians were entertaining a little cluster of gondolas in which were many merry people, who joined pianissimo in the chorus of "Funiouli Funioula." The moon ehone full opon the canal, and the scene bad a aoothiñg and fascinating effect. Philip found himself strangely under its influence. None of the little party spoke for some time. Dolly's hand found its way to Philip's in a timid inquiring fashion. Philip strnggled bard to hold it with the elnoerity that bad a few minutes before actuated all he had said and felt in regard to Dolly and the future of their two lives ; but the red gondola bad left behind it a trail of feverish sentiment, and he was onoe more in imagloation travelling with a oertaln passenger by train from London to Dover. How mean and untrue be felt au at onoe, how unworthy of the confidence of the pure spirited, high-minded, kind-hearted London Kiri I " " We viii return now, Beppo," oiid Mr«, Milbanke. " Yee, Madame," seid Beppo. The two gondoliers bent their backs to their work, end the boat rushed through the moonlit waters. In a few minutes they wero at the hotel. " It la a showy boat, that red gondola," re- marked J> nny to Beppo, aa he gave her hiB hauil for the shore. " Oh, yee," said Beppo. " But we shall look ss smart as tbst to- morrow, eh, Beppo?" said Walter. " Yes, yes,"slid Boppo, grinning ; "your excellency has good taste." And he had ; for thc nest day when Beppo and hie comrade took off their hate at the steps and offered their broad palms to assist the ladies into their pretty vessel, both Dolly and Jenny expressed their surprise and delight. "Beautiful 1" said Jenny. " What a change I Is thia the same gondola 1" asked Dolly. Beppo showed his white teeth, and his fine figure was complemented by bis fine dress, a rich blue cloth with crimson sash. The gondola W»B elegantly furnished with blue silk cushion« and Oriental rugSf and at the shining steel prow there fluttered a tiny silk Union Jack, the red and blue of which the bluish-green water reflected back again as ii in token of amitv and affection. lt was a glorious day. The inn wu far away ia a blue eky. There waa not a eloud. A pleasant breeze came in a warm genial ripple from the Adriatic. It seemed lile an invitation to every sentiment of love and friendship. "All the world is happy," it might have been saying, "and this is the loveliest spot in all the world." Philip tried to think so. On the other side of the lagoon the Chorch of Sent* Maria del Giglio was decorated for illumination at night. On the left, beating up towards them, were a couple of the great boats of the Uiver Po, with pointed stern and enormous rudder, the sun finding out rioh tones in the ridges of their furled eails, the rtd-tasielled caps of the sterns men presenting grateful points of colour on the black and brown of the hull and deck. Aa Beppo leaned upon his oars the gondola shot away from the ahadow of a great P. and V. steamer gay with bunting and sparkling with tiny lamps. The statue of the King was still enveloped in its white covering like a daylight ghost ; and along the riva the glassy trees ready to be lighted at night had an odd out of place appearance. But there was a gay stream of people walking, and quite as much bustle on the water with flashing gondolas and gay barges getting ready to join in the aquatic procession. Ahead, the Campanile shot right up Into the blue eky, the banners of St. Mark's flew in front of that dazzling church. On the right, by the Cus- tom House, a little fleet of coasters rested at anchor, but with their eails still more or less set, brown and yeUow, and here and there deoorated with étrange devices, The church of Santa Maria deua Salute alept on the water, In spite of its frame work of Vauxhall lamps, whioh at night were to mark its besutifnl arohiteotnral lines against the etarrv sky. Flsgs wore flying everywhere. From the windows of the gorgeous palaces hung rioh brocades and Oriental draperies, tapestried stories of ancient days. In the balconies wera pretty women, and below wore picturesque men. Crowds were hurrying from all sorts of by-streets, and boats working their way from all kinds of mysterious canals. It was a wonderful scene. It dazed Phillp. Be had never beheld anything so Impressive in its picturesqueness. All bis memories of Russia, and hm recollections of English out- door displays, found nothing to compare with this informal kind of public demonstration, unregulated alike as regards the people os it was in regard to the decorations of the palaoes, the varied colours of the flying boats, and without a single obstruslve hint of a master hand in the preparations for the illuminations at night. Nothing seemed to have been designed, and yet everything was perfect in arrangement and colour, and so overwhelming was the beauty of the architectural avenue through which they were miking their way, so superb the sunshine, that even the theatrical tokens of the night-to-oome were absorbed, and became unobjectionable. , There was on all hands a general air of delighted expectation. Here and there be- tween the palaces and at odd points, are stops leading to distant water streets, and ! theBO were coigns of vantage for the sovereign I peoplo, who filled up the open spaces. Among these democratio assemblies were i some of the most beautiful women in the world. The poorer citizens of this city io the I sea have inherited a physical loveliness, the tradition cf whioh has oome down to us from , classic history, and which lives in the never i dying art of Italy, in the piotures by famous masters, and better still in the women of this s nineteenth century, who still go about the D streets of Venice bareheaded and with i slippered feet. Presently the fleet of gondolas and gorgeous barges came as lt seemed to a sudden anchor. All the varying and flitting colours of the mo- ment stood still in one spot, aa if the finger of Fate had paused lu turning life's kaleidoscope to permit of a restful observation of some specially lovely design that had been developed after muy ohtngei, It «rai a happy jumble of artlstlo form and, tone.of rad urn eolahr, and subdueoThusi of*rown' and blue in the abadowi. So beautiful wu the picture that it looked ai if it might fade away at any moment, and leave Leicester Sonare or the Strand mookingly behind. ThU la bow Philip felt, and bow be phrased ft th hil mind in one of those momenta when be waa not on the look ont for the red gondola. At length the distant whistle of a railway train waa heard. Then everybody knew that the King and Queen of Italy, the Idol« of the people, and justly so, were ?teaming across the marshes. Nert there was a firing of big guns ; then the muslo of military banda, the air El Bey ; anon there is a movement ashore, and in sympathy there- with a movement an the canal ; at lost the picturesque chaos begins to assume some- thing like a pleasant irregularity of order; the day's pageant has begun. Picture the acene. It ia almost impossible to desoribe it, You might be told the Dames of every great barge ; the period of the oostumee of the rowers ; it would be easy to give you a running Ere of historic titles and architectural characteristics of the pro- cession, each one with a wonderful history ; but by and bye you would begin to skip tho record and search for the gondola. It is therefore best to supply you with material for fancy. You can fill in the details from Euskic, George Sand, Onida, Triarte, Howells, Rogers, and the established guide booka. Get into your mind something of the atmosphere of the most romantic period of the world's history. Think ot the haughty Doges in their magnificent robes. Try and realise what Venice was. Then remember what ehe is, a poetic and pathetfo wreck cf her imperial greatness-the stage remaining with its gorgeous properties, Its superb sets, its coble architecture, its glorious sky, the retors dead and gone ; but to-day moved and radiated with the new life of a better age, with noble aspirations, without, it ls true, the inspiration of barbarlo and oultured art to make the day shine and glitter with gold and precious stones, yet exhibiting artistic links between then and now. Think of these thinge, and then look around you and note this modern pageant with its relics cf the past, ita superb oostumee, and animated with an ambition quite as laudable as that which built St. Mark's and decorated it with beaten gold. Imagine yourself with the Milbankes and Phillp and Dolly Norcott in the midst ol this procession, the most impressive einoe the government of tbe Council of Ten. It is a moving mass of energetio life and brilliant colours. There has been nothing sc gorgeous on these elastic waters sinos the Carnival pageants ot tbe fourteenth century. Among the guests and of the ancient Doges. There Is a family of Greeks who claim descent from gondola decorated after the anoient here in a and with their gondoliers attired manner, olden days. Making its way to a prominent position in a stately barge rowed by a lets in Romeo and Juliet; and close by, another that might belong to the Lady of Belmont. Here is the small red fes, the long bair, the slashed sleeves that one bas seen so often on the stage and in pictures of the time ; in companionship with the men who are propelling the Greek barge are a party of rowers befrocked as one sees them in the illustration to Byron's Corsair. In competition for place is a superb gondola that looks like an exaggerated toy of gold taken from the top of some giant bride- cake, the rowers in blue sailor costume with yellow Bashes. Hising gaily upon the busy waters with swan-like motion in the wake of the rest, and making for the King's barge, ie a barge of white and gold ; it ia followed by another of blue and white-the white being white Venetian lace which trails with the velvet at the atora of the barge, jobina many other draperies and brocades, silks, and laces, that dabble the wator with colour, and add to a reckless generosity of wealth flung hither and thithei, as one con imagine in Italian displays of the past. Foremost an moog aother group of gondolas, is one which is manned with rowers who recall the glories of English county life in the days of Fielding ; a second, not unlike, with servants in plush breeches and tall hats ; a third is a gondola of a barbarlo style, with a hood of fantastio shape, and with men fantastically dressed, the whole effect defiant. Imagine theas and a hundred other notable bosta, gondolât, barges, au making their way to surround the taller vowel of the King, with itt magnificent golden eagles at the prow and a typical figure of regenerated Italy, Yon take your glass and yon find that around the King's barge are other State vessels, the Buoentor, for Instance, with its tradition of the bridal of the Adrtatto ; and alt at once the whole throng of acquatto vehicles begin to dance and make their way to the Royal Palace, amidst the disoharge of distant artillery and the clash and bray of trumpets. The palaces of the Grand Canal rise up aa if from the bosom of the waters. They are brave with ootonr, and alive with excited people. The ann shines, The sky ls a pale ultra-marine ; the whole thing a fairy tate ; and no real that lt makes more than one of the Milbanke party feel emotional. Philip Is lost for the time being in this feast of form and oolour. Dolly sits perfectly still by hie side. Jenny is up and down twenty times to catch glimpses of the Queen. Walter hands his glass to every one by turns beoause it is a very powerful one, and he continually thinks he has spotted the best Incidents of the show. Loog before the cheers from the Rialto have been broken np with other demonstrative sounds, they find themselves really part of the royal barge, and partaking of a share of the gracions recognitions of both King and Queen, who smile their acknowledgments of every loyal oheer, and bow to many a passing and accompanying boat. Jenny notloed that the King gazed approvingly upon their gondola, because it carried the flag whioh Italy most honours among the nations. At the height of the enjoyment whfoh Mrs. af ilhanke felt in hnlna no near the roval barra. the spirits of the party were somewhat dashed (tbongb none of them exoept Philip oould quite explain why they felt the shadow of the incident fall upon them more than upon any other boat) by the Budden appearanoe of the red gondolya It came ahooting forth from one of the little canals right into the midst of the procession, andattrated universal attention, lt stood out from the rest, not only on aoconnt of its positive oolour, but for the singular distinction of the lady who sat enthroned at the bow, in a simple silken oostnme of white silk and Venetian lace, her gondoliers in red and black, with velvet caps ; and her Secretary, Sig. Ferarf, io the ordinary morning dress ot the time. The red gondola took up a position near the royal and State barges, and alongside the yellow and black gondola of the Russian General and his wife, the Princess. The General bowed to the Countess with much impressement, the Princess oontented herself with the slightest recognition that might pass for courtesy. The Countess, Jenny declared, fairly ogled the General ; but Jenny did not like tue Countess, and might have exaggerated the expression of the Countess's face. Philip noticed that the Countess was also honoured by the gracious smiles of the King and Queen. He would not admit to himself that there was something in the glanoe of General Petronovitch that he did not like ; but he had not seen how the Countess had appealed to tho vanity of her distinguished countryman (if a JeweBB may be said to have a country or a countryman outside the pale of her co religionists), in the drop of her violet nves and the nlav of her ostrich fan. When tbe procession arrived at the canal steps cf the palace, the red gondola had vanished as rapidly as it had previously ap {teared, for no sooner bad their MajeBtieB anded, than Jenny and the rest, looking round for the red gondola, did not find it. Beppo, guessing their disappointment, re- marked that Madame the Russian, who looked like a Venetian picture ont of ita frame for the oocaalon, had directed her men to make for the Fatzio Palaoe the moment the King and Queen had left their barge, and he most own that they were a couple of derer gondolier«, though be had sot asen either of .them OD the canal for yeera ; curlou« men ¡ Jews he thought, born In Venice, but of » roving disposition .. fought In the wir, breve enough, hot rolling stones, never know where to here them ; end so on. Beppo telklng to himself ea muon ea to Walter and the reit, Tbe reader of the Brat chapter of thia flection of our story h«B already met one of whom Beppo waa speaking-Paul Petrosky (with the strange sinister taos that we, comedy on one Bide, tragedy on the other), commissioned for Venice Dy Anna Klosstock in the room of a back street in Soho. Tue other man was the friend he had mentioned at the London meeting of the Brotherhood, and both are here to obey the orders of Anna Klosstock and Andrea Ferari, in a great cause. 