HOW THE PiLN WOR1iED. 'Your white roars are juse coming into bud, Lally,' said Aldrich Coue, as he caee in from the garden. ' Blossom HIedge is at its prettiest now.' The coffeo exhaled a fragr'nt odour, the fresh-baked biscuits were of the most delicate brown, and the chickens broiled to a turn, but Mrs. Cone's face wore a most tragic et presoion, as hou sat with an open letter in her hand. ' Aldrich,' said she, hysterically. ' what am I to do? Here's your Aunt Effinglam coming hero next week, with her six children and the nurse' They've had the measles, it seems, and the doctor has prescribed country air, so they've decided to intlict a four weeks' visitation upon me !' ' Oh,' said AlIdrich, guiltily, ' I forgot to tell you. Haidee Clair wants to come here this summer. She requires perfe.t quiet to finish her new novel, and nays she retlins such a de lightful impression of Blossom Hedge from her last summer's visit.' 'Oh, does she, indeed?' said Mrs. Cone. dashing the cream and sugar recklessly into the sea-green china cups. ' And we must remember that your cousin Falkland has kindly rvolun teered to send Andromeda hero for the scmnmer, so that she may forget that love affair of Lers with Jack Jev lvn.' 'I'm afraid see haven't room for 'em all,' said Mr. Cone, reflectively. 'Oh, yes, you have,' said Lally, with tears and laughter struggling in her voice. ' They'll sleep on the hall hat-rack, on the garret floor, or the cellar shelves, sooner than forego the opportunity of getting good rountry board for nothing And I shalldo as I did last year get along without a new winter suit, and do toy own winter hoeae work, because the house. keeping bills were so heavy dulring the summer. All our relations are very ?ereticular. you know. about their eating and drinking, and we had to get new hair mattresses for the Johnson Smythes, and re-carpet Haidee's room because she "perfectly abhorred' the old pattern.' 'Its outlrgoeous !' said Cone, carving the chickens. 'But I don't knowu how we are to help ourselves without being dreadfully rude.' · Tell them plainly tLat ther cannot come.' ' Our relations. Lally ?' rem'onstrate Cone. ' It's an imposition,' said Lally. ' It's only for a little while, my love. Let'em come.' ' It will be for all summer, Aldrich.' 'No, it won't. I'll see tothat.' ' What do you mean ?' 'I've got a planin my head, my love.' 'A plant' ' Yes. You'll see. Only don'task any ques tions.' 'But, Aldrich,' pleaded the young house keeper, with every hospitable inpulse rising up in her heart, ' you mus't treat 'enm rudely.' 'I'll be as pleasant as Punch to 'em, my love, see if I'm not.' 'Aldrich. what are you going to do?' ' Don't I tell you, Ially, that it's a profound secret?' 'But you'lltell me?' 'I'll tell nobody.' And to this platform Mr. Cone steadfastly ad hered, in spite of Lally's protestations and en treaties. The authoress arrived, with several huge trunks, a typewriter and a hamnmock. Miss Andromeda Falkland came by the next train, ' like Niobe, all tears,' and Mrs. Efling ham, her nurse and her six noisy, troublesome young convaleseents brought up the rear. ' Ten people ' said Mts. Cone to that trust worthy and reliable confident, herelf. ' Oh dear! oh, dear ! I might as well have taken a situation for general housework in a summer boarding-house.' ' I don't see,' said Mrs. Pepper, the minister's wife, ' what that young Cone is thinking of to allow his wife to be so overridden with re. lations. The weather is very hot, and she is far from strong. And I am told they sleep them selves on a sofa bedstead in the parlour, to make room for that swarm of parasites.' 'My dear,' samid the good parson, 'are you not exrapeiung yourself rather strongly "' 'I'm only speaking the truth,' said Mrs. P it soon transpired that Mrs. Cone's visitors, like Barnum's happy family, could not ngree. leiss Hadee Claire could not write without the necommaoiment of perfect silence. The little Efinghams could not divert themselves without the hoots and shrieks peculiar to their tender years, and both Miss Claire and Mrs. Effingham took exception to the mournful banjo notes on which Andromeda Falkland was wont of an evening to bewail her blighted love. 'They are quarrelling like cats and dogs,' sighed Lally to her husband. 'Let 'em quarrel,' said Aldrich. ' What larks, ma!' said Erskine Effingham one afternoon as he returned from a succeeful raid upon the hens' nests Ia the bhar. ' We've got to take our hammocks and croquet out of the Maple lot.' SWhat tor?' potulantly iuquired his mwlther. 'Consin Aldrsch hoas sold it.' ' Sold it? How very incosiderate of him:' said Mrs. Effingham. Sold it to whom' 'To the cemetery people.' 'What !' 'The cem-e-te-ry people,' enuuscited Master Erskine. 'The railroal's a-goin' right through t theoldgroreral,, aod the'roe got to hare a new place. I oheard coussin Aldrich tell the carpenter to hbln, that load of fcnce tpsts right off, and Iheuard him say. to, that it didn't matter so much, bhcaoae there had already t been two or three intetments lh:ere.' 'intennents!'t gauled Mrs. Effingham, a 'under our very witdows? Goodness me: I never heard of such a thing!' If ye place, ma.'am,' said De:ia, the nurse, that accounts for it.' 'Accounts for what !' 'The ghost, mum, all in white!' uttered Delia, with chattering teeth. ' I seen it last night. mum. as the church clock struck twelve: an' I seed it the night before. An' I don't wonder, ma'am, the tp.'- dead bodies bcin' dug c up and scattered around this way. And if you plane, ma'oam, you'll suit yoursenlf at once, for not another week will Delia O'Rourke live next door to a churchyard.' 'Mo, ma,' whispered Florence Etingharnm, who had eagerly devoured every word of the discussion, ' I'm afraid of ghosts. Delia says ghosts come after little girls if they son't-' t ' Will you hush?' said Mro. Effiogham, clasping her hands in despair. 'Aldrich, what is this? Have you sold the Maple lot ?' 'Sold it! Why shouldtn'tlI ' said Mr. Cone, t why just then .ome in with a string of speckled brook trout. 'They offred me a npil price, and I'm not arich man.' ' But toa cemetery :' 'I don't know a quieter neighbour than a cemetery,' said Aldrich. 'And I'm told.' said Mrs. Effingham. with a shudder, 'that some interments have already taken place!' ' 'I tdidn't suppose you'd mind it, Aunt Efling ham.'said the young host. ' Mind it! Why it's a semi.larbarous pro- t eceding !' cried the lady. I)o we live in a civilised country or do we not?' 'Ma!' screeched Rudolph Eflingham. the second son, jerking at the maternal skirts, 'here's a load of lumber at the bars, a real big load. Do you suppose that's to make the coffins out of e' Just then Miss Clare stalked, d la Lady Macbeth, on the scene. 'I attach no importance to vulgar supersti. tion,' said she, glarino at Mrs. Etilngham, with l whom she was no longer on speaking terms. 'Of the dead I entert~ain no fear. But the living are quitea different thing. And I cer tainly saw a-man, Cousin Aldrich. prowling aboutthese premises last night, with a dark lantern.' 'The ghost!' sqneaked Delia. ' I hae een him, too! I did, with these eyes, the blessed! saints ?ctuneme and all harm ! Oh ! oh ! oh :' 'Peace. foolish woman!' said Haidee. 'This was no shade ! It was a burly thief, intent no doubt on mischief. I saw him try to open the back parlour shutter, and then Neighbour Foxlcy's waggon drove by, and he disappeared as f by mgic. And I want you to under. stand, Llly.' to Mrs. Cone. 'that I can't stand the nervous shock of this sort of thing. My profession requires that I should be sur rounded by peaceful calm. I leave here to. morrow.' ' An' I'lT go wid yez,' said Delia. ' I can:'t sleep nights in a place where burglars oi climin' uphe the trllis work, and poor ghosts come stalk. in' around when the church clock strikes mid. night, and a whole waggon-lcad more comin' to. morry or next day, from the cimetery : Och, hone ! the like of it nicer washeard before !' ' Ma, ma: can't we go too? We're fraid to star at Blossom llnlge any longer !' }-leaded the little Edinghams in chorus. And so thCre was a general exo,lur. ' Aldrich, is this true ?' said Mrs. Cone. when the last express load of trunks had dis appeared roundth- curve of the road. Is what true ? You're not afraid of ghosts, are you, Lally :' ' No: but--' ' Don't fret, my dear.' said Cone, com posed!. ' The cemetery has purchaled a lot, ut it happens to be Maple Hill. jour miles to the east of us. I'm not to blame, amn I, for Erski:e Etingham's hlander ?' ' But the load of lumber ?' I've sold the place to Dr. Bassett. =nd he's going to build a gem of a Quea .Aune' cottage. I can't imagine any nleusanter neighbours than the Baseetts 'will be: can you ?' ' Y.ycs,' said bewildered Lally: 'but the intermonts that had already taken place theret You said tourself- ' ' My dtarest girl, don't you remember that we buried Minnie. your pet spaniel. under the sweetbriar bush there, and the two canaries last fall?' 'Oh, Aldrich, aren't you ashamed of your self ' 'Who-I? Not in the eost.' ' But thle ghosts, Alnch ? the burglars ':' ' Here comes Andromeda,' said Mr. Cone, with a sudden assumtptios of more than jdtdic Ii gravity. ' Come here. you false damsel. and own up at once what I've already been sharp enouogh to discover for myself.' ' Oh. Cousin Aldrich,' stammered poor An dromneda, bIushing celestial rosn rtd, Ial trying vainly to htde her face behind the bluc-ribb?ultd banij in her hand. ' I am neither Delia O'llourke, nor the Eflicg ham children, nor vet Haidc Clare.' merci. lessly went on Aldnch. ' And I shrewdly sus pect that the ghost was Jack Jocelyn in a white tennissuit, haunting the green tield beneath hissweetheart'swindlow and the burglar no other than Jack Jocelry in bl:ck, cimbngh up the trellis after a letter which hoe well knew where to find. Andromeda blushed redder than ever. 'Now, i'll have no more of this,' said Al drich. with mock sternness. ' Contfes, young woman. at once, that you and your love affair are at the bottom of all this mystification. Jack Jocelyn has omwnet up.' ' Oh, Aldrich?' sobt'el Andromda. ' And w;ll you, too, turn azainst me e' ' Not a bit of it.' said Aldrich Cone, cheer fully. ' IDon't fret. little one, Jack has inst toll methat he has been appointed to a lthou sand-dollar berth in the general post-oflice. and I've written to your mother that things are all right. toe's a jolly gooe fellow. and it isn't necessary for h:m to play ghost out in the cold any longer.' knidromena threw herse:f, we\ping with joy, into Lall Cone's armn, and the two women re- 0 joiced together.' Aldrich smiled. ' MIf plan hasn't workdl so badly,' said he. batutns -t .igqht. 