' CURRENT TOPICS. As wo mentioned the other day Mr. John Hurley, M.P., is now a professed believer in the gospol according to Henry Georoe, and last night he was formally received into the congregation of the faithful. He attended a public meeting that was held in connection with the Single Tax League, and " tostified " from the platform. Whether the Single Taxcrs in the audience sang the Doxology after Mr. Hurley had completed his testimony the report of the proceedings does not mention ; we are in clined to think, however, that they did not express their feelings in that manner. The new convert informed the audience that he was not a believer in the bastard system which at present passes for Free- trade, but was a Free-trader who believes in real Free-trade, and that he would advocate the latter in his place in Parliament. Now Free-trade as advocated by Henry George means Free-trade in grog, yet at the Hartley election Mr. Hurley declared himself to be a full local optionist ; but local optionists, as everybody knows, are liquor prohibi tionists. Wo are to assume, therefore, that when the discussion on Mr. M'Millan's fiuancial statement takes placo Mr. Hurley will fight forFree-trnde in grog ; but when the Local Option Bill promised by the Govern ment is introduced he will take the oppo site course. As it is absolutely certain that the present Government will not propose the abolition of the duties now collected on the necessaries of life, it will bo interest ing to watch what Mr. Hurley will do when the discussion on the forthcoming financial statement lias been brought to a close. Is thero one person who believes that ho will vote against the Minis try ? If there be wo should like to have his head plirenologically examined. The mem ber for Hartley is making a mistake in rowing alternately in the Single Tax and the local option boat j he should stick exclusively to Sir Henry Parkes' steam launch. In view of the manner in which the Premier served him in connection with .the billet pn the Public Works Committee he may feel aggrieved against that gentleman, but ho will see that our advice is sound. For if he is obedient to Sir Henry ho will have a good chance of political sifoty, for a time at least, whatever he may choose to believe with respect to local option or the Single Tax system, whereas if he rcsolvo to be rebellious to that person ho is likely to experience the fate of tho prophet Jonah, with this difference, however, that no big fish will bo provided to save him from death. The unemployed agitation in Melbourne is fizzling out, and in a week or two it will be only a momory. As usual, this incident was greatly exaggerated by the Freo-trade papers in Sydney, and with characteristic weaknoss they declared that it con stituted a crushing argument against Protection. Only a small number of tho individuals who attended the meetings of the so-called unemployed were in want of work; the majority consisted of. political revolutionaries, who had a desire to share the goods of the wealthy without legi timate exertion on their part. They were offered work by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, and by many farmers, but they would notacoept it. Why should they dig when they could get plenty of beer and tobacco without them selves performing any manual labor ? That thero are many men in Melbourne who de sire to work but cannot get any to do is freely admitted, but according to the Trades Hall Council, which may be regarded as a reliable authority on this subject, the numbor is not larger than it was in any previous winter. We havo no knowledge of any system that will secure constant employment to every individual in a large city who is desirous of working. The Daily Telegrami i3 pretty sure that Protection will not do it; but since it advocates revenue tariifism, which is abominable in the sight of Henry George, tho assumption is it believes that system will produce the result. If so, its conclusion is contradicted by facts, £„./ commercially and industrially Sydney is in a worse condition than Melbourne. Tho Free trader Argus admits that business -is in a healthy state in Victoria, and we all know that tho publio finances of the colony are satisfactory. A week or two ago state ments were printed in our Free-trade papers to the effect that large numbers . of Vic torian workmen were coming, into New. South Wales. The statements were mythi cal. The genuinely unemployed In Victoria aro not sucii fools as to. come into this colony in search of work. a ' . — In tho Auditor-General's report for 1880 there is one item which recalls a now almost forgotten dream of Sir Henry Parkes. Under the Colonial Secretary's Department we find that the sum of £468 3s. 9d. has been expended upon the purchase of books for the Slate Houso Library. . The Sta'te House itself is a phantom, instead of being the homo of distinguished phantoms, as the Premier intended. Much ' inore, therefore, as tho d mo.ntratois in' Euclid put it, is tho Statu House Library a phantom; but the books, it appears, are substantial realities. Now, What liaB' hap pened to those books? The mission for which they were bought has failed, and- consequently their object in existence, like the project of the State House itself, has dolefully miscarried. Into what corner of tho colony has this un fortunate company of books been thrown out of publio sight and knowledge, and, it may bo asked, what was their' character ? As books destined to be per-, used in the solemn chambers of- a charnel house, we have no doubt they muBt have, borne.meluneholy and . menacing titles, and included all books of sorrow.and fear from the Anatomy of Melancholy to the Beauteous Terrorist. Having been intended for the delectation of persons fond of wandering in the heavy odor of graves, and, perhaps, in accordance with the Premier's purposo of doing houor to tho mighty dead, for the re creation of the distinguished persons buried in the State House, it is evidont that they are not fit for tho sholves of an ordinary library frequented by living men and women. Probably in the whole history of literature no books wore ever before reduced to such distressful case. To make matters worse it is highly probable that thoy will not oven be allowed to moulder away in peace, for we have no doubt that somo inquisitive member of Parliament will require to know how it was that those books wore purchased to form , part of a library in a building which only existed in the Oriental splendor of imagination which tho Premier delights to revel in. These last reminiscences of the frustrate dream of the centennial year may make trouble yet among tho living, instead of bringing peaco and solace to tho dead. , Tho next time Sir Henry has a State House in view ho will probably take tho precaution of building it before beginning to furnish it. With this item the . phantom Stato House, which figured through the centennial celebration like -Banquo'S ghost at tho festival, vanishes into tho obli vion which is the proper habitat of all such grotesque dreams. 