SOME CURIOUS INVENTIONS. A contributor to the " Kew York World" lias been amusing himself by rummaging the specimens of nevy inventions stored in the patent office at Washington. Many of them are amusing and some decidedly crazy. A PRACTICABLE BABY AND A realistic COW. There are, perhaps (the writer tells us) two thousand toys in one division of the Patent Ofiice, and one of the latest and craziest curiosities is a doll baby which sucks the bottle. This doll is patented by a Ger man, and it consists of a doll baby sitting on a pan, with a bottle filled with genuine milk on a little table in front of it: .A rubber tube connects irfth the glass pipe, winch runs into the bottle, and, going into the mouth of the child, runs down behind and through the doll into the pan. By means of a syphon, which comes oat through the doll's head, machi nery is set to work by which the doll begins to suck, and the milk flows up into its mouth and out! into tlio pan. Another toy of much the same order is the toy co\v, which can lie milked. The cow is made.of wood or metal and has a tank inside it. The inventor states tu&t; tula action of milking is exactly the samo as that of the real cow, and he has in addition an iron wire which connects with the jaws of the cow and runs back to this tank, so that she chews her cud while bein^ milked. ° PATENT CATS. • cat was granted a patent in 1884. It is a cat of paste-board or tin for the purpose of frightening rats or mice. It is to be made in a sitting posture, and it is painted over with phosporus,so that it shines in dark like a cat, df. fire. Another cat, equally funny, is a patent sheet-iron animal, which is worked by clockwork and has a bellows inside it. If properly set it will emit a noise equal to the wildest of midnight caterwaulers, and it has. in addition steel claws and teeth. You wind it up,. place it on yourj-oof, and set it howling. All the cats in the^ neighbourhood Tjump for it and its poisoned claws kill every one it strikes. . FORCING HENS TO LAY EGGS. There is a patent machine here for forcing hens to lay eggs, and there are numerous others for preventing them eating their own eggs or breaking them. Many of the patent hens nests have five or six false eggs glued to their .bottoms, and the innocent hen drops her egg on a trap which lets it slide down into a box beneath, whereupon the trap springs back and the nost is ready for a second laying. There is one branch of the patent office k-^ yn as that of cow-tail holders. There are patents for horses' tails as well as cow's tails. The most curious among them, however, is the patent of a Yankee who has invented an adjustable false tail for horses. adjustable PUI.MTS. The lover's gate consists of- a gate which will swing both ways, which can be lowered and raised to suit the size of the lovers. On the same principle is the adjustable pulpit which, will fit all kinds of preachers. The pulpit runs up and down on a pillar by a spring, and by pressing a button the preacher can raise it to his height or lower it to suit. beautiful NOSES. The patents to make women beautiful are numerous. . The nose-improver one of the most curious of these patents. Ifc has made, it is said, a fortune for its* inventor, and it consists of a metal shell formed of two parts, which are connected by a hinge. The shape of its inside is that of a perfect nose, aqualine Roman, or Grecian, as you prefer, and it does all its work'at night. The patent states that the nose should°be first well bathed in warm .vater and then greased with olive oil until it is thoroughly softened. After this the improver is to be attached,and the person using it is to go to bed and sleep until morning. At first, it is said, the opera tion is somewhat painful; but this wears off in a few nights, and the soft cartilage of the nose soon begins to assume the form of the beautiful shape at the improver. At the end.of/eight weeks you have a brand-new nose, which remains with you until you get tired of it, wlion you buy a different style of impiovet and come out in a new nose quite different from your last one, but still beautiful. ' artificial GHOSTS. Luminous harness has been patented, so that a horse being driven at night looks like a sheet of lightning. There aro luminous match-boxes, and luminous ghosts to scare away grave-robbers. After every great grave-robbery metallic coflins come in by the score, and I looked at one cofiin surrounded by bars of wrought iron, binding the casket and extending out from it at such a distance that when set in the earth it would bo impos sible to move it except by a derrick. An Aeronaut's Fearfui, and Fatal Fall.—On Monday an Italian aeronaut, named Borletti, made an ascent from the public gardens at Ibriala, suspended in the air from a baloon, without any parachute. When- at a height of about a thousand feet, the balloon, which was inflated by burning straw, took tire, and was rapidly consumed^ Borletti was precipitated on a small island on the Danube opposite the town, and in j s'antly killed, his body being terribly mutilated, 