TOONGABBIE {From our.own correspondent.) Shire Council .matters a*e agitating the minds of the ratepayers, and very far' distant are the opinions of some ratepayeis. The severe accident which befel Mr; Humphries aroused the dormant minds of some persons .to. enquire what became of the hundreds «if pound 3 realised by the sale of redgum, and how it is that fallen timber is allowed to lay on the roads to-the risk of life and limb. It is loudly asserted on the one hand that the council are liable for accidents, and that ratepayers may at any time be called upon by a special rate to liquidate costs 1 and damages. Others as confidently state that the council is not liable for accidents unless caused by the negligence of their own employés, or when the cause of damages has been sanctioned by ..the. council, a3 in the nstance of a faulty bridge. Some improvements are being carried ut on the Walhalla road, and also on ales road. Another lamp lias been erected in the town so as to complete the Une of lights from'the railway station to the Walhalla road. This is a great improvement to the township, especially as it is set on a hill, and can be seen for a considerable distende ! The fortnightly meeting of the Literary and Debating Society, was held last Tuesday: There was a very large attendance. Mr Townsend occupied the chair, and Mr R. Goodwin, J.P., and Mr Bosustow where voted to the vicechairs. The debate was a very amusing one, and caused roars of laughter.— (Subject)—" Is it rational to believe in ghosts ?" Mr Martin read a long treatise on spiritualism, and affirmed his belief in spirits. Mr M'Donald read an eloquent and masterly address, dispelling the fiupastitions of Ghosts, and showing the absutdities of- ghost stories. Mr R. Goodwin, Mr Geary, Khd othere kept up an animated and àmuiing debate, until a late hour. i r .. . There is jto be A meeting of the cricket ëlub shortly, to awàrd the Gillam Trophy to the -best all-round player. . Tjtje medical committee held a meeting ïastfpèeklQ/J^Moore itpis voted tp "the chair. Several' gentlemen spoke in glowing terms of the r îoctor's f Bterling ability. The chairman signified his Intention of having^ health-officer appointed J»r/4liis/- n<B4& Suggested {hat a letter should be given him to the council on the matter, instead of being sent to the president in the usual way,, as such matters wece r all cut and dried before" hand, when sent to Rosedale. 