Local and General. FOOTBALL. — The matches arranged for Saturday fell through, the ground being too wet for play. HOSPITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS. — The work- men at Eskbank Ironworkshave subscribed £9 13s for the Bathurst Hospital. Mr. J. Rutherford's name stands at the head of the list, and it is easy to guess who put the ball in motion. STREET MUSIC. — The District Band, under the conductorship of Mr. Lewin, paraded the principal streets of the city on Saturday night, and made things very lively for an hour or two. The music was much appreciated, and a hope was expressed that many more treats of the same kind will be given. VOLUNTEER FIRING. — The Volunteers were put through real firing drill at the butts on Saturday. The volleys rang out loudly enough to alarm the people living at the upper, end of the town, and sug gested thoughts of invasion. The targets might have been shot clean away with so many bullets striking the face at the same time. BATHURST POOR RELIEF SOCIETY. — The regular monthly meeting of the Poor Relief Society was held on Friday last at the Town Hall. 35 recipients obtained orders, and 3 new cases were passed ior relief. Mrs. George Palmer proposed and Mrs. Rotton seconded a vote of thanks to Mr. J. P. Ryan, of William street, for his generous gift of a joint of beef to each of the poor people on the society's books. GOLD AT FLYER'S CREEK. — A prospect- ing party (says the Chronicle) on the east side of Flyer's Creek, near Jarvis's sluic- ing claim, have discovered indications of a reef from which some good gold pros pects, ranging up to 2dwts. to the dish, have been obtained. The gold is found in a series of veins between two diorate walls, but as yet the reef is not very well defined. The prospector's shaft is down about 25ft., and two other claims have been sunk to 15ft. and 10ft. respectively. The quartz is similar to that found at Burnt Yards, and the prospects certainly justify a fair trial of the ground. CHAFF CUTTING. — At a meeting held on Saturday night at Miller's Hotel of those interested in chaff cutting and threshing the following resolutions were carried :— ' That the price for cutting loose stuff be 11s. per ton, and for sheaf stuff 10s. per ton.' 'That the price for mixed hay and straw be 11s 6d. per ton.' ' That in all cases the farmers find twine and wood.' ' That 22s. 6d. cash and 23s. on a two months' bill be charged per 100 bushel by weight for threshing if the owner removes his own machine, and that 20s. per cwt. cash and 21s. on a two months' bill be charged per 100 bushel by weight if the farmer remove the machine.' 'That, in cases where the machine breaks down, or wet weather, the farmer charge the rate of sixpence per meal for each man should the time exceed one day.' Other business was postponed to a future meeting. ' TAKES THE CAKE.' — The following from the Warren Herald speaks for itself : In a Queensland contemporary, drovers old and young, have been amusing a lot of people and perilling their own chances of salvation by minutely explaining how at one time or another they kept wild cattle on a night camp, by various devices, such as barbed wire, bells hung on cotton, calico slips, and so on. The latest anec- dote is from 'Overlander,' who continues the pedestal of lies with a watch-horse, and goes on : — ' By dint of patience and perseverance I at last got this horse to such a state of perfection that he would watch cattle for many hours. He was well-known to many drovers along the road by the name of 'The Ghost.' One night when 'The Ghost ' was watching I was awakened by a noise amongst the cattle, but hearing nothing more I again went to sleep. In the morning when taking the cattle off the camp I found the dead body of a strange bullock which had not been amongst the cattle when I put them on camp the previous evening. 'The Ghost' had evidently tried to cut him out, and being unable to do so had kicked him on the head and killed him. I believe that many horses if taken in hand when young and patiently taught could be got to be quite as perfect as 'The Ghost.' — I am, sir, &c.; Now then, next ! 