DEATH SUPERSTITIONS I AND CUSTOMS. 'What will become nf us Wliru we die?' is a question tbat in all ages, in all countries, and amongst ail sortSfand con ditions of men has. ever proved of the greatest interest to the human rfy?6 ; and yet of all questions this iB' perhaps one which man is least capable of answeriug, for of tbe future state, he knows In fact, absolutely nothing. That there is some future utale — at le»« lor a lavoureu iew, if nut for all— and tbat our exlslljjce Is by no means ended when we ceas^ w- live iu the flesh, is a field by inost of us ; and on this particular point, at any ra^c, man bind with comparatively few exceptions may be said on thB whole to agree UDauf W'-UBly, however antagonistic the ideas of individuals may be in most other re BDPcts. But when It comes to a1 concep tion of what tbe next world Is like, aud the condition we may expect to enjoy io it, there is a considerable diversity of opinion. Christians believe iu.. heaven and hell- bo do many who are not Chris tians. That (he good Boouer or^ later kh to heaven, and the wicked ones else where, Ib also a point that is generally admitted ; but unfortunately the, 'ideas as to what constitutes good or evil do not appear to be byjany means universally Identical, and at best vary much, accord ing to one's lights and tbe power of the law to punish those wbom It may pro claim evidoers. Thus, in tbe good old days of tbe InqulBition, adherent' to the Church of Rome no doubt felt tbat it was really and truly an act of piety to burn heretic? ; modern Christians on the con trary, teaob us to forgive ourenemiea and lovethemas ourselves; and tbe noble savage, lo the simplicity of bis heart, considers bis good deeds proportionate to the number of enemies whom he has slain, as testified by their BCalpa which adorn his wigwam. The natives' of I?a bomey believe in the immortality of the soul, and tbat man's conditiou in the next world is similar to tbat enjoyed by him upon eartb, tbe only difierence 'being tbe eternal character of tbe future Btate. - Good deeds they may imagine are rewarded, aud bad ouea punished during one's lifetime, and not hereafter. They suppose, too, that after, deatb * a man's spirit is joined by his body iu tbe next world. If his deeds upon earth have been -good bis old body is made use of ; -but if tbey have been bad it'is destroyed, aud a fresh one created for tile' accom modation of his s-iul. It is curious to note that through all ages when deatb is spoken of, we find an endeavor made' to hide its grim reality by the use of a softer name. Thus, It is frequently referred to as 'sleep,' ' departure,' or ' eternal rest.' Among the Greeks sudden death of men was attributed to Apollo, -and of women to Diana. As a ruie, uncivilised races bury With their dead, such articles as they suppose tbe departed spirit may Hud it necessary to take into the next world. Thus various weapous and 'implements are often buried with .a corpse — although tbese are in some cases purposely damaged in order tbat they may not excite the cupidity of the Irreverent — aud in many cases it is customary at the death of a great man to slay a number of his wives, slaves, and cattle for bin use hereafter. Before interment the Greeks placed in tbe uioutb of a corpse a iu-'ce of money, together witb a special ft ad of cake, the former being Charon's fate for ferrying across tbe Styx, and the latter to propitiate Cerebus, tbe gate keeper of Hades. The idea of the soul having to croiB a river on its tourney to tbe Ignd of tbe departed spirits is. of much greater antiquity than tbe Greeks or Romans, and may be traced back to the early Aryan Mythology. Possibly it may have originated in a fancied resem blance of tbe Milky Way to a river flow ing across the sky, which river would have to be -crossed in order to reach the region beyond the stars where HoaWii was supposed to be situated. In Greece the obsequies of the dead wereiu ancient times considered moBt important, for it wassupposed that, without interment of the body, the soul could notatonce enter Pluto's -iomiuious, but would he forced to wander miserably about for a hundred years, unless in the meantime a proper bnrial should take place. Thus, in some extreinecasesofvengeanceor punishment carried beyond tbe grave, we find records of the body leing thrown to the beasts aod birds of prey instead of being honored with tbe nsual funeral rites. Those per sons who were struck by lightning being regarded as the objects of divine wrath, were, some writers suppose, left unhuriea on the spot wbere tbey had fallen. At any rote, even wbere interment took place, the body was buried apart from the rest of tha community. The melan choly late of those who did not enjoy proper burial naturally caused death by drowning to be regarded with great hor ror. Wheu tbe body could not be. re covered, however, ? an endeavour was sometimes made to mitigate the sutler ing of tbe deceased by erecting a tomb to bis memory and thrice calling tbe wander ing soul to tbe abode prepared for it. Some tribes of North Americans Indians oonsider It very unlucky to mention a dead person by name. By most of them, too, a corpse Is regarded with more or less horror, and is consequently squeezed witb aB little delay as possible into tbe box whicb does duty for a coffin. These boxes, we may add, instead of being buried in the eartb, are In some localities frequently placed up in trees. In Greece tbe practice pf burying tbe dead in their native - lani| wbb followed as far as possible, and accordingly the ashes of.- those wbo . died abroad we're usually conveyed tp the mother country for Interment. With the ancient -Greeks, as witb ourselves, Jt was cus tomary to cIobs the eyea aud. mouth of the corpse, and when laid, qut the body was washed by tbe fronton. This final ablution, however, was sometimes per formed before deatb. Thus, Socrates is said to have washed himself beforehand, iu order tbat tbe women fhlght be saved the trouble after his decease,. There is a Manx superstition tbat ' if tbe knots of tbe shroud are to be ulitjed before tbe coffin lid is finally screwed down the restless ghost of tbe deceased will wander about at large, which pontlugeucy, let us hope, is carefully guarded against, for in all probability tbe Manx folk are not more partial tbau other' people to visits from denizens of an otiier world, and it cannot be denied that; ''however great one's afiectioh may he for a deceased re lative or friend, one does not ushally feel any very great. dfcsire to bave tbe disembodied spirit of tbe; latter bo.verlng around, and unexpectedly turning up at a late hour iu louely placeB. There is, we believe, a superstition in Islay tbat the last person burled in a churchyard bas to keep watch over the spot until re lieved by tbe next comer. In the north one may still find ' superstitious people who during a funeral open all the windows of th'e bouse iu order that free egress may be allowed the spirit of the deceased which iB supposed to bover near tbe corpse until after burial. In some parts of tbe country It is cus tomary at a deatb to' Inform tbe bees of tbe calamity, or to put their hives in mourning with black crape, It being sup posed tbat otherwise the bees might de sert their owners. As most of our readers can no doubt call to mind, Charles Dickens, iu bis ' David Copperfield,' In troduced the superstition that a man will not die as tbe tide is rising, but that be goes out witb tbe tide. This reminds us of tbe popular belief In some country plaoeB that snakes, however muoh tbey may bp mutilated, cannot die until sun set. We might also meution tbe ancient superstition tbxt man could not resign bis life lo tbe Deities of the Infernal Re gions until some of bis hair bad been cut ufT. It is not a light matter for the living when a Negrillo warrior 'shuiUsB oil tbese mortal coils,' for in order lo --nothe hlB troubled spirit the friends of tbe de ceased consider it the correct tiling on such an occasion to go forth and kill someone. Of course tbey endeavour to avail themselves of this opportunty j for wiping out an enemy if tliey can find one; but failing that, they relieva their feelings by slsyinethe (iriit unlucky mortal wbom f»te throws in their way. A helief iu tbe transmigra tion of souls is tnlera'-ily universal, and according to the North American Indians the spirits of the departed penerally enter birds — owls heiiiR particularly favoured iu this respect. Tbe Kafflrssuppose that when tlie dead visit the living they generally enter the bodies of snakes or lizards for that purpose, although sheep aud many other kinds of animals may sometimes be made use of. One writer who favours the doctrine of the transmi gration of souls ingeniously argues in support o[ his opinions tb*t it is only reasonable aud just to suppose tbat tbe souls of tbe wicked euter the bodies of animals in order that they may be suit ably punished for the sins committed during their former state; and this, he suggests, must bjtbe reason that bo many innocent creatures are permitted to un dergo tortures and sufferings which are apparently undeserved by them. — Lon- don Standard. 