HOW TO STUDY THE BIBLE. BY D. L. MOOBY. ' And all the people gathered themselves together as one man into the street that was before tlie watergate ; and they spake unto Ezra the scribe to bring the book of the law of Moses, which the Lord had commanded to Israel. And Ezra the priest brought the law before the congregation both of men and women, and all that could hear with understanding, upon the first day of the seventh month. And lie read therein before the street that was before - the water-gate from the morning unto midday, before the men and women, and those that could understand ; and the ears of all the people were attentive unto the book of the law.—NEHEMIAK . viii. 1-3. The children of Israel had been in captivity for seventy years, and now they had come back into their own land ; and the description given in. these verses is what we should call a Bible-reading. ]ust getting the people together and reading the Word of the Lord to them. And perhaps it would be a good thing if we could have more meetings where the Word of God is read and explained. It is better to hear God rather than i ? man, and I believe we are living in a day when 4 , r the Bible is neglected, although we are living in. ...... a land of Bibles. ? The children of Israel had been in a strange J land, and God wished them to understand His..'ffik law. It says that they were attentive to the law ji^. that is to say, they were just leaning forward and' drinking in the words that were read to them,; You have sometimes seen a nest of birds, and the.:* mother comes with a little worm to feed them,f'iPi^r (Continued on page 8.) sad in an instant every month is wide open ; and ip Uke manner every one of ns ought to have our ears wide open to catch the meaiiing of the Word of God .when it is read to ns, and if there is any- / thing- we don't understand we ought to go to the-minister and have an enquiry meeting with him, and ask him to explain it to us. . We read in the 9th verse, " For all the people : w6pt when they heard the words of the law. Then lie said unto them, Go your way, eat the fat, and drink the sweet, and send portions unto them for •whom nothing is prepared; for this day is holy unto the Lord : neither be ye sorry ; for the joy of the Lord is your strength." What we want nowadays, brethren, is a joyful church. If we are in Babylon, with our harps hanging on_ the trees and our heads bowed down, we are not likely to succeed in winning souls to Christ. No ; it is when we are back again on the resurrection ground that we hope to succeed in that. A backslidden church is a nuisance to the world. It is •just a stumbling block, and nothing more. In ' the 17th verse we read, " And all the congregation of them that were come again out of tbe captivity made booths, and sat under the booths : for since the days of Jeshua the son of Nun unto that day had not the children of Israel done so. And there always will be great gladness when a backsliding people come back to God. THE WORD OF GOD IN THE HEART. When the Israelites were going into Babylon, trodden down by their oppressors and led away into a foreign land, we read in Jeremiah xx. 9, "Then I said, I will not make mention of Him, nor speak any more in His name : but His word •was in my heart as a burning fire shut up in my bones, and I was weary with forbearing, and I . could not stay." Yes, it is a good thing to have the Word of God in our hearts, so that it just burns within us, and we cannot hold our ; peace. When the psalmist said it was hidden in his heart, someone has remarked that it was a good thing in a good place, for a good purpose. We want the Word to burn right down into our souls ; then a man cannot restrain himself, it begins to burn, so that it would actually burn him ' up if he held his peace and did not speak out. "Is not my Word like as a fire, saith the Lord, and like a hammer that breaketh the rock in pieces ? " The Word of God is the Sword of the Spirit, and if you young converts want to be used of God you must feed on His Word. Your experience may be very good and'very profitable at the outset, and you may help oth'ers by telling it to them ; but if you keep on doing nothing else but telling your experience, it will soon become stale a.nd un- \- profitable, and people will weary of hearing the same thing over and over again. But when you \- have told how you have been converted, the next thing is to feed on the Word. We are not fountains ourselves, but the Word of God is the fountain. And if we feed on the Word, it will be so easy then to speak to others; and not only that, but we shall ',be growing all the while in grace, . and others will take notice of our walk and conversation. Now, I never saw a useful Christian who was • not a student of the Bible. If a man neglects his Bible, he may pray and ask God to use him in His work, but God cannot make much use of him-; for .there is not much for the Holy Ghost to work upon. We must have the Word itself, urhich is sharper than any two-edged sword. Now, if you read the sermon spoken by Moses be- Jore he left the children of Israel, you will find it was just a rehearsal of what God had done for them, and of their deliverance from tbe cruel hands of Pharaoh; of the destruction of their enemies in the Red Sea, and their safe conduct through the wilderness; and yet I do not suppose there was a boy in the camp who could not have told it ten times over. And you will find that Joshua did the same; and when Peter stood ap on the day of Pentecost,the Spirit of the Lord •was in him, and he went on quoting Scripture to the people, and that was the arrow that went . down into their souls. Then, again, what did the devout and martyred Stephen do but rehearse and expound the Scriptures from the time of Abraham downwards ? (To be continued). 