CHATTER XVII.-POETRY, PROSE, AND THE DEAD SWIMMER. From Verona, to Como ia a day's journey. Under soy circumstances, there is no monotony in it, but travelling in pleasant companionship it ia perhaps one of the most delightful of continental railway journeys. The scenery la never uninteresting, and there are always in tho distance finerangss of snow- capped mountains. /be happy English party from Venioe, it need hardly be said, found the trip full of a new and speolal interest. Dolly was radiant. It needed no psychological student to discover that Sam Swynford was the seleotion of her heart, If he had been wise in his estimation of female oharacter, be ought to have dis- covered in his earliest acquaintanceship with Jenny's lively sister that ber "stand off ishness " and sallie ? of wit at his expense were only feminiue indications of interest, if not love. It was perhaps a little feliue, while she purred tc make her lover oonscious of an occasional scratch. Had the amiable young stockbroker responded with the manful ¡ intimation that bc was not to be wounded j with impunity nor without resentment, it is i quite possible that the shadow of i'hilip : Forsyth might never have fallen upon Dolly s fateful youth. She had in her secret heart loved Swynford none the leaB that she had ! occasionally made him suffer. It was only I the trifling cf a somewhat coquettish nature. Swynford had, in slave-like worship, flung himself at her feet, «nd ene had placed her foot upon hU neck, Dot vioiouily, but with something of tho pi ¡de of conquest. She would have apprcdtiei from 8am the iptrited i response that euch treatment would have re oeived from Philip Forsyth, because she knew that Sam wa« devotedly attoohod to her. She had doubts of Philip, was Battered by his attention, urp.d t > accept him by her sister, who had no other objoot but Dolly's social and happy advancement in life. Tue truth ls the two pretty young women were as much above the average of their sex in genuine amiability aa they were in ap- pearance and m .oners, They had, in the course of thoir education and training, annexed unconsciously some ci the snobbishness of the upper middle class in small soolal vlctorlea ; delighted ia bniDg received in a higher grade of Boolety than their neighbours ; found in Boclal suoooss of this kind, greater pleasure than should belong to the honest performance of their home duties ; liked of ooaree to be admired rather for their beauty than their intellectual qualities ¡ were ambitious more or lesa selfishly for distinction In their husbands that they, the wives, might assume the role of superior partons ; wara, in fast, good women with women't weaknesses. No hoiten waa more gracious than Mia. Mllhanke, nor mon snooesaful in her popular little parties, and Dolly might well be envied for her high spirits, ber healthful constitution, her bright eyes, and ber unquestioned beauty. Philip Forsyth bad been proud to be seen escorting her in the touts of Vanity Fair, proud of the attention her happy, pretty face invoked, proud of the envy it excited among women, and tho envy he excited as her proe peotive husband. But Sam Swynford, in hie more commonplace nature, had paid far higher tribute to Dolly's natural fascinations than waa possible to Philip Forsyth, Sam had no ambition apart from her. In every spéculation he was inspired with the hope of a future with Dolly, lie administered to her little vanities in every way that waa possible to his position as her admirer and an Intimate friend of the family. He remembered all the days in whioh she was specially interested Christmas, the New Year, St. Valentine's, Easter, ber birthday, Jenny's birthday, Walter's birthday. She always said be bail excellent taste in thc choice of flowers, the bindings of bookB, and the belection of dainty bits of brioa-brao. But Jenny could not for Set that Sam had in bia apeech a suggestion of Forth Country dialect, und was a little in- clined to overdress, took no paios to oultivate aristocratic society, and waa, after all, only a stockbroker; so that when Phillp Forsyth, with hia distinguished style and mannor, his artistic prospects, his promising position in Moiety, and his notable circle of friends, carno along a*, a rival to Swynford, Mrs. Milbanke took Qblly'e future into her hands and brought about the engagement whioh had endod so dis- astrously. She now congratulated herself and her three oompanionB on continuing their Italian holiday with the now luve and being entirely off with the old, and confesaed to Walter that there was something nobler in life than some of the aims which hud engrossed her ambition, npon the sunken rocks of which she had nearly wreoked Holly's future ; but Walter Would not hear of the smallest thought ol self-abasement on the part of his pretty and affectionate wife, and he vowed that he had always felt somehow or other that everything would como right for Dolly, although he was anxious to make believe that if anyone was to blame for hastening that unfortunate en- gagement it was he himself. Altogether the party waa under the in- fluence of affectionate self-denial and mutual congratulation upon the course events had taken. At present they did not, from a sympathetic point of view, feel the shadow of Philip ForaytUMBtCange disaffection, and they had no knowlflSSe of that sensation which the Ghost of the Lagoons bad created in Veniue. They arrived at Gomo, a picturesque city at the head of the famous lake, where Walter had secured rooms at the beet hotel in the 8quare by the quay where you take the lake steamers or hire rowing boats. After an excellent dinner Walter and Swynford sat in the balcony, smoked their cigars, and watobed the sunset. Dolly and Jenny unpacked their valises and talked over the day's adventures. The next morning they were to go on to Bellaggio. Sam and Walter were up with the ; lark, interested io studying the picturesque and busy secularisation of ¡sunday in Italy, whioh is strikingly illustrated in this city of Como. Jugglers, hawkers, vondon of teed drinks, ana holiday people were ia the Square (rom the earliest hour on Sunday morning. Later, there were steamers arriving with bauds of music and democratic Bocietias out for the Jay. Members of rival and friendly associations met these political combinations on the quay, where _ they palavered and exchanged emphatic civilities. Their bands Swynford considered to be nearly as bad as those of the Salvation Army in England ; he hoped they bad not travelled ali that distance to make tho acquaintance of such ribald music. Walter, discoursing with a bystander, discovered that the musicians were hired for such oocasions as these by political administrators and thc Oddfellows and Foresters of Italy. The banners of these Orders were, however, more eaeily carried than those of our English confraternities. They did not indulge in thoae tremendous pioturea which in England stretch across the streets and are borne aloft in high winda with much sweat and struggle by GUAU tun strangest. and doughtiest of Oddfellows and the most stalwart of Bobin Hoods. The Square of Como waa very busy all Sunday, and so were the streets ¡ busy with neonle who were shonkeeninff. iroinr/ to church, marketing, einging, working. At nlghl^ the vocalista were in the ascendancy, bnt aa Walter remarked, they did sing and they were not drunk. Xhoy awoke the echoes of the surrounding hills with madrigals and chorus. If the Square of Como had been a thoroughfare in an English city those bands of workmen and holiday-makers would, it is to be feared, have been roaring out some music-hall song or hiccoughing a vulgar ohorus of the slums. " One goes from home," said Walter, " not only to see how groat England iB in niiny things, but how small, not to say brutal, she may be in others." In the afternoon our English travellers eaid their prayers with the rest of the church- going community, and towards evening made their first little exouraion on the lake, which they navigated in dreamy sunshine on the morrow. Sweet and gentle searchers after troth have disoovered that Bulwer Lytton adapted bis poetic description of the Lake of Como from a foreign souroe ; other philanthropic critics have at the same time ridiculed the poem as overdone being applied to the famous Italian lake. Permit a humble worshipper of nature, and one who loves art none the less, to say that Balwer's half page of suggestive descrip- tion is only a faint indication of the spirit and beauty of Lake Como. Why, there is even an hotel at Belaggio, half way down the lake, whioh goes near to be worthy of the well, known Tines ., "a. palace lifting to eternal Bummer Ita marble walla from out i. glosEj' botrer Of coolest foliage, musical «Ith blrr.a." The lake is a sheet of water thirty-five miles in length, and every yard of it a pioture of romantic beanty-high sloping hills that hem you in now and then, makins not one lake, but many ; hills that are olothed with foliage and backed at many points by distant Alps that are olothed in everlasting snow. As the steamer skirts the Bhorc, you see that the gardens of the innumerable villas are filled with flowers, that the boutes aro of all de- scriptions, palaces, cottages, chalets, lodges, hotels ; as they go high up into tho mountains they dwindle off into the cots of vineyard tenders or herdsmen. It ia wonderful uow and then to see up in the mountains villages I whioh look light flights of buildings that have I settled down in clusters as pigeons might, all , in a heap, with a few trees about them, and [ always the sheltering elbows of convenient ! Alps. The season ia late they tell me on the I boats and at the hotel, yet the nir ia Boft and Íbalmy, great bunches of wisteria decorate garden walls, lilao, rhododendron, Guelder roses, chestnuts arc in full bloom, and at every village where the steamer touches, men and women are sitting out ot doors, the men swinging their legs over nuny, walli», tbe women sewing or tending children, all in " summery " dresses, und we have long since discarded wraps and overcoats, and And the weather hot enough denpite the breeze of a steamer in rapid motion. Bellaggio is pro- bably the most delightful point of the lake. It is fifteen miles from its uorthern extremity, and divides the lake into two branches. Here the travellers commenced their de- lightful experiences of Bellaggio. Tho weather was like July in England, though tho time waa early May. The sky was character- istically Italian. The windows ol the hotel were open. From the great drawing room oame the voioe of a prims donua of the lyric stage, whom Rome travelling companions had persuaded to sing a few auatcheB from "Othello" and "Lohengrin." The terraces of the hotel were reflected in the lake in deep colours of green and pink and red and yellow, I repetitions of grass and flowers. Un the '. opposite ahore the lake wat bordered by a I sweep ot architecture that melted away into fain url dales and far off on the right tb* enow mountain* pretended they «rare white cloud* capping the rich hine of the airy. Tn the little town there wa* a plana ont of wbioh every now and then ran narrow street way* up to the hill* ; little streets literally of oumbing step*. When yon looked np these narrow way* and saw women ooming down with ohildron ia their anns, or mea lol I mg against curions doorways, you could only wish you were an artist with nothing else in the world to do but to put these pictures into black and white for magazines, ur better still, into all ».heir glory r,f colour W popular picture galleries. When the luueii-UHueM ol full summer comes to Like Cimo. and rrsts upon the clustering Ililli nf Kidnigio, nod dreams in a sunny glow down in the vslleya, it is no stiotch of fancy to undine the perfumed light of some marbled palace bleat- ing through tho niiRt of alabaster limp-, ¡iud every air " Heavy with tho siehg Ot orange groves and muutr (rom sweet lntm. 4DI1 murmurs of low founUms that ttm-h lort.i Io the midst of ro»s " "Of course I like tho picture," said Dolly, " but not for always, Sam." "How do you mean?" he f.okcd. pri sión her arm ss they lounged upun the te. r .ec watching the light and shade upon toe difluí bills. "Beautiful for a visit," «aid Dolly; " perfectly lovely, but too goo4 tor th« li^i-r. of I, aa Walter's gardener says down in ilie Midtands." "You really feel like thati" Faid :-V-n. " I'm so awfully glad, because 1 was thinr.iu^ somewhat in that direction." " Really ?" she aiWcd. "Indeed, most truly," he said. "I nil«, knew an odd, simple kind ot riuh man wu« owned a palace in Worcestershire, but ,:ved in the lodgo which stood by tho road ut Iii» gates. Of course, Dolly, 1 could live ?< ,;b you, my dear, anywhere, palace or cottr._--, ;« garret in Bloomsbury or a bijou villa sUn<ti;ig ia its own gronndB at KeurJupton." S.m "n nrld I" "When I said garrot," said Rain, "uf coarse I only meant it as a figure of spe OÙ a foam lie parter, as Walter would say ; bat without you 1 can imagine, myself in ihn, Beluggio palace longing for a cottage on the hills opposite, or trying to negotiate a cliurjr*o of rooms with one of those loafing pençttntt. who lire at the top of the narrow aveiiiuf. that give upon the Piazza, where thone wrinkled old women wc saw thia afternoon eell toy distaffs and brio a-broc "Our thoughts arc certainly sympathetic. Sam," said Dolly. "" I shall often dream of thia lovely place. If we were to live here w» ought to dress in costume, as they do upu» the stage. I could never endura to gc abcut in such scenery in ordinary clothes." "That's because," said Sam, "you never see this kind of thing in pictures without Italian men and women in all sorts of fancy dress. The best studies of lakes and mountains and waterfalls, with palaces oui foreign oostumes, seem to me to be . like chromos; but wouldn't those wrinkled «ld women on the Piazza make fine suhjeotF for Professor Herkomer. Forsyth would have-" s " Don't mention that name, Sam ; not yet, at all events. It makes me feel as if I would like yon to slap me in the face." "DollyI" exclaimed Sam, entirely 'for- getting what ho was going to say about Forsyth. " It does," said Dolly. " I don't wonder at those strong men in the East Knd of London besting their wives." "Dolly, Dolly," said Sam, with his erm round her waist and "awfully happy," as ho told ber afterwards, "you'll make me feel miserable if you talk in that way. Besides, fancy drifting from 'glossy bowers, musical with birds, palaces lifting to eternal sommer, and orange groves heavy with the sighs of muoio from sweet lutes,' into the barbarism ot Whitechapel and womenbeaters ! For good- ness' sake, don't tell Jenny what we talked of, and don't mention it to Walter. We eb til be chaffed unmercifully. Let us go back to poetry and sentiment." "That's the bell for dinner," sold Walter Milbanke, coming upon them unobserved, and calling their attention to the sounding gong beyond "the terrace, "and here are the English nëwBpsjpèrs. ' Ducti a" aiacovërv, Tiy Jove ! How Comedy and Tragedy do go hand in hand i They have found General Petronovitcb floating with the tide from the Adrlatio into the lagoons, stabbed to thu heart with a dagger on which is engraved, in Arabio, the word ' Vengeance.' " "Howó'readfal r'exoloimed Dolly. " It is believed," continued Walter, " that he was killod on the night of the illumination* and taken ont to sea in one of the many boat» we saw on that exciting night. By Jove, it'» worthy of the ancient dave of Venice." "I'm glad we didnt stay," remarked Dolly. " So am I," said Swynford, " and you'll excuse me, Walter, if I dont tear my hair over Petronovitoh. I feel eo awfully happy."' " You look it, my boy, you look lt. Come along, then, we will dismiss the Venetian ghost and try the Bellaggio ouisine. I think its all right. I have interviewed the chtf, and diaoovered a brand of champagne that I think will even astonish you, you, City Sybarite I" (Tobe continued.) THE best medicine known ia SANDER AND SONS' EDO AL YP TI EXTRACT Test its eminent powerful effects in coughs, oolda, influenza, &c.-the; relief is- iustun. taneoos. Thousands give tile most gratifying testimony. His Majesty the King of lt» ly,, and medical syndicates aU over the globe, are ita patrons. Bead thc official reports fiat accompany each bottle. We have no occasion to offer rewards io proof of the genuinen-3? of our references. The official reports ni medical olinica and universities, the othViaJ communication of the Cónsul- General foi Italy at Melbourne ; the diploma awarua International Exhibition, Amsterdam - ¿ll these are authentic documents, and, as such,, not open to donbt. We odd bore epitome cr- one of the various cases treated by Sitten, M.D., Professor, etc.: Barning of the rieht hand through the explosion of n small oil stove. The epidermis on the volar ami palmer side of tho hand of the thirty-year-tld pulu-ut was completely separated and lifted up as fan as the joint of the hand. The likewise lifted nails were hanging loose, arni half of the phalanx of tho nail of the middle finger waa coaled. The wounds thue contracted healed in throe weeks under daily applications of Eucalypti Extraot dressing. The patient hos retained the full use of her hand. 