A PIT-BROW LASSIE. By JOHN MONK FOSTER. Author of 'A Poor Man's Tragedy,' 'The Moss Pit Mystery,' 'For Love and Gold,' &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XXII.--Luke Standish's Flight.. As anyone might have foreseen the news of the summons flew like wild fire through the little town, and it reached the brow of the King Pit first of all. Even when Luke Standish was on his way to Moll Sheargold's the intelligence had flown so far and fast that his sweetheart was then in possession of it. The quick flight to the colliery was due to the fact that one of the men who worked upon the King Pit brow happened to be returning from his dinner when he saw the policeman, John Robinson, hand Mrs. Standish the summons for her son. Wondering what the summons was for \--for the browman could tell what the document was by its color and the person who delivered it--the man waited for the policeman to overtake him, and being on speaking terms with Robinson, said--- "What's up at Standish's, John? Ah seed you takkin a summons theer." "Oh, ay, Danny," the officer replied with a laugh. "It was fur Luke." "What's he bin doin'?" the browman asked as he and Robinson walked up the street together. "Ah connut tell thee that, lad," the policeman answered wagging his head sagely. "Aw as ah know is that Moll Sheargold wahnts a feyther for her chahlt." "Was t' summons for that theer?" "It was for nowt else, Danny. T' case is to be tried nex' Monday mornin'." The browman hurried to the colliery with his budget of intelligence, and in a few minutes the news was known to all who worked about the surface. The ma- jority of the browgirls were seated in the big cabin passing the remainder of their dinner hour in gossiping, and Danny Og- den's news was a delicious morsel of scan- dal that all welcomed, and they tossed it about from lip to lip with the greatest delight. Returning from her dinner at about five minutes to one, Kate Leigh happened to stroll towards the cabin, beside the open doorway of which she leant herself, not dreaming of the subject which was being so boldly discussed inside. Some of the girls had not noticed Kate's approach, and they continued their rude comments upon Danny Ogden's news in tones loud enough for Kate to overhear them. The mention of Luke Standish's name first aroused Kate's attention, and a minute later she knew all that had taken place that morning; and the intelligence affected her as much as it had disturbed Luke. Pale and almost choking she re- mainded there a moment only, then she walked away, fearful that those inside the cabin might come out and discover her in the very throes of her shame. Half staggering across the brow she came upon the man who superintended all the pit brow work, and telling him that she had been taken suddenly ill, she asked for an afternoon's holiday. Her white face and evident agitation fully supported the girl's statement, and her request was at once granted. Thanking the man brokenly she imme- diatedly left the brow just as the steam whistle began to announce the hour of one, and the pit girls came trooping from out the cabin quite unconscious that their rude tongues had almost broken one of their workmates' hearts. But Kate did not turn homeward on quitting the pit bank. She had resolved to learn for herself what truth there was in the gossip she had just overheard, and the path she took led her at length to her sweetheart's home. She knocked at the door, which her lover had slammed only a ten minutes before, and when Mrs. Standish appeared, said--- "I want to see Luke; is he in?" "He's just gone eawt," the widow re- plied, amazed at Kate's appearance there. "Where has he gone?" "To Moll Sheargold's, ah think. But cum is, wench, he'll happen not be long. What was to wahntin' him for?" "I want to know if it is true that Moll Sheargold is going to father her child upon him?" The girl's face was now aflame with hottest shame. It was heartrending to the pure, proud girl to be standing there asking her lover's mother such a question as that she had just uttered. "Ah think it is," Mrs. Standish re- plied. "Ah know that he geet o summons this mornin'." Kate waited to hear no more. Rising, she at once made for the door, paying no heed to, scarcely hearing, the widow's pro- testations of her son's innocence. Beside the door she turned, just as Luke had done, saying sternly--- "Tell your son, Mrs. Standish, that I never wish to see his face again until he proves himself worthy of an honest woman's love!" Then she sped homeward, desirous only of reaching the privacy of her own bed- room, and wondering if heaven had power to send a blacker trouble than that which had fallen upon her that day. On arriving at the cottage in Bannis- ter's-row Kate told her mother that she had left her work on account of illness; but she said nothing about the cause of her indisposition,and going at once to her room the long pent up flood of tears burst forth, and her grief did not spend itself until the troubled girl had sobbed herself to sleep. Half-an-hour or so after Kate returned home Arthur Willesden came back from a stroll through the town. He seemed much agitated about something, as Mrs. Leigh could plainly perceive on opening the door for him, but she said nothing, going forward to the kitchen. But the next minnte she heard Willes- den calling her, and going into the parlor found him standing on the hearthrug before the fire. She felt certain now that something had happened to him--perhaps he was going away. His first words showed her that he was not uneasy on his own account. "Mrs Leigh," be began in a consolatory tone, "I am sorry to say that I have bad news for you and your daughter." The widow gave a little gasp of surprise, having expected the trouble was his own, and sank into the chair nearest her. Then he continued--- "Have you heard anything of the sum- mons Luke Standish received this morn- ing?" "No." "Well, the whole town is ringing with it, and I feared it must have got to you and Kate--poor girl, it will pain her ter- ribly, I know." "Kate has come home ill!" Mrs. Leigh cried. "She is upstairs now in her room." "Then she has heard of it. What a trial it must be to her, poor thing."\ "What is st all about?" the widow, cried excitedly, tired of the suspense to which he was purposely subjecting her. "Do you know a pit-brow girl named Moll Sheargold?" he questioned. "Yes. What of her?" "She is the mother of an illegitimate child." "Yes?" "Well, she says Luke Standish is the father. She has taken out a summons against him, and the case is to be tried next Monday." Mrs. Leigh heaved a sigh of relief. The intelligence was unpleasant enough, but much less so than Willesden's manner had led her to expect. There was even a grain of comfort to be derived from it, for now all would be over between Kate and the pitman, and Kate might make the better match, which the mother desired. "Are you sure of this, or is it only a rumor, Mr. Willesden?" she asked. "Quite certain," he replied. "I came home through the colliery yard and found that everyone about the pit knew of it--- could even tell me the policeman's name who delivered the summons." "What was the name?" "John Robinson, so they say." "Then I will soon know whether it is true or not!" Mrs. Leigh said rising. "What do you think of doing?" "Of going to Mrs. Standish. If it is true Luke shall never cross my doorstep again." Willesden did not attempt to dissuade the widow from her avowed purpose, and in a little while she was hurrying towards the house her daughter had previously visited that afternoon. Mrs. Standish was at home, and the visitor quickly learned that it was quite true about Luke having received the summons; and before they parted the two women had a pretty little quarrel over the matter; for if the miner's mother was far from being con- vinced that her lad was guiltless, she did not defend him the less stoutly on that account. It is time now to return to Luke Standish and see how he went on after leaving home with the expressed intention of visiting Moll Sheargold and forcing her to with- draw her infamous accusation against him and resign her iniquitous action at law. But on presenting himself at the home of the Sheargold's he was informed that the girl was took weak and ill to see any- one, and that the doctor had left word that the least excitement would certainly endanger her life. In the passionate mood which then possessed him Luke was half-minded to force a way into the girl's presence, but better thoughts prevailed and he went sullenly away. Taking a path that led outside the town the fireman struck into the country, hardly knowing and scarcely caring whither he went. It seemed to Luke as if he were flying from his trouble, and he sped through the dead, brown fields, under the black leafless trees, alongside the dark ragged hedgerows, seeking a reprieve for the pain that was torturing heart and brain. But the bleak landscape and leaden- hued sky brought not the anodyne he songht. The passions that were contend- ing witin him were not to be tranquilised by any amount of penance in the shape of walking. But before Luke realised this he had left Ashford half a dozen miles behind, and by this time the short wintry day was beginning to draw in. He only discovered how far he had walked on perceiving the village of Long- don on the hillside a small distance ahead, and turning he bent his steps homeward again. It was bitterly cold, the wind blowing from the north-east, but the young fellow's blood was in too heated a condition for him to feel the chilliness of the icy air. Presently snow began to fall, slowly at first and in tiny flakes, but soon quickly and in great scales big as mining pieces. Suddenly Luke stopped in the path and taking the summons from his pocket read every word of it once more. By this time he thought Kate might have heard of it, and what a wretch she must think him. In a sudden impulse of passion he tore the blue sheet into minute fragments and tossed them over the hedge. Then he continued his walk, quickening his gait, for an idea had just come to him, and he had a purpose now in getting to Ashford as soon as he could. Looking at his watch, he saw that it was half-past three, and it would take him an hour or more to reach the King Pit. He would just be in time to intercept his sweetheart on her way home. He wanted to assure her that he was wholly guiltless of this monstrous accusation, and although he felt that he might not succeed in convincing Kate of his in- nocence he was determined to make the attempt. It was quite dark when Luke reached the colliery, and it yet wanted twenty minutes to 5, the hour at which Kate Leigh usually finished work. She could not have gone home yet, he mused, and taking up his station beside the old stile in the waggon road he awaited her coming. The ground was now covered with a soft white carpet of snow, and the great flakes were still descending and silently, steadily, adding to the mass. Regardless of the cold, he stood there in the semi- darkness, his hair, face, beard, and clothes covered with the congealed particles, silent and grim as a statue carven from frozen snow. A quarter of an hour passed and the steam whistles rung forth their unmusical notes, the stream of harsh sounds passing through the falling snowflakes with a strange muffled sound. It was five o'clock now and Kate might come any minute. Shading his eyes with his hand he glanced down the line endeavoring to make out her slim figure in the gloom. But he saw nothing, and he waited on. Another half-hour passed and again there was a hoarse piping of whistles accom- panied by a muffled clangor of bells. Was Kate working overtime? Was she working at all? Just as these questions flitted through his mind a dim figure came into sight. It was Kate? No! only the man who had granted her the holiday she had requested on the plea of illness. As he reached the stile he recognised the white figure stand- ing there, and said--- "Heaw do, Luke?" "Heaw do, Harry? Has Kate Leigh done yet?" "Hoo's not bin workin' sin' dinner tahme," the man replied. "Hoo went wboam ill." In another moment the miner was over the stile and going towards Bannister's- row. In a few minutes he was beside the garden-gate; now he was upon the narrow snow covered walk; then he was knock- ing at the door; now facing Mrs. Leigh on the threshold. "You here?" she cried sternly, with flashing eyes and lowered brows. "Yes. I want to see Kate." "She is ill in bed and cannot see you. I wonder that you dare come near her after what you have done!" "I am innocent," he said with simple pathos. "Do let me see her for a minute." "It is her own wish that you do not, and that wish is mine also. And I shall be obliged if you will never come near my house again." As she finished speaking she stepped back and the door was shut in his face. A great lump rose in Luke's throat, almost choking him, and two big tear- drops fell upon his frosted beard. He brushed the moisture from his eyes with an angry sweep of his palm, and turning away from the cottage felt that now he had reached hell's lowest and darkest depth. Then he went home to prepare for his night's work. When Luke called Kate was still up- stairs, having cried herself asleep but her mother was hardly warranted in saying she did not desire to see him, for not having spoken to her daughter on the subject she was, of course, unconscious of what the girl's desires on that point were. Willesden was in the parlor when Luke came, and he contrived to overhear what had passed between the fireman and Mrs. Leigh. When she came in Arthur called the incensed widow into his room, saying as she entered--- "May I ask, Mrs. Leigh, who it was that came to the door just now?" "Luke Standish?" "Wanting to see Kate, I suppose?" "Yes, the shameless brute." "You refused to let him, of course?" "Certainly, and gave him a bit of my mind in the bargain." "It was exceedingly ungentlemanly of him to come near her at such a time. He seems altogether unable to appreciate the extreme delicacy of her nature." To this Mrs. Leigh assented with a vigorous nod, and he went on-- "It has pained me very much, Mrs. Leigh, to think of the petty yet almost unendurable annoyances to which Kate will be subjected when she returns to work. Her engagement to Standish will make her a target at which her com- panions will shoot all sorts of things. You know how coarse some of those pit- girls are, and you know what it will be to bear their taunts. Wouldn't you like to spare her all this?" "Very much!" "Then keep her at home for a week or two, and I will take care that you lose nothing by her ceasing to work. You can say you have another attack of rheuma- tism. A little fib is justifiable in a case like this." She assented readily to this proposal, and when Kate came down from her room with red swollen eyes and disordered hair she found her mother apparently suffer- ing from another assault of her old com- plaint, and in response to Mrs. Leigh's urgent request she consented to remain off work for a few days. It was a great relief to Kate to think she would not have to face her workmates for that week at least. She fully under- stood what a butt she would become for rude banter and indelicate gibe, and she shrank from the ordeal of showing herself yet awhile to the public gaze. Willesden really felt some concern for Kate's delicacy of character, but his main design in wishing her to remain at home was that she might be kept out of Luke Standish's reach. He believed the girl loved his rival sufficiently to incline her to believe in her lover's protestations of innocence, and to prevent this he devised the little farce already enacted. On the following day Luke Standish again went to the house of the Sheargolds, his intention being the same as on the previous noon. But he was once more denied admission to the girl, and again it was alleged that Moll was still too ill to see him. He knew now that the girl was pur- posely evading a meeting with him. He could perceive that no opportunity of see- ing or speaking to her would be given him until they met face to face in the Ashford Borough Court. And it was not probable that they would meet in that place on Monday next, for he would not be there to defend himself. For various reasons he had decided on taking this course and allowing the judgment to go against him. In the first place he had heard that his sweetheart, Kate Leigh, and his friend, Arthur Willesden, were both to appear as witnesses against him, as they had seen him and Moll Sheargold together in the colliery yard late at night some months ago, and to spare his darling such a bitter humiliation he had resolved not to appear. It were better that he should lose what little chance he had of clearing himself from the black accusation than that Kate should be crushed to the dust in keenest shame by being dragged into the witness box and thus made the cynosure of the prying eyes and prurient minds with which the court would be crowded. To spare her that agony he would sacri- fice himself; and she would never know that he had thrown away his only chance in order to save her from pain and shame \--nay, would she not interpret his failure to defend himself as indisputable evidence of guilt? It was intensest bitterness to him to think of all this, but he had marked out the course he thought it best to pursue under all the circumstances and would not shirk it now. When the day of the trial arrived the court was densely packed with a gaping crowd of Ashford's most ignorant idlers all agog with expectation. But they were doomed to disappointment, for the case occupied only a very few minutes. The defendant did not put in an ap- pearance when his name was called, and judgment went against him by default. And while the case against her son was thus being disposed of Mrs. Standish was reading a letter she had just received from her lad. Luke had gone out early that morning, never mentioning whither he was going, or when he would be back, and now it appeared that he was not coming back at all. In the letter Luke stated that he was going far away from Ashford--might per- haps leave the country altogether--and when he had settled down somewhere he would send for his mother. Till that time she would remain at Ashford, as he had provided for her maintenance for two or three months. He had contrived to save thirty pounds, and half of this sum he had taken with him, having banked the other portion that morning in her name. He enclosed the bankbook, and she would be able to draw the money as she re- quired it. That was all he had to say. He wasted no ink in making further declarations of innocence, which he felt everybody would disbelieve. He said nothing as to where he thought of going. He was gone, and no one in Ashford had the remotest know- ledge of his destination. But the tidings of Luke's flight spread quickly through the town. His mother was deeply offended by his running away, and whenever she spoke of it she rated him soundly for his cowardice. If he was innocent he should have defended himself like a man; if he was guilty he should have admitted it like a man, and made the poor wench an honest woman. That was the way in which Mrs. Standish argued the matter, and the great majority of people thought as she did. Of all the thousands who knew about the case not one ever dreamt that the miner was innocent. Chapter XXIII.--"Off With The Old Love, on With The New." As Luke Standish had clearly foreseen, the fact of his sudden flight on the morn- ing of the trial had added the last link to the chain of evidence which convinced Kate Leigh that her late lover was cer- tainly guilty of the offence laid at his door. It was impossible for her to interpret the incident in any other way, and the fact of his destination being carefully hidden, even from his mother, went to show that he feared that the law might follow him. Not only was he a guilty wretch, but, as his parent said, a cowardly one, who had sinned and fled from the consequences. And now, being thoroughly satisfied that Luke was unworthy of her love, she strove to banish him from her heart and mind--a task she would never have striven to accomplish had her tender, loving nature been able to discover the slenderest excuse for his conduct. But all was dark as pitch against Luke \--nowhere glimmered the faintest streak of light. So guilty was he that he had not dared to face her during the past week. She did not know that the poor fellow had waited for her by the stile till he was half-frozen, and that he afterwards came to the cottage and was denied all access to her. Mrs. Leigh had thought it best to say nothing to Kate about Luke's visit, and this omission of the mother's caused the daughter to unjustly record another black mark against the pitman's name. Kate had not yet recommenced work, as her mother was still supposed to be un- well, and the girl still shrank from the idea of resuming her place among the pit- brow women. Since the day she left work she had never ventured beyond the con- fines of the cottage, her fear of encounter- ing the curious glances of people having been developed instead of being decreased by her retirement. And during the past few days the girl had perceived a change in Arthur Wllles- den's demeanor towards herself. He was still as deferential as ever, quite as re- spectful in every way, but his voice ap- peared to have a tone now that it had lacked previously--his lightest word a meaning that she had not noticed before. It was plain to Kate now that Willes- den was not only a warm, admiring friend, but a devoted lover also. A shadowy indefinite something she clearly appre- hended yet could not have defined told her of the transition which had taken place in Arthur's position and feelings towards her. She would not have discovered this change so readily had not her mother dropped such very plain hints regarding what might possibly happen now that a certain unworthy hulk of a fellow had taken himself out of the way. And when Kate came to notice Willesden's manner she was forced to think that her mother had made a shrewd guess at his feelings. And if, as Mrs. Leigh had intimated, their handsome and generous-hearted lodger had loved her all along it was certainly very noble of him never to overstep the boundaries of friendship so long as she was engaged to the man who had fled from his native town. But now that everything had altered and her engagement was a thing of the past he had certainly the right to try to win her; and thinking over the matter Kate could not help feeling impressed by the delicate and honorable way in which Arthur had behaved. She respected the young fellow very much, had a great admiration for his handsome appearance and gentlemanly address, and the debt of gratitude she and her mother owed him it would never be, she feared, in their power to repay. She even regretted that she did not return Willesden's affection, for was he not worthy of any woman's love? And what was she but an ignorant pit-brow girl? One of a class despised by many; and what man in Arthur's position--save himself--would think of choosing a wife from her walk of life? All the circumstances of the case--save one--pleaded in Willesden's favor. He had played his part so well as to cast a glamour over both mother and daughter, and it was probable that when he deigned to ask Kate to marry him she would consent. The only thing that militated against him was the ghost of the old love which still haunted the girl, but which she was constantly endeavoring to lay. At last the crisis came. It was a couple of days after Luke's flight, and Arthur re- solved to put his fate to the touch that evening should a favorable opportunity present itself. He had given Mrs. Leigh a hint of his intention in the morning, and she applauded his resolution, promis- ing to give him the chance he so much desired. After nightfall, when the household work was over, and Kate had donned a bright-colored dress of print, which set off her simple beauty as a tuft of green leaves sets off a rose, Mrs. Leigh made some excuse for slipping out to some of her neighbors, leaving her daughter by the fireside knitting. The closing of the back door warned Arthur, who was on the alert, that his opportunity had arrived, and he was just is the mood for grasping it. He ad- vanced into the kitchen, his dark face flushed and handsome, his black eyes flashing with the light of love and hope. She glanced up as he came in, accord- ing him a smile of welcome, and accepting this as an omen of success he went to- wards the fireplace, saying-- "Busy, I see, Miss Leigh?" "Yes, in a small way," she responded, the bright needles twinkling in her deft fingers. "My mother has just gone to Mrs. Dawson's." "Then we shall be alone for a few minutes, and I am glad, for it gives me an opportunity I have long desired. Do you know, Miss Leigh, that I have come to make a confession?" Chapter XXIV.--Another Betrothal. "Do you know, Miss Leigh," Arthur Willesden had said, "that I have come to make a confession?" The clicking of the girl's needles ceased for a moment as she glanced up at his words. She thought she understood the matter to which he referred, and her sweet face grew crimson under his ardent eyes. Then she dropped her gaze, her needles clicked and twinkled faster than before, and she echoed-- "A confession?" "Yes; but I am sinner enough to believe that you will grant me the fullest absolution when I have fully explained the nature of my sinning, and also its cause." He paused a moment as if he expected some reply; but Kate was silently plying her knitting pins, and he continued-- "You will be indignant, I am sure, Miss Leigh, when you learn that I came here--to this house--under false pre- tences." She cast a swift look at him, but uttered no word. "I told you and your mother that I was an author who had come to Ashford specially to study mining life. It was not so. I am no author, and I never cared to learn any- thing about the pits--save that which concerned you." Still she said nothing, but the needles flitted to and fro, and the grey-hued wool went sliding round her little brown finger. "The author business was the most plausible excuse I could invent at the time to account for my staying in the town, and from the moment I first set eyes on you I found it impossible to leave Ashford. To be near you always I deceived both you and your mother. That is my sin. May I hope that you will forgive me the deception I practised upon you?" "I have nothing to forgive, Mr. Willesden," she replied with some emotion, "and every reason to be thankful that you came here. We shall never be able to repay all your great kindness." "I have not yet finished my con- fession," he retorted. "When I have done you will not speak so kindly, I fear. I love you, Kate--have done so since we first met in the waggon road. I resolved then to win you, but on coming to live here found that you were engaged to another. That knowledge sealed my lips, though it could not close my heart. So long as you were affianced to another I never showed by word or act what were my feelings towards you. I speak now because you are free. Kate, darling, will you be my wife?" He had pleaded his cause most elo- quently--had presented himself and his actions in the best possible light. His pretty little speech had been carefully prepared and committed to memory weeks ago, and it had been rehearsed more than once. No wonder that it made an im- pression on Kate. Standing there on the hearthrug with his back to the fire, his dark handsome face aglow with passion, his flashing black eyes aflame with love- light, that prettily-told tale of love at first sight falling from his lips in tenderest accents touched the girl in the way he de- sired, and won him the battle. Willesden's love had a most ignoble birth, springing as it did, firstly, from the worst possible motives, but his love was real enough now; and Kate felt it, and knowing nothing of the base feelings which had first attracted him towards her, and having an exalted idea of his character, she honestly regretted that she did not love him, and wished that he had come to woo before her heart was stolen by Luke Standish. She said something of this to him in answer to his impassioned plea. He had taken her hands in his own and the knit- ting had slipped from Kate's lap upon the floor, displacing one of the needles and dropping several stitches. She was still seated, and he was bent over her, waiting for her to speak. "It is so sudden," she faltered. "I could not restrain myself any longer," he pleaded. "Think how long I have kept my love within bounds for another man's sake. Give me one word of hope. Say at least that you do not hate me." "Oh, no! I respect and admire you--- I wish I loved you," she exclaimed frankly. "You will understand me, I know. I cannot forget and love again in a week." She sighed as if some bitter memory had crossed her mind, and he responded--- "I have been too hasty perhaps; I thought only of my love; I forgot your mistake." "Yes, it was a mistake, but it is over now." "And may I hope that some day your respect and admiration will give birth to a tenderer feeling?" "It may--I hope so," she replied fer- vently. "Then I am satisfied that it will; and, Kate, your respect and admiration are more to me than any other woman's love could be. Promise to be my wife, and from such feelings nothing but love can come. Will you not say yes?" "If you wish it--knowing all," she faltered. "If I wish it!" he cried jubilantly. "Why it is my dearest earthly hope. I want the right to forbid you ever donning the garb of a pitgirl again." "There is nothing wrong about that." "Not for ordinary girls, but for you it seems quite out of place. Well, you have done with it all, thank goodness, and you will look prettier and more like the true gentlewoman you are in the pretty dresses I shall buy you than in your corduroy breeches." She laughed, and then their pact was sealed with the tender salutation cus- tomary in such agreements. He drew a chair beside her, seated himself thereon, the knitting was lifted from the white flags, and as Kate addressed herself to the task of taking up the dropped stitches he asked-- "And when is the wedding to be, Kate?" She hesitated to name a date, being in no hurry to resign her freedom. "You shall select your own time," he said, seeing that it would not do to press for an early marriage just yet, much as he desired it. "Suppose we say a month from to-day?" he added. She shook her shapely head decisively, and he asked-- "Two months, then." "Why need we name a date just yet?" she replied. "Because I love you so much, dear, that every day will be torture until I make you mine. So that you name a day \--I care not when--I shall be satisfied. I want to be able to look forward to a day when my happiness will be assured." "And is the naming of the day quite essential to your happiness?" she ques- tioned, wishing to gain time and hoping that her mother would return in time to save her from Arthur's tender impor- tunities. "Quite so--name it!" he cried with mock imperiousness of tone and gesture. "From to-day is it to be one month or two?" She nodded, half won, half wearied by his loving persistence, and her motion of assent caused him to exclaim joyfully-- "In two months, then, you will be my wife. How happy you have made me, darling!" He took her lovingly In his arms and pressed his lips tenderly to her own. But much as Kate respected and admired Arthur--greatly as she now loathed her old lover--she felt that Willesden's car- resses were but as milk compared with the wine of Luke Standish's heart-thril- ling kisses. ' Ftot DogMeaejr {reading)— ? ? Lotf, a blaot pobtfle. Rve-potrnds t*war^.' Take tie fetid y : «bef wa yerfiftgfeai m tMloway-uqaeer,' BiU.' Second liogWBsto^'*IQsra't. Y«r?know:itV -? bkicquB'Tvite oil'- -Fiwt l-pgeto*l«— ' T-Al , t*r itJtuAca viie thf&ogh;* puua' tor 'er.' 