Royal Hall :Theatre. " LAST Saturday evening the gresat temihradce drama .in foracts,'entitled "Drlnk,' was put on the boards at this theatre, and drew a crowded house. .As usual with this clast of play, the drunkard aas depicted in the lowest depths to which man an bhbrought by the influencre ofdrink ;'and the repr sedfit 6o of the main character could not have bern plaiced in"abler hands than those of Mr. G. W. Collier as Warden ; his acting, though repulsive enough is its barbarity at times, evidenced . true and careful cumprehension of the various attitudes.and faral'exrsesions of the drunkard. t It was extremely sad to sitners the degra dation to which a man can ir S and. bhinep innocent ones ans well, by his utter carlesstenss and inahility to refrain from the accursed stuff..; AW these scenes, only too common all the- world d?er. were represented with thrilling realism by hMr; Collier; 'Miss Lirzie Law. rence had a dual part to perform-Mrs. VWarden in the second act, and .Ma!ry Wafden, elder daughter of the drunkard, in the twd subsequnt acts. As'the sick wife, she acted her part splendidly, vividly illustrating the misery endured by those least deserving it through the drunken habits of the head of the family "and dieda- victim to:Wardens neglect. .As ary?, Miss Lawrence was exellent, appealing 'to the tender passionof the audience b her sisterly love for and earnest prayer for the safety o1 her brother Willie (Mr. C. W. hMeade).. This younggentleman appeared to great advantage'isthe ravenger of his rother Henry. It appeared that WVarden, in a drunken lit. had turned his sons adrift on 'ther World, fnd they had taken to poaching. Hersy -ws shot bya gamekeeper, rho in tuon sas shot by Wldliet and fraring detecton, Willie WVarden fled hack to his father, to whom hr confessed his guilt, warning him not to. say a word about his hiding place. Warden seemed. to awaken from his miserable drunken dreanm'for a few moments, exclaiming--" Wewant bhead, I'klow wse do ; and out 1 got to beg, borrow, orsteal the wherewithal to procure it." W[llis, her handed him what few shillings he hadto tuiy foo'd,hut the infernal craving seized upon the old man at once, and off he went to the nearest pub. and spent it. This was playing right into the hands of.Detectlive Patsy Doonlan (Mr..W. J. Medus) who had charge of the unravelling of the murder of the gamekeeper. He, under the disguise ofa sailor, enticed'Warden to drink nmore, and elicited from Ihim the fact that his son was in tie house, where. upon he was arrested, thus making the third or fourth victim of Warden's weakness. "Mtiss Violet .ters was very good as Dot, younger daughter of Warden, her bright face and "happy little chatter..hteiptg a pdleasant contrast to sucb dismal surroundings. Mr. T. 'W. \- ilis (who it spay b menotioned, wassuffering from ndioshio -cllention) v s a l r irt" suiting him adhirably, giving 'hiom n?eeal 'oppor tuidties to shoy'his honesty .and snlrines, which were taken advantage of, and rcevced'.the applause they richly deserved. .ir hMeelfe'and Miss Cecilia Addison, as Mr and hMrs Grogblossom, with their son TommyMaster'Hill) wer firtst-ass.1'he formter, not once letting it enter his head how Warden's wife and chdildren fared, took particular care not to: frget "tle threppence, please." Mlssrs Herman'anll Medas; as Jerry and Joe, in fthe last act, wrequite up to the mark, the make-up and appearance of the former giving one the inpre?asit" that lhe hailed from Nuumber One loiler, Marra Ilank.. Mr h?edus caused no end of laughter by his fright, almost shaking himself to pieces when Mary, the kind andEfaithfil girl, entered the hovel with jirdisiiou for Iier father, takling her for a "ghostes," as he.ciallcd.her' -Thplecpeiwas h'rbrsght to a close by Warden,.reddced to. tatters andi niarly sanN memonry stabhipgltmoelfto terminatehismisery. The lime-light tahleadx at th coucldusionof each act were magnificnt:and'appreprlate, *dispolyni'groat credit upon Mr C?.VWahren. the young man enutrasted with the manufa'ctlre and nahagemtnt of: this branch of the show. The plerformances at this theatre are quite up to Mlblhourne productions, aij i is pilesing to note, are being patronised as theydeserse. 