THE BRIDAL EVE. BY MRS. E. D. E. N. SOUTHWORTH. As the young duchess looked up at this face smiling sweetly down upon hers her own countenance went through many rapid changes ; first a vague surprise, then a fearful suspicion, lastly a horrified recognition, and she gave vent to her feelings in that cry of anguish we all utter in our extremity— "Oh, my God !" She threw her hands up to her face, reeled back, and sank upon the sofa. The visitor deliberately crossed the room, folded his arms across his broad chest, and standing before her, said : "My sudden appearance has startled you, madam the duchess ! Your grace scarcely expected to see me here ?" There are shocks so great that they kill the weak and stun the strong into a state resembling calmness. This was such an one to the young duchess. It did not crush—it calmed her. Though pale as death, she quietly motioned her stange visitor to a seat, and when he had taken it, said : "In the name of heaven, have you re- turned from the grave to ruin me ?" "No, mine own ; I have returned ouly from the Continent. I am not ghost, but solid flesh and blood, as I can soon con- vince you," said the visitor, gaily, rising and holding out his arms, as if to embrace her. "Stop ! no nearer, on your life and soul !" said Rose, speaking in a deep, stern voice, that sounded strangely and fearfully from those bloodless lips, and extending her hand in a forbidding ges- ture. He sank back in his chair, regarding her with wonder and curiosity. "In the name of heaven, I adjure you to tell me—why did you give out a report of your own death ? why have, you absented yourself so many years ? and why have you returned now ?" "Ha ! ha ! ha !" laughed the stranger, throwing himself back in his chair, this is a pretty reception to give me, after a four years' absence. "Once more I adjure you, by the righteous Judge of quick and dead, tell me why you have practised this long and fatal deception ?" "Sweet partner of all my joys and sorrows, I do not know that I have any right to keep the secret from you. I will tell you, then. I fled, as you know, from a criminal charge of a monstrous nature, and of which it would have been very difficult to prove my innocence. I ingeniously spread the report of my own death to stop pursuit, and obtain—ob- livion. After four year's absence, when I supposed myself to be forgotten, I returned to England—can yon not guess why ?—to see my beloved Rose. And where do you suppose I first saw her ?" asked the stranger, pausing and looking fixedly in the pallid face of the young duchess. "Go on," were the only words that escaped her bloodless lips. "I found her at midnight on Houns- low Heath, in the hands of footpads." "You were—". Rose gasped and stopped. "I was the companion of the man calling himself Colonel M'Carthy in your pretended rescue." "Then, if you recognised me there, why did you not make yourself known to me '? It would have prevented all this utter ruin." "Because it did not suit my circum- stances to do so. My return to England was an experiment. It remained yet to be tried whether I should be remembered and pursued. Besides, as soon as I recognised in our intended victim my own Rose, I wished to deliver you from the power of my colleague, M'Carthy, a purpose that I could only effect by the utmost secrecy and caution." "Explain yourself." "You must have1 already surmised that the whole affair of the attack on your carriage, your rescue by Colonel M'Carthy and myself, and your refuge of Howlet's Close, was all a preconcerted arrangement, planned by M'Carthy alias M'Somebodyelse, to throw you into the power of a certain illustrious personage whose name was not to be mentioned in the affair ; and who, I suppose, really never authorised it." "Oh, heaven, what a pandemonium is this town ! what demons are in it !" muttered Rose, in horror. "Very true, my love ; but you are un- wise to disturb yourself about them. To resume. You were taken to the country house miscalled Howlet's Close. You were shown to your chamber, but fortuna- tely did not retire to bed. A man in a mask came out from his concealment in a dark closet ; his purpose was honest, and though he unwillingly gave you a desperate fright, he bore you away from a house of danger, and he would have borne you to one of safety, had not your own outcries and the untimely arrival of the Duke of Beresleigh prevented his laudable purpose, and made it necessary for him to beat a speedy retreat. You have already recognised in your deliverer, from that house of danger—myself !" "Go on ! Why did you not claim me then and there, before I rushed, dragging down all I love, to this horrible pit of perdition ?" exclaimed Rose, in despair. "Because, my love, as I repeat, my circumstances did not permit me to do so. I dared not alienate my friend at court by letting him know that I had freed the bird 1 had engaged to help him to entrap, And 1 dared not let the authorities know of my return to Eng- land. I was forced to use caution and secrecy in all that I did. You were delivered from my honest custody by the hands of the Duke of Beresleigh, and the next news I heard of you was the announcement of your betrothal to his grace." "Oh, man ! man ! why did you not then, at least, come forward and prevent the consummation of such a horribls misfortune ?" "Because, my dear, the principle of self-sacrifice was never a considerable element in my character. The necessity of secrecy and caution had increased tenfold. It was while laying perdu after that night's adventure, I ascertained beyond all doubt that I had been recognised, and that the police were in search of me. You see I durst not discover myself to one even so dear as you." "Then, in the name of Heaven, why do you appear to blast me with your presence now ?" cried Rose, in horror. "Because the necessity of conceal- ment no longer exists. Because my enemy—my persecutor—no longer lives ; he is dead—dead and d— d !" exclaimed the stranger, in a tone of intense hatred, as a demoniac glare flashed like lurid lightning athwart the calmness of his countenance. "And because," he added, emphatically, "I want you for myself." The young duchess, shuddering, hid her face in both her hands, without replying. "Come, Rose," he continued, with his usual composure, "if you did not owe me fidelity and affection, you do owe me at least some gratitude for my deliverance of you from a house that you could scarcely have left without my aid. Even his grace the duke could not have dis- covered your retreat, or rescued you from that well-chosen hiding-place. Come, Rose, you have given me a very cold reception ; but when I assure you that I am willing to forgive this escapade of yours with the duke, and provide for your flight with me to the Continent—if you will consent to be mine ?" "Wretch ! cease your insults. I will hear no more ?" cried Rose, shivering with disgust. "Come, Rose, this is carrying matters with rather too high a hand. You know that you are in my power—soul and body you are mine." "No, by the blue heavens above us ! not so fallen as that. I am not yours, thank God !" "What ! do you forget the little transaction at the village church at Swinburne four years ago ? By that I claim you as my own." "I forget nothing ; least of all a later fact that I should ever remember, namely, that I am the most unworthy wife of one as high above you as Heaven is above Hades—so high above you that he should not even be named in your presence. To him, my noble husband, will I go— to him will I confess all, as I should have done before our marriage would he have consented to hear me— he only, my husband, shall be my judge. I will commit my cause to him, and re- ceive my fate from his own just hands. And, whatever that fate may be, I shall know it to be righteous, coming from him ; and, whatever it may be, though the Duke of Beresleigh may banish this poor Rose for ever from his sight—look you, sir ! you, at least, I will never see again. The monstrous and unnatural crime that has made you hateful to all mankind has made you loathsome to me." "Madam, you will sing another song or ever the play is over." "Your threats are vain ! Do not misjudge me by the strong agitation into which your first unexpected appearance threw me ! Like an apparition from the grave, you startled me from my self-possession and judgment. Your diabolical proposal that I should fly with you to the Continent restored me to myself ; showed me that, in suffering your presence and conversation, I was doing a great, wrong. And now, sir, I command yon to leave the house," said the young duchess, gaining courage at the sound of her own brave words. "Oh, you believe yourself Duchess of Beresleigh, no doubt ; but I live to bar your claim to that, proud title." "I may not wear the title of the Duchess of Beresleigh for another day, but I am still the Baroness Etheridge of Swinburne, and, as such, I shall employ all my wealth and power to rid society of a monster unfit to infest it ! And now, sir, I order you to leave this house ; for if you desecrate this place with your presence one moment longer, I shall send for a policeman, and you shall spend this night in custody, whatever to-morrow may bring forth," said the duchess, rising and laying; her hand upon the bell-cord. He sprang forward, and with a look, half entreaty, half command, arrested her hand, exclaiming : "Rose, you are mad ! mad ! Pause, and reflect, before you pull down irre- trievable ruin upon your own young head ! Listen, calmly, while I place before you two courses of action, with their certain consequences. You say that you will go to the duke and tell him all ! You will tell the haughtiest peer in England of the dark blot you have brought upon his escutcheon. Do you imagine that lie will show you any mercy ? I tell you, men, whether peers or peasants, never, forgive such wrongs ! He will repulse you with loathing and abhorrence, and leave you to your fate ! You will be subjected to a degrading criminal trial, that must end in certain conviction, and all its horrible consequences—too horrible to think upon ! Can you, so young and fair, and so beloved and worshipped, bear a doom so dark with anguish and with ignominy ?" Her face grew white and sharp with woe, and then with that look still upon it, seemed to turn to marble. Not the sculptured front of Nemesis could be whiter, stiller, sterner, than her young brow, as she replied : "It may be as you say. I may sink into this black pit that yawns to receive me ; yet if my path of duty leads thither, I will not swerve to the right or to the left, but walk straight to it as ever a martyr walked to the stake. I will tell my husband all, and he shall be my judge." "You are frantic ! frantic ! I say, Rose. Yet if you have a single ray of reason left, listen while I tell you the brighter results of an opposite course of conduct. Consent to lly with me to the Continent. You can quietly collect your money and jewels to-night, steal from the house, and meet me at the corner of the square at three o'clock in the morning." To be Continued. 