IMPERIAL FEDERATIUN. VIEWS.-OF SIR' CHARLES. LILLEY. . THE.. AIMS- OF THE . FEDERATION ! ISTSiPURELYTSELFISII. . By Wire,— From- Oun Correspondent.) BRISBANE, Sunday. Tho Brisbane Telegraph publishes a letter by SirOharlcs Lilley, Chief Justice, to a friend on thesubject of Imperial federation. The Chief Justice expresses the opinion that any constitu tional change in the direction of closer political union with the mother country would be mischievous, would lead to a premature, violent, and unfriendly separation, aud to much misery. The letter then refers at great length to the terrible poverty existing in England, and says "anient supporters of Imperial federation need never hope to assist Great Britain to get rid of her surplus paupers by sending them to Austra lia. " Referring to the promoters of the Imperial federation scheme. Lord Rosebcry, Earl of Car narvon, and Cardinal Manning, the Chief Jus tice says, " Instead of directing their ability and energy and knowledge of affairs to the work of humanity and statesman ship which lies before thorn at their doors, . these gentlemen started in pursuit of Imperial federation, a phantom with less substance behind it than Pepper famous ghost. "What Australians desire and will maintain is their right to develope their national lifo as they will, .unfettered by restriction from abroad, or from any Eternal Authority." Referring to tho objects of Imperial federation the writor fWlnrc? " tjm movement is z purely selfish one in aid of British-interests. Tito hope of Englishmen is that Australia will help the to coerce India and hold her in subjection, and listening to tho language of soino of these men tfc home, we may now reasonably approhend that the first armed enemy of Australia wili be England, with Indian troops, at the cost of a wretchedly impoverished, tax ridden, people, of India. Whilst Australia should wisely let present friendly connection with England exist until wc are ready to meet any foe by land or water, it is clea.t wc must prepare ourselves for any contingency." The writer in conclusion says, ' Lot our motto then be Independence peacefully achieved if it maybe, but Indepen dence. If Englishmen are wise they will bo content with the present state of their relations .with Australia. How long Australians will be content is impossible to say, for dependence is not likely to remain long a condition of a power ful people. Tho presence of any scheme likely to hamper Australia's development will lead her to measures of self defence. 