The Secret Chamber, I -was riding .between. Albany and Pougb-keepsie. It was raining furiously, and my liorse,. already, weary with, long travel, gave unmistakable signs of dis couragement. I was therefore greatly relieved when in the most desolate part of the road I espied rising' i*ef ore me 4;he dim outlines of a .house, and was correspond ingly disappointed when, upon riding forward, I perceived that it was but a deserted ruin I was approaching, whose~ f alien chimneys and broken windows be trayed 'a dilapidation so great that I could scarcely hope to find so much as a tempor ary shelter within. Nevertheless, I was so tired of the biting Btorm that I involuntarily stopped before the decayed and forbidding structure, and was in truth, withdrawing my foot from the stirrup, when I beard an unexpected exclamation behind me, and, turning, saw a buggy, from th.e 'open front of which leaned a gentleman of most attractive ap pearance. * What are you going to do ? ' he asked. ' Hide my head from the storm,' was iny hurried rejoinder. * I am tired, and so is my horse, and the town, according to all ap pearances, muBt be at least two miles dis tant.' ' No matter if it is three miles, you must not take sbelter in that charnel-house,' he muttered, and moved along in his seat as if to show me tbere was room for me be side. Mm. . . . ' Why,' I exclaimed, struck with, sudden curiosity, ' is .this one of the haunted houses -we hear of ? If so, I shall cer tainly enter, and be much obliged to the storm for driving me into so interesting a spot.* I thought he looked embarrassed. At all events, I am sure he hesitated for a mo ment whether or not to ride on and leave me to my fate. But his better impulses seemed to prevail, for he suddenly cried — * Get in with, me, and leave mysteries alone. If you want to come back here after you have learned the history of that house, you can do so j but first ride on to town and have a good meal ; your horse will follow easily enough after he is rid of your weight.' It 'was too tempting an offer to be re fused ; so, thankfully accepting his kind ness, I alighted from my horse, and. after tying him to the back of the buggy got in with this genial stranger. As I did so, I caught another view of the ruin I had been so near entering. ' Good God !' I exclaimed, pointing to the structure that, with its projecting upper story and ghastly apertures, presented a most suggestive appearance, *if it does not look like a skull !' My companion shrugged his shoulders, but did not reply. The comparison was evi dently not & new one to him. That evening, in a comfortable inn parlor, I read the following manuscript. It was placed in my hands by this kindly stranger, who in so doing explained that it had been written by the last occupant of the old inn I was so nearly on the point of investigating. She had been its former landlady, andhad clung to the ancient house after decay had settled upon its doorstep, and desolation breathed from its gaping windows. She died in the north room, and it ' vras from under her -pillow the dis colored leaves were taken, the words of which I now place before you. January 28, 1776. — I do not understand myself, I do not understand my doubts, nor can I analyse my fears. When I saw the carriage drive off, followed by the waggon with its inexplicable big box, I thought I should certainly regain my former serenity. But I am more uneasy than ever. I cannot Test, and keep going over and over in my mind the few words that passed between us in their short stay under my roof. It is her face that haunts me. It must be that, for it had a strange look of trouble in it as well as of sickness ; but neither can I forget his, so fair, so merry, and yet so unpleasant, especially when he glanced at her, and, as I could not help but think before they went away, when he glanced at me. I do not like him, and the chills creep over me whenever I remember his laugh, which, was much too frequent to be decent, con sidering how poorly 'his young wife looked. They are gone, and their belongings with them, but I am as much afraid as if they were still here. Why? That is what I cannot tell. I sit in the room where they slept, and feel as strange and terriffed as if I had encountered a ghost there. I dread to stay and dread to move, and write because I must relieve myself in some way — that is, if I am to have any sleep to-night. Am I ill, or was there something unexplained and mysterious in their actions ? Let me go* over the past and see. They came last evening about twilight. I was in the front of the house, and seeing such a good-looking couple in the carriage and Bucb. a pile of baggage with them that they have to have an. extra waggon to carry it, I ran out in all haste to welcome them. She had a veil drawn over her face, and it was so thick that I could not see her features; but her figure was slight and graceful, and. 'I took a fancy to her at once, perhaps because she held her arms out when she saw me, as if ehe thought she beheld in me a friend. He did not please me bo well, though there is no gain saying that he is handsome enough, and epeaks, when he wishes to, with a great deal of courtesy. But I thought he ought to give his attention to Ms young and ailing wife instead of being so con cerned about his baggage. Had that ~big box of his contained gold he could not . have looked at it mere lovingly or been more anxious about its handling. He said it held books $ but, pshaw 1 what is there in books, that' a^ man should love. them better than his 'wife, and -watch over.their ?welfare with the utmost concern, while \- allowing1 a stranger to help her out of the carriage and up the irm steps ? But I will not. dwell any, longer upon this. Men/are etrange beings, and must not be judged i-jTulefi ?that apply to -women. Xiet me 'see if I can remember when it was th^t. Iv first. ? saw her face. Ah, yes, -it -was in the parlor. She had taken a seat there whileher husband looked through tie ? ionise, and, decided which jbom to take. There were four empty, and v*wo of them were the choicest and jaiziest « ? . ? in the inn, but he passed by these and in sisted upon taking one that was stuffy with disuse, because it was »-. the ground floor, and so convenient for us to bring his great box into. His great box .! I was ^so provoked at this everlasting concern about his great box, that I ran to the parlor intending to ask the lady herself to interfere. But when I got to the threshold I paused and did not speak, for the lady — or Mrs. Urquhart, as I presently found she called herself — had risen from her seat, and -was looking in the glass with an expression so sad and searching that I forgot my errand and only thought of comforting her. But the moment she heard my step, she drew down the veil which she had tossed back, and, coming quickly towards me, asked if her husband, had chosen a room. I answered in the affirmative, and began to complain that it was not a very cheer ful one. But she paid small attention to my words, and presently 1 found myself following her to the apartment designated. She entered, making a picture as she crossed the threshold which. I shall not readily forget. For in her short quick walk down the hall she had torn the bonnet from 1-rr head, and, though she ?was not a -oily beautiful woman, she was sufficiently interesting to make her every movement attractive. But that was not alL For some reason the moment possessed an importance for her which I could not measure. I saw it in her whole poise, in the pallor of her cheeks and the uprightness of her car riage. The sudden halt she made at the threshold, the half-startled exclamation the gave as her eyes fell on the in terior, all showed that she was laboring under some secret agitation. But what was the cause of that agitation I have not been able to determine. (to be continued. 