THE GOLDEN BO W0L. ' What's the matter?' asked Carrie, in some amaz-ment, 'antd what are those sounds ?' looking up towards the ceiling. 'That's it, miss, that's them young women engaged at the Wictoria up here; three of them is in the ballet, and t'other is in the chorus; and that's what they calls practising, and they've been swearieg Sat me-because I wouldn't leave your bacon to, frizzle away to fat, and go and fetch them a pot of porter.' ': Swearing;' with an expression:. of horror. ' 'Oh, yes, they makes nothing o'-- that; but don't mind 'em, miss, come and eat your breakfast while its 'ot;- HIere's tlie loveliest bit of streaky beacon as you ever set eyes on, and two ounces of the best butter, which you'd best keep upstairs,' with a knowing wink, 'and' when you've done, please let me know, and I'll make .the bed and put the room tidy, that is un less you are going out.' ' Very well, I will ring, but can you tell me where the Daily Telegraph office is ?' 'Oh, yes, miss, you just'go down to the end bf the street, and over - Blackfriars Bridge, and then turns, to your left down Fleet-street, and you'll see it there stuck up to look like a clock -when you get about half way down, I've been there many a time, I always 'tises ini the Daily Telegraph when I'se out.of a place,' : 'You what ?' "Tiers ; put a 'tisemeut in, saying I wants a place, and I gets lots of answers, 'Tisn't now as it used-'to be with servants. They doesn't grow like blackberries on bushes, and a servant can pick her places now, instead of the missus picking her. out. Glad I didn't live twenty years ago; 'folks wern't as spry as they'isnow.' 'No, I suppose not-thankyoui,' and . Carrie was left alone to eat her breakfast. _ Such a breakfast. So tiilike thedainty ' and luxurious repasts at Clovelly Court, The 'lovely streaky bacon' was an eighth of an inch thick, and only half • cooked; the boiled egg on being opened smelt so strong as to be uneatable, and the butter, recommended as being the very best, was possessed of such a flavour that the French roll, which was decidedly good, seemed far preferable without it. Hunger is a wonderful sauce, however, and the bacon and bread, besideshalf of the tea, had disappeared, when Sally came to clear away the remainder. 'I'll fake a walk by the river for half-an hour, I think, while you sweep up the room,' observed Carrie. 'Yes, do, miss; but mind you don't lose yourself. If you've not been in Lon don before it's easy enough not to find your way back. If you goes over -Water i loo Bridge and turns down the steps at r the other end of it, you'll get on the Em bankment, and you can walk about there and nobody take no noticeof you; if 'twas summer too you could take a book and sit in the gardens; it's what I 'does . myself very often, but it's too cold iow ; you'll have to walk about pretty sharp to keep warm .' " - . ' Thank you, that is where I: will- go, but I will not be very long; you will:keep the fire ini, won't you ?' And then attired in the dress in which she had travelled from. Clovelly,' very thandsome mourning, fitting her graceful figure as only a first-rate modiste seems to knosw how to make it, Carrie walked out into 'the streets, the eyes of more than ..one person as she passed turning to look .aafter her,.- -... Sliehas passed the toll-house of Water Ilo Bridge, and is standing looking-down into the water.. What 'stories` she had read of this place. How many miserable sinners :" " Med from life's history, Glad to death's mystery ; \- "Swift to be hurled : Anywhere, anywhere out of thoworld." had come here to take a last lookr at earth and sky before closing; their eyes' upon them for ever. . She thinks of it ,with a shudder; the y cold air from the river seems to come up a and strike her face with its icy :breath saying, 'Go back, go back," and she turns I away and hurries on, not,- however, before i she had attracted the attention of one of the toll-house keepers for the time off ?duty who had first-of- all'been struck by i her fair, lovely face, then by her- deep mourning, and the look of longing terror that came over her features as she watched the water rolling so swiftly beneath--her feet. '-- He kept his eye on her till she was off [ the bridge, which it seemed to him his l. duty to do; and an hour later; perhaps, for the.sake of her' pretty face, he was glad to see her come back again un harmed. . Meanwhile Sally Bosker had been industrious, though not perhaps. in a manner Carrie would have approved of. - ; Her curiosity had been greatly excited J the previous night by the arrival of trunks and portmanteaus, amounting to eight in number, and all possessed too, by- this young lady, who was in-deep and new mourning, and who, therefore, would not be likely, one would sulppose,- to require Sany very great variety of costume or much luggage. Nevertheless, there they were. Eight boxes, none of them empty, though some were certainly heavier than the others, and Sally was particularly anxious to examine them. ' 'b Miss Carey, passenger to London,' was written on them, but Sally's keen eye had some doubt about the ' y' at the eed of the surname, and on one box she was Squite certain the original letter had been a 'Plymouth to- Paddington,' she read, looking at the raihRay labels stuck on t' hem :- Victoria to Clapham J'unction; Clapham Junction to Waterloo.' 'You're Snot a godd'un at hiding, Mliss Carew, or SCarey, whichever you may be; only a .i.baby would have left them labels on to tellwhereyou've been, But my I shouldn't i like to look in .them boxes. There's I'wonderful things there, I'll be bound; not \--as I'd taire one of them, but I should like to see 'enm.' - The boxes had all been safely locked and corded however, only one had been opened by the young lady on the previous ni-iglht, and this, though not corded, was .locked up again. " So Sally's curiosity for the -time was Sbaffled, and kInowing her heistress would soon be calling her she hastened to do her:work in tidying tip the room. As Carrie Carew came back from her 1 walk and asceneded the stairs to her own room, she met a wotman, the sight of -whom made her stagger and clutch the bannister with astonishment, for it was as Sthough shie had seen her own face five years older, rouged and powdered, bear \- ing the mark of dissipation in every feature and yet, despite all this, the likeness was so great that she shivered to think that she might have had a twin sister, who, living such a life, could become like this Swoman., But no word was exchanged between them, Recovering from the momentary shock she passed on and gained her own room, where she found Sally leaning out of the window, listening with great attention to an animated dispute which was taking place in the Irish colony below. ' Who was that woman I met on the stairs ?' asked Sally, sinking into a chair, with her face paler than usual. 'What was she like, miss ; dark ?' 'No, fair; something like me.' 'Like you I' with a contemptuous laugh. ',Not muchlike you when she's not made up, miss. Your hair's your own and her's come from the hairdresser's, and her complexion's all put on, just as her dress is ; she's called Madlle. Nathalie, but her real name is Sloecombe, Martha Sloecombe ; she's one of the ballet dancers I told you of, and the one that. sweirs the loudest. If you'll lake my advice, knowing what she is, 'you won't speak to her.' 'Of course I shall not. You can bring ne some luncheon in an hour's time, and bring me some ink now, I have letters to write.' When Sally returned with the ink her curiosity was slightly gratified, for one of the larger.boxes was standing open, and on the table was a lady's writing desk, such as she had. never seen except in a few nVest-end shop windows, for it seemed to be made with ivory inlaid with gold and coral, all its fittings being ornamented with, the same costly materials ; the box, too, seemed to contain shawls and cloths of many colours, while Carrie pointed to one which lay on the table, saying : 'Spread that over the bed, will you; that torn quilt is not a pretty sight.' 'But isn't it too good, miss?' ''No. Besides it will make the bed. look like a couch, and take off the'ippear ance of its being.a bedroom.' 'Perhaps you expect somebody,: miss?' 'No, I' don't I' was the alarmed reply, 'and I'never shall have anyone to see me. I don't wish toasee anyone either; no one, Sally.' 'Yes, miniss, I'll remember to forget your living:here,' and then she went, leav ing the 'young lady alone. Carrie's letter to the lawyer was brief and marked 'private.' She said : ' Dear.Mr. Shrapnell,-I am afraid you will; be very angry at the step I have taken ;:but indeed I forgot my promise to you'in the terrible shock I received before leaving Clovelly. I am now in London, but :don't try to find me, it would do no good as I will never return to the Court except in the same position as I have ilways held. there. I do not. believe Hilda's story; surely it can be disproved. If you have any news for me will you advertise it in the 'Daily Telegraph,' ad dressed ' Mewstone,' and signed 'Sea Gull.' 'I shall see it, and will either write to you or reply to it in.the same way. Yours faithfully, Caroline Carew. P.S.-Oblige' me by forwarding the en closed under cover. This enclosed was a letter addressed to Mrs.. Winsfay, and still briefer than the last. " SDear Winstay,' it began,-' I am. in' Lonidon; have a; good appetite, and hope you won't worry yourself about me.' I hope you did not telegraph to Lady Mary. In.any case write .and tell her I am well. With love, C.rrie Carew.'' Her" letters' finished, she went out0 to post them hlerself. ' So ends this strange- and eventful history,' she said;' as she turned away from: the post office; ' now to face the new -life that is before me. CHAPTER XX. CHRISTMIAS EyVE;' St. Paul's looking like a large Twelvth Cake powdered over with sugar; though in this case it is snow; and the :public and private buildings around' givingan'idea of being so many younger cakes, .which had not had time yet to grow up to the same proportions as their magnificent brother, but, would be equally titilating to the palate for all that. Crowds of busy people are hurrying to and fro; their faces looking brighter and more cheerful than on ordinary occasions; for holly and mistletoe and..Christmar cheer are dancing before their mental vision, and the snow, the beautiful snow, is falling, not like a storm bringing'ill-will, cold; hunger, and death with it, but rather like some light feathery blossoms gently 'shaken upon the solid world 'and eager watching faces that throng the streets of 'the great city. By the river side the lamps flicker and gleam and shiver,' and Westminister Palace clock tower looks down with shining face from its elevated position like some captured moon or minature sun pitifully' counting out the heart beats which make-up tbe sum of each human life; of each Golden Bowl that must be broken to set the imprisoned earth-bound spirit free to wing its flight to the realms of eternal day. 'Waterloo. Bridge looks more gloomy this night than any other that crosses the Thames lower down than Lambeth. SThe toll' perhaps; the greater scarcity oflights; the stone recesses in which any one mad enough to do so, may sit such a night as this and take shelter; only one woman, however, is insane enough to do so, and she crouches down as though shq wvere asleep, and though many look at her as they pass by, it is the business of no one to come to her aid; she has paid her halfpenny to get on the bridge; she has a right to remain there, being quiet and not dis turbing the public peace, and thus the stream of life passes on, and the outcast and lonely one is left to her fate. What that fate is, if we watch her a little while, we shall see, Big Ben booms out eleven strokes upon the night air, and the woman on the stone sent rouses herself from her stupor. Very calmly' shie looks around; tihe number of foot passengers has decreased; for the moment.she is alone;" she stands up,.takes off her bat, which is black, trimmed with crape ; looks her last upoo the'river and lights, clock-tower and city, mounts the seat; the'n the parapet, and in anothermoment hassprang over just as a strong arm:is extended to seize her skirts. For a few seconds she hangs there suspended. The man who would save her calls loudly for help, and it seem:s long in coming, while he holds on with the tenacity of a bull-dog, resolved to be dragged over into the cold water himself rather than relax his hold. .But the clothing he grasps is not strong ceough to bear the weight suspended by it; strands and stitches give way, and by the time help reaches him the strain is over, there is a dull splash in the dark liver, and the man who would have saved the miserable creature holds in hIis hand Stwo widths of a black dress, violently torn from the rest of the garment, and in which is the pocket. No time is to be lost; the alarm by tlhe waterside is given, a boat is got out, and every effort made to rescue the woman bent upon self destruction. In vain l The cold, dairk, Powing rive has done its work. The tide is rushing out; eddying round the foundation of the arches of the bridge, carrying all it can reach and grasp away with it; and the woman's body, before a boat can reach the spot where she fell, is already some dozens of yards further down, on the way to sea. Very reluctantly they give, up the search ; .she must be dead ere now; and the snow, which during the evening had flitted and danced about as though in graceful or idle play, now comes down in large blinding flakes, promising to give not only a white Christmas morning, but to make the cold mantle many inches deep before he had it done. The man who tried to rescue the woman went with the policeman, who had arrived on the scene, and handed over the piece of the dress and the hat which he had found in the recess. ' As far as he could judge,' he said, 'the suicide was five feet four inches in height; had fair hair, 'light yellow or golden, he should say, for it was 'the gleam of the gas.light upon it that first attracted his attention to her.' And that was all. He had not heard her voice, or seen her face. There was nothing more to tell her story in case the body should not be found but the piece of dress and the pocket it contained. The first thing taken out of the pocket was a handkerchief of fine carimbric, marked in a corner of it ' C. Carew.' A purse was there, too, but there was no money in it, not one halfpenny, and surely such a purse as this was made to contain gold. On one side of the cover were the two letters, ' C. C.,' and inside was a gentleman's card, engraved on. it, 'Sir John Carew, Clovelly Court, Devon shire.' Could it be possible that the woman whose body was now drifting down the river could have any connection with thsese names ? Surely not. And yet the inspector remembered that a Miss Carew had left her home in Devonshire suddenly about a month or six weeks before. He remembered the name, also the name ot the solicitor who had came to Scotland Yard to cause inquiries to be made about her. The solicitor's name was Shrapnell, his offices in Old Jewry; but it was only an inquiry. The second' day a letter came, saying the'lady had been heard from. The fees were paid and the matter ended. All this Inspector Keys remembered. Not that he put the two together and de cided that the miserable lady and the woman who 'had thrown herself over the bridge were the same; still the coincidence of names was singular, and he resolved as soon as possible to communicate with the lawyer. Nothing of this intention was said to anyone, however. The man who had so gallantly rushed to the rescue of the woman gave his name and address in case he should be wanted at the inquest, then went home, perhaps to muse upon the uncertainty ot human life, or upon the misery and wickedness that could drive a reckless creature to throw away what she might never reicall. Meanwhile the body was swept' down among the barges that cold black snowy .night. It was well that sensation and feeling had left the once tender frame, for no gentle treatment did it meet with in its watery bed.. Up and down with The tide it tossed about for days; becoming so disfigured that'those who loved her best when living would not have been able to recognise the dead. .On New Year's morning, the body having 'caught in the anchor of :a ship moored in the river not far below London-bridge, it was discovered, brought ashore, and the coroner and jury hastly summoned to look at it. Nothing but the fair golden hair re mained unchanged, and only from the garments could anything like identifica-es. tion be hoped for. .During the past week, however, holiday time as it had been, anxious inquiries had been made, both in Devonshire and London, and Inspector Key-s had in his own mind come to the conclusion that Caroline Carew, of Clovelly Court, and the woman who had jumped over Water loo-bridge were one and the same; also that the young lady had shown signs of insanity, and had become quite mad before she flung away her own life. A very comfortable theory, particularly for Hilda Kempson. It accounted in some measure for Carrie's abrupt de parture from the Court, and her prolonged absence; it settled also the doubt as to her own legal claim to Clovelly. With Carrie dead, no word as to her legitimacy need be uttered ; she could lie in the family, vault with the rest of the Carews, that privilege need not be grudged her, and her cousin Hilda being her heir at-law'would thus succeed as a matter of course; 'and without question, to the family property. It seemed too good news to be true. Mr. Shrapnell came down to the Court and positively asserted his disbelief in the possibility of Carrie Carew committing such a wicket act as that of taking her own life. To the police authorities he protested that the woman's identity had not been proved; he went down to the low public house near Ratcliffe Highway to see the body when he received a telegram to say it had been discovered; but all in vain, he was alone, quite alone in his conviction, for the body was past identification, and the clothes still clinging to it, when washed and cleaned; were found to be marked legibly enough, 'Caroline Carew.' Nor was this all. One of the toll keepers on W'aterloo Bridge said he was not on duty on Christmas Eve, but he had several times noticed a young lady dressed in deep mourning pass over the bridge, and she always paused and looked down to the water, and he had been doubtful about her wanting to jump in to it more than once, and one day he had been curious enough to follow her home, and he found she lived at No-Stamford Street. A faint clue, indeed; but the detectives acted upon it, and here fresh confirmation awaited them. Miss Thompson was in a very bad temper when Inspector Keys called, end would have slammed the door in his face without much ceremony had he notbrought her to her senses by an intimation that he had heard of a theft in her house and meant to inquire into it, VWhereupon Miss Thompson became as polite as her mahogany-bued countenance and abrupt manners would permit, and professed herself willing to answer any questions. 'You have had a young lady living here during the last two months ?' ' I've had a good many. You may call them ladies or not as you like; but they're all gone now, and never will I have another pack like 'em again.' SA pack ot vulgar, swearing, regular bad 'uns, getting into a respectable house; said they was actresses and so they was in the ballet, went away, owed me a nionth's rent, and stole everything they could lay their hands on. I'd have set the police after 'em in no time, if it had been my things they stole. But some people is so soft. I'd hang 'em all; that's whit I would. And then that little beast, Sally, to go and leave me all of a sudden; the best servant I ever had, and I've all the work to do myself.' ' Why did she go ?' 'To get married,' with an expression-of disgust. ' Whatever girls want to get married for, I don't know. I've done without it, and I'm well enough, and my own missus, and can do what I like, which is more than a woman can say who's got a husband.' 'I'm sorry you object so much to mat-. rimony, Miss Thompson. I've tried it, and ;my dear fwife, who's gone to Heaven, made me so happy that I can't bear to be alone much longer. I don't want a young and flighty girl, you know, but a woman with some experience of the world ; however, it's no use talking; we'd, better get back to business,' with a sigh. 'Well, now, I don't know; I might think of i',' said.the woman with a won derful change and softening of counten ance and voice. 'Suppose you do,' was the reply ; but Inspector Keys felt he had gone rather too far, or .been taken too quickly at his word, and for the present it would be well. for him to be more careful. 'And now about this young lady,' he went on.: 'none of them you're speaking of 'could be her. She was tall; perhaps not quite as tall as you are, had yellow hair, blue eyes, and a pretty face. She was traced to this house, and couldn't have come here much before the first of November. Now do you know who I'm looking after.' 'The time answers, but the description fits a lot 1 know; yellow hair's all the fashion now-a-days, and women dyes it; and beauty's a matter of taste; but it can't be Miss Carey you're looking for. ' Miss Carey;-or Miss Carew; but look at this photograph; do you recognise it ?' 'Yes, it is Miss Carey; but what can she haire done ? Such a lady, too.' 'Ladies can die as well as common people. .I've found there ain't much difference when 'it comes to going out of the world. We're all pretty much on a level then.' " But when did she die? You quite knock me up.' 'When did she leave here, that's the question ? It may not-be her that is dead.' 'I huope not; I didn't see much of her, but I'd be sorry to know any harm had come to her. She was only two weeks no, three; she left on the last day of November. I've got it down in my rent book, and can show you.' 'And-where did she go when she left here ?' 'How should I know? My lodgers .pay their rent, and if they behave well I ask no questions. Miss Carey behaved handsome, but she never said anything about her affairs, and I don't know more of her than isou do.' 'Not as much, I'm beginning'to think. But did she seem poor ?' 'Pbor I Not she. I might have let her my best rooms if they'd been empty. Why, she'd eight trunks when she came here. She sold some of them before she went away; not for the money, I believe, but to lighten her luggage,and as it was the cabman growled what she did take was so heavy.'. . And how .many boxes did she take with her ?' 'I forget whether it was four or five.' 'She went away in a four-wheeler?' 'Yes.' ' You didn't notice the number of it ?' 'No; I wasn't surprised at her going. The best part of my house was let, and 'tisn't the'kind of place to suit her. She'd only one little back room. Why, she got thin just the time she was here. That's really all I know about her.' 'Did she talk or make friends with anybody in the house?' 'Nobody but Sally.' 'And who has Sally married, anid where shall I find her ?' ' She's married a man in the force. But what makes you think 'Miss Carew is dead?' 'A young woman like her jumped over Waterloo Bridge on Christmas Eve and was drowned. 'Rubbish I' with great scorn on the mahogany features. 'What is rubbish? The woman drowning herself ?' 'No ; thinking'twas Miss Carew. I'd as soon think I could go and do such a thing myself.' 'But the clothes of the woman were marked 'Caroline Carew,' which was the real name of your lodger.' ' That proves nothing ; ain't there more than one Carew in the world ?' 'But a card was found in her purse with her father's name, Sir John Carew, on it.' Couldn't a purse have been stolen ? I knew she was a real lady. She'd have no more taken away the life that Heaven had given her than I would.' 'Of course she must have been mad, and the verdict will be temporary in sanity.' 'Temporary fiddlesticks ! She was no more mad than you are; not half as much, perhaps. But there goes the bells all ringing, and nobody but me to answer them. When you come again I'll make up my mind. Take my word for it; that was no more Miss Carey that drownded herself than 'twas you or me.' 'It's odd how the people who knew her' won't believe it,' mused Inspector Keys, as he walked back to Scotland Yard. 'But they are wrong; they must be. The circumstantial evidence is complete, and any jury would hang a man upon it.' So thought thle jury whlo held an inquest on thie body thus taken from the Thames. They found Caroline Carew, only daughter of the late Sir John Carew, of Clovelly Court, in the county of Devon shire, committed suicide by junmiping into the Thames while in a state of temporary insanity. 'Poor girl; her father's death affected her mind,' was the general comment, and the body, in its leaden coffin, was taken down to Clovelly Court, to be carried from thence, withlout show or ostentation, to Wembury church. Though the poor girl was mad it could not be forgotten that she had taken her own life. CHAPTER XXI, IT is Sunday morning, half an hour before the time for service, and yet \Vembury Church is already crowded with the ex ception of the few pews belonging to some of the county families whio are sure to come and fill them, and fresh arrivals stand out in the churchyard, though it is the month of January, and in this warm corner of England snow has fallen heavily and is still on the ground. But still the numbers coming to the church increase, for it has been announced that the Reverend Shirley Monckton, the new rector, will preach the funeral sermon over Caroline Carew of Clovelly Court. The Carews have offered the country side plenty of excitement, gossip, pain, and wonderment during the last few months. SitJohn's death, though sudden, for so old a mati, was not wonderful until the belief that he was murdered flew about. Then caile Carrie's sudden and mys terious disappearance, which could not'be glossed over, though some efforts had been made to.pass it off as a matter of course, for Lady Mary Monckton -had beenr alarmed when Mrs. Winstay's tale gram reached her in the morning instead of on the night that it was sent, Ihad des patched servants andmecssengers in every direction, had telegraphed to. Clovelly Court and Luton Park, had made, indeed, as much fuss as it \was possible for any kind-hearted, well-initentioned old lady to make, and had even gone so far as to write a decidedly sharp letter to Sir Philip Walsingham, a letter which that young man was too prudent to answer. All this had come to pass, and now the climax had been reached. Carrie Carew was dead, and responsible or not before the judgment of earth or heaven, she had died a violent death, and so far her evil manners being written in brass and her virtues in water, all who had once known her were ready to come forward and listen to a repetition of the good they knew of her. .'How lov.lJyshe has been!' The woman whispered this, and thought, with a shudder, of what she was now, and the tales of horror that were told of the contents of that heavy leaden coffin that had taken its place among the dead Carews of Clovelly. ' How courteous, fearless and modest site was?' the men said to each other, and perhaps made mental comparisons between her and members of her sex more closely allied to themselves, but which they were wise and prudent enough to refrain from expressing, Ten minutes. before the rector and curate came into the church, Hilda Kempson drove up in the Clovelly carriage, which looled as though it had just come fresh from the carriage makers. She was dressed in the deepest of mourning, and her face was pale; partly with excitement that almost amounted to fear, and principally with powder, which she flattered herself would not be detected. ' She's mistress of Clovelly now, dang her !' said a man as he passed by into the church; 'a hard tisme we will have of it, them as is under her, but the wicked flourish like the green bay tree for a season only, you may seek them and find them not.' 'Hush, Nathaniel Penweather; how about the lease ?' whispered several more cautious neighbours around him. 'Oh, her's safe enough. The old baronite give that to I two days afore he died. 'I'm free to speak - my mind and dang it but I will.' At this moment Sir Philip Walsingham alighted from his brougham and walked. up to the church door, and as he did soa hiss rose, and sounded around him like the warning of so many deadly snakes. Whatever his other faults, physical cowardice was not one of the short comings of the young baronet, and he turned round fiercely, ready to do battle with any part or the whole of the throng. But as he did so there was silence ; no solitary individual had the courage to defy him. 'Did anyone speak to me ?' he asked. But there was no reply. And with a frown,on his brow, and a contraction and drawing down of the corners of his cynical looking mouth, he passed into the church, and walked with a defiant step and atti tude, but a guilty conscience, into his family pew. It was not often that Sir Philip attended church, and he was here to-day rather because of the comments that would be made at his absence, than from any desire to be present at the service. Cold, selfish, and calculating as he was by nature, making gold and worldly success and prosperity his idol, he had taken in driving Carrie Carew to the untimely fate she had so rashly sought. 'If I only had not kissed her and spoken to the old man that day I should not have cared,' he had muttered to himself a dozen times since Sir John's death, forgetting.tkat a woman does not weigh her love by words, and that her heart may have been as completely won before in formal language it was asked for, as after the clergyman-has pronounced the last irrevocable words, which are to bind them together through life. The service commences; the Monck tons, from Luton Park, are all there; Lady:Mary comes down from London and sits in the pew facing Sir Philip, her eyes fixed on his face with a glance that says, if she does not put the thought in words: 'You are her murderer.' 'He.is defiant at first, and returns her stare, but this cannot last long; the old woman is more than a match for him; his eyes fall under her condemning glance, and if it were not for (he scandal which such a step, at such a time too, would cause, he would have walked out of the sacred edifice before the sermon com menced. Once his eyes wandered towards Hilda Keempson, but hers were fixed upon her prayer- book, no grief stricken cousin who would benefit by the death they deplored could look her part better than she did now, and remembering certain words that had passed between them, he turned from the sight of her in disgust, preferring even old Lady Mary's glance of scorn and rebuke. But the sermon which the majority had come to hear was about to commence, and as the Rev. Shirley Monckton opened his bible to give out the text, there was a hushed, breathless awe in the crowd ol uplifted faces that met hIis eye. 'The Golden Bowl is broken !' That was a text; and though he was not provided even with notes for' his sermon, every word be uttered fell on the heart df his hearers like large refreshing drops of rain fell on the parched, thirsty earth. FRis similies were often homely, but his listeners understood him. 'There were many kinds ot bowls,' he said, ' wood, copper, china, silver, common earthenware, but this was a golden bowl, and it held the most precious thing on earth in it, a human and imnmortal life.' I amn not going to follow him in his discourse. The congregation held their breath as they listened to hinm. ' Hle did not personally know the preci ous lady whose death they had come to deplore,' hie said, 'but those he spoke to had been more favoured than be,' and he mrecounted more than one instance of her sympathy and personal kindness, which te brought tears to the eyes of many present, fl and even made his own voice falter. Of the manner of her death he said c nothing. b 'The golden bowl was broken; her e spirit had returned to Him who gave it ; a the golden bowl of each life before him d must one day also be broken, how and I when not one among tlem could say ; i but Ahe hoped they would leave the d memory of good deeds behind to be re- v membered like the perfume of sweet- a smelling flowers,.long after the blossoms c from Which they had sprung had withered and perished.' v Few eyes were dry in that church as n therector pronounced the benediction, and v although some people afterwards cavilled t at the sermon, saying it was not orthodox, that the bishop ought to be appealed to, t and various other things of the kind, the r people'walked out into the cold keen air, t feeling as though they had bean in a con tion of trance where the very strain upon a their nerves had been painful. H-ilda Kempson affected to be deeply agitated. More than once during 'the sermon she had sobbed aloud, but no one heeded, or came to console her. Sir t Philip Walsingham felt for a moment as though the ghost of his dead love forbade him to seek the side of the woman who had driven her to destruction, and no one else in that building would offer her a hand. She had been successful ; almost too successful; or, perhaps, her success had been too sudden, but people could not but remember that it was barely twelve months since Hilda had come to the Court a penniless widow dependant on the bounty and kindness of her uncle, and now uncle and cousin had both passed away, and both by violent deaths, to make room for her. The title of her success was at the flood. The wealth, power, and position -she coveted were hers: she had grasped them all; she had nothing to fear, no one to stand in her way or' question her conduct; and yet I two eyes, with glassy stare of death upon them, seemed to follow her everywhere. Would they never leave her? Was the blood on her soul to eat like ever-burning fire into her brain and send her. mad? As mad as Carrie must have been when she threw her life so recklessly away. The question brought no answer but a shudder. Unaided by a single friendly hand, without a solitary glance or sympathising smile, she walked'out to her carriage and was driven: back to the Court. But here, the curse of success was upon her. The servants though they obeyed her orders, shrank from her, and in her own'house surrounded by her own dependants, she was isolated and an outcast. For there were ghosts in the house, skeletons in the closets, and Milly Bray felt as though she should go mad if. she did not soon unburden her mind to someone whose judgment was more to be relied upon than her own, or get away' from the mansion that had now.become hateful to her. This, however, was by ho neans, easy, for hermistressscarcely spared her from her presence night or day, and she was more-. over supcenaed to appear at the "trial of Jacob Searle, which was to take place at the next Assizes. Poor Milly; more than once this miserable Sunday she had envied .Carrie Carew sleeping so calmly that endless sleep in the family vault on the hills yonder, had wished that she could change places'with her and be-at rest; fdr. what sorrows could death offer in comparison to the ordeal she will soon have to go through. CHAPTER XXII. 'IF you please, ma'dim, I want to give you a month's notice. ''I'm not strong enough for the' place, and I must leave your service,' said Milly Bray, nervously, as she stood before her mistress, carefully avoiding her keen eye, ' Not strong enough? You haven't much to do,' returned Hilda Kempson, regarding the girl 'suspiciously. 'But I haven't been well for some time, ma'am. I've had a great dealtto try me, and since Godfrey's death, and with this before me, I feel I want rest, so I'll go antd stay with my grandmother, and when this dreadful trial is over, if I'm alive and able, I'll go to Australia or New Zealand, or somewhere the other side of the world, and begin life afresh-that is, if I livelong' enough.' ' That's'all nonsense. If you wanti rest you shall have it, but I can't' spare you. I shall not let you leave my service;' told you that some time ago, and I mean it, so don't allude to the subject again. I will treble your wages, and one of the housemaids can be ordered to assist you, but you will not leave my service, Milly. ' Ift you please, ma'am, I shall be ill. I feel it coming upon me, and the air of the Court seems to choke me.' ' Nonsense I there isn't purer air in the world. You shall have a doctor. I don't wish to say anything sharp or unkind, but undir no circumstance will you leave my service, or if you do you will repent it to the day of your death.' And so saying Mrs. Kempson walked out of the room, leaving poor Milly to feel like a captive bound in invisible bonds. The events of the last three or four months had helped to crush Milly Bray's spirit, and -to subdue the temper which, 'under other circumstances, would I have made her no contemptible opponent to her mistress. If to ' have lived and loved' describes a world of bliss and happiness, what must be the uniutterable misery of those who have loved and lost ? Impossible to say, for joy and misery depend upon the capacity for enjoyment or suffering in each individual, and poor Milly, unhappy for herself, was not one of those dull, torpid natures, which never know what it is to mount into the highest heaven of delight, or- descend into the lowest depths of Hades with despair. No I she had gone through the whole gamut of happiness and pain. With God Irey Sloecombe's love she could envy no queen upon her throne, for no wonlan under Heaven, to her rapture.filled soul, seemed Ihalf as rich or marvellously blessed as she. And when this cup was dashed from her lips, just as she only begun to sip -its intoxicating nectar, she felt as though the sun of her life was gone out, as though a darkness deep and black enough to be telt had settled upon her life, and made her almost indifflidrent as to what might next befall. And during those months this mental darkness never quite left hier; it numbed her intellectual faculties, made her dull and stupid, while the one thought and feeling which grew upon her day by day ewas fear ol Hilda Keerpson, and a desire o get away from her presence and in. fluence and from the Court. The belief in witches, demons and compacts with the Father of Evil had not bcen routed out of Devonshire by all ihe enlightenmcnt of. the nineteenth century, and Milly Bray believed as firmly as she did :in her own existence that Hilda Kempson had sold her soul to Satan, and in part payment for the worthless commo dity lie had prospered her in all her wicked doings, given her Clovelly Court, and might still be prepared to make even'greater concessions on her behalf. Absurd as all this seems to us, it tras very real to Milly Bray. Only with the direct assistance of Satan, she was con. vinced, could Hilda have poisoned her uncle, throwh suspicicn of the crime upon poor Gdlfrey, driven Miss Carrie away so that she met with her death, and obtained undisputed possessiou of the mansion and the wealth she coveted. From such uncanny company Milly was anxious to separate herself, but there was a certain hopelessness in her mind about it all which made it no matter of surprise when Mrs. Kempson refused to let her go, and she was too helpless and too unnerved to make anything like a determined resistance. But the girl changed. Instead of being the most light- hearted, merry flirt to be met with for.miles round, she became silent, subdued; her laugh was never heard, a smile never crossed her lips, and the eyes that had. done such mischief to Jacob Searle, and had made such a deep impression upon Garston and Billy Staccey now forgot their power and magic, and refused even one answering glance to all the languishing looks directed to her, The rosy bloam faded from her cheeks, her figure lost its round, plump, elasticity, and though her beauty did not leave her it changed its character, giving her a re finement and gentleness which great suffering but too rarely fails to impart. In Mrs. Winstay the girl found a friend, but in her she could not wholly cunfide; once she was on the point of doing so, but the news of Godfrey Sloe combe's death had frozen up all her im pulses at the time, and after she in a measure recovered from the shock it was too late, her very interest in the matter seeming to have gone. She had indeed shrank back into herself; she complained to no one, and refused all sympathy and consolation. She had scarcely hoped to get free from HildJa Kempson, but she made the effort as we. have seen, and failed. Having failed, however, she resigned herself to circumstances ; she was not indeed possessed of energy or strength enough to rebel against the overwhelming force of circumstances, and so she drifted on, and the Exeter spring assizes were drawing neir, and she would have to attend them as Mrs. Searle said ' to swear Jacob's life away.' I am afraid Milly had very little com punction as far as Jacob Searle was con cerned; she forgot all about the way in which from sheer idleness and pique she had won Jacob's too fiery heart and raised his' uncontrollable passions ; she remem bered only his violence to herself and the fact that he had murdered her lover, the man who was to have been her husband. Exeter, Tuesday morning, and Nor. theny as well as Castle Street and the otlier' approaches to the castle' are crowded, for the Assizes are on, and Jacob Searle is to be brought up this day to be tried for murder. The doors of the castle or court.house were opened at nine o'clock, and such a rush was made by persons who had long before .that time assembled outside, that in a few minutes every corner of the place was crammed with a dense mass of people, while crowds were waiting outside in the vain hope of getting in. A true bill of wilful murder against Jacob Searle had been found by the grand jury, the judges were on the bench; the prisoner in the dock and the jury unchal lenged by the man standing there to be tried for his life were sworn in. Pasty, rather than pale in hue, was the prisoner's face, reminding one of a large lump of unbaked dough, or a yellow grey London fog. Sullen and silent as he had been from the moment of his arrest, he stood in the dock looking at the sea of laces, and in the countless eyes gazing up at him, his own countenance the most unmoved and apparently the most indifferent of any there. Only bne spot did his eyes hastily re treat from, and that was the gallery in which his mother sat, and if he shrank at all from the ordeal before him, it was rather on her account than his own. The indictment was read, charging Jacob Searle, 28. farmer, with the wilful murder of Godfrey. Sloecombe, on the High Cliffs, at Wembury, on the 14th of October, 18-, and the question asked, ' Guilty or Not Guilty ?' Silence in the court. The question is repeated, but the prisonr utters not a sound. He refuses to plead, and the judge orders that a plea of 'Not Guilty' shall be recorded for him. He has given no instructions as to his defence, and has turned a deaf ear to his mother's entreaties, and the unsolicited advice of friends, for in his own heart he believes nothing can save him, he has killed his rival, been caught in the act, and must pay the penalty. Even the use and necessity of a trial do not strike; it is only lengthening out his agony, protracting the inevitable, but not mitigating it in any way, for, as I have said, he had no hope, consequently no care, and would have been glad to go to sleep while they settled it all between them, and fixed the day of his death. One of the barristers engaged for the prosecution opened the case, and the first witness called was Joseph Spring, who said: * I am in the coast- guard service, and it's my beat to go from Conner's Cove to Kemp's Mill, which takes the High Clills on the way. I'd just met Job Luck, whose beat met mine, and was turning away from him, when we heard a report, and see the flash of a pistol on the highest part of the cliffs. We made our way towards the spot, and could make out, though the night was dark, the figure of a man holding another in his arms, like a baby laid across them, on the edge of the cliff and he thre'w him over into the sea before we could get up to him, and we was afraid to shoot for fear he'd fall or or jump over himself. But when be'd come back a step or two we laid handson him, and we found a pistol that had been discharged, and the next morning I found a gold watch with the name of Godfrey Sloecombe engraved inside it, just by the spot were the struggle. had taken place. We took the prisoner to Plymouth, an" left him with the police. I've said all this before the magistrate.' Printed and published by Thomas Datiotl, s5a proprietor, at tho eniog l'one 'out rlati 'g Offioe, Aubrbra-Btruit¢ oulb arn. 