ART, MUSIC, AND THE DRAMA. -4-'? " Report me and my cause might." HAMLET.'. Sydney art lovers, both public and professional, will not want for occupation during the next few weeks, In the first place, the long-talked-of exhibition of the Royal Anglo-Australian Society of Artists will be opened on Wednesday, the 18th instant, by his Excellency the Governor. A month later will come the annual exhibition of the Art Society of New South Wales, which promises to be of unusual interest this year. The inclement weather of the last few weeks has interfered very seriously with the labours of the members of the Art Society. ' While many of the artists have their work well on towards completion, others have been anxiously awaiting a fine, clear sky in order to continue their efforts. Despite the recent wet and dull weather, much good work has, nevertheless, been already done. The president of the society, Mr. Julian R. Ashton, has nearly finished a striking portrait of the Hon. Dan. O'Connor, also one of Mrs, Threlfall. He has, in addition, several landscapes in water-colour of Hawkesbury river economy. Mr. Lister Lister has a large landscape, in oils, a view on the Lane Cove River. Another picture by the same artist, also in oils, called " Showery Weather," is a coast view of a rough tea boating on a rocky point. Mr. Lister is sending, as well as the oils, several charm- ing, water-colours, Mr. Percy Spence's principal picture, alluded to in this column some time ago, is a stockrider and horse at the grave of a company, with a background of forest scenery. Those who note the excellent work done by this young artist last year will look forward with keen interest to his sow picture. Mr. Godfrey Rivers has painted for the forthcoming exhibition of the Art Society an interior of a woolshed with the shearers at work. Mr. Rivers has another fine work, in which he depicts a little child who is lost in the bush. Mr, A. J. Daplyn has also been to the bush for his chief subjects this year. In his first picture he gives us two old companions, sitting outside a tent, one of them laughing heartily at a funny story told by the other. In another picture Mr. Daplyn shows an old miner who sits reading, at the entrance to his tent, with his faithful dog; at his feet Mr. Lionel J, Cowen, who has already completed a portrait of Mr. Dion Boucicault, jun., and one of the secretary of the Montefiore Jewish Homo, is busy with an important figure subject. Mr. Arthur Collingridge's most ambitious picture this year will be a scene taken at Circular Quay on the arrival of a mail steamer. Mr. Charles H. Hart has not yet finished his portrait of Sir John Robertson, as he is at present hard at work on a large picture which is to be called " A Lover's Patting." Although the wet weather has retarded the efforts of the artists in respect of next month's exhibition, it did not prevent an evening of good fellowship On Saturday last, when the fourth anniversary of the Art Society Sketch Club was celebrated. The members dined together and after wards adjourned to the Art Society's rooms, in Pitt street, where the sketches for the month wore on view. Songs and recitations were given, and a pleasant and profitable evening was spent. Some remarks made at the 10th annual meeting of the Art Society, held on Wednesday last, are worthy of note. In alluding to the art union which is held in connection with the annual exhibition, Mr. E. U Montefiore, the president of the National Gallery of New South Wales, expressed a hope that the time would com- when the art union could be dispensed with. There are few people who will not agree with the views of Mr. Montefiore on this subject, with the exception, of course, of the speculative individuals who will ever be found ready to in vest a guinea on the chance of obtaining a picture worth fifty times that amount of money. And all praise to those whosoinrest! They certainly help the artists to live. But it is not to be contended that art unions are compatible with the dignity of art. The artists themselves readily admit this, the while they urge that this form of the disposal of their pictures is at present necessary in this city. But the day may not be far distant when it will be possible to abolish the art union and still to sell the pictures at a good profit. Art is taking rapid strides in this country, and, all things considered, our artists have not much to grumble at, Besides, they might profit by the example of their English brethren. English painters send their pictures for sale here. Why should not we send some of out works to England ? There is an Anglo- Australian Society of Artists which, seemingly, can be worked with profit. Why- not an Australian-Anglo association ? Good pictures by Australian artists, which cannot be disposed of in the colonies to advantage, might surely be sold in London. The artists of New South Wales and Victoria might, at any rate, consider this point. The fact that vocal performances are commonly far more loudly applauded than instrumental ones, is generally recognised. The cause of, however, is but little understood. It cannot be that vocal music is really of itself and of necessity, superior to instrumental, for the compositions of the latter class that are commonly performed at ordinary concerts are, for the most part, works of the great masters in musical art, while the vocal selections are too often of a comparatively trivial order. As a matter of fact, instrumental music is the only music, abstract and proper, while song is a compound of two things - music, pits language. There are, and doubtless always will be, some to whom abstract music is meaningless. No matter how much they may enjoy the beauty of sound of which it is composed, they do not really appreciate it, and ever again to know, " What does it mean or toll ?" Such persons hood the added element of speech to give point and sense to the tonal art with which it is conjoined in vocal music, and not until the two a'o time com- pounded does music become (to them) intelligible and comprehensible. To them it is only vocal music that is roll, while abstract music ever remains an unreality, though, of course, delightful and charming. Song, therefore, has a double chance of success, since its verbal text may touch many to whom its real music is a' dead letter. This fact may help us to understand why it is that instrumental musicians frequently have to content themselves with their own conscientious approbation or with that of the comparatively discriminating few, while vocal performances are so often applauded beyond even their artistic deserts. Mr. Sims Reeves has recently been " inter- viewed." To his interrogator he is reported to have said some things of general interest, though they have been said often enough before by others whose names (or " anonymity," as in the case of such as journalists) carry perhaps less weight, even though their utterances be equally true. Among his remarks to a Cardiff interviewer, he is reported to have delivered himself of sundry expressions anent present-day tenon, some of which are particularly pertinent In referring to the modern deterioration of voice and style, he attaches a great deal of blame to the. high note " craze. The public like a top note, The singers, therefore, aim at it, and give It " irrespective of art," neglecting the morrow medium notes, " which, after all, or the voice propor." But apart from any particular detail, he considers that there is a very general decadence in vocal art, especially as regards tenors, and that much may be ascribed to lack of training. He tells how, when he was young, the vocal aspirant had to go through a long and arduous course of training, which concerned not alone the voice itself but the general cultivation of musical taste. Nowadays, however, only the briefest possible time is spent in preliminary study. Young tenor, go on the boards " because they have a pleasing voice," having taken no care to acquire the right method of production, and having no thought of how the voice should be developed, nor how it can be made to last a reasonable number of years. Those considerations should strike home to many of us in those colonies who have noticed the early age at which voices become mere " wrecks " of what once they were. They should be taken to heart, too, by certain amateurs who possess good natural organs, which may be rendered really valuable if only the right course and the proper amount of study and practice be undertaken. It is not alone vocalists who endeavour to shirk preliminary training, and enter upon a public career before they are fully qualified. Sir Charles Halle tells how he spent year after year in close and continual study before he even began to think himself fitted for public performance. Beethoven's Sonatas alone occupied him several years, each one being taken separately and never passed over until every passage and every detail had been thoroughly mastered and committed to memory. Even after his many admirers took to urging him to give the public opportunities of hearing his remarkable executive proficiency he still hold back for two or three or more years, pursuing unceasingly the rigid course of' work he had mapped out for I himself. In good time he reaped a well-earned reward for his conscientious preparation of himself, for from the day of his first appearance in public, in 1841, he has been a man of prominent note, and has continued through all these 10 years to hold a high place in the records of art " I wish," said Sir Charles in Melbourne a short time ago, " young people nowadays would be content to follow the same plan ; but I noticed that as soon as they fancy they can do anything well they won't 1 wait to perfect themselves, but immediately rush before the public His wish, surely, will be echoed by many among us. . . ... An interesting essay might be written on the hill of the play." From the ancient times over three centuries ago when it was the practice in England to have only one kind of theatrical programme, a blaok-lotterod document pasted on the various posts in the town, down to the present year of grace, there has been no such thing as uniformity in the play-bill It is of all sizes and shapes, of various kinds of paper and type, made a dainty as possible, again cumbersome and dirty. On first nights especially it comes " damp from the press" to the detriment of hands and gloves. Whatever diversity of opinion exists among the managers in other respects, they are all apparently agreed on that head. Sydney is no exception to the rule, although in the dross-ciroloatloast we have now a programme which consists of four more pages, which are chiefly devoted to the case of performers and synopsis of scenery. The programme in which the matter most desired by theatre-goers lies buried amid a heap of advertisements, is doubtless profitable to the manager if it is not a pleasure to any- one else. But, pray, good gentlemen, let us have them dry. Another subject for comment may be found in the drop curtain of the Theatre Royal which, it may be remembered, was specially painted by Mr. John Brunton for the last pantomime at that house. The subject was " Aladdin," and the curtain appropriately represented a Chinese scene. With the conclusion of the pantomime, however, the our.ain-fulflUo.nt8 avowed purpose Yet there it has remained through drama, comedy, melodrama, comic opera, and all. I am glad, however, to be able to announce that Mr. George Musgrove had commissioned his Scenic artist, Mr. George Gordon, to paint a new act drop, which may be expected at the Theatre Royal in the course of a few weeks. By a curious coincidence, a once celebrated actor is closely allied with two forthcoming productions in Sydney. The plays are "Boccaccio," which is to be brought out at the Theatre Royal when " Paul Jones' has concluded its) present successful run there, and "The Corsican Brothers," which Mr. George Rignold will shortly revive at Her Majesty's Theatre. The actor is Charles Albert Feohtor, who was born in London in 1822, his father being a German, his mother an Englishwoman, and who died at Richlands Centre, near Quakortown, Pa., in the United States of America, on August 5, 1876. But how, it may be asked, is Feohtor connected with " Boccaccio " which did not see the light until March 29, 1882, at the Folios-Draniatiqnos, Paris ? Fechter, it may be replied, received his early education for the stage in Paris , where, at the Theatre du Vaudeville, in 1853, he played the principal part in a five-act vaudeville, "Boooace ; you, To Decameron." This piece had no less than four authors M. Bayard, Brunswick, do Lsuven, and do Beauplan, On " Boccace " a German author. A. M, Genoe, founded the comic opera for which Franz von Suppe composed the music " Boccaccio " was then successfully brought out at Brussels. It was immediately translated for Paris, but the manager of the Folios-Dramatiquos, not consider- ing the translation sufficiently good, commissioned two well- known writers, MM. Oliver and Dura, to write the libretto, which, in turn, was adapted for the English stage by Messrs. H, B. Farnie and Robert Reece. This is the version which will be given in Sydney. Fechtor'a connection with " The Corsican Brothers" is closer than with "Boccaccio." "Les Freres Courses," by the late Alexandre Dumas, was first acted at the Theatre Historique,' Paris, on August 10, 1850. Feohter, a noted Hamlet and Othello, was the original of Louis and Fabien del Franchi, the twin brothers. " The Corsican" Brothers " is mainly identified in London with the revivals of Charles Kean and Henry Irving, although Foster played in it there on occasion. The version used by Keen and Irving was made by the prolific Dion Boucicault Kean produced it on February 21, 1852 at the Princess's Theatre, where it ran altogether, nearly two hundred and fifty times. Irving brought out this strangely fascinating and romantic play on September 18, 1880. The drama was magnificently mounted at the Lyceum, where it was performed for one hundred and ninety times. Australians who remember G. V. Brooke will be into tested to know that a literal version of "Los Fri as Horses'' was presented at Drury Lane in 1855 with Brooks in the dual role. There is a wealth of material that could be related in regard to " The Corsican Brothers." But, for the moment, it is sufficient to note how the name of Fechter is alfred both with " Boccaccio" and "The Corsican Brothers," I wonder how Mr. Rignold, who will play Louis and Fabien, will manage the ghost. As for that well-known and eminently Coreepy" composition of Stoefel's, the "ghost melody," no manager would have the temerity to dispense with is harrowing to the feelings though it b2 TKIUMVIB. 