Recipes. POOR MAN'S GINGER SNAPS. Molasses, one cop ; batter, two tablespcon- fuls; ginger, one trblespoonful ; sods, one tablespoonfal ; floor enoagh to rull oat tbia. Boil the treads and etir in tbe butter, ginger and soda rolled fine, and stir in the flour while hot ; roll thin, cut and bake. DROPPED BISCUIT. E'en housewives the most thrifty unawares At times are taken, when the varied cares Of life' upon their souls as heavy sit As did the ghosts on Biohard's. Then moat fit Foi all who care their troubled state to cbcer, And change to joennd smiles the starting tear. A stranger unexpectedly may come When literally there ie not a crumb Prepared to eat. Tben it ie well to know A recipe like thU I give below. Tako one pint floor, (and salt do not forget.) With teaspoon baking- powder, dry, not wet, Mixed well within the floor. And then yon take A ieaspoonfnl besides of lard. And make Your dough, with milk administered, to be 0! mush good musb), the eame consistency; Then drop small quaotiiiee) into the paD, And have your oven just -the heat (yon can) To make the biscuit crisp. Try it, pray do ! And you will Bay, I know, " One thanks 'to yon." DRIED APPLE DUMPLINGS. One pint of dried apples, cut, one-half pint ot sweet milk, two teaapoonfols of bak ing powder and one tablespoonfnl of hotter or laid. Use flour sufficient to make into small biscuits, and drop ioto boiling water and boil quickly till the apples are done. Cat tbe apples into small bits with scissors, Bnd soak in warm water before mating. Eat with cream. sauce flavored with nutmeg. CHICKEN PIE. Single and parboil a pur o! chickens, ont them opaad cook till quite tender. . Uncover when neatly done and. let the water boil away till reduced one-Half. Line a large, deep pan with biscnit - dongh made very short and rolled about an inch thick, and pot in jlhe chicken cat info finer pieces, with halter, salt, pepper.-a dredging ot flour, and their own gravy. . Cover and bake till ths upper cruet ia Hrowth Serve with mashed potato. IRISH STEW. . Cnt itwo pounds of tbe neck of -mutton intoem all pieoeB, pat it into a kettle with one dnion ffiioed and a bunch of pot herbs nicely dressed. Simmer gently for one hour, then add Iwd-tableepobntols of rlbe.eimmer ten minutes, add two potatoes .cot Into died,, and while they are oookiag Jon minntee longer, meke yonidnmplinge. Pat a pint of floor' into abowl,'add a teafpGonful of celt and a Heaping teaepoonfol of baking jqovtfler, moisten this with about a gill of milk ; tbe dough innst '.be soft. Form it lightly into balls, dry them on top of the stew. oover ihe kettle. boil ten minutes, season and serve. LIGHT DOUGH DUMPLINGS. Make very light bread-dough into small jballs the Mae of «gga Have ready a potof water, boHing fast. Drop in the dutnplingg, iatijCMB'to hate the wster more than covet ibem; Cater Hn pot nnd diotl for teteniy hiinntesTBteadily, without lifting tbe cover, ifjt-mopShoilingtoraiDoment.tijednmp- lings will be heavy. Serve hot with butter and sugar for dessert. 