A Key West Alarm. I was a little child when ray mother and I left New York in a email brigauline to seek a climate suited to an invalid. Although nearly half a century ago, I remember perfectly the exquisitely lovely scene as we sailed into Key West on a bright November morning. The wide beach we one glitter rf white, sparkling cauu, auu an uaiu us ueauu utu uu, eugnu uu cue Huwrc* ward Hide with a riotous growth of wild geranium and periwinkle; the pink tlo8?oms of the latter, with the sly little white eye in the centre, being almost aa many as ?were the glossy greea leaves -and they grew every where, on the beach, by (be roadtide— everywhere in the' bright sunshine, rigfct up out of the dry. white sand they sprang, sturdy and saucy as possible. The low- built houses were all white, and all the .fences were white, while the yards between glowed with colour. There were, most beautiful and gorgesn* of all, a great number of ponciana busbes, with their large racenias of f caret and gold, and high above all waved and rippled the long, graceful plumes of the cocoa-nut trees. There were no sombre browns— no sober russets and greys— it was all one glitter and shine of white and of vivid colour, with the sea all around it. On the southern shore the great bluo waves of the gulf beat with mighty thunders, and on tho inner fide of the island where the water shoaled it Mas a bright green. The business part oi the little town wee huddled in a confusion of wharfs, warehouses, counting-bouse?, turtle-crawls, and littlo shops where you cou d buy wonderful things in the way of Spanish confectionery, foreign wares and fruits then utterly unknown to our Northern markets — all these were brought either from ' the Havana' or from the Bahamas inhiaall sloops called BDiacks. Very few people, in tbe great world, knew anything of Key West then, and 1 very well remember the grand air, quite a - air and feelinp: of proprietorship, with which I used to talk of 'Key West '—always explain ing that ' the name was a corruption of the original Spanish name, Cayo Hueso, which meant Done Key ' .. — &c.; It was in the winter of '35-30, and -he Seminole war was going od. Shortly before J)ade and hie command had gone from Key West to meet a feirful death in the Everglades. The news of the massacre had come with a shock to every heart, and there seemed to be a general feeling that the island would be the next point of attack ; it was entirely defenceless, the naval force having been withdrawn, and tho soldiers' barratka stood deserted on the beach a mile away from the ' town. '? . . ' ' Everybody went to bed at night with tho feeling that the Semmole war-whoop might wake them before morning; all tbo white men .were organised into' a guard, 'the principal gentlemen being officers ; they were woll armed, and a strong patrol kept watch every night. For several weeks there were no alarms ; but at last one night it c -me— the signal that in some way er other was connected with the coming of Indians or the rising of the negro slaves. It was about 'I o'clock waon one of the gentlemen on duty as patrol tapped on the window of tho Custom house, saying, ' Whitehead, get up at once ! they've come! The signal drum is beating at the barracks ! ' Mr. 'Whitehead was soon ready and armed, and joined almost immediately by several others; the gentlemen as quickly and as silently as possible in spected all the negro cabins. They found every negro in his place and sound asleep. Meanwhile the tap, tap of a muffled dram was distinctly heard— and in the direction of the barracks; it seemed unnecessary to send a party to reconnoitre, f er the enemy was there, within a mile of them, and probably in such force as to make resistance unavailing. But certainty was better than suspense, and at last a party started. Silently, almost breathlessly and with sinking bearts, those men stole on through the glorious tropical moon light like shadows or ghosts, knowing that every bush or tree might be an ambush, and that any moment might bring to their shrinking ears the infernal whoop telling them that home, wife, and children were in the handeof those who knew no mercy — and even as they . neared tho barracks the sound of the muffled drum grew louder, each stroke fulling on their hearts. Approaching tbe open space in front of the barracks they halted, in the edgeofihe low woods. Holding their breath lest 'even that should betray them, they peered ' through the thick loafage. . Nothing to be- seen but the great old barracks with ita broad galleries. .Everything was still as- the death thoy feared— nothing but the low wash of the water on the beach a few roods away— that, ? and the tap of tbe drum. At last one gentleman stepped noiselessly ant into die clear space— then a few steps farther— then with a seemingly spasmodic movement and with a shriek of nervous laughter helifted his hand and pointed towards' the enemy. Astounded by the extreme peculiarity of his manner, his comrades sprang to his Fide and beheld the Seminole invasion— signal dram, war whoop, paint, feathers,, scalping;- knives, and the rest of it— in the person of a superannuated white dog seated on the roof of an empty cistern, and from time to time beating upon it with his tail. The perfect clearness of the atmosphere had carried the eound a long distance. Vt hat became of tho guilty dog I have forgotten; but the story was a good one for many a merry dinner and supper party for long years after. Perhaps I ought to say that in Key Weel the cisterns are built on top of the ground and covered with a carefallylaid platform ; of course, being quite empty, - the resonance would be very great. — H. P. Hvse, in Wide Awake. 