In a Monster's Jaws. Stirring Adventures with Lions in tho Hottheltot Coitutry. The Wonderful Strength of the Iting of Beasts-Sensations of a Man Who WVas Carried H?alf a Mile Betwcon the Teeth of a Hugo Brute. -14*-*---- While trapping lions in the Ieottentot country for the Hamburg animal house I had opportunitics for seeing the king of iFists at Ihis best and for making close ob. servations of his trails of character, writes a correspondent. We were once camped inl a grove on the bank of a creek, our party numbering over thirty people. The bankon the other side was rocky groundl, pretty thickly covered witlh scrui, aind right onil the brink stood one of the larg?st lions I ever saw. Ile was out in full view, head and tail up, and stood so still for a monmtnt tha.t I doubted if lie was alive. We haId a new milch cow tied to the wheel of one of the waggons, and the lion ndvanced to within thirty feet of her and then made a spring which lalned him fairly upon her back. She fell in a heap, and lhe seized her by the neck, gave her two or three shakes, whlich broke the grass rope arou ..l herhead, andl then he gst his right shoulder under her and started elf. The cow weighed at least live hundred pounds, but lie carried her with perfect ease, her hind feet dragging on tihe grouund. . At the creek Le made a jump of eleven feet, ascended a sloping bank without a halt, ill so00o11 disappeared in the broken ground with hiis prey. Ite was gone before we had a gut ready. About follr inonths later, on the Orange River, I hil a close call for mly life, with no one at hand to aid ei ly distracting tihe at a tenion ,of the lien. I had only one white mann with me, and ic was ill of fever. We hald tuga pit oin a path fiell:ented by lions coming down to drink, built w-cre tcih annoy-e-f by other animals falling il,to it. (.Il the first night, :fter the natives had driven several iirels airials :ic ;away, a large lion anrl lionless camie down the Iliath. When irslt tiicovercd the lioin w0as :aheadl, but he Sot the scenlt of lily llen, wiho swoere stationied in a tree, and stopped short to graul and snilf, while the lioesCs, who was perhaps very thirsty, advanced slowly and went down inllt?the pit. The liit was two milCs fro our camp, and we heard nothing of the row which took place iwhli tihe lion discovered the trick played cu his mate. lie tore around like madl, and then lay down at the foot of the lreaindl ibesieged thie mnei. As soon as it was daylight L left camnp n hlorseback to ride ever and see histit luck. C rode straight f-,r thlle lace, and whenll wltiin forty rods caliled to tie men. Thllcy answered at once, aln though 1 could not makert out hbat they said I kneew they were excited over siollmtlling. I was ridlinig around a clump of trees on to alu opllen spalce, when my horse nedidelnly started. Sext instant I wason tie grmlnd andi the lion stauding over me. and I co uld hear tile horse tearing away through the Erii:) ike iimad. The lion had pulled ins doiwn. tearing the back out of iry coal, vest, and shirt, but nit- diawing blood wilh hins claws. :As in. the previous case, I was not fright encid, because it had occurred so suddenly that I l:ai nott imire to iuse lmy nerve. I was lon my left side, larehetllcdl , and the lionl st?!,d fr ait llmomet eitlh his paw on illy righlt. llouiiur looking after the hoise. The niativcs saw tile leeing horse, llknew very iwell vwhat hbad ihappenedi to Ime anld at ohi1'.e ldeseiiedcll the tlle aid r:iladte for camlip, I did not llamie Lil'ire, :air-i lcrhalis that very acio saved t:tlmy life. I had Ltime to collcet rnly thouglts ill that silngle niintde, andl, lne had r1utel one lion by barking like a do--, I deccided to fuilow tlhe:amo planisi in this ease. IBut, a1 I said at sue begi:oiing. liolns are as unlike as meiln. At rl1y first L?atk this fellow growled savage!y and gave Zile a terrible bite in the hip. iadi I cried out at tihat or nimade any strucgl lie hic woall lave tiiishedli inc at . 1ece. I repr:sed my m felieigs and Iplayed. 7 :iLet. I hal a rireiverstraipe to imy back, Sbut it idwould not do to re1ach for it. After biting i :,i the lieon watheid andi waited for y ci-lis of life, and whlsnll e could detect micre I he sei:ed lily light shloul.ler in his teetih, r ; ave o su.,l:e and: a twi:t, an:i nlet I -moinet i was beiinrg surried off ionl is bach. Sf7s lheath did not ; ,.isuc lny IA, sli, and as I 3 ly aili.st acro,:s icin onl my rsile my iiand ,-'ckth.e mlutt of the revolver. I had it i, out l.f il hile ill a seiin, nlc l then I S "Iit f hla a shit. Whethler the beast felt Sally moveillnt or 1 obt lhe grow;ied at in 1 tera!ls, an- Ilis breath e:ise b:hok oil rme so i sjitr,.l t hait I w·er Isa!is-sated. I intendied to a fire ilnto Iin1 asn he carried ore along, but ihe saas swayivgalbout so that 1 daredl riot risk After carrying"liy ilce halfa-mnil throiugh the I iatcruoll i oan (-er brokevn ground the lion halted ie. il-te liead- of the lavisie, i wlhich ihe a doubtless had lis lair. .Le turned about as Sif to see iif purs?uit had Ieen made, and the a utlz!e of tle pistol cam: llleahist his left Ship. I lired t, olnce, andl tlhe next instant r walls liung in a ihelp o the clart, while the lion uttered a scrutln of palil. I was on my iknes in a flash, but the bIast was ten feet p away, gaing lround ill circles and biting at [ the iwoundl. le did notr notice mle in the least, andi I ient another bullet in him just r back of the slhoulidr. Ie uttered another S Ocreain, and insteadl of rushing at mne, as I fully expected, made a leap, into the ravine, and I coual ihear him rurnning for scrle dis tance. I ewas baudly shlaken up, but I lost no time in getting out of the neighborhood, anl i in the course ot anl hour reached camp. L Ideariy everyboody was out looking for mile. ,See now how inconsistently that lion acted. I, Ile coame out into tile open ground and cihargedi the party of over twenty men, al though they had not disturbed hin. Ile had Srun irror In irn his sur-prise, and now felt asiihaned of himself. he knocked over a native as lie charged, but wao riddled with bullets, and gave up the ghost. 