NADJA; on, 1 Battle With Death. A Love Story Founded on the Mys teries of Theosophy and T'ransmigration. ljy -t E1R)EIrW' M. JE?1, Aet/i:;,r yJ ",Nauria: r,; lReublen Cyeswcesr 's:.:westl.arr AlFlitcrt." CICAPTEIR I. TI[O?F. Eytc or O7F I: OSG Fine. The story whict IC m about to relate is so filled with mystery, so replete with those things which the world calls impossibilities, that I can often find myself wcndcring if it can be true. Can it be that 1 have dreamed it all, and by reason of its constant associa tion with facts, have thus taught myself to believe it! No, no! 1By my side sits Nadja, and from her lips come the repeated a.sur ance that it has been no dream. In the wondrous depth of her miduight eyes I see that all has been reality. L know that I now dwell in the perfect bliss of her love, and that I have only obtained it by arising, Phcenix h!e, from th3 ashes of the blighting, contumting fire which scarred me, body and soul, beyond recognition. I can hear now the hiseing of the flame, and can yet feel the ecorching, withering heat that shot out from the woman with the burning eyes, her _Nemesis and mine. "No, no ! It his heen no dream. It was all too horrible, too terrible, too real! I have lived it through; I have borne the tests; I have fought the dread battle with dark mystery for a foe, and I have been vie torioue. From out the maze of smoke and-heat, the terror of the dresd duel to the death, where in the woman-fiend was so often. for a time, the victor, I hato issued unsoathed ; and as I look back upon that strange chapter of my life,aod bring to mind the wonderful power of my stladfc·t friend, who so magically pene trated the mysteries that would ottherwise have engulfedl me, as I recall the almost im possible achicvements of his occultism, his knowledge Of the black arts of Ilindco lore, I start yet again with wonder and slarm,and it is not till I eel tier arms twinting around my neck, until her warm, red lips are pres sing mine, thlt I am am sured thlat I do not leep, that I heve not been dreaming, that I may not Eoon open my ryes to finr that Iam still alone in mcy studioi, in the fading light of day, unloved, sad, and witlh passing houra beLCeiing mere and more a confirmed dreamer. luet I wiil till the eory in detail; I will unfold it. page by p'orCe. ii:cident by inci dent : and pei!taps tl!e rrcital, the careful re Ir p?,srt, may be'p to drtive away the fancies which the terror eend the horror of it all have eo firmly impressed upon me. I lat alone in my ettluic j'et as day was merging into n;glht-alone with the ghosts which my fancy wrought upon each half. finiehid canvse, as the eddying light of that yinig clday became with each moment more and mote eabrthed in shadow. I was rapidly brceaming a victim of nelaucholia ; my gaiety had turned, during the pact few monlths, into moroeeness, my hig;h spirits into bitter dissaoetifation and petulance. The day, which was just drawing to a close, had bsen one of bitter disappointment to e. lfor I had seen the honor which my ability h:ad rightfully won deliberately awarded to another. Outwardly I remained cole, bue upon returning to my studio I had threet tmy hand and arm througlh the canvas upon which my greatest effort had been growine, day by day for weebs. I had ruined the lainting tffaetually, and then, with a erin of eatrcfaction. I had lithted my pipe and throwan muyseif into tho e lounging chair belfoe the window. where I sat watching the aseet tints and bitterly wondering if those eame eouonoiselers who had condemned me would not abol have passed by these golden cloods with which Nature's brush had es grandly decorated the she. As ! watched tihe gorgeoue coloring, the strip of gold-hnled cloud, I became imbued with the idea that Fate had placed it there as a promise for my future; but I laughed aloud, ironica!ly, at the thought, while I muttered savagely: "Aihbough it is gold now, should I but touch it, it would turn to brass on the inrtant." Still I could not drive away the thought; it was plersent to dream upon, and so 1 allawed my fancy to build its castles in the air. Suddenly there was a ehar rap upon the panel of my door. It came so unexpectedly and broke in to rudely upon my dreaming that I lted leaped to my feet before I realised the nature of the alarm, For a menOvett I thought that I would make no respense. I was not in the mood !o entertain, and still less to tear the pity ing condolences of some artiet friend, who bead irebbly called for the purpoen of mourenig with me over my defeat. As I stood in the centle of the floor, undecided whether to adcmit my caller or not, the rap aees repeated, and Ilb. r!arm was so much loader than thcprrc.c i., one had been, that I ihr-iated no longer, but stepped quickly I flrwatd and threw open the door. , Witr a loud cry I sta-gored back, and f stood tairing effightedly into the laeck dartnees of the corridor, for there, before me, were two balis of living fire, glowing, s?ariling. l.urniog. They blazed upon me fro thie darnesre, as thoughl sqmo wild bheat .f !the icsgle were crotehiceg there, ready to spitig npen and devour t-e. In deed, that was tho first ean-otion of Which I waes anseC;ouc, nod the next one ccme Ohn a vciee-a woman'o voice-addreseed ma: "Ies thibs thie studio of Mr. Coangdan ?" l It it" I epl:ied, in a loe tolac, not yet laccg rreenr, d my wite, and menetally ed inemy rcn 'oiy ancd stupidity. " ill nne sRc ldk in ' " " l OIe ertle -a tall figere hbited entircl7 in black-and I could not help shuddering as she drew near to me, just as though her very preseenoe had brughlt a dread with it -a premonition of coming evil. I hurriedly lighted the gas, feeling that the darkness was the causs of my fnneics, and then turned to offer my visitor a chair. But again I started violently, for the face that I saw before me was so strange, so un natural in its deathlike lividness. Hler complexion, though dark almost to swarthi necs, had. absorbed a pallor which reminded ne of a sheet of parchment buried for ages in some forgotten tomb, only to be at last ex humed, yellowed by a thousand years of time. The coloring of her face was as nothing, however, and I would have epeedily for gotten it had not her jetty hair set it off so strangely, so vividly. But when my glance met hers-when I looked into her eyes I stood appalled. They literally burned, and with a lire so intense that I involuntarily put up my hands, as though to bar out the heat that must be emitted from them. I .s repelled yet fascinated. I longed to ily from the blazing fury which seemed ever ready to dart out upon me, and yet I felt irresistibly drawn nearer and nearer. I was terror stricken, yet charmed, I did not speak-I could not. The room grow suddenly hot and stifling, my breath came with difficulty, and I had the feeling that my senses were in some ut'acconntable manner being stolen from me. Summoning all my energies with one mighty effort, I turned to the window and drew down the curtain. The diversion re lieved me, the oppressive eensations were goneo, so that when I again faced my guest I believed that my imagination had played me a trick, for the fire had died out of her strange, dark eyes, leaving them dim and almost expree sionless, while around the corners of her mouth there played a peculiar emile, as though in the brief interval during which she had been with me somo query that had been upon her mind was effectively an swered I was impresred with the idea that, however she might state the object of her call,there was some hidden intent behind it,of which I was to become an unsuspecting, perhaps unconscioae:viotim. I felt a strange, sudden chill steal over me-that shiver which children say is caused by the ant of osomebody in stepping upon one'e future grave. "Mr. Congdon," she said," I have come here upon the recommendation of one of your artiet friends, a Mr. Jules Delorme." "Ah 1" I replied, abruptly, for I suddenly remembered that as I was leaving the Academy that afternoon Jules had thrust a bit of folded paper into my hand, which I, in turn, had consigned to my pocket without reading, being too much eccupied by the bitterness of my own thoughts to think of it again. In all probability it referred to this call, and I wished that I had read it. How ever, I could do Eo as soon as I should be again alone. "I want you to paint a pottrait for me," Eie continued, Einking into the easy-chair against which my pipe was still leaning " the portrait of one who is so beautiful that you have but to sueoeed in making a perfect picture to become at once famous." I bowed in reply, for I dared not speak; my heart was bounding with too much exul tation. It was the very opportunity for which I had longed. " You will have but little time in which to accomplish the tnsk set for you," she went on in a low monotone which seemed peculiar to her; " three days at the most." " Impossible I" I exclaimed. "No artist could do a portrait justice with only three sittings, and I least of all." She shrugged her shoulders. " Nothing is impossible if the will be but strong enough. True, you will have your model for only three sittings, but they may begin early and end at your own pleasure. May I depend upon you to paint the portrait, DIr. Congdon ? Will you do it I" " But there are others who possess much grenter talent than 1," I began with some hesitation, but she interrupted me quickly. "For my purposes," she said, in a low tone, " believe me, there is no ins hall as eapable as yourself. Will you do it 1" She leaned forward as she asked the ques. tion, and again for an instant her eves blazed with that strange fire which rendered the atmoephere I breathed so hot and stifling. "Can it be a portrait of her own fecel" I thought, for with all the weirdness which seremed to be a part of her, there was yet a strange, wild beauty woven into her features. " Iut r.o," I half muttered in reply to my own thought, and then I answered her aloud. " I will attempt it," I said; and a strange, cxulting emile illuminated her face for an in stant. "Tell me, now, who and what is my modell" I continued; and as I asked the question my visitor's face lighted up yet once again with that incomprehensible smile. "Your model," she replied, in a low tone which thrilled me, " is one who since she first breathed the breath of life has been my constant care. She is beautiful, the perfec tion of creation. Vere you gifted with the. imagination of the gods of art and with the brush of Gui'lo, and could you sit her alone in your studio and transfer to canvas a por traiture of the acme of beauty, the perfect ideal of loveliness, youn would have no need to see your model, for her picture would grow before your eyes." She rose from her low seat in the eaey chair, and laid a card upon the table, and then glided rapidly towards the door. Pausing as she was about to pass through it, she said: " We will be ready for you at nine in the morning. The address is upon the card." The door closed behind her and she was gone, while I still remained seated upon the stool in front of my easel, conscious that I had shown her but scant courtesy, and yet, for como reaRon, powerldess to move. For a long time after she had left me 1 remained motionless, wondering in a dreamy sort of way what it all meant; why I had been selected as the artist for this work when there were so many with readymade reputa tion who were certainly more capable. I wondered who my caller could be, and why her presence ihad moved me so strangely. I marvelled thaos I, who believed myself so strong, Ihad been so eaeily swayed by the will of a strange woman. IMy head throbbed with new sensations long after bshe had gone, while many misgivings presented themselves to my fanciful mind as the possible consequence of her visit. At last Ircached forward and took up the card which she had left upon the table, hbut as I glanced at it I felt a thrill of dis may. There was no name upon it-nothing but the address. The street and number were there plainly enough, but that was all. I did not yet know who my visitor was, nor could I learn until the morrow. She did not give me her name; I had not thought to ask it. In fact, the more I pon dered over the occurrence the more I bezame convinced that in Eomo way of which I was totally ignorant my visitor had compelled me to remain satisfied with the little she chose to tell me, and that my natural zeal for learning all that could be learned regarding the appointment had been fl-r. gotten. • " [ Hed I been made the victim of a hosax, or was my caller inanen? Soddenly I remembered the note which JalesE had thrust into my hand at the door of the Academy, and I drew it forth eagerly, thinking that I would there find some ex planation of the ehain of circonmstaances. SBurna new disappointment awaited me anl read the note. It ran: "DEAR BLIEL ,-I have taken the liberty of recommending your name to. a person who wishes a portrait of the most beautilul creature I ever saw. I declined the task for reasons which you will under. stand when you see your model. I could not have done the painting juestice but I am convinced that you can. You know what a dread I have of anything out of the beaten track. I would say more if I could, but 1 have broken my word even now, for I pro mised to say nothing, and I am obliged to confess that I do nos even know the name of the person to whom 1 have recommended you. I hope that you will undertake the portrait and succeed well with it. "JUeLE DELOrME." For a long time I pondered over'the words which Jules bhad written, and then I tore up the note and forgot it. But I had decided to keep the appoint. ment I had made, at all events. The morrow will reveal the mystery to me, it mystery there were, and I could wait. I turned out the light, and, tskinggmy pipo once more, sat for a long time in the easy chair before the window, thinking, doubting, wondering-" dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before," until at last my eyes closed, and then I dreamed indeed. I found myself suddenly in a brilliantly. lighted room, standing, brush in hand, before a monstrous easel, which was draped with long festoons of crape. The very walls of the apartment were hung with the symbols of mourning, while the hush of death rested upon the silent air. Before me stood my model, a creature so perfect, so superbly beautiful, that I felt my own otter in ability to comprehend the loveliness of her exquisite face. For many moments it seemed as though I sat staring, enthralled and speechless, upon that vision of wondrous beauty, until at last, in desperation, I touched my brush to the canvas. On the instant the entire vision changed, and instead of that form of magnificent splendor and perfect beauty, I saw before me the faes of my late caller. DBut, in some way, even that was transformed: The latent beauty or nobility which I had seen in it had fled, and in its place was the face of a woman-fiend. The burning eyes seemed, in my dream literally to blaze with fire, until the flames shot out of them and filled the room with a stifling heat. I gazed upon her, fascinated, for with every instant the face before me more and more reassumed the fea tures of the face that I had seen first, until at last the radiance of that great beauty shone upon me again. But stop I and in my dream I seemed al most to hold my breath for an instant. There was a difference I What was it? The face which my vision pictured before me, and which I was to portray upon the canvas, was that of my model; but even though I admitted that much, I felt assured that her soul had somehow gone out, and that the personality was that of the woman with the burning eyes. The face was there, but the soul seemed to have de parted. Again 1 lifted the brush and essayed to paint, but, as the picture grew, I saw that 1 was depicting the livid pallor, the parch mwnt-like skin, and the burning, fiery eyes of my caller instead of the face of my model. I cast the canvas aside, and tried again. The result was the same. Again and yet again I. renewed the attempt; but with every effort that terrible face grew more and more hideous, more and more frightful; It became a menace; it appalled me. I worked as I had never worked before: 1 strove with all my might to paint the counterpart of the face of my model, but it ever seemed as though that hideous soul borned through the beautiful features, and I could depict nothing else. At last, in utter despair, I threw down my palette and brush, as, with a paroxysm of rage, I tore the canvas into strips and stamped upon them. "Bring back the soul tlhat once dwelt be hind those eyes, and I will paint the por trait !" I cried, in my dream; "but I cannot, cannot do it now I" Then the roam resounded with a laugh which filled me with horror-a laugh cof triumph, a laugh of menace. "That soul has fled, but mine is here," I heard the voice of my caller say, in piercing tone. "Paint that !" " No, no " I cried; "I cannot I I will search for the other ! I will find it I Even though it has been carried across thie Styx into the regions of darkness I will find it and bring it back !" "Fool I" returned the woman. " In searching for that you will lose your own. Stay and paint the picture asyou find it.' But Ipaid no heed to her words. I darted away out of the room, followed by her de risive laugh. " She is a fiend," I cried-" a fiend I" as I hurried on. And there my dream ended, and all once more became a blank. I slept. CHAPTER II. TnE ITSTERY DEnEPENS. When I awoke it was broad day, and the sun was shining brightly upon' the fountain, which gushed in living stream into the airin the park opposite my studio. I started and rubbed my eyes confueedly, wondering for a moment where I was, and whyI was not in my bed as usual. "Ah," I said, "so it was a dream after all and my picture is not even commenced ; the work is yet to be done. I have not even seen mymodel; she remains to me unknown." I threw off my garments and sprang into the bath tub, feeling a delicious conviction that the water would effectually clear away the cobwebs of my excited fancy, and that Blakely Congdon would soon again be the prosaic artist prepared to go about with his day's work with a genuine zest, once more free from a host of unseemly fancies and weird imaginings. The dream and all that it had revealed to me I dismissed from my mind as nothing more than the consequence ef my folly, whereby I had allowed my mind to conjure up all sorts of shades and pictures after the departure of my visitor, and just prior to my falling into the deep slumber through which I had passed. But later I remembered it again in every detail, and wondered. Soon [ began to collect the necessary para phernalia for my task, for I had resolved to make a rapid but thorough study of the por trait required, and to perform the majorpart of the work at my leisure in my studio after the three days of "grace" had expired. Then, when the hour drew near, I set out for tle address written upon the card which my visitor had left for me on the previous uight. In the course of half-an-hour I reached it, finding myself before a large square hoase which stood back from the street half hidden by the trees which grew within the yard. I s obliged to pass through a massive gateway in the huge iron fence, and then along a winding gravel path, which finally brought me to the marble steps that led up to the great front door. " Certainly they are people of considerable wealth," I museed, as I noted careftlly the cvidences of siflelnce upon every hand, mentally shuddering when I felt my artistic senses outraged by the frightful distortion wrought in the figures of two coachant lions done in iron at either side of the portal. I had no need to announce my arrival, for one-half of the great door was open, and just within, as though awaiting me, stood a servant, whom I at first mistook for a negro, until a sharper glance proved to me that he was rather of an Asiatia cast of counten ance, and that his hair was as straight as mine. i Carry that to your mistrees,". I sid, nauthoritatively, extending my card towards him, lie took the card. and oater leading the way into a small recepfion-rcom, bowed and left me, without having uttered a word. Presently he returned, and, still without Epeaking, extended a salver upon which rested a delicately- foldcd note. It was brief and to the point. It apologised for the apparent lack of courtesy in ndt re ceiving me in person, and said that the ser vant would conduct me to the apartment where the lady whose portrait I was to paint was waiting to receive me. Evidently it was written in great haste, for my employer had again neglected to reveal her name, having signed the communication with two initials only, and they were "H1. D." I motioned to the servant to lead the way, and after again indulging in a lowbow, which confirmed me in the opinion that he was Asiatic, he conducted me up a Ilight of stairs and into a large room, which was luxuriously appointed in Oriental magnificence. Ii'gazed around me in rapt admiration. Everything which my eyesrested upon within the apartment pleased my artistic Eenses. The bard wood floor strewn with costly rags; the inviting leouchen piled with delicately embroidered cushions; the works of art by the great masters upon the walls; the tapestry-all were perfect in their complete ness. That which struck me as most re markable was that the decorations were in no sense overdone; something hed been left for the imagination of the be holder at every turn, and I stood entranced, in the very.centro oftho room, wondering if I had suddenly been transported into the land of the Genii. Then I turned towards the door, intending to question the servant, but 1 found that he had disappeared. I was alone. At one end of the room stood an easel, rendering the portable one which I had carried in my hand an unnecessary com. modity, and, moreover, it was already pro vided with the large rquare of stretched canvas upon which I was erpeoted to work. I examined it critically, and found it en tirely to my taste ; and then, throwing my self lazily upen one of the divans, Ifeasted my eyes upon the assortment of curios around me. A half-hour passed thus, and I was be ginning to wonder how much of my precious time was to be wasted in impatient waiting, when the tapestry nearme parted, and I was no longer alone. With a sudden exclamation of apology, I leaped to my feet, but the words I would have uttered died upon my lips, and I could, tor a moment, do nothing but gaze, spell bound,upon the vision before me. Ahl, ye who dream of perfection in the human form ; ye to picture to yourselves the completeness of loveliness; ye who in your leisure moments paint in brilliant colors the ideal of all that is beautiful in womankind, must fall far abort of the reality which stood before me then I To say that she was beautiful would be de famation, for beauty, after all, is a compara tive quality, and nothing could have com pared with her. She was all, aye, more, than the words of my visitors had proclaimed her to be on the previous evening in my studio. Description fails me; words become empty nothingneess; language is utterly inadequate; imagination falls as far short of the fact and as entirely fails to grasp it as it does when one speculates upon the vastness and inlinity of space. I was rooted so the spot, literally paralyeed by the vision before me, and I could do no thing but gasp for breath, forgetful of my existence, of the world, of everything excepo that she stood there, and that I was feasting my eyes upon her. Her soul seemed to shine in the depths of her wondrous eyes-great, black, dreamy,yet all ablaze with the living fire of unknown passions. The olive tint of her sk!in was re licved by the glare of eddying flame just be neath it, while every outline of her features was so perfect that the Venus de Mile might hava blushed from marble into clay before her. The costume which she wore greatly added to the charm of her presence. An artistic combination of Oriental and Europanu, sheinig with embroidery and glittering with jewels; she stood before me a revelation. IIow long I vwould have remained thus enellbound and spccehleue I will never ihow, buht her voieo,like notes of imusio falling upon the stillones of the room, rocalled me par tially to myself. " \\\here will you place me ?" she asked, her words ravealing jest a touch of somic foreign aecicnt which I did not recog In ann instant I was myself again, and has tened to begin the work for which I now felt nothing but eagernes, although at the thought of placing the countrrpart olfll that wondrous beauty upon the canvas before me, I felt that I had undertaken an almost im possible task. True, I could paint the imago of those great black eyes, but could I repro. duco the soul which shone through them,the fire which blazed in their depths, hidden, yet constantly impressing the beholder with the coneoiousness of its presence ? 1 could por tray the face and features, but coald I catch the something that I ooold not deflie,which, though unseen, was still thoroughly a part of her. "Hoere, please," I said, in answer to her question; and in spite of my resolution to remain merely the artist, my voice and hands trembled. But presently the work was begun. She did not speak unless in answer to someques tion of mine. Whenever 1 made a suggestion regarding her attitude or expressioni..'le in stantly fulfilled my wishes. Nor did she seem to tire under the strain. Maony times I paused and told her to rest a moment, feeling that she mtust grow weary; but she ever smiled a quick negative, arnd told me to proceed. On and op I worked, bhecmingso absorbed in my task that I forgot the ltght of time. iMy brush seeued gifted anew with the necessity of the moment and possessed of a talent it had never hnown helore-so much so, indeed, that I several times half paused in wonder at the genius I was thus suddenly and unexpectedly developing, paused long enough to marvel to myself and then dash once more into the very vortex of the With it all, however, I was not forgetful of my model. lfany times I besought herto rest, and once I stopped work, saying tlhalt she must be worn out, and that I would resume on the following day, bat she toldme to proceed, that she was not tired, that the work must bhe done in time, and that an hour more or less, then, was as nothing to her. One, in making some slight alteration in the draping of her garment, my hand came suddenly and unexpectedly in coantat with here, and I started back with an exclamation of dismay and alarm. Her hand was icy cold-- so cold that its more touch had sent a chilling wave all over me. Then I insisted upon a short real, and she reluctantly complied, but although I en deavored to start a conversation which would talke her mind from the occupation in which we were engaged, ehu responded only ,with short monosyllabio answers to my questions, never venturing a remark of her owd,so that at last I beaamo as taciturn a she, and our work progressed in silence. So the day wore away. At noon the same i servant who had admitted mo brought a uub. etantialluncheon into the room, and for half I an hour I was left alone again todisneuss ii I and to rest. Then the curtains parted onew, nd my most beauteous visitor once more stood be fore me. - I had begun to work as one in a dream. There was an unearthly quiet about the house, a esomething unreal about my oceopa tion whic-gradnually took possesalon of me until I wondered if I wouldnotsoon awake ard disocvo r that I had indort bet n in dream land. When the night draw near, and the light became too precarious for me to continue my work, I gathered up my brushes, be sought my model to go and test, and took my departure. At the door I encountered the sthange ser vant, and I ttopped long enough to slip a substantial f[o into his hand, and to inquire of him the name of the people by whom I I was employed, but lhe only grinned at the fee and then ihan?ded it back to me, murmur- i ing some words in a tongue which 1 did not understand. It was somewhat of a relief to find that the fellow was not dumb, even though I could gain no information from him, so I pressed a the fee into his hand again; hut he firmly : though politely refused to accept it, and I left the house more puzzled than ever. When I asain reached my studio it was ( quite dark. Teo night was warm, and [ left I the door leading into the corridor open, the better to get the benefit of any breeze which might be stirring. 1 Still halt-dreamily I pondered over my E work. The exquisitely beautiful face of my 1 model shone before my eyes as vividly ea though it were there in reality, illumined by r a light electric. The soft, languishing glance I of her eyes-the warm, rich glow of her 1 cheeks-the delicate curves of her full, red t lips-the perfect grace of her figure thrilled me through and through; and yet, in the midst of it all, I could not forget the ice-like I coldness of that one touch, which had sent [ a shudder all over me. It had not been like contact with an ordi nary hand suddenly become Gold. It was like the touch of death itself-that wax-like, penetrating thrill wlicih is felt when one comes in contact with a corpse. I could not shake off the feeling, nor could I free my mind from many unformed misgivings regarding the family, the people, with whom I had thus Etrangely come in con- I tact. The singular call and the order resulting thereIrom ; the apparent and evidently in tentional neglect to make her name known I to me on the part of my employer ; my ter- l rible dream of the preceding night; the o silent, Asiatic-lotkiog servant, who either could not or would not speak my language or accept a fee from me; the monosyllabic I utterances of my beautiful model, and her ( very evident disinclination to oay more in my presence than was absolutely necessary aye, and the very patent asct that she, too, I en well as my caller of the evening before, was foreign by birth; the elegant mansion with its princely furniture, its Oriental character; my own strange and unaccount- i able sensations, with the almost insane desire to work on and on at the picture I had undertaken-all this and much more passed in review before me in the clouds of smoke which I blew over my head, watching them intently as the draught caught them and carried them whirling out of the window into the darkness of the night, to be lost, like my ptcculatious of the moment, in the vastness I of space. Suddenly I became conscious that I was no longer alone-that someone had entered the studio through the open door. I turned my head lazily, without rising from my chair, expecting to see one of my numerous friends, and resolved inwardly to cut his visit as short as possible under the pretence of retiring early, to find that my eyes were looking into those which had on the previous night reflected the strip of gold in the western sky, from the corridor just outside my door. "Sit still," she said, calmly, restraining my effort to rise by placing a firm hand, which osemed full of strength, on my ehoulder. " You are fatigued by your long I day's work, and there is no necessity for you to more. Iere is a chair near you which I shall recoupy for the few moments I shall be here." She seated herself in it, while I murmured a meaningless word or two, for I was so as I tonished by her second call that I could think of nothing to say. " I found your door open," she continued, I "nod saw that you were resting in yourchair by the window, eo I thrust aside more con I vcntionulity and walked into your studio." Again I murmured a polite nothing or I two; bhut before I could collect my wits suuli ciently to say anything worth recording, she I went on again. "You are very tired, I fear, MIr. Congdon, with your long day's work, and there nare two more jost as long and just as tiresome be. i fore yo." "Yes, I am tired," I admitted; "but the night will rest me. What I most fear is that my model will not be able to witbetand the strain of two more days like this one." " Your model will not fail you, never fear," e was the madam's cool and assured reply, "and when the three days are over she can rest." "What am I to do with the portrait when it is finished ?" I asked. "Of course you fully realise that this is.only a study that I am t making now-that the portrait itself must I come later; that more study-aye, and more \- art, must be employed upon that in order to make it at all worthy of the original. What, then, shall I do with it when it is finished?" "itsaily I do not know. I had not thought of that." "Bi t, surely, being so anxious to have the work done before your departure, you must wI ish to have it forwarded to you," I con tinued. "Yes, yea, to be sure I I will give you full directions before the work is completed," she said. , Andnow, Mr. Congdon, I revert to the reason for my call to-night," "Yes?" I remarked, looking up listlessly, for I found that the only way in which I could avoid the strange and unaccountable sensations with which this woman's presence pos. asced me seas to force myself into abso lute listlearnoes, totally disregarding allin tercst in anything. To look up and meet those strange, burning eyes, was to feel the unpl;ncsei thrill that I had noticed on the previous night; to allow my heart to bound with anytlhing resembling enthusiasm upon any sucbject which she mentioned was to feel Sagain that sense of stifling and of closenes c which wasso oppressive. "Theopurpose of my call this evening," she 3 continued," wastoask you a question which you may consider impertinent." i "And thatis"- "Do you thiuk that the portrait wil!t be a Ssuccess? Do not start, for I am not quoca Stioning your talents, but your heart." 'My heart!" I exclaimed. I was all in Sterest now; my listlessnees was gone, and Sashe saw it, and went on rapidly: S"I knor that you cen reproduce the face and form of-of your model; but, Mr. Cong. don, can you also reproduce the hieauty Swhich shines throuigh her being, and is not a e purt ot her omaterilperson ?" She leaned far forward in her chair, and heryes seemed to blaze like coals of living 1 fire as she breathed, rather ttan uttered: "To paint .the picture as it shouldbe painted, your heart must feel the beauty of Sthat soul. Thus, your hand will beguided to perform a work which will be the marvel of 1 I the world. Your eye cannot anrcomplish it; your sympathy, your soul, your-love-nan. Wi\\\ll you succeed,Blakely Congdonl?" As though gasping for a breath of air, I threw myself backwards upon the cushions, and my eyes closed in spite of themselves. I felt that I murmured a low "Yes, I will suec ceed," and then for a short space I must Shave been uneonscicous, I '"Yes, I will succeed; but though I win I fame. renown, and fortune, I will lose all else Sthat is mine, for, Heaven help me, though I Shove seen my model but one--though she . is as unattainable as heaven itself at this moment, 1 love her 1" S I opened my eyes and looked around mein Sthe semi-darkness. My visitor had gone. S Then I arose, and in very bitterness of a spirit threw myself despairingly upon my Sbed.--(To be Con.i.'usd.) 