LOOKlG BA CEWLO:ARD. 2000-1887. " [BY EDWBRD BELLAMY.] CHAPTER XIX.-(Cont ineted.) "I should not fail to speak of one important function of the minor judges," added Dr. Leete. " This is to adjudicate all cases where a private of the industrial army makes a com plaint of unfairness against an officer. All such questions are heard and settled without appeal by a single judge, three judges being required only in graver cases." "There must be need of such tri bunalin.your system, for under it a man who is treated unfairly cannot leave his place as with us." " Certainly he can," replied Dr. Leete. "Not only is a man always sure of a fair hearing and redress in case of actual oppression, but if his relations with his foreman or'chief are unpleasant he can secure a transfer on application. Under your system a man could indeed leave work if he did not like his employer, but he left his means of support at the same time. One of our workmen,.however; who finds himself disagreeably situated, is not obliged to risk his means of sub. sistence to find fair play.. The efi ciency of industry requires the strictest discipline in the army of labour, but the claims of the workman to'just and considerate treatment is backed by the whole power of the nation. The officer commands and the private obeys, but no officer is so high that he would dare display an overbearing manner toward a work man of the lowest class. As for chur lishness or rudeness by an official of any sort, in his relations to the public, not one among minor offences is more sure of a prompt penalty than this. Not only justice, but civility is en forced by our judges in all sorts of intercourse. No value of service is accepted as a set off to boorish or offensive mann'ers." It occurred to me, as Dr. Leete was speaking, that in all-his talk I had heard much of the nation andnothing of the state governments. "Had the organization of the nation as a indus trial unit done away with the states ?" I asked. "Necessarily," he replied. "The state government would have inter fered with the control and discipline of the industrial army, which, of course, required to be central and uniform. Even if the states government had not become inconvenient for other reasons, they were rendered superfluous by the prodigious simplification in the task of government since your day. Al most the sole function of the adminis tration now is that of directing the industries of the country. Most of the purposes for which governments formerly existed no longer remain to be subserved. We have no army or navy, and no military organization. We have no departments of state or treasury, no excise or revenue ser vices, no taxes or tax collectors. The only function proper of government, as known to you, is the judiciary and police system. I have already ex plained to you how simple is our judi cial system as compared with your huge and complex machine. Of course the same absence of crime and temp tation to it, which makes the duties of judges so light, reduces the number and duties of the police to a minimum." " But with no state legislators, and Congress meeting only once in five years, how do you get your legislation Sdone ?" " We have no legislation," replied Dr. Leete-" that.is, next to none. It is rarely that Congress, even when it meets, considers any new laws of con sequence, and then it only has power to commend them to the following Congress, lest anythingbedonehastily. If you will consider a moment, Mr. West, you will see that we have nothing to make laws about. The fundamental principles on which our Ssociety is founded settle for all time the strifes and misunderstanding·s which, in your d'y, called for legisla tion. '" Fullyninety-nine hndredths of the laws of that time concerned the defi nition and protection of private pro perty, and the relation of buyers and sellers. There is neither private pro perty, beyond personal belongings, now, nor buying and selling, and therefore the occasion of nearly all the legislation, formerly necessary has passed away. Formerly, society was a pyramid poised on its apex. .All the gravities of human nature were constantly tending to topple it over, and it could be maintained upright, or rather upwrong (if you will pardon the feeble witticism) by an elaborate system of constantly renewed props and buttresses of guy-ropes in the form of laws. A central Congress and forty state legislatures turning out some twenty thousand laws a year, could not make new props fast enough to take the place of those which were constantly breaking down or becoming ineffectual through some shifting of the strain. Now society rests on its its base, and is in as little need of ar tificial supports as the everltsting hills." "But you have at least municipal governments besides the central au thority ?" "' Certainly, and they have impor tant and extensive functions in looking out; for the public comfort and recrea tion~ and the improvement and embel lishmentof the villages and cities." "But having no control over the labour of the people, or means ofhiring it, how can they do anything 1" "Every town or city is conceded the right to retain, for its own pubhc works, a certain proportion of the quota of labour its citizens contribute to the nation. This proportions, being assigned it as so much credit, can be applied in any way desired." CHAPTER XX. TnATr afternoon- Edith casually in quired if I had yet revisited the un derground chamber in which I had been found. "Not yet," I replied. "To be frank, I have shrunk thus far from doing so, lest the visit might revive old associations rather too strongly for my mental equilibrium." "Ah yes," she said, "I can imagine that you have done well to stay away. I ought to have thought of that." "No, I said, " I am glad you spoke of it. The danger, if there was any, existed only during the first day or two. Thanks to you, chiefly and al ways, I felt my footing now so firm in this new world, that if you will go with me to keep the ghosts off, Ishouldreally like to visit the place this afternoon." Edith demurred at first, but finding that I was in earnest, consented to ac company me. The rampart of earth thrown up from the excavation was visible among the trees from the house, and a few steps brought us to the spot. All remained as it was at the point where work was interrupted by the discovery of the tenant of the chamber, save that the door had been opened and the slab from the roof re placed. Descending'the sloping sides of the excavation we went in at the door and stood within the dimly lighted room. Everything was just as I had be lheld it last on that evening bne hun dred and thirteen years previous, just before closing my eyes for that long sleep. I stood for some time silently looking about me. I saw that my companion was furtively regarding me with an expression of awed and sympathetic curiosity. I put out my hand to her and she placed hers in it, the soft fingers responding with a re assuring pressure to my clasp. Fi nally she whispered, "Had we not better go now? You must not try yourself too far. Oh, how strange it must be to you I" "On the contrary," I replied, "it does not seem strange; that is the strangest part of it." "Not strange ?" she echoed. "Even so," I responded. "The emotions with which you evidently credit me, and which I anticipated would attend this visit, I simply do not feel. Irealize all that these surround ings suggest, but without the agita tion I expected. You can't be nearly as much surprised at this as I am my self. Ever since that terrible morning when you came to my help, I have tried to avoid thinking of my former life, just as I have avoided coming here, for fear of the agitating effects. I am for all the world like a man who has permitted an injured limb to lie motionless under the impression that it is exquisitely sensitive, and on try ing to move it finds that it is para lyzed." "Do you mean your memory is gone ?" '. 'Not at all. I remember every thing connected with my former life, but with a total lack of keen sensa tion. I remember it for clearnesl as if it had been but a day since then, but my feelings about what I remember are as faint as if to my consciousness, as well as in fact, a hundred years had intervened. Perhaps it is possible to explain this, too. The effect in change of surroundings is like that of lapse of time in making the past seem re mote. When I first woke up from that trance my former life appeared as yesterday, but now, since I have learned to know my surroundings, and to realise the prodigious changes that have transformed the world, I no longer find it hard, but very easy, to realize that I have slept a century. Can you conceive of such a thing as living a hundred years in four days ? It really seems to me that I have done just that, and that it is this experience which has given so remote and unreal an appearance to my former life. Can you see how such a thing might be ?" "I can conceive it," replied Edith, meditatively, " and I think we ought all to be thankful that it is so, for it will save you much suffering, I am sure." "Imagine," I said, in an effort to explain, as much to myself as to her, the strangeness of my mental condi tion, " that a man first heard of a bereavement many, many years, per haps half a lifetime, after the event occurred. I fancy his feelings would be perhaps something as mine is. When I think of my friends in the world of that former day, and the sor row they felt for me, it is with a pensive pity, ratherthan keen anguish, as of a sorrow long, long ago ended." "P You have told us nothing yet of your friends. Had you many to mourn you?" "Thank God, I had very few rela tions, none nearer than cousins," I re plied. "' But there was one, not a re lative, but dearer to me than any kin of blood. She had your name. She was to.have been my wife soon. Ah me !" " Ahme i" sighed Edith, by my side. "Think of the heartache she must have had." "Something in the deep feeling of this gentle girl touched a chord in my benumbed heart. My eyes, before so dry, were flooded with the tears that till now had refused to come. When I had regained my composure I saw that she too had been weeping freely. " God bless your tender heart," I said. "Would you like to see her picture ?" A small locket with Edith Bartlett's picture, secured about my neck with a gold chain, had lain Uipon my breast all through that long sleep, and re moving this I opened and gave it to my companion. She took it with eagerness, and after poring long over the sweet face, touched the picture with her lips. "I know that she was good and lovely enough to well deserve your tears," she said; "but remember her heartache was over long ago, and she has been in heaven for nearly a cen tury." It was indeed so. Whatever her sorrow had been, for nearly a century she had ceased to weep, and my sudden passion spent, my own tears dried away. I had loved her very dearly in my other life,, but it was a hundred years ago! I do not know but some may find in this confession evidence of lack of feeling, but I think, perhaps, that none could have had an experi ence sufficiently like mine to enable t'hem to judge me. As we were about to leave the chamber my eye rested upon the great iron safe which stood in one corner. Calling my companion's attention to it, Isaid: "This was my strong as well as my sleeping room. In the safe yonder are several thousand dollars in gold, and any amount of securities. If I had known when I went to sleep that night just how long my nap would be, I should stillhave thought thegold was a safe provision for my needs in any country or any century, however dis tant. That a time would ever come when it would lose its purchasing power, I should have considered the wildest of fancies. Nevertheless, here I wake up to find myself among a people of whom a cart load of gold will not produce a loaf of bread." As might be expected, I did not succeed in impressing Edith that there was anything remarkable in this fact. "Why in the world should it ?" she merely asked. CHAPTER XXI. IT had been suiggested by Dr. Lteete that we should devote the next morn ing to an inspection of the schools and colleges of the city, with some attempt on his own part at an explanation of the educational system of the twentieth century. "You will see," said he, as we set out after breakfast, "many very im portant differences between our methods of education and yours, but the main difference is that nowadays all persons equally have these oppor tunities of higher education which, in your day, only an infinitesimal por tion of the population enjoyed. We should think we had gained nothing worth speaking of, in equalizing the physical comfortsof men, without this educational equality." "The cost must be very great," I said. "If it took half the revenue of the nation nobody would grudge it," re plied Dr. Leet, "nor even if it took it all save a bare pittance. But in truth the expense of educating ten thousand youths is not ten nor five times that of educating one thousand. The prin ciple which makes all operations on a large scale proportionally cheaper than on a small scale holds as to education also." " College education was terribly ex pensive in my day,"said I. "If I have not been misinformed by our historians," Dr. Leete answered, "it was not college education but col lege dissipation and extravagance which coat so highly. The actual ex pense of your colleges appear to have been very low, and would have been far lower if their patronage had been greater. The higher education nowa days is as cheap as the lower, as all grades of teachers, like all other wor kers, receive the same support. We have simply added to the common school system of compulsory education, in vogue in Massachusetts a hundred years ago, a half-dozen higher grades, carrying theyouthto the age of twenty one and giving him what youused to call the education of a gentleman, instead of turning him loose at fourteen or fifteen with no mental equipment be yond :reading, writing, and the multi plication table." "Setting aside the actual cost of these additional years of education," I replied, "we should not have thought we could afford the loss of time from industrial pursuits. Boys of bthe poorer class usually went to work at sixteen or younger, and knew their trade at twenty." " We should not concede you any gain even in material product by that plan," Dr. Leete replied. " The greater efficiency which education gives to all sorts of labour, except the rudest, makes up in a short period for the time lost in acquiring it." " We should also have been afraid,'! said I, " that a high education, while it adapted men to the professions, would set them against manual labour of all sorts." "That was the effect of high education in your day, I have read," replied the doctor; and it was no wonder, for manual labour meant association with a rude, coarse, and ignorant class of people. There is no such class now. It was inevitable that such a feeling should exist then, for the further reason that all men receiving a high education were understood to be des tined for the professions or for wealthy leisure, and such an education in one neither rich nor professional was a proof of disappointed aspira tions, an evidence of failure, a badge of inferiority rather than superiority. Nowadays, of course, when the highest education is deemed necessary to fit a man merely to live, without any refer ence to the sort of work he may do, its possession conveys no such impli cation." "After all," I remarked, "no amount of education can cure natural dulness or make up for original mental deficiencies. Unless the average natural mental capacity of men is much above its level in my day, a high edu cation must be pretty nearly thrown away on a large element of the popu lation. We used to hold that a cer tain amount of susceptibility to educa tonal influences is required to make a mind worth cultivating; just as a cer tain natural fertility in soil is required if it is to repay tilling." (To. be Continued) 