"Let atll the erass thou aria'3t at be thy CouLntr's, Thy God's, and Tr ut/h's." FlIlDAY, s80l MAlY, 1890. Ar LasT.-The plans for the Euroa jepst- rohitic i n ia.eri.ited. -I is therefore. expected that the building will be pro ceeded with without further delay. lNLucszA.--Tlhis disease is extremely prevalent in all parts of the shire. Almost every person in Longwood lhas had ex perience of its miseries, the other centres, Violet Town and Euroa, being scarcely better off: Four deaths lave already been recorded fromn this cause, and there are several other desperate cases at tile pre sent time, which are expected to termi nate fatally. We would impress upon all, now that the wet season has set in, the supreme necessity. of keeping the feet warm and dry. TILE DEAnTII-ROLr.-Sometling akin to :a feeling of alarm is being felt at the number of fatal cases of influenza occur ring throughout the shire. Already more tlhan half-a-dozen deaths have been chron icled during the month, and the total was still further swelled yesterday morniilg., when a little daughter of dMr Riclrrdus, Euroa, succumbed to the disease. Great sympathy is expressed for Mr and 'Mrs Richards in their trouble. The funeral will leave their residence this afternoon. POLICE COUrrL.-At the E?rroa police court on Friday last, before Messrs. Dobbin, P.AI., Slee and Birkett, J.'sP., a case arising out of a contract for tlhe supply of rails to the value of £38 14s, Gibbs v. Clarkson, was struck out, the d court having no jurisdiction. An assault case, Edwards v. Garrett, was dismissed. Charles Eastwood, occupier of 5000 acres of land at Goorami, appeared il anuswer to a summons for failing to take proper steps for the destruction of rabbits on Iris estate, and was lined £5 and £2 5s costs, the bench taking a lenlient view of the case as being the first of the kind in the district. BMu'sicrIitL ELEcTION.-r- n August, Crs MicShane (north riding), Crosbie (south),.. and Sloe (centiral) retire, and the election, is already attracting attention, names of intending candidates being freely spoken of. Cr;.cIeShane haIs determniled to con test his seat against all comers. Ors. Sloe ard Crosbie hIave not givren utterance to their intentions, but we believe tlhat they 3 will also come forward for re- election. MI.IA.--At the ordinary meeting of the y Euroa M.I.A. on Mionday night, tile com- tl mittee was instructed to drawi up tie pro gramme for the next literary, debating and musical competition in.November,and k also enipowered to obtalin a copy of thi G Enrcyclop'edia Britannica, 22 vols. One new member ias elected,' and one pro- a posed. A discussion iwas opened by the Re?. J Weir, B. ., on thre question, d Which is the more desirable gift-Beauty b or Genius. TIe speaker's inr- contes. D tiol wa ,s that inasmuchl as beauty was, i physical gift anld liablne to deca:ry it nlust., nlecessarily havle a lower value than gellius,s wlhich possessed creative po wer, enduriig, , and insluenciiig the world, for all time. Messrs Mletizke Ford, Deloos, rEnnuis Gardiner, Rev. T. 11.`Kent, and others o contributed to the debsite tie, arlalriia, t ift er aInl?isrumir?g up tIr: i~~giartiiient oft the various speakers,decliari g the iajority. o to be in faryr of genrus as the more desir] Cuosis Sori. 'Membebrs are so minrdcd s'th lat e weekl pr actreetakes' place as usual tis evnr nig Tihe conduc: toy: sntorrds rntroducsn> yone Feesis high c.lassi arid .nterectiinrg?'nir m Ti+:o; 'o n -:'ur rrttee are requested to rocet atlthe close e : ,of the';p;-i;ra?ti?'e' .J ?o' CRICKETERS' CONCERT. - Tile second cricketers' concert takes place on Wedtnes dray next in the Euroa public-hall, when a complete change of programme is an noouiced, including several selections by' that ever-popular tenor, W. A. Staker, Esq. 111esdamles Slee and Allen, Misses Clholey and Carr, and Messrs Turner, Ford, Paget, and Blirkett also take part. The farce ; " family" failing," will ter minate the proceedings, the characters being sustained by Messrs Sutherland, Goyder, Chalfey, WVhite, and KMliss K. Hay. Judging fromi the excellent pro gramnme issued it requires no prophet to prognosticate a full house. W\\\e are especially pleased to see the names of so many lady residents lending their aid, and can certainly promise them a cordial ro ceptron. During tse evening an oppor tunity will. be taken to present our cricketing clhampions witl the trophies s\Orl by them- during tile last season's tour o' Uinenit. y ACCisiNT.-An awkward accident halp pened to, 31r. .lames lay, of tihe firm of SGoyder and Ilay, on Saturday. While riding at the coursing club meeting, lihe was thrown from his horse, against a fence, breaking two of the small bones of the hand in the fall. Mr. Hay's many friends \-- and their numnber is almost legion- will be gladr:to hear that no serious evil results are anticipated, although it will 1e sonime time before " Richard is himself again." Foxes.--A remarkable capture of two full-grown foxes was made by a shooting party on Wednesday afternoon on Bal matturu hill,' neari Euroa. IMr Frank W'ilson was the fortunate sportsman. He was some distance up the hill, and Mr Carrick, who was lower down, disturbed a fox, which ran within range of Air Wilson's gun, and paid the penalty with his life, salthough ihe made matters lively for his captors before finally yielding up the ghost. Some time afterwards another fox was put up and shared the same fate. The animals are now on view at MIr Weir's toba:conist shop. DErPARTUivE.-Mr McCormick, who for some tihe past has acted as telier at the Euroa branch of the Colonial Bank of Austr;lhsia, left on Wednesday Imornllinll to take charge of the Healcsville agency. Durinig Mr McCormuick's residence in this r district lie has made a host of friends, among whom he e will be greatly missed, ;is Salso will be his services in the Church of England choir, of which body ihe was a valued imemrber. We congratulate Mr McCormick on his deserved prormotion, and trust tlhat the future will have many mote advances in store for him. -Mr G-. H. Foss, of Nragambie, has been appointed in his stead. IIssED TiE C .r-A young an -11111 - gaged in the banking interest had an urn pleasant experience while out shooting onr the hills near Euroa on Saturday. The evtning closed in wet and miserable, and when the shooting lparty gathered fur the return journey, lie of the linaneial guild was absent. Guns were fired, and directed to all points of the compau'ss, but without result. As darkness gathered, Stire party decided to drive homue on tihe a it different route. This not being the case, -lanterns were hastily improvised, and a search party was just setting out, whenll a y belated traveller arrived on horseback, t who proved to be the missing sportsman, to the great relief of all concerned. Tin \Wreni. - Trhe reservoir on the l Mountain Hut Creek is now filled, a strong n stream running over trhe sill. Biyornd tihe leakage reported on last week there ap pears to be no further waste. The pres sure of water will thoroughly test tire inmasonry of the weir, which we believe will stand the strain very satisfactorily. t Emto.t PosT Ol.EIce.-Per thIe Hiu. Jas. Butters, M.L.C., Mr. George Suther land has received the following cormnuni cation respecting the post-ollice :-With reference to your personal interview oil the subject, I have now the honor to state ,tlhat plans for the new post and telegraph qglice, Euroa, have beerl approved, and iill be sent to the Public Works Depart eunct fortlhwith.- W. C. JuasEs, Acting Deputy Pustnmaster-General. A RIPE Ot Aoe. - O?0 Sunday last Mrs Janet McIrvor, widow of the late Angus MIlvor, quietly passed into the land of shadows at tihe remarkable age of 105 years. During the last 10 years tile lady was in this district she graduarlly lost thie use of her faculties, iand latterly liher actions were simply autouristic. She was born ill tile Isle of Lewes, Scotlhnd, in tile year 1785, Whelon George IV was on tIhe throne. LOSOWVOOD WAVTEIr SurrP'L'. - At tile last meeting of tile Goulburr shire coun cil (reported on our fourth psagc) thie en gineer was instructed to draw up the inecessry planrs for a water supply sclherne for Loigwood, preparatory to rn ap5plliea tioes being inslde for a loan for the purpose of canrrying out thIe worlk. TEiPEIALCtC E.- A very successful'total ablistinenc meetirig wsas ihld irn tlIe Teii: perance Hall, Euroi, e:n Wedircsdaiy etvdni inii lisirn addrssses were delivered lby Mr. I. Wi'ilson, Violet Town, and the .ev. T. Kent, the istervals being enlivened by excellent part sinlging by the choir, under Irs. H. II eteves, together with son~gs and recitations. MDr. Collard sang TlThen you'll remember me," and T Tihe maid of the irill," and was flattered by receiving an encore for eaeh number.--- - HosperxL. We are requested to :asc knovledge receipt of £1I 8s ld; per Thds. Godden, Riug's Creek, 'being amount eeol lected by pupils attenldigr Stat schol ol, in aid of Kilinore hospitil funds. :" FoorTALL.-EuroS v. Seymour,- Satui day next, atc Eurona.e TlIe leal fe-n isilli be chosen froi An-ideicsoi, Cars, Cutter, ti D;wyerr Enimrett, Ewort, Gasc?3.ne, Go. 2 eras? Hercing, Less is,. -lain, Mtirray, Yxaons (2), .-Koniedy (2), McKInzie, MeNaiughlton, Nicliolls, Empaey. Satur- i day weekA~ e Ave nlol, .itines ::' C SGOOD Scxits-r-s Mr. Mblc in, of tlie Kialil Ihotel;, "Violet Tonl ; i;asr tie fot? ate'i fisider of a £16order air ai butec Tiie AnsL Ro:? ii inhoter cblumnsc our losod orrtpon rdbt fusr?l c h i VL's J Gaili-siie oninid1000tis a h losvost ratesi: fi d FII E BRIGADE. - A public meeting, \- conivened by the presidlit, was held in a the shire-hall on Wednesday evening for t- ile purpose of .taking steps to place the y Euroa fire brigade on a firm financial foot ing. The captain, Mr. It. McCulloch, :s presented a statement showing that the brigade was indebted over £15 for neces b. sary appliances in hand, Imd "ther expen \- iture was necessary. On the motion of ls the Rev. J. \eir, it was decided that a ,special effort should be made to collect sulicieint funds, the president (who occu pied the chair) and Messrs Sutherland, t cCulloch and Neelands to.be requested "e to msake a canvass of the town. \We trust Shouseholders will nect tllese gentlemen d in a liberal spirit, as it is most discourng ing for members of the brigade to feel r- that their voluntary efforts to make an ir excellent lire-flghting corps are not pro ps erly appreciated or supported. S SrrICAL MEErTIC.---A special meeting of the shire council was held yesterday, present Crs McKelunna (iln the chair), Bir lf kett, Gibson, McShane, and 1Wakenshaw. Ic The object of tle nmeeting was to consider se an application for wire netting to the value of £220 made by. Eastwood Bros., of to Gooram. It was resolved to apply at once Is for the additional amount required, as the \- time for granting loans expires on the 1st ii Juine... . ? VIOLTr TOWvN BANo.--Tho band will If perform from Underwood's balcony on Tuesday evening next, wlen a long pro a gramnme of choice musical selections will ,g be played. All members are requested to be inl attendance. k PrESEcNTTAON . - A meeting of the Ic parents of children of the Kialla East r State school was leld in the schoolroom . on Saturday, when a souvenir was pre ' senuted to the late teacher, Mr. Robert ,Gourlay, who travelled from his present is chool, near Mlaimsbury, to be in attend it ance. The chairman, inl a few suitable t remarlks, expressed tioe satisfaction of Is parents and scholars during Mr. Gourlay's st superintendence, and on behalf of many friends in the district wished that gentle Illin god-speed, a sentiment umanimously o endorsed by those present. Mr. Gourlay replied ill feeling terms, thanking hisl frientds for their good-wishes and gift. A mMeeting of the 3ieopoll-Nalinga railway league was held at Miepull oil the same it d y, when it was decided to recognise Mr. Courlay's labors as secretary. of Ltlrumosr.s..-A very intercasting core itiony took place at ihrs Iallintine's on Ir 21st inst., viz.:-thie mrriage of that lady's daughter to Mir. Cruthltis, of Mel bourne. At the invitation of Mrs Ballin iy tine guests to the noumber of about 120 l assembled to celebrate the festive occa sion, and dancing was kept up with zest, till dawn, the thief of all terpsichorean pleasures, appeared. After three ringing cheers (which the bride and bridegroom i might have heard in Melbourne) and three more for the hostess, the company dis Spersed, after having spent one of the most S lenjoyable eveniugs which have taken ulace fur some time in this district. Lit Cupid seened very active, and, judging by appearances, his arrows were taking effect. p Iliiilar'couinpauy. our ireaders will be pleased to learn, appear in the Public THaill, Euroa. to-night, when will be produced lBoucicault's sensational drumna, "After Dark"-a play full of thrilling, pathetic, and humorous incidents, and which will be illustrated by very realistic auld start linug stagu effects. Amongst some of the n scenes of special interest is onle showing the interior of a London concert hall inl full swing of midnight roystcring. In this scene several iew songs and daltnces t will be given. There is also shown ill the drama aa view of the London bridge by umoonlight. Ifere one of tilhe startling incidents cf the piece takes place-the attemarted suicide of a young girl who, tired of life, hurls herself from the bridge tparapet into the darliwatters of tihe Thames. Another sensational uelrht introduced ise the exciting incident of ain express train which dashes across tile age, almost crushing to death a iman placedl on the rails, who is saved fro a i horrille death just at the critical Illolelct. There are several extrelmely lhuieirous chlaracters and situations also introduced. The coim pa'ny comprises 23 performers in all, aud n numbers amollngst them, besides dramatic Sartistes, several exceptiotnally clever vocal aists and song anld dance artistes lately a rrived from Amecrica. A inulber of seats are already booked at Mr Carrick's, where Sthe box-plan is on view. SIIEAN's OCESiC CRIIIUCII. - We have had the pleasure of inspecting the plans of the proposed new Church of Eigland ati 1 Sueans' Creek. The building, whlichl is of awood, is excellently dcsignued, and whleu erelcted wrill be , credit to the enterpris. r Itig congregastion and tlhe miinister, iMr James Bate. OtClcKETERiS are reminided that theo Sutfielanud trolhics will be piresented to I the wimuers duriig the entertainuument in a the public-halll on WXednesday mu lht next. haiuuea A elliootiigrpty of eiiht gaila froii Euro- oii Saturd-y baeged 130: rabbits beside~s tsvo ?dallabies aid seveial i -OitcaULrTwtIL SOCIETY.-The Ordiinary I minthly nieeting still be held oi Tuesday " iext at 11 a.m. 'i The progranmuo coinuit- i tee will also meet todrai? up the prize- P RAILrWA L:VYcXic IEc;S-For the info'r; mation of intending applicants, we print, in anotleir columini, a list of vacincies in the RMilwaiy Dep;artment, Wirth all iifor miation relating tliroeto. . :: ' CLOTeoeG.-- To b eiell dressed is to hav mounited tho first step in thle laddei of success." Send for patterns of choicci ri woolleils and self- iicmesurementc instruoc. I tioiis to LIcOL'o, SThUi & CO. Limiited, 238 Flinuders-stret,-- Melbournje. Tliey a will- seiid thot'to yii post fle ; tlhey have the largest tailorinug establisniniet it r clie city. Az capital businessa suit to imeisure for 42Os-Aovr. T:'ls hiead quat:rtiers ofi tilhe Raisii rie oi in Vmictoria is ulidoubtedly at W t Bros., Goulburnm Vlley Nurseries, tModrtopia. This enterz sing firm have no lees than lialf miillioi cuttings aiiud rootlinis for lar sale. They have imiadu. a specialt: of all pr counierei fruits suited to nortiern soils si and climinutan, ismteditding, g-rowesra should conilsult them bIfore laintig.i" Thoi : is a I great ·rtisli foi nurse ry;itock this year, rhsia orders shlould be seint iii early. - iead tii theiri price list iiiit guide to : lOgroerse-i trt A. P G0 tuiEiKem is h8otsu@ni Co'aclhoic'0 selection of nes tnd se-isouiable goods- I ulsters? whte rroofs, iiaciiitloshes, blankIitit lannis. iDrssuking and niiliheryy eii 