CHAPTER VII. TUB BtlCCAKBEIlS TIRE OF TUB UPB ON’ BUOBE, AND DKTEItlCINIS TO 00 AOAIX TO BKA. Searching about tlio plnoo, I of ton dis covored littfo matters, which I stored in tho cauoo and brought to our now aottiomout, such fts hammers, harpoons for striking fish, fragments of cordago, rope, and oauvaa ; uud twice I dug up from the ruins boxes con taining Beamon's clothes, which wuro very welcome to us all. In one of those trunks I discovered some Spanish books, in dueling a grammar and dictionary, and of those I hastened to avail myself, inasmuch as I saw that • a knowledge of this language might Boon bo of the greatest service to mo. Noithor did my companions grudge that I thus applied much of my time to study, for none of mem know more than ti fow words of Spanish, and they wore quito aware of tho advantage of having ono at least of their party conversant with that Thus, timo passed away tolerably plea santly. The Boason for tho arrival of tho ships oxpectod to load with tho boucun prepured for them at tho villa go on tho cast sido of tho bay, having passed and nono of them appoariug, wo concluded that stragglers from our old company hud Succeeded in making their way to Jamaica, Tortugas, and other islands, und had informed tho raorohauts and planters there of tho attacks of tho Spaniards, and tho uttor ruin'of tho. settlement, adding, very .probably, that .they were the solo survivors of the massacre'. * It, therefore, beoamo u question with us what to do. Tho Pronoh-* mon woro for journeying along tho coast to tho westward, and thou, watching un oppor tunity to go across to Tortugas ; but Stout Join told thorn.thoy might do So if they pleased, but ho would prefer an island where his own countrymon had something to say in matters, an opinion which tho rest of tho. Bullish, as woll as the Dutchmen and tho Indians, who do not lovO’ tho Tronoh, joined in very cordially.’ The Frenchmen, who, to do them justice, wore very good fellows, on this gave up their proposition and sworo that they would follow Stout Join to the death. 41 Say you bo, my boys?” cried the Dover mariner. 44 Then m bo it; and what I pro pose is this. ' Here bo nine Btout men or us, for I count the Indians fts good iw white blood. Our peaceful trade in beef and hides, hath been ruiuod by theso accursed Spaniards, so I vote for the sea aguin.” This proposul mooting with a clamour of approbation, Stout .Tom Hung aloft his hat. “We hare had enough of the shore this bout, mates,” quoth lio. 441 want to hoar the wind whistle through turry ropes again, and feel a stout ship dancing under my feet.” 14 Tali, yah,” said til* Hollander. 44 We zanl bo Zco Hoovers onco more;** and all the company flung up their hats like our leader, and sworo tuat they would take deop vengeance on Jaclc Spaniard. For my parti was well pleased, for I felt I was a sailor, and that I had no business to bo fol lowing a hunter’s life ashore. I had not very much tasto for shooting bullocks, and still leas for breaking them up, cooking and storing them ; and, although 1 had always cheerfully tukeu my turn to watch the boncan lire, my mind would oft*n stray away upon the ocean, and I would pant for the fresh sea breeze, and the dash of the foaming brine. As for my comrado, Nicky, ho was that easy kind of going man, that ho seemed to care very little whether ho wus ou land or sea. Ho worked, ate, drank, sang, and slept, and then rose merrily next day to go through the sarao routine. But otout •Tom, who was the life and soul, as well as the captain of our party, wus a sailor all over. Ho had been many years in the Caribbean sea, was a good pilot, understood every current, and every indication of the weather, and moreover, knew by heart every buccaneering trick for easing of their cargoes the treasure-ships of tho But before we could go to sea. we must have n vessel; and saving the canoe, which was hardly lit for a cruiser, we were as un provided as though we lived on tho top of a, mountain. There whs nothing therefore for it, as we could not go in a ship to the Spaniards, bat to wait until the Spaniards should come in a ship Co us, that is to say, in such a small ship ns we could master, and afterwards manage. We might indcod hnvo not found nmoli diflioulty in entering an English privateer, many of whom we know were hovering on the coast; bnt being acquainted with each other well, wo preferred in the fust place to capture such a small craft as we could man, • afterwards making such additions to our crow as might from time to time bo resolved In the meanwhile, wo continued to hunt and prepare the flesh of wild cattlo and boars, so that wo should have a good wtock of pro visions when wo were ready to go to sea. Being, as I have said, always fonder of wntor than laud, I often induced tho Mos quito Indians to allow me to go with them in their canoo, when they wont to striko flsh nud manatee. Generally tho Indians permit no one to accompany them in those expedi tions. and if they are forced to allow a white man into tho canoe, they will pur posely miss their aim at every fish or nuiraal they strike, and so return empty handed. However, I being a great favourite with Blue Peter, who lmd indeed saved my life iu tho lover; nud losing no opportunity, by such petty gifts as I had it in my power to make, of showing my gratitude, he inado no objections to my accompanying him and his comrado in many of their expeditions. Wo used to start before sunriso, Blao Peter in the bows of tho oauoo and Jack in tho stern, both paddling quickly, while I sat amidships in the bottom. No Europeans I over saw can puddle so ailoutly, swiftly, and surely as the Indians on the Mosquito coast. They hold th» shaft of tho paddlo almost upright, never touching tho gunwale there with, or Bplashiug rudely in tho water. On tho contrary, the broad part of the paddlo dips us clean as a knife, and tho oauoo glide* with a perfectly smooth and rapid motion, so that, did yon not observe how fast tho water ripples by, you would hardlv thiuk you were moving at all. Whon pursu ing the manatco? our usual game, tho head of tho canoe was turned up the creek to tho higher banks, where tho shore wus sedgy and low, where tho mangroves roared their dismal groves, and where tho wntorgruduallybfcoraingbrackiahandmuddy, there is found floating and waiving from tho banks, tho long narrow-bladed grass on which tho manatee loros to feed. Tho creature wo hunted ifl a harmless boast, like ft groat seal. It is » misfortune for himsolf that ho has tendor wliito flesh, tasting like veal, and that his ekin' makes very good • thongs and straps, which tho Buccaneers use for divers purposos. Wore it not bo, ha might flout unmolostod in tho warm muddy water, nibbling tho streaming grass, aa the lazy current carries his heavy form slowly up and down tho mangrove canals, twinkling hia little pig-liko eyes, and anxi ously jerking his stupid-looking head, if a cuymau rolls with u splash from tho muddy bank into the river, or a equattiug flook of wild-ducks rise with a whirr from tho sedgy surface of tho neighbouring pool. But tho poor manatee, being good to eat, must submit to be harpooned and eaten. When wo came to tho feeding-ground which ho loves, tho Indiana would paddlo with double caution, and Bluo Peter, who was tho strikor, would carefully examiuo hia harpoon, and see that it lay couveniont to his hand. Tho apear used for capturing tho manateo is about 8ft. long. Tho iron barb, a heavy ami sharp pieeo of metal, is attached to the thicker end, and to tho other is fastened a oirculur knob called tho bobwootl, round which is wound a strong lino, ono end of which is fast to tho bjbwood, tho other to tho iron of the harpoon. Whon Urn weapon is flung, the barb alono sinks into tho crea turtrs flosh, the skiff coming unloosed from tho iron, und the lino rapidly unwinding from tho bob wood, as the striukon creature dives in its agony and fear. Tho Indians thou paddlo after the staff, and having seizod it, grudually • wqur out the btrongth'of tho garno and kill it. I nil all not soon forgot tho first manateo huut I saw. We embarked at early dawn, and glided nilontly along the green shore, from which tho miut of tho night was lifting and rolling in wliito clouds far up tho moun tains. After long skirting tho mangrove wood, wo turned from tho main channel into a narrow creek, slipping ulong iu perfect silence. Liston as I would, I could not ovon hear tho water at tho canoo’s bow, hor mould wus so perfect, und so steady tho strokes which propollod her. Tho drip of tho water from the paddlos as thoy were lifted alono made a Hlight tinkliug sound. Tho. fiea broozo had not yet bogun to blow, and tho sun catno down soorchingly upon tho tangled wood and tho green water, tho surface of which glanced liko bright, clear oil. Presently Bluo Peter laid his paddlo noiselessly down, and took up tho harpoon. I looked anxiously uheud. Clustered round tho trunk of a vast mangrove, which roso up out out of tho water, thoro wus a tamrlod heap of soaking grass and weeds. Tho kuoeling Indian crouched as if ho wore a graven imago of ebony or bronze, and I saw tho floating weeds move, and heard a grinding, splutter ing sound as of a cow grazing. Then tho Indian moved a finger ot his loft hand, which ho had kept outstretched; his comrado at tho atom saw tho sign, und a peculiar sweep of tho puddle sent tho canoe slant ingly towards tho weeds. As sho divorgod from her course, Blue Peter stood croot, and raising his right arm, with all tho muscles swolling out liko knots and lumps of iron, darted tho harpoon, as it appeared to mo, into tho contro of tho moving woods. In stantly there was a great splash and pluugo, and.tho cuuoe rockod upon u wave, which scattered tho .flouting herbagoi so, that I saw disappearing in tho water tho broad brown back of a oronture as large as a oow. • Blue Peter, tho instant he struck:, sank again upon his knee a, and snatching lip tho paddle, prepared. to move. Meantime I could suo nothing of tho harpoon, for it had been carriod undor water. Tho. MoBquito mon theq talked to each othor in their own touguo, pointing to. the direction iii which the muuatoe uppoarod to ha ve divod, and then began to paddle lustily. About five minutes might have elapsed, ,\vhou Bluo Peter ex claimed ,4 Ho !—there l”' pointed. T, looking in the samo direction, descried tho staff of tlie liurpoon scorning to fly along tho flurfneo of tho water, the round bob wood throwing up n foam 2ft, high. Then tho Mosquito-men pulled hard in ohasa. I could never havo thought that their gaunt, brown bodies had so much strongth in thorn. Tho mueclos of thoir naked arms and chests 8traiued and swolled, the paddle-shafts cracked, /and tho canon acomod at every ntroko to to lifted out of tho water. Still thoy did not gain upon tho harpoon towed by tho manatee, but, on tho contrary, rather lost, no that I began to fear that wo would never bog olther harpoon or quarry; but, on a suddon, the motion of the former stopped, and it floated tranquilly upon tho water. Tho manatee, boing fatigued, had Bunk to tho bottom, and lav there. Wo now paddled carefully up, and Blue Peter caught tho staff, and begun to poll upon the line. Imme diately that tho wounded creature folt tho Braart, it started again. I saw tho lino vibrate and stretch out in a direction abeam of tho aunoe; bnt, in a moment, Jack, who held tho steering-paddlo, swopt the bows round in tho direction taken by tho mannteo* while Blue Poter fastened tho lino to the prow of tho canoe. Thero was a jerk or two, though nob so much as I ex pected, and straightway wo began to movo ahead, Potor crouching in tho bows, signing to Jack how to steer. For near a quarter of, uu honr did tho wounded beast drag us through the water, sometimes so swiftly that tho foam whizzed past, us—nuon changing his courno so suddenly, that had not tho canoe been steered with perfect skill he would haro dragged ns under water.. Then, his strength be ginning to abb from him fast, wobuulednpon the line, and gradually closed with our prey, whoso blood was now reddening tho water, i I pitied the poor croature, ns he put his head aboro tho surface, and grunted and moaned after his fashion, but ho was soon out of his pain. Slipping alongside of the carcass, Blue Peter passed his long knife around its throat, and after one or two struggles and plunge*, tho munateo turned over upon its back, dead. Wo towed him ashore, and securing him to a tree, presently paddled off iu search of more gamo of tho same sort. But upon the whole,- I bettor loved our fishing expeditions than the hunt of tho manatee. Tho poor defenceless' bmto always inspired mo with pity. Thero is a meekness about, his face which moves one. Ho makes no attempt to turn to bay or show fight; but is slaughtered as unresistingly as a calf, and the haunts ho loves are tho muddy and unwholesome canals among the mangrove swamps. But in spearing fish we often rowed down tho bay to tho rocky points and ledges of reef which formed tho outer most horns of tho-lagoon'. ■ There tho clear, i blue sea, spangled by tho merry strength of the sen-breeze, stretched inimitably out, and tho everlasting surf flung aloft its clouds of sparkling apruy, high up among the rocks, now and thou-giving the burhesa tasto of tho navour of brine. It was in the fitill pools nnd channels, formed by break water’s of rock, that tho ounce was then nuviguti.il. Let tho seu breezo ho blowing, and the surging swells bo tossing in* as hard nnd fast as they might, thero was always calm water behind the reefs—so calm mid bo clear ! I might think that I was looking into tho swirlings of our trout-pool in tho Bal wcario Burn, but for the bright, jagged coral, and the strange sen-weeds at tho bottom, and tho still stranger fishes floating, ns it were, iu pure mid air, but a fathom down beuenth tho keel of tho canoe. Gliding over these tmnsluoont waters, sometimes bo raping the battered sido of our skiff against tho rough coral edges; sometimes receiving a sparkling shower of spray when a bigger wave thun ordinary burst upon tho outside reef, tho Mosquito men wore in their glory. Bluo Petor stood erect in tho bow, his black, flashing eyes fixed on the water aa though ho would note every scollop iu tho edge of tho jagged sea-weed, or every wavy ridgo on tho bed of white sand, nnd his long thin flali-spear darting occasionally down into tho flood to be" straightway drawn, bending and quivering, back with a noble fish, writhing and floundering, impaled | upon tho . barbs. Always upon thoso expeditions I kept a good look out seaward, and often mounted pin nacles of rock that I might have tho bettor view. Onco or twice I saw a sail, apparently set on board a small- vessel slipping quickly down to tho westward, or beating painfully to windward; but tho barques wore too far at eoa for mo to make out uught of their charac ter or country. During tho period of my sojourn in His paniola it was our custom to spond the evening together in tho principal hut—that which was first' constructed, and which was of au ample bigness. Hero, seated round a great cheat, which served for a table, we smoked our pipes, drank pretty deep draughts of tho rich palm wine, and told in turn stories of our lives and adventures, Tho hut being only wattled, and that very imperfectly, the strong land breeze blow through and through it, causing tho flame of our solitary lamp to wavor and flicker, and not uufrequontly putting it out altogether. * Wo sat upou bundles mndo of our clothes, or heaps of dried grass, and must, iu sooth, havo appeared a parcel of strago ragamuffins, with our fucos hurt to mahogany colour by tho sun; our hair and beards long, tangled, anil matted : and our clothes, being coarso doublets nnd short jackets cut in uncouth shapes, and often red and greasy with tho blood and fat of tlio animals which it was our business to kill. Stout Jem, being reckoned tho head and commaudur of our party, sat on a kind of settle for a throne, and tho rest of us crowded as near tlio great chest as wo could, tho two Mosquito men excepted, who commonly flat apart squatted on their hams, and speaking to each other softly in thoir own tongue. Sometimes wo would play dice on those oveniugs, not for money, of which wo had none, hut for tho carcasses of tho cattlo which wo had killed and flayed; but ns tho play was .always fair and the dice truo, it was gene rally found that no one either lost or gained much iu tlio long run. It was, however, tho story - tolling nights I'loved tho best. Many of tho tales then told were indeed very vulgar nml common, and unworthy of being , recorded,. turning sololy . upon butcheries of tho Spaniards at sea, and upon great seasons of dobauoli, after a successful cruise, in Tortiigus or Jamaica. Not a low tales were told of ghosts and onions, and such extravagances, which tho superstitious nature of sailors causes thorn to believe and to hearken greedily to. I heard many such histories both at this time and afterwards, aud I design to insert ono here, not because 1 think it at all crcdiblo, hut because it is a very good speoimou of tho histories of ghosts, phantoms, mid other supernatural appoaranuea which were current among tho buccaneers. This story was told bj- Stout Jem very solemnly, and listened to with no less eagerness, and in recounting it I willondoavour to put the matter into the narrator's words, of which, for an unculti vated seaman, he lmd a good flow. Stout Jem called his h story v“ Tlio Legend of Foul-. AVoathor Don," and to it I will devote the next chapter. 