[?] JAMESBRAITHWMTE THE SUPERCARGO. An Exciting Sea Story. chapter ii. 1 may as well here give an account . of tiio Barbara, and how I came on board lief. Deprived of my father, who was killed in battle just as I was going up: to the University, and-left me with very limited means, I was offered a situation as clerk in a counting-house Of a distant relative, Mr. Janrin. I had no disinclination to mercantile pursuits; I ; looked upon them, if carried out in a proper spirit, as worthy of a tim of intellect, and I therefore gladly accepted the offer. As ray. mother lived in the country, my kind jOOUsin invited me to, come and, reside, .yith hiuii advantage which I highly;-. Jmreeiated. Everything was con-. ' qpHed in his. /hoiise with clockwork mgularity. 'If the wdather was raiiiy, his coaih dreW up tb the door at the exact hour, if the whatlier was fine, the sernt stood ready with the master's \- speBr, hat, and gloves, and ; golden- headed catie, without which Mr. Jan rin never went abroad. Not that he required it to 'support his steps, but it was the-'tnark'bf a gentleman. It had superse'edbd the sword which he had worn ili' his yoiith. I soon got to like these regular ways, and .found them for pleasanter than the irregularity of some houses where I had visited. I always "accompanied Mr. Janrin when he walked, a, nd derived great benefit from his conversation, and though he offered -me -a seat in his coach in bad weather, I saw that he was better pleased when I Went on foot. " Young men require' exfefcise, and should not pamper themselves, " lie observed, " but James, 'I say, put a dry pair of shoes in your pocket — therein is wis dom ; and don't sit in your wet ones all day." Thus it will be seen that I was treated ;.by foy worthy principal from the firsas a relative, and a true friend he was, to me. . But I was, introduced into the mysteries of mercantile affairs by Mr/ jGifegory Thursby, the head clerk. - He : lived over the counting-, house, and on my first appearance in: it, before any of -the other -clerks arrived, he was there to. receive me. He took me round' at the various desks and explained the business transacted at each qf them. ; " And :there, Mr.. James, look there," he said, pointing to a line of ponderous folios on a shelf within .easy distance Of where he him self sat : ' see, we have Swift's works, a handsome edition too, eh !" and he chuckled, as he; spoke. " Why, I fancied they were ledgers," Isaid. ; Ha ! ha ! ha ! so they are, and yet Swift's works, for all that; those _ of my worthy predecessor, Jeremiah '-Swift, every line of them written by his own hand, in his best style ; sol call them Swift's works. You are not the first person by a great many I have taken in. Hai hla ! ha !" Thfo was one of the worthy man's harmless conceits. He never lost an opportunity Of indulging' in the joke to his own amusement, and I remarked that he laughed as heartily the last time he uttered it as the first. 1 set to Wotk diligeiitly at once on the tasks giyen me. and was rewarded by the approving remarks of'Mr. Jan rin and Mr. Thursby. Mr. Gairarc, had long ago not only left the business, but this world ; the " Co," was his nephew, Mr.' Luttridge, who was absent on account of ill-health,- thus the whole weight of the business fell upon the shoulders ! of Mr. Janrin. But, as Thursby remaiked, " he can well support it; Mr;-- James. He's i!ah Atlas. It's my belief that lie would manage the financial - affairs of this - kingdom" better -than any Chaiicellor Of the Exchequer, or other minister of . the statej hast dr'.present ; and that if he had been at the head of affairs, we should not have lost the North Ameri can coldnies, or have got plunged over head and , ears in debt as we are, alack! already; and now, with the war raging/and all the world, in arms against us, getting deeper and deeper into the mire." Without holding in'y worthy principal in such deep admir ation ascour head clerk evidently did, I had a -most sincere regard aiic respect for him. Our dinnfer hour : was one o'clock, in a room1 over; the' office. Mr. J anrin, himself presided, and' all the clerks, from the highest to the lowest, sat at the boafd. Here, however, on certain' occasions; handsome dinners were given at a more fashionable hour to any friends or correspondents of the house who might be in London. Mr. Thursby took the foot of the table and I was always expected to be present. At lengh I cdmpleted two years of servitude in the house, and by that tiuie Was thoroughly tip to all details of the business. I had been very diligent. 1 liad never taken a holiday , aitd n.e veil |iAd cause to ' absent myself from buspiesp on; account of ilhhealJi. On the very day I speak of, we had one of those dinners I have just mentioned. The guests were 1 ehiefl) merchants or planters from the -West L Indies, witha foreign consul or two and M,t'ew masters of merchantmen. Several people hald been announced. H'en miuutes, generally brought the Khole together. I caught the iianie.'of ne — Captain. Hassall. He was a Kranger.'a strongly built man with a m-burnt countenance and bushy Hhiskers r, nothing remarkable about Km, exctipt; -pPhaps, frbe determined Pxpressiuii 'of liiiJ eye and mouth. His brow i was good, and- altogether I liked his looks, and was glad-to find myself seated next to him. He had been to all parts of the world, and had spent some time in the -Indian arid China seas. He gave me graphic accounts of the strange people of those regions ; and fights ; with Chinese and Malay pirates, battles of a more regular order with French and Spanish privateers, hurricanes or typhoons. Shipwrecks and exciting adventures of all sorts seemed matters of every-day occur rence. A scar on his cheek, and anotbjer across his band;- showed that he had been at close quarters, too, on some occasion, with the enemy. Mr. Janrin and Mr. Thursby both paid him much attention during dinner. Allusions were made- by him to a trad ing : vriyage he had performed in the service of the firm, and it struck me from some remarks he let drop that he fras about to undertake another of a sirinlalr character. I was not mistaken. After : dinner, when the : rest of the guests were gone, he remained behind to discuss particulars, and Mr. Janrin desired me to join the conclave. I was much- interested in all I heard. A large hew ship, the Barbara, had been purchased, of which Captain Hassall had become part owner. She was now in dock fittihg for sea. She mounted ten carriage guns and four swivels, and was to be supplied with a propor tionate quantity of small arms, and to be well manned. A letter of marque was to be obtained for her, though she was not to fight except in a case of necessity ; , while her cargo was to be assorted arid-suited to various localities. She was to visit several places to the east of the Cape of Good Hope, and to proceed on to the Indian Islands and China. "Arid how do ycu like the enterprise, James ? " asked Mr. Janrin, after the captain had gone. " I have not considered the details sufficiently to give an -opinion, sir," I answered. " If all turns out as the captaiii expects, it must be very pro fitable, but there are difficulties to be overcome, and dangers to be encoun tered,: and much loss may be in curred." I sa|w Mr. Janrin and the head clerk exebarige glances, and nod to each other.; I fancy that they were nods of approval at what I had said. . " Then, James, you would not wish to engage in it in ariy capacity ? " You would; rather not encounter the dangers and difficulties of such a voyage ? " "That is a very different matter sir," I answered, "I should very much ; like tq visit the countries you speak of, and the difiiculties I cannot help see ing would enhance the interest of the voyagq." Again the principal and clerk ex changed glances and nodded. " What do you say then, James, to taking charge of the venture as super cargo ? My belief is that you will act with discretion and judgment as to its disposal, and that we shall have every reason to be satisfied with you. Mr. Thirsby agrees with me. Do you not Thursby ?" "I feel sure that Mr. James will bring no discredit on the firm sir," answered Mr. Thursby, smiling at me. " On the contrary, sir, no young man that I am acquainted with is so Ukely to conduce to the success of the enter prise." I was highly gratified by the kind remarks of my friends, and expressed my thanks accordingly, at the same time that I begged I might be allowed, two days for consideration ; I desired, of course, to consult my mother, and was aiixious also to know what an other would have to say on the sub ject. She, like a sensible girl, agreed with me, that it would be wise to en dure the separation for the sake of securing, as I hoped to do, ultimate comfort and independence. I knew from the way "hat she gave this advice that she did not love me less than I desired. . I need say no more than that her confidence was a powerful stimulus to exertion and perseverance in the career; I had chosen. My mother was far more doubtful about the matter. Not till the morning after I had riientioned it to her did she say " Go, hay soil ; may God protect you and bless your enterprise !" ; Captain Hassall was as active in ; his department as I was in mine, and we soon had tie 'Barbara ready for sea with a | tolerably good crew. In those stirring days of warfare it was no easy matter T to man a merchantman well, but Captain Hassall had found several men who had sailed with him on pre vious Voyages, and they without diffi- culty - persuaded others to ship on board the Barbara. Our first officer, Mr. Randolph, was a gentleman in the main , and a very pleasant companion. Our second mate Ben, or rather " Beujie" Stubbs, as he was usually callea, was nearly as broad as lie was long, with puffed out brown cheeks wearing an invincible smile. He was a man of one idea ; lie was satisfied with being a thorough seaman and nothing else. The third mate, Henry Irby, had very little the appear ance of a sailor, though- he was a very good one. He was slight in figure, and refined . in: his manners, arid seeined, I foucied, borii to a higher position than that which he held. He had served for two years before the mast, but his rough associates during that time had not been able in any way to alter him. Our surgeon, David G wynne, was, I need scarcely say, a Welshman. He had not much professional experience, but he was ari intelligent young man. Curiduslas it may 'seem, there were two men among the' crew who by .birth owere superior to any of . us. . I may, perhaps, have more to say about ' them- by-and-by. We mtistered, officers arid riien, forty hands all told. I will pass over the leave-takings j with all the dear ones at home. I j knew and felt that true prayers, as well as kind wishes, would follow me wherever I might go. " James," said my kind employer as I parted from him, " I trust you thoroughly as I would my own son, if I had one. I shall not blame you if the enterprise does not succeed. You know all about it my dear boy, you'll do well, and we shall have you back here hearty and strong, with informa tion successfully to guide Garrard, Janrin, and Co., in many an important speculation ; and moreover, I hope, to lay the foundation of your own fortune. Good-bye, good-bye; Heaven bless you,: my boy !" . I certainly could not have com menced my undertaking under better auspices. Having obtained the neces sary permission of the Honourable East India Company to trade m their territories, the Barbara proceeded to Spithead, and I ran down to pay a flying visit to my friends, which was the cause of my joining the ship at Spithead in the way I have described, and where I left my readers to give these necessary explanations. The convoy was standing on under easy sail to allow the scattered vessels to come up, and as long as there was a ray of daylight they were seen taking up their places. Now and then, after dark, I could see a pkamton form gliding by ; some tall Indiaman, or heavy store-ship, or perhaps some lighter craft, to part with us after crossing the line, bound round Cape Horn. The heat was considerable, and as I felt no inclination to turn in, I continued pacing the deck till it had struck six bells in the first watch. Mr. Randolph, the senior mate, had charge of the deck. He, I found, was not always inclined to agree with some of the opinions held by our captain. " He's a fiue fellow, our skipper, but full of fancies, as you'll find ; but there isn't a better seaman out of the port of London," he ob served as he took a few turns along side me. "I have a notion that he believes in the yarns of the Flying Dutchman, and of Old Boody, the Portsmouth chandler, and in many other such bits of nonsense, but as I was saying— — " : " What, don't you?" I . asked, in terrupting him; "I thought all sailors believed in such tales." The captain had been narrating some of them to us a few evenings before. " No, I do not," answered the first mate, somewhat sharply. " I believe that God made this water beneath our feet, and that He sends the wind which sometimes covers it over with sparkling ripples, arid at others stirs it up into foaming seas, but I don't think he lets spirits or ghosts of any sort warider about cloing no good to anyone. That's my philosophy. I don't intend to believe in the stuff till I see one of the gentlemen ; and then I shall look pretty sharply into his character before I take my hat off to him." " You are riglit,r Mr. Randolph, and - I do not suppose that the captain differs much from, you. He only wishes to guard again mortal enemies, and he has shown that lie is iu earliest thinking that there is some danger by having come on deck every half hour or oftener during the night. There he is again." Captain Hassal stood before us ; " Cast loose and load the guns, Mr. Randolph, and send a quarter-master to serve out the small arms to the watch." He said, quietly, "There has been a sail on our quarter for some minutes past, which may pos sibly be one of the convoy, but she may not. Though she carries but little canvass she is creeping up to us." The mate -and I while talking haid not observed the vessel the Captain, pointed out. ;" The skipper has sharp, eyes," said the first mate, as he parted from me to obey the orders he had received. Our crew "had been fre quently exercised at the guns. Having loaded and run them Out, the watch came tumbling aft to tbe arm chest. Cutlasses were buckled on and pistols quickly loaded, arid boarding pikes placed along the bulwarks ready for' use. The men did not exactly under stand ;what all this preparation was for, but that was nothing to them.; 'It signified fighting, and most British seamen are ready for that at any time. The captain now joined me in my walk. " It is better to be prepared, thought nothing come of it, than to be' taken unawares," he observed, "it is the principle I have gone on, and as it is a sound one, I intend to con tinue it as long as I live." Gradually the sails of a ship with tall raking masts became visible. " That craft is not one of our co:.i- voy, and I doubt that she com es anion gst us for any good purpos/ ," exclaimed the captain ; "I should like to bring the frigate down upon the fellow, but we should lose our share iof the work, and I think -that we can manage him ourselves. Call the starboard watch, Mr. Stubbs." The men cairie tumbling up from" below, rather astonished at, being .so soon called. The other officers were also on deck. Mr. Randolph agreed that the stranger, which hung on orir quarter like £onie ilboinened bird of prey, had an exceedingly suspicious appearance, ,arid that we were only acting with ordinary prudence in being prepared for him. ! " The fellow won't fire as he would bring the frigate down 'upon him if lie did," observed the firsl mate; "he will therefore either rUn alongside in the 'hopes of 'surprising! us, an.d taking us by briarding. before we have time to fire a pistol, which would, attract, notice;' or, shoufo .the wind fall light, he. may hope; to cut us out with Ins ; i boa<&" - V'K ' ; : : - Eight bells struck. AVe could hear the .sound bourne faintly over the waters from two of the Indiamen to windward of us, but no echo came from the deck of the stranger. The men were ordered to lie down under the bulwarks till wanted. Had Cap tain Hassrill thought fit, we might, by making sail, have got out of dangar, but he had hopes that instead of being taken by the stranger he might take him. It struck me that we might be running an unwarrantable risk of get ting the vessel or cargo injured by allowing ourselves to be attacked. " Not in the least," answered the captain ; " we serve as a bait to the fellow, atid shall benefit directly by catching him. If we were to give the alarm he would be off like a shot, and depend on it he has a fast pair of heels, or he would not venture in among us, so that the frigate would have little chance of catching him." The truth is, Captain Hassall had made up his mind to do something to boast of. Orders were now given to the men to remain perfectly silent ; the stranger was drawing closer and closer ; grapnels had been ; got ready to throw on board him, and to hold him fast should it be found advisable. It was, however, possible that his crew might so greatly outnumber ours that this would prove a dangerous proceed ing. As to our men, they knew when they- shipped that they might have to fight, and they all seemed in good heart, so that we liad no fear dn the score of their failing us. Our officers were one and all full of fight, though each exhibited his feelings in a differ ent way. The surgeon's only fear seemed to be that the stranger would prove a friend instead of a foe, and that there would be no skirmish after all. " She's some craft one of the other vessels has fallen in with, and she has just joined compariy for protection," he observed. " For my part I shall turn in, as I am not likely to be wanted, either to fight or to dress Wounds." The wind, which had much fallen had just freshened up again. " What ever he is, friend or foe, here he comes,'' exclaimed Mr. Randolph. " Steady lads," cried the captain, " don't move till I give the word." As he spoke the stranger glided up, her dark sails appearing to tower high above ours. We kept on our course as if she was not perceived. With one sheer she was alongside, there was a crash as her yards locked with ours, and at the same moment numerous dark forms appeared in her rigging and nettings about to leap to our deck. " Now give it them," cried our cap tain . Our men sprang to their feet and fired a broadside through the bul warks of our enemy. The cries and shrieks which echoed back showed the havoc which bad been caused. Shouts and blows, the clash of cutlasses, the flash of pistols immediately followed. I felt a stinging sensation in my shoul der, but was too excited to think any thing of it as. I stood, cutlass in hand, ready to repel our. assailants. Many of those who were about to board us mubt have sprang back, or fallen into the water ; a few only, reached our deck, who was at once cut down by our people. One man sprang close to where I stopd. I was about to fire my pistol at hirii, when I saw that he was unarmed, so I dragged him across the deck out of harm's way." The next instant the vessels parted. " Give it them, my lads ! Load arid fire as fast as you can, or they will es cape us," cried the captain in an ex cited tone. " Wing them ! wing them! knock away their spars, lads!" He next ordered the helm to be put down, the tacks hauled aboard, and chase to be made after our flying foe, while a blue light was burned to show our locality, and to prevent the frigate from firing into us when she followed, as we hoped she would. We had no doubt that the enemy, when he met with the warm reception we had given him, took -us for a man- of-war corvette, and on this came to the conclusion that prudence was the best part of valour. There could be little doubt, however, that he would soon discover that our guns were of no great size ; and then possibly he might turn on us and give us more of his quality than was ' desirable. Still we kept on peppering away at him as fast as we could, in the hopes of bringing down one of his masts, and enabling the frigate to come up. The lights of the convoy were, however, by this time almost lost sight of. Iu vain we looked out for a signal of tbe approach of the frigate. No gun was heard, no light was seen. We were afraid of losing the convoy altogether, and cer tainly it would have been against the spirit of our instructions to have at tempted to deal single- handed with our opponent. Give the enemy a parting shot more reluctantly. Captain Hassell therefore ordered the helm to be put up, and back in the direction in which we expected to find the convoy. (To be Continued.) 