Folk-tales for Little Folk. Br UNCLE WILL.. j Borne of you bigger boye muet know that the population of the United Kingdom waa made np of two raoea. There were the primitive inhabitant«-the aboriginals who oooupied the land when first we hear of it in history. ? boy were ths,ancient Britons, and were an older race than those whom the Homans found in the country. Then the latter, who, like the former, were Celts, were subdued, and their numbers .lessened by in- vasions of Angles, Saxons, Danes,' Normans, known by the general name of Teutons, though there was a dash of < eltic blood among them. The Celts are a more imaginative people than the Teutons, so we find that wherever the former settled stories of fairies are more numerous and realistic They were driven baok by the invaders, and stood at bay in Wales, Cornwall, and the Highlands of Scotland ; hence we find fairy lore prominent among them. Yet it is averred the Celts knew nothing ab mt the fairy-folk till they heard of them from their conquerors, and aa a proof of this it is pointed that in the very oldest Celtic writingH, though imaginative and Ïoetio, there ls no mention of them. The rish are perhap« the purest of the Celtic rsoes, but they were lively and inventive, and readily appropriated the ideas about fairies presented by t- estrangcrswhoheld intercourse with them. The Little People, aa they were called in the Green Isle, were'usually not more than a couple of feet high, and oftener when seen they were more diminutive. Io Munster they were sometimes the sisé of men and women. Tiley could make themselves visible and invisible at will to mortals. On apecial evenings they were accustomed to hold high holiday, and could be aeen riding over the downs and across the bogs on tiny steeds caparisoned in splendid panoply. They were generally dressed In the popular national colour-green, and wore red caps. Music they were fond of, but were seldom aeen danoing. While classed among the fallen angels, they were regaraed as not so wioked as those condemned to the lower regions. Even among them there were good and bad. Some were Inclined to be malevolent. People stood in awe of the whole race, and called them, in placatory terms, "The Good People," ana "Toe Gentry." When an Irishman met a little cloud of duBt, or a whirlwind on the road, he would say, "God speed yon, gentlemen." They thought these dusty vehicles were fairy carriages. Were that the ease, we might conclude we had a great many fairies in Australia, and 1 rühmen at certain seasons in Hookhampton might soon wear ont their hats taking them off to passing whirlwinds. Besides tho ordinary fairies who went about in companiea, there were solitaries like the Boggart, Kobold, Nixes, Ac. The Clurioann in County Cork used tc haunt nouses, and assist the maids if they were kind to bim. If they were neglectful he would pull them out of bed at night and pummell them. A Quaker gentleman was changing bia residenoe and shifting bis furniture, to get quit of a Clurioaun, when Wildbean) os he waa called, cried from an empty cask, " Here, master, hero we all go together 1" " What !" said Mr. Harris, "dost thou go also?" "Yes, to be sure, master ; here, we all go together 1" " In that case, friend," replied Mr. Harris, "let the carts be unloaded; weare just as Well where we are. " There were no Niases or Kelpies on the Irish rivers i but there were Mermen and Mermaids ontha eaa.ooaat. The latter was called M er row, meaning " Sea- maid." When ahe came ashore aha laid aside not her sealskin dress, bot a cap called Cobuleen Drinth, without which she could not return to her watery abode. Sometimes men wooed aud won thees lair- ladies, and some Irish families are said to be descended from them. '1 here wss a little mischievous fairy called The Pooka, who behaved like the English Puok and Hobin Ooodfellow. The most remarkable of the fairy tribe In Ireland was the Leprechaun, who was a wee old super- natural cobbler. If you could oaten him, keep eyes ou him, and threaten him, be would part with eome of his wealth, for.he is a miser ; but the trouble was to keep him in sight, for in a wink he waa gone. Now, I fanoy you are wearying for stories, BO here are two: CLEVER TOM AND THE LEPRECHAUN. Oliver Tom Fwich-(i.e. Fitxjpathriek, aa people used to oall bim, waa the eldest soo o' a comfortable farmer, who lived nigh band to Morristown-Lattio, not far from the .Liffey. Tom waa jist turned o' nine-auVtwlnty, whin he met wid the foll j in' advinthur, an he waa as oliver, elane, tight, good-lokin' a boy as any in the whole county Kildare. Ose fine day in barvist (it was a holiday) Tom waa '. takin' a ramble by himsilf thro* tbs land, an' wiut sanntherin' along the' auony side nv a hi ige, an' thinkln' in himsilf, whare ld be the grate barm if people, in»tid nv lalla' ah' gola' about doin'notban' at all, war to shake ont the bay, an' bind and a took th' oats that we« lyin' an the ledge, 'specially aa the weather was railher brokin uv late, whin all uv a Buddint he h'ard a olackln* eortV nita jilt a little way fornlnt him, in the nuga. " Dear me," said Tom, "but isn't it now raaly surprisin' to hear the stonech»t»ers atngin' so late in the saison." So Tom atole an, goto' on the tips o' his toes to thry iv he oud git s sight o' what was makin' the n'ise, to see iv he was right in his guess. The n'ise stopt i but aa Tom Inked sharp thro' the bushes, what did be aee in a neuk o' the bidge but a brown pitober that might honk) about a gallon an' a half o' liquor ; an' bye and bye he seen a little wee decoy dawny blt iv an ould man, wid a little snotty iv a cocked hat stack an the top iv his head, an' a deeshy dauahy leather apron hangln' down afore him, an' he pulled out a little wooden stool, en'atud np upon it, and dipped a little plggen into the pitober, an' tuk out the full av it, an* pat lt beside the stool, an' thin sot down undoer the pitcher, an' begun to work at pattin' a heel Eieoe an a bit iv a brogue j let fittin' far imsilf. " Werl, by the powers 1" said Tom to himsilf, " I aften hard tell o' the Leprechauns' au', to tell God's truth, 1 nivir rightly believed in thlm, but here's Won o' rnlm in right airnest ; il I go knowin'ly to work, Tm a med man. They ssy a body mast nivir take their eyes efl* o' thlm, or they'll esoapev' Tom now stole an a little farther, wid hit eye fixed an the little man jlst aa a oat does wid a mouse, or, es we read tn booka, tho rattlesnake does wid the birds he wants to inchanr. So, whin he got np quite close to him, "God bless your work, honest man," ses Tom. The little man raised np hit head, an' "Thank you kindly," ses he. '1 wuudher you'd be workin' an. the holiday." a» Tom. ' ' That's my own business, an' none of yours," was the reply, short enough. " Well, may be, thin, you'd be civil enough to tell ns, what you've got in the pitcher there," Bez Tom. " Aye, will I, wid pleasure,' era ho : " it's good beer." " Beer I" sss Tom : "Blud an'turf, man, whare did ye git itt" .' Whare did I git it, is L r why I med it to be enure ; an' what do ye tblok I med it av ?" " Oivil a one o' me knowe," set Tom, " but av malt, I 'apose ; what ilse ?" "1 Tia there I you're out ; I med lt »v haith. " "Av haith 1" «ez Tom, buratin' out langhin'. " Shara you don't take me to be »loh an omedhaun a« to b'lleve that !" " Do ai ye plue," «er he, " bat what I tell ye ii the raal thrnth. Did ye nivir bear tell o' the Dane*?' "To be ahure I did," «ez Tom, "wern't thlm the chap« wegevauoh a llokln' whin they thought to tako Derry from hutt" "Hem," withe little man dhryly, " ia that all ye know about the matther ?" " Wall, ^but about thlm Dane«," aez Tom. "Why all tb' about thlm ia,'' «aid he, "la that whin they war hera they taught hui to make beer out o' the halth, an' the aaiaret'a in my family Mr anna*." I " Will yegtv, » body a taita -o! yoi bear to thryf MC Tom. " I'll tell ye whet lt is, i yoong DID. It id be fltther for ye to be lnkin' slthtr yer father's proptrty thl'n to ba botherln' daotnt, quite people wid yer foolish questions. There, now, while you're idlln' .way yer time here, there's th: cowa hav' bruk Into th' oats, an' are knooklu' the oorn all about." , Tom was taken ao by surprise wid this, that he wai jist an the very point o' turnin' round, whin he reoollioted hinuiil. So, afeared that the like might happln agin, he med a grab at the Lepieohaun, an' ootoh him up in bis hand, but in his hurry he ovlrset the pitoher, and spilt all the beer, so that he couldn't git a ' taste uv lt to tell what sort it was. He thin ?wore what he wouldn't do to him iv ho didn't ?how hm whare his moDey was. Tom Inked ?o wicked, an* so bloody- minded, that the little man waa quite frightened. " So," sea he. " come along wid me a couple o' nelda afT, an' I'll Dhow ye a crook o' gould." So they wint, an' Tom held the Leprechaun fast in his hand, an' niver tuk bis eyes from aft* uv him, though they bad tc onus hidgcs an' ditches, an' a cruked bit uv a bog (for t:ie Leprechaun seemed, out o' pure mischief, to pick out the hardest and most oonthrairy way), till at last they come to a grate field all full o' bolyawn btùe», an' the Leprechaun pointed to a big bolyawn, an' aez be, " Dig undher that bolyawn, an' you'll git a orosk chuck full o' goulden guineaa." Tom, in hie hurry, had nivir minded the brinkin' a fack wid him. so he thought to ruo home and fetoh one, an' that he might know the place agin, he tuk aff one o' his red garthere, and tied it round tho bolyawn. " I s'pose," sez the Leprechaun, very civilly, " ye've no further occaehin fur me !" " No," sez Tom, "ye may go away now, if ye like, and God Bpeed ye, an' may good luck attiuil Îe wbareivir ye go." " Weil, good bye to ye, 'om Fwichpathrick," sed the Leprechaun, " an' much good may ye do wid what ye'll git." 80 Tom run fer the bare life, till he come home, an' got a faek, an' thin away wid him a« hard as he could pilt beck to the field o' bolyawns ; hut whin he got there, lo an' behould, nota bolyawn in Ure field, but had a red garther, the very idintioal model o' hie own, tied about it ; an' as to diguin' up the whole field, that was all nonainse, fur there was more nor twinty good Irish acres in it. 80 Tom come home agio wid his fack an bia ahouldber, a little cooler nor he whit ; and macy's the hearty curse he gev the Leprechaun ivry time he thought o' the nate turn he carved bim. THE LKPKECHADN IN THE GARDEN. There's a sort o' people thst every body most heve met wid enmtime or another. Ï Dame thim people that parttnds not to b'lieve in things that in their hearts they do b'lieve in, an' are mortially »feared o' too. Now Bailey Mooney waa one o' these. Failey (iv any o' yez knew bim) was a rollocktn', cattlin', dlvil-may-oare sort ov a chap like bat that's neither here nor there ; he was always talkie' one nonslnse or another ; an' among the rest o' his fooleries, he purtind<d not to b'lieve in the fairies, the Leprechauns, an' the Poooas, an' he evin Bumtimes had the impedince to purtiud to doubt o' ghosts, that every body b'lievee ie, at any rate. Vit som people used to wick an' luk knowin' whin Failey waa Rostherin', fur it waa obsarved that he was mighty shy o' crassln' the foord o' Ahnamoe af ther nightfall ; an' that whin oust be was ridiu' past the auld churoh o' Tipper in the dark, tho' he'd got enough o' pottheen into him te make any man stout, he med the horse trot ea that there was no kcepin' up wid him, an' iv'ry now an' thin he'd throw a sharp luk ont ovir his lift ahouldbsr. Well, one night there was a parcel o' the neighbours sittin' dhrinkin' an' taUin' at Larry Reilly'a public-house, an' Failey was \ one o' the party. He was, as nsual, gittin' an wid his nonsinse au' baladrrdssh about the fettles, an' awearin' that he didn't b'lieve ther* was any live things, barrio' miu an' bastes, an' birds and fiihes, an' sioh like things os a body cud see, aa' he winton talkin' in so profane a way o' tho good peop'e, that som o' the company grew timid an' begun to cress thimsilves, not knowin' what might happin', whin an ould woman called Mary Hogan wid a long blue oloak about her, that waa sittin' in the chimbly comer amokin' ber pipe widout Ukin' the laste share in the ' conversation, tuk the pipe out o' her mouth* an' threw the ashea nut o' it, an' spit in the fire, an' turnin' round, Inked Failey straight in the face. " An' so y on don't b'lieve there's sich things as Leprechauns, don't ye?" sod she. Well, Failey inked rayther daunted, but bowsumdivir he Bed nothio*. " Why, thin, upon my throth, an' it well becomes tho like, o' ye, an*.that's nothin' but a blt uv a gossoon, to take upon yer to pnrtind not tc b'lieve what yer father, an' yer father's father, an' his father afore him, nivir med the laste doubt uv. Bot to make the matther short, seein' 'a biievin' they say, an' I, that might be yer gran'mother, tell ye there is sich things as Leprechauns, an' wbat'a more, that I myailf seen one o' thim,-there's for ye, now I" All the people in the room Inked quite surprised at this, an' crowded op to the 6re- place to listen to her. Failey thried to laugh, but it wouldn't do, nobody minded him. j *' I remember," ssd she, " som* time afther I married the honest man, that's now dead I and gone, it was by the asme token j ist a little afore I lay in o' my first child (an' that's many a long day ago), I was sittin', as I sed, out in our little bit o' a gardie, wid my knittin' in my hand, watchin' sum bees we had that war goin' to awarm. It was a fine i eanshiny day about the middle a' June, an' the bees war hutnmio' and flyin' backwards \- an' forwards from the hives, an' the klrde war ohirpln' an' hoppiu' an the bushes, an' the huttherfiies war ¿yin' about, au' eittin' an the flowers, an' ev'ry thing smelt so fresh an' BO sweet, sn' I felt so happy, that I hardly knew whare I vasa. Well, all uv a auddiot, I heard among sum rows of bsnes we had In a corner o' the gardin, a n'iae that wlnt tick tack, tick tack, j lat far all the world as iv a brogue maker was puttin' an the heel nv a pump. 'The Lord preserve ns,' sed I to myailf, . what In the world can that be f 80 I laid down my knittin', sn' got up, an' stole ovir to the bsnes, an' nivir believe me iv I didn't see, sittin' right forenint me, in the very middle of tbim, a bit of an onld man, not a quarther io big aa a newborn childi, wid * little cocked bat au bia bead, an' a dudeen in hta month, amnkin' away ; an' a. plain, onld-faahioned, dhrab-coloured ooat, wid big braes bottom upon it, an bia back, an' a pair o' mainy silver buckles in hie iboea, that a'moat covered hie feet they war io bin;, an' be workin' awav aa hard ai ivir he- could; heelio' a little pair o! pumpa. The instant minnit I clapt my two eyea upon him I knew him to be a Leprechaun, au' as I was stout an' foolhardy, a» I to bun ' God a«ve ye honlet man t: that's bard work ye're at this hot day.' He Inked up. in my face quita vexed like I so wid that I med a run at him an''ootch hould o' bim lo my hand, an' axed him whare waa bia purse o' money I ' Money f aed be, 'money amagh I an*' whare on airth id a poor little onld crathar like myailf git money?'' 'Come, ooma/ oed ' uone o' yer thrtcka upon thravellera ; doesn't every body know that Leprechauns, like ye. are all as rloh as the divil himeilf.' 80 I pulled out a knife I'd in my pooket, an' put a« wloked a faoe as Ivtr I could (au' in throth, that was DO aisy matther fur me thin, fur I was as comely au' good-humoured a lukin' girl as you'd see from this to Ballltore)-an' swore by this and by that, If he didn't instantly gi' me his purse, or show me apot o' goold, I'd cut the nose atT his fane. Well, to be shure, the little man did luk so frightened at heariu' thete words, that I a'moat found it in my heart to pity the poor little orathur. 1 Thin,' and he, ' come wid me jilt a couple o' fields äff, an' I'll show ye whare I keep my money.' 80 I wint, atill huuldin' him fast in my hand, an' keepin' my eyes fixed upon him, whiu all o' a auddlnt I h'ard a whiz-z behind me. ' There I there I' oriel be, * there's yat bees all awarmin' an' goiu' aff wid thimallves like blazes.' I, like a fool as I waa, tamed my head round, an' whiu.1 teen nothljt' at all, an' luked baok at the Leprechaun, an' found nothln' at all at all in my band-fur whin I bad the ill look to take ray eyes aff him, ya «oe,, be «lipped ont o' my ungen jUt ai iv he waa med o tog or «moke, an' the «ana tba (nt he irk ooma nigh my garden agin." . 