CARDINAL HANNING. (By W, T, Stead, in ‘‘The Kkyikw ok Kevikws.”) 0X.1VRII CIIOMWKU.. It will probably surprise; most people when I Biiy that the iirst conversation I ever had with tiio Cardinal dwells in my memory chiefly bo cause of tin eulogy which hn pronounced on the churncter of Cromwell. I ntn mi Iudcpcu* dent, and the Bon of an Independent, and I am proud to belong to a denomination which can boast the Lord Protector ns its Hero-Saint. His portrait, paint oil on tin oak panel of tho Bovcm* tcenth century, looks down upon mo from tho walls of my "new sanctum; and his day of “ double victory and death1* (.dial September) ranks with doth January as ono of tho red letter days of my year, hi the coimm of a long and in tores ting conversation tho name of Oliver was mentioned. I said I supposed ho was in scant favour with a Homan Cardinal. • “ You are mistukeu,’1 said lie; •* you are thinking only of Ireland, and what lie did there. I put tint entirely on ono sido. In Ireland Cromwell acted not as a Christian, hut as a Moslem, lint, looking nt him apart from that Irish expedi tion, I have always regarded Oliver Crum well ns tho greatest man over produced by tho English race. No other ruler, hoforo or since, has united in oquul degree such faith in tho Im perial dcutmicrt of England abroad and such passionate concorn for the welfare of tho com mon people at home.” As it is much more to me to bu in agreomont with any one about Cromwell than to agree about the dogma of infallibility, an Anglican friend, to whom 1' re peated tho remark, sneered ns he replied, “How I ml mi re tho wily Cardinal, and how well ho know hi» bird.” Or.lVKIt CROMWELL IS NOT DEAD.” Cardinal Manning never “ puts on Bide.1* There are those who say that in dealing with men of his own faith ho is more of the Pruico of the Church than ho is with those who arc of other communions. Hut so far ns I have aeon him hu has always been the saino—gonial and hoHpitublo. I have so era him at all. hours between 10 nml 10, and never foun I him dis turbed by my intrusion. Possibly if people called upon him meroly for gossip he might ha different. I have usually gone on business of ono kind or another, and have always found him most approachable, full of kindly courtesy and helpful counsel. Speaking ono day of his position in England to a visitor from Homo the Cardinal explained that tho Catholic Church was held in all honour and treated with all re spect in this Protestant country. Ho drew quite an ideal picture of the freedom enjoyed by the Catholics under tho dominion of Iho Queen, nml said: “My priests are a very do voted body of men, .hut so completely 1ms tho ancient prejudice (lied out that I sometimes think that we are oven too well thought of in England, But,” said ho, afterwards, ” I always remind them that our Church in Eng land is respected because it respects the lights of others, and claims nothing for itself boyoml the equal rights enjoy eel by every British citizen. If I wore to claim to exerciso any superiority or ascendancy, or to demand any privilege "which was not possessed by anyone else, what a storm (hero would he! Novel* forget,” said he, “ that iti England Oliver Cromwell is not dead. Ho is only sleeping, and at any moment ho may wako up.” XO.VCONl'OIiirtSTS AND ANGLICAN'S. The Cardinal, ns lie has told tho world many times, was led to tho Church of Romo because ho believed that there alone could ho found ab solute certainty. As there scorns to he nothing more absolutely certain in tho world than that tho Church has been absolutely mistaken in many of the most important issues on which it lms pronounced judgment from (imo to time, there has always been wide room for disoussion. But to tho Cardinal tho Nonconformists are nearer the Catholic Church than tho Angli cans ; and of tho Nonconformists the nearest arc tho Quakers. The Quakers, ho 1ms fre quently said, hold fast to the fundamental truth of tho reality of the work of the Holy Ghost, “Thoy limit tho workings of tho Divine Spirit to tho individual soul of man. All thatthoy need to loam to come into tho fulness of truth is that tho Holy Spirit also works through tho Church of God.” Ho was particu larly ploascd at my recognition of tho Quuker liko character of tho service of tho Catholic Church. Tho morning Mass is u Quakers1 mooting plus a gcnuilccting colebrnnt, whoso presence you need not oven notice if you closo your eyes. Of Nonconformists in general I have always heard him speak in tho kindest terms, fie quoted with approval the Buying of Mr. Lowell, who, on hearing Home one lightly predict tho coming downfall of England, re marked—“ If you know England as I do, you would know that tho Nonconformists have created in tho hearts of tho English people a virile force and strong integrity which will enable England to pass safely through crises which have overwhelmed other empires.” HIS LOVE l-’On CIHLDIIEN. Unlike most Roman ecclesiastics, Cardinal Manning had the advantage of having livod in tho ordinary human* relations. When he speaks of the home us tho sacred foundation of society, lie differs from the normal priest, who by tho conditions of his calling is homeless and wife loss. Cardinal Manning 1ms been married. Ho has had a home. Hois, therefore, not cut off as by an abyss from tho lives of other men. His love for children is with him an abiding pas sion, and it is this which constitutes tho close tio of sympathy between him and Mr. Waugh, the indefatigable director of the .Society for tho Prevention of Cruelty to Children, winch has been ho extraordinarily misrepresented by Dr. Huruardo. It was in concert with Mr. Waugh that the Cardinal published ” The Child of the English Savage”—that terrible paper which first routed tho conscience of our people to their duties to the outcast child. It was through tho Cardinal thufc Her Ma jesty intimated her in tent ion to become patron of Mr. Waugh’s society; and in tho Cardinal Mr. Waugh has found from iirst to last an energetic and in valuable ally in all that holmsstrivon to do for the bench t of the children of England. Many have been tho speculations ns to the figure which tho Cardinal will make in history. Some have pictured him «s the tribune of the poor, others as an incipient Hildebrand, others ns a nineteenth-century Loyola, but I prefer to think of him as the loving-hearted old mmi, who, when his heart is filled with ecslacy after a meditation on tho life and tho love of tho Lord, feels impelled to go forth among the crowds of children playing in the London parks, and silently blesses them in tho name of Him who said, “ Suffer the littlo children to come unto Me, and forbid them not, for of such is tho kingdom of heaven,” IN 18S5. tins timo of the agitation Hint, led to tho passing of the Criminal Law Amendment Act in lSs-j thcCanlinal was my most effective ally. Ho wns to mo from first: to Inst ns a I tower of strength «ml unfailing help in overy timo of need. Jt was ho who suggested the Mansion-house Committee, on which ho subse quently sowed, ami ho covered mo as with a uni old by his gonorous ami his unstinted sup port. I remember at tin cnrly stage in tho pro* eoedings I remarked with n smile that I might timl inyoolf in gaol before tho work was doite. lie reinnrked—** W ell, if so, I will come and seo you there.*’ Ho was not well enough that dis mal and foggy winter toeomo to Holloway, nor was there any need, for tho imprisonment which I had anticipated was of a very dill'eront kind to that which I actually enjoyed. What was feared was that before the work was dune, when no ono understood what was aimed at, I might have boon run in and punished as if I hud actually committed tho crime) I was seek ing to expose. After tho Criminal Law Amoud meat Act was passed, the subsequent trial and imprisonment did not count. Tho only pur peso which they served was to immeasurably in crease tho impression produced by tho original revolutions, and forco ono out of tin anonymity which until then had been so strictly guarded that my ntuno was hardly known to anyone boyond my family and professional circle. 'Cer tainly no benefit which my kindest friend over conferred upon mo has over done mo us much good in overy direction as tho process by winch it was sought to crush mo. Hut it was a trying timo while it lasted, m.d the Cardinal stood by mo through it all in faco of a storm of obloquy • which would have daunted most men, .1 look hack upon that year'with boundless,gratitude to tho in numerable friends, moat of them’ before un known, who Supported ine with a zeal and on ; tliusiasm which 1 was far from deserving. And among my Catholic supporters thcro was nouo so staunch and truo as tho Cardinal. Tho first letter which I received in, Coldbath Fiolds prison, which was given mo at a timo when I was forbidden to* receive any letters, was from the Cardinal. It was a greeting which it was well worth having gonoto gaol to receive, “ November 11, 1885. “ My Hear Mr. Stead,—‘ All things work togother for good to, thorn that love God.’ You have served- Him with a single eye. And tho work has been dono ne you wrote on'tho sen tence. No son twice can undo it. You quoted pjy words in tho North. You have now tho crown uton your work, that is to suffer f errors of judgment and ft H to ml breach of tho law wiiici left tho moral lil’o of England almost vithout defence, I liavo so strongly felt this ind lmvo ho clearly seen through the nnimositi-s against you that I believe what hue now befillen will work some unforeseen ami greater g»od for your consolation. Whatsoever it may le in my power to do shall be done.. May Goi give you His peace.—Believe mo, always y mis very faithfully, Hknhy E,, Card, Nobly did he ftillii his promise. Never have I appealed to him from tout time to this to help mo iu nur work in which we were of one mind that I dal not find him ready to help to the uttenuos- of his power. AN* IMl'KIlIAL ENGLISHMAN. When Mr. Cecil Rhodes wiw Inst in London we had tune talk concerning those Englishmen who really cared for the Empire ami believed iu England, and wore capable of taking wulo views. In my list of those who answered to that description I put the Cardinal at tho top. A truer patriot never breathed English air. During all tho years that I have known him them him never been an effort made to strengthen England abroad or to protect her at home that lie has not been in the forefront. Whether it has boon the strengthening the navy, the defeat of Urn Channel tunnel, tho develop ment of the volunteers, the cheapening of post age over sea, or tho advocacy of Imperial Federation, you could always count upon the Cardinal. In one respect undoubtedly Rom has a beneficial effect upon her clergy. It tends to give thorn a wide outlook. It familiarises them with tho conception of tho world ua a whole, which delivers them from parochialism. You see this in any Irish priest who was educated abroad ; you fool it at every turn in the Archbishop’s palace. But,although the Cardinal corresponds every week in Latin, French, mid Italian, ho only thinks iu English. Hu combines tho spirit of a Palmerston with tho philanthropy of a Shaftesbury, and mingles with both a tenderness and patience | nml kindly sympathy for tho like of which I Juok ingrain among other men. EX ETEIMIALL IN A RED 31 AT. Yet his patriotism and his high Imperialism nover blind him to the claims of Ireland and the rights of tho subject races. Ho is it Homo Itulor to tho heart’s core. No man that I know, not of Irish birth, has so sincere an admiration of the Irish people as Cardinal Maiming. Ireland is to him always the Isle of tho Saints. At tho Vatican Council f ho Irish bishops seem to stand out morally and intellectually above their brethron from other English- speaking lauds. When their faults come to light, ho ex cuses them on tho ground of tho oppression of centuries. Their faults are their oppressors’, thoir virtues are all their own, or rather aro duo to the Catholic Church, which counts tho chit- ; dron of St. Patrick ns its missionary nation. When Archbishop Walsh was being vehe mently abused, ho hastened publicly to take his stand by his side and identify himself with his Irish brother. For Archbishop Crake lie has always entertained a deep personal veneration. But although ho is strong for Home Rule he has constantly set his face as a flint against the dis memberment of tho Imperial Parliament that whs contemplated when "in an evil hour Mr, Gladstone proposed to expel the Irish members from Westminster. It is not only the Irish whom tho Cardinal regards as his clients. All subject races aro to him of peculiar interest. He is indeed a kind of personified Exoter-hall under a. cardinal’s hut. Whether it is for tho abolition of slavery, tho suppression of the slave trade, tho preVention of the sale of drink to the native laces, the Cardinal is always to the fore. Nor aro Ids sympathies limited to those people with whom wo bnvo to do. Far bo it from me to pry into tho mysteries of tho Curia; but it is an open socrot that Cardinal Manning, together with Cardinal Gibbons, 1ms spared no offorfc to convince tho Vatican that tlio day of tho dynasties is past, and that the era of tho peoples has fully dawned. Till: CHRISTIAN* .SOCIALIST. The Social question is to Cardinal Manning the question of questions. The condition of tho people, tho improvement of their homes, tho re moval of their temptations—all questions re lating to tho amelioration of their lot—uro con stant!)* with him. lie is in hot revolt against the stony-hearted bureaucratic machinery of our Poor Law, and ho is so fur a Socialist as to lay down in tho strongest terms that “ a starving man has a natural right to his neigh hour’s bread. So strict is this natural right that it pro vails over all positive law’s of pro perty.” They must know littlo of life, ho is constantly reminding us, ” who do not know what ruin of men and women comes from the straits of poverty.” There is an arimfmMo article in the third volume of his “ Miscella nies” which is entitled “ A Pleading for the Worthless,” which is imbued with tho spirit of Him who camoto^ seek a 1 ill to savo those who are lost. Nor is it only in articles that tho Cardinal preaches. His whole life is devoted to the same task. In the dockers’ strike—of which I say nothing, for the incidents aro so fresh in public memory—he only did on a wider platform, and in sight mid heaving of a larger audience, what ho spends his life iu doing on u smaller scale._ 