'HOW I AWOKE IN HELL.' LEAVES FROM A DEAD MAN'S DIARY. The anonymous dead man, writes our London correspondent, who commenced his pheno menal reminiscences in the Pebruary numt er e\\( T iAJiinr/iftt oplc tn cprinnc hueinAcc in thp iext issue. When be brst returned to lite tbe subject seemed too solemn to turn to account tor copy, and each of the several years which bave elapsed since he died bave taken away some part of the recollections. He asserts, however, that his reminiscences, vague and fragmentary as they are, have been scrupulously kept within tbe accurate limits of his recollec tion. He has never filled in a missing outline but has given the picture exactly as he sees it. Resuming his narrative he tells us that although he remained in the spirit-realm only two days, it seemed to him weeks and months and years since his real death, and the hour that he be came conscious of that death. THE VISION OF MY PAST LIFE. Whether my death was succeeded by a season of slumber, in which certain appointed and divinely-ordered dreams were caused to Ite dreamed by me, or whether God caused the bands on the dial of Time to be put back for a space in order that I might see the past as He sees it, I neither knew or know, but I dis tinctly remember that tbe first thing of which I was conscious after my dissolution was that the events of my past life were rising before me. Yes, it was my past life which I saw in that awful moment, my past life standing out in its own naked and intolerable horror, an abomination in the sight of God and of my own conscience. The hands on the dial of Time - went back half a score, a score, and a half of years, and once more I was a young man of 21. The chambers in which I was then living were situated in one of the well known inns oS Holbom, and the housekeeper of the wing where I was quartered was a widow, who, with her daughter Dorothy, a girl of 17, resided on the premises. The tragedy of poor Dorothy can be im agined without being told. Both were young, impressionable, and opportunity was not lack ing for an acquaintance which a thunderstorm ripened in a moment into ungovernable passion. She occupied the room over bis chamber, and after long struggling with temptation he fell. My passion had but stimulated defeat, as passion often does, in order that it might turn in an unguarded moment, and rend me with re doubled fury. The next moment I saw my last gasping effort to will what was right and true sink amid the tempestuous sea of sinful wishes, as a drowning man sinks after be has risen tor the third time; and deliberately thrusting away, in the very doggedness of despair, tbe invisible hand which yet strove to stay me, I rose and sought tbe room which I prayed I might never enter. MY FIRST GLIMPSE OF HELL. You may wonder perhaps bow it is that I am able ro recall so vividly tbe circumstances of an event which happened many years ago. Yon would cease so to wounder bad you seen, as I bave seen, the ghost of your dead self rise op to cry for vengeance against you, and to condemn you before the judgement-seat of God and of your own conscience. For this was my first glimpse of hell ; this was my day of judgment. The recording angel of my own indestructible and now fjod- riwakeried memory showed me my. past life as God saw it, and as it appeared when robbed of the loathsome disguises with which I had sO Jong contrived to bide my own moral nakedness. WHAT KEEPS HELL HELL. The orie thing of all others which added to the tmutterabje horror of .that moment was the memory of tbe. false and lying1 excuses with wKch I had striven to palliate.my sin t6 myself. This is the way in which I had repeatedly striven to silence my conscience,' and it is but one instance of the way in whicK many others on this earth are now striving to silence theirs. ' For God's sake,' I would say to them, ' be ware !' Such hardening of the heart against the Holy Spirit, such God-murdering (for it is the wish to kill God and to silence his voice for ever) is the one unpardonable sin which is a tlioilalndfold more awful in its consequences than is the crime which' it Seeks to Conceal. It was the foulest stain on the soil of him who hung ttie dying Saviour ; and it is, I believe, at this moment, the one and only thing which still keeps hell hell and Satan Satan; THE AGONY OF THE DAMNED1. I remember ' that when the realisation of what I was, and what I had done, was first borne in uprn me, I fell to the ground and writhed in convulsive agony. The tortures of a material hell — of a thoustnd tnateiial hells— I would bave endured with gladness could such tortures have drowned for one moment the thought agony that tore me. Mere physical suffering in which, though it were powerless to expiate, I could at least partici pate by enduring, I would have welcomod with delirious gladness, but of such a relief or diversion of thought there was none. To annihilation, had such been then within my reach, I would have fought my way through a thousand devils. But in heli there is no escape. I remember that I rose up in my despair, and stretching vain bands to the impotent heavens, shrieked out as only one can shriek who is torn by hell-toiture and despair. I fell to the ground and writhed and foamed in convulsive and bloody agony. But not thus could I rid myself of the sights of hell, nor could mere physical pain wipe out. from my brain the picture oT tfie ruin I bad wrought. And then — but no, I am sick, I am ill, I am fainting, I. cannot, I cannot write more. 