AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE ROYAH. MB, GEO O. UILN IN '' HAHIIER." Mr. Geo. 0. Miln opened a short Shake spearian season at the Royal on Saturday night with ,f Hamlet." The audience was not large, but it expressed ita appreciation unstintedly of what was in most reapecta an excellent render ing of the great tragedy, Mr. Miln has evi dently made a careful study of a part which haB been disserted and discussed more than any other creation of Shakespeare's. Kia talents as an aotor are of a high order, and his by-play and ohangeB of faoial expression were always in keeping with the motionB they were intended to pourtray, "Hamlet" is a part in which there is always a danger of " tearing a passion to tatters," but Mr, Miln avoids this rook on almoBt all occasions. He baa, however, a trick of giving a sort of recovery gaep alter an emotional passage which has an artificial eSeot, The ghost scene on the battlements, which always has its diffi culties, was impressively acted. At the close of tbe play scene, where the court breaks up in disorder and the conscience strioken king flees from the spectacle of hiB crime, Mr. Miln introduces what is, we fanoy, a novel render ing. He and Horatio have both their daggers bared aB'the king rushes paBt, and the prince, now that his suspicions are conficmed, seems aboat to avenge his father's death at once, but at the "psychological instant" his purpose fails and his uncle escapes. In the trying scene with the queen Mr. Miln was as impassioned as the condition of Hamlet, distracted between the promptings of affection and revenge, requires. Tbe tragedian has the good quality of not playing to tbe audienoe but to his art, his enunciation is always dear, and his rendering of the soliloquy and other well known passages was good. He is not handioapped by man nerisms, and in this point has an advantage over a good many interpreters of Shakespeare's chief parts. Mr. Miln enjoys good support in the company which acts with him. Miss Loniee Jordan rendered the character of Ophelia in a gentle and sympathetic manner, and was very suooessful in the mad Bcene, Mr. J, H, Nunn .made a capital King, and Mr. Atholwold deserves praise for his spirited Laertea. The Qaeen waa played with dignity by Miss Kate Douglas, but she verged too strongly on the hysterical in the cabinet scene with Hamlet. Horatio has not very much to do, and Mr. Montgomery should be able to do it without turning his back quite so often towards the audsence. T10 first grave digger; who provides what slight oomio matter there is in a play that is nearly as distressing aB a Greek tragedy, wab acted in a rollioking manner by Mr. Water Oarle. The minor characters were well filled, the ghost's speeches being delivered with sppnlohral effeot by Mr. Wilmot Eyre. To night tbe "Merchant of Venice" will be staged. GARNER'S Roosrs The front Beats at Garner's R <oms on Saturday night were well filled, and the back seats and gallery densely crowded to witness another change of programme- After the ren dition of a comic soDg " Children, ooane along," Miss Lillie Warren gave the pretty ballad "The song that reached my heart" Mr, Wall Rookley sang "Little Annie Roohey," the ohorus being taken up bv the members of tbe company, _ Miss Priacilia Verne rendered some Irioh comic medleys, a ad was awarded with a perfeot storm of applause, Mies Hastings gave with her accustomed suc cess " I like a little game," and had to rexpind three times to vociferous encores. Mr. Hago and Mr. Hazelwood concluded tbe first part of the! entertainment with a comic and senti mental tong respectively, A quartette by the Misses Verne, Anderson (2), and Mr. Rockley initiated the second part, tbe laBt-named and MisB Lillie Anderson being attired in jooVey costumes, and the other two ladies in drepsea appropriate to a racecourse. Mies Lillie Warren Bang, but not with good fffpo*. tbe descriptive ditty ''Dorkin'a night." Mr. W, A, Robinson, known as the Australian Tom Thumb, was advertised to dwell " for a few momenta on all kinds of fanny subjects," but cannot be congratulated on bis success, His *'funny Bubjeota" consisted of an attempt to give an IriBh reoitation, in which he forgot his part. It was a welcome relief when Miss Hastings appeared as an "Arab boy on the BtreetB of London," remind ing one of Jennie Lee's f,Jo." Shewasolad in- tattered clothes, and her clever singing brought down the house, Miss Verne was also very successful in the dramatio song " Shakespeare's seven age?," and waa succeeded by the Misses Anderson in their American sand jig, thiB being cheered to the eoho. The young ladies were also the recipients of sever il floral offerings. The programme concluded with a faros entitled "Hazd to Kill," 