THOSE .ROLLS. IT goes without saying that the circular sent out by the Hon. J. L. Parsons on Tuesday last, and which we publish ib another column, created intense excite- ment amongst the voting population of the district. The cream of the circular, as anyone. may see, is that there is a possibility of our first independent elec- tion being upset under circumstances which are fully pointed out, and this communication of the late Resident's is doubtless the outcome of a rumour which has lately been going the rounds of the township. We ourselves have heard it stated openly by persons who should kriow something of what they're saying that the bottom would be kicked out of the election in the event of a certain candidate being defeated. The Hon. J. L. Parsons has no doubt heard this too, and, very properly desired to have the points at issue positively determined one way or the other. Hence he has care- fully compiled a list of queries which he has submitted to the Returning Officer with the request that the opinion of the Law Officers of the Crown be obtained the action of the candidate who proposed to throw the electors over the wisdom of the step taken by Mr. Parsons came be questioned. As an announced can- didate he necessarily wishes to know exactly how the matter stands, and it would show a great laci of common sense if he refrained from doing this at once. No matter how slight the sug- gestions of invalidity may turn out to be, it is extremely urgent that every ghost of a doubt should be removed before we have a farce that would maje us the laughing stock of the south. lt is plain as daylight that if one can- didate can annul the election there is no earthly reason why any other of our four candidates could not do like wise. A case very similar to ours occurred, if we remember rightly, in one of the electoral districts of South Australia thirty years ago. The point then raised was that numbers of the voters were not REGISTERED on the roll, that is to say, the date upon which they had caused their names to appear was not duly in- serted in the column of the roll set aside for that purpose The omission could not be got over, and the consequence was there could be no election, until THREE YEARS afterwards ! Excítement ran very high at the time, but the par- tisans of the defeated candidates had the law with them, and brought the election to the crisis alluded to. Now, that one of the points queried by the Hon. L. Parsons, and, as we have already argued, it is infinitely better to have the question answered before the election than after it. In another column Mr. Herbert Adcock anticipates the Law Officers providing a set of replies, to the point contained in the circular referred to. Mr. Adcock is happily temperate in remarks and on the whole keeps well the matter at issue ; but he entirely fails to do that justice to the Hon. Mr. Parsons which the spirit of his com- munication to the electors merits. As a candidate himself, be must feel a sense of satisfaction and relief if the learned authorities to whom the Returning Officer submitted the troublesome issues decide that there is nothing objectionable but what can be very easily overcome. Every candidate as well as every elector will then be sure that no effort on thr part of anyone can eflect the capsizing of the election. Each candidate will then be satisfied that the ground upon which he is working is secure, and all possible.obstacles to the validity of the election vanish at once. As to the personal references contained in Mr. Adcock's letter, we think that the fact of tho Hon. J. L. Parsons having become possessed of certain facts while acting in his official capacity does not help the case ib any way. If Mr. Parsons can prove any facts (no matter how gleaned) which are powerful enough to wreck the election, he has acted very straightforwardly in exposing his hand now, instead of holding back as others contemplated doing. -Perhaps reasob why tlie late Resident did interfere in the making up of the was because the rolls were not not os being obtainable until February or only a week before that gentle retired from office ; so that until t unless the Returning Officer subini a "proof" to him-a thing altogetjer unlikely-he could not possibly I known what the printed roils contai But no doubt that gentleman give reasons himself. The essential of his circular lies in the fact of it b intended solely to purge the coi election of all matters which promii have an offensive or illegal louring i the result lu assuming the state does, he takes a step which no corni sense elector will attempt to deny value of. After all it may be pr that he has but a weak case. Still does not alter the fact that the val of the election has been doubted, that, too, by a person who should I a position to obtain a very good opii Ubder the circumstances, Mr. Pai has adopted the only course open to alttl has done so as soon as possible i retiring from the Government aer As to the supposed charges against J. G. Knight, we think that arguem a mistake. We happen to know Mr. Knight has gone out of his wi make the election ioeawf ul, and ve do not for a moment suppose that th* Returning Officer would lend himself to any wilful interference with the pro- visions of the Electoral or any other act. Neither do we understand Mr. Knight as one of those phenomer.&l; beings who cannot possibly commit errors. If any irregularities have really occurred we are satisfied to think that he has been misguided in his interpre tation of the mialling of the Act We want our Members badly, therefore it behove us to be sure that their elec- tion is valid. We now eagerly await the decision of the Law Officers, and in the interests of the country let us hope that their replies will provide an easy means for preventing what threatens to be a very unwelcome ontretenijis. 