The Suuday Header. MUCH WORK, LITTLE TIME. By the Rkv. C. H. SruKflEON. ' Whatsoever thy hand findetb to do, do it with thy might; for there is no work, no. device, norkno* lodge, nor wisdom in the grave, 'hither thou j goc:t.'— Eccles. ix, 10. ? The pith of the text lies in the thought I that there is an argument to every earnest | Christian for intense zea 1 in the fact of the certain approach of death, 'for there is no : work, nor device, nor knowledge , uor wifedom ! in the grave, whither thou goeRt,' Unless 1 the Lord shall cune we shall all die, and that quickly. Life at tho longest is very short. When I consider how many claims there are upon a Christian, and how much a loving heart desires to do, aud think how short is the space of time into which wc must need crowd all, 1 «m depressed in spirit, but Bternly resolute to condense much work into small space. The heatheu said, ' Art is long, and life is short but I will veuture to alter the sentence, aud say, 'The service of God i - long, and life is short,' far too short to perform all our desire. What then is the argument from the shortness of life but j'tst this — Work for God wtth all your might. If you have so little time, waste nooV of it. If there be so small a space entrusted to thee, suffer no wastes and by ends, but fill up the narrow space with presious things — flfold, silver, and precious stones— holy works done in earnest forJeeus Christ. The work-girl-sat in her little room, and her fingers flew as she passed the deedle repidly, because she had but that tiny bit of candle, and feared Iter task might prove longer than her light. May we not also fear that our work for Jesus may prove greater than the time iu which we may perform it? Every time the clock ticks our time grows less aad less, aod less. I ha ve a great love for old-fashioned hour glasses, because they make you see the time go, as the Bauds run. I remember in Milan Cathedral seeing the sun travel along the ecliptic line on the floor of the cathedral, and I realised time's ceaseless mo tion. Every minute our life-candles are shorter — every pulse makes the number of pulses less. Quick, then, man ; quick ! Death is nehind thee. Canst thou not hear his tootfal ? He pursues thee as the houud its prey. Quick I Quick with thy work and thy service, for soon may his skeleton hand be laid upon thy Bhoulder, to palsy thy haud of skill and silence thy tongue of eloquence for ever. And let us recollect that when we die there is no return to the held of labour.. I have known persons (and this is talking ab *ut a very commonplace tiling, hut it may be a ver / useful thing to some of you) ; I have known husbands who meant to make their wi'ls in a proper way, aud to provide for their wives as they should do, but they have died, and the will has been left unmade, and the future life of the wife has been full of sorrow which might have been avoided by the proper and timely use of the pen. Oo not leave anything undone which ought to be done— leave nothing undone which may be for the good of others, for you cannnt come back to do it. Anything you have to do for tho glory of God get it done at once, for you will not be able to return when once you have passed away from the world. I fancy for a moment how I should preach to you, if I should die to-night, and should be allowed to coine back and preach to you once more. I know how yon would listen. It would be a very strange sermon, but you would catch every word, I am 6ure. I know how I should preach. I should say, *' Blessed be God for letting me cme back to have ono more trial with my unconverted hearers, for perhapB they u ay yet be led to Jesus.' I do not think I would have anything to say to you who are converted that morning, if I had that opportunity. I should leavf the ninety and niue ana go after the Bheep that is gone astray. I should preach to the lost one, and salt my words with tears and burn my lips with flam ing love. Yet that is exactly how we ought to preach always. Now put it to you: selves, dear friends. If you had to die and were permitted to come hack to speak once more to your children, to your neighbours, to your eunday- school clasd, or to any o e else commit ted to your care, how would you address them? Do it just that way now— with the same ardour, zeal, and tenderness. Do you say you cannot ? That is very likely. Ask God to help you. HiB grace waits to aid you ; it is what you want, and what you must have in order to succeed. Seek it, seek it at His hands I implore you, who giveth liberally and upbraideth not. In 6uch fashion must every one of us go about the work allotted to u», because there is no work nor device in the grave to which we are journeying. Our text has a peculiar bearing upon j ome persons. May I be happy enough to catch their ears. There are persons here present, perhaps, who have a very heavy charge upon them, and to them the text epeaks. 1 am one of that company. With the charge of this church, the college, and the orphanage, and 1 know not what besides, I hear a voice — 'Whatsoever thy hand tin leth to do, do it with thy might.' It would ill become me to loiter ; above all men I must labour. Some of you have wealth ; permit tbe text to epeak to you also — ' Whatsoever thy hand findcth to do, do it with thy might,' for thou canst, not take thy money with thee, neither canst thou serve God with it when thou art gone, 'for there is no work, nor device, nor know ledge, nor wisdom, in the grave, whither thou goest.' Some of you possess much influence, for you are large employers. And I know some— I need not go into details— whom God has placed in peculiar positions, where they lead and guide the minds of others. I charge you, by the living God, do not let the blood of any man's soul be on your skirts. By the prccious blood that bought you, I beseech you, if the Lord haB trusted you with ten taleots. put them out to interest, lest a tenfold judg- ! mentcome upon you. I know not how to epeak as I would, but I feel I am speaking most of ail to myself here. -I charge thee, O my heart, be faithful to thy trust. It were better for me that I had never been born than that I preach to these people carelessly, or keep back any part of my master's truth. Better to have been a devil than a preacher pitying fast and loose with God'B word, and by such means working the ruin of the bouIs of men, To other preachers I say what I have said to myself, and to each oue of you whom God has put in solemn charge — see to it that what He gives you to do you do with all your 'light. Next. I speak to those of you who are ad voiced in years. If you have hitherto done mn- h for Christ be thankful for it. But if v u have not, if you have loitered, oh, my fr brethren, may I, your minister and \- l ucre friend, take you by the hand and say, Dear brother, there can be for you here, in the otd- r of nature, but a short time in which to serve God. Do immediately with all your might what you can do. Let your lest days, if they have not the vigour of your youth, at *ny rate have a yet more eager desire for God's glory. It would seem a strange thing for a man to get nearer to heaven and to be leas heavenly minded, to be more ripe for gloty as to his age and to be less mature in grace. 0 that ye may live while ye live, and bear a good testimony for Christ your Lord during life's eventide. Do I speak to those who have been lately oonvcrtod, and are past middle ag« 1 At what rate, my dear brothers and Bisters ought you to live? Remember, Martin Luther was converted quite in middle life, but he did e great work before he died ; and many a dis tinguished servant of God has begun late, but has worked well, and made a good day's work of it before his sun went down. There is no reason why you should not copy the example. I would also speak to thpse who have been the subjects of high impulses and noble thoughts. There are choice spirits in the world, into whose ears the Holy Ghost whispers grand designs, such as he does not reveal to all men. Here and theie He finds a soul that lie makes congenial to Himself, and thon H i inspires it with great wishes, deep l'mcingf, ami grand designs for glorifying Uod. Do not quench them, brother Do not starve them by holding them back, but, as death is coming, do what is in thee, and do it with thy might. No man knows what God means through hie agenev, for oftentimes the very feeblest hive conceived thQ greatest pur: I poses. John Pounds and his ragged school. Who was John Pounds?— A poor cobbler. Robert Raikeu with his Sunday school. Who was Robert Kaikes ? — Nobody in particular, , but nevertheless Sunday schools h^vc como to I something. Vow may have a sublime concep ' tion in your soul. Do notstrangle it. Nurse the Heaven-born thought for God, and the first opportunity you can find carry out the idea to its practical issues, and throw your might into it. I think that surely there must be some young Christian here who loves hid Master, and who meanB to do something for Him before he dies. Brother, 'what thou doest, do quickly.' Do I not address some young man of a noble spirit who feels, 'I could he wealthy, I could gain a position in my profession, I could become famous, and get honour for myself ; but from this hour I will lay all down at the foot of the Cross, and luy mvself out for the eood of souls and the clorv of God.' Give me thy hand, my brother, for thou and I . are of one mind in this. Hut go and do it. Do not dream, but work. Do not listen to the sirens which would enchant thee by the'T music and draw* thee from the rough sea ot duty, only tbat they uiay destroy thee. Launch forth in God'e name, yield thyself up to the winds of heaven, and they wil bear thee on in the course of devoted service. The Lord help thee to do witb thy might what tbou findest to do. And, lastly, there is a pecular voice in the text to those who will die in the next few days — those here present, I say, who will die wilhin the next few days. *' Well,' says you, 'and who are they?' Ah, dear friend, that 1 cannot tell you. It mny be the speaker, and it may be you into whose eyes the speaker s eyes are gazing now. Here are within this house while I am speaking not less I suppose than 6000 persons ; and according to the averages of human life, a certain number of us will io all probability be in another world within a short space of time — say within a year. Yes, aod to some one of us the angel of deatb may be ecnt to. night ! Now, to that man or -to that woman the voice of the text is very strong— 41 Whatsoever thy hand tindeHi to do, do it with thy might.' Thou hast only three days to live; thou bast only a week to live; thou hast only a fortnight to live ; thou hast only three weeks to live, finish, then, thy labour for the Lord. 'Ah,' you Bay, 'if I were that man, I should most certainly be very buBy the next three weeks, and very earnestin prayer.' As you do not know hut what you may be that man, ^o act in euch a manner. Set your house in order, draw near to God ; seek to glorify His name ; live in the bosom of Christ, and whether you die or not it will make no difference to you ; for you to live will be Christ, and to die will be gain, aod so you will be satisfied whichever way it may be. 0, brethren, we have not, most of us, begun to live yet. I feel very often like the chicken in the shell, which has chipped its shell a little, and begun to ⅇ that there iB a great World outside. We have not as yet begun to serve God as He ought to be served. The divinely-born manhood within us, the divine life which God infuses, is it not sadly clogged and hampered ? May God set ua free, and raise us up to the highest standard of con secrated life, and His shall he the praise for ever more. 