MlSSIOIf to TAS- ' The %fth annuaT meeting of the Tasma nian Mission -to-Chinese was held at the Wesleyan Church last night. mi TOomnowMth tea was-prebided'tovtt%y the ladlea, who had been busya -great nartof the day nre puinrartp&jpitorm; wevenlng. After mtbraed.iinolnaing. about «0 OibuuneZ ^totthe ranging oiatynui, nud fnyer b*i the Rev. W, La w, ithe^hair was taken hv th» Hon. W. Hart, ML.C. m 'r The clminn««id!l-B:fcnff»oomethtnff of the importance of th8 work. .He -wM Sua to tarn of the anoeeniOlch'tud .ttended tb^efforta of the mission no far/'-He would not detain them, totj*ould - ctil on the eecretary (the Rev. GiiT. HeywMd) to read thereport. , ;i ' ^ ^Mr HeywardtheU^ead tbe followW Emmt. ? '* miuumltiiron^hanothar year. The'ChrUtian pubho have oontinned to rapport:the missio' in a cordial and hberal manner. Several hKidaon»anoujmoui«bntribations have been received -from well-wishers outeide our raraUr the whole has been, ^aancially,- the moet ensperous we bars h«J.. We teott Ah. Tit!tTth'hono*rf mueionuie. from vbuL. who ate with ui bhb m hu endasfor tommchtai taMSChrirt to hi. rountryiM.- Hw Urt . monthly report will »h°w tHiths la, at l»t what Mobhodiita call a travsUiap preablur. . So ht u y™, committee can gather from bieiiinm^w* Ehglishi^be character moessant visitations ia just what it ahSnld bZ Simple, expaamentaLhnrfey*-svaaffaSitic— im attempt to ^Kbibit a Obrirtaan life amongst carelea heathens* and by its love and nattence Poo ? contact with . out ' friends now with m, -Who ,ian ? convene with him tongoe^Bnd gin him tha bene fit of tbeir long and anooeUftd experience in work among the Chineae, will te«t thegreateat eooonlBgemszit to ima. , W.har. lam, honed for such an opportunity for. him. Notbloe very atnkiog hu to be reported in laat year? work in ahape.of TOibl,.Iwl)tai Humanly ?peaking it 1 m abnin) ooca- alonal contact with ohe lone countryman and that » num. who ha, turned hia back upon their cberuhed nligioua belief, and boldly con demns .tbeir hahiu and cobWim, aWnld pro duce any. very .dearablo outoome. VImaiine one lone £ng2uhman among .JOOO. Jf hi. countryman, and that ' m-n a renegade from tbe religion of hi ? ftthna and l£e apo.tle of a ralkion ntterl, opporcd to their faithand manner of life, vtvlbould expect contempt and opposition, and hut little olle. Are we a a tbe friends 1 and aupportvs of this minion incessantly pleading with *God for him on his behalf? This is the best of all waysiu which we can help him. May we aU receive a fresh impetus lochia holy work this evening, and become ' fellow-helpars to tike truth' in a greater degree than ever before. Oar fear is that thiB is the weak point in the mining jn conclusion* the hearty -thinks of tbe^ oom- mittee are tendered to the subeeribers and anonymous donors fortheir Christian liberality and to all helpers of the mianon for theft will! assuttaooe, * ^ fr F. L. syehi treasurer, read the balance sheet -which ehowed the Income for the year to have been £11B la, of which the principal items vexe — Donations £8* 7s ; proceeds of last annual tea, £18 jb 6d - Miss Keed's lecture, £8 Is. Expenditure— Uissionan 'B salary lor 11 months, tllO - balance, £6 Is ; ieaying a defioiency of £3 10a towards the months saluj' then due Be f ally expected to hare that amount in I hand very soon as several donations were already due. Mr 8. K, Whiteboose, secretary to the Kev. Dr. Hudson Taylor, said he felt truly grateful to those who had worked so hard for the Chinese. He would like to speak a little of his own experience and telfthem what a good Master he had found Christ to be. when missionaries of the China Mission entered their work in adopted the native dress and of dressing hair. People said the Chinese was a difflcult language, but he had not found it so; in a few months he was able to con verse with the people. Ue liked the ex pression used by a previous snukar ? u One Hone Paul, plus the Holy Ghost' — it strengthened one so - much. He then gave a description of his first trip in China, and the various features of interest attending it. ft was sad to see tbe hopeless grief of the natives over their dead. They knew nothingW the hope that is in Christ. It was a aniamn thought that many would probably never near tbe Gospel but for the work of the tne aa m appointed by God. He Would ask theo* to pray over the matter of the Chinese mission, and have a persona! Interview with Qod* and And out tiis will ooncwaing them —whether he would have them go to tbe mission field. The. Bev. Dr. Hudson Taylor said he would remind them that God had made of one blood all people, and a kind heart seemed always to be able to make lteelt known to others. . Some of tbe native Chinese . lived really well. Many false notions were extant about the hebiu and customs of the Chinese, and he had read much in books which he bad not seen verified during residence among them. The greatest oppoaition to the spread of the Got pel was found among the. women. He told of how a num ber of native ladies were converted to Christ by the efforts of .one lady mission ary, who had made a stay of one week with them. He then told of the difficulty h& had in learning the language from a native teacher, who anew nothing of. English - now the new ml&sibnaries; were taught at Hau-Ohow-hyen Snglish teacher *who had learned the language. Since the -ladid had taken np the work It had been a success: He was glad to have met with Mr Wong Pbo. He thought those present did not know what a difficult task Mr W ong Poo had.' No man who changed his religion had an ea^y of it. He then dwelt upon the importance of prayer in the support of missions; he thought a mistake was in mission work generally by making too much of the financial _part of the businass, although be knew from experience the importance of that part. Tet* he thought, more prayer - was needed. He then gave an account of' an anti-missionary riot in one of the inland i .towns* but said tbat he had only known I one or two sueh cases during- his S? years' J experience. It was one of the greatest |s delights of his heart that he had three ofi JS his children laboring for Christ in Phin^ g The Bev. B. Woug-Foo (native missionary S to ane uunese' in Tasmania) spoke of the method adopted by him in conducting- ser~ vioeamong his countrymen, who of tea had to travel long distances nwH foee -much working time to -attend - tbe 'services. ' He then read and sang in his native language. The Bev. -5, T. Heyward moved tbat tli» committee for the ensuing year be the sanut as last seat, withthe'addttion ofthe names of Pastor O Soltauand Mr-3. Pullan. The motiou was agreed to. ' Mr EL. Marshall moved a comprehensive votes of thanks to the ladies to all those who had assisted* which was en dorsed by acclamation. . The Bey. W. Law moved a- vote of thanks .to. tbe chairman and speakers of the even ing, .which was unanimously carried. The meeting closed shortly before 10 o dock with the Benediction and Doxology. During the evening She Chinese present sang the well-known hymn ' Rock of Agesf |n their. native tongue. A collection was taken* which amounted to £17 0s 7d. The chairman apologised for the absence of Mr -Montagu Beaucbamp* H A , who waa engaged at another meeting. - . A farewell meeting, will be held tonight at , the Memorial Church, at which the re preseutaUves of' the China inland Mission will speak. They leave for .Melbourne en route to Chin» on Wydnwday. 