Novelist. FHE HAUNTED HUSBftND; '.t.V:--': ?: :???'? ? ? . : ? Oli, Lady Chctwynd's Syectrc. v ; . ~ Bv Mi;s. HAitiiiur Lewis. . CHAPTER XI.— (CONTiNUED.) Her love nnd ambition were both aroused, nnd she bent horself to tho task of winning him now, upon that very night. She meant to renow her betrothal before she Blept. ?' Gilbert Monk coutiuucd to walk lo and fro. Ho whs equally anxious with Sylvia ? ? . ., for lior marringo to Ohetwynd. Until that marringo should como oiF, liis gunio iu regard to Bernice was blocked. ?Ho was thinking thus when thu hall porter opened tho door and npproncbed him saying : ' Mr. Monte, tuero a a low fellow in the hall who says he must seo 70U. His name, which be says it's FJnck — : w Monk started. Flack 1' ho ejaculated. 'Why, ho was a servant of mine. I'll see him.' * He hurried out into the liall. Flack stood. juBt. inside the great portal. Monk went up to him, and naked, in an under tone : 'What's up? Why aro you hero?'. ' Mrs. Crowl, she sent me,' said Flack. ? 'Miss Gwyn left Mnwr Onstlo tho day ? ? beforo ? yesterday, and we haven't seen her '?-- since.' ? ?? ? 'Left tho castle?' v; 'Yes, Bir, along with a. porkmantle, ? .which Bho carried in her hand, and a wear . . . log ot n gray dress aud veil. Mrs. Orowl »he thinks Miss Gwyn came this way, sir. .? ; ; It's along of a newspaper which came around a packet of wools which the French governess brought at Carnarvon. The news paper had a parrygraph that Lord Ohetwynd was at Genoa, aud on his way houic. That unsettled Miss, and shn uindc off the same, night. Havo you Been her hero ?' ' Thunder, no. Shu's here, in tlio neis;h borhood,' cried Monk, in a panic. 11 You must watch hero for her, Flack. Go over to tho village inn and look for her there. Be in tho edgo of the park on tho east sids ? of tho house after tho lights are mil. j must bcp you then — consult with you. I ? cannot stay hero longer without excit ing suspicion. Wo nniBt find tho girl to . night.' He returned to the house, concealing his auxiety nnd perturbation ns best ho could. He pasaed tho drawing-room, going through the music-room to tlio great conservatory, Into. which the drawing rooms, music-room, and tho pink boudoir opened. IIo eat down in a dim nook among tho flowers, his, heart beating fiercely, and muttered : Bernico here I Bernico back at Ohet wynd l'ark I Sho will respect her oath. She will not roveal her identity nor prn lence to, her husband j but why does lhe como J I fonr thero's mischief ahead.' OHAPTEH XII.. TUB Piounu IM WHITE, From the. low, rustic seat upon which! ^ ..Gilbert had flung himself, ho could look1 into tho bright drawing-room and hear the murmur of voices, r -- ' I wish Ohetwynd would fall in lovo with Sylvia,' thought Monk ; 'but be remains wedded to his lltst love. I wish he would feel bound 111 honor br compassion , r to proposo to Sylvia this very night. If she woro very skilful I should think she might lend him on. If he wero renlly and actually : engaged to Sylvia, 1 think I could maungo Bernico.' It seemed as if the fates were playing into bis hands that night. While ho lurked in the great conser vatory thnt flanked ono end of tho house nnd opened upon several state apartments, Sylvia sat in n low chair before tho ftrc^ber ' ; pay bit of woollen. embroidery on her kiiee, tho soft light falling in a flood upon her swarthy, hnndsomo face, red cheeks.' and glossy black hair, consoious that Bhu was looking her best, and presenting a pretty picture to the long homeless young lord. ' I am Rind to be back again,' said tho marquis, hfn gravo . browa :stiadowed by his ceaseless unrest and hitter longings. 'I thought In Abyssinia that I would give all I ownedto transport mysolf in an Instaut back to this dear old home. And now I am hero, in, the rooms she brightened with her joyous picnonco, and tho pain of boing boro ?- is greater .than I could havo dreamed. It /' ...... BeemsaB if Bomico were noar mo, Sylvia, I havo novor had that Btraugo sense of tho nearness of her preaonco since I lost hor. It Beemo as if sho woro in these rooms— ub if oho might nppcar to mo at any moment—as if I might henr her voice calling.' - ?*.»?????? , 'That is vory natural, and very easily explained,' said Sylvia, in .her Bmooth, silvery voice. ' You loft this placo so soon after dear Bernico's death that her presence still seemed, ns one might say, to pervade tho houso. You como back uftor a long .4..' , abscnco, and everything reminds you of her. You bnve not grown used to tho house with; out lior.' , ? ' ' Shall I over get 'used to the houBe with out her?' aBkcd Lord Ohetwynd, 'The edgo of our griof must wear off ) -: Bomo time,' said Sylvia, softly. ''It must lose its first sharpness, and bocome a vague and tender memory. Perhaps when I'm gone you will find repose in. your fond memprles of Bernico,. I love. Ohetwynd Park, and .all tho people upon the estate. THisis tjie only home I navo in all. the wide world. ' But I must leave It. I am going oway, soon, next, week, If possible, ana I pover return again.' I \ \ ' ?' '? -V)iV is ll. id, y.\ If Ki .' Why should you leave your homo ? ' 'All, th.it is it,' cried Sylxia, piusiun. at u 1 y . 11 It id not my home. i h:i\o no right birj. Can you li .t see, liny ? Do you not understand? You force me lo speak plainly. I have no claims unoti you Hoy, ami 1 can 110 lunger livo upon your bouuty. l!vBiiles,'' and her voico irenilii,-1' with tho coiiseiousiuifs that t^lic was play ing her last card now, 'my youd linmu i- in v most- cherished pnsaufiioli, liov j it is, in truth, all I have, ajul people talk'becnuse I remain here.' 'What do they daiv lo s:»y lo the pro Henco of my atop .sister in niv lionise?' ' They say,' replied Sylvia, drooping her head still I - - r 1 , ' I ii;i! I w.13 once butrotlied to .yoa, and tliat. you jilted aie. ? Thty s.iy thal-lliat I love you trill, and that 1 am staying on hero in hopes to win you. And Bo 1 must go, ltay. I could 11 jt. stay on here no long as n epaik of true womanhood remains iu mo. Aud so— and bo— I'm going.' , She covered her face and seemed to sob in an utter humiliation and an guish. ' Theru is only ono way In which you can or will remain, I suppose,' ho 01 olitimcd, impetuously, 'aud that io— as my wife;' : . ' Oh, ltoy I' cried M is-i Monls, raptur ously, crcBtlng her head in serpent fashion, her dull eyes burning with lumbont flames, her red shocks flaming into deepor carna tion. For an instant Cbdwynd paused, be wildered, Miss Monk waited for liiin to suv more, lie comprehended that his un guarded , outburst had been interpreted us a half proposal of marriage. : lie was sick at heart for n biief spaco. Itecover ing himself, he said, with unconscious stern ness:. ' Sylvia, I ne'er loved but once. My heart is buried with my wife. All my hopes rest in liar colllu,. Wo wero once betrothed. You put ,au end to our engagement, as I fancied then, becauao you bad discovered that you did not Inva.tno, nud I married Bornicc. My iLolher desired' you nnd ino toinarry eaeh othcr, Bernico, dying, iirj^od mo to marry you. Bid alio fauuy, iu that Inst hour, that you lored mo? Tlio dying Beo clearly, it is said. PerhapH sho had heard of our former engagement, although that is Scarcely probable. My mother loved, you ; Bernice'Joved you. I cannot pormit wtn l« tin »A . 1!F.- t.«m1.t.ln Sylvia, sisteri knowing what I nto, and that I liavo no hefrt t(rcffer, will you become my wife?' I v Tho color' (lamed again in Miss Houk's face. ' Oh, Hoy ^aho breathed again, in rap ture.';'! loj-cr you. To bo your wife is more than I lad hoped. But I will devoto my . life to 1011. Wo will work together, and I know tliat I can : bring, back to you a portion ti least of your , loat happi ness.' j I Ohetwyjjr, sin ilei 'sorrowfully. . ' Such almnrriait^ 1b a ono-aided affair,' ho said; tlU;bavc tii little to givo in return for your loJe, But!' can spare you tho toil nnd „hardnbip of ia governess's life. 1 can sliicld p; you from contact with tho blisv wbrliKfand I will trv to mnkn vou happy.'. -{I ' j Mies'. MovU. atiigo swiftly and rushed toward , hiiKj wiliJ her soft, undulating .movements# Ind jllung herself upon his breast. , . ? a '4. 1) ? Ho started taeV with a gestura of lepul sion, biit rccivUcyln'R himself folded ono arm around iher.;1 : They , wero betrothed again, auilj-Ia could' giro Mier at least a brother's cesses.; ' Oh,: llojj this hour pays mo for all I bnye.cndurc.il' cried Miss Monk. 'All I ask is to be ttltbw4;))to uiakb yen happy . I cannot hope cverSl tako tho place of' dear Bernico, but in liffi I may como 'to fill a little niehc of mr. owu in your heart. I have. Buffered so ljucb. My lifo baa been ono long death without .you. Tako mo closer, Hoy, anc givo mo the ' kiss of butrothai. At lat— at last,' sho went ou, ' I am yours.' , - Ohetwynd put bith arms around her, and said, in a broken vjico : 'Clod bless yof.^my promised wifo— . my dear ^-'lvia I j[sVrid may your future happiness atone tit j . tho Borrows of 'your past.'1 ... '0/V '. Ho bent Aiis.noblf head and pressed a kiss up .11 her willing His; She held him to her, .stiowering' 'kisses ujVn him in strange un reserve. ?? ?./. ? - ? A sigh, n breath,'-! faint rustle, like the brushing of a wingjr the movement of a woman's dress, camoiuttering through tho room. Ohetwynd, still lulding Sylvia to his breast, involuntarily ooked up. liis apimlied eyes lAlicld a sight that held him dumb and motio'ileBS. lie Haw'stauding it), the willo archwav of tlio open Bliding drittB that which ho' be- lieved to be tho ap'jaritibn of his bst Boriiice. . J ? - SI10 stood against! a faintly lit . back ground otdnsky blootvs, perfectly revealed, yet in tho uiidstof an odorous twilight that made her seem indoedjii vision from another world, \V .; She . was dressed k white, as at her burial. CM if, vynti's tnsciuatcd eyes noted that sho wore a long.'Vhite silken robu liko that In which iio had' i-oiiBigned bur to the tomb. IIo rix'oguiued the peculiar fashion ing of tho d 1 ess, for she had worn tho ono iu tfhich Bho had been buried nt her lltst ?dinner nt C'ltetwynd Park— that momorablo dinner upon tho vory ovoning of her home coming Tlio low, square-cut Porapndour corsagoj with frills of point lacc staudiug up about the slender throat and fair bosom; the short BleeveB ending at tho elbow in a frill of lace; the bared arms : ho, recognised each separata fecturuof tho toilet he had thought so charming, - ', But tho face I It waa strangely changed, and yet ho knew it, aud his heart leaped up within him atsight of it. Bcriiieo Imd been plain, with but the possibility of bcaul v, but this vision was gloriously beautiful, with the' radianco of n i'nro and perfect Joveliucfs. Spel/botiud, hd continued to staro at her, noting tho puro, frank brows Bhaded by crinkling maases of floating hair, thu BOft nud perfect contour of her faco, the tender witchery of the sensitive mouth, the unutterable yearning. arid, longing in. tho great vivid eyes of dusk. She looked as if Bho louged to speak, but was restrained by Bomo invisililu power, 'Sylvia's head had benn buriod in Ohet wynd's breast. She wondered at his silence, and lookeii up, crying fondly : / . 'Call mo your proniisctl wifo again, dear Hoy. Kis-.%.iuo itjjuiu. Am I not^to bo your wifo ? Arc we not to be happy at last V Oh, my|(lar)iiig — ' . , _ , She brukooll abruptly, seeing the shadowy -figure in tho door-way. Sho stared aftlie vision as if it had been some demon sent to call her to her eternal homo. Her hair seemed to riuo on end. Her tongue was glued to lier mouth. Tho countenance of the scorning- appari- tion changed to nn expression of ineffable despair and anguish, Sho- opened wide her arms as if to embraco Ohetwynd, and so, with outBpread arms, nnd -yearning, anguished face, sho slowly retreatisd bark ward liko tlio airy vision alio seemed, until she had: vanished into tho gloom be yond. 1 Not until tho Booming spectre hail disap peared did Lord Ohetwynd arouso from his frozen silence. But then, as if galvanised, ho flung Sylvia Monk from him in an niter forgotfuliicss of her, bounded uorotis tho room und into tho coiiBcrvnlory. Tlio wax lights were 'burning dimly lu the great arched domo of glass, and thero -vere dim nooks and slindowsou every side. I'ho mur quis dashed down a wide flower-bordered aisle like a madman. Tho glazed.'itoqrs nt the lower end of the conservatory and open ing intb 'tho. garden wero open. Ho mado for them, uttering strange and incoherent crlci, ' ???? Ciiivii .Uoul. waa staudiug mar tho duor, as if brought to r sudden halt. He hud sccc Bel nice, enter tlio conservatory, but had been u:u\l.'!» to am si her moTitmculs. He had 1 ?H-eu her hut r.o .v depart like a shadow, aud bcAvns in the act of pursuit when Lord Oli'itwyiiil'.-) swift approach made him halt. I'h'h seheiner lin-w that a crisis had occurred ?1; tin! fortunes ol himself and Sylvia, and p.'U iiii [i:v-eiit coolnens his own future -fid hers depended. IIo was equal to the occasion. 'Why, what's the matter, Ohetwynd?' lhe inked, in tho utmost apparent surpiisu. '? Good gracious I is the mun mad 1 Whcro jure you going? Why aro you running! Great Heaven I you look as if you hud aeen a ghost .1' Ohetwyud turned upon Monk, eager nnd imp.-luoiis. ' Ditl you see her?' lid cried, 'Hasany- one pii-ssed out this way?' 'No one. I have been standing in the dcorway here thvsc llfteeh minutes,' replied Monk, witli seeming truthfulness. 'Whom do you seek? Sylvia?' ' It wns Bernico I' said tho marquis, ill cxcltcmcnt. ' 1 saw her as plainly as I see. you, Gilbert — my dead wife, Beraicc 1 Help me to search tho conservatory — ' Monk put on a look of nlarm, ' My dear Ohetwyud,' lis exclnimed, 'you aro tho victim of souiu singular hallucina tion. Your brain is turned. Havo.yon for gotten that Bernice if. dead? How, then, have you seen her? Do tho dead return from their graves? My dear boy, let 1110 s-nd for Doctor Hartright, Yon have got a bi.'.iu-fever.' Olu-twynd shook off Monk impatiently, and searched the conservatory in evory nook and comer, but ho found no trace of this strange visitant. Ho dashed out iu the garden, nud Monk wc-ut with him, but they did not sec again tli3 slen ier, girlish, white robed figure of the seeming spectre. At leug'.h tliey re-entered tho conservatory, tho marquis pale mid distracted, and returned to the drawing-room. Miss Monk stood before the (ire, her cheeks again glowing, but there was a look of awfui dread and horror still iu her eyes. She imagined that the spirit of the woman \wl1O1n sho believed she had mur dered liati returned to haunt her for her crime. In her tirat horror alio had been n very coward. She hud crept away upstairs to her room, anil hud there given way to all her terrors. Tlio old East Indian nurse had given her her usual remedy — a eoothing uraugnt-anu liati comtortou tior, anil in spired her with fresh strength nud courago. Under all her superstitions and peculiar weaknesses, Miss Monk potsesssd an iron will nnd a remorseless nature. Nuthinghad, bo far, atood in her way in her attempts to win Lord Ohetwynd. Now that ho was fairly won, and again betrothed to her, alio determined that not even a visitant from the other world should tsko him from her. Having thus resolved, she returned to the drawing-room only a moment before Lord Chfclwynd reappoarcd. Sho welcomed his return with a look of gloomy reproach. Then, as if relenting, Blie swept toward him, caught his arm, and cried out: ' Oh, lloy I why did you throw mo irom you ? Why did you dart away so abruptly ? You frightened me. How my heart beats still 1 What is the matter?' 'Did you uot see Bomioo?' he nsked. ' Were you not nlso looking at yonder arch wav ?' ' I waB looking at tho nrchway,' replied the- consummate nctress, 41 but no one wa9 near it, Itoy. What do you mean by your allusion to Bernice? It cannot be that you fancied you saw her ?' 'I thought [ saw her yonder, Sylvin. It 1 is strange. I could have sworn that I be- ' 1,„M ..... .„! (?„ A... I ? -l.-.l ..... .... h-ir? Can it have been an allusion ? Gilbert was standing near tho doorway of the con servatory, and lie says that no one came in or wentoutby that way.' Sylvia swopt a sudden, keen glance at her brother ; but his faco was impassable. She determined to havo an interview with him upon tho Bubject later. Ohetwynd was stoggered in his belief. He put hia liaiid to his forehead, snying, hollowly : . ' , ' Can I havo been mistaken ? Wbb it all a freak of my over-cxcitod'bralu? It is easier to bolieve that than to bolicve that tho -dead can return. And yet, could thy imagination havo pictured her in all tbut Bplcmiour of loveliness, in the glory of a perfected boauty , tho lustre of a beauty such as I havo never seen ? . I cannot explain it.' Ho leaned ngainst' the low mantel-piece, and Sylvia laid hcr red cheelt on Mb arm in a caressing fondness. ? . ' Gilbert,?' she oaid, 'proudly, ' my place iB here, , at lloy's side, henceforth. May I tell him, lloy ? Yes?; Listen then, Gilbert. Onr old botrotlinl— Hoy's nnd mino— is re newed. .We are to1 bo : married — Hoy and 'I congratulate you, Ohetwynd, upon having won a true nnd loving heart,' said Monk, extending his hand to, thu marquis. ' This renewal of old'ro|alions will assiiredly p'rovo for the best. ' I ' suppose Sylvialwori't mind my telling you now that alio htis.lbved you all along with ' a rare devotibhi : I hope you two will bo liap^iy.' ? 'Iain uot myself yet,' said Lord Oheti wynd, with a troubled smile, ' ' I seom sud denly to ,mako tlio, discovery that I have nerves. I'll go to my room, if you'll kindly, excuse me, Sylvin. I nin grcntly. fatigued after my journey,' and ho withdrew, 'going, up to the iooms ho lmd occupied with Ber nice,' ?' ? , Gilbert Monk made a movement to with draw into tho conservatory, but Sylvia de tained him. He was anxious to search the grounds, iii hopes of discovering- Boruice, and he submitted,. to his detention with an ill-grace. \ ' What 'do you want?'! ho , asked, with an exhibition of surliness. v . ''I wnnt to know^lf you we're In. I li'o e'en servatoiy' during eouio fifteen' minutes pre vious to Lord Chctwynd's 'optical jllusloh ?' ' demanded Miss Mouk, with Barcaatic ehi phasis. ? v ? ? 1 ' . Monk rjpliiid in the alflrmative, ' And yoh saw.nosorie enter or go out?' Monk hastened to utter a negative,- - 'I dcu't, believe you,' said .-the refino'd Sylvia, with considerable rudeness. 'I know bettor. I saw the ghost, if it waB a ghost, and so did you. What is your object tn' denying the fact to toe /:' ? ' ' I havo no object. I saw no ghost, and I can swear to my denial, if you choose. You must havo boon reaiing Mrs. Orowe. You would do bettor to think of the great victory you ,havo won, I ndviso you to hasten your marriage, I hnvo nearly run through my thousand pounds, and. I want more. You remember that you promised me an, annuity of n thousand pounds on your bocoming Lady Ohetwynd. Hurry up the marriage. That ia my advice.' ; Ho kissed hia fingers to her carelessly! and sauntered away into the con servatory. Miss Monk looked after liira .'with a pnr.r.led fro'-vn, . ' 1 1 wish I know whnt scheme occupies him now,' she thought. ' Gilbert has changed during the past year. I must confess he is getting too deep forme; I can't fathom him. What prompts him to deny that he saw that figure in white? If It was n spcctre, he miiBt have seen it, since it was visible to both Itoy and inc. If it woro not a spoctro, whnt was it ? On my aoul;I bolievo Gilbert knows,' With this conviction Miss Monk wont up tu her own rooms. 'Bins found old ltngeo in tho dressing-room, just unlocking the doors of the precious Hast Indian cabinet. Tho old ayah atarted at Miss Monk's entrance, and hastened to lock tho doors opening into tlio hall, She then returned to tho cabinet, and opened the secret compartment and took out the tiny gold box of rare Rast Indian poisons, 'What are you going to do?' asked Mies Monk, sinking Into an easy chair, ' 1 want to seo tlinl lny globules have u-:l been tampered vitli,' responded oid Hagec, 'I feel uneasy, Missy, about that ghost. It can't be possible that 1 made a mistako in the vinl, but 1 intend to see. If 1 had made a mistake the girl would have died iu her coffin nil thu same— no, she would have recovarcd hor conscious:;-.', '*;, at the end of three days. It's alright Mia.-y, but I'll just make Bure.' Miss Monk watched her sttenda^t with languid interest, while tho ayah opened tho two vials wo have just before described. ' jliicio wero one uuuureu giouuies in each,' muttered the old womau, 'I took ono out of vial number two, leaving uinety iiino. I will count them.' Sho proceeded to do bo.' 'It's alright, ' she announced. ' There are just ninety- nine remaining. I can't tell wliai made me so foolish, but juot as euon as you spoke of the ghost I fell a desire to look at theso vials.' ' Look nt the vial number throe,' said Miss Mouk, ' Still, that's ail nonsense. It's alright, only there's one tiling sure, Itagec— Gilbert knows Bnmothing about that ghost, or whatever it was. He swears he saw nothing. I wish I knew what game of hia own ho was playing. Thero's one thing sure — lie knows tho secret of that mysteri ous intruder of to-night. The old ayah's weird oyea gleamed with a sudden light. She hurriedly seized upon tho third vial, opened it, nnd began hastily to count its contents. A look of dismay camo orer her (aeo when Bhe had finished. ' Can't you make it count right ?' asked Miss Monk with sudden interest, ' Tticre'B only ninety-eight globules here,' answered thu old woman, blankly. ' And thore were n hundred 'Hxuctly thnt— n hundred in each vinl.' . ' You mny havo dropped n couple and Miss Monk began to search. I ' Slay, Miasy,' said tho old ayah, inn touu of deep significance. 'Answer mo n question : Wns Gilboitathoinoon tho tlio day thnt Lady Ohotwyud was taken in v- 1 'Ycb. Don't you remember that ho was iu my boudoir before dinner?' ' Was lie in your boudoir before we opened this cabinet, and had ourconvorsatiou about Lady Ohetwynd ?' ' Yes ; lie went out, and I called you, and we camo iu hero.' ' Ah I And he was back in three day'B time?' 1 ' Yes. I telogrnphcd him that Lady Ohetwynd was dead. You knew all this. Why do you ask ao many unimportant questions?' ' 8imply to confirm my own auspicious and remembrances,' said the old wouinn, her black faco growing yellow. Missy, Gilbert Monk isns Uecnaa a tiyer that rccnts blood. He suspected us. When he went out from your room that day he must havo slipped in hero. The doors wmo locked, it is true. How did he get in! With a bit of wire, perhaps. Ho Ib keen, is Gilbert Monk, He hid in there; ho heard all wo said. I remomber I wout to my own ,-ooiu for another vinl. Only one link is wanting to make tho chain of my suspicious complete and deepen them into dead certainty. If you had been absent from this room a moment — ' t Miss Monk uttered a singular cry, s ' I was absent,' she ejaculated. : 'liady Ohetwynd came to the door of my boudoir for a piece of music.' ' Then all is elenr. Gilbert cbaugid the globules,. and took an extra one out of this vinl number three. He, was hack , in three days. Ho gave her ladyship mora of the drug. She was buried. Ho rcscued her. IIo has iiiddon her somewhere all thcBo months. Lady Ohetwynd lives. ~It-S?as 'no ghost, but Lady Ohetwynd herself, whom you saw to-night I' OHAPTEIi XIII, ' ' A DIBTBltBIXU I'ltESEKCB. The announcement of old lliigee's in stinotive conviction that Lady Chetwynd lived, nnd that it wns herself nnd not her spectre' Sylvia .Monk had seen, was de livered with a startling vehcmonce that for an inBtant almost carried conviction also to Sylvia's heart. She looked appalled. Tho hnndsomo swarthy faco lost its deep red stain in chccks and lips; tho dull black eyes opened wide iu nn expression of utter terror nnd abhorrence. 'Alive I Bernice alive I' sho whispered, hollowly. ? ' Impossible I' ' Not impossible, Missy, if Gilbert Monk should havo circumvented our plans,' said old lUgeo, uoidlng her turbancd head, her witch.liko features working convulsively. ' I did not suspect him of boing so deep, but depend upon it ho was hid iu these moms upon that day bo long ago when we planned Lady Obetwynd'8 death, and I10 charmed the globules, nnd lias now in his keeping the globules you should have given young Lady Ohetwynd.' ' I don't believe it,' Bald Miss Monk, with sudden vohemenco. ' I toll you it is not ««.'? I-would rather bolieve that 1 saw a ghost to ni»ht than thnt I saw the living Bernice Ohetwynd. I can prove to my own satisfaction tlmt it wns not Dernicn. If it wero tho true Lady Ohetwynd in the body, where has she been nil thcao fifteen mouths since her buiial?' ; ' Gilbert might hnvo kept her out of sight, for purposes of his own.' '?If it had been Lady Ohetwynd ,:in tho flesh,' demanded Sylvia Monk,' '- why did she not speak ? Why did ohe nqt rush Into the room and throw herself in hor husoaud's arms?' v ? Tho old East Indian woman shook her head. | ? The question waB to her altfb unanswer able. ' ? : 'j 5 Sylvia Mouh's face .began loVglow .with n certain triumph. - T - ;'.Ali, you cannot answer, 'shij exclaimed, With a thrlll of jubilance in ji?r silvery .tohes. ;':I tliought not. And Gilbert was too unmoved . nnd quiet to: havo sn'ffered recent.alarra, You have made a mistake in counting, or there wero not oripinajly one hundreu globules in each vial;' declared Sylvia, positively. ' Wo have £een Scared beyond all reason. We will be wi,tc(iful of Gilbert, but I am peisundcd tliat I', saw a Bpcctre to-night.' She leaned back on tho cushions of her chair in a dclicious content. Old Hngce looked up her tiny gold box cf deadly drugs, and restored them -to the secret compart ment of tho Indian cobinet. As she locked the silver-mounted door of thu latter, and pushed the silver-mounted butterfly into its placo over the intricate lock, sho .shook her weird turbaned head nnd mu'ttersd, ia atone too low to reach Sylvia's cars : ' If Miasy is satisfied, let her remain so. But UB for mo, I nm not satisfied. I'll watch Gilbert. I'll examine his trunk and clothcB in search of tho missing globule. I'll dog him like his Bhadow. I'll know if a Bpectre has come to haunt Chetwynd Park — if some Btrange woman is personating Lady Chetwynd— or if her ladjBhip ia nllvc. If she's alive, thero's daugcr for us ahead, nnd 1 must be on my guard to meet it. If she's alive, she'll not bo liviug long.' The old woman set her lips together grimly, and a menacing look gleamed in her small, furtive eyes. While Sylvia Monk was thus lulling herself into n fatso security, and while old Ilagco wns determining to probe tha mjBtery that waB so fraught with danger to her Idolised young mist res?, the lord of Ohetwynd was in his wife's rooms, a prey to tho keenest agitation und distress. He had walked through the long- deserted rooma, noting that everything was procaely hs. B^rflico tad left it. Here was her favorite qhfiir by the hearth of tho boudoir ; liertTwas hor desk 'f there was her bqokq', hj:r sVotchcs ; ia ycmdcTwfes her open dressing, case/with its gold mountings, its cut.glass b' tlks with ;;:):d,ii bt»|-)-e: ?, its boxn ? exquisitely chased g-dd tn..,-Le.l will, ?.i wife's monogram ; in the ?pncious waul lobes of the drcsdug room weie the gjr uiente she had worn. The looms seemed inslini't with her presence. Ohetwynd half expected to see her rise from poine chair, or enter at the door, tho impression of her near presence wm so strangely vivid. He walked for hums in the long closed rooms, uutii the fires burned low. Thin, with his strange nuxiety and restlessness still upon him, he retired to Bernice's bed chamber. The bwi was the s :011c as when sho had U6ed to occupy it. lie knelt down by thu bedside and sobbed aloud. For a ioug time ho knelt there, and gradually he grew calm with the calmness of his old despair. IIo arose and turned down tho pas iight to a dim half light, iu which every object iu the room was dis tinctly visible, aud then lie flung himself, fuliy dressed, upon a low couch before the hentth. He could not sleep in llio bed iu which he believed that Bernico had died. He lay with cloaed eyes, a travelling rug drawn over him. Ho wsb tired and worn, nnd gradually a sense of sleepinesi slolo over him, nnd ho dozed uneasily. IIo was aroused suddenly, with a swift ncBS of thought, by a aoft touch on his fore head. He did not open his eyes, nnd the touch descended again, as softly as a snow flake falls, upon his mouBtached lipB. The touch was slightly chill but it was like a silent, fluttering kiss. He stirred— bo opened bis eyes. And then he saw again the vision that he had Been hours before in the lower rooms. Ho beheld Bernicc— Bernice in the develop ment of a magnificent and splendid beauty — with the tender, innocent eves he had loved ; with the uensitive mouth ; with tho lithe, light, graceful figure, and wearing still the white robes in which she had been buried. Ho lay still, scarcely daring to breathe. Sho had glided from him to tho distance of u few feet, and was regarding him with au ineffable love aud anguish. She opened nor inoutn as 11 to spcair, uutuoworusenme. Sliu spread her bared arms as if to enfold him. ' Bernice I' cried out tho young lord, in a sharp, shrill voice. 'Bernice, speak to me I' Sho Bhook her head Borrowfully, and slowly retreated towards hia dressing room. With a startling cry, he sprang up from his couch and bounded toward her. Bhe continued her swift retreat, looking backward at him over her Bhoulder with that radiant face of love und sorrow, and disappeared in tho dressing room. The door closed behind her. Ohetwynd dashed it open, but tho vision was gone. Ho explored the bath-room adjoining ; he ran out iuto the great hall, the dour lending into it from the bath-room being unlocked ; he searched tho great empty gujat-chambers, but he found no trace of his strange visi tant. 1Mb search aroused Mies Monk, nnd she appeared in a scarlet dressing-grown, her , feet eneasod in Blippers of white down, look iug frightened, while old Eageo peered aver her shoulder, Chetwynd apologised for mousiiig Sylvia, and made some unintel ligible excuse, but kept up his wild search, being half beside himself. He knucked at Gilbert Monk's door, but there e.vno no rispotise. The door wns un locked, aud he entered the room. A light and n tire were burning, but Mouk was not there. OonBiderably puzzled at Monk's absence from his rooms an hour pnst midnight, the marquis relumed to tho hull, where Sylvia still stood, wondering and bewildered. 'Did you hear burglars, Roy?' cried Sylvia Monk. 'Ia not Gilbert in his room?' ' No ; he is not there. I— I fancied I saw something, Sylvia, and I cams to look. That's all. Goodnight.' 'Was it — was it tho spectre again, Boy?' ' Yes,' said Chetwynd, desperately. ' I fancied that 1 saw her once moro. Good night.' He went into his rooms and closed his doors, and Miss Monk, in great perturba tion, retirod to her own apartments. The two women argued themselves into a 6tate of calmness nfter a little, but Lord Chet wynd walked bis floors all the long night, and wntohed, aud listened, and wailed. But the spectre did not come again. Gilbert Monk, after leaving his Bister in the drawing-room, had hurried out of doors, as we have said, in search of Bernice. The one great idea that possessed him was to lind her. lie comprehended that ho stood upon '.ho brink of exposure. He searched the lawn, the shrubbery, the rocks overhauling tho Bea, the strip of beach, the boat and bath houses, nnd pene trated far into the park, peeping into nookB und glndes and coverts, but ho did net find her. IIo hurried in and out among the thick Bhadows of the trees for hours, and at last the conviction came to him that Bhe had iu Bomo way eluded him. ?'Sho may bo hidden in the bouse all this while,' he thought. ' Sho may have gone to lny room to plead with me to release her from her vow. Little i'urilau I She will not dare break her sworn oath not to reveal lier identity to Chetwynd, or any other, without any permission. She is truth itself. But what n test for her, Iu stand before Chetwynd to-night, and not be able to speak to him I The girl's ao brave nnd true as she is beautiful.' He acted upon his new idea, hurrying into thu houso ami up to his roums. It was past eleven o'clock, nnd the lightB were all turned oil' or burning dimly. There was no one in the great hall, into which the faint moonlight feVrcumt'tl through the end win dows.. lis opened his door. .Tho lire and light weru burning, but no person was in his room. It seemed io him, however, that sumo ouc hail: beeif there recently. The rug was disarranged, ns if one knell upon it, and the fire seemed to have been lately stirred to a brighter blaze by an unskilful hand. He. wns cure Bernice had stolen in herein hia abseiK'C.and had rcmaiued sumc minutes to warm herself, and in anticipation of his return. ' She'll come again,' ho thought. ' She's like un uncaged leopardess since she saw her husband. I'll wait hero for her.' He left his door unlocked that she might enter silently, nud flung himself into an easy-chair in an ohscuro corner, nnd waited for her appearance. But the time wore; on uud she did uot coine. The great clock Btruck the hour of twelve, but still Herntce did not ciim.v * Monk waited until a great fear enmo to him that Bernico might have eutercd her old rooms— might have seen her husband there — aud carried away by the supreuiB ecstasy of the moment, and her joy at seeing him, might have permitted biin to clasp her in hia arms. A cold sweat sprang to Monk's visage. He pulled off his boots and put on a pair of cork-soled slippers, nud then stole out again into the hall, Ho crept to tho various doors opening into tho hall from Lord Chctwynd's suite of private rooms. Ho was certain that Chetwynd was in the bed-chamber. The Bound of gentle and tegular breathing be came at last perceptible. Ohetwynd was within— asleep. Bernico was not there. Yet he waited, watching, listening. How tho minutes dragged I At last ho henrd, or fancied ho heard, soft footfalls upon the carpet within — tho rustle of n woman's silken dress. How his heart beat now 1 He bent closer still at the koy.nole. Ah ! now he heard tho cry of Ohetwynd as ho started up from his Bleep— tho name of Bernico I Sho was there I Monk could haye beat upon tho door in his agony. He was sure t^ryt all was^over now — that Bernico had broken her oath — that the had reveale-l, her living' presence to her husband. What remained for him but flight ? — (51? it Coitiiiiiieti.) 