Sporting Gossip. [Br THE VAGRANT.] Mi A Hoi an of Casino, has purchased the thoroughbred hoi SP, First Cheater, for COO guineas I for stud puipoaes The son of Chester and Marie Stewart is a be mtifully shaped horse although slightly on the leg, and should get good stock from the many fine mares at Caisno He was lately used by Mr P M'Carthy, at Morpeth Anothor exemplification of how the mighty aie fallen wib lately afforded by the English mare Gamos The daughUr of Saunterer won the Oaks of 1867, in addition to seven other events, but that notwithstanding she w13 sold a few weeks bnek for 15 guineas Of couise the old dame is twentj five years of age, and that had much to do with her Seereise in value Mr St Vincent has been appointed handicapper for the approaching meeting of the Tamworth Jockey Club Mr James M'Carthy has again put his old favor îto, Strenchym, m work after a lengthened rest The Morpeth trainer has a few empty boxes just at present I am sorry to say that In\ ader has broken down and Mr James Mayo has sent the son of Grand- master to bie> owneL s place (Turanville), to be u=ed at the stud next season The little biown naa a slashing good horse when wound up pioperly and as he is just now in beautiful condition it is a, pitj that his kg will not stand hard work Mi Pat M'Carthy, of Morpeth, purchii«ed the race niait. Madame at the recent Newcastle meeting The daughter of The Drummer his been 1 bad por former, but has the reputation of being a logue Anyhow Mr Coppard sold ber for a tenth of what he gave foi her a couple of yoms ago, so that in any case Mi McCiithy c innot lose much by her The recent meeting of the Newcastle Jockey Club was the most successful gathering e\ er held under its auspices in every way but from a finan cial point of view, and oven th en there cannot be much of a deficit if the balance does get on the wrong side of the ledger This satisfactoi y state of affau s was considerably assisted by the victoiy and subsequent sale of Sardo, for ¿6113, all of which went to the club the son " T ' J n 1-"J B"ll" " " wnTO of Sardonyx and Richmond Belle is a very slippery gentleman, and when hie friends are so .inclined they will scoop a big sprint race with him. I never saw Vespasia in such rare buckle before, and Billy Rouse fully deserved his win on Thurs- day, for he has stuck to the mare through thick and thin. Needless to say, I hope the succès is but the forerunner of many. Hurrah is a very useful horse, and so too is Summerhill, who will win many events when he thickens out a bit, but he was ridden badly in all his races. I fancied Pet Girl was the deadest of dead birds in the City Handicap on Saturday, but it was not to be, for Pye-who was on her-just rode herthe one way it was possible to lose, and the ancientLancer beatheronthepost. The old son of Westminster was rough looking, but healthy, and tho gallop of Thursday improved him greatly. He must be now about eleven years old, and was purchased for .£1000 a long time back by Mr. Thomas Ivory, who got all his money back and a bit more when ho shortly afterwards won the Hawkesbury Autumn Handicap from Bonnie Bee and Cerise and Blue. Lancer has run an immense number of races, indeed he started on thirty-six occasions as a five and six-year-old, and scored only three places. Ho won the Brisbane Cup before he came to this colony, where he has been a dis- appointment. His party did not win much on his Newcastle run, for the horse had only been taken up a few weeks after a long spoil. Katie, who won the Epsom Handicap, is but a galloway, still she is AS sudden as they make them, and her victory waB a bit of a surprise to many people, for a story was going the rounds beforo she was saddled that she had being hurt and was hanging in slings in her box. My old friend Marie must he but the ghost of herself else she would have made but short work of the moderates which opposed hoi in the Farewell Handicap, whereas she only won by a nose. I must congratulate Mr. Alex. A. Farthing, the energetic and attentive secretary, upon the success of the reunion, and upon his display with the red flag. He started upwards of 100 horses in the two days, yet did not inflict even a shilling fine, a rather pleasant contrast to the metropolitan artist's style. The horse My Lord has made some great efforts to win the Oakleigh Handicap at the Caulfield meet- ing. On the first occasion in which he started iii the race he cairied 9st 12lband gothome, whilst on Saturday last he carried lOat, and was beaten by j Titan and Iladoo after a great race. The Scotch athlete, Duncan Ross, has been running against a snag in Melbourne. He got into a dispute with the well-known veteran boxer, Mick Nathan, and after using abuse him, offered to fight him. The challenge was taken up, and at it the pair went. Nathan got all over Ross, and to the astonishment of everyone, throw the big fellow in the three rounds they had. Then Ross wanted to wrestle, but, after a bout, which lasted less than half-a-minute, he was thrown fairly on his back. Then he would have another round, and got it, for Nathan jobbed him two or three times, and then knocked the Scotchman out by a bang in the jaw. Considering that Ross is over 6ft. high and weighs about 16st. to Nathan's 5ft. 5in. and ¿Ost., the former must be a very much overrated athlete or a pretty fair drinker. Mr. Tom Ryan, who brought the hurdle horse Sir Joshua from Queensland to New South Wales some time back has returned to Bananaland, taking with ¿im our old friend T.W. and a couple of other moderates. The son of Slanderer is to be tried at the illegitimate game, I'm told. England's best trotter, Steel Grey, died a few weeks back. She once trotted ten miles in 27inin. SGiseub., which is a wonderful performance. A remarkable tact is told ot tüe brood mare Primrose, now at the Woodburn stud. She is now carryiug her twentieth foal, yet the oldest of her produce is nged but twenty, and nineteen of them are alive. The celebrated trotter Maud S. stands 15.8 in -front, and 16 hands behind. So the sensational Moorebank has had his roguish life ended by the well-earned bullet. The manner in which the money was piled on the son of Moore thorpe for the late Caulfield Cup, the unsatisfac- tory way in which he ran, the public outcry about the exhibition, and the investigation by the V.R.C. ave still fresh in the minds of my punting readers. The horse has been backed on several occasions since, but never won a race. He got cast in his box a day ago, and when discovered had broken one of his legs. He was at once shot, and a veterinary surgeon made a post mortem with the result that he discovered the horse had at one time suffered from paralysis, brought about by poisoning. It therefore seems probable that the investigation as te Moorebank's running in the Caulfield Cup will be re-opened in an effort to discover who nobbled him. If the committee of the A.J.C. long continue as at present constituted I will not be surprised to learn that it has framed and passed a rule that all ponies or galloways shall be shot or otherwise done away with, for oven now the august body named discountenances the use of ponies in every way possible. Recently the A.J.C. debarred all clubs under its jurisdiction from running a gallo- way or pony race in conjunction with what it is pleased to call races proper, and was quite unmoved by the howl of indignation with which it was re- ceived. At its last committee meeting it went a 3top farther and passed the following regulations : -1. Any trainer owning or having an interest in or having in his stable any pcny or galloway for racing purposes shall have his license cancelled. 2. No licensed jockey shall own or have any interest or share in any racehorse. 3. No licensed jockey shall have any interest in any wager on any raee. 4, No licensed jockey shall be permitted to ride in any race for ponies or galloways. So far as No. 2 and 3 go they may be necessary, but the others are simply ridicuiuus, and coming as they do from a self- censtituted and irresponsible body of men who have made the gravest errors in the past they should not be accepted by the other metropolitan and provincial clubs. As I have before pointed out quite as legitimate sport can be got out of ponies and galloways in the shape of racing as from their larger brethren, and instead of the A. J. C. trying to crush the game it should foster it, lend it the light of its countenance, and by every means in its power see that the events were properly and fairly conducted. Instead, however, the A. J. C. in a fit ?of jealous despotism attempted to stifle all proprie- tory clubs by doing away with a great source of revenue by barring pony races, whilst its careless and negligent treatment of country clubs is too well known to need comment. Even the jockeys are likely to rise with one voice and yell at the new regulation, " no licensed jockey shall ride in pcny races." 'Tis but a few weekB since the A.J.C. decreased the fee for a I losing mount from ¿E3 to £2 ; and they now take further money from the lads, who were in the habit of earning many a fiver at peny meetings. But , the matter is too bad altogether to write nbcrnr, ! and I fancy if the A.J.C. follows its present course , much longer it will soon find the last straw. If my friends with retentive memories want a real good thing in the future let them recollect the name Britannia. This is a mare by The Englishman from Minerva, by Blue Gown (by Lord of the Hills) from old Lancashire Laos, and she is the property of Messrs. Husband and Nicholl's, who used to own that good horse Isonomy. A Sydney friend who was at the 3eelong meeting, where Britannia won the Cup and Geelong Handicap, tells me that the mare is the best I-f ever saw over a bit of distance, and he gives Cerise and Blue, Viva, Tempe, Brown and Rose, and the rest of them in. It is said of Britannia, who is five years old, that as a three-year-old, she slipped a foal, was then trained, and is a beauti- fully shaped animal. Last week I expressed a fondness for the common looking Grandlike, and gave my readers the whisper that he was likely to come into the market and get a place in the Newmarket. That my information was of the best description was proved by sub- sequent events. On Thursday morning Grandlike and Richelieu were put together at Flemington for a trial, and the son of Splendor began so quickly and galloped so speedily that he made his com- panion stop, and ran the six furlongs in 1 min. 16} sees., which is the fastest gallop ever seen there. The horse was at 100 to 1 in the morning, but he quickly rose in the market until in the evening his price was 100 to 7, and ho was suppoited to win fully ¿£10,000. It was rumoured that Grandlike had his shoes off in the gallop, but that is im- probable, and of course if bad the gallop is not at all an extraordinary one. If he had not it means that the chestnut gelding should break 1.14 in the actual race. From all I can glean the injuiies sustained by Abercorn are not at all so serious as at first rumoured, and they are not at all likely to lead to the permanent retirement of the great son of a ! great siro from the post to the paddock. On Thurs- day morning tho chestnut waa ou the Fleming- ton course, and although he did not work he walked sound enough One tout remarked that the hoiso's quarters looked wasted, but probably hot fomenta tions had been applied, and they very often have that effect Anyhow all true sportsmen «ill be glad to learn that there is some chance of Abercorn carrying the blue and white jacket into pio mment positions in the near future, but this break m his pieparations is bound to mtcrfeie with his show of winning In consequence of the Tamworth course being only one mile round instead of a mile and a quarter, the A JC havo refused to register it, but will grant the meetings registration as they come on Horseowners would do well to read this - Nominations for the excellent programme of the Singleton Jockey Club are due this evening, entries foi Gundy îaces must be made to day, the events on the bill of fare of the Northern Jockey Club will require attention on the 7th, and Paterson races close on the 8th You pays your money and you takes your choice Darby, the wonderful English jumper, has lately cleared a bar 5ft 9in high with his ankles tied to gether tightly One of his latest feats is to leap into a tank of water and out again without wetting the tops of his shoes Colonel North's dog Fulleiton, which won the Waterloo Cup the other day, cost the " Nitrate King" 850 guineas as a puppy Last year the gentle man named was fortunate enough to divide the Cup with Fullerton and his other dog Trougheiid, which is a relation of the former through his sire Fullerton's sire Gieenstick was runner up in the Cup of 1884 whilst his dam Bit of Fashion won in the following year, so it ia an aristocratic family Long before what I have hero written meets the eye of some of the back block readers of the Mercury the Newmarket Handicap will be a thing of the past, so that it would be but a mere waste ot time and space to enter into long comparisons of all tho hoises engaged in the great sprint lace Suffice it to say that it is this yeai a greater puzzle than I ever remembei it to have been, and although many horses have been legitimately backed, it is just possible that an out- sider will flop up and scoop the pool, or that some of the more f ivoured ones aro as stiff as a corpse I think the winner will spung from Bo7, Anatocrat, Rudolph, Meiriment, Fernando, Giandlike, and Fishwife, but as only one eau wm, I must furthei i educe them My first impression was that Fer- nando would wm, and the Queensland colt has since boen supported by his party, but so far as I ean see he has not done a gallop of importance, although my mfoimation is that he will run 114 or better Anstoeiat is a great horse when well, and it seems that he has been genuinely backed on this occasion, but his connections are awfully clever If Merriment be befriended by the proper people he will run a great race, whilst the deeds of the others need no recapitulating Here's what I think will be the "c'rect card" -Fishwife (or Fernando), 1 ; Rudolph, 2, Grandlike, 3 Dread- nought should add another to the Hon J White's list of St Legers if he be asked the question, but anyhow the prize should go to Kirkham The son of Trafalgar ia likely to beat Carbine in all the wcight-for-age races, and if he starts for the Cup should also win that, as he appears to be thefavoied one Singapore will run a great horse if not sacrificed for his stable mate, and T like Melos and Oakleigh better than any other Joe Goddaid, the well-known boxei, sails for England next month The eighth of the popular Gaslight Handicaps will be run on March 8, and nominations for it are due on Monday e\ onmg ' 