BEATRICE. By Rider Haggard, Author of ' King Solomon's - Mines , ' 'She,', Allan Quartermain,' ' Mr Meeson's Will,' i' Cleopatra, 'ire. -i CllAl'TKIt XV. .1 iv ?? ONLr OOPD-NIOTIT. C... Five mors, dnys p.issod, nil too quickly j- and ouco m iro Momiay carno round. It was tb'u 22iui »f Oetoliep aD(l iha JiIiclinelmns Sittings bogan on the 24fKlvcOO',.tlie morrow, Tii 'SiJny, Geoffroyy \vus;-' ttf' n'Uirn to London, thero'lameot Ludy Iionorhi and got to workint Chambsrs,. That very .morn ing, indoed. a briof, tho liiggosL ho Imd., jot reoeived— it marked ~ Ihirtv gninens— had, boon forwarded to liira fromjhia Cliauibars, wilha nito from his clerk to tlVe efToct that Iho imso was expeptod;to-b,a;in:tho special jury list on the first day o£. ti'10 sittings, and that the clerk had' made an appointment for him with tho solicitors for 6 15 on the Tuc.-.duy. The brief was seut to him by his unalo's firm, and marked, 'With yon j tho Attorney- General anil Mr Candleton, Q. G.' the well. known leaderc..:oJ.'-' tJje.-'Probato and Divorce Court Bur. Nov.or before had Geoff rey found himself in such honourable company, that is on the back of a brief, and hot a litllo was he elated thereby. But when he caoie to look into the oase^is joy abated somewhat, for it was, -que of the most perplexing that ho had ever known. 'Jho will contested, which was that of a Yorkshire money lender, disposed of property to the Value of over £80,000, and was pro pounded by . a uieee of tho testator who, 'hen he died, if actually weak in his mind, was in bis dotage, and super stitious to the veorgp of insanity. Tim niece to whom all the property was left —to the exclusion of the son and daughter of the deceased, both married, and living away Irom home — stayed with the testator ml looked after him. Shortly before bis death, however, he and this niece had violently quarrelled on Account of on intimacy which tile latter hud' formed with a man of bar! re pute who was a discharged lawyer's clerk. So serious had been tho quarrel that only three days before his death the testator bad sent for a lawyer, and formally; by moans of a codicil, deprived tbe nieco of a sura of £2,000 which ho had left her, all tlie rest of his property beiag divided bet ween his son nnd daughter. Three dayaj, afterwards, however,' . lie v-duly executed e freBh will, in ths presence; of^r- two . servants, by which lie. left all ? . his property' to the niecr to tho entire exclusion of his ov|u-children. This will, though very ahbYti was-'in ^proper form, and was written:by nobody knew'whom. The servants stated that the testator before signing it was porfectly acquainted with its. contents, for the niece hod rondo him''rep_eat ? them ia their presence. Thoy,,also deol ared, however, that he SBBm'ed'in' a- terrible fright, and said twice,' It's behind me; it's behind met'''' iL;'' ff\Vi thin an hour of the signing of the will'tho testatbr was found dead, ap parently jujin the eSocts of fear, but the:ni£co was not in tho room at tho time of death. : The only other remar kable circumstance in the case was that the disreputable lover of tho nitce had boen seen, hanging about the house at dusk, the'testator having died at teu o'clock at night. There was also a further fact. The son, . on .reoeiving; a message from the niece that his father was seriously worse, had hurried with extraordinary' speed to the honae, pass ing some ono or something — ho conld not tell whut— -that seemed to be runn ing, from the; window of the sick man's room, which was on tho ground floor, and beneath whioh were foot marks two feasts of which had been . ..taken, of which photo graphs'wore forwarded -with the britf. They had been made by naked feet of small size, and in each; case the little joint of the third toe of the ;iglit jfoot. seemed to be missing. Bnt all iatleinpts to find tho feet that rnado ? ^them had hitherto failed. The will . ^wns.contastod by tho next of kin, for whom Geoffrey wa- one ofr-the counsel, npon tho.' usual grounds of undue iu ;fluence and fraud ; but as it seemed at present with small prospect of success, for, though the circumstances were ' suspicions enough, there was not tho slightest ovidence ot either; Tin's cuiions case, of which tho outlines are bore written, is briefly set out, . beoeuse it proved to bo tho foundation of Geoffrey's enormous practice and .reputation at. tho Bar. f' He read tilt briof through twico, thonght it ovor well, and could malco little of it. It waa perfectly obvioua to him that there had boen foul play somewhere, but he found himself quito ii.hnable to form a workable hypothesis. Was tho person — if it was a person — who hod been seen running away J1 concerned in tho in.ittbr ? If so was j.he'itho author of the footprints 1 Of course the ex-lawyer's clerk had some thing, to do with it, but what 1 In vain did Geoffrey cndgel bis brninB ; ovory idea that o'e'eurod to him broko down Bomewhero or other. ? ' We shall lose this,' he said nlond in 'despair, 'suspicious circumstances are not enough to upset a will,' and then addressing Beatrice, who waB sitting at tho table working : 'Here, Miss Granger, you havo a smattering of law, see if you can muks anything of this,' and he^ pushed the heavy brief towards her. Beatrice took it with a laugh;, nnd for the next throo.guarters of '-nu hour hor fair brow W'-b pnulcored.up in nl way anaint to see. At!la;l uhefinishediand shut the brief up. 'Let me.\look at the photographs,' alio said. Geoffrey hai.deJ tbCm-'toi her, She ' very carofnlly oxaminod first oiKr aud thou tbo other, and 'as 'Slia idid so n light of intelligence broko out on hor face. '? Well. Portia, .havo you Jgot it ? ' £o asked. I ?' I have got somerhing,' silo ans wered. 'I do not know if it is right. Don't you see, the old man was super stitious ; thoy frightened him first of all by a ghostly voice or somo suoli thing into -igningtho will, and thon to death aftor ho had signod it. The lawyor'n clork prepared tho will— he would know how to do it. Th^n he was smuggled into tho room under the bed, or Bomewhore, dressod up 'as a ghost perhaps. Tho sending for tho boy by tho nicco was a blind. The thing that was seen running away was, a boy — tlioso footprints wero mado by a boy. I havo soan so many thousands on tho sands hero that I could swoar to it. He was attracted -to tho house from tho road, whidlilwas' quite near, by catchiug sight of something nn;.' usuil through tho , blind; tho briof says thero wore no curtains or abutters Now look at tho photogruplis of tlie foolpritils. Seo in No. 1, found out side tho window the toes aro pros-od down deepiv into tho mud. The ownor of tbo foot was standing on tip-too. to get a hotter view. But in No. 2, which' was found near where tho son thought he saw a person running;; tho toes are spr'ad out quito wide, ; That is tho footprint of some ono who was . in a groat hurry. Now it is not probable that a boy had anything to do with the testator's death. Why, then, was ;tlie boy running so hard? I will tell you : because he was frigtenod at something ho had seon through the blind, -So frightened was he, that ho will' riot come forward, or answer the advertise ment and inquiries. Find a boy in that town who has n j -int missing .on the third too of the right foot, and you will soon know all about it.' ' ? ? ' By Jovo,'said GeofFroy, ' what a criminal lawyer you would make ! I bolievo that you havo got it. But, how are we to hnd this boy with the. miss ing toe joint? Every ..pos-dblo inquiry has already boen made nil, I failed. 'No' body has seen such a boy. whoso defi cioncy w -uld probably be kuowir/by.bis purents, or schoolfellow's.' T ' Yei-,' said Beatrice,:.' it has . f. iled, because the boy has taken to wearing, bIioph, which indeed he ; would alway* havo to do at school. His parents, if ho iias iitiy, would pqrliaps no't apeak of his l.^islignreinont, und no ohe.olsa^ might know of it, especially if ho was a now-comT iu the neighbourhood. It is quiio Vpossible that, bo took off.his boots iujonlor to creep up to the'vw'in ?dow. lAJnd now I will toll von liow I should j iot to work to find liim. I should have every batlntig-plnco in the river running through* the town— there is a river — carofnlly watche 1 by, 'detec tives. In this . weather ' (the autumn was an, ^usually warm ' one) 'boys of that class often paddle and sometimes hathe. f :If thoy walch cljso onoCjjh thoy will probably, fiiid, n boy with a missing'toe joint amongst tbe numbor.' ' What a good ioeci,' said Gooffrey 'I wiil tolograph to the lawyers, at once. ;; I certainly believe ,that -:you liavo got tho clno.' - ,.-J; And' as it turned out afterwards Beatrice hud got it.; her suppositions wero right iu almost overy particular. Tho boy, who proved to bo tbo son oi n pedlar who ,had recently come into town, , was found wading and by a clever trick, which need not bo detailed frightened into telling the truth, as he had previously frightened liimsolf nto. holding his tongue. ? He liad'evon;''as Beatrice conjecled taken off his boo-s to creep np to the window,* nnd as ho ran away, had, in his fright;. drop; o l them into a ditch of water. There; thoy wero found, and went for to' con vince the jury of tho truth of his stiry Thus it w is that Beatrice's ,qu ok wi' laid tbe foundations of GeoftVoy'fi great Buceess. . ? ? This particular Monday was fiald day at the vicarage, Jonos ha 1 proved, ondurato ; no power on earth oouldin duce him to pay tlie r £3i lis 4d due on account of tithe. Therefore ;Mr Granger, fortiflod by tho judgment duly obtained hod announced his ii) tontinn of distraining upon Jones' hay and cattle. Jones had replied with inl lioliint dffinnco. If any bailiff,: or aua tioueer, or such people came to soli his hoy, lie would kill thorn,'. iV So Baid Jones, aud eummoned liis supporters, many of; whom owedUithe, and none of .whom wished to pay ii, to do battle in his cause. For his par1, Mr Granger retained an auctioneer of undoubted courage, who was to arrive on this very afternoon supported by six policemen ? to curry out the sale. Beatrice felt norvolis ibout tho wlinl» think, but Elizabeth was. very deter mined and the ul i clergyman was tlow bom tiastio and now despondent. The euctioneor arrived duly by the one o'clocK train-' Ho . was a tall able bodied man, not unlike Geoffroy iu appearance, indeod nt twenty yards distant it would havo been difficult to toll them apart. Tho sale was to take place at half-past two, and Mr Johnson — that was the auctioneer's name went to the inn to get his-: dinnor be foro proceeding to business; ?_ - .He was informed of the hostile d.embhstr,ition which awaited him, and that an Eng lish metpller of Parliament was sent down especially to head tho -mob ; bnt being a man ot mettle pooh-p.oohud the -whole affair. ' ' ;V 'All bark, sir,' ho said to Gooffroy, ' all bark and no bito ; I'm not alraui of these people. Why, Mf, they won't bid for the Btuff, I will bpy'it 'myself.' '?All right,' said Geoffrey^ ' but I adviso you to look out. i:I fancy the| old man is a rough customer*' Then Geoffrey went book to his: dinner. As they t-at at the meal, through a1 gap ia tho fir trees they saw that' the great mujority of the population of Hryugelly was Btreamin ; np towards' tbo sceno of tho sale, some to agitato^ and some to see the fun. . ; ' It is pretty well time to be off,' said: Geoffrey. ' Are you coming, Mr Grange'. ?' ; ' ' Well,' answered tbo old gontlo; nian, I wished to do so, but Elizabeth, thinks that I had better keep away;, And after all, you know.' ho addoji airily, ' perhaps it is ub well for a clergyman not to mix himsoif up looj much in tlieso temporal matters. No, I I want to .go and seo about some pig j [ ut tho other end of ,^l^e ..parish, aud. I , think ihat I shali'. take (his ' oppor- 1 I tunity.' , ) ' You aro not going, Mr Bingham, are you ?' asked _ Boatrico in a voice which botraybd ;her. auxiety.' j , ; i ' Oh1, yea,' ho answoro I, ' of course I am, I would not miss the chanoo for worlds. Why, Beechain B mos is going to bo there, thS'.msmber .of Pariamout. who has just dons his four months foj inciting . to ontrago, . ? Wo aro old friends'; I was at school with him. Poor fellow ho was mid ov»n in tlioso days, and I want to .chaff him.'/ ; ; , ' ,.' 1' I think that' yon had far better not go, }Ir Bingham,' ', said Beatrice ; ' they: aro a very rough set.' . , Everybody is. not so; cowardlv ns yon are,'- put iii Klizibeth, ' I am going 'at any rato.' ?' That's right, Miss Elizuboth,' sai ) Geoffrey ; 'wo will protect oach other from tho rov.ilntion iry fury of tho mob. Como lit'is timo.t')' siait.' And so thoy weiit, 'leaving Heat'rico a prey to melanch'dv forebodings.'.' : ' .She waitol in tho houso for the best part of an .hour ' .niak.ng/ preferioo, ..to play with Ellin. Ttun tho anxiety got the hotter of her,; aho put on hor h it nnd started, leiving Klfio in clia'go of ;tho servant Betty. . . Beatrice, 'walksd '.quickly/ alorig :thi. cliff till she cam 'i in site of Jones's farm. Fr-tn where she -to d slio coiild makoiiiva great crowd. of men, and oven, when tho win I turned tor wards' her, cateh the noi^e of shooting: Presently she hoard- a sonn 1 like tho. roport of a gun, saw the crowd break up in violent confusion, and ,then clnstor together again in. a dense muss. 'What could it mean?' Beatrice wondorod. ? , - . j As tho thought crossed her mind, sho perceived two men running, to wards hor with all their soeed, 'follow I by a woman. Three minutes more and Bhe siw that tho woman was Eliza beth. . ?: ,'\The men wero pnnsiiig;.her nitr, '' Wlmt is it ?' she criod. . . ' Murder I' they answered with one yoico, aud spod on towards Bryn ; . Another moment and Elizabeth was a_fc hand, horror written ou her palo face. Beatrico.cluthed at hor. ' Who is it ?' she cried.- , v -. ' ' ' Mr BinghVm,' gaspad .her Isistor. ' Go artd; help j he's-shot 'dead !'r And she too, was gone. BeStrJoa's knees iloosenod, liar'. ton- guojomve to tho coot' of hor; mouth ; the so:lid eavth' spuii .round land: -ouuil. .Geoffrey killed 1 Geoffrey killol !' sin cried - in; ,hor.',hoart ; Ibut ; though her ears seoinod to hoar the sound of them, no words camojjfrom,. her ; lips. , r 0,h„ what should', she do ?' ' Wlioro' should ' sho hide.'bersolf und her.grlief ?; ' ? fTO nr. CONTINUED.'! - . ; . . 