LOCAL TOPICS. Public Holiday — To-morrow, being the 71et anniversary of Her Majesty the Queen's birth, will, a6 usual, he observed as a public and bank holiday. At the various post offices, business will be transacted until 10 a.m. when they will close for the day. Mails will, however, be received and despatched as usual. Rifle Match. — A Rifle match between members of tbe Gramville Club is to take place at the butts, Ferahill, to morrow. Closing a Police Station. — Owing tention of the Police Department to close tbe Loch station shortly, the residents are taking united action to protest agaiust such a course They have certainly cause to complain, seeing that it is the head quarters of the railway contractors, as well as the fact that in all probability it will be the termination of the railway line for at least six mouths or more, and will conse quently be one of the busiest townships on Hie whole length of the line. A Sad Case. — On Monday last, before Mr C. Mair J.P. at Poowong, Con- stable Moore presented a young man on a charge of luuacv. The evidence of the con stable was to the effect, that he had arrested the accused at Loch the previous day, owing to complaints being made regarding his ec centric behaviour. It was decided to re mand the unfortunate young fellow for seven days to the Sale Gaol for medical treatmeant. A Traveller. — The balance of a watch must beat 157,680,000 times in a year and during that time the wheels travel 355S|- miles. Dean Kimvan.— A beautiful and touching story tells bow De»a Kirwan's last seimon was preached, in the Cathedral at Dublin. The discourse was to have been for a charity— an orphanage — and all the little fatherless and motherless boys and girls in their uniforms sat in rows Imneaih the young preacher, whose pale face, waste! form, and hacking cough, as he m-ived into tbe pulpit, told the sail story of the disease which had seized upon him, the youngest and most eloquent of all the Irish Church divines of the day. . Often had the fashionable congregation listened to his pleading tones in the cause of love and goodwill, and often had they cheerfully responded to his soul- stirring appeals. This Sunday he gav- out the tcx', and there was a moment's pause ; but before the well-known silver tongue Could speak to them the startled congregation saw the Dean press his white handkerchief to his mou h, as if in passing pain. In a moment the dread truth was revealed to them. As he dropped his haud the white handkerchief was 6tained crimson with his life blood, and Ihe end had begun. With one great effort he bent over the pulpit, and, as the tears streamed down his nale. cheek white with the pallor of approachiug death, lie stretched out his hands in a last gesture of benediction over the little ooes" heads, and, as he wept, murmured faintly the last words he ever spoke, "Oh my poor children, tny p ior children Then he fainted. The scene that followed has been described many a time and oft by Irish writers. Never was there such a collection in all tbe annals of charity sermons. The men threw their purses on the plates, and the ladies not merely gave all they had with them in money, but tore the gold bracelets from their arms, and rings from their fingers, and the chains from their necks, and heaped them on the salvers, and poured them into the hands of the collectors to place on the holy altar, while there was not a dry eye in the sacred house. And so it was that before he died that evening Dean Kir wan knew that the orphanage he loved was, and is still, one of the richest in all Dublin town. Cricket. — The Lock Cricket Club purpose holding a subscription dinner on the 4th June, at Wadeson's Hotel, when the trophies for the past cricket season, and trophies in connection with the Loch sports meeting will be presented to the successful competitors. Application fob a School. — In reply t> a second petition sent by the residents of Bena, requesting the Department to open a school in the township, a reply to the effect that the School Inspector would be seat up to report, has been received. The list of children sent in numbered seventeen, which does not include several that attend other schools at a farther distance. The necessity of a school is ap parent. Waste Land. — The waste land in the United Kingdom amounts to 26,000,005 acres, and Schlich declares that one fourth of this should be sufficient to produce all the ordinary timber now imported to the value <>f £15.000,000 a yeer. This would be a big job, but it is quite feasible, 'and much of the laud might be applied to a still better purpose. The work of reclamation is going on even now, although but slowly. In India there are 55,000,000 acres in charge of the Forest department, aud tbe Government derives from the area a substantial revenue. But the cases are different, as the Indian forests cost nothing to create. Legislation alone in England may be brought to bear on the more rapid improvement of the waste lands, but common sense among politicans is not to be looked for ju6t yet. " The Austral Salon." — She : " Now, John, 1 don't think you ought to go out to- night. This is the fourth night, you have been out this week." He : " Busi ness, you know, dear, and then it will give jiiu a MiautiG iu uuiau j cut coaay uu auw to Keep a Husband at Home," which you are to read at the next meeting of the Austral 8alon, while I stay at home and take care of the twins." Electors Rights. — We remind all non-iaiepaying electors that Saturday 31st May is the last day for obtaining Electors Rights, and that applications should be made to the Electoral registrar or bis deputies on or before that date. Billiard Tournament. — The time for receiving entries for the Tournament ad vertised to be commenced at Korumburra to-morrow evening has been extended until then ; the handicaps will be announced on Monday evening, and the first round in the tournament will be played on Wednesday evening next. A Daily- Mail required. — We are informed that a petition is being prepared fur the purpose ot urging on the Department the necessity of providing a daily mail ser vice for the district. The time choseu is very opportune, as the present contract for conveying the mails from Poowong to Moyarra expires next month. Therefore, every effort should be made to bring it uuder the notice of the Postmaster-General at once. Tbe increasing importance and population of the district surely commands something more than a tri- weekly mail service, and there is no doubt that if the case is clearly explaiued, there will be no difficulty in obtaining the concession. Korumburra Sports Meeting. — On Wednesday evening the Committee met at Radovick's Hotel, Korumburra, and decided that between £30 and £40 be given away at their sports meeting to-morrow. Intending comoentors should bear in mind the fact that entries must be in the bauds of the secreta-y. not later than 6 o'clock this evening. Should ihe weather keep fiue, there is every prospect of a successful sports meeting resulting, and seeing that the events are only open to local men. that is residents within a radius of 12 miles of Korumburra for one month prior to race meeting, it is certaiu that tne contests will be keener, aud that more than the usual amount of interest will be taken in them. New Saw Mill. — A new arrival, Mr Tyson, is about to start a sawmill near Whitelaw. The plant is on tbe ground and operations will most likely be commenced iu about three week's time. We understand i hat arrangements for obtaining timber has beeu made with several landowners in the 1 cality, and that timber will be sent in to the Whitelaw station. We wish Mr Tyson every success with the enterprise. Leaving Hired Service. — A case of considerable interest to masters and servants came before the local bench of Magistrate, at Frankston, on Monday last (says the ' Monti ugton Standard"). It ap pears that Mr Sydney Smith has engaged a laborer named Chapman, who after work ing some Utile time left bis hired service vtibijuuL ic«vc luoiua'i ui iDauiug b mauiiiit for his arrest Mr Smith took the milder form of proceeding by summons. Mr F. Steven, solicitor, who appeared on behalf of Mr Smith informed the bench that tbe plaintiff old not wish any penalty inflicted, but he had brought hint there to shew that he could not leave his hired service without sufficient notice being given, if the bench cautioned him that he could not do tbi, it was all Mr Smith desired, The bench in giving its decision said that only for Mr Smith's leniency they h >d made up their minds to deal severely with the defendant. No man has a right to leave his employer without proper uoiice. The law provided for sucn cases a penalty of three months imprison ment, and it was to be honed lhat this would be a warning for him in the future. Social. — A meeting was held at Bena on Tues lay evening for the purpose of forming a Quadrille Assembly. A com mittee was selected, rules drawn up, and it was decided to hold the first dance on Tues day evening next, at the Coffee Tavern. Season tickets to admit gentleman aud lady nay be obtaiuei from the secretary at 5s each. A Departure. — Mr R. C. Sadlier, manager of the branch of the Bank of Aus tralasia at Poowong, b:i6 recently. I>een transferred else »'her<\ ro a more mi port am post iii the service. We are sure our readers : will be pleased, to bear of his promotion, although regretting the departure of such an obliging and energetic r-sideni. Re ferring to his successor, Mr J. F. Wright, ihe " Gippd/uul Mercury " says : — Mr J. F. Wright, who has occnpied the position of accountant in tbe locul branch of the Bank of Australasia, for close upon a year, has taken bis departure to Poowong, having been promoted to the agency of the bank at that place. Mr Wright occupied the position of secretary to the Sale Lawn Tennis Club, amongst the members of which he avas a general favorite. He al-o succeeded in gain ing the respect and esteemof the bank clieirs, ami personal friends, who wish him success in his new sphere of labor. A Complimentary Bishop. — The late Bishop of Sydney, and Primate of Australia, the Right Rev. Dr Barry, during an address which he delivered at K'tig'x /"I — ! I T J ir 1 a - S GtlDCSP, U'RIUQUf "II PL'IU'IH, la to have spoken disparagingly of tbe colonies. He referred to his ' oit.ier Ati-tralian ex perience," and spoke generally of colonists as a crude people. English Customs. — Foreigners have some curious ideas concerning the manners and customs of the inhabitants of England, as may be seen by the fo lowing interesting account of English habits which has recently appeared in one of the principal Hungarian newspapers at Bu.ia Pesth, under the title of "Drunkenness in England.": — "According to the statistics every person consumes in England more than 24 pints of alcoholic, liquid every .day. A citizen in good circum stances spends' 4s, and a nobleman £2 per diem in wine and spirits. Tne latter, of course, drinks champagne, sherry, and other costly wines. In England nearly everybody is subject to drunkenness. In vain h-ts ihis national vice been fought against. Nor is it an unusual occurrence for one or other of the nobility to stagger in a drunken state into the lloue of Lords. Drunken judges an 1 drunken clergymen are to be met with every day." The Sense of Taste. — Taste is not equally disti inuted over tne whole surface of the tongue. Tuere are three distinct regions or tracts, each of which has to perform its own special offi re and function. The tip of the tongue is concerned mainly with pun gent and acid tastes ; the middle portion is sensitive chiefly to sweets and bitters ; while the back or lower portion confines it self almost entirely to the flavors of roast I meats, butter, oils, and rich and f ttty sub stances. There are very good reasons for this subdivision of faculties in the tongue, the object being, as ir. were, to make each piece of food undergo t hree separate examina tions, which must be successfully passed before it is admitted into full participation in the human ecocomy. Tbe first examina tion gets rid of substances which would be actively and immediately destructive to the very tissues of the mouth and body ; the second discriminates between p«ionous and chemically harmless food stuff; and the third merely decides the minor question whether the particular fond is likely to prove then and there wholesome or indiges tible to the particular person. The sense of taste proceeds, in lac, upon ihe principle of gradual selection and elimination : it refuses first what is poitively destructive, next want is more remuieiy deleterious, and finally, what is only undesirable or over luscious. Consigned to Oblivion too Soon. — Another case of indecent haste doctors are so prone to evince in consigning poor humanity to the oblivion of the grave ha recently occurred in Paris. " A certified fifirnaP vens hpirnr r;ik4ii lit' turn iiiirtpr tn the Morgue on a stretcher, when it suddenly alarmed its carriers by sitting up and asking for a drink. It was a worthy female who having got out of a train in the Mnntparnasse Station, fell down tin the platform and ap parently gave up the ghost. A reputed doctor who was near said that the woman's heart and pulse had ceased to beat, and she was accordingly sent, by stretcher, to the unlovely establishment in nzid-Seine, where the dead bodies of city castaways are kept for dissection and burial. The woman awoke on the Place Du P.trvis de Notre- Dame, and instead of taking her to the direful destination for which she bad been intended, her kiud cariiers marched ber into the adjacent hospital — Hotel Dieu — where she was installed temporarily in a warm ward, aud received refreshments. She had been over-fatigued by a railway journey from Brest, and the cold had brought on an attack of coujestiou of the brain." Career of a Cook. — There has just passed away in Paris a man who in his time played many parts. This is Victor Grelier, cook by profession, aud Communist in politic. A a soldier he was made a head cook uy Marshal Forey, and when the Commune broke out he was fulfilling the humble functions of mooper-up in a public wasb-bouse. The Communists, whom he joiued, made him a Deputy-Mayor and afterwards Minister of Commerce. While in this important post he proposed to burn tbe Grand Livre of the Public Debt, and a decree to that effect appeared in the official journal of the Commune on the day of the entry into Patis of the Versailles troops. Grelier took leg-bail when tbe troops ap peared, and was sheltered by the Jesuit Fathers of the Rue de Vaugirard, whom he the good priests as a cook for several mouth, but was one day recognised and arrested. While in prison he was asked by M. Lambrecht to cook an official dinner for him at tbe Ministry of the Interior, which he did on condition that his gaolers were sent out of the kitchen. In 1872 Grelier was transported to Noumea, where he acted as Chef to the Governor. On returning to Paris Grelier set up as a wine-seller, but did not prosper. His funeral expenses were defrayed by the Jesuits, and among the chief mourners was a member of that famous order. The Divorce Bill — It is notified in a supplement to the " G >vermueiit Gazette, published last week that Her Majesty jiie Queen has giveu her assent to the Divorce Bill passed by Parliament last session at ihe instance of Mr Shiels, M.L.A. Tbe Act is therefore now legally in force in this colony. A Successful Jockey. — Tom Hales has won for the Kirkhatu squire during the time he was riding for biui, £dO,(KJO, this is only six years, and is not a bad tally, be is now free to make his own arrangements for next season. 