DING NIGHT. Why Miss St TT did. could „ *¥* vçrhouse'e allia novel thing ^nOTOi^ehe tdke it ju tin . of frowzânir% little it ime*-WMwn^Ûfiatbroughther«ne dark ' W8 together., She frowned in thfe way ïiow%hùe B*hè looked at the young man contejnplativdy' out of her yellow-brown «yes. : " I cannot picture to myself why a man like you should wish to many a woman like me. I am not ductile, not malleable. I have not the qualities that make good wife—for such as you." Claverhouse shrugged his shoulders. " I love you." "Oil, yes. The old Btoiy." " Meanwhile you do not answer me.' " Well, I answer you now. And in a .way which, to * degree,.surprises myself. You want me to marry yotf? I will do as you wish." Never, surely, was there a étranger courting. Claverhouse would have wished to draw her to him, but something in her mien forbade approach. Whether she loved him would have besn~a question be could have asked himself Tery pertinently under the conditions existent. But he did not put the query to himself. She consented to marry him. And for the rest, he loved her. This fact alone iilied the horizdn for him, suffused it with a glamor in which all other issues showed shadowily through a veil. When news of Claveihouse's anticipated marriage reached his friends it• occasioned a wondering murmur. He had been deemed an eccentric where women were concerned: almost a misogynist. In many other ways he was unlike other men. As a boy lie had been a dreamer; as a youth at college he had been called "Miss Claverhouse" until he one day quietly knocked down a big fellow in whose mouth the appellation had most frequently been. He had a -skin fair as a girl's, and his frame was slight, tall and delicate. He had travelled"most of bis time. He bad never taken any active part in life whatever. He spoke little, and his mode of address hod something of the drawling gentleness of a very feminine woman.: People did not frequently affect to understand him. Generally, the verdict concerning him would have been that he was exceedingly easygoing and harmless. : And why should Miss St Sauveur care 'o marry this fashion of man? He hat. money, to be sure; but so had Miss St. Sauveur, now. Time had been when she had not had, and that only shortly before. But a belle she had always been; and a beauty too according to those whose taste" was conceded to be that of the connoisseur. No. It was inconceivable that she should want to many a man who was "so decidedly a Miss Nancy ! " Yet, inconceivable or not, the wedding day drew nearer. It was felt to -be, by the friends of both, another eccentricity that the marriage should take place inllbrida. Why had they not come home for thé ceremony? But Miss St. Sauveur hadrsbt wished it. She had always, for the matter of that, been given to strange caprices. And as for Claverhouse, what cared he?'. There was a full moon, and through the yellow whiteness suffused by it a light in à boat moored on the river hard by glowed dully red. A man had been waiting in the shadows down by the river for an hour—for two hours—then three. The lights in the honse had seemed to bim to be about to burn forever. Through the mellow, flower-scented warmth of the night there came at intervals an echo of laughter, the tones of a piano, the ringingnotes of a song. The man lighted a cigar, waited agair, and then tossed it away with a muffleu oath. How long would this last ? He took out another cigar. But this he did not light. His quick eye had discerned a moving shadow among the motionless shadows of the trees. It was a womanV shape. His restlessness subsided at once, veered into a steely -qniat in which each nerve was tense with purpose and pet as iron. " Well—yon wanted to see me and here I am." The words came haughtily from under the scarf of lace that half concealed the woman's face. Nevertheless the BIM gave a short laugh. He learned back against a tree and crossed his aims. She mijpit take what tone she liked. She had come out here. She had tacitly consented to meet him, to hear whatever he had to say- If he had lost his power slue would not have Acme that Had the shadows been less thick here she must have seen the triumph in his eyes. > "Do vou think yon are tveating ^ne fairly ?he drawled. At that the Josephine St Sauveur he knew flashedout upon bi"»r Fairly I Foiriyf What right have youyou!—to use the word? By what daring do you findyourself here ?" " We will waive all that. I heard only a week ago that you were to be married. I was in Mexico, but I managed to get back here." " I am to he married In two days from now—yes." "And I?" -Yon?" ** Yes, I!" - He suddenly uncrossed MB arms and drew a step nearer to her. The moonlight fell on his face. As she met his compelling glance Josephine St Sauveur shivered. "Yes, II You love me. Deny it if you can. What are you marrying this muff for?" He had caught the involuntary quivering of her nerves and gauged his whole influence ; but now he saw her react—gather her strength together passionately. "How dare you comeliere and say these things to me ? You ! a man who can lie to a woman and deceive and play such a comedy as Satan might blush at ? " I kept from you the fact that I had a wife when I told you that I loved you last year. That is true. But, as I have since said, I expected at any moment to secure a separation—a divorce. Well?" That tremor had seized her again. " Well, the divorce is now miné—has been for a month." . .. "What is that tome?" The words were muffled, and the voice that spoke .them trembled. He drew yet a step nearer to her, and Bhe cowered a little. Indifferent, invulnerable, superb, she had found her master, as such women always do. She knew it and be knew it "Simply this. We can be married now.. You have come into money recently, too. That makes it easier. Before you had nothing and I had nothing. It would have been hunger espousing thirst, even had there been no other obstacle." She laughed cynically, that trembling through all her limbs increasing every moment "How magnificently, how nonchalantly you say that -You are the sort of ftift.n who! does not mind living on his wife." * Hie made a gesture which seemed to waive that fieid of .discussion also. The tanntleffciamiianinovBd." " Your. marrying this fellow in two days Htdfo^iw face was^tow in light, half in shadow. -His commanding eyes plunged. Into hers. _ She made a desperate movement to ward him oH, to protect herself from her own weakness. But he had wound his arms about her,'and all struggle was quenched in a wild kiss. After tihat she listened to what he had to say in motionless quiescence. His plan was bold, swift, sure as himself. Her wedding was fixed fer the following night but one. In the confusion she was to slip from the house, to meet him in the thickets a quarter of a mile down the river. He would convey her in safety to the nearest coast town, and on the next day a vessel sailed which would take them to Havana. Thence they could go to England. * * * • The moon had passed her zenith and was westering slowly when Miss St Sauveur! approached once more the long open windows of the house. A toll, slight figure encountered her. ; "You!"she looked at Claverhouse. "I thought you were gone an hour or morey ago." . I " I found that I had foigotten something and returned." j He stood twirling his hat carelessly in his hand. • " What was it ? I hope you found it" g "I did not come back In vain—no." Her hands and lips had grown cold. She leaned toward bim tentatively. She had never been lavish with her caresses. (Saverhouse's kiss grazed her cheek. The dull passed from her. "Absurd! How could he have seen or heard ?" the said toherself. "Absurd!" * • * * " Dishert de bride ! " " No, I guess hit's one of them that waits on her." The dusky faces pressed close together on the outermost fringe of the laVn were accented faywide open eyes and gaping mouths. For miles up and down the river it had become known that a lmçge wedding was to take place at Orange GrDv^Bpjjngs that night The chocokt^sokiàÉèd circles of humanity waited patently, but èven to its outer limit there jtfeseiffiyjcûniinunïcated itself a consdottsne^ imni of underj fined suggestions in theai£ fiha£somethtng was amiss. The music played perfunctorily, paused, and began anew. The wMte^obed bridesmaids flitted toandfrb. There was a stir, a growing murmur, in the house— caught up by the house servants and finally percolating to that waiting crowd outeide. - The bride was gone !. The bnde was gone and the groom had not come. Miss St. Sauveur bad gone toher room early in the evening with orders that she was not to be disturbed. And Josephine St Sauveur was not a girl whom, even on such an occasion, people disobeyed. When the hour for the wedding arrived, however, and with it the few guests bidden, her door was knocked at and, no response forthcoming, finally broken open. The room was empty, and on the bed lay the white, dress, the white veil. In the dismayed confusion that ensued no one at first observed that Claverhouse, too, should have come by this. But as the wild search for the bride continued without result it burst upon those assembled below that they were congregated together to witness an occurrence strange indeed—a marriage at which neither groom nor bride had appeared. Suddenly a quivering cry rang over the lawn. A small negro boy stood, with goggling eyes, the centre of a circle that pressed ever more tightly around him, and strange words were those he poured out stammeringly. One or two 01 the white people cried at first that he had seen a ghost But the boy, his teeth chattering, insisted tbathe had not been mistaken, and, following his stumbling steps, they came to a thicket down the river -where, in the checkered moonlight, there gleamed something ghostly—the pallor of a motionless face turned upward, and near it a shadowy form, the dead body of Josephine St Sauveur. There.'had been a double murder; by whom committed who could say? The cither-victim was. recognised by one of the guests as an Englishman of great fascination and fast life, who had been knocking about Florida for the past two years. ,* : * » *. On a vessel sailing for England the next lay there embarked a tall, fair, taciturn, ielicate-Iooking man, rather boyish of address and gentle of voice. He wrote his name J. Smith and appeared to be travelling without luggage. . Ten minutes before the ship weighed anchor a little knot of men rowed swiftly to her side. Tbefair, boyish-looking young man saw one of them-climb to the ship's deck. There was an instant's conversation, and then the man wheeled and faced "J.Smith." The latter -had already stepped forward. "Youare looking for John Claverhouse, suspected of the murder of Miss St Sauveur ind a—to me—nameless man? I am he whom you seek. I hoped toget off and lash overboaixl a few leagues out. Food for ishes would be bettor than this. It seems I am unlucky." The man had a hand on his shoulder. "There is no mistake, I guess. You acknowledge the deed?" Into John Claverhouse's mild eyes there -ame a fascinating blue light. "Yes." The man dropped his hand. Therèwasa sudden plunge, an oath from the officer, a rush of many feet over the deck. Too In te. When John Claverhouse was borne upon deck again he had passed beyond the reach of the law and justice of earth. "DeadT" said the officer. 