BROADBRIM'S NBWIOSK LETTEfi. Art came in with a rush this week, and all New York and bis wife, who had been on the tiptoe of expectation for months, have been gratified by a peep at Millet's Angelus. The day of the press view I went up to the American Art Galleries expecting that,at least, for the few hours set apart for that purpose, I should meet none but my fellow scribes. The purpose of the first Fall opening of the Ameri can Art Galleries, was tlie exhibition of the Harris collection of sculptures and bronzes by that celebrated master and of illustrating the condition of Art thirty years ago. But the rush was so fearful that I postponed my visit to a later day, for it was impossible to see the '• "works of art with any degree of pleasure or to form a discriminating opinion concerning j them. But as X stood at the door and saw '■ men and women pushing and squeezing to get in X could not help asking myself, What is all this about ? Not one in a hundred of tbem bad ever heard of Barrie or his art, but every one of them had heard of Millet. They could not have told you whether he was an Englishman, a Frenchman, a Dutchman or a Swede, but they all knew that he had painted a picture called the Angelus, and that it cost the lucky possessor one hundred aud twelve thousand dollars, and they wanted to see it. Many no doubt went in expecting to see a magnificent canvas that would cover the side of a wall, instead of which it is a small picture that a man might carry off under his arm. Later on I shall have occasion to speak.of it more fully, bus I confess in advance that it will take me some time to discover where, on a canvas 52 x 28, you can put one hundred and twelve thousand dollars. JNow; recollect that this money was not paid by some purse-proud amateur with mora money than brains, but by a sharp, shrewd, cautious, close picture-buyer, a man who is posted in everything oonnected with art and who has handled and sold as many fine and expensive pictures as any other art dealer in the country—the man who sold Jules Breton's Communicants at the Morgan sale for forty five thousand five hundred dollars, and who got from Walters of Baltimore eighteen thousand dollars for the Peach Blow Vase, making it the most costly piece of bric-a-brac of its size in the world. I refer to Mr. Sutton one of the proprietors of the American Art Galleries ; and right here comes a question which has set the art world all aflame and which, like the ghost of Banquo, will not go down. If the Angelus has been brought here for sale it would have had to pay duty of nearly thirty-four thousand dollars, bringing llie price of it, landed in New York, at nearly one hundred and fifty thousand dollars, in fact fully more if we count freight and insur ance. But the Angelus is admitted free of duty to be exhibited and sent back, and the art dealers here complain that while it is here ostensibly for exhibition it really accomplishes all the purpose of a sale for its fortunate owner, who will exhibit it here and probably make fifty or seventy-five thousand dollars by the exhibition, and then if it goes back, they go scot- free of the duty. This, the other art dealers say, is a manifest injustice, as they are compelled to pay the duties, thirty-three per cent., before they can open their pictures aud put them on exhibition, and then they have to take their chance of finding a buyer. The general sentiment appears to be in favour of the abolishment of ull duties on art iu paint ing or sculpture, and a very strong effort to that end will be made in the next Congress. This week I strolled over to Castle Garden, the great emigrant depot of the American Continent. It is a strange place, and you never realise it more than when four or fire steamers arrive in a single day. They land a conglomeration of every nationality, of not only Europe, but also Asia and Africa. It may be called the emigrant custom-house for here tlie cargoes are examined, and are passsd, if found worthy, and if not they are sent back. But it very often occurs" that the Commissioners of Emigration, who by the way, are a lot of pot-house politicians who owe their position to their pull, mistake the extent of their powers and constitute themselves as a sort of moral police. They are continually fighting among themselves the hardest battles being for the bones which they can throw to their individual followers. But one of the most remarkable uses that Castle Garden has been put to is as a marti monial agency, and the matches made there annually is by no means small. Only a short time ago the keeper of the lightship outside of Sandy Hook came to Castle Garden looking for a wife, his object being to secure a cook, and at the same time to pocket the emolument that the Government offers for that useful person. It suddenly occurred to the gentle man having change of tLe matrimonial branch of the service that he has seen that ancient mariner there before " Many a time aud oft." On being questioned he acknowledged the fact that this was his fourth requisition, and that his last heartsease was a stout Irishwoman who had succumbed to the inevitable, and started up the golden stairs exactly three weeks before; her predecessor was a Swede and his first a Dutch woman. But the lightship afforded no chance for flirtation or display, nothing but cook, cook, cook, and scrub, scrub, scrub, and the eternal murmur of the " sad sea waves." Now a passenger at sea, how ever long the voyage, has some hope of getting ashore, tut from the lightship there was no relief but death. The ancient mariner had a tolerably easy time with his first two consolers, but wheu he secured the affections of Miss Bridget McCarty he struck a snag which made him wish himself in paradise of Fiddlers' Green a hundred times. Bridget did not belong to the meek and lowly like his first two wives, with them he had things all j his own way, but the honeymoon was hardly over till she made his life a burden, when death stepped in again and made him a free man. Bridget waB a holy terror, so no more Irish need apply. Number four, I believe, is an Italian. No late news from the lightship. One applicant sent a letter some weeks ago : Dilouth, Sept. twenty.—Dear Sur, Mister Kaeal Garden Eermisins—I heer you have menny likely young wimmen furreners look in' fur situations. I should like to ingage one for to be my wife ef she is strong an' healthy, and has no disease. I should like her to be tolebly tall, well put up, an' good lookin' as I am myself, ef you know of enny sich sond em alony guess we and get away with a half a dossen right around here.— Your obedient survant to kommand James Russel Smith. P.S. should prefer a woman with Bome little munney and plenty of close. This week an old Irish farmer from Con necticut who sad he was worth eighty thou sand dollars, applied for a wife fresh from I the ould sob, but up to Saturday he had i failed to find exactly the article he wanted. The arbitary power exercised by these Com- ! missioners in tending peieons back has been one of the crying scandals of the city. Only last week a woman was sent back on the allegation tfcat she was an alien and .likely to become a public charge. She came here ! many years ago, and lived with her husband | in New Jersey. A son was born to them, then the husband was taken sick and died, and tlie woman went back to Scotland with her child ; two weeks ago she returned, and was ordered back to Scotland by the Com missioners. Iter son was a native-born American citizen, and if ho got as lucky a lift as Turner, the young iceman, who three weeks ago was driving an ice cart, and now is nomi nated by Tammany for Congress, this young expatriated citizen might one day occupy the 1 seat recently warmed by Grover Cleveland and now filled by Benjamin Harrison. An appeal was taken on the mother's behalf to the secretary of the Treasury, and Mr. Windotn with his level head decided at once that there was no power within or without the consti tution to turn a native-born citizen from our gates. The attorney returned back from Washington beaming with smiles and pre pared to annihilate the Commissioners, but when he arrived in New York he found that his client had been shipped back to Scotland three days before. The infamy of this ruling is right here. Every week or two a cargo of Mormons is shipped for Salt Lake. One half or more of these are assisted immigrants whose passage is paid by some one, and who have not a dollar in their poefcete. Among them hundreds of young girls who hare been gathered in by the elders and missionaries. Yet these are passed without question. Have the saints got a pull in New York ? "I spec so." Speaking of pulls, we have just discovered another which has s?t us all thinking. The docks are all rented by the city, except those which are private property. I had no idea, and I thought I was fly on most things about town, that a Dock Commissioner was such a good billet. There was a dock to let which should have been put up to public competition, but this particular dock was not. An Italian gentleman from Tipperary be the noime av O'Brien, got a letter from a Judge to one of the Commissioners, and O'Brien got the wharf at a rental of six thousand dollars, for which a dozen parties wers willing to pay twenty. When this wa3 discovered there was a hustling about to find Mister O'Brien, but O'Brien could not be found ; ho might have gone back to Sligo, but although the O'Brien family is prolific in New York this particular O'Brien that rented the wharf had vanished. Then it was hinted that his name wasn't O'Brien at all. It might have been Smith or Brown or Fintiegan, but not O'Brien. And it now looks as though the job was put up by some one inside the Commissioners' office, and a nice little operation started by which a favored insider gets fourteen thousand dollars without raising a hand. In the course of the investigation it transpired that one individual had added thirty-nine thousand nine hundred dollars to his bank account dur ing the year. Not a bad plum that. Yet this is only one of a thousand ways in which this city is robbed. It looks as if we were going to have an old fashioned Iccture season like that we used to have twenty years ago. Miss Amelia. B. Edwards, whose novels and contributions to archaelogical research, have given her a world wide reputation, has been lecturing in Brooklyn on Egypt. She brought out the most distinguished company that has been seen at any public gathering for years. Aside from her literary ability, she is socially a great success. We are now enjoying a season of great business success. Everything is boom ing, and the subscriptions of the past week warrant me in saying that the World's Fair will be held in New York in 1892. 