"RITUALISM" IN THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND. JO THE EDITOR OF THE XIBBAKOOWBR TIMES. SIB,—In your Issue of the 26th instant appeared a letter signed " A Banker," 00mnSSning of the ritualistic practices of certain ministers of the Church of England, and making an uncalled for attack on what he is pleased to designate as the "Romish Joctrire of Transubstantiation." "Romish superstition," &c.;, &c.; AH men Teadily admit that to be in a position to judge fairly of a n y case one should hear both sides. As then the honest mind naturally shrinks from nssing a severe judgment on say one before tearing what he has to say for himself, so, no lover of truth and charity should hastily condemn, without a hearing, the largest body of Christians existing, this two hundred and twenty millions of Catholics who are living in communion with the see of Rome. The reater number ol- those who differ from 'rotestant sources, thus hearing only one side. True religion is that bond which unites finite to nnfinite, time to eternity, man to God. The first duty of every man who tries to discover trnth is, as Lord Bacon ofVernlam observes, to examine if he has any prejudice lurking in his mind by which the admission of truth is obstructed. This salutary rule was ignored by " A Banker," whose sole aim is to hurl his obscenity at the heads of unoffending persons who have the sense to mind their own business and not interfere with their neighbors. " A Banker" appears to have an animus against Catholics for some reason bpst known to himself, and it "is a great pity he has not something more profitable to do than endeavor to engender sectarian strive amongst the peaceful inhabitants of Maldon. I suppose his occupation in the " sweating room "is rather quiet at present, and that he intends to convert his desk into a pew, his ledger into a bible, and his money into an idol. He is also at sea with regard to the doctrine of trausubstantiation, which the founder of Protestantism, Martin Luther acknowledged, as he believed in the real presence of Christ in tbe Sacrament, and so do Lutherans to the present time. In his comment on John 16, he stated that"" we are obliged to yield many things to the Papists—that with them is the word of God, which we received from them; otherwise we should have know nothing at all about it." Again, St. Paul Cor. xi., 27, speaking of the blessed sacra ment says, " whosoever shall eat this bread, or drink the chalice of the Lord unworthily^ shall be guilty of the body and of the blood of the liird." This text, which is so decisive in favor of the Catholic doctrine, respecting the body and blood of Christ being received under either kind in the blessed sacrament, is, on that account, falsified in both translations of the English Bible, by turning the disjunctive artiele or into the conjunctive article cund. With regard to the remission of sin which "Banker" sneers at, our Divine Loid breathing on his Apostles said to them, " Receive ye the Holy Ghost, whose sins ye shall remit, they are remitted, and whose sins ye shall retain, they are retained,' John XX. 22, 23. This authority was given to the Apostles and their lawful successors, and it is nothing less than rank blasphemy to assert that Almighty God did not mean this, and that the form of bread and wine cannot be changed into the body and blood OT^y"Hev«f""fiMa"of the five loaves and~two fishes which were multiplied so as to afford a superabundant meal to 5,000 men, besides women and children.—Mat. xiv. 21. At Cana of Galilee. He, by an act of Bis will turned water into wine, which resembles blood ; and at his last sapper He (Jesns) took bread and blessed and broke it, and gave it. to his disciples and said, " Take ye and eat, this is my body :" aad taking the chalice said, *• Drink ye all of this, for this is my blood."—xxvi. 26. 27. 2S. Be that eateth my flesh and drinketh my blood abideth in me and I in him. Ver. 57. "The literal sense is hard to flesh and blood. But nonsense never conid be understood." During 18 centuries, kingdoms and empires have risen and fallen ; the inhabitants of every country have been repeatedly changed; in short, everything has changed except the doctrine and jurisdiction of the Catholic Church, which are precisely the same noaas Christ and his Apostles left thein. In vain did Luther swear that he himself would be her death. The Catholic Church embraces within its history the rise and fall of Canterbury and York, which Agustioe and Paolinns found at their cominc, and which Pole and Fisher left behind them. One of the ancient fathers of the church gives the following reasons for being a member of the Catholic Church :—" The authority established by miracles, nourished by hope, increased by charity, and confirmed by antiquity, keeps me there. The succession of Bishops in the See of St. Peter the Apostle, down to the present Bishop, keeps me there. Finally, the very name Catholic, which, among so many other heresies, this church alone possesses, keeps me there." Nothing is more clear to natural reason than that God cannot be the author of different religions, for, being the eternal truth, he cannot re real contradictory doctrines, and being at the same time the eternal wisdom and the God of Peace, he cannot establish a kingdom divided against itself. In the faee of such evidence is it not deplorable to witness that the world contains individuals as stupid and prejudiced as " A Banker," who forgets (if he ever knew it) that the " Master minds " of England, lay and clerical, are leaving the "Establishment" daily and going over to Rome, where their consciences find rest. I would recommend him to purchase a little pamphlet, called " Returning to Jhe fold," whicb- contains the >ames ^ thousands of p the cream of Great Britain and America who have abandoned the Protestantism during the last 35 years. Even in temporal matters the influence of the Pope is now sought by the crowned heads of Europe to bnng ibout a reduction of the immense standing armies that are drifting the various nations into insolvency,and the same influence "may exist in undiminished vigour until a traveller from New Zealand shall i the midst of that vast solitude stand on a broken arch of London bridge to sketch the ruins of St Paul's." Should "Banker" favor us with any more of his eflusioiis, I trust he .will come out of his shell and give niR his KftT real name, n,n*A otherwise -1-1 :.. he 1. deserves . 0 more attention. I will now conclude this long letter with a few lines from a celebrated poet:— 'As long as words a different sense will bear, And each shall be his own interpreter, ""r airy faith shall no foundation find— The word is a weathercock for every wind." Tours Ac., A CATHOLIC L U I U E . 