BREVITIES. From our latest English files to band we take the follow! nginteresting items : — Ou Sunday afternoon, July 27, tbe first ftime for twenty . nine years, a band played on the East Terrace of Windsor Castle, to which tbe public were admitted. About 7000 people visited the the promenade, which will be onened to tbe public each Sunday through tbe summer. Her Majesty, after watching the animated socne from her apartments, drove to Frogmore and took tea in tbe grounds. \- The Queen witnessed a mUBical ride in I Windsor Park which termiuated with a charge of the troopers with levelled i aucfs toward tbe Queen tbe steeds being reined up within a few paces of the Royal party. The Empress Frederick Bud her two unmarried daughters are visiting the Queen at Windsor Castle. The Empress before leaving Germany collected £2-5,000 towards the cost of a children's hospital now in course of erection in Ber lin. A Berlin citizen, who is proved to be insane, w s »rrwt'd in Frankfort at the instauc^ of tbe Empress Frederick for persistently following the Princess Vic toria. He had paid a man a considerable sum to hand a h-tier to the Princess. At, the State concert given in Bucking ham Palace (he Princess of Wales wore a dress of pale blue and .gold brocade, dr.iped with flounce' of gold embroidery. Toe Archdukes Valerie, daughter of the. Empress of Austria, is being inun dated with presents in view of her ap proaching mairiage. After tbe wedding the Empress will start on a cruise round tlie world. King Kalakaua, of Hawaii, will visit England in. autumn, and spend moat of his time at Bournemouth. Anew expedition, consisting of seven Europeans aud 150 native soldiers, to tbe sources of the Congo is being sent out by the Cougo Commercial Company. Mr. Stanley ia said to be contemplating a special mission to the Upper Cougo. The deficit of the Congo Free State last year was £20,000. Albert Hall was crowded ou Saturday, June 28, to bear Madam Pattl. She saug five times, ber fee for the afternoon beine £800. The new promenade at Scarborough, which was opened by the Duke of Ciareuce, aoBt £50,000. It was said that nearly 600,000 people visited Scarborough last year. Camden Place, Cbiseihurat, formerly the residence of the lute Emperor Napoleon, 'with 124 acres of park, was put up for auction in London, but as only £60 000 was offered the property wan bought ir. There was a floral parade at the Botani cal Gardens, a feature of the occasion be ing a camel, from tbe Zoo, surmounted by two little children seated in a bed of roses. The Queen, to mark her interest in the movement foi developing tbe home in dustries of Scotland, which originated with L^dy R-isehery, ordered a selection of. goods to be forwarded to Windsor, front which she made several purchases. The committee which is considering tbe question of providing playing fields for liondon purpose levelling spaces for cricket pilches and hiring fields near London next season, for which £10,000 will be required. For the 32 cricket pit ches in Victoria Park there were 6.9 appli cations in one day. Only half an Bore can be allowed for each game, An orchid sold in London fetched 105 guineas, A young cyclist has ridden from Lon don to Brighton aud back in seven hours minutes, beating tbe quickest coaching record. When tlie Lord Mayer visited the Asylum for tbe Deaf and Dumb at Mar gale, a boy born deaf aud dumb ad dressed bis lordship, being most dis tinctly huard by tbe large assemblage. There was a display of swimming by ladies at the East Loudon People's Pa lace. Eyery kind of swimming was illue t rated, including the waltz muvement aud undressing in the wat^r. A search committee has been formed to ascertain what distance tbe deposit of coal discovered at Dover extends, The unprecedented sum of&300 guineas has just heeq paid for a colt at tbe sale Royfy yearlings at Hampton Court. A lifeboat memorial, consisting of a I drinking fountain and clock-tower, has been unveiled at South Shields. The names of Henry Greathead aud William Wouldhave, who share tbe honour of in venting the lifeboat, are inacribec| upon the memorial. It is just a oentury since a shipwrecked crew were first landed by means of a lifeboat, A nurse at Turin bas^ustsaorifloedberi life iu saving ber Infant charge, which bad wandered on to the railway to pick up a ball. A muHji-rai, uas neon caugnii aiuonD ' ' A large seal waa captured in the Fortb During the bearing ot a divorce cast in London it waa stated that the t husband at tbe time of blB marriage was a widower with 12 childreu, and tbis number had slncfe been made up to 20. A remarkable marriage case baB been tried in Dublin. A well-known medical man, Dr. Macan, married a fascinating lady, who represented herself to.be a widow with £80,000. It subsequently transpired tbat tbe supposed widow w^s a Mrs. Lynob.'who bad; a hu^a'p'ttl^vlng in America, a'hef wltti'wlj.ot^, she was In corrtapandenrae.' I^r. Lyncb, tbe bue btind,'''pr'pilght ' en action against tbe' dootor for appropriating Mb Wife, and claimed £5000 damageB. Tbe jury, bold-! lng tbpt the dootor bpd been entirely deceived, awarded M,r. Lynob one fprth ' ing dattiegeS.' f ' A'WIII caae'wblch is about to be beard'1 was referred' to In court, when it waa stateif tt^%t (b? ghost of the testator bad recently visited a sexton and expressed dissatisfaction with the disposal of the property. Lord Justice B--wen Inquired whether the ghostly communication could be received as evidence. A man who was injured by an elephant at tbe Scarborough Aquarium bas been awarded £125 damages. . Tbe beavy. rains ibh.ve Interfured wlth the bay harvest. Tbere bave heen eeriouB gales on the Sootcb coast, cauBlng great destruction of fishing, boats with the loss of several lives. Hailstones bave done muob damage in several places. A man wbile driving a mowing-machine, was killed by lightning near Spiisby. Earthquake shocks were felt, in the Weatherby district of Yorkshire. People feeling tbeir beds shaking, rushed into the streets. The wind, wrecked a clrcu in- tent at Queenstown, capsizing the seals, and precipitating those seated thereon to the ground. A d zeo persons were in jured. During a tornado in Tennessee the roof of a Methodist church fell in upou the congregation, killing several. The weather has been quite winterly in Paris, while Intense beat prevails In America. In one day there were 5(1 deaths from sunstroke, and 117 cases of prostration in Chicago alone. Over 300 horses were killed by the heat in the streets of Chicago In one dav. A Dutch mail steamer after being in collision off Falmouth in a fog, sank in six minutes, carrying to the bottom seven 'Oldiers and a million guilders packed in casks. A seaman named Warren, who bas just reached America says he is tbe sole survivor of the Brltith barque Martha Cand, which was wrecked on an Island of the Fiji group two years ago. While exnlorine the island he fell in n-irh a tribe of cannibals, and would bhve been killed and eaten bad it not been for an English sailor who was shipwrecked some years before, and who had been made sub-chief by the uativea. Warren says that during bia stay on the island two missionaries were killed, roasted, and eaten by the natives. He waB event ually rescued by a passing vesBel. The obituary for tbe week ending July 3 includes :— The Earl of Carnarvan, aged 69 ; Lord Magheramorne, better known as James M'Garel Hogg, chair man of the Metropolitan Board of Works aged 67 ; Admiral Rose Ward, General Inspector of Lifeboats; 8ir James Gowans, Dean of of the Guild of the City of Edinburgh ; Mr. Robert Leeds, tbe wen-Koown agriculturist ; aged 74 ; Mr. Sloper, who invented a machine for per forating postage stamps with initials thus abeckmating pilfering office boys ; Pro tesBor Glasgow, of Belfast, aged 85 ; Mr. Willian Crawford, M.P., the miners' M.P. for Mid-Durham, and a Home Ruler, aged 57. He began life as a wag gon gresser in a pit. 