My Narpcw Escape. I never told anybody how very, very near I was to death that night, jest a year ago ; but (is I can cow look back and calmly re- rr.ii each thought, each word, "er.ch act, I think I will write it down as a warning to eh wfio may nnd themselves similarly c:r- cumetanced, kupirg, with ali my heart, that the number may bo few. In the first place, my name is Frederick Putnam. I am, and have been for the 'last ten years, the foreman and book- keeper of the large lumbering establishment of. Wil liam Winecon and Co., and hope to he for another -decade,unleas something better turns' up. Mr. Winston is the resident partner and manager of the manufacturing part of the business. The other members of the firm, of which there are two, live in the city, at the foot of the lake, and attended to the Eales of lumber, which we send Ihetn by veBselB. This is by far tbe largest share of what the mill cute, although the amount of our ebIcb directly from the mill, to supply the conniry to the west of us, Is quite large. Well, one cold September evening, just as I was preparing lor home, I beard footsteps on the ground outside, end presently tiie office door flew open, as though eomeooe n haste had given it a push, admitting a tall, stout, weil-drcesed man, with a small travelling bag in one hand and a shawl thrown over one arm. I was alone — Mr. Winston having gone tc the house some half an hour before, locking the sale, in which vre kc-pt our books and papeis, and taking the key with him as usual. I hsd already closed the damper to the stova. jy3t..nn mv artteEai. jnivas iast in tha act of turning down the lamp — but, of course, I waited. "Good evening, sir," said the man, bnstling up to the stove, end kicking the cirepsr epui with his right foot'. "Has" Winston gene to the house?" I r.ntwcrcd that he bad. " When 1 I was sfr&id; o£ it." Ha drew cot his watch — a very fine one, I thcuchf. "I ehsil r.ot have time to go up,", he csid. " 'iM triin is CGe in fifteen tain- alts." " I there act thing I can do for you?" I asked. "I wanted to leave Eome money with Win, tot. . I intended io atop iu town a day or two, but I hive just got a despatch that calls me home." " What name, sir " Anderson, of Accersocviiie." I knew him then, iboagh I hnd seen him but once I -lore. IIu had been one ct our best wc-stem easterners. I said had been, tor tbereason the.t during the past y.ar he: hed r.ct been so prompt. In fact'be was considerably behind, and Winston Lad that very day told mo to write him, and " punch him up a little," as be expressed it. Tbe letter was then in the breast pccle! of my overcoat. "You can leave the money with me, sir, and I will give ycu a receipt." He seemed to hesitate, which nettled me somewhat. I have never blamed anyone since, however. " How much is my bill?" be asked, eying me sharply. I answered promptly, for I hod struck the balance net more than hall sn hour be fore : - " Two thousand two hue died and fifty pounds." " Humph 1 less than I suppessd; . Write . out a receipt for that amount." Ho left the stove, and came and iooked aver my Ehouldcr while I was writing out the receipt, " It ia all right, Mr. Putnam. I know yoa now. You've been with 'Winston . b long time. I csn tell your signature any where." He drew from an inside peckc-t a large black wallet very round and iu!i, and count ing out clever, different piles of bank-notes, he told rac to run theoi over. It was a short and easy task, for each piio contsincd just twenty ten pound nets?. The balance was in notes and sovereigns, sod it took more rime to count them; hut at last we got.it so that both were satisfied. At this moment we heard the whistle from tbe station. Anderson sprung for his trayel- Jing bag, and giving me a hasty hand-shake was "off onffic"rnn. " i Tffosed" tbewucr.-irovl' counted the money over again. Finding it- all right, I wrapped a piece of newspaper around it, and slipped it into my overcoat pocket. I did net feel quite essy to have so much money about me, but as -Winston's bouse was at least a mile distant, I con cluded to keep it until morning, when I could dspq it it in the bank. -' I closed the <lo;sper again, drew on my gloves, took the office key f rem the nail just over the doer, and stopped cpto put out the light. As 1 did so, 1 saw a bit of paper nn the floor, v.h;ch, on picking up, I saw was the receipt I wrote for Mr. Anderson. He bad dropped it in his hurry. I put it in my : -poeket, and thought no more about it,.oniy tbet I wccld moil it to him. I would have done it then, but as the last mail for tbe dsy Lad gone oat on the train which took Mr. Anderson, I conld do it just as well in themorning. Then, too, I was._in something of a huny that night, for I had ' an appoint ment ; ana I may ae well state here that it was with s young lady, who, I hoped, would he my wife before many months elapsed. 1 hastened to my boarding plaee, ate my supper, and then went over to Mr. Warner's, wearing the overcoat with the money in it, as I -did not feel easy aboutleaving it in my room. Carrie was at home, of course, ae she web expecting me, and, leaving my coat and hat in the hall, I went into the parlor. . I do not think a repetition of onr convcr- - cation would be very interesting, bo I will paBS over it, merely remarking-that nothing ' occurred to disturb me until I arose to take my leave. Carrie went into the entry for my coat and hat, that I might put them en byjihe warm fire, but ehe came'baek with only my hat. . " Why, Fred, you certainly did not ven ture ont on snch a night as this without an overcoat I" "Ho coat?" I exclaimed, "in a dazed sort of a way — for the thought of the money, .-flash, ing upon me eo Buddenly.had almost stunned ma. - - The next inomest I tore past her tike a madman, as -F was. The 'coat was gone! Then I was unnerved. "I grasped at the . stair-rail, and.canght it just in time to sup port myadf. Carrie came running put, her face tnrmng pale with alarm. " 0b > Fred 1 are yen sick ? - Let me call mother and this doctor. ' Yon ore as white" as a sheet," - Kn. np,X?airiol" I-entreated.- - -"There, T- am better now.". - -.v - - Audi wasbctter.1 I wB8 etrong, sIl at; once— -desperately strong. And what brought about this ch ange ?' ?be Ehripla receipt whioh Xhad in mypockct, Anderson had"; nothing to show that the irioney; "had been"1 paid, and was not my unaided word as good ! aehis? " > : I was I polish enough to "believe that X. eoqld hravje 'it through; aud i grew confident - and quite easy at once. "Therej Garrw.Xam mnch ljetter now: The room was tto warm. I gueaa. So some' sneak-thief "has- ffbdged'in and'ktolen my 'cqatl Wl.let itgo. ' Yt waB only -an old"; pne,.andTUhavearhelter." : ? . waa ihete 'anjthlpg''in'- yonr'; joefasta?" Slaked Gekite.;; ; : -' ''J '-ItijiB : rixsngehd w kuspieioUB guilt - vfHl- thake uei: ' I teB'ny thonghtthat Oarrie'eiiB. .p6ctedxne,Bhd anangryreply Avasunfte end . - iff ii, my tongue; ' I -vSoppressed At; however, and "tattered- Bt;? talE&o;'oS ' in» fiteaft, ; - " NothiDgufccnseqnenes,- Carrie. Agood ipxir of gloves and some other trifling notions." . ' - : " I am glad it is no worse, Fred. Mow, if. ycu will wait just a moment, I will get you one of father's coats to wear home." Thus tquippsd 1 fait her. ; -Yoa rosy guess Hint my slumbers thst night were uot very sound, nor very rtfiesk- I ing. I never passed a more miserable night, anil in the morning rny haggard looks -were tkv subject of remerk. " "Why, Fred, yon look ae though yon had met a legion oi ghosts last night," said Winston. " What is the matter I" . "1 have had a bad night of it," I an swered, with a sickly smile. " And you'll have another, . if you're not csrefol. You had better keep qniet to-day. By-the-way, did you write to Anderson ?" I do not know how I managed to reply, for the question set me to shivering from h ied to foot, and I was so week that I eaa-d scarcely ait in my chair. I must have answered in the' affirmative,' however, for he said: " Then we may look for something from him tc-inorrow, or the next day?" Im mediately after he added, " Why, Fred, yon shiver as though you had the ague, and yen are sweating like a butcher I Ycn're sick, man. Come ! jump into my carriage, BEd I'll tako you home." I was glad of tho chance to get away, and reaching my room, 1 looked myself in. Winston sent a doctor round, but I refused to sec him. Tbc-u he ca:ne himself, but I wcubi nDt rp-:i the doer. The Jndiadj came, then some cl my felio.v -boarders, but I turned them all avoy. Ah ! there were teirihlo hours that I p.asrcd end ihe night coming on brought me no relief. Can ycu not guess what I wee mcdiiatirR? Coward thst I wss, I had at last resolved cpnr. ccli-dostruction. 1 commenced eq-.ywiwMluisa viik-Its- sstne CRTror.eee and deliberation thst I— ouid hive used in the must common transaction. I wrote R cbort explanation for Carrie, another for Mr Winston, h third for my poor meti er, and I Foiled them ail. In a fourth envelope I cnc'ussd tie receipt to Mr. Anderson. ; All this accomplished, I went to my sscr-ttsry and took out the wenpen of death. It was simpiy a revolver, smell and in significant iimujih in sppsnraitcc, but all S'jCteieni. Having examined tlio cortridg- s to make sure thot there wouid be no failure, 1 r a1 dun tj betei e he Ore, and placed the cold muzzle to my fcrehead. In cr.olh-rr second I sbocia have fccc-n life- Us>; but iu;t as my fiogc-r bspan to press the trirgre there eatue n tap ua my door. It startled me, and hastily concealing my weapon, I caited cat that ecu Id admit no one." Mot me, Fred?" I knew Carrie's voice, e nd yecrcing to look on her loved face got the mr story of me. Quietly slipping tho tell-tale letters, which 1 fc=d left on the table, into my pocket, 1 opened the door. " Ob, Fred ! you are real sick," exclaimed Carrie, tfcc moment the light Jell on my face. "Why did you not sect icr me? Aren't you better J" ' Worse," I answered, huskily ; " but Carrie— good Heavtn'Bi" As I uttered this exclamation I started hack, aua then forward ; ana then— f hardly know -what, lor, hanging across Carrie's arm, was my overcoat ! ; Bseovering from my astonishment, I snatched it trcm her, and thrust my band, into the pocket. X drew out the two thousand two hundred snd fifty pnond?. You have besrd abont, and perhaps Been, the singular capers of a madman, cr the wild antic3 of thoee crazed with ram, or the grote'.qce dancing o! ravages. Wei!, judging from what Carrie told me and from the ap pearance of my apartmsct after it was all over, I am led to bElieve that, were it possible to concentrate the three above . mentioned species of demone into : one, their capering and dancing wonld appear tame in compari son with mine that night. Bnt Feooled down after e while, and just in time to BaveOrrrio's head a thump Atom the chair or the washstand, which I hod selected es partnarsln my crazy waltz. - Then I ssked for an explanation. It wee the simplest thing imaginable. - I do not know why I had not thought of it before. It was simply a blander of Carrie's father. He bed mistaken my coat for his own, and worn it down town, never dreaming that a small -fortune— wasJying- idly— in — one- of the pockets. Well, I didn't have tbe brain fever over the affair, but I was next door to it. . I made a clean breast ot the whole thing excepting my attempt, or. rather, my resolve, at self de struction. -Ko one ever gceesed- that part of it, and I tell it to-day for the first time. 1 cent Mr. Anderson his receipt, handed over the money to Mr Winston, and went right on with my duties, a wiser and better man, I hope. And to-morrow, God willing, I shull lead Carrie to the altar. 