"ANI THIN, WHI THE KITrLE WAS TO BE FILLED, DINAH CAME IN-MY DINAH."I THE Corting of Dinah Shadd BY RUDYARD KIPLING. (Continued from No. 53.) '"Dn I ever tell you how Dinah Shadd came to be wife av mine ?" SI dissembled a burning anxiety that I I had felt for some months-ever since i Dinah Shadd, the strong, the patient, and the infinitely tender, had of her own ( good love and free will washed a shirt for. me, moving in a barren land where wash ing was not. "I can't remember," I said casually. 1 " Was it before or after you made love to s Annie Bragin and got no satisfaction ?" The story of Annie Bragin is written in another place. It is one of the many episodes in Mulvaney's chequered career. " Before-bhefore-longbefore, was that I business av Annie Bragin an' the corp'ril's I ghost. Never woman was the worse for i me whin I had married Dinah. There's a time for all things, an' I know how to I kape all things in place-barrin' the dhrink, that kapes me inmy place wid no hope av comin' to be aught else." "Begin at the beginning," I insisted. "Mrs. Mulvaney told me that you f married her when you were quartered in t Krab Bokhar barracks." "An' the same is a cess-pit," said S ulvanev, piously. "She spoke thrue, 1 did:.d Diahl. 'Tws thJlis way. Talkis "? -that, have ye iver fallen in love, sorr ?" .I preserved the silence of the damned. I ?Mulvaney continued " Thin I will assume that ye have not. I 'did. In the days av my youth, as I have more than wans't tould you, I was a man :that filled the eye an' delighted the sowl I av women. Never man was hated as I have bin. Never man was loved as I- no, not within half a day's march av ut ! For the first five years av my service, whin I I was what I wud give my sowl to be now, I I tuk whatever was widin my reach an' digested ut-an' that's more than most men can say. Dhrink I tuk, an' ut did me no harm. By the hollow av hiven, I cud play wid four women at wanst, an' kape them from findin' out anythin' about the other three, an' smile like a full-blown marigold thlrough ut all. Dick Coulban, av the battery, we'll have down on us to night, could drive his team no better than I mine, an' I hild the worser cattle i An' so I lived, an' so I was happy till afther that business wid Amnnie Bragin-she that turned me off as cool as a meat-safe, an' taught me where I stud in the mind av an honest woman. 'Twas no sweet dose to take. " Afther that I sickened awhile an' tuk thought to my reg'mental work; conceit ing mesilf I wud study an' be a sargint an' a major-gineral twenty minutes afther that. But on top ov av my ambitious ness there was an empty place in my sowl, an' ne own opinion av mesilf cud not fill ut. Sez I to mesilf: 'Terence, you're a great nian an' the best set up in the reg' nient. Go on an' get promotion.' Sez *mesilf to me, 'ihat for!' Sez I to mesilf : 'For the glory have ut!' Sez mesilf to me: 'Will that fill these two strong arrums av yours, Terence ?' ' Go to the devil,' sez I to mesilf. 'Go to the married lines,' sez mesilf to me.' "Tis the same thing,' sez I to mesilf. ' Av you're the same man, ut is,' said mesilf to me ; an' wid that I considhered on ut a long while. Did you iver feel that way, sorr ? " I snored gently, knowing that if MIul vaney were uninterrupted lie would go on. The clamour of the bivouac fires beat :;up to the stars as the rival singers of ;: th companies were pitted against each other. S! So I felt that way, an' a bad time ut iwas. Wanst bein' a fool I wint into the married lines more for the sake av spakin' to our ould colour-sergint Shadd, than for any thruck wid wimmen folk. I was a corp'ril then-rejuced aftherwards, but a corp'ril then. I've a photograft av mesilf to prove ut. ' You'll take a cup av tay, widus?' sez he. 'I will that,' I sez, ' tho' tay is not my divarsion.' "Twud be better for you if ut were,' sez ould Mother Shadd, an' she had ought know for Shadd, in the ind av his service, dhirunk bung full each night. " Wid that I tuk off my gloves-there's was pipe-clay in thim, so that they stood alope-an' pulled up my chair, lookin' rounii at the chipa ornamints an' bits av things il the Shadds' quarters. They were tlhings that belonged to a man, as' no pgmp kit, here to-day an' dishipated next. ' You're comfortable this place, sergint,' says I. ' 'Tis the wife that did I t, boy,' sez he, pointin' the stenm av his pip to olud MIother Shadd, an' she slspckefl the tp a' his _bald Jipad upon tsp ppipplipsant. ' That mtanes ypu wants money, sez ssi:q. "An' thin-an', thin, whin the kittle was to be filled, Dinah came in-my Dip?)l--her sleeves rowled up to the lj~Iow an' her hair in a gowlden glory over lir forphpa , tihe big hlpp esy beneath t 'i-in' like stars bn a frosty pgllt, ao' tle tread av her two *feet lighter than waste-paper from the colonel's basket in ordl'ly room whin. ut's emptied. Bein' bit a shlip av a girl she went pink at sea' me, an' I twisted me moustache an' looked at a picture forninst the wall. Never show a woman that ye care a snap av a finger for her, an' begad she'll come bleatin' to your boot-heels." "I suppose that's whlly you followed Annie Bragin till everybody in the mar ried quarters laughed at you," said I, remembering that unhallowed wooing and casting off the disguise of drowsiness. " I'm layin' down the gin'ral theory av the attack," said Mulvaney, driving his foot into the dying fire. "If you read the Soldier's Pocket Book, which niver any soldier reads, you'll see that there are exceptions. lWhin Dinah was out av the door (an' 'twas as tho' the sunlight had gone too)-' Mother av hiven' sergint,' says I, but is that your daughter ?' ' Ive believed that way these eighteen years,' says ould Shadd, his eyes twinklin', 'but Mrs. Shadd has her own opinion like iv'ry other woman.' ''Tis wid yours this time, for a mericle,' sea Mother Shadd. ' Thin why in the name of fortune did I niver see her before ?' sez I. ' Bekase you've been thrapesin' round wid the married women those three years past. She was a bit av a child till last year, an' she shot up wid the spring,' sez ould Mother Shadd. 'I'll thrapese no more,' sez I. 'D'you mane that?' sez ould Mother Shadd, lookin' at me side-ways like a hen looks at a hawk when the chickens are runnin' free. 'Try me, an' tell,' sez I. Wid that I pulled on my gloves, dhmrnk off the tea, an' went out av the house as stiff as at gen'ral p'rad, for well I knew that Dinah Shadd's eyes were in the small av rs o-ok outl av the scullery window. Faith ! that was the only timeo I mourned I was not a cav'l'ry man for the sake av the spurs to jingle. "I wint out to think, an' I did a powerful lot av thinkin', but ut all came round to that shlip av a girl in the dotted blue dhress, wid the blue eyes an' the syarkil in them. Thin 1 kept offcanteen, an' I kept to the married quarthers or near by on the chanst av meetin' Dinah. Did I meet her? Oh, my time past, did I not, wid a lump in my throat, as big as my valise, an' my heart .goin' like a fartier's forge on a Saturday morning !' 'Twas 'Good day to ye, Miss Dinah,' an' 'Good day t'you, corp'ril.' for a week or two, an' divil a bit further could I get bekaze av the respict I had to that girl that I cud ha' broken betune finger an' thumb." Here I giggled as I recalled the gigantic figure of Dinah Shadd when she handed me my shirt. " Ye may laugh," grunted Mulvaney. "But I'm speakin' the trut', an' 'tis you that are in fault. Dinah was a girl that that would ha' taken the imperiousness out of the Duchess av Clontmel in those days. Flower-hand, foot av shod air, an' the eyes av the mornin' she had. That is my wife to-day-ould Dinah, and never aught else than Dinah Shadd to me. " 'Twas after three weeks' standin' off anu' on, an' niver makin' headway excipt through the eyes, that a little drummer boy grinned in me face whin I had ad monislhed him wid the buckle av my belt for riotin' all over the place. ' An' I'm not the only wan that doesn't kape to barricks,' sea he. I tuk hint by thesecruff av his neck-smy heart was hung on a hair-thrigger those days, you well under stand--a' ' Out wid ut,' sez I, ' or I'll lave no bone av you unbreakable.' 'Speak to Dempsey,' sez he, howling. 'Dempsey which?' sez I, 'Ye unwashed limb of Satan.' ' Of the Bob-tailed DhhIagoons,' sez he. 'He's seen her home from her aunt's house in the civil lines four times this fortnight.' 'Child ?' sez Idhropping him, 'Your tongue's stronger than your body. Go to your quarters. I'm sorry I dhlressed you down.' 'At that I went four ways to wanst Ihuntin' Dempsey. I was mad to tllink that wid all my airs among women I shud ha' been chated by a basin-faced fool av a cavl'ry man not fit to trust on a mule thrunk. Presintly I found him in our lines--the Bobtails was quartered next us -an' a tallowy, top-heavy son av a she mule lie was wid his big brass spurs an' his plastrons on his epigastons an' all. But he niver flinched a hair. " 'A word wid you, Dempsey,' sez I. 'You've walked with Dinah Shadd four times this fortnight gone.' " ' What's that to you ?' sez he. ' I'll walk forty times more, an' forty on top av that, ye shovel-futted, clod- brakin' infan try lance-corp'ril.' - "Before I cud gyard lie he had his gloved fist home on my cheek, an' down I went full sprawl. ' Will that content you?' sez lie, blouyin' on his knuckles for all the world likq a Scots Greys orf'cer. ' Con tint ! ' sez 1. 'For your own sake, man, take off your spurs- peel your jacket an' on' glove. 'Tis the beginnin' av the over ture; stand up I ' "He stud all lie know; but he niver peeled his jacket, an' his shoulders had nop fair play. 1 was fightin' for Dinah Shadd an' that cut 'on iny iheek. What hole had lie forninst me 'Stand up,' sea I, time an' again whin he was be ginnin' to quarter the ground an' gyard high an' go large. 'This isn't ridin' school,' sez I. ' O, man, stand up an' let me get at ye.' Butwhin I saw he wud be runnin' about, I grup his shitock in my left an', lhis waist-belt in my right an', swung him clear to my right.front, hea4 undher, he hammerni' my nose till thd wind was knocked out av him in tlhe bare .., ground. 'Stand up,' sez I,' 'or I'll kick your head into your chest,' and I wud ha' done ut too, so ragin' mad I was. 'My collar-bone's bruk,' sez he. 'Help me back to lines. I'll walk wid her no more.' .So I helped him back." " And was his collar-bone broken ?" I asked, for I fancied that only Learoyd could neatly accomplish that terrible throw. "He pitched on his left shoulder- point. It *as. Next day the news was in both barracks, an' whin I met Dinah Shadd, wid a cheek like all the reg'mintal tailors' samples, there was no 'Good mornin', corp'rsl,' or aught else. ' An' what have I done, Miss Shadd,' sez I, very bould, plantin' mesilf forninst her, 'that ye should not pass the time of day ?" " 'Ye've half-killed rough-rider Demp sey,' sez she, her dear blue eyes fillin' up. " 'ay be,' sez I. ' Was he friend av yours that saw yo home four times in a fortnight ? ' "' Yes,' sez she, very bould, but her mouth was down at the corners. ' An' an' what's that to you ?' "'Ask Dempsey,' sez I, purtendin' to go away. "' Did you fight for me then, ye silly man?' she sez, tho' 'she knew.ut all along. "'Who else ' sez I, an' I tuk wan pace to the front. " ' I wasn't worth ut,' sez she, fingerin' in her apron. " ' That's for me to say,' sez I. Shall Is`'ayut?' Yoa, aloz, ho in , .int', ".rwh>1r. an' at that I explained mesilf ; and she tould me what ivry man that is a man, an' many that is a woman, hears wanst in his life. " 'But what made ye cry at startin', Dinah darlin' ?' sez I. " ' Your--your bloody cheek,' sez she, duckin' her little head down on my sash (I was duty for the day) an' whimperin' like a sorrowful angel. " Now a man cud .take that two ways. I tuk ut as pleased me best an' my first kiss wid ut. Mother av Innocence ! but I kissed her on the tip av the nose an' undllher the eye, an' a girl that lets a kiss come tumble-ways like that has never been kissed before. Take note of that, sorr. Thin we wint hand in hand to ould MotherShadd like two little childher, ans' she said it was no bad thing, an' ould Slhadd nodded behind his pipe, an' Dinah ran away to her own room. That day I throd on rollin' clouds. All earth was too small to hould me. Begad, I cud ha' picked the sun out av the sky for a live coal to nly pipe, so magnificent I was. But I tuk recruities at squad-drill', an' began witli general battalion advance whin I shud ha' been balance-steppin' eam. Eyal ! that day ! that day ! " A very long pause. "Well ?" said I. " It was all wrong," said Mulvaney, with an enormous sigh. "An' sure I know that ev'ry bit av it was my own foolishness. That night I tuk, maybe, the half av three pints--not enough to turn tile hlair of a man in his natural senses. But I was more tllan hlalf drunk wid pure joy, an' that canteen bear was so much whisky to me. I can't tell how it came about, but bekaze I had no thought for anywan except Dinah, bekaze I hladn't slipped her little white arms from my neck five minutes, bekaze the breath of her kiss was not gone from my mouth, I must go through the married lines on my way to quarters an' I must stay talikin' to a red headed Mullengar heifer ava girl, Judy Sheehy, that was daughter to Mother Sheehy, the wife of Nick Sheehy, the canteen-sergint-the black curse av Shie lygh be on the whole brood that are above groun' this day ! (To be constisnued.) 