moveUst. ^ ? Tlie Secret Chamber ; OB, THE GIPSY'S VENGEANCE. By Eliza A. JJupiiy, ' Author of ' The Outlaw's Bride? 'The White Terror' &v.;, &V;, CHAPTER XXVII.— (Contikued.) , Ethel b fears began to communicate | themselveB to those around her, when the bustle of an arrival was heard. In a few ' moments, Gerald, glowing with health and happiness, entered the room in which the family was gathered, accom panied by his friend, Edmund Bertie, who soon found his way to the side of Alice, ana tne blushing reception she gave him showed that the prepossession on her Bide was at least as strong as on ; ' his. . ? . - Gerald clasped his betrpthed to his manly heartland whispered : 'Never more to part, my dearest Ethel. A_ few more hours, and you will be mine by the most sacred of all ties.' ... , She raised her eyes to his, iif which ? love and trust were mirrored, and replied ' ? ? in the same tone : 'Yes, forever yours— yours in heart and soul. Oh I Gerald, nothing can part us now.' ' Suddenly Ethel rememberedtheBtrango colloquy she had held through the win dow, and she drew Gerald usido, nnd aaked : \- ' Did you meet a messonger who came hither in a mysterious mannor to see you? I _ accidentally* saw him through the window, and 'spoke with him.' . 'That was a singular proceeding on such a night as thiB. I have not seen any ' one on tho road. Did he say he would Beekme?' . ? ' Yes. He said his message was of such importance that he must go on the road tomeetyou.' ' The inclemency of the night must, then, have driven him to seek shelter before wo cams, along. His news could not have been . of much importance, or ho would not havo failed to deliver it.' ( 'Perhaps not; but he seemed very much in earnest.' Gerald mused a moment and then said : 'It must have concerned himself, _ then, for I am expecting no news that ~ ' can mar the perfect happiness of thiB joy ful reunion. Dear Ethel, I havo labored for.you, and Heaven haa blessed my ex ertions. I hold in my grasp the fruition of long years of toil, and all I have now to do is to enjoy the BUpremo happiness I have won with a thankful heart to the ;Giyerof all good. The settlements are completed, and to-morrow wo will bo married. Thus tho blessed Christmaa Beasori will be twice hallowed to me.' ' Ethel would have petitioned for a de. \- lay of a few days, but' Gerald reminded her that he had already .submitted to , many; that her trousseau was prepared, . .and everything in readiness, and whero ifore defer their union for a Bingleday? She finally yielded, and he announcbd to. Alio groups around the fire that the' Christmaa bells would, also ring tho peal for their marriage. They reoeived the hearty congratulations of their friends, and Gerald went out among the tenants,, and after informing them of tho ap proaohing ceremony, requested their pre sence at^ho pariah church on the follow -ngja6rningT~~'v'-\\_ . ? - _--T3oon kfter .they tlispersed to their . homes, and Gerald returaeu- tiKrte room' ,j in whioh the'family was collected^' where; JiS found .a cosy supper 'served, witlT'tha' .accompaniments of egg' nog and mulled ?.wine. The bonis that_ contained them were ?wreathed with mistletoe, and when the , imerry meal was ended, Alico took the wreath from one. of them, and, plao ing it on Ethel's head, chanted some old rhymes whioh had ' struck her fancy : ? j j ' On Christmas Eve the bells were rung ; . On Christmas Ere the mass was sung;. . That only night in all the year' ? Saw the stoled priest the ohalloe rear ] - The damsel donnad hor kirtle ahoen j ThehaU was dreseea with holly green; ; Forth to the woods 'did marry men go, .To gather in the mistletoe ; Then opened wida the baron's h»U ?? Tovaual, tenant, serf, and f 11.' ' We have carried out tho - programme ' pretty well, Ethel, considering that wei . livoin such degenerate times; and now ' tlmt we may act out our own nonseuso, with no strangers to criticise us, 1 wish to | indulge a .fantasy of my own.' i \- - , ' What U lb? Gerald, laughing. ?* 'V V ? ? 1 ' ^ - f - ' \ 'i ' - ' You may bo sure of an appreciative audierico.' ' ... 'Alice wont on with smiling gravity : ' The name by which this plant iB known in Germany is tier mistel, and the peopln of Holstein call it the branch of the spectres. They believo that if a per son has nervo enough to hold a bunch of mistletoe firmly in the hand, and invoke the spirit of the dead, he will Bee tho one of whom he thinks arise before him. If he wills to do bo, he can speak with the spectre.' ' But, my dear Alice,' Baid her father, ''thiB BeomB to me a silly tampering with things too solemn to bo lightly regarded. Besides, it is most unsuitable to the fes tival wo have just celebrated. '. Do not attempt such a thing to night, or indeed on any othor night, lest you might get frightened at your fancies. ' Dear father, I have set my heart on trying it now, bo do not oppose me. One would think that you really believe in ghosts. I do not, so you may safely let me verify the German supersti tion.' Alice seldom failed to carry out what ever she undertook, and; after some hard persuasion, her father/ consented that the trial might be made. She eaid: ' I have prepared an invocation which will undoubtedly bring the airy phan toms around us, if there iB any truth in tho belief.' The placed herself in the centre of the floor, grasped a branch of the mistle toe, and, assuming a tragic, air, com-! menced ' ' Spirits ol the vasty deep, On the wings of night now sweep ; Come with storm, come through air, And Bnswer to my earnsBt prayer ; - II the dead may rise to light, Come and Bpeak with me to-night. Thore wns a myatio Bilence, only inter rupted by the sound of tho rising wind sweeping against the walU of the house. After a pause of several . moments, Alico threw aside her tragic air, and said, in a disappointed tone :? ' I am n'ot spiritual enough to have the weird visibn revealed to me ; but you, Ethel, can* perhaps try it with bettor success. Oome, priesteBa, you are al ready crowriod with the Druidical wreath, and you shajl take my place.' With playful force ahe drew her friend forward, and,' unwilling to refuse her re quest, Ethels permitted the branch of mistletoe topbe thrust in her hand, and in her turii she repeated the invoca tion. V Her face was turned toward the door, which opened^n the hall, and while she repeated the inrocation her eyes became fastened to it, at she saw it begin slowly tn imclose. AVfiaura annflared ih thn open space thar curdled the life-blood around her heart, and froze her lips into Bilence. V; \- A tall man, waring a light-colored/ overcoat, mado' w'aite by the snow tjyat had fallen on it ; hp long, fair hair bopmed with the same flи flakes, felj^n dis order upon hia shoulders, benieath which waB seon a face as pallid as fthat of any ghost. He spoke TSn a tone of hollow mockery : V / 'You have called xao, and lo! I come.' . \v/ A cry escaped Mrs.tDigby, and Bhe ex. claimed : .1 ' It is Vernqjr 1 You have summoned him from the realms of\ the dead. Drop that branch, that he may forever vanish.' i( ' 'That is easier said 4an done,' said Vernor, in his natural voice, as ho strode forward and confronted the group. 'I am no ' goblin-damnad,' but a flesh and blood entity, which . I can well believo you would all be. glad to drive back into the realms, of everlasting no thingness. But I am here, and havo come to olaim my own from him who has un lawfully seized upon it.' For a moment Gerald: stood frozen in to Bilence by thiB terrible! interruption to their mirth. But lie was jirouoed from his immobility by a faiiit cry from Ethel, and she fell insensibly in his out stretched arms-. As they folded around her, the wretched conviction came to him that another person possessed the right to stand between hirajolf and her he had deemed so e'ntirely his own. He stifled tho deep groan of agony that arose in his tortured sstil, and endeavored to restore animation1 to Ethel by sprink ling water from ths table over her inani mate features, i Vernor mado Ja step toward him, and hoarsely said .' ' Unhand. that lady, sir I Let my aunt minister to her, for I do riot chooso my wife to lis thua in the arms of another man. I am too frozen to touch her my self or I would tear her from your defiling grasp.': He had drawn near the fire, the others shrinking away from him as if thoy still regarded him as a supernatural prusunco, and was attempting to thaw his chilled hands over the blazing fire. Gcinld cast upon him a glance of defiance, and sternly said.: I^This lady need not become an object t-f contention between ]us. Her own de cision shall govern both of us as t,o which .one Bhe will prefer as her futur.o htja T-and.' : «'i comprehend that ruBe,' replied Vetyior, with a contemptuous curl of his. h?fighty lip.- ' You think yourself bV Sure of getting it in your favor, but the law gives her to mo, and I defy you of anyone else to invalidate my plaim.' i ' ' You resigned her long agio £q nfo, I thought you dead, or I should have plaocd her fate beyond your con trol.'' ' . 'n ' Bnt you Bee that I am not dead, . and you har« failed to accomplish that neces sary duty.'' Since you neglected it, I shall avail myself of every light possuw , ovet'that girl, who oifers a. protty. wel come to \her long- absent/ husband, by fainting when he appeara in her pro senco.' \ ' 'Do not dare to call yourself her . hus band, for m the sight of God you aro not —you nsvsr '.have been that 1 You sacrificed horvoiice to your desire for the wealth she inherited, and you have now returned to forc$ her odiouB bonds upon her because she again has fortune to be stow upon you.' _ - -Mrs. Digbjr, ivith trembling ; hands, Jiad been bathingvth» brow of Ethel, who now -unclosed her^yos, looked around, and seeing Vernor buried her face in Gerald's bosom, whiliitshe, murmured : ' It is truo, thon 1 It vijas no ptiantom! Tako mo away — hold ma /^st— Gerald, for I will oling to you ovon in death it self 1' - Vernyr strode toward h|r, and mock ingly said: I ? r j' . .. ' \ ... % 'So-o — my lady bride will not ovon look upon her loug-absent one. I can well imagine the vigils you have held — tears you have wopt over my supposed fate — my pretty Ethel, and if tlioy havo dimmed your beauty I can forgive it. Let mo look upon your face, that I may judgo if it is much changed since we last met.' Ethel raised her hand as if to deprecate a nearer approach, and turning her color less face toward him, she said : 'Leave mo forever, I implore you! Tako'my fortune, tako everything I olaim, but lcavo mo free to walk my path of life without your companionship. You never loved mo ; you gave mo up yourself, and I cull on you to redeem your plighted word.' 'On my soul, if it were possible to claim your wealth without tbe encum brance, I would take you at your word,' he fiorcoly rejoined. ' But so important a personage as Lady Clifton cannot bo easily renounce hor hereditary estates in favor of another. Only as your husband canT hold them, and as such I intend to enjoy them. Loose your hold on that man; cease to cling to him, or my paBsion may pasB tho bounds of freedom.' Ethel relaxed her grip on Gerald's arm, stood upright before him, and a faint shade of color swept over her pale face aB she spoke with dignity : 'Iobeyyou, since the right to command me is still unfortunately yours ; but hear me in my turn. No earthly power Bhall ever compel me to live with you as your wife. You may, for a season, stand between mo and the man I love, but I shall find means to break the ' wicked bonds in which you bound, me while I was yet too young to comprehend how odious thoy might become. You « ever loved me; my fortune was all you Bought in gaining my hand, and tho- wealth I now poBses shall yet purchase freedom for me from your cruel power.' . ' It might, perhaps, if I permitted yon to ubo it. for that purpose ; but I shall take good care not to do so. The laws of England givo a man absolute control over his wife, and I advise you to submit to the fate that is inevitable. Almost by a miracle I escaped shipwreck in which you, thought I had perished; . Tho letters I wrote you were never received; it seems ; or they may have been suppressed. He who sought to supersede me in' my family inheritance, and -also in your affections, can doubtless give an accou;itf of them.' He fixed his eyes insolently on. herald, who proudly repliod : \ j ' ' ' My whole course in lifp/ refutes such an absurd charge ; neiifeor do I believe that BUch letters lip.ve ever been written. Where have y/wj been during all these years !' ^ ' Vornot'aarect not name tne place ot nis lute residence, and he said : y''l was picked up by a ship bound to ^Virginia. When the news of the revolu tion in the country reached there, I immediately embarked for my native home. On landing at Lyne, I learned that you had usurped my title and for tune, and that my bride was also about to bestow her hand upon you. I hurried hither to put a stop to such proceedings and now, Sir Gerald Methum, I demand the restitution of my wife and estate.' ' On the last you havo .no legal claim, for the property of my uncle has become mine by purchass. The jtitle has alto been bestowed onme for services rendered to the present king ; but I waive my right to bear it if you onoose to assume a barren distinction unsupported by the wealth that can only render it respectable. As to Ethel, she nas declared her resolution not to be claimed by you. I will main tain her right to do so'at any cost.' - The rest of the group had listened in appalled silonce to this passionate colloquy; but Mr. Digby hero interpnsed : ' It is UBeless to recriminate thus. Mrs. Digby, remove Ethel to hor chamber for she seems scarcely able to sustain lierr self. Go with them, Alice, and send a servant to conduct Mr. Bertie to his chamber. Gerald and myself will talk with Vernor,- and endeavour to bring him to a more reasonable frame of mind.' Vernor stepped forward and attempted to take Ethel's hand in his ; but she shrank away, saying : . 'No— no — never , shall my hand 'be clasped in yours again. You resigned it to him to whom it is now plighted, and my heart ratifies the contract.' A dark frown gathered on his brow and he said, through his olosed teeth : ' We shall see who shall bo the winner. I play for a great stake, and the opposi tion of a feeble woman shall not mar my game. I givo you this night to reflect upon your position and make up your mind to your inevitable fate. Ethel Methurn, 1 claim your allegiance as my lawful wife, and, mark me, it thall be rendered' Ethel seemed on the verge ' of fainting again, and Mrs. Digby hastily drew her aside. Tho three ladies left the room together, Alice almost sustaining the sinking form of her frioud, whose Btrengtli waB exhausted by the violent emotions of tho last few moments. When in her own chamber she wept upon the bosom of her adopted mother, and wildly asked if it would be possible for Vernor to force her to live with him as his wife. 'Galm youj: agitation, my love,'? said Mrs.' Digby,. soothingly. ' ?? Vernor assumes a high tone, jbut he ijau'st feel file weakness pf his cause, lie cannot compel ysjj to return tq hifff.' It will take time t.o obtain a diy.qrce, but no English jury will refuse a yerdict in your favor, when the facts q£ tlfe case are fairly set bofore them.' ' But Vernor may attempt to Jfvengq on Gerald tlfe preference J feel for him. Oh ! lunty, he lqqkg so savage, so if-vengeful, that my heurt dies within me wtion I think- of him.' J.J 'My flOti can pmienc himself, Ethel; Jiave no. fears top hiig. Bad us I am' afraid Yernor is, he ijriU attempt no violence toward his cousin; He has too tender a care for his own safety, yon may to suro.' VThus reasoned, Ethel beoatne niqro etifnposed; but for her aching heart there Wui no repose, during the long hours of tSal wretched night. (Iho light of that day, which was to have wiiiesaed her espousals to the man Bhe adored, fell upon her wan and wr'etohed, feirfyl of the evil influence which had dalktned hor lifo and half- broken heir hcirt: She was too ill and miserable- to detbead to breakfast, and Alico came in to share tho repast which waB served in her owi apartmont. Sho endeavored to cheer thehiiiking spirits of her friend, but she had\\.a( . ypt po favorable new* 'to com. 'I . CHAPTER XXVIII. VKBNOIt DISMAYED. % Vainly did Mr. Digby endeavor to mediate between the two cousins. Vernor pertinaciously adhered to his demands, and declared' . that the full and amplo restitution of his fortune, together with the surronder of Ethel, wore the only terms to which' ho would listen. Several days were consumed in fruit loss negotiation, during which Ethel confined herself to her own apartment, and Bteadily refused to recoivo tho intruder. 'Vernor assumed tho command of the house as its lawful masier, and the servants learned to their dismay that tho wedding of thoir lady would not tako place, as the former husband, long sup posed dor.d, had returned, to assert his prior claim to her. \- Gerald was almost in dospair at tho firmness of Vornor, whon a lettor from Lyme was delivered to him which changed tho aspect of affairs in his favor. It was directed in tho cramped hand of one not much accustomed to writing, and, on opening it, he found these lineB Sib Gekald Metiidbn— Honored Sir:— 1 write this to let you know of a discovery I have mado which may be important to you. Threo days ago a ship went ashore near this place ; the people on board were saved, and one of the passengers were brought to Jessie Lithgow's where I lodge. She is a young and beautiful woman, I can see, although she has been sick almost unto death since her arrival here. During her illnesB her wild raviuga informed me of some facts that bear upon tbe history of your cousin, Vernor Methura,.who I am aware is now in England. I know much of Vernor'a former life, ond when his first name fell so often from her lips I listened to her words with interest. I sought for a confirmation of my suspicious, and found a letter concealcd in the dress she wore when Bhe was brought hither, which proved to mo that I was right in my con jectures. , 1 1 incloso you a copy of that letter, as I dared not re mo re tne original. You can judge for yourself if the facts it contains can be of any use to yon at this crisis. He bas married a second wife while his first Oil'. 'IB yet living, and this poor girl bas followed him to demand such redress as the lawi may afford. v .. Four nlghtn'nvjo Vernor Methurn was in this place, and by this time he is un doubti^lly at Cliffden. I know the Lady ;£#Uel was soon to marry you, and the infor mation I send may enable you to deal with your adversary on more equal terms. You may rely on the truth of this statement from a friend, although my name ie not signed to it. M. V. Below this was copied the letter Vernor had written to Sylvie, and Gerald no sooner glanced over it than he saw from internal evidence that his cousin muBt have been the author of the original. The date also confirmed his suspicions that Vernor had not told the truth as to the place of his refuge during the years of hiB absence. In a tumult of feeling he sought Mr. Digby, and laid the important missive be fore him. He read it carefully, and then said : ' This places Vernor at your mercy, The woman he has thuB wronged will ex pose hii treachery, and to avoid a prosecution for bigamy he will be com pelled to fly from the country. A delay of a few months will enable you to olaim your bride, for now all legal difficulties to ia divorce must vanish before the proofs you can bring forward oPhis utter, want of principle and feeling. Let us seek an interview with him, and show him the critical position in which he stands.' Vernor was walking on the sea-beach, but in~ a short time he came up and re turned to the house. Gerald met him in the hall, and requested a private conver sation in the library. ' 'Our interviews lead to so little thatis satisfactory that it seems useless to hold them,' he said, with a sneer ; ' but I will f-ot refuse your request.' 'This one at least will be moro deoiBive,' was the significant reply ; 'I have something of importance to com municate to you which will probably change your plan of action.' 'I fancy not ; but wo shall see, 'and he indolently followed hiB cousin, and threw himself in a chair in front of the fire. Mr.' Digby was seated beside the library table, and Gerald carefully closed the door of the room. Vernor haughtily said: ' You take many precautions which are now useless, for pvery servant in this house knows who! am .and why I havo come hither. They also begin to compre hend that I intend to maintain the foot ing I have gained here as the lawful master of the domain.1' ' I am quite well avare of that ; but they do not/know what I am about to communicate to you. j It haa been known to myself only within ihe last hour, and 1 warn you that it will be a terrible blow to you.' . , ? ' Lot it fall, then,' was the reokless rejoinder. 'I am prepared for anything you, can have to tellime.' , ' I think you aro.scarcoly prepared for this. . How long is it since you left Bar bado'es and deserted the woman to whom you wero united thore 1 I am aware that you have never boon in Virginia: that the' years of your exile woro spent in the West Indies.' As Vernor listened his cheeks blanched. He visibly trembled, though he faltered : ' It is false i No woman has a legal claim to me sejre Ethel. Why should you presume to doubt my word as to the place of my exile?'! ' I doubt it because it is satisfactorily proved to mo that you have never been in Virginia. Tljte wdman yo() lately 4eserted is alroady in England in pursuit of you, and by thia tiine tho cluo to your identity is furnished to her, though you wedded her only under your baptismal name.11**'' . He looked fixedly on the'ehanging faoe of the listener, and if confirmation had boen needed, the agitation of Vernor supplied' it. He faintly gasped : 'Sylvie in England! Sylvie on my traok 1 then I am indeed undone 1' . After 9 moment of perturbed thoiight, he passionately aBked : ' Who has told you this ? 'What proof have you of what fou assert : Gerald- offered hiin the letter of the gipsy,, and calmly said : ' Bead that, and see that you are no longer safe in this oountry.' (To be Continued.) ' When the grave-digger was asked how he'j found life, he replied that he didn't see] much of it around where he worked. Soi'tleigh : ' Miss Flyte, do you think MissQiggie is laughing at me 2' Miss Flyte : i 'I can't aay, Mr. Softlelgh, She often laughs at almost nothing.1' . ! '?* '??' ' ' '??? i ? T ' 