AUTHOR'S NOTE. In tlie summer of 1887 I cams upon a pamphlet published by Tlie Times five years previously, gi vin - an account of the persecution of tiie J« iva iu Russia in 1881. At about the samo time I found iu the Brooklyn Times (U.S.) a tragic incident in the alleged career of a Jewess, which recalled to my mind a grim passage of Rnnsian history. These three records in- spired the story I have just concluded. It occurred to me to find in the one village of Russia where the Jews had for a time lived uuinolested, a haroun who, falling under the lash of Russian persecution, should survive the k«j»eaesfc of human afflictions to become nuder very dramatic and romantic clroumstaucej, the instru- ment of Divine vengeance upon her enemy, and probably a type of the fierce injustice which characterises the civil and military government of Russia. My inspiration of this tragic figure sprung fre;n . the following narrative, related as absolutely true by Charles J. Rosebault, |u the Brooklyn Times during the mouth June, 1887 : "Not far from the police station on Elisabeth-street is a large three-storey brick building. Years ago it was a hand- some dwelling, but time aud the small boy has played havoc with its facade, doors, windows, and railing. It is occu- pied by a well-to-do Russian, who years ago. fled his native land for alleged com- plicity in some plot against the Czar. It has long beeu the rendezvous of political refugees of both sexes, Russians, Nihil- ists, Polish Liberators, French Com- munards, German Socialists, and Cosmo- politan Anarchists. The circle met there is composed of odacated and clever people.. Nearly all are excellent linguists and more or less successful in trade, literature, or professional life. Owing probably to the terrible scenes in which they have been actors all are more or less eccentric in behaviour, speech, or ideas. Not long since a party of a dozen men and women were spending the evening in the old-fashioned parlour. All smoked, a few sipped the vitriolic Vodka between the whiffs of their cigarettes, while all the .rest assuaged thirst with tho cheap wines of the Rhine aud Moselle. The conversation had been political and lite- rary rather than anecdotal iu character, and had flagged until the room was almost silent. The only person speaking was a handsome Jewess of 24 or 25, whose name or norn de guerre was Theodora Ornavitsch. She was of a rare type of that race, being a superb blonde with bright golden hair, large lustrous blue eyes, and exhibiting the powerful figure and splendid health which cha- racterise the Hebrew women to so re- markable a degree. AB she paused at the end of an argument and drained a glass of Josephshoefer, some one asked, 4 What made you a Nihilist, Dora ?' "'Not'iiug very remarkable to us Russians,' she replied. * I haling to a good family in a small town in the Warsaw Province; I inarri<-d the RabSi of our Synagogue, aud wo wore wry happy for a few mouths. The Czar thou made a elia tige, and sent down a neve Govor-ior from St. Petersburg to repine») our ol i o:ie, wiio was a gool aid just tuan, although a Russian General. Tile new comer had every vice, and no virtue of any kind. He was so bad sud cruel that our f riouils and relatives wrot* tis wWn he came waruiug us against him. My husband tiie next Sabbath,, in tira syna- gogue, told our people about hiui, and advised tliom to be over cautious tn. not violatiug riuy one of the thousand tyrauuî cal laws wit h which wo wt*re cursed, He was arrested, tried, flogged on ïfrç public square into insensibility, and- sent to Siberia for life. I was preseut when he uudervveut his agony, aud stood it until I became crazed. I broke through the crowd toward the wretch of au official, and cursed him aud his master, tho Czar, and swo-e vengeance against botii. 1, too, was arrested, tried at court-martial, and Bont'*n<:ed to receive a hundred blows with th» rod in the public square. I, a woman was taken by drunken Moujiks and bea'lieu Gissaiks to the pine.;, fud by tny hands to the whippiug-p <«V tny clothing tom fro n my bjtly to til ^ waist, aud beaten before all thc soldiery a*«d tho people of the towu. At thc twentieth blow I fainted, but the ropes ' hold me up, sui the full huudred «was counted on my body. They cut ma down, rubbed rock salt and waler aud some iron that eat* like tire into my back to stop tho bleed int?, and carried me to the hospital. I lay there two months, and was discharged, I had but one idea then, and that was vengoauce. By patience I managed to got employment in the Governor's Palace as a seamstress. One afternoon he was in his bath, and ho sent for towels. The attendant was tired, aud I voluu teared to take them. I threw them over my arm, and nuder them I held a long stiletto, sharp as a needle. I entered ibo room, and he was reading and smoking in his bath. I laid the towels by his side with my loft baud, aud at the next mo- ment with my right 1 drove the knife through his heart, lt was splendidly doue. Ho never wadu a sound aud. I escaped to this laud. That iav why. I am a Nihilist. Do any of you4onbtf' She sprang oxcitedly from her chair, < and ¿in; half a miuute had bared herself toi tito waist. The front of her form from mbok to belt might have passed as-tl» tunda! cf the Venus di Milo. But the back! Ridges, welts, aud furrows that «Missed and interlaced AS if cut with -a? fcödhöfr irou, patches of white, grey, pink,rblne;! and angry red, holes and hollows with hard, hideous odges, half visible ribs and* the edges of ruined muscles, aodall of wiiich moved, contracted, and lengthened* with the swaying of her body. .There was a gasp from everyone present. Tire« aged host rose, silently kiss^ ihsr ion the forehead, and helped her to put back Iber/ garments. Then again the wine: passed rouud, and what secret toasts were . madei as the party drank will never be known." The historic chapter which this news-; paper paragraph brought to my mind was the story of Madame Lappukin; ?be*; briefest account of which is probably the" following, from The Knout, Germain de Lagny : In 1760, under the reign of the indolent and luxurious Elizabeth, who had abolish- ed capital punishment, Madame Laponkin, a woman of rare beauty, of which the Czarina waB envious, was condemned to the knout and transportation, in spite of the privilage of the nobility never to suffer the former punishment. She had been feted, caressed, and run after at court, and had, it is said, betrayed the secret of the Empress's liaison with Prince Razoumowsky. She was con-: ducted by the executioners to the public square. The executioner cut her flesh into shreds by one hundred strokes of the knout, from the shoulders to the lower portion of the loins. After the infliction of the punishment, her tongue was torn out, and a short time subsequently she was seut to Siberia, whence she was recalled in 1762 by Peter ZU. For the successful development of these journalistic literary and historical, facts aud and suggestions into a full threo volume novel, with truthful as well as characteristic accessories, it was neces. sary that I should make a study of Russian village life, and refresh my memory with such chapters of Russian history as should enable me to hold ray imaginary characters and their actions within the reasonable control of proba- bility. I was already fairly well ac« quaiuted with some of the best works of Russiau fiction which sro full of stroog local colour and fine characterisa- tion. A foreign criticism upon the Venetian chapter of the story makes it desirable for me to state that the introduction of a Russian interests in the Royal Fetes on the Grand Canal is pnre iuvention. Tho pageautry is true enough ; tho presence of the King and Qc?eu of Italy; the illuminations and the rest ; but the red gondola and the ghost of the lagoons belong to the region of fancy; though they might easily have formed part of the events of the time. I saw a dead swim- mer towed into an English fisliiug port under similar circumstances to those which I have described as occurriug in the waters of the Adriatic. In taking leave of my readers, with all due apologies for this personal note, I venture to express a hope that they may continue to feel an interest iu tho future of the Milbaokes, the Forsyths, the Ohetwynds, and the Kiosstocks. If I have made these people half as real to them as they are to me, they will keep them in their remembrance as acquaint- ances, if not as friends ; and iu reflective moments their hearts will go out to au old man and his daughter who in the spirit of chastened content are fulfilling their voluntary exile, their happiness a dream of the past, their chief hope iu a future "where the wicked cease from troubling and the weary are at rest." 