if ATTRACTIVE IOUBB v PEBSOH. . #> CHAPTER I. poi afraid Mrs. Piggin Will have to go," a stout, middle-aged farmer, This dissatisfaction. The other members 8 Little Puddington Sohooi Board offered j think we must give the old lady a i-rX; notice, and get rid of her," continued wthwrite. " She is terribty behind the fKere's no doubt of that. The school has hardly any g«tn for last two sowerbutts gave another grunt, meas ly to express thereby his contempt alike for & PifrSn's grant-earning power, the grant, KStacation Department. _ ."i expect in another year the inspector will down the wrath of the department upon JVbeamt. Perhaps they will dissolve the SSand order the election of a new one." «Xh»t won't do nohow," said Mr. Sower- TheMSowerbutts moves that the nre3ent holder of the office of schoolmistrea Cited to resign, and that the chairman be ittseted to insert advertisements for a new Scber in the Church 2 iutes and other news- JLre" said Mr. Dowthwaite, making a jTJ of the motion as he spoke. "Mr. wintle seconds the motion," he added, with a ehoce in the direction of that gentleman. Mr, wintlOi whose eyes had been fixed the whole floe on the rector's face, gravely nodded ; and $8 rector rose from his chair to intimate that tbemeetiugwasatanend. Ur, Dowthwaite spent the whole of the afternoon in drafting an advertisement end pending copies of it to various clerical and scholastic newspapers. 44 Must be a sound charehwoiiian. One able to play the har- nonium preferred," be added to the list of requirements. There was a standing difficulty about getting a not utterly incompetent per former on the harmonium at Little Puddington; and the good rector thought he might as well nake the obnoxious Education Act UBeful for ones. The interview with Mrs. Piggin he deferred fill the following morning, as being the most unpleasant part of the business. It went off, however, tetter than he had feared. By degrees he got the old lady to miderstand that if she cent in her resignation it would be gratefully accepted, and she would be considered as having put the parish and the country generally under au obligation, < Tou see, Mrs. Piggin, we are obliged to follow the times," said good-natured Mr. Dowth- waite, in an apologetic tone. " We can't afford ts lose the grant another year, we really can't." 41 Oh, I suppose not, sir," said Mrs. Piggin, firing her eyes on the rector's face. 44 I've been schoolmistress in this p&riBh; for two-an' -twenty years, an' we've done very well without any grant. I've brought up my children to learn their catechism and do their duty, like their fathers before them. I can't teach French an drorin', an' such like ; and much good it would do them if I could. However, Pre Baved enough, thauk Heaven, to be independent of erery one; and Betsy Jane Jrugh. stop talkm' and go on with your sum, or it'll be the worse for ye." The rector listened in silence, and finally made his escape, thankful that the most dis enable part of his duty as a reformer was orer. But his difficulties were by no means at an end. The day after bis advertisement appeared he received one hundred and twenty-seven applications for the vacant post ; the nert day brought him two hundred and thirteen; the third day produced ninety-six. All the appli cants were able to teach every necessary sub ject, as well as several which were not necessary, and everyone was able to |>ro- duce testimonials of the highest possible dimeter. In his despair the rector turned to his sister- ribw, Miss Jordan, who had kept hiB house Since the death of his wife, and humbly sued for her advice and assistance. But Miss Jordan Was an elderly lady, with strong, old-fashioned prejudices, and she objected to the new scheme altogether. She sarcastically advised the re- toitollment of Mrs. Piggin, a course which was pkfflly out of the question. Mr. Dowthwaite then turned for help to his curate, the Bev. Augustine Cope, a meek and gentlemanly $w»g man? who acted as unpaid secretary to toe rector when there was anything trouble- tome to be done. Mr. Cope took the mass of Papers home to his lodgings, and made an attempt to select a few of the most promising applications from the others. At the end of tour hours' work, however, he found that his «t contained no fewer tha-o forty -nine names — ta obviously impracticable number. At the next monthly meeting of the board cfttf18 Were D0 further advanced. The table «the morning room at the rectory — which as a board room — was covered with fl61? f application and copies of testimonials ; the members of the board sat gaping at the " ir $ocumeute in belpleBS disomy. ' Sntlemen," began Mr. Dowthwaite Jf? & Very vaoUe notion of what the rest of his =u«uce was to be, when a knock at the .door wsmipted him. <i n,ime cri®d. lle&se;, sir," said Thomas. " there's a lady TO to see you." « u I Lm gaged, Thomas." this lady has called about the School jJ\An applicant ? It is rather irregular, oet- Pt/5 I particularly mentioned in the adver- that no personal applications were to .allowed," said the chairman to his fellow- la " however, since the young person 111 M W®R see her. Show her in, |aJ1,?aent afterward a slim, upright figure, toon 8um,ner costume, appeared in the > ted the farmers present rose instino- their feet. Only the rector retained his f®ettce of mind. Th« Bet a chair," said he. Hif J0UQ? lady bowed with the utmost kuV8?81011 nnd took the. seat which Ther» 2 er. She was decidedly pretty. PalermT68 no doubt of that, in spite of her k&s; h a!1(1 her thin lips. Her fair hair down smoothly over a brow as Were „ii Woman could desire ; her features fl'tjir Ji rcatel j- formed, her eyes being espc- Her age it might have been «>, ?Uasfi ; a man would nave admitted would if„ might be over twenty ; a woman k 11 Y«wVe d she did not look thirty. u&me; is—Miss— ah! Mws Gray- wtiov the rector, referring to the card . Tb ;_ma8 had handed to him. l®dy bowed. As she lifted her itiaW « that the rector was still scruti- and she comprehended the T®rs of the board in one swift glance, ««?£» h® curate. Mr. Cope dropped A ad viTf Grayling smiled inwardly. 0a tave come about tJte YWaaST Mk lu»8«rtia»ar> bqalMdtt. ing, Wi'11 ""1% I»wd t&kAat; iik. nopereontl 111 mjured timeT d the rector, hmfl ddoile iheeaid, anxious thafmv » " hut I was So overiooked. If you SH ti not be asked. ® you 1)8611 teaching |" he hnntoit!!. Mr. Cope busied 1b SS.S' %, <A>pB«8o fm .« laige bundle of dmilu mi, he hud them Utt?« doaht that I could pass the examinations if you think ifc desirable!" said wTlftm ".tat I think i of teaching the village ohildrea everything neoeseary," g edt absurd to imagine that this if dy waa not capable of acting Pu&h; «" her com? pauionB , and the rector, feeling this, tossed the rethar scanty testimonials aside. . L> oght to teU yon," he said, " that this is very modest appointment. You know the Mlary is not large, and depends partly on the ttovernment grant earned by the schooL The position is not — ah!— not an exalted one. By the way, he exclaimed, suddenly, 41 can you play the harmonium P" 4-Oh,yes Sir," said Miss Grayling, with a bright and pleasant smile. h— well— we will consider your applica tion, sud Mr. Dowthwaite, shuffiing the papers before him rather nervously, 44 1 beg your pardon, Sir," said Miss Gray- lii, in a low, earnest tone, as she slowly rawed her graceful form from her seat ; but would you allow me to wait in the hall, or the kitchen, or anywhere, till my case is decided on. 1 have a long journey before me, and "if you could— -P" J She did not finish her sentence ; but she glanced at the other members of the board as she spoke. Mr. Sowerbutts and his friends had not, meantime, spoken a word ; but now they uttered a half-arficulate murmur, end the rector bowed in a stiff but courteous fashion. The modest request was granted, and Grayling withdrew. Somehow, the young lady had made the board feel that she was in a sense awaiting their verdict— that her fate hung in them hands. ' Well, gentlemen," said Mr. Dowthwaite, 44 1 don't know that we could do better. Ihig young — ah I — person is highly recom mended; I may say, highly recommended by the" — lifting his double eyeglasses to his nose— " the vicar of Little Shenstone. There can be little doubt as to her capability to under take the duties, And really, if we began hunt ing through all these papers, we might go farther and fare worse." 44 'Ear, 'ear"-«urmured Mr. Sowerbutts, in a hollow, bass voice, tapping the point of his stick gently on the floor, and accordingly it was settled that Miss Laura Hill Graying should be appointed to the vacant office. CHAPTER H. In the course of a month the new school mistress .entered upon her duties. The village children regarded her with mingled admiration and awe as she came into the little schoolroom for the first time in her spotless morning gown. The dress was only of cotton, bat it was neatly, even stylishly made. They gazed with wonder and delight as Miss Grayling contemptuously flung poor Mrs. Piggin's cane into the empty fireplace, and they promised themselves golden days for the future. In that particular, however, they were dis appointed. The new teacher, they soon dis covered, was not to be trifled with. They had to work harder than they had ever done before; but they did not grumble. They literally wor shipped their schoolmistress and would no more have thought of disobeying her than of dis puting the authority of the village constable. When the rector visited the school every Monday morning he was delighted with the order that reigned there. He thought Miss Grayling a very exemplary and superior young woman. He lent her books. He gave her mm advice as to her work, with which he had not thought it worthwhile to trouble good Mrs. Piggin, and his counsels were invariably re ceived with a (harming deference. It was the custom at Little Puddington for the curete to give the school children a lesson in Bible history on Wednesday afternoons ; aod Mr. Oope looked forward to his first lesson ynflftr Mim Grayling's auspices with some in ward trepidation. In spite of himself he felt a certain tremor as he addressed the new teacher, and yet he found himself continually desiring to speak to her. By degrees, however, this wore off, and he came to look forward to Wednesday afternoons as pleasant interludes inhia rattier monotonous weeks. He, too, was . solicitous for the new teacher's mental pabulum, and lent her books, beginning with popular history bookB, going on to Sunday afternoon tales, and finally reaching the stage of undeniable yellow-backed novels. Miss . Grayling smiled to herself as die placed Mr. Cope's 44 Orley Farm" in her desk betide Mr. Dowthwaite'B 44 Chronicles of the Schonberg- Cotta Family." But everybody liked Miss Grayling. The. children's mothers looked on her as a superior being. Even cross old Miss Sowerbutts at the MountFarm liked tohave her goo verona Thurs day afternoon, when John was at market, j />r/nV a cup of tea with her, and enlighten her as to the real fashions as worn in London. The only person who did not join in the chorus of approbation was Miss Jordan, the rector's afster-in-law. , _ : 44 Don't you think we were very fortunate in getting such a superior mistress in Mis. ( piggm'splace ?" said the rector to his sisterin- law one Sunday after church. t i dare say, said Miss Jordan. _ «« xhere is a maiked improvement m the behaviour of the children, both at church and in school," continued the rector, in rather a magisterial way. aa il to resent the meat of an undue partiality for Miss Grayling, which was viable in Miss J ordan s face. # 44 The boys don't make half so much noire In going out of church before the sermon as they used to do," continued the parson. 44 I've no doubt the young woman Is very well fitted for her place,' said Miss Jordan. 44 Dear me !" said the rector to himself, 44 it's odd how few women can forgive another woman, in a somewhat lower rank of life, for having a pretty face and an attractive manner. Whatever the reason, it was plain thatMfes J9f4an was not captivated by the now mistress, They avoided each Other as if by mutual con- uent. It happened that one afternoon, in early summer. Mire Grayling had gone up to the Mount Farm, by invitation, to drink tea With Mas Sowerbutts. It was a Thursday— a day when the farmer always attended market at the neighbouring town of Groby, I must make haste and get home before dark," Said Miss Grayling, as the day began to wose ; and she went up to put on her bonnet. The operation, however, took some little time, am it was diversified by an exhibition of Miss Sswerbutt's mother's wedding-dress and various other pieces of raiment of a quite remote antiquity, in all of which Miss Grayling took keen interest. 44 1 declare it's getting quite dark," ex- maimed the (schoolmistress at last, as she torew on hsr hat in a great hurry, end went down stairs with her hostess. Arrived in- the garden, however, it was impossible to so without a morsel of Miss Sowsrbutts's de licious Bweet-brkr ; the peas, too, were in a most interesting state of development, and by toe time they had been duly admired toe farmer's burly form was seen slowly ad vancing between the hedge-rows, borne on ward by his gig and his good mare, Jess. Gertainly Miss Grayling looked a pretty figure as she stood at the porch of the farmhouse shaking hands with its mistress. 44 Well, Miss, and how are ye P" said Mr. Sowerbutts, with a very red face, as he leaned outofthegigto shake hands with his sister's visitor. 44 Very well, thank you. But I must say geod evening. I really must get home before 44 What's toe need for that P Jess and I must see thee home." " Oh, no, no 1 I couldn't think of such a thing. You must be so tired, and the poor horse, too. Good-bye." And Miss Grayling took a hasty farewell of her friend, and ran down the roadway with the prettiest little steps in the world. Meanwhile Mr. Sowerbutts was slowly turn' ing round the unwilling Jess. 44 But, John, the mare will be overdone. Sbe can find her way home, or I'll send Jacob with her, " said Miss Sowerbutts, regretting in her heart that she had ever invited the school mistress to the farm. To tins John made no reply, and having suc ceeded in turning the horse and gig, he speedily overtook Miss Grayling, who was walking on ahead in the most determined manner. 44 Whoa ! who-a I" cried Mr. Sowerbutts to the mare. 44 Now, Miss, will 'ee get in ?" And he held hack the apron as he spoke. 44 Really I can't— I can't take you back to Puddington after your journey;" and Miss Grayling stood hesitating. 41 No," she said, more firmly, as Mr. Sowerbutts only sat and looked at her without speaking ; 44 there iB really no necessity for it." 44 If I ask ye to come I mean it," said the farmer, 44 an- 1 take it as a favour. 44 Oh if you put it so politely, I shall he very happy," said buss Grayling, as she held up her little gloved hand, and waB "hoisted into the t was after all only a mile and a half to the village. For the first minute nothing was said. 44 You play that 'armonium in church beau- tiful/' said Mr. Sowerbutts, at length. Miss Grayling laughed and turned her smiling face upon her companion. 44 Do you think so ? Fm not so sure of that myself," said she. 44 Beautiful/' responded Mi. Sowerbutts, with emphasis. 44 And settin' there, in the chancel, with the red window shining on yer »ead, you look like a saint in glory 1" The conversation thus took a more prosaic turn, and Miss Grayling evinced the deepest interest in the price of hay, calves, and other agricultural topics, until they reached the cot tage in which she lived. CHAPTER HL The Government inspection was always one of the events of the year at little Puddington. It generally took place in the mid of August. The Inspector was an elderly gentleman, whose proper name was Christopher Wensby, bat whose ordinary name among the teachers of his district was 44 The Walrus," from the fact that his bald forehead mid white moustache pointing downward in a straight line on each tide of his mouth gave him a decided resemblance to that creature. Report stated that Mr. Wensby and Miwa Jordan had had tender, or semi-tender, passages at some remote epoch. At any rate, they were very good friends, and Mr. Wensby always dined at lite rectory once a year, when : his toils in the little village schoolroom were over. The day came ; the inspection was duly performed, and at the end of the day Mr. Wensby sat down at the rector's hospitable table. \- 44 And what do you think of our new mis tress V" asked toe rector, as he began to carve the joint. 44 A very superior person — very superior person indeed," returned the inspector. Miss Jordan's chin was lifted a little higher in the air as this answer was given ; but the gesture went unnoticed. 44 Ah ! Glad you think so. We consider her quite an acquisition," said Mr. Dowthwaite. 44 Yes; there seemed ah improvement in all directions," continued Mr. Wensby ; 44 but especially in the needlework. Under the former mistress the needlework was very clumsy ; now it is admirable." Mirs< Jordan smiled incredulously. 14 1 assure you I have received very neat' specimens of buttonholing," said toe Inspector. 44 The department cannot fail to he pleased : with them. 1 can show you them after dinner, if you like." 44 1 should very much like to see them," said Miss Jordan dryly. After dinner, accordingly, the specimens were produced, and very neatly executed they were. 44 1 don't believe our girls ever did that work,' said Miss Jordan, solemnly, as sbe bent over the buttonholes, (i But X saw them 1" ejaculated Mr. Wensby. 44 Saw the stuff in their hands, X dare say," returned ton lady. 44 What do gentlemen know about things of that sort?" toe added contemp tuonsly . 44 1 have always to report as to the quality of the needlework," said the Inspector stiffly, and with a elight blush. 4 4 But if you assure me, from your own knowledge of toe children, that they couid not have done this work themselves, it will be my duty to institute further in- "fun certain of it," said Miss Jordan. That evening Mr. Wensby compared notes with his host, and the rector confessed that he was surprised— secretly he was startled — to find what a large number of 44 attendances" had been made, even by the most irregular of the village children. 44 We have a board meeting to-morrow," said Mr. Dowthwaite. 44 Then ask Miss Grayling to attend it, " said Mr. Wensby, 44 and ask her whether the chil dren actually did toe needlework themselves, if she says they did, I will fix a day — I can j come over ia about three weeks— to pee them. do some more specimens, and Miss Jordan can . be present. If there tea marked discrepancy between the two sets of work; why, of course X must report accordingly ; and you can con sider the matter at the next board meeting." - AH. this made the rector feel very uncomfort able. But there was no help for it, and toe next day he sent a verbal message to the school mistress, requesting her to step over to the rectory, where the School Board was then sit ting. 44 Miss Grayling," said the rector, not without embarrassment, 44 X believe that her Majesty's Inspector will be able to report very favourably of toe condition of the school" Miss Grayling bowed politely. 41 There is one point, however, on whioh I toould like to ask you one or two questions. These pieces of sewing, now"— and he produced them from a drawer as he spoke— 44 seem to me very neat, veiy creditable; but are yod ..sure that the children whose names are attached to them did them toemselves, unaided?" 44 Quite sure," said Miss Grayling tranquilly. "And toe attendances— they seem much larger than they used to he. Are you sure you have kept the register accurately?" 44 Perfectly sure," said Miss Grayling, look ing toe clergyman full in the face. One or two members of the board moved un easily in their seats, and Mr. Sowerbutts seemed to boon the point of protesting audibly 'against these aspersions on Miss Grayling's good faith. The rector felt very uncomfortable. " Very good, Miss Grayling," he said ; 44 X am glad to hear you say so. And I think we needn't detain you any longer." The schoolmistress slowly rose, bowed in her usual dignified manner, and withdrew. . Before long it got abroad in Little Pud dington that Miss Grayling was in disgrace, or at least in a condition of suspended favour. Various reasons were riven for this, the most popular theory bring that the new mistress had been caught stealing the school pence. The matter was discussed in the alehouses, at the doors of the cottages, in the church yard after service. Through it all Miss Grayling went on her way, serene as usual, preserving exactly the same manner to every one as if the voice of scandal had never mentioned her name. A little before 6 o'clock one evening the Rev. Augustine Cope knocked at the door of the pretty cottage in which Miss Grajling lived. For some months — ever since he had first seen her, in fact — the susceptible curate had been under the spell of the young lady's sweet brown eyes. He had struggled with himself long and manfully. He was not in a position to marry ; and Miss Grayling was not a suitable match for him. He knew all that very well. He did not like to think of what his aunts, Miss Cope and Miss Georgina Cope, would say on being presented with a village schoolmistress foT a niece. But, then, he had not looked on the face of any other woman who could be called a lady— save Miss Jordan's— for nearly right months. He was in love ; he could not help it ; and now this unpleasant matter added at once to his love and to his embarrassment. Even now he did not know his own mind. His ostensible object was to exchange one of the harmless novels, with which he now kept Miss Grayling well supplied, for another of the same type. "Miss Grayling," began the curate, as he seated himself in the little parlour, 44 this cannot be true?" 44 What Is not true, Mr. Cope ?" These shameful accusations, these asper sions " 44 Of course not, and I did not think that you, Mr. Cope, would pay any attention to j them." said the schoolmistress, with quiet ! dignity. | 44 On, no! not for worlds !" exclaimed the I curate; 44 1 believe in you as I would in a saint I Dear Miss Grayling— Laura — I may call yon Laura V — I find it difficult to say how I feel for you — and how much I long to shield you from the calumnies and troubles of the world in the shelter of an honest man's love." As he spoke, the curate took Miss Grayling's white and well-formed fingers between his own. 44 1 offervou my heart and all I have," he continued, his eyes searching her downcast face. 44 Alas ! that it is so little ! I know well that we cannot marry on my present stipend, but I have youth and strength on my side. Sooner or later I must get a living, and then — and then — Oh, Laura 1 say that you love me!" 44 Mr. Cope, I feel honoured and flattered more than I can Bay, and my heart tells me it is not indifferent to yon, but — '» She paused, and the tones of toe church clock striking fell on her ear. "Mr. Cope!" toe exclaimed, withdrawing her fingers as toe spoke, 44 you are more than generous, but I cannot trust myself to give you an answer now. I must not be rash, or unjust to you. Leave me now— leave me, I beg you. I will write to you to morrow " Somewhat surprised at this sudden toe agitated curate took his hat and Btiok and departed. Next day he received a daintily-scented note from Miss Grayling, in which she said that, much as she honoured him and highly as she valued his friendship, toe could see that it was not for his interest to marry a dowerless rirl, and she therefore declined his proposal. Her decision, she added, was quite 4 4 ire vocable." There was but one 44 r" in 44 irrevocable," and Bomehow this circumstance did something to ward mitigating the grief with which Mr. Cope received his letter of dismissal. The testing examination, which was to con firm or overthrow Miss Grayling's reputation, waa fixed for a Friday afternoon. The School Board meeting happened to fall on the following day, Saturday. At 8 o'clock on Friday J!Ir. Wensby arrived, and Mr. Dowthwaite and Miss Jordan went with him to toe schoolhoose. The children were all there, with clean pinafores and shining faces, but Miss Grayling was absent. Miss Jordan's face wore q peculiar smile as one of the older girls infoxfiiea the rector that Miss Grayling had not been at home for three days. Miss Jordan soon set the children to work, and in five minutes the inspector was convinced by the clearest evidence that not one of toe schoolgirls could make even a decent button- holej much loss one like those contained in the specimens. 44 You had better get rid of your superior young person as soon as you can," he said to Mr. Dowthwaite, as they went back to too rectory. Next morning, however, when the School Board met they found a letter awaiting than from Miss Grayling, in which toe said that in consequence of the undeserved aspersions which had been thrown upon her management of the school toe felt that toecoursemoetconEistent with her dignity was to resign the post which toe had had ttie honour of holding. The rector was indignant, and moved that Miss Grayling' s resignation be not accepted, but that in consequence of toe revelations that had been toe be summarity dismissed. Mr. Sowerbutts whs not present, but the other members of toe board, who had but a very limited idea of the heinousness of Miss Gray ling's offence, murmured at the severity of the sentence, and at last toe rector was persuaded . to let the resignation be accepted The following €ay was Bandar. It waa the curate's turn tot preftto, the reotor's to read prayers. The todir ft&ft; the SChoOf tofidrew were in their places, said Miss Jordan scaxmsA toe congregation With unapproving glanoe from the rectory pew. " Dearly beloved brethren, the .Scrfpiuiw mo veto us," began the rector. At that moment au unwonted rustle wad heard at the door a subdued murmur raw through the assembled worshippers, and the rector, lifting hk eyes, beheld the ox-school- mistress moving up toe aisle on toe arm of Mr Sowerbutts ! There could be no doubt of what had happened. The curate received a shock such as he hadwerer before experienced. .MXse Jordan forgot herself in her amusement, stored at toe bride as if she had been a ghost. Mr. Sowerbutts tramped stolidly on till he reached his own pew, and then, having duly installed his wife therein, began to say tbo responses in & louder tone toan usuaL The bride, in a dainty Parisian bonnet, looked very pretty. Her triiimp, was complete. Miss Sowerbutts retired to a cottage which she owned in toe outskirts of Groby, and the school mistress reigned over the Mount Farm and ita owner with gentle but firm Sway. When Mr. Wensby came to Little Pud dington for the next annual inspection he was proceeding to the schoolhonse instate, bearing Miss Jordan on his arm and escorted by rector, when the party met a pony carriage, in . which was seated a pretty and beautifully- dressed woman. The lady bowed graciously to Mr. Wensby, and he, not remembering the circumstances under which be had last seen that attractive smile, returned the salute. Mrs. Sowerbutts glanced at Miss Jordan and smiled maliciously. Miss Jordan dropped her hamf from her companion's arm, and thq rector, stepping forware, whispered something in his friend's eax. 44 Good gracious !" exclaimed the Tnupwlfty ; 44 that woman ! I hadn't an idea who ene was, I assure you. Though J knew the face — that was all." But Miss J ordan had suddenly become deaf, and on the subject of toe senior church warden's wife she continued to be deaf for toe remainder of her days. — All the Year j Round. 