WHOSE WAS THE HAND. By Mms Braddon. Chapter XXV. — Daisy's Diary in Joy. I am engaged to Gilbert Florestan. ' . At last I understand what it is to be an engagod girl, and henceforward I shall bo ablo to sympa thise with every engaged girl in this world, of whatever nation, of whatever color, whothor sho wear ostrich feathers' and diamonds in her head at tho Court of St. James's, or a feather girdle in somo unknown islet of the South Seas, whether she spend her allowance on frocks or ou beads. Yes, till I am 90, till I ain cold in death, I shall bo able to sympathise with every lover and every loved ono upon earth, for now I know what lovo means. I know that it means every thing. It moans tho color of tho sky, and the bright- ness of tho sun — it means tho perfume of ilowers and the freshness of morning — it moans tho balmy noontide, and it means the restful cool ness of green waving boughs ; it means lamp light at eventido iu cosy, gracious drawing- rooms — it means blind man's holiday besido the morning room fire ! It means all these ; for all theso havo double beauty, and charm, and com fort and sweetness since Gilbert and I wero engaged. \Viiat will Oyril think, down at tho bottom of this round globe, when he hears that Gilbort and I aro to bo married on the first day of tho new year ? What can ho think, excopt that I am tho lightest and most contemptible young woman he over had tho misfortune to count among li is acquaintance. Bcatrico Reardon has boen very nice to me. She says that I havo nothing to he ashamed ahniit in the transaction. It is customary. It is, one may say, a rulo of the gome. When people break off an engagement, even if they have boen engaged for yeara, and have doted on each other all tho time, it is their duty to get en gaged to other people without tho slightest loss of time. They owe this to their own dignity. A girl who has the slightest self-respect will get engaged withiu a week after the parting, even if sho has to marry a ohimney sweep. " Of course," said I, "that is what Clare does in the 'Ironmaster,' and overyono knows what & perfect heroino she was." "If you oan just. tolerate Mr. Florestan, you., may consider yourself very luoky," said Beatrice. " When I heard you were going to marry him, I made up ray mind that ho wbb absolutoly loathsome to you." " Did you? " cried I. " Curious, isn't it? I really can just submit to tho idea of a future oxistenoo as his wife. I shall live noxt door to motiier, and that will be some consolation." I mean to writo everything in this diary. It was to bo "my uovol," the romauco of my life, with all its bright colors and all its dark shadows; it was to bo a book to whoso pages I could go bock when I am middle-aged and when I am old, aud live again all tho happiest hours of my youth, aud awaken echoes of old voices and vivid smiles, and every thought, feeling, and fanoy of tho passing hour. The wheels of tho ohariot roU ou so Bwiftly whon one is happy. One should try at least to put a break upon memory > and for that there is only ono way — pen and ink. Yes, I meant the story of ray lifo to be com plete ; and yet I am going to leave one littlo blank— a little blank did I say — a blank whieb represents the crisiB of my existence, tho turn ing point between dull patience and consummate bliss. I cannot write the mode and monner of my engagement, that sudden paBsago from liberty to bondage, when he took mo in his arms, in tho arbor whero we wore onoo so miserable, and caUod me " wife." "Wife, as if we were married already. Absurd, no doubt, to tho indifferent reader, but the word thrilled my heart. I cannot writo of his kisses, or count them ab if thoy wero pounds, shillings, and penoo in the housekeeper's book. I cannot write all tho sweet foolishness of his talk, the undeserved praises, tho intoxicating flatteries, which he protested wero not flatteries. Of those ridiau- lous moments I can keep no record. Perhaps if I had been let in at the Gate of Paradise for half an hour I should not be able to doscribo the heavenly garden whon I came out again. It is tho same with that half hour in the arbor. He talked, aud I listened, and we were engaged. That is my only reoord. .Oil the samo evening, however, wo hod a very sorious conversation on the terrace after dinner. Mother was iu her favorite seat by the drawing- room window. Uncle Ambrose was pacing the room. Wo could seo them both in the lamp light aB we walked slowly up and down. The evening was wonderfuUy warm and balmy for tho end of September, and the groat full moon was rising behind Lamford Churoh tower; this boing tho third moan wo have worn out since we left London. Wo talked of the moon a littlo, and ho quoted Shelley, whom ho knows as well as if he had compoted for oue of Mrs. Crawshay's prizes ; and then I ventured to ask him a question which had beon burning my tongue over sinoo wo wore engaged, just four hours and ahalf. It is wonder ful what those four hours had done for me. I felt as much at my easo with hira as if I had been engaged for threo weeks, and I began to under stand tho cool audacity of girls who send their fiances on messages and make light of them iu company, and tho free and easy manners of the motherly girls who mend their sweethearts' gloves und scold thom for spilling things on thoir waistcoats, and put diachylum plaster ou thoir wounds. " Will you bo very angry if I ask you a ques tion ?" I asked. " I should bo angry If you wished to ask mo anything and didn't," said he. " Being your slave, what Bhould I do " "Ploaso don't," I criod. " Cyril quoted that sonnet once, and I was quito rudo to him about it. I shouldn't like you to quote anything secondhand. Yot it is a lovely sonnet, isn't it," I added apologetically, for tho lino sounded Bwoet from him. Cyril was not in touoh with ray ideas about Sliakspoare." He laughed, and answered witli a most unnecessary kiss, " You really wouldn't mind ?" I asked. " From thoBe lips' all words aro dear." " Wore you ever in lovo with anybody before you began to care for mo'!" " Ah, I thought that, question would come. Shall I answer it Jesuitically or honostly ? " " Oh, honestly, please ; bo brutal to me rather than dishonest. Of course I am prepared for tlio worst. You must have adored over so many girls before you came to lot your glances light upon insignificant mo ?" " Ever so many. That's a large order. Sup pose I plead guilty to two. I wish I had nover looked at a woman, or at least ncvor wasted a thought upon one till I saw you. I shouldn't, if I had had only known what was coming." " Do you really think I am as nice as tho other two?" I asked, comforted by these sweet words. ." I think you nro to them as a wild rose on a hedge iu tho dewy morning compared witli a doable dahlia in tho heat and dust and glare of tent No. 2 at a flower show. You ore as the freshness of tho morning, and they smelt of gas. Tbo first could not hoip that, poor soul, for it was across the footlights my heart went out to her." " Was sho very pretty?" I asked. "She was vory pretty. That was just 15 years ago, mark you, when I was at Eton. She iB very pretty at this present jiour ; she wili go on being vory pretty, I hope, till the end of the century. She is a burlesque actress, and I saw her in tho daintiest littlo villager's dress you can conceive, dancing as lightly as a roal fairy, and not a stage ono. Yes, Daisy," he said grovoly, "I plead guilty to boing over head and ears in lovo with Miss Millicent Melville, of the Hilarity, fifteen years ago, for tho whole space of the Christmas holidays. I was stone broke for her sake, and 'spent oil my tips upon theatre tickets, hot house flowers and ohocolate caramels. I delivered the flowers and tho caramels to tho Burly stage door keeper, who may have sold thom to the minor members of the troupe for aught I know. I never got speech of my honri, and I wis heart broken when I discovered, upon unimpeachable authority, that she had a husband and five children. How she did it — how sho looked so lovely nnd sylphliko and ohildishly innooent, with nu eating and drinkiDg, smoking and swearing man and five brats to work for, I have never been ableto understand." "Was sho numbor one?" Iasked. " Yes ; she wub number one." . V In that case I forgive yon your first love. And now tell me about your second." " That is a graver case, Daisy. I oannot make light of that infatuation. Cupid did not assail ma with paper pallets that time. His arrows were barbed, and tho bntbs werepoisoned, I loved a woman who was unworthy of my lovo, Dutiy. I passad through the scathing fire of a wasted passion." "Youlovod herns well ns you loved mo ?" I asked, feeling just as if I had dropped from a paradise in yonder moon down to a hard, crncl earth. Alt my gladness perished in ono gaspiug sigh. I felt sure ha had cared inoro for her than for me. " I'm afraid I must plead guilty to bavinglovctl lier very dearly while ray love lasted, Daisy ; but the cure was a clean cure. There was not so niuoh as a scar left from tho old wound by the time I met you in Paris ; and from that hour I was yours and yours only." " And if I had not broken with Oyril, what would you have doue?" " Lived on my roaming, desultory life, aud suffered tho dull agony of an empty heart." " Wore you roaUy unhappy in Scotland, in spito of grouso and capper-cailzics and things ?" "In spite of asfino a stag as was ever stalked, which this baud slow tho day before I casually heard that Ardeu had sailed in the big new ship for Colombo." ." And would you not havo found somo now divinity before Christmas ?" It was delightful to havo him there and to be able to catechiso him ; y ot I could not help being savagely jealous of that unknown love, the num ber two iu his calendar. I could not but feel that it was nice of him to tell mo the truth, oven at the risk of offending mo tor life. " Tell me about thnt second flame of yours," I said, agonised with curiosity. " Was she very lovely ?" " Sho was splendidly handsome, n woman whose diamonds seemed moro brilliant than those of other women, becauso they so harmon ised with lier bold, bright beauty. I was among many worshippers, and I happened to be the most eligible of her adorers from a matrimonial point of view, and so she was gtaoious to me, aud so I was her slave — " " Did she jilt you?" I asked, for thero was a bitterness iu his tone which assured mo tlio dear creature had treatod him abominably. I could have hugged her for it. " Well, it was hardly n case of jilting. If I wero to writo my story I should call tho book ' Illusion and DisiUusion.' I was fortuuato enough to find hor out — boforo marriago instead of afterwards. My iiinooont littlo Daisy can hardly guess wliat a world of misory that dis covery saved me." "I don't want to guoss," I said, "but thero is ono thing I should like to know, Gilbert." I blushed in the moonlight, and tremblod at my own audacity as I pronounced his Christinu name. I had my arm through his, aud found myself giving his arm a gentle squeozo uow and then just to make sure that lie was real, and that all the ecstasy of thid hour was not a moonlit dream. "Ask as many questions as you like, fair Fatima. There is no blue chamber in my memory of which you may not open the door." " It does not pain you to speak of that wicked person ?" "Not a whit. No more than. it would pain mo to talk of Cleopatra. " "But at the time of your disiUusiou — did lovo dio all at onoe, or by inches ?" " Love died Iu an hour ; but there was some thing, the shadow aud memory aud aftertaste of passion whioh was plaguiiy long a dying." . " Is it dead yot ?" Iasked frightened. . ".Dead .as & door nail. Doad as Scrooge's partner, old Marley; deader, for no ghost of that . vanished fueling will ever haunt me. I was heart-whole, sound as a roaoli the night I mot you at tho Grand Opera, and from that night I was your slave." " Oh, that is nonsense," cried I, "you could not havo cared for me all at onoe, a com monplace English person, like me. What was thero in my poor face to catoh your oye ?" " Innocence, truth, candor. Tho virtuoB whioh make man's life blessed and honorable. I saw poetic loveliness, and through that transparent beauty I saw tho truo and pure heart of girlhood, a heart of virgin gold, flawless, abovo price." "Don't, don't," I cried, standing on tiptoo to put my hand upon his lips. "This last illusion is worso than- the first and second. How can I overlive up to such an. ideal as you have made out of me ?" " Only lovo me, Daisy j thero is no moro to do." "Oh that comes too easy. I did that boforo I was asked." Mother's voice calling us frofti the open win dow put au end to our confidential talk, but my heart was quito at ease now that I knew tho history of his earlier loves. If ho had told me he lind never boon in lovo before ho saw me I should certainly not havo believed him ; and I should havo been torturod for all the years to comb by inoxtingnishablo distrust. All this happened nearly a ' mouth ago, though I couldn't bring myself to writo about it before to-day ; and porhaps I should not bo writing now if Gilbert had not beon obliged to go to London to seo his solioitor — our first parting — leaviug mo to get through tho day Bomehow without' him. Tho grounds look so dreary, tho shrubberies seem so empty— aud ob, what ages to 8 o'olock dinner, when ho will be back. Chapter XXVI.— Daisy's Diary In Sorrow. Whon I wrote tho last line in this book I think I must havo boen tho happiest girl in tho world. There was hardly a cloud upon my sky — yes, one cloud, tho faot that tho man whom I thought my friend and beocfaotor was out of health and- unhappy. Yet, in Bpito of thnt one aloud, I was utterly happy, selfishly absorbed in my new happiness. 'To-day I tako up my pen in fear and trem bling. A dark and terriblo oloud has closed over my life. I thank God that cloud does not rest upon my. lover's head. He stands out in tho sunshine, and all my thoughts of hira are full of thank fulness and doliglit ; but I oan no longer be the selfish, self absorbed creature I was when I wroto those last foolish pages, giving myself up to this dumb confidant as I could do to no living being. I must think of others now. This dark discovery forces my thoughts into other groovos. I must remember that I am my mother's daugh ter, as well as Gilbert's affiaucod wife. Oh, it is aU so sad, so nwful, such a cruel revelation, chaining the wholo color of life, stripping off the mask from a face that was once honored and .boloved; opening a deep well of baseness and iuiquity in the flowory garden- world where I was so happy. To mo it was as startling und sudden and blighting to come face to faco with th&t; great wickodness as it would liavo been to Eve in Eden, if tho ground had yawned at her feet revealing a oharnel house, thoro iu that fair, new world whore sho had never heard of death. Sometimes, for a few moments, I doubt, and ask myself if I am not deluded, if that hideous suspioion whioh grow in an hour into absolute conviction might not aftor aU be groundless— and then I go over tho facts slowly, iu cold blood, ono by one, slowly putting thom together again like the pieces of a puzzle, and there the awful fact appears in unmistakable certainty. Oh, fathor, father, how that trusting open nature, that generous heart of yours was cheated ! How coldly, deliberately, and hoart- les'sly yonr life was plotted away by tho man who sat at your tablo, and smiled beside your hoarth, and was to you almost a3 a brother. It was your own familiar friend who planned your murder. I must go back to tho moment whon this hideous seoret revealed itself. It was natural that as Gilbert's fiancee I should tell him everything that had happened to mo in all my life, and indeod I fear that I must havo bored ' him terribly sinoo we wero engaged by prattling to him about every insignificant detail of my colorless existence — my lessons, my boat, my playfcUows and frionds, I don't bcliovo I have spared him a single doll, certainly not a favorite doll, not a single nursery anec dote, nor a single family joke. Ho has been told everything. Two days ago he came into the drawingroom just as it was growing dusk. . He had been to London again, and wo had had another parting, and I liad folt very mopy all tho afternoon, more especially as mother had gone off on hor weekly round, to hear her weekly tale of woes and illnesses. I did not expect to soo Gilbert until dinner time, and oil, liow my foolish heart thrilled with delight whon I heard his step in tho hall. just after the clook struok five. It is not very often that I have the privilege of mairfiog tea fow Gilbort, and on this occasion. I am sorry to say I mado it so strong that it was hardly drinkable. I saw ho made a wry face at every sip — though bo declared it was quite the nicest tea he had ever tasted — and oven chivalry did not enable liim to empty his oup. " Was it Mettcrnioh, or somo othor great diplomat, who sipped a glass of castor oil with every sign of relish, because his host had offered it to liim as particularly fine 'Tokay ?" I asked him, laughing at his solf-saorificc, and then I rang and ordered somo chocolate it la Vanitte which our butler mukes to pon'eotion. " Yon poor victim of soft heartcdncss," I said, " why didn't you tell me that the tea was horrid? I overdid it in wanting to mako it especially good, so that you might have a high opinion of my domestic capabilities." " I like strong tea," ho answered, "but cer- trinly yours is fortissimo; I fancy a good-sized pot of suoh stuff would servo to blow up the Houses of Parliament." How gay wo were, as wo sat and talked and laughed in the growing dusk, with our feet on tiie marble curb, crooning ovor tho fire like John Anderson anil his old wife. How proud I felt of my lover, and how blessed in the assu rance that he was all my own, cliat I had left no corner of his heart unexplored, and no secret hidden from my prying eyas. We sipped our ohocolatd, which was really delicious. What superior creatures sorvanta are ! If I had attempted to mako that Alcnicr a la Vanillc I havo no doubt tho result would have been "ojious," as dear Mr. -Toole' says in " The Upper Crust." We sipped our obocolato, and talked and talked, not from -grave to gay, but from gay to grave ; and presently I told my dearest the single secret of my life, the one act ot miuo which I had hidden from tho best of mothers. I told him how when I .first wont to London I was haunted by the ghastly vision of my father's murder, aud how a morbid longing to see tho room where ' that dark deed was done took possession of my mind, and would not he driven away. I told him how I crept out of the house fn the summer twilight, and overy step in that dismal pilgrimage till I came to Church-street on my way home. And then I told him of that in tolerable Frenchman's insolence, and of the good soul iu tho liansoin, to whom I should so like to leave a legacy when I am old enough to make a will, if I only kuow his honorable name. " I know my enomy's namo well enough," said I, " for, as the cab was driving off with me, his frionds called out to him, ' Hoik, Duverilier.' " " Duvcrdicr ! " cried Gilbert, starting as if ho had been shot. " Great God in heaven ! Why, that is the name of the man I believe to be your father's murderer ! " In tlio next instant ho Boomed to regret having spoken, but I would not let him take back his words. I mado him tell mo all ho knew or thought or suspected about my fathor's cruel death ; And stago by stage I got the whole stury out of him. It was slow work, for ho wos sorely disinclined to tell mo anything. "Now that I know something I musl know all," I said, wlieu ho refused to answer my questions ; and so, little by Uttlc, I heau'd the wholo story. My mother had asked him to hoip her in tracing out a girl whom my fathor admired and had half a mind to marry beforo ho had evor Been mother's face. She appealed to Gilbert, ccunting'ou his knowledge of Parisian life, and ho had succeeded beyond his hopes up to a cer tain stago ; but just as he had put hits hand, as it were, upon the brother of this Frenchwoman, whom ho believed to bo tho so-caU ed watoh- makor in Denmark-street, . the man jleft Paris, leaving no clue to his destination. "T oould do no more- than leave thie cose in the bands of tbo Parisian police, whi i have A strong motive for finding your father's mur derer, if he is abovo ground," said Gilbeirt. " Of course my reasons for bolieviug this to be tho man aro in a measure conjectural, but tho oir- aumstaDtial evideuco is Btrong. Tho mi an who murdered your father was a mini who - know the story of your father's youthful lovo affair, aud was ablo to uso the French mi) diner's name as a decoy. It is known that Morel was in London with other communists at the time of the murder; it is kuown that -Hie was heard of at Madrid soon after the inur S.er, and that he was then flush of money. For say own satisfaction I have oonvinoing proof Idia t this Duverdior is the man Claude. Morel ; but it is not such proof as could bo produced in a court of justice. 'The ovidenoe that convinced m/3 was the evidence of a woman's face." . And then ho told me how he'had mot Morel's sister, and had taxed her with her identity, with the girl whom my father once loved. Hoi emotion at tho sound of my father's nmao was ' pitiablo; her agitation when he acouned hoi brother of tho murder was terrible. After that interview ho had no doubt as to tho gnidt of the man now known as Leon Duvcrdier. "Tho one missing link in tho chain of evidcnco is the moons by which tho (knowledge of your father's movements on that fatal day was transmitted to tho murderer. He must have had au iuformaut, if uot an accompUoe, either in the immediate vioinity 'of this house, or in the lawyer's office, where the hour and t he nature of his uppoiutin'ont may have been known to the clerks." A deadly chiU orept- through my veins as he said theso wordB. I was glad of the growiiag darkness which hid. my fuae from liim. I w as glad that I had deferred tho lighting of t'ao lamps, so as to prolong our blindmait's holiday. I sut silent, motionless, par a- lysed by tho horrible suspicion which filled nay mind. Some ono at Lamford must have given tiie information that enabled tho murderer tophtn his crime. "Who oould that someone bo unless it wore the fainiliiar friend, the confidant of every, on terpriso and overy idea of my father and mother ? My mother has told me in answer to my questions that no servaut in tho house ltne.w whero my father wen going or what ho was going to do that day. The conversation at dinner on the previous evening luid not touohud on tho business part of the truusaotion. hly fathor had been full of the landscape gardener's plans, and the talk had been wholly uf tho terraces aud the arburotum, of levelling and planting, and laying on water for fountains and greenhouses. All that was known in the house hold on that cvouing or on tho following morn ing was that my father was going to London, and was to return boforo dinner. Yet somo one had furnished such precise information that my father'd murderer was ablo to meot him midway betweou the bank aud the lawyer's office. Who was that accomplice, or worse than acoomplioe, of tho murderer ; since the idea of murder might uaver have entered Clutide Morel's mind if some one knowing my fathor's affairs had not told him how largo a sura of -money might be gained by that orimo ? Who oould that secret assasBin, that worse than murderer, be but tho man whose footsteps wero now dogged by the. shedder of blood ? — who, but that man whoso face bore in every line the marks of an unaxtiiiguishablo remorso, the man whom I had scan shrinking away with horror-strioken countenance from tho room where my father used to sit, and where his guilty conscience may have conjured up the shadow of the dead ? His friond, his generous, eostfiding friend; oh, God ! what a depth of iniquity. To havo deliberately planned that oruei murder, to have plotted the orimo which a vulgar assassin was to oxeuuto, to havo waited and watched the opportunity, perhaps to have tempted and pur- suaded tho assassin against same remnant of bettor feeling, somo- instinctive, shrinking from bloodshed, somo scruple of oonsoienoo. And to havo been with ub, day by day, after that devilish act, our friend, our consoler ; till at lost, trading on a woman's gratitude for fancied bene fits, he put forward his claim to .tho wife of liia victim, and possessed himself of the objeot of his wicked love. Possessed himself ! Yes, thank God, I know that my mother nevor loved Slim, that she gave lier life up to him as if in the payment of a debt, sacrificing herself to reward the fidelity of a lifo long friendship. God keep hor trom tho horror- of knowing what I know. My long silence made Gilbert uneasy about me, and ho was full of teudar sympathy, think ing that our conversation abcrut my fathor bad renowed an old grief. Mather .came in while he was consoling me, and the lamps were brought, and I had to put ou a cheerful countenance somehow for her dear sake ; ami by and by I had to sit down to dinner with thrtfr J udas, and — ' still to play tho hypocrite. I oo tid bear tho sound ot my owu voice as I talked, and it had such a false tone that it jarred upon my ear. Ob, tho horror of that hour in tbo drawing- room when mother asked edg to play those cumbers of Chopin which her husband prefers, and when I sat before the piano and played like a machine, while Ambrose Arden walked up and down with soft, catlike step, and now and again paused and stood behind me for a few minutes, and once oven laid his hand upon my shuddering shoulder. My whole being was one aenso of horror and revulsion. I could scarcely breathe while he was so near me ; yot I went on playing somehow, always like a machine. Poor Chopin ! "You arc not in your usual form to-night, _ Daisy," said Gilbert, who pretends to think a great deal of my playing. . And then he came over to mc, and bent down to look into my eyes, and talked to me over so sweetly; and his dear presence exorcised tho demon, and that guilty wretch walked slowly away, and went on with bis restless prowling, to and fro, to and fro, like a spirit in hell — the hell of guilty momories and gnawing thoughts, the hell of the traitor and murderer, that hell within tho soul of man which made Judas hurl back his fatal thirty pieces upon his tempters, and rush out into tho field and destroy him-. Belf. "Where their worm dieth not and their fire is no£ quenched. That is the hell which Ambrose Arden has mado for himself. I went on playing whilo Gilbert went back to the other end of the room whoro ho had been itting'with mother, and challenged her to a game at chess. I was alone in tho shadowy corner by the piano, and as I plhyod I watched that tall, slim figure, with the bent shoulders, moving slowly to and fro with a gliding mo tion It seemed as if, now this awful truth baa revealed itself, I see Ambrose Ardeu in a new light — as if I had been blindfold before, and had made for myself an image of the man, and colored it with my own colors. The face and figuro I watched to-night seemed new and strango, and the signs of a guilty conscience, the < indications of a crafty and double nature, seemed to me now so strongly impressed upou every look and movement of the man that I tell myself I \- mutt have been blind all this time, or I could not have missed his secret. It is there, written upon his brow, the very brand that seared the forelieAd of the first murderer, Cain. What a relief it was to be alone at lost ; yes, even a relief to bid good night to Gilbert and mother, and to lock the door of my own room, and to sit down by the fire, face to face with tho grim and hideous truth. I wanted to think out my horrible idea, to arrange all the facts which eeem to constitute such damning evidence against my stepfather, to try if I could not acquit him, or, at any rate, write "not proven " against his crimo. Alas, no ! After long hours of thought, after a long winter night, without one interval of blessed sleop, my reason still condemned him." In my mother's second husband, in the friend and teacher of all my early years, the mau to whom I owed so much — in bim, whom Inst of all men I should have Buspcctcd, I still saw the . murderer of my father. I recalled Duverdier's nppearanco in Gros- venor-square, his persistence in seeing my step father, his look of baflled fury as he left the house. I rocallod his appearance in this place. Would any man without credentials of a guilty nature dare so to haunt a man in my step father's position ? Yet this mere fact of the man's persecution would not have influenced mo to beliovo in my step-father's guilt. The evidence that was to my mind conclusive was tho evidence of Cyril's appearance and Cyril's conduot upon tho day when heVplayod the listener to a conversation between his tathor and Duvordior. I saw- those . three flgures in the lane. Ambrose Arden and Duverdipr side by side, Duverdier talking angrily, vehemently, though in a lowered voice, and that other figure following Btealthily, listen ing with bout brow and pallid faoe. "Was # like my frank and manly Cyril to play the spy upon his father's movoments, to creep At his father's heels and listen to a confidential conversation 7 What could be more unlike his eharaoter, as I knew it ? Nothing but the most : etringent oiroumBtanccs would have forced him Into suoh a oontomptiblo position. And within two or three hours of that soono |Q the lane he came to mo, changed and aged as If by a mortal malady, and told me that all was over between us. I recalled almost every word of our conversation, his protest that the motivo of his ronunoiatiou was ouo which I could never know, his resolution to go to the uttermost end of the earth, to begin a now life, to cut himself adrift from all old associations. And this deter mination, this abandonment of the whole flcheme of his existence, had been resolved upon incs he loft the rectory, in high spirits, the most light hearted of men. What but some Awful revelation could have so quickly changed the whole color of his life ? This was tho evidence that weighed post heavily with mo ; and next to this was tho evi dence of my stepfather's decay, the gradual deepening of the gloom that had darkenod over him in tho midst of the happiest and fairest urroundings. No, I had no doubt now as to tho brain Which plotted tho murdor, or the hand which Bent the information to tho murderer on the eve or on tho morniug of tho fatal day. And my mother was this man's wife, and must never know his guilt, le3t the horror of it should drive her mad. When I think of her abiding love for my father, and think how she gave herself to this Judas, not caring for him, I am almost mad myself. Oh, what a cheat and trickster, what a prince of villains ho has been, to play so patient a part, to sow tho wicked seed at the first chance Fa to gave bim, and then to wait seven years for the harvest. Had ho asked my mother to bo his wife withlu a year or two of the murder, her eyes might have been opened, she might have suspected that ho had somo part in her husband's death. But after seven years of tranquil, self-abnegating friendship, after wind ing himself into our hearts by every artifice of an accomplished hypocrite, it seemed almost a natural, inevitable development that ho should change from friend to lover, and that hia con stancy in friendship should claim its reward. No, the dear mother must never know this hideous secret, if any powor of self -repression on my part can keop it from her. And so I havo day after day to sit at table with the man who planned my father's death; and I havo to repress all signs of repulsion, and to soora all that I once was to him, at leaBt in my mother's presence. Happily for mo he sponds tho greater part of his existence in the solitude of tho cottage over tho way. Happily for all of us that existence is not likely to bo a long one. Our Lamford doctor, who wont up to London with mother and ber husband to assist at the visit to the physioian, told Gilbert in confidence that there is organic disease of tho heart, and that Ambrose Ardeu is not likely to live to old ago. (To be continued . ) 