CHAPTER VI. »::v the nE.iw.T itcvf.u ol- the coast fastens OX JtK.'* ' '' Sucli was the history of the treacherous \ «t«Uh aUiu-.k which ilotroyml the >tuh“ • * of the itrtnuou«*»Hto. Our first care " to Warn bow the party we had mot iu :were nnnel, mill great was our i'll I;_rlit : find that the Indians oarrif-d two ean< ; .oee, nearly all the muskets in the village Laving been brought into the woods. Eesule was abundance of ammunition. After a _. rt eoii-sultation, it was detennined to ’ ■ • the canoe, and although cut i ■. x'r would somewhat overload her. i - to the other side of the bay, where we t. d mere security against being moles to). Hiring therefore carefully looked to our pieces, we clambered down the bank, and .-’..-ratling by the canoe, unanimously invested S: _>m Jem with the command of the i .ttsslition. As the Indians used the i'* idles most dexterously, they were set : • work to propel us, and witli. Stout .Tern j t r steersman-we ect. out.. On out. way 1 _ l>ogen to experience a drowsiness, \ wiiiah I had before felt,- but immediately . hocked. Now, however, the ‘ sensation, amounting indeed to one of impending stupor, began again to overpower me. My i bin. fell UDon my chest, and I had little snatches of disturbed sleep, in which curious confused ideas, and odd combinations of word* and tilings, seemed to float into my bruin, and which, when I started up again, wldch 1 would do every minute, fled away like phantoms, so that I could not lor my Cl® remember what I had been dream iug of the moment before. All this time I was inwardly urged to speak, I seemed to have" nothing to say, but still something forced my tongue and lips to move, and all at once 1 called out— “ Is that a black corby on the thorn-bush near the beat's grapnel At this extraordinary speech the English men in the canoe turunl sharp round to me, and itont Jem asked what I meant. At-his voice all the dreamy sensations left me, aud I frit myself blushing up to the roots of mv Inir, and wondering what I laid said, for'l remembered not a word. “ xlere,” said Stout Jem, kindly, “swallow tLi-, my good boy: aud he held mo a great t!.i>k of spirits. ** You have been breathing -■'cr-much marsh fog on an empty i-t-,mach. but you'll lire to pay olf .Tacit cvwiiiard yet,’’ 1 took tho flask and held it to my bead, wheat suddenly the greasy 1 rathem bottle appeared to swell and lengthen, uut il it seemed a puncheon which 1 held. A curious nervous feeling camo crawling over my limbs, and my breath grew thick, and my eyes dim. The first taste of the brandy banished these sen sations, and the cordial marvellously restored ‘*lou must sat somewhat when we go n-bore,” said Nicky. “ I am r.ivcuous: and tlien we will consult on what we can do to take nur revenge.” ‘'No.no: no e.it,’" said Blue Peter, the M-i-ujuito Indian : *• sleep mash, sleep good," smoke" pipe, and sleep cool and long.” Hut I felt so much better that 1 tally in .-led to make a good pinner! We lauded in ope of the bushy cofSs" which abound in th-; frith .of the 3farmou*etto. and which could not bo seam by the Spaniards on the ! other batik. Stout Jem then despatched the Indians to hunt, and ordered the rest of the party to aid iu building a hut. Nicky and myself, however, were so weak from want of food, that we were excused: aid the Dutchman, having some biscuits \- 1 smoked l,e**f in hi- psiket, generously C ive us enough to make a good meal. Meantime, Stout- Jem, Black Diamond,’nad Meiaheer were actively st work. -jBisw'hgd. twohatchets and their long knives, and with these they felled and prepared sufficient wood f>r their purpose, driving stakes into tho earth, aud interweaving leafy branches, with th- skill of exnerienixsl foresters." Nicky'at'id I were then eel to work to pull a quantity of coarse long grass which grew npon tho beach, for beds ; and one of the Mosquito men re turning, ho kindled a fire, and began to eook the hindquarter of a flue boar which he hod shot iu the wood. Meantime I wav plucking the grass, sometimes sitting by the seaside, lor I felt weak and ill. The food f had eaten was no refreshment. My temples throbbed "tr.mgelv, and ray skiu wa* fevered and dry. Then the«e horrible wandering thoughts I- gin to come again, and I squeezed my I*---id with my hauls, as though I could thus •stive them out. Sometimes I thought I felt a-j-.iiii the hut marsh vapour sickening the air ; then the sea-breeze fanning me. I would I i-.-'.v the clothes from my chest, and put Lack ray long dank hair to let tiie blessed cool wind play treciv on me and cool my seething blood. Ail at once I saw, under the shade of a j g’.-nipa tree, a tall stout man, who stood motionless, and watched me. Deeming him u .Spaniard, I would have shouted out, but ray tongue refused to obey me, and turning hot and . dry, rattled as it were against my teeth, while no sound but a low hiss could I form. Still the figure stood there; and now I .saw a glimmer aa of a naked weapon which it held. The sun being now setting, his rays came slanting down, and one of them quivering through tlic trees fell full upon the face of the stranger, and I saw that it was Wulshe, with his great ejet glaring at me, just as they glared when the shark rose in the mangrove canal, and pulled him down beneath his crunching teeth. I stood trembling and trying to pray. The features were livid aud blue, and the eyes sunk and expressionless, yet hor ribly bright.. Just at this moment one of tho last putfs of the sea breozo shook the trees around, and the sunlight failing in s different stream, and chequered by other branches upon the appear ance, the face gradually sceuied to change, denture after feature meitod asrav, until the agonised countenance ' of the untortunatc s-kiman was gone, and, instead of it, there remained the massive features and pensive gravity of my preserver on board the French man—Wright. Just then the weapon, which I had formerly observed to glitter, moved, and 1 saw the figure heave np a greut broad uvu on one bona, ond point to it with the other. It wm*. indeed,'the regicide, with the emblem and the instrument of his deed.. Making a sudden effort, I burst the leaden bonds which seemed to confine me, and with a ’strange ..courage, rushed forward. ‘ A* I did the phantom grew dimmer and dimmer, <-iud when I placed uy hand upon its breast I felt but the gnarled bark of thegeuipa tree, whilst the axe, at the same instant, scented to become a branch with clustering foliage dancing iu th® wiud. I .grew directly sick and faint. “Oh, my God!"’ I murmured, “I am o’-ing mad ! ■ My brain is whirling, and my eyes make my see things which arr not.! ", and fix I sank upon Chc granad snd aobbed. Tre wiBtlv, I was somewhat better, sad I manned tuysejf. «*It is-bata feverish attack,” ! thonglit. “X will return and' try to sleep.” It was, however, with some diflScultv that I arrived at the lint. MV limbs fait as. if loaded with lead, aud the pain of an intense head ache went like hot iron wires into mjrbraim When I reached our half-finished abode, I ww everything through ft sort of haze, aud tliu voices at iny ear nppenred to come tro-c miles, away. I was soon placed. Ivin- „n,■, bundle* of gras-, in the wh.dward ride of r!;c liul, and after that I remember little more of woat haupeued during tin*, nights and three uaya. Only l know that, my sufferings were very great; that my tuind appeared to ramble as though it were a disturbed spirit or ghost flitting nil over thu world. Now, I would seem to be faraway on the pleasant coast of I'lfe. 1 lie aim would shine, nod the earn rustl”. and the yellow broom by the mimic's banks smell sweet in the summer's breath. lint I eonld enjoy nought. I was, as it were seared, and the sources „f pleasure dried up 1 niw the forms of people t loved, but ' could speak to none. 1 saw my mother silting on u sandy kuone, resting*her head upon her hand, and looking over die blue sea. l>ut when I would embrace her. there came darkness and pain. and the vision vanished" rtieu, perhaps, in my delirium. I wonbi tan.y 1 was at sea': sometimes it was m the onl fisher-boat, the lioyal Thistle. No wind would stir, the skv would be glowing like a heated copper globe, and the boat would lie moveless as though nailed to the unstirring s-.-i. Sud denly mv father's eyes would look into mine with a lqitg wan stare, and so would we sit glariug at each other, like famishing ami despairing .leasts, while months, ahd' years, and'age*,'would appear to come and go and bong no change. An the mood would alter. Then l was on hoard the old brig Jean Livingstone, with a merrv brecro ami a blithesome crew. The bonny crags of ,St. Andrew's Uuv would seem'under our lee. with the ruined towers of abbeys and eimrel-.es rising over the green links, and fading from oiir sight as we, worked gallantly seawards, lint the scene would straightway change to a furious storm iu a mid- winter night, with the foam of the son and the suow-Hakes flying together. Them round the light of th - binuucle there would crowd ghastlv faevs stating into mine—faces with shaggy antique ber.nls like the ancient sailors of Si I’atrick Spcns, long, 1 mg sleeping in the wil. North Sea ; and so surrounded hv those fislr eves of hapless drowned mariners, I wouil fed the good brig scorn to launder bonc.itl mv feet, so that 1 would start struggling ,i] from my bed of grass, crying out that I wa drowning—that the boiling waves wercchok This was my seasoning fever, as thev called it ; and, though it did not last long thanks to the good treatment and the medi cinal herbs of tho Mosquito men—it left me passing weak and helpless. I recovered my reason all at once, as one waking from the stupor of a deep sleep. My hair had been cut close, and my head was tied round with freshly-plucked plaintnin leaves, con stantly drenched with water. I lay upon blankets, none of which we possessed when I was taken ill, and my linen was reasonably clean and fresh. The wattled hut was open to the breeze on every side, and as it con tained but one bed more, I guessed that it had been given up tor my use and that cf my partner, Nicky, as indeed it had. Look- j iiig around. I saw several pots, pans, ba-kets, and loses scattered about, from which I concluded that the Spaniards had departed, and that my comrades had been able to recover some of the wreck of their property from the ruins of tbeir habita tions. And this, iudeed, I found afterwards to be tho case. I was too weak at first to eill out, and so remained in silence, enjoying a delicious lan guor. and cool and moist from head to foot. The fever bad thoroughly left me. aud I felt thankful and devoutly glad, l’resentiy 1 distinguished the well-known smell of "the smouldering fire of the boucan floating into the hut, and soon afterwards, Nicky, with bare arms and grimed hands, entered; his eyes sparkled when he saw mo so much re covered, and presently calling the rest together, they all shook" hands with me, and told me to be of good cheer, for I had fore reached on the marsh fever, and would souu lx-quite hearty. And so, indeed, it was. 1 grew very hungry, and, being well fed, re gained my Strength fast, so that, two or three days after the fever left my blood, I was abroad sniffing the coal l.r-- of the Except two men—both l’ronch—alio had joined when X was ill, none of the survivors of ouv original party had turned up; some of them hud no doubt been made prisoners bv the Spaniards, others might have started oif to the eastward, as, indeed, many pre viously intended: but we feared that upwards of onc-balf of our comrades were either captives, who would be forced to labour in the mines of Cuba, or had already—and the fate of these latter was more to b > envied— died with their wounds, in front, giving buttle to the cruel foe. Being little able to work for some time after my recovery, and tho rest of the party :being engaged iu tbe usual toil of hunting wild cattle, and preserving the meal bv the boucan, it was often my lmbit to take thu canoe and proceed in her down toward* tbe mouth of-the buy, so as- to enjoy tbe fresh and briny breeze which came from t'uc north-west across tbe ocean. To make these expeditions more pleasant. I pre pared a mast witli n small lug sail, such ns the canoe could bear, and 1 could manage with ease. Almost my first trip, when thus provided, was to the scene of the late con test. I found nearly every trace cf a settle ment destroyed. The rude jetty was all but demolished, aud over the rains of tbe shat tered hats, great crops of luxuriant herbage lmd grown, from which 1 often started -snakes and venomous insects, such as centipedes and scorpions, who delighted to make their nests in the holes and crevices which they found in abuudauce amidst the ruins of our huts. On it street spot of green-sward, uuder the shadow of a great spreading tree, there were rows of little mounds, very cTeeii. Here our poor com rades lay buried. The Spaniards, it seems, had interred their dead, and on their de parture, which happened on the day after I was attacked witli fever, ail our party had gone acroc* tlic hay, .and laid the dead Ouocaucers beneath the mould. Upon the bark of the great tree I was at pains to carve a deep cross: for, though the symbol in Europe be the mark of a corrupt and idolattous church, still I felt-that in the wilderness it might hear a truer and a wider meaning, and point to future strangers that the mounds beneath the tree covered the graves of Christian men. 