' THE IDEAS OF OIIILldHEA". ' . (ljailt eruws.) 1 Everything is a mystery, to a child, and ail ehildreu are. mysteries to 11s. They iiiove about in worlds not realised, and they seldom eohiido to tho hostile tribes of tho grown up what they tire thinking about things. As they grow older, the queer, innocent' visions faint from tbeir memory, nnd very few people recolloet— still fewer have ever told iw— what was their childish conception of tho universe. Nor is it easy to discover; what pusses in- a eliiUl'a wind. Only by accident is it let Out: If ybu'usk questions you puzzle them, and they Answer not at. ull, oransiveriu impro vised myths; liko tho child . in "Words worth's poem, ' " Tiibi 0 is no weathoreoek, ' aud that's the reason why." Travellers llnd the sum 0 dillioulty in getting' ut the legends of savages. Tho only plan is to listen to them us tlioy talk among Uiomsolves, but pa rents would scarcely think'it fair to listen to aliil- dren among tliemsolves even ill the interests of scieuce. Odd tilings are overheard in tliat way, "as when some Scotch children were dis cussing Creation, and one of thoin, a girlish , theologian of six, maintained that tlio Creator " first Hindu a little plueo to stand on, .'mil tlieu did tho rest/' This was a myth iu tho making. The scientific interest lies hero : N Micro is anything in ovolution, it child's mind may ho expected to pass through tho stages of tho early miim of primitive humanity. Tho processes will nut bo identical, because children are taiigin mutters, as in religion, which are high above their- natural intellectual hoiglit. Foreign budiou of belief and custom are introduced into tiioir thoughts Those tlicy tackle as best they may with their undeveloped mental processes and capacitie.'. If riie hypothesis of ovoiuMon, as commonly 111111011110011, is correct, and applies here, and if children think ita savage races do, they will regard nil tilings iiidircrimiiiutely us personal' anil animated. Not only will beasts have human attributes in tbo child's aud savage's mind, but even stones and stars ivill be alive and conscious. IColil mentions im Ojibbewuy v,ho adored a great- rock us his "Munitou," because it' unoe uiado a bow to him. Any stone might have done it; but this particular, stono f/iV, and lie was sensible of its courtesy and kind interest. Mr. "G-ruut Allen lias lately been arguing, in tlio j'artniffhUg J'c- that stonou are worshipped (as they are. / all tbe world over) beenuso g'ravostynes wero originally, auercd, sauotifivd bv tho. ghost of tho dead men who lie below. " The stone would bo tiio spirit's home, aud, by extending the idea, other stones would come to bo regarded as teuanted by spirits, and all alive. This is 11:1 extension or a following ot Mr. Herbert Mpepeor'a well-known hypo thesis. By ono of the curious accidents which nro aiway. occurring, u lady happened- to give hoc childish belief in animated stones about the very time .that Mr. Allen 'offered to liiu world his theory of tho Origin of the belief. In Imy.imi'i Jf«</a.:i«r for February Miss Ingelow told tbo story of tiierecolloctions of her infancy. Miss Ingelow does not seem to have thought of her anecdotes as bearing at all ou 1 ' i'etichism, " as it is cnllcd, the worship of stones, anil the theory that stones are alive, and may even marry and Intro little pebbles, us in Fiji. When Mi-, 3 Ingelow wan about three slio was, though a .little British child, a little Fcticliist. " I had 'it habit of attributing intelligence to not only all living creature;; — tho same amount and kind of intelligence i had myself — but even to stoues and manufactured articles. I used to feel how dull it must be for the pebbles of tlio causeway to bo obliged to lie still, and only see what was round about. When I walked out with a littio basket for Hovers I useduoumtimea to pick up a pebble or two and carry them round lo have a change ; then, at the furthest point of tlio walk, turn thuin over, not doubting that they . would lie pleased to have a now view." Miss Ingelow lmd been caught theistic uootriae nt a very early age ; otherwise, if left to herself, she would probably have worshipped a big rock. Ah sbu remarks, grown-up people foster this tendency of children to .personify all things. They tench. tho children lo "ship the naughty iloor " when tlioy fa!! and hurt Miemselves, mul so forth. But we presume that tho grown-up live hero accommo dating themselves to infantile psychology; they did not originally suggest it, in ail its force. If so, tlio question arises : did Miss Ingelow inherit a savage fancy,' originally developed out of ghost- worship (as Mr. Alien's, theory seem to be), or is this prr- iionilieatiou of all tilings im unconscious ex tension .to the whole universo of tho child's .and the savage's own senre of porscmility ? Is the notion of the ghost of one buried under a stono ut all necessary for the 'develop-" meat of the sense that all things have life? . Philosophers nnd evolutionists might,, ut least, try to ler.ru lucre ithnut ehildreu than they know at present — more about what passes ill their iniudti. Au American author, Idiss Wiltsc, lmu lately published some studies of childish ideas.. They nro less foticliisiie than -Miss Ingelow's anecdote. A child might naturally uuilce the myth that thunder is caused by rolling' ulxmt heavy bulls iu heaven, or think jhnt rain was/ caused by " tho leaking of tho water carta up -thoro. " There ta!o..of,.a.pcior.Htt;o. city eliild, wlio .hud ween diamond-', "iu a shop window, nnden a patch of grass in Miss Miilouoy'syard, real, early iu tin! morning." Sun, moon, uad -stnl's' are regarded ns men, women, or uugelspj'ust as by tho Australians, or tlio people of tho' Big'Veda. A child whoso feet were stained bv blue stockings thought "some of tho sky had fiillou down and ho had stepped in it." Ho will not be " neurer Heaven thuu when he was a boy " iu later years. Much might be louruod if mothers and nurses were anthropologists, but it has uot come to that yet. ; 