iRoveHst. THE HAUNTED HUSBAND; OR, Lady Clietwynd's Spcetrc. By Mrs. Harriet Lewis, CHAPTEU Xf.— (Continued.) Her love and ambition wero both nrouscd, and she bent herself to the tusk of winuing him now, upon that very night. She -meant to renew her betrothal before she . slent. Gilbert Monk continued to walk to and fro. He was equally anxious with Sylvia for her marriage to Chetwynd. Until that marriage should come off, his gnroc m regard lo Bernicc was blocked. He was thiohing thus when the halt .porter opened the door and approached him saying : 41 Mr. Monk, there's a low fellow in the hall who says he must see you. His name, which he says it's Flack — ' Monk started. . ' ' Flack I' he ejaculated. 'Why, he waa a servant of mine, rilseehim.' . He hurried out into the hall. Flack stood just inside tho great porta). Monk went up to hini, and asked, in an under . tone : 44 What's up ? Why are yo'i here?' 41 Mrs. Crowl, she sent me,' eaid l'lack. 14 Miss Gwyn left Mawr Castle the day before yesterday;, and we havcu't seen her since.' 'Left the castle ?' 'Yes, sir, nlon? with a porkmnntlc, which Bhe carried in her hand, and a wear ing ol ft gray dreRS and veil, Mrs. Crowl ihe thinks Miss Gwyn came this way, sir. It's along of a newspaper which came around a packet of wools which the Fruich governess brought at Carnarvon. The news paper had a parrygraph that Lord Chetwynd was at Genoa, and on his way home. That unsettled Miss, and she made o/T the same night. Have you seen hor here ?' 41 Thunder, no. She's here, in the neigh borhood,' cried Monk, in a panic. 'You must watch here for her, Flack. Go over to the village inn and look for her then'. Be in the edge of the .park on the east sids of the house after the lights are out. I must see you then— consult with you. I cannot stay hero longer without excit ing suspicion. We must find the girl to. niRht.' He returned to. the house, conecaling his anxiety and perturbation as beet he could. Ho passed the drawing room, going through the music-room to the great conservatory, into which the drawing rooms, music-room, and the pink boudoir opened. lie eat down in a dim nook among the flowers, biB heart beating fiercely, and muttered : 'Bernicc here 1 Beruico back at Cbet . wynd Park I She will respect her oath. Bhe will not reveal her identity nor pro lence to her husbaud ; but why does ihe come 1 I fear thero's mischief ahead.' CHAPTEU XII. THE FIGURE IN WHITE, From tbe low, rustic seat upou which | Gilbert had flung himself,, ho could look into the bright drawing-room and hear the murmur of voices. 'I wish Chetwynd would fall in iove with Sylvia,' ? thought Monk ; 11 but he remains wedded to bis fust love, I wish, he would feel bound in honor or compassion j to propose to Sylvia this very night. If she ! were very skilful I should think she might lead him on. If he were really and actually engaged to Syl7ia, 1 think I could manage Bernice.' It seemed as if the fates were playing into his hands that night. While lie lurked in the great conser vatory that flanked one end of tho house and opened upon several stato npartmenls, Sylvia sat in a low chair beforo tho fire, her yay bit of woollen embroidery on her knee, tbe soft light falling in a flood upon her swarthy, handsome face, red cheeks and glossy black hair, conscious that sho was looking her best, and presenting a pretty picture to the long homeless young lord. ' I am glad to be back again,' said tho marquis, his grave brows shadowed by his ceaseless^ unrest and bitter longings. 'I thought »n Abyssinia that JL would give all I owned to transport myself in an instant bnckto this dear old home, And now lam here, in the rooms she brightened with her , joyous pre'sericc, and the pain of being here .. is greater than I could have drenmed. It . ^ oecms as if Bernico were near mo, Sylvia, I have never: had that strange sense of tbe nearness, of her presence si/ice I lost her. It ? seems as if she . woro in these rooms— as if .she might appear to me at any moment — as if I might hear her voice calling.' . »-That is very natural,- and very easily explained,' said Sylvia, in her smooth, Bilvery. voice. 41 You left this place so Boon after dear Dcmiec's death that her presence ?till seemed, as ono might say, to pervade ' the house* You como back after a long Absence, and everything reminds you of her. You have not grown used to the house witbj out her.' : ' Shall I ever get used to tbo Iioubc with 'out her?' asked Lord Chetwynd. /'The edge of our grief must wear off some time,' said Sylvia,' softly.- ?' It must lose its first sharpness, and become a vague and tender memory. Perhaps when I'm gone you will find repose. in your fond memcrieB of Bernico, I love Chetwynd Park, and all the people upon the eBtate. This is tho only home I have in all the wide world. Bat I must leavo it. I am going ?way, soon, next . week, if possible/ and I phall never return again.' . ' Why is llik', S-lvla? ? Why should -ou leave your homo V ... f All, that is it,' cricvl Sylvia, passion ately, ' It is not my homo. X have no right lu re. Can you mtsoe, Uoy? Do you not understand ? You forco me to apeak plainly. I have no claims upou you Uoy, and t can no lunger Jive upon your bounty. Besides,' and luir voice tremble' with the couscioufctH*-* that she wart pinn ing her last card now, 'my good name is mv most cherished puBstesion, Hoy, it is, in truth, all I have, nnd people talk because I remain here.' 14 What do they dare to say to the pre sence of my'atep sister in my house ?' 'Tiieysay,' replied Sylvia, drooping her head still lower, ' Lhat I was f.ncc betrothed to you, and that you jilted me. They sv? that — that I love you s!ill, and that J am staying on here in hopes to win you. And ho I must go, lloy. I could ml stay on here bo long as a spark of true womanhood remains in me. And so— and GO—l'm Sho covered her faco and seemed to sob iu an utter humiliation and an guish. ' There is only one way in which you can or ( will .remain, I suppose,' he cx daimrd, impetuously, 'and that is— as my wife.' 'Oh, Uoy I' cried Miss Monk, raptur ously, cresling her head in serpent fashion, herdull oy.es burning with lambent flames, her led checks flaming into deeper carna tion. For an instant Chetwynd paused, be wildered. Miss Monk waited for him to sa7 more. He comprehended that his un guarded outburst had been interpreted aa a half proposal of marriage. lie was i sick at heart for a brief space. Recover : ing himself, he said, with unconscious stem Ijieps:'-. ' Sylvia, I nc'er loved but once. My heart is buried with my wife. All my hopes rest in her cofiin. We were once betrothed. | You put an end to our engacemerit, as I I fancied then, because you had discovered I that you did not love me, and I married | Bernice. My -n.otber desired you and me tomarry each other. Bernice, dying, urjrcd ; me to marry you. JL)id she fancy, in that last hour, that you loved me? The dying see clearly, it io said. Perhaps she 'had heard of our former engagement, although that is scarcely probable. My mother loved you ; Bernico loved you, I cannot permit yon to go focth to a life of toil and hardship. Sylvia, sister, knowing what I am, and that I have no heart to offer, will you become my 1 wife ?' The color flamed again in Miss Monk's face. ' Oh, Uoy 1' she breathed again, in rap ture. ,4I Jove you. To bo your wife is more than I had hoped. But I will devote ray life to you. We will work together, aud I know that I can bring back to you a portion at least of your lost happi ness.' Chetwynd smiled sorrowfully, 14 Such a marriage is a one- sided affair,' he Baid. ' I have so little to give in relurn for your love. But I can spare you tho toil and , hardship of a governess's life. I can shield you from contact with the busy world, nnd I will try to make you happy,' Misa Monk aroEc swiftly and rushed toward him with her soft, uudulating movements, and flung herself upon his breast. He started back with a gealuro of iepul sion, but recollectiug himself folded one arm around her. They were betrothed again, and ho could give her at least a brother's caresses, 'Oh, Uoy, this hour pays me for all I have endured j' cried Miss Monk. 44 All I ask is to be allowed to make ycu happy, I cannot hope ever to take the. place of dear Bernice, but in time I may come to fill a little niebe of my own in your heart. I havo suffered so much. My life has been one long death without you. Take me closer, Uoy, and give me tho kiss of betrothal. At last — at last,' she went on, 'lam yours,' Chetwynd put both arms around her, and said, in a broken voice : 'God bless you, my promised wife — my dear Sylvia.1 And may your future happiness atone for the Borrows of your past.-' He bent his noble head and pressed a kiss up hi hir willing Hps, She held him^to her, showering kisses upon him in strange un reserve. A si^b, a breath, a faint rustle, like the brushing of a wing or the movement of a woman's dress, camc fluttering through the room, Chetwynd, still holding Sylvia to 1ub breast, involuntarily looked up. His appalled eyes beheld a sight that held him dumb and motionless.. He saw standing iu the wide archway of the open sliding doors that which he* be lieved to be the apparition of his lo3t Bernice. Sho stood against a faintly lit back ground of dusky blooms, perfectly revealed, yet in the midst of an odorous twilight that made her seem indeed a vision from another world. . She was dressed in white, ns nt her butial. C'hetvynd's fascinated eyea noted that she wore a long, white silken robe like that iu which he had consigned her to the tomb. He recognised the peculiar fashion ing of the dress, for she bad worn the one in which she had been buried at her first dinner at Chetwynd Park— that memorable diuner upon the very evening of her home coming, The low, square-cut Pompadour corsage, with frills of point lace standing up about the slender throat and fair bosom; tbe short Bleeves ending at the elbow in a frill of lace; the bared arms : he recognised each separate festurc of the toilet he had thought so charming. But the face I It was strangely changed, and yet he knew it, and his heart leaped up within him at sight of it. Dornico had been plain, with but the possibility of beauty, but this vision was gloriously beautiful, with a tho radiance of a lare'aud perfect loveliness. Spellbound, he continued to stare at her, noting the pure, frank brows Bhuded by criuhling masses of floating hair, the soft and perfcct contour of her face, the tender witchery of the sensitive mouth, the unutterable yearning and longing in tbu gieat vivid eyes of dusk. She looked as if she longed to speak, but was restrained by : sonic invisible power, ? j Sylria'o head had been buried in Chct | wynd's breast. She wondered at his silence, I and looked up, crying fondly j I 'Call mc your promised wife'ngain, dear 1 Uov. Kiss me again. Am X not to bo your wife ? Are we not to be happy at last ? Oh, .my darling—' She broke off abruptly, seciug the shadowy figure in tbo door-way. Sho stared at the vision as if it had been some demon Bint -to call her to her eternal home. Her hair eeetned to rise on end. Her* tongue was glued to ber mouth. The countenance of the Bceming appari tion changed to an expression of ineffable despair nnd auguish. She opened wide her arms as if to embrace Chetwynd, and so, with outspread arm?, and yearning, anguished face, she slowly retreated bark ward lite tho airy vision she seemed, until sho bad vanished into the gloom be yond. Not until the seeming spectre had disap peared did Lord Chetwynd arouse from his frozen silence. But then, ns if galvanised, he flung Sylvia Monk from him in un utter forgctfulness of her, bouoded across the room and into the conservatory. Thy wax lights were burning dimly in tho great arched domo of glasp, and there were dim nooks and Bhadowson every side. The mar quis dashed down a wide flower-bordered aisle like a madman. The glazed doors at tho lower ond of the conservatory and open ing into tho garden were open* Ho made for them, uttering itraugc and incoherent ertei. J ? fjiibeit Monk w^g standing near the door, as if brought to asudden halt. He had seen Bei nice enter the conservatory, but had been unablo to arrest her movements. He had Been her but now depart like a shadow, and lie was. in tho act of pursuit when Lord Ohctwy nd's swift approach made him halt. The schemer knew that a crisis bad occurred mi the fortunes ol himself and Sylvia, and ? pon his prudent coolness bis.own future and hoi.s depended. He was equal to the oecHsion. ' Why, what's the matter, Chetwynd?' he asked, in the utmost apparent surprise. 'Good gracious I is tho man mad? Where aro you going 7 Why aro you running/ Great Heaven I you look as if you had seen a ghost 1' Chetwynd turned upon Monk, eager and impetuous. ' Did you see hor?' he cried* ,,Hasany one passed out this way ?' 'No one. I have been standing in tho doorway here tlr.se fifteen minutes,' replied Monk, with seeming truthfulness. 'Whom do you seek? Sylvia?' ' It waa Bernice !' said the marquis, all excitement. 41 1 saw her as plainly as I see you, Gilbert — my dead wife, Bciuice 1 Help me to search tho conservatory—-' Monk put on a look of alarm* ' My dear Chetwynd,' be exclaimed, 'you arc the victim of some singulnr hallucina tion. Your brain is turned, nave yoU for Rotten that Bernice io dead? How, then, havo you seen her ? Do tho dead return from their graves? My dear boy, let mc send for Doetor liartrighfc. You have got a biain-fever.' Chetwynd shook off Monk impatiently, and searched the conservatory in every nook and corner, but he found no trace of this strange visitant. Ho dashed out in tho garden, and Monk went with him, but they did not see again tbe slender, girlish, white robed figure of the seeming spectre. At length they re-entered the conservatory, tho marquis pale and distracted, and returned to tho drawing-room. Miss Monk stood before tlie fire, her cheeks again glowing, but there was a look of awful dread and horror still in her eyes. She imagined that the spirit of the woman whom shu believed she had mur dered had returned to haunt her for her crime. In her first horror she had keen a very coward. She had crept away upstairs to her room, and had there given way to all her terrors. Tho old East Indian nurse had given her her usual remedy— a soothing draught— nnd had comforted ber, and in ppircd her with fresh strength and courage. Under all her superstitions and peculiar weaknesses, Misa Mouk possessed an iron will aud a remorseless nature. Nothing had, Bo far, stood in her way in her attemptB to win Lord Chetwynd. Now that he was fairly won, and ngaiu betrothed to her, she determined that not even a visitant from the other world should take him from her. Having thus resolved, she returned lo the drawiug-room only a moment before Lord Chetwynd reappeared. Sho welcomed his return with a look of gloomy reproach. Then, as if relenting, she swept toward him, caught his arm, and pried ou* ; - ~ — 44 Oh, Uoy I why did you throw mo irom you ? Why did you dart away eo abruptly 7 You frightened me. How ray heart beats still I What is the matter?' 'Did you not see Bernice?' he asked. 14 Were you not also looking at j'onder arch way ?' 'I was looking at the archway,' replied the consummate actress, ' but no one was near it, Uoy. What do yoa mean by your allusion to Bernice? It cannot be lhat you fancied you saw her?' ' I thought I sawjier yonder, Sylvia. It is strange. I could have sworn that I be held my lost wife. And ycu did hot see h^r? Can it have been an allusion ? Gilbert was standing near the doorway of tbe con servatory, and be says that no one came in or wentoutby that way.' Sylvia swept a suddeu, keen glance at her brother ; but his face was impassable. She determined to have an interview with him upon tlie subject later, Chetwynd was staggered in his belief. He put his baud to his forehead, saying, hollowly : 44 Can I have been mistaken ? Wns it all' a freak of my over excited brain ? It is easier to believe that than to believe that the dead can relurn. And yet, could my imagination have pictured hor in all that splendour of loveliness, in the glory of a perfected beauty, the lustre of a beauty such as I have never Been ? I cannot explain it.' J He^ leaned acainst the low mantel-piece, and Sylvia laid her red check ou his arm in a caressing fondness. ' Gilbert,' she said, proudly, ' my placo is here, at Hoy's side, henceforth. May I tell biro, Hoy 7- Yes? Listen then, Gilbert. Our old betrothal — Hoy's and mincis.ro nrnved. Wc are to be_ married — Hoy and 'I congratulato you, Chetwynd, upon having won a true and loving heart,' said Monk, extending his hand to tho marquis. 14 This renewal, of old relations will assuredly, prove for the best. I suppose Svlvia won't mind my telling you now that she bnslovgd you all alonj; with a rare devotion. I hope 1 you two will be happy.' 'Iaui not myself' yet,' said Lord Chet wynd, with a troubled smile, ' I seem sud denly to make the discovery that I have nervea. I'll go to my room, if you'll kindly excuse me, Sylvia. I am greatly fatigued after my journey,' nnd lie withdrew, going up to the rooms he had occupied with Ber nice. Gilbert Monk made a movement to with draw into the. conservatory, but Sylvia de tained him. lie wns anxious to search the grounds, in hopes of discovering Bernice, and he submitted to his detention with an ill-grncc-. ' What do you want V* he asked, with an exhibition of snrlines3. '?I waut to know if you were in the con servatory during somo fifteen minutes pre vious to Lord Chetwynd's 4 optical illusion V ' demanded Miss Monk, with sarcastic em plrnsis. Monk replied in tbe nnirmatiYe. ' And yon taw no one enter or go out ?'? Monk lmatened to utter n negative. - ' ' 'I den't believe yon,' said tlie.'rclinfid Sylvia, with considerable rudeness. 'I know better. I saw tlie ghost, if it was a Rliost, and so did you. What is your object in denying the fact to me /'' ?4 1 havo no object. I saw no ghost, and I cau s-.vcar to ray denial, -if you choose. You must have been rea.iing Mrs. Crowe. You would.do better to think of tbe great victory you have won. I advise you to hasten your marriage. I have nearly run through my thousand pounds, and I want more. You remember that you promised me an annuity of a thousand pounds on your becoming Lady Chetwynd. Hurry up the marriage. That is ray advice.' lie kirsed his fingers to her carelessly, and sauntered away into tho; con servatory. Mies Monk looked after him with n puzzled frown. 14 1 wish I knew what scheme occupies him now,' she thought. 'Gilbert has changed during the past year. I must confess he is getting too deep forme. I can't fathom him. What prompts him to deny that he saw that figure in white? If it was a Bpectre, he must have seen it, since it waa visiblo to both Hoy and me. If it wero not a spectre, what waB it? On my soul, I believe Gilbert knows.' With ibis conviction Miss Monk went up to her own rooms. Sho found old Hogeo In tbe dreajing-room, just unlocking the doors of the precious EaBt Indian cabinet. - The old ayah started , at Miss Monk's entrance, and hastened . to lock the doorB opening into tho hall, 8bc then returned to tho cabinet,, and opened the secret compartment and took out the tiny gold box of raro East Indian poisons, - . ? : I 41 What aro you going to dp?' asked Miss I Monk, sinking into an easy chair. . I ' 1 want to sea that my globule? havo not been tampered with,' responded oid Hagec, ' I feel uneasy, Missy, about that ghost. It can't be possible that 1 made a mistake in the vial, but I intend to see. If I had made a mistake tbe girl would have died in her cofUn all tho same— no, Bhe would have recovered her conaciousn' RS, at the end of three days. It's alright Missy, but I'll just I make sure.' I Miss Monk watched her attendant j ; with languid interest, while tho ayah | opened the two vials we have just before , described, 44 There wero ono hundred globules in each,' muttered the old woman. ' I took i one out of vial number two, leaving ninety- ; nine. I will count them.' Sho proceeded to do bo. ! 11 It's alright,' Bhe announced. 41 There aro just nisety-nine remaining. 1 can't tell | what made me so foolish, but just as soon as i you ppoke of the ghost I felt a desire to look at theso vials.' ? - ' Look at the vial number threo,' said j I Miss Monk, 11 Still, that's all nonsense, : It's alright, only there's one thing sure, j Hagec — Gilbert'knows something about that j-gbost, or whatover it was. He swears he I saw nothing. I wish I knew what game of hid own he wns playing. There's ono thing sure— he knows *,ke secret of that mysteri otis intruderof to-night. Th® old ayah's weird eyes gleamed with a sudden light, * She hurriedly seized upon tho third vial, opened it, and began hastily to count its contents. A look of dismay came over her 'faco when Bhe had finished. ? «? Can't you make it count right ?' asked Miss Monk with sudden interest. 41 There's only ninety-eight globules here,' answered the old woman, blankly. 41 And thero were a hundred ?' 'Exactly that — a hundred in each vial.' ' You may have dropped a couple ;' and Miss Monk began to search, ' Stay, Missy,' said tho old ayah, in a lone of deep significance, 'Answer mc a question : Was Gilbert at home on tho the day that Lady Chetwynd was taken ill?' 'Yes. Don't you remember that ho was in my boudoir beforcdinner?' 44 Was he in your boudoir before we opened this cabinet, and had our conversation about Lady Chetwynd 7' *? Yes ; he went out, and I called you, and ve came in hero.' 41 Ab I And he wab back in three day's time?' 'Yes. I telegraphed him that Lady Chetwynd was dead. You knew all tbiB. ; Why do you ask bo many unimportant ! questions?' I 11 Simply to confirm my own suspicions I and remembrances,' said the old woman, her black faco growing yellow. Miesy, : Gilbert Monk is as keen as a tiger that ecenta | blood. He suspeoted us. When be went out from your room that day ho must have slipped in here. The doors were locked, it is true. How did he get in? With a bit of wire, perhaps. He is keen, is Gilbert Monk, He bid in there ; he heard all wo said. I remember I went to my own room for another vial. Only one link is wanting to make the chain of my suspicions complete and deepen them into dead certainty. If you had been absent from this room a moment — ' Miss Monk uttered a singular cry. ' I was absent,' sho ejaculated. 'Lady Chetwynd came to tho door of my boudoir for a piece of music,'- 41 Then all is clear. Gilbert changed the globules, and took an extra one out of this vial number three. Ho was back in three days. He gave her ladyship more of the drug. She was buried... He rescued. her. He has biddeu her somewhere all these months. Xady Chetwynd lives. It was no ghost, but Lady Chetwynd herself, whom you saw to-night I' CHAPTEU XIII* A. DISTURBING PRESENCE, The announcement of old Hagee's in stinctive conviction lhat Lady Chctwvnd lived, and that it was herself and not*h6r spectre Sylvia Monk had 6een, was de livered with a startling vehemcnce that for an instant almost carried conviction also to Sylvia's heart. Sho looked appalled. The handsome swarthy face lost its deep red stain in cbcnks and lip.?; the dull black eyes opened wide in an expression of utter terror and abhorrence. ' Alive 1 Bernice alive I' sho whispered, hollowly. 'Impossible I' ' Not impossible, Missy, if Gilbert Monk should have circumvented our plans,' said old Ragce, nodding her turbancd head, her witch like features working convu'sively. ' I did not suspect him of being so deep, but depend upon it ho was hid in these rooms upon that da}' so long ago when we planned Lady Chetwynd's death, and he chanced tho globules, and has now in his keeping the globules you should have given young Lady Chetwynd.' I don't believe it,' said Miss Monk, with sudden vehemence. ''I toll you it is not so. I would rather believe that I saw a .tjho.U to ni«ht than lhat I saw the living Uernice Chetwynd. I can prove to my own satisfaction that it was not Bcrnice, If it were the true Lady Chetwynd in the body, where has she beon all these fifteen months since her burial W 44 Gilbert might have kept her out of sight, for purposes of his own.' ??If it had been Lady Chetwynd in the flesh,' demanded Sylvia Monk, why did she not speak? Why did she not rush info tbo room and throw herself in her husband's arms?' 1 The old East Indian woman shook her head. The question was to her also unanswer able. Sylvia Monk's face began to glow with n certain triumph, 'Ab, you cannot answer,' sho exclaimed, with a thrill of jubilance in her silvery tones. 41 1 thought not. And Gilbert was too unmoved and quiet to have suffered ! Tecent alarm. You have made a mistake in | counting, or thero were not originally one hundred globules in each vial,' declared Sylvia, positively. 44 We have been scared beyond all reason. We will be watchful of Gilbert, but I am. persuaded that I saw a spectre to-night.' I She leaned. back on the cushions of her chair in 'a delicious content. Old Eagee locked up her tiny gold box of deadly drugs, and restored them to the secret compart-1 nicnt of tho Indian cabinet. As she locked i the Bilvcr-mounted door of the latter, and pushed the silver-mounted butterfly into its i place over the intricate lock, she shook her I weird turbaucd head and muttered, in atone 1 too low to reach Sylvia's ears : 'If Missy is satisfied, let her remain so. But as for mo, I am not satisfied. I'll watch Gilbert. I'll examine bis trunk and clothcs in search of tbo missing globule, I'll dog him like biB shadow. I'll know if a spectre has come to haunt Chetwynd Park —if somo strange woman is personating Lady Chetwynd— or if her ladyship is alive. If she's alive, there's danger for us ahead, nnd I must bo on my guard to meet it. If she's alivo, she'll not be living long.' Tho old woman set ber lips together grimly, and a menacing look gleamed in her small, furtive eyes. While Sylvia Monk was thus lulling herself into a false security, and while old Rageo was determining to probe tha mystery that was so fraught with danger to her idolised young mistress, the lord of Chetwynd was in his wife's rooms, a prey to tbo keenest agitution and distress. He.had walked through .the. long- deserted roomB, noting that everything was prccsely as Bernico had left. it. -''Here was her favorite chair by the hearth of thorboudoir ; henrwaa her deBk*;'there was her books, h^r sketches; in yonder washer open dressing, case, with its gold mountings, its cut-glasB '?bottles with golden wtoppcrfl, jta boxes « ? exquisitely chased gold innrbed with hi. 1 wife's monogram ; in the spacious ward robes of the dressing room wero the gar ments she had worn. Tho rooms acemed instinct with her presence. Chetwynd half expectcd to see her rise from some chair, or enter at the door, the impression of her near presence was so strangely vivid, | He walked for hours in tbe long closed rooms, until tho fires burned low. Then, with his strange anxiety nnd restlessness Blill upon him, he retired to Beruice's bed chamber. The bed was the same as wheu she had used to occupy it. Ho knelt- down by the bedside and sobbed aloud. For a long timo ho knelt there, and gradually he grew calm with the calmness of his old despair. lie arose and turned down the pas light to a dim half light, in which every object in tho room was dis tinctly visible, and then he flung himself, fully dressed, upon a low couch beforo the hearth. Ho could not Bleep in tho bed in which ho believed that Bernico had died. Ho lay with closed oyes, a travelling rug drawn over him, Ue was tired and worn, and gradually a sense of sleepiness stole over him, nnd bo dozed uneasily. Ho was aroused suddenly, with a swift ness of thought, by a soft touoh on his fore head. Ho did not open his eyes, nnd the touch descended again, as softly as a snow flake falls, upon his moustached lips. The touch was slightly chill; but it was liko n silent, fluttering kiss. He stirred— be opened bis eyes. And then he Baw again the vision that he had seen hours -before in the iower rooms. He beheld Bernice — Bcrnice intbo develop ment of a magnificent and splendid beauty — with tbo tender, innocent eyes he bad loved; with the sensitivo mouth ; with the lithe, light, gruccful figure, and wearing still the whito robes in which she had been buried. Ho lay still, scarcely daring to breathe. Sho had glided from him to tho distance of a few feet, and was regarding him with an ineffable love and anguish. She opened her mouth as if to speak, butnowordscame. She spread her bared arms as if to enfold him. . ' Bernice 1' cried out the young lord, in a sharp, shrill voice. 'Bernice, speak to mel' She Bbook hor head sorrowfully, and slowly retreated towards his dressing room, With a startling cry, he sprang up from his couch and bounded toward her. She continued her swift retreat, looking backward at him over her shoulder with that radiant face of love and sorrow, and disappeared in the dressing room. The door closed behind her. Chetwynd dashed it open, but the vision was gone. Ho explored the bath-room adjoining ; ho ran out into the great hall, the door leading into it from the bath-room being unlocked ; he searched the great empty guest- chambers, but he found no trace of his strange visi tant. His search aroused Miss Monk, and she appenrod in a scarlet dressing-grown, her feet cncascd in Blippcrs of white down, look ing frightened, while old llageo peered over lier shoulder, Chetwynd apologised for arousing Sylvia, and made some unintel ligible excuse, but kept up bis wild search, being half beside himself. He knuckcd at Gilbert Monk's door, but there came no response. Tho door was uu lockcd, and be entered the room* A light nnd afire were burning, but Monk was not there. Considerably puzzled at Monk's absence from his rooms an hour past midnight, the marquis returned to the hall, where Sylvia still stood, wondering and bewildered. ' ' . 'Did you hear burglars, Roy?' cried Sylvia Monk. 11 Is not Gilbert, in his room?' .*'* '? ' No ; he is not there. I— I fancied I saw something, Sylvia, and I camc to look. That's all. Goodnight,' 'Was it — was ifc tho spectre again, Boy?' 14 Yes,' said Chetwynd, desperately. 14 1 fancicd that I saw her once more. Good night.' Ho went into his rooms and closed his doors, and Miss Monk, in great perturba tion, retired to her own apartments. The two w;omen argued themselves into a state of calmncss after a little, but Lord Chet wynd walked his floors all the long night, and watched, and listened, and waited. But the spectre did not come again. Gilbert Monk, after leaving his sister in the drawing-room, had hurried out of doors, as wc have said, in search of Bernico. Tho one great idea that possessed him wns to find her. He comprehended that he stood upon the brink of exposure. He searched the lawn, the shrubbery, the rocks overhanging tho sea, the strip of bcach, tho boat nnd bath houses, nnd pene trated far into the park, peeping into nooks nnd glades and coverts, hut ho did net find her. Ho hurried in nnd out among the thick shadows of the trees for hours, and at last the conviction camo to him that she had in some way eluded him. ? '' She may bo hidden in the house all this while,' he thought. ' She may have gone to my room to plead with mo to release her from her vow. Little Puritan 1 She will not daro break her sworn oath not to reveal her identity to Chetwynd, or any other, without any permission. She is truth itself. But what a test for her, to stand before Chetwynd to-night, and not be able tobpeak to him I The girl's aB brave and true as she iB beautiful.' He acted upon his new idea, hurrying into tho bouso and up to bis rooms. It wns past eleven o'clock, and the lights wero all turned off' or burning dimly. Thero was no one iri the great hall, into which the faint moonlight streamed through the end win dows. He opened his door. The fire and light were burning, but no person was in his room. It seemed to him, however, that somo one had been thero recently. The rug was disarranged, ns If one knelt upon it, and the firo seemed to have been lately stirred to a brighter blaze by an unskilful hand. He was sure Bernicc had stolen iu here in bis absence, and bad remained some minutes to warm herself, and in anticipation of his return. ' She'll come again,' he thought. 41 She's like an uncaged leopardess since she saw her husband. I'll wait hero for her.' He left his door unlocked that sho might enter sileutly, and flung himself into an easy-chair in an obscure corner, and waited for ber appearance. But the time woro on and she did not come, Tho great clock Btruck the hour of twelve, but still Bernico did not come. Monk waited until a great fear came to bim that Bernice might have entered her old rooms— might have seen her husband there —and' carried away by the supreme ecstasy of the moment, and her joy at seeing him, might have permitted him to clasp her in his arms. A cold sweat sprang to Monk's visage. Ho pulled off his boots and put on a pair of cork- soled slippers, and then stole out again into the hall. He crept to tho various doors opening into tho hall from Lord Chetwynd s suite of privato rooms. He was certain that Chetwynd was in the bed-Chamber. The sound of gentle and regular breathing be came at last perceptible, Chetwynd was within— asleep. Bernico was not there. Yet he waited, watching, listening. How tho minutes dragged! At lart ho heard, or fancied he beard, Boft footfallB upon the carpet within— tho rustle of a woman's silken dress. How his heart beat now I He bent closer still at tho key.nole. Ah I now he heard the cry of Chetwynd as ho started up from his Bleep— the name of Bernico I She waB there I Monk could have beat upon tbo door in hiB agony. Ho was sure that all was^ over now— that Bernice had broken 'hor oath— that fiho had revealed her living prcsenco to her husband. What remained for bim but flight? — [To be Continued.) 