fi U M M ART POR EUROPE. rOLITIOAL. Deep îiitoroBt has boon takon. in tlio Federation Oonforonco, winch begnn it" .ittiuga m Molbouino on tho Oth mat, undoi tho presidency of Mr Gillios, tho Viotortan Piemier, and concluded its deliberations on the l_h wat Tho principal resolution, which was tabled by Sir Bonry Parlées, was as follows - "Hint, in iha opinion ot tina conference the best interests and the present and futuro Îirospenty of the AuatrulaBian colonies will le promoted bj an early union under the Crown, and, while tul y recognising the valuable services of the members of the con .vention of 1883 in founding the Tedern! Council it declares its opinion that the seven years which have since elapsed have de veloped the national life of Australasia in population in wealth, in the diocovery of re sources, and in self governing capacity to an extent which justifies the higher net, at all times contemplated, of the union of these colonies undei one legislativo und executive Government on principles just to the several colonies ' ' The terms of the resolution is it stood mot -with ready, and, in almost overy caso, enthusiastic acceptance, but it was impossible to avoid somo reforenco to de tails, and differences of opinion woie made manifest as tho discussion pío cecded Tho only objection to tho motion carno from tho Now Zealand dolo gîtes, who, while approving highly of tho attempt at fodoiation, felt thoinsolvo3 unable to say that publie opinion m thon colony wai yot upo for union with the otliur commumtics of the group lho motion wns ultimately agreed to "nain inously, it being undeistood that tho;terni "Australasian Colonios" wai not to ho i egarded as including Now Zealand , and a supplemental y itaolution waa thon passed to the effect that to tho «mon of the \ustralinn colonies contemplated in Sir Henry Parkes s motion, tho remoter Australasian colonies should bo ontitled to admission at such times and on Buch conditions as might bo litre if tei agreed upon On tho motion of Mi Deakin, it was resolved that tho mcmbeis of tho oon feronco should talco steps to induce tho Legislatures of their respectivo oolonies to appoint, dm mc; tho picsont j oar, delegates to a National Australastan Oon vention, ompoweied to consider and ro port upon an adoquato scheme for t Federal Constitution. Tho convention is to consist of not moio than seven members from each of the self govern- ing colonios, and not moro than foul members from each of tho Crown colonios A lojal address, embracing tho rosolu tiona arrived at, was adopted for trans mission to Her Majesty the Quoon. Tho proceeding!) of the conference wore con ducted m an excellent spirit, the only eloment of porsonal fooling diacormblo ocoumng in tho spoooh of Sir Henry Parkes in reply to tho dobato on his motion, when ho replied with some nsperity to oharges which Mr Playford, of South Australia, had mado of insin- cerity on tho part of Now South Wnlos, and of Sir Henry himself in past years, on the subjoet of federation Ono îesult of tho confeionco scoms to bo a .very general opinion on the palt of tho representatives of the difloiout "colonies that tho difficulties m the way of an im- mediate federation aro not insuperable, and that tho outcome of tho laigor con vontion that is to bo hold may bo awaited with confidoi.ee. SOCIAL AND GLNERAL. His Excellency tho Governor and Lady ,. Hopetoun paid a visit to Geelong on the 13th jnst They were received by the mayor and Towp Council of Geelong on their arrival, and were driven through the town Ilia Ex cellency performed the ceremony of Injinu the foundation etone of the now post and telegraph ofhee, and with Lady Ilope'oun held a reception, which waa largely attended Addresses of welcome were presented by the town council and other municipal bodies His Excellency officiated on the previous day at tile laying of the foundation Btone of a new wing for the Homoeopathic Hospital lho money for the building is chiefly provided by un unknown enthnaiastin homoopaihy, who has placed a Burn of £10 000 at tho disposai of the board of management. Mr William 1 airclough, who Ima been con nected with the Hank of Victoria in this colony for the last 30 years baa lately been J appointed manager of the London office The will of the late Mr Justice Kerferd has been lodged in the Supreme Court with the view of probate beni;; applied for it I he executrix and eiecutor are respecta oly Mre Ann Kerferd the widow of tht teBtntor, und Mr J C Jikr niannr/er of the Perpetua! '1 ruBtees and 1 xccutors Association of Aub tralia J ho leal catato of the testitarisl ?sullied at £21 700, and the personalty at £4 642 making a total of £20.112 Hie, tea tutor leaves the personal effects in the patato to his widow, and he directs tliat the income | ol the rendue of the estate should hi pnttl to her for tilt support of htrsoli und tht main tennnce und education ot tht children while she remumed unmarried, or until htr dcutli Mr John Tntk, for many j pars printer of 1 lit Art/us anil IhcAitsli iluitan died on the 17th inst Mr Jack v/lio st us in Inn aixt) second j car, had been connected with the printing departments of I/teAiuai *nid 7/f _t camp out to the colony originally ut the in et nlie of the late Mr Hugh George svho was Ina uncle, ulong with a number of other com positura from / he I tmes oillce in L mdon «, During lils recent s tait to tho Alpine die trict of Victoria na preai ii nt oí the Au» trulusian Association fur the Advancement ot Science, Huron von Mueller became tin presse 1 with the re semi Íntico ot the coumi) in climate and soil to Switzerland and I» entertains the opini >n mat under judicious t?iic<>iiriir*cment the region mimili be sealed mid become in fact another Sivit/crluud, (.rowtnf, iruttiiind other products aa ¡roilvtti thal country does He lina represented to -the Minister of Landa that if the cotintrj tsi re traversed lis -.ootl roads and thrown i pen for selection, it would support a lure,o po| alatli n iiiHt« a I of being n desert svnatp na ut I resent i hu nttrnctioua ot tht region to the tonnât (ho huron coiibitltrs, weuld bo rather increased than diminished by settle munt and cultivation At n recent mcitini'of the Me heal Hoard Misa ] Coiiattuite Stout was regiattrad »a n medical practitioner, being the brat /lust ral tan lud) doctor who lina been tinline t registration in tho Auatmliuu colonies lins >oung Inly, vvhoat intents resido in St, Kit la, li It litre nonio ai_ j cata ngo to follosv out ti mi lie ii courBe of suidj Silt Drat "[initiatedut I'hilndtlplun, obtaining the M D dcgrci, tittil alter bung nsslstatit iiiidltnl phyaitlnn at the Women a Hospital f-ilattn Island, I\tw _>rl, she proceedtd to (nuntin and at 1 orolilo obtained her MD mid C M decree Silt next Bulled for I nglaud and BUccLedcd in cnrrjlng off the .Mb diploma after ivllieh silo was a alslant lilijsiciuu ut the Isew Hospitil foi Moincli, London Hie senate of the council of the University of Melbourne Inn ngrrcd to nil amendment ol the regulations the effect of which will be to illosv students »ho have passed m nil the mibjtcts ot their jear except ont ut the October exnmiiintiona to go up tor that sub 31 et alone nt tho next succeeding December examinations A committee has been up pointed by the council to consider the le iBtbility of ivnig University lectures in the provincial towna on the same linca us those adopted under the Oxford and Cnmhtidgo Umi< rsitj extension ejah ni A motion was xeeeiitlj brought before the council in favour of allowing fein ile e,raduutea to become mem bera ot the Bennie mid the council, and to altare in nil other ne identical privileges eil 30ied by mule graduates but was negatived on the ciiating vote of the chaneolloi (Dr Urownless) lhe four masted ahinllolyliefid (Captain I" Willi me) which was 7-1 dtya out from Liver 3tol run on to a rent ofl Point Lonsdale While attempting to enter Port Phillip Heads on the 11th iiiBt and she baa becuino u total wreck Hie trew weie rescued, and a good portion of her cargo lias boon saved Shu was n nesv vessel, and valued ut fcißOOO while she lind cargo on board to the value ot ¿00,000 Hie present vojnte waa her maiden one Hie acculent ocuirrt I in the afternoon, but tht » eather st na thick mid squally lhe caí tain had signalled fora pilot for ti consider able time without obtunini, attention und he deternuntd to make for the entrance ot the Heads When the vessel struck she Waa trasplllng nt the rnte of Bevin and a half hunts au hour, and was carrying mtlitr a full Bpread ot canvns She waa almost on the rocks before the captain perceived the dangerous position he waa in A tack was made with the object of wearing off, but the veBBel missed stays, and dashed right on to the reef near the spot where the George Roper wai wrecked some ¡ears ngo Pierre Douar, n prisoner under sentence of eight )ears in Pentridge for coming and having houBe breaking implements in his possession made his escape in a sensational manner early on the morning of the 13th inst Ho occupied a cell In the C division winch is devoted to prisoners who have |,ood conduct records, and whose terms of penal servitude nro almost completed Vi hen the warder went to call him in the morning he found the cell empt) On the floor were lying RBtnall auger a pair of pliers such as aro used by tinsmiths, and a Unite which had been roughly eerr&ted; Dounr had torn oil portion ot the iron lining of his cell door with the pliers, had bored several hole»: through the timber of the door with tho nu^er, and then snvvn out a piece of wood, making a hole large enouch to allow him to f;ot Ins linnd through \\\ ith a skeleton key le re opened the pudlock of his cell which ho re locked after he had lett it. Hie hole in the door was b1 ilfully covered with a piece of parchment painted to resemblothereslof tbo woodwork and it was not known that be had escaped till the cell door was opened After Icavinf the cell he hnd to descend a distance oi Mit, climb two walls 20ft. and 12ft in height respectively and cross two yards All this ho sncccsBlully accomplished Ilia prison clothei were found in a ditch outside the walls and it is supposed that he was not unaided in his daring enterprise Douar waa arrested at the Melbourne Cottee Palate two daj s afterwards and has been ordered to serve an additional two )ears, imprisonment in irons At the time of his escape Ins term waa within 10 months of ita oxpirj, hut it ia suspected thut he is an escapee from _\evv Caledonia, and feara being handed over to the I rench prlBon authorities The third of a aeries ot pigeon shooting "ontests betveen Captain Uiewer, of the United Slates, nnd Mr L Clarke, of this colony, tool place on the grounds of the Mtlbourne Gun Club on the 17th inst, and resulted in a drawn mateh eich shooter making the hue score ot 95 birds out of iv poisible 1O0 Ihe principal event in recent theatrical matters has been the production of Mr A. C Gunter b Two Nights in Rome ' at tho Princesas Theatre, Miss Janet Achurch Mus Clara Cowper, Messrs Bucklaw, Snse, and Po)ce taking the leiding parta. Mra Brown Potter and Mrs Kyrie Bellew have arrived, and make their first appearance at this theatre on the 1st prox Au unusual event in musical nffoira fins been tbe resii, nation of the ortnnist and ladies' surpliced choir of St Paul s Pro Cothednal owing to the pastor (the Rev W Stacey Chapín in) claiming his right to control the musical portion of the church services Another organist baa been appointed, and entrusted with the task ot forming n. hew choir On the anniversary of Wagner s death a concert tvnB given hythe Victorian Orchestra, con sistlng entirely of compositions by Wagner At a recent plébiscite concert by tho orchestra the following were the worka (.iven - Overture " Ilienii," Wagner , Rhapsodie Hongroise, No 4 Lis/t,S)m phonic in 1, No 6 "'Ihe Pastoral, Beethoven , overture, ' 1 annhauscr, ' Wagner , largo for violin, harp, organ, and strings, Handel , prelude and entracte, " Lohengrin, Wagner MONETARY AInD COMMERCIAL The Argus Office, lhuraday Evening No material alteration has occurred in the money umrketsince our last summar) On 8th mat the balance of the Government fixed deposita with the banka, amounting to £500 000, fell due, and was transferred to drawing account In addition to tina sum, the Government baa about £500,000 more, and it ia therefore in credit to the extent of a million sterling Pending the floating of the loan, it is not at all probable that the banka will De asked for assistance The revelations made during the past fort nif,ht with regard to the causes of the failure of the Premier Permanent Building Associa tion have occasioned an uncisy feeling, and the building societies are lending with ex tremo caution, and are refusing to entertain applications lrom apeculatinf. builders B ink rates show no alteration, but continue firm. 1 he exchange market has assumed its normal condition, the quoted rutea being largely nominal The returns of the Melbourne Clearing house for the last fortnight show a total clearance of £12 93b G32 us compared with £11 988 910 for the previous fortnight, and with £9 8jl C23 for the corresponding fortnight last )enr The increase shown ia nscnbable to the continued specul ttion in silver on a heavy be de On the 18th inst the banking returna for the lourtli quarter ot the past yeur appeared in our columns, and were reviewed ut length The lolloiving is a comparison of the a^regates of the four principal headings with those of the previous quurtor - ir\ tenibor I lli-cmber Quarter lb.« 105 401 r 21) U 4t> 4 8 b 077 -11) 18 MIO 1)3" t¿ tortor, lb_9 100 "O" 878 111- -81 1 II üi.,06,1 ISfOOlO Inoreoso "!>" 8*fl 1,11 u 0 .Sil) 00 Deer- isa 70 033 Deposits Ad val coa Noto olrculatloi Coln r,n 11 ulllon Ina banking position for the quarter showed little moveinent irade has, on tho whole, been rather quiet during tho li rtuight Occasionally complaints are heard of a little dill! cully ni the collection ot accounts, but credit uppeurs to be sound Ihe market in wheat has been ateiuly ut prices slightly above the english equivalents for cargoo» Three or four parcels of from 200 to 400 tons each have been shipped by berth vessels, and the Sobraon carries about 250 tons Victorian town-made flour.Milkra have shipped rather freely to the udjacent colonies but niter tiklug account of all shipments only S <¡U0 tons breudslufls have been exported on account of the present season leaving 91 000 lona )ct to be stilt beiond the colony Millers liAvo had to pay 3s 7d for t,ood hues of {.uarrntcd prime new «hear, ai d chippers of parcels have in ono or tvv i instances paul rattler more Old wheat, which is still on the market has hardtne I up to "is 91, lit which a considerable busintso bus bten transacted Of town made roller Hour s iles of large l arcels have been elltcted at IS 3s to £b 7s ( I Our market in leed urania lins been steady with a u >od ctemau i at the prices rul ing J he market in sui.ur lins continued active and prices have ^rudually advanced until to day £25 10a has been obtained for Guest Mauritius whites At the auction sale of u portion of the cargo per 1 leur de Maurice, held on the 18th inst., there waa an excited competition for finest whites wind wore quickly tie irod oil at L¿i 15s to £25 For medium whites the demand waa moro dehber ate mid several lots were passed tut were snb-uqtiently sold, this description realising £211*1 to £2110s 1 he total sold amounted to 177 baga und 5 507 pockets 1 iji yellow sugars cool colour mid pluity ot giain have easilj brought £21, and Oiieenslnnd an 1 liji have boen Hild ut up to £11 lhc local rehnery is doing ii good bueinesB Hie entries of sut,ar last mouth tor home cou sumption and for ctportiitiou wero the lanu st on record in thm et Ion) und comp ire with those ot the next liuuest (January, lb-SJ) iib tollowa -? |J»li l.bt) Jr. i lSÔu 11 tries (or home ooimimptlnn 0 (17 loss ox) "its unÜLt diawl -eli 1 10 Kxuorts - 7 0Ü Total _ lons 7 SO. Ula fcOlu Until the lust day or two le* peraisontly con tinued to droop but at close there ia n Bllghtly better tone Importers are suiTerine heavy lisses On 7th inst nn auction sale of Moiling te is was held, when the catalogue was tlenre 1 off at tho lowest prices of the season, 2 000 bali cheats common to good common n ilming HI to bl and 3 000 qu trter chests b\ I to ( 1 On 11th met two cutaloguc« ot Indian tea, ex Nirbudd i were submitted at auction Competition was good, ind prices realised allowed lirmntss minn tuning valuations Sales comprised lBOi chests and .01 half chests out ot 2 01) cheats an 1 lb') half chests oflered Hit sulea wero as fr Nowa -. t-ll.sts. Illalf cllCHt 1 rice«. 7-.il to Hid 1011 to is O'd to Bid "51 1 elmo Ora m | elcoo P.I on souchong neill houir hroken pokoi souehoni. Oilier I roken_ Alter the auction about 2o0 packages out of the quuntit) withdrawn wero sold A tata logue of China teas vvns also offered Bidding was spiritless, mid the salea were at recent low priées, the whole catalogue, tom prliliu h03 half cheal» 1 -70 quarter chest«, und 1-7 bolees being dispose 1 of with out reserve Pinbong ft tohed 4ifd to 7d , Italsow buds (I'd. to 7.1, and paltline, *>yd to 61 On tho 18th mut it cntalugut ni 1.11. hull climls 7.2 quarter thesis, and 768 boxes China teas were aubmitte 1 ni aut lion Hie aotumnucr kinds were rather lift less, and were mostly withdrawn but ma Hum to toni! panyuugB sold very well, realising a dlBtmct ii lvituce on late rates , and, notwlth atanduiir limincss on the part of vendora billia ugarcu-tiuf* 1598 half chests, 7 li quarter thesis lind 2118 boxes Wero ma le lanyon« .etched 7..rf tole lad , kaisow .¡(I to lid, knifiiw hu Is B¿1 to 0¿l, ear) une fifd , ami »aiding t>td llonded stocks on tin 10th inst comprised 0,81j Ghosts, 10.014 halt chests, and 11..2S2 boles Hie atocles ot China «lid Indian, tea, calculated in pounds, compnie with those of the corre- sponding dates of 1S8S and 1889 us lollosvs - China tea Indian and CejIon tea G 878,715 051,9e5 lob 1U, 7,017,721 8S° 195 7,101 BIO 1 C8 051 7 000 219 I 8 400 470 An independent statement has been nub lishetl which reduced the stocks by about a million pounds Importers however, hnve not yet taken steps to obtain a revision of the Custom houae returns Deliveries both for home consumption and for export have been heavy for severnl weeks past Jute goods ure quiet Corntncks have had small salea nt 5a Sd , woolpacks at la lOd to la. 10i brun bags at 4a 7_d Not much dispo8ition has been shown up to date to enter into con trncta tor woolpacks for the new season, but both for this article and for corn encka the outlook has improved Castor oil has bad sales at 3s 4M duty paid A good business bus been done in eeveral descriptions of chemicals, including cream of tartar und tartane ncid, at unaltered rates, ond bluestone at £32 A heavy busineaa bna been transacted in both tinned nnd salted fleh Prices realised tor tinned descriptions have been steadj, but Baited have advanced. White herrings have realised 22s. Cd , and ling S1 , but the beat of the Lenten demand ia now satisfied In dried fruit« a modernte business lins been transacted Sultanas Bteady at OJd , clemes weaker at Cid to Citl , currants at 4jjd to *l_d Business in metala und ironmongery continuea rather re stneted Galvanised iron ia depressed, pig iron ib worth illOs, fencing wire ia in im proved demand All building materials are altected by the depression in the building trule, and there is little demand for timber Somo of the yards are working only three quarter time At the auction Bale held on the 7th mat, portious of the Baltic flooring, lining, and weatherboards, ex Oberon nnd Otllde, were disposed of, Jin red floor ing nt 10s 3d, white lining at 5s for Jin and la Hil for gin , and white weather bonrds at 5a Canadian spruce denis, ex 1 anjore and Tavonions, were sold at J¿d to 4d Of the oregon timber offered, e-c In vincible, about two thirds were sold at £0 5s to _G 10s , mostly nt the former price At the auction held on the 18th inst. the attendance and the demand were alike small, nnd little busineaa was done In American lumber, clear pine was sold at £10 15n, shelving at £13, 4_lt spruce*laths at 25a ltd , and spruce deaia at 3¡;d to 4J Hinl: discount rates are unaltered at 7 per cent for three months, 8 per cent for over three months Overdrnft rates are Itrm at 8 to 9 per cent, the Intter rate being more frequently paid thnn a Bhort time n¿o Deposit rites nre -Ibree niontha, 1 per cent, six months, 4 per cent, and l-l months, 5 per cent , Lxchunge rates for CO days' sight bills on London ure as. follows -Buying _ per cent discount, and Belling J per cent premium. REVIEW Or THE STOCK AND SHARE MARKET. BubIuoss durlntr the past fortnight has beoit on tho wholes of good extent but principally in silver com panics.1 Bbarcs and nt vor-, fluctuating prices. Sot oral of tho silver companies aro at interesting buscos of dovelopmont and tho maris ot Is continually varying, aocortllnrr to tho latest telegrams respecting assays, j lolds, or appearance of tho lode Block 10 especially have had largo business with hcasy differences in marker, value, falling from £.13 to £0 7s. CJ , rlaln. to £11 Ids, and clostat* at £13 5' -boy aro nosv opening out at 4O0ft les el In rica kaolin oro Broken Uill Proprietary toll Jrom £77 5». to £82 anti to colored to £71 old tssuo, and tho nosv havoslnco been dealt in at £13 15s. to £18 4s. for Melbourne, an I down to £10 17«. ed for London register Brid.li Lrokeu li&vo; nut roved prospects botts In upper and losvcr ssorUuj-s and roso to £0 17s. Od , but baso como bac to Lb 17e Ctl faouth Junction, and Con ¿ral have all had fair exohaniro at, advanced prices, but has o not maintained tho full riso Block 14 and Round Hill have been quitted at losvor priacs A moderate busluoas done In tho other Brol cd Ulli lodQ comisantes, but vorv little in tboseol othor districts briseis Till have bcou quitted at lower prlocs, other tin companies almost otilircly nei-leuted Vorj little dono lu gold cotnpauios, HuucllsHoef and Ce,}P-ian beim* almost thu only ones ss blob havo bad an iusprovinc; market ssblto Mount Morgan, Lonrr Tunnel K-Ucndcd and Workln" Miners' lit ltcd lias o been quitted at mtioh lowor prlcos A moderato «_auatic,o has taken plaoo in bank Biiaros, Coiiunorclal and .National reads In? improved pi Iocs Metropolitan Qafl linvo bad limited business at full lato rates Dross cry companion shares dull of sale, and prloos generally losvcr OoUsbrouah, Mort and Co re cede 1 io - s but bavo come into better doman 1 nitain and riwn to 20s. Melbourne Tramss-ay and Omnibus have boon largely dealt lu but at vory flue tuating rates ranging botsvecn _ 17a Gd and 4.0 7s Cd and olosiug at to11s lljdraulio loss er has o been quitted at reduced prlco and aro dull of sale, alls orton Tramssny fell from £7 17a. to £7 8* but hate rc-overcd to £7 Iji. Not much ohahc.0 lu otttcr Investment atoéis lor current quotations seo list und-r ' MIninir lntolllgctico and ätock. and Siuro Marl et, in another column falOCK AND SHARE LISi'. r_D. 20 ldlilO l-WOOo oonoo EjOOO 1260000 600000 ."jOOO 10000UU 1D0O000 1000000 lüooouu 600000 t 400000 li .01617 2j 400000, J0OO0O (OTOO' 10 "000 6 US II roano COSirAMLS. tia 60000 601100 40000 60 .51DJU, 10 1000000 40000 S7oodol Oj-OOOl 160000 If 0000 SOOOOel 27102J 6O000 260000 4100 SOOOOl lOOOOOl ". lucludli! Australian Dopt and Mto0 Bank Bul Hank Limit. b\ Do nosv Iseuo ti- Colonial ot Austral 4,Conn 1er lal of Aus tralla Limited 4 National of Austral asia -oWoss south Wal . I \ letona (Mc! ret ) (Do (Loudon rc-r) l'Lat d Mortgvo 10 New /salaud .».linton 10 Australasia -OLoudon Chartered of Atiitrnlii 20 English Mcottlsb & Aus. Chartered City of Mclbourui i c lora! uf Australia trecholl Inset tuent and Until li Lo. Mercantile Hank of Aujtralii LUI ti i)ul Hank uf Aus tralla oss co-rAXii-s Ballant Bendigo 6 Cautloniaino IO Dnv leblord(IJinltoil) ö.Gicloni, 6¡Mctro|ioltmn IMiUltA-S »Í 1 Australian Alliance i National tire lusur ïSotithorti Instirnncu ljVietorlan L'fe a-Oon i Hutorla Insurance (Limited) Ml3Cr.I,I,»M0lS. 6 Dalketj and Co JlFitige raid «D ross ors li Vlerynntllo t anio , Union Mortgagu and I Ae.cnrj Co. Colonial Ins and) Ai,onoj f St gllsli and Ans trallan MorLe,at*c Haul (lato II Ar d Lo TrttHtees Lvccutors and Agency Aust Morte,a,ro and Ae,cnoy Castloitt no llrcsvcrj Melbourne IJrostlnjt nntl MaKlntr Mell onrnoTrnmssay and Oninlbua viutual btoto jjlcrry * West ? cn I Uro i cry . Fntiltiblo Co opoia tito Society iorpctual Lxccittors and Trusteos Co nAinssASB Dcnlll min ¿. Moama 10 bonus t"And bonus 6s t 12s paid up 1121s per sluro " »Ils HO» Js SOJs LIVE SIOCK HLPOIir There haso passed through the rietulncton Morl ct 1 ords during tho past fort) Igbt about 4 500 tat c tttlo, 700 fat caites 46 000 fat sheep and 10 °i0 fat lambs tat Cattlo-lho au|>il> loroprlsid u70 from Hois South Wale», 2 000 from ¡vorth eastern district, 670 from Oil | slantl, 210 from tho westssard, and tho tcutalndor from the Northern and North ssestont ills trict nu 1 near toss li On Wednosdas,, 12tb lust tile .mater portion consisted of middling dcsorls tiona, v io j arding of good useful cattle being tho ssorst for lomo tinto liait, with very fnsv pens of prime Thoro ssas a lnrao attuiidaitca tbo tra lo and competition lor good to primo qualities ssas keoner throw-bout at bllglttlv tmprosed ratio s hile othor sorts svoro dltlloult to quit at about lato quotations Tbo follosvlng sscel (rood to primo qualities ss ere falrls represented I iib inleldllti. and Infi rlor sorts continue to predominate At ti i opotiltuf or the market tbo demand ssaa dull, but beuamc firmer as sales protrr.rsed ' " l ' Hllirhtlj tliroujliout vet prices -- ssllbotlt atiy tsiatorisl week a rates ) iluto lid fluotuat I thule altération ftoiit hit médium sveleltti bein. In best request 1 rimo 1 ens of bullocks front £0 10s. to £10 10s , extra prime uni heat j do do from £10 16s to £11 Us. tkl cool do di from £8 to £1) mc Ullin do do Iront £6 lös. to «,7 10s liiforior trout £6 1 rimo pens ofuotvu from £0 to £7 os.tri primo und litas j a j do to £7 lis til otberstrom £4 let Calse' - On Medne.iai, 1Mb hiht bost dosorlptions realised hieb ratos ssli lo huooiiI at ii Inf no1 sselo lull of »kio at qiiotationie Hie (olio s Inttts eck the sup) ty ssasahcavj one 400 lutine* buen ponnod eonscquentlj blitllii{,8 ssen dill tlirouuhuut at losv ratos beat sold at from fjs to Oas uood so'd ut from 40s to 60s, second and In i 20« to übe lat bhcop-lho bulk of tboso yardod ranged front t Udallin; to uood tt_o lots svitli a scarcity of primo On Tuesday, lltb hist, _ood to prl no qualities svoro tit keener t-etptost, and for suolt prices niton Oil per head higher «bile other tleserlptloiis -lu tlruier demand el fully last woek » rates. The ssitig wask tbodouiand ssaa brisk tor thoso sultod to trade requirement« and prions roaltsisd «hosv a further adsanco of Od (cr head, svntlo for other sorts no material alteration cao bo quoted Vory tew et-osshrotlB s arded ItoBt oroetbrod stethotB from 1_ Od lol)« beat eroiesbrid ewe* front 10s, Od to 1" , prime uitirluu »cUitrt, from Iii. to li»., ««ira primo and heav) do. do , from ISs. to 13s. Gd , good merino wethers from 9s Od to 10a. Gd , middling do do. from 7s Od to Os others from Os. Gd , primo merino owes fram 8s to Of, others from 5s. Fat Lambs-On Tuesds), lull inst. good to prime qualitlus wero in brisk request at fully lato rates Tho following weolc best descriptions wero sparlnely represented, and for suoh prices ruled Gd per head higher «hilo tor other sorts late rates wero fully maintained. Prime sold at from Os Od to 10s. Gd , extra primo and heal), from 11s to 12s Gd,, good sold at from 7s Gd. toOs., others, from Es. Cd. SHIPPING TOR THE FORTNIGHT. PORT OB' MKLBOUnNK. Annivii.a Avn C-seruhcss Since Oua L_«t StiuMiiv. [A. American , AU , Austrian , B, British, B.A , British American , Bohr Belgian, Bo , Bolivian, Br, Brarlllan Cli , Chilian, D , Dutch, Da., DariUh, Do Dominion, V, 1 reneh 0 , Gorman, I, Italian, N Norwegian P, Portuguese, Pr, Perm ian , F!, Russian , 8, Swedish, Bp , Spanish , Bit, ship bq , barque, bg, brig, seh., souooner, a s , steamer ] Feb. Anluve» 7\. Tari Boiobcrv, B bq, 1,121 Lieutenant M Frampton, li N li., Loudon -Vlrgoe, bon, oui Chapman 8 Shannon, It M S S , 4,189, 0 lt. Edwards, London, &0.-George VV Itliors. 8 Morra Lucona, 11 sh, 1 GSt, Peter Murdooh, I ivcrnool -Tho M Culloch Carrying Company 6 Blannulm B sh , 1,077, G G Colville, Sodorham. -Hoci,, Robliibon, mid Co 8\. tudora Do bq , 1 U8, J. Lewis, -*.ow York - Lorimer, Borne and Co 8 Atalanta, Q bq , 11)57, U Spcoht Ilambunr - Schlitze, Steffens mid Co 8 Gerda U bq, 7.5 O VV Btego, Panarocoltan, lava -Colonial Sinrar Roûnlng Co 0 Fernando, bq, 8t/, J A Jensen, Cronst&d; - KBinclte, Qunncrsen, and Co James Martin Do bq 1,31 bamarang and Tagal-M I b1_ 0 Delmlrn. B seh 330, J Jordau, Malden Island. Grlcc Sumner and Co 10 Gulf of Mexico, D.h., 8,172, G J. Allan, London -Dalgety and Co 11 Obul Uoxtor, A bq , 877, C n Colb), Boston - t* on oil and Co IL I leur do Maurice, B bq , 317. J A. Wall or, Tort Louie Mauritius -Citarlos Jacobs and Sou 11 lukokl B s.S., 850, J ollvor, Suva, Fiji-Chas Edmunds. 11 1,-ch Ltive B sh , 1 235, J Stewart, Glasgow - John Sanderson and Co 11 Itarlshall, B bq , 809, J Stephen, Fort Louis, Mauritius.-S do Boer and Co l8 Kohuca, B s s., 2 9.7 J lankhurst, Loudon - -John Sanderson and Co li Thor, J* til., 1106 K Stelnort. Port Garoblo, Pcgct Sound -1 Anthon) mid Co 14 Loth Gam, B eli, 1 .93, Jas Horne, Glatgow - John bandereen and Co 14 General Borthaut, . bq , 509, II B. Maho, Fort Louis, Mauritius -Fanning and Co 15 Salier, G s.S., _,0S3, W Itelinknsten, Bremen, _,c -Ostermeyor, Dcwez and Co t 15 Chaînait-, a 8 8.2 700, J P i. Jerehau, Bam- bun, ¿te -Jas Berrico and Co 17 Oceana R.M.S S , 0 362 P. a Tomlin, B.N It, Iiondon, Ate.-George Withers 17 I ¡euria It M S S , 4,043, G F. Dixon, London, ¿.o-G S -ruin 17 Ilorsa, B. sh , 1,128, W. Wilson, London -Vlrgoo, Son and Chapman 17 Mth B bq, 090, E. Ball, Sharpness.-Henry Berry and Co. 17\. Coplov, B sli, 1 742 Tas Bold, Frcdsrlokstadt. Loruu-r Home, and Co 18\. Fort Darwin, Bn, 2,517, Ii. Morgen, London, i.a- Gibbs, Bright, and Co l8. Omeo B bq , 780, Bobort Williamson, Port Dis co\ try, Fuget Bound-V B Trupp and f"o 10 Jerf-lcon li soh 2S7, J Murdoch, Haldon Is laud - Grlce, Sumner and Co Feb. CLEARED PUT. 7 Ballaarat, B M " ü, 4,748, E Ashdown, London, ¿lo -Goo. Withers. 10 Barmen G s «.,2 014 J A Orgel, Antwerp and Hamburg -Jos Sert leo and Co. 10 Elwell, A sit, 1,388 J G Barstow, Iqulquo Couoho Calucr, and Co 12\. lakwan B bq 810, 'Vol. Smith, Honolulu. I igott Bros and Co 13 Oro) a, U M.S S., 0,184, Ii. Studdort, London, -to. G a Yulti 14 .Australasian Iî a.s 3 630, A. Simpson, London, via Capo Town -Daltety and Co 15\. Sobraon, S. sh, 2131, J. A. Elmslie, London, &c.; — W. Crosby and Co. 17 Antigone, G. bq, 1,423, Carl Schade, Hull-W II Dodds SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE. I-it 7 Ballaarat, for London, via ports-S7X b'8 wcol, 1C9 lils leather, 9- bis thins, SOO elis wino, 1,151 ingots tin, 7 bis tobacco loaf, 10 p) trs morchandlsa ant efroets, and 7 bxs trcasuro shipment (value, i.12,821) Fit. 10 Barmen, for Antwerp and Hamburg -0 elis 10 os wino 000 salted hides. 17 bis raus, 2 050 lils grcasi wool 150 bis eoourea woo] and onginal cargo fur Autwirp and Hamburg from S) diiey rta 13 Orova, for London-14 c9 sausa.o casings 750 cs presorted fruits 1 box jeweller) (value£100), 1 240 Ingots tin, 1,483 bis wool, 0 bis leather, 7 bis skins, U cswlnc 8 bxesovs (value lO.GOU) 42 pkirs merchan dis« and effects, and original cargo from S) London Ffh 14 Australasian ' for London, via Cape Town -1,410 his wool, 3U bia sheep-.! ills, 20 cs 1 lieg witto 12 merino sheep - pkts merchandise, and orlgiual cargo trout ¡3)dno) tor London and Capo lown. Feb. 15. Sobraon, for London -11 cs wino, 160 baca oats f 0 bats bran, 12- bies harte), 51 bag* poos 5 -4 liags birk, - 041 bags flour, f 9J4 burs wheat, 5 bis balls, SO bis leather, 2.02 bis wool, SO cs meats, 5 pkts morohandi o and ouucIb. run 17 Antlgono for Hull -4,413 bia wool, COO bogs flour, 7,400 bats wheat. PASSrXGERS BY AND SINCE TOE DLPARiUJlE Or 'HIE LAbi! MAIL. Fa 7 Ballaarat for I ondon,(¿to. kaloon : lor Calcutta -Mrs Johns, Mistos A Childs, T Childs, lor Boinbu)-Mr and Mrs B Roberts ant Ayuh, Mr W S GrilTln For Brinuisl-t pt-iln and Mrs llcnnio and maid, MCBsrs W Virtue, and C F Davies. Tor Venice-Mr C Hos.elmir lor Glbultar-Mr VV G Crombie lor London- Mr au 1 Mrs VV ti Jones, Mr and Mrs. C. M Searls Infant, and maid, Mr and -1rs F i llalf-\, Mr an I Mrs O r D)sotl Cap'am and Mrs C A Mount Mr and Mne O \V 1'ortLr, Mr and Mr. II Westley and child, Mr and Mrs li Mitton and child, Vlr ant Mrs Ho) cr Smith Mr and Mr-1 1 N Hudson mid infunt. Mr and -1rs Warkuald, Me. launs Lot len Huelles, Justin I'ron no, .Mines Uro« ne (llireul, 11 S. Mat I: K Maik, Levien, horton, Inila), Gaunt Mat-ball, 1 urllno, and Uatihouao McssH 11 It Gillett, J A erny J l)ler, A Morris h G Austin, L, luchareis, Jamal Porter, J 1 M Crea, J D la) lor,. J Piper, VV J .homos, also tlirou.h pa°3cu_e.s from S)dni). rrn. 13 Oroya for London, Ac Saloon Miss Bar nnrd, ltcv. D M ai d Mrs Boss, Mr and Mrs. VV Marnock, Mrs. and Miss Mills, Mr Jowltt, Mr Gibson, Mr and Mrs Falrclou.h anl family (four), Miss Ucluu Hone, Mr and Vine U Grant and family (three) Mrs 1 li. Palmor Dr und Mrs Bird and child, Miss Bird and l.oieinom Mr and Mrs. 1' 1> Bather, Mc««r« Barber Mr I! 1 Miller, Mrs Siriot Mi*.* Itoukc Mcsire billies (three) It H iirnwn 11 D M Wynne, l'.roy Ambler I I IIar|.roa.rs W Sumner, Mills, s u '.taui.litciianrii'unil) (lour) VV ni leurs VV levers Jun Miss VI ami, Mrs Cn upton Vlr» uni nilT Horne, Mr Mills Jim , Mr and sirs. F li Wool Mr and Mrs M'Artnur Mr and Mrs. Miles Mr and Mrs. L. /uolter and famllv (to.ir) and nurse, Mrs. Clarke Mrs. Clarl o Jini Miss 1 ( larke Miss A Clarke, Mr and Mrs A)rt_u child ami nure- Mr Taylor, Mr . Ms)huw, Mr O F I roi man Mr and Mrs Armytace, Mr Thsarston, Mr Goggs, Mrs b. M Officer and fimllv (mt en), Mr and Mrs Alfred Josephs Miss Kaiinv Clarke, Mrs. C U Murgatro)d Miss Agnes Mclluiall, Miso Soutlmll Mr. Uren, Mr O .Nulli Mr J uck, Mr Holcomb, Mr and Mrs. Butter and two children Mr Parnell, Mr T Elton, Mr Howard Mr 1 Aen(,cuhcvster, Vlr G V Clements, Mr Palmer Mrs. and Miss larncll, Me.MiB. 11 and J bmlth. Davit r-pomlley, Mrs II II M Donald, Misses M Donald (foul), Miss Aldridge, Mcsirs. M Donald (three), Mr A Bnekle), Master Klrkhrin, Mlsssa hlrkh nu (three) Mr Peicook, Mr T bmlth, Mr Ii Henning)', Mr It Touii6eud Mr Soutligftte, Mr C LUrk., Mr D Mool. Mr and Mrs. Ltio », Mr«. Bol lindon and two chllelnn, Mrs Maurer and obll 1, Mr . Carr Mr H W Goodman Mr and Mrs I* IT Sal mon Miss Moonal!, Mr and Mrs. J Wnrc Mr J lltt-s, Mr A T KierU Mr G Dill, Mr bt-elo Mr »nd Mrs. Crooker anti thrao children, Miss M u*clltl-. Mrs and Miss lleiideison Miss Moulsdale Mr Raper, Ml Hlghllcld Mr toekorolï, Mr 1 Donselt, Mr Gatchousi, Mr and Mrs D VV sinon Mrs. liltr-kman, Mr and Mrs Wlllerndorf, Rov VV and Mrs Banning, Mrs Ü I* Turner, Ulisos turner (two) Master Turner, Messrs Turnor (three) Mrs. Crigtiton and child Mr mid Mrs Tburgood, Mrs Dawes aud child, Mr and Ure Fana. Mr VViiks, Mrs Windmill. Mr J 15 Spblioor.Mr O Blair,Mr Caines Mr it O'Brl.n, Mr anl Mrs Barrett Miss Ware Mrs I impirel, Mrs nuil Miss Godson l,or 1 mid Lady Bortlf, Captain Bowan )lr tud Mr«, Milos Vlr and Mrs. Cooper, Mr F A lotors Her II A and Mrs Kirkham Mr and Mrs Dow Mr Man! orley Missis. S oud II Turnor, MlssesClarko (three) mid maid Mrs Alliort, Mrs. Couen, Mr mid Mrs Lctcr-all, and 1U- in other class Ft,. 10 Foi roon for London, via Cape Town and St Helena. Saloon .or I on Ion-Mes launs It. M Gale, Lonna Broun, V VV. btrainre Moiteur, Messrs F 0. Hatueld, J I.Kewloy, J Allaiibliiipjou.A VV Si leer, I. Klllby, Josiph Uua i (ex supuriuteii lent 1 iro li suraiioo Com pantov' liro Brltade) John .reailman J Tudor bkiuner Itlohard Hawkins Josopli Brown 8vdnsy M btewart. II sucetman VV M Howley I B Faino, Lir U ViartlnDo)lc ltcv M I! Monoir O llrv-on. A fmbllng Louis Gnrsfclel, William flrlfllths, Kicliard Uzanuo 11 Thorp,, Alfred IJroivn, L A. Wieli,e, Wm Murdoch, jun , John Sogravo, Theo Hat ward, G 1 I) bmlth, G li. Halk.tt, John Vllllcrb, J Uurpliv, Mi Anulo Druon, Dennis, L. 11 Jacques, F Gale Caroline Turner, IÎ lilli and Uolcii Htrango, M K Molo S Mathoua, Masters \iiioent, \\\ lllhin, mid La» remo Streute (thro ) Hy Clapham, I or Ca) o town-saloon Mciirs G A r*artlio.oft, \\\ A Drodribb Mr mid Mr«. Jlarnian, Miss ifouiso Lou rens and lGsccoud cabin for Capo Town and 11 for London blOCKS IN BOND , Tho iollo.t InL wore* the stocltft In bond at Mclbourno on lübrnaiy 15 -Brandt-lOOOJ hhds, 21 Of9 ra««a. Hum-D7- hlul», 1,0,13 oa-ii' Genova-10J hhds, 7 8-1 four gallon cacos 1 -01 tivo-tiollou casos VV hlsky -4 CII7J hhds, 40 Uo casca Gin (aacoteiiod)- 45t hhds 4 500 oasis. Cordials-I 524 rases. Spirit- of W Ino-1Î8 emin Other . pirlf.-J hint«, 0 024 cases Wine-. .01. hills, -OSli casts. Beer-rs8 hhds, 41 0611 eases and casks lolucco (manufactured)-20 hall tierces, 17 quarter lloróos 9 ke"'s O.ifl tim o iiu irtor boxes mid boxes, 5 274 casos Tob-eco (un maiiufai turud)-451 tleiecs, hluls and casi s, 1,071 eases, 52* bales tC-loxes latidlas-244 elicitsnud lase« 710 boxes Cleals-1 "07 easiw Korosulio 15 70. ca-ioB Cooa nuil Chocolats-58.V paokages Coirie-070 liar-s DO tierces _8 casks 170 case. 107 tiarri Is Uran ll»jt-S bales Loin melts-IS bales VV oolpaol »-4 240 I ales ( Moore -05« patUagc-, Opium -51 1 ullages. Outs- I -04 hags, llops- bSO p ti a.es lllci-.U 909 I ans, .OH' te ns. Salt-lU 10J la_s Minear--,081 casks !_H58 eases ^ea ( hills-260 t hesta, 155 000 lull cllUlU 112 810 boxen , India-li 5_<) ches» ti 044 half chest«, 1 483 hoxo) other-.0 ohrsti, S hall chest-, 70 boxes bUr-i* Mauritius-14 _93 bags 10 870 pockets, Java-17 477 baskots 4 805 bags, lill mau. Olliur Forts-1_ 850 bags, 780 tiiati. Kountry-e7 tons, l.He) casca or casks 