SUHSET PASS; OR RUfWIHG THE GAUNTLET THROUGH APACHE LAND. Bv CAPTAIN CHARLES KING, Author of "The Deserter," "A Wartime Wooing," Ac. COPT RIGHT. vn. Kneeling behind their rocky barrier the two men silently peered into the darkness down the bill, The great ledge of rock under which they were hiding concealed from their view the burning fires of the Indians down in the road- way to the e&9t. But toe reflection ot tuc tire could be plainly seen on the rocks and trees on the north side of the Pass. Hero and there stray beams of light shot through the firs and cedars and stunted oaks that lay below them among the boulders, and somewhere down among these little trees, watchful Jim declared that he had seen something white moving cautiously and stealthily to and fro. Piko closely questioned him, whispering his inquiries so as not to c&toh; the ears of Kate or the children, but Jim stoutly declared that he could not be mistaken. He had marked it twice, moving . from place to place before he had quit his post, and called to the coporal to come and verify for himself what he was sure he had seem For a few moments Pike thought that it might be the Apache sentinel who had, possibly, left bis position on the little hill across the road, and w&3 seeking on his own account some clue to the whereabouts of the fugitives from the camp. Pike had seen one or two Iudians running up the road to where the sentinel was stationed in older to give him some of the plunder which they hod taken from the waggon, and it was now so dark that ho could no longer see objects out on tho plain, and, as he could bear approaching horsemen just as well on this side of the road ub on that, it was quite possible that this Indian was tho cause of Jim's warning. Several minutes passed without cither of them seeing anything. Then suddenly Jim's band was placed on the corporal's arm, and in & low. tremulouB voico he whispered, " Look, look!" Following with his eyes the direction in dicated by Jim's hand, Piko could just see, probably 200 or 250 yards away down the hillside, something dirty white iu color, very slowly and very stealthily creeping from one boulder to another. The tops and crests of the trees and boulders, as has been said, were tinged by the light of the fires Btill burning down in the roadway. The Indian yells wcro gradually ceasing as, one after another, seem ingly overcomo by the liquor that they had been drinking, they subsided into silence. A number of them, however, still kept up their monotonous dance, varied every now and then by a yell of triumph ; but the uproar and racket was not to be compared with what had been going on during tho torture to which Manuelito bad b cen subjected before they had mercifully, though most horribly, put an end to his suffer ings. Nothing but the embers of the waggon and the nnconsumed iron work, of course, now remained in the road. Pike judged too that the ambu lance had been burned, and that nothing remained of that. But all thoughts on to what was going on among the Indians in the Pass was now of little account as compared with the immediate presence of this object below him. Could it be one of tho Apaches ? Could it be the sentinel from the other sido? Its stealthy movements and the noiseless way in which it seemed to flit from rock to rock gave color to bis supposition, and yet it appeared unnatural to Pike that any one of tho Indians should separate himself from his comrades and go on a still hunt in the dead of night for traces of their bated foes. "I cannot see it now," whispered Jim. ' ' Where is he gone ?" "Behind. that big rock that you sco touched by tho firelight down yonder. Our trail is just about half way. Look ! There it is again. Nearer, too, by 50 yards. I wish he'd get on top of one of those boulders where tho light would strike him. Then we might make him out. By jove ! Ho's coming up the hill. Whatovor you do, don't fire. I'll tend to him." ' " With straining eyes they watched tho strange, stealthy approach of the mysterious object. Every now and then it would totally disappear from sight, and then, & moment or two after wards, could again bo dimly seen, crouching All rights reserved. along besido some big rock or emerging behind the thick branches of some stunted tree. Nearer it came, until Piko was sure it must have reached tho "trail " they had made in their journeys up and down the hill. "I never saw an Apache that could move about in the dark as quickly ns that fellow. Jim, by jimminy, 111 bet it's no Indian at all." "What is it then?" muttered Jim, whoso teeth would chatter a little. He had all a darkey's dread of "spooks," and was more afraid of n possible ghost than an actual Ton to. "That's a lynx or a wild cat, man ! They have a dingy white coat to their backs, in places, at least, and you've only stirred up some mighty small game. See here, Jim, you're getting nervous. Ill have to call Ned out here with his little Ballard to take your place if you are goiug to— There ! What did I tell you ?" A heap of fresh fuel— probably dry cedar boughs — had just been thrown on the coals by some of the determined dancersdown in the road, and & broad glare of firelight illumined the Pass. Again the rooks aud trees down in front of the cave were brilliantly tinged, and, as though deter mined tohave agoodlookatthcso strange "goings ou," there suddenly leaped from the darkness and appeared in view upon the flat top of one of the biggest boulders a little four footed creature gazing with glowing eye3 upon the scene below. "There's your Indian, James, my boy," softly laughed Piko and, turning, he called back into the cave, " Ned, arc yoa asleep ?" "No," was the prompt answer. " Do you want me, Pike ?" "Come here and I'll show you a pretty shot for your Ballard." Ned was at his side in an instant, bringing Iris little rifle with him, and the old soldier pointed down the hilL "That's what Jim took tor an Apache," he said. "So did you, Pike; you needn't try to make fun of me," was Jim's answer, half surly, half glad, because his fears were now removed. "Is it a panther?" whispered Ned. "Oh— can't I take a pop at him ?' "Not a shot. It would simply lie telling those blackguards where we were hiding and spoil all the fun I expect to have in the morn ing. That's no panther. They have a tawny hide ; but it's the biggest catamount or wild cat I ever set eyes on. Now go back to Kate, bundle np in your blankets, and keep warm and go to sleep. Jim and I stand guard to night." And, obediently, tho boy crept away. Pike looked after him with moistening eyes — all his jovial, half laughing manner changing iu an instant "God bless the little man! He's as brave and plucky as a boy could be, and hasn't so much as whimpered once," muttered the ex-corporal to himself. " What would I not give to know where his father was this night" Then he turned to Jim, who had somewhat sulkily drawn away to the other end of the little parapet " Come back, Jim, my boy. I didn't mean to hurt your feelings, " ho said. "Yon were per fectly right in keeping such close watch on everything and anything the least suspicious, and I was wrong if I ridiculed it Now we've got to divide tho night between us. You lie down at once and go to sleep. Ill keep guard till one or half-past ; then you relieve me until daybreak." And Jim, nothing loth, crept back towards the glowing coals and rolled himself in his heavy blanket, leaving the old corporal to hi3 solitary reflections, and these were of a character so gloomy, so full of anxiety &od; dread that one only marvels how he was able to keep up beforo Kate and the children the appearance of jollity and confidence that had marked throughout this trying day his whole demeanor. " I would give anything to know where the captain is to-night," again he muttered as his weary eyes gazed over the jagged hillside below him. The Indian fires were waning again and the gleams of light on rock and treo were grow ing fainter and fainter. The sounds of savage revelry, too, were more 'subdued, though a hoarse, monotonous chant came up from below. As has been said, Pike's watch tower and for tress was fully & quarter of a mile south of the road and about a third of a mile from tho abandoned camp, but in the absolute silence that reigned in every other quarter the sounds from the Apache war dance in that clear mountain air were almost distinctly audible. The awful groans and cries of Manuelito were still ringing in his ears, and, to himself, the old soldier con fessed that his nerve was not a little tried by the fearful sights and sounds of the early even ing. It was poor preparation for the fight that he felt morally certain would speedily follow the rising of the morrow's sun, but Pike had been through too many an Indian war and in too many tight places before to "lose his grip," as he expicssed it, now. "If I only had those poor little kids safe with their father nothing would suit me better than to be here with four or five of the old 'Troop ' and let the whole of tho Apache nation try to rout mc out," he said to himself. "Even as it is I'm bloodthirsty enough now, after what I've seen and heard to- night, to be impatient for their attack. By gad, we've got a surprise in store for them if only Jim don't get stampeded." Turniug to listen for sounds from his little garrison, Pike could distinguish two that were audible and that prevailed above all or any others. Kate was tearfully moauing and pray ing aloud, Jim placidly snoriug. "That nigger could lio down and go to sleep, by thuuder, if ho knew tho world was coming to an end in less than an hour. I'll have to watch hero till nearly dawn aud have the strongest coffee I can brew all ready for him or he'll be going to sleep on bis post and letting those hounds crawl right up ou us. Coffee's a good Idea. I'll have some myself." So saying, thevoteran stole back into the cave, noiselessly filled tho battered coffee pot and sot it on the coals said a few reassuring words to Kate and begged her to remember irim in her prayers, laughed at her doleful and despairing reply and returned to his post. All quiet Even the wild cat bad disappeared and there was now no longer light by which he could have detected the creature. Pike almost wished he hadn't gone, for, as ho grimly said, the fellow might have been good company and kept him from getting sleepy. Little by little the Indian chant was getting drowsy and tho weird dancers, some of the youuger braves, tired of tho sport whou there wcro neither admiring squaws nor approving old chiefs to look on. Tho chiefs in this case, of course, had consumed tho greater portion of tho whisky, and woro now sleeping off its soporific effects, and the young sters could only remain where thoy were, keep i watch and ward against surprise, and m&ko; no move in any direction until thoir elders should bo themselves again, unless the sudden coming of enemies should compol them to rouse thoir leaders from their drunken slumbers and skip like so many goats for tho hightest parts of tho ' mountain. i Looking &t; his watch as ho sipped his tin of ooffeo Pike noticed now that it was now II o'olock. " Ob, if I only knew that all was ; well with tho captain," he muttered. "And If I knew where Sieber and tho cavalry woro to night." Not until after 2 o'clock in tho morning did tho old soldier decide that it was time for him to " turn over tho command" and seek a little re3t himself. He knew that he would not bo half fit for tho responsibilities of tho coming day unless he could get a few hours' sleep, and Jim had now been snoriug uninterruptedly for over four hours, Pike concluded to call him, give him some strong coffee aud some sharp instructions, and put him " on post." It took no little shaking aud kicking to rouse the boy, but presontly he sat up just as he had done at the ambulance with the yawning inquiry, " What's the matter? " "Nearly half-past 2, Jim, and your turn for guard. Stir out here, now. Douse your head with some of this cold water. It will freshen you up. Then I'll give you a good tiu of coffee." Jim obeyed, and after stumbling stupidly around a moment and then having a gourd or two of water dashed over his face and neck he pronounced himself all right and proceeded to enjoy the coffee handed him. "Now, Jim, said Pike, "the wild cat's gone, and no Apaches will be apt to prowl up hete to-night, but I want you to keep the sharpest lookout you ever did in your life — not only over their movements down in the road, but for cavalry coming from the west. There's just no telling how Boon those fellows may be out from Verde, and when thoy come Ave want to know it. The Indians have their sentries out, so they evidently expect them. "Watch them like a hawk, but don't give any false alarm or make any noise. Let me sleep until it begins to get light, and then call me. Now, can you do it ?" "Of course I can, corporal, but where are you going to sleep ?" " Right here by you. I'll hand your blankets and mine out by the parapet, so that if you Avant me, all you have to do is put out your hand. If you are chilly, or get so towards day break, throw that saddlo blanket over your shoulders." For a long time, despite fatigue and watching, Pike could not get to sleep. Ho lay there looking up at the stars shining in the clear heavens and thinking Iioav peaceful, how far removed from strife or battle they seemed to be. Then he kept au eye on Jim, and was clad to note that the darkey seemed alert aud aware of his responsibilities, for every few minutes he would creep out and peer around the shoulder of the ledge Avhere ho could get a better vieAV of anything going ou doAvn in the road, and, after one-half an hour of this sort of tiring, he reported to Piko that lie "reckoned the whole gang had gone to sleep down there." Tho old trooper assured him, however, that some must bo on the alert and warned him to relax in no way his vigilance, and then at last wearied nature asserted her rights, and the soldier fell asleep. Four o'clock came, five o'clock, and there had been no sound from below. Then, far in the cast the skies began to hoist their colors in honor of the coming day god, and rich crimson and purple soon blended with the richer gold, and all around tbo rocky fastness the pale, wan light of the infant morn stole over rock and tree, and still old Pike slept, but not the deep, restful slumber of three hours before. He was dreaming, and his dreams were troubled, for his limb3 Avere twitching ; he rolled over and moaned aloud ; inarticulate sounds escaped from bis lips ; but still, as one laboring with night mare, he could not wake — could not shake off the visions that oppressed him. In his sleep lie saw, and saw beyond possibility of doubt that the Apaches were hurriedly rousing their comrades, that they were quickly picking up their rifles and then nimbly speeding up the rocks ; that even as they came towards him up the mountain side several of their number went crouching along towards tho cast and eagerly watching the roadAvay through the Pass, and, folloAving their fierce eyes ho could see, Avinding up the gorge, coining at a trot, a troop of tho longod for cavalry— coming not from the Avest, as ho had expected, but from the direction of the magnificent sunrise that flashed on their carbines and tinged the campaign hats with crimson. At their head rouo two officers, and ono he knew at once, must be his old captain, but why that bandage about his bend? "Why the rude sling in which his arm Avas carried '( Plainly visible though thoy Avere to him, the Apaches were completely hidden from the approaching troops. Tavo minutes' rido brought the leaders to the smouldering ruins of the baggage waggon, at sight of Avhich and the charred and unrecognisable body in their midst, his captain had groaned aloud, then forced his " broncho" up the rocky path to where they had made their camp and then, Avhen lie saw the ruined ambulance and all thecvidences of Apaclie triumph he reeled in Iris saddlo and would have fallen headlong had not tAVo stout troox>crs held him Avhile their young lieutenant thrust a flask of brandy between the nshen lips, and then in his wild vision Pike saw them ride ou and on up the road right beneath them— only a quarter of a mile away, never heeding, never looking for him and his precious charges. He strove toshont ; he screamed aloud, yet only a suffocated groan seemed to issuo from his lips ; he shouted to Jim to fire and so attract their attention, but there avos no response, and then, in his agony ho started up, Avide aAvako in an instant, and hurling off his bankets, seized bis rifle and sprang to his feet. Brood daylight ; sunbeams dancing through the trees ; and there doubled up at the back of the parapet, lay that scoundrel Jim — sleep on guard. One vehement kick and curso lie gave him, then peered over the barrier down the hillside. God of heaven ! what & sight met bis eyes ! The Apaches we're almost on them. To Be Continued. 