"ON GOLDEN HINGES," By DORA RUSSELL, Authoress of "Footprints in the Snow," "Beneath the Wave," etc. at': CHAPTER IV. S ' " WILT TrI LAWTE S.ua. Si'.raham rode into Normanton and went straight to Mr Dixon's office. Mr Dixon was the Graham Norths' old family lawyer, and he had known the father of the present squire. Graham North was the third of the same name'that had come to him with the same story. Want of money ! It might have been the family motto, for the lawyer remembered nothing else. They had always wanted it, and when Mr Dixon saw Gratam enter his office, he knew before he spoke for what purpose he had come. Yet the old man rose and received his visitor with respect, though with rather a melancholy smile. "Well, Mr Graham," he said, holding out his lean hand, "and how are you this cold morning! Cold, but seasonable-and how is the old squire!" Mr Dixon was a tall, spare, aged man, with a shrewd, kind face, and was a man moreover of some independent means. He knew the Graham Norths were ruined, but still they were the Graham North's in his eyes, and he had not been among their im portunate creditors, though he had acted pro fessionally for them over forty years. He felt sorry indeed for the handsome young man now standing before him, knowing well the almost hopeless embarrassments to which he was the heir. "And what can I do for you this morn ing?" he said, after a moment's uncomfort able panse, while Graham North stood, un certain how to begin a conversation so in tensely disagreeable to his feelings. "It's the old story, Mr Dixon," he now answered, want of money." Mr Dixonsank back on his chair with a gentle sigh. "A bad want, Mr Graham," he said; "the worst want." "That indeed it is !" answered Graham, gloomily. "And you can't do anything!"'said the old lawyer, drumnmiug his fingers on the desk before him, and looking somewhat curiously at the young man's pale agitated face. "I am ready to do;anythiog." said Graham, " but the questioh is, what can a man'do close on thirty, who has been brought up to no profession i" "Ay, that's true," said Mr Dixon. "If I could raise a few hundreds just for the present," began Graham. casting down his eyes. "Just for the present " repeated Mr Dixon, inquiringly. "Yes," said Graham, without rising his eyes, "for a month or two-and then I think matters could bearranged ?" Mr Dixon did not speak for a moment, and then a smile broke over his kindly face. "You should get married, Mr Graham," he said. Graham North had been very pale before. but he now suddenly blushed a dusky blush. " Why don't you marry your handsome neighbour!" continued Mr Dixon, still smil ing. "That would make things all square, and your mother I am sure would like it." "I-am engaged to Miss Despard," said Graham North slowly, still without looking in his old friend's face. " What?!" cried Mr Dixon, in sudden ::excitement; " why, my dear lad, why didn't you tell me that at once? I've not been so pleased for years-it's a famous thing !" And the old lawyer gt up and warmly shook Graham North's handl. "It's a splendid thing," lihe repeated with genuine pleasure; "she's a splendid girl, Mr Graham, and-a magnificent fortune." And he laughed. "She is a very generous, noble-ninded woman,"said Graham gravely; "she knows our position; I did not deceive her, Mr Dixon." "No. that was quite right; hut what is it to her! Iam told as an absolute fact that old Antony left her over twenty thousand a year, and some spare cash into the bargain. He left her in fact everything, except ten thousand pounds to that soldier nephew of his, orho at onue time was supposed to be the heir." "Yes," said Graham North, but- " " Come, we must have no ' buht,' "said Mr Dixon heartily, using almost the very words his mother had done as Graham paused; "and as for some ready money, why, my dear bay, you need not go far to raise that now ; in fact. I'm an old bachelor, you know and don't spend much, and I'll gire you a cheque on the bank here for five hundred pounds if that will be any accommodation, and you can repay me when it is quite convenient." "You are very good," answered Graham, gratefully. "nmoat goad--and fire hundred will settle the most pressing accounts." "You wont find them so pressing now," said lir Dixon, with a little laugh and a shake of his bald head; "no, my dear lad, they'll be pressing you for your orders now; you won't be troubled with duns at Castle HilL" "No," said Graham, bitterly, "but it seems so degrading to a man." "If she were a woman you could not love, MIr Graham, so it would be ; but Miss Despard is a girl any man could love, and respect into the bargain. You are a for tunate lad, a most fortunate one-that is the truth. Ah ! ah! and the poor old squire, he'll hardly understand it all !" And Mr Dixon sighed. "He seems fond of her in his childish ay." " Anyone would be fond of her-and, Mr Graham, take an old lawyer's advice-don't let the grass grow under your feet; strike when the iron's hot, for I'm given to under stand there's many a young fellow after Miss Despard-that soldier cousin among the rest." "Captain Despard!" Mr Dixon nodded his head. "Ay, so I understand," he said; "but never you mind, she's not a girl to go back from her word. W'ell, I heartily congrate late you. Why, the two estates joined, and Dillford c'eared, will miake a splendid property! You'll be the greatest magnate in the country after all, Mr Graham!" Graham North shook his head. "Iam very unworthy to be so, then," he siold. "Nonsense, nonsense," answered tihe kindly old man,; "yon are going to begin a new life, and leave the old one behind. You are a young fellow yet, and I hope you'il live to a great age to enjoy your good for tune." After some furtherconversation, Mr Diron gave Graham the cheque for five hundred pounds, and Graham shook hands hIeartily awith his o|l friend, and then went to the bank to get it cashed, andl afterwards pro ceeded to pay some of their most pressing creditors in the town. Presently he rode back to Dillford, still with care upon his brow. He wras thinking of what his mother had said, and nhat the lawyer had said, but they did not know what he knew. Amid all their congratula tions he hIad seen one face-the farc of the poor girl who had loved him too welL SYNOPeIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. ? lICt ErTS i. 1A. D IL--Graham North, a \- prosilbut poor man, is betrothed to Winni fred Riddellone of hisfather's tenants,but, he poor to the verge oŽietitt~or and harrassed by debts, is urged by his mnother to marry Katharine Despard. a rich andl amiable heiress. Pressed bly the poverty of his family, heat last proposes to the wealthy beauty and is accepted. CnaePrns II. ASD IV.-Katlharine Des pard, the heiress to £20,000 a year, has a consin. Captain Despard, who is supposedl by some to be the true heir of her father's wealth. Graham North hesitates long before he reconciles himself to marria-e with the rid, heiress, the pretty face of Winnifred Riddell bring conatantly before his eyes. CHAPTER V. Fr?ocuss DErPARD. When Grahlnm ,rriveld at thn hI:ll he found his molher, Mics Despard, and a country veilhbour. MIr Selbrooke, already senoed at lunch. 3Mr Selbrooke was a well-enehloed yountg mant , and Mrs Grahan North esteemeed hi;m accrdingly. Her tw- girls, Lucy and Elthel, were to be considered, though bhuy were at present absent fre.,m home, and when Graham entered the dinin-ronom he found his mother lis;e;i;;, cmplacently to a very badly-;,ld anecd;ote from e Ir Selbrouke's lisut thu-h shle v.as a good mother to her daulhtdrs, they held a very second place in her heart to her son. And now them mnnct that she saw Graham's fce she reconiseld withl a sudden instinct of love that his mind was still at ease. "How late you have been, my dear !" she said, rising and forgetting all about Mr Selbrooke. " Have you seen Mr Dixon, and have you settled anything 1" she added in a low tone. "Yes, I have seen him ; it is all right," answered Graham, and Mrs North breath a sigh of relief " Come and sit by Katharine," she said the next moment. smilingly pointing to a vacant chair by Katharine's side, and as Graham complied, Katharine looked at him in her bright way. "I was afraid you were not coming in time to drive me to Castle Hill," she said. "I was quite sure to be in time," he answered, and as he spoke he was thinking how handsome she was, and also that he had never seen her look so well. " I have had a teleram from my cousin Frank," continued Katharine, "and he expects to be able to get leave either to day or to-morrow, and ihe will stay two days on his road to Scotland with me, so I must go over to Castle Hill this afternoon to hear if there is any further news from him." As Katharine said this, Graham re membered Mr. Dixon's words about Captain Despard, with an undefined feel ing of jealousy. "I am ready to take you whenever you wish to go," he said; " but you must wrap yourself up very warmly, for it is bitterly cold; the Dill is freezing." "Please eat isome lunch first," smiled Katharine; but Graham" had no appetite, and presently-their visitor, Mr Selbrooke having taken his leave-the betrothed pair started on their way to hatharine's beautiful homine: Castle Hill"was but three miles from Dillford, the old squire's mortgaged acres joining the eixtensive property purchased by the latie itony Despard. Thus, from the time of Antony's Despard's death the most pastisnate wish of Mrs Graham North's he~i h'ad been that her sinr should marryKfatharitie, and so join tteo great estates,_and bring her ready coney to clear off the overwhelming swamp of debt that for two generations had Mhhtng over Dillford. It was a bitterly cold day, as Graham had said, as these two drove alous the frozen lanes that were to be his and hers. 'Abright cold frosly dayihbOgrouild hard as flint, the fallnas whjtened on each up turned ridge,,the biras shivering among the leafless thorns, while the rough hterbage below eahc edge was stiffened, and each blade fringed with a crsaal rim. " Well, it is cold '!" said' Katharine, with a little shiver, drawing closer to Graham's side. Again he looked at her chsarming face. "And you don't regret, Katharine,"' he said, in a l,ow tone; "you are quite sure you don't regret the promise you made this morningll" ' " I am quite sure,"answered Katharine, with much earnestnessa ?" I--Iam happy, Graham, to think-that-that it is settled." As she blushed. . . . She looked very 'handome dat this moment. Her fine complexitn swas im proved by the clear frostly air, and her eyes were full of feelin.:. She'was 'v'ry happy'; happy to think that she d6oid'do so much for-the iman-:she'cared for, and put all trouble away. friiti hiin. :This was her nature-a noble generous, nature, which never gave with a'niggard hsnd.' Her uncle, Antony Despard,' had also been a very noble character. Whatever he had been in youth, when he entered the, haven of old age, the storms' aiid struggles of life were all left behind. And he was a clever man,' too, shrewd anid liberal-minded, and it was his knowledge ,of Katharine's nature, and his great love for her that had induced him to iimske her his heiress. He knew that his nephew, Frank, had the most claim; he was the natural heir: but old Antony with his gentle grey eyes saw more than most people im=gined. 'He was quite ready to acknowledge Frank's good qualities; the brave, fearless spirit that would face death and danger with a smile. But underlying this almost a tvage daring what else did he see ?' Not, at all events; the puresoulof Katharine. Frank Despard might be no worse than his fellows but with great wealth in his power what would he be come I Thetold man asked himself this question,. and the answer was not satisfactory.. It lost his nephew Castle Hill and a great income. He left his' wealth where' he knew at all events it would do no harm, atnd he left it tosKatharine.' ' ' "If she likes to marry Frank,"! he thought, "she will have' more influence over him as a rich'woman than a poor one, and her influence will, always be good." He died with his hand in Katharine's, and died as only a good man can 'die. There were no pale, miserable ghosts by this death-bed- baunting shadows 'of ill deeds wrought long ago. Memories there were-the sweet face of his' dead wife, of friends, but gone before ; sweet memories of love and kindness and silent charities \--these shone out of the darkeisin mists, and their reflection lingered on his face after he had ceased to breathe. Long eao he had lifted up his eyes and beheld Eternity before him; long ago, while yet' amid the shallows .he had stretched out his arms t tite 'great 'vrst sea, and lived as a man lives who realizes that he shall exist for ever.. Round the pale, cold clay of such a man there are many mourners, and'the' girl who wept by his side, in whose hand his hay when his spirit flitted intiio Light; felt so crushed down by her grief, that she scarcely heeded at first jahen they told her that all her unhle's great wealth had been left to her. No doubt the nobleness of his character had influenced her,:for KaItharine ihad grown graver and more thoughtful since his death, and was always trying to do coed, and carry out schemes that she thought he would approve ef. One person, however, did nat like to hear of her great generosityabnut mtoney, and this was her cousin, Francis Despard. Francis Despard had been disappointed about his uncle's will, but not made miser able by it. He had, in. truth, made up his mind to marry Katharine, and, to do hiut justice, he would have married her had their positions been reversed; that is, had Katharine been bequeathed the ten thousand left to him and he the twenty thousand a year of which Katharine was ithe heiress. But Katharine had not givet her heart to her cousin Frnnk, though he never seemed to realize that this was so. She had chosen Graham North, and hIsis very poverty made him a huntdred times dearer to her. She was thinking as she sat by his ride. how shie would put every thing into his hands, how glad and happy asite was that this great fortune had ebme to her, and that all Graham's troubles would be ended now. And of what was Graham thinking ? He was thinkins how he could love this woman, how he could make a friend and companion of her as well as a wife. She never wearied him; her brightintelligence, her warm, sympathetic heart delighted him, and yet--and yet-" " Why are you sighing, Graham 1" she said, looking up in his face. " I was thinkir g how unworthy I am of yau," hlie aanswered, with a somewhat forced smiile. ' You ouht to leave mne to find that out." laughed Katharine. But now they had almost reached Castle Hill. The house stands on an eminence thickly planted iith trees antd evergreens, and a winding drive through these planta tios leads to the gateway. The house itself is mnost picturesque. It is completely covered with iry on one side, asid below, throiugh the trees, you see glimpses of the winding Dill. Antony Despard had erected a hand some stone bridge over the river after he had bought the property, and, as they crossed the bridge some men below were breaking the ice for their cattle to drink. The Dill at this point frequently overflows the fl t meadow lands, and in winter when the floods come down from the hills, rushes with great force through the arches of the bridge. But the severe frost of the night before had now almost frozen it over. (To he contiiued.) 