Story Column- St. Cutktat's Towr \- ITho solo rlght to nublisli tilts story ill Brisbane has boon piuuluisoil bv tho "JWfsmp/i Xoivspapor Company from Cnssell and Oouipaay, London and ... v ifelbourno.-. y , , . , , ... , , GnATTEtt II. — ( Continual). By FLORENCE WARDEN. Author of "Tho Houso on tho Marsh," &c.; " Now you've seen a'," said ilrs. Wall, other querulously.- " An' t' lad doivn- tairs'll bo wanting to know ivheer toput 'things." Sho- was retreating with- her candle, when Olivia stopped her again. " No," she said, eagerly, " we've not seen all. There's a wing of tho house we've not hcon into nt all ; and I can soo through the little window, on this side of it, some curtains, and a flower vass with something still in it. It doesn't look empty and deserted like the rest. I must get in there before I go down." But Mrs. "Wall's old face had wrinkled np with superstitious terror, and it was only by force of musclo that tho young girl succeeded in cutting off her retreat. " Na," she said, her voice sinking to n croaking whisper. " I canna' tak' ye in thccr. An' — an' t' doors aro looked, ye see," Bho added, eagerly, as Olivia, still grasping her conductress's orm, in vain feed the door at -the end off the passage, and one on the left-hand side- ut right angles with it. "Well, hut why are thoy looked?" asked the young girl, impnticntly, her . rich-toned, youthful voice ringing sonorously through tho long-disused pas sage. "The wholo place is ours now, and I have a right to seo into every corner of it." " Oh, Miss Olivia, perhaps we'd better go back— go downstairs — for to-day," suggested tho littlo maid Lucy, rather timorously, behind her. Mrs. Wall's nervous tromor3 woro beginning- to infect the poor girl, who was, moreover, very cold, and longing for somo ten. Bat her yoang mistress hud at least her fair -share of ail immovable British obstinacy. Finding that both doors wcro firmly locked, and that there was no key to either forthcoming, she flung the whole weight of her massive and muscular young body against the door on the left, until the wood cracked and tho rusty nuils rattled in the disused hinges. ' Mercy on us !" exclaimed Sarah Wall, petrified by tho audacity of the young amazon. " Shoo'll have t' owd place about our ears I" " Take tho candle, Lucy," said Olivia, imperiously, perceiving tliat the dip was flaring . and wobbling in an ominous manner in the old woman's trembling fingers. Lucy obeyed, frightened, hut curious. Her mistress made two moro vigorous on slaughts upon the door ; the first produced a great creaking and straining; at the second tho door gave way on its upper hinge, so that the girl's strong hands wore able to force tbe lock with case. She turned to the guide in somo triumph. " Now Mrs. Wall, we'll unearth your ghost, if there is one. At any rate, we'll get to the bottom of your mystery in five minutes." But she did not. Frcssing on to the end of a very narrow, unlighted passage in which sho now found herself, Olivia came to a second door ; this opened easily and admitted her into a largo chamber, the aspect of which, diulv seen by tlio fading light which came through a small square window on her 'left, filled her bravo young spirit with a sudden senso of dreariness and desolation. For it was not empty and lumbor strewn, like the rest of tho rooms sho had entered. The dark forms of cumbrous, old-fashioned furniture wero discernible in tho dusk; tho heavy hangings of a huge four-post mahogany bedstead shook, as a rat, disturbed by tho unwonted in trusion, slid down the curtain and scurried acrosB the floor. As Bho steppod slowly forward on tho carpet, which was damp to tho tread, and peered to right and left in the gloom, Olivia could sec strange relics of the room's last occupaat ; tho withered remains of what had been a bunch of flowers on a table in front of the little window; an assortment of Christmas cards and valentines, all of design now out of date, and all thicklv covered with brown dust, fastened with pins on to the wall on each side of the high mantolpiece.; - even a hook, a rail- way novel, with its yellow boards gnawed by the rats, which she picked up rather \- -timorously from the floor, where, by this time, it seemed -to have acquired a con- ' eeorated right to lie. \- Still advancing .very slowly, , Olivia reached the opposite end of the room, where her quick eyes had perceived the barred shuttors -of -a second and much larger window. With some difficulty she removed the bar, whichjhad grown stiff and rusty, and, drawing hack the heavy shutters, -revealed tho long,- stone- muUioned window, with diamond panes, which bad boon such a picturesque feature of tho house from tho outside. The thick, untrained ivy obscured ono end of it, but enough light glimmered through tho dirt-encrusted panes for Olivia to he now quite sure of two things, of which sho felt nearly sure beforo, namely, that this -was the best bedroom in tho house, and that, for some mys- terous reason, this chamber, instead of being dismantled like tho rest, had been allowed to remain for a period of years almost as its last occupant had left it. Almost, but not quite; for the bedding bad been removed, the covers to the dress ing tablo and the gigantic chest of drawers, and tho white curtains which had once hung before tho shuttered window. On the other hand, a host of knick- knacks remained to testify to the sex, the approximate age, and the measure of re- -finoment of tho ' lato owner. More rail way novels, all woll worn ; flower vases 'of un inexpensive kind; two hand mir rors, one broken ; a dream-hook ; a bow of bright ribbon; a handsome cut-glass scant bottle these things, among others, wane os suggestive as a photograph ; while tho fact that this room alono had .been'etudiousty left in its original state, mi cyenfnniuhcd in aopordiwco with it throw n new and more favourable light on the taste of that mysteriously interesting somebody whoso individuality made itself felt across a lapse of years to tho wonder ing newcomer. Olivia Denison wns not by any moans n fanciful girl. She had been brought up by a stepmother— a modo of education littlo likely to produce an unwholesome forcing of tho sentimental tendoucios. Sho was, besides, too athletic and vigor ously healthy to be prone to superstitions or morbid imaginings. But as sho «;ood straining her eyes iu tho fading da/light to take in overy detail of tho mysterious room, the panelling, whioh iu this apart ment alono was left its own dark colour, seemed to take strange moving patterns, as she looked; tho musty close air scorned to choko her ; the faint crcakings and moauings either in the ancient woodwork, or the loose-hanging ivy outside, grow in her listening cars to a murmur as of a voico trying to speak, and miserably failing to make itself understood. Sho was roused by a shrill cry, and found Lucy, whoso fear for her mistress had overcome hor fear of this desolate room, shaking her by tho arm, and pulling her towards tho door. " Oh, Miss Olivia, do come out — do come out! You'rogoingtofuint; I'm sure you arc. It's all this horrid room — this horrid liouso. Oh, do come, and write and tell the master it's not a fit place for Christians to como to, and he'd never pro- spor if ho was to come here, nnd nor wouldn't nono of us, I'm positive. Do come, Miss Olivia, there' a dear. ' It's lit to choke one in here, what- with tho rats and the damp, that it is. Anil if wo was to stay hero long enough we'd seo ghosts, I know." Olivia laughed. No phantom had ter rors for her, however strong au impression half- guessed realities might make upon her youthful imagination. "Don't he afraid, Lucy," sho said, encouragingly. ""We'll soon frighten tho ghosts away by letting in a little fresh air into these musty rooms. Here, help me." Half reassured by her resonant voico, the maid accompanied licr to tho larger window, still clinging to her arm, but moro for companionsiiip than with the idea of affording support to hor mistress, who hud rccovorcd her self-command. Together they succeeded in throwing open both windows to their full extent, not, however, accomplishing this without a shriek from Lucy as a groat bird flow out of the hanging ivy, and almost flapped against their faces in his confusion nt this unusual disturbance. They both folt a sense of relief as the koen but fresh outsido air blew iuto tho long-closed room, dispersing the mouldy, musty smell of damp hangings and decaying wood. Even the old woman, who had stood all this time in the doorway, apparently ongngod in muttering incantations ovor tho tallow dip, but really transfixed by this audacity of young blood, drew a long breath as tho rush of fresh nir reached her, and gathered courage to ask " what thoy were after doin' now." ""We're 'after' ransacking overy corner of thisoldghostrun, turning it upside down and inside out, and chasing away the last shadow of a bogey," answered Olivia, cheerily. " Here's another room to look into." Crossing tho room with n light step, sho opened tho door of the second of the closcd-up apartments. This cham ber had also escaped tho dismantling of the rest of the house, but it contained vory little that would have been worth taking away. It was lighted by three small windows, all much broken, and all hung with limp rags that had onco been muslin curtains, gaily tied by with blue ribbons, which were now almost colourless with dust and damp. The floor was covered with matting, which smelt like damp straw, and had evidently afforded many n meal to the rats now scurrying behind tho woodwork, which in this room was mnch decayed and in for from good repair. A plain deal table, from which the cover had been removed ; two limp wicker chairs with ragged cushions, an empty bird cage, a fanciful wicker kennel for a lap-dog, theso were nearly alL that was loft of the furniture. Olivia inspected everything with eager but silent interest, and then turned sud denly to Sarah "Wall, who had again followed them as for as tho door, prefer ring oven tho eerie passage of tho bedroom to solitude outGido. " Who lived in these rooms lost ?" sho asked. But the candle nearly fell from Mrs. Wall's hand as, for all answer, she with drew into tho desolation of tho desortcd bedroom rather than face the eager ques tioner again. Olivia was not to ho put off so easily. She followed precipitately, and, changing tho form of her attack, said — "How long is it since these rooms wero Bhut up, Mrs. Wall?" Tho guide's oyos shifted about, refusing to meet those of the young girl. " Two year ; same as rest o' t' houso," she answered, in a grumbling tono. " Only two years ? It wasn't shut up long beforo the family went away, then ?" said Olivia, incredulously. "Hot as Ah knaws on," answered Sarah Wall, Miss Denison hated an untruth with the .impetuous loathing of ,an honest nature. Sho would have liked to shako this wretched old woman, who would not he candid on a subject which could not bo of the slightest importance to her. Perhaps her companion got an inkling of this information, for she turned and heat a hasty retreat along tho narrow passago which led from . tho bedroom to the body of tho house. Olivia did not at oace follow her. With a curious reluctance, whether reverence for a dead paBt whose rolios sho was disturbing, or fear' of . some shook which its revelations might bring her, sho scarcely knew, the girl picked np ono of the dust- begrimed novels, and looked at the title-page. But there was nothing written on it. She opened thrco or four more of the novels with the Bame result. By this time it was growing so dark that ahe had to hasten her movements for fear -that when at last a clue was found sho might be unable to distinguish the letters. Having in vain examinsd every book upon the table, sho continued to explore until she found, on a small hanging book shelf in an obscure corner of tho room, a little pile of devotional works — Bible, hymn hook, _ Bogatsky's "Golden Trea sury," a tiny "Daily Portion," and a prayer-book. This lost was on tho top of all. As Olivia opened it, there f$ll to tho floor tiny driod scraps of flowers and fern. Turning to tho flyleaf, and carrying tho book in hasto to tho window, sho found those "'words .written' in 'a round schoolboyls hand— . " Ellon Mitchell, from her affectionato brother Hed." Aud a date of eighteen years back. \ Olivia replaced tho prayer book on the shelf, and left the old room without: f nrther delay, followed by Lucy, who had remained closo at hand, but discroetiy silent, during theso investigations. When thoy reached the outer ond of tho passage, Olivia glanced with somo curiosity at tho oldor door sho hail so roughly broken down, anil as sho did so; somo lotters, written in puncil high on tho upper panel, eaught her eye. With some difficulty she raado out a date in July 10 years beforo. " I wonder," sho thought, "whether that is tho date on whioh tho rooms wero locked up. If so, it was eight years beforo tho last peoplo left tho house, I know. And thoir name was Mitchell. Whom can I ask to tell mo tho story ? " And, having forgotten cold, fatigue, and hunger, in the interests of hor dis coveries, Olivia Denison mndo hor way slowly down to tho ground-flour again, where sho caught Mrs. Wall in tho net of slipping out at the front door. TO BE COSnNUKD TO-UOBBOW. 