A L EGEND OF "HAUNTED" GULLY. (Bγ WILLIAM SYLVESTER WALKER.) haunted no lon ger. The two original' prospectors who had named the place had been absorbed and hud been. ? absorbed, and almost, forgotten in tlio concourse of diggers, whose new log huts, claims, mid constantly agitated windlasses be spoke tho eviction of the "grnus loci, which was popularly supposed to brood over the. buried gold of this deop and densely-woodod ravine. French Billy had explained the early 'existing error attached to the locality, and I confess that the hitherto secluded spot was rifled of its charms as he did so. " You see," said ho, with much excite ment, ''Mhoso two fellows work like niggers, two-treo- week, when they go to the township and drink cognac, plenty —too much—-then eonio buck in tho ? night, fall down, roll down the gully, lose their swags-—then they; ?ay the place is hunted—ghosts take away their 'thiiu?.'--':.SVKrr.! they, get drunk, that's ?all. ????"".'. ";?::-?? /:??, y,: /?:?,?? /?':.= U' -V:---;- , Considering that Billy, on ? his first pilotage of myself, to the. Gully,. : hiul pointed out 11 swag reposing against, a tree, lmlf way down ono of the sides of the groat rift, Vhere ? it had apparently .been-brought to. a sudden stop in its ..downward ?':'career,'- and reflecting also that we discovered .? that same afternoon a now tin billy, a small bag of.flour, und a pick-bundle, , ak various points, und that when after infinite pains wo had ' carried these articles and our own tools to tho prospeotorV hut, half way upthe : other sido of iho ravine, .we '.had boon : received with smiles and uidimitod oflera of battle-axo, I caino to the conclusion that Uilly was'right. As to thn pros pootorn, they didn't care. Thoy wero on good gold, and had probably spreiid tho .report of ghostly thieves. to scam away intruders. But sticking so constantly to the same plnco was against -tiieni. Thoy wero watched and tho now rush began, headed by'oursi-lves. It was not ' long before our party of five had run up : a substantial log hut, and were living in, , clover, retiring to rest in our. bunks nt. night, liternlly tirod: oiit, uud-—oh, . rdelightful of unearthing Tthe largest liuggot ever heard pf. V ; . 11 With tho exception of never knowing ?"Jwliat 'Joininy,- ,, ''our.-now chum partner, 5 would b<! up tonexr, our lines'.. had. 'cindoed chance I upon pleasimh placi-s, Ijand when the pudding- machine.whs " finished w? coimideied that u-n should lift able to niakii plenty of tributi: niouKv',?'. -t-.von if our owiiuliiim liirind but. to bo a duller. ''?? :? ?'?''? . It. w:is no HinoeunvUiis looking|nfti>r .li- iiiiny. You couldn't trust, liini to work tor niont than ton-"iiiiniile.i at a . tinirt wii.lmut Hinging <lo>vn ; .hU hhovt-l and mulling oil" liko a -niniiiau to wnsli a prospect. Hit hud iilivitily Sft liro to th'u hut, mid hail diiiiiolisliiid . 11. valuable '[losauin rug in his ellurts to put it out agiiin. ilit had boiled all tlm horn handles nil'our'knives mid forks",'..:.mid.'" had got buslicd nino titiirs, when till hiinds had to turn nut with Lottle-hni tern? ta lind him. Our Sundiiyx wito ai>;i4-ral.ly;', ijiiii-t; .simintinma vtiriml. by ii lb'iift pinspisutirig walk witli'soni?HxpiTioiiced digger, who would read gold-sign in thu ruin runltitA like a book, and. buguilo tlio way with ilivcrs otorios of dijjyitig ; lifi',. and the evening generally .saw our. party, Koatnd in conclave, sometimes roudintr, some tiino? singing, but always ready to rush into tho ull- übsorliing topic—gold-lind ing, at tho nlightest hint from any oin. , . ? It was on tlidso occasions that our sanctum would bo invaded by diggers, with specimens—uujjgete, 'crystallised quartz, garnetsi, and r.ircons. Once I ? remember seeing two sapphires that had been picked out of tho tailings froni tho crudles, but we did not then know the value, or even the identity ef many of the stones —all hands wonlJ gather ?: round, and minutely examine them, and .yarns woulllbe spun of old days—-Ben iligo and Waltmlla old daye, until we felt reffeshoii and satisfied. At other times our Sundays would he uneventful until." Sauorkraut" dropped in to en liven thorn. Of course, Sauorkraut was Vnotiiis real name.-.-: No .one; ever owned up.to a real name on tho digginga— : " Bill tho Painter," ?* Jack, the Butcher," or "SwunhUl Jem," woro good enough for us. Wq always answered to them. '..I '..daresay,some of us forgot occasionally : both Christian and - surname,. or only surmisikl, in a sort of half .doubting won derment that wo. hud onctv owne,d .such a titlr-, together with ii silk liat and. a pair of glovoj, in v .'disatnnt and far-oil' fxist?nui?, as it were. Hans lliiupumnn was the namo givcn| by his gndfitther niid goduiothiir to'???.tho mdi? ? vidual in question, hut French Billy hud rechristi-ned him, under tin* in ilttcnco of kartell's .brandy, and the' cognomen had adhered .-like, sticking plaster. ..'?; ' " -. .With nil hin quaint, forpijjn ways, Siiuerkraut was beloved -in Haunted. Gully, No one: could look upon his' friendly, honest Teutonic face, beaming ?. tipon everyone, without feeling n-.thrill . ;of interest iii the man himself., lie had only one fault, ho was a victim to'deep .sinkijjg—-not i gold-mining! though he ' hnd oxperiencefla plethora of that alsn— 'but.he wuHgiviiri to sudden spasmodic outbursts of hard drinhing: -. '.;.-? "It tont muttrr boys," he Avould say, .when remonstriUKd with by : hiii'friends', '. who'had- pullf'd hii'n thiiiugh a sharp alcoholic attack. "It doht matter, I -?„ haf none left in devorldt to care for mc, , : and niein leetle frauloin she is te<l, and the.gross growgreen aboye.ber grave in de Liebenwaide, I see mine ? fault ;as well jis you, but it tont matter." ?:-'??;-. ? Sauerkraut had worked hia clnim with varying success, always hutting, or in other words, living alone. Good luolc invariably ended in a carouse, and be would omorgo from about as one who had .come back from the dead. ? He had, when debarred from bur society, two constant companions one inanimate, the other dumb. Yet from thn former he could evoke such sweot and solouin straine, that his solitude was soHtudu no longer, and many a digger, passing, his ruun hut on tho hillside after nightfall would p:iu'sn and listen, and . porch unco remarking to himself, with bated breath, that " Sauerkraut "was on the picolo again,".; stroll on in meditative mood. Thn other friend was a rough but sympathetic (log, named Schneider. As tvo'turned away ono night and de scended the zwjzng track down the gully the strains'of'the resuscitated man's flute stole gently on our. oars and senses, the.air, that sweet., pathetic, American melody,--'; ???.?/?:!'.?? ; ?._??? '..' ? '..... Way down lipnn ilc Swahheu rlber, '':'; . . Happy wnal.: ' ? ??'-. . ' seeming to incorporate itself with the rustling of the leaves and the'-.'chirp, of the treo crickets and to harmonise, with the twinkling stars and the perfumed summer evening until it added a solemn peaceful benediction upon the unbridled und rockhiss license of an, Australian digging camp. , ' ' Apprehending no evil.. consoquuuees we had left a bottle of three star Hcn nessy for him to taper on, for Sauerkraut was not , a constant, topor, and' once thoroughly recovored he would ' not touch tho fatal beverage for. months to gether. . .; ;: r. '..???. When I able to shoulder pick and shovel ho always worked hard again, and would often visit our log hut on Sun days, his eye bright and his hkin clear. Evon Schneider was a different dog on these, occasions, and dictated.aiid wrote out volumes of canine affection .on tho door with his tail. The only apprehen sion which ?cein to exist in Schneider's mind-—for > there is no doubt he pos suHsed one—WM3 brought into play by the sight of a bottle. Thon he shrank apparently into his shaggy akin, and be came more like a door-mat than a dog. A gleam of great pity crept into hie oyea, and his tail lay motionlnrs beside him. But Sauerkraut never touched a dram, after the first hospitable ofl'er we never sought to tempt him. Ho was very gratoful to us, and by desire would produce bis llute and' wliilo away th? time delightfully. Krom time to tiinn 'in* the. months und weeks rollfd on he 'would drop in casually, leaving Kome tinies a pi-Kseiit.nf wild honey fresh in tlin conil>, ?li others, v walhihy or abracti of wild duck. About three months.iiftnr. lliK occa sion to which J hit vis alluded S.iucrknint di- nppmirnd, and it wns conjnutured I hat lilH wandfi-ing hiibils had prevailed upon him 10 leavo the camp and prospect in "hoiiio le.nioti*. locality. Conjnctuio ?iiv<> phioH to'cirtuinty after,a visit to hii hut, M'liero it wius discovered that hii had taken. liis gun, pick;', .shovel, and s?vjig,' leaving :t iiotn tacked to tli? door containing the following information in his w?ll- knnwii German characters :— :?'?. IS-u^— l Imveft'iiic! to prospret . tliii Clcve lan.l lliiM'jtw aii.l iluii'i rcukoii tv lie back Cur n ? Tliiv only : way to these ranges lay through almost impenetrable ti-troo scrub, so thick that a track must bo cut with bill-hook or tomahawk, to givo one even room to crawl on all-fours through it. But us wn know the travellor would not havo to strike on to this peculiar country until a good half-day's journoy from Haunted Gully, so wo felt anxious no longer, and soon grew accustomed to the absence of our friond.* Ono evening, as we were sitting in cheery confabula tion, however, we were startled by the' sudden appearnnco of Schneider. Never before or eince has there bemi such a dog. Ho wa? footsore,- half . blind, draggled, torn, and'bleeding. .-??'.? Finding that'Sauei-kntut did not. turn up with him, as 'wo.-'expected, .we became nlnrmcd, the ruoro ro, us thu poor uaiinal appear od strangely nxcited, occasionally giving v low, moaning whine, and then n. series of short,' quick l>ark?. . Wβ fed liini,.ami _he d?voiirwl the.'foodraj?i- : oualy. Then ho drank oasor'y, but every now nnd then rushod'to thu door, and finally conducted himself in such an fashion that wn conuludud that.some accident had Imppnnctl to his niusier ; "ho getting y our liottlo lanterns wo' let him out,, littu as it was, and followed hii'ii. ? From our log cabin he went to liis master's ahotln.. Oniici thorn, with, nioio thin caiiiriu Kiigncity, ho ?howlisd-und rushed forward on the traulc leuding' away from it. Then (hushing Wnck. and barking. In; plainly sliowetl us .that we wero to follow. ? .Wo ?nM>rgnd from I ho gullies, pitfalls, nnd wnterfulls of the long dark hours on to n small plain. Uuforcusj kissed by tti'u sun, lay. the Clevoland Ranjjos some , ten miles oft". At tlio end of the plain, ' ti-trpo'?;scrub',iOBO,'- like .a. solid wall, Btrotehin#' nwiiy side ways and .ahead, as f.iras'thiy<Vyei could reach. The mist was rolling, away in phantom ooluuins. nnd we know.tliiit the work before, uu was no child's play. Schnieidor went . Riniigiit to the titree.- ?' For _.'the noxt hix iiiil?B'we .hirusfjled through a track ' freshly Out in: tho scruby in somo places having to crawl for long distunces ; but at length' gettiii"'through, stifl", cramped, )>ruiiicd, and utt rly .exhausted, we ciiinn .to tho watersh?il of? r lovely oreck, ?. fringed with flo\veriuj: eucalypti, ablazo with gorgeous parrojts. The dog took ua to a rudo bark gunyah.. lay Sauerkraut doad—a shot wound in bis In-east. In the stiffened fingers of ilia left hand wne:, his pocketrbook: open where '?' these lines werepencilled ;—"J have accident mit my giin. I fall—she shoot 'mc. Tn tlieorPek look. ..It is ruby tin —there is thousands." Here the writ- ? ing broke off.'' Death hxd claimed his victim. : Aud within .twenty ..yards,'of tho corpse, . (ho gleaming. laughing waters 'wantoned ovnr thn'very richest' Ktreain ' tin . ypt' discovered under this Southern Cross. '' .'...?.', :',. : ; ; . Vyhut Sauerkraut .had found, and perished in finding, proved to liea.mtne of wciilth to hundreds .of'dijfsera and speculate?, and on the spot* whero lie , died, a granite column, Hurroundrd by 'an iron. railing,.bears the ineriptioii :-r-. C HANS HAUPTMANN^o PbKSJIKU PiONEEII.AJa> FOVNDKK : ? ''..'-!'? ?:-; ???':'-??? ..-'? i. : -OP,;V-'-'??'? .'. Ai'-':.-' - , ? ? TOWNSHIP. ,0,/ , ??_[ '.? v lt .is needles* to say that wo took , caro of Schneider, butasvtiled melaii ? choly pervaded his being, and he becumo iv changed dog, and eno morning, on going out of tho hut, I found him pulseless, cold,' and still' in the cudy sun rays. ???"?., ''.- "- ? : . . '.- " , Hβ had been faithful unto death. 