THE BEGINNING OP THE END. Ooit telegraphic columns this morning contains a paragraph that attaches an ominous significance to matters -in the political world.'' .It was hoped that with returning strengLh Sir Henry Parkes would soon lie able to again gather up the .vault' ami file oil his time-sewing followers, and; by ' specious tactics— the exercise of which is characteristic of the party of freedom — succeed in dragging the Colonial Treasurer through his Budget speech on Wednesday evening next ; but now comes llic alarming news that the condition of the old political; warrior lias taken such an unexpected turn that it is not at all improbable lie will be compelled to lay down his arms for ever. It is an open secret that of late the Ministry have not been ; a liappy family; differences of opinion have existed ; snubs have been administered by the Premier,: in move quarters tlian one ; and altogether the thread by which the Cabinet is being held together is very fragile indeed. It is a question of doubt if, when delivering his Budget speech on Wednesday evening .next, the Colonial Treasurer will make his pro mised declaration of the financial policy which the Government intends to pursue iti the future. Whether or not the enactment oE such a farce will be at tempted we are not in a position to say, but certain it is that such a course of procedure would be the veriest produc tion of Hamlet without the Ghost. In face 1 of the fact that tlie Government have pledged themselves to the House- to bring down their financial proposals with the Budget speech, attempts are being made to coerce Mr. McMillan into setting aside the financial policy of frectrado in its true sense until next session, and main taining their status quo us regards tho fiscal policy. , It is all very well for Sydney freetrndo journals to insist that there must, be no dissolution, and urge in justification oE' their insipid advice the wanton recklessness that would attach to any government plunging, the country into the ferment of a general election in the midst. of an unprecedented commercial and industrial crisis that prevails. They know very well what there is confronting tho Govern ment if their financial proposals are brought down in tho manner intended by Mr. {McMillan,- and their howl of ' No dissolution ' comes simply as a cry of, distress. At, tho present time our voveniie is 'made up to the ex tent of over £2,000,000 by customs house returns, and when we consider that this source of raising money to assist in meeting current expenditure is to be swept away by one strike of the pen, it is evident the Government, will find it encumbent upon them to look round for some other means of taxation by which the deficit niav he made good. Nothing short of a land nnd property tax will meet tho exigencies of the case, and in imposing these it is very evident what the Government will find itself opposed to : A united opposition, nearly equal in point of numbers to those on the Ministerial side of the House, with their rank being rapidly swelled by those whose purse strings would have to be unloosed by the operation of a Land and Property Tax. There is nothing else for it, and tho Government have to choose the lesser of two evils. Their position is em barrassing in the extreme, and in face of Sir Heniy Parkes' alarming condition it is highly probable that there will be a complete backing down on Wednesday j evening next. : , ' Meantime protectionists should lose no time in buckling on their armour. The fight is near at hand, and if they this time allow themselves to go into the field in a state of unpreparcdness, they will have no one but themselves to blame should they meet defeat. 