WI ID OATS. A light struck, like a knife, through the gloom. Then there was darkness again. A muffled cry. Then silence. In a moment the man removed his hand from the woman's month. "Don't scream. I have no intention of hurting you. I am not here to steal; I am hiding. If you make a sound, if you alarm the hcuee, I am a lost man." Soddenly the moon, isnsuing from under a cloud, threw a pale beam over the place where they stood. The woman-she was only a pale, slight girl-could not ece the intruder's face distinctly-a face haggard, determined, desperate. What intuition had made him speak as he had ? At the supreme orises of life there sometimes come these illuminations. He was an unknown man, fleeing for safety or for life and making his way by main force in the dead of night into the outskirts of a strange house. Yet all the girl said, after looking at him a moment, was: "How did you get here?" "I vaulted over the outer wall. I repeat that if you make a sound 1 am a lest man." He made no other appeal to her; yet she continued motionless, notlialling;- only trembling a little from excitement.: "You can't hide here," she then said. " You will be found: you can go out of the house door if that will help you." He did not answer and she turned mechanically to lend the way. The bar of moonlight accompanied them, piercing the interior of the dark, wide rooms. She moved noiselessly, a white, shadowy .figure, and the man followed. She might be-she probably was-helping a felon to escape. The thought went through her brain. lBut she soundlessly drew aside the flistening of the heavy door; the silver-tinted sea lay without, heaving, with long breaks,' in sleep. "There is the road to. the open country," she Eaid. It stretched aory like a white ribbon, in definitely, into the night.'. Again he answered nothing. Only, as he passed. through the door, he turned and looked at her. - For days thi' tropic sea had been of a dense, deep, unclianging cobalt blue. ;Winds were light; the sky arched above..likesa dome of unclouded sapphire. To Rosalys the past and the' future ppeared alike to have become ieriged, in a -distant, EOft, silver hare. But then this was natural; for Rosalys was to be married shortly after the vessel reached port. After spending' two years in the Australian wilds she'was return ing home. And the man to wlom: she was to give herself -was returning with her. "It will seem strange to .you-the life of civilisation-after the otber sort of life you led so long, and 'the freedom of it," she would say to him as they slowly paced the deck together underethe lnminous Southern stare that seemed to hang above them like golden lamps : . But Storrman never made any direct reply. IfHe talked little at any time of his past; he acknowledged that he had been rather wild when he first took to'the Aus tralion bush. PIrhbpi that. she thought, was the reason for his reticence. In general he did not say much about himeelf. ?But his bold eyes Icobed down upon her tenderly and he pressed her slender arm with a lover's passion. In truth, she had never seemed so lovely to him as in. these days with the ocean winds in her palo gold hair arid the infinite blue of sky: and sea reflected in deeper shades under, the long fringe of her dark lashes. 'And he said to himself that he loved her, loved her cxtremely. She was charming and he saw no reason to regret that he had become engaged to her. She was rather poor, to be sure. But' then he' himself had enough fr' both. Lit him only get full in the stream of civilised life again a man's identity was never so lost as in a crowd-eand iith money 'and a pretty and winsome wife, whit could he more deeire? All those results appeared: imminent now. He was conscious, as every day took them farther from one shorec and nearer to another, that.the sense of approachibg a ioal goal. brought a restless- impatience -with it. iBy Heaven 1 It was a lucky day for a man; the day in which "ie felt that' he had hurfind his ships behind him I:, Bfiiied them so crisply to 'the la.t :cinder that niot the most spectral ghost could' ire up from their ashes.-: SLtrrman did not expect to he troubled with ipectres. , And yet he saw one; It -as late oice afternoon on' deck; a.hot and heavy 'sElillne had falepn over the sea. The evening 'sky had an almost ominious splendor and depth of blueness. The sunset had flamed itself away, leaving one crimson banner of cloud stretching upward like a pointing arnger. Storrman was alone; he' had wandered forward negligently;among the second cabin passengers And there; looking down, he came upon a partly recum bent figure turned motionless toward the sea. - The man had drawn the cap lowe dowr over his eye.i. What a resemblance I ' The next instant he had glanced up; this -vaa no simple resemblance. They looked at each other and neither' moved for the space of a moment. 'Storrman.was the first to un. leek hi drylips.: ',You are here ?' ,How-" his voice ap peared to strangle in his throat. The other had not changed color by a shade. . "You are surprised to see me," he said slowly. "Well, I suppose it is natural that you should be; it is exactly five years since we parted. The five years--have made 'a difference too." His dark eyes travelled leisorely over Storrman's appearance-an' appearance faultless and immaculate, the appearance of the successful man of the world. Then with a cynical somethiig that' was .like a emile they dropped to himself-shabby, seedy, a .second.class passenger,: nothing more. Storrman watched him with a blanching face. "Do you intend to talk? To tell what you know? How have you been on board all this time without my seeing youl?" "I was pretty well knockled up when re left port; low fever or somcthingoftthiiat sort. I had to take my bunk anid sty-tliere.' As to talking-as to telling the truth-what do you think ?. It etrikes me that this might bea good moment." Ite spoke impassively, not removing his eyeas from those of the man standing before him. " . " Good heaven,Horst, have somepity !.I am engaged to be married. The girl is here -on board-at this instant--" ' - "Ah I it would be even a betier i moment than I thought, then, would it'not? Your gains have made you rich, your identity has been successfully sunk out of sight you are about to win a presumably gool girl for your wife. Tee, I think the msoment would bewell chosen for bringing yon to book. As to pity, did you show me any? What am I to be moved to compassion for ? Because you let me rot in a prison five years? I ooght to despise you too much to get ven. geance out of you; but I don't. I have waited for this hour fer five years; I have dreamed of it, planned forit. When I got out to the light of day again I tracked you, uonndyou, followed you on board this ship. It wasn't easy work'finding yonueither. The highly respectable Roger Storrman of to-day has obliterated every trace of his identity with the John Rogerson of five years ago, who was a forger, a thief and a felon-" " Hsh-for God's sake, hush r" "'At last Horst went on, unperturbed, "fate has put you onder my hand. Do you think I shall let you slip 7'" Thei last word died abruptly upon his lips. A woman's slight figure was moving slowly along the deck, the last glow of the suneet was behind her. Her eyes fixed on Storr. man and a balf smile parted her lips. The man leaning back against the roll :of cor dage at his feet she did not notice at all. He was, to her censuaol glance, a hbabby, second-cabin passenger with whom. Storr man had been kindly enough to enter into cnuraory talk. "I hasve been waiting for you," she said, with a deepening of the adorable smile on her lips. She slipped her arm through Stoerman'a and they moved away together. And the man left behind watched the two re. treating forms motionlessly, breathlessly. This was the girl whom Utorcman was about to marryl The last flame of red had faded out of the sky and the stars were coming faintly out. The still heat had grown more still and a dense bank of cloud was forming slowly against tho horizon The zaptain passed, his cap low over his eyes, a brooding frown in the latter. A sailor watohed the horizon. And still Ilorst did not move. He had gone back five, ten years, in his life There had been wildmoments of early youth that had brought regret, ard then a bitter reaping of auch wild oats in forther and perilous recklessness. How had Storr man and he first fallen in together? It had been shortly after his own coming to Aus. tralia,' Storrman, sprung from nothing, vicious to'the core, with naught but his ani mal good looks and his unbounded audacity to serve him, had aroused the younger man, and, while Hiorst was half contemptuous of him, perhaps had influenced him as well. The one was utterly unscrupulous; the other, with all his recklessneEs, a man of honor. And Storrman, conecionus of the dif ference, of the indistinct, the irritating superiority, had hated his boon companion. Horst had known it and had not cared. "He would serve me any scurvy trick," he said to himself coolly. And a time came when his foresight was vindicated. By a arrange combination of circumstances, Storrmea, who had forged, found himself one day in a position to cover himself by falsely accusing and involving Horst. He did both. Ile vanished, leaving no trace behind him. IIorst, the law at his heels, made a deseerate flight by night. To a pale, frail young girl, white in the light of a summer moonbeam, he had owed a temporary escape. But be. fore many days he had been tracked, cap tured and imprisoned-evidence not being complete against him-for five years only. Now the five .years were over. And in one day he had seen the man and the woman with whom his every thought in those five years had been associated-the man'whom he hated and on whom. ho had sworn to avenge himself, and the woman whom he loved, forby'one of the strange mysteries of human passion, Horst, reckless, careless, cynical, had come' to love this girl, seen but once, radiant as an -angel- of mercy and of whose name even hewas ignorant. And she it was whom his enemy was to marry I 'A.sudden guet of wind tonr his cap from his eyes. There was a rushing sound in his ears. HIe stggered to his feet. Thesea had turned over all its expanse' a dense, oily green, deepening'in the trough of the waves to a gray :blackness. What awful change had come:over that smiling nature - that infinite blue that had subaisted for so many days?: The force of the hurricane, of the fierce, tropic storm, .buret over the ship 'a few seconds later. It had grown swiftly, densely dark. The orders'of the captain rang faintly through the roar and hiss of wind and wave. Then, after a tiine-was it minutes or hours -there same another change. The fury of the storm had spent itself.. Buot the vessel had sprung a leak and was sinking..: A wildrush for the boats, cries of.women, oaths of men. And then-who shall say by what supreme instinct-Horst found him self struggling through the frantic press of dying souls near to the side of- Rosalys and his arm about her. A flash of: lightning il lumined her still, white face, strangely com posed and quiet, and Storrman's distorted with terror, elbowing women out of his way like a beast, looking only for the. boats for his own safety, forgetful of all else.. Already Horst had lifted Rosalya in his arms. ' " Stand back," he cried fiercely. And the last boat was launched, and Resslys had a place of eafetyindt. There was another forward lurch, and then it was seen-that:the women had all been transferred to the boats. And now there was room for only one more-a man. They stood side by ide --Horet and Storr mann. Which shoulditbe ? . It was the woik of a second ' Should he take his revenge now? It lay in his grasp. With one bound he could leave Storrmen behind him to face death Who shall tell the temptations of that infinitesimal fraction of time?. SThen eomething that had survived through the wriek of much that had been noblest in the'nhsi e erted itself. Ile stepped back. Storrmiriwasisaved -At the gate of a-small cottage in a quiet town, a girl, dressed simply in black, waited toward the close of the day. It was Rosalys,. and ahe was changed. Something of the luminous yorng eoftes's had gone out of her eyes; in them -was a graver depth. She was a little older, a little more serious. One dread experience may add years to the life' Rosalys waited for a step to approach tlroogh the dusk, and -finally it ceme. _It -was-that of a mar, and Itsealys flushed and grew -iale; then a stillnees fell over her., Hs was standing before her now; he bad oine for his anawtr; but he did not ask for it, he did not plead.- His eyes were downcast. He was like a culprit before a judge. . Suddenly Ehe extended her hand. He raised his eyes and saw hers, through the gloaming, diffused with tender tears of love. . - - ,If you have only pity for me," he be gan. 'Pity I No I Orpity and somethingelse -yes. When you abdicated your own chance of life for a man who had done yo'u nouch harm; when you cocquered your.desire for revenge and yourself, you did that which more than atoned for the follies and eins of a reckless youth. And now you have told me that you love me. You know that I mourned that mao-Roger Storrman. But I-knew nothing of his pset. Now 'I do know--" - She paused and Horst looked at her.. For, it was Hfort. Iow Storrman had been lost that night of the wreck da year before and Horst saved was one of the'mysteries of that awful- bour. Hoist only uemembered that when he had stepped back to give Storrman hischance of life, there bad euddenly been a rush ofieaters. in his ears, folldowed by a serging blackness aronud him. Madly he had thrown a- clutch out at something, and then he.found himself olisging to the side of the boat., : : Everything between that moment and the hour when the boats were taken up bya sail ing veesel the next diy was a blank, but of which there started distinctly one' remem. brance -only-the Eight of tosalys's white faeo, still quiet, still composed. He had cbme back to eivilisation to find himself the beir tta small fortuhe left him by a distant relative, to whom his wild career in Au.s tralia bad been unknown. And he had come baeckto more-to a desire for a respectable life, -emphasised a thousandfold by the love which had now grown into-a holy pas eion.': At this instant a great and wondious hope of love returned arose in his heart. Trem blionghe put it from him. "But thinlk what my life has been? Think-". . "I think only that I love you," was the simple answer. Theno she emiled sadly, divinely. " No more -: wild oats I" she said. ? - 