NOTES AND NEWS. HOME AND FOREIGN. Rev. Andrew Gardiner, who made himself notorious in New South Wales by sitting with a female member of his congregation and leaving a wife to mourn his acn>once,~is advertised to preach in 'Frisco. " The service," runs the notice " will be of unusual interest, as Mr. Gardiner will speak on an important and interesting Ulomo." i j Mr. D. Christie Murray, interviewed, at Christchurch (N.Z.) relative to his comedy drama, Czernin, said " I have given the original manuscript of Chums to Sir George Grey, who accepted it, say- ing 'I shall present tins to the Auckland Library. I am not flattering you when I say that it is very valuable and would be so eminent wa ettie poorest thing ever written, for it is the first thing ever done by an Englishman of letters for New Zealand." An English lady resident in Syria reports the following interesting dis- every in the neighbourhood or Boy rout :-" in a village about one hour's ride from the great French road between Beirut and Damascus was found a bedstead made of gold and silver, and inlaid with precious stones. An inscription upon it in English characters states that it belonged to Eleanor, Queen of England., The bedstead was discovered in a little recess dug out for the purpose within a natural cave, and must have been placed there for security when Edward I left the East in 1872. The Turkish Government has taken possession of the treasure trove, though the prevail- ing opinion in the district seems to be that it should remain the property of the man on whose land it was found. Itxvouldbo interesting to know what the Turks propose to do with it. But if the inscription calls Eleanor Queen of England, the words cannot have been placed upon it before Edward left Syria, us he did not hear of his father's death until he reached Italy. There can, however, be little doubt that the bedstead has been buried in the earth for the last six centuries. The Government of Saratov', Russia, sells each year to the people an immense quantity of tar for use in their business. All the sales are on credit, and, as the peasants can neither read nor write, the account of each is kept by means of certain signs made with the tar upon his doorpost. pay-day comes every autumn, and then only are the doorposts of SaratolT washed clean until a new account is started. A bill, which has been introduced in the House of Lords by the Bishop of Peterborough, contains some startling proposals' ' It is called "An Act to Amend the Law Relating to Insurance on the Lives of Children," and provides that whenever a working-man is entitled to a sum of £8 from his club or society upon the death of a boy under 14 years or a girl under 16, this money, shall not be paid to him, but to some undertaker, who by the bill is bound to spend the whole sum upon the funeral, and will be guilty of a criminal offence if he hands over any balance that may remain to the father. What can this blundering bishop be thinking of to make it criminal to pay a doctor or a nurse out of insurance money ? ' ' Edwin Arnold, who is spending some months in Japan preparing a companion, poem to his Light of Asia," has been strangely reunited with his long-lost son. The poet is accompanied by his daughter, Miss Arnold, who received information that her brother, who has been lost to the family for six years, was in Yokohama harbour. She secured a boat and interpreter and pluckily set out into the harbour, hailing every vessel until she came upon an English captain who know her brother, who was third mate on a steamer. She found him out, and when Sir Edwin arrived a touching reunion took place, The brother had been trained for the British Navy, but had failed, and had run away to bett, drifting about the world until he brought up in Australia, where he fell in love and married, but was forced to go to Sea again to earn a living. Cyrus W. Field is said to wear two watches. One, an elaborate chair, valued at £500, is worn to please a friend who presented it to him, and the other, an ordinary gold watch, is worn to tell the time or day. He does not use-the fine watch for fear of being thought too showy. ' 'The'Board'of"Aldermen of Boston has passed a resolution in regard to the licensing of theatres in which a clause has been inserted providing that only theatres shall receive licenses which give each alderman a pass for the whole season. ' Maori litigants are learning quickly and perhaps not without cause the expenses of law and dealings with lawyers. A member of the profession in one of the leading law offices in Auckland recently related to a Herald reporter an instance of this " 'ware hawk" caution. 'A native chief entered the lawyer's office and was politely, asked to sit down, the blind lawyer looking benevolently over his spectacles and pointing to a chair. But the Maori evidently had some experience of lawyers' bills, for looking suspi Icioubly at his legal friend, he asked, " How much you charge me for sitting down,?" A hearty laugh was the response, but the native would run no risks and continued standing during the interview, Mr. Joseph Jefferson, in the Century, has reached one of his most interesting stories how he came to play Rip Van Winkle. More than 30 years ago he went with his family to spend some time at a queer old Dutch farmhouse inj'aradiso Valley, at the foot of Pocono Mountain, in Pennsylvania and on wet days, lying on the hay in the barn, he read "The Life of Washington Irving." Of course he came across much about Rip Van Winkle, and he says, " There was to me magic in the sound of the name as I repeated it." Adaptations had been played before, but never with any marked success ; however, he got together three old printed versions of the drama, all in two acts, and set to work. previously to which, however, he had reversed the ordinary course of procedure by ransacking theatrical wardrobes for old leather and mildewed [ cloth, getting together his wigs. and looking out his makeup, Then he wrote his play, but in three acts, making the scene with the ghosts an act by itself. Mr. Jefferson writes of this ;-" By far the more important alteration was in the interview with the spirits. In the old versions they spoke and sang I remembered that the effect of this ghostly dialogue was dreadfully human, so I arranged that no voice but Rip's should be heard. This ethically act on the stage in which but one person speaks while all the others merely gesticulate, and I was quite sure that the silence of the crew would give a lonely and desolate character to the scene and add to its supernatural weirdness.. By this means, too, a strong contrast with the single voice of Rip was obtained by the death- like stillness of the demons as they glided about the stage in solemn silence. It required some thought to hit upon just the best questions that could be answered by a nail and shake of the head, and to arrange that at times even Rip should propound a query to himself and answer it but I had availed myself of so much of the old material that in a few days after I had begun my work it was finished." The Roman father (says St. ,/ajii<'s' Gazelle) still possess the independence, if not the dignity, of their classical ancestors. Koine is practically bankrupt 2 and, by way of helping the city out of its difficulties, the italian Government is proposing to take over and finish certain public works. This , would take away from the honour and glory of the Town Council and glory is what the modern Italian thirsts for.' i When they heard of this shameful proposal, 03 out of 61 members of the Council resigned. The exception was Signor Monott i Garibaldi, men he refused to join the others in their petulant determination not to play any more the Gwabegar. Everybodywentouintoa'Sfnp frenzy. Even the reporters took sides and one of them threw an inkpot at another with whom he did not agree. The air grew dark with missiles and chairs, which are so useful for training political opponents, began to be (laughed. Then the Mayor, like a latter-day Cromwell, sent for a file of soldiers to clear the hall. By that time the councillors began to feel better. Besides, they had used up their pocket handkerchiefs to staunch the gore that flowed from their wounded noses, and, having no more fight in them, Other soldiers were withdrawn. Some will perhaps now have the excitement. of electing a new council. From Melbourne Punch :-AYhal's! in a name i A writer recently in Harper's Magazine told a story of Shakspeare's Hamlet being performed at Newcastle, Pennsylvania, in the year 18,05, under the elaborate title of The Grave. Tyrol ; or, The Ghost's J'itious Tale of Horror by W. Shakspeare, Esq. The title was supposed to be more taking with that particular town than, the usual title of Hamlet. This, however, is certainly beaten by the following, which occurred in our own Daylesford, Victoria in the year 1850. The diggings in that town were at the portion most prosperous, and a company started from Melbourne to appear at the Daylesford Theatre in Shakespeare's Hamlet, which had been largely advertised, but at night, alas ! the theatre was nearly empty The manager, who himself played Jlunilct, was equal to the occasion, and at once announced that the company would appear the next night in an entirely new and original play, entitled The Prince, the Ghost, and the Graved layer. The theatre was full and not one of the large audience knew that they had witnessed Shakspeare's tragedy of Hamlet. Daylesford to-day is a thriving town with churches and chapels and a State school holding 1,000, so that we four that pass barefaced swindle, in thus changing the name would' not now answer. , , An Australian lady now in London how the Prince of Wales for theorist time, during the military manuvres at Aldershot, She says, " Well, he is not a bit nice to look at. He is tremendously stout and sits all over his horse, but he seems, a genial, loud talking, jolly sort of man not the least bit dignified, and altogether unlike what I had imagined. The Duke of Cambridge has a much finer presence. General Sir Evelyn Wood is a living wonder ; he attends to every detail in person, and is here, there and every where at about the same time" The Aubli allans like his break-neck style of doing things; the Englishmen evidently don't, for, judging from the cables, The British soldier is striking work everywhere. , Writing in her journal ICVis/mif/foii, Miss Kate Field tells the following story of Miss Dorothy Tennant, now MI'K. H. M. Stanley One day, when seeking a model, Miss Tennant discovered a likely subject in tho shape of a crossing sweeper, and while conduct- ing him to Richmond Terrace she met her family's, old friend Mr. Gladstone, (greatly amused at her companion, the Grand Old Man exclaimed ; "Who's your friend?" Then and there the crossings coper, much to his dismay, was presented to the "People's William On entering the Tennant mansion this urchin was tremendously impressed by the liveried servant "who had opened the door, and after looking back at him several times, whispered mysteriously to his kindihobtess : " I say, miss, why does your big brother wear brass buttons ?" Always thoughtful, Miss Tennant first led her charge to the servants' hall, where she sat beside him as he played havoc with the well-filled dishes placed before him. At the conclusion of his ropitbtMibbTcniian asked the boy how he liked it. "Proper!" replied the crossing sweeper. "Yer mother do cook prime !" Many were the passages traversed before reaching the servant's hall a fact which made a deep impression on the modol-that-was to-be, who at lost said " How many rooms yer got?" On being told, the unbelieving gaming retorted : " Gar'n, yer kiddie !" " How many rooms have you ?" inquired Miss Tennant. _ "Two." And how many are there in your family " " There's eight ous. There's father the mother, and the two girls in one, room an' mean' no other Bill an' granny and' the pup in other. ' Circumstantial stories respecting the existence of an " International Heiress Agency" in New York are' again in circulation. The very latest announcement on this subject is to the effect that one Auton Silver, of VienmvluiH written to a New York lawyer, asking him to procure American wives-with large fortunes for two Austrian princes and several office in the army, all of whom are willing to pay the middleman a liberal commission. The, lawyer's not disposed to go into the heiress business. When one of the up-country railway lines in Victoria, was opened the other day, an old fellow from the back blocks turned up at the terminal station, and said, " My name is Hobart Loveridge. I live at Poverty Flat. 1 want a second class return ticket to Melbourne !" He was told the amount he had to pay, and given the ticket, but was not satisfied, demanding to have his name and address booked by the Stationmaster, and a receipt given him. This man had never seen a railway before, having been up country continually for over 30 years. His notion was that he should be given as much writing. for his money as though he were booking a passage to England. There is no end to the possibilities of an American census. So much depends upon the counting. "We know that it is the custom at American elections to vote early and vote often, and that great principle is, it would scqiu,,being applied to Ihooounling of the population There is a legend that an in portant bill once passed the House of words because a very fat lord was jocularly counted as live, and nobody noticed it. This is the kind of thing that is being done in America (so the wicked allege), only it is not being done jocularly. The twin cities of St. Paul and Minneapolis have been hot rivals ever since they were invented and because the census shows Minneapolis to have one-fourth more people in it than St. Paul, her authorities are charged with "padding the returns." We may expect presently to hear something of the sort about Chicago. We read that she has got the population up to 1,080,000 and lins 100 officials still counting." They have only to go on counting long enough to place Chicago in the coveted position of second city in the runaway, a hundred officials of an Amè-i-fcaiTiiiunicipulity ought to be, able to do anything they like with figures. It is exacted i them.. ^_______^_mmm 