? Ou» modern civilisation baa devised many jnovel methods whereby those who or wives; ban that, amongst those dents or matrimonial i tlier, it would to fate has been ' m Srkable conjunction -of circumstances, that described " in ' tlieiFoltowinë narrft- ( tive. . Every link in this singular chain j mas forged by superstition, and yet, as 1 tilings turned out, all ended happilyT J Many years ^ there lived at _ thé little j 1 village of ^ Bakewell, ~ " in Derbyshire, - - - a quiet labouring family of the name of j Arnold. The old man and his wife had one daughter, Annie, a bright-eyed, dark-haired work, and was therefore a great support to h er j father sudmother.- She conld imanage farm- j work of most sorts, and when that was not j to be' h&d;,' she would'find something to j employ herinaneighbouring mine. Neces-1 8anly she came into contact with a good j many of the rougher ..sex, and, being good- natured, willing girl, had already made several conquests over their susceptible hearts, but had never yet seen the one die would have liked to many. ' Y In those days, superstition was at its height, and any difficulty that wanted solving was submitted.to the power of spells for divination. Most of the ignorant implicitly believed in their efficacy, and practised them'to a great extent. 'Annie was no exception, and, young though she was, sh e had a strong desire to know her future fate. Once .Bhe had even exhorted a priest who passed that way to solve the eecret for lier,.. bût he warned her not'to tompt the Virgin or pry into the unknown. Gipsies "had : told her fortune, but it wag never fulfilled. All manners of charms and incantations had she tried, yet without success ; but for all this she did not despair, and placed as much trust in every succéeding trial as she had done in the first On St. Thomas's Eve, she took the prescribed but unpoetical large red onion, and stuck nine pins in it, according to the custom. This she did by making a little circle of eight of them, and placing the ninth in the middle, naming it "true love." Th is she put under her pillow, and repeated the all-powerful verse :— " Good St. Thomas, do me right, Send me my true love to night, In his clothes and his array. Which he weareth every day." That night, in happy dreams, she Baw the young man who was to be her future husband ; but the features were strange to her, though he wore labouring clothes. Ever after, she looked intently at every fresh face, to discover a likeness to her vision, but without success. When New Tear's Eve came round, she invited some of her young friends to come and join in merry homely pastimes. All sorts ®f curious games they played, and the pleasant joke passed freely round in a manner that would put to shame many of the sham, cold, and uncomfortable receptions of the present day. As a conclusion to the evening's entertainment, Annie brought out a large substantial dish, filled with what 1 was called a cold posset, of her own making, It was made of milk, ale, eggs, currants, I and spice; and lastly, but not least, her I mother's wedding-ring was thrown in, ! Then each guest took a ladleful out, and in so doing attempted to catch the ring. J for whoever did so was certain to be married before the next year was out. Whether Annie had prepared it with a charm or not, certain it is that she was the lucky one who fished up the ring; and loud were the congratulations on all sides, for she was much beloved by her companions. These repeated predictions only increased her curiosity, and she lost no opportunity of further solving her destiny. On St. Valentine's Day, therefore, she peéped through the keyhole before opening the outer door, in the hope of seeing two or more persons, in which case she would have j a sweetheart very soon. But better still, she saw a cock and hen, which denoted, according to Derbyshire belief, that she would be married before the year was out. Everything seemed to concur in promising her married felicity that year, and yet, inquisitive girl, she did not know who. was her sw^tneèr|i sure it was «ooée site had ever pï her dream was totally different from any She conld remember. ~ ' Thus time went on, and she was no wiser than ever. Midsummer Eve had arrived, and she determined to carry out a bolder project than any she had before attempted, to confirm her former dreams. It was one which very few girls dare do, and the last, one that had performed it five years before was " a wild runaway -çtliom thêy did not care to emulate. But Annie wag a brave girl, and dared to attempt it for her own satisfaction. Here parents were not averse to it, but let her have her own way, foreseeing no harm ; they placed great-trust in the girl, and so feared nothing. The charm she intended to perform was this: to go to the churchyard at midnight, and when the clock struck twelve, to run a similar number of times round the ch urch, repeating : " I sow hempseed—hempseed I sow, He that loves me best, Come after me and mow." The figure of the young woman's lover is then supposed to appear and follow hen As the -time approached she felt rather nervous ; but being a girl of good spirit, sbe braced herself up for the occasion,- and at half-past eleven o'clock bade "trood-nighfc" to her father and mother, with a cheerful heart. . Although su perstitious,-she was not afraid, and h2d often gone 'at night to j aces where a~man would rila have I to venture near. But a churchyard at midnight is not a veiy congenial spot,' though upon this night the moon shone brilliantly, and she could seethe old church quite plainly in the distance. Though fancying she saw figures flitting here and there as the moon was temporarily obscured j by the white fleecy clouds, she went on un- J daunted till she reached the little porch, and the gate creaked open at her touch. Though she was alone, and almost wishing she had not come, lier curiosity and pride resolved her. She waited uneasily tifi the j old bell clanked -•--•-• - ghost!ysi{ wind rust- trembling witii excitenrenC^teM s etoppedand looked intentiy-at ^ e s l i a d o w Of a t3l shrub where she thought she saw some bodily form. Her imagination was so strong that she could make out the features she had seen in her dream'; but the moon gleaming forth at that moment, dispelled the illusion. Vexed with her disappointment, Bhe again sped on, construing every j a times, tod was despairing of suc-1 i sess, when in the moonlight she saw, this j lime quite plainly, the figure of a young man whose face seemed to resemble that of her dream. Jle -wore Ordinary working clothes, and vas -$r$&c3iij;?g lier in intense excitement. It was no'ghost bfit a real live human being. . She stoppé breathless, while the young man, seemingly desperate, walked towards her. She did not recoil, but "waited Ins approach. Nearer and nearer he came, ana all his features appealed familiar to her. At last he touched her, and the fascinating spèll was broken ; .both were then perfectly certain* of the other's bodily existence. His was > an honest, frank face, and she trusted him instinctively. He was delighted with her modest beauty; and a series of mutual «xplanatioos followed ; and after" a little difficulty l>e fathomed the secret of- the blushing girj. Both considered it a decree of fate that theylifld fcliusmet, aiidplighted their happy troth in the did churchyard, senlingit with a^imje-lionopred kifes. * . Hi6 a^j^jéarancej howeysr. at the church was due to an entity different cause, whicfr he explained to Annie as he joyfully led hep to hep home. His name was Richard Random, and jtë lived at the little Tillage of Sheldon, four miles off; but curiously enough Jbad never before seen Annie or she nun, though Jte had been to Bakewell several times before. JSe had been suffering acutely from the philosonbydefyiug pain, toothache, for a long time, d had unsi'ccessfyilly tried many jnéans tocureifc. The last cure hel)«4 <^^anirted wafftone peculiar to IJêjrbyeliiJp, Vie paiq being supposed to beWuWd bv a worm— an old belief mentioned bv^Sliskespeare in JIveA Me tAoitt jfotkmp, rJTo «ïtnwst 'it tlipy haye recojjrse to a curions metjiodï a ^ à l 'of and jwfi-derai I herbe is placed in a ]*&e; as Ji can fee borne. Hien. 1 the patient es hard into another cup full of water, when it Is the grub or worm can be seen in the .-yThis, how- «•' ' ' ' " success, én » him of ittthàt , ^ called toothadiein theBe |>^ta. L .:^rheho: charm was this : The patient mttsfrg&fff; _ churchyard at midnight and Mte a tooth from an old skull, and the pain wouldleave him "for ever. We have séènhow he came to the churchyard, and how doubtless his 'lov< iin" left him, and by a much more, e process. He had seen the girl round the clitma"i<fiigl3efôlcé*1ïS it, and bad jyondered what it could Then he remembered the old Derbyshire custom on Midsummer Evë, and deterj mined'to flndoutwhether it waS A spectre or not. The rest Annie knew, and how agréeably ' both had been surprised ; and when they arrived at her home, matters were explained to the entire satisfaction of alt Y|t was such coincidences as these, and sustained SuT old.beIief in the^<^toms and superstiaons. Many of the ullage girls were now ambitious to try--this sovereign sweetheart charm, and for some years after the churchyard at Bakewell presented â lively "spectral" appearance on each Midsummer Eve. Annie's curiosity was now satisfied, and three months* after her strange rencontre she was married to Richard Random at the ancient church she had so successfully circled, r Loud and Icing were the acclamations -of joy that were raised in the village, and Hie old bell clankfed With a merrier tons, than ifc had ever done before. "All rejoiced tïiàt Annir was happy, though many wreaths of flowers were hung on the doors of her unsuccessful j lovers, according to Bakewell custom. ~ It only remains : — to ~add AA that Annie *— became a dutiful wife, and took èvents as they came, without attempting to peer "too far into the future; while Richard Random was nfever again troubled with the toothache or "love pain." 