" THE CHURCH. What is the true Church? What is it' like ? What- are its marks ? ' Where is it to be found-? : The Lord Jesus Christ declares, ' Upon this rock I will build. my, church, -and the gates of hell shall not orevail apainst it." There are -five things in these words which demand our attention : — ' A building ; a builder ; a foundation j perils ; security. A building is mentioned. The Lord Jesus Christ speaks of "My church." Now what is this church ? Few. in-- quiries can be made of more importance, than this. For want of due attention to this subject, the errors that have crept into the world, are neither few nor small. The church is no material building. It is no temple made with hands, of wood, or brick, or stone, or marble. It is a ' company of men and women. — It is no particular visible church on earth. It is not the Eastern Church, or the Western Church. It is not the Church of England, or the Church of Scotland.— Above all, it certainly is not the Church of Rome. The church of our text is one. that makes; far leBB show than any visible church in , the eyes of man, but is of far more im-' portance in the eyes of God. 1 ; ' The church is made up of all 'true believers in the Lord Jesus OhriBt. It .is composed of all converted people. It, comprehends all who have repented of sin, and fled to Christ by faith, aud;been: made new creatures in Him. It comprises ; all God's elect, all who have received ! God's grace, all who have been washed in Christ's blood, all who have 'been J clothed in Christ's righteousness, all who have been born again and sanctified by' Christ's Spirit. ' All such, of every namej and rank, and nation, and people, and tongue, compose the church. This is the) ! body of Christ. This is the . flock of Christ. This is the bride. This is the Lamb's wife. This is "the holy Catholic Church" of the Apostle's Creed. This is " the blessed company of all faithful people," spoken of in the communion service- of the Church of England. This is " the Church on the Rock." " The members of this church dp not all worship God in the same way, or use-the same form of government. Some' of them are governed by bishops, and some of them by elders. Some of them use a prayer-book when they meet ' for public worship, and some of them use none. ' The 34th Article of the Church of Erig-1 land most wisely declares,' " It is not necessary that ceremonies should be in all places one and alike." But the members of this church all come to one throne of , grace. They all worship with one heart. They are all led by one Spirit. 'They are : all really and truly holy. They can" all say " Alleluia," and they can all reply, " Amen." This iB that church, to which all visible: churches on earth are servants and hand maidens. Whether they are Episco palian, Independent, Presbyterian, or, Methodist, they all serve the in terests of the one true church;. They are the scaffolding, behind which the : great building is carried on. They Are the husk, under which the living kernel grows. They have their various degrees of usefulness. The best and worthiest of them is that which trains up most mem bers for Christ's true church. But no visible church has any right to say, "We are the only True Church. We are the men, and wisdom shall die with us." No visible church should ever dare to say, " We shall stand for ever. The gates of hell shall not prevail against me." This is that church to which belong the Lord's gracious promises of preservation, continuance, pretection, and final glory, — " Whatsoever," says Hooker, " we read in; Scripture, concerning the endless love and saving mercy, which God showeth towards His church, the only proper subject thereof is this church, which we properly term the mystical body of Christ."— Small and despised as the true church may be in this world, it is precious and honourable in the sight of God. The temple of Solomon in all its glory was mean , and contemptible, in comparison with that church which is -built upon a reck. V Outside of the church which is built on the rock there can be no salvation. There is not merely a building, but a Builder. The Lord Jesus Christ declares, " I will build My church." There is a peculiar sense in which the help f of the church is laid on the Lord Jesus Christ. He iB particularly and pre-eminently the Redeemer and Saviour of the church. Therefore it is, that we find Him saying, " I will build, — the work of building is my special work." It is Christ who calls the members of the church in due time. They are "the called of Jesus Christ." (Rom. i. 6.) It iB Christ who quickens them. " The Son ?uickeneth whom he will." (John v. 21.) t is Christ who washes away their sins. He "has loved us, and washed us from our sins in His own blood." (Rev. i. 5.) It is Christ who gives them peace. " Peace I leave with you, My peace I give unto you." (John xiv. 27.) It is Christ who gives them eternal life. " I give unto them eternal life, and they shall never perish." (John x. 28.) It is Christ who grants them repentance. " Him hath God exalted to be a Prince and a Saviour to give repentance." (Acts v. 31.) It is Christ who enables them to become God's children. " To as many as received Him, to them gave He power to become the sons of God." (John i. 12.) It is Christ who carries on the work within them when it is begun. " Because I live, ye shall live also." (John xiv. 19.) In Bhort, it has "pleased the Father that in Christ should all fulness dwell." (Coloss. i. 19.) He is the author and finisher of faith. He is the life. He is the head. From. Him every joint and member of the mystical body of Christians is supplied. Through . Him they are strengthened for duty;. By Him they are kept from falling. He. shall preserve them to the end, and present them faultless before the Father's throne with exceeding great joy. He is all things in all believers. The mighty agent by whom the Lord Jesus Christ carries out this work in the members of . His church, is, without doubt, the. Holy Ghost. He it is who applies Christ: and his benefits to the soul. He it is who is ever renewing, awakening, convincing, leading to the cross, trans forming, taking out of the world, stone after stone, and adding it to the mystical building. But the great chief Builder, who has undertaken to execute the work of, redemption and bring it to completion, is ,the Son of God, the Word who was made, flesh. It is Jesus ChriBt who " builds." In building the true church, the Lord ' J esus condescends to use many subordin ate instruments. The ministry of the Gospel, the circulation of the Scriptures, the friendly rebuke, the word spoken in season, the drawing influence of afflictions, —all, all are means and appliances by which His work is carried on, and the Spirit conveys life to souls. But Christ is, the great superintending architect, ordering, guiding, directing all that is done., "Paul may plant, and Apollos w'ater,- but God giveth the increase." Ministers may preach, and writers may write,: but the Lord Jesus Christ alone can build. And except He builds, the work stands still. Great is the wisdom wherewith the Lord Jesus Christ builds His church. All isjdone at the right time, and in the right way. .Each stone in its turn is put in the right place. Sometimes He chooses great stones, and sometimes He chooses small stones. Sometimes the work goes on fast, and sometimes it goes on slowly. Man is frequently impatient, and thinks that nothing is doing. But man's time is not God's time. A thousand years in His sight are but as a single day. The great Builder makes no mistakes. He knows what, He is, doing. He sees the end from the beginning.,,.. He works by a perfect, unalterable and certain plan. The mightiest conceptions of architects, like Michael Angelo and Wren, are mere child's play in comparison with Christ'b. wise counsels respecting His church. Great is the condescension and mercy which Christ exhibits in building His church. He often chooses the most un likely and roughest stones, and fits them into a most excellent work. He despises none, and rejects none, on account of former Bins and past transgressions. He often makes Pharisees and Publicans become pillars of His house. He delights to show mercy. He often, takes the most thoughtless and ungodly, and transforms them into polished corners of His spiritual temple. Great is the power which Christ dis plays in building His church. : He carries on His work in spite of opposition from the world, the flesh, and the devil. In storm, in tempest, through troublous times, silently, quietly, without noise, without stir, without excitement, the building progresses, like Solomon's temple. " I will work," He declares, " and who shall let it ? " (Isai. xliii. 13.) For the preservation of the true church, all the providential dealings of God in this world are ordered and arranged. For the elect's sake, wars are brought to an end, and peace is given to a nation. Statesmen, rulers, emperors, kings, presi dents, heads of governments, have their schemes and plans, and think' them of vast importance. But there is another work going on of infinitely greater moment, for which they are only the axes and saws in God's hands. That work is the erection of Christ's spiritual temple, the gathering in of living stones into the one true church. The Lord JesuB Christ tells us, "Upon this Bock will I build my church." What did the Lord Jesns Christ mean, when he spoke of this foundation ? Bid He mean the apostle Peter, to. whom He was speaking ? If He meant Peter, why did He not say, " Upon thee " will I build My church, If He had meant Peter, He would surely have said, I will build My church on thee, as plainly as He said, " to thee will I give the keys." — No! it was not the person of the apostle Peter, but the good confession which the apostle had just made. It was not Peter, the erring, unstable man, but the mighty truth which the Father had revealed to Peter. It was the truth con cerning Jesus Christ himself which was the. ropk. It was Christ's Mediatorship, and Christ's Messiahship. It was the blessed truth, that Jesus was the promised Saviour, the true Surety, the real Inter cessor between God and man. This was the rock, and this the foundation, upon which the church of Christ was to be built. To this one foundation every member of Christ's true church is joined. ' In many things believers are disunited and disagreed. In the matter of their soul's foundation they. are all of one mind. Whether Episcopalians, Presbyterians, Baptists, or Methodists, believers all meet at one point. They are all..built on the rock. Ask where they get their peace, and hope, and joyful expectation of good things to come. Tou will find that all flow from that one mighty source, ChriBt the Mediator between God and man, and the office that Christ holds, as the High- priest and Surety of sinners. There is mention made of "the gates of hell." By that expression we are meant to understand the power of the devil. The history or Christ's true church has always been one of conflict and war. It has been constantly assailed by a deadly enemy, Satan, the prince of this world. The devil hates the true church of Christ with an undying hatred. He is ever stirring up opposition against all its members. He is ever urging the children "of this world to do his will, and to injure and harass the people of God. If he can not bruise the head, he will bruise the heel. If he cannot roll believers of heaven, he will vex them by the way. Warfare with the powerB of hell has been the experience of the whole body of Christ for six thousand years. It has always been a bush burning, though not consumed — a woman fleeing into the wilderness, but not swallowed up. (Exod. iii. 2 ; Bev. xii. 16.) The visible churches have their times of prosperity and seasons of peace, but never has there been a time of peace for the true church. Its conflict is perpetual. Its battle never ends. Warfare with the powers of hell is the experience of every individual member of the true church. . Each has to fight. What are the lives , of. all the saints, but records of battles? What were such men as Paul, and; James, and Peter, and. John, and Polycarp, and Ohrvsostom, and Augustine,, and Luther, and Calvin, and Latimer, and Baxter, but soldiers engaged in a constant warfare? Sometimes the persons of the saints have been assailed, and sometimes their property. Sometimes they have been harassed by calumnies and slanders, and sometimes by opein persecu tion. But in one way or another the devil has been continually warring against the church. The "gates of hell" have been continually assaulting the people of Christ. But there is a glorious promise given by the Builder, " The gates of hell shall not prevail." He who cannot lie has pledged His word, that all the powers of hell shall never overthrow His church. It shall continue, and stand, in spite of every assault. It shall never be over come. All other created things perish and pass away, but not the church which is built on the rock. The mightiest cities have become heaps of ruins. The broad walls of Babylon have sunk to the ground. The palaces of Nineveh are covered with mounds of dust. The hundred gates of Thebes are only matters of history. Tyre is a place where fishermen hang their nets. Car thage is a desolation. Yet all this time the true church stands. The gates of hell do not prevail against it. The earliest visible churches have in many cases decayed and perished. Where is the church of Ephesus and the church of Antioch ? Where is the church of Alexandra and. the church of Constanti nople ? Where are the Corinthian, and Philippian, and Thessalonian churches? Where, indeed, are they all ? They de parted from the word of God. They were proud of their bishops, and synods, and ceremonies, and learning and antiquity. They did not glory in the true cross of Christ. They did not hold fast the Gospel. They did not give the Lord Jobus His rightful office, or faith its rightful place. They are now among the things that have been. Their candle stick has been taken away. But all this time the true church has lived on. Has the true church been oppressed iu one country ? It has fled to another. — Has it been trampled on and oppressed in one soil? It has taken root and flourished in some other climate. — Fire, sword, prisons, fines, penalties, have never been able to destroy its vitality. Its persecutors have died and gone to their own place, but the word of God has lived, and grown, and multiplied. Weak as this true church may appear to the eye of man, it is an anvil which has broken many a hammer in times past, and perhaps will break many more before the end. Ha that lays hands on it, is touching the apple of God's eye. The promise is true of the whole body of the true church. Christ will never be without a witness in the world. He has had a people in the worst of times. He had seven thousand in Israel even in the days of Ahab. There are some now, even, in the dark places of the Boman and Greek churches, who, in spite of much ignorance, are serving Christ. The devil may rage horribly; the church may in some centuries be brought exceed ingly low; but the gates of hell shall never entirely prevail. The true church is Christ's body. Not one bone in that mystical body shall ever be broken. — The true church is Christ's bride. They whom God hath joined in everlasting covenant, shall never be put asunder. — The true church is Christ'B flock. When the lion came and took a lamb of David's flock, David arose and delivered the lamb from his mouth. Christ will do the same. He is David's greater son. Not a single sick lamb in Christ's flock shall perish. He will say to His Father in the last day, " Of them which thou gavest me I have lost none." (John xviii. 9.) — The true church is the wheat of the earth, It may be sifted, winnowed, buffeted to and fro, but not one grain shall be lost. The tares and chaff shall be burned; the wheat shall be gathered into the bam. — The true church is Christ's army. The Captain of our salvation loses none of His soldiers ; His plans are never defeated; His supplies never fail ; His muster-roll is the same at the end as it was at the beginning. Not one of His, .soldiers shall be missing at last. He Himself , declares " They' shall, never perish." (John x. 28.) 