THE BARBER'S GHOST. w Night was coming on apace ; a piercing east wind wildly scattered before it the thick flakes of snow, which were descend ing so as completely to obliterate all traces j of the path through a lonely moor, oyer which a traveller was journeying, with | .lid Ixiniviif reachiii!? a village, where he i intended to remain, for the night. He j was an entire Granger in those parts, and j such was the nature of the country that, : under the most favourable circumstances, he would have experienced some difficulty in threading the mazes of the wild dis trict lie had to traverse- _ In this dilemma, as liis only ie.i''urce, he committed himself to t'"i : of his horse, concluding fit . t . of the noble animal was much UAi-.-c a-i -pted to the emergency than his own vason, be wildered as it was. The hntldnl and sa gacious creature fully just ioud Uic confi dence reposed in hint ; lie pursued his course steadily, but cautiously, and in a few hours the traveller, to his indescrib- able joy, discerned a laint glimmering light in the horizon. -By this time, be was almost an icicle, and was frozen so fast to the saddle tnafc , horse and rider, like the fabled centaur, i formed one body. The noble brute to i whose superior sagacity, a "lord of the j creation," on this occasion; was indebted j for his safety, continued to pursue his j course, until at length the traveller, more j dead than alive, arrived at a venerable j and spacious-looking mansion, which ap- j peared to have been in former days a. Castle, as some of the battlements, the | moat and the gotkic gateway were still l'e- j maining. . I p- However, as lights appeared in the win- | dows, and sounds of revelry were heard : from within, the stranger did not hesitate I to avail himself of the knocker to an- j nounce his arrival ; and after a short in- ' terval, the door was opened. Judge his surprise and satisfaction at finding himself ushered into a spacious area, -the scene, probably, in ancient days, of tilts and tournaments, but which had by modern improvement been converted into a stable yard, for the accommodation of horses. Some parts of the castle itself — for such it was — were transformed into comfortable accommodations for travel lers. many of whom were now safely housed, secure from the pelting of tlie .pitiless storm. Our traveller was with difficulty de tached from liis horse, and was shown into the spacious kitchen, in the ingle nook of which ne was thawed down to his natural shape and dimensions, but not before his grotesque appearance had afforded ample merriment to the guests who wore ca rousing there. As our guest was a wag and a humorist, he avowed to himself that he would be even with them.for their mil- timed jokes ; and he was as 'good as his -word,. as' you will see. After paying a visit to his trusty steed, and seeing him well fed and foddered; he inquired of the landlady if he could be ac commodated with a bed for himself ; but what was his vexation on hearing that the rooms -were all engaged, except one apart ment into which no traveller ever chose to enter, as it was reputed to be haunted by the .spirit of an unfortunate barber, who had cut liis throat there some three weeks before ; since which catastrophe the room was regarded with so much dread that not a ser vant in the house could be persuaded to enter it. Our traveller was not a man to.bs- terri- fied by the idle fear's of 'ghosts ; and as it was out -of the question to budge that night, he expressed his determination to sleep in the hannted chamber, and a thought which crossed his mind confirmed his resolution. The difficulty was to pre vail upon the servants to enter tho room to make a fire and- prepare a bed ; but by dint -of a certain argument the traveller persuaded them to enter in a body, heading aud encouraging them him self. At leiigtli, everything was arranged for the accommodation of the i-ash. and presumptuous stranger, as he was con sidered by "everyone in tlie house,, fro.m the landlord to the boots. Our traveller, aftr partaking of a hearty ' supper, ordered his bottle and pipe to.be carried up-stairs, observing that it was " his intention to sit up awhile to await the - coming of the spirit, and to question him about the dreadful secret that preyed upon his mind and prevented liim from resting quietly in his grave. The landlady, who admired the courage of lier guest, while she regretted liis rash ness,' bade liim "Good' night," with " Heaven bless you, sir," which she uttered £h a tone of misgiving rather than 'hope, as if she doubted whether she would ever see liim again. Our " traveller lighted his pipe and awaited the issue very composedly. The; clock struck twelve, the high- change hour of ghosts, hut no spirit ap peared. The storm had now increased to ' a-perfect hurricane, anU the guests seemed resolved to sit it out, as they had formed themselves into a party at hazard. Our .traveller h.-id, during the night, heard fre quent allusions tnacle, to himself, some of the company .wondering what would be come of him when the castle bell should toll one, which was the signal for the ghost to appear. This was news for- our tra veller: which lie, did not fail to' turn to im mediate advantage, by setting about his preconceived design oRacting tlie part of ghost himscif. ' ' "With this view, lie converted one of his . sheetd into a very appropriate spectra! robe, around his neck lie tied a red garter, to represent tha wound inflicted by the deceased barber on his throat. A piece of burnt cork enabled him to disguise -his face and repder it sufficiently hideous ; and, to crown all, a night-cap wrth a large tassel, with death's head: and cross-bones. represented in front by. moans of the aforesaid burnt' cork. It was: now on .the stroke of one; and,, as if to second his views, tliq company were just then intent on their game ; there was not a minute to 'be ftst ; .something, however, was' needed to complete .his costume. He thought the spirit of the barber could not be more appropriately equijtyed than with a razor in one .liaud and a sliaving-box in the other. Jffis portmanteau soon supplied these requisite appendages, when it sud denly occurred to him that it wfiuld greatly heighten .the effect if burning spirit were substituted for the ordinary father. The remnant in the bottle readily furbished him with the .inflammable latiieis. Conceive him ready for action, awaiting ihe awful signal from 'the castle' turret. i ' It' sounded at length, and. our ghost,. having lighted up the ethereal contents of his lather-hox, stalked, outif the room, with a riieavy tread.. The. sS'angG sound tiid thi? ominous, toll of -the bell instantly nut a:", c-mi io nil noise and revelry amongst cim icivilitid gaiiiblersv With one kick the specti-j forced; open the -door,, and pre sented himself to the horror-stricken com- pany- The ghost deemed "it prudent not to allow them to rally their senses.; but- as a climax to the scene, holding the razor iii one hand - and the shaving box in the oilier, in n deep, hollow voice, said, " Will vm: be i-Ur \ ; I' There is something sufficiently disa- bio in to:1 sight of a naked razor Imitation's ! -.. ce-.. v;,uh IVcifa Scli: ajipfl or- » « «V !Or« nchrin tier. gonij'fli.'b Tin jo kt'rcxuf brandished in a menacing attfitade, but th« idea of being shaved by a ghost, and brushed with inflammable lather, is toffl much for human nerves. The company all rose in an instant ; and, as there was fortunately a back door in the room lead ing to the kitchen stairs, through that they precipitated themselves necks and heels, never stopping until they reached the bottom, where they lay sprawling in I speechless "terror. i Meauwhile the ghost was not idle ; his ! robe served as an apron, into which he | collected all the money on the table. He then extinguished the candles and retired to his room, chuckling at the complete success of his scheme. How the routed guests recovered from their fright would be superfluous to re-' late ; suffice it to say, that at last they \ retired in fear and trembling to their' I beds, without once thinking of the money ' they had left behind them, in the apart-' : meat where the ghost so unexpectedly in terrupted their revelry. _ _ ; The next morning our traveller in vain rang liis bell for tho waiter ; not a soul in the house dared answer the summons; and when he at length made his appearance below, all seemed to shrink from his pre sence as if it were a second supernatural visitation. He called for his breakfast, but no breakfast was forthcoming, and he was surveyed at a distance with glances of suspicion and dread. At length, however, he succeeded in persuading the landlady, who was a woman of good understanding, that he was the identical stranger who had slept in the haunted chamber, and that he was really flesh and blood, and not a ghost. This assurance he confirmed 'by a cordial shake of the hand, accompanied by a good- n&tured; laugh at the fears which his ap- pearance had occasioned. The good lady at length summoned courage to enter into conversation with him, and inquired how he had passed the night. "Never better," was the reply. "Did you hear nothing Y' "Nothing," he replied. " Nor see anything 1" "Why, yes," said he, with an air of in difference ; " an impudent scoundrel of a barber popped his head into my room at one o'clock in the morning, and asked if I wantod to be shaved. I supposed the fellow was drunk, and so I kicked him down stairs, and fell asleep again." As the weather continued tempestuous, tho guests remained in tlieir quarters to dinner ; and our traveller joined them at the table. Tlie conversation naturally turned to the occurrence of tlie preceding evening ; and the hero of tiiu tale was much amused at the different accounts given of tlie ghost. One insisted that it was that of the barber most unquestion ably, as lie was very well acquainted with liim. A second observed that although he had never seen the barber while liv ing, he had seen a capital likeness of him, and that it was as like the ghost as two p®as. Another protested that the fire came from his mouth and nostrils, and that his voiee resembled that of the un fortunate man who had committed suicide in the chamber which his troubled spirit nightly revisited. At length our friend, requesting per mission to be heard, thus addressed the company — " Gentlemen,- 1 love a joke as well as any man ; but a joke may be carried too far ; and as the belief in ghosts is as ab surd as it is mischievous, I should ho sorry that we should part without an ex planation. Behold here before you, gentle men, the identical ghost that spread such consternation amongst you When I en tered this inn last night you were pleased to be very merry at my expense ; and as I always give a llolan.l lor an Oliver, I VO\Y«d,I would , be revenged. The idle re port of the ghost in the haunted chamber suggested to me the scheme I practised with so much success. If you doubt my word, gentlemen, behold the monqy you left behind in your hurry, and which I bore 'off with the intention of restoring to you, as I now do." As he said this, he unfolded a handker chief and deposited the gold upon the table. The explanation, accompanied as it, was by the unexpected recovery of the cash, produced a universal roar of laughter. The guests shook, the tra veller by the hand, heartily thanking him for a lesson tliay should never forget to the last hour of their lives. " 