BRITISH AND FOREIGN. It is said th*t thore are 69.(109 Unitarians m Hungary, an inojeaia on,000.;O7or last year's figures. The Bishop oi Exeter,.Dr.>Biokcratoth,<witf probably visit Japan mix: year; pEi3 eon is tho Anglican Bishop of th<*t land. ' A novel way to pay oft a church debt bao been adopted by alVoaton, Mo., woman. Sbo is now selling 1,000 common -brteka* at one j dollar esch for the ohutch fund, v . j At a meeting of the Church Missionary j Society, held recontly at Salisbury Square, ! London, Mr.. Ecgeno Stock stated that iu oil | probability the society would seed oal 100 now i missionaries during tho current year. The Bishop of Sierra Lsono, who is on a visit to Euglana, has prepared a scheme by which the children under his care shall receive an industrial training,; and- lie will take back with him to Africa a good supply of' tools, and if possible, a capable man to undertake the supervision of this work. ; The death of Bev. Dr. George B. Cheeyer removes from the American churches a man who made a great maik in his day. Ho was a college classmate of Longfellow, Hawthorne, and Abbott; was for a long psriod pasior of the Church of the Puritans in Now York', and cno of the moit frcquoct contributors to the Indepen dent of that city. , : <• The T.M C.A. work is being pushed on with vigour and earnestness at present in Ireland. The Banbridg9/Newry/iiud other associations have entered oa the duties of .tho winter session under. encouraging uur-plcrs; and tho Bdfast asiOcULiou, iu which there are how ovor £2,000 enrolled members, is going ahead by leaps and bonndff, so much eo tb3fc,cn one cv<n:r»g re cently &3 many as 135 young men becaoio members. It; bai also 17 evening claeses overy week in active operaiicru uudcr. able . leachetH, besides jmnirrou» religious meeting.; The annual report of the American Board of Effusions has j:!st been prefented ar.d adopted at a general meetings held ' at Minneapolis, showing that tlte incorno for 1889-90 reached the graud total of 628.395'58dolhir*. Its opera tion'? arc carried oa iu Turkey, India, China, Japan, Oceanic*," and other, pans, by 531 Americau aud 2,417 nativj labourers on 96 stations in 1,492 statod preaobirg places, and to average congregations of 65/236, of whom 36,256'are accredited churt h members It has efficient schools established, with no less than' 47,329 persons under ins'ruotiou. Cardinal Newman was notorious for his oon fcideration. for otherar which, the' following anecdote illustrates: It was. tho custom for the Oratorians to take their turn in waiting npoa tho others at mcol for a week'at n time, and for thii purpose they wear &u; apron. A few years ago a youhg novlo, after takiog bis tarn, had to nerve for an extra week, ai tho cue who should ha70 succeeded hirn was away. On Lis h*u'Jiflg d plate to the cardinal, tno latter looked npaod V Bat were no; you waiting latt week?" •u Yes,, your.emicfiwe,*' replied the novice; " bnt'So-and-So " (earning, the abaent ono) *' is a-^-.ay, aud 1 a:n taking his place." "T can't ullow that," Fsiidlho car dinal, and, rising fromhii plncofho mnd© tho young man take off the apron, which he domed himself, and, bidding him sit in the seat which he had vacated, ho'winted upon the com munity for the remainder of tho we> k himself. The Pope doos not heliovo in cremation, and I Una forbidden .Cutholios to-go to tlie fiery fur* nac? Mrs- Oornoliue Vandorbilt,- boa jnafc. given 325,000 dollars in <iold roasb .to St-Hartholo-' mow's OUurcb, N.Y. , -: - . .: '■-Tbo Info Popo Purs IX. -ccjiipicd the,Papal" thvoao from 1818 to 1875. .This wsB.tho longest reign of nnvPopb on record. Adrian IV., who was Popo from • December 25,1154, to September 1,1150, wob an English mao. He succeeded Pope AnataeiuB IV., and is the only Englishman who was over Pope. After the third Sunday in tho preaent mcraUi (November) tho Metropolitan Ta^rnatdo was to be closed for'two months 'for renovation,-durr ing which time Hr. Spurgeon was to go to the south ot Franco.: " . . Tho rainntcs of tho General Assembly of tbo Presbyterian Church in Ireland liavo just been issued, and they; givo most .'Hatiifaotory statistics iu rogavd to llie progress of the body.-. Thorc are now (117 ministers on the :rnll, wifli 41 assistants, CI licentiates, and 137 students. . The Wes'ey Memorial; Centenary hi being talren up vigorously, and 'the cum of £250.000 is suggeslod now. This scheme would include tho cnmploto renovation of City road Chapel, a uew.eontonary hall, and aey-eral' mission halls in important centres of London. Dr. Knox, the Archbishop of Armagh, in his triennial visitation report states that there arc now 4,548 communicants in his diocese, being it small inorease as. compared with threo years: ago; that nearly 14,000 persons attend the OH. pahlio ssrvices, and that there are 162 Sunday Echools with 1,07G teachers and 13,130 scholars. The recent meetings of, tho Congregational Union at Swansea have dona muoh to popu larise the' "Guild" ,movement, and a large demand has sprung up for the Guild publications of tho union. Acting on tho recommendation of the counoil tho committee of the :union has deoidod.taiesne a Now Tear's address to yonog people, written by tho chairman for tho time being. - 'Religion Blip3 through some people's fingers as'rapidly as ''ill-gotten money. 1 An old Soottish ..minister. told , his .congregation . the truth when ho said: "Brethren, yon are just like the duko'sswau in the, lake yondor. Ton come' tobhuroh:every S'.hbatb, and I lave you. all over with "the Goepcl water, and I pour it upon yon until you are almost drowned with it; but you just gang away hame, and sit down by.your fiteBido, gio yonr wings a hit of flap, and;you areiust as dry as ever again." ^ ■; Afior his conversion to tho Roman Catholio faith, the Marquis of Bute went to Rome in 1869 to-be presented to Pppe PiuB IX; During his fitay'in tbb.EteTOal City ho .offered to give :£10,00a;'tO;dbfriy.,tiie ."oost.tef stained-glass windows to be placed in St. Peter's Cathedral. The Pope.iniimated his.wiilingneaB..to aocept the mbupy if the marquis would peasant to its being devoted to some: more urgent business. The marquis agreed to the Pope's wish, and thus Bt~ Peter's remains lighted by plain win dow?. -; , ■ ; ■ Dri Judsoa Smith, one of tho secrotnrioa of the American Board of Missions, in a paper on the " Missionary Ontlook," says " Ooristianity is becoming the domioant religion of tho world ; communication between all parts of tha world is becoming ossier; the world, with only here and there on exception, is accessible to tbo gospel; and ibat modern missions are euceossfui. These make bright the missionary outlook abroad, and at home the litres are equally encouraging. Missionary contributions are being enlarged, the Bupply of.missionaries is recreating, and the Church is committed io mission work as never before'.' At Cambridge, on October 15, tho Bomau Catholics opened a fine now church, "Tbe Church of Our Lady and tho English Mar tyrs," erected on a site, the'prinoipal donor of which was tho Duke of Norfolk, at tho cost of Mrs. Lvno-Stevens, of Lynfonl Hall, Nor folk. ; By sculptured figures in the obnroh are commemorated tha ;Qneen -(in whoso Jubilee year the erection of the church was com menced), tbo present - Pope, tho foundress, the Dako of Nortolk.s Cardinal Manning, and tbo late Cardinal Newman. From tho time cf Qbeen M-rv til! about 5? yoars ago moss was not said iu Cambridge; The Cambridge Mission was founded iu 1841.' It may boot interest, to add, says tbo Cambridge correspondent of tho London J)a\hj News, that Mrs. Lyno Stevoos, wbo has contributed close upon £100,000 towaTdi tho orection nf this 'stately church, was 40 years ego one of tho most celebrated dancers in Europe, and half a century ego she was tbe bright particular Btar of tbo ballot at Drury Line., In 1845, bb Volando Mario Louise Duvernay,. sin'married the 'late Mr. Lyne Stopbtns, of Lynford Hall.' A/ cablegram reoeivod recently proclaimed the astonishing hows that tho Mormons had decidad to abandon the practioo of polygamy. This step it seems Is tho result of a conference ' of "Elders wh'cli lasted several weeks, and at whiohla confession of failh was drafted The declaration, among other things, affirms: " Wo; believo in God the Father, in J ecus Christ, and tho Holy Ghost; that men will be ponished for their own sins, not for those of Adam ; that mankind may bo savd through Ohrist'and through repentance in baptism bv immersion and laying on ot bands; wo believe la the samo organisation as that of iho primi tive cbnroh; we believe the Bible to be the word of God, so for as it is tran«lated correotly, and also that tha Beck of Mormon is tbo Word of God ; wo bcli-va all God hie re vealed and is dow revealing; wo believo Iu tho literal gathering of Israel, in tho rrutoratlon of tbo Tea Tribis, and that Zion wiH bo built on tins continent; wo claim the privilege t> worship God according to' tbo 'dictates''of onr own ..consciences, and allow olbcrs to.do tbo ramo: .we beliovs that wo roust, obey our own ruler?, bo long as thoy are honest, true, chaste, .benovolehtj. and "vlrtboiis:": ;:Tbo politicul significance of tbo abandonment of polygamy is very great, as in Iho IdBbo territory alone there are 11,000 Mormons who will now bo able to vote. : : A Valedictory ecrvloa was held iniiha'Gregrg -'' Moinorial Hall, Hit Win; recently to bid farewell" to a nnmbor of missionaries oonnebted with' the a O.E M , who wore going out to; tho'Fuh-Kieh' •>, and mid-China Rlissioii, and to •AllahabjUbbiit IridiapthoRev. Dr. Gwyitne, of Trinity College," Dubliu/jpresfdingJ ,:'j . ','At tlio Woafc''bantoal"ljobdbn'iJ!lBth6diat Miasion services, in tho St. James's and1 Prince's'. Halls, upwards of 6,000 persons are cccorn^ modn£(>d. V.nfc refl'miilv ^Pt^Arh 3!0flQ Ami R nnn * - modated, but recently between 3)000 and fi-000 people ono Sunday evening wore turned away.' The South .Iiondon Mission da also reported to' bo the scenq of roost encouraging success. £ Two' great, changes aro psssiigbovor.- the - Jewish community in-England., ; Laymen bib being ■ cordially welcomed :iato tho ranks of ■ . preachers, ;and, in oonseqnepoe cf tbb suoocss •.' which, has!attended;special"'services with- ta consids-rable adiaix'ure ef English, it is now ! proposed to ottshliah a weekly servioo oi a i similar'character. - i'. i-i: '■ i. " '■Dr. Psrkor's oballc-hgo to the pnhlio through" Iho columns of the' J)ailirNcwYtodoclaralthoir' opinion on tho mbdafH'eermbh'.appoara tb hiivo1 ' been -freelyncpbpted.-r; Hejureported; toJiavb'1 h said. in- What ho oallfhis one minutopn.rmr.n at <!C the City Temple—" I have.made.inquiries upou-v? thisTBTilqect'thfhugh the newspapers,'and the- " answersr yofy'ablyrwritfeh'^ hnW-airaplf bp- <u palled; rah. - PreaOhors ato- iu 'rnVhy instanoea"-!' living in a'fool's paradise. The" evidence is the efioct that preachers do not eoucarn tbern.'-' selveB about the everyday life of tho people,- '" b.it drivel in metaphysics and theology,-about - ' which tho people know nothing and eara nothing. There is n solemn demand for prao'- o tieal presohing and for presohing that tou'ehsa sympathetically tho sorrow and need of daily'1 ' life. I heartily adopt this view. Tet'I oahhot-'-" acquit tho pew of all blame. The pow has <■ called for old phrnees and old roferenoss, and when these have been absent tho pew;ha8!*-j thought that the Gospel has not been preached.; -■ The "pew must be sensible if ever the'pulplt:iav' J to become who." j. 