THE DAY OF REST. (PROFESSOR DRUMMOND'S AD. DRESS-GEOGRAPHY, ARITHME TIC. GRAMMAR. At the annual meeting of tbe Glasgow Boys' Brigade professor Drnmmond delivered tbe follow ifng characteristic and unique address, a perfect model, which was appreciated by both old and 'young. Be said I hare three heads to give you. The first is " Geography," the second is " Arithmetic," and the third is "Grammar." What is thethiid? "Gram -mar," Instantly Bhout a chorus of voices. What Is tbe first ? " Geography," comes at once from almost the whole battalion Second? A moment's hesitation, And all the companies fire off, "Arithmetic." Third? tjmartly this time, " Grammar." Very WalL First, geography tells us where to find pieces. Where is the Kingdom of God? It was said that when a Prussian officer was hilled in the Franco-Prussian war a map of France was fonnd in bis pocket. When we wish to oocupy a country we ought to know its geography. Now, where is the Kingdom of God? A hoy over there says." It it in heaven." No; it is not in heaven. Another boy •ays, "It is in the Bible." No; it is not in the XlMe. Another boy eaya, "It most be in the Church." No; it is not In the Chnroh. Heaven is only the capital of the Kingdom of God; the Bible is the ^guide-book to it; the Church is tbe weekly parade of those who belong to it If yon would turn up the seventeenth chapter of Luke, yon will find out where ithe Kingdom of God really is. "The Kingdom (of God it within you"—withm you. The Kingdom of God is Inside people. I remember once taking a walk by the river near where the Falls of Niagara are, and I noticed a remarkable figure walk ing .along the river bank. I had been some time in America. I had Been black men, and red men, and yellow men, and white men—black men, tbe negroes; red men, tbe Indians; yellow men, tbe Chinese; white men, the Americans. But this man looked qnlte different in his dress from anything I had ever seen. When he came a liitle closer, I saw be was wearing a kilt; when be came a little nearer still, I saw that be was dressed exactly tike a High land soldier. -When he came qnlte near, I said to falm, "What are yon doing here ?" "Why should I not be here ?" he said. " Don't yon know this is British soil? When yon cross the river, yon oome into Canada; and this is the kingdom of Kngland." •inis soiaier was tnouvanas 01 muesiium nragiaua, and yet he wee in England. Wherever there le an English heart beating loyal to the Queen of Britain, there le England. Wherever there la a boy whose heart is loyal to the Bing of the Kingdom of God, the Kingdom of God is within him. What is the Kingdom of God? Every kingdom has its exports, its products. Go down to the river here, and yon will find ships coming in with cotton; yon know tbev come from America. Ton will find ships with wool, yon know they come from Ana ships with tea, yon know they are from China; trails; ships with sugar; you know they come from Java, Mauritius. What comes from the Kingdom of God 1 Again we refer to our guide-book. Turn up Bomans, and we shall find what the Kingdom of God is. I shall read it, "The Kingdom of God is righteousness, peace, joy"—three things. "The Kingdom of God is righteousness, peace, joy." Bignteonaneas, iof course. Is just doing what is rignt. Any boy who does what is right has the Kingdom of Gou within him. Any boy who, instead of being quarrelsome, lives at peace with the other boys, has the Kingdom of God within him. Every boy whose heart is truly glad, who Is filled with joy because he does what is right, has the Kingdom of God within bim. i he Kingdom of God is not going to religious meetings, and hearing strange religions experiences; the Kingdom of God le doing what is right, living at peace with all men, being filled with joy in the Holy Ghost. Boys, if yon are going to be Christians, be < .hriatlans as boys, and not as your grandmothers. A grandmother hss to be a Christian as a grandmother, and that is the rfght and beauti ful thing for her; but, If you cannot read your Bible by the hour as your grandmother cin, or delight in meetings as she can, don't think you are necessarily a bad boy. Wheo yon ate your grand mother's age you will have your grandmother's kind of religion. Meantime, be a Christian as a . boy. live a boy's life. Do the straight thing; seek the Kingdom of God and His righteousness. Keep the peace with the boya about you, and be filled with joy atbeing a loyal, and simple and natural, and hoy-like servant of Christ. You can very easily tell a house, or a workshop, or an office where the Kingdom of God is not. The first chiog you see in that place la that the " straight thine" is not always done. Your master promises you a " rise" of wages next week—he says that you are going to get 7s. 6d. Instead of 5s. Next week when you ask for the extra half-crown, be trumps up an excuse. He says, " I didn't mean It" That is not right; that is not straight The Kingdom of God is not there. Or, when you go into your workshop, you find everybody sulky, touchy, and iU-tempered, everybody at daggers drawn with everybody else—some of the men not oh speaking terms with some of the others, and so on. The Kingdom of God is not there. It is peace; the kingdom of the Devil is anger and wrath and malice. It yon want to get the Kingdom of God into yonr workshop, or into your home, let the quarrelling be stopped, and live in peace and har mony and brotherliness with every one. You see, now. I hope, what the Kingdom is 1 I pass, therefore, to tbe second bead. What is it 7 Professor Drnmmond bad not to repeat tbe ques tion, Jfor sharp sped the answer from hundreds of the bopa "Arithmetic." "Are there any arithme tic womb in thia text?" is the next query. The trays hesitate, and Professor Drummond again asks, "Are there any arithmetic words there? What arithmetic words are there? What is the text Main?" That reached the preacher's ear like a shower of ballets—"Seek ye first the Kingdom of God and Hie righteousness, and all these things shall be added Into yon." "Are there any arith metic words there?" Now it comes, but not In point of order; "Added." "Added; yes. What other arithmetic word?" Tbe Greek sages had not been studied in rain by Professor Drummond. The Bocratlc method prevailed; and" First" comes, almost impatiently, from his 1,600 cadets. " Tea, first"—"first." "added." Now, don't you think you could not have anything better to seek, " first" than the th'ngs I have named—to do what is right, to lire at peace, and be always happy? Ton see at once why Christ tells us to seek these things first—because they are the best worth seeking. Do you know anything better than these three things, anything happier, purer, nobler? If you do. seek them first; but, if you do not, seek first the King-. dom of God. 1 am net here this afternoon to tell Zou to be religious. Ton know that. I am not ere to tell you to seek the Kingdom of God. I bare come to tell you to seek the Kingdom of God dint. First—Not many people do that They put a little religion into their life once a week, perhaps. They might jutt as well let it alone. It is not worth seeking the Kingdom of God unless we seek it .first, uuppose you take the helm out of a ship and hang it orer tbe bowi, and send that ship out to sea, will it ever reach the other side? Certainly not. It will drift abont anyhow. Keep religion in Its place, and It will take you straight through life, And ^straight to your Father in heaven when life is orer. But, if you do not put it in its place, you may just as well have nothing to do with it. Religion out of ita place in ahuman life Is the most miserable thing In the world. There In nothing that requires so much to be kept in its place as religion, and ita place Is what ? second ? Third ? " First," yes first. Boys, carry that home with you to-day—first the Kingdom of God. make it bo that It will be natural to you to think about that the very flm thing. There was a boy in Glasgow aoprenticed to a gentle man who made telegraphs. The gentleman told me this himself. One day thia boy was up on Hie top a four-storey house with a number of men fixing up A telegraph wire. The work was all but done. It was getting lata, and the men said they were going awayhome, and the hoy was to nip off tfae ends of the wire himself. Before going down, they told him to be snre to go back to the workshop when he was finished, with bis master's tool*. " Do not leave anv of Ahem lying about, whatever yon do," said the foreman. The boy climbed up the pole, and began to nip off the ends of the wire. • It was a very cold winter night, and tbe dusk was gathering. He loot bis boh), and fall upon the elates, did down, and then orer into the all, almost to the ground. A clothes rope stretched across the "green" on to which he wae Just about to fall caught turn on tbe chest, Arid broke hie fall; but the shock was terrible, and he lay unconscious among some clothes upon the green. An old woman came out; peeing her rope broken and the clothes all soiled, thought Bis boy was drank, shook him, scolded him, and went for a policeman. And the boy with tbe shaking came back to consciousness, rubbed his eyes, got upon bis feet. What do yon think he did ? He staggered, half blind, away np tbe stairs. He climbed tbe ladder He got on to the roof of the bouse. He gathered np his tools, put them into his basket, took them down, and when be got to flie ground again fainted dead away. Just then the policeman came, saw there was something seriously wrong, and carried him to the infirmary, where he lay for some ;.time. I am glad to say he got'better, and is now doing well. What was his flrrt thought at that terrible moment ? Hie duty. He was not thinking of himself; he was thinking of' his master. First, the Kingdom of God. But there is another arithmetic word. Whit is it? added There is not one boy here who doesn't know the difference between addition and subtrac tion. Now, that is a very important difference in religion, because—and it is a very strange thing very few people know the difference when they begin to talk about religion. They always tell boys that if they eeek the Kingdom of God everything eleeie going to be subtracted from them. They teU them that they are going to become gloomy, miserable, and will lose everything that makes a boy's life worth living—that they will have to stop football and story-books, and become little old men, and spend all their time in going to meetings and in singing bymna. Now, that is not trne. Chriat never said anything like that. Christ says we are to " seek first the Kingdom of God," and everything else worth having is to be added onto us. If there is anything I would like yon to take take away with yon this afternoon it is these two arithmetic words—" flrat" and "added." I do not mean by added that If yon become religions you are all going to become rich. Herelsaboy whoonsweep log ontthe shop to-morrow morning finds sixpence lying among the orange boxes. Well, nobody has missed it. He pnts it in his pocket, and it begins to burn a bole there. By breaki&st; time he wishes that sixpence were in nis master's pocket, and by snd-by he goes to his master. He says to himself, and not to nis master, " I- was st the Boys' Brigade yesterday, and I was told to seek first that which was right" Then he says to bis master, " Please, sir, here is sixpence that I found upon the floor." The master pots it in the "till." What has the boy got in bis pocket? Nothing ;bnt be has got the Kingdom of God in his heart. He has laid np treasure in heaven, which is of infinitely more worth than that sixpem e. Now, that boy does not find a shilling on his way home. I have known that happen, but that is not what is meant by " adding." It does not mean that God is going to pay him in bis own coin, for He pays in better coin. In reality, religion doesn't Mil us to give anything hp ; it gives as something better until wegrow to be big, to have the thing we need to like. When yon see a boy on Bnt next birthday, when he looks back, he says, " What a goose I was last year to be delighted with a top; what I want now is a cricket bat." Then, when he becomes sn old man, he does not care in the least for a cricket bat; he wants rest, or a snog fireside, and a newspaper every day. He wonders bow be coald ever have taken up his thoughts with cricket bats and whipping tops. Now, when s boy becomes a Christian, he grows out of the evil things one by one—that in to say if tbey are really evil— which he used to set his heart upon; and so Instead 01 telling people to give np things, we are safer to tell them to " seek first the Kingdom of God," and then they will get new things, and better things, and the old thlnjm will drop off of themselves. I re member once hearing of a boy. He was very, very poor, Bellved in a foreign country, and bis mother said to him one day that he must go into the great city and start in business; and she took his coat ana cat it open, and sewed between the lining and the coat forty golden dinars, which she bad saved up for many, many years to Btart him in life. She told him to take care of robbers as he went across the desert, and as he was going out of the door nhe said, " My boy, I have only two words for yon— 1 Fear God, and never tell a lie.'" The boy started off, and towards evening he saw glittering in the dis tance the minarets of the great city, but between the city and himself be saw a cloud of dust; it came nearer; presently be saw that it was a baud of robbers. One of the robbers left the rest and rode towards him, and said. " Boy, what have yon got ?" And the boy looked him in the face, and said, "I have forty golden dinars sewed np in my coat." And the robber laughed, and wheeled round his horse, and went away back. Be would not believe the boy. Presently another robber came and said, " Boy, what have you got ?" " Forty golden dinars bo; le a foot," and wheeled his horse, and rode away back. By-aod-by the robber captain came, and he said, " Boy, what have you got?" "I have got forty golden dinars sewed np in my coat." and the robber dismounted, and put bis hand in the boy's breast, felt something round, counted one, two, three, four, fire, till he counted out the forty golden coins. Be looked the boy in the face, and said, " Why did you tell me that ?" The boy said, " Because of God and my mother." And the robber leant upon his spear, and thought, and he said, " Wait a moment" Be mounted his horse, rode back to the rest of the robbers, and came back in abont five minutes with bis dresB changed. This time he did not look like a robber, but like a mer chant Be took the boy up on his horse, and said, " My boy, 1 have long wanted to do something for my God and for my mother, and I hare this moment renonnoed my robber's life. I am also a merchant. I have a large business-house in the city. I want yon to come and lire with me to teach me about your God; and you will be rich, and your mother some day will come and lira with us." and it all happened. By seeking first the Kingdom of God, all these things were added unto him. Now, lastly, and very shortly, " What was the third head?' "Grammar." Bight. "Grammar." Now, I require a clever boy to answer the neat ques tion. What was the verb} "fieek." Very good; "seek,"verb. Whatmoodlsitln? What? "Im perative mood." What does it mean ? " Com mand." You boys of the Bovb' Brigade know what commands are ? "Yes." What is the |soldier'a first lessen 1 " obedience." Bave you obeyed this com mand? Bemembertbe Imperative mood of these words, " Seek first the Kingdom of God." It must be done, I have been trying to ehow you what a splendid thing it Is; what a reasonable thing it is ; what a happy thing it is; but beyond all these reasons, It Is a thing that must be done, because we are commanded to do it by our Captain. It is one of the finest things about the Boys' Brigade that it always appeals to Christ as its highest Officer, and takes its commands from Bim. Now, there is Bis command to seek first the Kingdom of God. " Well," I know some of yon boys will say. " Well, we are going to hBve a good time, enjoy life, and then we are going to seek- last—the Kingdom of God." Now, that is mean; it is nothing else than mean for a boy to take ail the good gifts that God has given bim, and then give Bim nothing back In retnrn but the dregs of his wasted life Besides, very few people have the opportunity to seek the Kingdom of God at the end. Christ, knowing all that, knowing that religion waa a thing for our life, not merely for our death bed, has laid this command npon us all, " Seek Urat the Kingdom of God." Now, I am going to say no more, but leave yen wlthtbia text itBelt. Boys, before yon go to work to-morrow, before you go to sleep to-night, before you go to the Sunday-school thlB afternoon, before you go out of the doors of the City Hall re solve that. God heloing you, yon are going to seek fir i the Kingdom of God. Some boys here are deserters; they began once before to serve Christ, and they deserted. Come back again, come back again to-day. Yon are all old enough to decide. And the grandest moment ot a boy's life ie that moment when he decides to seek first the Kingdom of God. We Bfaall now sing the last hymn, " Stand np for Jesus." Stand, please. 