STAND FAST, CRAIG- ROYSTON! Bv WILL JAM BLACK. Author of "A Princess of Tlmle," •• Sajbina Z (rubra " "The New Prince Forttunuus," tic. CHAPTER VI. FA LEY I.AJTD. It was a soft summer night, cool and fragrant after the heat of the long July day; and here under an awning in the stern of the house-boat White Bus*-,-were George Bethune, his granddaughter Maisrie and Vincent Hams, looking' «ut' upon' the magic scene that stretched away from them- on each baud up and down •the river. All" the dusk' was on lire with illuminations ; the doors .and 'windows of the house-boats sent forth a dull golden glow; there -were coloured lamps,-' crimson, blue, aud • range; there wrre strings of .Chinese lanterns that scarcely moved in the'faint stirring of the wind ; and now and again an electric launch would go by—stealthily and silently—with tiriiliant festoons of fierce white lights causing it to . look like • some gigantic and amazing insect irradiating the dark. _ The smooth Mirfticeof the stream quivered with reflections; Ju re and there "a rowing boat glided along with ;t cool plash of oars; a gondola came into view i ud slowly vanished—the white-clad gondolier ;».fionary as a ghost. Everywhere there was a m cut of flowers; and on board this particular house-boat there was but the one prevailing jx'rfiime; for the sole decoration of the saloon yunsifcted of deep crimson roses—a heavy s^len- "dour against the white and gold walls. 1< rom V»>me neighbouring craft came the tinkle of a banjo; there was a distant hum of conversation; "ijie unseen reeds and waterlilies could be imagiutd to l)e "whispering in -the silence. : : Among the further woods and meadows there iwas an occasional moving light-;-no doubt rthc campcrs-out were preparing to j>iteh their tents. "Mr. Talkative of Prating-row is hardly '-wanted here to- night;" old OeorgelJetliune was -Haying, unmindful of his own garrulous habits. " Music is better. What is that they are singing over there, Maisrie?" "' The Canadian Boat Song,' grandfather." " Oh, yes, of course ; I thought it was familiar. And very pretty it sounds, coming •across" the water—though I do not know whether the air is modern or old. What I am certain of," he continued, raising his voice slightly as he usually did when he was about .to discourse, "is that the finest national fairs .are ancient beyond-the imagination of men to conceive. No matter when words may have been tacked on to thein; the original melodies, -warlike, or pathetic, or joyous,- were the voice -Of piillioDs of generations that passed away leaving us only these expressions of wLat tbey Lid felt. A ad if one could only re-translate them!—if one could put back into spsec-h aii the human suffering that found expresson in such an air as 'The Last Rose of Summer, 5 wouldn't that electrify the world? I wonder liow many millions of generations must have suffered and wept and remembered ere that piteous c-ry could have been uttered; and when I come to Tom Moore's -wretched trivialities—" " Grandfather,''interposed Maisrie Bethnne, quickly (for there were certain subjects that angered him. beyond endurance) "you must not forget to show Mr. Harris that old play you found—with the Scotch aire, I mean." "Yes, that is curious," said the old man, yielding innocently. " Curious, is it not, tliat long before either Burns or Scott was born, a Scotchman named Mitchell should have collected over fifty of the best-known Scotch airs, aud printed them with words of his own. and that he should have chosen for the scene of his play the Borders of the Highlands, so as to contrast the manners aud customs of the Highland chieftains and their.fierce clansmen with those of theLowlandlairdsandtliesoldiery pent to keep the peace ^between them. The ' Highland Fair'' was produced at Drury Lane about 1730, if I remember aright; but I cannot gather Ewen and Colin, and Alaster and Kenneth, impressed the Londoners much. To me the book is valuable because of the airs— though I could wish for the original .songs instead of Mitchell's." Here Maisrie, seeing that her grandfather was started on a safer subject, quietly rose; and at the first pause she said, "I see some of the boats are putting out their lights, and that is a (hint for me to be off. 1 suppose we shall be woke early to-morrow morning by the boats. * Good-night, Mr. Harris! Good-night, grandfather !" She shook hands with both, and kissed her grandfather; then she passed into the glow of that wonderful rose-palace, and made her way : along to the ladies' cabin at the bow, into wlu'ch she disappeared. Vin Harris now lit a cigar— the first during this day. But when old George Bethuue resumed his monologue, it was neither Highland clans nor Lowland songs that, concerned him; it was p< niething that proved to be a good deal more interesting to his patient listener. It was of Maisrie's youth that bespoke, and that in a far . more simple and natural way than was his wont. There were no genealogical vauntings, no exalted visions of what she should be when she came in for her rights; there were reminiscences of her earlier years, aud of his and her wanderings together; and there was throughout a certain wistfulness in his tone. For once Jie talked without striving for effect, without tiying oratorically to convince himself; and it is to be imagined how entirely Vincent was -engrossed by this simple recital. Not that" -there was any consecutive narrative. The y;-TOg men could only vaguely, gather,that -Maine's father had been a railway engineer; vhat ho had married a young Scotch lady in ' Baltimore before going out west; that Maisrie had been born in, Omaha ; that shortly thereafter her mother, died : then came the collapse _«-f certain speculations her father had been led into, so that the widower, broken in heart and fortune, soon followed his young wife, leaving their child to the- care of her only surviving relative. Whether there were some remains of the shattered fortune, or whether friends subscribed tomake up a small fund for them, it ap]H>ared that the old man and his granddaughter were not quite penniless; for he took -credit to himself that lie had spent nearly all their little income, arising from this unspecified £uuroe, on Maisrie's education. " I wish to have her fitted for any sphere to -which 6he might be called," he went on, in » musing kind of way. "And I hope I have succeeded. She has had the best masters I could afford; and something of her teaching . 1 have taken upon myself. But, after all, that is not of the greatest importance. She has seen • the world—far more than most of her years; -and she has not been spoiled by the contact. I could have wished her, perhaps, to have had more of the companionship of her own sex; but that was not often practicable in our- wandering life. However, she has an intuitive sympathy that stands for wincH; and if in society—which is not much in our way—she might show herself shy and reserved, well, -1. for one, should not oomplain; that seems to me more to be coveted than confidence and self-assertion. As for outward manner she has never wanted any school-mistress besides-her natural taofc and her own refinement of feeling ; she is a gentlewoman at heart; rudeness, coarseness, presumption would be impossible to her." "The merest stranger can see that," Vin- «v»it ventured to say in rather a low voice. " And thus so far we have come through the world together/' the old man continued, in the same meditative mood. " What I have done I Lave done for the best. Perhaps 1 may have , -erred ; -what could Itellabouttbe uprearingof a young girl t And it may be that what she is now die is in spite of what I have done for her and -with hev-^-who knows such mysteries ? As for the future, pcrhajis it is better not to look to it. She is alone; she'is sensitive; the woiid is hard." "1 know many who would like to be her friends," the young man said breathlessly. " Sometimes," old George Betlifine continued slowly and thoughtfully, "I wonder whether 1 have done my best. I may have built on false hopes—and taught her to do the same. I «« young women better equip} ted for the battle of the world, if it is to come to that. Perhaps 1 have been selfish too: perhajs I have avoided looking to the time when she and I must in the natural course of things'be separated. We, ."have been' always together, as one,'J might isay; the same sunlight has shone on us, we "have met the same storms, and not much taring, so long as ,ve were thfe one with'tlie other. But then—the years that turn bo •'.granted me now are biit few ; and she h;\s no \kinsman to whom she can go, even to glean in the fields and ask for a pitcher of water. And w hen I think of her—akmo—among strangers— any Maisrie." His voice choked—but only for a moment. 2Ie suddenly sprang to ly's. feet, and flung his arms in the. air, as if he would free himself fmm this intolerable burden of despondeucy and doubt. \- "Why, " faiil he. in accents.of seomfnl im- . patience, " have I gone iu;uL »r what pestilent thing is this. S'A mi/;t < ord<l ! We have faced • the -world together, she and I, and no one has ever yet found us down-hearted. • 'We've aye been provided for. and saw will we yet;' I do not mean as regards the common necessities of .life—for those are but of small account—but the deejier necessities of sympathy and hope '• And confidence. ' Stand fast Craig-lioyston :— • * this rock <sliall fly from its firm base as soon as I!' Well, my young friend," he continued, \- uitc. cheurfully and bravely, " you have seen me in a mood that is not common with me; y«>u will say nothing about it—to her, w}K»iallj\ She puts her trust in me ; and so fair, I thmk, I liave riot failed her. I hive said toiler 'Omiette JJitfie comers-of the world in aims, and wc diill' shock them;' ill fortune' buffets uselessly against 4 jnan's unconquerable jpiud.' She knows the rape abe comes of, and the motto of that rnoe; Ccaig-Royston holds its front!. Well, well, bow. let me thank you for this beautiful evening, and on her behalf too; she is at the time when the mind should Pfwei Tiith plea.'iaBt aiemorits. JVrhaps I have \\)etii over communicative, and made you j the victim of idle fears; but there will !« no ; more of tliat; to-morrow you shall f.ud m-.: in ' my right mind." | He held out his hand. The young man did ! not know what to say—there was so much ro j say ! He could only_ make offer of some j further Little hospitalities, which Mr. Bethuue ; declined : then the steward was summoned, to i put out the lamps and make other pwpara- ! tions, so that the White Hose should fold its j jjctals together, for the slumber of the night, j And presently a profound peace reigned froui stem to stern ; ana the last plashing of the oars outside had died away. But it was not to sleep that Vincent devoted the early hours, of this uight aud morning, His roinu was tossed this way and that by all kinds of moods and projects, the former piteous and the latter wfldy impracticable. He_ had never before fully' realized how curiously solitary was the lot of these two wanderers, how strange was their isolation, how um.-ertain was their future. And while the old mail's courage aud bold front provoked his admiration, he could not help looking at the other side of the shield; what was to become of her when her only protector was taken from her ? He knew that they were none too well off, those two; and what would she do when left alone? But if on the very next day he were to go to Mis. Ellison and borrow £10,000 from lier, which he would have mysteriously conveyed to old -George Bethune? He could repay the money, partly by the sacrifice of his own small fortune, and partly by the assigning over of the parental allowance; -while he could go away to Birmingham, or Sheffield, or wherever the place Was, and .earn his living by becoming. Mr. Ogden's private .secretary. They need never know from whom this bounty came," and it would render them secure from all the assaults of.fortune. Away up there in the Black Country he would think of them; and it would lighten the wearisome toil of the desk if he could imagine that- ^laisrie Bethune had left the roar and squalor of London, and was perhaps wandering through these very Thaines-side meadows, or floating . in some wliite-garnitured boat, under the shade of the willows. There would be rest for the pilgrims at last, after their vrorld-butfetings. And so he lay and dreamed and pitied and planned, until in the window of the small state- room there appeared the first blue-grey of the dawn, about which time lie finally fell asleej>. But next morning ail was briskness aud activity around them—flags flying, coloured awnings being stretched, pale swirls of smoke rising from the stove-pijjes, the picnickers in the meadows lighting their spirit-lamps for the breakfast tea. The sun was shining brightly, but there was a cool breeze to temper tlielieat; the surface of thw stream was s-tirred into silver; tlx? willows and rushes were shivering and swaying; a scent of new-mown hay was in the aii-.* Already there \yere plenty of craft afloat, on business or on pleasure l>eufc; early visits being paid, or masses of flowers, ferw. and palms being brought along for purcli •; -• '>•-. Maisrie was the first to be up ana out; thf-n old George Bethune could be heard gaily singing in his state-room, as au accompaniment to his toilet— Hey, Joiuiie Cope, are ye vaukiii yet, Aud an; your drums :i-be:itin yet. If ye were -waukin, I would wait To lueet Joimie Cope in tlie niorniug'r Finally when Vincent, with many apologies for being late, made iii- appearance outside, he found the old man comfortably seated in the stern-sheets, under the pink-andwhite awning, reading a newspaper he had procured somewhere, while Maisrie was on the upper deck of the house-boat watering- the flowers with » cau that she had got from tlio steward. And, indeed, to this young man it appeared a truly wonderful thing that these three, some littlo while thereafter, in the cool twilight of the saloon, should be seated, at breakfast together ; tiiey seemed to form a little family by themselves, isolated and remote from the rest of the world. They forgot the crowded Thames outside and the crowded meadows; here there was quiet, and charming companionship ; a band that was playing somewhere was so distant as to be hardly audible. Then the saloon itself was so pretty; for though the boat was named the White Rose, there was a good deal of pale pink in its decorations; the llutings and cornice were pink where they were not gold, and pink were the muslin curtains drawn round the small windows; while the; profusion of deep crimson roses all round the' long room, and the masses of grapes and. pine-apples on the breakfast-table made tip a picture almost typical of summer, in the height of its luxuriance and shaded coolness. " This seems very nice," said the young host, " even supposing there were no river aud no racing. I don't see why a caravan like this shouldn't be put on wheels and taken away througli the country. There is an idea for you, Mr. Bethune, when you set out on your pilgrimage through Scotland; wouldn't a move- ' able of this kind be the very thing for Miss Bethune and you?—you could set it afloat if you wanted to go down a river, or put it on a lorry when you wanted to take the road." "I'm afraid all this luxury would be out of place in 'Caledonia, stern and_ wild,"'the old man said. " No, no ; these tilings are for the gay south. When Maisrie aud I seek out the misty solitudes of the north, and the graves of lien wick and Cargill, it will be on foot; and if we bring away -with us some little trifle to remind us of Logan's streams and Ettrick's shaws it will be a simple thing—a bluebell or a bit of yellow broom. I have been thinking that perhaps this autumn we might begin" " Oh, no, grandfather," Maisrie interposed at once. "That is imjwssible. You know you have the American volume to do first. What a pity it would be," she weut on, with an iueidioas and persuasive gentleness which the young man had seen her adopt before in humouring hor grandfather, " if some one cite were to bring out a book on the same subject before you. You know no one understands it so thorouglily as you do, grandfather; and with your extraordinary memory you can say exactly what you require; so that you oould send over and get the materials you want without any trouble*' 1 "Very well, very well," the old man said, curtly. " But we need not talk business at sueli a time as this." Xow there was attached to the White Hose a rowing-boat; and a very elegant rowing- boat it was, too, of varnished pine ; and by-and-by Vincent proposed to his two guests that they should get into the stern, and he would take a short pair of sculls, and pull them up to the bridge to show their* the other house- boats, and Hie jjeople, and the fun of the fair generally. "But wouldn't you take the longer oars," said Maisrie, looking down into the shapely gig, " and let me have one "Oh, would you like that he said, with eager delight. " Yee, by all means, if you care to row. It is a light boat though it's long; you wont find it hard pulling. By-the-way," I hunted about eveiywhere to get a gondola for you, and I couldn't.* 1 " But who told you I had ever tried an oar in a gondola?" she asked with .a smile. " Why, you yourself; was I likely to forget it V he said reproachfully. And oh! wasn't he a proud young man when he saw this rare and radiant creature—clad all in white she was, save for a bunch of yellow king-cups in her white sailor hat, and a belt of dull gold satin at her waist—when he saw her step down into the boat, and take herpl ace, and put out the stroke oar -with her prettily shaped hands. Her grandfather was already in the stern in possession of the tiller-ropes. When they moved off into mid-stream it was very gently, for the river was already beginning to swarm: and he observed that she pulled as one accustomed to pulling, and with ease; while as lie was responsible for beeping time they had nothing to bo ashamed of as they slowly moved up the course. Indeed, theyjwere only paddling; sometimes. they had to call a halt together, when there was a confusion; aud this not unwelcome leisure they devoted to an observation of the various crews—girls in the lightest of summer costumes, young nien iu violent blazers—or to a covert'ins]>ectioii of the other house-boats, with their parterres and festoons of flowers, there huge Japanese sun-shades and tinted awnings, and' the brilliant gronjis of laughing and chatting visitor.". Oh, Mr. Harris, do look—jsu't that a pretty one 1"' Maisrie exclaimed iu au undertone. . . • > • He glanced iu the -direction indicated, and thoiy V«-lield a very handsouie house-boat, all of rieh-lvuetl mahogany, its cliief decoration being tiowi-r boxes in blue tiles filled with marguerites. At the same iushuit he found that a pain if vys were fixed on him—eyes that were familiar-—and the next moment he knew that Mrs. I'iUison, from the upper deck of that muhogimy house-boat, was regarding him and his comimmons with an intense curiosity. But so swift m as her scrutiny, aud so impassive her face, that ert> he oould guess at the result of her investigation she had made him a formal little bow and turned away to talk to her friends. Of course with one hand on the oar bo raised his hat with the other; but the effect of this sudden recognition was to leavo him rather breathless aud bewildered, I* is true lie had ha3f expected her to be there; but all the same he was lint- quite prepared; and— and he was wondering what she was thinking now. Hoseser, the officials were beginning to clear the course for the first race ; so the gig was run in' behind one of the tall white poles; ;iud there the small party of three remained until the rival creire liad gone swiftly by, when it war- permitted them to return to the White _ AfV:r lunchpon he s»id he would leave fci« guests to theiuselves for a little, while, as he wished to pay a visit to a friend he had seen on one of the other bouse-boats; then he jumped into the gig, made liis way along to the Villeggiatura,*got on board, weut up the steps, and found himself among a crowd of people. Mrs. Ellison, noticing him, discreetly left the group she was with, and came to hi!" taking Iiiib in a measure apart. " Wait a moment. Viu," i!ie said, regarding the young man. " If you wish it—if you prefer it—I have seen nything." "What do you mean, aunt?" he said, with : some inclination to anger. " Why should I i seek any concealment- ? I waut you to conic . along that I may introduce to you tw< > friends of mine." _ j Instinctively she seemed to d:\\-r.v Itack a j little—almost as if she were afraid. j " Oh. no, thanks Vin. No, thanks. Please j leave me out." j " Why Y" he demanded. I The pretty young widow was embarrassed and troubled; for she knew the fiery nature of young men, and did not want to provoke any quarrel by an unguarded expression. "Well—it is simply this, you know—they are strangers—I mean—I suppose^ that neither vour father nor any of the family have met them—they seemed somehow like strangers— unusual looking—and—and I shouldn't like, to be the first. Leave me out, there's a good boy. " Why he demanded again. So she was driven to confession.. • " Well, look here, Yin ; I may be wrong: but aren't these new friends somehow connected with your being so much away from home of late — with your being iu those lodgings? Was it there you made their acquaintance ?" "If you want to know, I saw them first at Lord Musselburgh's," said he with an amazing audacity; for although the statement was literally true, it was entirely misleading. And apparently it staggered the pleasanteyed young widow. • "Oh, at_ Lord-Musselburgh's?" said she, with A, distinct (but -cautious) change of manner. Oh, .really Lord Musselburgh's. - But why should you want to introduce me to them3 Vin?" _ ''.Because," said he, "they have never v met any member Of our family; and as you are the most good-natured and prettiest,. I want to produce a' favourable impression at the outset." She laughed and was not displeased. " There are some other qualities that seem to characterise our family — impudence for one," she observed. " Well come along then, Vin ; where are your friends ;" "In a house-boat down there—the White Rose." ' "The White lJose? I noticed« yesterday —very pretty—whose is it ?'- " Mine for the present; I rented it for the week," he replied. "Who are the othpr members of your party Y" "ISone—only those two." But here she paused at the top of the steps; and said in an undertone— " Really, Vin, this is too much ! You, a voung man entertaining those two— and 110 ladv c-haperou" . . He turned and looked at her with straight c-Trs, " "Oh, it's quite right,'"' she said, hastily. It s quite right, of course—but-—but so much tit i vi<l<\- nte — so prominent — people might talk" " I never try to hinder people from talking,' said he, with a certain scorn. " And if they busv themselves with my small affairs, they are "welcome to ring their discoveries from the tops of the steeples. I did not ask anybody's permission when I invited two friends of mine, who had never been to Henley before, to be my guests during the regatta-week." "Of course not, of course not," she said, gently; but you are doing it in such a. marked way" "Come, come, aunt," said he, l i it isn't like you to niggle alxiut nothing. You are not a prude; you have too much goodnature—and too much common sense. And 1 don't want you to go on board the White Rose with any kind of prejudice in your mind." They could not get away just then, however, for the course w;is being cleared for tlie next race ; so they lingered there until they saw, far away on the open river, two small objects like water-insects, with slender quick-moving legs, coming rapidly along. The dull murmur of the crowd hecame a roar as the boats drew nearer. Then the neodle-like craft shot by, almost neck and neck; and loud were the shouts that cheered this one or that; while straining eyes followed them along to the goal. The sudden wave of enthusiasm almost immediately subsided^; the surface of the river was again being crowded by the boats that had been confined,behind the white poles; and now Vincent got his fair companion down into the gig and, with some little difficulty and delay, rowed her along to the White Rose. He was very anxious as he conducted her on board: but lie affected a splendid carelessness. ' - _ " ill-. Bethune." said he, let me introduce yon to my aunt, Mrs. Ellison—Miss Bethune, Mrs. Elbson—now come away inside4 and well get some tea or strawberics or something —racing isn't everything at Henley" '•It isn't anything at all, as far as I have seen," said Sirs. Elisou, goodhumouredly, as she followed her nephew into the saloon. "Well, this is very pretty—very pretty indeed—one of the simplest and prettiest—so cool looking. I hear this is your first visit to Henley," she continued addressing the old man, when they had taken their scats. Vincent meanwhile, bustling about to get wine and biscuit6 and fruit, for the steward had gone ashore. "It is," said he, "and I am glad that my granddaughter; lias seen it iu sueli favourable circumstances. Although she has travelled much, I doubt whether die has ever seen anything more charming, more perfect in its kind. We missed the Student's Serenade at Naples last year; but that would have heen entirely different, lio doubt ; but this is a vast water picnic, amongst English meadows, at the fairest time of the year, and With such a brilliancy of colour that the eye is delighted in every direction." He was self-possessed enough (whatever their eagerly solicitous young hast may have been); aud lie went on, in a somewhat lofty aud sententious fashion, to describe certain of the great public festivals and spectacles he. had witnessed in various parts of the world. Mrs. Ellison was apparently listening, as she ate a strawberry or two; but in reality she was covertly observing the young giil (who sat somewhat apart) said taking note of every line and lineament of her features, and even every detail of her dress. Vincent brought Mr. Bethune a tumbler of claret -with a lump of ica in it; he drained a deep draught, and resumed his story ofpageants. Maisrie was silent, hereves averted. The young man asked himself whether the beautiful profile, the fine nostrils, the sensitive mouth, would not plead for favour, even though she did not speak. It seemed a thousand pities that her grandfather should be in this garrulous mood. Wliy did not Mrs. Ellison turn to the girl direct?—-he felt sure there would be an iustant sympathy between those, if only Maisrie would appeal with her wonderful, true eyes. Whatonearth did anyone want to know about the resplendent appear* auce of the White Cuirassiers of the Prussian Guard, as they rode into Prague a week a week or two Jafter the battlo of Koniggratz, with their dusty and swarthy faces and their copper-lined breastplates , lit up by the wester; ingsun? But, on the other hand, Mrs. Ellison was not displeased by this one-sided conversation; quite the contrary;. she wanted to know all about these strange people with whom her nephew had taken up; and the more the old man talked the better she resented die intervention of a race which Master Vin dragged them all v.-fiy to see; and as soon as it was over—they were now seated in the stem sheets of the boat—she turned to Mr. Bethune with a question. I understand," she said, in a casual sort of way, " that you know Lord Musselburgh ?" At this Maisrie looked up startled. " Oh, yes, said her grandfather, in his serene and stately fashion. "Oh, yes. A most promising young man—a "young man who will make liis mark. Perhaps he is riding too many hobbies; and yet it might not lie prudent to interfere and advise.' A young' man in his position is apt to bo hot- headed" " Mrs: Ellison," inter]xwed Maisrie, " we are only slightly acquainted with Low! Musselburgh—very slightly indeed. The fact is he was kind enough to interest himself in -a book that my grandfather hojjes to bring out shortly." " Oh, really," said tlie pretty widow with a most charming smile (perhaps she was glad of this opportunity of talking to the young lady herself) -''and may I ask—pardon my curiosity —what the subject is?" "It is a collection of poems written by Scotchmen living in America and -Canada," answered Maisrie, quite simply. "My graudfathcrimwle the aoquaintanceof several of them, and heard of others, and he thought that a volume of extracts, with a few short biographical notices, might "be interesting to the Scotch people over here. For it is alwut Scotland that they mostly write, I think, and of their recollections — perhaps that is only natural." "And,when may wo expect it?" was the next question. Maisrie turned to her grandfather. " Oh, well," the old man made answer With an air of magnificent unconcern, " that is difficult to say, The book is not of such great importance; it may have to stand aside for a time. For one thing, I should most likely have to return to the other side to collect materials; whereas, while we are here in the old country, there are so many opportunities for research in other and perhaps more valuable directions, that it would be a thousand pities to neglect them. Jfor example, now," he continued, seeing that Mi's. Ellison listened meekly, " I have- undertaken to write for my friend Carmichad, of the Edinbttiyk Chronicle, ' a series of papers on a branch of our own family that attained to a great distinction in , the Western Isles during the • reign of the Scotch Jameses—the learned Beatons of Islay and MulL" " Oh, indeed," said Mrs. Ellison, affecting much interest, "Yes," resumed old 'itorgc Bethune, with mueh diiniified eomplancency, " it will be a singular history if ever I find time to trace it out. Tlie whole of that family seem to have been regarded with a kind of superstitious reverence; all their sayings were preserved ; j and even now, when a proverb is quoted in the Western Ides, they add 'as the sage Mull said' or 'as the sage of L-iay said.' For idlanih, I may inform you, ifrs.—Mrs."- " Ellison," she said kindly. '' Mrs. Ellison—I l>eg your pardon — my h -aring is not what is was. UdmiJi. in the Gallic tongue means at once a Doctor of Medicine and a wise man" "They distinguish between the-terms in English," put in Vincent. "—and doctors most of them appear to have been," continued the old man, quite oblivious of interruption; indeed he seemed to be reading something out of his memory rather than addressing particularly any one of his audience. " A certain Hector Beaton, indeed, got a considerable grant in Islay for having cured one of the Jameses when all the Edinbui-gli Faculty had failed; and I myself have seen in the island of lona the tombstone of the last of the Mull doctors of • the name, but he died so late as 1057. Hie jacct Johanis Betonus MacUnorum famtiia- Medicus — no doubt there must be some mention of those Beatons in the archives of the various families of Maclaren in Mull. Then I daresay I could get a drawing of the tombstone—though I can remember the inscription well enough — Ecce cadit jacuto rietricis Mortis iniquae. qui alios solverat ijpse mnli. The coat of arms, too, has the three mascles of tlie Bethunes" "Of the Bethunes?—then you are of the same family ?" said Mrs. Ellison, this time with a little genuine curiosity. • But tie intcmiption had the effect- of rousing him from his historical reverie. -"I. would rather say," he observed, with sopie stiffness, "that they were originally of Air family. Tlie Norman de Bethune would easily be changed into the Scotch Beaton.^ "Then there was Maiy Beaton, of the Queen's Maries," Mrs. Ellison suggested. But at this the old man frowned. ' He did not wish any fictitious characters brought into these authentic annals. "An idle tale—a popular rhyme," said he. " There is no real foundation for the story of Mary Hamilton that ever I could get hold of. Of course there may have been a Mary Beaton at Queen Mary's Court—what more likely?— and Mary Beaton would come trippingly to the popular tongue in conjunction with Mary beaton; but that is all. It is with real people, and imxiortant people, I shall have to deal when I get to the Advocates Library in Edinburgh." " Oh, yes, certainly—of course—I quite understand," slie said humbly. And then she rose. " Well. I must lie getting back to my friends. Vin, or they will think I have slipped over the side and been drowned." "But won't you stay to dinner, aunt?" said he. " I wish you would!" "Oh, no, thanks, I really couldn't." she answered with a sudden earnestness that became more intelligible to him afterwards. "1 couldn't run away from my hosts like that. What would they think of me "They never would notice your absence," said he. " Well, that is a pretty speech !"' " I mean among such a crowd. Conn*!—our small party needs making up, while they have got^ too many. "I really" daren't, Vin, it would be too bad."' Then she turned to Mr. Bethune and his granddaughter. "By-the-way," she said, " Lord Musselburgh is coming down to-morrow —merely for the day—aud he will be on board the Villeggiatunu Would you, all of you. like to come along and have a look over the boat, or shall I send him to you to pay you a visit, here ?" It was Maisrie who replied—with perfcc-t selfceomposure. " Our acquaintance with Lord Musselburgh is so very slight,' Mrs. Ellison," said she, "i'lat it would hardly be worth while making either proposal. • I doubt whether he would even remember our names." Whereupon the young widow bade good-by to Maisrie with a pretty little smile; the old gentleman bowed to her with much dignity; and then she took her seat in the stern of the gig, while her nephew put out the sculls. When they were well out of hearing Mrs. Ellison said—with a curious look in her eyes of perplexity and half-frightened amusement— " Vin, who is that old man?" " Well, you saw aunt," he made answer, "Oh, yes, I saw, I saw. But I am none the wiser. I could not make him out at alL Sometimes I thought he was a self-conceited old donkey, who was simply gabbling at random ; and again he seemed really to believe what he was saying about his connection with those Beatons and de Bethunes and the Scotch Kings, But there's something behind it all, Vin; I tell you there is; and I can't make it out. There's something about him"-— "There's nothing mysterious at all!" he exclaimed, impatiently. "But who is he,"-then?" she persisted. "What is he? Wliere is his family; Where are his relatives ?"' " I don't think he has any, if it icomes to that, except his granddaughter, 5 her nephew replied. "What does he do, then? How does he exist He was Ix'giiming to resent this cross-examination ; but yet he said civilly, euough, "I am not in the habit of making enquiries about the income of every one I meet; but I understand they have some sma!l sum of money between them—not much; and then lie has published books, and he writes for the Edinbn-rfih WtcMy Chvon&Jc.; Is that euough " Where does ho live;""' " In Mayfair." " I don't believe a word of it!"' she said, aud she even ventured to laugh in a half-embai-- rassed way. "I believe he dwells in a cavehe is a troglodyte—he comes out at dusk—and wanders alxiut with a lantern and a pickaxe. Really, when I looked at his shaggy eyebrows and his piercing eyes, and his venerable beard, I thought he must be some Druid come to life again,- or perhaps one of those mythical island-doctors airyiricg from the. fourteenth century.... " At all events, atM," Vincent said, with an ominous distinctness of tone, "his age and what he has come through might procure for Mm a little respect. It isn't like you to jeer and jibe simply because a man is old—" " My dear boy, I am not jibing and jeering,* she protested. _ "I tell you I am puzzled There's something about that old man I can't make out." "How could you expect to understand anybody—in half-an-hour's talk at Henley Regatta?" he said, indignantly. -"I gave you the opportunity of getting to kuow them both, if only yon had come along this evening, and spent some time with them. I am not aware that either of them wants to conceal anything. They are not ashamed of their poverty. Perhaps the old man talks too much; you, at least, pretended to find -what he said interesting. And as for the girl, no doubt die was silent ; she isn't used to be stared at and examined by critical and unsympathetic eyes." The young widow elevated her brows: here was something unexpected ! "V3n Harris,"she said, solemnly, "areyou quarrelling with me because—because I am not glamoured? Is it as bad as that? If so, than I am extremely glad I did tiot aeeep invitation for this. evening. I am compromised far enough already—" " What do yon mean by compromised j" he demanded. But just at this moment she had to call to him to look out, for they had almost arrived at the Vi/Jcffffuitura. He glanced over his shoulder, pulled a stroke with his right oar, sliipped the other, and then, having gripped the stern of the house-boat, "he affixed the painter' of the gig, and, letting lier back fall into tlie stream, returned to the thwart he had occupied. - "I wish to ask-you, aunt,'" said he, in a sufficiently stiff and formal tone, "how you consider you have. Jieen compromised through meeting any friends'of mine."" ! " Oh," said she, hajf inclined to laugh, yet a little bit afraid to, ' -don't ask me. It isn't as serious as that—I mean, I didn't think you would take it seriously. No doubt it's * all right, Vin, your choosing your own friends: and I have nothing to .say against them; only I would rather you left me out, if you doii't mind. A ou src., 1 •don't know your intentions—"' "Supposing I have lioue?"' he demanded agaiuv " Well, Tin one can sav what mav happen."-' the young widow jiersisted; "and I should not like to be appealed to. Now, now, Vin, don't be so jiassionate! Have I said a single word against your new friends? Not one. I only confess that I'm a selfish and comfort-loving woman, and I don't wish to be drawn into auy family strife. There may be no family strife'? Very well; so much the lietter. But my having no further acquaintance with Mr. Bethune and Miss Bethune—my having no knowledge of them whatever, for it practically comes to that —cannot injure them, and leaves me free from responsibility. Now don't quarrel with me. Vin; [for I will not- allow it. I have beeii talking common sense to vnu, but I suppose that is what no man ut "twenty-five understands. ' He -hauled up the gig to the stem of the house-boat as an intimation that she could step on board when she chose. "There," said she. as she gave him her hand in parting, "I see I have offended vou; but what I have said has been for vour sake as well as mine." Well, he was vexed, disappointed, and a little inclined to be angiy. But all that darkness fled from his spirit—he foigot all about Mrs. Ellison's friendly monitions—he had no eare for any speculations as to the future— 1 when he was back again in the White Itoxe, sitting by Maisrie Bgthune, be And sl»e to- gether looking abroad on the gay crowd, and the boats, and the trembling willows, an ! the j slow-moving skies now growing warmer with i the afternoon sun. Then, when the last of the j races was over, came dinner; and as twilight stole over the river and the meadows, tho illuminations began, the rows of coloured lan- I terns showing one after the other, like so many j fireflies in the dusk. Of course they were sit- j tingoutsidenov.-—on this placid summer night— j in fairyland. j 