—a—— RESCUED. By Mrs. HENRY E. DUDEXEY, Author of "My. Terrible Plight," "Shadowed for Vengeance," etc. CHAPTER I. — The Voyage from the CAPK., . She was a pretty, young girl — so pretty, so young, that it seemed strange she should be " ! travelling alone. We were returning from Cape Colony to Old : fcngiand, and our three weeks' voyage was ..'nearly Half over before I succeeded in making the acquaintance of my pnetly fellow-pas senger. ' Jm&fr; Flier I wish to speak ; it is her tale I . j'W'nl I n tell ; but I may be allowed to introduce pfinyself as John, usually known as Jack Barroner, aged 38, of no profession, and possessed of a moderate income. I have said she was pretty ; perhaps beautiful is hardlv top strong a word. Such a dainty head, crowned with masses of wavy, light-brown hair, suoh wondrous grey eyes, such perfect curves of cheek and chin and figure. Can you wonder that I longed to make her acquaintance and felt piqued at her obvious in- difference on the subject ? . My heart, my battered bachelor heart, begaai to be affected. I was sliding into love — with a girl whose very name I did not know. One glorious afternoon we were both on deck. She was lying back in a capacious chair, devour ing a 44 yellow back," and I was leaning over the side cudgelling my brain for an excuse to break the ice. If only something would happen to create a diversion I might manage it. But I could not walk up to her and volunteer an inane remark without the ghost of an excuse. The diversion came. A vessel, ova dhark, or something equally obliging had been sighted, and there was a general stampede. My fair unknown followed the mob and left her book face downward on the chair. . Then I did a rot aa action. I hid the novel behind a coil of rope which lay conveniently near. She came back soon, and puckered her arched brows when she discovered her loss. I came forward with as nonchalant an air as I: could assume. , " Pardon me. Have you lost anything ? If so, perhaps I can be of use in helping to find it.' " You are very kind," she said, in a sweet voice ; 44 1 have lost my book. I know I left it on the chair, and now Lmanaged to affect a surprise I certainly did wot feel when the missing novel was finally un earthed from what she said was " such aii un- likely place," and then we glided into adis- cuBsion about novels in general — the merits of different authors, and so on. \- That was the beginning of our acquaintance, :ahd it ripened fast. I believe I was the only one on . board who dreaded the end of the . voyage. I could hot bear to thiiik that the long coming days, spent by Miss Tlianet's side, would soon be over. That was her name — Audrey Thanet. "It ;is far too romantic," said itsowner. " It does not sound real, you know. I cannot think what made poor papa choose such a name?" . Her eyes filled with tears as she mentioned her father. He lay with her mother in a -colonial grave, and Audrey was returning to England to find a home with her brother. .She told ine about him often— she had told me eveiy detail of lier simple history, such firm friend? had we become— and wliatT heard of him did not prepossess me. . .He had held an important position in a lead ing Capetown mercantile house, and had. been dismissed ignouiiiiidusly. I rather suspected, from a hint Audrey dropped, that his offence had. really placed him within the reach of the ' law. He hifd been Bhipped to England and a t_ berth found for him in a City house. Here, too, he <had beaten a ha6ty and enforced retreat. "But now," wound up the sister, " lie is doing \- -very well. He wrote a little while before . father died to say he was making a really good . ; .income.. But he did not say how." \- . "He did not say how." To my worldly mind this looked suspicious. Remembering the discreditable past of this unknown brother, and reflecting on bis mysterious present, I- did not relish .the idea of haudiug Audrey over to his reire. 1 But as' he lived in LdndohT should he able to continue my friendship with the girl I had learned to love, and could protect her in case of , need. .« " Only," said Audrey, in a lialf-a, mused, half- nnnoyea tone, "I cannot even give you my ad dress.. I. do not know- it. There will be a letter awaiting ine at Southampton from Frank, and he will tell me of course." At last the voyage was over. "We landed at Squthampton. There was a letter for Audrey ' and one' for me. Mine was a sad one — my " mother waS daiigerously ill. I should have .that niglit totravel to Disuev. the little Cornish village where she lived. «. — ' )- Frank Thanet wrote to tell liis sister he would ineetthe G.1'2 train from Southampton. But he gave not the "slightest hint of his place of abode. , veiy strange," said Audrey, thought- fully; ' " and is slightly inconvenient. But Frank, with a tiny sigh, " always had a trange way of doingthinga." ..." , ' "I only wish," 1 said, impulsively, " that I cbuld travel with you. But you see it is im possible.' „ " Qfoqujss.it is," she; said -promptly, " and "quite unnecessary. Perhaps we shall meet again some day, Mr. Barroner. I'm 'sure' I Jiope so.c.jBut in any case, I shall never forget how pleasant you made ..the.) last half of mv lonely voyage." (I put her into the train, and at the imminent risk of losing my owh, stayed by her side until the last. . .. I gave her. my card, with my London address on it. Do write;" I pleaded, 44 that I may call. . "Gertainly I will," she added, warmly. " I should like you to know Frank. , Dear fellow ! 'He' is So handsome, and has been so unfortunate. -Good-bye, Mr.' Barroner. ' ; ' ; ; Then, the train steamed out of the station , and I looked my hist at the pale, pure face .which; had enchanted ine. She waved her hand and' 'gstve a bright smile 'of fa rewell as the long line tof.carriages. went one by one into the blackness of the night. Hers in turn was. swallowed up, and I stood alone on the platform, gazing: blankly up the line.' A' horrible foreboding canie over ine that we should not meet again, a: "fearful feeding of anxiety came over me at the : 'thought of that beautiful girl travelling alone to I the great' city to meet' h'er' sole gaurdian— a! young,and not very reputable, brother. What; kind, of home would .he make for her? What- (would be_her surroundings ? Should we ever, -meet again, or would-' vast Lbndon hide her from; .toe for .ever ?. With these gloomy i questions ' I ; was .tortured as I wentjpn.my journey. to 'CHAPTER II.— Three Events. - '-£ 'Six months passed slowly away, and I heard.' vtnptlungi of Audrey. I loved her, if' .-anything, .even more than 1 had done: dfaritig' those sweet sunny days of our voyage; 'from the Cape. Yet I doubted if we' should; ieyer .: meet- again. I had nothing; tangible to guide me in . iny search! Audrey had said her "brother was handsome ; .tliat probably meant lie ras like 'his sister! So I took to haunting ' the: i'bosy. city just at the hour when it was disgorg- fag.ita i clerks by the hundred. But not one of the dapper, tall-hatted youths bore the remotest ''resemblance to Audrey. So gradually I slipped- .-.back to 'my. indolent club fife. Yet Audrev, Jthoiigh lost, was never forgotten. " At the end of the six inonthe three tilings "happened; I will take them 'in the order ui iwhich they came. Event number one took place in a . railway carriage id' which I was travelling to Portsmouth; and of which' I was the sole oc cupant. ' ; -1 was smoking and reading, aiid wishing my-. r-seli at my journey's ends "when 1 a suspicious ..movement of the valance of the cushioned seat " opposite ine attracted my attention. : : It was fluttering to and fro, not a3 it would ; . do if agitatetl by wind, hut ae :-f a hand were ; moving behind it. This flutteriug was followed by the appearance of a head— a cloee-cropped \- heSiS — belonging to a young man ; so far as I . i could: see, a handsome young man. (; , .".IIope I didn't startle you," he said politely, with a sang-froid which under the circuin- stances was surprising. He dragged himself afronK under the seat, alighted on liis feet, and vCtietehedhie arms luxuriously above his head. " Confoundedly cramped position ; I couldn't stand it aiiy longer. Daresay you wonder how vlgot there." 7- y "Mb ; tlie mere act of getting there would he t .easy. I "should like to know your reason for " 'shell an unusual act." i.v He hesitated for a moment, and his eyes ; ..wandered to the rack above my head— the rack -«B whieh was my " Gladstone," marked with ' my name in full. The sight of . thiB common place article of luggage seemed , to inspire him. w-' v--j I'll explain with pleasure," he said, smiling impudently, and rolling a cigarette as bieeppke. "As a matter of fact, lam flying \- omjustice.,'- « " Indeed," returned I ironically, " then as I am a stickler for the maintenance of the law, It wBl be my unpleasant duty to hand you ' ever to its tender mercies at the next station." ,, .. My dear fvP.ow, you will do nothing of' You couldn't.'' ;. $o$' wifli find . I cau,". I retorted hotly. ; to reafad jpu that in a scuffle I ' : -- Atttdgtiualy hftfe thejwrt-of.it.'' .- - Yet you will not exercise them on me. Hang it," he went on with a low laugh, " I feel- safe' with vou that I have a miiid to tell you the whole story. At least I will enlighten you as to my identity. I am Frank Thanet-. You i may remember my pretty sister. She haB told me about you." He had succeeded at last in startling me out of my apathy. Good heavens ! This impu dent stowaway, this confessed criminal, was Frank Tlumet, the sole guardian of the girl I loved. What had been her fate in euch hands ? " I surprise you. But you will not give me up now, I fancy. Think of the disgrace to Audrey." " If I fail to do my duty, it will be solely for sake," I rejoined sternly, " and only on condition that you tell me where she is.'' He scribbled an address on a sheet torn from his pocket-book, and handed it to me. 26 Gosworthy Gardens, St. John's "Wood. "There you are," he said lightly. "And now, ta-ta. We shall meet again under more auspicious circumstances, I hope. Accept my thanks for your valuable assistance, and wheu you see her, give my love to Audrey." We were at B . He jumped from the train, walked jauntily across the platform and I saw him no more. I took the next train back to London and drove_ to Gosworthy Gardens. There were only sixteen houses in the whole' vow, and not a single tenant from 1 to 16 knew anything of a Miss Thanet, So I was foiled. Had I met my impudent fellow-passeuger. again, his chance of mercy at my hand would have been slight indeed. Another month went by, then event number two occurred. This was nothing less than a meeting with Audrey. She was walking down Piccadilly, accom panied by a fair and rather dissipated-looking man. It wrung my heart to see how she had altered. Her pretty oval face was thin and colourless; her eyes, those deep grey eyes, whose shy .glance I remembered so well, had lost their sparkle. I stepped hastily forward, but before I reached her she saw me, and, first glancing in a frightened way at her companion, signed to ine not to notice her. Her distress was obvious, ;her desire so evident that, by a great effort, I drew back. It was hard, after waiting so long, not to be able to speak to her, but I did the next best thing — I followed at a safe distance. Yet here again my persistent ill-luck attended me. A crowded corner, a dangerous crossing, and 1 had lost' sight of Audrey. I was no nearer a solution of her fate than on the night when I stood on the platform at Southampton and watched the train carry her away. Event three was a letter. A wretched scrawl, written in red pencil on the margin torn from a newspaper. Yefc the untidy little note was dearer to me than the daintiest of scented billet- doux would have been— for it was Audrey's. " I am in great distress," she wrote, " and yon are the only person I know who may help me Meet-me this evening at seven o'clock outside. . Homertou Station," Seven, nay half-past six, saw me anxiously pacing backwards and forwards outside tbo station of the dingy East-end suburb. How madly mv heart throbbed when I saw my love approaching! How tenderly I held her little hand and looked into her beautiful face — the face which had grown so sadly drawn and care worn ! CHAPTER III.— Unravelling the Skein. " And this is where you live ?" I asked in a disgusted tone as I looked round the shabby back parlour of the house to which she had brought me. The hideous green rep curtains ot the dirty window the stained table oover and rickety chairs, the coarse drugget which lay on the floor — what a setting for beauty ! Indignant thoughts rose in my heart, tender words - to my lips. The latter, at least, I checked. I remembered in time that, dear as she was to me, we were almost strangers ; we had not even got beyond the "Miss Thauet" and " Mr. Barroner" stage. " And this is the home your brother has pre pared for you " Yes," she said, with a wan little smile and a touch of her old saucy charm. " Perhaps I shouldapGiogiseforbringiugyoutosuch a shabby place! But oh, Mr. Barroner, I could put up with it no longer. The poverty one might en dure, hut the mystery, the crime which hang around the house are unbearable." Her voice sank to alowtoneof horrorasshecon- cluded. She looked round the room as if with a furtive dream that even the walls might have ears. " Do trust in me," I pleaded. " I will do, I am anxious to do, the very best in my power for you." " I know you are," she said, gratefully ; "that is why I wrote. It was wrong, un- maideuly perhaps, but I had no one else." Poor child ! The pathos in that sweet, vibrating voice touched me strangely. ' " He will be back in half an hour," she said, glancing at the clock. "We must arrange something, and you must be ojit of the house ", before then." ! - \- " Do you mean your brother?" "No.. His friend, Mr. Padman — the man you saw 'me with in Piccadilly ! I do not' know how they get their money, or why they force me to live so strangely in tin's miserable house," she continued in hurried feverish tones. " The whole upper part is kept locked, and I am virtually 'a prisoner in these two rooms. I never go out alone ; I may not even walk in the garden ; neither must I open the street door." " Do they leave the house at regular hours ?" I asked. " No." Sometimes they are away for days at otner times they will lock themselves up for almost a week in the rooms upstairs." " All this is very mysterious," I said. " You must not stay here another night. Your brother has treated you shamefully. I fear he is involved in some serious scrape. I will' find you a more suitable home." / "You!" she asked; .tinridlj drawing.- hei hand from mine and' flushing scarlet. " I, my darling, oh Audrey, canyon not see how.l love you, have; loved jrou since . " " Hiish," she whispered in. horror, and heard a latch key turned in the street door, " it is Frank or Mr. Padman. " They will murder you, I know. Oh, where can you hide ?" ' : I am not going to hide. Quite the contrary, I mean to have it out with your brother or his friend." ' " Do.you, indeed I turned round, and saw thefair dissipated-looking man— Frank Thanet's aQcoraplice. " It seems to me," he said sneeringly, " that you will regret sneaking here to Miss Thanet when her brother is out of the way. And she will regret it too." He shot a malevolent glance from his bloodshot grey ey es in Audrey's direction. : . " And Vou don't leave this house until you swear never to enter it again, and not to go blabbing: about any .lies she may have told you." : " I'll never make the first promise," I said, hotly, because Iintend to take Miss Thanet j out of the house this night— never to return. As to the second, so far from promising, I assure - you that I mean to find oiit what illegal business you and Frank Thanet have been carrying on." . " I don't know what you are," he said ( angrily ; " a detective, or something worse pro- ; bablv. You followed ua down Piccadilly the .other day. But whether you had your eye on me or the gal I cannot say." . The contemptuous tone and gesture with which he alluded to Audrey fired me. " When you speak of that lady," I said, ; haughtily, " be pleased to do so in a move respectful way." "Come, that's good," he returned, with a coarse laugh. "A girl who brings her lover into the house duriug her brother's absence is ; deserving of respect, not to say reverence, at the hands of any man. A girl whose character " \- I sprang forward and dealt him a stinging blow across the face with my open palin. Uttering a cry of mingled rage and pain he - threw himself upon ine, and a fierce struggle ensued. In strength we were fairly matched, ' and I doubt who would eventually have been the victor had not accident doeided in my assailant's favour. In the scrimmage I un luckily caught my foot in the ragged floorcloth and fell heavily to the ground. In an instant he was kneeling over me, his hands, grasping my throat. I firmly believe that in his blind rage he would have, throttled me had not a new comer at that moment entered the room. No less a person than Frank Thanet. Without a glance at Audrey, who ran forward with white face and trembling limbs at' liis approach, the young man hurried over to' -my ; assailant and gripped his shoulder. ti;D© you want to murder the man.?" he asked fiercely.' "I should like to," returned Padman sullenly. " He shan't leave this house unless he swears " ! " Never mind that," broke in young Thanet. "It's all up' with us, and we muBt bolt. The police are at the corner of the street." i Even as he spoke a loud angry knocking . was heard at tlie door. "You are not to- open it, Audrey," said. Thauet, threateningly. Then both men left the room and hurried upstair. We heard the heavy baize door, which shut off the upper part of the house, claug-to ; .we heard, as well the violent and continued knocking at the street door I stepped into the narrow passage. . ' Audrey threw herself before me; her eyes streaming with tears, her hands clasped. - - . 1 fITla nnf rnWW-tt." she " TfrfT will take him if you do. My poor Frank. He never meant to do wrong." " My darling, if I do not, they will force it in." The words were scarcely out of my mouth be fore the ricketty, badly-hung door yielded to- the heavy blows which had been dealt on it, and a detective, accompanied by two policemen, filled the narrow hall. ; " I want to search . this house,'' said the former, sharply, displaying his warrant. "Robinson, keep guard while we go over the pl«iC6 ' ' " Will they take him?" whispered Audrey, with white hps. "Had they any means of escape?" I whis pered back. " I am not sure," she returned, " and you must not, you will not, tell the detectives ; but I fancy, from something Frank once said, that they rent the next house and keep it empty." "In that ease," I returned, "they have doubtless made good their escape." They had. Tlie detective and his companion at that moment came into the room._ "The birdB have flown," he said in a crest fallen tone. " But we shall get them yet, and there's evidence enough in their rooms upstairs to convict my gentlemen for a good many years. Meanwliile, sir, you are my prisoner." " Accused of what?" "Illegal coining." " I can satisfactorily explain for my presence in the house. But I will come with you of course." I turned to Audrey. Poor child ! Sweet deli cately nurtured girl \ What a trial this coarse scene was to her ! " We do not want the lady," resumed the official. " We've had our eye on this place for some time, and we knowshe'B innocent enough. So, for the matter of that, are you, sir; but you must come along. It'b only a matter of form." I turned in perplexity to Audrey. "You cannot stay here alone to-night." " I must," she said bravely, though her lips trembled. "Unless the woman next door would tako mo in. She spoke to me once, and saeincd a kind creature." " Before 1 left Homerton I saw Audrey safe in the motherly care of this Samaritan; I 6aw ; the door closed on the wretched house in which 1 my darling for months had been a prisoner. 1 hank God that chapte '+ ho life was closed. It should be my Dusinetu o see tna tno next and all succeeding oneB were bright. And now she is my wife. With difficulty I overcame her scruples ; it took many losses to drive away the doubt from ber sweet lips — the doubt whether she, the sister of a coiner, wbb a fitting mate for me. Yes, doubts and scruples were laid at rest at last, and Audrey bears the disgraced name of Thanet no longer. And the one grief in her gentle heart is the thought of her brother — the handsome scape grace, whose fate we have never learnt. 