Wovdlst* WYTHREP'S WHARF. ' , ' chapter i. ' : Between Thnmod-strdct and tlio River Thames, upon a spot on' which the castle of an English monarch once stood, thoro stands a lofty warohotiao— so lofty that even at mid.'day it throws some shadow upon tho .broad wharf below, . . It is a' busy scene j for upon that silent highway; whero formerly tho gilded barges Of royalty glided1 to and fro with cargoes of dames and courtiers, black barges now pass in' slow procession, led by useiuiiaciq lugs or mo most democratic ap pearance. Here laughter seldom groots the ear j the lioarso shouts aro heard of barge and lightermon, and tho constant trundling of / lion, trucks loaded with swks, boxes and ball's j bii.t. abovo ail olhor noise sounds — tlio -.rattling; chainwork of huge craneB when tho goods aro lifted into the air and a fallowed up at some wido aperture upon one of tho Humorous floors of tho warehouse— a warehouao which would seoui'tb boast of unlimited accommoda tion^ for tho unloading from tlio lighters and;' tho lifting of moroharidiao into ono' storeroom or another go ou day after ? day.,;,',''' Upon 'the first floor of this warehouse, looking .out upon the river, is Mr. Lin s tuck's office. Mr. Lintock is tho proprie tor-;;, AVytlired's wharf and warehouse havo b'een in tho family for generations. Few richer men aro to. bo found, than John Lintock in tho city of Loudon ; and yet; its, ho- sat Into ono afternoon at -his desk^this prince wharf-ownor had a dis contented, troubled look. Ilis brow was deeply wrinkled, and tlie expression iniiia eyes wis that of a man who was con stantly haunted' by soino distressful thought, A knock at his office door, for no obyidua reason, startled him. It was growing jduaky on tho rivor, and tlio men were Ijoginnihg to diBperae for tho night', si . It was d.uskier still in tho. wharf ?owner'i ? ; ? room. - ? ? . :s ... .'^-Wlio's.'.that . Mr. Liiitdck, half rising, shaded' his- eyes with his- hand; ? '/ 'Ducket ?' }. ' '? ? : f'iYes^sir.'-- . . . '!kh'i' 'that's . righti ; ? Well, Duckot',! what is it?'.. ' : ? . tpokijig .rouiid this1 soinbra ! room the man'said : ' ? ? T; llVSIfall ,1 light'.yo'ur lamp; air ?' asked D.uckot.; ; . .7 r'.' No,;Ducket, I shall not noed it to night ;I, aui, going honie.' I. Have you any thing to. say ?. :i . .Ducket was Mr. Liiitock'a foreman, H-i ' was ' a -: broad'-ah'o'uldered' man, with largo ljinba.ani), a groat, honest face; His ; figure was angular— a* rathor giiunt forini nggfayiited'.iu. -its : stoop by constantly ? ' v-. ; bending to lift heavy weights.' He had ' , ' , the keeu, '.searching, eyes. of one long ac-. ? ; customod to the supervision of a liive of ' ?'??I'-L. workmeu. .. . ... . . i.,:.? You wished mo' to teil you, sir, when i , I saw ClogBtoun again.1' ? ! 'V.' ;Weil,V'!;said Mr. Lintock, noticing sotno hesitation; 'y-i; ' I -have seen him.' . ' £?' About the wharf ?' ;i No i ;ho has'. given up coming: hone. ' Ho took ' tho hint I gave liim last tiuio . M»d has stopped coining ? this way, though ? . l nevdr thought ho would.' Whete, then, did you see him?' ? ' aBkod Mr. Lintock. , 'it.' On London Bridgo. Ho was lounging . ?'?there,' sir, loaning ovor the parapet. It was: getting dark, and I saw him look at , the warehouse and' then into tho river, as 'ifiho hadihalf a mind to drown hirasolf.; 'I'm a-thinking, sir, that he's getting a bit ? ?? .'? ; -daft.' 'A' dahgor to himself,' the wharf 'owner answered- thoughtfully. . _ J 1 And to othow, sir, ?' aaid the foreman, ? V .'.^significantly. ? ' Ho'a plotting.; A man ? .uko Ologstoun would stiok- at nothing', do you mean by that, ^DuckotV' . ' .? ' . ^.'Duckct twisted his cap in his -hand and v..;'.- -. yjgi^noed ,out of , tho window upon tho .. i daikoning rivor. , i.t ?'-,I-l0'ting'reyongo,''said he. ' . . ? .... ? y j , . ' J i ^'Plottingj royonge,' repeated Ducket, cAvith. a quick lookat.his master. 'Why, tlioso broken-djwn,,. drunken ohapa. like ' . ????.?'!? Jf.'Ologstoun, air, haven't anything to lose— a .M'pylapt no valuo on lifo.' ' ' ?' ?' ' ILl'' Do. you mean their own?' ' h ''I'1 '-Aye,' sir— neither their own nbr other . .i'r'p.8--p|8!». You'll oxcuao me, sir ; but if ;? -r.-you hml aeon tho face of him— ' The foreman stopped abruptly. Some _ tfiilfc in Mr. Lintook's face alarmod him }' ; '? u kecli Btab could scarcely have produced a uioro Buddon change. But tho atartlcd c-xpression passed boforo ho could ask if 'T^'/his niastar were ill. \- y t Dnckqt,' said Mr. Lintock, rising ; /-? ^.Iromhis chair, ' if Ologstoun evor comcs y°u 'ia.vo niy leavo to hand /'irjf . ,m oyer to the police. Wo must run no iiMrA'ksVin d place like this. I am glad to 7.; ,'jf \ ittiKOi.thal you are alivo to tho fact that tho : .' '/C'?''? ''i ''mu '8 11 dangorous character.' I -' ' '.As he. drovo that evening toward Iiou ? ' don Brhlgo Station through tho lamp-lit . ! Btfeetu, Mr. Lintock peered restlessly out v ; ; '. ? 0,-i.pf '.lid oarrtagd window ; and in tho laijge -. . thornughfaros, where moil with uncouth, :.i dissipated faces laughed and talked at t ?'??? ? ''5 half-open tavern doors, ho looked about : J'-' liim with tho horror of one who dreaded ' to rocognis'o some' repulsivo face among :??-. ''®m; It was not until tho wharf-owner /,. |v had passed into the crowded station: tiiiit. ^,(!lid 'seemo'd to throw-olf in somo degree iiltis curiosity about his fellow-monj j i Mr. Liutook livod at Greenwtoli, and tho train was on the point of starting. As ho stepped into an empty oompartmcnt and tho porter was closing the door, a young man caino up out of broatli and stepped iu after him.. By tho diin li^ht tlioy rocogniscd each othor as friends, and a warm exchange of greetings fol lowed. . ' Why, Overbook, what takes you to Greenwich, oh ?' said tho wharf-owner. ' I was coming to visit you.' ' To dino with ub ?' ' Yes.' ' I am dolightod to hoar it.' A matter of businoas betweon Mr. Lintock and Percy Orcrbeck had origi-. nally brought them together. Ovorbeck had taken part of a houso in Trinity Squaro as a junior partner in a Hamburg firm, and ofton had occasion te laud goods nt Wythrod's wharf. Mr. Lintock, in his younger diiyB,' had known Overbock's parents ; and ho had wolcomed to a place on his hearth this Bon of his old friends, as soon as ho presented his letter of re commendation ; and so it came to pass that ' the young Hamburg morchant quickly loarned to ronliso that Mr. Lin tock had a fascinating daughter. Nor did ho despair of somo day winning Bertha Lintook's hand. ; ? Tho train was in rapid motion. Tlio two friends' Bitting opposito each other, wero chatting pleasantly, whon a startling change came over Mr. Lvntock's faco. The expression was that of abject terror. With his oyes fixed as though he were fasoinatcd— ixed upon tho further win dow of tlio oarriago — tho wharf-ownor sat palo and speechless. Ovorbeck could not withdraw his gaze ; and. 'so completely did Mr. Lintock's faco and attitude impress him, that for tho moment ho imagined something super natural lud appeared to him. Turning .his head to follow the direction of tho wharf-owner's oyes, Overbook wa» sur prised to 8oo no phantom — nothing visiblo boyond tho window but black night. Ovorbeck placed his hand on Mr. Lin tock's arm. ' Aro wo in danger ? You stare as though you anticipated soinothing ter riblo. If thero is any real — ' The oldor man raised his hand to silenco his companion, at tho sarao timo covering his oyes with tho othor as if to shut out some repulsivo . Bight. ' There is no danger— no danger now. It has gono by.' This answor,- in Ovorbeck's oiaited state of mind, did not satisfy. ''Thero was danger, thon ? If it was real, aud not mcro fancy — ' ?'It. was real. It's lucky wo mot to-night. Your presenco has saved iny life.' ' In what possible; way ?' ' Bo not question mo now,' said Mr. Lintock, with' great earnestnesa. '1 saw,, .as distinctly as I boo you at this mo ment, a f;ico at that farther window — a faco that has hauntod mo for moro than a year.' \ jOvorbock sprang up to go to tho car ringii door ; but hia companion placed a restraining hand upon his arm. .; j ' Don't stir 1 Tho faco has gone— it Wjould boLmudneBS I' The engine shrieked, and tho carriages began to slacken paco. . In another min ute tlio train had cqmo to a standstill in Greenwich Station. v ' 1 : ? CHAPTER IJ. | The Lintock mansion, in tho neighbor* liood of Greenwich Park, was surrounded' by a high garden wall. Tho gteat ? iron gnto, leading iiito a largo courtyard, might havo boon tho entrance to a' prison,' and its gloomy aspect filled Percy' Ovor- beck's mind with vague fears. IJiit whon tho front door was thrown open, and lid stopped with his host into n broad, woll lightod hall, nil boiibo of dread was in-; stantly dismissed, for ut tho foot of tho oaken Btaircaao stood Bertha LinteclcJ ? She was n tall, -graceful girl of nine teen ; and sho alwaya looked lior best, in Percy's opinion, at thoso moments of greeting with her father; not that hor dark eyes were wanting in thoir eloquent ospression of welcome whon tlioy mot his. But sho'simply said in a charming tone of woll- foigned burpriso : _ '' Mr. Overbeok. How very kind this is I' as alio took his profl'orod hand; 'Ovorbeck could not fail to notice, from Bertha's anxious glnnco at her father's faco, that alio guessed something had ro ceatly upset him. Was it possible that such a trouble as this, which ho had acci dentally discovered, weighed upon her faihor's mind? Bertha's firafc words, wlisn tlioy wero alono in the drawing room before dinner, ' Havo you marked! :tho change in my fathor ? To night ho doi;a nob Bocm tho samo man,' con viiited Overbook that Bhe had been told nothing. '(Ho is greatly changed,' replied' tlio yot^ng man. 'I 'am much concerned about him.1' ' 'Can anything bo done ?' . 'fl Binceroly hopo' your father will talk to mo of himself this evening. 1 I shall draw liim out,' he added, laughingly, to reassure hor, ' ovor our cigar.', ? i Burtlm's eyos oxpressod- lior sonso of' gratitude. During dinnor Mr. Lintock was dcoply abstracted ; in fact, he loft Bertha to do all tho talking ; so she and Percy con versed together to their Iioarts' co'rt tent. As soon as dinner was ovor, Bertha rose to leave. While Overbook stood holding open tho. door, tlio girl gave him one of tlioso appealing looks as sho paBsed out which ho remembered long after. ;,.''Now that -we are alono,' said Mr. Lintock, ' I will ask your attention for a few minutes. I want to tell you of the face that haunts mo. I havo intended for eomo timo; speaking to you. The. in cident in tlio traiu to-night has decided mo.' Overbeok, having drawn forward an armchair, lit a cigar, and looking atten tively at Mr. Lintook, said : ' I am deeply interosted.' After a few minutes' pause, the wharf-' owner inquired : ; ivi 'Do you remember, Overbeok, an in dividual of the naino of. Ologstdun V' : Ovorbeok shook lus head., .,,, ' J ' Ho was a workman on tho wharf. ; I dismissed him for insobriety.' 'A dark.-porson, with hlaok, hungry eyos asked Overbook. ? .. ; ? . 'That's tho'man,a3 you dccribo him— that's tlio man whoso faco ?I saw at tlio carriago window to-night.' ? | ? Tlio younger man's handsome eyes wore fixed searchingly upon his host. V Not really V' ' Yos, what else ?' J ['f.Iitjiought you might mean his'sh'nst,' said th^.young. inan, smiling. t ' I'moan tho' man's face. . I havo no belief in disembodied spirit's,' ' But,' said Ovcrl-eck, ' unless the man Clo »stoun is dead — ' ' Ilo is not dead. IIo threatens mo); ho has dono so for montlw. I sue his face everywhere — sverywln.ro,' said Mr, Lin tock, glancing uneasily round tho room. For a moment tho wharf-ownor placed his bund across his oyes, as ho had done in tho railway carriago ; but quickly re covoring himsolf ho said : ' Clogstoun had ofton boen employed on tho wharf, nnd as often discharged, owing to his tipsy and quarrelsome habits. He insulted everyone he came across, when excited by drink, until it was thought ho must be out of his mind. When at last I refused to listen to his appeal to ha givon another chanco, ho muttered, ' You shan't ruiu mo for no thing, Mr. Lintock ; yon had bettor think this over.' I did not like his look then ; thero was a strange expression in his oyes — n look that seemed to mo to con tain a touch of insanity. A few days afterward he accosted ino in tho street, loaded nio with insult, nnd vowed ho would not rest until lid had taken niy lifo.' Oyorbock started up with an angry ex clamation on his lips. 'Tho man is inad!' .. . r, VI treated this threat at first as tho silly utterance of a drunkard,' continued Mr. Lintock. 'It gavo mo at tho mo-, nient no real uneasiness. But as timo went by, his_conduet began to alarm mo. Ho again accosted me, and bccaino moro insolent. I warned him that I should be forced, if ho did not coaso to annoy me, to tako tho matter beforo a magis trate.' ''All! you did right. I should have done so at once, though.' ' But that has no eil'ect. Ho still dogs my steps if I vonturo out after dark. I see his oyoB fixed on me at every corner ; and unless something is dono to put a stop to it I shall bo ill. My duties at tho warehouso aro n sufficient wear and I oar without Clogstoun's wretched faco threat ening mo night and day.' Ovorbeck was pacing up and down tho room.. Ho could not rest with tho thought of Mr. Lintock insulted and harassed at ovory turn. ' Does anyone know of this affair ex copt ourselvos ?' ho asked. The wharf-owner roflectod a moment. ' Ducket, I think, Buspects something ; nobody else.' ' Not even your daughter ?' ' I havo never spokon to lior on tho Bubjoct,' said Mr. Lintock, evasively, Aftor a moment's pause, Ovorbock asked : 'Can you givo mo Clogstoun's ad dross ?' Tho wharf-owner looked up Bur prised. 'It nover occurrod to mo that lie had any. In what liolo or corner of London would ho lodgo V Hi'b appearance was no botter when I saw him last than that of a vagabond- or tramp.' ' Ho must bo known to tho police.' '. So I hope, for ho has fallen very low. ? He was laat Be on by Duoket on London 'Bridge, contemplating, I Bliould think from tho account ho gavo mo, suicido or something worse. Is thero a crime that ono so profligate would not commit ? The thought makes mo shuddor! If you had Biibn his faoo to-night, tlio dread would havo laid hold of you a3 it has of me — that iny lifo is in danger.' ? Ho spoke in a very earnest tone, but thero was no trace of agitation in his manner. Ilis words, 'My lifo is in danger,' seomed to express tho convic tion of n sound-minded man capable of mature reflection. : ' You are aoriously, of opinion, Mr. Lintock, that tho face at tlio carriago window was real, and not imaginary i'' Mr. Lintook, with a thoughtful look bout upon tlio groimd, replied : ' '.That is a; question to which I wish. Overbcck, I could give you a satisfactory aiiswor. Is it real ? Tho face, us 1 tell you, threatens mo momentarily — so un expectedly;,; it seems- -only too real.' Tlioh ho suddenly added with a searching glance, ' You do not think my braiu all'ccted? , Well, well, it is not surpris ing if you do. I havo enough worry at the wharf, sometimes, without this one, to drivo mo crazy.' Ovorbeck promised to tako tho matter seriously iu hand ; and after some furthor conversation on the subject, of a re assuring nuturj, Mr. Lintock proposed tl.at they should join Bertha in the drawing-room;. Sho was at the piano, but sho rose when they came' in, gavo them tea, nnd paid somo dolicate little attentions to hor father. Then sho returned to tho piano, nnd began to play a sonata that soomod like an accompaniment to her dreamy thoughts. Presently Percy Ovorbock wont softly to a clmir besido hor, for tho wharf- owner had fullou asleep. ' IIo has spoken to you,' said tho girl, still accompanying hor dream. ' Has lid not?' Her faco was troubled, and toars wore in her dark eyes. ' We havo talked tho mattor ovor. Ho lids told mo ovorything. Do not bo dis tiessedj thoro is no need. Havo confidenco in me, will you, as an old friend V ? Thoro was little occasion to havo askod this. Bertha's faco, though troubled, had not lost its trustfulness, 'Why Bliould you doubt that?' was tho girl's reassuring reply. '.'For weeks past I havo wished that my father would spoak to you. I know that something disturbed him. _ But lie is so considerato 1 Ho has dono his bost to hido it from mo, fearing to alarm 1110.' ' It is about a discharged workman — it is bost that you should know— a follow who. threatens your fathor. Tho affair has'unuorved him ; but I hopo to. put matters right. You nre not frightened, I liopo'i'; .:?? 'Now j'not now,' said Bortha in a low voicc— 'not now, that you aro lifting half the burden off our shoulders. How good.it is of you I' Sho wns .irresistible. Overbeok lin BWt-red in hiB eurncKt way : ? ' Thore is no burden that I would not boar for your sako.' ' For mo ?' ? ' .'..Yos, Bortha. : I lovo you.' There was a fluttor of tho dark eye lashes, but the girl did not raise her oyes. The accompaniment to lior dream was al most inaudiblo now. Was tho roality — tho conviction of hor lovo for Percy Ovorbeck dawning upon lier ? Tho sonata was iinisliod, and Mr. Lin tock nwoko out of his nap. It was timo for Overbeok to bid his friends good night, for ho intended to roturn to Lou don. Ho caught) n swoet, timid glanco from- Bertha as ho took his loavo. ' Ab: the train was approaching London Bridge, and tho glow of lamplight in * , . f ^ 1 i* wido and narrow thoroughfare's throw a red reflection ovor tho city, Ovorbeck thought of tho countless mysteries that lay hidden in dark courts nnd alloys, in tho midst of all this glare. Was tho face that hauiikd his friend in ono of these Bhadowy by-ways ? CHAPTER III. Tho visit to Greenwich of Percy Over beck had effected a noticeable chango in tho Wharf-owner's state of mind. The haunted look left him, his expression was altogether less careworn, and it would al most seom aa if thoso atrango forebodings which had latoly perturbed his brain troubled him 110 longor. Ilis intcrost in a:l tho business- of tho wharf returned and Ducket found him ono ovoning work ing iu grim ec. nest at his desk. ' Well, Duck'. t,' said Mr. Lintock, as tho foroinan c;uno in, lantorn in hand, to lip, lit his lamp, ' who iB on duty to night ?' ' I'm on duty, sir, till 12 o'clock.' 'Not alone 5' 'Why, yes.' The fact is, sir, I'd a special object in rolioving the night watchman.' , ' The wharf-ownor'B glance expressed his surprise.' . 'What objeot could you possibly hnvo'?' Ducket, still oceupiod with tho lamp, answered without lifting his oyes : ' I am expecting Mr. Overbcck.' ' And what hour?'1 Ducket handed tho wharf-owner a slip of paper. A single line, which ho re cognised as Percy Choi-beck's writing, ran as follows : — ' Ten P. M. Wait at wharf. P. 0.'' Mr. Lintock's face while reading this undoiwent a chango; but recovering him solf quickly lie inquired : ' Do you know why Mr. Overbcck is coining to night ?' The lamp was now lighted, nnd Ducket, wli'lo placing it upon tho wharf-ownor'B desk nnd adjusting tho shade, repliod : ' It's about Clogstoun. So I naturally suppo30 ; for thero ain't anything else I can think of that would bring liim here at that timo o' night. Tho note, just as you see it, was given to mo this afternuo:i.'' ' Who brought it ?' ' One of Mr. Ovorbeck's clerk'B.'' Tho wharf-ownor looked thcui-htful. ' I havo plonty to ktup mo busy till ten o'clock,' said ho, throwing a glance over the papors boforo him. ' Mr. Over beck is coming, depend upon it, about Clogstoun. I shall wai: and see him.' Then taking up his pou I10 added, 'You'll bo within call if I want you, Duckot?' ' You'vo only to touc^ tho boll, sir ; I shall bo suro to hoar.' I It was tho first timer for many weeks that Mr. Lintock had wcrked alone ia tho counting-housoaftsr dart,; and it was not surprising that tho dead Wlenco and Boli tudc, when ho occasionally stopped nnd looked up from his desk, should remind him of tho thr-cateninif fiso of Clogstoun. Ho had dismissed tlio clerks, for ho had 110 need of assistanco ; orery detail refer ring to tho wharf was ontored iu tho books upon tho shelves around liim. Still tho silenco seemed eaoh moment moro oppi'L'snivo. It wus pnst nine. What could Ducket bo doing so noise lessly down stairs, ho wondered ? It was 90 strange ho had neither heard tlio sound of his voico nor footsteps. Then he thought, ' If Dueke: would only Bing or movo about the; bu .ding tho. sonso of loneliness nud dread which is creeping over mo would bo rei .ovod.' j Ho tried manfully to dismiss this feel ing imd to find absorption in the work bo foro him ; bub thero now roso in his mind, more vividly than ever; this haunting face. Ho imagined tlio.'figure of Clog stoun, as Duckot had described it, leaning over the parapet of the bridgo. Was tlio man thero to-night, Iu wondered? lie oould not rosist tho teaptntion to strctuh out his hand and drav.- tho curtain back from tho window and) look out upon the dark rivor. The lights flickered on tho bridgo ; but they wort too dim to havo onablod Mr. Lintock t» distinguish ono figure from another. Yet ho fanciod that, dark as it was, he could diacorn a shadowy form standing r.cur tlu contro of tho bridgo, and that tho form reannbled that of tlio man with whose faco ho was bo painfully hauntod. Ho dropped tho cur tain with an angry gesture. ' What if Clogstoun iB thore ?' ho ex claimed aloud. But tho wharf-owner's hand trembled now ; ho could not writo. Tho black horrors whioh I10 had resolutely overcome began again to crowd on his brain liko impa of darknoss ; tho moro he tried to chaso them from hiin, .tho moro they swarmed. HiB imagination awakenod into terror at last. A firm conviction took hold of him ; it was like a liightiuaro which no strongth of will* .could drive 'from his brain ; Clogstoun was staring at liim through .tlio glass partition in the cleik's offico like a cat watching its prey 1 Mr. Lintock sprang to' his fest. At this m'omont tho gate bell in tho courtyard of tho warohouso bogan to ring. CHAPTER IV. After lighting Mr. Lintook's lamp, D„ kot had descendod to tlio basement on a 1. vol 'with the wharf. It was a huge storrronm ; its area roprosonted the dimensions of tho .entire warehouso ; and although there wero piles of merchandise on all sides of tho iroti pillars which sup ported tlio floor above. Ub great mzo was still npparont, for thoro wore avenues iu every direction between these goodly piles wide enough for the truoks to run to and fro. ; Near the river entrance to thii store room Btood a wooden shod ; it had n door facing thu main avenuo, and a small win dow ou each side. Ou the ' door was writton 'Superintendent's office/' Duckot raised tho latch and stopped in. Thero was a desk under one of tho windows, nnd undor the othor stood a stovo with a fun nel disappearing through a liolo in tho wood-work. Tho foreman drew up a chair in front of thisstovo, nnd having looked nt tho tiro and fed it with charcoal, ho began to np poaso his appotito out of a pail and n blnckoncd tin can with a cork in it. IIo ato his supper with apparent rolisli ; but tho mixturo in tho can did not seem to his taste, for I10 rejectod it with a grimaco after tho first draught. ' I'd ratlior drink a pint of senna,' ho declared, driving tho cork home emphati cally with tho palm of his hand, ' than another drop of that stuff.' '' Ho lit his pipe with an air of resigna tion, loaned back in his chair and stared perplexedly ti£ the tin can; Had auyone been playing 'him a trick? j' He ^ra« be-' ginning to get so sleepy that the walls of tho shed appeared to expand, and his head to grow proportionately larger. It was a maddening sensation. Ho tried to throw off his drowsiness, for ho was tho solo watcliniau in tho building. If any catastropho occurred tho blame would fall on his shoulders. Duckct took his lantern and went out. Ho began to paco up and down tho contre avenuo between pyramids of bales. No mattor whether he turned to tho right or left ho was always becoming moro and more impressed with the fact that uncer tainty lay boyond. This soon ended by tho lantem'B falling from his hand and going out ; then he sank on tho ground with his head resting on a hard balo. Was ho dreaming 1 It seemed to Ducket as in a dream that someone glided past him like a ghost, and that a light flushed boforo his eyes ; then an interval of darkness and confusion followed, until ho awoko with a start, strongly convinced that ho had been roused by tho clang of the warehouse boll. Could it bo Over book at tho gate already ? It was surely not ten o'clock 1 The foreman struggled to his feet and groped his way toward tho superintendent's offico. As he wont along with outstretched hands ho exporioncod a dull singing in his earrf. Was it the gato-bell vibrating in hisbe wilderod brain ? Duckot found tho stove fire still burn ing, though low. Ho took -a lantern from tho wall, nnd lighting it glanced anxiously at tho clock. ' Half-past ton !' ho exclaimed ; ' why — ' It teas the warohouse bell. It was no dream now ; it sounded like an alarm, it was so incessant. Still half dazod with tho opprossing offcct of his unnatural sleep, Ducket hurried across tho yard, nnd unlocking tho side door loading into Thames street, found himself faco to face with Percy Ovorbock. With an Sir of suppressed impatienco he said : ' Why aro you so dilatory in oponing the door?' ' I only hoard tho bell a minute ago, sir.' ' How'd that 1 1 have been ringing at short intervals for nearly half -an- hour. Ts biiero anything wrong t' Duckot looking puzzlod at Ovorbeck's excited face, answered : ' I very much suspect that — ' ' What ?' ' That I've b:oti drusrgod. That's why I couldn't cotiio, I fell asloop ; the noise of tlio' bell awoke me.' Tho exoitcd expression on Overbeck's face increased, ' Aro you hore alone ?' ' I'm the only ono on duly ; but I'm not alone in the warehouse,' said the foroinan ; ' Mr. Lintock is hero.' Ovi rbeck hurriedly demandad : ' Where ?' ' In his offico up-stairs. I loft him thero busy writing uthis desk.' ' Whon ?' 'Somo hours ago — beforo I bocamo drowsv.' ' Houri ago ? Show the way as quick as you can to Mr. Lintock's room.' Ducket, still moro perplcxod at Over bock's manner, hattonod up-stairs with out n word. IIo vv»s fo'zod with a droad fill sno*o nf ajipralisimioii ; and on open ing Mr. Lintock's door, ho uttored a sup pressed cry. Tho wharf-owner's room was empty ; but tho lamp upon his desk waa burning, and the light thrown upon his papers showed thsm in disordor. An inkstand had beou upset upon tho talilo, and tho ink wns trickling down into a pool upon tho floor. Overbcck stepped forward, took a quick platico round liim. Thon I10 looked keenly it Ducket. ' Clogstoun has boon here. Ho nnd Mr. Lintock hnvo inet.' The foreman's face oxproasod a lcok of horror. ' Now, Duckot,' said Percy Overbeck, placing his linnd upon tho foreman's shoulder, ' norvo yoursolf. Lot us search thn warehouse.' Tho warehouso was explored from roof to basoment. Tho foreman who had knofrn every turning among the dark lanoB of merchandise sinco boyhood, took the lead, flashing his lantorn* into evory nook and corner. Oil oacli floor they called on Mr. Lintock loudly by namo ; but only an echo of thoir voices reached them. Tlioy stood once moro within the wharf-ownor's room. ' Ducket,' said Overbock, 'cast your oyes carefully around. Is anything mis sing ?' Tho light from tho foreman's lautern moved ovor the floor nnd then slowly round the wnlls. Suddenly it stopped bo hind Mr. Lintock's chair. ' ' Do you see that peg, sir ?' 'Yob.' ' That koy should bo there. It's gono.' ' What koy ?' . 'The koy, sir, to that private door ;' and Duckot pointed to a door opposito the window. ' But,' said Ovorbeck. ' that lends out upon tho wharf. And,' ho added, turn ing tho haudlo, ' it's locked. What can it mean ?' ' It moans,' said tho foreman with sudden inspiration, ' that, dead or alivo, master has gono out by that door.' Without loss of time, by means of tho superintendent's koy, thoy mado thoir way out upon tho landing-stngo. Thoy looked oagorly across tho dark rivor. Tho tido was lnpping monotonously against tho sides of tho wharf ; chains woro rattling, boats aud barges moored along side creaked nud strained nt their ropos. Presently Ducket, who went flashing about with his lantorn, cried out : ' There's a boat gone I' ' All 1 Is Iho tido ebbing ?' ' Ay, Bir, ebbing fast.' Overbeck reflected a moment; thon he said : -? . , ' Givo mo tho lantorn.' Duckct obeyed. ' Now,' addod Overbeck, 'unfasten n boat, and let us row down tlio stream We ar.' on tho track, I hopo, at last.' Tho foreman quickly set to work. The: 0 was a boat suited to thoir purpose lying outsido a bargo ; it was soon loosoned and readv to start. ' i'll tako tho sculls,' said Overbeck, as ho stopped into his placo. ' You shall stieri You.know this part of the river bettor than 1 do. Aro you ready?' ' Right with tho tide, Mr. Overbook ?' ' Ycb, by all moans ; with tho tide.' And so, with Duckot grasping the rud der nnd Ovorbock tho sculls, the boat moved out into mid-stream. On thoy went with tho obbing tide, undor tho black shadows of hugo ships and toworing 'warehouses until Ducket's lantorn was a mero speck of gliding light in the dark ness. ? ;? , .- ,r ? ? ? . Bertha Lintock, although mado aware in a message from her father that he should not return until late, began to grow anxious towards midnight. Sho paced up and down her room, and con stantly listened for tho sound of wheels in thi carriage-drive ; tho unpleasant affair, of which Percy Overbeck had spoken to hor reassuringly, recurred to her mind. Though trusting in Percy, she could not conquor her strong presenti ment of danger ; for, when a child, Wythred's wharf had made a doep im pression upon Bertha. While walking at her father's Bido through the great sombre storo-rooms, the£ had reached some pas sage— walled with bales of merchandise — so dark and narrow that sho shrunk back with sudden frrg'ht, find would go 110 further. That was hor first visit, and she had nover entered it since. Presently, Bertha heard a hurried step outsido tho houso. She ran to tho win dow and throw it open. Overbeck stood below. ' Porcy, has anything happened ?' sho asked. ' Where is my father?' ' He is hore, Bertha — at tho gate. You have no need to bo nkrmod.' Bortha hastened into tho hall. Percy Ovorbock mot hor at tho door, and thoy went into tho dining-room to gether. 'Your father has been again seized with that odd fancy,' Percy hastens to tell her. ' Ho believes that whilo seated iu his oflico this evening, Clogstoun threatened him. Panic-Btricken, ho es caped from this phantom, or reality, down his private staircase leading to the wharf. Here, groping his way to tho barges, ho dropped into a baat, and, Bet ing it adrift, went out with tho tide. Duckot und I — to cut along story short — overtook the boat, and — '' At this moment Sir. Lintock slowly en tered tho room, leaning ou Ducket'a arm. His clothes were wet and bespattered with mud. Seoing his daughter, he step ped toward her, but losing strength, sank into a chair. Bertha ran to his side and bent over him. ' Aro you hurt, father ?' 'No, niy dear, only exhausted. Percy and our old friend Ducket,' Bald ho, looking up gratefully into their faces, 'havo saved my lifo.' The wharf- owner's nerves wero badly shaken. But a few days' rest, under his daughter's thoughtful supervision, re stored him to hoalth. Clogstoun's fnco never hnunted Mr. Lintock again ; for 011 tho day after this occurrence, tho man was found nt the warehouse among somo bag3 of sea damaged hemp-seed, breathing his last ; and as a small pliial was discovered at his side oontoiniug traces of a narcotic, it was conjectured that lie had poured this drug into Ducket's tin can, and had himself swallowed the reBt with a strong resolvo to bring his wretched existence to ail end. For somo time Mr. Lintock avoided the subject of his flight from the ofliceand from the faco. It appeared, howevor, that at tho moment when Clogstoun forced hiB way into tho room, tho wharf ownor retreated through tho private door. This door he locked behind him, in order to cut off pursuit ; and thus sopirated from tho Thames-street exit by Clogstoun's presence, Mr. Lintock made his escape by water. ? In after days, when liortha had become Overbeck's wife, tlicy often dwelt on that midnight affair at Wythred's wharf ; and it transpired how Percy, frequently on tho watch for Clogstoun, having learnt somothiug of his haunts and habits, had reason to suppose that ho hud found a moans of getting into the wharehouse. Fur this reason he had appointed that mooting with Ducket, though scarcely imagining that events would tako such a strange turn as they had done. As manhood and womanhood open up, diicriminaliun is neoeicsry between what ought to be remembered and what it were better to forget. O.10 good general rule whioi holds through lifo is to forget aa speedily as possible tbe ovil whioh wo Beo around us and oven within ub; for evil, like a plant, tbrivea in the ligbt and withers in tho darkness. Brought into open view, talked about, thought about, aod stored in remembrance, its tendency is to reproduae itsoll. Coupliiiexts, which we think aro de served, wo accept only as debts, with in d, ff.irer.ee; tut those whoso comcienco informs us we do not merit, we reoeive with the same gratitude that wo do favurs given away. 