REMARKABLE CATS. The following felme gossip we- have gathered from various sources, and now lay-before .our readers for.their oEuiusement While cats have been known, like the famished --mothers in Jerusalem,.iosdevour adopt young "hares, hedgeliogs,,a-at8, ^and :: even chickens. ..The uuusual tight of a riit, and five young ones-xn the -same -nest wijli a • oat and three kit-tens has been seen in Edinburgh. Tortoise-shell -cats .especially are clever at opening doors; others deplorable poachers on weekdays, , become the very pink of propriety as eoon as Sabbath-: day comes xound: - Besides being capital hunters and mole-catchers,-others ean Jisii, ring door-bells, steal cream, and break eggs in a most systematic manner. But let the following anecdotes speak for tlicni- The cat that gravely laid a portion of it6 dinner; in. front of a: mouse-hole and tlien retired to await the result, .had surely, something m: common witli the human speculator and quack, .who does pretty nearly: the same thing -through a: newspaper advertisement. While black , cats are -. supposed by the -superstitious - . to have some connection with the Evil One, others- make capital -gliosis. -A farmhouse, in the north country was haunted by an invisible ghost, which, for a -considerable time, had-been in the habit of ringing a certain bell, and the most lamentable results were about to-follow, when, the, famer with"the family Bible, and a student, with a bottle of whisky, sat up all night and effectually laid .the ghost; - It wa-s.discovered, very, much. to-their .satisfaction, that the bell had been rung by puss an her efEorts to seize tho handle, wlncli consisted of a httre's foot. Many people have heard of-the ploughman's wise and-affectionate cat Myxie. A ploughman: at the ioot , the Ochils had-lieenlongall—Ins home was; in'poverty^-wlien the doctor said the poor; man would die if his strength wns not kept up. by stimulants, and annual food. JjGt the sequel: lie told in the -words of: 1 the ploughman's wife, " I put aw a' my marriage -gown and ring to get him wine, but we hadnaethmg m the house but .milk ; and meal. Surely, su-, it was the Lord Himself that put it into that- cat s head;; for that same night she brought m a fine young rabbit, and laid it on the verra bed.; and the next night the same;, and every niglit the same for a month, whiles a nabbit and whiles^ a bird,: till-George was up and going to Ins work as usual.- But' she never brought anything hame. after; Dial ' The ingenuity shown by cats in opening doors is ,sometimes remarkable. , ..A laTge cat' in . the country-was in the habit of. opemne the door for himself in the following manner. .The handle of the door was one of the oldfashionedlioopedltind, which required to begraspedandtlie latehpressed with the thumb, lie leapt on. to the window-sill," which was near the door, sprung from -their and caught the hoop with his forepaw, and,hung on until ,he pressed down the latch with, the other— this operation requiring considerable force— When th3 door swinging open, puss,droppedto the floor, and:quietly walked m., lu*v like ingenious, manner, a cat lui» been known to-open a kitchen-dresser, door .by working the bar wlucli acted as a fastener, round from a horizontal to a perpendicular position, and thus gaming.ingcess. - \- cdrrespondent sends, us. the.-followjng;; " A friend of mine lias a cat which, gives, a, double knock- at tlie street-door, vrlien. it wants to get in. The househas a.side door which has the upper panels; glass, .and the knocker is placed below this, so tkat.-;by standing on its hind-legs - it can feaeh the knocker, which it takes hold of with both paws n nd gives a regular double knock. Visitors who do'uot know Tom's.rknock.do not notice'anvthinguijit different from that; given by a humau being, and find it .very difficult to bulieve it is the ;-cat, until, waiting till tlie knock is repeated, the door is opened,:«nd Master Tom walks in.- They are obliged to.lookprettv sharp, to.see-that he is in before the house is shut un, as he litis sevel-al-times returned home m -the middle of a cold night, and knocked again sad. again, until someone has lieen com- -pblled to get up and lei .him in; Occasionally when the door is opened 111-answer to his summons, he Will stand pumrig for a; sliort -time and then ivalk away, as if he enjoyed the fun -of giving, them -the .trouble 'or nothing : Auotjier eontritator writes:, f!-W« had a horse which was kept m a stable not far from the house, and into the stable my.nian introduced; a kitten, and a very: close •latunacy soon grew up between the kitten iihd the horse. I have often seen her on hi*: back, .which hbr- equme friena quite seemed to understand, andshemadfe.lierhe.d just under, his manger, and we.-have frequently seen.them haVmg-bits of.fuii. together. • I'he horse would advance lui head towards her, when puss would put up both her paws and pretend to scratch his nose, which he .seemed lather to -eiijoy :and then he would seize grimalkin :by .the fekm of fer neck in his teetli, and liftlier up .and quietly drop her, only to repeat the game, which both seemed.to eujoy. -. " After a while wc sold the horse, whereupon tlin seemed quite .disconsolate. Previously., the stable had been:her home, where she always -stayed except for .an occasional Tun m the garden. But now she could not be induced to stay there, and for weeks she lamented the Joss of.-her friend; by fretting and mewing ahout the house.", ' :" l am tempted," says: h .third correspo dent, ''to inquire whether instances . are common -of cats showing affection for strangers at first suild.. Twice .tlns. l happened to me; onceon.returnfrom India ai'ter eight years abseiiee, and the seeond tune on. Jfaiheraii-Hill, neai-JSomliay. , :,.:; "On the fonner occasion, having reached home in the forenoon, 1 was .takings soli-, tary walk in tlie garden after lunch, when, a strange cat trotted up to me, rubheditself: .against me, rolled on ihepath ana-ftiskod about m front- of ine, never ceasing its.Semonstration until I re-entered.-the.house and room, into which it -accompanied jne, I was on the point of expressing my surpnse and OTatificationatthewaj-mwelcome; their ]5et had" given me. when;-my /father exclaimed: " Wliat ! a cat:! you never saiy a . cat iu this house," and poor Fuss, -ftight-enedat thetone of voice, flew-outof the Toom,,and was never, seen.,figam.:..Precisely.' the same .extravagant tokens of regard were shown me ut Matheran on entering a house that had been closely shut; up during the rains. . In this instance the cat belonged to the -Mallee who lived ;ori, tlie premises, but it was :a xecent aequisi- •tiop;:iiiid;had never seen - mp liefore. The jittachmeni .was -also ; - .short-livod like the ! formwone1.andended-tliat'i^oming -hy Euss being caught wiUi its head m - tlie butter-dish-wlien lirealrifast wasanaounced.^ Both animals weie lull giown "Ananeedote-whieh-lios.jueti'eaclied me from Ameri ca." - wiates ji iourtl i contributor, "'/seemp to. outdo all formeri-eeordB. - -About a year ago. & cat, unheralded and unkno wn, c me to the house Of Mrs Leonid a lively ,Irishwoman,-iivmg at 98. fifteenth Street, South Brooklyn, United States, and aiej dav jfterPflssy.'s aiin-ai Ehe-was-Jouncl-og a:Dest:of^eggswliicJi:,ahenliad>de££E^^ L : .tePAss •WaS.'®riveil^ i^^-iSeA- aaifegwnflA'Wwkjai^S, , then? At J;ast to the astoMi l?ou eholdj she ftp . which «he had "ucceedcd in _ Since then he has hatched four broods : and on Jfoveinber Stli. wjien my corrqgni Lane, Carlisle, while alone reading a book at the fireside,tellasleep.:-She.^vas suddenly awakened-by tlie xiat, which had. mounted her • baol^ vaad- was;-Violently > tearmg Jier liaiTj to discover that her -clothes. :had EUsaught- Are to such^san -extent, -that -she narrowly escaped bep£ burnt to. death; • •, The 'tenacity- of-iliferin .the . cat ie. well" illustrated in tlie follpwingBtbry from and f) ater, given in tlie woids of the narrator Greatly to the sonow of the children, our cat, a- Jialf Persian.,:-sudgeGiy disappeared, and her-accustomed .plafie bythe hearth, - "knew her no more. Search wafe made high and low, hut no trace of puss could be found. As time went on we conjectured either that our favourite had boon stolen by a siilor and taken foi a voyaee, or killed, and so resigned ourselves; to our loss. <Jreat, then, was our surprise last'Friday CTL seeing puss quietly walk scarcely able to stand, a veritable skeleton, covered with fur, and take her seat before the fire. I need not say she was-fed-and eaveEsed ad Ifbitutii. Xhe next day - we' learned her adventures. : It.seems: on the 34th of February. ]JU66 had-strayed m to pay a neighbour a visit, and. tlisp finding .a: plank of tlieSoonng up—a man was alter-- lng the ".gae- fipeB—had retired: into this; hole to seek mice. In .due -course the plahk was-nailed- down, and., the. cat made a prisoner. Here then, without food, drink, or air, puss rcmaineS until tlie 20th Of March, when her inceseani scistchmg m&66 tlife occupier of the house fansy a rat must, have a nest there, and take Up the flooring to lay poison. The poor cfeaturt was taken out considerably more dead than alive; but kindly nursed and fed .'with little drops: of Iieef-tea, and the next day .found strength to'crawl home. After her twenty-six days fast, I think ppor puss .fully entitled to: a most absolute' indulgence .during the re-; mainder of Lent" ..... : - . ..: . :.,.,..•- Another correspondent , to, the Scotsman, gives a brief biograplucal account: of several of ins felme friends. , " io. 1 was a she-cat of the gi'ay brindled laud, which I .believe, is tlie Scottish breed.: She, ]ike _Kimrod, was a mighty hunter. Hares, rabbits, and partridges all fell %-ictmis to her. sporting, propensities. .Whatis remarlcable, is, that whatever she killed she invariably brought home, and hud at my mothers feet. ..If they, were worth keeping, as -tliey often wore, they were appropriated, awhile puss sang her song of pleasui-e; if they were not, worth -keeping, they were given backfoher, and she.-devoured- them. with relish. .She, ate none-tilL th ey were .lifted and then; tlirown down to heragain. She was fond, of. hsli, but unlike other.cats, slie was willing to wet her feet for.them. -Often: lias she been watched Sitting on the burn-; bank until a trout came within reach, when down went her paw and out came thet+out, almost without fail. " Sfo. 2 was- a Tom-cat, red and white. Like JTo. 1, he was a. mighty hunter. ..--At first he.---brought the fruits, of 'the -chase home; but.afterwards ^became more.selfisli, and devoured what lie could on the spot, •ft' hat was left he kept hidden until it was required. Perhaps your readers may. c.onr sider what follows about him.as incredible hut it is a fact ueverthelessi He seemed to bscome wear)'of the lying-in-wait process of catcliinggame, and actually endeavoured to run down hares by speed.of footl. liver after that we considered him as having ' a Want.':. He was shot because, when,a certain gardener was shooting partridges, pounced upon a-covey, and depnved .tlie sportsman-gardepcr of'his game. Out.of revenge, he lodged tlie shot mpoor Gii." A lady in Norfolk writes asiollows; "Wc had a-cat that always came ..to Jamily worship. She knew the- bell, and would race from tlie garden or yard to reach-the, door ere it was -closed, then takfe her place: demurely, on tlie heorthmg, and sit erect witli tail 'curledgracefully round her,paws.:' IV hen her kitten was old enougli -to .enjoy -the privilege, the mother jnade lier come too and. ,sit by her side an -precisely the same, position, gravely, reproving any inclination to plaj ' ;We.close.our selection with theiollowing extraordinary instance of a cat drowning itself, the facts ..liomg vouched for fby. a correspondent in Perthshirewliowntes.as follows * " l have never been able--to find a proper solution fo^ the pithy saying. ' Care killed a cat;' but recently a -circuiastauce occurred wlucli may throw some light, upon the matter, aud prove- Rn' interesfczDg addition .toyouranecdotes.of-animals... ... :„. , - Some of.us a few days^go were looking, from & club window which. commands a Sne vaew ofLthe-iNortli -Jneh of -Perlli; and .were strticlc"by the erxatic-moTpmeniis:of -a,-; large:t>lack..eat,-.a'be creature was wander-' mg about upon the lncli m a listless and it" Eeeined aa - anjileas .fashion, ,sittjjig--,down •now and; then,-and After bnofr pause re-, suuiHjg its loitenngs. - ..jPresenilyit- moved! •down -tlie -xiver-side .towards. ,the,Abridge which spaus-:the Tay, and-we lost -sight ,of the ..animal: and also of; .our. speculations: .Next day, as I was jjrossmg the bndgc, a acquamtnnce-Jaidihold of me, and -told: ine tiiat lio had -something curious to comlounicste in .the way of natural history. " Bimfflg his, constitutional, - liis attention was arrested, by the figure of. .a black cat sitting upon .a -heap,of stones and wearing' -an aspect of the most strange dejection.; Passing on, he- turned, round after -a little* jrnd pereeived' the cat - folloiving slowly m; his track. .. alien it came close.up to him, gazedpiteously in Ins face, and gave utterance: to a low wail of peculiar ajiguish. 1 'Holding out his hand out to the distressed' creature he said, "Poor Pussy! what's the matter with you?' It looked :at him. steadily : for a moment, and then descending: n- to the river m silence, leapedan,-and keep-j m^ its whole body resolutely-under, "was dro-mied .in two minutes without. one; ius attempt, -to escape from lis .fate. Is: .it; known to any one of your .readers ithat; animals addicted like ,men:flnd women •to-ihe-'Siaof, suicide? -TVe have all read of; •the; scoiinoii,putting.on >eijd-.,to; its-tigony; by the keen poignard of its OT\nEting, l)iit we >are --iii tlie- liabit of identifying suicide; with "those, of the liuman-, species who cannot -bear to .face -tlieir owji actions.; Gould it "he-'that poor grimalkin was :under • mental aberration,.or .had care really killed :the cat ? Were ;tlie cares of lifeitoo much! for this -unfortunate-,of tlve fehnc -tnlje? "Wlieu, we think of the- proverbial, dislike of. cats: even to. wet their ;gIossy .paws, .the act! reeorded evmces. a .deep ^determination of piupose^aiid a fixed ioatiimg of life,. s .-. -: 