General Gleanings. The Obligation of Joining in the Church's Chief Act of Public Wor ship on Sunday. The Bishop of Middlesbrough, the Right Rev. Dr. Lacy, in his Advent pastoral, says : In our last pastoral address, we en deavoured to explain to you the nature and extent of the obligation of sanctify ing the Lord's Day. We therein pointed out to you, your twofold duty, viz., of abstaining from servile work, and of assisting at, and joining in, the great act of public worship on that day as also, on the other days appointed by the Church to be kept holy. We saw how rigidly, Almighty God commanded His Sabbath to be observed under the Old Law, although it was but a shadow of a greater dispensation, and how un mistakeably He manifested His wrath at its violation. The law of the Christian Church, regulating the time and manner of the public worship dates from the Apostles themselves, and comes to us therefore, with the sanction of God the Holy Ghost, who ever abides with His Church. To treat the Sunday profanely, as though it were not the Lord's Day, has always been regarded with peculiar horror by God's Church. IT IS THE SUREST SIGN OF THE DECAY, or rather, of the loss of Divine faith, and sooner or later provokes the chastisements cf God. But it is not enough, to rest from servile work on the Lord's Day, and days of obligation ; we must. also sanctify the rest, by joining in the Church's chief act of public worship, which is none other than the august Sacrifice of the Mass. The mere state ment of the Church's doctrine regarding this adorable mystery, suffices to explain her maternal command to all her children, to gather around her altars betimes, that they may be all made partakers of the graces and blessings which unceasingly flow from this fountain of living waters. Holy Mass ! How shall we explain in feeble words, what is truly above the power of speech to utter ? It is a divine, not a human, act. "It is not a mere prayer, though the sublimest of all prayers ; it is not a mere instruction, although the divinest of instructions : the Mass is a Divine action in which the priest represents Christ, and in which Christ presents His immolation to God for man" (" Endowments of Man"). The Mass is a Divine action, because it is a sacrifice to God ; it is an action offering to the Divine Majesty, of something all precious in the eyes of God ; it is the sacrifice of the Body and Blood of Jesus Christ, under the appearances of bread and wine, by the ministry of a priest of the New Law. It is identical in every sense save one, with the great Sacrifice on Calvary ; for on the Cross, Jesus Christ, our High Priest, offered His own most sacred Body and Blood to His Father, in atonement for the sins of man BY A PAINFUL AND IGNOMINIOUS DEATH, whereas in Holy Mass He, by the ministry of the priesthood, offers the same Body and Blood to His Father in an unbloody manner, that is, by a mystic death. He can now, neither die nor suffer any more, but he represents His painful death by the separate con secration of the elements upon the altar, by what theologians call a mystic death. But though the manner of offering be different, the Sacrifice of the Mass is identical with that of the cross, for the Priest and Victim are the same, and it is offered up for precisely the same ends ; and lastly, the graces purchased at so dear a rate on Calvary, are fully dispensed from the Christian altar, are applied to those that devoutly assist thereat, and to the whole Church. Now, what were the ends that our great High Priest proposed to Himself upon the cross ? First, He, the second Adam, the true representa tive of the human race, acting in their name, wished to render to God, the supreme homage which is due to Him. Secondly, He wished to make a return of thanksgiving to the great Creator, for all the gifts of nature, and of grace, freely and generously lavished on His ungrateful people. Thirdly, he wished to make satisfaction for our sins, by offering His Body as a Victim on the cross, having taken on Himself the iniquities of us all, that we might die with Him to sin. Fourthly, He wished to purchase for us, by His Blood, the gifts and graces we need to secure the salvation of our souls. Holy Mass being identical with the oblation of Christ on the Cross, is offered up for these same ends, and IS ALWAYS ACCEPTABLE IN THE HIGHEST DEGREE TO THE FATHER. For the Victim is the same, of whom he declared ; "This is my beloved son, in whom I am always well pleased." (Matt, ii 17). The institution of the Eucharistic Sacrifice took place at the Last Supper, when Christ committed to His Apostles, these same sacred mysteries, "Do this for a commemora tion of me"— (Luke xxii. 19) — thereby, ordaining them priests of the New Law, with power to immolate and offer His Body. This was the great Sacrifice foreseen and foretold by the Prophet Malachi, when he said, " From the rising of the sun, even to the going down, My name is great among the Gentiles, and in every place there is a Sacrifice, and there is offered to My name, a clean oblation ; for My name is great among the Gentiles, saith the Lord of Hosts." (Malachi i. 2). This was the Sacrifice foreshadowed by that of Melchisedech, priest of the Most High God, and Prince of Salem, who offered to God a sacrifice of bread and wine, a manifest type of the Christian sacrifice and priesthood, for it was of Christ, the royal prophet spoke when he said, " Thou art a priest for ever, according to the order of Melchisedech" (Psalm cix 17). This is that complete and perfect Sacrifice, which in itself alone, comprises all the blessings which the numerous and imperfect sacrifices of the Old Law signified, and in itself, fulfils in the most exhaustive manner, the several and distinct ends for which they were offered to God. THIS BEING THE FAITH OF THE CHURCH THROUGHOUT THE WORLD, we can easily understand the loving anxiety or our Holy Mother, that all her children should partake of the fruits of the great Sacrifice. She in vites, nay, she commands, under pain of God's displeasure, all her children to assist thereat, and with one mind and one heart, that is, with attention and devotion to unite with the priest, in offering this pure oblation. The sacred and mysterious rite itself, its eloborate ceremonial and priestly vestments, the lights, the altar of sacrifice, the use of the Latin language — the heirloom of the apostolic Church — the prayers said now aloud, now in secret, are all intended to fix the at tention on the great action, which, sacred and awful though it be, quickly comes and quickly goes. The moments are precious, for Christ, our Pasch, is there immolated. It behoves us to stand with loins girt and staff in hand, for we are still pilgrims, and are far from home ; and it is only in the strength of this food, the Lamb that was slain from the beginning, that we can reach our turn home, even the mountain of God. And whilst we in tently gaze upon this mysterious and awe inspiring action, let our hearts heat in unison, with the Divine Heart upon the altar. . . . . . . . . But as the sin of neglect of Holy Mass is so widespread, from whatever cause or causes, whether from ignorance, intemperance, im morality, indifference, or dissipation, and late hours on Saturday nights, let pastors and flock unite together and have from time to time, a Mass of Reparation, at which a large body of the faithful, if possible, may attend. This act of reparation cannot fail to be pleasing to the Sacred Heart of our Lord, wounded by sin, and will move Him to bestow still more abundant graces upon poor sinners. Let the neglectful themselves, be invited to assist at this Mass of reparation, and thus, they will be more readily brought to realize the gravity of the guilt they have incurred. 