AMUSEMENTS Dramatic Gossip. Mr. Toole proposes to leave for Australia about the middle of February, but before he does so his friends both in and out of the pro fession have determined to avail themselves of the opportunity to show the high esteem in which he is held. The public banquet to be given to him on the 12th February at theHdtel Metropole promises to be a memorable affair, bringing together, as it will, many of the lead ing representatives of art, science, and literature. Besides this, Mr. Toole will be entertained by his brother actors at the Garriok and Greenroom Clubs, attendance on this last occasion being strictly limited to members. An appropriate souvenir was prepared by the management of the Shaftesbury Theatre to mark the 101 st performance of " The Middle man" on 10th December. It took the form of an album containing portraits, cabinet size, of the six principal characters, with fac-similes of their autographs attached. Eaoh member of the audience was to be presented with a copy. The new Gilbert-Sullivan opera of "The Gondoliers," which has taken the publio by storm more completely and rapidly than any Savoy opera except, perhaps, " The Mikado," has, it is stated, leas dramatic significance, or at any rate give 3 fewer individual histrionio opportunities, than most of its predecease ri. Mr. Gilbert's dialogue is as witty as ever; but he has not chosen, or perhaps has not tried, to make very much of the development of his story so far as character and situation are con cerned. For the practical purposes of pecuniary success his omission has of course one distinct advantage. The number of singers who can act is not large, and it will no doubt be a con venience for the many provincial and Amerioan companies that will soon be on the road with "The Gondoliers" to be able to do justice to the production by a smooth and level musical performance without any special achievements in the way of comic acting. Mrs. Kendal says that she feels it a disad vantage that she weeps so freely when she acts. The manager of a Kansas theatre has announced that ho " oontrols the Press of that city." One night when Booth was playing in "Julius Cesar," in San Francisco, William Mestayer and the late Charles Bishop were cast for small parts. Each of these two actors had as muoh avoirdupois as it was comfortable to carry. When Coesar said, " Let me have men about me that are fat," Mestayer and Bishop ran forward and shook him heartily by the hand. Mr. Booth, who was Brutus, exploded in laughter. " I never saw him laugh heartily but that once," says Mestayer. During the Exhibition, the Parisian theatres took altogether over £1,000,000. The German authorities, it is said, have for bidden an opera company in Strasbnrg to dis play the French flag on the stage during the performance of " The Daughter of the Begi ment." Sardou, the famous French dramatist, lately received an address of thanks from 100 Parisian mothers-in-law—all members of good families —in acknowledgment of the service done to those holding such relationship by the favourable light in which they are placed in his play " La Belle Maman." In a funereal play lately brought out in Brussels, called " Jovial, the Coffin Merchant," the first act takes place in a coffin factory, the second in the morgue, the third in a graveyard, and a revel of ghosts winds up the show. A friend of the late Tom Robertson, the dramatist, has forwarded to the writer of the dramatic notes in the London Daily Telegraph the following anecdote:—"l have not scon * Caste' since the first night, when I unnerved poor Tom by a premature congratulation at the end of the second act, he being still naturally anxiou3 for the result. We were standing together at the back of the circle of the old Princo of Waies's Theatre, leaning on the barrier, when I foolishly slapped him on the shoulder in my thoughtless friendship. When all was over and success assured he told me in his original way the story of the rrian who car ried a chest of oranges on.his head from Botolph-lane to Covent Garden for a wager. The poor wretch was killed by a ' pal' who, just as the wager was being won, gave him a slap on the overweighted spine—and broke it. Robert son insisted that my felicitations, coming bo near his triumph, came almost as a death-blow to it and him 1" Boueath the oross erected by his widow over the grave of E. L. Blanchard (says St. Jarnal^ have been carved the following lines:— Rest tbon in peace, one we hare loved on earth; By taste a student and by nature mild; The star of friendship and the soul of mirth; A man in patience and in heart a child. o. a Mrs. Blanchard has presented to Mr. Clement Scott, the famous dramatic critic (author of the lines quoted above), the well-known walking' stick which " E. L. B." always used on Boxing Night at Drury Lane and on no other occasion throughout the year. It is a valuable malacca with a top carved with masks and engraved with the names of Blanchard's principal plays and pantomimes. Death on the stage (says a writer in the Daily Telegraph) is no rare occurrence. Better* ton broke down after performing Melantius in "The Maid's Tragedy," and never rallied after the fall of the curtain; Peg Woinngton tottered to the stage-door crying, " 0 God! O Ood 1" after speaking Rosalind's epilogue, and never returned; Foote was seized with paralysis on the stage; and Miss Maria Linley died at Bath while singing " I know that my Redeemer liveth!" and, as to Edmund Kean, who doe 3 not know that his strength failed him after the groat speech, " Othello's occupation's gone," and, sinking on his son's shoulder, ha whispered, "lam dying! Speak to them for me!" Strangely enough, two celebrated French actors have recently been stricken with paralysis while on the stage. One was the delightful comedian Milher, who can no longer join the " Train de Plaisir" at the Palais Royal, being afflicted with paralysis in the throat; the other, M. Christian, a great Parisian favourite, who, whilst waiting at the prompt entranoe to appear in a revue called "Paris* Exposition," suddenly fell to the ground paralysed. 