'THE RE .'. MR. OEADJDOUK. [BY THEOLooos ] I did not get the opportunity of hearing the successor to the Rev. W. Clemens until last Sunday,for his mission of love and duty did not begin here till Easter Sunday, and I on the same mission on that day was away from here, Mr. Craddock is, evidently, a different type of preacher to Mr. Clemens. Mr. Clemens was popular because of his eloquence and poetry. Mr. Craddock preached last night a sound doctrine and withal an eloquent discourse. The text was taken from the prophesy of Zacharia, 13 c., 1 verse: "In that day there shall be a fountain opened to the house of David and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem for sin and uncleanness." In studying the word of God it will be found that He has made references to soecial periods for the fulfilment of His promises. Jehovah, as one of them, counselled with the Trinity as to the day when the Redeemer should appear, and the date was fixed and no accident could disannull His design. His hand could not be turned back. Jesus was to come in the fulness of times, and he did so come. He passed through countless foes, amid varied and dangerous scenes; yet His mission was fulfilled at the time decreed. The slomu of Cal dry'over shadowed llimu from9 the Manger to thi' Mount, and'd : felt its chilly:infiueiice'iAll along the lineiinltil ,the tiwe:b;hadl co"e when lie was as a. sheep .passively ,in the hatids of the shinarei.: insdl when li eB'ieRied, " My God .,Mvy. God ! :whyS; hast: Thou.for, sakeil Ml." Whe;? His time was come.lle a?oided 'not lhis enemies; wh'ile b Icfaore, they ,could not hairm, Himu.;,- .Thus the Father's designis were: recognised: by the Sun, and the power of the Holy Ghost had been ?e powerful and comforting .f.ator in austiani"? Hili. mHe -knew the Father's desigh; lnd hlie'acquiesced in it. No one is able to stay the hand of the Infinite One. -We, too, make our little plans. Man, proposes': God disposes-and so our plans often fail and others succeed to them quite different to what we anticipated. When the time spoken of by the prophet hbid come and the Reedeemer had come thf fount was opened for sin and unclean ness. Theprophetreferred to the ceremony of cleansilaiander the Mosaic dispensation. There in the brazen laver in the tabernacle and tembple did a priest (a Levite) blathe night 'ind nmorning as a token of clearsin; of the people. Here, too, in Christ's death was a fountain open to :ill: -Where' the priest. was actually only cleansed from the impurity of his own' body, thouh the act' was symbolical and for the whole people, , and wais reially aprishoisal ,lemnsi?'bdily as far as he himself ias 'c?oireiined. The blood of' Christ, cleanscth.: from : all sais. The pure : stream which , flowed down Calvarys Mount from the Saviour's riven side is still as powerfully efficacious now as then. The influence of the Savmiour's love follows sinful ma ceverywhere, and ,he is as welcome to the Saviour's love aind' pardon wherever he miy "be- in i crowded. chuchh orlin the wilds of a dense forest. The laver in which the priest of old passed through w:.as emptied every time:the 'cre-, mony was pierformed. This fountain is - .ever open, pure, free and ; for all.: :It is equal to all iniquity-the greatest sinner harisaccess to its saving power i the: vilest' sinner may have redemption if. sought -for., This spot was only open to the priest-it: was closed to the people. Now the vail :is rent in twain;, The Jehovah was accessablets not: through priest and Levite -but by. every suppliant-he is a personal Saviouri and desires to he sought of to save? Noth= ing is shut in these days of' grace to .the Father's salvation. His, grace and :love and mercy a're free. His ear is never ishut to our petitions, our cries, our necessities, and we have free access to the Father- by. prayer and supplication. All form 'and. ceremony is swept away, and the matter lies just between man and his God. Perhaps because the fount is open for 'all and we know our sinsa may be forgiven, we may be slugeish over the matter;baut then we must not forget that we must work out our own:salvation. S'Mr, Craddock closed his eloi~ient sermon with an invitation to all to: come to this :precious fount and seek and find salvation,: for the day haid come, the day of salvatino for everyone of us, for we knowr not what may befall us, eternity may he nearer to us than we imagine. We wish Mr. Craddock every success while in our midst, the same success that attended the labors of his predecessor; 