Great Welshman. Death of Railway King. By Bbytbon. _ Thero is not perhaps in all tho branches of literature anything more valuable than bio graphy, and eapeoiaily tho biography of men who havo rison from the poorest to tho richest ranks, such, for instance, as Abraham Lincoln and Garfield, in America, and tho late David Daviea, of Llandinam, in Wales. The histories of men like these form not nnfreqnently tho histories of nationalities, and the effect that the reoital of their hardships, their struggles against adverse oironmstanocs, and their ulti mate triumph over them, oannot possibly be over-estimated. And it ia mainly because I attribute great importance to tho influenos which the reading of tho lives of groat men may help to make tho world sublime, that I ask for speoial space to recite, ae concisely sb I can, the atory of the life of Mr David Davies. My faotB are gleaned from tho columns of the Oswestry Advertiser, an old Shropshire newspaper of the highest respect ability, and whoso veracity therefore is urim- pencbablo. Mr. Davios was bora at a place caltod Draintowion, LI indinam, onDeoember IS, ISIS, bis father being tho village sawyer, and, in a small way, tho looal timber merchant. Like most Welsh boys of his time, David Davies had to depend npon the education cf the parish cbureh for his early instruction, but he supplemented this by thoughtful self-culture and the practical training whioh tho university of observation gave him, and in whioh he took, not a mere " pass," but very high honours. His playfellows and companions at Bchool, aud the village lads of that time wore well acquainted with tho traits of bis character before they were unfolded in praotioal life. Ho was tho winner in every game at marbles, or at tho gams of pins or buttons or pitch and tosB, it was almost the invariable custom for him to turn up the " T — toko all," while tho rest had to go hare. In these, as in all other after matters of his life David Davios's rulo of conduct was to carry ont the great precept, " Whatsoever thy band findoth to do, do it with all thy might." He left school when about 1 1 years of age, and worked with his father and brothers in the timber business. Plank making was a speciality with them, and soon their fame in that line became such that they had orders to execute from far and wido. At tho age of 20, Mr. DavieB's father died, leaving him the eldest son of a widowed mother, and practically now tho head of the family. David Davios realised the position at once. He did not sit down and sorrow, as one who would have no comfort. His keen perception and natural gifts stcod him in good stead, now that he had become the solo prop and director of tho whole household. Nor did his happy luck forsake bim under all his burden of responsibilities. He allowed no difiiculty to obstruct his path ; but with a strong and unconquerable will, a determined enorgy, and bold attack, ho over came them all. Thero had bf en founded in the yonng man's heart noble Christian prin ciples when as a child he bent in prayer at bis mother's knees — which will doubtless account for the solidarity of his character and enthusiastic support of all Chria- ' tian organisations. At one time when contribu tions were eolioited towards the hqnidation of a dabt on a chapel Mr. Davies promised a good round sum, to the astonishment of somo of the ohapel authorities, and thiB was promised at a time when ho did not know where the sum was to come from, thus tempting Frovidenoe to throw her favours into his lap ; but he was able to meet fully every obligation. After a time Mr. Davies took up a large farm called Tyny- maen, a beautiful spot on the Welsh side of the Severn Valloy, and which now forms the home farm, or what wo Australians would term it, the head station of the Plasdinam Estate. To his already fairly big possessions— and they really were big in those days, when one had to pay sa much as S3 an aore for rental — Mr. Davies annexed Gweraerin, for, as bis resources increased, bis experience widened, and, as will be shown later on, his liberality, always large, was largely expanded. An amusing incident (says the ghost of my departed friend Askew Roberts, of Oswestry) is related of Mr. Davies. At the time of his removal to Gweraerin it was necessary that be should largely increase his stock, and for tbis purpose ho attended an auc tion where there were a number of cows on sale, some of whioh he had determined to buy. Not being dressed like a wealthy man or a gentleman farmer, and persistently bidding for every oow to whioh he had taken a fancy, having an excellent judgment in all such mat ters, the auctioneer paused and expressed a strong doubt as to the substantiality of his meanB in making so many purohases, and loudly asked bim for his bail. Mr. DavieB then drew out a long, well-worn, and old-fashionec purse, and held it up, jingling the ocutents, and saidj " Here's my bail, man ; go on and "from that time," significantly adds his bio- graphiBt, "he oould get all the cows he wanted." Farming and plank- sawing still occupied Mr. Davies's time until he met Mr. Savin, whose name is a household word in connection with Cambrian railways. About thiB time, how ever, Mr. Davies took unto himself a partner, the ehosen lady being Miss Margarot Jones, the youngest daughter of Mr. Edward Jones, Llanfair Gacreinion, of whom I venture to quote thia much : " Mrs. Davies has been a true and real helpmeet, and the means of enoouraging Mr. Davies in all his liberality, and there is some reason to believe that though Mr. Davies was pre-eminently a philanthro- Eist, yet tbo support which he obtained from in equally generous and sympathetic wife pro bably more than assisted tho innor tondonoies of his good heart to break outinto praotioal aots of benevolence." I bavo nlready mentioned the name of Mr. Savin, with whom Mr. Davies entered into partnership, and together went into tho work of constructing railways in the principality. Their first undertaking was the Llanidloes and Newton railway; then oame the Vale of Olwyd line from Rhyl to Denbigh— now extended to Ruthio, Corwcn, with a branch to Bala, Llangolleu, and Ronton, where it joins the London aud Great Western line. Other railways of. equal importance to tbo development of Wales fol lowed in rapid succession, but I need not tnou tion them bore, save only thst particularly great work, tho construction ot tho Pembroke and Tenby railway, in which ho was joined by- one of tho most noble hearted cf men I ever knew, Mr. Ezra Robtrts, of Llanelwv (St Asaph). Mr. Davios amassed wealth, and not unnaturally, sought new chnnnels for its in vestment. This lauded bim in mining specula tions in the Rhondda Valley, nnd in 18G5 he vrns one of tbo promoters of the Ocean Collieries Limited Liability Company, which ultimately lol to tho construotion of the Barry dookaand rail way. Seven years ago Mr. Davies began hi-! orueado against the Marquis of Bute, heading the list of promotion money with an offor of £100 000 ; aud, while under examiuntion be fore tho Parliamentary Committee, and asked how the money could be raised, ho charac teristically replied : " If the people oan't find the money 1 will find it all mysolf." After thrco years' fighting, tho Marquis of Bute's cuse collapsed, and tbo result has boon tho con struotion of some of tho finest docks in the world. Mr. Davies was twice elcoted H.P. for Cardigan constituencies, but was beaten on Mr. Gladstone's Irish Home Rule Bill in 18S1G, Mr. Bowon Ro wands, Q O., dofcatiug him. Mr. Luoy, thobrillinnt Into sub- editor of thoLon- don JOaityNews, in bis "Diuryof Two Parlia ments," gives a raoy description of Mr. Davies : " I have been a working man myself, Mr. Speaker, ' ho has often told us with his fine South Woli-B aooont : " nnd now I employ a good many men, aud pay moro in wages in a week than somo of you would think." Luoy adds : " Ho is known hath in and ont of the Houeo as one of its most modcBt and most genuine members, who never speaks on a sub- jeot with whioh ho is not thoroughly acquainted, and who nnvcr sits down without baring first imparted to tho House somo shrewd observation, or some humorous notion." Such is the re cord of a beautiful lifo. May it bo that tboro are living somo young Welshmen to follow its splendid example. There are other inoidouts in it whioh, if space were at command, ono wonld like to mention ; but I think I oannot do better than oloio this brief notioe with the fol lowing extraot from tho Advertiser, ot tho samo time, in fancy, placing on tho lid of tho ,de- purtcd's ooffiu a wbito flower, a lily, from Aus tralia : — "Through tho greater part of hiB life Mr.. Davies enjoyed robust health, but about two years ago bo was composed to oonault Dr. Pavcy, of London, for diabetes, and, although the disease was successfully checked Mr. Davies never recovered bis vigour. Ho was attended at various times by Dr. Fergnsson, of Caersws, Dr. GUI, of Welshpool, and Dr. Bard, of Shrewsbury, and Dr. Price, of Cardiff, was sent for to see tho patient in consultation with Dr. Gowan, of Newtown, who attoudod bim up to tho last. Dr. James, of Rhondda Valley, a brother-in-law of the deceased gentlemen, frequently paid visits to Broncirion, and a month ago Sir William Roborts was called in, and after a minute examination was inclined to attribute the illness to induration of tho liver or inward cancer. A apeoialiat in csncer diseases, Dr. Andrews, of London, was then consulted, but he was unable to pronounce the nature of tho disease, and 8ir Andrew Clark, who, with Hir William Roberts oame down to Broneirion about a fortnight ago, was not inclined to accept the theory that Mr. Davies waB suffering from cancer, believiog it to bo more probably a contraction of somo vcfEol which effected tho Btoraach. Tho disease, which thus baffled the skill of tho most eminent doctors, and oould not bo diagnosed, unhappily caused Mr. Davies great pain, and it was net possible to perform auy operation which cooid relieve bim. During tho fine weather Mr. Davies drove out nearly ovcry day, accompanied by his devoted wife or somo attaohed friend, until at last the motion of tbo carriage affected him, und this phase of out- deer recreation hud to be given up. Longiug, howuver, for tho air whioh comes iresh und puro from the hills that surround Broneirion, und for the lovely view to be obtained from the slopes, he spout a part of his timo in walking on tho terraces, but day by day bo grew weukcr, and tho mysterious disease which caused him so mush suffering compelled him to retire to the quietness of indoor life. As his weakness increased, und ultimately he was aliogether confined to his bed, ho expressed a desire that it might bo laid in the dining- room, and there, at 4 o'clock od Sunday after noon, he passed away, in the presence of bis widow, hiB only son, Mr. Edward Davies, and tho family attendants. His last moments were full of pain for the patient und great anxiety for the members of the household, and although it was known that the end couidnot bo fur oif , it came somewhat unexpectedly to tho sorrowing group at Broneirion. Mr. Davios, who was a man of strong religious convictions, often ex pressed & desire that bis friends should not pray for his recovery ; and, indeed, it was almost impossible to wish that a lifo of so much suffer ing should be prolonged." 