ONE SAILOR.. ! I NHVEn called a sailor a worse name tha) 'you leather-head,'" said p venerable sea captain ' never swore at a sailor; never struck one; never caused a man to be actu ally flogged; though I once triced a fellow up ready for the lash, who gave inbefore he was struck a blow.. I never drew a wealpon upon a man. Once I was sitting in my cabin of tihe Lio/ Tnhompson, when tihe mate dashed in on -me, pale as-a ghost, for getting even to pull off his cap, slhouting tlint a sailor 'lowed thalt thele were not men enough on hoard ship to put him in irones. I stepped ent on* deck. I had my pistol in hand, but behind my back. The men-were all in a commotion about the forecastle hatch. I was conscious that I had always been kind and just to that crew, though they were the larlest crew I had had in many a voyage. I stood before them, and firmly said to the ringleandr: "' Come here, my man.' "It seemed an ge while hlie was debating whether to obey. My fingers stiffened on the pistol, for a mutiny at sea is o horror. But tihe mutineer turned, came aft, and put up his hands for the irons. So, thank God, I can say I never even drew a weapon on any one of my many hundreds of sailors. I don't believe it is necessary. Be a true man; be a friend to lie sailor; treat him as if he were a man and not a beast; don't ever let himn catch you in a mean act; govern yourself as if you believed the same God was at sea as on land, and you will hDve no trouble." Tihe speaker was the hero of a hundred paecket-slip voyages across the Atlantic. My younger readers may not know tCat thie packet slhip wans tie predecesser of the "oeean greylund" of onr day. Between Liverpool and New York tihe hage and rcpacious packet, with vast sails spread to the winds for motive power, "fanned over" thousunds of enigrants, who are now grand sires in America to this generation. In those days a sailor was a man who knew howi to lhandle a sail. Now he is, for the most part, a marine machinist. Then were voyages of anboit thlirty daes, in which time the little world of lthe sliils company of often 1,500 seals were shut up and shut out from their fellow-creatures on the globe, a realm all to themselves. Tile slip's captain was tile autocrat of this little cosmos. His skull was the dome of the State Itinac. His word was absolute law. liis right arm was the chief and only executive, sheriff, and army. Those were days when clharacter in the captain lnid moet ample illustretion of its power for good or evil. I know of no other such station for the exhilbition of the power of clorecter, except the motler's place in the lonely family group of the frontier. Tihe venerarlie skiipper of tile Le;/ Thoiiiesoni spoke volimes of wisdomn when lie used the words I have quoted above. I was recently standing at the gang~vay of a well- known steamer, idly wateifiaher unloading. Tie mate in command ofat tihe men was of the very roughest type. He was exceedingly ignolble. lie vias a gign tic fellow. Ile hiad no authority over the sailors, or deck-lands, as they are techni cally called, except the physical terror lihe inspired. lIe cursedGod andthe men. Ile roared and thundered. Ite seemed quite ready for a knock-down at any moment. I nsked about liim, and was told of tihe shocking birutality that lie had often ex hibited, which hod several times caused his arrest. When I inqnired whly a repi tll coilnpanyn kept suche a man in their employ, I was toll "' that there was no other force except brute force, which could get the work out of a gang of the kind that nowadays follow thie water." If the sea or the rivers and lakes were the only places where this errorprevails my paper migli t, perlnaps, betterlanve boensent to the Seam?in's Frienl, tlhat dear old paper, which mnaylIeaven bless. The idea is quite common, however, in the minds of a certain type of overseers set to watch working men, that force of control is in a savage manner and hlarsh tone; in a face that never smiles on the toilers, nor notices a blister with compassion. low many seem to think it really necessary to curse the beaded bick of the workman! All this is der ot in is Iheart by whicll your love lead?him, and which the brutal overseer can never reaclh. I appeal to gangs of giants who, about tlhe limliermoai's camp firethese winter nights, may read what I now write, if there is not an occasional man who is king among them by his kindl ness more than by any appointment of the corporation which put hlm in charge of them. lHere and there you have met him, and worked under him. He onever called a man even a fool. He was too true to be brutal, too noble to be disobeyed, too just to be suspeted, too brave to ask you to face a danger from which he himself shrunk. A man who could tell a good story occasionally withlout the loss of dignity when the laugh came in; whom you have seen in tears at some poor fellow's cottage, when accident had made tihe children or plans. This man's voice was pitched low, bat it was mightier than the roar of the blasphemer. No man enn govern others, who does not govern himself. There is many a kingly man who does notneed to strike a blow with the hand, because the blow he strikes is in the eye's glance. A good man's surprise, contempt or indignation shines iYis eyres. Of all men, there nmaone who are ao amenable to to te sway of- caracter in an ofliceras the men of the sea. The sailor is always a poet. _ IHe is qufic to feel, where landsmen slowly reason. IIo is a dreamer. Heis much alone, and busy with voices in the soul. Ile hns hearing by memory or by hope. Ite is, like the plilosopher, a great grown child. No man detectisgood or evil in character quicker than the sailor. Is it not so-you that read this in the fore castle, far upon tihe ocean? "I was detennined to kill him," said a sailor to me. " I hd heen brought on boaroed at Liverpool when intoxicated. I did not know what I was doing when I ig sod shlipping papers: 31y re-e was al most insanity when the first oaeer etrnek me. Were you ever struck? You read about it, but it is a queer, crazy sensation when you are actually blushing under tihe blow. ThIe insult is the unbearable part of it. I was then sent to the wheel-house to make fast a loosened window-sash, for I Ihad had some experience as a glazier. On my way over, I managed to secure my re volver in the darkness. I lay in wait for thl first officer, but, strung to say, tihe cap tain came in tis place. Leaning upon tihe brass railing of the stairs, blie caught sight of me crouching In the ldark. Very lkindly and calmly he said: '3y boy, come this W'y.' I could not help obeying. Said he : 'Wly shduld-you go to destruction? You make me tlhink of my own boy. I- once had one; he was about your size whenGod took him and left me alone. Now, let me beyour friend, and you behave yourself on this sliip." That man could lhave askedme to jump overboard for him, and I would havedone it!" That sailor is now one of the most trustedl chief employees in a great shipyars in his native Scotland, and the kind word I saved him to himself and humanity. 