NO. 315 SOUSH AUDLEF STREET. (VANITY FAIK.) It was a charming little house, and it suited me exactly. My wife said so j and as everything that pleases her pleases me, I said so too ; and we' took it furnished for twelve montbB from Lady-day. The landlord's name wes Mr. de Rossay, but we never saw him as he had gone abroad. We only in tended to use tbe bouse for the season I and for occasional visits when tbe country became dull, or when the frost stopped bunting. As a matter of faot, we lived in it for three-quarters' of our term, and tried to take it on afterwards j but tbe owner was coming back to live in it, ahd is living there at this moment. I have not been quite so certain during the paBt few weeks that I should like te return to it; but my wife says that, except for an attack of indigestion and a consequent nigh t-mare j I never was sick or sorry in it, and that she wishes to goodness we were back now, instead of in a Victoria street flat. I deny the indigestion, and I question the night-mare ; but it is of no UBe. My wife would go to Blankney's ball on the fifth of July in last year, and I would not. Everything which pleases my wife pleases me; bat exceptions prove the rule. So when she said that she should do as she pleased, I said so should I. Then she was quite pleaBed to go without me, and the rule was again proved ; so much so that I nearly repented and went with her: but eventually consoled, myself by dining with a bachelor friend at his club, and doing a theatre. Of course I had to stand bim supper in return, so we had a lobEter salad, and . a little buttered crab somewhere in Maiden ' lane— I forget the names, of. those places now tbat I am married,. Tbe supper was jex&}ient,'so tas t}i e bakgntiAf |kfter *«jgar I turned .|n *boat 1 flfcldck, ^and fell asleep so quickly that-£ had ?hardly time to -wonder, how toy -wife jWfo «njciyin g herself, tfnd '£-; JippS ;tbat She Would not wake me on hpr . return. I must have been asleep for a couple of hours/when 1 was arouted by a light in' oiy eyes. Thinking that it ^ was toy wife, I grunted as re toon tranceand pre pared to turn over 'to my other side. I partly opened my eyes as I did bo, .and, .to^ tjiy ^tonishmpnt, saw a man 3b evening dress betiding over iny |-s,d .with a 'candle. , in, ''.nanti/1: I 'was,1 hs^ieep on ' the' left ,^e of 4tie ' bed, ' in the, powtion that fp4! as the bed/w&'a .W^^ide one/ I! pould nof! Uit pjit j^hat, jhe! was dbing, day eye-j glass. When, however, I had reallyj gpt my eyes opep and uspdjo tbe light,! I could tion to me, ' fcut:lqoking at toe aide of; the bed nearer to.him— t£e ejwjjg, in fact,l usually occupied oy my wife.' ' j that my wile—no; the hair on thej pillo w was long and fair, and my wife] is,* tonfctte; %taai^'Btween*' onrselVeaj ;t&WT-B;(j^ev;.oif. ^ vh&r;' ! -woman'quite anknowh.-to:me,')wbbl inn' lying half undt68^-6tftrid&1of'&VfcM;!. j — Hereyes must liaveiteeninlfdosad. ( rT~; ggi js? r~~ pf'~7' BH! ;i ^in» 'JB aj^ery deep, but ztgfP dislgr^wbje yoica, ^Diink this,' In hisfeft hand ihe man held a wine glass, with some dark liquid in it. The woman moaned faintly. ' You shall drink' it, ' be said, in a slightly louder tone. And as be did so he placed the caudle on tbe foot of the bed. White moving; he threw-the ligb t more completely on bis features, and 1 saw them clearly. He waB a dark, aquiline-featured man, distinctly of a Jewish type, with black hair and moustache, and with tbe blackest eyeB that ever I saw, and the hardest look-'. ' ing. There was tbe least touch of something wrong with the left eye — a cast, I suppose, but a slight one — -just enough to give a sinister expression to the face in some aspects of it. He returned with the wine glass^till in his left hand, and with Jiis right he clutched tbe woman's left, aud 1 could see his teeth clinch and the muscles of his lean square juw set them selves. She gave a little shriek of pain but opened her band, and then let her fingers close on the stem of the glasB. ' 7)rink it off,' he said ; ' it is the sedative Sir William ordered ; a wonderful thing for neuralgia.' She raised her head from the pillow and put the glass to her lips. As she did so, I could see the marks ou her wrist, where he had olutched it, change from white to red. 'It is very strong,' she said, taking a sip. ' Drink it down,' he £aid, still in bis deep, geutle voice j and putting his arm round her neck be thrust his finger against her lips till she opened her mouth. His hand was on the bottom of tbe glass, and he tilted it till it stood on end. She choked and coughed. ' You are as hard to dose as a dog,' he said, with a low, soft laugh. ' You will soon sleep now. Good-night, mora am.it.' Then he took up the light aud wallwd towards the door, looking back as he did so with a sort of smile on his cruel, Ballow face, and with the cast in his eye more apparent tban ever, It was the sort of look that a man might have as he watched the result of an interest ing experiment — a look full of quiet, cheerful interest. I had been waiting then from secone to second — tbe whole transaction hardly took a minute — for one of them to notice me. Twice I had opened my lips to speak, but a vague felliug kept me silent. Now that the man was actually leaviug the room I shouted after him. But, to my horror, I could not hear myself ; and the man did not turn his head as be closed the door after bim. Had I been suddenly struck with deafness, hg at least would have heard ; and I should not have been able to listen, as I was listening, to the heavy laboured breathing of the woman lying beside me in the pitchy darkness, or to be conscious that it was growing fainter and fainter, till, after a low, moaning gurgle, it choked and ceased altogether. Then the spell was broken, and I was able to spring up in bed with a yell of horror tbat -resounded through tbo bouse, clutching in vain terror in the blaokness, my hand falling first upon the head and then upon the hand of tbe woman beside me. To my astonishment, my band -vas angrily grasped by little warm fingers, then flung back upon tbecounterpane ; while the voice- of my wife, sleepy,' very cross, but unmistakably bers, asked what on earth I meant by rousing her from her , first sleep when she bad shown such consideration in slipping into bed with out disturbing me.' I told her as well as I could ; but neither then, nor during the day which followed, when I told the whole story . much ks I have above, was any explana tion which did not include the buttered crab accepted by her. In fact, i ^he pooli-poohed and scoffed at my ghost story to such an extent that, though the incident took place a year ago) I have hardly ventured even to think of it since. . . , . But the whole affair was brought to my mind forcibly a week or two ago, when I was at the office of my late landlord's solicitor, making some pay ments, which hy-the-bye, I ought to have made on giving tip 'possession' at' Lady-day. I had remarked to him. bow sorry 'we'.' were to turn out, and that he might have allowed lis to stay -pn for a iew. weeks of the season.: consider ing: that our landlord had only now returned. 'What sort of a man is Mr. de Rossay ?' I asked. « jlp seenm pfettyi peremptory, from the only oorreppppd ence I have had with Vim,^ ' Poor old Will,i' said Mr, Inkpen. ' He is not so bad as he snakes himself out, and he has had a lot of trouble. - However, he seems happy anough now. - Look at his photograph I' And the solicitor, who waB filling up a receipt ior'-my money, nodded towards a' lat^e e;ive}ope which lay oh the table ic frpnt bf Mm. ' 1 I 'What sort of trouble:?' I naked,' thinking that, at all events, iMr. d^ Rossay had not had ~ to . accompany hi^ wife nver » hundred and'odd fUrnished pats.and housps in search of a roof to shelter him! , f1;,'. . ' j . ' Trpuble I' ejaculated Mr. inkpen;: ' Why bis young' wife died when they £ 3^tr,V I haa lieto thf^^ttg ^df my 'bachelor! daj%, atiU l;«expWd » jheooming sympathy for;4M«vdb Rosay. Mr. Ink-j ^pen.'Who « a^&y;, cheeryT%peMiiieiipof! ! a lawyer— T^or^' 'l$e'.-, family doctor] _ '.Charming girl she was, with a snugl iters, ana she died there two years fegoj on Satutda^li&ctf;~01Fiti?did not knowj fmfwSM /a?8 to wander atout looking (ikM, corpse : bat since ne hijMi been abroad, like many otbe^eo|$le ^wbo 4eem heartbroken, be has married again,' jagjl-udying medicine in BWOSP^atSfiS time Marie was taken ill.' 'Indeed!' I said again. I was getting a little tired of Mr. and Mre. d6 j / 'She used to lielp to nurse poor Marie with ithe .greatest devotion ; fed | her, mixed ber drinks — e y eiy th in p in 1 fact. 1Sb®'gaW-upWPltfaf^^SB0. I Curious what one -woman will do for 1 another, isn't it ? Will is half- Spanish 1 himself, arid his firat;wife w4i/Fr€2ch ; 1 but this time' he has' Ttiatried' an ling- 1 lish girl, thank goodness I Well, Well, I if he iB ever ill he ; Wj$', haVe '''a'-good I nurse to look after him,1 and a very 1 pretty one too. Look at the p&tfi;'i- 1 gr«|ph.' . \ I I drew from the enveloper«Wt-inet I picture of two persons standing 'sidsjby I Bide. At the pretty features 'bf the I bride I hardly glanced tVe man Juaeide I her was enough for . me,: , There' he I stood, unmistakable — the dark hair I and moustache, the sinster smile, the I curious look in the left eye 1 I Suppose I I uttered some exclamation, for Mr. I Inkpen looked up, feurpiised. : ' I 'What is the matter?' he said, I rather drily. 'You don't know Ser. I do you?' -T I ' No,' I said ; ' but he is like some- I one I know.' Then, as aft I oould I hardly tell my story to a solicitor and I the cousin of the man in tiSe&Sbu; : I ' What did his first wife die of f ;-lfV I ' Very sad affair,' he answeid. I 'Delicate woman. HeMlwWg, and I neuralgia' — you know the sort of thiug ; I took a lot of opiates,, Qne fligh't she I took an overdose of chloral or laudanum I or something of the kind, and died, while I be was in the next room undressing^' I 'Dear me I' was all I oould say. I »How sad i' I 'Sad?' he echoed; 'It was only I bis iron nerves and conptitution tbafc I enabled his reason to stand the shock. I I had a lot of worry, too, about ;the I business, trying to get her insurance I money for weeks before ' they would I pay it. We had to threaten an action, I but they gave in. Of course, it yas I not suicide.' I 'No,' I echoed j. of course it -was I not Buicide. What date did yoit sa jf I ' It was Saturday next — the fith of I July, bless you 1' said Mr.' Iokpen, 1 evidently gratified at having ao visibly 1 shocked me. ' We should have been | nowhere, all tbe same( but for thi-t girl, 1 the present Mrs. de Rossay. She knew fl of every drop that poor Marie took, 1 and could not stop her. Well, it's all 1 over now, and de Rossay will spend ttie I second anniversary of his first wife's 1 death in . her house with a new bride, I What a thing It is tp have ironnerres I I Don't you envy him ?' I 'No,' I laid, turning as I left the I room j upon my soul I don't 1' '* I I fancy Mr. Inbpeh' stared 4 little I as I left I would not pa^ to-night at 1 315 South Audley atreeti if I had tbe 1 house rent-free for the rest of the season, I No, upon my soul, I do not envy Mr, 1 de Rossay to-night, nor his wife either I I But perhaps she has iron tpo, 1 