trocai' an'd'.IJpamat.io ^n-. tefrtaiaisjeat. ?/,-. The local Dramatic Club gave their iirst entertainment on Saturday night last at tho School of Arts. The mem bers have been making preparations for the . event for some time, past, and spared neither time nor trouble to render their n'rs-- appearance before the public as favorable as pos cihla T f. tii, tor nnur Ka ihm, f ,P«m«i tr +n i them tc have it acknowledged on all | hands that they have' emerged from I the ordeal with Hying colors. If the plaudits of a largo and representative audience are any recompense, then they I have been well .recompensed for their j labor. Tiio night lieing favorable, | t.iere was a good audience, and finan cially the undertaking was, we believe, up to expccta:son-. Not the least noticeable feature of the evening's entertainment was the unravelling to public view for the Iirst time of three new scenes. Tho first is . a distant view of.r.Eddystono Lighthouse; the second the interior of tlie'lan orn of the lighthouse, by ?rubonligh,!;.; and the last, a cave, supposed to 'exist under tho lighthouse, and to.bti inhabited by a demon. The whole bear evidence of exceptional skill for an amateur, and 'as legards the Cave scene, in particular, the appearance of which 'elicited hearty appiausn, it ,is not too not too' much to say it is equal, if- not superior, to uiy in the School of Arts. V\ e understand tiie painting of the scenes is tl;e work of our valued citizen, Mr. A. Jlooie, of the 'local Public School. The entertainment opened with an overture by Mr. W. Bramble (violin), and Masters D andC. Gullagher(piano). Mr. Bramble sang 'The Slave Ship' in his usu il spirited stylo, and was accorded hearty applause. A., vocal solo, '? Kingdom B!::st,' nicely rendered by Mrs. -H'Jjbett, was also w.cil .'received. Mr. Bramble .ag.iiii ap|.e.-',i-efl ' before -tiic audience, and favored them with a violin solo, 'The Last Roso of Summer' (Miss Gallagher accompanying bnthe piano), the sweet ' notes' of the violin .being heard to the greatest advantage. Miss ? Henwood was des-rvedly encored for her swiet and expressive singing of 'The Song that. Reached my Heart,' with which the iitst part closed. ...The piece, de ' resistance was a blood-curdling melodrama, ' The Eddystone Elf,' in two acts. The piece is founded on the superstitions and stories, that always prevail in. re gard to lonely spots, such, for instance, as that stupendous monument of the ingenuity of man — the .famed' Eddy- a one Lighthouse. ' If- (to .quote from the explanation of the plot) an old castle or ruined cloister be a congenial receptacle for ghosts, Eddystone light house, though not of hoar antiquity, is wellentitled, from itj locality, to this supernatural distinction. ? The author of tho piece has intr duced into the I ghthouse a demon of darkness, which, having frightened to de.ith two of its inhabitants, and scared uway the 'wits of sundry others, has brought i h« place into bad repute, th.it no pair of adven turers could be found f oHiardy enough to take charge of it. At ' length one (Richard Clifton) whom an imprudent marriage had reduced to beggary, oiFers his servic s; and another (Mark Traverson), ,who had quarrelled with the world, volunteers to be his com .panion.. Tho former, after a tender parting with his wife, commits himself to^th.e wind and waves ; the later falls out. .with his beautitul anu^undutiful daughter. Great is the surprise and consternation of Richard Clifton when lie fliscovQrsthat 'his coinp.ir.ion is his unforgiving father-in law. But they stop not'to exchange words, for a fear ful, storm arising, '? ach rushes to his post. in the midst of the tem,pest, a scream is heard, succeeded quickly by: others more frantic and iippalling. Suddenly rushes in a ghastly figuro, besmeared with gore, and bearing on its shoulder the murdered body of the elder keeper (Traverson), which it ilitigs with savage delight to tho horror stricken Richard, proclaiming itself the Fiend of Eddystone. The storm con tinues to rage with unabated fury, and three days elapse bofo'e a boat can reach the lighthouse. During that timo, famine had well nigh completed what terror begun ; and Richard Clif ton, emaciated and bewildered, has neither strength nor courage to hail the relief that is at hand. Certain jolly tars (Captain Brilliant, Metrical Mat, Harry Urapnell, and Jorry Jowl) accompanied by Mrs. Clifton in main attire, arrive with provisions and grog. After recovering, Richard relates how Traverson came by his fate: 'Pis too tough ;i .yarn for-nvnn Mff-ric»l Mat, who irisiats I hut tiie two hud quarrel led, with murder as the remit, and proceeds with his brother mates to report the tale at headquarters, leaving the husb.tnd in tbe custody of ?his wife. ' The demon again appears, ui id carries (.If tho lady to his submar ine villa under Eddystone, at the same time taking from her tho pistol with whi^h she « as to pr.-vont the escape of her husband, and wounding him. The ? sword combat with Metrical Mat. 1 he whole en'er ; Mat proclaims Clifton innocent,, and. points to the prostrate demon as the juurderer. The demon exclnitus (frantically), 'lam tho mur derer I My. hour is come, and thus I expatiate my crime !' The rendering of the piece lasted about an hour and a half. Mark Traverson was excel le.itly pourtrayed by Mr. E. Solomons ; Mr T. M. Denton being equally sue cessful in tho rliitwult' character of Clifton. Mrs. Clifton, represented by Mr., E.Sherwood, was a heavy and difficult part ; but ficvertlmless it was well taken, thoughof course.scavcely up to th.; ' divine Sara' standard of excel lence The make-up as a female caused much amusement Mr. A. Mnore's pourtroyal of the chief character of the piece, the Elf— stern, unfe ling, mys terious, the disturber of the peace of the occupants of the lighthouse — \v;is unique, and made a very favorable imprns:ion. The utt:iv was well-in keeping with his character nnd tho lonely surroundings r.f the; cave in which hf dwelt. The cave scene, as we, h.-jvo already said, was excellent, and snowed to great advantage' during the i swings and depreditipiis of thu. fiend. The murder scone, where the Elf carries in his victim(Trivers'on) covered with blood, upon his back, and. throws liiiii a th ? feet of the territind Olift'ohJ was well carried out. Mr. A. C. Asser made up « el! as H-.rry Gr.ip nell, ' and creditably ? sustained -his character. The same romar s apply to Mr. A Bermari as Captain Brilliant, an officer of tho Government/- One of the best — if not the b-st —play erl: parts of the evening, was that of Metrical Mat by Mr. S. Henwood,, sen. Al though extremely- heavy, 'it was sus tained to perfection. Always present, with his .plentiful stock of humorous sayings, witty rhymas, and by his off- handed manner, ho keeps his audience amused, nor do the most grave dangers and complications -appear: to disturb him. The mike-up, too. was well in keeping with the character. ' Peter Pa'rtle t.' the proprietor of tho Old Ram Inn in the vicinity, also a humorous character, insomuch as Pet^r is invariably in a state of intoxication, was made the most, of by Mr. A.' Riley, who has evidently b.-en on the stage before. Jerry Jowl (a sound boy), a somewha light part, was take.i by Mr. T. F Flanagan ; and Master Marks was unique as a servant. Con ' sider'-n^ this was tha club's first attempt,- the -performance throughout wns.very g'od, and thp audience, went, home well satisfied. ' '.'*'?? 