TEE GS0ST DIAB-EILL " . w . It is now many years since I waa quartered with my regiment in Vienna. Among the acquaintance which. I formed there wee a young nobleman who was in the ImperialGuard. the Baron Von Steingraff. He was the eole descendant of an ancient Styrian family that had lived for centuries in a castle near Salz burg. _A finer- hearted fellow could not be found in his Imperial Majesty's dominions, nor a better soldier in the army than Friedrich. Frank and gay as a companion, he was a favourite with his own sex, and a good figure, to say nothing of a good property, made him not unacceptable with old mammas and young daughters. Friedrioh, however, seemed to bono marrying man, though he had nothing misogyaistic in his nature. When our friendship had grown into close intimacy I happened to banter him on the subject of matrimony, butFriedrich assured me gravely that he had resolved never to marry. " Not," Baid he, "that I have any disinclina tion to the matrimonial state, but Fate, cruel and inexorable, has forbidden me to enter info it." I stared at him in silent surprise. After a moment he told me how, when a child, he had met a Ziegeunerinn, or gipsy woman, from Bohemia, as he crosBed a wood near the Schloss. She had stopped him, looked into his hand and said : " Young Herr, when you go to marry a wife, take lieed. The way to God's altar lies through God's acre !" " Well 1" cried I, laughing, " that was a safe prophecy. A man cannot well get to the church door unless he walks through, the church yard." Friedrich shook his head. " That was not her meaning," said he, " but rather that I, or she whom I shall wish to make my bride, must die Oil the bridal day. Therefore, dear friend, I shall never marry. You may think me super stitious and a fool, hut there have been stranger things known, to our family ! " He shivered and turned pale, but just as I would have questioned him, he laid his hand ou iny shoulder and added, " And now, Hauptmann, let us never speak of this again ! " A year passed by and I was far away in the north of Germany, when I got a letter from Von Steingraff. It announced his coming marriage with a young lady of his own country. ; "My destiny," he wrote, whatever it may be, I must work out. I could not resist my passion for my Little Roeschen. So come to me as soon as you can, and who knows but your happier interpretation of the gipsy's prophecy may be the true one r " I laughed heartily as I closed the letter. The , old story ! Woman's tongue had overcome man's resolve— pretty Eoeschcn had whipped the _ withered gipsy from the field ! And so saying, I packed for my journey and the morrow found me en route. At the close of a lovely autumn day I drove along the road between Salsburg and St Gilgea where it skirts the picturesque little lake of Mondsee, so snugly embosomed in precipitous hills clothed with pine and larch. Not far from this stood the Schloss of my friend, built close to the rains of a suppressed monastery, and sheltered by the dark forests on whose tree-tops the evening sun glintened warmly. Thither I worked my way — but slowly — for the approach was steep and circuitous, and by the " time I reached the entrance and stood under the heavy arches of the doorway the sun had set hud the great, stone mass of building was lying in the gloom. This gave me a strange, unpleasant feeling, wh\eh increased as I stood kuocking for many minutes at the heavy open portal without response from within. Was I, then, not expected ? And at hour? I shook off a sensation of nervousness and beat loudly on the panelling with my closed fist and with the heavy handle of my riding- Whip. There was the sound of the slipping of bolts on an inner door, and with a sense of relief I knew that at last my summons had been answered. Then the door opened and before me stood a person who looked more like a holzknechfc, or woodsman, of the district than the servitor of a well-ordered establishment such as I believed Friedrich' s to be. He carried a lamp in his hand and over it he regarded me suspiciously. I stated who I was, and desired him to conduct me to his master. To this he made no reply, but shaking his ill-looking head motioned me to follow. We crossed the great hall and entered a small chamber, where my strange guide deposited the light and left mo without a word. " A strange welcome," I muttered, " from a bridegroom to his best man," and then I looked about me. The room in which I stood alone was elegant ly and most comfortably furnished. There were cases well filled with books running along the walls, and above them racks holding curious weapons, many guns, spears and hunting gear. An escritoire of exquisite workmanship stood near the fireplace, but no cheerful fire glowed on the hearth, a few half -burned logs lay cold on the iron dogs, and again the strange feeling of gloom and nervousness settled upon me. Suddenly conscious of some other presence, I looked up from the cheerless hearth. An old servant man stood in the doorway. Bowing respectfully, lie entered the room, and iu a few words solved the mystery of my strange reception. On the very day his master had written me, he was prostrated with a serious illness, and he was now in the eighth day, struggling with the delirium of fever. The doctors of St. Gilgen declared the case to be hopeless, but were iu constant attendance. One had just left the young Baron and had said he would return, as the crisis would occur that very night. I need not say how this intelligence affected pie. I determined, of course, to await the issue and asked to be shown to Friedrieh's chamber. In a few moments I stood by the bed side of my dearest friend and looked down on a poor, shattered being, with flushed face, a burning lip and glazed eye, tossing and raving, Whose hand was unconscious of my loving pressure. I sat beside him for hours. From time to time I could distinguish words, through his mutterings, which told how the bewildered Spirit wrestled with horrible phantoms. With appalling incongruity he mingled scenes of the A>ndal chamber and the charnel vault, now call ing on his bride to wrap her grave-clothes Shout her, now bidding the sexton pledge him tn a akuli of wine. Terrible as all' this - was- to hear and painful to see, I determined 'to watch through the nighty pad the faithful old butler begged to remain also. Indeed, I felt so nervous aud distressed that I was glad of his company. The doctor was to return at midnight. AVhen It wanted but two hours of that time, Friedrioh —-who had gradually ceased his raving, fell into b lethargic slumber. I left the bedside and "went to sit by the fire. Old .Klaus threw on a fresh log and filled a glass with Hungarian Wine from a flask on fobte. I noticed that the old fellow's hand trembled and that his oyes were full of tears. I spoke a few words Of comfort and he sobbed aloud : /'Alas! Herr Hauptmann, my. mind mis gives me sadly I I fear, every moment, that I thft dismaI ringing of the Ghost Dead- At tius uncanny title, I shivered: " But wkatmavthat be ?" I asked anxiously. /i' What an old fool I am. I forget sometimes— but forgive it." a Klaus," said I, " what did you mean?" I bent toward me, his old face drawn with fear. "The bell that ringsout the life of emotion051 " said he, with suppressed ; I . suppose I looked both startled and interested, and the old servant, glad of svm- pathy and attention, continued in a hushed voice : " Mayhap you observed the monastery near the castle, sir. as you came up the drive ?" "Ay, Klaus, and a fine, old ruin it is, with its bell-tower still standing " A ram now, sir, bat it was ©nee a grand and holy place with its lord abbot, and monks, and broad, rich lands. Wefl, sir, a long tune fto — I don't know how many a hundred years— the Baron Steingraff of that day who lived then in the old Schloss higher up "in the hills above the Krotensee--had a quarrel with the abbot. The baron was a fierce and haughty man that cared little for church and priest, the abbot was as haughty in his way, bo the feud grew deadlier every day. At last the abbot swore on the holy relies of Saint Wolf gang that he would excommunicate this baron. And the baron swore by the cross upon his sword hilt that he would tear the frock off the abbot's back and drive him and his monks out of the monastery. The abbot was as good as his word, and so, on the feast of the blessed Saint Wolfgang, he and all his monkB walked in procession through the church up to the ; high altar aud the great book was opened and the- anathemas read, and then the bell was tolled aud the lighted caudles extinguished, and thus'the baron was excommunicated. / Well ! The bell was still tolling and the priests were on their way back down the aisle when the shouts of the boron and his wild men- at-arms, liis jagers and liolz- knechts rang at the walls, and sledges and great pine beam3 were battering at the gates. ' ' Short work they made of it: " One mad fellow seized a splinter of wood and lit it at the altar, and then he fired the panels and the roof, and the dry wood was all soon in a blaze. The baron, as if possessed by an evil spirit, seized the bell-rope and rung out a wild peal of triumph. But the abbot walked up to him, dressed mall his robes, and holding up his hands, cursed him in the name of the blessed Trinity, and said : " ' As the Evil One peals that bell now through vour hands, eo shall he peal it when he claims the soul as it passes from the body of you and of your son, and of your son's son, in sfecala, saeculorum. Amen !' " So saying, the abbot called his monks, and they went their way down to the Lake of Aver. But the baron and his followers threw themselves upon the holy men and tore the frocks from their backs and threw their books into the lake. The baron then seized the monastery lands, and held them, too, for might was right in those days, and he built the pre sent castle hard by the ruins of the monastery lest the abbot and his retainers should rally and seek to regain their old possessions. But they never did, for the abbot was not over- loved in the country, and the baron was too powerful to be lightly meddled with, so the monks built them a. new monastery, where the Church of Saint Wolfgang now stands. " Time passed on and the baron had well- nigh forgotten that abbot or monk had ever dwelt within the old blackened monastery walls. " One wild winter's night the baron sat with his retainers in the great hall, drinking and re veling, as was their wont. The wind howled in gusts fitfully, and in the pauses a loud knock ing was heard at the open door, the very door by which you entered this evening, Herr Haupt mann. The Thiirh iiter, when he opened me door, saw no one, though the moon was at that moment shining through the drift of the clouds, but he felt a cold blast sweep across his face. So he shut the door again, ana thought it must have been the storm that had deceived him. " The next moment those in the hall saw a monk in a black habit, with his cowl drawn closely over his head, enter and walk up with out a word to where the baron was sitting. Then.the monk drew back his hood, and an old withered face, ghastly pale, but stern and fierce, gazed, undaunted, on the baron. " ' Tausend sakernwnt !' shouted the baron, starting in rage ; < dog of anabhot, what brings you here ? Trundle out the shaveling, and set the hounds upon him. " The abbot raised his skinny arm, and said in a hollow and solemn voice: 'This night twenty years yGu and I met. J am on my way to the abbey. Follow me.' "The abbot retired as he came, no one dar ing to hinder or to harm the holy man. " ' Zum hehker ! to the hangman with him,' cried the baron, choking with rage, and spring ing after him. That moment the old bell pealed out with a wild clang from the tower. The baron in his haste tripped over a stool and fell to the ground. When they lifted him up he was dead. 'Twas said he died of a fit. Maybe so. - But that very night one of the holzknechts returning to the village from the Eiesen up in the hills where he had been working, declared that as he passed the tower he heard the old bell pealing, and saw a pro cession of monks following a bier, and dis appearing within the ruins. Next morning tidings came that the old abbot had died the day before at St. Wolfegong's, but where1 or when he was buried nobody ever knew. " Old Klaus ceased and sat looking in the fire. . " A strange, wild tale !" I said, lightly, un willing to confess myself moved by the story. \- "Has the Ghost- Bell ever been heard since that time?" Old Klaus shuddered, "Ay, sir," he answered, gloomily, "whenever the soul passes from the body of a Yon Steingraff, but I not willing to believe that the Evil One dare ' claim the spirit of my dear, young master'— one so good and noble as he!" and again the old servant fell to weeping. " Hush, Klaus, lest you disturb him," I said hastily, although a glance at my poor Friedrich well T>igh assured me that few sounds would disturb him more. Then I paced the room and ont into the hall and down the stairs, for I heard the sound of horses at the gates, and I knew the physician had come. .1 let him go up alone, while I eat for a few moments in the : little chamber I had been shown to on my arrival. I could not take my mind from the story of toe Ghost-Bell. lam not naturally credulous, but the shook I had received after the weariness of myjourney of several days ... had, I suppose, told upon my nerves. I stole up once more to the sick room. The physician sat at the foot of the bed. Friedrich seemed to be deeping quietly. I hoped this mightbe a good sign, but, to my Inquiry, the old physician . shook his head sadly : "'Tis the sleep that will wake only in death," he answered, sadly. "An hour will decide, ; but be prepared for the worst— I can give but ! little hope." Impelled by I know not what, I suddenly askea: " Doctor, what could have caused this sudden illness? My friend has had the most perfect health all his lif. He once told me he had never been ill. "What could have caused this fever?" "God alone can tell!" answered the phy sician piously. "The young baron was with me the day previous to his illness, and bade me gaily enough to dauce at bis wedding. I never saw him looking better. He was on horseback, and rode swiftly out of St. Gilgen, reining up his steed for an instant, to throw money to an old gipsy, who stood, her hand outstretched, by th8 road. Always kind," added the good doctor, "always noble! I have known him thus boy and man." And the usually cold man of science brushed his hand across his eves. I took the other hand in my own aud pressed it warmly. Then I went to the chamber below. Old Klaus crept after me. He seemed to cling | to me for sympathy. I sat down by the fire with a heavy heart." I pondered on the doctor's words. I found myself Wondering why I had put the question to him, and then I recalled, word" for word, his answer. A sadden thought shot through my brain. He had spoken of an old gipsy "who stood, with outstretched hand, by the roadside. Another scene rose before me. A fair-haired lad with his firm palm held frankly out — a withered, old face bent over it, and I seemed to hear the quavering voice mut tering the prophecy : "Young Herr, take heel to your wedding day ! The way to God's altar lies through God's acre 1" " Klaus !" I asked, sharply, " when was your master to have been married!" for Friedrich had mentioned no day in his letter — "We will tellr over everything, when you come," he wrote. " Adi, Mein Herr ? But to-morrow V ' I seem to turn cold all over. To think of other things I questioned Klaus concerning the young Boescnen, whose cup of happiness was so soon to.be dasnea from Her lips. 1 learned that she was lovely and amiable and deeply enamoured of her handsome lover. TTi« illness had been kept from her as long as possible, and though sne knew her marriage must be postponed, she dreamed, as yet, of no change. " Alas !" said Klaus, " should my lord not recover, I fear it will go hard with the sweet young lady, for she loves him more than life. Who knows but there may be two burials rather than one bridal !" " The way to God's altar lies thrpugh God's acre !,r Would the words ever cease ringing in my ears? I shook myself impatiently. A coinci dence — a sad coincidence — that was all ! And my grief had surely unsettled my mind. I picked up abook from one of the shelves and tried to read. The words swam on the page. Not a sound was to be heard save the ticking of the great clock in the hall. I laid down the book and sighed. Just then the clock told the midnight hour. The deep bell struck twelve times loud and clear, and mechanically I counted every stroke. Midnight! A sudden thought— the crisis ! Then my poor Friedrich might, even now, be passing the portal of Eternity! I was about to speak to Klaus when I dis covered that he slept, exhausted, on the hearth. " God forbid," I cried aloud in my fear. "Poor faithful soul!" thought I. "Rest there awhile— you may awake to deepest grief!" For I realised that he, like myself — juke Roeschen — must lose, with Friedrich, that which he best loved on earth. So I rose noiselessly, and passed sadly and alone into the great stone hall. A breath of cold air swept my cheek. It came from the end of the hall — down there, toward the outer doors. I was pierced through and through with its chill touch. Certainly, the outs doors must be open! Could Klaus, in his anxiety, have forgotten to dose them after the the doctor's entrance ? I peered through the vista of dimly lighted arches toward the entrance and moved a few steps in that direction. As I did so, I was sure I heard a muffled knocking at the ported. I listened intently and after a moment the sound was re- , peated and followed almost immediately by the slipping of a bolt. Still! saw no one, and I con cluded the sounds must come from some other part of the Schloss. I was about to turn and desist from investigation, when I again felt that icy blast sweep my face and throat. Thoroughly startled, Ingrained my eyes to see more clearly -befclw me, they became gradually accustomed to the semi-darkness, and I perceived the massive doors swing in ward on their gpreat iron hinges, to admit a tall, dark figure in hood and cloak. "A priest!" Ifhoiiflrbt. inxfruitlr : then the thought was succeeded by another, " Fried rich is not a Catholic ! Who has summoned him? The doctor, perhaps !" And then again : " Who has admitted him ?" I, myself, had seen this dark figure pass through doors bolted and barred ! I had heard his muffled knocking ! I saw him now before me, and yet of a certainty I knew that none had bade him enter, nor had any hand uuclosed the gates to give him entrance ! Smitten with a nameless fear I stood, or rather leaned, against one of the stone pillars for support. The dark figure now moved toward me down the hall. Nearer — nearer it came, and I saw that I was right — it was the figure of a priest. As he passed close beside me ins c.owl fell back and revealed an old, wrinkled, ashy face in which were set two gleaming eyes — black and evil. He looked not to the rijmt nor the left, but as he passed up the wide stair, he raised one thin, white hand above his head, and the dark sleeve fell back and showed the skinny, withered arm bare to the elbow. I stood frozen with terror to the spot — I know not for how long— when a harsh sound smote "upon my ear. It was followed by a shrill scream, and old Klaus rushed from the room and threw himself at my feet. " God have mercy upon us !" he shrieked, almost crazed with fright — "the Ghost Bell !" Again came the harsh sound — the clanging of the iron bell! It smote cruelly upon my shattered senses — wild, fitful, irregular — and, God forgive me ! not as human hand could have rung it ! I flew up the stairs — Klaus close behind me. In a moment I was in the Baron's chamber. The physician laid his cold hand on mine — I saw the truth written in his face — " It is over,' ' ha said. "He is dead." — Dublin University Magazine. 