A GHOST STORY. By Mary Kyle Dallas. One morning Arthur Heywood received a strango' letter It was from his maiden, aunt, Miss Maud Heywood. ?' Gome at once,' it said. 'Ism going to die, and I want to loave yon my property. It seeraB right to see yon first.' Arthur bad never met his Aunt Maud, who lived by herself in a handsome country residence. She had inherited it from her mother, while the boys — her brothers — were obliged to make their own fortunes. Arthur's fptber bad been the eldest, and all he had ever said of bis sister Maud was tbat some thing sbe bad done in early youth had made them all angry, and that they never sow each other, and, for his part, ho never desired to do so. And now, when Arthur Heywood was quite alone in the world, this atint had written to him. He expected to find a witeh-like old woman lying in her bed. Instead, when a strange, old, black servant-woman bad opened the door, he was ushered into a room where a beautiful woman, who, in the light of the shaded lamps, scarcely looked old at all, sat in a velvet chair, and held cut her hand to him. -? '? You are a Heywood,' she said. ' You resemble your father, but are not so stern. Selim was stern to cruelty. Andyourmotber is gone, too. Well, Bho must have had a hard life of it, unless he waB kinder to her than to his sister. ' There, don't speak. I shalPsay nothing but what I feel. This eBtate ought to go to a Heywood. You Bhall have it. I think you will have to wait a few months. Aly heart is affected. I shall die vory suddenly. At present 1 am not very ill, but it will be as I say. ' Don't express regret. Yon care nothing for me, and the estate is valuable, and, above al), 1 hate hypocrisy, I have made my will in your favor. Stay until the last.' With these words she closed Arthur's mouth. Then she rang the bell and ordered supper, and afterwards dismissed her thirty - year-old nephew to his room, at nineo'clock, as though he bad been n school-boy. It was a large roum at the end of a long passage, very handsomely furnished, but at the same time very gloomy. Arthur felt curiously uncomfortable as he paced the long floor, nnd despite the early hour, resolved to go to bed at once. A night lamp stood upon the mantel-pieee ; he lit it before he retired. The excuse he made to hiraBelf was that liis aunt might be taksn ill in the night; but he was conscious of a Jt-ir-ir-'ij. ofUro-vllU C lili CI l.ti- t Prior Of tllC supernatural. 'It is nil this talk of dying and of wit. and legacies,' he said. 'I shall sleep it off.' And, in fact, befell asleep very shortly. And without being disturbed by so much as a dream until midnight, at which hour, the proper one, as we all know, for the ghost seer, he was awakened with a start, to see at the foot of bis bed a little dnrk woman with fierce, bright eyes, who wore a curious sort of white cap on her head, and a dress of some grey stuff, over which was tied a white apron. She seemed to be a nurse or a ser vant of some sort, nnd it was Arthur's im nre88ion that his aunt was ill. ' Have you come to cnll me ?' he asked. Tho woman came a little nearer. ' Yes,' replied a voice, which mode his blood run cold ; ' that woman is dying.' ?'My aunt?' ejaculated Arthur. ?'Your aunt,' replied the figure. 'If somo ono doesn't set to work at ' once she'll die without being hung. I want her hung.' ' This is a lunatic.' thought Arthur. He started to his feet, draping himself in a blanket, ready to do what seemed best under the circumstances, but tho womnn was gone. ?Ho went to the door. It was fastened as he had left it on retiring. The windows wero bolted down. Thero was no possibility of any one entering the room. Searching it thoroughly, ho made sure that no one was hidden there, resolved that he hod had a bad dream, and composed himself to sloep again, wondering why imagination Bhould play such freaks on him. However, this dream, if dream it were, was repeated three times. Each time the strange, dark woman expressed her desire to see Maud Heywood hung, nnd declared that if it were not dene it would soon bo too late. Jlia mint was not a woman to whom to repeat such a dream, even had sho been in strong health. There wae no one else to speak to. Hut the thing seemed so ounons that Arthur made a record of it in a sort of diary lie was in the linbit of keeping, following it by some reflections upon dreams. At last, however, lie was awakened not by a ghost, but by a rap on his door. Hisaunt was dving — a servant had come for lum. When he reached her room she was in scnsiblo. She never spoko to In in again. lie. could not mourn her loss, for she vrus almost n Btrnnger to him, but ho Bhowcd every mark of respect possible to her memory. The funeral was largely attended, rather from curiosity than any other feeling, for Mies Heywood had entertained no one, nnd visited no one. in the neighborhood ; nnd in due course oi time, the will was read. Is' left everything to Arthur Jlcvwood, only son of her deceased brother, Selim Heywood. and with hut one proviso: The garret should remain hb it was, fastened by bolt nnd look and bnr — never to he opened on any pretext whatever. 'I do not choose to say why, wrote thctestntor. 'Unless my nephew will agree to this, he canncit inherit. I shall leave a codicil to be rend, in case that he refuses, directing the disposition to be made of the house.' But Arthur l ad no hesitation in agreeing to this whim of his dead aunt, who, doubt, less, had consigned to the garret some treasures of her youth which she did not wish to destroy. And he took possession of the estate, and soon married and brought home a wife, Years brought them a family, and still the garret remained closed. A garret is a great loss to a housekeeper ; but whenever Mrs. Heywood made tins remark, hor bus. band would reply that ' tho estate would be a greater one.-' 'Who will ever know?' she would urge. ' Who cares ?' ?'A conieil which I have never seen re mains,' Arthur would reply. ' Who knows what might happen?' And so his Fatiraa did no more than peep through the keyhole of this Bluebeard s chamber. The mystery was greater, however, to the children ; and when tho eldest boy wns ten ycara old it had occurred to him that no. thing could bo so delightful as to peon into that garret, in which might be hidden all sorts of wonderful treasures. And so one day, by meanB of a ladder some fruit-pickers had left near the house, he gained the sloping roof, and reached the dormer window, l'erchcd on the sill, lie peeped in ; but at the moment tbe ladder slipped. He remained on tbe window ledge, screaming for help, and the fruit-pickers, hearing lum, ran to Ins assistance. However, though tbe child bad crept up the sloping roof, the men could not reach him, and knowing Dothieg of the taboo which forbade tbe opening of tne garret door, one of them bade the child re main where ho wob until he came, and rushed up the staircase, followed by all the household. The door wqb soon broken in, tho window opened, tho child rescued. And then tbe woman, who unlil now had forgotten all but her boy's danger, took breath and looked about her. The garret was a bare place, hung with old garments and Hmelling hideously. In one dark corner lay what looked like a bed. Upon It, what? To approach, to gaze, and to rusu wildly from the room was the work of a moment, . It was a skeleton dressed in a grey gown, and with a cap upon its head, still covered with long black hair, tbat lay there. Arthur Heywood was absent from home at the time. When be returned he found the 1 mg-sejed garret door opened, heard. his wife's siory amidst her sobs of terror and proceeded to the spot. There he stood, transfixed with horror and astonishment. The skeleton upon tbe bed wore the grey dress, tbe white cap, and had the straight black hair of tbe woman who liad nppeared to him thrice in a vision, demanding the execution of his nunt, Maud Heywood. Whatever this meant, the discovery had been a public one, and so must the explana tion be. Arthur Bent for the proper authorities, and also for the lawyer in whose possession was a codicil of the will which had given Arthur possession of the estate. This codicil bad been enveloped and sealed by Miss Maud, who alone knew the contents. It contained these woids : 'This paper will only be opened if tbe garret is opened ulso. In that case my secret will be known to those who are of my own age, for there was much excitement when Jane Jarvelle disappeared. She wae well-known in the neighborhood, and but for letters which I wrote myself and ex hibited to ourious folk, tho truth might havo been suspected at tho time. 'Jane came to live with me as house keeper when I was but twenty, thirty years ago. I w°s betrothed to a man I adored. My brother Bupert bated him. He placed Jane Jarvelle in my bouse as a spy. She intercepted letters and worked in such a way that my engagement was broken off and my lifo embittered. My lover left me with soorn, believing a false tale, and married another. One day I disco. ered Jane Jar velle's treachery. I went in search of her. i found, her in the garret. There we had a scene, and there I mnrdered her. I stabbed her to tne heart. She lived only longenough to shriek : ' 'I will haunt the house until you are hung for thiB I' ' She has done it. I have Been her. But I shall not he buDg. The secret is all my own. I locked the garret, dismissed my servants in a body, and gathered new ones about me. I told people tbat Jane bad been dismissed for dishonesty. I did not lie. ' My brother, Rupert, cross-questioned me, and made great search for Jane Jarvelle ; the others were never good to me. OurB was an unkindly race ; but Selim, though stern, was a just man. To his only son I have left all. Let him pitv me. '? Driven by desperation to an awful crime, haunteu'-y the ghost of my victim, never at rest, never a- .pursued for ever by dread of a horrible death on to:.yal!owe,and assured of future punishment, what'u.r.mv life been ? Again I Bay — pity mo, and pray for me.' 