The Chatterer. LUNATICS. You may have noticed that the Govern ment arc taking the initial steps in pro viding increased accommodation for tyna tics, and that they have been 'W treaty for the purchase of a piece of' land in Goul burn on which to erect a kind of. secondary, asylum,. What does it mean ? Are the numbers of insane patients ' increasing more , rapidly than in the past, or do the authorities think that country air will ho more suitable for- the confinees than- the air surrounding the Metropolis ? Or can it be that 'the Government are desirous of making provision for the proper accom modation of certain members of the Opposition in whom they see signs of mental disturbance, and whose equilibrium is sure to be upset when they see all their hopes of sneaking in protection have been shattered ? I am inclined to think that the increased accommodation is demanded by the natural increase in the number of patients, and that neither protection nor freetrade have anything to do with it. But it is rather a sad reflection that in this grand country there should be so many lunatics.': ' In ! Victoria^as' 'in ' New' South Wales, their number, .i&.altogether, disproportionate to the population,' and in my opinion ' fast ' living, of one kind or another, may be set dowri'as 'the primary cause. ? Pity, isn^t it, that some* tHih'g'couldiriotJ6e'done tt'o' make'men iand. women go slower, 'live j more' temperately,' andi'altbgtli«!ritak-S life easier.- Drink' a'nd worry, worrj' and drink — these are chiefly the things that shake the brain pah' -ana muddle its contents,^ and the .man who can prevent Hi'sffello-vs' vfromj plunging'! in either of these directions will do more to prevent lunacy than many doctors. -But. here we have the fact — increased accom modation, is ¥rec]uiredT for. patients, , and, clogeti-following' it 'a^nSther fatl ff^tjiej Goveratneht have not 'been 'able ' yet to find in Goulburn a suitable spot for the erection required. Why do they not {urn to, Bathurst? ,A large,c&; tablishmeni vof-thatl kind) nvould ndtibe' any burde'n'updnu-He' people1;1' 'certainly* not a source of danger to them ; the patients in it would have all theoudvan-' tages of a salubrious climate ; while the Government iwouldj' not bey under y the' necessity of ( making a larg£ outlay /for' land upon which' to build. One of the' outer parks could be handed over for the j purpose by the Council,— -say' the1 'park adjoining the Hospital, or that on the! hill at the top of Lambert street '(I1 'forget' their names), either of which would answer the purpose admirably. l~can'see~ more than one benefit that might.be de- - rived from a' well 'conducted ' Stile-sup-'* ported establishment in,, Bat hurst,.,, and , tradesmen will not require that I should enumerate. Well, then,1 'is' it too' late to' approach the Government on the sub ject ? ? Let the Council, or the~Progress : Committee, or both, consider the . matter, ,' and assist the Government out 'of ' the'! difficulty which they appear to be in by suggesting that Bathurst is a[suitable -I place and possesses a suitable site which can be obtained without any expenditure of public money. Some persons may . think that I am a lunatic to mak the sug-.,. gestion, but rnakeit.I do, nevertheless. \ A GHOST. -Hi 1 Twas in the youngest hours of the new year, and 'the'-; noise ^ of the' new year' roysterers-Ws'dyihg1|-out from' the'street:T A citizen, sedate if not sad, was wending his way towards his lodgings,' having been ' spending his holidays' in some remote corner during the declining hours of the old year, when. he .was suddenly,, startled into marvellous activity by the appearance in the street of a form clothed in ghostly liabilainents,' if not itself ghostly, and whiUli appeared to hit aatomthed gaze to be making advances direct towartls-him. He dare not challenge, he could not cry, ,- and help there was none^at hand ; s:but, »; notwithstanding his holiday exertion's,1' he * still retained the use of his legs, and , strong in the conviction that flight was the best course open to him, he ' flitted,' gaining courage and speed as he went/ until he, breathless and exhausted, \ reached the hostejrie where he knew safe shelter ^vaited him. So scared was he, ; and so intent upon reaching a^ place of . safety, that he nearly ran over tw'o home-,! seeking friends who also had been keeping j holiday, but in th6 opposite direction, and did not see or-hear them as they stood and ^called.- -These'-- friends wefe«~ ? somewhat started at first, but remembering that their flying acquaintance was connected with i the press, tbey imagined that hemust either , .be working up a sensation, or hurrying over some sensation already worked up, -they resumed their journey homeward. ' But the mystery was explained when they reached the spot (at the corner, of Ranken and Russell Street, it.was) where the ghost had appeare'd^and themselves caught sight ol the apparition. They were less sedate, less sad, perhaps less sober, than the affrighted pressman, and therefore less alarmed''™, Approaching^. the ghost they found''that ' ithad^ahead like' a man, legs and arms like a man, that it walked and talked' like' a man; and that it was in reality a .man. He had been in bed, and being one of those conservative mortals .who prefer the long night-shirt to the more modern pajama, was loosely draped in white from top to toe. Some of the roy sterers of New . Year's Eye had been removing the gates from his yard or the signboard from 'his 'shop, and he had hurriedly left his bed for the street to learn 'what the matter was.' Night-clothes and not grave-clothes had caused the pressman's fright ; but how was even a pressman to know the difference under such circumstances ? The wf « ftudittk aaUMBtnta, aad the »impl« Uugheth .. inhliitaalw. .-.,,, ?-, s- __,'?: ? \- - ItllTIM F. TOPPKII. ' ' ' For'ttie caiiao tliut Uclu uaUuiice ; ' For tkt wronf that needs mixUm* ; . For thi future in the dl»tanc« . ? . -. Ant the torn! th«t I on do. 