| . STORIES FROM THE BUSH. jto. i.-xnu ro:.-\r> Mim:::. By Wattle-Blossom. . We were .staying: at ono oi liio mo?L pic turesque watering-places in this colony, and \vbilo on nn excursion to one of the nuraoroua lions of the locality, “foregathered” with two mirvoyors who had first seen tho place in its primitive state, aud who had, in fact, helpod to survey- it3 not yet very well developed roads. i In tho ovening wo strolled out on tho pier ! at that fittest of all times “ 'J. wixfc tho gleam - : ing and tho murk.” while tno sea sliono palo I and mysterious beneath us. It had been a ! roasting hot day ; but now, with the brecco 1 oli’tho sea and tho damp briny feel (-which, for want ot a hotter name, I call sea-dew), | wo felt chillv enough. Suddenly Surveyor j No. 1 said, 4‘'Tins seaweed smell is sugg«s I tivo of ghosts.” 44 Why r” asked somcouc. I “Well,” he said, “ it*s well known that ghosts aro generally a compound of water— salt water by prcforenco—and dead bodies.” “But thoro aro no dead bodies about, aro there hastily inquired a lady. “ Not that I know of,” said tho surveyor, cheerfully, “but let's tako a seat and I will spin you a yarn which illustrates the theory.” Wo sat down, and ho told us a story, tho details of which X’vo quite forgotten, oxccpt that it had something to do with a church yard by tho pea, and was suflieioutly impres sive at tho time, besides proving Ilia theory to his own satisfaction. But onco starL so fascinating a subject with Rwroundingaao in:accord, uuditwillnotlunguisn, but acquire momentum ns far as it goes on, like tho stouo rolled from tho hill. “I know a true* story,” said ono of the ladies, “ which had some connection with relations of my own.” “ That is a sufficient guarantee,” said one of her companions in a peculiar tone, while another remarked, “ Fx cuso my smiling.” But tho lady, being en couraged to procoq.il, began—“Many voara ago my uncle and aunt spent a winter in tho south of France. Tho railways were not so numerous or well managed as thoy aro now, and tho most popular way of getting to and from England was by sea. Well, I daresay you have nil heard of the wreck of tho Garoimo. Sho was crowded with passen gers going homo for the summer. Myunclehad taken a cabin, but being a very kind-hearted mau gave it up at tho last moment to an old gentleman whoso lifo was despaired of, and whoso only wish was to reach home to die. This small act of kindness saved tho lives of my relations. Among tlio passengers was a delicate girl, tho daughter of a widow, who hud been sent abroad for her health. Her motlior iu England, knowing sho was with friends, and also bclioviug that mjj undo and aunt wore on bonrd, felt no anxiety about her, but was lookiug forward eagerly to her return. *0n tho night of the wreck sho wna a wakened by a sudden light in hor room, uud, looking up, sho saw her daughter, clothed, iu white, standing beforo hor. “Mother,” sho said, *4 tho ship is a wreck, cvci ytlung is lor>t, and I havo saved only this.” touching her robe. “What is it?” asked her mother fcobljr. “It is tho robo of Christ’s rigliteousnoss,” said tho girl; and gently tho vision.faded ftwaj”, leaving tho mother alono with her grief. Next day, when their old clergyman and family friend came iu great distress to break tho news, tho widow said, *‘ I know it all, but in tlio midst of my sorrow I havo tho unspeakable "comfort of knowing- that mv daughter is 4 not dead but gotio before.’ ” There was a pause. It had grown darker, and some of us were shivering slightly, wheu Surveyor No. 2 (I have to number them, for though they werepleasauteompauious.Ilmvo completely forgotten their names) knocked the ashes out of his unromnntiepipe, and said, quietly, 411 will tell you what I once saw in Queensland.” “We were camped fur, very far, out in tho bush, scores of milos from the nearest out stations. Ono night, as wo sat rather late over tho camp fire, we were startled by tho clatter of a horso’s hoofs in the distance, as it woro galloping madly. It camo nearer, and a sudden sort, of fear got hold of ufi. Wo jumped up, and tried to scatter thoembors of our tiro, hut wo woro too late, and in nnotbor momout a horso galloped into the circlo, and stopped short. Thoro was a rider on hia back; but why was ho bending so low, as if in ironical salutation / And why was his face of so strango a hue? Dead! Tea, stone dead. It was a corpso that sut that horse, and its mystery was never solved; for. though after decently burying him, wc made many inquiries, neither at a station, town ship, nor bush shanty did we oyer hear of missing man and horse answering to tho description of thoso two who took that ghastly rido together.” ^ M After a while “ That is not a ghost story, said Surveyor No. 1. ** It's a true story,re torted tho other. But we were oil shuddonug. Tho “murk” lmd taken tho place of tho “gloaming,” and with one accord wo turned our bucks on tho sea, ami went in to the music and lights. 