The Adbertiser WEDNESDAY, MAY 21, 1890. MRS CAMPBELL, the plaintiff in the will case just decided, probably recognises by this time the truth of the homely proverb that a bird in the hand is worth two in few wteks before tier death, ni at the suggestion of her legal adviser, Mr. j Stock, drawn op by an Independent lawyer, Mr. Ficholaon, and attested by • an independent medical man, Or. Henry, who was perfectly satisfied aa to her mental competency. Of the two grounds on which the will was disputed the first—that Miss Marphy was Insane when It was nude— was uare eervedly withdrawn. The testimony thai her mind was clear after recovering in Dr. j G'Connell'a hcuae from the effects of her droxken spree was absolutely overwhelm ing. Thus the case was narrowed down to the single question whether undue In. fluence was u«d. In Moss v. Somner cridoe influence wa? defined as coercion. The exercise of persuasive influence is not Btflicltut to defeat a will, but on the other band coercion may be eomethiog less than actual force. Any Ji.tlaence brought to bear upon an invalid to itdace him to alter l.ia oku lutebtiuca as to the destination of Llb pTopern- after ceaih, if the patient enccnnibs to it for the cake of peace and quietness, amounts to coercion in testa mentary law. The essential point Is that the will thoold represent the Intentions of the testator—if it does this, It Is valid. In a recent English case the law has been similarly Btated, and the Chief Justice sub stantially reaffirmed the doctrine. Undue iLi] nee cc amounting to legal coercion, or even perauatlon which If legally admis sible -would be morally discreditable, did not exltt In the case of Campbell v. OCouDcli. There cannot be a doubt frcm the evidence tbat both Mrs, Young and MUs Murphy fully Intended the ex clusion of their cousin from benefit and the inheritance of their property by the O'Connc-lls. The least suspicion that Miss Murphy's residence in the house of Dr. O'CoiiDfcll enabled the defendant to work upon her feelings for his own personal In terest was averted by the evidence adduced that the testatrix, In the fall pos session of her mental powers, chose him deliberately as her heir, and with full knowledge of the claims of the plaintiff founded on her relationship. Mrs. Camp bell herself had access to the 'deceased Mlbb Murphy received what visitors she pleased, and mi-ber her cedlcal atten dant*, her legal advisers, nor the minis* ters of her church who saw her In her last Ulte?s detected the slightest sign that she was under tbe thraldom of improper in fluence. All the positive testimony was lrdccd of an exactly opposite character. The bequest of Miss Murphy's property to Dr. G'Connell was clearly dictated by a sentiment of gratitude for kindness re ceived, and a feeling that In thus disposing of the estate the was expressing the last Intentions of the sister who predeceased her. There are cases In which, as In Moss v. Somner, testamentary dispositions, by the cruelty with which they lguqre the claims cf near relations, shock the csm uclence of the public It may seem hard tbat strangers, however justly esteemed, should be preferred to a blood relation, however distant; but obviously there is no sort of parallel between a will ucder which a onsln cordially de tisted receives no benefit aud another which disinherits sons and daughters in favor of a designing adventuress. There cases admit of comparison only in so far as the same legal question was involved In both, and in the two the law as to what constitutes undue influence on the mind of a testator was con sistently Interpreted by the courts, tee bosh. Cross examined by Sir John Duwrer sbe told the court that It would have been better had Dr. O'Oonnell given her £1,000 Instead of £100 oat of the property Miss Murphy left htm. The fair inference is that the will would never have been challenged bad the bene'actlon to the disinherited cousin been more accordant with her own Ideaa of the doctor's doty in the circumstances. Nevertheless It would have been better for Mrs. Campbell herself had ahe kept her £100 Instead of expending It for the sole benefit of the lawyers. There never was the ghost of a chance from the start that the will could be successfully dis puted . The cue differs from the memo rable trial of Moss v. Somner In Victoria In the fact, amongst otter things, that It came before a jadge without a jary. In Moss v. Somner th? jary upset a will which they felt to be opposed to the principles of natural justice without troubllngtliem?elves toattend to the techni cal directions of the judge. No jury, how ever, could have rendered a verdict different from that pronounced by the Chief Justice yesterday, whether they had In view merely the equities of the | caee, or considered them In proper re lattontothelaw. However unsatisfactory to Mra. Campbell may be the result of her 111-advised and expensive lawsuit, Dr. O'Connellcanhardly regret that he was pat In the position of defending himself against her nnwarrantable claims. The judgment confirms him in his rights nnder the will of the person he befriended, and at the same time the evidence clears his reputa tion for ever from any possible aspersion. Morally, as well as legally be etaada j clearly justified. The Imputation that he took advantage of his professional position to Influence a- patient In his favor when disposing of her property, to the grievous wrong of her only remaining relative, has been triumphantly refuted, and npon his ' personal honor there rests no shadow of a stein. The testatrix, Miss Murphy, was a Bhrewd but nneducated old woman, un happily of Intemperate habits. For yean she lived principally at Goolwa with her sister Mrs. Young, who was' similarly ad dicted to drink. The sisters when in Adelaide were accustomed to stay at the House of Mercy, a Roman Catholic insti tution, where they were kindly treated. In 1565 Mrs. Young made a will bequeath ing the bulk of her property to the Chnrcb. She and Mlsa Murphy, however, behaved so indecorously on several occasions when Buffering from the effects of liquor that the shelter afforded by the House of Mercy was eventually withdrawn. In resentment at this action the slaters mutnally resolved that the Church should' receive no benefit at their death, and they executed wills In favor of each other. The plaintiff, a cousin, came to live with them In 1888 after the death of her own husband, bub the throe women did not get on happily together. Their quarrels were frequent ard violent, and tan. Cimpbell became the object of such antipathy that even her relationship to the two other women was repudiated. On numerous occasions they declared that she would receive nothing when they died, and the appeals of the Roman Catholic Archbishop that some provision should be made for her as a poor relation were ignored. The acquaintance with the O'Connells was of long standing. Mrs. O'Oonnell was, for a sentimental reason connected with tier engagement when Miss Pearson to a son of A!ra. Young who died before he came of see. ihe obj?ct of tpecUl tegiid. Ui der Mrs. Young's will In 1885 a bojupst vas made to the O'Connelle, e«u at Goolwa ehe afterwards told a neighbor that everything would go to them at her death. However, upon her decease In October last her sister inherited nnder the second will. The sad event was succeeded by a drunken bout In which Miss Murphy sought comfort for her affliction. Temporary Insanity super vened, and on October 10 Dr. O'Oonnell took charge of her nnder a magistrate's order. On the 23rd her return to reason was certified by Dr. Paterson. Sobeequent to tils date, Miss Murphy made two wills, both leaving her property, valued at about £8,000, to Dr. O'Connell. The first was prepared by the defendant at her request, but the second, executed en November 9, a The question of the conveyance of chilled meat by rail from the country districts to the metropolis Is attracting much atten tion In Victoria at the present time. We Bay " question" advisedly, because the means of refrigerating most suitable for DBe on the Australian railways in the carriage of both dead meat and other perishable produce has yet to be ascer tained. That the system can be effec tively carried ont does not admit of doubt at all, since It has been tried with success both In New South Wales and Victoria and In America the substitution of country killed meat for metropolitan Is now the general rule. It Is almost superfluous to enumerate the reasons why the killing of animals, In the neighborhood of their pas tures is preferable to their slaughter In towns. One of the strongest arguments In favor of the new plan la the avoidance of bruising In the railway tracks that la varlably attends the carriage of living animals, and of the fevered state of the blood and general deterioration of the meat which result from driving the cattle long distances from their pastures. From a sanitary standpoint It Is veil that slaughtering operations should be removed from thickly populated neighborhoods where, In spite of schemes such as are now beirs; discussed In Melbouras for the scientific disposal of offJ, their existence must always be more or lees objectionable. The carriage of chllltd meat by rail having been proved feasible, the only question remaining for solution Is one of choice among some half a dozen methods. The Queensland Border Railway Com mission from South Australia has lately made enquiries In the other colonies, and a majority of Its members are stated to be moat favorably impressed with the Hudson car, which ran a trial trip to Bonrke In the severest part of last summer. Generally speaking, there Is considered to be little room for choice between the \Mcks, Hudson, and Howlln. cars. The Melbourne Arms has recently published an excel ent description of all three and o c other rival systems; and to slightly vary the phrase of Sir Roger de Coverley, who saw in every question "a good deal to be said on both sides," every system appears to have so much to be said for it that the labor of arriving at a decision can be no trivial one. What Is common to most of the competing methods Is the adoption of j Ice as the cooling medium, and this presents a difficulty at the outset. In England, America, and other countries where snotr whitens the ground during the winter, the difficulty of obtalnlog Ice could never at any time of the year arise. Blocks of natural ice are simply hewed out In the winter and stored away for summer use. The cost of artificial Ice must be con sidered In adopting In Australia any scheme of chilled railway cars, and this detail appears not to have escaped the attention of the South Australian Com missioners. The utilisation of lee at all has not, It should be observed, been proved Inevi table. We are told that the commis sioners from this colony were greatly Im pressed by a feature of the Ipswich car, a Queensland Invention by which the car Is kept continually cool by a fan worked by a small outer windmill, which rotates with the ah caused by the motion of a train. With the stoppage of the train the mill of course would cease to rotate, and If the stoppage occurred, for any length of tirte the temperature of the car wonld be lowered «ad the meat spoilt. This is an objection which hai yet to ba overcome. Again, It hu been suggested tbat seaweed being a non-conductor of heat should be used as a kind of lining t? the rail tray can, jcut as In some of the hottest parts of toe Continent It la em ployed as a lining for houses. The answer Is that for the purpose In view seaweed has not been given anythlog Ilka a systematic trial The Bell Colemvj- Haelam cold-air machine is extensively used In the cool chambers o! ocean going steamships, and tt appears fr-jai experiments made last year In Sydney CBn be fitted with equal ease to a r*iiw*y car. Its coet, however, In thi* new %pp'i' cation has yet to be settled, aud ai^*.« whlle the Eew Soath Wales Govern men-. are encouraging experiments by pri**:* firms, though no assistance la reuiersd ity the State beyond the provision <A vi i-.:v d power. In Victoria the question h*? ticca settled for the time by the adoption of -a* Wicks patent, brought from America b/ Mr. Speight. On the long Amarlcia lines ice with a mixture of salt U used, and Mr. Speight Is fally persuaded that eventually the Victorian rail way authorities will be able to manufacture artificial Ice at ao lor a coat that the matter of economising Ice will become quite a minor point. Hd regards the Wicks patent as at all events the beet of the American Inventions. In this car the Ice, of which a ton Is reg aired for each, Is contained In fonr iron baskets, two being placed at each end, half ir*y be tween the floor and the roof. Toe really Important feature of the Wicks " basket" la that the drip from the ice " instead of falling at once to the floor of the car and being, as far as Its cooling effect la con cerned, lost, Is caught on an arrangement of wires running across the cir, act at such an angle that the drip runs •long the wire from one end tD the other, and always on a gentle slope until a floor tank Is reached, whence there la at one end an outlet pipe." The wall of the truck Is six Inches thick, and In addition to the wood #rark of which It Is composed *' contains a spice with cool air In motion," which Is claimed to be the beat of all systems of insulation. The cars are 35 feet long, and In a.meri:i where they are used only for fr^en meat no divisions are required, the trucks being loaded at the starting point and not ag«ta opened till the journey terminates. In Victoria, however, refrigerating cars, at all events ao far, have been wanted mainly for the carriage of dairy produce. If therefore these long can are opened at every roadside station where dairy produce has to be taken In the re sult must be to raise the temperature un duly. To partition the tracks would ba to reduce their carrying capacity and their value for the carriage of carcases. The authorities have resolved to make a trial of the cars as they are, and to divide them afterwards If. required. The Howlln car, whose patentees com plain that It has received too little notice from the Victorian railway authorities, diners from the Wicks car in the method of utilising the "drip" of Ice water. Instead of occupying the entire eni apace of the track the "ice btskete" In the Howlin car are placed one in the app« half of each corner, and Instead of belcz cnght on vires stretched beneath the basket the drip In the Howlin cir U " carried to a tank of peculiar construction fitted at each end of the car. This tank measures 4 feet C Inches by 3 feet <\ Inches, with a depth of only 1& iajh-?, and Is placed a couple of inches ou;, fr <m the wall. Owing to the water tasHe belrg almost at freezing point, and to th? fact that a current of air can play on It from all s(des, the tans: is almo3t as good for fret z!cg purposes as a block of ice of «jual dlmenelons- Attached to the tank are overflow and outlet pipes, so fitted that air cannot penetrate into the Interior of the car. Beneath the vessels Into which the drip falls from the Ice taikj some folds of flannel are tightly stretched, which prevent the air coming In contact with the outer face of the zinc, aud by condensation causing a drip upon the meat or goods hanging underneath. It is claimed therefore that meat may be as safely stored underneath the lsa tanks as in the centre of the track." Tae Hudson car, though allowed a patent, presents bo few points of difference from the Howlln truck that the proprietors of the latter threaten litigation for breach of their patent rights. The question of cost in all these cases must be taken into con sideration, for consumers wilT scarcely tolerate any undue Increase In the prise of meat, even though on the whole Its quality may be Improved. Mr. Spe'ght believes tbat when the problem of Ice manufacture for the refrigerating cars is effectually and cheaply answered the co?t of freight need not be more on the carcass than on the live animal. He has' definitely promised that refrigerating cars for the conveyance of country-killed meat to the metropolis shall be ready on the Victorian lines by the coming summer. The Conntem of Kintore'a "at home" at Government House on Tuesday evening was attended fey about 600 ladies and gentlemen. The <*at home" luted about an faonr and a half, and enabled those present to past a very enjoyable time and to indulge in tint amaU talk which ia ao charaoteristio of gatherings of thia description. The guests were chosen from all eectioM of one colonists, the pslitioal. legal, military, naval, and commercial, world being well represented. The Polise Brad performed a choice selection o! mmio in the conEetvatoryj and refreshments were pro vided in the dining-rooms. Some very choice oo?tumes were noticeable, those adopted by scverol debutantes being especially noteworthy. A second " at borne" will be held next week. In answer to a telegram sent by the Eirl of Kintore sympathising with Sir Henry P*rkes in bis rmcfortnne his Excellency h?? received the following reply:—" Kaeeived yonr telegram. Many thanks for yoar kind enqmrie*. Frogresaing fairly well.—Hexar Paekes." H M.S. Opal tailed from Port Adelaide oa Monday afternoon at 1 o'clock. Bsfore ahe left her moorings hie Excellency the Governor went on board, and afterwards proceeded dowa th* river with the veeeeL As the Op?l pssiel down the stream she was cheered by the assembled spectators, who were answered by repeated cheering from the steamer. The drum and fife band played lively airs as the steamer gradnaily left the harbor behind. Hi* Excellency landed at the Semaphore and re turned to Adelaide from there. The foundation- stone of the addition to St. Peter's Cathedral is to be laid by his Excel lency the Earl of Kintore, M.W.G.H. of the South Australian constitution, with Masonic ceremony. St. Peter 1* Day this year fall* on a Sunday (June 89), and we understand that it is proposed to select theprevions Saturday a* the date of the function. The Government have received a letter fraiu Messrs. Bray fc Hackett, the solicitors for ths Oommercial Bank of South Australia A«*Bt< Distribution Company, stating that the oosi pscv are prepared tD abandon all farthar actiop, either here or elsewhere, ?a3 t j ratura - the subscriptions to the shareholder*, ani asking that under these circimstancea further proceedings against .the promoters m?y bs Abandoned. It is underotood that this course ■will be taken by the Government on p?ym?nt cf the costs incurred by them ia CJnnec'.irm with the case. Some tLte ago the City Council eatraiteJ the Markets and Torreca Lake cmiuiittee with £I.rOO. to be spent in the clearing of the river. Upon the recommendation of the .city Burvejer the committee hava cabled toj Englanl for cue cf Shand, Mason. & Co.'a steam ptUEpt, capable of throwing a volume of 600 gallons per minute at a pressure of about 103 lb, Tte cert ol lading at ileUide will be about £650 We undtKUndl that the city surveyor is c--i?li3ent that with this pump he will be able to remove the worst of the obstrac tion* btlere tUe next rowing season. Mtssis. R. B. Oalveit, M. LA, (or Korong. Vf. M. Clark, M L A. for Footscray, and D Blethver, M L.A. f r Eiat Burke Boroughs, accompanied by Dr. WolUttf j, Mr. Richard son (of the V:ctoii?n Cuato^.o Department) and ceveral ctatr gentlemen, yesterday in apected Mr. T, Harry's spacious wine cellus. Borne of the visitors were surprised at th> extent of the premises and the quantity o' wine in the wood, while they were not disappointed concerning its quality. The (arty then proceeded in • four-hone drag to the Sewage Farm, and the admirable method of the dup.sal of the drainage of the city was favorably commented upon. Tae farm is looking exceedingly well, and Mr, B. Hack, the manager, has no difficulty at present ia getting rid of the sewage. After a thorough inspection of the screen-bouse, the filter beds, the stablee, piggery, silo*, and the plentiful growth of beibige and fodder plants, the visitors returned to town quite satisfied with the substantial uses to which the drainage is put, and surprised at the almost tstal absence of any unpleasant odor except in the screen home. Must of the pcrty returned, to Mel bourne by the express during the afternoon, but ethers visited the Bankside Vineyard. It is gratifying to hear that in some places in the EL'tthem land district, where six months •go tte rabbit nuisanoe prevailed, the pesti ferous rodent is now almost extinct. Mr. W. Strawbrid?e, the Deputy Surveyor General, ttatct that daricg his recent tour of Che dis trict, in feU capacity as chairman of the Northern L&nd; Beard, he noticed that bamry bad alnvost vanished from Hardy and Ketchowia and other hundreds thereabsnt, the removing agency of strychnine and sandal •rood bark having been found thoroughly tfficadcui. In a lew pacts, however, the past •till exiktr. Mr. Strawbridge foend the country generally looking very well. In response to requests the police paddsckat Wellington has been surveyed into small areas, •nd the Commissioner of Crown Lands has given instructions to have it offered under the JJand Board as working men's blocks. The Murray Waters Commission will meet this rconanfr to coosidtr the draft of their progress report, A misunderstanding ocenmed in reference to a recital to be given by Mr. David lies, the Melbourne city organist, in the Town Hall on Tuesday. Mr. Lee was a visitor attached to the MUdura party, who left by the express train for Melbourne lan Taes day afternoon, and his presence here ap pears to have been a reason for anticipating that he would perform on the Town Hall organ, which he waa the first to open on its arrival I from England. Mr. Lee at per cob*! inconvenience came forward at tha last moment and played tome selections to those whs were present, and then announced that he wool j take another oppor tunity of visiting Adelaide to entertain his lis teners with a more choice and varied recital, as be had louna tbe organ to be vastly improved , since he first pUyed upon it, and he regarded it as an iorttnifceiit that waa a credit to the city. On Friday tbe Land Board fjr the northern district, of wbicfa Mr. W. Strawbridge (th« deputy Survejor-Gen'erai) is chairman, eon eluded a eetuon in the district, which ex tended ovtr a pericd cf nearly three months. Curing that time the board allotted absat half a million of acres in response to 293 application?, and fixed prices for the approva cf the Comniiuioner on 433 leases of various tJasses, including surrtndeied lot* and those in regard to which the holders applied for lessening of rent. Appeals to the number of 230 were dealt with, and in about tsro-thirds of the cases further reductions were made. Tiw majority of the appellants were holders of land in tbe best localities to ttie east of the Flinders Bange. The board also fixed prices on 32,530 acres of Crown lands to be reoffered for pisses aton. The members held 31 public meetings and IS committee meetings, and compassed 1,500 miles in travelling over and inspecting the lands of the district. Tbe ordinary monthly committee meeting of the Industrial School for the Blind, North Adelaide, was held at the institution on Tues day afternoon, May 20, when there were present—Mr. C. H. Goods, president, Messrs. G. W. Hawkes, S. Goode, W. Borford, G. aVOeox, T. S. Beed, G Sbaw. D Gwlick, G. O. Knight, W. Pengelley, F. Hagedorn, J. McEwin, Rev. P. Jorgenson, D. Sterne! home teacher and A. W. Hendry. manager. Mr. O. J. Stevesi apologised for non-attendanse. sMc Atkinson, sating superintendent ol the Destitute Asylum, tt"t"^«^ the committee for invitation of the inmates to tbe World's Fancy fair, which had been much appreciated. The finance committee reported a balance in the National Bank of £2,086; the accounts passed lor payment were £30, and the require ments £13. The manager's report showed tbe goods produced for April to be:— Brashes, 1403; mats, 40; baskets, 199; total chargei for working the institutian, £242; total receipts, £220; liabilities, inde-" pendent of bazaar account*, £338. Horsehair bad been received from Meters. Fullarton and Blackwell, Narracoorte, and anonymously from Port Augusta. The bazur business com snittee reported having passed acoconta to tbe amount of £411, the gross receipts being £2,55!*, and the report was adopted. Oa tbe motion of Mr. G. W. Hawkee, a comprehensive vote ol thanks was tendered to all who assisted at the lair, and a letter was ordered to be drawn op and forwarded, acknowledging the great ai- BStance tendered. The resignation of Miv TifHrn, a valued nir*"frnt of the institution for five yean, was received, as she is leaving to teride in Melbourne. Miss Hawkea was ap pointed to the position. Toe annual meeting sub-committee reported that the subscribers' yeady meeting was arranged for June 12, Tae home teaching committee reported visits paid 73; books circulated, 84; additional pupils, 1; total number receiving benefit under h.oma teachiog. 98; adopted. The annual service in conjunction with the blind throughout tbe ■roild was observed on the first Sunday in M?y at tbe Y.M.O. A , when Mr. C H. Goode, pre sident of the institution, gave an address to about 70 blind ptraons, afterwards providing a tea in tbe Victoria H*U. Ton is the toird year of observance in Adelaide, and mach interest is evinoed in tbe service by the blind. Zt was decided to write a letter to Or. M-rou, of Brighton. England, conveying the bigb appre ciation of the committee for the great work he bad done for the blind. At a meeting of the Trades and Litnr Council held on Tuesday evening, Mr. George Mellor (seetetary to the Masons and Brick layers' Society) announced that the strike of sroiken employed on the Gjcloramt Baildings, Hindley street, had terminated in consequence of the contractors having acceded to the de mands of tbe men. Tbe firm in question (Messrs. Paull ft Brace) have agreed that the rate of wage for bricklayers shall in future be lOr. per day, and of laborers 7s. per day. The ntual monthly meeting of the Field Vaturalitts' Section of tbe Royal Society wa« beld on Tuesday evening in the phyiio?l lecture room of tbe University, Mr. Dixon occupying the chair. The secretary read a report of the last excursion to Marino, after which Professor Bragg gave a meet interesting demonstration on tbe effect of plant extracts on light. In a ?cry plain conversational manner the professor explained the theory of light, showing by ex periment that, for example, a red glass is red because it quenshe* all tbe light rays except the red, From this be proceeded to explain •nd Olostrate the principle of flaoreioeooe, by which oce eclor ia qusnebed and ?a>ther r; tamed. Tha lecture waa listened to with ?r«it interest by a large attendance o! members, who accorded tbe professor a hearty vote of thanks for his valuable information, and paved a like vote to the University Council for the use of the roam. A line is beicg constructed by the Railway ConimisMoners for the purpose of connecting the Government wharf at Port Adelaide with the general eyttem. The line rune through the swamp at the b?ck of the wharf, behind tbe new dock, directly into the goods yard without touching the roadway in the Port at any point. The wotk has been in progress for fir months, atd is cow approaching completion. When finithtd it wiUconsideTably increase thef acUities for dealicg with the tbippiD* at Port Adelaide, Tbe wharf is wtli situated, being the lowest dovn the river, arid tbe waterway is quite clear right up alocpeide. Formerly this wharf was quite isolated, a crrtk running between it and Ko. 1 quay, at.d tbe only means o! approach is by a tciub road. Should this wharf be recegcised and utilised by the coal steamers tracks could be bruusbt to and fro with far rrcater case then to tbe wharfs at present nse4, ar.d thuu there would be a con eiderable dtcreat? uf tbe tratlic of loaded and empty wgfgcns through the etreets ol the Port. The prevalence el the influenza epidemic amocg the railway employe's has somewhat inconvenienced the authorities in Port Ade laide. A considerable number have been unable to attend to their duties, which, con sequently, have had to be performed by others working overture. A request for assistance from town has not been complied with, as the city tt*B is enable to spare hands. The committee of the Convalescent HO3 pits), S. Margaret's, Semaphore, beld their usual mttticg at the Church Ofiioe on Monday-, May 19, the attendance being — Dr. W>lde (in the chair), Mesdames G. A. Connor atd Hartley, Messrs. Hawkes and Athwin, and the bon. secretary. A warrant was paaeed for tbe month's ex pt?Ecs. The number of admissions wa3 76, and of discharges 72. On Thursday laet (says the Kapunda Herald) while John McMahon, of near Fords, was locking for a rabbit, at which he had just fired, tLe charge of tbe second barrel of his gun accidentally exploded, the shot paesing through bis cheek in the direction of the temple, causing a severe flseh woncd. He was brought to tbe K?punda Hospital tbe stune evening and is now progressing favorably. The shearers and station hands of this colony end the western districts of New South Wales axd tjceecbland have for a number of years ken a lively itterett in the Adelaide Children's Hospital, and have contributed generously towards its support. In 1831 a new wing was added to the hoepital at a cost of £1,100, and was devoted to the treatment of ophthalmic ewes, and in acknowledgment of tbe substantial aid which the stations have afforded these additions were named "Tbe Shearers' Ward." They consist of a two storud building detached from tbe main buildings of tbe hospital, but communi cating with the latter by a covered overway. The additional accommodation thus afforded include a main ward furnished with seven cots, a play-room for the children, a large dining rocm for the convalescents, baths. lavatories, atd other offices. Many children from the far north and from across the borders faave par ticipated in the advantages which tbe hospital supplies. Last season nearly £75 was re mitted from the stations in the following sums:—Cordillo Downs, £22 9a. 6d.; Erudina. £9 17s. 3d.; Monkira, £9 Is.; Fowler's Bay, £7 3s. 10ri,; Montacollina, £5165. 6d.; Wirrialpa, £4 Is.; Arcoona. £3 6s. 6d.; Mount Bryan. £3 125.; Ediacara, £2 3s. 10d,; Mount Lrndnarat, £1195,; Andamooka, £1 6s. 3d, Mr. Cunard'a exhibition still draws a Urge number of visitors, who are invariably delightel with what they ere. On Tuesday, May 20. an enrolment for the Militia Force was held at tbe Staff Offise. with tbe retult that the field artillery w*s strengthened by J7 men and the infantry by 35 men. At the Theatre Royal on Tuesday " The baling Passion" was repeated to t> well-filled hcuee for tbe last time, and was heartily re ceived. This evening will witness a revival of the popular play " The Union Jack," which no docbt will attract good audiences; on Friday "Tte World* will be produced. 