WAKING DREAMS AND OTHEFE ' ILLUSIONS. • SCIENCE has done much to show that the -old belief in apparitions rested ..on .nothing., more than illusive fancies-often resulting from physical derangemeu% ani3|We may •depend upon it that t.he '-explanation of • •many illusions that: once.-wern mj'stenes,. istobeioundina studyof;thei physiology of . the .nerves - and-. »pf ?the -nund. • -JB thoroughly; elucidated tile- Subject of these illusions witlun% hnetspacfe,wemay456gin: by selecting one or two illustrations of , illusive vision, such ;as have - been recorded for instruction and edification in the pages of the plivsiologist. One of the best known cases—derivmgitsmterestfromthefactthat tbesubjectof thevisitationsm question himself narrates the facts—is that of Nicolai, a well-known citizen and bookseller jof. Berlin,- who read an account of his .case.before.the Berlin Academy of Sciences. We shall give the account in hi6 own words. "During the few latter monthsL.of. the^yearjiTaO, 1 !: says Kicolai, "I had experienced several, melancholy incidents, which deeply affected me, particularly -m'Septembeiy from which • time 1 I suffered' an almost unmteirupted series of misfortunes, that affected me with the mostpoignant grief. Iwasaccustomed to be bled twice a; year, and this had.been done once on the..9th.of- July, but .was omitted.;to. be .repeated at the end of- the year.1790. • . ... .; Iliad, 111 January and February of the year 1791. the additional misfortune to experienceseveral extremely, unpleasant. cii'O^-'stances, which . were followed on.tlie 2-i;.i. of Februaryliy a most violect .altercation. Hywife and another, person- came into my apartment m. the morning in order to console me; . hut, 1 was too much agitated- by . .a • series; of incideuts which had most .-powerfully \- affected my . moral feeling, to be capable of attending to tliem. On a: . sudden, ! perceived at about the'distance of ten steps, a form .like that .of-a deceased, person. I pointed at it, asking my wjfe if she did not see it. It was.but natural' that she should not see anything; my question therefore alarmed her very much, and she sent immediately, for a physician. The phantasm continued .for some minutes. I grew at length more calm, and hemg extremely exhausted, fell into axestlssssleep, which lasted about half-an-liour. -The physician ascribed the vision to violent mental emotion, and hoped there would be no return; but the violent agitation of my mind had in some way disordered my nerves, and produced further consequences^ which deserve.a more minute description. "At four in the afternoon, the form which. I had seen .on the morning reappeared. I was by myself when this happened, and being rather uneasy at the incident; went to my wife's apartment;.but there likewise I was persecuted Jby the form, -which, howr ever, at 1 intervals disappeared, and always presented- itself m. a standing posture. About six o'clock th ere appeared also several walking figures, which liad.no connection with the first. After the first day, the form of the deceased person no more appeared, but its place was supplied: with many other phantasms, sometimes representing acquaintances, but mostly-strangers; those whom 1 knew were composed of living and deceased persons, but the number of the latter was comparatively small. When I shut my eyes these forms would sometimes vanish, entirely, though there were instances when I beheld them.with my eyes closed; yet, when they disappeared on such occasions, they generally ^returned when I opened my eyes.. They all appeared to mem their natural size., and as distinct as if alive, exhibiting different shades of, carnation m the-uncovered;parts. as well as different colours and fashions - in their dresses, though the colours seemed somewhat paler than m real nature; none of the figures appeared particularly-terrible, comical, or disgusting, most of them being of an indifferent 6hape, and some presentmg a pleasing aspect. The longer these persons continued to visit me;, the ..more frequently :<3id they '-return, -while at the same time, they increased .in number about four weeks after they had first appeared. I also began to hear them talk; sometimes among themselves, but more . frequently they addressed their discourse to me; theirspeeches being uncommonly short and never: of- an- unpleasant turn. ; :At different -times-. ' there appeared to me both dear and sensible .fnends of, ..both sexes, • whose- addresses' tended to appease my grief, w-hich had not : yet wholly subsided; their consolatory speeches were in general addressed to me. when I was alone. - Sometimes, however, ! was accosted by these- consoling friends': while ! was engaged m company, and.not' unfrequently while real persons were speaking to me; The consolatory addresses con.-; sistod sometimes of abrupt phrases, and at .other, times they were regularly executed;,'../ Such was Ificolars account of. the phantom-visitors who addressed and consoled him m his domestic affliction. It is interesting.-to pursue still -further :his. account of their disappearance. 1 The reader will recollect that Kicolai hadneglected.to repeat at the end of 1790 the blood-lettmg m which it -was -customary m the -days ;we speak of for our forefathers to indulge. It. was at last decided that leeches should be! U6ed, and-on iApril :20, 1791,. .at-eleven o'clock m the mornmg,.--Kicolai informs; us the operation was performed. "-Ko person,"; lie-continues, "was -with me- besides the, surgeon, - hut during the : operation my chamberwas crowded With human visions; •of all- descriptions. -This continued umn-: terruptedly . till . about half - an.-hour afterfour o'clock, iust when,my digestion coin^, menced. .1 then perceived that theyhegan, to move more slowly. - Soon after, their colour began to-fade, and at seven o'clock they were entirely white; ' But they moved, very little, though- the forms- -wero . as. distinct as before, growing, however, :by degrees more obscure, yet not fewer = in; number, .as had-senerally -been the ease. They;now-seemed to.dissolve 111 the air, while fragments of some of them continued visible for a considerable ~ tune; ~ About; eight o'clock the room was entirely cleared; of my fantastic visitors. Since that time." adds Kicolai,.f-I have, felt "twice or -rthreetimes a sensation as if they were going to. reappear, without, however, actually seeing •anything.. -The same;; sensation surprisedme just before! drew up this account while I was- examining, some- papers relative to' these phenomena, which I badrdra-wn up lii the year 1791' e -Such. is a historical :account of what may , appear to the senses of a sane-and-reason-^ able individual. -Before •entenug on their scientific explanation,; it will be 'advisabletogive one or two further examples: of the phenomena m question; On ilie occasion of the fire which .Palace in menagene flames.. The chimpanzee,-; however.- was believed to have escaped from his cage and was'presently.seenon. the l-oof-endeavour^ ing to save himself by clutching 111 wild 1 despair «ne-;of.-the -iron r . beamswluch-lihe. •Are-fhad v.spared,'. -The: "struggles- Ot,;tlie animal :.-.WBre;>watched: -mth. ,an : vinte curiosity^ -mingled:.:with ,-lioixor. and- sym- ; jiatby for the supposed ^ate ivliich.'awaited surprise of the - spectators of im liumineht tragedy,$o~{35nd --that.-the :• ohject-nvhicji in: the igkise ofsa^temfiedvapevSiad'Jcxcitea. their ifearsj-^esolvea ltself'ruto'piBBtefofcanvas-blindrsoftattered', fthatto the eye-of the imagination, and when moved by the wmdj ltpresentedtheexact :coimterpart "of an example is of especial interest, betSauseat prores to us ^tliatnot one -person alone, ;"but;m-rlai^' number'•of-.Specta'tOfsj m^y ^e^aeceiyed- hy'::an»b3ect-impei'fectly-. seen;-and 'aided -ta.i the-illusion' by a-mvidl imagination, into fancying aUthe^deSailS i'of a spectacle of winch the chief actor s entirely® myth A smgulir case has been given on trict irom Beiirbyntoi'almouth—h occup ed wjth the -subject rfomitain^s^raisfcer.tam^he 1 ?a »eii#y-ereGtea ; !fSiiiSjain; eription "Ifanymim unto -ine aad^dimlr' i ®Jie:infenjioned;lier; i^ierecton^^iejaBSi^iierssicitith! SoUntain'jin^tsposition They assuied lier iirat convm ed of the> e~lityiqf her sen an the ground Jthat •sfee;ng' ! 3s ®diev liea-epaired-'to tj^fe sjiot'TvheS^he had ! the tQimtam;Miily-tt) find "lioweVervIa cattered -stone's m place'-'of the erection * ^ ' r.tt j i 'We., maj now , tgrn to ^con ld^-^lSifel * LE!U Y let us briefly consider what takes .place m ordinary sensation, when we see »r hear the objects and sounds of every-day existence. . The eye alighting on an- objoct transfers an impression of>iliat object to the! bram throughjjhe • special (optic) n^rro of-, sight, whichi|ads from the eye to tliespart of the brainfaercising the sense.'.of sight... We :,m reahfy/do • n<jt see-. witlu«ther;.sye.: That organ ls merely- an; arrangsment -.oflenses adapted to,receive, r ;focusj ana other- pr; wise ad] ust jays of-light --streaniing-.-from; tlie. objects-we -See. r** e Tlie funfcti&n; of thfe 1 teye is simply that of adjustingand correlat ing the conditions . necessary for the .production of an impression. This impression; is carried in due course to a special pait of the brain,-where it becomes transformed •into a special:sensation—thatof sight- We' thus truly:see not with :the -eye, but with tlie;brain,jirxathenjvitiitJiat^iorfyon-nf.tkebraai which lief m -Utrebt relation mith nerves of sight. The eye represents the lenses of- the photographers camera: but .the brain corresponds, to. the .sensitive plate , which receives the image of the sitter, and on: which all subsequent alterations .of the image are effected-., ..Oftlie other senses, the, same pronnnent; featui'e -may., also -be: expressed-r-namely, that m the brain and not m the mere organ of sense must be allocated the true seat of knowledge. The car.anodi- •fies ;waves- of. sound; bjit it-is . the .brain whicli.distmguishes, appreciates, and acts upon the information;conveyed by.the. organ: of hearing. .The..finger touches an obiect ; but the seat of knowledge does not .exist - at tlie.,extremity of the hand. - Th impression of touch is duly conveyed to the! brain as .before, there to be- ianalysed,. .com^ mented upon, and'if necessary, acted upon as well. „• • . •• •• - ':•• . • •' On the .appreciation , of the .simple fact ;:that .the brain is the true, seat of the senses,• rests the whole explanation of the. ghosts and apparitions which occasionally, attend tlie . footsteps, .^nd .. meet. . the . eyes of: humanity. Wlien we are conscious of looking at a real objectj a sensation.of sight is formed m the bram,- as we- have seen. Such a .sensation -we call, an " objective one, because it.is derived from a- veritable object. So also, when wo hear a tune played.-by a person whom w:e-see, or of whose existence, even when unseen, we entertain 110 doubt, the sensation of sound is then,called " subjective." But there are manyfamiliar instances, m which thepower of the mind to reproduce the sensations, sights, and sounds we have received, is demonstrated. . .The day-dreamer can sometimes bring the scenes m which he has once taken part so. vividly before his. mental gaze, that his reverie may-actually bebroken by tlie^ words which unconsciously flow from his hps . as lus - imagination starts int bodily action. .Such apower of fancy and imagination is the beginning or faint ixmfcir tion of a still more-powerful means which we possess of bringing before ourselves the forms and scenes .which have once been objectively-present with .us... -In the dream, this power is illustrated typically enough. Prom the background of consciousness to .speak, we project forwards, in- our sleep,', thepictures whicha busy-brainisreproduc-; mg, or it may be-piecing together from the odds and ends, of its fancy to. form the ludicrous combmations .we are familiar with in the land of .Kod.': • And if. we caiT5' .tlie idea, of this same power beingexercised m our waking moments, to form; the ghosts of science, the. explanation of the other\vise curious andmystenous sub-, ject of illusive ;visions will be complete. . W-elmow then thattlie bram lias the ordi-: nary power of formmgimages which may be projected outwards m the form of the fancies of evety-day life. But these pro-- jected fancies may-grow .into plain and apparent sensations or images under, the requisite conditions. -When we-hear "a •nngmg-m the- ears," we know perfectly well: tliat no objective sound- exists, -and scientifically we say that the : sensation of hearing m such a case is an-internal or subjective one.: . .When we see. flashes.of-light. which have no existence. 111 the. .outside; world on which we happen , to vbe iiiizmg. we explam then - - occurrence m the -same way. Sow, on such a basis, the ghosts of science . are - both - raised - and laid.. -Th images and. phantoms of- Nicolar, like the sparks ..or flashes of light, ;ai-e subjective! sensations;., Tliey .arise, m" other words," from; some ..irritation: 01" that part of-the -bram, which would .have -received .the impressions.of sight had the objects jin.ques-' -tion had an,actual-- existence.-.-.-But -the. subject also involves a reference to bodily, ;-condition and to memoryitself. •: Primarily,^ it will be found that illusive visions-appear only when the health.of the subject of thesevisitations \- is 111. a weakly state; TJie derangement of the health- is the.-.primarj'' -cause.of these curious states. .=.,.•.• •-.:,-. ;;It is, .however, equally worthy xifiremark. that many of the phantasms; of, Nicolar were persons whom he knew: Such visions -then may be. supposed to simply represent, the effects of very .recent images which had been received and.stored in the bram, and which were;evolved by tlie. exercise of unconscious memory. Of-.the deceaseipersons whose images aiipeared .to ,him...the ..same xemark-may be made—memory.-agam reproducing; by the subjective impressionsof the brain, the forms of ,dead friends. :But •what, it, may bo asked, of •; the strange visions-;whom.iicolai did not recognise? •The reply which science offers is- tliat these also.were images or, conceptions.of -persons whom Nicolai-must have seen at £ome time, but.whom lie could not,remember;-mys- r ; tenons.-: reproductions, - te the. 'brainy: o£ events which had been -impressed thereon,• , but which had. escapea-remembrance by ordinary memory. Even the characters whom IfiGolai -..may, have simply . heard described, • could -.be thus produced, - and present .apparently, the images . of persons with.whom he was not; as a-matter of conscious memory, familiar. : The tbram,.in other words, registers, and -remembers, morethan memory, can.ievolye;.: and it is reasonr. a jle to.conceive. that. foigotten images ofi ihrogs or. -persons- once -seen -formed, the mysterious, strangers of Nicolai's waking, dieims , It: is .noteworthy.that only after .a long period -..of "visitation -from-.Ins fantastic, friends did ...Ifieolai begin to' hear- them; speak. • Thus, the sense of hearing. had also, come in..time to lendjts- aid-in.propagatingihe illusions,-^and the fact'that; the; vis-ions addjessed . JSicolai. concerning his: own :immediate affairs .. and his "^pei-sonal griefs and sorrows, dearly shows the unconscious action of a imud which was brooding,. over its - own; trials, and -wlucli was^ySymg^from withm Jtself ,the,;com-i fort . and ..consolation of kindly friends. • .Last.of all,-that the-inaterlalbasls-of these; visionary .friends ;,resided5jii: !the -weakly" body :of, then- - host ;-is -proved by -their dis appearance.,on-the resumption -of-the custo-' mary bloOrt-lotting anil the imjjrovement of the health—an additional fact showing .the relation of- ithe^healthy-body -to;.the, sound mnd All such illusive visions .are -thus readily" Bxplamedasthe; creatures >of• «nnmagi]i&'. fotwai-d on the. seats . of . sense, as the ;!!;jnngmgm ouriears ls.produced -by. some; irritation -of -the-~:-lieaiTng-centre.-«.of - ;the bram. 'J he known visionis.areproduction, of the present :memoryi randT.the'iini Isnpyni vision is the reproduction, of - a Torgbtten figure which. ha3 nevertheless beemstored .;away:!n isonienookwr craainy; of J,he jnemqiy cliambei Science; mays.thus?^^-.>we.;iliave-;be'fqre' •had frequent occasion^ o. assure sOur-readej^ 1 .Sidispel^tlie.'rilliiBioni- by-i) '""*'• tibn,, and science has jm J . or-.-ndbler, ..iise ithan-:isvjienfs •si^je.fct^like-.Sthe .^sentias iiescued:s 4hevdomam (Sthemystejiious-and-iiroughi ;mthinthe. sphere =of::ordinaJ3f.toiowledge:-;i 