CRUMBS. 3 Bank mutiny, bah J oval A " mutinous combination.' , Honest Tom taking the lead. L A mnrderous plot in Bulgaria. ' Siberian gold yield looking np. Water-boring stopped at Beds. More heavy rains in the North. Adelaide Show, Maroh 6 and 7. Teetnlpa diggings now deserted. Our Tom's speeoh takes the prize. A few Militia oaptains still sulky. Jnoome tax returns coming in welL 1\. Telegraph operators getting restless, t Working np the red-rust conference, i More demooraoy from yonng Gordon, i Death announced of a colonist of 18401 1 Letter-writer Berens oat for the Start, i' Brazilian Republic increasing its army, I Jubilee Plunger now having a blabber. Fine sweetwater grapes from Emu Slat A letter that oat-rivals W. R. Wigley's. . The blind and the halt—gather them in. Allpress got one Bank-draft in Adelaide. Oar Tom harking back on old grievonoes. . Mr. Gladstone patting on the war paint. A terrible bowl, and all for fifty shillings. r Waebaways on the Transcontinental line. 1 S.A. obituary—Peter Rowland, of RedhtlL Major Blair will hold his position, yon bet. Snpposed valuable discovery of rich sliver ore. ' Councillors are afraid, to levy that sparrow rate. State Children's Council sat npon shame fully. Sir Henry Parkes enffera from a doggish heart. Marson's idea of political economy is very fanny. \- Something remarkably rotten in oar defenoes, ; New Murray steamer imported for Chaffey Brothers. Bed raet is not Incurable, bnt who knows the core 1 The Czar pleada for lenienoy to the Dao d'Orlesns. Mr. Parnell and his Brigade getting ready for aotion. Fonr thousand miles of railway proposed for Siberia. Brighton Sparrow Deatraotion Club doing good work. " Viotoria has pawned heraelf to British capitalists.'* We learn something from everything, even from failure. Now, what is the" previous good character" of an infant f Mount Barker is waking up on the □ aeation of sanitation. Beoent Bast Coast weather been severe on some vessele. We provide a fish market for the benefit of Melbourne. Oar Bstablished Chnroh is the totalizator "•vide Marson. Protectionist Playford taunting Victoria. Pot and kettle. Why has not the Sparrow Destruction Act been availed of? BabbitB in Viotoria properly laid out by poisoned apples. ' Seven years for savagely assaulting a con stable in Sydney, Our good points distorted, and our bad oneB exaggerated, \- Pnmping plant is being removed from Teetnlpa diggings. To make fish cheap, do away with the hawker's licences. Not mnch of an Eldorado about the South African goldfields. Is Jt'lair'a Eetreat the only way out of the Militia difficulty? ' Australian Federal Conference attracting attention at home. Bntcber Conrad eaya Unionists' wives keep hiB ehop open late. 1 Reformatory Hnlk to bs vacated, Soit impeonnious M.P.'-s. : That was. a diplomatic withdrawal of the Captain's resignations. Sir Henry " the most commanding figure in Australian politics." Board of Conciliation proposed by London Chamber of Commerce. Another alluvial goldfield wanted in the Hundred oi Onkaparingo. ' Even Honest Tom could not stand Mel bourne's melting moments, Sydney's Minister of Public Works won't be bonnoed by unemployed. Premier Salisbury suffering from weakness. A few more old fossils dit o. Quarantine on Torreoa Island slace November 6 has been raised. Old Farmer Tarran recommends aalt and sea-water to prevent red rast. "Mutinous Captains caved in. "Very sorry, Sir; won't do it again." " God help the Tories when Mr; Gladstone is no more," eaya Mr. Gilmore. Parson Gilmour says oaif love and writing poetry generally oome together. Hawkers of fisb, &o.;, must take out a lioenoe for each petty township. - v., " Yaxley Height" wince £40,000 for , a rabbit-destruction secret. Mddest! ■ £!; Not mnch of the ;Pknim aftout ,.Hugh Gil more when he begihs -taxalk bolltioe.1 ■ \, a ;>"Too bad that hearfi&s; Ifaftn'ts should tie proteoted by incompetent Magistrates. "Protection attracts foreign produce 1" What do yon say to that, King Cohen ? Brighton Sparrow Clnb open to receive and pay for any quantity of .heads and eggs T That story about the tiger and the um brella, Rev. J, Peterson, is rather familiar. After all' the row abont the children and the damage to the iiall, 60s. pats it all right. Many have fallen by the edge of the sword, bnt not so many as have fallen by the tongae. New Alma and Victoria crashing for past fortnight—400 tons stone, 200 oz, smelted gold. Our Defence Forces eeem to be in what is vulgarly termed a " humpty-doodle" state. Why? Allpress in the train, bnt although he talked to the detectives they did not re oognise. Oar Irish colonists want 8b Patrlok's Day deolared a publio holiday. And why not, : begorra ? Members for Noarlanga anxious to have theroads in their^distriot made before the wet weather. Mr. Gilmore had a sly poke at those M.P.'s who are waiting for the Ministry to ■ declare their polioy. Life's a reckoning we cannot make twice over. Feeble aoula always set to work at the wrong time. In the new Assembly Will the Adelaide , Club or the Trades and Labour Council have moat members? , Although Mr. Gladstone, was born in Liver pool he is a Sootobman, on the prinoiple that although a man is born in a stable he is not i necessarily a horse. : "The prinoipal produota of South Aus tralia are horsemen, larrikins, land agents, land sllver-rafflere." j Why not disband the foroe at onoe, and so |save money to the colony ? It is only a farce as played at present. Can't some wonld-be M.P. Stir his stumps and try and find out whore tha shoe pinohss in our so-oalled army ? Chinaman lost, stolen, or strayed from ahip Harvard; £10 reward. Any one with a pig tail will do—allee aamee. ' ' Onr incomes, like onr shoes.'if too small, will gall and pmoh ns, bnt if too large will cause ns to stnmble and to trip. Was the Hon. J. H. Gordon aware, when 1 speechifying at Port Pirie, that his Chief (the Premier) ie a member of the Adelaide Club? When Aristotle was asked " what a man could gain by telling a falsehood," he answered, "Not to be believed when he speaks the troth." "He attributed bis utteranoeB to his youtii and,want of experienoe; bnt thoBe were fanlts that time wonld cure, so he forgave him"— that's from Father Copley. The golden moments in the stream of life rush past ns, and we see nothing but sand ; the angels oome to visit us, and we only know them when they are gone, Davie Murray says Johnny Gordon shonldna' mak' random, foolish, and im politic statements—La fsot, shonldna' tell lees while a. Minister o* the Croon. Germany has abont 260,000 tobacoo planta tions, covering 21,465 hectares of ground. These are owned by 180,000 onltivstors, and produced 9,154,432 lb. of tobaooo daring 1888. Somethinglikea'pumpkin.-rCiroumierenae, 5 ft. 10 in.; diameter, 17 in.; weight, 97 lb.; grown by Mr. T. Molvihill, guard at the Stockade, and to be seen at the Colonel Light Hotel. What wonld the Trades and Labour j Council say if a Protectionist Ministry were to introduce a number of female type writers into our Civil Service as is being done ! in Sydney? TheEgyptian Government has decided that in conseqnenco of the inoreased taxation having failed to restrict leaf cnltivation, not more than 1,500 acres shall be used for this purpose next year. Birthday Greetings—Mr. HenryAlford,one | of onr pioneer colonists, for many years In spector of Police in Adelaide, born in 1816, at Aoton, Middlesex, England. Mr. J. C. F. Johnson, born February 12,1848. " It may be that the Commandant desires to challenge public opinion as to his admlals-' trationof theDsfence Forces of the oolony. If j that it his object, he is performing a need- ; lesely risky experiment." Tit thrne for ye, me bhoy. . The . number of cigarettes taxed by the Internal Revenue authorities of the United , States last year amounted to 2,151,615,360, Increase, of over 200,000,000 upon the pre ceding year. The inerease.in thenumberof j oigars taxed was.not so large,-the number ' befog.,.8,867.885,640 this year,: against 3,844,726,650 in 1887., , ... > Which sees most of a stream? The leaf that circles in an eddy ood looks out; or that which floats- With the current? The last movea amid the same surroundings, the firsti sees the change as it passes by. A man may loBe view of .thewctld in the'battle of its j movement, while .another,.from a quiet corner, observes it all. "To-day, whioh is'the annivemtyof Black Thursday, proved to be' the hbtteat day of the season, at 3 o'clock the thermometer at j the Observatory registering 103'4* in the ■hade, The average heat lor Januvy this j year stands some 5* higher than In any month : Bince data have been kept, and is entirely without parallel In Australia. Mr, Ellery hopes for cooler weather before the morning. The barometer is falling, and a south-west breeie is travelling np from Portland"—that's Melbourne yesterday. The oldest Observatory in Europe is that founded by King Frederick 111. of Denmark, on. tbe island of Hveen, in the Sound, and where the famous astronomer Tyoho Brahe carried out his celebrated observations— among others, that of the "bright" star in Cassiopeia. The Paris Observatory was established In 1671, and that of the Green wiob three years later, A Yankee statistician has rent the curtain which veils the fntnre from mortal eyes, and finds that in 189S Americans will smoke 4,000 millions of cigarettes in the course'of the year. We prefer to wait to tbe end of 1895 before we attempt to deal with statistics of this nature,-and then we shall be quite ready to '* take things as we find them." Noras ver rons, " * ". " There are at least twenty-five daily stu dents in the Vatican Library, of whom about half are employed by the Govern ments of France, Germany, and Austria in copying dooumenta relating to the history of their respective countries. Britain is represented by an agent, who has sent to the Public Beoord Office during the past year Bbout 2,000 copies and aoatraots of documents. The library is open nine months of the year, closing in June for three months. Admission is free. The publishers of the Times do not mean to content themselves with tbe squat- looking little reprints of the report of the ParneB Commusion. There are now 44 of these, and , they are scarcely convenient as * permanent reoord. It is therefore proposed to publish the whole story—evidence, speeohes, and re port of Commissioners—in four quarto volumes as aoon as possible after the final ' stage has been reached. This ponderous work will he supplied in two bindings morocco and oloth—and the issue will be limited. According to the Melbourne Herald some amusement was caused in the Filzroy Court recently, when the Mayor asked the Rev, N. Kinsman bow many marriages be had cele brated since he combined the calling ot an auotioneer with that of preaohing the goape! and joining cod plea in the bond* of holy matrimony, "Six thousand sevep hundred and eighty-one," was the'answer. "Inspector Brown—How many years have yon been at this interesting business,, Mr. -Kinsman T Tbe rev. gentleman—Twenty-six years. When I first started I got very few, but somehow they oome - in wholesale now. (Laughter.) Since 1 performed this marriage on the 11th Deoember of last year I have celebrated 107 marriages, I go in for it npw wholesale. (Laughter.) Memorabilia.—That old ohronicler writes: —"A booke entitnled A Noble Boman Histo ric of Titus Andronioua was entered at ye Stationieree Hall by Master John Danter, printer, February 6, 1594." A yonng man, o i whom the reader , may. possibly hare heard, named William Shakespeare, was then living, and it Is just possible that he may have written that "Roman Histoire."—It was on February 6, 1617, that the' Scotoh delivered up Charles L to the Parliamentarians for « bribe of £200,000. Bather a large sum to reoeive in exohange for a sovereign. Yon eee, the Battles of Mareton Moor, Newbury, and Naseby had proved eo disastrous to the Royalists that Charles threw himself npon the good feeling of the Soottish Army then lying before Newark, by whom he was treaoherously be trayed. ObituarieB.—About 27 miles south-east of Paris there is a email town oaiied Melon, and about 870 years ago a little ragged urohin wee living there pretty mnob on charity, and was being educated at a free achooL The name of this little ragged urchin was Jacques Amyot, and this same Jacques Amyot rose by tbe inherent force of his geniu'e to the Profeaaorehip of Greek and Latin in the University of Bonrges. to tbe Bishopric of Auzerre, and tbe offioe of Great Almoner of Franoe, Bis translation of " Plutarch" - afforded Shak speare materials for hie Roman plays. At hie death be bequeathed 1,200 browns to the Hospital of Orleans in return for 12 denlere be received there when a poor starving boy.— Pope Clement XIL died, February. 6, 150 years ago, aged 88, HIb original name waa Lorenzo CorainL He snooeeded Benediot XlII. in 1780, and reformed many abuses.ln the Church. Memorabilia.—The seventh day of the month Adar was observed as a Fast by the Jews in memory of the death of their great prophet and legislator, Moses, b o, 145L - It was abont this period of the year, b.o. 181, that Antloohns Sldetes besieged the City of Jerusalem, which was defended by Xhyroa nns, who had assumed the offioe of High Priest upon the murder of his father, sur named the Benefaotor. -That year was me morable as being {Sabbatic, or seventh year of rest.—Thirty yean ago, on this seventh day of February, Hie Myponga Jetty waa opened, a bnllook waa roasted whole, and a public dinner wae Riven on the beach. Obituaries.—Francis " Pithoo' died, Feb ruary?, 162L fie waa a French lawyer, lie discovered the manaeoript of the " Fables of Pbeedras," and published a "Body of the Canon Law," and " Tbe Laws of the Romans compared with those of Moses." Curiously enough, not only the names ,of Pbeedras and Pithoo,': bnt both the . names of his {brother Pierre .Pithoo, begin with * P. too.—Mrs. Anus Badcliffe died, February 7,1823, aged:59. Her prinoipal works are " The-Castles of Athlin and Dnnbayae," the "Mysteriesof Udolpho," the "Bomaooe .of the Potest," the " Sillolan Bomanoe " and " The Italians," This is what Mrs, Barbaula says" She seems to soorn to move those passions that form the interest of common novels;' she alarms the soul with terror; agitates it with suspense, prolonged and wrought np to the most intense feeling By mysterious hints and obscure intimations of unseen danger." Obituaries.—That ill-starred lady, Mary Stuart, Queen of Scotland, the .daughter of one lung, the hnsband of another, and the mother of another, was beheaded February 8, 1667. Did Elizabeth sleep any sounder after that 7—On the evening of February 8. 16S7, FerinandlL, of Germany, gave up the ghost. His reign of 18 years wac memorable on aoeount of the •'Thirty Years WaF having had its origin simultaneous with his accession in 1619.—Moose Amyrunt, ■ a talented French theologian and meta physician, died February 8,1661, In 1631 he was elected to represent thegnevances of the Huguenots to Louis XIII., when he refused to kneel to that monarch. Bis oration on that occasion, as well as his numerous theo logical treaties, are still populai in France. Memorabilia.—The anoient Athenians.held the eighth day of the month as saored to Heptane, but tbe old rascal didnt thank tbem for all their votive offerings.—There ie a smell town in Prussia named Eylau, the inhabitants of which were driven hall frantic with terror on, February 8, 1807, when the French under Napoleon gave the combined forces of Prussia and Bunia a gloriously terrible thrashing. " Butdeari?'was that conquest bought, for the French lost 16,090 men and tbe Allies 80,000 men. To the right, to the left, and around and sienna Death whirled in file dance on the blwdy K™™? Ooa'e sunlight was quenched in the Bery nght. Over the host fell the dat knees o( night. - Memorabilia. — Archbishop Chiaheley onnded All Souls' College, Oxford, February 10, 1410.—Ferdinand Cortes, taring con quered Cobs, set .sail from that islsnd for Hie conquest oi Mexico February 10,,1619. His crews consisted of 608 soldiers, 110 sailors, 32 cross-bow men, 13 musketeers, eto.—On February 10, 1724, Peter the Great founded the Academy of Boieooes at St Petersburg.—The Frenoh pillageff the Town oflLoretto February 10, 1797. This Small Italian city is famous for possessing the Santa Caea, in which it is believed the Saviour resided with the 'Virgin Mary and Joseph, and wbiob was the soene of the Antmol&tioiuhaviDg; biGn mirftculooBly traoi* ported hitherto during the 18th century- It is a small brick bouse owed m white marble, and stands in the centre of a splendid ohuroh remarkable for three bronze doors and for the xiohness of its decorations In mosaic, frescoes, and carving. , Obituaries.—John Bttenne Darante. the , first President of the PariUmentof Toulouse, was assassinated February 10, 1581» by tbe leaguers.—Sir William Dugdale, the famous antiquarian, author of numerous works illustrative'of the antiquities of'England, died February 10, 1686. Talk about Ovid's "Metamorphoses," why Sir W. 11., who, at the age of 32, was pursulvant atarme by the name of Blanohe Eton, subsequently became Bouga Croix. Charles de Seoondat. Baron do Montesquieu, died February 10,1755, aged 66. He wasi an author and political philosopher of the first water. Having fotmed the design of1 his great work, "The Spirit of Laws, he tra velledthrough Germany, . Holland, and Eng land. He called England the country fit: thinking, and France for living. Besides' " The Spirit of taws" he publiehed a work on " The Causes of the Grandeur and Declen sion of the Bomans," and several others. Burke-sayfe be was a genius not born in every country or every age, with a Herculean robustness of mind, and nerves not to be' broken by labour,' Memorabilia.—Henry III. subscribed the Great Charter of Liberties February 11.' 1225,, which was witnessed by, thirteen BiBhops, i twenty Abbots,, and thirty-two Barls and Batons. This was the famoua Magna Charts which ' the BaronS extorted -from Henry's father John ten years , before, and whfoh' Henry, himself nanoelled daring the - latter part of his, reign, —On Fobrnary 11, 1673, Drake, the" famous navigator, was oondnoted by a tribe of the Symesons to the > top of a large tree reached by notched steps,; and which served them as a watohtewar. He there' obtained > a eight of ithb Paoifio Ooean, npon ^wbioh ho English vessel had; ever sailed.—Peter the Great on February 11, - 1721, presented ,tO the Boyal Academy 0f Sciences oPParisa chart di the Oasplad Sea,; in acknowledgment of " the oholoe you have j made of -out person for. a member of your: iDnstriooe 8oc|etyi"&o.;, &o.;, &c.; 1 Obituaries—Heraollus. Ho man Emperor of: the East, died a natural death, February 11,; 641\. This was the pious monarch who in fllO j dethrohed Phoqa*. and cansedhimself to be orowoed inhls stOad. aod who, subsequently wrenched the holy cross; from the profane bends of Choeroes, King 'of i; Persia.—The Snltan Amnrath lf. died, 145b In 1446 he gained a great viotory'-. over the Cbrietiane at Variflt He SubiequeUtly quelled a revolt of the Janissaries, effectually oheoked the invasion npon hie territory of the tfeacheroae Soanderbeg, and gave the Hungarians a jolly good (or bad) thrashing. — Baud Descartes, the famous Frenoh metaphyseal writer, and the founder of the Carlesian philosophy,. quitted this: lower aphere February 11, 1650, Quoth Emeraon—" Desoartea, taught by Gilbert's magnet, with ita vortex, spiral, and polarity, baa filled Europe with' the leading thought of - vortical motion aa the aeoret of Nature,"; Memorabilia,—A qnaint author of the eighteenth oentnry writea " The Battle of Roveray or Herrings was fonght February 12,1429. in which that renowned Sir John Falataff, with hie little oonvoy of 1,500 arohera, entrenohed by 400 wagona of Yar monthherriBgs,repalaeaabodyof 5,000Frenoh cavalry, and kills 600 Sootoh infantry.— The title of Viaconnt was first conferred upon John Baron Beanohamp, February 12,1440.— Lady Jane Grey, who for nine daya aat upon the throne of England, was beheaded with her hnaband, Lord Dudley, February 12,1554, the miserable viotim of her father's un Srinoipled ambition and of sanguinary Queen iary's revenge. Quoth she: —"Good Christian people, yonoome to see me die, not for anything I have offended, for I will deliver to my God a Bonl as pnre from tres pass as innooenoe from injustice." Obituaries.—There are in Edinburgh to day a hospital and sixteen schools all known by the name of their founder, George Heriot, who' died February 12, 1624, aged 6L Herioft Hospital wa* designed by Inigo Jones, and built at a oost of £30,000. The said George Heriot may not have personally known the said Inigo Jones, for George Heriot bequeathed his fortune, ac quired as a goldsmith: to the Town Connoil of Edinburgh for "the maintenance and education of the sons of poor, deceased, or deasyed burgesses." If, gentle reader, von have read Scott's " For tunes of Nigel/' yon will remember how oon splononsly George Heriot figures in that novel. Can't wealthy men do a lot of good when so disposed?—Rsger Joseph Bosoovioh died insane February <2, 1787. He was a Jesnit, an antbor, a mathematician, and a post. His name Indicates that he was a Rus sian—you bet, and yon will lose. He was a native of Rsgnsa. Bfoily. 