"ON GOLDEN HINGES," t By DORA RUSSELL, I Authoress of "Fcotprints in the Snow,' "Beneath the Wave," etc. t f CHAPTER XXXVIL-(COŽ7TLY'ED .) "She would not marry a clergyman," f be repeated to himself, sadly; "ah-its - no good flattering myself-if shabe had cared for me she would have married me if I had been a curate." When he next saw Katharine he spoke to her about his diaappointment. I "I supposo shabe has told you 1" he I said. C "Told me what " asked Katharine in surprise. "She refused me," said the poor rector 3 manfully. "I am very, very sorry; but Eth has never mentioned the subject to me." "She is not a vain girl-I would have t been very happy if I had been more for tunate." And with a sigh the Rev. Jasper turned away.' Katharine felt truly sorry, for she a liked the rector, and believed he would have made Ethel happy. She spoke to t her about it, but Ethel shook her head. t "And you have never mentioned it, ' Eth1" "Why should I mention it 1 It was disagreeable enough to hurt the poor man's feelings without adding to his annoyance by letting everyone know. Please don't mention it, Katharine. I' would not for the world that Mrs Ballairs beard it." "And yet Mrs Ballaire declared you would be only too delighted to marry him, but that she knew you would never have the chance," laughed Katharine. Eth gave a little shrug. "My dear, Mrsn Ballaira' opinion is no matter to me. I like the rector; Irespect him, and it would annoy me very much if this little woman knew." So the rector's proposal wasn kept a secret by Ethel and Katharine, and even MIrs Ballairs said spiteful " Well, the rector is cooling in his attentions to Eth, ieee. Did I not tellr you he wouldl" Katharine did not speak. "He always does it; it's his way," continued Mrs Ballaira. "I very soon tire of him." And she probably believed this to be true. She had no self-knowledge; her I little mind was too shallow to seace and lament herown shortcomings. a "I like some one a little more constant I than the Rev. Jasper," she smiled, and still Katharine had the discretion not to tell her of the rector's offer. And the rector thought more than ever of Eth, when he found that Mrs Ballairs imagined that he had tired of the young lady, and not that the young lady had re fused him. It was a sop to the poor man's vanity, and comforted him a little. e "So," said Mrs Ballairs, "you have wearied already of you north-country maid 1" "No, indeed, I have not," said the C rector. After this he began to renew his visits c to Fairfield, and the little shyneas whichf had stolen over Eth's manner towards him seemed to wear off He was more de forential and she was softer, and Katha- t rine began to hope Eth would change her mind; and perhaps the rector hoped so I too. And on this account Katharine would v' have liked to have remained longer at Fairfield, but Mrs Graham North came down oneday and told her that Graham d had expressed a strong wish to go for e change of air to Dillford. "I wished him very much to come down here for a few days," said Mrs a Graham North,' but he has a fancy for s going toNorthumberland, and the doctor recommends his native air, so I thought I ` would come down and tell you his plans." , This naturally influenced Katharine. It was getting cold, too, and so late in b October they left Fairfield, and Katharine e sighed as she left that lovely spot. o Mrs IBallairs declared she was broken- P hearted at her going, and old Colonel Ferrers told her she had won a place in a his affections which would always remain. o He went to the station to acsee them off, h and promised to visit his old friend's g daughter at Castle Hill and shoot some of 0 her grouse. "Ah, if I had only been a young man 1' ' he said, sentimentally. h "You are much nicer as an old one," ci laughed Katharine. at The Colonel sighed. "No, my dear girl," he said, "not a that I am really old, but that boy of , mine makes me seem so, and tiot that I g feel old, but there it is. A young girl tl does not care for a grey-haired veteran." "Indeed I do; 1 like my father's old h friend, and no one will be more welcome I at Castle Hill." a So they parted, and the girls parted P with their friends also. The rector did h tnot go to the station,.bct he had whispered i a few words in Eth's ear the night before, d while they stood at Katharine's drawing- i room window admiring the moon. "And to-morrow this will be all over," said the rector. .aI thought Katharine had invited you C to Castle Hill 1" answered Eth, casting r down her eyes. . I "Yes:but I do not know whether to a accept her kind invitation; it might but t gise me fresh pain." And the rector * aighed. " I-I-shall alwsys be pleased to see you." "In spite of the coatl" asked the c rector. " Yes, in spite of the coat," smiled the t girl; and the rector felt happier after he had heard her words. I A little nentirisental scene also took place between Lucy and young Ferrers, i but Lucy was a prudent young woman, I and no sooner had the boy blurted out blushingly ndeagerlynometender words, than Miss Lucy smilingly drew back. "I aus the son of a poor man you know. I shall have to work for my wife," he said. " You must not talk of such things for 1 ahundred years," answered Lucy, coquet tishly, "a baby like you." r "Iam not quite a baby,. Miss Lucy.' i Lucy gave one of her little heartlessa lughs. " You are a nice boy," she said, " and we have had a very jolly time sltogether; I but it does not do to talk folly too long." And so ended poer Phils first love dream. His father, noticing his offapring's depression and gloomy looks, gave him a little advice. "It'n the same as measles or chicken pox," said the old soldier, "'we all take 'em, and we take falling in love just the same. In measles we're a head-ache, and in lovea aheart-iache, and they both go away, my boy, and leave no mark." And the colonel patted his son's shoulder. CHAPTER XXXVIll. As EavPECI. COnRESPONDENT. The party from Wargrase met Mrs Graham North and Graham, by appoint ment, at King's Cross, and they all travelled north together. Katharine was shocked at Graham's appearance wheo her eyes fell upon him at the atation. He looked wasted, worn, and unhappy. Yet his face lighted up when he saw her, and there wasn something in the expression of his eyes that told her his love at least ass unchancd. They sat next each other during the journey, and it did not seem bnog. But again and agoiii Katharine saw a cloud Sit across Graham's face. He was asking himself the old question-lsad he any right to let the shadow of his life fall on the bright womna by his oide 1 And when they reached Dillford, Graham had found no onswer. But he had returned to Diliford with one settled purpose in his mind. lie wished to learn if the restless spirit ef poer Winniy hld been seen wandering near her old home. This determination had crme to him as he was recovering from his illness. And now the same atrange feeling grow upon him which he had felt by the side of the river at Wargrave. He would rather face this shadow than believe that unseen it F dogged his steps. ft If the unseen wall between the living - and the dead were but gapped through for him, he now would learn it. If Winny's g spirit were visible to other eyes, surely those most closely related to her would u have some weird tale to tell. Graham determined to see Dorothy Riddell, but fiBrat-two daysafter he arrived at Dillford G -he went down to the little dene, where Winny had kept her last miserable tryst g for him. It was now the early days of November, and chill winds and rain-laden clouds had it passed with icy breath over the changing leaves. The ground was wet and sodden on the grey drear day, when Graham went back to the very spot where he used to meet his lost love, and stood shuddering, yet curious, expecting to see in this silent k faded grove the white shadowy form that a had twice already crossed his path. The river rolled past swollen and sullen ci the water dark-tinted by the gloomy sky, II while over-head the trees rocked and sa moaned in the gusty blasts. It was a melancholy scene, haunted, for Graham at least, by a hundred bitter thoughts. He paused a moment at the entrance of G the ravine, and then alowly walked on to the very end of it. Nothing unusual was a visible-dank wet grass beneath his feet, it dripping sear boughs above his head. No shade, no shadow, was to be seen; the ti spiritof the dead girl did not linger where a so often her living feet had trod. Graham returned from this visit to Dill a denethoughtfulanddisturbed. Again the h old idea occurred to his mind, could the ] form that ihe had twice seen at Wargrave b be a delusion of his brain I Oh! if he tl could but believe this, what a heavy , weight would be lifted from his soul. He would see Dorothy Riddell, he would n question her, he decided; and he did see a her, but Dorothy had no strange story to r relate. C He met her by appointment, as he was t unwilling to go near the farm, lest the t sight of him should excite the poor P farmer. Riddell had- never quite re eovered the use of his right arm, after the c fit which had struck him in Bewley churchyard. He was greatly aged and B shattered, but "quieter-like," Dorothy h told Graham, and did not speak so often E now of "poor Winny." "-And nothing has been ever heard of y her I" asked Graham, almost in a steady a voice, and Dorothy looked at him in sur- c prise. "What could be heard now, air ' she said; "it's close on ten months noasince h poor Winny was drowned." "It was on January the 27thi and g nothing has been found belonging to her but her cloak 1" ' "Yes, sir, didn't you know her hat was C found 1 I hare it at home now, but if I g might make so bold, TOr Graiam, have you any reason for asking 1" Graham hesitated, and cast. down his eyes. "There can be no doubt, I think none-that Winny is dead." "There can be no doubt, sir-and BMr C Graham, I want to say something-the By old lawyer, Ir Dixon, from Normanton, T came to see father, and said you wanted I to make some reparation, but father I would not listen to him. Then he apoke C to me-" And Dorothy stopped and L turned crimson. S " Why do you name this 1" said Graham S gently. "The matter is all settled-Mr C Dixon wrote to tell me-the money is in- C vested in your name." Si "I meant to explain, sir, father has 31 never been himself since poor Winny's O death, and hie's lost money, and neglected T work, and he's getting an old man, and I S thought if anything happened to him-" T "Of course-but you need not be B afraid of the future, Bliss Riddell; you R will always be amply provided for." 31 Dorothy thanked him, and they parted, and Graham left her satisfied, at least - that tto whisper of the re-appearance of TI Winny's perturbed spirit had ever been T. breathed about her old home. Only his N eyes, then, had looked on the pale ghost; only his blood been frozen by the icy D presence of the dead. L He thought and re-thought of the I apparition in every way. When he had T. seen it in the moonlight in Katharine's T house, and when he had seen it in theT gloaming by the river edge. On both S, occasions he had distinctly seen Wininy's T face. Of this he was quite certain; but C. could he not be certain that his brain JI had played him this weird trick, and clothed his haunting thought in the semblance of realityl T Meanwhile his health improved, and a Ir few days after he returned home he received I1 an offer from the proprietors of the London T newspaper, with which he was connected, to T go as their especial correspondent to join the Nile expedition. E Pr. Morton had already seen Graham, and I had recommended him to go abroad for the G winter, and it seemed to Gratham that to B accept this effer from the newspaper B proprietors, would be about the best way J, he coalil go. The excitement, the new 1" life, and the complete change wvould L be better for him, he felt sure, than D dawdling in a foreign watering place or T living in a city where he had no friends. His mother had spoken to him after Dr. 9 Morton's visit, and had urged him to he y married and go abroad with Katharine But , Graham shrank from this proposal for two C reasons. In the first place, it was nojust to C Katharine to marry her woithont telling her S of the sword that hung dangling over his F head; and, in the second place, it was too F soon after Winny's tragic ending. And to accept this proposal to accompany the Nile expedition, would give him time to prove whether the apparition of Winny was adelssion of his brain or the haunting spirit , of the dead girL If Winny's spirit indeed keew no rest, then Graham told himself he msst never marry Katharine. He put the letter he had received into his pocket, and went upto iastle Hill. He had h not been there very often during the few b days he had been at Dillford, and Katharine received him with a bright and happy amile. "I felt sure yon would come to-day," she " sail, putting her hand in his; but Graham drew her to him and kissed her face. - "Ibhre come to tell you some news," he said, "and to ask your advice, Katharine." " Yes," she said, looking up with her t beautiful eyes. - - "It seems a hard thing to do," continued Graham, still holding ter hands, "hbt I think it a wise thing. The newspaper people in London have written to ask me to go out to Egypt as their especial correspondest with the Nile expedition, and I think Ishalal go, Katharine." Katharine did not speak for a moment or two, hat her lips quivered. "The change will do me good, and the excitement," said Graham, speaking quickly, for Ite saw Kathorine was hurt; "you see I want something to set me sp; this last illness has shattered my nerves. Morton thinks I EIhould go abroad for the sainter." "And do you propose togo at once" eaid Katliarine-very quietly, trying to draw her hands front Graham's, but he held them fast. "Don't speak like that, Katharine; I would not go if-if I did not think it right." "But why, Graham ? I want yon to tell me somethineg. I hae noticed that once or twice since our engagement-not just at Brat, I hut lately, before your illness and since that at times you look and seem so enhappy. If you are unhappy, if our engagement makes you unhappy, -ill you tell mei!c" "How could our envagement make me unhappy, my dearest, dearest love ! It is the one joy, the one bright hope of my life. But there is something-something Ido not wish to burdlen you nitch-tlhot lies like a black cloud over my soul. Yes, you are ,ight, SKathasrine; I have been unhappy, most t miseraoly onhappy, but not tlrough you." d " What is it, fralham; tell me! Neothing g is so vrethebe to a woman as want of trust. y Let me saore your trouble. Surely you can n trust me." " As my oan oulI-it is not that-but it woould pain and grieve you, perhaps frighten y .Trutt me, ilear Graham," pleaded Kotlhorine; and with her held lying on his nI riast hle tuhlil tier the ereirl tole. d I sate tier ftce, I loscertain," here peatecl. " Winny's face-no one could is assume that-but whether my brain has d played me this trick, or ehether the poor n child's restless spirit is still wandering upon te earth, I cannot tell. But you can under Sstond the horror, Katharine. That night at Fairfield, in the moonlight, I shall never forget! I feel more accustomed to it now -but itis very terrible." ' It isn hallucination of the brain, dear." said Katharine, lifting her head from his breast, and looking with her loving, pitying eyes into his face; "you have allowed the unhappy fate of this poor girl to dwell on your mind until it has become a sort of mania. You must not think of it any more, Graham-all this wvill pass away." "But you see what I mean now about goingwithl Lord 'olseley's expedition The excitement of a campaign, the stir, the new country, will not leave me time to think-it is only the pain of leaving you, Katharine." " Do not think of me," she said gently: " perhaps you are right-you will be interested, you will be amused-but I hope there will be no danger, Graham " Graham laughed. "That will add to the excitement, you know," he said; " besides, I am not going as a fighting man." "Frank Despard is moving heaven and earth to go, I hear ; but there is some hitch; hie wants to join the staff; but it is not settled yet." "Well, that will make no differance to me. I won't quarrel witlh your cousin, Katharine." They parted with the understanding that Graham was to accept the proposal from the newspaper proprietors, and start for Egypt, and after he had left her, Katharine thought it was better Ice should go. Though she had made as little as possible to Graham of this strange haunting delusion of his brain, it had, in reality, made her very uneasy. Sihe remembered his altered appearance on the morning at Fairfield, after he had fancied he had seen this poor girl's spirit; and she remembered the long faint ing fit by tihe river, when ihe had been brought home by young Ferrers, and how the doctor had asked if he had received any shock to cause it. And though she grieved very much to part with him, hIis health and peace of mind were of course the first consideration. So Katha rine told herself, and in the evening, when Graham again came to Castle Hill, she tried to be as cheerful as possible, and spoke of the long journey before him, and made him promise to write to her "every day." But Graham had not such an easy task with his mother to induce her to give her consent. Mrs Graham North, indeed, opposed the scheme writh all her strength. She even shed tears, and told Graham that he was ungrateful to her, ungrateful to Katharine. "I have nsrsed you and wratched over you," she said, and now you are starting out on an expedition the end of which no one can foresee." But he got his own wray. His parting with Katharine was very tender; he took her in his arms, he fondly kissed her face. "Good-bye, my darling," Ie said. "God grant I may come home a happier man come back never to part again." Katlharine forced back her tears. "I will pray for you night and day, Graham," she whispered, "wherever you go, my prayers will follow you." (To be continued.) 