CURRENT TOP?iH. As a proof that Tasmanian enterprime is not entirely ignored in the neighbouring colonies, Mr J. Campbell, of the wmll known pottery works, Sandhill, is at present finishing a c.msignment cf large ornamental fern pots, the manufacture of which was ordered from Albury, New South Wales. The pots are of considerab!e size, large enough to admit of the placting of an "old man" fern in each. Mn G. W. WATERHOUBE, P.M., presided at the City Police Court yesterday, when one drunkard, who had been locked up since Saturday, was admonished and dis charged. We' have received "Webster's Tss m'nian Agricultural and Machinery Gavette" for April, which, ans usual, con tains varied information of importance to farmers and others. Ona Deloraine correspondent writes: On Saturday evening a young man arrived at the Deloraine station by the train at 5 26, and took a short cut to the Deloraino Hotel by walking over the railway bridge, instead of going round by the ordinary bridge. He was overtaken by the train proceeding to Formby, when about half way across the bridge. He threw himself down in the gutter between the rails and tke side of the bridge, and escaped without injury. He had a large bundleof luggage with him, which was struck by the train, and the contents scattered along the line for about 100 yards. "LONoFOn NOTES" writes :-Farewell sermons were preached on Sunday at Christ Church by the Rev. A. Wayn, in the morn ing from Acts xx., 82, and in the evening from Philippians iv., Ii. Appropriate hymns were sung at each service, the con gregations being larger than usual, especially the evening. At the Sunday school also a farewell hymn was sung at the close in the afternoon. A CORREsPONDENT writes:-In walking through Mr J. Sayer's garden at the Sand. hill he showed me a tree laden with apples which is the second crop this season. The tree blossomed at Christmias, and was at that time loaded with fruit. The fruit now on the tree is sound and clean, some of the apples measuring bin round. AT the Court of Requests, Beaconsfield, on Thursday, before Mr Commissioner Glover, R. W. Jones. butcher, sued R. Cal grave, of the Ophir Hotel, to recover £8 8s 4d for meat supplied whilst de fendant was in charge of the hotel for the trustee in bankruptcy of Gutteridge, the former landlord. Mr G. C. Gilmore appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr F. C. Hobkirk for the defendant. The plaintiff's man proved delivery of the meat at the hotel, and deposed to having received the order from the defendant. The defendant, when applied to for payment, said he would pay it, though the witness after wards modified this to "he would get it." In contradiction to this, the defendant swore positively that the man hal never spoken to him about the order to supply the meat. and that he had never said he would pay it, but that he would send the account to Mr Rumpff, the trustee in bank ruptcy of Gutteridge, and for whom he, defendant, was only in charge of the hotel on wages. After an exhaustive examina tion of the plaintiff, his witness and doe fendant, the Commissioner said the delivery of the meat at the hotel was satisfactorily proved, but on whose order was it supplied ? The evidence of the only two witnesses who could speak to the circumstances was directly contradictory, and he had no alternative but to pronounce a nonsuit, each party to pay his own costs. TuB usual monthly meeting of the Lawrence Vale Band of Hope took place on Friday last, 25th instant, when there was a good attendance. The Rev. J. G. Millard presided, and briefly explained his mission at Port Cygnet, after which the election of cificers took place. The follow ing programme was submitted :--ocita tions by Messrs J. Jacobson and Johnston and Mesdames Webb and Harrison, d;alogues between Messrs Conway and Elms, and also by Mrs Webb, Miss Wil liams, and Miss H. Mace. Mrs Millard presided at the organ in a most efficient style. The meeting closed snth the bene diction about 9.80. One pledge was taken. A correspondent writes us under the nom de plume of " Listener," praising the enter tainments usually given by the above Band of Hope, and regretting that on the last occasion a song in "black face" and character dress should have been intro duced, as he considers such pieces are calculated to lower the tone hitherto maintained. THE annual meeting of landholders in the West Tamar Road District was held at Rosevear's on Monday at 11 a.m. As Mr Barnes, the chairman, was unavoidably absent, the chair was occupied by Mr D. Cameron. The statement of accounts of the Trust and Main Road Board was read and adopted. At the conclusion of the meeting the polling commenced, Mr Jos. Higgs, jun., being Returning Officer. The result of the ballot was the election of the three retiring trustees by a consider. able majority. AT the annual meeting of the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce on Thursday last, the president (Mr R. Reid) said :-Our community has become so enamoured of protection, and so general is the idolatry that even in the ranks of merchants and the council of this Chamber its votaries are to be found. But I cannot help remarking that irotection means monopoly and a restricted market, for who but a capitalist can pay cash in advance for duties up to 40 per cent, on the value of the imports, and what chances have new beginners or the struggling trader against these dis abilities ? Time wes when the assertion was made that the merchant paid the tax and the goods became cheaper. But this fiction is at last being detected by con sumers. The patient agriculturist, for example, seems to be awakening to the fact that increasing the price of all he needs does not tend to his comfort or prosperity. But a greater danger as a result of our prQtective policy now threatens us. We have certainly 'ttracted and retained.a very large portion of our population in and around our city, and have virtually oom pe'led them to labour here in factories and workshops until nearly half our total population is resident in the city and sub urbs, to the great loss of the country dis tricts. We may for a time, while loans are being spent upon the public works, con tinuo to live upon each other. But all wealth comes from mother earth, and we cannot continue prosperous unless our people are spread over the land, living under the shadow of their own vine and fig trees rather than under the smoking factory chimney. Mn J. BIDENCO~E challenges Mr F. Walker, holder of the gold medal, or any other Northern grower, to exhibit chrys anthemums at the forthcoming show at Hobart, to be held on the 80th inst. and lst proximo, against his collection for the sum of £5. As Mr Bidencope has been an exhibitor for many years in the North, it seems a pity that there has been no reci procity on the part of Northern growers. Perhaps, however, Mr B3idencope's chal lenge may 'induce some of them to enter into comletition at Hobart. It is well known that at the rgcent show Mr Biden cope freely expresse4 his dha'atisfaction t the system of judging in vogue here, which he maintains is not so efficient as that ruling at Hobast of judging by points, BMesens ROBERTs BROS., of Charles street, notify that they have been ap p'inted sole agents for Tasmania for "Cooke's codlin moth and scale insecticide," manufactured by H. R. Cooke and Co., of Whangarei,TN.Z. This preparation, which is made up in bottles, and diluted with many times its bulk of water, when used for spraying fruit trees, is said to be cheap, safe, and thoroughly reliable, and the testimonials published warrant this claim. IT is notified that on and from Monday nuxt and until further notice no vehicular raflice will be allowed in Charles-street be tw'lrn York and Brisbane streets. .T'l'u sacred cantata " Esther, the Beau tiful Queen," will be given in Chalmers Crunrch to-night by the church choir ns~soted by other friends. The Rev. D. S. ll;',liton will occupy the chair, Miss Mary Turner will preside at the organ, and Mr James Storrer will conduct. A collection will be made on behalf of the choir fund. A CossnrsaINo Olicer's parade of the Launceston Artillery took place at the gun. room, St. John-street, last evening. Captain farrap was in charge, and 59 rank and file were present. No evolutions were practised, but the evening was devoted to a minute inspection of the arms and accoutrements of the men. Before dis missal pay for service at the Easter encampment was distributed. Subsequently a meeting of officers and sergeants of the Arti:l .ry and the Launceston Rifle'Regi ment was held to consider the desirableness of holding garrison sports this year. Major Martin presided, and there was a large number present, among whom were Captains Harrap, Sadler, Reid, and Gould. On the motion of Captain Gould, seconded by Lieutenant Kirkland, it was agreed to hold sports on May 24 or May 26, according to the day proclaimed a holi-. day, an amendment to the effect that the spoits he held in December next being negatived. It was decided that tlhe patrons and vice patrons, presidents and vice-presi dents, be the same as in 1888; also that the general committee consist of Captains Sadler, Gould, Croft, and Bennison, Ser geaut-Majar lBennell, Quarter-Master Sergeant Chapman, Sergeants Gow, Wake ham, Rawson, Woolley, Howe, Thomas, and Gurr, Corporal Mills, and Gunner Bain. Sergeant Gurr was appointed trea surer, and Sergeant-Major Welsh secretary. A parade of the Launceston Rifle Regiment will take place at the drill-yard at 7'0o'clock this evening. During the course of the evening the pay for attendance at'Camp will be distributed, after which the regiment will march out. SoMe curious, and at the same time very interesting, calculations as to the influenza and its cot in England hove been made by Mr A. H. Sinme, S.C.C., chief medical adviser of the Gresham Life' Assurance Society. Confining himself to England, he says he thinks it may be assumed that the insurance companies and friendly societies will have paid for increased mortality and increase of sickness not far short of .t1,000,000. This statement is based on facts which have come under his own im uiediato notice. The editor of Unity, the < rgan of the friendly societies, states that the two great orders have been pay ing .5000 per day, and the London District of Foresters alone has paid £300 per week for death claims, and the Hearts of Oak in one week in January had 8715 claims. In addition to this, the loss of earning power by loss of wages, disorganisation of busi ness and factories, cannot be much less than another £1,000,000, and the total cost is not unlikely to reach .3,000,000 before the epidemic finally disappears. Mr Smee believes that he is even underrating the case when he assumes that over 8 per cent. of the total population of Europe has been attacked. To-NIseO Miss Mary Reed will deliver a special lecture on "China and the Chinese" in the Milton Hall. The lecture, which will be illustrated by dissolving views, will be given in aid of the mission to the Chinese in this colony. 'l he hon.W. Hart, M.I,.C., is to preside on the occasion. To-NIoHT that decidedly cleverly arranged entertainment "D'Arcy Reed's Ghost," will open in the Pavilion, City Park. This entertainment was given in Tasmania some 12 years ago with great success. AN account from Tomsk describes (says a Berlin correspondent) the state of the Siberian prisons as something fearful, and gives the following figures, which speak for themselves. Tomsk, the seat of the the only university in Siberia, is at the same time the central depot of exiles. It posseeses a prison which can accommodate 761 men, reckoning for each one 4'8 cnbio feet of air. There is space for 490 healthy persons and 275 sick ones, but the number of exiles who arrived in Tomsk in 1886 was 16,184, of whom only 14,866 were trans ported further. In 1887 there arrived 14,277 i and in 1888, 15,014; and in 1889, ,up to September, over 12,000--of whom '13.522, 14,239, and 11,000 respectively were taken to the interior. In 1886 the average daily number of prisoners was at least 1313; in 1887, 11201 and in 1888, 1380. In some weeks these numbers increased in 1886 to 2955, in 1887 to 2755, and in 1888 even to 3020.men. Among these the daily average en the sick list was in 1866, 39L; in 1887, 512 (not less that 457 per cent.); and in 1888, 306, the majority suffering from typhoid fever. The official report says in a few words that for want of room hundreds of beds with patients suffering from seriousmaladies were placed in the open 'air, whilst tihe temperature was only 6 degrees Rdaumur (451 Fahrenheit). The mortality was of course enormous. Be tiveen 360 and 400 exiles are buried yearly fsm the Tomsk prison. TiIE Rev. G. Bourdillon, curate of St. John's Church, who was recently granted six months' leave of ab. sence, left this city by the s.s. Pateena yesterday en route to England. Mr Bourdillon was accompanied by Mrs Bourdillon. In the course of his sermon on Sunday last the rev. gentleman referred to his approaching absence, and spoke very warmly of the p.easant relations that had existed between himself and the congrega tion during his connection with St. John's. He trusted that matters would not stand still in connection with the advance of the Church, linut that there would be a con tinnous going forward both of the Church collectively and of individual Christians. He looked forward to a pleasant ro union on his return. Sasono Succr, who has already attained considerable notoricty in several con tinental ,towns by his prolonged periods of abstinence from food, has just (as appeared in our yesterday's cablegrams) concluded a fast of 40 days at ithe Westminster Aquarium, London. Signor Sueci is an Italian by birth, and was originally a bank clerk in Rome, Frequent travelling in Africa, Arabia, and Sonth America under circumstances of great privation familiars ised him with the practice of going with out food for many days in succeshion, and apparently induced him to adopt prolonged abstinence as a profession. In Milan, Paris, Madrid Barcelona, Ronen, Brussels, and other towns he has fasted in public for periods of 80 days, and his personal appear ance lends credulity to the statement that the fast has been in cach case rigidly ob served. Signor Secci does not, however, abstain entirely from every form of nourish. meit, as he makes usn of a liquid, said to be distilled from herbs, a few drops of which he takes with alkaline water once or twice a day. This Signor Sucei states is, however, only a preparation of laudanum which he takes to sooth the stomach when pain sets in, and has none of the marvel lous sustaining powers which. have been attributed to it. His last essay is the longest he has yet attempted, and he appears to have come out of it successfully. Signor Succi differs from other fasting men lik~i,Tanner and Merlatti, insomuch that during the whole period of his fast he takes continued exercise, and profeisoes that he is as strong at the end as at the be ginning of his fast. According to hin he pooseesses an electric force generated and controlled by his will which keeps him up, and that he absorbs electricity justasother persons do oxygen. ASPIaNzALL's ENAME PAINTre.--W are now opening largo assortment, almo gold paint., art:st', blsok, wood stains, a'.d every requIsite for fancy art palntiog. FAiNK HARI AND SoN, Bribnne'street. Tnn Masonil choir will meot at the hall at 7'15 sharp this evening." TIE Lodgs of Hope, 618 f ., will meet to.nrgh at te Masonial alf, at 7'30, when visitor, ae rarnlly 'nyeotd, PAnoroarre, orsans, harmonlums cornet, vlolins eta., ic. Time payment or disoonmt for oMnh.--WAisv Bios, eNu Bl;on?.n. 