BEATRICE. ? ? ? ! By Rider Haggard, Author of ' King Solomor's Mines,' ?' She,' ' Allan Quarter main,' ' Mr Meeson's Will,' ' Cleopatra,' &c.; %'j - ..OnAEiEit XVII. . . i .'j ; OGOFFItKY WINS HIS OA8B, Before tea o'clock on tho following morning, having already spent two hours over his briof, that ho had now thoroughly mastered, Geoffrey wna at his chambers, which ho had somo diffi cult; in reaohing owing to tho thiok fog that still hung over London, and indeed all England. To his surpriso nothing had been heard either of the Attornoy-Qeneral or of Mr Candleton. The solicitors were in despair : bnt he consoled them by saying that one or the other was sura to tnrn up in time, and that a few words wonld suffice to explain the addi tional light which had been thrown on the case. He occupied his half hour, however, in making a fow rangh notos to guide bim in tho altogether im probable event of his being called on to open, and then went into court. The csbb was first on the list, and there were a good many connsel ongaged on the other side. Just as the judge took his seat, the solicitor, with an expres sion of dismay, handed ueoffrey a telegram which had that moment ar rived from Mt Oandleton, It was dated from Calais on tho previous night, and Tan, ' Am unable to oross on account of thick fog. Yoa had better get somebody else in Parsons and Douse.' ' And we haven't got another brief prepared,'! said the agoniatd solicitor. What lB tnore, I cau hear nothing of tha Attorney-General, and his clerk does not seem to know where he is. You must ask for an adjournment, Mr Bingham ; yoa can't manage the case alnnn' : ' Very , well,' said .Geoffrey, and on the case being called he roB« and stated the circumstances to the court. But the court was crusty. It had got the fog down its learnod throat, and alto gether it did'nt seem to seo it. More over the other side, marking its ad , vantage,' objected' strongly. Tha wit nesses, brought at great expense were there ; his Lordship was there, tho jury was there ; if this case waa not taken there waB no other with «hioh they could go on, &o.;, &e.; The court took tho same view, and leotured Geoffrey severely. Every counsel in a case, the court remea ? bered, when it wae|at the Bar, used to be able to open that case at a moment's notice, and though things had, it im plied, no doubt deteriorated to a con siderable extent since thoBa palmy days, every counsel ought still to be prepared to do so on emergenoy. Of course, howover, if he, Geoffrey, told the conrt that lie was absolutely nnprepared to go on with the case, it would have no option bnt to grant an adjournment. r i 11 1 am perfectly prepared to go on ?' with it, my Iiord,' Geoffrey interposed calmly. -? 'Very well,' said the court in a mollified tone, ' then go on 1 I lhava no doubt that the learned Attorney General will arrive presently. Then, as it iB not unusual iu a pro bate Buit, followed an argument as - to who should open it, the plaintiff or the defendant. Geoffrey claimed that tliia . light dearly lay/ with him, and the op poiipg 'counsel rusea no great objec tion, thinking that they would do well to leave tho opening in the hands of a rather inexperienced man, who would very likely work his side more harm than good. So, somewhat to the hor ror of the solicitors, who thought with longing of the eloquence of the A.t ; i tornej- Goaeral, and the unrivalled ox perience'and 'finesse' of Mr' Oandleton, Geoffrey was called upon to open the ease for the defendants, propounding „:u He rose without fear or hesitation, and with but one prayer in his heart, that no untimely Attorney-General would put in an appearance. He had | „ i i '/got 1 his; Jihance, the chance for. which many able men have to wait long years, and he knew it, and meant to made the most of it. Naturally :a brilliant apeaker, Geoffrey was not, as «o many good speakers are, subjeot to fits of nervousness, and he wob more .. over, thoroughly master of his caBe. v' In five minutes judge, jury, and coun sel were all listening to him ; with attention ; in ten they were absorbed in the lnoid and succinot statement of the facts which he was unfolding to them. His ghost theory was at' first received with a smile, but presently 6Mnsel .,on the other side ceased to , swila ^d£isgi}n_ to look uneasy. . If ha couldiaove what be said there waB an end'to thdir case. When he bad bean speaking for about forty minutis one of the opposing counsel interrupted him with some remark, and at that moment he notioed that the Attorney Oenaral's clerk was talking to the solioitor beneath him. j ' Bother it, he is coming,' thought Geoffrey' j Bat no, the solioitor, binding for \- ward, informed him that the Attorney General had been UD-v.oidably de tained by some important Government matter, and had returned his brief, 'iW.ell, jve muatgeV on aaweioan,' Ueonrey saia. ; ' If yoa continue like that we shall get on very well,' wispered the soli citor, and then Geoffrey knew that he ? ,wa# doing well. ? - , ,,,, ' . ' Y es, Mr BingWm l' said lis Lord ahip. 1 Then Geoffrey want on with his statement. At lunch tinje, it was a question whether another 'lender should be briefed, Gqoffrev said that so far as he was concerned bo conld ' get on alone. He knew every point in the case, and he had got a friend to ' take a note' for him while he was ' speaking. After some hesitation tho solicitors decided not to brief fresh counsel, but 1 to leavo it entiroly in hiB hands. It would bo useless to follow this remarkable will suitj which lasted two days, and attraotod muoh attention. Geoffroy won it, and won it triumph antly. His address to the jury on tho whole caBe was long remombored in tho courts, rising as it did to a vory high level of foronsic oloquauco. Fow who saw it ovor forgot the Bight of hiB handsomo faco and commanding presence as he ornBhed tho case of his opponents like a oggshell, and then with calm and ovorwhelmiug force donounced the woman who with ber lover had concocted the cruel plot that robbed hor unclo of life and her cousinB bf their propetty, till at laBt, with out i strotched hand, he branded hor to the jury as a murderess. Few in that crowdod court havo for gotten £he tragic Bceno that followed, when the trembling woman, worn out by the long anxiety of the trial, and utterly unnervod by her acousor's brilliant iuvoctivo, roso from hor seat andcried; 1 ' We did it — it is true, it is true that wo did it to got tho money, but wo did not meon to frighten him to death,' and then fell tainting to tho ground—or Geoffrey Bingham's quiot words as ho sat down : ' Mj lord and gentlemen of tho jury, I do not think it necoesary to carry my case any further.'. There was no applause, the occasion was too dramatically solemn, but tho impreBBion made both upon the court and the outside public, to whom such a Bceno is peculiarly fitted to appeal, was deep and lasting. Geoffrey himself was under little delusion abont the matter. He had no conceit in his composition, but noithor had he any , false modesty. He merely accepted the situation aa really powerful men do acoopt such events — with thankfulness, but without sur prise. Ho had got his -eliance at last, and like any other able'Xaan'^ whatever walk of lifo may be, ha^nadljisen] tofit. That waa all. Most/ men cat sdob chances in Bomo shape W form, Srad are unable to avail themsel^esQ-f thorn. Geoffrey was one of the oxaopnons j as Beatrice had Baid, he war born' to suc ceed. & b he sat down, ho knew that he was a made man. And yot while he walked homo that night, bis earB still full of tha con gratulations which had rained in on him from ovory quarter, he was con scious of a certain pride. He will have felt as Geoffrey felt that night whoso lot it has beon to fight long and I s.ronuously against circumstances bo adverse aa to be almost overwhelming, knowing in his hoart that he was born to lead and not to follow ; and who at last by ono mental effort, with no friondly hand to help, and no friendly voice to guide, has succeeded in burst ing a road through tho difficulties which hemmed him in, and has sud denly found himself, not above com petition indeed, bnt still in a position to meet it. Ho will not have been too proud of that eudeavour ; it will have seomed but a little thing to him — a thing full of faults and imporfections, and falling far short of his idoal. He will not even have attached too great a weight to his success, because, if he is a person of this calibro, he must re member how small it iB, when all is said and done ; that even in his day thore are thoBo who can beat him on hiB own gronnd ; and also that all worldly success, like the most perfect flower, yet bears in it the elements of doony. But he will have reflected with humble satisfaction on those long years of pationt striving which havo at length lifted him. to on eminouco whence he can climb on and on, scarcely en cumbered by tho joBtling crowd ; till at longth, worn ont, the time comeB for him to fall. So Geoffrey thought and felt. Tho thing waB to be dono, and he had done it. Honoria should have money now ; she should no longer be able to twit liiro with their poverty. Yes, and a hotter thought still, Beatrice would be elad to hear of his little triumph. He reached homo rather late. Honoria waB going oat to dinner with a distinguished cousin, and wob already dressing. Geoffrey had declined the invitation, whioh was a short one. be cause ho did not think that ho would bo back from chambors in timo to avail himself of it. In his enthusiasm how over, he went to his wife's room to tell her of tho event. 'Well,' sho said, 'what have you been doing ? I think that you might have arranged to come out with me. It does not look well, my going out so much by myself. Ob, I forgot ; of course you are in (hat case.' ' Yes— that is, I was, I have won the case. Here is a vjiy fair report of it in the St James' Qazettc if you oare to read it.' ' Good heavens, Geoffrey 1 How oan vou oxpect me to read all that stuff when I am dressing ? ' i'I don't expeet you to, Honoria; only, as I say, I hare won the caso. and I shall get plenty of work now.' ' Will you 1 I am glad to hoar it ; perhaps we shall bo able to escape from this horrid fiat if you do. Thore, Anne 1 Je vous l'ai bieu dit, cette robe ne me va pas bien,' 'Mais, milady, la robe vn parfaite ment— — ' 'That is your opinion,' grumbled Lady Honoris. ' Well, it isn't mino. But it will have to do. Goodnight,. Geoffrey { I daresay that you will have gone to bea wnen I get dock, ana j she was gone. Geoffrey picked up his St James's', Gazette with a sigh. Ho felt hurt and knew that he was a fool for his pains/ Lady Honoria was not a sympathetic' person ; it was not fair to expect . it from her.' Still ho felt hurt;' He went upBtairs and heard Effie her.prayers, ' Where has you been; daddy ? — to the Smoky town 1 The Temple was Euphemistically known to'Effie as the Smoky Town. 'Yes, dear.' ] ' You go to the Smoky Town to make bread and buttor, don't you, daddy? ' ' Yes, dear, to mako bread and butter.' 'And did you make any, daddy?' ' Yos, Effie, a good deal to-day.' ' - ' Then whore is it 1 1n your pocket!' ' No, lovo, not oxaotly. I won a big lawsuit to day, nnd I shall get a great many pennies for it.' ' Oh,' answered Effie meditatively, ' I am glad that you did win, daddy. You do liko to win; doesn't you, daddy dear?' 'Yob, lovo.' ' Then I will give you a kiBS, daddy, because you did win,' and eho suited tho action to tho word, Geoffroy wont from tho little room with a softened hoart. , Ho dressed and ate some dinner. Then he sat down and wroto a long letter to. Boatrioo, telling her all about tho trial, and not sparing hor his reasons for adopting eaoh particular tactic and line of urgumont which con ducod to tho great roBalt. And though his letter was four shoots iu length ho know that Boatrico would uot bo bored at having to road it. — — — — — . ?? j 