DISTRICT NEWS. [Correspondent* are requested to fomard theif letters in time to reach the office net later than 2 p.m. on Tuesday.] GUNBAR. SATUBDAY, November 8. (FTTOM OUR OWN CORBESPONDENT.) This has been the warmest week we have had this season. Hot winds kept blowing for several rdays in succession, which though not intensely hot were enough for fat folks, for perspiring shearers, and those who are working among wool. To-day the sky is overcast, and the clouds wear a dull leaden hue, so probably rain is brewing. But such presaging gloom in the fore part of the day too often disappears in the afternoon when the sun bursts forth again in his glory and the portentous downpour proves a mockery. Very disappointing, but then we live in a worldof disappointments, c g„ bow many who ventured in " the late consultations in which were prizes ranging from £2000 down to £5, whose hope of drawing a substantia' sum burned high, but alas! the result proved otherwise. I have not heard that a single prize number has been drawn by any of the many who tried their luck hereabout. The Gunbar shearers' race events come off on Tuesday with eclat. A goodly muster of people collectei to enjoy the sports. There were four events. Mr. Ghas. Cos won the Shearers' Han- dicap, value £8, and Mr. S. Hill won the Maiden Plate. The Flying Handicap and the Consolation Stakes were well contested. Everything came off smoothly and satisfactorily, and credit is due to the stewards for their good management. Charles Kemp is a noted shearer. The way he manipulates a sheep, and the facility with which he ridp it of its jacket is something wonderful. On tbe last forenoon of the shearing at Gunbar station he put on a spurt, and in the space of four hours time putthrough his hands 101 sheep, all sham, I am told, to the satisfaction of tbe boss who was over the board. His usnal daily tally is 160 sheep, but sometimes he exceeded that number by 10. Yet even that large number does not beat the record. There was at Uerungle this season one of three brothers named Blewitt, who on one day of eight hours shore the large number of 217 sheep. They were light sheep. That feat was accomplished a fortnight before the cut out, and the fact that Blewitt was not shot, but shore all through, shows that his work was well done; so said my informant. It is almost incredible, however, that any man could go through Buch a number without cutting and skinning and leaving ridges of wool on tbe sheeps' backs. Ths locusts have become a veritable plague. They are numerous as the grains of sand on the sea shore, and are devouring all that lies in their way. During the last eight days vast armies have been on the warpath marching in a north- westerly direction. The grass and herbage in places has disappeared altogether, whilst in others it is quickly diminishing. Sad havoc has been made of gardens ; vines, with fine leaves broad as a man's hand, have gone and only green whip handles are left; even these have been barked and eaten through in places. Healthy fruit trees have been bereft of their foliage, and now look the ghosts of their former selves. Vegetables, carrots, parsnips, green peas, lettuce, flowers, and even beds of pungent onions, have taken wings and fled. The Chinaman here, who is dependent on biB garden as the only source of revenue, has had it devastated by the combined attack of locust and rabbit. Mr, Hillman saved his vines by placing sheets of iron all round. The vast army of locusts on coming up pelted themselves against the iron, which sounded as if dry peas had been dashed. Mr. Pearce saved his garden by fixing sheets of calico around, then by strewing rags saturated with kerosene, which being lit served to give the dense mass the wheel about and to make them hop off quicker than they came. Those who have crops to cut are at it with all their might and main before the pest relieves thorn of ths trouble. Some crops will not be worth cutting. Window blinds and curtains and clothes have had to be taken down and put away put of reach of these devourers, which swarm into every room and comer and have the impudence to hop into bed with you. Mrs. M'Farlane has had her blinds perforated and her mosquito curtains riddled like a colander, to the great delight, I suppose, of that sing-song disturber of the peace, which, assassin like, bleeds you when asleep. A gentleman from the Lachlan informed me that their onward march was stayed by the river, and for a chain breadth on the left bank their density baffleddescription.in places several inches tnicK, and could be scouped up in bucketfuls. Around here several wells have got polluted by them. They came so suddenly and in such swarms that people were taken by surprise, nor could one guess they would have suicided in such millions as they have done by leaping into wells. Their dead bodies, too, emit a most repugnant stench. Tbe water in these wells ia unfit to drink, and should not be used, even though boiled, till they have been pumped out. L h w W f k8 , Lea & r a miter blames New South Wales for the locusts that devastate Victoria. He says they breed here first and then migrate across the Murray, which foolish remark is on a par with one made by Mr. Dibbs, It ia not our own rabbits, remember, we have to cope Enm fw ey T of Victorian lineage ,• they hS from that colony." But if they had been planted here first wouldn't they have found their way into Victoria years ago? To-day and yesterday the march of locusts is thinner 