&XG; AD BRIM'S NEW YOHR | tETIEB. 1 Since the world began never wag euch • 6uit catered in a ci.ur-t of law as that threatened by Mike Duffy, the boodle Informer, against John Ksenan, who bus just returred after six years of exile in Canada., and who is said to be the man who disturbed old Jake Slurpe'e seven hundred and fi.ty thousand dollars among the boodle thieves. Keel an, it is saiil, made Shurpe, believe that ttie thieves would co-t fifty thousand each. Mike Duffy of Duffy ville, only-got ten thousand, and he save Keenan pocketed forty thousand dollars of the money he hum-«tly earned by selling his vote. II what Duffy says is true, Keenan must have pocketed at least half a million, and he had n t vote to sell. He was the man, it is said, who was expected to divide the plunder. 2ic one of the booclera got fifty thousand dol lars, except one Alderman, aud it was said that he only secured it at the point of the pistol when lie discove ed bow they swindled him. Now Duffy appeals to the courts to get hiin the other forty thousand dollars of his plunder. He says he is poor and that his character is damaged, and his busincsB is ruined, I don't know as to bis poverty, or the condition of his business, but I am willing to certify under oath, that his character is damaged, aud very badly damaged at that. In fact, so badly damaged that il is beyoDd the hope of repair. We certainly occupy a Tory humiliating and disgraceful position before the world. A lot of self-exiled convicts—self exiled from a e^uee of there own guilt, walking our streets unwhippei? of justice, free men, boned to, and siiaken bands with, by judges, prosecuting aCtorae.'S and other public officers, while tbey flaunt in the eyes of our plundered citizens, the damning evidences of their infamy and gui:t Mike Duffy has our best wisbt-s for getting all that he deserves. We know what we wish—but no matter. It is with a sense or degradation that we touch this political carrion, who, when the other boodler's crimes are forgotten, will lire in our criminal annals as the most monumental example of brazen, shameless infamy that the nineteenth century or any other that preceded it has produced. A memorable holiday occurred this week which recalls a world of terrible recollections. It was the 12th of July and was celebruted by an OraDgemen's parade. And here let me re mark '' en passant" that there is nut a city on the face of the globe where an Orangeman is as safe to cclehraie the battle of the Boyne, as in this, the greatest Irirh city in the world. Kiueteen years ago the Orangemen got ready for their parade, and notice was sent to the Mayor, Oakey Hall, that the celebration would be stopped at all hazards. The Mayor im mediately notified the Orangemen that they must nut parade as it was likely to disturb the peace of the city. An indignation meet ing was called by ourcitizenB who immediately telegraphed to the Governor, John T. Hoffman at Albany, who ordered the procession to pro ceed and commanded the militia to protect them. The procession mas attacked on Sixth "venue, and the fighting became general and lasted o-H the afternoon. When night ft 11, one hundred «nd twenty-aix lay dead in the streets, and it was estimated that there were a thousand wounded. The lesson was a wholsomeone. It taugiit the turbulent element that there could be no inonoply of our stree'.s by any sect or party—that they were free alike to all, and that right would be main tained if it cobt the life of every man in the city. And that was the reason that the 12th of July was a quiet day in Sew York. We have been having all sorts of weather. On Tuesday the thermometer was up to 100 degrees and on Thursday morning it fell to 56 degrees. I am so glad I was not at some watering place or roasting in a boarding house in the country. Home is good enough for me. Sour grapes ? So sires. I dread the period when the dog star rages, when cliurches are closed, and ministers go out of town. It seems as if the Evil One was lying around loose for just sucli a time as this, and I begin to realise that striking verse in 2nd Peter, " For your enemy the Devil goeth about like a roaring lion seeking whom be ma} devour." At such a time as this our spiritual fences are weak, and the Arch enemy knows it. I don't know why, but it seems as if our colored brother and sister were particu larly expo»ed in this dangerous season. Few men are better known here in colored religious circles than the Bev. Israel Derrick. Hi o her Derrick is not only an eloquent preacher of the Gospel but he is also recognised as an able Republican cam, aign speaker, and it was said that owing to Brother Derrick's effort on the stump, which kept the colored contingent in 1 he straight and narrow path, B^iij.uiin Hanison was indebted for h s comfortable seat in the White House. This fact was so thoroughly recognized by the powers "hat be, that when the campaign was ended and the victory won, Brother Derrick was offered the Consular Agency to Liberia, aud he might have been Minister of Hayti if Mr. Blain had not insisted on sending the Hon. Frederick Dangles on that important mission. Brother Derrick got a tip from headquarters at Washington thnt there was a possibility of Mr. IJlain's retirement from the Cabinet, and he thought that he might, in his own proper person, exemplify the grand possibili ties of the colored ra<e. He is a gentle man of high literary attainments, has been a college professor, and might hare been a bishop if some of the wicked members of the conference had not spread a report that be did not pay his detts. When I say ihat in addition to bis other qualifications he lias teen a rewpaprr man, I feel (list his character needs no further endorsement On the north shore of Jj-ng Island facing the Sound is the beautiful village of Northpoi t—a quiet, dreamy old pl:»ee and quite a summer re.-oit for a few old time families, who spied out the iand Ions t years ago, before the island was vexed »ith railroads or ruined by electric lights, and tele phones, telegraphs, and all sich outlandish _ ji«*iniarees. There is quite a largeand highly * respectable colored population in mid aiound here made up of stylish coachmen, Iieai waiters, house servants, and otlieis who are regarded as the ereme de la creme of colored society in these parts. Brother Derrick dis covered that while iheso. icty «as ii's-elas«, they were wofully short of otosj el pr.vileges, end he resolved io build ap tlie fiist .African Methodist Church of Northport. There w no doubt that the colored sinmrs of Ko>thport r.-alized tlieir awful situation, forthe moment Brother Derrick l-.id his plat s befoie them, saints and sinneis alike, most hea tily entered into them. But religion needs money as well as more carnal under'akings, and a meeting of the brethren-and sisters was called to consider the wuys and means to raise the wind. Anions the outtide visitors to Nutthport was Peny Smith, from Huntington, hlack as coal, hut a deacon and a good exliorter. Sister Gr- aharw hud come over fiont Stnithtov. n and was a soprano of great power and fine cultivation, and in her pink diess with blue iihbo>:s aud a love of spring hat a vision of loveliness that any nice colored mail wtiose he:ut was un occupied would certainly like <o look upon tw'ce. When a proposition was made f r a church fair and a concert, Sister Graham with a liberallity that did hei credit voluuieered io sing "I Dreamt I Dwelt in Marble Ha'Is" nnd "As we wandered by the Hillside." No sooner hid she said this than Deacon Smith rushed up exclaiming, " Oh, Sister Graham, how I lul s ye," threw his arms around h< r neck and em planted a kiss on each of her rosy no ih .t !■» not exactly the figure 1 wunteJ—on eaeli of her—her,—well, her cheeks. To sny 1 Juit the cl urch was scandalized gives you bi.t a faint ides <>f what actually did take place. Miss G-iaham broke away aud gave the deacon a it)it bander oil the eye. Deacon Smi:h's> wife teeing her husbaud go dov u, aud nut ki.on in:j the cense of the ubuU sailed into Min Orvhaui, a: d in exactly five seconds by the, wutch she relieved Miss Graham of two handful* of hair and the beat part of her bodice and iskirt. Smith's motheriu-law, who saw it all, flung her daughter off under the seat*, and caught the deacon a pastor which laid him out on the floor; by this time the entire congregation hud taken sides and struggled into the street when a number of citizens rushed in and the battle was ended. Brother Derrick was disgusted, and he pro posesto leave these Northport colored heathens to J heir fate. Dexcon Smith says that he aiu ! to blame, for he wuz urged by de eperit, dat he couldn t resist, and dat de sister hop* nootized him. This to me seems entirely 'alid and perfectly in keeping with the latest discoveries of science. I've felt that thing several times myself, and know its true. Deacon Smith's wife don't believe it and his mother-in-law don't believe it. She Bays it is pure cussedne.* and de debble ; perhaps, it is. It really looks as though Satan was at the bottom of it, for it has raised—well, no matter what. In Northport colored society has all gone to pieces, and that's why I am sorrv that the churches are closed and the ministers are gone. fashionable society received a sensation last week in Brooklyn which was quite enough for all practical purpose*, with the I hermometer little slior' of a hundred. For several months past a da-hing young swell has been paying his addresses to one of our society belles. He bad quite a distingue foreign air and lots of grand cash, and it was whir-pered among the favored few th.:t he was a distinguished noble man in disguise, and that he was actually related to the Lord knows who. That settled it, for if there is anything that the elite of New York and Brooklyn really lore it is a lord. His clothes were all of the latest cut and finest, goods, and he drove a pair of stylish blacks that could do their mile in 2 36, Every thing went on swimmingly till this week when cards went outforthe wedding. There was Quite a struggle for invitations, and Snobdom nearly had a fit when the prospective bridegroom w as arrested on Wednesday for grand larceny. He had been robbing boarding-houses for months, and when he was arrested he bad a pocketful of pawn tickets of the stolen plunder. His stylish team, which everybody, the bride included, thought was his own, belonged to a livery stable where the nice young man had a nicc little bill of one hundred and eighty dollars The shock was like the bursting of a bombshell. The bride took to her bed, and is dangerously ill. The young man lies in jail awaiting the action of the grand jury. Milord's friends have ail disappeared, and you can't find a man in Brooklyn who ever knew him except through the newspapers. Speaking of Brooklyn, there ia a church going up there now on the corner of Clarke and Henry-stre. ts, not a stone's throw from old Plymouth, and just one block from where the great Plymouth pastor died, which might well be called one of the seven wonders of the spiritual world. It is being erected by ,ca".SMSation of the old Sands-street , e' odist Church which stood nearly opposite the enhance to the great Bio .klrn bridge. Shade of John Wesley, spirit of Summerfield, ghost of Parscn Bangs, what a church » Why .f the m*<ter ? l8U't it ilalldsome? A,-' yes, there is nothnig to coul|)are wilh it j Brooklyn or New York, or I might rtiS?'r rC eJSe" As t0 lUe s'vle 1 approach it with tear and trembling, for I fear I am getting luto deep water and I mlght put n.y be Byzantine, but U is not. Tou could call it conglomerate, but if you did you would make a mistake, and Tere 10 ex,m,U6t nomenclature of architecture you would find no other that would describe it, for there are Gothic pillars wi.h done bases and Corinthian capitals, ionic faencea, cheveions, crenelated mould ings, festoons, foliations, Gyna reversas entablatures, buttrea.es, Gargoyles, Lanunais, Del ices, &c.;, &0\. Ihe effect is bewildering, the more so as it illustrates the difference be en ancient and modem Methodism I will remember the old Methodist church in New Haven, where the Lion of the Tribe of Judah, Na;han Bangs, of bh-ssed memory, used to pieach. 1 he sight of the necklace, or earrinug, or bracelets was just pizen to him, and a com mon country dance was enough to d.ive him into a galloping coneump:ion. There was no modem frippery or foolishness about Brother Bangs Wlm he denounced sin he iumpid on the devil Ukea pile driver, and made things warm for old Satan and all those who apposed of hia doings. Ihere was no freizee nor cheve ri.ons nor baidac-iims about, that old meethi" house. The pews werest.aight backed, with out cushions, a wicked modern invention fo ( make rich and comfortable believe they were on the road to Paradise without suffering and repentance. A o, sir, nothing of that sort Ii * sl,?e etree* "of a stone throw from old \ale College and while I hey were singin Greenland s Icy Mountains at Cenire Church you could hear Parson Bangs giving out the Doxoiogy on Temple street. Ihe Sands street church of Brooklyn was very much likf that, ju>t such a plain, unpre tentious building as was put up by (he prac tical fathers of Methodism fifty or sistv vear« ago. When ,h3 bridge was Completed7 the removal of the church became a necessity aIlcj it was bought by the bridge Corpo.anon.' the Sends street Methodic Church receiving enough for the old and ruined meeting hou e to put Up the present splendid edifice. Do not understand me as finding fault, for the t.uiirt. i«g, when finished, will be one of the richer ornaments of the city of churches. It ,t had had been a Catholic church or Ef>i-C<*pa church I should not have been eurpiised -hut as an exemplar of modern Meihodism it is certainly u revelation, and I'm inclined to think with Brother Snow, "Stiu osyeiiv de worl do u»otp.s* Sorowful indeed was the scene enacted in on-of <>,»• local courts in the adjoining county of Queens List week, when Judge Robeii Hunt ting was sentenced by one of his former associates to States Prison at hard labor for nine years lor the crime of grand larcenv. On the bench were the men he had grown m, with from boyhood, around him were th« lawyers ha had been associated with all his life, befoie l)lm sat his Weeping w;fe aml worse than orphaned children. He was a church number and superintendent of ihe feunday school, and his high repu'at.ion for pi. ty procured i ini the trust of several estate* He robbed them all, «nd left the widows and orphans paupers. His .-rimes were so pUin and flngratii tl at he did not even stand t.ial ba pleaded guilty at once. It was a bhte trial for his life long friend, the Judge, j0 sentence bie old associate,- but with Soman , firmne-s he ro*e equ»l to the task, „n , g wasca,,iedlo his living | Dick Crocker the Tammany boss, has left us and depart, d will, his enfjre faillilj fol ^e steamer 1 f?® 'he "hen the steamer 1. ft, ana as a usual thing <l)e Grand Sachems and magnates of Tammany do not woo the ea.ly morning breeze*, e*CeJ .TwEr". ' CC';S,0nP> whe" fch^ haven't been to l ed the nigl t before. It was a great and repr.sen-a.ive g„hermg, 8nd sllo%J mis aki ably tiie es imation in which the great Sagamore wns he:d. Jin.my Carroll, P^dv whea, Mikey Henneasy, Phil. McCarty, DoodV Cronin, ana hundreds of others gathered on the d. parang steamer; most of them had sot up all night, so as not to be late, and were reP»ir- The floral offerings filled the three staterooms and overflowed info the cah,„ liox.8, bunrK«, and dim.Johns mnuinerable were ..mong the gifts, enough to tupply,« regiment with creature couiforie for a month. A handsome floral ship with a card on the stern, on which was inscribed the following delicate eei.tunent:—" From old frene. The anker is wade, Fairwell! Fair well !" It was touching. A demijohn of old Blue Grass Rye was labelled " Remember mee, Phil." At the very last moment the great statesman's baggage had not arrived, eo l<e started for Europe with what he had on hie back. 