THE NEW YEAR'S PROMISES. The new year eame with a bounding step, Jovial, lusty, full of glee ; With tho brazen rhymes of the ohureh-bcll chime?, Like an eager crowd exultingly, Hurried along- on the cold crisp air, To herald his birth to theo and me. He stood beside us fair and young1, He laid his warm hand upon mine : Our hearth glow'd bright with a cheerful light, And our eyes lit up with a keener shine, As wo raised u goblet brimming- o'er, And pledged him in the ripe red wine. I know not if tho merry guests Heard the word I hat I could hear ; If on that morn when ho was born They held communion with the Year ; But this I know, he spoke to me In lowsweet accents, silver clear : — 1 My sire,' quoth he, ' is dead and gone ; He served Ihee ill or served thee well, But only did as he was bid ; Thou wart the master of his spell ; He took his character from thee— Most willing and most tractable. ' Such is my promise : weigh its worth ; If tltou-lt be sad, I'll help thee sigh : If tbon wilt piny thy life away, What friend shall aid thee more than I ? Whato'er the colour of thy mind, I'll wear it for my livery. ' If thou' It bo busy, I will toil, And aid the work that thou hast plann'd ; If thou wilt quaff, or jest or laugh, Mine h.mrs shall waste at thy command ; If thou'lt endeavour to be wise, I'll aid thy soul to understand. 1 Do ?« ith me as you wilt, gond friend ; I'll be thy slave in time to bo, But when I pass— whate'er 1 was— I am the master over thee. My father's ghost inspires my words ; Take heed ! — make friends with Memory. '.To-morrow and To-day I'm thine, But all my Yesterdays mis-spent Shall live as foes to thy repose, And clog thy spirit's free accent ; Pursue theo when thoukuow'st it not, And haunt theo to thy detriment.' Tho New Year's face was calm mid sad : His words still floated through my brain ; AVhon the guests around with joyous sound Gave him a welcome once again ; ' May ho be better than the last ! ' Was aye the burden of their strain. And the New Year's face grew Iright as ours ; Friends, kinsmen, lovers, true and tried, We form'd the prayer that Heaven might spare Our hearts lo bless him when ho died ; And thus we ushered the t^ew Year in, — And welcom'd him to our fireside. 