DRAMATIC NOTES. The last night of Mr Hann King's season, for the present, at the Lyceum Theatre, took place on May 31, when "Olivia" was performed, Mr Irving playing the "Sir of 'Wakefield Mr. William Jones being again Squire Thornhill, and Miss 1 Hen Terry acting the heroine As is customary, the closing night of the season was set apart as a' benefit" to Miss Berry. On June 1, of the Philharmonic Hill, Liverpool, Mr Irving and Miss Fern were to have started a series of eleven reading from "Macbeth," with selections, by a full orchestra, of Mr Arthur Sullivan's music to the tragedy 1 rout Liverpool Mr Irving and. Misilerrv were soprano I at Manchester, Haul, A Bradford Birmingham, Sheffield, Glasgow, Dundee, and S Edinburgh, the tour terminating in the latter city on June 21 The first London roping was announced to take place, at St. James's Hall, on June The Licotlm is being occupied during Mr In man's patience by Mr. Augustin Dnli'iiohipairv of comedians who, on June 10, commenced ten Away 9' season of contemporaneous comedy" in " Casting the Boomerang " " Marjorie," the new English comic .Dpern.v.hich has been purchased for Australia by Messrs Williamson and Garner, is the composition of Mr. A after Slaughter, a graceful musician and an accomplished conductor It is now being acted at the Prince of W ales' i Theatre, where it has passed its fourth consecutive o performance by the Carl Rosa Light Opera Company. The principal parts in the London east arotikmbv Mr Hayden Coffin, Mr Hum Monkhouse, Mr Joseph 'Tapley, Mr Henri AeMov, Miss .mullí D'orville, Miss Phyllis Broughton, and Mnflamo Amadi At Terry's Theatre, Mr Jeremal«. Jerome's farcical comedy, "Now Lamps for Old, was, on May I, played for the BOth "me, under the direction of Miss Cissy Grahame, win his Consedine theatre for the period of Mr Edward Terry's absence from London lbsenism is bursting forth afresh in London this season Mrs Ewing Winslow, who has been cure prevented by Henrik Ibsen for preaching the new tram line faith in america is to read several of his plays in London this season. The works selected! are ' The Pillars of Society, " A Doll's House," " An Enemy of the People," and " The Lady from the Best " The same writer's "Ghosts" is to be translated into French under the hire of a' Los Revenants," and placed at the The. Uro Libre- not a regular theatre in Paris An attempt to get miMiC tipper for a performance of an English version of this piece in London some time ago resulted in failure. The profits of successful authorship now-a-days acorn to increase rather than decrease with the enormous increase in the number of competitors for public favour. Mr Hodgson Burnett his recieved up to the present time, the American rights alone of her beauty it is play of "Little Lord 1 authoress " no less a sum than £17,000 If to this were added her profit on the place in England and Australia, and the price di of the enormous sales of the novel upon which it was founded, the amount obtained for this happy inspiration would doubtless seem quite startling An adaptation of warden's long forgotten farce, "Les Femmes de Voisin " (lSGl), by Mr. James Mortimer, and called " Queen's Counsel' was brought out at the Comedy Theatre on May 4, and failed signally. It suffered from various cause' on the first night First, the warm weather, next, the military of the audience to catch the exact point of the author's story owing to some line or explanation having been omitted by a nervous artist, thirdly, lnsnfbcieJit rehearsals, and, last, the introduction of incidents and suggestions which are not very palatable just now. Dr. Bill," a successful farcical comedy now running at the Avenue theatre, will be the first prove to be presented at the newly-erected Madison-square Garden Theatre, in New York, in September next The building in which the theatre is situated in a very remarkable one It occupies, in the heart office of- city, as And of positioning the New Opera House in Paris and has in addition to the theatre a vast amphitheatre with a movable, roof for horso- ndingporformrmus and promenade concert, a concert hall with a garden on the roof The amphitheatre is about to open with promenade concerts, at which Herr Strauss's band from Vienna will perform The cost of the building has been about £600,000. Mr. Samuel French, the well-known theatrical publisher, and his son and partner, Mr 1 Henry French, are the managers The new Tivoli Music Hall, situated in the Strand, on the south side, was opened for the first time on Tiny 24 The tendency to build new places of amusement on the south side of the Strand will greatly increase the difficulty of ever widening this most important thorough fare Until quite recently it seemed to be an accepted article of faith that every place of onterinuimenkshouid have that " southern aspect " which auctioneers are so careful to refer to in advertising residential properties the little Strand Theatre was for many years the only theatre on the other side of the war, but now there are ferry. Bond the Tivoli both in the i or narrowest part of the road While play houses are thus multiplying in this particular spot, in Holborn, which is an equally central thoroughfare they have completely died out The house variously known as the Holborn, the Mirror, and the Duke's, has long since been absorbed in the First Avenue Hotel, and now the old Holborn Amphitheatre, otherwise the Alcazar and the Connaught, has, like the Queen's Theatre In Long-acre, not far distant, been converted into a large retail co oporamofitoro The "actor-manager" controversy is continued with vigour in the June number of the " Fortnightly Review" Mr BeerbohmTroo, witholnbor-tocynicism ventures to enter into the arena of argument, even at the risk of being accused of accuracy-that forlorn hope of the unimaginative " Mr. Oswald Crawford, before the words are scarcely out of his opponent's mouth, replies with sledge hammer Barcnsni, that until I had read Mr. Tree's defence I was not rrrs sol t aware that the actor-managers case was so exceedingly weak, and so they go at it " hammer and tonga," the actor manager controverting matters that were cover in dispute, the critic sticking to his guns and eloquently pleading, in the public interest, for at least one theatre that shall be out of the control of the actor or actress When Mr Beerbohm Tree asserts ess cathedral that "in the fight against com nationality it is the public who are on the side of progress," and " That the play which is pronounced to be above their heads will be sure of support at the hands of a large and daily increasing coram much," he may be remarked that assertion is not argument. The fate of "The Profligate" scarcely borne out this statement But why should Mr Beerbohm Tree, who " risks being accused of accuracy," with scant ceremony fling Mr. Augustus Harris out of the actor-managerial ring ? He accepts Sheridan as an actor which he was not-and rejects Mr Augustus Harris, a he made his first appearance on the stage at the Theatre Royal, Manchester, na Malcolm, in a revival of Man both" in 1873, who distinguished himself as Henry Greenlands In is Pink Dominoes," at the Criterion Theatre In 1877, and has often appeared as a melo- dramatic here during his m__3gem6_t of Drury- lane. In the new number of the " Nineteenth Century," the same subject is discussed by competent authorities Mr. Bram broker leads off with a lengthy and instructive article, and is followed more briefly by Mr Henry Irving and Mr. Charles Wyndham Mr Irving "says as" I make no attempt to argue the question as to the right and proper people to become manager- of theatres That is a matter which the public decide for themselves. I speak from an experience of over thirty years, and of this country only. and I can say, without hesitation that the managements which have benefited and advanced our calling and have added vastly to the intellectual recreation of the people, have been those of actors " Mr. Wyndham regards (ha " indictment " against actor-manager as " the market windbag," and " doubts the ingenuousness of the pretended zeal for the drama from which it is alleged to issue." 