BEATRICE. By Rider Haggard, Author of 'King Solomon's Mines,' ?« She,' ' Allan Quartsrmain.' ' Mr Mason's Will,' ' Cleopatra,' &c.; IObaneb XXIII. A DATTO OF BAIN. I That crash of tha closing door did not awake Beatriea only ; it awoke both Elizabeth and Mr Granger.' ' Eliza beth sat np in bed straining her eyeB through the glrom to see what had happened. They fell on Beatrice's bed — anreiy— snreiy— Elizabeth s ipped np, oat-like she crept across the room and felt with her hand at the bed. Beatrice wa* not there. She sprang to the blind and drew it, letting in suoh light as there wmb, and by it searohed thi» room. She ?poke: ' Beatrice, where are yon?' No answer. ' Ah— h,' said Elizabeth alond: ' I understand. At lost— at last 1' TTTL _* .1 ? 1 J A. Jn9 SltnilM nhn VYUOIBUUUIUOUO go and call her father and put them to sa open BbameP No. Beatrice must come back some time. The knowledge was enough ; she wanted tbe know ledge to use if necessary. She did not w.li in rnifl har RlafcAr linlfifiB in Self* defence, or rather, 'for the* canse of ?elf-advancement. Still less did she ' wish to injnro: Geoffrey, against whom ?he had no grndge. So she peeped along the passage, then returning, crept baok to her bed like a, Bnake into a hole and watched. ' Mr Granger, hearing the crash, thonght that the front door had blown j open. Bising, he ; lit a candle and went to see. But of all this Geoffrey knew noth ing, and Beatrice naturally less than nothing. She lay : senseless in bis arms, her head rested ou'his shoulder, her heavy hair streamed down his side almost to his knee. He lifted her, tonched her on tho forehead with bis lips and laid ner on me oea. *y not wsn iu uc uuuo i Bring her baok to life ? No, he dared not — not here, While Bhe was thus . her helplessness protected her ; but if once more ahe was a living, loving woman here and so— oh, how should they esoape 1 He dared not tonch her or look towards her — till he had made up his mind. It was soon done. Here ?he must vot bide, and since of herself ?he could not go, why he must take her now, this moment. However far Geoffrey fell short of virtne's stricter standard, let this always bo remembered in his favour. He opened the door, and aB he did ?o, thought* that he. heard someone Ftirnug iu .mo uuuop. auu ou uo did ; it' was Mr Granger in: the sitting room. ; iiHearing.no more, Geoffrey con cluded . (bat it . was the wind, and turn ing, groped his way to the bed where Beatrice lay as still as death. For one moment a horrible fear strnck him that she might be dead. He had beard of cases of somnajibalists who, on being startled from their nnnatnral deep, only wokft'to die. It might be so with her. hurriedly : be placed his hand upon- her bieust. Yes, her heart Btirred— faintly indeed— but still it stirred. Sbo bad only Bwooned. Then he set his teeth, and placing his arms about her, lifted her as though she were a babe; rBeatrice was no slip of a girl, but a well. grown woman of fall size. Ho never felt her weight ; it seemed nothing to him. Stealthily as one bent m)'- midnight mnrder, he Btepped with her to the door and throngh it fsage. Then supporting arm, he closed the door hand. Stealthily in the led alon^ the corridor, his (nto/n&tipiBe; upon the tmyhe - raaohed . the- bi iage leading from the l up it apprehensively, and froze the blood in bis veins, for, then coming down it, not eight paces frin him, was Mr Granger holding a candtViQ 'his hand,' What' was to be done7\To get back to his roomwaa inipOBatffk^ roach tbat of Beatrice was also ^possible. With an effort ho collects, hia thoughts,1 and like a flash of light^t, pa8SBd into his mind tliat' the ompty\oom waa not two paces from himj A l^ide and he had reached it. Ob,. wbeK* was the handle 1 and oh, if the room\oni j bo locked 1 By a merciful chancCjt was not,(:;He stepped thringh tho\\-joori knocking :Bcatrice'a feet againsUhe^ framework as he did so, closed it^t0 (hot it he had no time— and stota gasping behind it. _ - . . v The ' gleam '' 'of ' light drew nsarer. . aeroiini powers l no ; nan ; - Deen^seen-r the old man was coming. .in,. What conld he say 1 Tell thetrath, that was all ; bntwho wonld ' believe sn'oh' a storey 7 why, it was one tbat be could scarcely bare to advance in a court ot law. Gould he expect a father to be lieve it— a f&thnr; findinir a man crouohed like a thief behind a door at therdead of hight with his lovely daughter senseless in his arms?.-. He had,alfeady thought of goiag straight to Mr Granger, bat had abandoned the idea as hopeless. Who wonld believe .this tale of eleep-walking? For the ficst'time in bis life Geoffrey felt terri bly afraid, both for Beatiice and him ? ieif; the hair rose on his head; his heart stood still ; and a cold perspira tion Btarted' on to his face. ' It'a very odd,' he heard the old mull mntlai. i. himDalf ? (I T nnnU nl most awear that I saw something white go into that roomi. Where's the handle) If I believed in ghosts— hnllo I my candle has blown out 1 1 must go and hnnt for a match. Don't quite like going in there withont a light,' For a moment thoy were saved. The fierce draaght rnshing through the open crack of tho door from the ill fitting window hod extinguished the candle. Geoffrey waited n few seconds to al low Mr Granger to reach his room, \- and then once more itarted on hig aw* ful journey. He passed ont of the room in 1 safety ; happily Beatrice showed no signs of recovery. A few nninir ainnn nnri h n was afc her own door. Aiid now a new terror seized him. What if Elizabeth was also walking the honso or even, awake ? tie thought of putting his burden down at the door ; and loaving her there, but aoannonea mo iuou. xo uugiu mm, her fothor .might see her, and then how. could her presence bo accounted for? or if he did not, she would certainly suffer ill effects from the cold. No, he mast risk it, and at onoe, though ho would rather have faced a battery of guns. Tho Joor. forr.unately, was ajar Geoffrey pushed it wi'h his foot, entered, and with his foot pushed itto ncrain. Suddenly he remembered that he had never been ia the room, and did not know whioh bed belonged to Beatrice, He walked to the nearest; a deep drawn breath told bim that it was tho wrong ono. Drawing some faint consolation from the fact that KlizabotU was evidently asioop, do gropeu nis way to tne seuuuu bed throngh tho deep twilight of tho room. . The clothes were thrown back. He laid Beatrice down and drew thorn over bar, Thonboflod. As bi reached tha door he saw Mr Groiiger'B light vanish into hiB own room and heard his door olose. After that it seemed to him that he took but two steps and was in his own place. He bnrst out langhing ; there was as much hysteria in the luugh as a man indulges ia. His nerves were shattered by straggle, love and fear, and sought relief in ghastly merriment. Somehow I the whole scene reminded him of one in a comic opera. There was a ludi crous side to it. Sapposing that bis political opponents, who already hated I him so bitterly, could have seen him i slinking from door to door at midnight with an nnconeciouB lady in his armB —what wonld they have said 1 He ceased laughing ; the fit passed — indeed it was no laughing matter. Then lio thought of the first night of their strange communion, that nighl before he had returned to London, The soed sown in that strange hour had blossomed and borne frnit indeed. Who would have dreamed it possible that he should thus have drawn Beatrice to him? ; Well, he ought to have known. If it was possible that the words whioh ffoated through her mind conld arise in hia las they had done upon that night, what waB not possible ? And were there not other words, written by the same raaster-haad, which told of snoli things as these : — ' ' Now—,' the door is heard j ! Hark, the etaira .' and near — ' Nearer — and here — . 4 Now ! T and at call the third, She enters vithont a word. T Like the doors of a casket shrine, See on either side, Her two arms divide Till the heart hotwiit makes sign, ?'?Take me, for I am thine.' First, I will pray. Do Thou That ownost the soul, Yet wilt grant control To another, nor disallow For a time, restrain me how ! ' Did not they ron thus ? Oh, be should have known I This he could | plead, and this ' only— that control had boon granted to him. But how would Beatrice . faro ? Wonld she coma to herself safely 1 He thought so, it was only a fainting fit. But when she did recover, what would she do? Nothing rash,, he prayed, | And what could bo the end of it all? Who might say ? How fortunate thi.t tbe sister had bein so sound asleep. Somehow he did not trust Elizabeth— he fear, d her. Well might he fear her I Elizabeth's sleop was that ot a weasel. Sbe too was laughing at this very moment, langhing, not loud, but long— the laugit of one who wins. Sho had seen him enter, his burden ia his arm's ; had seen him come with it to her own bedside, and breathed heavily to warn him of his mistake She had watched him put Beatrioe on anrl ),;m nr,r! I Urn a'.vay ; nothidg had escaped her. As soon as he was gone, sbe bad risen ami crept up to ' Beatrice, and finding that she was only in a faint had left tier to rcoovcr, knowing her to be in no dauger. Elizabeth was not a nervous poreon. J.nen bus uaa usieuea uu ai length a deep sigh told her of the return of her sinter's consciousness. After this there was a paaBe, till pre sently Beatrice's long soft breaths showed that she had glided from swoon toaleep. The slow night wore away, and at length the cold dawn crept through the window. Elizabeth still watching, for sbo was not willing to lose a single scene of a drama so entrancing in it self and bo important to her interests, Baw her sister suddenly sit up in bed .press her hiinds to her forehead a\tho\igh she was striving to recall a dr^m. -v Then' Beatrioe covered her eys\ with 'her hands and groaned heaviij. Next she looked at ber watohVr0Be-r'drank a glass of water, aud drWgd herBelf. even to the put ting on c^nti old groy waterproof with a nooa tov fqr it was w.et outside. ' She is Yning to meet her lover,' thought Elizkjth, ' I wish I could be there to s^-'.hat too, bat I'have soen enough.' \ She-yawned an4 appeared to wake, ?' What, Beatrice gtvitcj out already in this Dourine rain amM t»j»h feigned astonishments. \ 'Yes, I have slept kaJly, and I want to get some air,\ answered Beatrice, starting and ooiouring ; 'I suppose that it was the storm.' ?'Has there been a storm?' said Elizabeth, yawning again. ' I «eard nothing of it — but then so many thVigs happen when one is asleep of whuh one knows nothing at the time,' Bhe added sleepily, like one speaking at random. ' Mind that you are back to. any good- bye to.'Mr Bingham j he goes by the early train,' you know— but pnW haps yon will see him out walking,' and appearing to wake up thoroughly, she raised herself in bed and gave her sieUr ono piercing look. Boatrica made no answer; that look ennt a thrill of four through her. Oh, *vhat hail happened I Or was it all a dream P Had Bhe dreamt that she atood faoo to face with Geoffroy ia bis room bofore a great darkneaB struck hor and overwhelmed hor ? Or was it aa awful truth, and if a truth, how came sho bora again? She went to the pantry, got a morsel of bread and ate it. for faintness still pursued her. Then feeling' better, she left the honae and sot her faoo towards tbe ueaon. It was a dreary morniug. The great wind bad passed ; now it only blew in little gusts heavy with driving rain. Tha ann xriia'ahllan nn/1 irrnv And prnnd* It beat in thunder on the Bhoro and flew over the Bunken rooks in columns of leaden spray. The whole oarth seomed one desolation, and all its grief wus oentered ia this woman's broken .heart. Geoffrey, too, was op. How he had passed the remainder of that tragio uight might wo neod not enquire — not too happily we may be suro Ho heard the '. front door ciose. behind Beatrice, and followed ont into the rain. On tho bench, some half of a mile away, he fonnd her gazing at the sen, a great white gull wnoeling about bor head. No word of gioetiug passod botween them ; thoy only grasped each other's hands and looked into eaoh other's hollow cveB. ' Coma under tho Bholter of tha cliff,' he said, and she came. She stood beneath tho cliff, liar head bent low, hor face hidden by the hood, aud spoke. ' Toll me what has happened,' Bhe said, ' I have dreamed something, a worse draain than any thnt have gone before — tell ma if it is true. Do not spare mo.' And Geoffrey told her all. When ho had finishod sbe Bpoke again. ' 'By what shall ;I swear,' she said, that I am not the thing what you must think me ? Geoffrey, I swear by my love for you, that I am innocent If I caiue— ob; the shame of it 1 if I came — to your room last night, it was my feet which lead me, not cay mind that led mv feet. I went fo sleep, I . was worn out, and then I kaew no mora till I heard a dreadful sound, and saw you standing before me in a blaze of light, after whioh there was darkness.' ' ' Oh, Beatrice, do not be distressed,' he a iBwered, I saw that .you wi'ro asleep. It is a dreadful thing which has'hippened, but I do not think that we were seen,' il T tin nnl tnn. ' ahn anirl 'TCIi™. beth looked at me very strangely this morning, and she sees everything. Geoffrey, for my part, I neither know, nor care. What I do care for ia, what must you think of me ? You must believe, oh I — I cannot say it. i nd yet I am innocent. Never, never d:d I dream of this. To oome to you — tha? — oh, it is shameless 1' ' Beatrioe, do not talk so. I tell you I know it. Listen — I drew yon. I did not mean that you should come. I did not think that you would come, bnt it was my doing. Listen to me, dear,' and he told her that which written words can ill impress. When he had finished, sho looked ap, with another face ; the . groat shadow of her face bad left her. ' 1 believe yon, Geoffrey,' she said, J' be cause I know that you have not inven ted this to shield m', for I have felt it also. See by it what you are to me You are ? my masior aad my all. I cannot withstand you if I wonld. i have little will apart from yours if you choose to gainsay mine. ' And now promise me this npon your word. Leave me uninfluenced ; do not draw mo to vou to bo vour ruin. I make no pretence, I hove laid my: life at your feet, but while I have any strength to struggle against it, you Bhall never take it .up .unlous you can do so to your; own honour, and that 11 not possible Oil, pay dear, wo might have besn very happy together, happier than men and women often are, but it is denied to as. . We must carry oar cross, we must cruoify the flesh upon it ; per haps so — who ' can say ?— we may glorify the spirit. I owo you a good deal: I have learned muuh from you, Geoflrey. I have learned to hope again for a Hereafter, Nothing ia left to ma now — but that— that and an hour henoe— your memory. ' Oh, why should I weep ? It is un grateful, when I have your love, for whioh this misery is but a little price to pay. Kiss mo, dear, end go— and never see me more. You will not for get me, . I know now tbat you will never forget me all your life. After wards — perbapB — who can tell ? If not, why then— it will indeed be best — to die.' I fTO BB CONTIKUBD.l 