Flotsam and Jetsam. Mr. Pargiter, the Ghost. St. James's Budget. When I first knew Gwendoline Gilbert I very nearly fell in love with her. At this time I had a penchant for healthy-looking girls and, being young. I was an ardent admirer of the British blonde. Gwendoline Gilbert Hygeia hfnelf; Emma, Lady Hamilton, when sho was' in the service of Dr. Graham, the quack, could not have looked the part mope thoroughly than did Gwendoline. How I adored that girl! At that time, you know, Mr. Burne-Jonea hadn't invented the young lady with the touzly hair, the ungainly attitudes, ihe green complexion, and the prehensile toes; jo it was quite permissible to aflame a girl who looked like tbj Goddess of Health. She was a parson's daughter;' she hadn't a penny in tb« world. Sir John Tomlinspn was the member lor Batcliff" Sigh way, and had made pots of money by the adulteration of the poor man's beer—l be* hia pardon, I take that back—l mean by hut improvements in the art of prq ducing malt liquor of a superior description. He came, he saw, he conquered; of coarse he did. They were married, they started on their honeymoon; and I went to Herne Bay for a fortnight in a huff, and wrote nay celebrated monograph on Sour Grapes. Lady Tomlinson was nice, beautiful,, and, as we all know, as good as gold. SheVas by no means inolmed to encpurage society phil anderers; and from what those gentlemen called her " stand off" way, and from a certain disinclination towards gossip and scandal and Bmall talk and private theatricals and music halls, she got the reputation of being rather Btupid. At any rate, in spite of her beauty and her husband's millions, Gwendoline was not altogether a social success. Now husbands, is we all know, are brutal persons; they have & nasty trick of not minoing matters with thoir wives, and of calling a spade a spade. " Look here, Lady Tomlinaon," said Sir John (he always called her Lady Tomlinson) —" yoa don't shine in society; you>e not a dancing woman, nor a talking woman, nor a political woman, and you ain't littery. I wish to heaven you'd develop some sort of individuality of your own, Lady Tomlinson." Lady Tomlinson retired instantly to her boudoir and had a good cry. For three whole days did Lady Tomlinson brood and meditate, and then she sent for Mr. Pargiter, this painter. Mr. Pargiter hastened to present, himself at Palatial- crescent, W. " Mr. Fargiter," said Lady Tomlinson, " I want to paint; I want to paint in oils." " Oh, certainly, Lady Tomlinsoh," said Mr. Pargiter; and he smiled, and rolled his eyes, and rubbed his hands, and bowed. Mr. Par giter was too much of a gentleman ever to con tradict a lady, besides being a popular art teacher with a highly aristocratic connection. Therefore he would have said, •• Oh, certainly," if Lady Tomlinson had wanted to learn to dance on the slack wire. •' I want you to give me lessons, Mr. Par giter," said Lady Tomlinson. " I mean to exhibit at the Eoyal Academy," said Lady Tomlinson. "I mean to be a distinguished amateur, and I want you to show me how, and give mo lessons, Mr. Pargiter." " Oh, certainly," said Mr. Pargiter. 11 Pray name your own terras," said Lady Tomlinson. •' Expense is no object; but I want the wholo thing to be a Becret from my husband and my friends. Can we begin to morrow ?" "Oh, certainly," said Mr. Pargiter onco more. And then Lady Tomlinson handed Mr. Par giter a cheque for a substantial sum, and requested him to attend at 10 o'clock the next morning with what she called the necessary outfit; Next day at 10 precisely a four-wheeled cab, containing Mr. Pargiter, a large easel, several canvases, numerous brown paper parcels, and a lay figure, drew up at the Tomlinsons' house in Palatial-crescent. Mr. Pargiter was shown at once into her ladyship's boudoir. 41 Now, Mr. Pargiter," said Lady Tomlinson, when she had welcomed the artist, "I should like you to paint me an ideal head." Mr. Pargiter stared at Lady Tomlinson, and suggested that the usual way was to begin by drawing from what he called " the round," in charcoal. •' Mr. Pargiter," said Lady Tomlinson, " you wouldn't refuse to oblige a lady. I'm sure I shall learn much more easily by seeing you work. My idea, you know, was that you should paint and I should look on—just at first, you know, till I get my hand in." So Mr. Pargiter began to paint the head of what he called a Two-guinea Rustic Mr. Par giter was accustomed to dispose of heads of this description to Wuggles, the frame-maker and picture-dealer, for 425. It would bo labelled "Original oil-painting, by Pargiter, £4 45." " I want you to leave the background till the ,very last/ said Lady Tomlinson. "Oh certainly," replied the artist. " I believe you artists," said Lady Tomlinson, "often Bmoke while you paint. Aro you a smoker, Mr. Pargiter?" "I work twice as well when I smoke," said that gentleman; and there was a knowing twinkle in his eye as he said the words. Lady Tomlinson left the room ; she returned with a box of Cabinet Partagas. •'These are what Sir John smokes," she said; "pray make yourself at home, Mr. Pargiter." "That gentleman took her at her word; he worked away for four honrs at his rustic head, and he smoked no fewer than seven choice cigars. Then he received permission to depart; and as he walked home he wondered considerably, for Lady Tomlinson had been engaged upon a three-volume novel from Mudie's during the whole of the—well, lesson. "However, it's none of my business," thought Mr. Pargiter, who was a philosopher; " and besides she makes it worth my while." It took Mr. Pargiter four " sittings " to finish that rustic head. When it was quite done he remarked to Lady Tomlinson that there was nothing more to do than to smudge in a back ground of burnt sienna. " That's where I oome in," said Lady Tom linson. "If you'll do the edge of the back ground in all the little in-and-out places round the head, I'll finish it." They oerried out that simple programme. "Nowthere's nothing left but to sign it, I suppose," said her ladyship. "Exactly so," said Mr. Pargiter; and he took a little squeeze of ivory black on the point of a small brush and was about to affix the magic name of Pargiter. " Let me try," said her ladyship. She took the brush from Mr. Pargiter's hand, and in great sprawling letters she wrote in the right band corner of the picture " Gwen. Tomlinson." " Madam," said Mr. Pargiter, with alow bow, when she had finished," you're a genius." And then she placed an envelope in the artist's hand. " I oan trust you, Mr. Pargiter ?" she said in those soft purring tones of hers. Mr. Pargiter laid his hand noon his heart, gavd Lady Tomlinson what looked very like a wink, and assured her in solemn accents that she could. Two days' afterwards Lady Tomlinson was At Home. I was there; I am an art critio by profession,you know. On a green-plush easel, draped by a heavy curtain of green plush, stood the russo head in an eight-inch gilt frame. I don^t know what the head was worth, but the frsraeires oheap at a five-pound note. "What do you think of it, Mr. Scorcher?" .bloated that innocent lamb, Lady Tomlinson, to me. " I've just got it home from my frame makers, and it's the first of my efforts that I've had the hardihood to show to my friends." I compared it to Greuze. I said it reminded me of Vigee, Le Brun, and various other artists. Next spring they hung it at Burlington House ; they hung that two-guinea Pargiter, and we all went into ecstasies at the private view. But the measure of Lady Tomlinson's iniquity was not yet full. She pulled down the wall-papers from her boudoir; and she deco rated the walls of that apartment with an ex traordinary composition of trees, flowers, sun sets, wheat-sheaves, and good-looking children and girls, under the superintendence of the villain Pargiter. Half London went to see it. Sir John Tomlinson is justly proud of his wife. She is an artistic light now. She has only got to take a young artist by the hand and his fortune's made. " I'm very fond of Lady Tomlinson," said Mr. Pargiter to me the other day; " she throws a good deal of work in my way."— 