FAREWELL SER VICES. WESLEYAN CHURCH. THE Rev. E. O. Knee conducted his farewell servises "at' the Wesleyan church , on: Sunday > the: attendances being- specially good and in the evening the sitting accommodation being com pletely exhausted.: The' morning ser mon was upon the "baptism with the Holy Ghost and -with fire," the differ ence between the. missions of John and, the Saviour being- dwelt upon. The influence of the Holy Spirit in the christian and- the -church,: the en livening, 'comftifi?,; ehlighteningi arid purifying work of the fire, were plainly and ' piactically,.ipointed--out.?%: In:: the evening the "subject wasvery-applicable to the circumstances. Paul's farewell charge to the elders= of the church at Ephesus "Therefore watch and re member, that by the. space of three years, I ceased not to warn every one night and day with tears." After a vivid sketch-of the apostle's labours and diffi culties, the rev. gentleman pointed out that. the same causes of differerice'in .the churches existed now and warned, as the' aposile had d6iie, igainst the evils creeping in which militated against the advancement of the gospel of Christ=. Referring" to: his approachiin departure he thanked God, and. the christian workers he had associated with for the great good' that'had been done d'uring his pastorate, for the kindly warmth of the friendship, and support given to him atid:lhisfamily which he would never forget. In addition to the kindness he had ex perienced from his own congregations, he had very many dear friends of other denominations and he thanked God heairtily ý for the brotlierly' hell~ and comfort he had received from other ministers and their people., In..a very warm and feeling manner he bade them all good bye and trusted that his successor would be as kindly welcomed arid esteemed.very highly, for his i·ork's sake. The address' arused the sympathies of the large congrega tion many of which were visitors from other churches. Mr and Mrs Knee leave the Footscray district with the genuine esteem and good-wishes: of the entire community to whom he has en deared himself by his genial unasstim ing manner; kindly interest in the home life of the people and untiring practical christianity: While here amongst us it may well be said of him "He hath done what.lie could," as the advance made by the church'showeth. " 