, A GHOSTLY EXPERIENCE. The following" experience occurred in our own time to a gentleman, well-known in the scientific world of Paris, whom we have ourselves met iu society-, and whose veracity is unimpeachable- — the late J\L B y, one of the editors of the Annalcs Sdcntiji'jitcs, a man then in tlie prime of lifo, constantly en gaged in scientific research, and most un likely, from his pursuits and frame of mind, to give way to undue credulity or freaks of imagination. The storj- — which 110 was not willing to relate — was, however, told by lumseit to a mutual iriend, through whom it became knoyvn to the present writer. jVI. B j stated that he had another friend who from boyhood had been dear to him as a brother, who went to Algeria, as a colonist, in the more inland part of the country. Til. B y had been l'or some time without news of him, but felt no anxiety, and was not particularly thinking of him, when one night, while sitting writing iu his private room, to his joyful surprise, lie saw the traveller come in, wearing a strange dress, which was unfamiliar him. Ho started up and hastened to meet the visitor, heartily ex tending his hands, when to his astonishment he drew back saying — " Do not touch me. I am dev. ri," ("Nemo toiichez pas — -je suit liiori"), adding that he had come to ask him to prepare his mother for the news that the shock might not be too sudden. The whole story was so unlike the con- ventional "ghost" that M. B y, accord ing to his own statement, felt no more fear than if he had seen his friend under the most ordinary circumstances. The apparition then took its place iu an arm-chair, opposite to the one occupied by M. B y, and the tyvo cony-ersed freely as iu former times ; the one still bclouging to this world reeei ring the assurance of the other that he was ' ' very happy " firi-t kcumixj, but that he was not permitted to say more. The strange visitor then told him that he would come again two days later, at the same hour, and dis appeared. , 'When he found himself alone, the awe aud terror which had been absent from tlie inter view came in full force, and overpowered SI. B y, who tried to brace his nerves by seeking every kind of natural explanation of the wonderful sight he Eul witnessed. Hallucination — a passing fit of delirium — a delusive, dream, everything seemed" more satisfactory1 that the reality. , Finally, ho determined' not to cause perhaps needless affliction to his friend's motherland conse quently. refrained from writing to her as he had been requested to do. "When tko time eaine for the apparition to return) he' prepared a" large fire, placed' an arm-chair in readiness for his visitor ;: .ihen distributed lights in the room, so as to give it festive brilliancy. At the exact hour, his friend, agaid stood before him— but grave and sad ; -mildly) but earnestly, reproaching him' for not having written to his' mother, - and entreating him to do so without loss of time, for she would hear the sad news too suddenly from other sources: 31. B -y promised, to atone for the omission, and again the. friends- conversed, B y remaining perfectly calm and without fear. The visitor, then, hade himr farewell,- saying that he should be- seen 110 more on this earth;" and. as 31 — y gazed,' he saw -him-, gradually .disappear. Again he was " seized with rutense awe and terror ; but this time he ;did. np.t. hesitate -'to , write to his ifridnd's mother, - 'saying that circumstances "which had come to his kno wledge led' him to entertaia"serious fears as to the. safety of her son.' Searcelyh'ad the poor mother received the,, first., intimation of dinger,' .when the official communication reached her,; announc ing the sad event as 'having .taken place on the very day when M. B— — y had first seen his mysterious visitor, and. enclosing a photo graph, representing his frieiid in the strange dress whicli had surprised him; and which he .found was the , one adopted hy colonists in 'that distant part of Algeria. , 