Kernels. Priona Binemarck intends to devote the 5r. mainder of hise days to making himself comn. fortable. He hts dismissed his physioian, and intends, hereafter, to smoke as mooh as he pleasre, and to drink whaht he likes.. A da?ghter of the Bon. John Doaglas is lsarning the daties of nurse, in the Brisabae Hospital. Up at Winton there has been a bit of a shine s the baking business. A Chinkie dough- beater had it all his own way for a good while, but Mr. Alf. Gilby sailed in with a superior article, but a few "mean whites" stick to the Chink, and the Herfld threatens to publish their names if they don't reform. Someoae, who believes that " bevity is the soul of wit, ' writes, "'Don't eat stale Q-cumbers ; they'll W up." Here are two extremes in courtebip followed by mcarreage. Ie BDersh, August, 181s, Mr. John Bate, of Williamstown, MBer., to Mis Mary Ann Bass, of the former plaoo, after a ocartsbsp of one hoar. Married at Bridge. water, December i5, 172S Capt. Thomas Baxter, of Quinoy, aged sixbty-six, to Mise Whitman, of the formerplace, agedfifty.seven, after a long and tediosnsoaertehipof forty-eighn years, which they both sestained with n1o nommon fortitnudle. The racshorse Banger, who woe so aeverely kicked by Magio, when starting for the Distriat Plate, at Warwick, during the recent racrs there, died from the effeot on Friday. Altetr the race Ranger appeared to be esuffering great pain, and he wase seneot away, by firat trairn to Toowooabe. The & D. Gazelle says that all that veterinary aoenoe and the best attention of the owner and hie friends conld do was on. availing, and the borne, after saffering aestely, and ightiog against death with all the pleok that pare blood is capable of, gave up the ghost st f'30 on Friday afternoon. Ranger was by Yonog Sir Heronles out of Florenoe, and waspurhased, bh Mr. Gentle in November lasIt. Regret has often been expensed that there was no wood, in Qoteolelnd, soitable for the manufaoture of violins: bhat it appears, from a Roakhampton ontbamponras, that Mr, James Bmbth, of Banana, han made a violino rentirely from wood grown near that township. The instroment is said to be particolarly rich and soft in tone. All that Mr. Smith has to do now is to stamp his violins "Gremona,"and date them about the creation of the world, and then work them off on a guilelese publio. There is money in this. Nothisg so qaiekly restores tone to so' han?ted nerves, and strength to a weary bosy (says an author), as a bath oontainiog an oneso of aque ammoosa to each pail of water. Ie makes the flesh firm and smooth as marble, and renders the body pure. and free from all odoor. They have jest onearitdl, in Kansas, the remains of a turtle, which' must have been, in life, at least 18 feet loeg by 12 broad, and bare beenosapable of floating a dray aoroes a river. A splendid new residesr,. for Arebbisbop Denne, of Brisbane, will shortly be com. menced. The principal front will beto Wink. ham-street, and the structure will be a three. storeyed one. The total cost (iaoloding the lay. ing-out of the groends) is estimated to be £5000. The half-yearly report of the Mbout Mosga Gold-mioing Company 'has been 'seubmittet to the shereholders, sod shows that dividenads amounting to £St1,6t6 ISr. 4d; havns'been paid, bringing the total dividends pai4'by the companyip to £200000. The amount enbsoib 4, by Eglan8a fbr hes relief of the sarvivors of the Light Brigade, tras £24-a whole £24, pnild; Qlsesalsaf. offers, up to date, £Sf0 odd. The lattetss nob' a gorgeous sum, oertaily ;but what about the! firat-named amonnt ?: SOn Wednesday ight last the thermometer at Rerberton .rgistered odeg., ad a Jv?. reet fetlnwed. The new lighthobse at Booby Island, oseth northern ooast of Qoeeneland, was lighted ups few night ago, and worked admirably . It is said that the English anthrties se still in persnitof "Jackthe Ripper,*' andhat o0e ef the bet-known of their detective in specters devotes his whole time to the ase.s Oar only Wrogge is well thought of else where tha in Qeensland. 'The Meteorological Reporter of Perth, Western Asotralis, wiresd over to Qeesnstand for our weather.mrn'da standard ralee for the observation of ria-inl. te also absked the coat. The ralee ?weiffor. warded, however, free gratis, for ndthinj as' heoame a great eolony fike this. Ioolnd fishermen nowentar oil regelarly, as a means of smoothing the saves, aso l enablis them to contine at work in weather ?n rhIbe heretofore, their boats oonld not have lived. ' In OCslnetta and Bombay; wheiniu~mr lood trosee the sky, there a rmh for a ranlo-sgam oling .establishment, and large amosnts of 'money are deposited in wagers,. Beli'henterssre re orying away, piecemeal0 :tbe Egyptian Sphyno'ad Pyismido so rapidly 'that so Arehcologinsl 8l €.y in nland WiII endeavoor to obeok the vandalism, It i reported thatpetroleonmi has beeni dls oevered at Middleeboroegh, Elsund, ad eo perimental borings a re b eI totde dtpth of 2000 feet. The olive.tree lives to a grest ab. Oane ltly destroyed at Bealielhadsaredorded ge 'of ive ostsits4 and 'was Hf I in ciromfer 'sneem 'There was a oliao fanoy.dress ball,-Stthe . East London People's Palsoe, which was at tended bS t00 of the stdei and tbheirfriends. Miss Edison, dsaghter of tbs great inventor, has been entirely ured of epilpsy' by Profes. :sor "Widler,, body phystioi of4ithe.King d Saxony. - Steam snamles boats are tmeasby byi draohe power,i Britain. They ae esaiu to be seperior oto those of wood, and san bes:poodned at about the sme coast. -, An excellent baromqter: sn. be mede ,f ginger-bread. Theslightestmoisteorthreal e ing rain, sxenders it molt snd plisant; while dry weather restores it to its normal lethtry tboughnseei ''Z. An ?oglish railway company is ellin its old oariagees at £5gpese, and ithi alleged iht they are being parobhased for conversion asto cottages, bathing-mahinaes, and vaonrio otoher small banitatioDas. - A piece of pinkooral, ~ S ftong spd i. In diameter at the end, with branehes projeoetling about 4ft. on all sides, was recently obthaled on the coast of Japean. Its vlrae, in a pre pared state, would heatbont £800,. The Adelaide Oboerer asya -Mr Holder went to Lydney asm a'brother,.bot in Qaeens. land was regarded. an ambassad .8 nationel self and pelf. Qaeslanhd siepiolona of our own dear .Governmnntt' Then call a special, meeting of the Trades Conaoil, to declare war at once. A monster eoh.ray 'was oaagbht, #ear Book bhampton, lasteweek. The oresture was about l1ft. each wa, and had a very long tail. The wife n . W. O'BrionS MlP,, has'hi kcme of 9boai ? 'ear : '. Sines lest Jannary, 483,520' bbmdelf wheat and flour have been eported from Sydney to 'Qeevoifnd. 3 A singular ooenerrenosis eOrted rom Cll. fornis. Moont hasta,.onn of .the.principal peaksofthe Casnade Lange, and whichb was ear l14,000ft. In height, has complelyty vanished.. The disappesaranse of .the monotaia i attriboted to voloanio enoes,. . Off the Cape of Good ope asrook has ,be fond which hsd only 12ff , water over, , and wlioh a thonsand vePws meat, have rnn within a few feet or rode of. in total ignoranoe of their danger. 'It wee ?opated;? ? rioasly emongh, by a teat which hadhbeen loered to. pick a man up. Sailors' ?lok Is the.beat look. The Savings Bank bpeMstions for the month, of Junoe shows an looreme in amonnt,.of deo posits of £881 SI, 4d r An Amerinan Zimlted tompany has ben.o formed,with the ojeot onetvelopingPort Said and Alexandria,,.nd constreoting a double- tie railway throogh Palestine, tve Hebroo, . Jeruneslem, Jeriobho, Nasaret5h, andGallee, to Damasenns. The first sod of the firet projected 4 railway in the Holy l~ad-that intenoed to' ran between Joppa andslesranem-has alredy been oat. One day last week, the railway authorltlee on the Brighton aind 8 Kilda (Viotoriao)?sle way-line took it into their heads toexamines paesengers' tiokePts, and found eighty-eight0 persons either traPalling withoeat tioeass or travelliog in first-oless Carriages with eeoond. elass tickets, A :iailar raid was made some. time ago, and some of the offenders are to be. p:oseeuted. A novel game elchose will be played, in thee Sydney Enibation ioilding, this month. The, floor is to be mapped mct so a obaes-board, and ladies and gentlemen, dressed in artietie style,. will be placed on the eqoaren, and used as the. ordinary pleces, Mr. W. Crane, jn,, champion, player of Sydaey, and Mr. Jaobsea. champion, ot Quseensland,will direct the moees, and the, game will anotally be an interooloial match. An unfoitunate boundary-rider in New Souoth, Walis, on being married, was Dpesenale with -000 shares in eome ompany ass weddioggift, The comp?op went bang, and a ell of 8S. per share was made, the result being that the on-. fortounats man has to pay £80Eor noth'g, or sloe go inoelveor. The marriages laws, or some other laws, in Victoria most be extremely loose, fo' o pertee there, who is eeither a registered minister nor a Goveinment registrar, boasts that he baa mairded 000 oiuples at. from £1 to £1' 10s. per marriage. He was Snad £100, the other day, for enlebrating oea marriage, and thak taonk the gilt offa few t the othere. The monument ereoaed to General Le', hti Confederate general, was onveited, at -Lich. mend, Virginia, on the 2(th if May, amid scones of great enthuiasm. The crowd wan enormouse, made op by delegations from all parte of the Soothern states. Francis Harte, vongest son of Bret ]rte, the novelist, has been muleted in £10,000. by the New York C art, for alienating thbe aoes tione of James Jay Smith's wife. Harts made no defences. Duboie, a negro, carried off the firSt of the Boyloaton prie~s for deelamation, at Havard College, on May 0. The leading Ohioengo breweries have been parehased by an English syndicate. and non solidated. The price paid down ii £10,000,000. Franois Rogera was, on the 26;h of June, senteoed to twelve months' impreisonment, for breaking a va-sahl pane of glass, at Parre. matta, Prisoner did the damage to get late I gaol, sayiog be was starving, 