fiomiST ,- My Lady's Reyenge. By E. GiRKESOX JOKES- CHAPTER XIX. — (Continued ) " Why, certainly not, mnneienr. Mamma only brought me op, and I lore her and pape very dearly. But one of these days I'm to find my own parents, and turn cnt to be a prince's daughter maybe, as they do in fairy talee — that's what my godmother " Ob, my child I" moans poor Mrs. Both- well, leaning dovrn to otasp her again. I lost my little baby almost as soon sb it was born. If she bad been spared to me, she wooiaaave oeen use yon." "Lost her Did ebe die?" inquires Jo-ie. " No ; she was stolen from me." replies Mrs. Both well. Josie opens her black eyes wide, then pnrees hex red month, and otters a low cry. 'Stolen I" she repeats. "Well, now, what if I should torn ont to be yonr stolen child? Wouldn't that be nice? That's the way the fairy books make it. Bot it conldn't well be, for I have the Loader crescent on my arm. I think that grand old lady at Nivernois Court will be my grandmother when the truth's known. I shall find ont some day, yon may be surer of that. And, let's ees — well, it will be better, perhaps, for me to have yonr address, then I'll write and tell you all abont it. Will yon pleaee write it forme?" She dires into her pocket, and brings np a set ' t tablets and a pencil-case, which she pots in Mrs. It jth well's hand. " I always keep them," she explains "'to write down anything Mrs. Heath wishes me to remember. She gave them to me. Please jEst pnt yonr name and sddrera down, -and I will write to yon eome day." " Here, my dear, give her this," saye Mr. Bothwell, taking a card from hie pocket, as his wife vainly essays to write with ber trembling fingers. " I think this singular interview has lasted long enough." Bnt Josie's qnick ears catch the import ol the last words, and as she receives the tablet and the card, she draws back at once. " Good-bye, lady," she saye, tonching the tip« of her fingers to her red month. The carriage whirls away, and looking back through her tears, Mrs. Bothwell sees the sparkling face and graceful little fignre, defined like a rare picture in the yellow sunlight. At bis hotel, on his return from the drive, the ironmaster finds various letters awaiting him — only one of these, however, o£ much Tnsfwrtance. This one, daleS from " Aherdodno Lodge, Cardiganshire," ran as follows : "Mr Deah Sm. — I am spending a few days at my old Weleh seat, known as Aber dndno Lodge. Would yon mind putting yonrsclf to the trouble cf making me a visit ? I am very aDxions to meet yon. I made arrangements to wait npen ycu some time npn. bat, unfortunately, yon were not in England. ' Some very strange truths, that merely concern both yourself and me, have come to my knowledge, and I am impatient to com municate ibem to tod, and to confer with yon in regard to our future action, " If yon can make it convenient to comply with this request, have the goodness to write a line to my solicitor, Mr. Vent, 21, Dorset-street, London, He will bear you company into Wales, and will no donbt assist as in coming to a satiefactorv under standing, 1 shall hope to eee yon as early as practicable. — Tours very obediently, " ST. Acsyb. " To Edmnnd Bothwell, Esq." The iron master read this letter thrice, And then pet it carefully into his breast pocket. " What," he soliloquised, "con Lord St. Anbyn want with me? And I'm to race all the way to Wales to meet him ! Bot I. If he wants to eee me be knows where to find me when I return to England, and he can tronble himself tocallnponme ii his reve lations are of each importance." Bnt the import of this fetter haunted him. Sleeping or waking, his mind was tormented by toe_ question : "What can Lord St, Anbyn have to tell ?" He made no mention of to- letter,1 to his wife, for her despondency had settled Jn to a fixed despair since their departure, from France was decided on, and he had no wish to add to her anxiety. Arrived in London, he took apartments, and lost no time in securing the best medical attendance for hie wife. She was worn ont by seme secret and ineesssnt care, and mnst have recreation, change of xceno, and amuse-, ment. This was the verdict of the doctors; and with a feeling of grateful relief that his fears in regard to his wife were groundless, Mr. -Bothwell proceeded to arrange his bnsi- nesa, preparatory to a winter eojaurn in Borne. Still that letter from Wales haunted him; and at last he made cp bis mind that he most see the end ol the mutter, for the cake of his own piece of mind, if; nothing else. . He appointed an hour for buntirg op the, eld solicitor, Treherne Trent, at his cham bers in Dorset-Street; bnt he was antici pated in his, intention and considerably eur- . prised by aoall from that gentleman him self— p small/wiry Individual, inaznefywig fcloek knc-e-brcecfccs. " I have only just heard of yonr return -to England, Mr. Bothwell," he began, when the salutations of the day had been interchanged, "and, yon see, I have loBt no time in eceking an interview. I should have ecngbt it months ago, Me. Bothwell, bnt, unfortunately, you were oat pi England." He paosed and sat rubbing hiB dry hands together, sitting on the edge of his chair, and looking abont him with an alert, expect ant air. The ironmaster bowed, produced a de canter of wine, and poshed it across the table to his visitor. " Take a glass of port, Mr. Vant," be said, "and then have the goodness to inform me for what purpose you have sought this interview." Mr. Vant helped himself to the wine, smacking his lips over it with great satisfac tion. "Well, Mr. Bothwell," he said, "before I- proeeed to reveal to you the strange and sur prising facts that have come into my possession— facts tonching yonr interest and honor, Mr. Bothwell— I want to aek you an honest question : " Go on, sir." " Mr. Bothwell, you are a rioh man, aud a liberal one — at least, the world givee you that character. Now, sir, if the strange truths I am about to put into your posses sion turn out to be priceless worth to you — in other words, sir, if f am able to convince you that instead of a plain ironmaster you are a titled peer, with untold wealth at your com mand — if I am able to put you in the way of recovering your poeseeBionB, your title, your lawful heritage — if I can do all this, Mr. Bothwell, what are you willing to do for me?" A slow flush arose in the ironmaster's cheeks, and despite hiB habitual dignity and repose of manner, he found it hard to restrain his eelf command. " Bather a strange question, Mr."V«rit,"he said. "Let me bear ail these -wondrous, troths you speak of, and then I can better judge of their value." _ " No, eir," cried the solicitor, .-hotly. " My Eecret would be your secret tbkn, and you could reward me or let it elope according to yonr fancy. No sir j I set yfiy pries first, and then do my work. How, Mr. Bothwell, think the matter over. "If I do all I have promised to do — reveal to yon the eeoret of yonr birth, and make you a titled and en or monely wealthy man — you will give me cae hundred thousand pounds when yon come into possession of yonr lawful inheritance ? Mind, eir, no sou! alive baa the power to do this for you but me, and how this poster came into my hands there is no need -of ex plaining. Will you comply with my demand or not ?" Mr. Bothwell meditated for the space of a minute, and then looked up with a light laugh. " This all sounds like child's play," be said; "however, I've no objection to make this promiee. If yen are able to do what yon state, and I eee fit to take advantage of yonr revelations. Til give you the hundred thou sand pounds." " Very well, air," returned the other. " Here's pen and ink; now write me your agreement to that effect. " I wonder if you are a madman?" thought Mr. Bothwell; but he took np the pen and wrote the agreement. He was on the point of signing it with his own name, when the solicitor inter posed. "One moment, if you please, sir," he said. " Sign—" St. Auhyn.' " " What 7" ' St. Anbyn. That is yonr name, my lord. Justin, Marquie of St. Anbyn." The ironmaster dropped his pen and stared at his visitor. "Man, arc you a fool or a lunatic ? he ejaculated. ' Neither the one nor the other, as yon will find," replied the lawyer, promptly. " Sign as I tell yon, and let us proceed. My time is precious." A sudden recollection of that letter from St, Anbyn, desiring him to visit him at Wales, flaebed through Mr. Bothwell'e brain. He had not thought of it before. What, if after all this man were telling him the truth ? Moved by an instantaneous impulse, be dipped his pen in the ink and daehwl off ths required signature. Mr. Vauttook the. note, dried the ink with care, folded it, and put it in his breast pocket. " That's as good as the Bank ri England," he Baid, a greedy glitter in his email, sharp eyes. "Now, sir, we'll proceed if. 70s are ready." " I am ready, Mr. Vant." "Weil, Mr. Bothwell,"' begun the lawyer, " some two years ago I chanced to be in Paris, and I was called jntn the old Convent oi the Sacred Heart to hear the confession ol a dying nun— Sister THerese tbey called ber. I Ttcrn linv titafnrn "hrarra tff Alfi yon ever eee that face before !" Mr. Bothwell took the ivory miniature and examined it. ' Yes," he answered, without hesitation, " that is the face of the womsn who brought , me up for a while — Heloise ehe Called hW- eeif. She was not my mother, but I lived", with her till I was. about thirteen years old." ' Precisely," responded the other. " Ton are willing to swear to this ?" "Yes, sir, I am willing." " An important link; car chain of evidence is quite complete, Mr. Bothwell. "Now for the story. I was called in, as I have mentioned, to take down the oonieesione of this woman. I did <eo, in. the. presence of the properautoorities, andnow.yon shall faearit. " This woman, Heloiseby name, was head nurse at St/Aubjn House, when Lady; Theodoiee Lauder that had been," hut wile of the late marquis, was delivered of her son and heir. This faeai nurse, Heloise, ac cording to ber confession, and also proved by an old Scottish record, which I have taken the trouble to find, was the wite doae Augusts St. Anbyn, a younger brother of toe marquie by a secret marriage; aud'ehe, too, bad a son bom, only short time previous 1 to the Lrdy TheoflosiaV confinement. "Well, Mr. Bothwell, it tame ont that this Lord Augu&te; St. Anbyn, who was a dissolute young soldier, tired of his low-bom wife, deserted aud disewned faer; and was killed eoon after in vduel. ' ' - " Meantime toe "HarebhnieEB of St. Aubyn was at death's door, and the intant heir of fit. Aubyne was placed in toe care td'tois woman Heloise. In her paih aad anger at being deserted in-her apparent diraoe;an idea occurred to her. that. toe. Would rcTeuge herself, upon the " haughty St. AubynB. -, \ - . "She took the. infant-ftBiriremitetaadle at ..St. Aubyn House, and hurried htm tea little cottage whste hsr xnbtoer tired ondfc&d; cfairgeofher own child ;to«r toh -toritlier babe/lheeon of the dead "soldier rind dnefiistj Afcguste fit. Atoyn,fedt)irtieS tihn batk to toe heir's plate, and no one ever suspected the deception. "Thus, you eee, Mr. Bothwell, that this woman's son, the offspring of her clandestine marriage with Angus te St. Anbyn, was reared at St. Anbyn House, and considered toe son of the marquis ; and when the mar quis died he sacoeeded tilibe-tilteand estates, and the world knows him to-day JpBtin, Lord of fit. Anbyn, and, through the" death of a great-uncle, also of Nivernois Court." "And the other child" questioned toe ironmaster, hoarsely. " The other child was reared by the woman Heloise, under toe name of Edmund Both- well." For the space of a minute dead sflenoe reigns, and Mr. Vant watches his companion with hia alert, sharp eyes. Presently Mr. Bothwell speaks. " Andis that all f" he says. " Isn't it enough, sir Bnt it isn't quite all, to tell you the truth. This dying woman confessed that .She had never lost eight of this Edmund Bothwell, lest by some chanoe ho should succeed in supplanting her own son. She had bim under ber eye wherever he went, even when he -married ; and when hie wife gave birth to a child, knowing that it would inherit the estates and title that her own son held, the more to secure him in his unlawful position, she atole toe babe and hadit murdered— too late discovering that it was a girl." My ckilJ— murdered 1" "Tee, eir; that's what she stated under- oath, and with her last breath. She re pented, it appears, and made a dean breast, of it. And npw, Mr. Bothwell, if f may; ventureto call yon by yonr old name, what- do yon -propose doing! Of oonrse you see \ that yosr case is complete. I ooold have told you all this months ago, bot it is stole of ymne never to broach a ease till I oan eee the end. This one is clear. Ait the proof e are under my finger-ends. Now, air, what is to be docs?' Mr. Bothwell meditated, with a carious half- regretful look in bis eyes. He was thinking of the picture of the dead marquis, down at Nivernois Court, to whieh his wife had "said he bom such a strong resemblance — hia own father's picture, evidently.' But now without, a child, or any hope of ever having one, he felt hot little anxiety to claim his rights. ' It is scarcely worth toe trouble," be said . speaking hie thoughts aloud. "I hare enough of toe world's goods, and care bnt little tor its honors. Hut toe truth ehonld, bs established. Well, toe brat thing we oan do is to go and see St. Aubyn. 1 haves letter from him, which refers to tore matter; nodenbi. Heknowsofit, doeehe?" " Yes," replied toe solicitor, with a sud den flash in his email eyes, "hs knows ol it." Mr. Bothwell drew from his pocket the letter dated Aberdndno Lodge, and tossed i? across toe table. " You oan read it, Mr Vant," he said. Mr. Vant read it mors than once, running his wiry fingers through his rusty wig. " He means compromise," he said at laid, his eyes twinkling; "that's what the mar- quis means. ' "fibril we visit him?" asked toe .iron master.;-" or send fur bim to come to Lon don?" " I Bank he has hie wife with him," said Vant. " She is ill, andtoe doctors sent her these for her health." "In that oaee," interrupted Mr. Bothwell, "we will go. 1 am anxious to settle this matter at onae, as I start for Bomein a fort night, Shall we go to-morrow?" "If yon tike, Mr. Bothwell." " Very well; to-morrow, at ten o'clock, then be it. Trios another glass of port, Mr. Vant, and rest assured that if I do make up my mind to take advantage of toe good for tune yon bare put within my reach, you ehalihaveyour reward." The solicitor helped himself to « aeeond glass, and smaeked his dry lipase he bowed himself out; and 'toe ironmaster left his private room and honied to Ins wife's apart ment, CiinHTigl ns he went ... "Poor IsaferiiJ£nh3EfuiepwB this strange XifiWBw-oentetIrom hjer; abala-Sou -wemrxo' t»p«r it,- Ajod "our babe wee murdered! Poor Irabu ! Little comfort would all tbeee empty honors bring to her 1" CHAPTER XX. THE OOiCX DBAWING- BOOII. A grey, ivy-grown pile of stone sod mer- tar.oo a beetling etifl on toe wild Writo coast facing toe Cardigan Bay, is Aberdndno Lodge, an entiqnated country seat, which came down to the St. Aubyne ages ago Item one of their ancestors. ; Hp and -down toe long upper terrace, with toe chill winds buffeting her small, hail figure, paces .our poor little Bess. ' She is robed fiom head to foot In a dress tagrey stuff that makes her look lik&h; mm, gut for ths scarlet scarf about her sboulderE, and her streaming flossy brir. - . She shivers at every Mast of the dreary wind, and toe right of tha beetling crags be- ; low seemed to terrify tact as tkey would a little child. Bat she utters no trim of cm- plaint; St. Aubyn has : brought bcrthere, and fit. Anbyn'fi will isherlan She is juet the sort of woman to be madep siare, and her proud,. handsome husbanahas- ail the characteristics of a tyrant, to. loves Bera as well as a man of his natnrfcan love any- tiring that belongs to him; If is tender of her hesltb, in his way, anawoufd grieve to lose her.; hut Uses and hisfcalian hound are on the same looting, a, are equally obedient. f | \- "St Aubyn has brought rftb Aberdudno Lodge for her health, endbeps told her to walk toe stone terrace for toh a length of time, and at certain. bonrs.a>f course she obeys him, though evety bfe in her body BCflwfl flwUl iMfB.. TatTtaUB». St. Anbyn has ridden dtta to poqttown for letters, and his wife is Spang, for trie re turn. At last, be comes #opiog over toe . shingle at e great rate, am in two minutes ' he is running up toe vie steps. Bess harries to meet him, heiwsek eyes shining with womanly tendernEiS He etoops and kisswer, though his cheeks axe flashed,, andp whole manner dedyexrited: S " You're been walktwos I told, you, Hera?" - " f . " Yei.dear.r I " WeUthat's a-good j- I daresay you'll feel much atronger toMnw. Now, tittie love; you mnst go own rooms ; I shall have visiters show, and . be oompied ullriight, perhaps wiSmportant business. Lqn't ventureidowii »lrmtil I grre you! perinisriran 131 amy our dinner. ami; lap, and come io .yonW®lf as eoon as 1 cam Three. feiesxnew; andrnnwwayiike Bgoodgiri." , fihejifta up ber white face, and IriBae, him, anfliliww makes her wayinto the dreary old hDUPerad up the etone stairs into a giaud, chBariyhamber: Three «ho sits in « to wohait. yearenonldsring fire, land rocking herselftaud fro, cobs away toe cbeedsBS hours. . Meanwhile- St. Wh ttonds npon the windy terraqd.'his m teDt upon toe road below, i He/has B reorived Inteliigeuoe that Mr. BrithwjllBTrtofcme Vantcwi in the neigiriibtoood Vbs'khUWswellenDai toat AbadndnoptethsireBtination. cted; fris htodsdvteutolBA'ma'etraigb determined' 1 itevi mouths this h orrifaj thing has ' btenjwfiPE "OVST" farm likew impending now tbe hourly Come whence jpnest it'fainetoiaqel Only tf«6 old eotiritt Bim tob Awhile htmneehbw ipBsWyhb was in"US|, and - 8t""his-xE fit. -Aubyti- Jjt| | tocracy. te JnjSaTli tiB one taomV' h town toiog beginning to fend. St. Aabyn Etood gpe-one etrndk dumb and blind; " Efi'j mercy's take, Vaut, <>on't betray me,"S» gasped ; " don't let any more of this cBged talk get afloat, . Help me to hash ifi up." Tbejbld man laugbed derlt'lpely. - "Help you to bush U up ?" he repeated. "Ad I've been neariy two years hunting np. proof and evidence? Not I, my lord 1 Yon have had your day, you and yonr race ; mine hue now come. I have notforgotten when I was turned from your proud father's door, and all for a trifling misdemeanor, that any good man wonld have pardoned. I swore an oath tost one day I wonld have my re venge. That day has eome. I hold yonr late in my hands, hot I warn you now to ex- peat no meroy." St. Anbyn bowed, bnt an awful terror elntefaed at bis heart. ' Yon will tell this Mr. Bothwell what yon have told me, then, Mr. Vant!" he asked. "lehall, my lord, I ehonld have told him weeks ago, but he is not in England." , . ' St. Aubyn said no more. He had latd.hia . plane to go with hie wife to Aberdndno Lodge, and he went, with toe impending doom hanging over hie head tike the sword; of Damocles. Acrid toe wild cliffs of Cardiganshire St. Aubyn thought the whole thing over, and made hie resolve. II the worst came to toe worse, he would die sooner than face the world, that knew him as a titled peer, as a nameless beggar — it might be an illegitimate son. He wonld sever do tost. No matter whst it cost him, he wonld cling to hie heritage, or relinquish it only with his life. Ha was: not a wicked man or a cruel one toen. bnt he was thoroughly selfish to his heart's com.' Sacrifice lor the cake of right or principle was something of which he had no compre hension. He looked his fate in toe faoe, and made np his mind that he must conquer it. How,' he conld not determine it. Bot vmsderimr ' through toe Old etone house tost overlooked the desolate sea-line, a vague and indefinite idea tookabapein fate brain. A very horrible idea it was, and at first . in tomri it from him with 3 ehadder. But if came again, ea such temptations always do, and by degrees he began to grow aoenstomed to its awful significance. By-and-by it haunted him like his own Shadow, and at a week'e end he sat down and wrote tost letter to Mr. Bothwell, requesting him to come to Aberdndno Lodge, and to bring Mr. Vant, the solicitor, with him. The letter went to London, and Mr. Both- ' well's agent sent it across -to France. St. Anbyn waited patiently, half dreading that ' they would tekeirimntiris word and come to Cardiganshire, and experiencing a cations sensation o! relief as day after day went by and brought so tidings from them. \- Bntihey were conring now; only an hour ago his valet had -eeen Vant and a gentleman, ja rteoager. together. Before toe sun rose agem, ail would he over. His cheeks pried' to toe fane of ashes, and his handsome irresolute month trembled weakly, but Iris eyes kept their steady watch upon the sandy road below. Presently a footstep rang upon the flag stone?, and his lordship wheeled round with a startled face; tmt it - was oxriy rid Sey mour, bis man - servant, the most devoted friend he had. "Ah, Seymour ! " said ths marquie. "IVhatisit!" "A carriage, my lord, at the south gate, and two gentlemen to eee you," replied the old man. St. Anbyn gave another start and grew ashen white, in spite of hie efforts at call- command. The old servant watched farm with anxious eyes. He -had been in the St. Anbyn lamily einoe his Infancy ; and served toe old marquis till his death, and now served hie son with a loving fidelity that was something wonderful to see. Wherever St. Anbyn went old Seymour followed ; toe devoted rid servant never felt his master's side ; and if it had been required of him, he would hare died as willingly and chserfnlly for his dear young, master's mj ode as he Bred to serve him. " My lord," be said, while St. Anbyn stood fur the instant irresolute, " whatruust I do ! Send tosm awsy?" His words roused toe marquis. "No, Seymour,' he replied, wheeling round, with blaring eyes and flashing cheeks; " oondoctthem in at once. £ will moot them now ; and, . Seymour, give m-iheu toatc&hner; hseerved without delay. Stay, one moment," he added, with a curious exJ pression flitting across his face, -"t— ImsdS start for London .before daylight. Pe/ f readiness to shut up toe Loage»taixa»fgKJ ' v warning, no you hear f - - — -jr " Yea, my lord," and vritoassd,BdJ face, toe rid man weutdown to toe r meet . toe. visitors. /„ B Aminute or two fats Mr. Treherne Vant were ushered w>/ Jj0ia , fit. Anbyn arose to recelve toep-7,, - " You perceive, mylcrd, „ n" master, whmtoethtreweiafair? wnliere, mjobedienBeto : Borne days ago, tewttoSa. to have tirie mmleMant iar get htok. toL0ndon!Bhf| delay to let iM. hearttejJ" meitteM BLjEE£1Sl2P" «nvnl»ive iulta, Hcjgfwreedat Mr. BothwelL anS.y eolimtor. _ "He fellow Vsathto£W oje «WT. He will hBve Well, 131 have -no: mercy oniritoSS?10 <!onlaa-' « r »» cnaPff toeeeyoo,Mr. Boih- wjj» ,„ ahdalao my soliratqr, hod no tone risFelot BOUB wur toEinesB >_ -gSacuuiub, you have no- touught : inf Isato?? to-night ; toere are many todionaJP??'' l®"? doeumeuts to Vaut?» wito c good- tTXJmdat -ths -rusty lawyer. lord," xeqponded -yjMOSng- hie-hsndB and snrilmg eB Tpsleirefjaee. , - . , TjpElieB parmea toe marqui blandly, UtotolBre_.isiiohope cf grating- torough Wore- midnight, we will fortifv .nnrtwlvaa aKth-iteriiiKeibqg&'.aaiere-gdes1 Xheh<aitiite;rius wayiityouatase." I emitinriy, and led toe vrey to I Ifcs dming-room, -toUoWed-by'lris gueete, rfSr fellow?" tobught Me. spirits. Only watchful old Seymour noticed his air of subdued excitement, and saw that he took little food, but drank wine in copioue draughts. When dinner was at last over, and the goestB arose, with the same odd Expression flitting aorors his face, St. Aubyn said : " Order tights in toe black drawing-room, Seymour ; we will sit there to-night." Seymour said not a word ; but as he left toe room to do hie master's bidding he looked back with a startled face. " This way, gentlemen," continued the marquis, quietly ; " it isn't pleasant climbing np to such a height ; but I keep my cabinet m the turret drevring- xoom, aud it contains some important papers that I wish to submit to Mr. Vant's inspection." He led toe way out into a dark and draughty corridoT, and up a -winding stair wsy, whieh pierced toe centre of the main tower of toe old house, known as the black turret, Mr. Bothwell following with unsue- peoting willingness, but toe solicitor looking about bim with alert, uneasy glances, as if he hed fears of being led into a trap. .After a few moments' laborious climbing, tbey left toe winding stone steps, and emerged into a large, square room, brilliantly lighted and strangely tarnished in black and scarlet. A cheerful fire blazed upon tbe blaok tiled hearth, and before a huge black cabinet, a black marble table was drawn np, and three great ohairs upholstered in black and scarlet velvet. " Now, gentlemen," said ibe marquis, "1 beg -that you will be seated, and when Sey mour has replenished toe fire, and brought us some wine, we shall find ourselves com fortable. This was my father's favorite i Are wing-room, and his father's before him, Mr. Bothwell," he continued, throwing himself into one of the great chairs with graceful negligence, "and daring my annual visits I invariably use this apartment for business an-2 private matters. That will do, Seymour ; you may go now." \- Seymour went ont with another startled, questioning glance at hie young master's face. Outside toe door he paused, and looked -distressingly about him . " What does that queer look on his faoe mean ? And his coming to sit in that black haunted hole?" he murmured in an awed voice. Then he stood -eriti, listening to the murmur of voices within. "I must try to save my dear young master," he continues, great tears trickling silently down his furrowed cheeks. " Surely there's something wrong a-brewing this night 1 1 must know what it is. and do my doty to my master." There was a ride-door at hand, which led into a small ante-zoom, communicating through .a silken alcove with toe turret drawing room in which my lord and his guests were seated. This door toe rid man . softly opened, and gliding iofai toe - curtained recess, im crouched down in toe dark. "Now gentleman," proceeded the merqu . ' " here is wine. Have toe goodnrae to help yourselves, will y on ?" / The wiry little solicitor chuckled and nodded, and helped himself \to a glass of port. ' "An, it while you may, you treacherous vampire 1" thought toe marquis. " Your days of enjoyment are drawing to a : close. You have not epared me, neitherwiff ; £ spare you." But he glanced across at the grave and . handsome feee of the ivnmastra, -with a feeling of pity etirrirg in Lie heart. " I would like to spare him, if I could," bethought. "He is not to blame, -and my blood rtms in his veins. I'Jl try to spare ; him, bnt I will never resign my name and heritage." The fire shot up into his eyes again, and he set his handsome teeth close and hard. " Mr. Bothwell," he began, in a blow, steady, determined voice. "Mr. Tant has told you tbe strange story cf the dying nnn'e " Mr. Taut has told me, my lord," xepliec Mr. Bothwell, quietly. . "That yon are Justin, Marquis of St Aubyn, and Lord of Nivernois Court, and 1 am the son — whether legitimate orillegiti mate, re yet to be determined — of Loxi Augusts St. Anbyn and Lady St. Aubyn' nursemaid?" / The ironmaster bowed gravely, and A- Vant looked on with exultant eyes. / " And you believe all this, Mr. Bothy" continued the marquis. I f believe it all, my ford ; the pr"B 0,8 indisputable." V " Then, sir, will you have to tell me what course yon/n'En 1 pursue ?" / Mr. Bothwell looked up vr1 a sudden flash in his dark eyes. / "I don't think that I amAu npon to act in this matter, sir," h/ePe' efSpifi- eantly ; "you should anir that question. Writ fldiuw int h pursue?" Something in his an the tone cf his voice seemed to"?nBe Botbwell's cootempt. TTa turfU and looked at him with a withering glr "There -is bat?"10 8Mse under the riroumstanoee, y lord, that an honorable man rzw/c purely " Mr, Bohr" yn ohl'g® tne by naming that & ,, „ "I -will," /urne" the other, hotly. " If yon are the/" take you to be, you will not tiMiiHtfc aypmte about resigning to me toe M. Atage that belongs to me from myrirtf That's what I should feell hound to do A6 1!n YOT plaoe, and that's what I cnrrnA J00 mtend to do when yen summon jgjre to confer with you." VAuhyn lay hack in his seat, and for a b/ mteval Ma face gave token of the ingrie that was going on within hhn. He flB not a depraved man, incapable of good eefls- He caw his way clear uoogfa, tmt he shrank from the self -sacrifice i involved cent's -ence, — — Wtewy WUIECUUig, ' he said, fixing iris eyee on toe httle lawyer, "you might have epared thiB gentleman andmysriiaHibiairouble. f was Willing to pay ynn wril for yonr mlenoe, bnt yon choee to - let- yonr -tongue run. .Sir, your revenge was short-lived, aud mine is at hand." Hie -whetted round andstrode across to ths door. There was a key in toe loch; he turned it. tookil out, and topped it in his breast pocket. . " Now, Mr. Bothwell," he said, confronting Ksgnest again, " you-andl will corns to an understanding." Hr. Bothwell rose to his feet, and met St. Aubyu'a excited face with his quiet, self ' poseessedgaze. a 'Why have yon. looked toe door, air?" he asked , " Am I to he held w prisoner here while you dictate your terms to me ?" " Yra, Mr. Bothwell,"retamea toe marquis coolly.- "That is precisely my intention." The ironmaster's face darkened with SnMlF. ftta IIHIA IcmwM twin > <t r t_y «wwvi <nnvM vcau «u yrjSES etHVBr an liis xmty knee-fereccfaep. "lam core -we can come to an amicable Vmdraeta&ding;, my lord," he ventured to ray iu a craven, whining way. " I know "Mr. Bothwell to he a liberal geatlemgn : and"— ' "Silencei" interrupted fit. AnbVc, ,'n s voice that made toe lawyer start vrilrom his seat. "Who asked yon what Mr.feotliwell trill or trill not do! I'U confer fcth Km mpBell, andwito yon," too, my friend, when your turn comes. " 1 H hUl UMJTI 11 jfcwrnnl !L. ? . master agrin, '"mll yoahave t3eoodnsss: to let . me toiow what yon flX »-n- brands?".-.; M Myrights, eir, "responded tra othenm- I : The rnlrqiris wtneed praceplVfi bit his toewrawrafmott-anShold. I - Heritage triOwhria. anfi havMhdi almost hiucetoe hour ; ofwy . hirthf Iraiat tfell ivnn jtowril, ith I shall not rirtueri The ironmaster looked at him with an ex-, pression of regret in his grave fearless eyes-; " I hoped for better things of you, mj lord," ho said, slowly. " I am sorry to fie" myself so deceived and disappointed ; 1?' your dishonest and unprincipled course wi" necessarily force me to have my own by al of the law. I had inf ended to deal genpr ously with you, eir ; indeed, if y had effered to give me back "j? own, which yon have so long and wrong'"1-? held, I am not sure that I ehonld have rite advantage of your boneety. I came b0' sir, irresolute whether to claim my rigb'" not, for I am not an avaricions man, D7. have enough and to spare but yon' 01 " honesty has decided me. Since yon relE0 . resign to me my name and birthright, naI which I have so long been defrauded By Y" - mother's deception, let me tell ycu"10, will have them— name, title, every thi"S-. For the space oi a minute af ter tbis 00 ." what protracted speech, dead silence and the two men stood eyeing -feaeb f" . ' Mr. Vant looked on, his exultation "la g,K up again, in spite af his craven !0>v Aubyn was tbe first to break thfe sih"0;" .. " Mr. Bothwell," he said, a eligfc1 Vcht abont his handsome mouth, " yon.a?L®J no doubt, and I would like to he r'£ . cn_, magnacimous aud unselfish, ahdslltna of thing ; but eurely you must ee0,j eanuot. Tbat line of conduct wool" ea e me a beggar, and worse, nanrels®' Pv? ' in the eyes of a world that hm woMhippea me from my youth. I cannot Eta T01? Mr. Bithwell, end I cannot ?'ve J"a what you claim. Bat is there hot!""®. 6 110 other conditions ! Name #o"r F"08 one" half, or even more than ons-i"'.!1 ' sessions. I will pay you'wef j?0? go back to your iron mines 6 affair drop." J . , There was in his blow eye® 8 B®ul en treaty that touched Mr? Iijli0'!.8 heart, bot he answered, with premp' " No, eir; I will not lie bought off at any price. Tbe world shall Jfcno ' Beore' m" You are fully decldll?" 8Eked e mar quis, that white, strengp I""!® oreePin8 over hia face again. f " Fully derided, sir.? , .... " Will you take more ti"18 to thmk it over?" | ""Not a tnicnte. xaftde np, and years would nevtp :bo"F0 W>" " Yeiy well, Mr. Bptbwefi-" . He -wheeled round/ Bud crossed -to the toll, black cabinet. f "Now, Blr. Yant, i! J"n Tle8E». we witi examine those paper® 1 Epoke-of," he said. His voice eocnde? bon®8 And unnatural, and there was an awfal l""!- his face. Tbe lawyer noticed it/ sol a thrill of terror shook him fromfheri to loot ; but he ap proached, as did Abe ironmaster, the black cabinet before which fit- Anbyn stood. Tbe latter put lip bis band as if to take out A -roll of papers fthat occupied A small shelf, hut, instead, bo poshed irerdjAgrinst some thing which yielded with A fibsrp snap. The next instant ha leaped suddenly aside, and the floor in rnt nf the cabmet -went down with a dull crteb, end. toe lawyer and Mr. Bothwell wenSdoini irith it. For an instant there was a yawning black tosem, a rush of/eribsome air, a stifled, gurgling cry, tnd P®0 tbe blAck trap-door- rose Elowly m an" wss adjusted in its -rid plane by anoihe/ ebarp snap el its secret -machinery ; any with a face like tbe face -ol a dead man, & Anbyn stood in toe black dn.wing-rooi/-a'one'l / CEAPTEB XXT. - / A ETEISGE HEETIKG, For sminute, perhaps, after toe disappear- - ance cjMr. Bothwell and the lawyer into toe ebyss/ne Marquis ol St. Aubyn stood toere, witoterirted eyas and listening -ears, snfi toei"8 made a frantic rush at the door. " I'm safe," he articulated, in a strange, choking whisper, as he groped at the lock ; " that fall mnst have killed them instantly. From the turret down to the old donjon ! ft is terrible to think of, though ! Bat they forced me to it. Why couldn't they let me alone 7 Corse this door I — shell I never get it open ? Ah, here's the key in mv pocket. I forgot." - His hands shook, his very knees bentunder him. At last he got the door open, and roshsd cut headlong, ae if a ghost were at hie heelE. "Seymour, Seymour 1" heoatied.atumblmg : on towards the great stairway- From a shadowy corner toe rid man sud denly shot up. « What is it — what's toe matter, my lmd ! " he gasped, his face not less ghastly .than his master's. . " Who said anything was tbe matter 3" re turned St. Anbyn, hotly. "Stand off.you idiot? Why do you stare At me so?" <3h, ioy dear young master," entreated toe poor old man, with Ins Affrighted eyes raised to toe young man's face, "Tfhathave ' yon done? -St. Aubara raised his hand as if to strike at bun m his sudden rage and fear. he cried1 Ja 06686 BEkE 108 questions ?" "Nothing is the matter, enly I'm going honr" h8d Buwa from London. I must start at unto. Are dered?" 40 the house, as 1 or- howca his he#a,aua then added, an hiB tremulous -voice : . j guerisr?"rd "hat have you done trilb ow| ... "Done, with them?" echoed St Anten seuang his arte and forcing him dtrappfj words toe stairs. "I have .lm. Jmstt. with thrin. They are gone— gone the London train — and l am going too BS qoiok 1 Have out the horses and tout nW the house, and don't tsk another question, if you valne your life." The rid man obeys, wringing his hands and -moaning as he descends the winding Bssura. ; St. Aubyn darts hack to the floor o! toe black drawing-room, shuts it and lobka it, petting tbe jseyin tie pocket, mid then fol- lwe m Jold Seymour's a stnoge fetong of rdiri,as if he had locked his dark mghte work safe and secure in that uiEFBl room. He crosses toe draughty corridor, and SS?- to his wile's zoom?, S ow wnouldraing atoes, w»»twed m her soiHrf, her hrown hair ftMncheekS, toe tears tebt ybt Idry upon herd on g Ashes. - . I?" a' VJ' littie Bess, ana-loBt in A happy dream. A rivid emOe lightB .her eitn featureg, her Jisuds Are 1 toEsflmona, Bedmond, is it you?"j. Tbe ironmaster dropped bis pen and stared at his ah, Seymour!" said the marquis 11 WJiat istiT A carriage, my lord, et the( south gate, two gentlemen to see you," replied the cTd man. i St. Aubxu leaped suddenly aside, and the floor in front of the cabinet went down with a dull crash. the lawyer and Mr. Roi&weli; tvent down with it. 