WE ALL A STORY OF YOUTHFUL LIFE AND ADVEN TURE IN ARKANSAS. Br OCTAVE THANET. \- Author of "The Bishop's Vagabond," "Expiatiox." &c.; Chatter XIL— The Boys see some Ghosts. This was not a reassuring speech. Cecil's heart sank ; but his spirits rose again at Ally's next words, uttered as he peered sharply about him, in the dusk: "There ought to be some signs of the path to the store. Yes, I see it, " "A store !" Cecil exclaimed, joyfully, "are we near a store ?" " Only a ruined store and plumb full of ha'nts." "Ants !" "Well, ghosts, then." "Oh, I don't mind ghosts. They're not half fts bad as bugs." " Don't you believe in ghosts ?" "No. Do you?" "Ally wore his stolid expression and an swered like a Scotchman — that is he did not really answer at all " Well, papa andmainma don't neither ; butCobbs' brother- in-law he died on account of meeting up with & ghost." "Don't you think we better goto this store?" said Cecil, loath to tacklo the subject of Cobbs in any way. " How far are we from home?" " Most eight miles," answered Ally des pondently, " three miles off tho road if wo cut through the swamp by the old cross road. Like's not we should get mixed up too." " Can you find tho way ? Is the road plain ?" "There isn't any road, now, and the trees have grown up so you can't hardly find where it was. It was a road before the war." " Then I should say we better go to the store, Bnd stay all night. We can build a fire and start early in the morning. " Alan looked about him rather wistfully ; g,Say, why couldn't we camp further on, build & fire against a log near some cunc, aud some water?" "But the store isn't far from here." "Maybe half a mile." "Tliat'b not for and then we'll be under shelter." Ally had dismounted and was leading Rasmus; he stood still, kicking tho loose clods of earth with his foot. "Surely you don't mind the ghosts," said Cis. Instead of the denial that he expeotcd,hi9 cousin answered very seriously: "Well, there is something queer about this place. But I'll tell you ; and then, if you say go, all right, I ain't any more afraid than anybody else." " Wo might be walking along that way while you tell it," suggested CeciL "No, "said Ally, bluntly, "I don't guess you'll crave that way after I have told you ; I can just as well tell it, here." Secretly, Cecil determined that he would goto the store if only to show Ally that he was not so easily scared ; but he sat down politely while Ally turned tho horses. Then, seating himself beaido Cecil, resting his elbows on his knees and his chin on his hands, Alan told the story of tho haunted store. It was a cross roads store during war times and some guerillas had beou captured and shot in front of the door. Their ghosts it was that made tho spot torrible. "They were mighty bad men and did a heap of murdering" — thus Ally explained the case— "so now they just naturally can't rest in their graves, 'cause they didn't havo no graves. CoL Rutherford just let them lay where they were shot. Their bones are somewhere round here, Cobbs says, what the pigs didn't get, and he says that's how come thoy are ghosts- having no proper place to stay in." Cecil jumped up laughing. " Well, we better go and see thorn— if they want to show them selves." "Sit down," said Ally, "I'm not through . yet." "Excuse me, I thought you had finished." Cecil seated himself with his usual politeness. "It isn't all talk about the ghosts," Ally continued, "Folks have seen these ghosts." " I fancy they were darkeys." " Tiio darkeys did see them," said Ally simply, not detecting the covert sneer at his superstition, " and they most killed Unk. Joe. Collins. He didn't run off like the others when they heard noises and saw a light in tho store. He was right bravo and stole up to tbo houso to peep in —and that was all ho know ; ho heard a clap of thunder and saw lightning, and tho next thing he know he wa3 a laying on tho ground and the tars wero shining, and ho jumped up and ran home, and when he got home ho was sick with cramps, and ho cramped and cramped till ho 'most died." ' " Is that all?" said tho young sceptic from the north, who showed no' signs of boing im- pressed. ".No, it isn't oil," said Ally. " There was a . heap of talk about it, and Coobs'. brother-in-law . —ho was deputy sheriff then and he was brave fts brave, and he 'lowed thorn might bo . moon i shiners thore, so he and two other men went to tee and they went at night ; and when they got ..there it was moonlight and the stars were , shining, but there came a powerful loud clap of . thunder. And then they saw a light in tho store that would shine and then go out. And J ? ; " V, All rights reserved. they heard sounds like a hammer or somebody knocking. So the other two men were scared and wanted to go homo, but Cobbs' brother-in- law just laughed at them and ran ahead into the house. Then the light went out." Ally paused, not to be dramatic, but to fish in his pockets for something. He pulled out a clumsy knife. " That belonged to him," said be, lowering his voioe. " Cobbs gavo it to me— afterwards. " Ally opened the blade. "It's a splendid knife," said ho with respect. "What became of Mr. — the man you wero telling about ? " " Oh, he was dead. They all ran into the house but ho was lying on the floor, dead." "Who killed him ?" "That's tho question. There wasn't a wound or a mark on him, just 'cept a blue spot on his temple, and his revolver was in his hand, and there wasn't a sign of anybody 'bout." "What did your father think?" Baid Ois, not quite ready with an explanation. " Oh, ho reckoned it was moonshiners ; but ho and Cobbs and some more men rode over there the next morning and searched all round, but they couldn't find anythiug. And papa and Cobbs " — Ally's faco lighted out of its stolidity — "papa and Cobbs and Henri stayed all night. I just remember how Sally cried, she was so 'fraid something would happen to papa, and I reckon I cried, too, thinking how tho ha'nts might kill him and Cobbs. But they wouldn't let me go, just hollered on Uncle Joe Peat and he took me home." " Why, did you follow them ? " "Yes, said Ally, with a shamefaced look, "roJo after thorn on my pony, with my shot gun and tho sharpest kitchen carving knife and rode homo bellering all the way and lost the carving knife. I tell you Aunt Ciudy was rarin' on me for that." " When did it happen ? " uo, ooug two years ago. >v e never uiu find out anything. And there wasn't any whisky for sale, 60 I don't guess it was moon shiners. Papa reckons it was, though; but Cobb3 reckons it was sure ghosts." Cecil looked at Ally musing by trying tho edge of his blade with his fingers ; after all, though ho was such a little savage, Ally was about as bravo as a boy could be. He thought of the stout hearted, superstitious little creature riding with his Bhot gun and his carving knife, he remembered the simple admiration which both the children had shown him and which ho had taken quite ashisdue, beiugsoused tofiattery; and, all at once somothing deep down in the lad's nature gave him sorao very curious twinges. It was ridiculous for a little man of the world to feel abashed aud ashamed, but Cis. recalling Ally's look of mortification and disappointment that morning had a taste of both those bitter feelings. "I daresay he would have done as much for me this morning," thought Cis; " but ho wouldn't now." He felt a tingling desire to win Ally's admira tion back. Very likely it was this as much as' anything else that made him rise and say care lessly, "Well, we can't find the store in the dark so perhaps we would better bo going." " You don't mean you want to stay there to night !" cried Ally, his jaw falling. "Why not?" We don't believe in ghosts, and if there wero tnoonshiuers they will bAvo gone a long time since. It is plainly impossible for us to get borne, and I think it would be rather a lark, don't you ?" "No," said Ally, "I'd hate it terribly." " Well, I want to see the house. I never saw a haunted house. The fellows in Chicago will laugh if I get so near a real, genuine haunted house and don't take a peek. I say, Ally, you show me tho way and you can can stay outside and I'll go in." Ally had resumed his dogged air. "All right," ho said, rather sulkily, " if you want to go so bad, I'll carry you. But you'll wish you hadn't !" Here was not a gracious acquiescence, but, for once, Cecil did not feel disposed to criticism ; in au obscure way, he was touched by Alan's re fusal to doscrt bim, and at the same time his former desire to impress the southern boy was sharpened. He tried to awaken Ally's enthusiasm by describing what tun it would be to tell about their adventures next morning. "Yes," Ally admitted, doubtfully, "if we ain't killed up some way before morning." But if Cecil's eloquence could not convince Ally, who certainly was not an imaginative boy, at least, it fully conquered his own fancy. Ho could bcq himself rehearsing his adventures to the boys at home. Ob, no, he wouldn't talk of them as adventures, or brag, or be a cad about it ; he would just say in a careless way that he had onco spent a night in a haunted house ; then they would ask about it and he would repeat Ally's gruesome tales— he would ask Cobbs about them, no doubt there weio plenty of dreadful particulars — the fellows would get so excited and he would 6ay : — " So Ally and I stayed all night." Then he would stop and thoy would say, "Well, what then? What hap pened ? What was he stopping for ?" And ho would answer ; that was all. Nothing hap pened. There was no more to tell. An unexpected, cynical denoumcnt of this sort was quite to Cecil's taste. He smiled in advance over the picture. Meanwhile, Ally, with a dejected face was tethering the horses. "Easier gotting along without thorn," ho muttered, " Say, Cis, I wonder how 'twould do to let Nig looso ? He'd maybe git homo of his own notion, and maybe we could send word homo where we were." " So wo could to bo sure," said Cecil, eyeing Ally with a certain astonishment. Why hadn't ho thought of the plan instead of stupid Ally? Well lie wasn't as suro as he had been that Ally was so stupid. Meanwhilo poor Ally looked anything but cheerful. He had fished a lead pencil out of his pocket and was writing his note on tho back of a letter. His pale eyebrows wero knitted, ho bit his tongue in tho dangerous and improper fashion which he had whenever he became ex cited. He wiped his heated brow with a very soiled handkerchief and sighed deeply. Cecil took the note handed to him and read : " Dear sis, wo are in a mighty bad scrap fixing to go to tbe hantid store, please como quick and help us. Get Mr. Markham, I reokon tho ha'nts will kill us if you don't, I'm sorry I treated you so mean, if I'm killed you can havo my horso and my books, please givo mamma and papa my love and Cobbs to and my five dollar gold picco and my silver watch. Your Loving Brother, AEAN." Cecil, for onco, did not feel inclined to smilo at Ally's great sprawling hand and original spelling. Ho was touched. Lightly as ho viewed tho poril from ghosts it was a real and most dreadful poril to tho southern boy ; yet Ally did uot flinch, or dream of deserting him. " He is braver than I," thought Cis, and felt ashamed of his suporcilious treatment of tbo simple hearted boy. Yet ho couldn't quite bring himself to abandon hie gorgeous visions of shin ing ab a epoctro tamer. He handed back tho note, only saying : "That is just the thing." \- And Ally carefully (his tongue still between his tooth) tied it on to Nig's bridle with a bit. of twine.' Almost as if ho could understand and would spc&k;, the horse arched his heck, looked steadily at Ally with his liquid eye, and thon, turning composedly, trotted off into tho darken ing wood. Rasmus limped after him. The two boys watched tho horses out of sight. Neither spoke, but each was conscious ot a lonesome, ohilly sensation, like the night air. Involuntarily, both looked at the rod nail sinking behind the black trees. Ally spoke, "we better make haste," said he, gruffly, "if wo want to get to the store beforo dark." "With that ho struck into the wood under brush. Cecil followed bim, saying nothing. There was a clearing about tho store. "When the boys came out in tho open they could see the black and battered shape outlined against a dim steel sky. Once it must have been a substantial building, but tho roof had settled away, doors and win dows gaped, the shingles had peeled from the roof, the bricks wero tumbling from tho chim neys and the floor of the porch on ono Bldo had sunken away from its supporting column, which, by consequence, was poised cfookedly.in tho air, giving the wholo porch the appearance of just stepping off from the house. Ally had como to a full halt. " There's a right smart of room under that piazza," said he. "What you say to camping under there? We could bo right snug and comfortable." "And not go into tho house ? " " There ain't nothing to see in the house." " But we could build a firo"— A sudden clutch of his arm cut the words short. AUy pointed to tho store. They both saw it ; a long, thin torch like flame that leaped athwart tho black square, once a window, quivered and sank. Thoy both heard it ; the tap tap of a ham mer. " Let's run, Cis ! " whispered Ally. He did run a little space; but when ho was aware that CiB wasn't with him he came back. Cis stood, rather white, examining his re volver. The house was dark and stilL A harsh, wail ing cry made Cecil present his pistol. "That ain't nothing but an owl," said Ally; ho was quite out of breath, but he did not look a pale as Cecil. "I'm going up to that house," said Cecil firmly, "a fine story we'll have to tell to morrow, if we hear a noise and run !" "Cobbs says 'taint no disgrace to run when there ain't nothing to bo got by Btaying," said Alan the cautious. "But there is something," urged Cecil; " mobbe we'll find tho ghost !" Strange to say, Ally did uot appear to be tempted by this prospect. "I don't believe it's anything but tramps," said Cecil, putting on a bold f rout which, to tell the truth, he was far from feeling, " and if it is, perhaps they'll havo something to cat. Anyhow, I'm going to find out." He would havo run across the clearing had not Ally detained bim. "If you're going," said Ally, "yon might as well go quiet like round, by tho trees. If it's ha'nts it won't do any good, but if it's moon shiners it wilL Hash, now. Do like I do." Very cautiously, in Indian fashion, skirting along the trees in the shadow of an overgrown hedge, the lads crept up to the house. Certainly sounds came from the house; and no starlight or sunset ever lighted up the rooms like that. Nevertheless, although they could hear their own hearts beat, they kept on. Outside the hedge, Ally fell on his hands and knocs, and so orawled up to the wall of the room which seemed to bo lighted. Tho weather boarding had huge cracks, through which (so slightly are Arkansas houses framed) one could Bee plainly into the rooms behind. Ally glued his eyo3 to a crack. Cecil instantly crept to his side. Beforo he could look, lie felt his cousin's cold hand on his lips, A kind of electric tremor of emotion ran from one young creature to the other. Somehow Cis lenew that Ally saw something terrible, and just as surely he uivined that this sight of horror was an over whelming surprise. If he didn't sco ho could hear. There came a rattle of hammer blows, a deep hum of voices. Cis pushed closer. He answered Ally's dumb caution with a nod beforo ho peered through the crack, to recoil as if he had been shot, stilling an exclamation. Instantly Ally pulled him away, and began with infinite caution to crawl back into the shelter of the hedge. Swiftly as he could, Cecil crawled after him. Ally motioned him to pass him, to hurry. The boys' faces wero white; they tore their hands and knocs on the hard ground whilo they pressed forward in a kind of frenzy of haste, that yet never made a souud. Not until they stood in tho shadow of the cypresses, rods away from tho house, did thoy venture to speak ; oven then it was in a whisper, while they caught each other by tho arm, trembling. " Cis," whispered Ally, " did you see ?" "Dawsey!" whispered Cecil back. "He'd havo dono us like ho did Cobbs's brother-in- law," said Ally, drawing a deep breath, " laws, ain't he a terrible wicked man ! ' What then had tho boys soen? The scene might not striko every one as a spectacle to send two brave lads scampering off on all fours liko frightened mice. They had looked in on a bare room, furnished with nothing beyond a lamp, the broken chimney of which explained tbo ominous flickering light, a stained pine table, a box, with a tanglo of green covered wires, bottles and brass knobs near it ; and a heap of rings and small, round, flat btaok objects strewn over the table ;akettlo smoking in the ruined firo place, an anvil in one corner, littered with hammers aud sledges, and a cheap, etroug trunk in the other. Dawsey and two other men wcro tho occu pants of the room. Dawsey stood before the firo looking at some thing in the palm of his hand. Ono of his companions hammered at tho anvil. Tho other, with bared and dripping anna, bent over the box. His hands wcro full of silver. Perhaps a boy might suppose that this Bcone meant only an honest workshop— perhaps, again, ho might guess that tho men were counterfeiters and what thoy mado was base money, to rob tho poor and defraud the Government. Ally knew very littlo about counterfeiters, but ho knew a great deal about old Dawsey ; tho real meaning of tho scene, more than that' tho true explanation for those mysterious horrors of fright and death which his father had sought to solve in vain, flashed over him with paralysing complotone3s and Bwallowed up every other sensation iu a p&nio; of fear ami fury. Rago as much as terror bliook Ally's nerves, whilo Cecil only realised their danger. "Thoy must havo killed that man," said he. "Hit him with a hammer," AUy muttered; " they lowed to kill the darkey somo way, but ho was too thick hoaded. I reckon then they oleared everything out slick or papa would havo found them." Ho shut tho knife, which ho was holding in hie hand. "Dawsey would havo killed us if he had found us," said Cecil very low; and ho oould not repress & shudder. "Como on, they may catch us yet," ho cried, hurrying blindly forward. "No," said Ally, " not -that way, Cie we just havo to get homo to-night and to send folks over yonder. And we got to go back a littlo to strike the old road. That's our only. chance." " Oh, I can't," cried Cecil. "Well, wo havo to," said AUy, "elao well winder about all night, and maybe Sally and" them will come after us, and then "I'll go," said Cecil; "that would ho too horrible !" "Well, I don't know," said Ally. "Not if sho fetched enough of our folks 'long." Cecil now was as eager to run back to poril as before he had been reluctant ; but Ally said that they must stay in their covert until it was too dark for them to bo observed from tho houso. "I know where the road starts," said Ally, "there's a big dead sycamore trunk right at tho turn. We can't miss it. And in hout an hour the moon will rise. StAy hero half an hour." It was a nerve trying half hour. The lads were ohillcd to the bono with fright and tho nipping night air; remember it was Decomber. Gusts of wind moaned in the distant forest and rattled tho near tree branches and tho thick ropes of muscadine and trumpet vine tangled about the treo trunks. The owls hooted dis mally above them. They fancied a hundred sounds of pursuit in the breaking of treo limbs or the splash of falling acorns into tho pools of the swamp, or the piercing calls of the wood creatures. And steadily, steadily, tbo darknesss blurred the lino of tho landscape and the forest and that dark house of crime. Huddled closo to each othor tho boys waited. Ally's arm stolo about Cecil's neck. Cecil's arm clasped Ally's waist; their cold ohoeks touched as they whispered : " Cis," said Ally, "I truly am sorry I hit you !" Then Cecil's pride clean broko down. " I was to blame, Ally, ho cried with a sob in his voico, " I didn't mean what Isaid about Cobbs. If we get out of this I'll do something nico for Cobbs." " I had'nt ought to have got so mad" — Ally wont on penitently—" ain't it queer, if I hadn't thought so much of you I wouldn't havo been half so mad. Say" — in a half-cmbarraed tone — "do you know I wanted to cry and hit you at tho same time. I never did see a boy I liked so much as I do you." And Cis— could it be the littlo premature man of the world who answered: "And I never saw a boy I liked as much as I do you. Ally, , let us be friends all our lives long, like tho old knights. Brothers in arms, you know." " All right," said Ally, who had not the least idea what Cecil meant ; but thought it sounded nice and friendly. " Or like your father and mine," he added after a second's thought. " Yes," said Cecil, very low. They wero both silent a little while. Though he was such a big fellow and felt desperately mortified at his weakness, the thought of his father unnerved Cecil and the tears rolled down, bis cheeks. Ho knew wlrnt his father's grief would be if harm came to him. And he had brought Ally iuto the peril, too. " It's my fault," ho burst out, " if I hadn't persuaded you; you never would have come." " "Well, I don't know," s.%id Ally, "I reckon it's a good thing wo found out Gome, Cis. it's dark enough." They stood up. Then to Cecil's surprise AUy knelt down in tho mud and covered his face with his hands. " I most forgot to say my prayers," said ho simply, " papa always did say his prayers before he went into battle. Got your revolver ready Cis ?" " It's ready, Ally." Ally nodded. Ho softly stole out of tho wood, Cecil close behind. Thoy heard tho hammers ringing but the window must have been screened in some way for tho only sign of light was through the gaps in tho walls. They ran. Their feet mado no sound on tho soft ground. They ran and ran ; post tho sycamore, down the clear space, until the broath failed them and Ally gasped : " I reckon we're all right, now ; I can't see the house." They rested a few momonts beforo they went on. One danger had only given place to another. To Cecil there was no traco of a road, but Ally's woodman's eye marked a kind of band ruuniug through tho woods where there were no trees or trees of a smaller growth. More tlian once thoy wero obliged to leave even this poor trail, because the water had over flowed the road at every depression. On these occasions Ally carefully noted in which direction thoy turned. " Go the right, then I bear to tho left, and wo get back," said ho, " there'U be more of a road by and by when we come to tbo old corduroy." . They tramped on and on, so tired now that they were past talking. After a long time, Ally stopped. The moon rodo high in the heavons. He could see down tho road. Ho leaned forward. "There were two ronda here once," he muttered, " I don't know whioh way to turn " Tiicn ho suddenly pulled Cecil into tho shadow of the troos. " Doyou hear ?" ho whisporcd. " They're after us," gasped Ccoil, What they both heard distinctly was the gal loping of horses. 