THE MAGAZINES FOR JUNE. -, - M V Final Notes, One of the most telling articles in the June magazines is that on " The Gods of Greece," by Mr. J. It Mozley, in Temple liar. The writer, as everybody knows, is a brilliant scholar, and he belonged to the Oriel coterie to which Cardinal Newman, Froude, and White belonged, though he afterwards parted company with the m. Therefore anything he may have to say on Greek religion is certain to be worth reading. We confess, however, that we can hardly follow him when he writes thus of the fall of Athens : As far as merely paying honour to the gods by splendid ceremonials went, the Athenians of the age of Pericles were among the most religious of mankind. But in matters of conduct Athens relied on herself, and not on the gods. In the terrible Peloponnesian war, which began half a century after Salamis, him self-reliance was too fatally manifested. It is true that in the inn pressive account which Thucydides gives of the brillant start of that expedition to Sicily from which all the works of Athens took their rise, the public prayer to the gods has a prominent place. But that prayer was not for guidance, but for favour ; the resolution of Athens had been taken irrespectively of it. Throughout tho whole of the latter half of the fifth century before Christ, religion at Athens was ceasing to be vital and becoming a matter of form. We see this in the lament and apprehensions of a conservative poor like Sophocles, no less than in the growth of the tribe of SophNts, who thought that it needed but a few clever fellows like themselves to set the world right; and again in the recklessness of conduct which began so fatally to abound in all the doings and sayings of the Athenians and of their imitators in the various parts of Greece. And the result of this recklessness was seen in the dark days of Sicily, in the final disaster of JEgmpotainos, in the ruin which thereafter, befell the Athenian cause. Mr. Mozley SOOIUB to mean that if the Athenians had continued to believe in Zeus, Aphrodite, and the Delphian oracle, they would not have been overthrown in the Peloponnesian war. But surely the soldiers of Napoleon and Moltke were not steeped in medieval superstitions. Another noteworthy contribution to Temple Bar is a poem called " A Noble Game of Lawn Tennis." Successful as a work of art it is not but one cannot help reading it The idea is that a woman plays for a man's soul, and as the devil is the umpire, she naturally loses. Blackwood is on exceptionally successful number. The Russian story, " A Secret Mission," developer well ; there is a pathetic short story called " A Sketch in Five Phases and there is a super- natural tale, " The Strange Occurrences in Canter stone Jail," which takes one's breath away. Moreover, papers on the "Nile Campaign of 1889 " and on " Jamaica'' are both very good reading. in Longman's Magazine there is an amusing jeu d'esprit about a ghost playing cricket. The articles on " Collaboration 'is (in literature), on " Thunderstorms," and on " Some Indian Wild Beasts," should not be passed over. The last, which is by Mr. a T. Buckland, F.Z.S., contains many curious facts. Here is one about the crocodile: The crocodile is very tenacious of life. Once when staying at an indigo factory on the Ganges we were greeted on our return from a long morning's shooting by the news that some fishermen had caught a live crocodile in their nets, and had brought it upon a bullock cart to the factory. A strong rope was tied round its loins, and it was put into the factory tank or reservoir while we dressed and breakfasted. After about an hour we had the creature pulled out of the tank, and tried to kill It. A few bullets seemed to make little impression ; a spear thrust down its throat was of no avail. At last its head was chopped off with a Sontal axe, and the body was cut open and the vital organs taken out. The muscular action still continued to move the tail when the beast was headless and its heart was lying on the ground by its side. This crocodile was about 6ft. long, and a large fish was found in its stomach. The boat article in Macmillan is one on "So Quincey," by Mr. George Saintsbury, who is steadily accumulating fame as a literary critic This particular criticism strikes us as nearly perfect He sees every fault in De Quincey and also very excellence. E. P. Wylde writes on the question, "Can Women Combine?" He thinks they cannot, or that the attempt to do so would be ruinous, but most of his arguments-he is curiously blind as to this-were used when men began to combine. Mr. Rudyard Kipling, who has shot up like a rocket into literary celebrity, sends- a story, which he calls " Without Benefit of Clergy." It is the story of a young Mahommedan woman bought as a slave, who passionately loves the somewhat phlegmatic Englishman who has purchased her to be his mistress. Nobody, can read it without being deeply impressed by the writer's intense vitality and tragic power. An excellent likeness of Mr. Walter Besant is the frontispiece to the Century Magazine. The article which follows is on " London Polytechnic and People's Palaces," and the writer begins with these somewhat striking remarks : No people in the world, not even the Americans or the Russians, seem further from the fagged out point than the English. Their strength, in Scripture phrase, it as their day. They do not welcome change for the sake of change, and they set about their necessary reforms tardily and reluctantly. But ones fully convinced, they move with irresistible decision and force. Thus they continue from time to time to make the most important changes in their political constitu- tion, each new change only preparing the way for the next one, and finality Beaming still as remote as over. They have led the world in the stupendous industrial achievements of the past century, and they seem not unlikely yet to lead the world in those social reforms that the modern economic system has made so necessary. The remainder of the magazine is about up to its usual standard of merit, but no paper calls for special mention. In this instalment of his autobiography, Mr. Jefferson speaks of the visit of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Kean to Australia. They were warmly received, but Mr. Jefferson thinks that they failed to interest Australian audiences. Mr. W. G.Grace writes on "Cricket" in The English Illustrated. That he can play cricket is undoubted, but his article, to say the plain truth, is excessively dull, though it will be road for the sake of the writer. The magazine also contains some verses musical but trivial-by Lord Tenny- son, called "Crossing the Bar," which are set to music by Professor Stanford. An article on "Gambling," by the Rev. Harry Jones, and one on *'Aberaminergau," by Mr. Austin Clare, are, with Mr. Christie Murray's story, " The Bishop's Bible," the most striking part of the contents of The Newbery House Magazine. 