Rough on Politicians. inr "Echoes from the Smoking-room " in the S.A. Register, " Scribbler" writes: -" We have much to be thankful for. The Smokingroom traditions speak in awe of a serious man ewho was not only patriotic, and therefore valuable as . curiosity, but who watchel the mannouvringe of poli tacians in a certain Austra!ian Assembly during fire sessions, and still did not'be come cynical or sceptical, or try to steal his neighbor's firewood on the sly. But when he had endured part of the sixth sessiot.that man gave up at the same titne the unequal struggle and the ghost. The alternative to death seemed in his ianuy to be contempt for, distrust of. and disbelief in almost everybody. Before he finally departed he saw continually inbhis troubled dreams long files of public men with axes to grind, and an endless proces bion of people in the peculiar shapes of the grindstones for there axes. That spectacle affected his head. He became too weak-minded even to mingle with politicians. A meek man may endure a prolonged serenade upon an. asthmatic street organ. and still continued to be a a consistent thoaugh sorely tempted Chris tian; a strong man may sustain the dire tribulation of 20 minutes' consecutive conversation by telephone,. and come out of the ordeal with some shreds of self. respect and sanity, even though the atmosphere should be sulphurous and the hoar frost of worry should have prema turely whitened his hair; but it is harder for a loafer to lass a post without reaning against it. or for a boy to watch a football match without yelling, or for a woman to to sit in a church without criticising her neighbors' bonnets, than for a man who is the proprietor of the average stock of human nature to closely study things political, and still possess the capacity to look out artlessly upon the world with' an unsuspicious eye, and not try to trick anybody or even be mistrustful of the motives of most of his fellows. In these remarks, of course, South Australia is excepted. How thankful we ought to be, and-how proud !" 