CRICKET. CRICKET NOTES. MATCHES TO COME. Jan. 8,9, and 10—Victoria v. Tasmania, at Hubert, dan. 24, 21. and 27 (Probably)—New South Wales t, Victoria (return), at Sydney. Feb. It, IB, and 17—New South Wales t. South Australia, at Sydney. So far as Sonth Australian cricketers were con cerned they finished the old year eery quietly, most of tbe Association* postponed their matches over last Saturday because bo many players were away in the country. The new year is now we1! undor weigh, and I take this opportunity of ex pressing tbe hope that it may be a happy and prosperous one to all Sonth Australian cricketers. The greatest prosperity I can hope for is that nest month our men will lower the colours of New South Wales, that during the winter our representatives In the Australian Bleven may be near tbetop of the averages, and that next Decem ber tbe Victorians may be made to "bite tbe dost," or perhaps it wonld be more appropriate to eay "bite the turf," on the Melbourne Cricket Clnb Ground. If during the remainder of tbe year old Sol makes himself felt as he did on Wednesday and Thursday, some tall scores will be made. Some pleasant games were played In the country towns dating the holidays. By no means tbe least enjoyable was that in which a combination of Oval cricketers toot took put. Dubbing themselves the Sarsaparillas," ont of respect to the favourite tipple of one Of their number, they drove in a drag to Balhannah. I believe there was a kind of under standing when they began that nothing stronger than .the blood-pnrifriag beverage was to be im bibed, but I am afraid that before the return journey was made some of the players indulged to a greater or leaser extent in the cap that cheers and inebriates too. The cricket was dose. The countrymen, with ths assist ance of two or three "townlvs," managed to win by aboat 80 runs, scoring over ISO against 100 odd. Be tt said, however, that the country fellows had the assistance of two umpires. One the well known and popular "rough diamond," the Secretary cf the Cricketing Association, showed an exceed ingly strong desire to emulate the vagaries of an umpire in a recent big match, and before he bad given many derisions he was known as " Flyan No. Two or three leading intercolonial players coiild not score, but for fear it should get to the selectors' ears they have begged me not to name them. While 1 do this I must not neglect to mention that Fred. Jarvis plated an exceedingly good Innings for 80 odd. waiter Gifien made his debut as a stumper, and managed to stump two or three men, but the umpires would not give them out. Now for more serious business. The principal event since 1 last wrote has been the forty-third match between New South Wales and Victoria, which endea most unexpectedly in an 8 wickets vic tory for Victoria. The Victorians bad a strong [ batting team, and the Melbourne critics expected them to just about get home, but no one anti cipated such a substantial victory. The game will for a long time be remembered on account of the extraordinary collapse in the first inning* of New South Walss. It is difficult to imagine how such a strong batting team could be put out on a good wicket for 109 runs, especially when it is remembered tbat they totalled 281 when they followed on. Tbe batting honours on the Vic torian side were carried off by Barrett, Brace. Trott, and Blackburn Barrett, by scoring 69 and 29, not out, confl mod the lepntation he had already gained for sound defensive batting. Bis consistent success in intercolonial matches gives him a Seat chance of beiog one of the Australian Bleven, Is defence, especially bb he is a left-hander, wonld be invaluable. Trott played a fine innings for 71 not ont in the second innings, and Brucs and Blackham batted freely for 61 and 63 in the first innings. It was, however, the magnificent bowling of Hugh U rumble that really won the match for Victoria. He must have been in re markable form to get 6 for 40 on a bats man's wicket in the first innings. In tbe second try he also bowled well, four wickets only coating 67, which was not at all bad figures, considering tbat he bowled 319 balls. McLeod, with 3 for 24, and 4 for 81. was the only other bowler who troubled she Welshmen. In theee two young bowlers the Victorians have a pair who will probably be of great service during the I next few years. The Vies, have lamented tbe i absence of a first-class bowler during the last year or two; bat they have a clinker In Trumble. Banner-man stands a bead and shoulders above the other Sydney batsmen. In the first innings be only made a dozen ; but going in again with his side in trouble the little fellow batted as few bnt he can bat, and ran up 117, not giving a ghost of a chance until he bad made 9i. The best score made by the other ten batsmen was young Donnan's Si not oat in the second innings. Turner and Ferris were off-colour with the ball, and it was left for Garrett and Charlton to do the bowling in the first innings, the former taking i for 44, and the latter 8 for 87. Victoria has now won twenty-two matches and New South Wales twenty-one. Tno next match, which will be played in Sydney probably in about three weeks time, ought to be very interesting. The grand old game is undoubtedly undergoing a revivifying process in Victoria. The attendance at tbe recent match was the largest they have had for years, the receipts amounting to do less than £977 10s Lord Hopetoun, the new Governor, increased his popularity by attending the match on two days out of the fonr. He evinced a lively interest in the game. I sin cerely hope the game will have a similar boom in fair Adelaide. The College boys liave not been very successful in Melbourne. In each match played there they were beaten by an innings, with runs to spare. I am not surprised, because I was given to understand before hand that the Melbourne boys were an older and bigger lot thus ours. 8H11, now that the matches have been initiated, I hope an intercolonial Colleges' match will be an annual fixture. Campbell was the only £outli Australian boy who seemsd to clay up to form. Blackburn, who was credited with being tbe. best school bowler in Adelaldo, strained himself after bowling two overs against the Wesley College team, and could not tday afterward. This was very bard linos for the Adelaide boys. A Iricndy and interesting match at single wicket came off on tbe North-east Park Lands on Boxing l)ay between Mr. B. B. Cox and Lieutenant-Colonel CJaxton. Mr. Edwin Smith acted aa umpire, and Mr. J. S. Cocker es wicketkeeper. Although tbe combatants were each over fifty years old and the weather very sultry, the match was well contested. The gallant colonel came off victorious by 8 runs. Messrs. bmith and Ciaxton were ahlnmates in 1849 to tbiB colony In the Bolivar, and thus celebrated their fortieth year bb colonists. Next Wednesday the annual match between Vic toria end Tasmania will be begun at Hobart. Tbe following strong team will represent Victoria Messrs. J. K. Barrett, B Trott, K. Smith. G. E. Palme', A. Terrant, B. McLeod, W. Ingleton, W, Over, J. Hicham a. J. M Blackhsm, and J. D. Fdwa>cK witn Edgar Barrett as emergency. Mr. H H. Budd will be Manager for the team, and Cotter w ill accompany it aa umpire. J hey will take a lot of beating. Tbe Tasmanlans have a good team, so that tbe paipe should be very interesting. I have been supplied with the followingThe Stragglers had their annual trip to Port Lincoln during the Christmas holidays, and us the residents of the beautiful watering place are one and all extremely hospitable, it is needless to say that their time was a thoroughly enjojacle one from start to fioish. Nothing iH too great a trouble for the local people in entertaining vhitors, and tbe Stragglers were very fortunate indeed to receive an invitation from the Lincoln Cricket Club to spend the Christ mas holidays with them. Dnring their stay two matches were played, one against the Port Lincoln Club, end the other against the natives at the Poonindie Mission btation. The former took pltoe on rhnrsday, December 23, and the visitors going" in to bat scored verv rapidly nntiltbe adjournment was made for lunch, after which the last 6 wickets !onIy added 14 rnns. Tbe total was 129, Mostyn, Evan, Shetland, Crawford, and Honrson showing good batting form. The LSncolnitea had two tries, but could only total 83 and 81. Uill, in tbe first innings, was very destruc tive, taking 8 for 19, whilst Howison, in tbe second, was even more enccestfnl with 6 for 7. In bowling for Port Lincoln C. B- Evan did the lion share witn 6 for 88, and was well supported by Thomson, the energetic Secretary, with 8for 18. "tin Saturday, December 28, the Poonindie match took place at ihe Mission Station, and after a most exciting match the visitors bad to sneenmb to a defeat by a narrow majority of 1 ran, the 'cores being 86 and 84. The natives howled and fielded splendidly, and although the Stragglers, who went In first, gave a good exhibition or batting, their opponents were eo expert in the field that ran vetting was extremely difficu't Mostyn Evan (who has:coved in every match th'a season) was the only nan to reach double figures with SB. and waa then cleverly caught at the wickets. The Natives •re defective in batting, and while at the wickets they lack that enthusiasm and confidence which narke their efforts in the field they have a atrong appreciation for fast bowling, bntare quite at eea in trying to negotiate alone, and Howieon, who bawled with great judgment, completely nonplussed them. Gill also troubled tbem with twisty (tuff, and although be had to face a stiff breeze through out the match, he came ont with the respectable average of 6 for St. The fielding of the visitors was a dreadful contrast to their opponents, several chances being missed, and Millora, the Native's crack batsman, caused a considerable ile amount of amnaement by his penistent efforts to oblige the field. The match was a most enjoyable one, and the enthusiasm that marked the result amongst the nativeswas a real treat to witness." Daring the holidays the Bardwickes took a trip tolbeeonntrv. visiting Kapunda, Nnriootpa, and Angaston. The opening match was played at Kapnnda an the 80th. Winning the toss, the Bard wickes were the first to go to the wieket, bat coald onlymenage 19, owing principally to the bowling of T. Williams. who secured 8 wickets for 17 rnns. Colman was the only double-figure ecorer, with 88, made by good cricket. The Kapnndas replied with 70, to which J. Williams contributed 82, and T. Williams is. The second innings of the Hard wickes realized 149. Colman was again to the fore with a well-hit 67. Twiss 21, and Wilkinson 16 also baited well. When stamps were drawn the Kapnndas had lost 6 wickets for 18 runs. For tbs Hardwlckes Boberts bowled well, taking 6 for 10. On the 81st a match waa commenced at Nnriootpa. Going in flrat, the Nnriootpas were all disposed of for 8L Boberts again bowled well, takings wickets for 27. Bardwlcke scored 88, of which Colman made 28, Prince 18, end Rogers U. Sam Flush took 8 for 88\. Journeying to Angaston tbey commenced a I match with the Angastons on New Year's Day Going in first angaston scored ISf. Boberts played good cricket for <4\. A. Horn 88, Cbarleswortb 28, Chinner 19, also batted well. Hardwicke scored 107, or 27 behind. Colman again distinguished dim sell by mat!ng88. Begem made 22, Prince 18, and Brnce 16. For the Hardwlckes Bogers secured 4 wtckets for 24, and Twiss 2. for 8. All Horn bowled best for Angaston, taking 7 wickets for 18 runs. 