SOMli Oiiobf tSTOEiES. Arwirding to the Kew York Sun, a number of questions rn spiritism and kindred subjects were recently submitted to certain prominent American citizens, with a request that they would supply a short original ghost story. Dr. Allan M'Lane Ha mil ten sent the following story, for which he vouches :— f!»T.T.ET> AWAY. I will tell you a true ghost story, and one that sends a cold sliivcr through iny frame whenever I think of it. "When 1 was in Shanghai, China, in 1878, in company with Ling Look and Yamaieva (wo were then travelling under the name of the Royal Illusionists), one afternoon Chang, the Chinese giant; Ling Look, Yamadcva, several ship captains, and I, drove out on the Bubbling Well road to the Hermitage, a port of summer garden about four miles from the English, quarter of Shanghai, and while there -ire all took part in a game ot tenpins. One of the captains, a burly German, made a yreavraany ten strikes by throwing- the largest bah in the rack. This roused Yamadeva, and he also attempted -to throw the large ball, but in doing so fell back and complained of a pain in the right breast. We drove b™ back to the city and summoned an English physician, wiio pronounced it a case of ruptured muscles, and assured us that the young man would be all right in a few days. On the fourth day after the accident Yamadeva was apparently so much, better that the doctor said it would be perfectly safe for him to go with us to Kong on the stMmship Khiva, -which was to leave that afternoon. We all embarked, and about midnight oil the first night out I -was awakened by two piercing shrieks of "Kiellar ! Kellar.'" These were the last words Yarnadeva ever spoke, for when I reached hie cabin his head -was lying in ling Xjook'sarms —he was dead. The ship's doctor said -he had burst a blood vessel. The captain of the steamer kindly consented to cany the body to TT.it-o- Kong, and' the ship's carpenter made a rough coffin, and the remains of our companion were deposited oa the bridge. On the evening of the second day, at about 9 o'clock, while die ship was calmly steaming down the Formosa Channel, Xing Look, Mr, Gray, of the Hong Kong and Shanghai band, Mrs. Gray, a clergyman and I were seated on deck in the ait, when suddenly there was a clear and distinct whistle—ti-ta-tati- tati—such as our company used for the purpose of recognition. We all were very much astonished, and more or less excited- Ling Look was very much worked up, and exclaimed, " That is Yamadeva whistling," aud answered the call by our well-known tioo-ti- ti I This was immediately answered by the correct reply, ti-i-i-i-oo. Xing Xiook now gave the first call, ti-ta-ti-tati-tati. This was immediatelr answered by the invisible power with tiooti-ti. The calls were repeated by T,innr several times, and each time the correct reply came from the air above. The night was clear and bright, and no one was concealed on deck, as every place was carefully searched. The ship's officers at first made light ot the affair, but when the whistling was repeated, and Ling Look would tell them beforehand what answer to expect, they became as much excited as we, and the captain said it was tEe most wonderful thing he had ever experienced in bis life. Ling Xjook insisted on opening the coffin to see if Yamadeva was really dead, and when he viewed the body he said, " Yamadeva is calling me, and I must go with him." Poor Ling Look was taken sick in Hong Kcngand died in the hospital there, and we buried him beside his brother Yamadeva. They are resting side by side in Happy "Valley, the beautiful cemetery of Hong Kong. TEE rUAXTOX DOCTOE. Dr. Daniel Greenleaf Thompson, president of the ^Nineteenth Century Club, supplied the following dream story of the Phantom Doctor:— I was spending the summer at Newport, where I fc^d gone to recuperate from the arduous duties of my profession, when I met a girl with whom I fell desperately in love. Her name was Emily Gibson, and the fact that she not only ignored my -existence, bnt that she was already engaged to another man whom she evidently adored, did not in the least cool the ardour of my passion. From tlie first moment of our meeting I loved her as one loves once in a lifetime, and I worshipped in secret. Though we lived in the same boardinghouse—a pretty vine-covered cottage overlooking the sea—we rarely met except at meal times. Emily and her betrothed, whose name was James Jerome, usually wandered off by themselves during the daytime, leaving me a prey to a fierce, consuming jealousy; and in the evening, while X sat apart, moody and disconsolate, vainly trying to fix my attention upon a book, I oould hear the faint murmur of their voices from a retired comer of the verandah that overlooked the rippling moon touched ocean. One night, however, something occurred that caused my blood to riot madly in my veins, and the recollection of which, even now, sends a thrill through my entire being. It happened in this way: I had gone to bed impressed with that acute, mysterious sense of coming evil which sometimes affects the most phlegmatic persons. X recollect the intense sultriness of the air, the oppressive stillness, and the e rhythmic swish of tbe water against cliffs below. I do not know how soon I fell adeep, nor how long I continued to deep, but I was roughly awakened after a time by a loud rap at my door. Springing out of bed, I drew the bolt and inquired . what was wanted. To my utter astonishment Emily stood before me, her white wrapper barred with yellow moonlight that streamed through the shutter in the hall. Her hair, long and: golden, was unbound and floated in ehining etzands over her shoulders. She appeared to be greatly agitated, while as for me I was so ovasome by the unexpected sight of her there that I could feel my heart beat against the panel of the door on which [ leaned.. In a few words she told me what was wrong. Her lover, Jerome, had beau taken violently ill. I was a physician, as die well knew. Would I come at once and give my assistance? She had been eumiuoned by one of the housemaids, and Mrs. Gibson, Emily's mother, a semi-invalid haself, was already stationed in the tack room. The instant I reafisonedher, faying I would compjmirawf lately, ; she withdrew, vanishing down tite oanndor. i WaiMsrdeBcendto die flo^bdffwT^meii, to minutcslater, X readied Jerome's apartment. I found him suffering feotn internal pains of tnrat violence, the cause of which % waa unable to determine. He became quieter after I had administered s morphine^ and presently fell into » profound sleep. Emily remained the room, and as I watched Jerome I saw that she regarded me intently, 6USpiciouflly. It tout me to the heart to think I was object of distrust to bar; but the mere fact of finding myself comparatively alone with her at that silent hour of the night intoxicated me with joy. Whea l returned to my room tny pulse was hounding with excitement. For some time I toseedscbont, nnable to sleep. When at last repose came I dreasteda strange and horrible dream. I heard Emily's voice rail meby name andsummon meto Jerome's chamber. I roee «nddressed,ond went.dow^ithe creakingstaire to Ills door, which Iopqoed.' Hie pas lying in M,wiil I myself w^frfraflfeestde Mm. No one e waa there. Oh, btf«r Tfea&xLhimAad; how kved Em'dy r How I fewfiwd fcie very jjnwewse ! A fiendish impulse etaw joyet me to Utt fcim-^Mi impulse tint mttaedbinly of blanched stronger. My body *S!»Dc!£ng*, ad fbie jJJ my spirit oawtiiMriy meteuxe • n. '/from'*. A-loric of nnuttambte jionror came into the c man's Xaoe—a look I fhall never foqgetJ u ; nacful convulsions seized' 'ilEfe" ny, aadin a moment jay 6t01 was dazed, stunned, horrified beyond measure. How came I here F Gradually I recalled the summons in the night. The incidents, one by one, came back to me. I rem«3inbered I had remained below not half an hour. The frightful dream rushed upon my memory. X knew that I had deliberately murdered James Jerome—murdered him because I wanted the woman he loved, and whose affection lie had won, for myself. J. had killed him wantonly, diabolically. Drops of sweat broke out upon me as tliis awful truth became dear to my mind. I shrieked aloud and made a wild dash down the stairs to Jerome's room. The faint grey light of the breaking- day fell directly across his motionless figure. I advanced with a halting, staggering gait, and peered into his face. It was ashen. My eyes glared in horrible apprehension as I placed one hand upon his forehead. The touch chilled me from head to foot like ice. He was dead, unmistakably dead. Then X fled from the room, and for a time knew no more. I will pass over the hours of desperate agony that followed. Suffice it to say that, although I feel perfectly irresponsible for Jer.-iinaVi death, I yet knew instinctively that I had murdered him. The empty vial, my unaccountable presence in the hall, my dream, all pointed to a shocking and loatlit«omc reality. I knew that on my soul rested the burden of this horrible crime. Then came the second chapter in the trujjedy. The trouble and the excitement incident to the calamity that had occurred in the house caused 'Emily to be utterly prostrated. J had not seen her -siace that fetal morning when I awoke to find myself branded as a murderer. Like a criminal I hid in my room overwhelmed with sorrow, remorse, despair. Then. X remember, X beard that cue, too, was ill, and that my professional services were required a second time. The misery that took possession of me knew no bounds. I was in mortal terror now as to what I should do. X shrank from the possible path into which my other self—that hideous phantom of myself—might lead me. Yet I dared not refuse this summons. More dead than alive I found myself crossing the threshold of that dimly-lighted room. Again I prescribed some reaiedy, just as I had done for Jerome. All the time my heart went out to the poor suffering girl whose anguish I had caused. I loved her more than ever. I rushed away, and once more sought foigetfulness ia sleep, and once more I dreamed. I saw myself steal on tiptoe along the dusky corridor, starting back affrighted when I thought to hear a sadden footstep; then emerging boldly from the moonlight to the deep gloom of the staircase, I passed on to Emily's apartment. Through the open doorway X saw the interior, reddened by the lamplight that streamed in flickering rays into the entry. I myself, or my double, spirit or flesh, I know not which, eat by the sleeping girl, holding one of her bands in mine. I stood rooted to the spot as if fascinated. I watched myself as a tiger gloats over its victim. My breath came in thick gasps as I saw myself rise slowly from the bedside, and with an expression of devilish cunning pour something from a vial into a glass. I raised Emily in bod and gave her the medicine. She began to struggle violently, as if she divined my purpose. I held her like a vyce and forced the liquid between her lips. She choked, and turned upon me a look of abject horror, and I smiled with fiendish glee. I gazed with malevolent pleasure upon her frightful death throes until they ceased. A dense obscurity fell upon me like a sable curtain let down from above. I felt a sickening compression about my throat, and I awoke as before to find myself halfdressed on the stairs with an empty vial in my nerveless hands. For the second time I had been guilty of murder, aud the woman I adored had been my victim. I knew that she had died by my hand. So it afterward proved. She was dead ; poisoned. In my own room the sun danced on the floor. The dear day was advanced. The fresh salt air blew upon my fevered temples. Outside birds sang joyously amid the transparent green, of the trees. The sea sparkled like a belt of twinkling sapphires. I saw these things. Yet one idea alone possessed me. I had killed two defenceless beings. I had destroyed my own souL I was damned here, doomed to damnation for all eternity- My spirit to be slipping from my body a shadow shifts from a darkened object. Presently I, too, grappled with death. I heard myself appeal to God for mercy. I saw myself struggle madly. An icy came over me. I realised die fact that dissolution was imminent. My eyes were as stone—sightless. My tongue clave to the roof of my mouth. I gathered strength to utter one heartrending shriek—such a shriek as might have come straight from the innermost depth of hell. And then came a wondrous light and change. I was alone in my own. room—not in Newport, bat in New York. I was not the phantom doctor at all, but myself, and, with an exultant thrill, I discovered that I was innocent, and that all my fearful experiences had been naught but dreams within dreams —visions wrapped about with impenetrable and ghostly shades. PLAYING WITH A GOEPSE. Mr. Alexander Wilder ventured the fol lowing:— Among the most brilliant of the students at Dublin University some years ago was Walter Tiernay. To a general adaptability to the scienoe of medicine he added a coolness and nerve in the use of the knife in surgical operations that made him the pride of the family and the envy of his feUowstudents. In course of time Tiernay graduated, receiving his diploma, and in a - competitive examination which followed won an appointment as assistant sureeon at one of die smaller Dublin hospitals. He filled this position with much success, his oae fault being an insatiable thirst for scientific investigation, which ^sd to a preneness to operate upon a patient upon the slightest provocation. This, however, is, as a rule, not regarded as a very serious fault among the doctors of a. hospital staff, and Tiernay exposed himnslf to so very severe criticism in following out, as he invariably did, the maxim of a certain famous medical lecturer : " When in doubt, always operate. One evening, some mouths after Tiema' had been assigned to his post at the boepitaj » number of friends—his former fellow sto^aiteat sipping lemon ' puw& ' and Ttenaay to tibrar hart's content, what do you think was the subject of their chaff t Just this: The of woman under the knife, with Tiernay as the surgical operator! Ah, my friends, practice blnnts the feelings and makes men tty callous ! The hospital surgeon oomee r regard human flesh as amply so much ligament and fibre; human bone is simply so nuuji osseous tissue. !HB circumstances in the case referred toby Tiernay'* friends were about e.s follow: A woman in an advanced state of illness bad been admitted to the hospital. There were certain complications in her case which rendered it s most interesting, one from a medical standpoint. When the climax came it was evident that she could not survive, and, well—to put it bluntly—it tms charged that, in the Interest of certain data, "Xfamay hod performed <a of autopsy while the patient was still Theassembtalcompauy listened with interest to the mfrdiral points gleaned this investigation, and then, their thirst for, scientific lore once satisfied, the •"•fing bad begun. The poor dead] few efcemately referred to fa the most jocose "vein, as' " the victim" and " the ' TIern&y;, of course, denied the imeaut oat, but nobisdy seemed to care about these denials one way or tte repeat, solemnly, three times in succession, " I oomrnar d you.to arise!" Hemay at first ridiculed the proposition, but the- dhaUeager persisting, he finally accepted the wager. He repaired to tbe morgue, took his Beat beside tbe corpse, which lay covered by a theet, and in the dim light began reading a newspaper. At last the sound of the big hospital clock was heard tolling out the midnight hour. Tiernay rose from his chair, and, true to the conditions of his wager, stood over the corpse. " I command yon to arise'. " Wliat was that? Really ho could have Bworn that the body bad moved. Nonsense 1 Was he a man of science, or an old woman with weak nerves ? Once more his voice rang out, louder than before: I command you to arise! " Horror upon horror! There could, lie no doubt of it this time. The corpse had plainly stirred. With blanched face te tore back the sheet. No, no—it could not have been ! " I command you to arise I" As the words raug through the narrow, apartment the corpse sprang bolt upright, the eyes distended, the long black hair foiling in matted streams about the ghostly, face. With a convulsive movement the arms shot out, as if to encircle him who had summoned the victim" back to life. ^ Two minutes later, when Tiemay's friends biirst in the room, they found him babbling ssd chuckling at the Jeet of the corpse. His reason was gone ; he was an idiot. Hod the poor "victim" claimed her revenge? Had she been momentarily gifted mth the power to confront her scientific murderer? •'• f ^ '•„,;, • No; there was no such sensational *tetribntion aa this * After all, X am obliged to spoil my ghost story, as all ghost stories must be spoiled if you search deeply enough until you get at the truth. Tiernay was simply the victim of a practical joke, terrible in its results. His guests had contrived to connect a galvanic battery with the corpse, and had thus at. a critical moment galvanised, it into life. Owing to severe study, Tiernay's nerves were unstrung, and the awful results describe! followed. 