THE HUMORIST. MARRIED BY A DOOR-KEY. IJJy Mrs. M. L. Kayng.1 "Coxae over to the Church in half an hour, Myra. A couple are .to be married then. It may amuse you to see one of our provincial ceremonies." My grandfather was a rural dean near Petit Codiac, or as they called it in the vernacular, pettiooat-and-jaoket, and it would be hard to imagine a simpler life, or one more remote from the fashion which passetb away. The little stone Church was old and picturesque, and the people who worshipped there were as quaint and original as if they had stepped out of another century. When I reached the Church the wedding party had already arrived. It consisted of the party themselves, as much alone as were Adam and hive at their bridal in Eden. They had arrived on horseb&ok;, and the unhitched animals —each saddled over a flowing white sheet, which made them look like equine ghosts in the twilight—were browsing about among the gravestones, disturbing nothing but the long tangled grass and the sweetbri&r; roses that grew wild there. I hurried past them into the vestry, where the dean was struggling into his white gown. " Yon can be my curate for this occasion," he said, as I peeped in at the door. " You will be needed for a witness and bridesmaid, to assist with the ring." I walked up the aisle of the little chapel and sat down in one of the high- backed pews and tried to see what manner of folk they were who had such queer bridal customs. Not young. And both were hard, of the. humblest rustic type. The woman, brown as a gypsy, wore a flowered muslin dress that was cparse and badly made. A string of beads and a white cotton veil were her ornaments. Both Wore white ootton gloves, and as their-hands were immense the effect was almost grotesque. Their faces expressed bashfulness ana a certain rude disdain of what other people might think. They clutched hands as if they were deter mined that no power on earth Bhould separate them at this crisis. After tliey had been instructed where to stand; they took their places, the bride eyeing me with some disfavour as a possible intruder. " Who giveth this woman to be married to this man'?' At this moment I stepped forward to make that part of the ceremony complete. "I don't know she," said the bride, edging away, but the dean paid no attention to her and repeated the sacred formula for them to follow with him. "I will now take the ring," said iny grand father in a low voice. "Reeng?" echoed the groom, "Iknownobbut a reeng. Hast any like a reeng, Mathilde ?" The rafters rung with liis " Whoa! Dobbin" tone. " I never thocht o' the like. Happen we'll ne'er mind scch a loetle thing a' that," said the bride, with a look of genuine terror in her eyes, as if she might lose her gallant at the very altar. titt Take off your ring, Myra, we can use that for the ceremony," said the dean, who carried out the Church of England ritual to the letter. Alas, I held up my gloveless bands as desti tute of rings as those of the bride herself. What was to be done. The dean would not have considered those good people properly married if the ceremony of the ring were omitted. He glanced down at his own white hands, holding the sacred book, then he turned hurriedly to me. "Goand bring me the key of the Church," he said. " What in the world is lie going to do with it?" I queried to myself, as I obeyed. Taking the large, brass key in hiB hand, he gave it to the man, designating the loop at the end of the handle. He then instrueted him to Blip the ring over the bride's finger. I nearly laughed aloud, as I saw the expression of sur prise on the poor thing's face as the key dangled on her finger, while the bridegroom luinberingly repeated after the dean " With this ring I thee wed,"&c.; As soon as they were married I restored the key to the door and the groom handed a rude parcel to my grandfather. " It's the pay t' weddin'," he said briskly. The dean thanked him courteously without having an idea as to what the parcel might contain. There was a horse block at the door, on which the bride mounted with her dress tucked up about her. Only one horse with its flapping bridal acooutrements was in sight. "Richard!" screamed the new wife, "where's my beast?" Richard had taken off his white gloves and was cantering round among the gravestones looking for the "beast." It was soon found, and after we had shaken hands with the two and wished them joy, the queer pair rode off in fine style. When my grandfather opened the parcel he found the soft, silky skins of a dozen musk-rats —a princely fee from such a source. 