WHESfe^W> TffiEf ' GHOST IDEA." OOME FROM "i (UKSDOJI STECTATOE.) Lady Wclby baa been very badly reported si> badly that it is difficult to decide from the condeawd aecouutof in Hie Tuh<x whether •he was on,the aide of the materialists or ou that of the angels. It is evident, however, even from that report, that the question she ndsed, kefonitbe British Association of Leeis. was one of the first Intellectual importance^ and one which, though not new. has never, we believe, been quite adequately discussed. She asked whether those who believe that human thought, Iflte man himself, is a product of slow evolution continued through entire cycle* of time, recognise oi>e mat " break" in tee process, or, if they do net recognise it, how they account for the intrusion of the " ghost idea." The governing notion of those who consider that tbe human intellect ia a result of evolution, fe that loan slowly accumulated experience, and from it. bv comparison, by deduction, an<5£by meditation, arrived at last at abstract and non-material thought. He considered.thecffectofrevengc.for example, and its operation in tribsl soeiety, till he arrived at the idea rf just revenge. oY. aswecall it. of justice; ana finally, his horizon ever widening, at tLe lofty conception that forgiveness mi-'ht occasionally, or even frequently, be more to'the general advantage, or, in other words, might be nob'.er, and therefore to be adopted. That theory leaves a great deal unexplained—for instance, the original dtcfnu'ty why cue particular animal should have advanced so far while the remainder continued stationary—but still, it is in a way scientific, for it is supported by a great array of facts, and does, if accepted, ricnceari5i"o*>servatu>n, and much more , be; and if we allow limitless time, and con that man forgets very little—a concession, bythe-way, wholly at variance with his known history—we may exteud the result of teaching by experience until it covcrs nearly the whole fiald of human intelligence. It does not, however, cover quite the whole field. There is always one procigious " break," as Lady Wei by calls it— namely, the intrusion of the "ghost idea," using that tsrm either to indicate tbe whole body of beliefs about the supernatural, or the sjiccial conceit that man will live again. How did that fancy creep into man's mind, and at last assuma its dominance there 'i Clearly he cannot have derived it fro experience. lie certainly did not live again hires* If. even in the tertiary period, and it doss not lie iu the mouth of purely scientific men to affirm that he had any evidence that anjbody else did. What evidence could he hive "r Of course, if he actually saiv or heard or smelt the shades of persons who had returned from another state of being, he had evidence upon which to construct his theory: but there is no one in the full light of science pouring on his mind who will admit for a moment the possibility of any occurrence of the kind. Xobody iu scientific belief ever saw a ghost, or heard a ghost, or smelt a ghost; and how then did the ghost idea come in 'i how, that is, did a belief opposed to continuous human experience generate itself in the human lmid ? Most illusions are ihe consequence of a misunderstanding 0f phenomena; but lit this instance there are no phenomena to mis understand, no tiling idiatever of any sort that souM even remote';- tend to induce reception of the fallacy. Xo animal lives again, and no vegetable, except in its original form, and with its original qualities. There was, ill fact, a sudden break in the development of the human mind, a sudden step back, as Lady Welby says, from the process of induction from facts into a region of illusion, of mere fancies, of nonsense in fact—a step all the more remarkable bscauss it cannot have couduceil towards survival. On the contrary, it must have tended to waste the mental powers of those who made the step, as well as their time, upon unreal phantasies, and ought to have given to the better and stronger minds which remained unaffected an immense advantage in the race. They were unburdened in their task of making this'world more endurable to themselves. It was not so, however, for the men specially addicted to the ghost-idea, who ought by all analogy to have perished as victims of a mental {disease, triumphed all along the line, displayed special faculty for continuous progress, and are now more gifted than any other division of the human species. What is, or can be, on the strict hypothesis of evolution, the explanation of that r Itmay belaid that primitive man was subject, like the modem man, to haUucuujctijjft, and no doubt that is in one way correct Man -was probably very slow to separate the evidence of dream from the evidence of fact. Tbe native of Guiana, Mr. Jhn Thurn tells us, cannot do it now, and is so snre that his dream is pert of his actual life, that if he dreams you have assailed him, he will, on waking, assail you with a violence which, to his victim, or intended victim, is quite inexplicable. But then, how did the ghost idea get into the dreams? People dream odd things, but they do not dream absolutely new things—that is, things not only outside their experience, but outside the imagination developed from thinking about the collected results of experience either persons! or inherited. Nobody ever dreamt of men who were not men ; unless he had previously conceived of spirits or angels or devils, sleep recombining thoughts often most fantastically, but not actually creating them out ot nothing Otherwise man Would have selfgeaci'ilted thoughts or impressions when asleep, and the evolutionary hypothesis would necessarily go to pieces. And even if a man did in a dream see a spook, and get the notion that it was himself or another appearing alter death— a very wild supposition—why should that particular dream, unsupported by general, experience, and, indeed, oppoied to general experience, be the one dream which mastered the world ? It would not explain anything to primitive man, or help him in the conflict for existence, or, above all give him any comfort; for if we know anything about savages—and we know very little—it is that the ghost- idea is to a eavage a source of unmitigated terror, leading him to monstrous devices to avfrt ghostly wrath. Why did he angle out an un- j comfortable dream-bom fantasy, to make of it , an important motor in bis career, a career of which all the rest consisted in atdising slowly accumulated knowledge of actual and recurrent facts ? The occurrence of dreams will not explain the " step back," nor : will the theory,- once so popular, that religion was born of human fear. Whence : the fear of what liad never happened ? There was nothing visible or audible to cause such a fear, etdl less to cause so tremendous an effort of the imagination as tbe existence of life after death. Grant Pope's notion that the savage fears the thunder or the tempest till he recognises in them some power above himself, and still there is no relation between that fear, which, moreover, ought to have weakened and not strengthened him, and the notion of .a future state which he had never seen or heard of. Tbe lightning does not suggest the resurrection. The converse idea is better than that—namvly, that the belief is a result of intense wishing, of a sovereign desire for a happier life; but that also explains very little. Why did. that particular wish become so concrete, as, in the teeth of all experience, to "become a faith ? No other wish did, not even the savage's greatest wifh of all, for more easily procurable food. We do not think much of tbe argument to which La ly Welby appears to at- tach force, that no other animal has been victimised by Che ghost-illusion, for we do not know in the least what animals think; and so far as we can see, man is the only animal who accumulates thought-experience, or, indeed, except in the most limited degree, any experience at all. But,_ confining the argument to man, what made him accept a weakening illusion, contradicted by every fact of which he or his fathers had any cognisance ? He believed in a thing which he had never seen or heard of, and for which, through all the cycles during wbich he was accumulating from experience the materials . - - of - thought, be had no evidence whatever. Why? \-- To us, and we suppose to all Christians wbo have thought upon the subject, there appear to be only two reasonable answers to that question. One, which in practice is, of course, quite futile, is that primitive man actually had evidence that he had seen or heard at eome time or other that which inspired conviction in bis mind. He became as sure of another life asof the action of sunlit, and for the same reason, because be bad watched its manifestations. This, which was the wnivenal theory of the ancient world, and is still held by a good many theologians, is, we quite -admit, a purely conjectmalhypothesis. We know little, except by conjecture, of the experience of primitive man, nothing whatever of bis mind, and, above all, nothing whatever of his thoughts about things non-material. He may have bad a great many, as 6ome existing eavsges have; or he may have bad none, as seems to be the case—and possibly only seems—with eome of the very lowest tribes. He may have been closer to tbe jnvisibteworid than vn are/a* the legend* of«ll races affirm; Or be may bam beat, as fibs modern niimili axe aappoMd "to be, much further off. There can beno evidence on the subject, and, except as an inteOechtal gxeaaeef it mu^t alw»JB be to difteiWBil. JTfasj other answer fi that, whatever the truth a^kpHti -the .evolution jof ia man originally by same external power. Nothing is aSf-geosiatsd; and yet they do not spzixtg from experreixcae, which, "in fact, so far at material experience ia concerned, denies and refutes them. The first of those thoughts—it i* not tbe onlv one—is that idea, of the future etats to wliich "Lady Welby refer* as tbe great" break" in tbe evolution of mind, tbe conception which should have burdened ita recipients in tbe great race, and ^extinguished them, but which, on the contrary. on evidence admitted by materialists, made "them r un the. faster. That, thought certainly did not come from experience; and if it 'did not, what becomes of evolution as a theory explaining fully the existence of the present min-l of man 'r 