CHAPTER IV.-Rowa'a EaoAru. AH the outburst of yelping donoting. the approach of another pack, tho dogs which had borne the heat and burden of the fray showed renewed signa of fury. They had no intention of allowing the now oomors to share in tho approaching feast, and gathered together for a desperate rush. The two men saw that the final moment had arrived, and tho Zulu placed his hand upon his companion's shoulder while ho spoke in his deop voice. Rowe did not understand, but instinctively he folt for and took the warrior's hand in his norroUB grasp. " Real grit-real grit," he repeated, "it's something to die with a man." The dogs Bet up a wild, unearthly howl, and rushed forward. Above the din roao the shrill scream of a horse in his terror, and a white object loomed out of tho darkness, " My horse," cried Rowe, and atoppod forward, striking furiously at the brutes that beset him on all sides. The Zulu passed him like a dark shadow, readied the horse, severed the knee halter, and leaping on the bare back, rushed by Rowe. As he passed ho caught the whito man by the collar of his door-skin coat, and with a mighty effort swung him to tho shoulders before bim. ' ? Down tho hill flow the white horse, mad with terror, and then thundered over tho hard ground into the darkness. The dogs were soon left behind, but their wild bowlings still lilied the air, and acted like spurs upon the horse. His hoofs atrnok out aparks as ho flashed in a streak of ghostly white, without a fault or stumble, over the rough ground. Tho two riders pressed their knees in and waited for trouble. An accident of soma sort was bound to como, but tho rush of air against their heated brows, and the knowledge of their narrow oscape from a shameful death, gave them a sonso of elation. Another wild burst from the dogs, as the two packs came into collision, startled the horse to a renewed burst-ho tripped, stumbled, and then foll headlong. Rowe, after lying on the broad of his back for a minute or so, slowly rose up- Bore in every bono of his body. . He heard the sound of retreating hoofs. The horse had gone then 1 He groped about for the Zulu and called out-ho could find nobody, and there was no response. The Zulu had gone also 1 He sat down on the ground and took his head between his hands. He was sore from top to toe bleeding from a dozen wounds, faint from loss of blood, and tired to death. Eight hours only had elapsed since he had left Rorke's Drift, strong and confident ; now he was as weak as a child. ? "Wal Rowe-Cob Rowe," be muttered, "Iguess you're protty well played Ont." As though in mocking reply, tho long quavoring howl of a jackal rose and died away. It seemed to Rowe as though tho creature cried, " I smell a siok Yankee- whe.ah, weh-ah-he-ah-he-ah." The night before he would have been inbifferent to tho ory of a leopard-now tho howl of a sneaking jackal made him shudder. He rose up and Btag gored away into the night; moving blindly, and Forcing one leg after the other by a stubborn reso- lution screwed to a point of tension and kept there. It was an effort that few mon in his Btato, and under the ciroumstances, could have made, but ho stumbled on, tripping ovor stones, and colliding against ant- hills, reeling more and more as he went from the dizziness caused by the wound on his head. Thirst then added a fresh torture, he went down on his knees and licked tho dow from the scattered blades of grass, orawling oagorly from tuft to tuft. At last utterly worn out his limbs refused to act, and ho lay outstretched with a twig of shrub between his parched lips. A torpor stole over him, and with the last glimmer of reason ho made an effort to shake it off. In his despair ho closod bis teeth like a steel trap over the shrub?. Immedi- ately from the bruised bark a sharp pungent essence arose to his brain. He chowed vigorously, and as he did so the torpor fled, his brain becamo clearer. The Heaven sent dow had led him to the buchu, a herb possessing great medicinal qualities. With his mind invigorated, ha could now hear tho ripplo of water near by, and he crawled to it. A tiny rill was gurgling into a round pool, whoso still BUrfaoe reflected tho stars Rowe drank deeply of tho cold refreshing water, thon washed tho blood and dust from his faoo, and plunged his head in. As he Bat up, ho felt that ho was upon a smooth stone, and feeling about ho traced the outline of a beaten path, and what was moro, whero the ground had boen softened, ho discovered tho print of a naked foot by the touch of hm floger tips lightly drawn over upon tho ground. Ho was then at a well near Boroo habitation. Was it occupied by friends or enemies ? That was the question ho asked himself, bnt without any response from bis dulled and throbbing brain. Should ho investigate. At any rate ho would chanco it. Ho accordingly rose np, having regained a little of his strength and weu'. along the path. Suddenly be stopped. Againxt the faint sky line théro stood out, abrupt and solitary, a lofty peak, like a huge blot, and at ita foot glimmered.a tiny spark of light And as he stood, hesitating what to do, a deep growl warned him that he bad been discovered. " Doggone the country," he muttered in bitter disgust ; .' its made of dogs." The growling continued, increasing in fierceness, and suddenly a brilliant shaft of light streamed out from the base of the hill. " Hullos," hailed Howe, in desperation. " Halloa yourself," came the reply. "Thank God, a white man ! issy, come-givens a hand." His voice died to a whisper, he swayed to and fro and fell, overcome by a second spell of weakness. " What is it, father ?" another voice Bounded dreamily in Rowe's ears, as he lay stretched on the ground, tired out, beyond the power of movement. " I don't know, child, step in out of the light. Some ' mission' Zulu perhaps, with a smattering of English ; they are worse than the others." " It sounded to me like a mau ia trouble,' said the same sweet voice again. "Here Carlo- search." Rowe heard the dog approaching, followed by silence ; then a cold nose touched hin fane, and with an effort he raised bia band to the dog's bead. He heard the Bteps retreating, and thea the gentle voice again. "It is all right, father, see-Carlo beckons aa to follow." " Stay here then, while I go. There may be treachery." Rowe was picked up, and soon found himself on a couch, in a small, plainly furnished room, where he was subjected to a brief but searching inspection from the man who carried him ia, and from a girl whoso presence at that frontier outpost seemed oat of place. Father and daughter, as they evidently were, did not waste any time in idle speculation about this torn and battered Btranger. The case was one for action, and with only a whispered word of direction or inquiry, they set about preparing remedies. They gave him first a warra strong drink to restore his strength ; then tbe girl, with a white face, that betokened pity, but without any nervous trembling, cat away the long black hair from about the edges of the jagged wound. " He mast have some leaves of the onion root, father," she whispered, and taking the lantern she went oat into tho night. Through the open door Röwo, by turning his head, could trace hor coarse by the twinkling of the swinging lamp. He pointed after her. " Coyotes," he muttered feebly, fixed bis feverish eyes upon the mau. " Coyotes-call her back." The words and aocont. seemod to strike the resouer. "Itis all right, Carlo is with her," the other answered, after a long pause, in which he looked curiously at Rowe. He leant forward and felt the latter's deer-skin coat. " I see," ho said in explanation of his movements, ." you are from America-I was on the plains myself once-" then he busied himself about his patient with the same Bilence and gravity as before. By and bye the moving point of light in tho pitchy darkness without increased in brightness, aud the Biri stepped into the room, bearing in her hand a fleshy bulb as large as a Spanish onion, tho coatings of which she peeled off while her father placed them upon the various wounds. " That will draw all the poison out of those bites. He must have strayed into some oceupied kraal and been attaoked by women and dogs." A ghost of a Bmile illokorod for a moment over Rowe's thin lips. " If tho orittur that whopped me was a woman, I guess I'll quit before a man comes along." With - that he dosed his eyes and fell into the profound sleep of exhaustion, ___ 