The Storyteller. CIRCUMSTANTIAL EVIDENCE By Mary E. Stickney, in ' Lippincott's Magazine.' (Continued from Wednesday's issue) CHAPTER 1.— (Continued.) The ghost of n smile under the tawny mousliwhe wliieh Donald wuh ub fltraetedly stroking. The impnlsivn temper of his wife wan to him a natural phenomenon u sort of Hniriiiiiil gey«er whoso ebullitions were governed hy no law eomprehmsible to his easy going temperament. That what wuru to liiiii the baldest tulles a careless word, the forget ting oi a guo»Mjy kiss when lie wuh hurried, tin unmeaning compliment idly tossed to a pretty woman — that hiiiuI) things like tbese should ho so large m power to stir up ft tempest had been to hint an amusing revelation of ninnicd life. Huing a man of some discretion, however, and devotedly loving liifi handsome wife as well, he had found it expedient to cultivate a thoughtfulness res pecting tlie nmall things that seemed to her of moment quite foreign to (lie comfortable spirit of selfishness in which his meek mother had reared him, and thus kept clour, for the most part, of troubled waters ; but he was no less impressed with the fact that Anita's dark eyes, whose eyes fell with such melting tenderness upon those whom she loved, could flash even brighter with stormy wrath ; and lie had no doubt whatever hut that v\n\ had made life ex ceedingly interesting to those woman to whom had been given the discipline of hei early years. ' I hope you made tbeir lives a burden to them, if only as anticipatory revenge for this disappointment,' he diplomatically returned. u But I don't want you to be disappointed, dear/' the shade of anxiety returning to her face. *' Ah 1 said before. 1 want you to go just the same. It will be enough if j am here Io entertain Aunt Martha.' 'Go without you?'' with extreme disap proval—' when I had planned the trip almost wholly on your account.' 44 And with never a thought of trout?' re garding him with smiling mockery. ?' Well, ijuite incidentally, of course I remem bered that there were trout wailing to bo caught,' lie laughingly admitted. 'But I want you with liic all the same. All the trout in the creek* could not console me going without you. And you need a changc, too, Nita. You have not been away all this sum mer; and in this altitude it won't do,' regard ing her with fond solicitude. 41 And do I look a physical wreck ?' standing, tall and lithe, before him, laughingly challeng ing his glance. That his eyes found her well worth their looking she could not but read in his lingering gaze. Blooming health was evi dent in every line of her grandly-developed form, in her glowing eyes, and in the smiling red-lipped mouth. 44 What a splendid woman you are. Anita,' he exclaimed, with unwonted passion, taking her hand and pressing it gently against his cheek. Her dark face flushed with delight at the caressing touch. She was full of that tropical passion that must always be seeking expression, while lie. having comfortably sub sided into (he placid content of the married man, was more prone to hold up the cheek than to press the kiss. He had an impression that they indulged in a great deal of philan dering for a couple to whom had been given time to outlive their honey-moon, hut only the jealous heart of the wife notefl on which side fell the balance of caressing. 44 And will you go, Don, qiirridii ?' she mur mured, insistently, her fingers tightening ten derly around his. 44 Out of the question,' lie carelessly returned, releasing his hand as he peered through the vines to see who opened the gate. 44 The Kogerses,' muttered Anita, impati ently. Theae were people whom she never could welcome. 44 The Bogerses,' cchoed Donald, in a very different tone, not at all sympathising with his wife's prejudice in this particular. 44 Love among the roses — how delightful !' cried Mrs. Rogers, as she tripped up the walk, followed by her husband, her soft, small voice affecting Mi's. Barters nerves as sulphuric acid does chalk. ''Good-evening, both of you. Don't move, Mr. Bartels, you look bo comfort able. Why should you disturb yourself for a couple of old cronies like Joe and me ? If I woe smoking, with my heels up, and you came, I would not budge, I can tell jou,' with a pretty rippling sound in hot* throat that was more like bird-song than like laughter. ' I think I must eome and see,' laughed her host, with tiie ea*y familiarity all men assumed toward her, as he offered a chair. ,14 Well, I won't promise positively as to the heels,' with a little oblique glance into his eyes from the shade of her broad-briinnied hat, as she nestled back in the chair, rocking with childish nlmmlon ; 44 but if you will come soon, with your pockets full of cigarettes, we'll see about it.' She was a dainty little crcature, scarce five feet high, her girlislmess considerably increased in appearance by a pretty little school-girl sort of gown, considerably shorter than the fashionable length of the time. She seemed like a spoiled child, a creature meant only for petting, with her innocent yellowish-brown eyes, and the carelessly smiling mouth showing her small white teeth. It seemed as if she could never be held half accountable for whatever audacious word she might utter. 44 You may expect uie,' laughed Donald, with a furtive glance at his wife. That Anita heard and disapproved was plain to him in a certaiu tightening about the lines of her mouth. If only she could acquire the comfortable, liti*#ez faire spirit that she enjoyed ! 44 Do you smoke, Mrs. Bartels ?' asked Mrs. Sogers, matter-of-factly, turning to her. The glance of Anita's black eyes might have been as bad as a cuff on the car to a more sensitive person, but Mrs. liogers cared not a whit for what she termed that lady's airs. Donald, after the first shock of incredulous amazement, burst out laughing, exquisitely tickled with the incongruity of the idea. Dr. liogers leaned to ward hie wife with an expostulatory 44 Why, Dot!' and Anita smiled faintly, as if courteously disposed to treat the question as a joke, but finding it hard to do so. 44 What a remarkably singular idea you must have of me!' she said, slowly. 'un, not at all. l nad an luea tnai an Mexican ladies smoked.' 44 But my father was an Amvrieaw you know, and naturally I inherited a few American prejudices. And then I was transplanted when I was very young : you can hardly count me a Mexican.' 44 One could never think you anything else, with your complexion, and those magnificent eyes,' with the brusque tutJirfS of a child. 44 .Vi7 yracius, with smiling irony. ' To paraphrase somebody else,' interpolated the doctor, in amiable effort to change the sub ject, 44 if I were to be talked to death, I would certainly choose Spanish for the tongue. It is the music of language.' But, of course, if you liad remained in Mexico you would have smoked,' persisted the small lady, who would harp on wliatever string pleased her. ' When one is at Borne one docs as Bonians do. After all, Mr. BartcUf#pro priety is ull a mere question of latitude and longitude, is it not ? Whatever may be one's pet wickedness, if he travels far enough around the world he is pretty sure to find a place where it will count as a virtue.' 44 Aren't you a wee bit heterodox ?' *' I BUppose you think one need only stay st home ana employ a lawyer,' to whitewash his sinBanywhere.' Donald laughed, a good deal amused at this hit at his profession. 44 And do you propo*c to offer me a retainer?' hegayly demanded 44 That would be a case of the blind leading the blind, wouldn't it? 1 think I would do better to go looking for that appreciative com munity where my peccadilloes would place me on a pedestal in popular esteem.' 44 Ah, you will go to heaven,' sighed Donald. 44 Don t be sacrilegious, my boy,' drawing a long face. And, by tho way, when do you start for over tho range, ju a ter'resliftl way* ^'puruolveb 7' 44 Our aunt Martha is coming, and our plans are all split into coHtomnrf, ho to spunk*' with a ruelul face. His disappointment was very real 44 And Mr. Bartels is going without me,' sup plemented Anita, smilingly. 'What! going by himself?'' with most | frank sui-prine. 4- I did not know that you ever trusted him out of your sight ' Even Donald moved restlessly uuder this charaotaristic candor. ' Oh, you are quite mistaken,' lie lightly protested. 4- Mrs. Bartels has such extrava gant confidence in mv oanaeitv for taking cam of myself that she is continually devising schemes to lm rid of inc. She has a fresh one ou the now, but I do not propose to humor her in it.' , 44 But I shall enlist Uie doctor On my side in this ease, and he will tell you that you must go: will you not, Dr. lingers ?' 44 Certainly I will, to oblige you ' 44 We will even make up the prescription our selves, and force the dose down his throat if necessary,' laughed Mrs. liogers, an audacious light in the eyes coquettishlv lifted to meet the glance ol her host. 4' Wo will sec that he goes, eyen if il compels us to go and take him our selves ' ?? Ah, if yon only would !' murmured Donald, with his sweet, almost effeminate smile. .lust so he had smiled Anita's heart uway upon a time, when she had thought the lure tenderness of it only roused into life at her glance. She had grown wiser since, discovering that all these smiles of such sunny softness were as impartial | as heaven's own sunshine upon whom they fell, i meaning no more than the ugliest grin of an- I other man. But, although she knew how little it implied, she could not restrain a quick im pulse toward jealous anger when she saw that caressing glance falling upon another woman. 1 ' Don't you think. Anita, that you are a little — well, ju*a a little paralysing in your manner to that poor little woman ?' hazarded Donald, when their guests were gone. 4t I think that 1 make a very painful effort to he nice to her.' coldly, moving to go in doors. ,4 1 don't admire you friend, you know, Don/' | ' And why should you no' ?v with good- j humored reasoning. 1,4 1 luivr told you how j awfully kind she was to me when I had moun- j tain fever. If she did not exactly save my life, she at least did all that sho could to make lite worth the living through that miserable time. 1 am under an immense obligation to Iter on that score, and I can neither forget nor ignore it. I wish you would thind of that, Nita, and to please me, if for no oilier reason, try to see the good there is in her,'' 44 1 would need Diogenes's lantern,'* inter polated his wife. 44 Sho is one of the host-hearted little women on earth. There is not an atom of harm in her,' added Donald, warmly. 44 Then why does she force upon people such a different impression of her?' demanded Anita, sharply, leaning back againsl the door with an air of scornful weariness of the sub ject. 44 Why must she have some man besides her husband forever dangling after her ?' 44 l'or the same reason that Alcibiades cut the dogs' tails off, perhaps — to give people some thing to talk about,' unwonted irritation in his voice. ' Your allegation is a little intemperate all the same, my dear. The men whom you charge with dangling after Mrs. liogers are her husband's friends, who are more particularly dangling after hiiu, if you want to use that word. They are jolly, hospitable people, who entertain delightfully, in a free ami easy way, and there house is naturally popular with all the boys; and that is the sum and the sub stance of Mrs. Boger's crimes. Other women, whose evil imaginations prove them not a tithe as pure as she, arc full of spiteful jealousies, and your listen to all their idle tattle because — well,' slipping his ami around her as they passed into the dimly-lighted hall, 44 of course I can guess the main ground of your prejudice against her. You cannot forgive the poor little woman because a few vulgar gossips once counted me among her satellites. But that was such a long time ago, dear — a mere myth of a by -gone age. And.' with a light laugh, bending to kiss her, 44 surely you can afford to forget it, sweetheart ; because it never can be said again.' (To be continued in Wednesday's i*snc.) 