1 OUR NEW YORK LETTER -m- SS [FROM our owK co^inLsrosDEST.]" '-s For several years past there has been an honest effort on the part of the most influential theatrical managers in all of our large cities to raise the character of the theatre to such a standard that the ' strictest churchman could reasonably taken, exceptions to it That this can be done is beyond all question'. During the management of the Made ton-square Theatre by the^Mallories, clergymen and their families were nightly seen in the boxes, and later on at the same place Minnie Palmer has so catered to the public taste as to * earn commendation from those ''who on principle were opposed to theatrical performances, and the same may be said of manager Edwin 'Knowles of the Amphion Academy in Brooklyn! The OldltUome-, stead might have been played rain Presbyterian meeting house, before John Knox and a congregation of Scotch' Covenanters, stand until U Uncle Josh Whitcombe began to dance it would never have occurred to them that they were looking on profane show Seeing that many of the best and most moral plays have also been the most profitable,' it seems astonishing that there should outclass of managers who should seek aHvingJiypvostitutinga noble profession which it should be their pride ; and glory to exalt The corruption commenced years ago when, we began ito.transplantpoisonoubFrench exotics! to the American > stage, and our people I acquired a diseased appetite and a vitiated taste, which like the' games flavour that delights the palate of the gourmand "issuing "loathsome- result of a rottenness and decay. Fathers and mothers took their sons and daughters to weep over the woes of a French ,couL'tesaiij and in their hearts consented to a marriage fraught with the most' ineffable ruin and disgrace. Dumas did much to demoralise us, but Sardou has ventured on heights that Dumas never 'dared to tread In all' my experience I never heard such general condemnation, of any play as followed the production! of La Tosca by Fanny Davenport. As originally presented the piece was a) shock that produced a most indignant protest from the public and the Press ; but strange to relate, when a portion! of the public understood (that the piece was absolutely immoral and indecent, they crowded the theatre for 30 nights,' and the manager found a salve for his conscience in the golden eagles that filled his treasury. Then came the '' Clemenceau case." The story is simple enough, and as originally produced here, not, particularly harmful, church a Miss nJifybiU Johnson. who took the principal part at the Standard Theatre, thought she would give her patrons a treat and in the model scene in the artist's studio, appeared in the costume of the Greek Slave, minus the chains. Before the audience had time to realise what they had seen the 'curtain liadlfallen,'and'tlie''iiiajorityi of bean felt as if they had been, feeling with one of Edison's electric motors, As soon as it was, noised abroad that the piece was a so indecent that it was liable to be suppressed by the authors | 'ties, all the gamblers, roses, and bald headed old sinner in town rushed to see it.' Boston very properly sat down on it, and believe it is Barnstorming in the West, ' running the ' gauntlet between unpaid hotel bills and police court warrants with fair chances of the workhouse or the penitentiary. , , . Tweed weeks ago, at the Union Square a piece was produced with the sugges- Jtive title of " Thou Shalt Not." " "What's in a name ?'' said Shakespeare, There was a great deal in this name, and after the first night's pot formance there' was a general' proclamation through the Press that the piece was off colour. Then came the rush. It was so shocking that a party of' respectable citizens waited on the May 01 and requested him to suppress He did i so, and Mr. J M., JEEiU,,,ir the manager-, who was absent in the West at the time, heard of the character of the piece and had it-taken at i once I left' the stage. He closed his doors for the rest of the week, though the loss to him meant many thousands of dollars. Now comes the Norwegian ' Ibsen, with ghosts and Sodom, etc;, etc. Bad, worse, worse - vile, vicar, vilest. Thopru rient indecency of Sat dou and Dumas is veiled , if rotten within, it is decently clothed ; it is bejewelled and perfumed and flowered, so that it is fair to the eye and dangerously pleasant to the sense. But Ibsen's dramas have no excuse for living - they should be strangled to death like venomous snakes, or killed as savage beasts are killed on sight. I always have entertained, and entertain still, a very high opinion of the Norwegians as a people. They, with the Swedes and Danes are among the very best of all our emigration. They are moral, healthy, clean, industrious, and altogether desirable. But the specimen of their drama served up to us at the German theatre here is worse than anything that we have yet seen in French or English. The general condemnation that has followed the production of these vile plays proves that there is some conscience and, decency left among us, and is hopeful far ft purer and better drama I which shall free us from native or imported abominations. But if there has been an earthquake in the theatres, the churches have not escaped, and that grave and grand institution the Episcopal Church has had its peace of mind disturbed by grave rumblings -which have threatened its discipline and seriously shaken its most sacred canons. It goes without saying that Dr. Rainsford and the Rev. 11, Heber New Ion are two of the most popular Episcopal clergymen in New York. Each has his peculiarity, but so far both have contrived to keep out of the meshes of the "canon law. Dr. Rains ford has the capacity for work of about a dozen men, and is never tired of doing good. His congregation adore him, the poor of his parish worship him, and no wonder, for he labours for them night and day. He can not only preach a good sermon, but he can bring down a mallard duck or a quail at a hundred yards, hook a trout, or dear a five barred gate, as well as any professional in the land, In addition to his other ac- ' complishments, he is said to be handy with the gloves and the fails, and is indeed almost ndniirh,ble Christian gentleman, a son peur et and reproaches Dr. T Newton 'is-of altogether a different cast; a scholarly, dignified priest; liming a high conception of his calling, and an independence of thought which at times has brought him to the dangerous verge of ' spiritual condemnation. Dr. Newton's a very brilliant man,, deeply read, and thoroughly swayed by his convictions No fear of personal consequences influence him for a moment for he has the longer that could have stood beside Services at Geneva, of John Huss in the market place, of Constance, And died without flinching if ' he imagined himself in the right. In the, Lenton, season just past, these two i priests,. have been guilty of a very serious crime. It. appears they invited ministers of other denominations tpT address their congregations on various moral!' subjects. 'It is not pretended that the ministers so invited derelicts very good ministers, and that the sermons tiicy.'clelivercfl were not most excellent discourses, but, they, were not in .tho'reguliu-iiline.of Apostolic succession, consequently they were heretics ;'! and being heretics their plane, was among the' heretical goats and not the side of the Episcopal sheep. Bishop. Potter was appealed to, and although almost rigid churchman it did not 'seem to him than any, one '"was ¿orip'usly'liut't, hand he let it, severely alone In this course he was sustained by the great body of our city clèrgy,'bùt| thisdidnot suit navy of the audiences-, sils who don't believe with-our coloured brother Jasper down Virginia, "Dat de sun do 'move!" > JA' few of these mischief-making busybodies got up' a petition to the Bishop to investigate the contumacy of Drs. Rainsford and Newton. It was understood by every signed that the matter was strictly vate and intended forno eyes but those of Bishop Potter. Instead of keeping live sacred promise of secrecy given to their brother churchmen, these worthy representatives of An names gave the whole thing to the New York North, and on the East were the names of dozens of' clergymen who had not even been, the petition. No one imagines that Dr. liambford or the Rev. R. Heber Newton will be'hurt'by the, discovery. It was a scandalous affair all through, and can only reflect disgrace on the originators, of the plot to humiliate two worthy clergymen. _ . In all the low concert saloons and dish reputable places of amusement; in this city is a burly-looking individual called the Bouncer. His business -is to got rid of disagreeable and ( troublesome customers,*and'h'o does not the shortest possible way. He is generally a retired prize-fighter or a States prison graduate, his, upsets a standing advertisement of the excellence of the liquors retailed at the bar, where he is one of the most constant consumers. Theatres and hotels have ih'oir"bouncers, but they are not known by that name. In these. two latter positions they^aro'recognised I as officers of ' the law, and in the case of ' flrstrclnss'"hotels like the Hoffman Housethoy#'avo'i'worth'several' thousands per year. '" About the office bar or'caféiof the Iloflinan'may be seen at most any*b.om.',of the'dayjoi'iiiiglit, a small sized, quiet;, little gentlemanly man; who appears to have no particular business. i He moves about from place to place without any apparent motive, and from the manner in which he re- recognises everybody, you conclude that he has a very general acquaintance'; suddenly a low, cost is heal a from the office and the little man disappeared like awash. A well-known crook handsomely dressed has entered the bar-room and ordered refreshments; instantly the Meuleman is by his side, he whispers in the orook'sear,tho crook turns and looks at him and says, " Chives, certainly !" 'and' strolls leisurely towards the '26th street door. He says, he, 'is, and the little man says so long, and the scene is. ended. There is no noise, no bluster, no blows, it is merely the meeting of two "gentlemen who understand each other, and that's all. Who is the little man ? Oh, I forgot to tell you, that he is Billy Edwards, who 20 years ago was the champion light weight of America, and who as long as he remained in the prize ring was never beaten by a man of his class ' Oh,' not lie don't fight now. He is the commissioner of the peace for the Hoffman. He numbers as his friends half the bankers and brokers in town, and is as nice a little gentlemen as you would, meet in a day's walk. At the same time don't got drunk and. raise a disturbance in Jloffnjaii'b when he is about. Why? / Well, no matter,! but don't. ' _ ' i p 