TEMPERANCE ENTERTAIN- MENT. The first of another series of united temperance entertainments was held in the Temperance Hall on Friday evening last, and from all appearances quite as moch interest is taken in these social gatherings as heretofore. The hall was comfortably filled, the audience being for the most part composed of the fair sex. The meeting was presided over by Mr James B. Leith, a visitor from Melbourne, while thfi piano was manipulated in Mrs Lillijgston's nsual excellent manner. The entertainment commenced by the choir singing the selection " Once again we meet," which was followed by the usual devotional exercises, the chairman reading a portion of scripture, and the Rev. J. G. Wilson engaging in prayer. Then followed the selection, "Men for the times," which was ably rendered by their choir. The chairman gave a very earnest and eloquent address, and in the course of his remark: declared his sympathy with the temperance party. He had been a total abstainer for many rcisons, although he was sorry to say he had not always been ranked amongst abstainers. Since taking tbe pledge he had found himself a healthier, more prosperous, and better man in every way. The indul gence in drink robbed men of happinsss. and happiness was what all were yearning after and striving to obtain. It was dangerous to take alcohol in however moderate a form, for who could tell what depths it might lead them to. Many men thought that they could control themselves as moderate drinkers, but again and again they had failed, and been utterly ruined in conseqnence. After the anplause had subsided the chairman introduced Master E. Bawden, who favored the audience with a temperance recitation, whi--h passed off fairly well, the audience evidently agreeing with th chairman, who remarked that all had to crawl bel'ore they could walk. The Cioir then rendered in a pleasing manner the selection, " Clear the way, which was followed by an able address by the Rev. J. G„ Wilson, who expressed great pleasure at seeing such a large gathering. He said it augured well for the success of the series of meetings of which this was the first. Many people were inclined to the opinion that temperance advocates were always too hard ou moderate drinkers. He wished his audience, as they posses common sense, to look with him at the social aspect of the drink question from a common senss point of view. It was customary formerly in the old country, he said, when inducting a minister into a charge, to have a good supply of intoxicating li juor on hand, but ho was very glad to say that the custom was much less prevalent in the present day, as was also fortunately the case in regard to weddings, funerals, and the like, at which it was customary to indulge more or less freely in intoxicants. The address was aptly illustrated throughout, and was quite a treat to listen to. Ti:e chairman then sang "Men of Harlech," with which the audience was so well pleased that an encore was demanded, and ii Tesf-onse Mr Leith sang "Tom Bowling, this rather difficult piece being most saccessfully executed by him. Mr Merchant recited Hood's " Mary's Ghost," in which the punning element was brought forth to perfection. The choir were then heard in the selection "Drink from the well." after which a dia'ogue entitled the " Wife's mistake," was enacted, the following taking part-:—Messrs Guest and Clarke, and Misses Clarke, Cross, and Ternpleton, and was ye^y creditably earned out. This was followed ,by another selection from the choir, ''When there's love at home," and after a few remarks from the chairman the meeting was brought to a close. 