GENERAL NEWS. Another Coal Mink.—Mr. J. S. Partridge called at this offioe on Friday afternoon, and' reported that he and Mr. Henry Lehmann dis covered pieces of coal in the Hundred of Wdolundunga, about three-quarters of a mile from the township of Saltia, and eleven miles, from Port Augusta. They were looking foe copper, and alongside the reef they found the coal in question. Bits first appeared at 2 ft. in sandstone. Lower down at (5 ft. it appeared in larger pieces in clay and sandstone, and altogether a hatful of the mineral was taken out. A sample was submitted to Mr. Goyder, jun., who [reported that it consisted of bitu minous black caking coal, yielding on analysis volatile hydro-carbon, 31*79; coke (ash de ducted), 48*65; ash (reddish brown), 16*93; water at 212"," 2*63; total, 100*00. The sample, added Mr. Goyder, was too, small to pronounce on its value as a fuel, and larger samples should be sent. "Care should be also taken to ascertain if the coal is a native of the locality, or has been accidentally de posited there." Mr. Partridge, who states that the country is all pegged out, affirms that it is a genuine discovery. The seam runs parallel with a reef yieldingsamplescontaining copper 25 per cent, and silver 9 oz. 16 dwt. to the ton. Colonial Officers.—It is pleasing to learn from Captain Lockyer that bis son, born in this colony and apprenticed to the old liner Collingrove, has made such prtgress in the profession ss to be appointed chief officer of a 5,000-ton steamer belonging to the Bombay Shipping Company, and trading up the Per sian Gulf. Whinh/m College.—On Thursday after noon the second session of 1891 at Whinham - College was closed after a most satisfactory half-year's work, and the eucoessful scholars in > the various classes were awarded prizes. The Australian Commonwealth. — Oil Tuesday the Premier (Hon. T. Play ford) will take the initiatory steps towards bringing the Commonwealth Bill adopted at the National Federation Convention in Sydney before the House of Assembly for members to express their views upon it. The measure w»U be in troduced in exactly the same form as it left the Convention, but Ministers will be free to support any amendment that may be deemed desirable. The debate on the Bill will p ro bably be spread over several weeks, the Go vernment being anxious that it should nob interfere with the local politioal business. Ib is felt that there is no need to hurry with the Bill, seeing that some time must elapse before the attitude of other colonies, and particularly New South Wales, towards the federation pro posals is declared. Charge against a Solicitor.—An un usually large number of gentlemen connected with the legal profession were present at the Adelaide Police Court on Friday, when a charge laid by Robert Botten, of Prospect, against Reginald Vaugban Oldham, a prac titioner in the Supreme Court, for improper conduct was heard. Several young girls gave evidence of the alleged offence. The defence, which was that it was a case of mistaken identity, conclusively proved that at the time the alleged offence was committedMr. Oldham was engaged in his office in King William street. The oharge was dismissed, and Mr. Oldham, on leaving the Court, was warmly congratulated by his friends. The counsel engaged in the case, viz., Mr. W. V. Smith, for the prosecution and Mr. J. H. Symon, Q.C., for the defence, became at times very warm, and unkind things were said, Mr. Pater having to act the part of peacemaker more than once. The Railway from Adelaide to Mubray Bridge.—On Friday, June 26, the Commis sioners of Railways journeyed from Adelaide to Murray Bridge and back, and inspected the - platelayers' cottages along the . In some - cases the Commissioners found that the accom modation was much too limited, and they decided to provide extra rooms for the comforb of the employes. An inspection was also made - of crossings on the line, and also of the appliances at Murray Bridge to facilitate the unloading of steam traders and barges at the - wharf. Distressed Commercial Bane Share holders' Belief Fond.—A meeting of the Executive Committee was held in the Mayor's ■ Parlour on Friday afternoon, Mr. C. H Goode in the chair. The Hon. Secretary (Rev. J. Nicholson) reported an income of £1,104. Ahout thirty cases of distress among - widows, spinsters, and aged persons came under review, and were duly classified. Grants to the extent of about £1,000 were made in twenty-Bix cases, in amounts varying from £75' to £20each. The balance, which it is hoped; will be augmented by further voluntary contri butions, will be distributed among the remain* ing cases at a future meeting. Tothill Fond.—Per T. Haydon, Victorian' Club, Melbourne—J. "Wilson, £5; E. N.. Abrahams, £5; J. Harper, £2; T. Haydon, £2 ; H. Moses, £2; M. Jacobs, £1; J. Cole* man, £1; C. Fleming, £1; J.- Levy, £1; J., Solomon, £1 Is.; J. Allen, £1; J. Raphael, 10s*. Per Mr. C. Ferrors, Pier Hotel, Glenelg—W. Branob, £5 5s.; C. H. Ferrors, £2 2s.; L S.. Elworthy, £2 2s.; J. C. Stone, £2 2s.; Couch and Lalor, £2 2s. ; D. Green, £2 2s.; G. Hall and Sons, £33s.; A. Bickford, £1 Is.; P. Laffer, £1 Is.; J. Edwards, 10s. Per A. O. Whiting ton—J. Hill, £5 5s.; Duncan Grant, £5 5s.;. C. J. Parker, £5; G. K. Soward, £2 2s.; W. B. Nealea, £2 2s.; T. Barnfield, £2 2s.; W. H. G.,. £2 2s.; Fredk. Ayers, £2 2s.; Stock & Smith, £2 2s.; G. Quia, £2 2s.; C. Rasp, £2; C. Howitt, £1 Is.; R. M. H., £1 Is.; Dr. Stewart, £1 la; E. Crispe, £1 Is.; W. Mayfield, £1 Is.;: G. H. Dean, £1 Is.; C. Wadey, £1 Is.; Denton: and Co., £1 Is.; J. Ryder, £1; H. T. Phillips, £1; Dr. Moore, £1 =£8713s. The Murray.—Sir Henry Parkes has lately had a map and statistics prepared'of the drain age area of the Murray River system, showing the areas of effective catchment in the several colonies. These figures prove that this area is as follows in the different colonies;—Queens land, 67,690 square miles, with a mean rainfall of 20'300 inches; New South Wales, 75,4991 square miles, mean rainfall 20*340 inches; Vic toria, 16,700 square miles, rainfall38'340 inches. Gray Fund.—Received—W. Hooper, £1 Is.;. K., 10s.; Kathleen, £1; George, 5s. Tothill Fond. — Received from Messrs. Rftrlrftr & Chambers cheque for £41 10s., sub scriptions as under:—Per Mr. G. E. Oldham —Delta, £10; \V. K. Simms, £5 5s.; E. Simins, £5 5s. For Mr. R. Rarr Smith—Hon. G. C. Hawker, £S Bs.j P. Waits, £5 6s. Per Mr. L. M. Tier—L. M. Tier, £5 5s.; G. MoLaughlin, £5 5s.; £3 3s., Cupbearer (per J. A EUery); £2 2s. eooh, L. Cohen, MP. (Mayor of Adelaide), George P. Harris, Scarfs, & Co., X. Y. Z.; £1 Is. eaoh, J. N. Hines, F. W. Bullook, A. W. Marshall, G. A. Hawkes, A. B. Murray, Shuttleworth and Letchford, H. L. Ayers, W. Eindermann, C. A Hornabrook, Goods, Durrant, Tits, &Co.; Difficulty in the Milling Thadb.—Some .slight difficulty is likely to arise among the mfllowners' employes over the eight-hours question. Last February the master millers and their men met in conference, at which the men asked to be granted eight hours. Con siderable discussion arose over the matter, and eventually the owners declared that owing to the condition of the trade they were unable to grant the concession, and tins put an end to all negotiations. Afterwards the matter was referred by the men to the Trades and Labour Council, and it was decided to hold a meeting on Thursday night at Port Adelaide to con sider the matter. Military.—Wo take the following from general orders published on Tuesday, June 23:—"The Major General commanding has been directed, by His Excellency the Com . mander-in-Chief to express to the troops his satisfaction with their appearance and the manner in which the various movements were performed at the review on the 20th inst. He particularly noted the excellent match ing past of the field artilleiy." Artillery —Officer for duty for ensuing week, A Bat tery, Lieutenant Duan. Infantry—Orderly officers for the ensuing week. Major Harrold, A.R., Captain HipwelL A.R., Lieu tenant W. A Smith, A.R. 0 Company, 3rd Battalion — Lance-corporal Bromley to be conporal. B Company, 2nd Battalion—Pioneer Collis is transferred to the ranks. Lieu tenant A H. Neale, AR., to be captain. It is ptoposed to form an Officers' Class in Melbourne during the months of August, \- September, and October for military topo graphy, field fortification, and tactics, under Captain Reynolds, R.E., Garrison Instructor. Officers of tne South Australian Forces hare been kindly invited to attend. Correspondence can be seen at the Staff Office, and names must be forwarded bvMondav. June 29. The Late Insrectob Stuart.—It is always a pleasing task to give the testimony of old colonists to the worth of men who have "done the State some service." In the \- case ot the late Mr. C. W. Stuart an old com rade, Mr. Tom Coward, tarnishes the follow ing interesting tribute to the deceased officer's memory. He Bays:—" I was with Mr. Stuart ■ on the gold escort from Adelaide to Melbourne in 1852, and we returned with 28 cwt. of gold, after a l Desert. This was my fourth trip with the < escort. I found Mr. Stuart a most kind, just, considerate officer in quarters, although a strict disciplinarian—he was always accasible to his men and lenient in the matter of petty offences. He always demanded prompt obedience, but never harassed his men, who on their part would turn ont smartly and do anything for him, rain or shine, night or day. He was exceptionally temperate, an excellent bush man, a first-rate horseman, a most determined, persistent man on the track of a criminal, and an all-round good man. I remember that ho went through a great deal of hardship in following up the horsestealers Guffey and Nichols in 1853, hunting them so closely through the ranges about JBalhannah, Wood side, Mount Barker, BrownhiU Creek, and the neighbourhood of Echunga, but he lost them. Any one travelling in that country in those days knows what hard work it was. They got away, but I captured them afterwards in the middle of one night after a lively hunt. They were tried before Judge Boothby, and de fended by the late James Hurtle Fisher and got five years' hard labour. I ■ can say this from my experience of Mr. Stuart that there was never a better In spector of Police in South Australia. He ww as energetic and active as any man under him could desire. I believe I was the only member of the old escort at the funeral yesterday. Mr. Harry Alfbrd, who was too ill to attend, ennn out with him in 183G, and served under him." It is an interesting fact that Mr. Coward, who has bad a most adventurous life, oan olaiin that his grandfather on the mother's side (G. Lanham) served as a colour-Bergeant through . all the battles under Wellington ; and his wife's grandfather (Edward Deagon) also served through all the battles Nelson was engaged in. Truly an bonourable retrospect I £3 " Putting through the Insolvency Cocht."—At the City Police Court a con siderable portion of Wednesday was taken up in the hearing of a chare of perjury against Joseph Coney, a storeman. The eviaenoe proved interesting, as it was Bhown that a bookmaker named Henry Frith had desired to be "put through the Insolvency Court," and gave an assistant bailiff, named George Higgs, £3 to perform the operation. Fnth signed a blank I.O.U., and Coney, who thereupon appears as a bogus creditor, went before Mr. D. McNamara, J.P., with an affidavit, and obtained a warrant of arrest, which was executed upon Frith as an absconding debtor. "The sine die prisoner," who was explained to D8 Mr. W. E. Adcock, filed the schedule. Subsequently, however, Frith divulged the proceedings to Mr. Commissioner Russell. Owing to the prosecution proving that the oath was not duly administered by Mr. McNamara to Frith, the case broke down. A charge against Higgs of suborning Coney was abandoned. The Defaulter Middle ton.—With regard to the Government defaulter Middleton and the two stolen chequeB of £25, one of which fell into the hands of Mr. Dumevie, and the other into those of Mr. Tierney, those gentle men have called upon us to explain the cir ■ oumstances. It appears that the first cheque was presented for change to Mr. Dunlevie's clerk at the raoeoourse, who would not give it without his employer's initials. On Middleton seeing Mr. Dunlevie, he refused to initial it unless it was endorsed with a good name, whereupon Middleton went away and returned with the signature of Mr. Tierney. The clerk then gave the cash to Middleton. In the seoond case Middleton went to Mr. Tierney, and asked him to cash a cheque for £25, but as he could not do so he endorsed the cheque. Middleton took it to Mr. Tierney's Bank, which cashed ic under an arrangement with Mr. Tierney to cash crossed cheques bearing his endorsement. In both cases Mr. Tierney gave his endorse ment as an act of friendship to Middleton, whom he well knew and trusted, and without any speoial enquiry as to the cheques. Neither Mr. Dunlevie nor Mr. Tierney had any business transactions with Middleton. We understand from them that the cheques were payable to "hearer," and not to "order." A slight misapprehension has arisen as to the identity of_ the culprit. Bruce Middleton was not the chief clerk of the Public Buildings Department. The chief clerk, Mr. Herbert Middleton, is considered one of the beat men in the service. Tub Linwood Bbidgk.—1One of the largest of tbo bridges swept away by the disastrous floods of 1889 was t writes our correspondent) that on the main road between Gawler and Tarlee, over the Light. The plans for the new bridge were prepared in the office of Mr. C. T. Hargrove, C.E., Inspector-General of Eoads and Bridges, and tenders were received cn December 9, last year. Messrs. Braid wood and Wise were the successful tenderers for the mason work and approaches, the amount being £2,840. The sub-contractors were Messrs. LigertwoodandBarlroand the workcommenoed on January 28 last. The Resident Engineer is Mr. A. Radford. Work was pushed on bo smartly that by April 17 the Linwood abut ment and the two piers were ready for the ironwork, or six weeks before the contract time. The Stockport abutment was completed on June 17. No time has been lost, and twelve men have been employed on an average. The abutments and piers are built of Tarlee stone, lib J J *« _j_ .11 1 J i.1 with dressed quoins at all angles and at the The • * - * cutwater ends of the piers. The girder-bed stonee and string courses and caps are of white Aldgate freestone, which eets off the blue colour of the Tarlee stone very nioely. Roughly speaking the quantity of stone in the bridge amounts to 850 cubic yards. TheStook port abutment is built on the solid rock, excavated and levelled. On this the stone is set in cement oontrete. The approach is em banked with a long retaining wall on the river side. The first pier also rests on the bed rock 8 ft. below the river-bed filled up with 3J ft. of cement concrete. The masonry is 29 ft. long with a bottom width of 5 ft.; top 4 ft. and 27 ft high. The seoond pier is on a pile foundation, the piles restingon the rock after being driven some 15 ft. The masonry here again rests on 3A ft. of cement concrete, and the height is 25J ft. The Linwood abutment rests on diagonal planking. The excavation was made 10 ft. deep; then two layers of 4J in. karri, and on top thereof a layer of cement concrete. On this side the roadway has to be formed and made as this bridge crosses the river at right angles, the old one crossing it diagonally. There are three openings eaoh of 61 ft,, and these will be spanned by girders of miilea steel similar in shape to those crossing the Light near Kapunda. There will be main girders, cross-girders, and corrugated fioot plates. Mr. James Hooker, of Kilkenny, the contractor for the steel and iron work, expects to have the work in full swing shortly, and in all probability it will be completed long before the contract time, October 15 next. It ought to be safe, too, as the lower _ parts of the girders will be 5 ft. above the highest level of the greatest local flood known. Sm John Downed and Pdooress and PovKBTr.—Sir John Downer gave us a delicious bit of platform fireworks (writes our Gawler correspondent) during his address on federation on Friday evening. While he was plaoidly dilating on the immense wealth of Australia some Radical elector at the back interjected—" Yes; but it's in the hands of a few." This disturbed Sir John's serenity. Pausing for a seoond or two, during which time probably all the horrors of radicalism flashed before him, he retorted with consider able animation—"That I disagree with en tirely ; but I don't care whether it is true or not at present. I am quite prepared to dis cuss it at any time and place as I am another question, viz., the proposition of Henry George that iirogress and poverty go together. So far from progress and poverty going together"—and here his inflections reached concert pitch, and his gestures became corres pondingly emphatic—"the general classes were never so well to do as they are at present. Progress and prosperity go together, and the man that says the opposite is en deavouring to set up class against class, and not endeavouring to do what is best for the good of the community." The audienoe were highly delighted at Sir John's warmth, and applauded him right heartily when his out burst was spent. Then he proceeded as placidly as before. y Railway Brakes.—On Saturday morning the Locomotive Engineer (Mr. T- Roberts) returned to Adelaide after an absence of three weeks in Melbourne and Sydney. The object of Mr. Roberts's trip was to see the trial of the Westinghouse and vaowyn brakes in Sydney, invitations havingJtWKsenti to the Railway Commissioners <51 the different colonies for the Locomgtwtf Engineers to witness the trial. The*Board which was appointed to judge on the trial oonsisted of Mr. W. Thow, Chief Mechanical Engineer of New South Wales, Mr. Neill, Assistant Engineer, Mr. Cruick shank, Engineer to the Marine Board, Mr. Rotherham, Chief Locomotive Superintendent of the New Zealand Railways, and Professor Warren, Professor of Engineering at the Sydney University. The trials were mode on the line between Parramatta and Katoomba, and the gradients were 1 in 30 and 1 in 33. Goods trains were provided, these comprising fifty wagons and a brakevan, the bulk of the wagons being fully loaded. A number of others were half loaded, and the balance of empty vans was distributed about the train. Both brakes, Mr. Roberts says, made very fine performances on both the emergency and ordinary Berviee stops. Mr. Roberts left Sydney before the trial was finished. While in Sydney he saw the latest improvements in carriage stock, and also some of the live stock wagons. In passing through Melbourne he had an opportunity of seeing one or two patents for lighting railway carriages. One of these patents has been at work on the line between Melbourne and Brighton. Mr. Roberts speaks in glowing terms of the hospitality which was shown to the visitors in Sydney. Funeral of the Latr Mrs. Gosse.— The remains of the late Mrs. William Gosse were removed from her late residence, Wake field-street, Kent Town, on Saturday morning, June 20. A large number of the family and old friends followed the hearse, which was a glass one, and showed the coffin covered with an immense number of beautiful wreaths and crosses. The first carriage contained Masters William and JamesGosse(grandsons), Mr. Alex ander Hay (son- in-law), and the Rev. Canon Andrews (officiating clergyman); the seoond, Mr. James Hay, Sir Henry Ayers, and Mr. Iiuxmoore. We also noticed the Hon. G. C. Hawker, M.P., Sir Thomas Elder, G.C.M.G., Mr. R. Barr Smith. Sir William Milne, the Dean of Adelaide, the Sheriff, Mr. George Boothby, and many otherold and distinguished colonists. The remains were interred in the North- road Cemetery, in the same grave as the late William Gosse, M.D., F.R.C.S. The eldest grandson of the deceased lady (Master Alexander Gosse Hay) and his brother (Master William Gosse Hay) were unavoidably absent owing to being in Melbourne. Dr. John Gosse (nephew) was also prevented from attending. Distressed Commercial Rank Share holders' Relief Fund.—We are informed by the Rev. J. Nicholson that about £1,100 have been subscribed to this fund, which will be allotted on Friday next by the committee among about thirty of the worst cases of distress induced by the failure of the Bank. The beneficiaires nave been discharged from liability to the Bulk, and are therefore eligible to receive aid in harmony with the wishes of the promoters of the fund. Babnardo Homes.—Received from Ned's Corner Station, River Murray, £2 lis. Industrial School for the Blind.—The ordinary committed meeting was held at the institution on Thursday, June 18, when there were present—Messrs. C. H. Goode (Presi dent, in the chair), G. W. Hawkes, S. Goode, D. Garlick, H. T. Fry, E. S. Wigg, ML H. Madge, F. Hagedorn, J i. Nook, G. Shaw, J. Guit, and T. S. Reed, Revs. R. K. Fin layson and J. McEwin, and Messrs. A. W. Hendry and D. Sterne. Business—Fi nance Committee reported having passed accounts to the amount of £58, requirements £10L Be purchase of gas-engine a sub committee was appointed to report on same. The action of the Manager in giving work to two blind men in their own houses approved; it was also recommended that Mr. S. Rent, who is himself blind, be appointed Collector to the institution. The Manager's report showed goods produced for the month—Brushes, 1,014 i mats, 58; baskets, 129; chairs oaned, 12; coucneB, 5; total expenditure, £203; Bales for the month, £213; receipts for goods sold, £218; subscriptions, 35s.; oonoert by Blind Choir, £82; Soawn Fund, £3 5s. [liabilities, including Bank overdraft, £124. The blind are still at j work at the Industrial Exhibition. One bag of horsehair had been reoeived from Mr. G. Ingram, of Caltowie, per Mr. E. Seikmann. Government contracts for brushes, baskets, and mats had been obtained to the value of £1,788, to be supplied during the {two years ending June 30,1893. Comparisons of prioes received by contractors last year and the prioes 1 received by the institution this year were sub mitted, showing that the institution has not undersold outside firms. The Home Teaobing Committee reported that the Home Teaoher had paid during the year 1,123 visits, books circulated for the same penod 904. Increase of blind pupils during the year, 4; decrease 1. Total number now being visited, 100. The library contains 502 volumes, being an increase of 21 lor the year; this is principally due to the labours of the Braille Manusoript Writing Society. Miss Ada Judell has presented the library with several numbers of "Santa Lucia." Two arithmetic slates (Taylor's systems) were also received from Miss Harvey. Messrs. E. S. Wigg & Son were binding the books written i by the Braille Society free of charge. Reports j adopted. The annual report and balance-sheet for presentation at the subscribers' meeting j were read and approved. Applications for the | admission of A. DarkinB, L. Werndt, and S. Clark were considered, and it was resolved that they should be admitted sabjeot to certain conditions. I Flcx and Fieewood.—The amount of flux and firewood Bent away from the Mount Barker Railway Station last week was (says the Courier ai June 10):—Ironstone and marble flux, S2G tons; firewood, 14 tons. New Mdsio.—We have reoeived from Mar shall & Sons the "Song of the Third Battalion." The words are by Mr. W. J. Evans and the music by Mr. W. R. Pybus, both of this city. The work is dedicated to Lieutenant-Colonel Lovely. The poem con sists of three stanzas, and the following refrain:— March, boys, march, old comrades stick together; March, boys, march, there's duty to he done; Our colours fly above us, The hearts we fight for love us, No doughty foe but soon shall know the Third Battalion. This final word compels the vocalist to throw the accent on the last syllable (on), but apart from this slight defect and the difficulty of complying with the request contained in the third verse to "Drink the sunny land we live in" the song is more than ordinarily meritori ous. The wordB breathe the 'sentiments of a true patriot prepared to defend " our hearths and homes," and the music is " inspiring as the trumpet's call to arms." It is set in (r major and within the range of an ordinary tenor voice. Accident at Poet Adelaide.—On Mon day morning an accident ocourred at Mr. Fletcher's Slip, Port Adelaide, to a workman named J. DowelL He was standing on a staging attending to the propeller of the steam ship Flinders, when the stage gave way, pre He cipitatmg Dowell to the ground. He was taken to the Hospital, where the injuries were found to be rather serious, the left leg being broken above the ankle and the foot being dis looated. Dr. Toll attended to the sufferer. Stock Exchange of Adelaide.—The posi tion of Secretary to the Stock Exchange of Adelaide, for which there were over eighty applicants, has been given to Mr. J. C. Wharton. Previous to his arrival in this colony Mr. Wharton was Double First Honour man (olassios and English literature) at Trinity College, Dublin. For several years he was on the editorial staff of the Register, and he subsequently acted as Secretary to Sir Herbert B. Sandford, the Commissioner for the British Section at the Adelaide Jubilee Exhibition. In lite rary circles Mr. Wharton is highly esteemed. During its existence Mr. Wharton was the editor of the "Shakspeare Society's Journal." His many friends in this oolony will hear of his appointment with pleasure. Pbjnoe Alfred Old Collegians' Associa tion.—The annual general meeting of this Association was held at Prince Alfred College on Tuesday evening. There was a very good attendance of members, and in the absence of the President Mr. P. Chappie, B.A., B.Bc. (the senior Vice-President) took the chair. The Secretary reported that during the present year thirty-six new members had been en rolled, and that moat of the members seemed desirous that the Association should be more active. The Treasurer reported an increased credit balance of £6. Several suggestions for deepening the interest in, and the influence of, the Association were discussed, and as one means it was decided that the College Chronicle should be distributed free of charge to all members of the Association. The oHicers elected for the ensuing year were:—President, Mr. .1. A. Hartley, B.A., B.Sc.; Vice-Presi dents, Messrs. F. Chappie, B. A., B.Sc., E, B. Colton, and J. T. Suuter, B.A.; Secretary, Mr, F. J. Chappie'; Assistant Secretary, Mr. F. S. Hones.Treasurer, Mr. E. H. Bakewell; Auditors, Messrs. S. Bailey and H. Robin; committee, Messrs. A. Scott, B.A., G. M. Evan, A. W. Piper, J. A. Haslam, W. Tre leaven, B.A., and F. A. Chapman. After the business and supper bad been disposed of some vciy pleasing songs, pianoforte solos, and reoi tations wore rendered by Messrs. H. Lesaben, F. Chapman, F. and F. J. Chappie, G. M. Evan, W. J. Nook, E. P. Auld, and W. R. Bayly. The meeting closed with cheers for the entertainers, Mr. and Mrs. Chappie. Colonial Art.—We have been shown a very meritorious painting in oils of a back country scene, after Johnston by Mr. E. W. Christmas, which does the artist credit. It is a picture of a calm sheet of water, over- shadowed by trees, the reflections of which are clearly mirrored in the shallows. Two cranes are wading in the water on business bent, near where the green rush-covered bank cuts the stream, and the middle distance is broken by a tall sturdy gumtree, while in the far back ground, where the water winds abruptly to the left, the view is blocked by a lessening forest, reared against a cold pale sky. The foliage is very carefully done, and the work ranks with the best Mr. Christmas has turned out of its kind. Bknsen Fund.—Received from Kathleen, £1. Church Parade.—About 300 members of the Defence forces assembled on Sunday after noon to attend a Church parade at the Cathe dral. At a quarter to 3 the men fell in at the head quarters, North-terrace, and led by the band marched to the Cathedral. His Excellency the Governor attended in the uni form of Hon. Colonel of the Adelaide Lanoers; he was oooompanied bv the Countess and suite. Major-General Downea appeared in his official capacity of Commandant, the other chief officers being Brigade-Major Lovett, Captains Tomkinson, A.D.C., and Stucky, A.D.C., Major Plummer (1st Battalion), Colonel Makin (2nd Battalion), Colonel Lovely (3rd Battalion). Nearly all the body of the hall was occupied by the men, there being also a large gathering of the public. The Bishop (Dr. Eennion), who delivered an address to the troops, took for his text 1 Peter iL 17. After alluding to the reign of Her Mjy'osty the Queen, which had begun fifty-four years pre viously, and speaking of the glorious triumphs which had followed^ the British race during her oocupation of the throne, he pointed ont the lessons which oould be derived from the text Peter's whole life was a lesson of con sideration for others, an example which all soldiers should. follow. "Honor all men" Bhould teach them comradeship, for it was the spirit of brotherhood that made a man do his best for those who wore the same uniform as he did and made them realize that they were linked together in doing a common duty. Fraternity was so true that they could not' have brotherhood without fatherhood, and there was only one true fatherhood. The fear of God was surely the only fear that a soldier should have. It was only by having that fear that tbey would get a truo conception of what their duty was. Soldiers more than any one elBe Bhould honor the Queen. People talked "as if monarohy was passing away, but if as was once said that 1,000 French swords would leap from their scabbard in defence of their Queen, surely 100,000 swords would be raised if aught assailed our Queen, because they recognised, that in the last fifty-four years was one of the most beneficial reigns ever known in the world. There was a greater prosperity in the Queen's realm, and that prosperity m spite of all difficulties was steadily increasing. Men said that monarchy had lately received a shock. It was a shock. He had been re minded by that incident that there was a time when England's Prince of Wales seemed to be the leader of all frivolities in the Kingdom, and as he sat by his father's death bed he took the crown and placed it upon his own head, and sad as it must have been to the father he believed that the father spoke to his son words of great wisdom. When Henry V. came to the throne on the death of his father and was crowned King he altered his life. He (the Bishop) believed that our Prince would rise to the occasion, and that if the shock has been felt, yet after all it might prove to be the very purification of that terrible sin of gambling, which was undoubtedly beginning to moke such headway. He did not forget that God who bad given us such a Queen would take care that England would not suffer, but that her destiny in the world would be fulfilled; but they must not forget that that would depend upon how those followers who bad to serve her etood loyal to their Queen, their country, and God. On leaving the Cathedral the troops saluted His Excellency, and then marched to the parade ground, where they were dismissed. [ Lay Rkadebs' Association.—The annual meeting of the Lay Readers' Association was I held at St. Barnabas College on Friday, June I 19. There was a fairly large attendance of members. In the unavoidable absence of the Bishop the chair was taken by the Rev. W. S. Milne. The Secretary's and Librarian's reports were read, and showed that a con siderable amount of interest had been taken in the work of the Association during the past twelve months. The following officers were appointed for the yearPresident, Bishop Kennion (ex officio); Vice-PresidentB, Rev. W. i S. Milne, B.I)., Dr. T. K. Hamilton; Com mittee, Rev. F. H. Stokes. Messrs. J. H. Packard, W. H. Holmes, S. T. C. Best, W. G. Bradley; Librarian, Mr. A. H. Roberts; Secretary, Mr. W. Warner. It was resolved to make further additions to the library, and i to arrange for a course of lectures during the winter months. PmiE-BTKEET Wbslbyan Chckch. — On Sunday reojiening services in connection with this Church were celebrated. On both occa sions there were large congregations. The Rev. Vivian Roberts preached in the morning from Lukexi. 9, and in the evening the pulpit was occupied by the Rev. James liaslam, the minister of the Church. His text was Luke xii. G. Ho remarked:—"Underneath the foundation-stone of this Church the following document was placed—'The foundation-stone of this chapel, for the use of the people called Methodists, in connection with the society established by the Rev. John Wosley, A.M., was laid by His Excellency Sir Henry Edward Fox Young, Kt,, Lieutenant-Governor of the Province, on Monday, the 15tb day of July, a.d. 18G0, being the fourteenth year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria; the Rev. Thomas Jackson being the President of the British Conference; the Rev. William B. Bovce, General Superintendent of the Wesleyan Missions in Australia; the Rev. Daniel L. Draper and the Rev. Thomas N. Hull, Ministers of the Adelaide Circuit; the Rev. R. C. Flocknrt, Assistant; Trustees, Messrs. John Colton, Robert Hawkes, William McGuire, Andrew Johnston, Thomas Martin, William Johns, H. Hutchins. J. B. Hack, T J. Mitchell, J. C. Coke, William Collins, Henry Goss: Architect, Henry Stuokey, Esq.; Builders, Messrs. W. H. Peryman & Son. Our venerable founder has recorded it as his opinion that the object of God in raising the Methodists was to spread scriptural Christianity throughout the land. To assist in promoting this object in South Australia this chapel is erected to the honour and glory of the Triune God—Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Aweu.' No pulpit is so near the very heart of the country s life as this one. This, therefore, is a coign of advantage and a position of grave trust." Mk. F. H. Molesworth.—Our Wauk ai ring® correspoi.dent writes on June 21Mr. F. H. Moleaworth, who is now hero running his new patent caleiner successfully, has ro ceived an intimation that be has been elected an honorary member of the Academie Pari sienne des Inventeurs, and after careful exami nation of his second patent has been awarded the first-class diploma and gold medal by that Society. Mr. Molesworth lies also received information that he has lieeu elected a member of the Society of Chemical Industry, of which Sir Henry Rosooe was first President, and of which Sir Lowthian Bell is the present Presi dent. He has also been solicited by the oom mittee to exhibit his process at the Industrial Exhibition to be held in the Palais de l'ln dustrie, Champs Elyseos, Paris, from July to November, 1891, but unfortunately time pre vents an exhibit being sent. A DELATOR AKD SUBURBAN BUILDING AND Investment Sooiett.—The Directors of this Society have declared a half-yearly dividend of 4s. per share. Railway Revenue.—The railway revenue for the week ending June 20,1891, was £22,720, the corresponding week of 1890 being £17,385, showing an increase of £5,341. Oub Public Schools.—We have reoeivod from the publishers, Messrs. Hussey and Gillineham, (in advance copy of a pamphlet by Mr. W. O. Grasby On "Our Public Schools." In thisthe writer criticises with a free hand the policy of the Eduoation Department, par ticularly condemning the pupil teacher system, resnlt examinations, and autocratic adminis tration. He does not scruple to comment severely, we are hound to say in some instances too severely, upon the action of the Inspector-General, the value of whose servioea in connection with our education system cannot well be overestimated. Mr. Grasby does not omit to bear testimony to Mr. Hartley's merits, but this testimony is largely discounted by the harshness of some of his criticisms. In an appendix plans and elevations ate given of Currie-Btreet school and a school designed by Mr. T. H. Smeaton embodying the prmoiples adopted by German and American educa tionalists, giving a Separate room for each class and accommodation for over 200 extra pupils for the same money. The pamphlet has evidently been written with the view of arousing a more general interest in public education, which Mr. Grasby considers one of the chief safeguards of representative government. The interest which Mr. Grasby, who for years was connected with the State-school system here, has always taken in education, and the time and labour he has spent in studying the _ most advanced Bystems in other lands, will give his opinions weight, even with those who may not agree with some of his views. The Late Me. C. W. Stuabt.—The death is announced, in his eightieth year, of Mr. Charles W. Stuart, a gentleman who ranked amongst the pioneeia of South Australia, and took an active share in the hardships, dangers, and stirring events which characterised the early history of the oolony in those days of trouble, when the roughest experiences had to be encountered with pluok and fortitude, and lawless men of the bushranger class had to be brought to justioe. Mr. Stuart was identified with the oolony from its earliest history. He was bora in St. Marylebone, London, in 1812, and was first sent to the Merchant Tailors' School and subsequently ;to a private sohool for his education. It was originally in tended that he should adopt a mili tary profession, but there wss a diffi culty about getting a commission, and he decided to Beek his fortune in Australia. Ha sailed from England in 1832 in the Atwiok, bound for Hobart Town and Sydney, and when he arrived at the latter place he joined his relative, Captain W. Caswell, R.N., who had a cattle station at Port Stephens. Obtaining a preliminary land order m 1836 for the new colony of South Australia, he came over here in the schooner 'Jhuelove, and landod at Kangaroo Island on November 13, 1836. Foe two years he was in charge of cattle and horses for the South Australian Company, and saw a great deal of bush life in that oapacity. In 1850 he accepted the appointment of Inspector of the Metropolitan Police in Ade laide. He became Senior Inspector of Mounted Police, and was connected with the famous gold escort. In 1853 he was made a Police Magistrate and Commissioner of Police. Mr. Stuart was a bold, active officer, and with the members of the Police Force had much Jierilous as well as arduous duty devolving upon lim owing to the unsettled state of the country. When Inspector of Foot Police he assisted in the recapture of Bell Chambers, a notorious character, who had escaped from custody. After long service in the Police Force Mr. Stuart severed his connection with it, and settled down to more peaceful and lucrative pursuits, in which he appeared to have suc ceeded fairly well. He, with the late Mr. J. A. Northmore and the late Mr. S. C. Pearson, was an earnest believer in the existenoe of petroleum on the Coorong. He had been staying at Mount Barker until two years back, and had since resided in Bast Adelaide. The family of the deoeased gentleman consists of six married daughters and four sons. The funeral of this well- known old colonist took place on Wednesday afternoon, his remains being removed from his late residence, Franklin-street, at 4 o'clock for interment in the West-terrace Cemetery. The officiating clergy man was the Rev. S. R. Kenny. The chief mourners were' Messrs. C. W. Stuart, R. R. Stuart, F. Stuart (sobb), W. Kelly (son-in-law), and five of the deceased gentleman's grand children. Amongst those who followed were Messrs. S. Beddome, Philip Levi. A G. Burt, Cornelius Mitchell, Alderman Ellery, J. B. Austin, 0. H. Gilles. G, Moore, T. C. Dal wood, W, Benny, T. Coward, C. Provis, W. J. L. Beare, J. Nicnolls, J. Nicholson, D. Irvine, Councillor Sellar, A. E. Klauer, H. P. Denton, Crabbe, A. Powell, and S. R. Heseltine. Out of respect for the memory of their old Inspector fourteen mounted police under Sergeant Irwin and Lance- corporal Hewitt attended. The arrangements were carried out by Mr. Siebert. The deceased's old comrade-in-arms, Mr. Harry Alford, was unable to attend owing to illness. Block 14 Meeting. — At the adjourned meeting of shareholders in this mine, which, was held on Saturday, June 20, Mr. E. N. Wigg made a long statement in reply to the assertions of Mr. Laughton. Those present bad a Btrong desire that the dividends should be increased as soon as possible to 2s. Od., and a resolution was passed asking the Direotors to do their best in this direction. Military Review and Chdboh Pabapk.— The annual review of the Defence forces was held at Montefiore Hill on Saturday afternoon (Queen's Accession Day), and was attended by 1,141 officers and non-commissioned officers and men. The Mounted Infantry and the Naval Brigade were absent. His Excellency the Governor (Lord Kin tore) and suite attended. On Sunday afternoon there was a Church parade at St. Peter's Cathedral, the sermon being preached by Bishop Reunion, who made allusion to the Prince of Wales and the sin of gambling. The Late Dr. Waueks.— Our EUiston cor respondent, writing on June 18, says:—"On Saturday last the most unwelcome news was received that Dr. Warren was dead. The deoeased gentleman was in the best of health the evening before, and on being called for breakfast and not answering the door was opened, when ho was found dying. The de ceased had not bees in practice bean long, but so far he was very successful, aud greatly esteemed by every one. The case was duly re ported to Mr. Crowe, J.P., who considered an inquest unnecessary. The public opinion is ■ that ah inquest was most necessary, and why one was not held is the general talk. The deceased was buried on Monday last, over 100 pcrsuns attending the funeral." Improvements at Poet Adelaide.—The contract for the erection of a largo wool store at Port Adelaide for Messrs. Elder, Smith, and Co. has been accepted, and on Friday a commencement was made with the work. Messrs. Walter & Morris, of Port Adelaide, have secured the contract at about £2,BOO, and the work, we understand, is to be completed in time for next wool season, whioh oommences in September. The building will be erected at the rear of the present large stores belonging to this enterprising wool firm, and will contain the most modern appliances for the handling of wooL The Late Mr. D. B. Adamson.—The an- nouncement of the death of this well-known citizen and old colonist will be re- ceived with great regret by the very large circle of friends amidst whion he has moved for ao many years, as he was regarded as one of the most straightforward, useful, practical men of business in the community, and a scien- tific as well as a mechanical genius. Mr. Adamson was born in 1823 in Hawick, Scotland, and came out here with his father and brothers on the ship Recovery in September, 1839. His father established the business in Hanson-street, which was afterwards conducted by the Adamson Brothers with so much success that the agricultural machinery they manufac- tured acquired a high reputation throughout the colony, so much bo that it became a saying that "Adamson's machines never gave the country blacksmith a living for repairs," they were so well and strongly constructed. Mr. D. B. Adamson remained in the business with his brother Adam for some twenty-five .years, and then they both retired. The deceased gentleman studied science and mechanics for the love of knowledge; he showed peculiar gifts, immovable patience, inexhaustible energy, and great enthusiasm in whatever he undertook. In the course of his long and useful career he formed a valuable collection of scientific instruments, mechanical appliances, and curious toys, designed and made by himself, and his friends have always accounted it a great privilege to inspect his -museum. His faculty for scientific research was of no ordinary kind; it was inventive and creative to a high degree. Some years ago he made a very fine Gregorian telescope, and also a Newtonian one, the result of his venture in ducing Mr. A. W. Dobbie, a kindred spirit, who was a great friend of his, to make a large telescope also, thus showing that this delicate work oould be done out here successfully. As an instance of the deceased gentleman's versa- tility as a mechanical genius it may be men- tioned that when he was quite a young man, ■ in fact before his marriage, he made a har- monium which is still in use, and in which the family take great pride. He took an active interest in philosophical and kindred institu- tions, and was for twenty years a valuable member of the organization now known as the Royal Society of South Australia. On many occasions he read instructive papers, and delivered speeches upon subjects connected with the soienoes he studied, but he never went outside this particular circle to enter public life, being content to devote himself to his cherished peculiar pursuits. He was a prominent member of Stow Congregational Church for many years. It was Mr. Adamson's boast that until this recent illness overtook him he had never been seriously ailing in his life. Latterly he suffered from asthma, and was attended by Dr. Way. He leaves a widow and thirteen children, six sons and seven daughters. Messrs. Adam Adamson and J. B. Adamson, of this city, and J. Hazel Adamson, of Victoria, are brothers of the deceased, and Mrs. James Kelly, of Marooara, near Riverton, is a sister. The Late Mr. W. J. Sims.—The death is announced of' Mr. W. J. Sims, who for many years occupied' a responsible position in the Bank of South Australia in this oolony. The deceased gentleman, who was well known and greatly respected in the North, where he held the position of Manager of several of the country branches of the Bank, was educated at the late Mr. John L. Young's school, where he carried off the old scholars' ; §rize and other honours. Until recently Mr. ims was Manager of the Bank at Gladstone, where he occupied the position of lay-reader in the Church and took an active interest in all local matters. Latterly he had held the position of accountant at the Melbourne Branch, but at the time of his death was pro- j ■ceeding to England for the benefit of his health. He leaves a wife and family in Mel bourne. Tee Footbah, Accident.—The accident to Mr. A J. Roberts in the football match be- I tweon Norwood and Port Adelaide on the holi day was more serious than the majority of the spectators considered, for, although he was seen to walk off the ground in agony, it was not thought that the arm was broken; but un fortunately suoh was the case, the injury sus tained being a compound fracture of the left elbow. The mishap occurred just before three quarter time, and a little to the west of the Norwood goal. Maokie, the Port back man, obtained the ball, and was unuing away with it when Roberts collared him, and fell with the whole of his weight on his left arm. This is a peculiarly unfortunate accident, for Mr. Roberts had since the first Port and Nor wood match on May 16 virtually given up playing, and had only been prevailed upon to .participate in this game at the last moment. Meeting of the Synagogue.—At a meeting of the members of the Hebrew Synagogue on Sunday afternoon the resolution giving the trustees power to sell certain property was con firmed. Mr. M. J. Solomon presided. Gifts to Charities.—The late Mr. Alfred Weaver, we are informed, in his will drafted in his latter days bequeathed £60 to each of ■the following; charities, via. -.—The Blind Asylum (Brighton), Home for Incurables, S.A. Female Refuge, and the Children's Hospital, dree and clear of legacy and succession duties. Australian Natives' Association.—Owing to the holiday on Monday the ordinary meet ing of the Australian Natives' Association was held at Beach's Rooms on Tuesday evening, June 23. The programme was a musical one, .and contributions were rendered by Messrs. A. E. Milbanke, E. P. Nesbit, A E. Lawton, A. D. J. Ahearn, and J. Sadler. Officers for the ensuing half-year were elected as follows: —President, Mr. J. F. Conigrave; Vioo President. Mr. E. P. Nesbit; committee, Messrs. W. P. Auld, W. Gooch, A. R. B. "Lucas, M. F. Cav&nagh;, and J. R. Anderson ; Treasurer, Mr. A. Lodge; AssistantSeoretary, Mr. A. E. Lawton; Secretary, Mr. W. Brindal; Auditors, Messrs. A. B. S. Craig .and C. G. Gurr. Impromptu speeohes on female labour concluded the business of the ■evening. Health of the Agent-General.—Private letters that have come to hand by the last mail state that the Agent-General (Sir Arthur Blyth) was seriously indisposed at the time of -writing. Sir Arthur is suffering ohiefly from gout. As we stated recently there is a general impression in Parliamentary circles that the Agent-General will presently retire 'from his position, and already a good deal of speculation is being indulged in relative to the probable succession to the office. For some time the name of the present Ohief Secretary (Sir J. C. Bray) was the only one mentioned in that connection: but now the possibility of the Speaker (Hon. J. Coles) receiving the appointment is being talked of in the Smoking room. Vital Statistics.—-The number of births and deaths registered in the General Register Office during the week ended Saturday, the 33th June, 1891, were:—Births, 94 males, 106 females; deaths, 68 males, 39 females. Total, 200 births, 97 deaths. Excess of births, 103. The District of Adelaide:—Births, 21 males, 27 females; deaths, 22 males, 13 females. Total, 48 births, 35 deaths. Exoess of births, 33. "GoldenSpecific," the cure for dipsomania. lOSv CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOUR UNION. —The in augural meeting of the S.A. Union of Y.P.S.C.E. Societies was held in the Flinders- street Baptist Church on Thursday evening. The following Societies met at 7 o'clock:— Stow Congregational, Flinders - street and Semaphore Baptists, Glenelg Congregational, and Fort Adelaide Wesleyan. Societies at Truro, Goodwood, Magill, College Park, Tynte-street, North Adelaide, Norwood, Glen Osmond, Moonta, Victor Harbour, Laura, and Terowie were enrolled. The election of officers resulted as follows:- President, Rev. S. Mead, M.A., LL.B.; Treasurer, Mr. A. S. Wilson; Secretary, Miss Stuckey; Vice-Presi dents, Mr. C. J. Holder, Mrs. Mackman, and Rev. A. E. Green. Messrs. J. H. Francis, A. W. Fletcher, B.Sc., and W. T. Butler were added to the Executive. The constitution was adopted as printed. The public meeting was opened by prayer by the Rev. W. F. Main. Letters were read from the Rev. J. Nicholson and the Secretary of the Victorian C.E. Union. The Rev. S. Mead, who presided, said though the movement was only ten years old there were now 15,000 Societies with 900,000 members. The C.E.S. was the best friend of the Sunday-school, but he was there to affirm that no Societies needed the Endeavour Organization more than the Churches. The Rev. A E. Green spoke on principles and methods—(1) A strict adherence to an obligatory pledge, substantially the "Boston Pledge;"(2) the exaltation of con science; (3) emphasizement of Christian ser vice ; (4) loyalty to the local Church; and (5) the development of Christian fellowship. The speaker said that pride, reserve, and caste existed in the Churches, and they aimed at breaking it down. (Applause.) Mr. C. J. Holder in speaking on the history of the Christian Endeavour Society remarked that it began in a simple way in the State of Maine, and now the known membership was nearly a million. Unions had been formed in Victoria, New South Wales, Queensland, and South Australia. The first Society formed in this colony was at the Flinders- street Baptist Church on April 28, 1888. There were now twenty-four Societies scattered through the colony, of which sixteen had already joined the Union. The speaker testified to the value of the Christian Endeavour Society in bridging over the gap between the Sunday-school and the Church. Miss Stuckey spoke of the field for Christian endeavour in the city. Australian Mutual Provident Societt. We learn that by the operation of the Society's by-lawBSir Henry Ayers, M.L.C. (President of the Legislative Council), has retired from the Adelaide Board, and that Sir J. C. Bray, M.P. (Chief Secretary), has in his place been elected to the position of its Chairman. The vaoanoy on the Board caused by Sir Henry's retirement has been filled by the appointment of Mr. R. Barr Smith, who has on a former occasion done service to the Society in South Australia as a Director. Cremation.—Now that the subject of crema tion is before the South Australian public the following paragraph taken from the report of the Cremation Sooiety of England for 1890, a copy of which Dr. Wylde has courteously efimm 11a mil nmua • '• Ttimnff shown us, will prove interesting "During the past year fifty-four bodies have been cre mated at St. Johns, including that of the late Baron Huddleston, which was burnt in the presence of a distinguished assembly of rela tives and friends, and those of the late Mr. James Nosmyth, whose munificent gift to the Society was acknowledged in last year's report, and th'e late Rev. J. Macnaught, of Liverpool." The Late Commercial Bank.—It is under stood that a meeting of the oontributorie3 to the late Commercial Bank will be shortly called to consider the situation of affairs. We are told that the creditors have been all paid in full and with interest, and nothing remains but to determine what shall be done asi o de faulting shareholders in reBpeot to oalls, as to realizing assets, and as to the pending action by the liquidators against the Directors. There is a difference of opinion as to whether the assets Should be sola privately or by auction, but in view of the expenses which are running on in connection with the liquidation it is de sired to bring it to a speedy end. It is stated, toar, that no progress can be made with the lawsuit until the exact losses of the Bank are ascertained. Colonial Enterprise and Industry.—For an example of what can be done by colonial enterprise and to what extent local industry goes1 in certain directions in Adelaide one has only to visit that portion of the extensive factory of J. Colton & Co. in Curriestroet devoted to trunk, bag-making, and other kindred work. The firm has just executed a large special order troin Broken Hill for a great variety of travelling gear such as hand bags and other leathorwork of different degrees. We have had an opportunity of seeing the articles turned out, and tbey reflect the greatest credit upon the local workmen. Some of the travelling-bags are made of imported leather, black cowhide, as well as chocolate-coloured, while in others the local leather has been made use of to good purpose. Particular care appears to nave been taken to make them strong and serviceable; the locks are uncommonly good, and the whole construction is skilful. There arc "Excelsior" bags lined and fitted, "Brighton" and "Gladstone" bags of ap proved pattern, and even forensic brief bags bags of the orthodox shape and sable hue. The trunks for the rough usage to which one's baggage is subjected to on board ship and train sbow many marked improvements, and the ingenuity of the craftsmen has evolved a peculiarly useful leather receptacle for soiled linen on sea voyages or other expeditions where the washerwoman is a ram avis. We were shown something whioh we took to be an exaggerated type of football, but it was ex plained that this was an ingenious contrivance by which any aspirants for pugilistio honours could get themselves up in condition without personal harm, it being suspended by india rubber springs and used as a buffer for the fist and warranted not to retaliate. A spacious contrivance with many mysterious compart ments was introduced as a ladies' dress trunk, and a host of other phantasies in leather were displayed in such quantity and of suoh quality that we were much impressed with the re sources of the es tablishment. Robberies m a Northern Suburb, — It is reported that on Saturday evening last two men entered the store belonging to a man named Angwin in Little Ade laide, and a quantity of goods was taken away by the nocturnal thieves. Later in the evening Angwiu was returning to his home, and when between the Galodonian Hotel, North Adelaide, and Robe-terrace, Medindie, he was accosted by a man whose criminal intentions were soon apparent. Angwin knocked the robber down, but no sooner had he done this than a flank attack was made by a man who had been in hiding at the other side of the fence. With this force to oppose him Angwin was powerless, and when he got free again be found that £10 had keen taken from him. The robbers made* off as quickly as tbey could with their booty, and nothing has been heard of them since. There are reports : of attempted burglaries about Prospect, and it would be just as well for people to look more carefully after their houses than some people seem disposed to do. 