THE address delivered by the Premier at St. Leonards on Monday evening was little more than a repetition of whet has been said a dozen times before. No doubt the situation is critical and therefore not calculated to make a party leader very communicative or confidential. True, the Governmen' had a majority of over a score on the want of confidence motion, but the nmajority is not of a nature to satisfy the re.quirements of an autocratic politician. It is a purely conditional one. Hitherto when the customary vote has been taken at the beginning of a session the majority, whether large or small, has been a distinctively party one, a majority to be relied upon to toe the line at all times when called upon, and asking nothing in the way of conditions in return for faithful allegiance. That is all altered now. The entire majority is con ditional, and the Premier, unless he has undergone a more radical change of heart than Saul underwent on the way to Damascus, will be exceedingly restive at being obliged to hold his position on terms. However, there it is; and the Government and those members who have been in the habit of yielding uncom plaining obedience must make the best of it. Under these changed circumstances it was hardly likely that the Premier's address would be one of those resplendent orations which hIave more affinity with the moon than with matters mundane. Although the speaker professed to deal minutely with the question of electoral reform a good many points were left in unsatisfactory doubt. The property quali fication is to be abolished and single elec torates established. These are desirable and even necessary reforms if our demo cratic system it to be purged of undemo cratic elements; but neither the in stitution of one man one vote nor the rearrangement of the colony on the principle of one electorate one member will give us that equality of political power which the Premier now sees is the only logical outcome of democracy. Un less the different single-member electorates are equal, or approximately so, with re gard to the number of voters, the old inequality of representation will continue in a more insidious form. On this point the Premier had never a word to say, and yet it is relatively of far greater import ance than the abolition of a few thousand property votes. The conservative mem bers on both sides will bitterly oppose the equalisation of voting power. The eminently respectable freetraders will look askance upon any proposal which must vest the political power of the country in the hands of the real majority of the people; and the eminently respectable protectionists will fight to the death any attempt to increase the domination of the artizan class in the cities. The strength of protection lies in the thinly-populated areas, where men are ill-instructed in political knowledge and where acres carry weight. If the property vote is to be abolished they will insist upon seats being so distributed as to give five hundred men out in gullies and back territories an equal power in Parliament with five thousand active, intelligent, organised urban elec tors. Thus property will retain its power in an altered form. The Premier's silence on this point is not satisfactory, and unless the Government are prepared to carry out thle Premier's expression faithfully and "thoroughly reform the electoral system while they are about it" it is not only possible but very probable that their majority of 23 will vanish like a ghost at cock-crow. When East Macquarie with some 2zooo voters can return two members, while Goulburn with a2500 has to be content with one, the question of equal electoral power is not going to be solved by the very minor reform of abolishing a hundred or so property votes in each electorate. This is so self apparent that the reticence of the head of the Government is far from reassuring. A little more explicitness and a little less egotism would have been preferable. The reconstruction of the Ministry and the cautiously-worded leading articles in the Sydney Morning Herald, with the seeming acquiescence of the Star, re garding the advisableness of forming a coalition Government together form a combination of things which cannot be altogether pooh-poohed as accidental and fortuitous. There are a good many things happening every day far more improbable than that the final result of the shuftling ot portfolios should be a coalition. It is not likely that Mr. Dibbs would be in it, for nothing but avowed distrust of the cross benches could bring the Premier and his old opponent into the self-same Ministry; and such an avowal would have a very unpleasant effect upon the general public, and especially upon the great work ing population. But, omitting Mr. Dibbs, there could still be an alliance between orthodox members of both parties against those heterodox fellows who confess their indifference to any party except that which is based upon known and plainly defined principles. If the upshot of these negotiations over vacant portfolios and these transferences of Ministers terminate in Mr. Barton becoming a colleague of Sir Henry Parkes we may conclude that the " coalition articles" in the Herald and the suggestions in the Star have been more or less inspired. We may further more conclude that there is little intention of doing anything more than is absolutely necessary in the way of meeting the wishes of the 70,000 voters wbo sent in the labour party. 