^uaday at Hoeh© musings by the Way. r ;: By ' Philanthroeos.' '?.!:?..;.: '? No. 45.; - ? A-.':M Strange as it may seem to us now) that the actors in the great events of our Lord's life^ on the earth should have been -go entirely unconscious how literally^ they were fulfilling the propheeUti that\had long before been uttered, jot we must rememoer that there wnsnu mt-re accom modation to circuuistHi c. s 1.11 their parfc. They acted naturully oven tlioug'h many times unlovingly and . brutally following their own evil und selfish par ions, and quite ignoring what had s^no 'before. What I mean is that these people did not look back and fi'xaniinn minnfoTw j t.Yta details of the Divine prophesies, aud 'then adapt their actions so as to accord wifih them. No, — clear as these prophecies now seem to us— so clear that we' seem to marvel at the- 'obtusenoss — not to!' say blindness of those' who .-lived in those times, it is: nevertheless true .that' God's councils are far too mysterious and' obsoure, to'be known beforehand. Wheh-. I use the'*word ?'obscure.' P do ,bo; not in! the'senso'of being oonfused. ior- difficult of explabati'on, but rather in'the sense thfit in order to'oall .'fofthmi.'dispI{Qr£ofi'aifqu1i-riDgi;otfiith'-r.th8Be prophecies were veiled under much imagery and were illustrated by types and ' allegories. In precisely the same way we may fairly conclude that at the present time many of tho prophetical announce ments in regard to the Christian Church are being worked but — that we are all un consciously playing the siiuio [art us did those of olden time — we are ourselves ful filling the declared Will of God, though all the time we may, be ignorant of the part we are taking. I do not mean to s»iy that in our timea thero aro x'l-ophecies being worked out, of the sime class as those uttered long piior to tlio advent of our Lord; that would be unreasonable to ex pect nor would it be neuessnry. Christ at His coining declared Lhe AVill of God so plainly and bo fully thac nothing more was needed— everything thut was essential to man's salvation was made quite elear — still that man should be on tho ono hand prepared for difficulties that would uriso in the »ay of practise anil doctrine, and on the o.her that he (should be encouraged by thebriyi, t promises und projects of the future, ceicuiu prophecies were pronounced which have yet to be fulfilled, or which rriav p.vp.n now hn in nmnosR nf fulfilment There iB this great difference, however, between our circumstances and those of the Jews — we possess a power they had not. We have the presence of the Holy Ghost within GhiRSSv^ church : ' When He, th5 Spirit of Trutk is come, He will guide you unto alVTrutih,' The true significance b£ ihe prophecies,1 therefore, depended upon ?the gift of the Holy Spirit, and we can understand how it was that— as we read ' in the Holy Scriptures — 'they understood none of these things.' J|do not say that even blest as wefare with the indwelling presence oJ1 this Holy Com forter and guide, we may expect to unravel and explain all the mysterous announce ments which have been given to us, but I do maintain that we can— enligh toned by that Holy Spirit,see the full significance of what has passed and in a measure apply that knowledge to our own times and surroundings. We can understand, for instance, what St. John meant, when more than sixty years after these events had taken place, he looks back and admits that ' these thingB understood not Hib disciples at the first.' What things r' Well, first of all there were all the events of our Lord's birth and childhood — His early Ministry and then, following close one upon the other, all the teriible events of the last days. All these had been foretold — all had long before been plainly pro pesied, even to the minutest details. Yet they understood not. Can wo wonder at their blindness— not gifted ns we are — many of them ignorant siuiplo-iniuded men — can we wonder that they fuilecl to grasp the full meaning of the mysterious course of events through which they were hurry ing ? We know lioru our own experience how much easier it is to form a correct estimate of events when an interval of time, how ever short, has elapsed. Take as an instance of what I mean, the triumphant entry of Christ into Jerusalem which we commemorate on Palm Sunday. The diseiples confounded the temporary triumph with a worldly kingdom, a break ing free from the R}inan yoke. Cut Christ's entry into Jerusalem involved far more than any acknowledgement, however tardy and transitory, of His -Kingship ; it involved His final offers of mercy. Every thing was done that could 'be done — all the accumulated powers of the perfect Man God were employed to move tho hearts of His people, but in vain. ' M.racles failed to convince — exhortations and warnings were uttered in voiri— once' more,- and for the 'last time, an opportunity was given to the: Jews to 1 accept their' Messiah ; they refused,1 andthe door of mc-rc'y was 'closed when they reiected Christ.' ? ' ???'. iDo we realise that 'our position1 is r not unlike that of the Jews ; we may rejebt Christ equally as they - did (only; our position is worse'-considering oiir greater light and knowledge) and rejecting 'Him, the' door! may; be 1 ??''Closed :' to'^'uff. Christ came 'to 'Jerusalem' and-.tb His Temple to 'cast;! out them -that sold and -bought,' so does He come to u*. He- comes to'us as a church,, as aparish, as individuals, desiring to cast out of our hearts all tha evil that, is there1, stored up, the love of ''gain, the' selfishness, the 'world linessj -i the- : impurity and indifference therein. wBut all that Christ did in'this '.-???'.' ?).?-.:' ' -r- 'i.-'.--:,-vi :.-?? 'h,--~\ i-\ '.I .!-il;- '.iiifJT ;o !-?-.,':){?? y -yry:r ^t:l;l; ^*— — ' ..... .: ; and other .ways was preparatory, only to the groat- 'climax 6t'- His sufferings [and death; In that death upon the cross Ho offered that full, perfect and sufficientsoccifice for our sins, of which all the previous sacri fices had been but types and anticipations, ' . all subsequent ones but memorials. As iSiyAnselm puts it — ' God did; not compel . ,'Christ, in whom was no sin, to die; but ?. cChrist of His own will bore death, not from ?t any obligation to. give up s His life, but on iaccount of the obligation He was undorto u fulfil all righteousness, in: which lie-so . ifirmly persevered that He incurred death ,-ithereby.' In and through this sicrifice ?^ there alone is salvation for us; -v But, what ? ?^if we disregard it ? 'What if we go on.our . h way, following our own whims and fancies, .'formulating our own religious belief even,, . i and :yet refusing .to listen: to His ? teaching, ; j. or obey His commands? ?? '?: .:??-! ;:'i.i-r ;i-;lltisin order that. we : may realiseithis , i fact; more completely — that - wo may. f- be j ' v, warned on the one hand and enco'uragedon. . 0 the .other, that we are solemnly invited to-, * vpause for a while, and mediate on i the last ,?.scenesHflf our lord's life, and to ) stand ( flbeneath'the Cross. How many will do: so ? :- -How, for instance, -will Good Friday be fvtept by many P.: Alas that -therejshould ' icbe.so few. to worship, bo many; tou stand .iBloof! .The saddest day, in all the year is 1 unade a day of pleasuring1, . of; public arid privataenjoyment.Puttingallsentimentout I h'J'-i '????' ? ' ? ' ? ' ?' - :- ' '- ? :;'';' ; ; v.o£:the question, there canjbe no excuse for | jsuoh things. If done in ignorance it shows | -?tie' need of increased attention 5 if done r;lmowin£»ly it displays an utter contempt \- for the holiest feelings — in other words, it implies that we think far less of Christ iandiofeBSa cruel death than wo. do. of . bur own ; pleasure, or even of the ordinary ?.customs, of .our social life. ?,:,-? o; The - question I ask you to-day : is this : ?.Can. we honestly say that Christ is so much !in ? out thoughts that we have '-?no need to set apart any time ? to -jthlnk of Him ; or that we find the world is rlittle to us, so little enticing, or the devil's -.craft.so free from danger to us that we;do' ?.not need the help which special times of jjrayer and meditation may afford us ;\ : ' : lS.;Th4s may be so, but go back to^what I cheve' before quoted : — ' these things under jstood.not disciples. ' We can only pray .that some who may not yet have learnt to .understand,, .may learn their own:., deep jneed. that they may . realise the.ev.il of sini t«jtjhe;.-price paidifor. redemption.'? May; we be -jiOiled into all- truth . that all .things' which' c.ConceKn.'.our peace may. berbroughtftoidnr a*eioe;m;brance, ;:theri when cweiareiglorified with Him shall we remember ' that these things were written of Him.' t Would thattlieW words of mine, how ever feeble], and jpoorly expressed, might with '^od'^'tiies'si'ng, 'so jsinlc into : your hearts' that yoii' would not; merely striye.to payf more attention to ,ttie''dutwardvob'ser- -. vancei of religion, ' but . v?ould .also en-i deayour; to, realise 'in'/your.'sonV all that Christ did' for .you on'.the' cross and is' now j pleading fbr ^ou at Qod!sriglit- hand. ; i ? 