OltAlTKK VII. NKD JOYCE IN A NEW CHAKAtTEU. A DAY OF The next day was destined to be oik; of the most startling and varied ettoLs. In tbe first place the Jlorrons seized upon the jhxjf squatter iu an aggravated ar d inial terrible form, and the doctor was at once fceut for to Cooloomurratowuslup, and ou arrival, declared that Mr. Macdonal-f had not three days to live, for that opiates would have no power over him, -ind lie would die from the ? ?vlmiisl ion «?«?-? is inni-jl liv Jnt liinir iiitli tiio. imagitiery fiends, and other shapes of terror that beset bim. Two lusty btockmen contiolled him as well as they could, and they liad to be constantly relieved by others, it required such strength to hold him down, whilst his shrieks of terror could be heard even far away from the house. As for 'George Barrington, he wouldn't suffer him to be near him, and thns it waB that the vSLiauioas young rascal whilst wandering dis tracted abont the house, came to overhear what seemed to place position and fortune once more within his grasp. But we inust go back a little, in order to render matters more easily uuderstooa. Just when Mr. Macdonald was at his worst, three mounted troopere arrived at Cootnda Station, in charge of a busliranger, whom they had recently captured, and who had for long been a terror to those parts. They were on their way to Bathurst with him, in order to safely lodge htm iu the gaol of that city, but the ronte was a long one, the bueh town ships were few and far between, and they and their horses being both hnngry and weary they bad called at the Cocinda home station Id passing for that rest and refreshment which are never refused at sucb places under such circumstances. They were received by Ned Joyce, who, as overseer, had had his office there ever since his master, owing to his vicious indulgencics, had been less able to get abont than formerly, and in the crotchetty figettiness occasioned thereby, had also required, or thought that he required, to see and consult with him tnncu more freqnently ; for tbocch Xed bad always pretended that he could nt write, he was a capital manager, and a remarkably shrewd man of business, even as many English merchants were in the olden tiroes, who conldu't so much as sign their names. Why Ned affected to be unable to write tbe reader will be able to guess in the course of a very few minutes. Ned seemed to be very much perturbed by the appearance of one of the visitors, who wore on tbe sleeve of his short blue tunic the three chevrons of a sergeant, and who in torn Lad recognised him as an old acquaintance at first sight. Tolling his two subordinates to take the bushranger outside, to guard him securely, escape, he, directly they had obeyed him, less the shooting, turned to the overseer with a cheery, ** Well, my hearty, it don't seem to gang at Cockatoo Island — yon as a. lifer, for perhaps the cleverest and most daring forgery ever perpetrated, Br-!eorge! Your escape was just as clever in it* way, and made a great stir amongst us. J shouldn't wonder if even now the authoriti^ would give a hundred guineas to know where yon are at. the prcscut 'Oh, Adam, have mercy on me ajjj don't peach. I erred undi-r great temptation— heaven alone knows how great : aud even biuce uiy escape, six years ngo, 1 have trie* I to atone for the faclt by leading au honest and a useful life. Ton arc in a respectable position again, aud I congratulate you, so for pitj^s sake tlo not envv mine, orirvtodc ?leprive me of it,' rejoined Ned Joyce, with thick upon his brow. 'Ws,' answered tlw sergeant, 'I got a free pardon for informing the authorities of a Miunlerous outbreak thut my fellow ytrllow hirds Mtitlitaled, and then they Cave mo a seta thief toe itch a thief, you know. My ingenuity in that u*efnl art lias advanced me to the stripes, as you fee, and I'm just thinking of what an extra feather iu itiycap it would be were I to take you offuith me in company with, lltat Uushraiiguig fellr™.'.'' *'Ob, nuTcy, mercy:' gaspuil Xwl again, falluig on bis knees. ' Are yon uia.ii or devil 1 Do you foget how I nursed \\\ u in the prison hospital, when you were down with paol fev«r, ' WuU, yes, I do remember ti.at^ said 'the tiirves some gratitude, I'm ready tn besttnr it for, uudir the *--i mi instances, a small pricu. Co Hie, prick up your cars, and listen to uiv -wt at your employer's chvqur l-ook, I make no doubt, and I'm still surer that you could till up one for three butMred puutids, and that he vouldn^ know from his own ? and. also that iu three days' time lie wont be in a condition to know it from his own, for they tell me that by then he will be dead. Come, tbat cheque is the price of yonr freedom, and :T1 be a safe enough job under the dream - stances,' It is painful enough to contemplate the writhings of a worm upon a fiph-book, so we will not dwell upon the sufferings of a poor human creature just as cruelly and effectually impaled. Vain were his pleadings, his prayers, his snpplications. The sergeant was as inexorable as Sbylock for his pound of flesh ; aim Mr. Macdonald, having no sus picion of a man who he believed coaldn't write, had been accustomed to keep his cheque book in an unlocked drawer in that very room, which he hod also frequently used to transact his own special business in. So, in the end, Xed Joyce purchased his freedom with the self respect and honour which lie had licen slowly winning back during the preceding half-dozen years, and au bour Inter, after eating ami drinking of the very It-si that Cooiuda afforded. Sergeant Adims rode away with his bushranger prisoner and his two trooj»crs, and with the three Lui.drcd pounds cheque in his pocket, he d lodg'd his a|nau in Ratlmrst Jail he'd gpi leave of alisenee, take Cobb's coach to .Sydney, and cash it at the Hank of Australia l,c fore the news should reach so far that the wealthy owner of Cooinda was dead or even dying. The police badn t taken their departnrc very long when (ieorge Barrington entered the room in which Xcd Joyce fctfll sat, staring-eyed aud oponmoutiicd as though a ghost confronted bim from an opposite corner, and doting the door, said to him *? Ned, you've put yourself to some trouble to oblige ». friend, and now you nmst pnt yourself to a little more to oblige me. Before yon refuse, allow me to inform yon that yon key-hole has served both my eye aud my ear, and made me acquainted with everytbing ; the lesson to be learnt from which sb that you are now every bit as much in my power as in this sergeant's^' and so saying he fat down and indulged in a pleaant-^onndisg little laugh. Ned Joyce didn't plead for mercy from George Barrington— perhaps be knew that it would not be any good ; or, again perchance be had lost as much self-respect as hn'had to lose. Be that as it may, he simply rejoined ' ' The game seems to be yours, Master George, so if yon think that I'm the winninc1 card in your hand play me flfl von w9Ln 'Spoken like a good sensible fellow,' laughed the young reprobate, *' VU. tell you pat and plain how the matter stands. My generous benefactor made a wOl just after his son went away, giving me everything, and I hope you don't Trif^i' to deny that a '^n has a right to do what he likes with bis own I*1 ' Certainly not. It would be very unfair if he mnlrln'f ' 'Theul hope you dou't mean to assert that a man is accountable for hie actions when he's mad I'1 ** I don't assert or deny .anything, I only want to know what you expect me to do?' 'Just to rc-write out the will which my generous benefactor made in my favour when he knew irliat he was about, and destroyed when he didn't, and Tvhlch bequeathed to me everything that he possessed. I have the testimony of others thai you can imitate his signature so well that even he himself wouldn't know it from his own, and the witnesses were Joe Day and Bob AndrewB, whose signatures you will be enre to find at the foot of the filed receipts for their last quarter's wages.' -*' Was tbe will read out to them before they witnessed it, do you knw?n ' Not a word of it. Tiras folded down, and they only saw the attestation danses opposite to which they had to write tfc-ir ** And this was some nin** months ago, just aft=r Master Dan went away !** *v Within a. week of his departure, and the \nll gave me everytuing, cntting Jum on with a BbiUing. It didn't fill half a page of fools cap, and was so simple thut anyone could *' Anyone ivith some experience that way I suppose you mean.' 41 I^o, I mean anyone without such cx pt-rieuce. There is a book called Kn-ry Man* Oirn Lain/er on vonder shelf. He took his form out of tliat.' Look tut the title IVilb. that special form, so that yon need not he a a-doccu lint's to rhe original, something after (Lib manner, * aud I give ami betjuuath to my overseer, Ed'wa.rd Joyce, as token tliat I appreciate bis six years of most faithful service, the sum of three hundred pounds to be paid out of my personal estate.1 There, old fellow, that'll convince you thai I ain't one of the mean sort, added to u-hicli, b. mmith after my benefactor's decease, I shall raise your salarv to ilie extent of twenty pounds a year.' **'i.ou are generous, aud I owe you my be^t thanks, ' aiid Xed Joyce, with an expression in Ms face that looked like gratified greed \i it looked like anything, aud so (jcorge Harrington read it, construing it to itu-an that the overseer was bound ticiitly to his iute tents. 'You may rely ou me,' Xed now said, 'for von have bought, me when vou wight have ^old toe. Have no fear bnt that wbeu the lawyer comes from Cooloomurra to read the will, for I presume that vou will go iu for the nsnal foimula, one ehullbe ready for him tliat he will be able to find no 1W in, so allow me to congratulate the presently new proprietor of Cooinda. upon his magnificent possessions,' and rising to his f«t, Ned Joyce made the scheming young *c*Hindrel && humble an obeisance as ev?u Uriah Heep oould have managed to get oat of bis most, pliable shoulders aud backbone Directly he had quitted the office, however, the overseer^ expression aud manner under went a great change, and almost rushing to one of the many drawers that the room con tained he tore it violently open, and took thereoat one of the many reams of foolscap paper that had only arrived the previous day from Sydney. Opening the packet with trembling fingers, he vras presently holding up a sheet of paper to the light, and no sooner had he done so than he mattered to himself ' I will foil him yet. I will make them believe me whether they like it or not. Thank Leaven I need not thing aa I felt myself to be half-an-hocr ago, when I purchased my freedom with yet another crime. Let me bat acomplish this one thine to my satisfaction, and they may send be back to Cockatoo Island as Boon as they like— aye, aa soon as they like— though it m a perfect hell on earth,' and the overseer fiook back half -fainting into a choir. 