WHAT IS IT? THE INFLUENCE THAT SOMETIMES. GUIDES US AGAINST OUR WILL. "No, I do act believe in ghosts." said an old lady of grant experience, " but I do believe in the minsatration of spirits.'' Toin is not the age nor. the country in which the supernational floomhee. latereet eeatree about the pcaotioal. Uannted bonaea are rested withoat great diffi onltyU tbelanrHord is willing to knock off a portion of tb« net. There are many, however, who will admit the exTtkw at times ot some ptcidiacMifiaf)BC««wajiaeoQtac?Jo?t. Wean led to da thing* we ehoald not do of oar own ToUtwa-the wisdom of whioh we do ar*a?rjreeiateTiatilalterwarfe; then we wonder how we caaie to do theea. We are foroad to laara that worldly wi«doaa is not always that wbiebguides into the wttesteoones. lathii praotiiial age remits are what people are looking after. Tney believe in what they see; the "evidence of things not wen" v to be weighed in the future. When a man U aiok be wants to Ret well; be cares little what medical method is employed if it caret. Bat l* it does r.-.i L ure he boob begins to donbt the skill ot the physician and enquire into his methods of meduation. A happy thing it v ecmettenes if some taflaenee indaeea inTertigatun, befote it m too bta. Mt. B. W. Elmoodson, of Met bowae, writat, flat October, 1890 s—? Dmiag the paat 16 yean I have been ailing periodi cally from a serious affection of the kid- Beys, and in later yean ray oompUiot be oa?e more acute, to that I was frequently seized with subbing paina in the back. I had often prolonged headaches, the result of liver disorder. For yean I thus aaffered, and I thought this disorder of the kidney* and live* would bt'urg about a more aerioui disease. Finally I tried the tffeobi of Warner's safe care, and not until then did I ex perittiae any amelioration in my condition. The us ot this tfcedicine <p«edily wrought a great chaopr, and four bottle* effected a eoaopJete core.1 * Note what Mr. Henry Warwick, of Lonsdale • street, Melbourne, fays:— •■ 80th October, 1890-For eomeyears I have been ttfferutg from freqaeat attasks of gravel, often with unbearable pains in the back and tight ride, and mv digestive organs were also oat of order. In addition I was affiictcd with eongtctian ot the live* aad penodieal headaches of a severe nature. My snfferipg waa quickly removed when resorting to Warner's cafe core, of which I took four bottlee, wfcea the acute paint in the right aide, caused by the congestion of the liver, ceased, while my kidneys were restored to healthy action." afeiit 