Sketcher. ! . ! Breams and Omens Have you a pet superstition ! Do you refuse to sit down at the table with thirteen ? Do you dislike tq.see the new moon over' your left shoulder Does the howl of a dog under your window at mionight affect you dis- agreeaoiyr uo you incline to cross tne street between tlie carriages of a passing luueral ? If you subscribe to a belief in any one of the signs or omens included in the list you are endowed with the occult science of superstition. I f yon believe in them all you are a jsyhiofst or j henomenon of signs, warnings, dreams, visions and presentiments. And you will be interested in the experience of othe s. In a world where the simplest and most natural fact app rent to the actual senses is a miracle — as, for instance, the mystery of the egg and the chicken, we: may at any moment develop e a new puw«.r; an unknown force of wl o je existence we have areaaied, or had remote waking hints, but which bursts upon us at its moment of realiz ation, as a bewilderment of beauty or utility,; It has been trnely and forcibly said that life is : a wonderful chrysalis from which at any mo- 7 m nt may issue the unexpected on ideal Wiogs. . ' . i It is to the acute senses that tne sjghts and sounds of the supernatural world are revealed! Ask the average man if he has ever seen a ghost and he will uo hesitatingly auswtr 'Ho,' But word your queici ja iau, differeut! way. Inquire as to nio taoiiliaricy with- the; the suptrua.ucal, and tie will relate a dozen instances of unaccountable sights and sounds, i remarkable cr. ams which have made i»:; life f loug impression on him, and warnings which! it he had been superstitious he would -have heeded ; hut he isn't, and only, .believes what he tees. The fact is, .the gr; sser:. material nature « f the man hardens .itself that: it .will! not near the voices that are trying, to. -.reach; him. Not the voices of spirits— tnat is ;norj yet proven, but the voices of '.occult ! powers® oJainoiing for .release for . their appointed! work. We' hive not yet learned the ulpha- lec of the voices of the air. When we navei accomplished that we. may acquire some hint ot the language. Meanwhile the erratic! knowledge of a new, world is dropped here and there iu dreams, visions or, the strange: yearning which comes over us like a sudden; intense thirst for. someiniug that is just bo- ; yond, 'The light tha t ne ver was on sea or land.' It comes to tie writer. of this/paper fcs: A sigh — not a sigh of pain or passion or regiet,; but a sigh that the giaiiiied soul might give! on its first view of Heaven. It is like a strain I of sweet unearthly music as it fingers for a' moment and then diis away in a Harmony of rest. "What does it mean P. . Who sighed ; Ah, that is the mystery. ?; A Jady of this city, well kuown and whose! word is reliable, is guided in, all the perplex-; ing events of life by dreams. A few years ago her mother died and within the year her father married again. She was much troubled at this want of respect to her' mothei's memory, and on the eve of the Sun day when her father was to appear at .church with his new bride she had a remarkable dream. 'I dreamed,' she said, 'that I - wei/t to: cbuich and saw my father there with his new wife. I also in' my dream , saw my mother and her presence did not seem in any way unaccountable, but it distressed me very much because I seemed to know that she was ! not aware of my father's hasty marriage. In my dream I waited -impatiently for the' sermon to end, then I hurried out and waited ; in the vestibule for my mother. As she came out I stopped her and drew her hurriedly away, while I communicated the news that a ; new wife occupied her place. She smiled a sweet seraphic smile and said slowly : ' I know it. "We know everything:wbere I am, and nothing has power to distress us.' 7 . 7 " : 4 The relief her words caused me in my dream produced a reaction, which awakened me, and no scene in real life was ever mo le vivid than the one I have related. ' A lady who was a guest at a Washington hotel was awakened one night by the doleful howling of a dog. Not being iu good health it made her very nervous and she rang for the night clerk and requested him to have the animal driven away. But the dog returned and howled woise than ever. The lady again sent for the clerk and inquired if anv one iu the house was ill, and was assured that there was no case of sickness there. The dog re turned when driven off, and howled at in tervals all night. The guests of the hotel talked the matter over and decided that the howling meant nothing, as there was no one more than another in prospect of immediate death. But at noon of that day a tardy chambermaid unlocked the door of the room above that occupied by the lady in question end discovered that the young man who occupied it was dead from hemorrhage of the lungs. Apparently the dumb animal had discovered Dy some mysterious instinct that he was in the vicinity of death. _ We pooh-pooh these things as supersti tions and; say they are mere coincidences aud mean nothing. Yet our reason is often <i less reliable guide than the instinct of the dumb aiiimal, or the homing pigeon, that needs no chart to gnide it in the channels of the upper air. The sleeping fellows of the dead man knew not Lof his lonely passing. How was it revealed to a vagabond dog 1 A highly organized nature, sitting alone at midnight leading Eome entrancing novel or flying abroad on the wings of travel, is suddenly brought to a realiziug sense of not bemg alone. No one is visible, nor do the lights born bine, but something has passed tnroogh the room and a cold air is percept ible — not the chill of the grev dawn, but rather the shadow of some bodiless presence. And simultaneously the chill creeps over the bead of ihe startled or surprised occupant of the room and lifts each galvanized hair in a nay we all know of, and we flppantly sav is occasioned by someone walking over our graves. What is it ? The spectre of the dark with which we cruelly. frighten children? Or is it a confusion of. tie spheres ! whereby a spirit has been -jostled.from its orbit and so crossed to its own and its own received it not i When Old Lady May. came hack to earth to amend the wrong she had done in dy ng, the girl she loved as a dear child did not know her, but walked directly through the transparent form. . Only the dog lying on the rug and the child in its cradle saw and knew her, and were not afraid. (So. A well known citizen of Detroit, who for- ufcerlv lived in an interior town in this state, came down one morning to breakfast with a wearied air and disturbed countenance. His mother inquired the- reason and he told her that he had been having a bad dream. ' I dreamed,' he said ' that our neighbour Mrs. J ones, was killed in a horrible manner on the railroad track. I wish you would send over and see if anything has happened ; to her. It -was a frightful dream.' Mark the sequence. A year from that time the neighbour about whom he dreamed was killed by the cars fri exactly the manner he had seen described in his dream. How then did it happen to be foreshadowed to bim alone in such a way ? Perhaps if he had related it to her, it might have broken the spell of doom. Chauncey M. Depew, great man that he is in all respects, says that nothing could in duce him to sit down at a feast with a com plement of thirteen guests. A company of thirteen eat at a table in this city some years ago. One of the company look down the names of those present in a note-book. A year passed and the same company had as sembled to the number of twelve. ' We are all here,' said one, excepting s C , who has onr names in his note-book: i He will make the thirteenth.' - i: There was a brief silence: Theii one of s. tie company said briefly: P ' C is dead.' — Seuniifie American. 