AN. IRISH STORY. ? Bro.it. ... Beautifully situated in a pleasant valley of the White Knight's country, &t; the foot of. the Gaiter Mountains, was the cabin 'of Larry Dodd and his wife. They ranted a cabin and a few acres ot land,- which they cultivated with great care. They vrere in dependent, and respeotedby their neighbors ; thoy loved each other in a matrimonial sort of way, and few had more appearance of comfort about them. Larry was a hard working, and occasion ally hard drinking, Dutch-built little men, with a fiddle head and a round body, a steady-going, straight-forward fellow, only when he carried too much whisky ; then, it must be confessed, be could not walk the chalked line with perfect accuracy. He had a moist, ruddy countenance, rather inclined to an expression of gravity. Take it alto gether, he was generally looked upon oh a prpper person, notwithstanding the fact that 10 had every day in the year, a fort ot un holy dew upon bis face, even in tho coldest weather, which gave' rise to a supposition that Larry was apt to indulge in strong po tations. However, all men of talents have, their faults— indeed, who is without them 7— and Larry, setting aside his weakness, was a most distinguished man. He was a man of mixed habits, in bis mode of life, bis drink and . his ooitume. His dress accorded with his character— a aort of half-and-half between farmer and horse jookey. He wore a blue ooat of coarse doth, with short skirls and a standing collar ; his waitooat was red, and his lower habiliments were made of leather, which, in course oi time, had shrunk bo mnch that they fitted like a second Bkin.and long use had absorbed their moisture to such ? degrco that they made a crackling noiso as he moved along. A bat covered with oil-; skin, a whip, all worn and jagged at tbe end,' a pair of second-hand,. or, to epeak more cor reotly, second-footed, greasy top- boots, tliAt seamed never to have seen a blacking-brush, and ono spur ?with a rowel, coniplecod the everyday drees of Larry Dodd. Thus equipped was Larry returning from Gashel, mounted on a rough-coated and ono eyed nag, though, notwithstanding tbeso and a few other trifling blemishes, a well-bnilt animal ; having juat purohaaed the said nsg, with a fancy that he could make his own nionoy again, and maybe turn an odd penny moro by. it at the coming Kildorry fair. Larry, well ploaicd with himself, trotted along the road in the lingering twilight of a lovely June evening, tbinkiug ot nothing at all, only whistling and wondering would horees always be so low, - ' If they goat thin rate,' said be to him self, ' for halt nothing, and that paid in buUcr-buyera' notes, who would ba tbe fool to walk?' '?''. Ttiis very thought indeed was passing through his mind, when his attention was aroused by a woman pacing quiokly by tbo side' of his horse, and- hurrying on as if endeavoring to reach her destination before night closed in. Her figure, aonsidering the long strides she took, appeared to be under the common eizs — rather of tbe dumpy order ; but whether tho.damsel was young, old, fair or brown, pretty or ugly, Larry could form no notion, owing to the fact of her wearing a large cloak, the hood of which was turned up and completely concealed every feature. i ' } Enveloped in this mass of dark and con cealing drapery, without muoh exertion the strange woman eontrived to keep up with Larry Dodd'a ateed for.somo time, when his master very civilly offered her a lift bebind him as far as bo was going her. way. 'Civility begetB civility,' they say; howevor, he re ceived no answer, and thinking that the lndy'u ailonoe proceeded only from bashful nosa, like a mau of truo gallantry, not a word more said Lirry, until he pulled up by the side of a gap, and then enid ho : ' My little girl just jump up behind mo without a word more, though never a one have you spoke, and I'll tnko you mte aud sound through the loncsotno bi: of rund that is boforo us,' She jumped at the offer, sure enough, and up willi her on the back uf tbu horse, ad light us n feather. In an instant she was seated behind Lit ry, with her hand aud arm buckled around hia ftaiat, holding on. 'I hops you're comfortable thtrs, my dear?' *-tid T,ury, in his good-humored way. lint there was no answer, and on they wont — trot, trot, trot, along the road— and all vraa sootill that you mi^ht have heard tho Bound of tha hoofs a mile off ; there was nothing else to hear rxoep: the moaning ' ot a distant stream that kept up a continued crooning, like a nurse buehing a babe. Larry, who hr.il a kesn car. did not, how ever, nquireso profound a tiieuce to detect the disk ot cno of the abacs. ' 'Tid ouly Ioobq the shoo is,' said he to his companion, as they were just catering on tho lonely bit uf road. Some old treea, with branches festooned with ivy, crow over a dark nool. of water. which had been formed as a drinking place tor cattle. Here the horse made a dead halt, nnd Liny, not knowing whut vicious tricks hia now purchase might hare, and unwilling that, through -any odd chance, -the young woman should get ' kpilt ' in tho water, dis mounted, thinking t'c lead the animal past tho pool. , ' By the piper's luck, that always found what he \r»ntsd,' euid Lnry, recollect ing hiuiseli,' I've a noil iu my pocket; 'tis not tho first time l'vo put on a shoe, and maybe it won't bathe last, for here is no want of paving stones to make hammers 'in plenty.' No sooner was Larry off than off with a swing came the woman, just at his side. Her feet 'touched tbe ground without making the least noise, and away she bounded, like an ill-mannered creature as she was, without Eayinc ' By your leave.' or no matter what else. She seemed to glide rather than run, not along tbs road, but across ..a field, np toward the old ivy-covered walls of Kilnaslattery Church — and a pretty church it wae. . 11 Nat eo fr.er, if Jyou please, young woman, not ao fast,' cried Larry, calling sltir ber.\ '..'.'.? But away abe ran, and Larry followed, his leathern garments already described crack, ornolt, cracUing' at every It cp he toot. - ?' Whers'B my wapes ?' Baid Lnrry. ' Give mo a kiss, cay girl; sure, I've earned a kus from yonr pretty . lips, and I'll have it, too !' - ; ' But she went on faster and faster, regard less of these und other flattering epecones f rum her punuer. At last she came to the cbnrchyaru wall, and then over with her in on in«r«nt. . -....-., ?? Well, well 1 HhaV a nitghty smart crea ture, nr.yhow! To ba sure bow neat she Hfi-. I'M an.vnue over see the like ot that fftnru? But I'll not be baulked by any o,...,,r. that ever wore a head, or any ditch, ??sUi».t- !' cxciaimml Larry, as, with a desperate iu.iiii.1. he vaulted, earambled and tumbled oven tbo wall into tbe churoh ynrd. : Up ha Rot from tho elastic sod ot a newly ii;.-i-l*- crave, in /which Yade Leary that wornini; wf.s buried — rest his soul ! — &nd; on THiiH Lirry, .'t'uuibling over beadftoncs and fnntstonr*. b«.r 6!d i^rsvea arid new graves, i i. ci'k of cctn.-jf, and the cknlla and bones uf tipn.i men— the lord save us I — that were -eMurvii nbont there as plenty- as Having entries. flo'.uid*rir-a smid (treat ovargrown o-^k lenvri: »nH. hrE'iblfcfl that, with their Inpu, iincUv Krm« hecame un.cHd around ).?? timiw «nd held him back. with a fearful M^»t;n?G the nierry woman in tbe cloak n;f»-r,i tbrnnrh nil these 'nbatrnetinnp bs \- t£ uly iiDa »»' gaily as it tn« ehnrobja'd, crowded op aaii waa with graves and grave stones, had been the floor of a dancing room,' Bound and round the wells ot ihe old church she went. ?' '?' *-' ' . -?';;i. v 7 'I'll just 'wait,'' said Xiarry, seeing this and thinking it all nothing bnt a trick to frighten him. 'When she eomca round again, if li'on't take the kiss I won't thal'a all ; and here she is 1' ? ' Larry Dodd sprang forward with open arms nnd clasped in them— a woman, ic_ is true, but a woman without any lips to kiss, by reason ot her having no bend I 'Murder!' cried he. 'Well, that ac counts for her not speaking I' _ ' ' Having uttered tbeso words, Larry him self becazie dunb with Uar and ostonish meet ; his blood sneraed turned to ice, and a dizzinews came over him. Staggering like a drunken man, bo rolled against tbo broken window of the ruin, horrified as the con viction that he had held a ghost in hia cm brace. Whcn-he returned to something like a feel ing of cor.ecicussesa be&lowly; opened his eyes, aud then indeed a scene of wonder burst upon him. In the midst of the ruin stood an old wheel of torture ornamented with heads. This . was plainly visible in the BtrRURo light which eprotd itself around. It .vrai fearful to behold, but Larry could not ohooeo but look, for he was powerless through wonder and fear. He would have shouted for help, but his tongue cleaved to tbe root of bis mouth, and not one word could ho say. His eyes almost Btartcd from their sockets, bia breast rested on the thickness of the wall, over which, on one side, his head and out stretched neok projeotetVnnd on the other, although one toe touched the gronnd.it de rived no support from thence ; terror, as it were, kept him balanced. Strange noises assailed his ears, until at last they tingled painfully to the ebarp clatter of littlo bells, whioh kept up a continual ding-ding-ding. Jlarrowless .bones rattled aud clanked, and tbe deep and solemn suund of a great bell ' came booming on the night wind. It was strange musio to dance by ; never theless, moving to it, roqnd and round the wheel set with skulls, ware well- dressedladieB and gentlemen, and soldiers and sailors, and priests and publicans, and jockeys and Jennies, bnt all without their heads. Larry did not know what to think, Hia brainB were all in a mist, and losing the balance which he had eolong maintained, he fell head foremost into the midst ot tho com pany ot gboatE. 'I'm done for and lost fore7cr ('roared Larry, with hia heels turned towards thu stars ; and sonnet down he cine. , ' Welcome, Larry Dodd, welcome !' oriod every head, bobbing up and down in ths air. ' A drink for larry Dodd !' shouted tltny as with one voioo, that quavered like v. t'.;-.U;c on the bagpipes. ? No sooner eaid than done. One nt the number presented a brimming cup to Larry, who, to show bis manners, drank it oft like a man. . ??.?,- ' 'Tis eapital staff,' he would have said, but he got no. further than ' cap ' when do oapitated was he, and his head began Jimcing over hia shoulder. Larry, however, wus not the first man who lost his head through the temptation of looking at the bottom of a brimming oup. Nothing mere did hd rc membor clearly, fox it secmo body and head being parted is not vory favorable to thobght, , .. .. . When his senses returned his first ast was to put his hand to where his head formerly grew, and to his great joy tbere ho found it still. He then, shook it gently, but hiB haul remained firm enouRb, and, 'somewhat re assured by tnis ho proceeded to open his eyes and look around him. It was broad ' daylight, and in tlm old churchyard at Kilnaslattcry he fouud himself, - with hia head -'upon the lap of earth.' Cculd it have been an uply dream ? ' Oh, no,' said Larry. ' A dream could novcr have brought be hore. stretched on the flat of my back, with tbe death's head and crosB-bones tormenting me on tbe fine old tombstone of1 Pat Kearney, of Kiltuea — but whore ia tbe hone ?' He arose slowly, every joint aching from the bruises he had received, and went to tho pool of water, but no borao was there. ' 'Tis home I must go,' said Larry with a rueful oountenance. 'But how will I face Nanoy 1 What shall I tell her about the horeo, and the two pounds he coat me? 'Tis them gho8tB that have made their own of him from mp, the horse-stealing robbers of the world, that have no fear tor the gallows 1 But what's go no ia gone, that's a clear cafe.' Si saying ho turned his Bteps homeward, and arrived r.t his uabin about' noon without enocuuitbriog any further adventure?. There ho found Nancy v?ho,a9 ho expected, looked as blaolt a»Ja thundar-cloud at him for being out all niijht. She listened lu his marvellous relation whioh he gave with exclamations ot astonishment. When he bad concluded, with expreseione of grief at the loss ot tbo horna he had paid for like an honest man, she said : ' But what took you np to the old church at all, out of the road at that time of night, Larry?' Larry looked like n criminal for whom there was no reprieve. He scratched hia bead for nn exouee, but not one aould he muster up, co he knew not what to Esy. '0 Larry,' Larry,' muttered Nancy, after waiting for some time for his answer, ' it's talking with s girl you were — an' you a married man 1 ConfesB the truth I' Larry shuddered at the tempest which he perceived was now about to break upon hia devoted head. ' Xaucy,' said be, ' I do confess. It was a ffoman without any head — ' His wife heard no more. 'A woman — I knew it was 1' cried Bhc. ' But a woman without a head, Lnrry I Well, it is long before X.tncy Gallagher ever thought it would come to this vmh her I That sho Bhoold be left desolala nnd alone here by her baste of a husband for a woman without a head! O father, father, and mother, mother, it is well you tru Ian to-day, that you don't seo this i.filiction ' nnd dis grcco to your daughter that you rared decent and tencer 1 Oil, Larry you villain !' You'll bo the 'Jcath of yonr lawful wife, talking with such vila truythpra !' - . ? ' ' Well,' «iid Larry, putting hia hands in bis oont pneLetr, ' least said is sooneBt mended. Ot the young woman. I know nothing ; but this I do known, that s woman without a head may well be called n good woman, because ehe has no tonquel' '.'???? Haw this remark operated on tbe matri monial dispute I will leave ray readers to im agine It is, however, reported -that Nancy had tbe last word. . Mv first word to all men and boys who care to hear me is, Don't get into debt, starve and go to heaven, but don't borrow. Try first begging, I don't mind, it it's really needful, stealing I But don't buy things you can't pay for! — Raskin. Wncs the eong's gone oat ot your life. you can't start another while it's a ringing in your ears ; it's best to have a bit ot silence, and out o' that maybe a psalm'H come by ami by.— Edward Girrett. The maelstrom attracts more notice than the qniet fountain , a comet draws moro attenticn than the itcady star, bnt it ia better to be maelstrom, and star than comet, following out the sphere ' and orbit ot quiet iwtulneaa in which God places m.— John Hall. ???,?-.? ; ; Arn:cTiitos= in any part of our carriage ia liibtius up ? candle to 'our defect!, and nt*v?r fail? io make n«s take notice' of it, either as wanting lenee or sincerity. ' Most vcople wbcld «ucceed in oaiall things it ihty Were not troubled with great ambi ' lions.— Longfellow., -'.'-' ' 