Humorous. Personal Preaching —" Sir," Baid -a lady, one iine Sunday, to_ a- clergyman, Just after ths morning service was concluded, " sir I hope that yon will cot preach that eermon again." 44 Why notj madam " It was very personal." "Indeed? What part of It 7" "Oh, that part about worldly-mindedness and covetousness." . " But Uow could that be personal—the re marks were general enough ?" " You may not have intended to apply it personally, but the congregation will" "To whom, madam?" . " Why, to me." . The lady and clergyman parted, but not very cordially, aB she could not extort from him a promise never to p'reaoh against worldly-mindedness any more. A week passed, and on the Sunday following the same clergyman preached on the subject of "providing all things honest," etc.; his test occurring in the service of the day, which generally guided him in the selection of sub jects. In thifi sermon—thought be—there U surely nothing to arouse the feelings of the lady who complained ofthe former distxiurce; but on the morning following, as lie was fetching hie letters from the post-Office, he met the lady's coachman,; / , " If you please;" eaid John, touching his hat, "-if "yon please, sir, I can explain all ?bout the hate." •- < • Explain all about the hats, John ! I don t understand ypu." , " Why, sir, the hate as you preachea about yesterday," : " The hats I preached about?" " Yes, I quite understoodyou.", \ * 45 That's more than I can do as to you, John; pray explain yourself." " Why, sir, you see, ."mistress and me has had a row about the livery hate; and hie, sir, and the butler and the footman; sir, felt quite sure as how mistress had eetyou to preachto as." ■ ■ " Well, John, call at my place on your way home." • John did so, and the sermon was prodhced and read to him." ~ . 4i Yes, that's it, sir." - ' 44 Well, now look at the outside of that sermon, and you will see that it was written twelve ye&re; sgo; and the reason that it, was preached yesterday was,5 because the text came in course of the service. I knew noth ing about your quarrel, and your mistress has not spoken tome since the Sunday before last." :• , , John professed himself satisfied. "I sse, John, that hats will sometimeB fit as well as caps. Good morning to yon.** The Human Eye-—The eye is a very sen sitive subject to touch upon, as you discover when it is switched with a whisk broom or punched with the -end of an umbrella. Noah Webster, who spells it with-hut one letter, says I is a personal prononn;. and personal matters should be treated withgreatdeli cacy. \\. The eye was heldinsuch greateesteem by the |nciente that they elevated it to the rank of a deity and 44 My eyel" was a favorite ex clamation of profane Soman youths;:.. Demosthenes placed ghost cenfidenoe in the power of the eye. Being asked one day,. how it Was that he contrived to snbdne tu multuous assemblies so Casfly.he replied, with a cunning wink: "It's all in my j Oye.'' It will thus be seen that this peculisrjex-; preseion of the eye can boast a classic ori gin. . . . It has puzzled mortals a gooddeal.to de-' tennine who Betty Mahidh was, bukthe "most rational oonclueion was that she "was a femaliT oculist who astonished the ahoient mariners by, her successful manner of treat ing an inflammation in the eye .of the wind, hence sailors expressed, their astonishmriit by exclaiming: "My eye andBettj Martin 1" "" •' """.V?/''. The eye is of varied shapk, cold* and ex pression. i It is most prominent with egotis tical people; which does nht include the blind, because with them the441" iscontinu ally;out of sight; It is a peculiarity;of the eye that it oah look a variety .pf colors, -ho matter what its owh individud color may : be.. . V. Black eyes can look blue,' blue eyes look dark, brown eyes look green, and bright ^eyes look blank if heceeaary. Even very dull eyes may learn by expedience to " look : sharp." It Drew i all the Samei ' laid ware man 'was setting np "a. .coal stove. He hadfigured fortwelve feet ofpipe going straight up,and for forty mora to<run to the back end of the store, then a torn and twelve feet additional Would take it. into'the chimney. -•••' . . : I want a ho'e cut In the floor and the pipe to drop down and ran into a basement floe," said the merchant. 41 But it won't draw;*' , " But it will 1" • "It can't!" 4;itmustl" 41 Humph 1" "We'll see." 41 Well, I've been in this business twenty years, and I know." "Can't help that; I want it As I told" you." 44 Smoke most ascend." ' 44 You go ahead." • • " Well, don't blame me." V , K ;.r. The hole wat«cut, the. pipe put down and run to a flae, taking only five or sixfeet; ahd the result was astonishing. . There is a better draught and more heat ko that coal stove than can be'duplicated in the .city. In fact, dampers must be pnt'ih the pipe to lessen the draught. : " Travels Like Pisen."-—Not long since an olu lacy entered the telegraph oflioe, and said she had a message to Albury: In a few ininntes her note was deposited in ia ddmb waiter, and ascended in a mysterious manner through the ceiling. 44 Does that go to Albury?" inquired'the old lady. " Yes, ma'am," answered the clerk. .441 never was there," continued she, " but it hardly seems poBBible that there town lies in that direction. How soon shall I get an answer, Mr. Telegraph." 441 can scarcely tell, ma'am; it may be two or three hours." The old lady went away, and returned in exactly two hoars. Jast as she entered the door, the dumb waiter came down throngh the ceiling. " There is the answer, ma'am," said th6 clerk. ' The old lady took the heat yellow envelope in her hands, with a smile of mingled gratifi cation and astonishment, V 44 Now that beats ail," exclaimedshe. Bless my heart; all the way from Albury and the wafer still wet. That's an awk ward looking box, bat it can travel like pisen." Love Tactics-—A certain yonng and beautiful lady of Brisbane received among her many Christmas presents a handsome diamond-bracelet whioh was the gift of an old admirer. Now the yonng lady is engaged to.be married, and when her best yonng man saw the bracelet be strenuously objected to her retaining it and demanded that it be sent back. She, like the rest of her sex, loves diamonds and hated to part with her pretty present. Finally a happy thoaght'struck her, and when her young man next appeared she greeted him with the remark that the bracelet would not trouble him anymore. 44 Why," he asked, smiling, 44 have yon sent it back?" 41 Ko," she replied; "I took it down (a Bailey's, bought another diamond and had them all made into a ring. It is not bis present any more." Theasto^ij.i- d y n gave one gasp, utd than sat down 44 Bridget." 44 Yes, ma'm." 44 The baby will be crying in a minute & you don't rock him." 44 No, ma'm. He's a true Oirish bye, like his father." 44 But that won't keep him from yelling if you don't rook him, and quit your pre tending." " Sure, ma'm, you just lave him to me. It's the pertending he likes, sure, beoauae it'a the shamrock," ' " 