SPORTING-. ; Q.T.O. Races. Autumn Meeting Glencoe Breaks His Neck. Tboso conneoted with the management of the Queensland Turf Olnb muBt have anxlouily awaited thb breaking of the day on Saturday ..last. For the pustfow daya the weathor bud . bi en most, unoortain. -Ruin had fallen nearly tl e whole of the previous night, and those who . pto6 iotcd a wet day apparently had good reason lor' eo doing. . Early on Saturday morning great musses of blaok rain oloads linod the elty, and gave every iosbou for bslieviog that the ' day's sport was to bo spoiled by a hoavy set-in rain. However, about 1 1 o'olook tho weathor touk a decided turn for tho better. Tho olouds clouted away, and tho aun shone out, and gvo every j remise of a flue day. Nor was tho pro- n iso ui fulfilled. The sun was not hiddon by a single cloud during tbo rost oi tho day. The rain whioh had fallen during the night had made tho Hamilton road vary muddy, and owing to the extra heaviness of tho tratiio it soon became a long and oontinuous sheet of mnd whioh literally attached Itself to the clothes and pereons of those who rods to tho oouree and who wore in oxposed vohiolos. In faot some of the visitors wero literally covered with the generonB mass. The attendance of visitors in spite of iho hud timos was up to the average, and speculation both in tho ring and .through tho totalisator was fairly brisk . throughout tho day. Of those who visited tho oonrso the larger cumber patronised tho saddling onolosuro, where sinoo tho last races several appreciable improvements have been effooted. A semaphore with a number of arms, whioh aro workod by means of wires conneoting it with the offioo, has been ereoted. These arms bear tho words, " Suddlo," . ' Weigh in," &o..; for the information of trainers and jookeys. 'Iho amount of money passed through the totalizator machines wub £1,600. Tho turf on tho summit of the sloping lawn has been removed and tho top covered with tun, whioh is an improvement muoh appreciated by those who prefer tho lawn to the stand during tbo progress of a rnoe. A largo number of pat plants, suoh as birds' nest ferns, &o.;, wore placed round the top of iho lawn and in front of the stand, and proved moBt eifootivo as decora tions. A programme of six ovonta hud been pro- patod, uud In all of these the fields wero exceptionally largo. The raoing also was of a most interesting natnro and several oloso finishes niter great battling np the straight were recorded. The rain whioh fell during tho proviouB night was just suiHoient to pnt tho oouree into good order, and tbo going was by no moms heavy, as the timos reoorded for tho various events will show. In tho Trial Handi cap tho threo-yeur-old Studbook showed his quality us a rnoer, after a groat fight with Pet Girl, aboat whom thuee who hud watched tho gallops expected great things. Tho filly, however, collapsed ' when tho bay gelding caught her a fow strides from tbo poet, and was placed seoond aboat half a length behind Studbook. In the Queen's Plato (ho great Buttons went down before Lurllno, who ran a grout raco, beating Buttons by two lengths and Red for n by ono. Twenty- two horses faoed tho starter in tho Stradbroko Handicap, which was advertised to start at 2.46 p.m. Owing, however, to tho frao- tiouBoess of eevoral of tho horses at tho post, a Btart was not offeotod until nearly throe quarters of an hoar later. In this race thoro were fivo two yosr- olds, the most of whom gave considerable trouble. Boovul . ' broko nosrly twenty times before tho start, and Glcncoo'and Splendide also misbehaved them selves. P. Edwards, the ridor of Georgo Fox, was suspended for tho rest of tho meeting. Whilo rounding the bend for homo a rather serious aonident coourred iu this' raoo. Lidy Li/ gar, who was running well. wa9 knouked off her legs, and in falling brought down George Fox and Glenooo, tho latter of whom atrnok his head on tho rails and was killed, while young Grey, who code him, was badly shaken. The Hurdle Raoo was not of any great interest, and was won by Exile after a good battle with Silvershot. At the oonolnsion of the raco, a protest was entered on tbo grounds of tho unrogistration of the jiokcy, and the consideration of this matter wus posc- £oncd until Wednesday next. Tho St. eger proved an easy viotory for Groygown, who, however, was forced to fight it out in tho straight with Dan O'Oonnell. However, at tho weights tho race was simply a gift to Grey- gown, and had ho liked he ounld have passed the post 10 lengths in front of the flold. In the Hamilton Handicap Lurliao sarpiieod all by the eaBy manner in whioh she pat down all opponents, winning tho raoo in a ridiculously easy manner. Mr. G. M. Kirk wielded tho flag and sno oecded in giving general sitiafuotion. Too , muoh is nearly always expeoted from a starter by the general publlo who are somotimos in clined to blame him for things whioh ore alto gether beyond his Control. For instanoo when ho gives tho word " go" ho may have the whole of tho horses in splendid lino, but one may bo alow to move whilo onoth-.r may Bwing round jnet at a critical moment and spoil an othorwiso splendid stuit. The attendance of ladies was large, and many handsomo coetumoB were noticeable. His Excollonoy the Governor, Lady Norman, Miss Graoo Norman, and Captain Straohoy, A.D.O., visited the course dur'ng tho proceedings. Tho Head quarters Band played a ohoioe pro- grammo of eoleatlons daring tho afternoon. Hon. B. B. Moroton officiated as judge and performed his duties in a satisfactory munnor, as did also tho seoretary and his stulf of assist ants entrusted with oarryhig out tho arrange ments of tho day. Tho following ore details of tho raoing :— Tbial Haniioap, of 100 eovs. ; for all horses 'that at starting had not won an adrercisod prizo on tho fiat of tho valno of 100 sovs ; .aeoond horse 10 sovs. from the prize ; 7 fur- longs. E. J. Eoston's b.g. Btuilbook, by Avclite— Fawn, s years, 7 st. 11 lbs iViilimune) 1 T. b'ltiulo'H b.g. X'oC girl, 2 years. 7 Bt....(lhii'koj 2 C, B. Brown's br.g. Wurby, 2 yours, 0 St. 7 lbs. onil (I luM. over (Cuunlnglmm) 3 (Winner tralnod by 1'. Itoss.) Tho other starters wore Ooronella, 7 at. 12 lbs. (Byan) ; Wolumbin, 7 st. 7 lbs. ' (Booth) ; Mliabilis, 7 st. 2 lbs. (H. Edwards) ; Vizier, 7 st. (Murray); Johnny Orapaud, 7 st. aud 3 lbs over (M'Oale) ; Porter, 7 st (White); Iiovant, 7 st. (Sutherland) ; Primavora, 0 St. 13 lbs. and 4| lbs. over (F. Aroher) ; Rivulot, 0 at. 12 lbs. (Rogers) ; Fera- hiil, 6 at. 8 lbs. and 2 lbs. over (Oallsghau) ; Gladys, G at. 8 lbs. (Duthie) ; Salvador, 0 st. 8 Iba. and 2 lbs. ovtr (Bailey) ; Priam, G et. 7 lbs. (Hood); and Rosy Dawn, 0 at. 7 lbs. (Venablos). Betting : 4 to 1 v. Studbrook, o to 1 Porter, to 10 to 1 the others. After gome little delay at tho post, tho field was despatched to a somowhut struggling start. Bivulet got away, but before a furlong hud bean reaobed Pet Girl hoadod him, and with Worhy at his heols made the puco to tho half mile, soon niter passing whioh tho order fol lowing wsb Gladys and Primavora, with Vizier and Studbrook next, while Salvador lay ooarly laBt. Hore, however, the son of Arehie began to forge ahead, and with Vizier at his gittha entered the straight just behind tho pair of two-year-olds. Soon alter getting into the battle ground Wurby was disposed of, and Pet Girl appeared to have the raoo well in hand. At the half- dietanoo, however, Btudbook.left the field, and . after a good lunoollarod tho Drayton filly, who, , as soon as ooilared, oollapsod a few atridos from tho post, and Studbook passed the post a neok in front of her, with Warby nosrly two ' lengths .away, third. . Time, 1 rain. 34 pons. . Out of 470 tiokots 93 wero on the winnor ; divi dend, £4 10s. Qossn's: Plate, of 100 guineas ; weight for age; aboat 1 -mile. ' J. Ftnnlo'e h.m. Lurllno, by Guinea— Laputo. 0 yours, 8 st. 12 lbs. ... ..:(J. Blooklock) 1 H. Paradiao'abr.h. Rodfern, 6 years, li st, , (M'Tayish) 2 E.J. Eoston's clLh.Buttons, 0 years, 8 st, Olba. < ... ... ... ... (Valentino) 1 8 J. Ohoofo ns. ch.o. Euroka, 2 years, 7 fit. 8 lbs. . ; . ... ... . ... - (Ghanfo) O' i v, F, Marsdcn's blk.g. Salvador, 2 years, 0 st. 12 lbs. Bill"., (iyinner trained by J.'iiiaoklook.) ' -'Tiiese were the only starters, Saturn, Brown- vO'EifiBrahoe, and Dillon having fallen out. 'Buttons1 was prime favourite at 2 to 1 on, and !--vhtrdly anything rolse was toaohod. Prom a good Btart Redfern was first to movo with, Till- vador and Lnrline next in order.. Rounding the head out of tbo straight Redfern was in seoond plr oo io Salvador, while Enroka lay third and Lurlino last., Tho bay mare, howovor, rapidly improved her position, and soon after passing the six furlong post was in tho load on ovon terms with Redfern, with the favourito in the immedlato rear and Euroka noxt. At the half mile Buttons, Enroka, and Rodfern wore on tcrmB jnst ahead of Lnrlino, and tho three kept oloso company until passing tho quarter mite, whore Lurllno ormo up on the outBlds and gradually improved her position. Buttons and Redfern were first into the straight, with Euroka acd Lnrlino next in order, and tho pair Btrotohed themselves for tho tussle. With a brilliant run however, Lurlino caught and passed them both at tho hull distance, and won easily by over a length from .Redfern, , with Buttons a head behind, and Eureka fourth. Timo, 1 min. 48J seos. (Jut of 344 tiokets 27 were on Lurline; dividend, £11 13s. Stbaddboke Handicap, of 200 sovs.; secon-l horse 20 sovs. from the prize; the winner of any bandioapon the flat after declaration of the weights 3 lbs., of two suoh races 6 lbi. ponul-y ; 0 furlongs. J. Noshit's br.g. Dim O'Conncli. by Arcliio— Knto Kearney, 8 years, B st. 5 lbs., including s lbs. penalty ... (Hn-seli) 1 W. H. Brown's ch.g. Vizior, 8 yours, 7 at. (Murray) 2 J. Vernor's b.g. George Fox, 8 years, 7 st. 8 lbs., Including 2 lbs. over (P. Edwards) 8 Tho other starters were : Redfern, 9 at. 6 lbs. (H'Tuvieh); Ormond, 8 st. 12 lbs. (J. Blaok- lock); Isidy Lisgar, 8 st. 7 lbs. (M. Ryan) ; Blymas, 8 ' st. (M'Oubo) ; The Empress, 7 st. 12 lbs. (Wocdgote); La Grange, 7 at. 12 lba. (Strickland) ; Lord Headington,| 7 at. 10 lbt. (Fertile) ; Young Sardonyx, 7 st. 4 lbs. (W. Smith) ; Glencoe, 7 at. 3 lbs. (Gny) ; Thirl- mere, 7 St. (Booth) ; Argylo, 0 st. 13 lbs. (Duthie) ; Saturn, 6 st. 13 lbs. (Cunningham) ; Bplendido, 6 st. 13 lbs. (Rogers) ; - Boovul, 7 st. 3 lbs., inolnding 4 lbs. over (F. Archer) ; Porter, 0 st 13 lbs. (White) ; Whirlwind, 6 at. 13 lbs., including 3 lbs. over (H. Edwards); Separation, G at. 0 lbs. (Bailey) ; and Niobo, 0 et. 8 lbs. (Burke). Whirlwind was favourito at 4 to 1, Dan O'Oon nell 6 to 1, Elymas 0 to 1. After a great deal of trouble at tho post a bad start was cifooted, ncprly threo- quarters of an hour behind the timo. Dun O'Oonnell, who in oompany with soma others, bad disqualified himself by break ing away as often as possible, seourod a material advantage, whilo others did not got away until ho had secured 20 yards to tho good. Elymas and Georgo Fox wore oloro to tho leader at tho start, end hofore a furlong bad been passed tho throo wore almost on terms, while Lady Lisgar was making up for her had get away and was oloso up to tho leudere. 8oen after passing tho hulf-milo Lndy Lisgnr passed George Fox, who fell behind, and thorn wan no alteration in tho order of tbo field worthy of recording nntil tho quarter- milo had boon past'od. Hero Elymas gave up the ghost, whilo Vizier ran up to George Fox, uud thepnir began to deorouso tho distance separating them from Dan O'Oonnell. Lidy Lisgar, who wsb noxt iu order, was pulling doable, and looked a dangerous oastomor, but she loll bringing down Young Sardonyx and TUtrle- mcre. Dan O'Oonnoll was first into tho straight fiora Vizior, and was never again seriously troubled, winning from Vizior by a length, with George Fox two lengths away, third. Time, 1 mio. 19J seos. Out of 80 L tiokots 103 wore on the winner. Dividend, £7 10b. Haekaway Plate, of 100 sovs.; handicap hurclo ruoe ; about 2 miles. J. Irwin's b.g. Exile, by Klngltalior— Gipsy. ugod, 0 st. 7 lba (Jordan) 1 Captain Knndemim'a cli.g. Bllvcrsliot, meed, 11 st. 12 lba (A. Colloyj 2 J, Maniiia'a b.g. Caledonian, aged, 10 st. 6 lbs. .(MulUn) 3 Olurenoc, list. 4 lbs (Hendrioks); Singleton, 11 at. 4 lbs. (Horn) ; Trooper, 11 st. (Davie) ; Cash Down, 10 at. 6 lbs. (Killer) ; Oritorion, 9 st. 11 lbs (M'Laughlin) ; Loafer, 9 st. It lbs. (Ourney) ; Lara, 9 st. 0 lbs. (Todd) ; Kaffir, 9 st. (lioardmuu); and Spootator, 9 st- and 14 lbs. over (Gsllagbor) also started. Bet ting : 3 to 1 Caledonian, 6 to 1 Silvershot, 6 to 1 Cash Down and Exilo. Exile was first to get away, with Oalodonian and Speotator next in order. Caledonian led over tho first jump from Lara, and hero Cash Down, Trooper, Spectator, and Kaffir refused. Caledonian led Exilo along the bnok stroteh, whore Olaronoe and Silvershot improved their positions. Lara foil at tho straight hurdle, and Criterion slipped and oamo to grief. Aronnd the baok Exile and Silvershot oaught and passod the loader, and the pair made the rnnnlng, looked togethor, to tho straight whore Exilo oamo away and won easily by six or seven lengths from Silvershot, who best Caledonian by about tho seme distanoe. Ont of 609 tiokets issued 73 were on Exile, but no dividend was paid until the conoluaion of the consideration of tho protest entored against Exile on the grounds of non-registration of jookoy. St. Lsqkp, of 300 sovs.; and aBweopstakeB of 10 sovs. each from startors ; for three-year- olds; oolts, 8 st. 10 lbs.; fillies, 8 et. bibs.; geldings, 8 Bt. 5 lbs.; seoond horao 60 sovs. from too prizo ; about 1 milo. It. K. Maitland'sgr.o. Groygown, by Vespasian — Urov Esperuncu, 8 st. 10 lbs. (Lliinogurl 1 J. Ncsbit's br.g. Dan O'Conncli, by Arckto— Kato Kearney, 8 st. 5 lbs (BubscU) 2 J. Finnio's oli.f. llofusod, by Nowbahl— Luily Duldwiu. 8 St. 8 lbs (J. Ulnaklock) 8 J, M'Gill's br.o. Musician, by Westminster— Huslo, 8 Bt. 10 lbs (Btriokland) O J. Muhnifoy'a b.o. Wlicntband, by Whcntmout —Emblem, 8 at. 10 lbs. ... (H. M'Gratlij O F. Morsden's br.f. Gorudo, by Whcntmeat— Gnmos, 8 at. 8 lbs (W. Utono) O T. M'Guiro'a ch.f. Flora, by Waterloo— Tbo Nun, 8 st. 8 lbs (H, Edwards) 0 T. P. llorton's b.g. Kholo, by Westminster— Eloutru, 8 st. 6 lbs (Woodgato) o (Winnor truino.t by Owuor). Tie hotting wub 7 to 4 on Groygown, bat besides Dan O'Oonnell very fow of the other horseB were touohod. From an oxoellent start Musician was the first to begin work, and wont along at the head of tho field for a fow f arlongs, whon tho son of VeBpaslan wont to the hoad of affairs, and maintained this position into the straight, where next in order wero Wheat- bend, Garuda, Musician, and Dan O'Oonnoll. Pasting the aland Wheatband attempted to overhaul tho gray colt, who was hard hold, but failed to oven make him oxert himself, and the two on almost even torms took tho flold along tho hack, with Garuda, Dan O'Oonnoll, R3- fused, and Musioian noxt in order. At the three- furlongs Greygown . was a length iu front of Dsn O'Oonnell, and led him by two longtbB into tho straight, with wido oi-on mouth. Busaell, howovor, on Dan O'Oonnell wsb watobing for chanoos, and nearly oaught the favourite napping in the Btrnigbt, as ho oamo in with a tromondous rash. Linnegar, howovor, set Greygown going, and after a most exoiting battle up tho straight wc n by a short neok from Don O'Oonnell, with Refused a length and a-hulf away third, and Garuda, Musioian, Whoatband, aud Kholo next in order. Timo, 3 mine. 17 seos. Oat of 412 tioketsissaod 211 wero on the winner; dividend, £1 16s. Hamilton Handicap, of 100 sovs.; seoond horse 10 sovs. from the prize; tho winner, aftor the declaration of weights, of any handi cap list raoo, 7 lba penally; abont 1 milo aud a distanoe. J. Finnio's b.m, Lurllno. by Guinea— Laputa, 8 yours, 8 st. O lbs (J. Bliwklock) 1 E. J. Fusion's b.o. Empire, 3 years, 8 st 8 lbs, (Valentino 2 IX. Hunter's b.o. Hyrus, 8 years, 8 at. 18 lbs. (Winner trained by J. BlaoklooL.)0"1'0' The other starters wore Governor, 8 st. 11 lbs. (Bursal!); Goldstein, 8st. 3 lba. (M'Tavish) ; Foreman, 7. at. '4 lbs. (Strickland); Tho Empress, 6 st. 12 lbs. . (Murray) ; Heath, 6- st. 12 lbs. (Burke); Whirlwind, 6 it. 11 lbB (H. Ed- waide) ; Voting Sardonyx, g st. 10 lbs. (W. Smith j Navigator, (i Bt. 9 lbs. ' (Rogers) ; Porter, .6 at. 9 lbs. (White) ; and Stnroh, 0 st. (Ohaafo). Empito went ont favourite at 6 to 4; Lnrline, 2 to 1 ; 4 to 1 bar thoso two. From a great start Foreman led Heath to the bridgo whore tho positions wero reversed ; while shortly afterwards Young Sardonyx took Foreman's placo, and raood Houth to tho flvo- farlongs where tho pair on terms led Lnrlino and Empire. Soon aftor passing three (arlongs Empiio.went to tho head of affairswith Lurlino almost on terms, who, however, wont to tho lead at tho torn, and entoring tho straight first won easily by a length and a-hnlf from Empire, .With Mjrus, who got blookod at tho. tarn, third. , Time, '2.mln., Sleeps.' , Oat of 81 tiokots issued, . 366, were on winner.1 Dividend, £4 Is. Nothing Monn to ng Dmiekd.— Ho: "Will yon marry me t" She : " How many oiphera are there in your Inoomo 9" Ho: "It is all olphois." 