SALLERY HOTES. It was known beforo the House met that the Government was safe, and that know ledge was possessed with general satisfac tion. \- The labor party had givon no epocial inti mation of its intentions on the division, but the information leaked out in the way matters intended to bo kept secret often do. Mr. Rose opened the debate, and it was a treat to see him " sling his oratorical left," and sail in to flatten Mr. Reid out. He an nounced that he did not intend to follow on the lines of previous speakers, and bofore ho had spoken six words it was pounds to pence "on" that he was not on their traek. . He looked across tho Chamber at the leader of the Opposition, and enquired what there was about Mr. Reid to induce the House to put tho Government out of office for the sake of patting him in. " What is he 7" asked Mr. Rose, and in reply to his own" question answered, " He is a soinnilo- quiat." "A what?" asked the would-be Premier in alarm. Ho evidently thought a somniloquist was something tho same as a nihilist or an anarchist. " A somniloqaist," repeated Mr. Rose ; " he talks in his sleep." Then he glared at Mr. Reid and called him a Nebuchadnezzar, and a Belshazzar, and a political Moses, and hinted at other nameB whioh he might have used. Unfortunately for himBolf Mr. Rose mixed Nebuchadnezzar and Belshazzar up, " Why am I like Nebuchaduezzar," asked Mr. iReid. " You have seen tho writing on the wall," repliod the member for. Goulburn, ;Aud the House roared " with laughter. , " You haven't read the revised edition," commented Mr. M'Millun, who knew that while it was Belshazzar who saw the writing on the wall Nebuchadnezzar's name hus only been handed down to his posterity as that of a crunk who used to go out in the paddocks about Jerusalem and oat grass. When he-got away from ancient history and started talking about things which are happening in December, 1801, Mr. Rose was at his best. He took Mr. Reid's speech in his hands, and banged that gentleman about the head with his own words. The member for East Sydney, he Baid, was complaining because the proteotionsts proposed to tax soap and blue, which would impose a hard ship ou the washerwomen. But it was not his regard for the washerwomen which prompted him to protest, but tho fear that it would cost him a penny more to have his shirt done up. " If you go ori talking like that you'll get his shirt out," commented a member. : "And he wants to get into power," said Mr. Rose. " Where will he get his team ? Will Sir Henry Parkes join him and pluy second fiddle? , I don't think Mr. Smith or Mr. M'Millan will. He could not get a team." " He could get Jack Haynce, "-sug gested a member. "If he gets me he'll lose the Bupport of St. Mary's," replied Mudgee's red-faced smiling member. " He could not get a decent Ministry together," said Mr. Rose, "and the House would be foolish to put this Government ont to put a weak one in." Mr. Roso's was a crisp, get- there, pointed speech — short, sharp and cutting, and brief. It was creditable to his reputa tion. When he next quotes from the Old Testament he will do well to read ud a little. Mr. Ewing would have thought more of tho leader of tho Opposition had he said straightforwardly what he said by inference. He had.Buggestcd that a plebiscite should be taken ou the fiscal question, but he had not said so in his motion. Ho had shuffled and fiddled with the question, and treated the House like a lot of children too simple to detect his guile. In a good speech Mr. Ewing pointed to the necessity for practical legislation, as differing from the visionary impracticable propositions of Mr. Reid. Real reform was wanted, and the present Government had tho will and tho power to offectit. He thoughttheirtermof office would be marked by nsefni Work in legislative re form, and they were entitled to what ha hoped they would got— a fair trial in the interests of the people, and for tho good of the country. . The Bpeech was that of a thoughtful, cultivated man, and it is a pity Mr. Ewing does not more frequently apeak in the interests of the policy which he, as an Australian and a patriot, is called upon to support. Mr. Gormly did not doubt Mr. Reid's ability, but did donbt very seriously his application, his power, and bis desire to form a Ministry which woald legislate in the interests of the bulk of the people. At twenty minutes to 6 Mr. Hugh Taylor arrived and engaged in a brief consultation with Sir Henry Parkes, after which he faded out throngh the cross door and headed for the refreshment rootn. He was, as usual, mysterious and active ; bat just wLat hfs mission was did not come out during the evening. Tho ex-Premier sat in his usual seat on the corner of the cross-bench, and looked thoughtfully straight ahead, pro bably in the effort to pierce tho darkness of the future — for by that time he knew the Government was safe, and apparently safo for a length of time. At a quarter to 8 Sir Henry Parkes rose and said that if any attack was expected by him on any party tho House would bo dissapointed. He commented on the re marks made when the leader of the Govern ment intimated that an adjournment had been agreed to to permit him to speak. For the first time in his career Sir Henry Parkes admitted that he reads the newspapers. He quoted from Mr. Reid's speech that that gentleman had said he wanted time to pre- pare an attack on the Opposition, Mr. Reid denied this,- and said the report was wrong — as nsuaL On the federation question Sir Henry said he was now, us ho had always been, prepared to accept the decision of tho Commonwealth Parliament on tho fiscal question. If pro tection wore agreed upoo ho would accept tho verdict, and, retaining his belief, fight to reverse it. Ho would use Lincoln's words and say men must keep pegging away, even in a falling causo. He means to peg away though tho cause is going nndor. In refer ence to his interjection of "Nonsenso" when Mr. Reid was speaking on Tuesday nighl, he said he did not intend to offend the gentleman eleoted to the leadership of tho Opposition — if they had-olooted him. But ho wonld not be one of his party. He was a determined enemy of federation, and Sir Henry Parkes said, "I refuse to be led by G. H. Reid." His reason waB that Mr. Reid had apoken in the ProtoBtant Hall in opposition to federation, and — had slated him. " Ho Bays he has studied my career," Baid Sir Henry, " but if he has not studied that any more than he has anything else I will not suffer. I am informed that he never reads a book, not evon a law book." " I've read your peems," said Mr. Reid in a low tone. " He has studied my careor,'' said Sir Henry, " let us boo what has bcon'his career." And ho summed G. H. up in. a few sentencos, any one of which was a sentence of death to Mr. .Reid's ambitious hopes. "Ho spoke of local government," said Sir Henry, "in a speech which ho has delivered any time for 11 yeare anywhere. Tho speech shows that ho doesn't know what he is talking about." Such a bill could not bo put through Parliament in less than six months, yet when the last Government decided to drop federation and tako up Bnch a bill in May Mr. Roid opposed it, and the Govern ment was thrown out.' He had a fair oppor tunity then of helping to pass a Local Government Bill, but he not only refused to do so but voted to eject tho Government. " That is my reason for refusing to follow his lead," said tho ex-Premier. " But I deny that ho haa been elected," continncd Sir Henry. "A leader is not olccted — he grows, not oxnclly like Tbpsy, but dovelopos. He sits thoro tho loader of a party, ovory Influential mombor of which spoke against him, and for whoso olection only 14,hands were held up, If he had had a Bpark of manhood in him ha woald havo refused such a leadership." Mr. Reid had informed the Houso that when he supported the proposal to give tho pauper . inmates cf .asylums votos he did so in sport, and Sir Henry declined emphatically to follow a sporting leader. Of the presont Government, ho said it had come into' power constitutionally. "By your treachery," interjected Mr. Houghton. Tho ex-Premier paused for a second until tho Ministerial cheors had subsided, and then remarked, " I do not know what is tho form of. that, gontleman outwardly, but in wardly he has tho bouI of a dog." Up to here it seemed as if Sir Henry was going to support tho Government, but be droppod tho Opposition and its loader to pick up tho Ministry and deal harshly with it. Ho objected to protection denied that there was a deficit, and said tho country would not endorse the policy of the Government. All the same he liad no desire to displace the Government as long as it did not touch the existing fiscal policy, and ho had no part in preparing tho resolution whioh proposod to eject it. "Protection is a policy of dearneBsand scarcity," said Sir Henry. "Nonsense," interjected Mr. Crick' "1 think I heard soma gentleman say nonsense," said the ex- Premier. "Yes, I did," repliod West Macqnarie, "It is only what we could expect," said the member for St. Leonards. "Youjnst said a man had tho soul of a dog," retorted Mr. Crick. " Ho accused me. of treachery," said Sir Henry, "and I will not stand that from any man." He threatened that' if protection wore carried in tho Honso he would fight against it outside and inside, nntil he suc ceeded in replacing free-trade on the pedes tal from which it had been tumbled. Sir Henry evidently thinks he is going to live for ever. Oo the resolution by Mr. Reid, Sir Henry regarded it as an underhand attempt to destroy the Government. They should havo beon openly chulloDgod or let alono. They should have been taken on their own pro posals, and not attacked by a resolution worded to trap certain votes. The labor party, ho thought, would admit that ho had been pretty straight with them. There was a little, laugh . at this, and Mr. Crick re marked, " When yon praised them first and damned them afterwards you gave tbem both sides of the question." He had never beslobbered uio -. labor party. " What' about Kiatna and North Sydney?" asked Mr. Houghton. "I said thoro what I say Here," replied Sir Honry, and he gave them a littlo more toffy,,' Ho informed tho Houso that he did not'want to trap tbeir votes, and if he could not got it on bis merits.pr his policy he would not seek it at all. Ho considered tho motion bofore the House a cowardly one, und would ask the mover what questions he considered were ripe for settlement, . '.' Those you have neglected for_ 20 . years," said Mr. Reid. " The mninquesiion to which you have referred has only been 11 years' before tho country, and during that time," said Sir Henry, "you have been in Parliament and in the Government," Mr. Reid was demoralised, and could not do moro than mumble his reply. Sir Henry appealed to the Ministry to postpone the proposed change in the fiscal policy until federation was dealt with. He wanted to sco the union accomplished, and it would more likely be brought about by the Government than by the Opposition and its now-found leader, whose name, judging by the little use he made of it, did not taste like honey in tho mouth of the ex-Premier. He asked the Government to give the people what he was pleased to term "fair play" and abandon their policy ; warned them that if they did not ho would oppose every proposal thoy brought up. "Hear, hear" came in bulk from the Government benches. The challenge was accepted. "Bat," said Sir Henry, amid tho prolonged- cheers of the House, " 1 will vote against this most iniquitous resolution." The debate began to drag about 11 o'clock, after Mr. Dowel and Mr. Wall had spoken, until Mr. M'Gowen rose, and, speaking for the labor party, said they had decided to — this was an exciting moment, for tho House was now to know which way the third party was going. But a disappointment was in store. He intimated that it had been de cided to add to the motion of consure words which would cause the fiscal policy to be re ferred to the electors, who would be asked to express their opinion on it by a plebis cite. A point of order wsb at once taken aB to whether tho amendment could bo received, and after the point bad been debuted lengthily by Mr. Reid, who clutched at the labor party's proposal as a drowning man catcheB at a life- buoy, and tried to twist rulings and precedents so as to show that it could be admitted, Mr. Crick quoted authorities on tho other side, and was fol lowed by Mr.' Barton, and tho Speaker ruling that tho amendment conld not bo moved, the free-traders gave up the ghost, and hon. members generally proceeded to give reasons for the manner of their voting. Mr. Haynes was amongBt those who gave an explanation of his reason for voting against the Government. Ho wandered and drifted about so mnoh that the Speaker at length ordered him to close his remarks, and in the middle of a mixed metaphorically muddled mouthfnl of words tho membor for Mudgee dropped into his seat, and was heard no more during the evening. Messrs, Fitzgerald and Sharp stood straight out und proclaimed themselves represen tatives of tho people, and protection ists prepared to stand or fall by their votes — and behind the Government. Right through the night and on nntil 7.45 o'clock members spoke, not so much on the motion as by way of oxplanation of the reason whey they wore going to vote as thoy wonld do on the division. Hours were spent in thns talking through the columns of Hansard to their constituents by hon. members; and at 8,50 o'clock tho division was tuken, which gavo the Government a majority of eight, and 'conveyed to Mr. Reid the intimation that the polioy he "so dearly loves" is not tho policy of Now South Wales— and will not bo again. When the result wah declared the Honse lost its head. Frantic cheering was in dulged in, and in denial of Mr. Reid's asser tion that protection 1b not the policy of tho people tho galleries rose as one man and shouted themselves hoarse. Handkerchiefs wore waved, hats thrown to the ceiling, and a demonstration made whioh would have, couvinced any man net absolutely beyond tho reach of conviction that tho public word is tho voico of Parliament, and that protec tion has como — this timo to stay. The faithful and patient protectionist members wore beyond control) and for. fully five minutes the scene was one of the utmost ex citement. When tho news reached the street tho cheering was ochoed -with redoubled emphasis, arid for a few moments mutual congratulations were exchanged in ', the Houso, in the . lobbies, and along every yard of Macquarie-stroot where friends of progress met the greetings wore affecting in their earnestnoss. The great fight decided tho fate of free-trade. Both victors and vanquished bore themselves like men, and to-day may be marked in the annals of tho colony as one to be borne in glad remembranco by those who think enough of their country . to wish to see it prosper and to help to make it prosperous. Sir Henry Parkes' vote was tho only cso of tho whole list of M.'sP. which was not re corded. Ho promised to vote with tho Govornment, but did not. It is a way bo has— to promiso and not porform. 