VICTORIA. MELBOURNE GAS WORKS. A slight difficulty has arisen in con nection with the Melbourne Gas Com. pany.. The company decided to reduce the wages of certain of their labourers owing to a falling off in the consump tion'of gas. The men say that they are busier now than usual. It was decided to hold a conference between the men and directors on Friday, but the directors were too busy and the conference was put off to some day yet to be named. ,. *.,MELBOURNE TRAMWAYS. Owing to a falling off in the traffic on 'the tramways running to North Melbourne, Nicholson-street, Bruns wicklstreet, and Victoria- street, the directors have decided to .slightly reduce the number of trams on these lines during the least busy portion of the day. This decision, which came into force on Saturday, throws about 20 hands temporarily out of employ ment. They will, however, shortly be all absorbed in filling vacancies con stantly occurring. BRIDGING TEr E MURRAY. A .g.dposal to join in the cost of building a footway in connection with the bridge over the Murray at Corowa has been received by the Premier from the New South Wales Govern ment, to. which the urgency of such work has been represented. Tenders for. the ironwork are to be invited forthwith. The Victorian share. of the expense is estimated at £828. DEATH OF MR. ZERBINI. . Mr,.J. B. Zerbini, a well-known musician, died suddenly on Saturday morning. Mr. Zerbini was a musician . ,., ,:?, . . , who was as well known ini London as in Melbourne. He' had enjoyed usual health until about ten days ago. He had to take to his bed on Tuesday, and on Saturday morning he was attacked by a violent fit of coughing, which proved so severe a strain upon his system that he suddenly died. DEATH OF & PRIEST. The Rev. Father Brennan, B.A., one of the professors of the Holy Ghost College, died at Ballarat on Saturday, after a lingering illness. BURGLARY. About midnight on Friday the post-office at Petteval, about eight miles from Geelong, was broken into, the postmistress gagged, and all the available cash, between £4 and £5, stolen. The postmistress (Mrs. Marendax) managed to unloose the gag and screamed, whereupon the burglar, whom she described as a big, powerful fellow, viciously as. saulted, her and cleared out. On Saturday a number of mounted police were dispatched to scour the neigh bourhood for the burglar. THE PERJURY CASES. The Chief Justice on Saturdaypassed sentence on G. Giles and G. Thomp son, who had been found guilty of conspiring to secure the conviction of Edward Bell for burglary, Bell having on their evidence been sentenced to four years. His Honor took into consideration the fact that Thompson had a wife and children, and also the fact that Giles had con fessed to the conspiracy. His Honor sentenced Giles to two years' hard' labour cumulative on his present sentence, and Thompson to four years' hard labour. ANOTHER SMASH. On Monday morning the City of Melbourne Building Society ceased (at least provisionally) to either repay or receive deposits. A meeting of. shareholders and depositors was called' for the afternoon. The cause of the suspension is the withdrawals of deposits at a faster rate, than the income. SENSATIONAL SHOOTING CASE. A sensational shooting case occurred on Saturday night at the Caf6 Royal, in Bourke-street. A young man used insulting language to one of the bar maids, and Mark Milne, the licensee of the hotel, ejected him. The man rushed back into the hotel, and sud denly, at a pace distance, fired a re volver' at Milne, who dropped. The man was seized by the bystanders and given into custody. He proved to be George Best, aged 24, a commercial traveller. When he fired at Milne the shot struck him on the chest over the region of the heart, and had the bullet penetrated death would have been instantaneous, but resistance was offered to the bullet by the clothing, and the fact of the bullet glancing on the breastbone probably saved his.life. Milne was taken to the hospital, but the only mark on 'his chest was an abrasion of the skin. The police had to use their batons to got the prisoner through the crowds, thousands of people' having quickly congregated, many crying out, " Lynch him !" and endeavouring to wrest the man away, evidently with the intention of injur ing him. The prisoner was safely. locked up, on a charge of shooting Milne with intent to murder. 