AGRICULTURAL SOCIETIES. That the Agricultural Societies of the colony do not take that position or fulfil the require ments of such bodies is very marked, from the evidence taken by the Commission. The object of societies, whether agricultural or otherwise, is to promote and advance the interest of the class from which they derive their name ; and it would appear from the evidence that no agri cultural society in the colony at present fulfils those conditions other than by holding a show, principally for live stock, once a year. The Commission would urge upon all agricultural and pastoral societies to advance a step further in promoting these industries by inviting papers on the growth of any plant life, such as wheat, oats, barley, maize, fodder plants, potatoes, mangold-wurzel, onions, vines, fruit trees, pre serving, wine-making, bee culture, ham, bacon and pork-curing, and any other question that might arise connected with agricultural and pastoral pursuits ; that monthly meetings of the societies be held at which these papers be read and afterwards fully discussed and published ; that the greatest publicity be given to all individual experiments made on the farms, either in the growth of products or in the utili sation of machinery or local appliances for farm improvements, the local inventions for gates, fastenings, buildings, and the thousand dilig ent things which crop up on the farm, as well as papers on diseases in stock, fattening and / - general treatment ; and so popularize the societies and make them more useful bodies than at present. The mere distribution of Show prizes annually, without further comment or interest, has not that beneficial effect on agri cultural and pastoral life the societies shonld have : and in dealing with this matter, the Commission feel they have the entire support of the farmers generally. The Complete Angler. — Euclid. At Parting.— 44 A lass," 6ighed he. "Ah men 1" wept she. Faith, Hope, and Charity. — The loan of an umbrella. The men who shine are the men who have had the hardest rubs. a woman has .only to differ with a man to oe 8luddorn. Where ignorance is bliss 'tis folly to open your husband's letters. It is one of the easiest things in the world to economically lay ont the money yon never will have. " That is a nice way to begin the week," said the man who was going to be hanged on Monday morning. Corwin — 44 The Indians don't seem to be holding any more ghost dances." Dogberry — " No, they're indulging now in rifle balls." First Sailor — 44 And you say there wasn't a drop of wine on the ship. What did yon do, then ?" Second Sailor — 44 We made port." A certain author once talked of " knocking tlie hydra-head of faction a rap over the knuckles." The Court — " Would you believe this man on oath ?" Paddy O'Reilly — " Not onliss he wor lyin', yer honour." It ha? been suggested that a locomotive is always spoken of as 44 she " because of the horrible noise it makes when it tries to whistle. Oed Place to Stand. — An Irish finanm'or once said at a company meeting—4' This fund will be a nest-egg for us to take ourstand upon." Heredity. — The visitor (viewing the new baby) — " Do you think he is going to resemble his fatheT ?" The Mother — 4 1 shouldn't be surprised. He keeps me up every night." 44 Mrs. Small, this coffee won't settle," cnmnlained M'Wattv to his boarding-house keeper. " Then it is in good company, Mr. M'Watty," replied Mrs. Small, frigidly. Easily Cured. — Patient (weary of waiting in fashionable physician's ante-room, to ser vant) — 44 Go tell Dr. X that if he can't see me within five minutes I shall get quite well." A Dressed Chicken. — Young Housekeeper — "Bridget, haven't you that chicken aressed yet ?" Bridget — 44 Sure, mum, I after havin' a good fit on the pants ; bit the divil floy away wid the coat." Mr. Uptown (to waiter) — "Bring me some devilled crabs, lobster salad, a Welsh rarebit — and a glass of iced milk 1" Waiter (politely) — " Yes, sir. Any particular kind of flowers you'd like on your grave, sir ?" Undertaker — "And what kind of trimmings will you have on the coffin?" Widow — 44Nane ava' — a plain coffin. It was trimmins that killed him." Undertaker — "What?" Widow j — 4,Ay, delirium trimmins." At Her Word. — Penelope — "Don't 1 Stopl" Jack — 44 1 can't help it." (Kisses her.) Penelope — "How dare yon when I forbid it." Jack — "Yon merely said don't stop/f band as Mrs.' von Pickel has 1 So tenderiAfter ten years of marriage." Mr. Longwedde — 4 Quite naturaL It would make a rhinoceros tender to be kept in hot water for ten years. A Regular Snap. — " What is Smith doing now ?" "He is travelling with a circus." 44 irett Hard wortc, isn t -jno; ne nas no- thing to do except stick his head into the lion's mouth twice a day." — Texas Siftings. MiSS Magmre — "Any letters for me?" Post master — "What name, please?" Miss Maguire — « Must I tell?" Posmaster — "Certainly." Miss Maguire — "Well, Tom Dolan ; bat he'd. be mad if he knew I told on him." 