TURF FLOTSAM AND'JETSAM. BY "NUNIJUAM PUUMIO." (In deal-: Oil dear! Oli di.ni-: What price the Sporting Press Tipslers alter Mciiioiie last Saturday ? Groat (Cesar's ghost : Let alone not one of us spotting a Solitary Winner, in only very, very isolated cases ivas there even a Placed Horse mentioned. 1 know tliat personally I never got within " coo-en " of one. Of course, we nan fall back upon the orthodox " reasons " for our discomfiture—" owners' intentions;," " having to tip so early in the week." " the majority of our selections didn't start," and so forth. 'That's all Rubbish. We may as well own up to the Bnldheaded Fact at once that wo attempted toselect the winners of the various events, and failed most lamentably in the attempt. 1 fail to see anything to be ashamed of in the transaction. As I have always impressed upon my readers, 1 don't pretend to be able to pick winners. Were L capable of doing so I shouldn't be earning my living writing for newspapers. -And if any of the numerous body of " Turf Advisers" eould make anything of a certainty of spotting the correct, "pons" there would be uo necessity for them to advertise themselves with such brazen efl'routei-y to try and wheedle the gentle half-sovereign out of the pockets of their confidiug clients. A writer for the Sporting l'l-ess has certainly inure advantages than are possessed by the rauk-and-iile of punters for forming a correct deduction as to possible eventualities; but as regards what may be termed " outside" meetings so much depends upon eleventh hour " iixings-up " that it is, in nine cases out of ten, a mere waste of time and space to attempt to put the merits of past performances in the balance, and therefore the hacker who patiently awaits developments until the noddies reach the post has always the best of the deal. 1 know I proved that in my own case, last week, for whereas I eould not (as I stated before) get within "coo-ee" of a placed horse when I attempted the feat on the Wednesday morning (when 1 was preparing my screed for the press) I experienced nut little difficulty in finding out three winners—Feronin, Tyras and Peerswick—just previous to their respective races on the Saturday, whilst, in a couple of instances—Elhuul and Mortlake—the "dead birds " finished close up second. THOUOUOULY understand me. I am speaking now about " outside " meetings ; that is to say, meetings where the second-rate talent are generlly entered. With regard to the classic events nd the big handicaps at Caulfield and Flemugtou matters are altogether different. The orses that appear as entered there are entered airly and squarely; they are not shoved down on he list, without tlio slightest authority, merely to ake the programme a formidable-looking one. onsequently the judgment of the Press scribe as got full scope to display itself, and for him to o through a day's sport at either Caulfield or Flemingtou without nominating a placed horse ould be simply unpardonable. And that's how ours Truly intends to excuse Himself for putting p such a very unenviable record as his tipsterial vaticinations for the late gathering at- Mentone. i Mem.—Saturday seems to have been a " black " letter day all round for Press tipsters, as I notice hat veritable Nestor at the game—" Early Bird," f tlie Sydney Referee—was also woefully at sea with his selections for Tattersall's Spring Meeting —nary a winner, and only two placed horses.] ON Saturday the Spring Meeting of the Ausralian Jockey Club will commence at Kandwick. ocated as we are some <i00 miles from the seat of ar, we have nothing to guide us as to " what's what" save aud except the betting quotations ud the training notes which appear in the Argus nd Australasian. In this connection the latter tems appear to uie to be particularly concise and nteresting, and I flatter myself that I am a bit f. a judge in such matters. Proceedings will tart with a two mile and a-lialf Hurdle Eace, aud u performances I should expect to see FOG, YABDA and Leila Lmd illing the positions. The Trial Stakes, of a mile ud a-lialf, follows, aud as Sunshine and Silver night are likely to be reserved for the Derby ater on in the afternoon, I shall pin my faith to STERNCHASER, GATLING and Bengal or this event. The mile dash of the Epsom andicap has caused much sjjeculation, Bungebali -uling for some time a pronounced first favourite, t 100 to 15, whilst Empire at 100 to 12, Eillaloe nd Marvel at 100 to 8, Oxenham at 100 to 7, nd Cardoness, Grenadier, Sir William, Sunhine, Corvette and Bel Giorno at 100 to 5 ave also met. with good support. Should Bungebah aud Marvel both start the race would e worth making a pilgrimage to witness; but till 1 would select MARVEL to win, and look to BUNGEDAH and Corvette to fill the remaining places. I incline to the opinion that OXIDE will win the A..T.C. Derby; that SUNSHINE will be second, and fitromboli or Lcbcl third. It is hardly probable after starting with lOst. 2lb. ou his back in the Epsom Handicap that Marvel will saddle up for the Spring Stakes, but even should he be reserved for the mile and a-lialf weight-for-age event I should stand MEGAPHONE to down him, as I have the best of authority for stating that the speedy son of Marvellous and La Belle is not the gamest of the game whenever anything can hold him for a couple of furlongs. In this respect I would not put it past old MELOS putting the " comether " on him, too ; and iu fact that is how I will stand the first pair ; aud leave Man-el (if he starts) and IMallimt to fight out third place. ON 'Tuesday the Metropolitan Stakes, of two iniles, will come on for decision, aud as B1GHBOEN has been so favourably treated after his Syduey Cup win, I shall select him as the best of tho bunch, and after liiin commend me to SUNSHINE and SCOTS GIIEY. WHAT a Thorough General old Bob Batty is, to lie sure! ("MEM.—lam quite privileged in calling him "old " Bob Batty, because, don'tcherkuow, it is close up to Ki years ago now since ho rode Johnny Cleeland's Wollomai to victory in the Melbourne Cup.] Well, there he was agaiu in evidence on Saturday at Mentone. Aud how did he perform! Small trouble did he make about how the rest of tlicin were going in the Hurdle Race. The only thing he was concerned about was getting his mount (Buzzard) safely over tho Last hurdle: and then, Geewhillikins! how did ho sit down and forge that gallant grey along. It was one of the finest effoits I have ever seen in my life; aud although, personally, 1 felt convinced that Klland had won (that's from the position— a very bad one to judge—where I was located), and really wished he had—for golden reasons—I could not help but admire the dashing stylo in which Batty fought out the bitter end of what a furlong from home lookedahopelessstruggle. Ah! It is an exhibition like that which convinces you there is much in the contention—" Back the Men on their backs, not tlio Horses." PEEHSWICK quite endorsed tbe opinion that was formed of him a coujjle of j-cars ago when he ran third to Scots Grey and Cynisca for tiie Canterbury (N.Z.) Derby by carrying oil' (he Mentone Bandicap in great style, whilst covering the mile aud half a furlong in the excellent time of luiin. Msec, i and after getting a deal the worst of tho start, too. By-the-way, Mr. F. F. Dakin must feel on excellent terms with himself, seeing that when Peerswick first came uuder his hands to be apportioned weight in a handicap he estimated his capabilities a stone and a-balf higher than another handicapper did; the result being that the chestnut simply waltzed in with a double. On Saturday again he was apportioned the comparative " feather" of 8st., and, with all the disadvantages of a had start, upset a very hot pot in Refuse. Peerswick is by Bundoora out of Wave ; and although he isn't much to look at, is evidently a rum 'un to go, and should make a bit of a bobbydazzler if ever he was despatched over the small sticks. WILL someone or other kindly explain to me upon what system the handicapper works when he allots a horse like Tradition 9st. for a mile and half a furloug, and a gelding like Peei-swick Sst. in the same event ? Is it because Tradition once brought iiOSO guineas ? It appears to me—and a good many more besides—that such is the only valid reason that could be advanced for such an anomaly. In the name of Heaven, what has ever Tradition done that he should be weighted in such a manner V Granted that he did run second to Chicago for the Caulfield Cup, aud to Mentor iu the Melbourne Cup. Lord bless my heart and soul, what a Marvellous Performance!—considering that he carried Tst. 4lb. in one race, and 6st. 121b. iu the other! Of course Jie wasn't trained then—oh, dear no! Mr. West (who bred tlie horse) didn't know how to train him. [Mem.—He evidently knew how (and when) to sell him, at all events.] That's the sort of cackle that has kept the weight up ou the aged son of Richmond aud Bridal Wreath As to bis former owner not knowing how to train him, and that tho colt wasn't fit when he ran second twice—Bosh ! The very fai t that he ran second in two severe races like the Caulfield Cup and- Melbourne Cup proved to demonstration that there couldn't have been much wrong with him in the matter of condition—burly and beefy though lie looked. But even granting for the sake of argument that he wasn't fit on either of the occasions referred to—how about the Interregnum—three years ago now ? Haven't Messrs. Heywood and Co. ever succeeded in getting him fit since ? Somehow or other I fancy thoy must have dropped " a bean " or two on him at odd times during the interval; they would hardly have been doing the equerry in " waiting" busiuess all this length of time. And yet, up to Saturday hist, when he finished third (with Bobby Ramagc up) to Peerswick and lief use for the Mentone Haudicap, lie has never been placcd in a race since (he Melbourne Cup of 188S. Ho was four years old then, and he carried (ist. 121b. Now his way of life has fallen into the sere, tho yellow leaf, and he is forced to concede a younger and better performer (under weight) like Peerswick 14lb. The thing is Monstrous! It's all very well to say, "Oil, if Ramage could only have got through earlier Tradition would have won right enough." He never was as badly situated during the race as Peerswick was at the start, and therefore, all things being equal, he could never have won at the difference in tbe weights. And, therefore, much as I regret (after iiis plucky purchase) having to pen tlie words, I fail to see how Tradition can have the ghost of a show iu the Caulfield Cup with tjst. 01b. on his back. Had I been handicapper 1 would rather have reversed the figures and given him list. 8)b. He wouldn't have been a Moral Certainly even with that weight, or I am very, very much mistaken. LAST week's Sydney Referee mentions that there is a rumour afloat that Marvel will not start for the Epsom Haudicap. However, I am of a different opinion. Braseuose and Elymas have airived in Sydney from Brisbane, in charge of A. J. Noud. Giiruda, Heath, Goldenstone, Coronelta and Dan O'Oomiell have also put in an appearance at Randwick from Bananaland. I'll E same paper also states t hat the committee of the A.J.C. have refused an application from E. Ellis to remove his disqualification. AT Randwick last Saturday brought off their postponed Aiicuet vZi 1 '- ground being holding afterthnt^HSW-; icon youngsters started l'ur Talk-S^M old Slakes, l.alf-u-iiiile; Mr. J.SwanW-'7<; chestnut colt, JJauO'Connor, Mni; fl- st -iv" , I bay colt, Vangrave,second,and JiuimvV™'^ nomination, a bay colt named Isaji twT' field being made up of Wild Oats. tt'dSil Bright Light, Machinist, GnwaBncl^jS Rucualf, Money Spinner, Limerick aiilto J sut.li, Olive and The Rector. The WiiRto 1 against Kossuth, 7 to 1 Woloonio'san si Isaac and Dan O'Connor. DucliL quickest off tho mark, but after o.0in„ furlong Welcome Sara (by Welcome Jack-I rushed to the front, and loo); the field ,ilon»a tremendous bat until reaching the d:atan&> rt Isaac and Vangrave joined issup-, hut juist. a! looked as if these pair would have matt™ themselves, Dan O'Connor entered a cavcat euchred them both by a length in 52J sec ' O'Connor is by Marvellous from Mavo.irneei mare bred by Mr. B. Rouse (juu.) j„ 1^7 Grandmaster, her dam, Colleen Hawn, licinu' Kingston from Dora, by Ivanlioc (son 0f p, an Arab) from Cressida, by Maonides from A Grey, by Rous' Emigrant from Gulnare (imp) Young (Johanna. So that, on the data's s Dan O'Connor can claim affinity to the "MV Barb." Dan O'Connor is engaged in tlie Kuril nong Plate, for which ho has now incurred a' penalty. Mr. J. Swan has another noininatioi our great two-year-old event of the spring—a i colt by Goldshrough out of Queen of tlie Koi OVER iu Adelaide the same day, at tlie So ustralian Jockey Club Spring Meeting, fo uffin (by the Vagabond—Lusitania) aiid ] obinson (liy Eobinson Crusoe—Vaudeville) dead heat for the Nursery Handicap, An»li (by the Englishman—Tinfiuder) hcin<* third"t alf-a-lengtli away, and the four furlongs : -half being traversed in Imin. O.!soc. Thee ere handicapped at flst. apiece, and the fiUj st. 71b. The betting was 7 to i on Jack Eol on aud 4 to ] against, liagauinllin. 'J'he i greed to run oil', the consequence being • ack Robinson won easily bv two lengths] 5»3sei MN. S. M. WILSON has evidently made xcellent bargain by purchasing Dillon, Saturday at the S.A.J.C. Meeting the gwygv., arried !)st. 121b. and ran second to Quality I 101b.) in the Spring Handicap, the mile] a-quarter of which was traversed iu L'luin. li Letsee: Dillon is handicapped at 7st.TIM he Caulfield Cup. Yum ' Yuui! LAST Thursday news came through pcrc hat Tiraillerie, Steruchaser, Rcuata, boom edjidie, Damley aud Kiniberley had hipped the same day by the H'lii/ioni I'm- Syfl irailleur's name is conspicuous by its! ence, but there must he suuie bout that, as the latest intelligcuce to I by steamer—from New Zealand onclusively that Mi-. S. H. Gollan has d( ade up his mind to allow the New Zci hampion to measure strides with the hestoi Australian representatives. WritingfroniCaJ ury the last week in August "Rata" inF us " Hilly White had a sale last week.ai leaves for Australia ou Saturday. Doubtlej means to reside there iu tue future, the forthcoming season he is likely to ride n of Mr. Gollan's horses at the 'others'' ny rate it is generally understood at Eicd hat several of that sportsman's team willj ete in some of the chief events of the Ausfil turf during tho spring and summer. Cain eg ailment will be all in favour of Tirailll ustralian prospects, and should the JJ Islander bo as well as ho was when he vol ew Zealand and Canterbury Cups he can lij ail to have a big say in the decision ofBO, he chief events at the V.R..C. SpringMM From what was said to Wliite ill eonrersatij he course this morning, it seems to lie genf hought that he will ride Tirailleur iu Austr" ON the Turf, as everywhere else, it appear ne has to go away from home to glean riting to an Auckland friend, Mr. V.E.I tated that Mersey (dam of Carbine) is "J akably in foal to Nordeufeldt, hut that !• (sister to Lurline) and Pearl Ash (dam of 1 re considered to be doubtful. Mr. Wilson j hat Zalinski; Strathinoro and Steadfast r oing well, and of the trio it won« " resent as if Strathmore would be the ea and. THE first progeny of Chain Shot hasinal ppearance, in the shape of a filly f™ ul hain Shot is expected to develop into one j est sires in New Zealand, as lie 1ms improjj greatly in looks siuce being turned raining. mhe-way, talking of New Zealand Sires, Z. readu'i! us some little time back trorn £rit»ili»Hli<! great J'reiieh horse Morteuier 'JjHiSl rnuil'sirgn 1 ' — Comtcsse) — who was once fc ]lV"{|nit eminent authority, Admiral j-s-ii^.n - the best horse ., in the world from 5 rjwtalP "l* ,0 tlVO I,ll]ns alld il " ]ial< d,ud ''' Jjaiiy >" tlmt < '" untr -y , .v Vh l J1 ' 0 ir 0 !l j <i jsr'p ' ' " "" Jllri»f (trlops, Mill . lluso St. C'hristophe, Mi^s Royal, Mtinc imd Augusta were great performers, ifilfmer is described as being possessed of all Lssontiiils of « first-class racehorse—size, bone, •ik'le. conjoined to the highest conformation, (Jem truiii hereditary defects, and an ability tanj weight over great distances. He was the gBisf of tin- game, as a stayer unsurpassable, Jiforn liuiw nfhis size extraordinarily clever s ],;; fi'pt. He was bred by the late Count jjjnunf in and was tlie sire of the celeluttd Ken" Zealand stud horse Apremont. 1\. it presents itself to me the Inference m the ill tlie sporting columns of the lustra- LnfkH Saturday'on the " V.R.C. Judgeihr-tlint ill tile case of a sporting writer who Sjlwii judge being called upon to adjudicate riv'inmtor of a dead licat, he would be likely tdrflaif i" fiivour of an animal lie might p i, have ii,riil in liis paper—is altogether an erroneous Ef, The uiiin that would do such a thing as (it would he A. Mullet, and no mistake. No, no! 5i( comet gnme to play in that case would be Uvctlie l-nce to the neddy he hadn't tipped; sfbat llio " general" might view it in the light J Spartan fortitude, and'exclaim-" There's an Mpht Judge for you! He wouldn't give a ^m undue advantage because he had tipped fcln..t lie! lie must be an Honest Man:" firt'8 Imv liini'tv-iiiiie men out of every hundre t i r S p S g l ^ Sfh circiiuistances. Perhaps for the reason 1 fcuoipiod; or perhaps again, byreason of the wmra-tible fact that although all Genius is allied with beiii" Insane, I have never yet met isiFpurting jounmlist who was so fearfully and BdUlv Insane as ever to dream of Backing fcOrnTips. No, siree ! The Tipping part of H business he lilowed! In this m,^sphere iisalmij's the Money that Speaks—and Acts, Cr late years it has been no uncommon tiling Ktarvu " the weaker sex" battling aloug as •Ins on a racecourse, and pretty shrewd they 1 in tlie main. Frinstans : If some of them n'.dyon backing a liorse, and fancy you know otliin», lliey will approach you, and ask you— "What have you backed for this ?" Upon giving „ mi an answer tlicy will respond-" Oh, I have tied so-and-so; do save a pound with me." Of — it is a very hard thing to refuse the gcye of lovely woman in distress; and 3H tUllOS uiios out of ton the "saving" clause ' 1 ' 1 1 Jiswcd to. Should * your horse win, of " vour fair friend is sure to turn right. 13„t should hers come in J-.cll.rouknow.no gentleman would ' ot huntin.rim tlie f)dv or HHn<r i lii.i- cn 11,0/'i-iw 1 - , " f Mtu'e tilo dai^itoi-l of p™ f a of the j serpent. sernenr But I T eeitainly '"was not a 01 tnc serpent. i>UL 1 ceixainly was not , for such a development as that, contained i following paragraph, clipped from a New I cxoli.',ii£.e Mr. Dan O'Brien tells .1 . aliout an old lady who had lost her money at ! 'it coursing meeting of the l'lumpton Park ny .it Sockburu. Mr. O'Brien was judge, most impartial one at that, and oil coming r tlie final course he was accosted by an "lie, who had all the points—as far as she or could judge them—at her fingers' end, she laid down the laws and rules of coursing > measured terms, making, of' course, the er-up an easy winuer. Mr. O'Brien naturally Me heed to the talk of an old lady who in accordance with pocket opinion, but the shows what a thankless office tliat" of • » eoursiug meeting really is." 