THE HIOUSE OF RIMMON. A STORY OF THE "BLACK COUNTRY" \- OF SOUTH STAFFORDSHIRE. BT JEANIE GWYNNE BETTANY, Author of " Avtrr SaaEN's Two LeGoCIEs," wO, CH APTER XXXVIIL-(CoNxetn ED..) 3Madeline on-every occasion kept as mucn in the background as possible, distinguished most by her unobtrusive helpfulness. But when the vicar gave his Christmas Eve party this year, she was prevailed upon to accompany the Saltrings, principally to avoid making herself conspicuous by resisting their importunities. Here, during the performance of a Beethoven sonata for piano and violin by Miss Towers and the vicar the had a great idea of elevating the popular taste), Madeline sat with such rapt attention that the eyes of everyone became ixed upon her. Mr. Rockinghamcaughther in bor listening attitude, and when the sonata was over, asked her if she played. "I have been accustomed to playing," she replied simply. "Some of my relatives are professional musicians." She had scarcely uttered these words when she appeared to regret them. Mr. Rockingham saw this, and so led her at once to the piano, andplaced her before a volume of Beethoven's sonatas. She sought out the Sonata Appas sionata, and rendered the surpassing music with deep feeling. Every one, even the least edu cated, present, was impressed, and all agreed that she must not be allowed to stop. Still as -simply and as self-forgetfully she commenced "Les. Adieux." Never was more pathos thrown into the sonata, Mr. Rockingham thought. She made the instrument speak impassioned and plaintive farewells, heart llins and misgivings, and deep and hallowed affection. But when the theme of the Return broke from her fingers, the joyousness of it excited the vicar, and Amy Towers, and Madame Pelbois, who had in spite of herself drawn near, beyond description. Madeline turned, and seeing their marked pleasure, reheated this final movement unasked. Their silent wish thus granted them, caused Mr. Bockingham to reflect that he had never seen such delicacy of feeling in any one before. He began to be deeply interested in her. When she had finished, he said to her in a reverential tone- "You said you had -some relatives who were professional musicians, liss Orme. Why did you not tell me you were one yourself ?" '"Because I am not one," said Madeline gravely, and looking without fear into the eyes of the clergyman. "Really, Mr. Saltring," said the vicar, " how have you possessed yourself of all this talent, and why in the name of charity have you hidden the light under a bushel?" " Well," replied Mr. Saltring, rather red but very good-humoured, "I don't know much about music myself, but it did strike me she ayed very well; but my daughter, who is a it of a udge, thought otherwise." Mr. Saltring was redder after having made this remark, for he was conscious of having said more than he had intended. But feeling compelled to say something else now, he added, with all appearance of candour, "I may as well tell you that she sings, or you will say I have hidden that light under a bushel, too." There was a general buzz when this was heard. Everybody was of one opinion. She must sin" at onre. Her talking voice was so sweet, wlat must it be when she sang? "I feel as if I am being sho.e ," said Made. line, with the faint smile which traversed her face rarely. "But since you wish it, I will here was no need to ask for silence when she sat down once more before the piano. As the vicar had shown so strong a preference for Beethoven, it was "Adelaida" that she chose to sing. She sang it to the Italian words. One woman, a butcher's wife, remarked to one of her friends, " It's the beautifullest thing I ever heard sung. But I can't think the words are very goou. They sound Roman Catholic llke;" Never had there been such a party at the vicarage. Mrs. Saltring was reconciled to havinga.mc: for wasn't this great attraction of the evening her own property, so to speak or to say the least, her importation? Late that night, Mrs. Saltring entered Made line's chamber to kiss her favourite again, and made much of her. She found her weeping bitterlv, and nothing she could do induced the girl tosay why. It was a great trouble to her, but she was compelled by Madeline's entreaties to leave her. And Madeline kept a vigil that night, and made a retrospect of her past, with its harrowing details, against her will. This was her occupation still when the slow winter morning broke; it was Christmas Day. All eyes were turned on Madeline as she, with the Saltrings, pissed up the church aisle on Christmas morning. Those who had been at the vicarage the mnight before gazed with re. newed interest en the musician who had been revealed to them. Something unusual was on the seat Madeline ordinarily occupied. It was am'exquisitely bound copy of the Christmas anthem?asand A2[adeline'e name was inside the cover, is the. viFcar's hiand?iting. Within the book. wa.'e; booknark with three ribbons hang "-g fromit; at the end of each was a piece of -ilver, on which were engraved, though dimly, for the thing was old, the features of a com "Well," whispered Mr. Saltring, "he might Lave given you something new, at any rate, if se wanted to make you a present." "Oh, no," Madeline replied. "He has offered me something he values, I am sure of it." The bell stopped, and the vicar entered and took his accustomed place, not without a glance through his spectacles at the Saltrings' pew. Madeline was holding his present in her hands. Perhaps no one but Madeline knew that he saw this. But it was evident to all the congrega tion that the vicar was on his mettle; he had never before preached such a sermon. And in the Christmas anthem the perfect voice of the stranger minstrel rose and filled the church. "You never sang in chur:h before," Mrs. Saltring observed to her as they were going out. "It was the least I can do,', Madeline re . At the porch the vicar met them. Re shook hands with Madeline last. Instead of thanking him as an ordinary girl would have done, fcr the. gift she had received, Madeline fixed her dear eyes upon him, and softly asked. "Will you tell me to Whom that bookmarli be. S"I did not expect that question," responded the vicar dreamily, "but will tell you. And \- ?e fell behind the others, and the two walked leisurely between the gravestones, and the dark eoask the girl was wearing trashed his clerical ?-leeve. :::'I am not surprised you asked me, now I think of it," the vicar remarked, glanding at the graves and not seeing them. " I have one sister now, but I once had another. But she was lost. She used to play and sing like you. This bookmark was hers. When I heard you sing Adelaida you won it from me. I will tell you some more when I can, if you will let me." "It is very good of you to trust me," said Madeline, looking meekly down. "I will never part with the bookmark." And then, as if insplred to ask one more question, she in qnired, "She did not die, your sister, did The voice in which he replied, "No," was scarcely audible. They had reached the church gates and parted on their. respective roads When she reached home, a new surprise awaited Madeline. A large packet had been left'for her during church-time. The writing outside it wasidentical with that upon the book of anthems in the church. She sat down in a chair, and undid her packet. It was a volume of Beethoven's sonatas, but nota new one: and on the cover was the name "Olive Rocking As the name met her eyes, they dilated. All the household were crowding about her; but she could not refrain from saying, " How strange! How very strange " - "It is a great compliment," said Madaeline, "that he should have given me these. They belong to his dead sister, or at any rate a lost sister." "Well, what is there odd in it, then ?" said Mrs. Saltring "Only this," said Madeline, dreamily turn ing the leaves of the sonatas, "my mother's name, was Olive." - Mrs. Saltring expected more on hearing this; but Madeline began to draw off her gloves leisurely, then rose and went upstairs. . The plum-pudding had been brought in, all burning, according to old custom; and a dish of hot mince pieshad called forth a shout of glee from the youngsters. This shout covered a cry from Madeline, who was seated opposite to the window, and saw someone pass. That someone rang at the door, and was admitted. A servant came in, and spoke to Mr. Saltring, and gave hima card. ""tranle!" he said; "I don't know the name at a. limpler woho can he be P" At the sound of the name, Madeline grew more composed; "a chance likeness, that was all," she thought. "Well," Mr. Saltring said to his wife, "I will go and see him, and bring him in. He may as well join us. He'll take a glass of wine at all events. He may possibly have come from a distance." And Mr Saltring laid his table-napkin upon the table in a heap. Mrs. Saltring could not help noticing Made line's peculiar look; and it passed through her brain in a vague way, how queer it was that people's looks should be so different on different days, and resemble people, they had nothing to d" with. One day Madeline re minded her of Keebah's baby, but now there was a proud look in her face that recalled to her no one so much as Mr. Rockingham. It was odd; end she uosoosciously wondered what had broiught it there at this particular moment. Mr. Ssltriug's loud voice was soon heard as he approached the door across the hall. The dining-room door swung open. Mr. Rimpler was with him. Madeline did not turn her face. She had never known a Mr. Rimpler. He bore a very strange likeness to someone she had known. She would not look at him. Mr. Rimpler, for his part, did not notice anyone but Mrs. Saltring, to whom he was in troduced, and with whom he entered into con versation. " Youknow the people I am with, 1 believe,"' he said to her. "Iam Mr. Hackbit's clerk, and it is his business that has brought me here to day, or rather his trouble. He is ill, and Mrs. Hackbit begged me to ask Mr. Saltring to come over. Claret? Yes, thank you." His glass was filled. Mr. Rimpler glanced round the table, in the act of raising his glass to his lips. "Good heavens," he exclaoned--"I mean,. good claret." Everybody stared at him. What did he mean by saying "good heavens," for "good claret," and in such a tone too? But it was quite clear he had sufficient cause to exclaim, for Miss Orme was in the act of falling from her chair in a swoon. That must have been what startled him. But how odd, then, that he should have said " good claret," after' good heavens." A great commotion followed, in which Mr. Rimpler made good his escape from another room, explainining in a not altogether natural voice, that strangers were best out of the way. He wasalone mn the drawing- room for some minutes. He struck his hands together two or three times, and said, "Curse it ! She's in fernally like her. She is her! and it's the most unpleasant business. She knew me; that's why she fainted. Con-found it!" Atlength a smile brokeover his face. "I needn'turouble myseld.". he thougbt.-"She doesn't seem to know. me. Besides, I can swear I've never seen her before; mistaken identity. Very awkward though! I should'nt care for it to come out that I was a medical student in Germany, and all the rest of it. Wonder where her* (mother is ? By Jove though, she's grown handsomer; and more a fool, probably. She must have been a fool to believe me. I wonder what she'd think, if she knew that the child wasn't dead, after all, but only taken away. It'sa very strange coincid encethatMrs. Hackbit's adopted child should have so much of her look. Mere coincidence. It would be too much like the penny agonies, if that were to turn out to be the very child. Yet such things have happened. It's so difficult to get at the truth, the woman having left the neighbourhood directly, and taken the child with her. And Mrs. Hackbit says this child was a collier's, who was killed in an ex plosion, and the mother died of the shock; so the thing. seems square euough." Mr. Saltring entered, and put an end to these reflections. " How is Miss - the young lady ?" asked Mr. Rimpler in a matter-of-fact way, and with no expression of any sort on his face. " Miss Orme is better now. Sheis not strong. She has had excitement this morning; that must be the reason of her fainting. It is not the first time she has done so since she has been with us." "Has she been with you long?" asked Mr. Rimpler unconcernedly. "Not very," replied Mr. Saltring; "but we have grown very fond of her, and we hope she won't leave us any more." 1Mr. Rimpler devoutly hoped she would, but could searcely make the remark. " How long has Mr. Hackbit been so ill?" "Well, he's been drinking a great deal lately; and I think it's been coming on him the lastfew days. There was no keeping him from it. I did my best; but who am I, to dictate to him?" "There's no train for sucha long time," said Mr. Saltring, "that we must drive. It's too far for one horse; but Iknow a public-house whereI can change on the way. I've done it before." Mr. Saltring's dog-trap appeared at the door and he and Mr. Rimpler got into it, anid drove away, Mr. Rimpler remarking upon the frosti ness of the air and the slipperiness of the road, in the most natural manner, andnot committing the human weakness of looking back. C?IAPITER XXXIX.-Ma.. HiAcasT'S CuRJST ras DAY. It was between five andsix o'clock when Mr. Saltring and Mr. Rimpler arrived at Hackbit's house; it was dark. There was no light in any of the downstair rooms facinmg the street; but one of the two upper rooms had a light, which shone through dark red curtains. On entering they were met by Wilson, who ignored Mr. Rimpler altogether, and looked at, addressed, and answered Mr, Saltring only. The doctor had seen Mr. Hackbit, and had ordered such large doses of nlaudanum, and so often, that Mrs. Hackbit dared not give them. She was upstairs with Mr. Hackbit, which Wilson did not think proper or safe, as Mr. Rackbit was mad, in her opinion, and wanted a strait-jacket. Mi. Saltring went upstairs ,and Mr. tispler remained where he was, for the time. and ,ter wards went to his own bedroom and sat t?oe. As Mr. Saltring opened the door of the bed room. He saw eziah, terrified and weeping, and MIr. Hackbit in a very menacing attitude. He seemed to recogniso Mr. Saltring as he entered, and addressed him at once. "I'm glad you've come," he said, with heavy and ill-aimed movements, trying to wipe the perspiration from his brow and lace, wh9dh was deeply red. "You will see me righte. They're in a plot againt me. She's in it,' pointing with a trembling hand towards Keziah. "The devil's in it too. And T saw im alast night loohkngt the window. They're all in the plot." " We'll see it all put right," Mr. Saltring replied, soothingly. Then turning to Keziah, he said, "Wilson says you've not given the medicine the doctor ordered." "It's laudanum." whispered Kezrinah. with dilated eyes," "and so much and so often, I'm afraid." " You must notbe afraid," said Mr. Salt ring. "Let me give it." Hackbit began to walk about the room un evenly and rapidly. Mr. Saltring steadily dropped the landanum into a gElas. " Come, Hacbit,'.' he said, " drink this." Hackbit made a step forward, and attempted to grasp the glos, bhut missed his aim, and hii hand coced on air. He was standing close to Mr. Saltring now. His eyes were injected ter ribly, and looked as if he could not have slept for many nights. Mr. Saltring raised the glass to his lips. Haeckbit attempted to hold it, too, but trembled so violently that his teeth chat. tored against the glass. He swallowed the dose, however. " I shallbe ruined," said he, as soon as he had swallowed it. "They're all in the plot, Saltring. There's that Rimpler, he ferrets everything out. He got to know all about uncl Rinmmon and the busines in Brum." Here he broke off, and began to itnik the sir violently. "Take that," he taid, "and'that." The perspiration was pouring off him now. Mr. Saltring pinioned him, fearing what ho would do next. " "Look here;" he said; "' Saltring; 'I'm hot going to be'ocut with them kniv6s. I know.what you're holding me for." "You're not going to be uct with any knives," replied Mr. Saltring. "Well' , returned Mr. Hackbit, confiden tially, "I've killed that fellow three times to day, andthere he is again," and he shook him. self free of Mr. Saltring, and plunged towards the mirror, in whichwas'his own reflection, and sent it smashinginto the window. Mr. balt. ring seized him, but he was not sufficient. Hackbit struggled and raved. Keziah flew from the room, and called Mr. Rimpler. Wilson was on the staircase. - "Fetch the doctor," Kezt?ial saId to her; the master's worse." . She did not go back intothe room. Once free, she dared not return. She just went downstairs and satin the dark diningroom, in a kind of apathy. She was.startled from her reverie by the doctor's voice. . He was asking where she was. She went to him. "Have you given the laudanum, Mrs. Hackbit, 20 drops every two hours, since I was here ?" he askedhor. " Oh, doctor, I didn't dare,"- said poor ieziah. The doctor'was an abrup4t, and not a ladies' man ; so he became angry. " Do you want him todie," he asked, with an aspectof ferocity, " that you don't obey my orders? He would have been asleep now, if you had done whate O tod u.'" And with this the doctor walked upstairs, Keziah f allow ieg. Mr. Hackbit had in the meantime been fas tened to his bed, and had become more violent, though his efforts were ineffectual. " Just one drink of brandy, Rimpler, come," Hackbit was bawling in his ear. "It would make a man of me again. Look here," he called out to the doctor, " these madmen make me stay out in this graveyard without a drink of brandy to steady my nerves. They can't see those ghosts, but I can. Oh, how their bones rattle! Jlust one littoe drink of brandy, and I'll stand it." And he babbled on feverishly. "Look here, my good people, it's not my fault," he called out, "lam only therepresen tative. You didn't borrow the money of me. Look in my pockets. I'm as poor as you. Don't bother. me about where you're going to sleep to-night. See, Iam in a cold graveyard. I've nothing better.'' Mr. Saltring looked at the doctor, who was dropping some more laudanum into the glass. " He's in a bad way," he said. " He must get sleep," said the doctor, " at all cost. That fool of a woman didn't give the doses." Mr. Saltring felt inclined to resent this lan guage. But looking in the doctor's face, he concluded that his bark was worse than his bite. Hackbit willingly drank out of the glass, but did not appear satisfied. His hands were loosed, and he moved them incessantly in a nervous way against one another, or upon the the quilt. " Are you staying here to-night ?" the doctor asked of Mr. Saltring. " Yes,' he replied. "Then give him the 20 drops again, every two hours until he sleeps. Mrs. Hsekbit ought to go to bed. She looks miserably ill. Give her two glassesof port wine." " Thankyou, doctor," said Rackbit. "That's something like. I shall be another man now." Overhearing the words, he supposed the wine was ordered for himself. Keziah had slipped from the room, but she vas standing outszde. " I have ordered you to drink two glasses of port," said the brusque doctor. "No, no," said Kezah, waving him away with her hand. "Not that, not thatterrible stuff, after-after what we've seen. Order me laudanum, like him upstairs; a good dose, and nd it all." And she burst into a passion of The oetor patted her head, as he might have Ione a child's with his rough, heavy hand, which could be gentle, it appeared. "You want rest." And he took her with him down stairs and administered the port wine there and hen, and went away, muttering that women were-aosts extraordinar - creatures.- ""Oly - hink of that beast upstairs being cried about, nd wanted to live. It seems the worse a man s the more they stick to him." As soon as he was gone, Keziah saw that a ood table was spread for dMr. Saltring's use and comfort. Some hours later, when all was hushed in the ick room and Keziah was lying on the couch n the dining-room alone, she saw a figure eanding outside, looking up to her window. She sprang up like a child who sees its mother Lfter a long absence. She could not let him go sway again without having one word of com fort from him. She did not hesitate a moment. She might have wavered if she had. She flew o Elworthy's side. " Oh, IRupert," she said in a convulsive hisper'. "He's maddened withthe drink." Elworthy held her near him, and muttered :amething she did not catch. "You have got some doctor, Kizzy " he aid. " Did he tell you to give laudanum ? He oust have it to get to sleep, or he will die." "'Oh, yes, Rupert," said Keziah, in a low iroce. with some fear in it. "My poor darling," said Elworthy. What ise could he say ? "You must notramain here another moment; you are trembling." And he added with some vehemence, "If you were ill, who should keep me away? Who is with himnow? You've got a nurse, Kizzy?" And he thought with horror of the possibility of his darling having to listen to the ravings of that brute who called her wife. "fir. Saltring came, and is with him to. night," she answered. "God bless and reward him for it," said Elworthy solemnly. "And now, good night." And he said lingeringly, " I shall come again to-morrow, and until this trouble is over. You may speak to me or not, as you need." He longed to kiss her, but did not do so. And Keziah found herself lamenting the fact, when she was once more in the darkened dining room. But all this time Mr. Silas Rimpler had been eeoping a vigil, like the owl in a belfry, wiiest wake when others are sleeping; and had been ina no small degree amused and gratified by the cene that was enacted under his window, CHAPTER XL.--Cnrusnrs Boxee. The following morning, to the utter astonish ment of everybody but Mr. Saltring, Mr. Hackbit presented a perfectly natural appear. ance-in fact, seemed quite well. He was not o good temper, however. Mr. Saltring could not help noticing that Keziah was not being well treated, and he felt that he could not leave the house without speaking of it He had always been extremely fond of Keziah, and he and Hackbit had had former conversations upon the question of drink, which made it easy or him to speak. The conversation took place while Hackbit vas sitting up in bed, eating his breakfast, at eleven o'clock, for he had slept till then. "This is a bad job, Hackbit," Mr. Saltring began. " You were going to reform whenyon nmarried. This is the way you have done it. )on't you think it too baaP" "That's all you know about it," retorted Hackbit, with a cunning expression. "Yosi see, I thoughtI was marrying an honestwoman, but I have changed my opinion, and see no necesity for being too parthcular." '" What do you mean, Heckbit?" said Mr. Saltringvery indignantly. *"Are you aware what you are saying ? Do you know that you are attacking one of the best and purest of women by your vile insinuation I" "Ha!" replied Hacklbit. "That kind of angouage is all very well when you want to write poetry, and when you're in love. I now ive it as my opinion that there is no such thing as an honest woman.' Mr. Saltring stared. He could not for a mo ment reply. At length he said, "You are eati mating others by yourself, Hackbit.'" And then, regretfully, " I used to think there was aome good in yoen, but I don't think it now. A man who can slander that angel wants kirking." "Look here," said Htackbit, stopping in the eonveyance of a spoonful of egg to his mouth, " just you stay here to-night, and watch by this window and if you don't see that Edmonton--that Elworthy, I mean, - him my name isn't Hackbit." "One of your wild illusione." sail Mr. Saltring, defiantly. "And if you think I shall play the spy on your wife, yon have made a great mistake. Ican trust her." "Well," said Hackbit. "'that, time will show. But if you don't believe my words, ask Rim pl I." "Do you mean to tellme that, you've, been 'ettingthat cor on to epy upon yor.wife ?I'" " No, I don't. It was he who told me foret He had' een them together, and seen him lurking about at night, when she hasn't dared to go out to him, I suppose." I don't believe a wordpp of it," said Mr. Saltring, mopping his bald head, "and the sooner you get that slanderous villain outof the house, the better. He must have a good opinion of you, to tell you such a thing. 11 1 answer for it, nobody would speak to me of my wife so. You are asbad as he is, Hackbit. We can't so easily getrid of you, but you' can get rd ofhim.w " . . 'k" Noi I can E;,i' replied Heklhit,, shortly "Becausne you want to keep'him as a spy, I sup N o not for that eitheri. I can do my spying myself. But he airws too much of any bosineos to besent away." '. "It mustbe creditable business to make you afraid to send him away." " It's none of your business at any rate; but I tell you one thng, Mr. Sl rig, I shall not have you here lecturing me. Every English. man's house is his castle. So take vourel off. I won't have yo in my hoise another moment, on any pretence whatever. You see I can send you away, if I don't laed Rimpler." And ackbit tore violently at a ell rope near him. It came away in his hand, and dropped upon the bed. Hackbit felt angry enough to have done anythlng. - Mr, Saltring smiled faintly, and said, "If yoe were going to ring to have me shown out, you might spare yourself the trouble ; I know the ay." And he moved towarld the door. " This from a man," he thought," whose life I have probably saved." How much he wished he had kept his temper.* This man was master of the house, and of Keziah; and now that he was forbidden thehouse, he could help Keziah in no way, whatever might: happen. He went slowly fromthe room, followed by a mocking laugh fiomthe bd. Whenhe hearl this and thought of the spirit that prompted it, his heart failed him for the girl' who must remain under the same roof ; and he thought bitterly, how far from human help a wife was, if her husband should ill treat hor He had been downstairs to breakfast, and Keziah had become almost cheerful with him at the table to wait upon. She had beenso com forted in having him in the house. How should he tell her he was never to come again? HIe went to the nursery to look for her. She thought somethingwas wrong, for he did not notice either of the children, "Kizzy," he said, " come downstairs. I want to speak to you. Heaven knows when I shall get he chance to do that again." She caught her breath quickly, and waited for him to explain. " Yes, Kizzy, I am not to come hero any more," he said "'I have offended your husband.' She listened, and waited. She could not have 'spoken if worlds had depended on it.. The ground seemed to be taken away piece by piece from under her feet. " Mr. Saltring," she said at length, with tearless eyes, "do me one great kindness. It. is great, 1 know, and my heart will ache. But Ifeel now is the moment. I must make the s?erifice. Whoknows.what tragedy is coming to this house? Dear Mr. Saltfin,' she said, clutchinghis hand in both hers, while he looked sway from her, "take Bertram home withyou. You offered to do it once, anid 1 would not. I thought I.was going to do sa well for him. I have not the power now. I feel he is not safe under this roof. My husband hates him. If everything mustgo, why not sooner as well as later? He will cry for me a little, but he will forget soon. . You will all bb so good to him." Mr. Saltring had let her go on without replying. Then he turned 4is face full on her, and, holding her by both shoulders, said, ' Get him ready." The smile that broke over the pale face would have been areward for any She was turning away, when he called her hack to remark, " Shall I take both children ?" " No," she said, wistfully, " Lenny is safe enough; he is his father's child." It was not long before the child wasbrought; and he seemed very much elpted at the thought of going a"yide in a gee.gee." But to the astonishment, and even disgust of Wilson, who was crying, and also of Mr. Saltring and Keziah, the child insisted on saying good-bye to" Rimpy," as he called him. Some people think that children and dogs can always find out abad man. We know from experience this isfar from being the case. A man who is fond of children, and kind in his manner to them, will always win their regard, be he ever sobad in otherreppects. It was a fact that Mr. Rimpler, hearing the child from the office, which was next to the dining-room, came in, looking a good deal cat up at the thought of parting with him, and seemed reallymovedwhen the child flung his arms about his neck. "Oh, you old hypocrite," said Wilson, under her breath. She was like many others;, to her JrIlimpler i?s aprodigyof evil; consequently, she could not believe in his possessing a single trait of goodness. But the hypocrite went into the office and positively shed a few tears when there was no one to see him. There had been a time in his life when soft arms had been thrown round his neck and he had felt himself the happiest man alive. But now, long years had passed sincehe had felt them. How these little arms reminded him of that time! At this moment, could he have chosen some definite path of right, he would have gone headlong into it. But he thought of no direct course. Andavague wish to do better rarely ends in much good. Keziah did not cry when she parted with her darling. She was filled by the thought that she was sending him to happiness and safety. She had made a great sacrifice, butshe felt herself to be the gainer. A box of clothes was to be sent on, and nothing went with the child but one little box contalning immediate necessaries. Mr. Hackbit having got out of bed, saw the trap drive off, and understood the case at once; and though inwardly glad, he decided to be out wardly vexed. His bell-rope was off, he could not ring; so he slipped on some of his clothes as quickly as he could, and went downstairs in a war that would have startled anybody thatsaw him. He found Keziah and Wilson drying their eyes in the dining-room. This suggested a revenge that mus: be effective. "So Meziah, you have thought fit to send Bertram away without consulting me. Now there is only one child, there is no need for Wilson:" this with an evil light in his eyes. "You con occupy yourself with attending to Leonard. Then perhaps you will get to care a little bit for your own child. You've a month's notice from to-day. Wilson."'' Wilson's red eyes fashed, and she flung out of the room. "Why do you do it!" said Keziah. "Why o you aend everybody away who is kind to " To please myself," said her husband coldly. "You have more to learnyet, Keziah. Doyou hink it safeto trite with me ?" "I do not trifle with you," returned Keziah steadily. "You lie," replied her husband. "Perhaps ;ou would like me to send ioe away from the homse, and give you an excuse to do-whaif you want to do. Well, you shall not havoe.your wison. You shall stay here, and wait on me, and obey orders. Don't think it's because I'm so fond of you. But I've a right over you, and bore you stay." '"LYou treat me like a slave," said Keziah. " You shall know more of what that means," said her lord, and left her. Mr. Rimnler had heard this conversation, as anybody rmght have done who had been in the ffice at the ime. And when Hackbit, having ett his wife, joined him, he was moved to say, "Yo'r'v been too hard. on Mrs. Hackbit. In spite of all we've seen I don't believe any harm has been done; and I don't believe Mrs. Hackbit would ever do anyharm. Shehasdone no worse than speak to him. That's my opinion, and I know the world." "Oh, you are clever, we know that,"'retorted Hackbit. "You set the match to the fire and now it has grown as big as a house, you expect bucket of water to put it out. The game doesn't pay. Do you want her yourself, that you began to defend her? Go and ask her to o away with Iou; she would if you ask "No, she wouldn't," said Rimpler coolly: "and I would never ask her." "Oh, you are both angels from heaven, I know," sneered Hackbit. :'But about the basiseas, Rimpler. You'll have to be more cautionus. If you ruin peoale wholesale, we shall get into the papers. You sold up an awful number of families last month; and in one neighbounrhood, too. They'll get talking together, and then it'll get into the papers, and they'll find out who it is that's the real money lender, and then it will behoination." "It would'nt be you ruined; it wouldbe Mr. Rimmon," said Rimpler. "A.nd isn't that moe'' retorted Hackbit, snapoishly. "Don't I mean to have his money some'time? He may make it a good deal more if he keeps dark a few vears longer." ."If you go on duiniig as you have been lately, you'l die first. You've drunk yourself into dlirium t.nrr' about as soon as any man I have ever seen." Everybody in the house was surprised- to see .fr.Eackbit go off to Birmiognam that.day, ecept the doctor, who said that opium had often.donsd' ee much in cases of ddllrium ries. : .: ' Mr. Hackbit had scarcelyleft tehouse, when Keziah puat on her things and went up to her mother'n. She was not away long; but Mr. Rimpler noted the time when she left, and the time of her return,in a mechanical sort of way. When he heard her come into the next room, after she had returned, he opened the cdoor of communication, and addressed her in a way he meant to be kind, but he received a chilling re buff. "Oh, very well, my fine lady," saidjr. Rimpler. "" The day may not be far distant when yod will regret not having taken Silas Blpateffor. ifriend." i" 'You haven't it' in you' to be a friend to anybody,"j retorted Keziah, and quitted the room :. Itwas on account or this rebuff that Mr. Rimpldr, on'Hackbits retlrn,rdportedKezish' having been out, and-added a little to it on his own account. Consequently, when Backbit went up to bed and found his wife with her head already on the pillow, he ordered her to get up, and told her to ao and sleen in the spare room by herself. She obeyed in a bewildered dream, and crept from the room, carrying some of her clothes with her, and feeling that when Wilson was gone she would indeed be at the mercy of two villains. There was no bed prepared in the spare room. The bed that belonged to itwas kept under another when out of use. But what did it matter? She laid herself wearily upon the mattress, and covered herself with th clothes she had brouPht andla awak all \- The following morningAeziahdressed herself and went down early. Backbit appeared at the usual hour. Keziah glanced at him as he entered the breakfast-room. He knew it, though he..did not- look at her. He had his dreemg-geown on, and he seated himself at his end of the breakfast-table, and took up the newspaper which lay folded on his plate. The servant brought in the coffee. Keziah commenced to pour it out. She-passed her husbandhis cup. He put down his paper and helpedhimself to a chop,. but did not offter any such attention to Keziah. She did not want anything, but a certain pride in her would not give in, and allow him to think she had no appetite. Besides, Mr. Rimpler would be in directly, and she did not mean him to see her with an empty plate before her. So she walked toher husband's end of the table, and helped herself under his very nose. She came into such close quarters that Hack bit felt obliged to speak to nor, though not by any prompting of courtesy. "1 hope you have spent a good night," he said, satirically, "and that you feel refreshed and all that saort of thing." "I thank you," said Kezish, with mock politeness. "The question is rather un necessatry,eeing that it wae passed away from you. Yes, I slet very well, thank you--much better than usual.' -' •.. -Mr. Rimpler here made- bis appearance. rubbing his hands together, which were red with cold. He looked at Hackbit first, then at Keziah : and after a curt good morning-they never shook hands-he remarked, as if taken unawares, "I think Mrs. Hackbit looksinneed of a doctor.". " Not at all," remarked her husband, " she has just been saying how well she is." \- eziah would perhaps have replied herself, but she was seized with afit of coughing. "Pretty well done," observed her husband, " seeing you are not on the stage." Keziah began to eat her breakfast in a kind of desperation, but the effort to swallow seemed great. Rimpler furtively watched her. Hack. bit tried not to do so, but failed. "Oh." hesaid, getting sip from the table at last. " I can't sit at the table to see you swal lowing your breakfast like a dog does dump lings." "Then go away if you don't want to see me," said Kezisah. All this could not go on without some com ments being made il the kitchen. Both the cook and the gardener had agreed that Wilson had been ill-treated by Hackbit in having received notice. and had commiserated her. Thus it happened that the elderly female began to have a better opinion of the other domestic,. This morning on enteriug the kitchen she closed the door, and said to the cook: " D you know where the missis slept last night ?"-' 'N-o," answered the cook. " She slept in the spare room, with no bed and no covering." "What a shame '" cried the cook and Roberts, the gardener, simultaneously. "I dreadgoing," said Wilson. " Who will there be to look after the missis when I'm gone? And she's not fit to look after Leonard." " He is a brute," said Roberts, " as ever lived; and it's much to me if Rimpler doesn't get a match for him before he's done, and serve hissm right too." ' W: Well," said- the"eook, "if youii-b-go, shall look after the baby. I shan't let her. It's a sin and a shame; and he's as rich as a Jew, I do believe." " I shall write to Mrs. Towers and tell her all about it to-day," said Wilson, following her own thoughts rather than answering. "And I shall let Mr. David Rimmon know, too. It's no use telling her father. He won't hear any thing against Mr. Backbit." "And when you've told them," said Roberts, " what can they -o ?" "They might get a separation." "Them articles aren't so easy got as you scem to think," said Roberts. "You've never tried to get one, mayhap." "Of course not," said Wilson : how shculd I? But what's that got to do with it?" "Well, a good deal," replied the gardener. CHAPTER XLI.--Co:eonT Froex OrEns' Wore. While Wilson was writing to Mrs. Towers and to David Rimmon, another letter was being written to David that might bring him to Jumley. The writer was Joshua Rimmon. This is what Joshua wrote: "'MY DEAr BrOTHEn,-This is the season when there ought to be goodwill towards men in all our hearth. Ever since my marriage I have gathered my kinsfolk about me on New Year's Eve. Why break this sacred chain? [Mr. Rimmon liked this phrase, and felt him self waxing eloquent.] 1 would not rob you of my boy whom you have adopted, and who, I trust, may prove a blessing and a comfort to you in your declining years. Yet would I not have him a stranger to his father's house, an alien and an outcast. Therefore I pray you bring him and join my simple board for the New Year's Eve, and believe me, " Your forgiving brother, "JOSnus RaIsaOx." When David received this he became greatly excited. He read it before Wilson's, which lay on the table. Jubal was reading a sporting paper he took in, and expressed but little interest in a letter from his father. David handed it to him when he had read it three times. "Dear me," broke forth Jubal, having perused it with elevated eyebrows; "a master piece of rhetoric end hypocrisy!" 'I should hardly say that," Esaid David mildly. " The command that we shall not judge, that ',e be not judged, means that we are not to put people down as meanina wrong when we don't understand their action." "I find no difficulty at all in understand ing," returned Jubal, tenderly touching his wavv hair and looking at it in a mirror oppo site. "He thinks people in Jumley will tale if he doesn't have anybody for New. Year's Eve, and there's nobody to come but Dorcas and Keziah and us, and my most respected brother in-law, who will probably refuse to dance attendance on that occasion. "Of courase I cancst cuontrol you," said Davidmildly; " but.for mself, I cannot pray, 'Foreiveme my sins as l forgive these who sin against me,' aid refuse at the same time to torgive my brother." '" He has never asked you to forgive him," said Jubal, a cynical smile breaking over his face. " Well, no," replied David, colouring a little. " Neow I think of it, he hasn't. Still, his ways aren't like ours: he never was like other people; and I think he means it all right. But I think that it's no part of my work to sift and sift, and find out if he means all he says. That's the work of a higher than me. But it is for ne to forgive seventy times seven, and to live peaceably with all men, so far as it in me lies: and I shallgo toaJumley. "You're not a bit of a man, uncle," said Jubal superiorly, " or you wouldn't be taken in as you are." " I'm afraid I am cowardly; it has always been my fault," said David simply. " But I don't think I mean to be coiwardly in this." And he took up the other letter and looked at theaddress. "Idon't know this writing," he observed. " I wonder who it is." " Why don't you open it and see ?" said Jubal rather rudely. His uncle silently opened the letter. "Oh, Tsubsl,'" he sad, with a kind of cry. "Poor Keziah !" " What's the matter with her ?" Jubal asked rather indiffterently. "This is from her nursemaid, Wilson; she save that Thomas is frightfully illtreating her. I am astonished." - 'tI'm not. She shaouldn't.have married him. She made her bed; let her lie on it." : "I.wonder how you cn talk so,'! said David in astoie as ilerly approaching angc as he had ever used to Jubal.: "One would think you had no affection at all for her, your own sister." - " She shouldn't have played the fool. I was all right with her before." " Jubal," said his uncle, depreciatingly, " isI this the time to reproach her with a false step?" "I'm not going to reproach her. I shall not go near her. But I'm not sure I won'tgohome, if it' only to see the mother. She was always decent enougih."' -"I thiihk it is ygur. duty to.go home, now your fate dalls you. And I-.I thaink it is your duty equally to tbe kind to youir sister, who has certainly always been good.tdyou, and who is sorely in need" of .a kind frrend just now. You could -lie more to heer'thanu anybody, else, if you liked;- Y'tou ought to go, tubal." "Ought stands for nothing. If I go home, I don't toink I shall open my lips to my father.'. I shall certainly notgo near Keziah. ' "'Well, well," said David Rimmon. "I do wish I had somebody to advise me." And it passed through his mind how good an adviser Maud Towers would have been, had he been free to go to her. But he was not. At the same hour llaud was equally per plexed with David, and the same subject was before her notice. She did not takelong to con sider her action. Shewrote to Keziah : "Myr DEAn, DRea KEZrcao,-I have heard to-day, with a pain that shows me how dear you are to me, of the sea of trouble which sur rounds you and threatens to overwhelm you. One sad consolation I have to offer, andyou will,Ifear, say thisis none. For in sufferingfor each other, we do not increase each other's load. You are 'not alone. If you are over whelmed, so am I. How came we both to make such mistakes? Our lots, though different, are strangely alike, except in one thing. You looked for calm life with your cousin ; I looked for bliss. You have missed the calm and found tumult. I have missedsupreme happiness, and found supreme misery. Perhaps this does not sound like sympathy; yet as I write my heart bleeds for you. I find myself always sighing for the days when you and I had quarrelled at my fireside, and were so happy, and did not know it. None know what happiness is but those who have lostit for ever. We are both ofus so young, Kizzy,it does seem hard that we should look with longing eyes to the time when death shall release us from our many sorrows. I can only think of that ; and yet, it is not happiness in another life that I look for, only rest from this torment; for how can I ex pect the love that has died upon earth, and left mny living love clinging to its corpse, to rekindle in another world ? It will not happen. Eternal love that men talk about does not exist. What cause have I ever given that he should turn from me ? Te never spends a moment in my companyh can help. We have no business c tonpeetionnow, even;' F0r-I haveordered all the'rentato-bl -paid into his hands long ago, and I take just what-le doles out to me. I often walk in the cemeteryyou and I looked at together one day. You remember we said we would not go there again; it made us sad. Now, it comforts me just a little, for I look at the white stones and the fresh grassy mounds andI think, ' Thisisa home where I may rest some day-sooher, perhaps, than I dare hope.' I felt a bit hurtat first when I heard thatBert ram had gone to Mr. Saltring's. I would have been so gla:l of him; but you know best. It will surprise you to hear that I never paint anything now, and I never touch the piano. .You may ask. ' How do I employ my time, then?' I don't think 1 know. I can't think of anything just now thatI am in the habit of doing. 1 hope you have not thought it unkind of me not to have written to you before; but Ihad no good news to send, and I did not wish to sadden you. I could not write to you and pretend all was right, when it was so far, far from being the case. Butnownothing I can send you could make you moremiserable than my silence. I feel very thankful to Wilson for having written; please tell her so from me. "Lionel is in a dreadful way about me. liHe can't help seeing how things are, though I have told him nothing. You know, I suppose, that Gerald is with Dr. Elworthy. They get on to gethervery well ; but Gerald never comes here. He must have seen and understood in his one visit. " Toni went in for his examination again, and got plucked. When he came and told me, he said Ineed not fear; he would fulfil the condition that I had made for him on marrying him. To think of my being interpreted in that way, Kizz ! You know it was for him. and him alone,.l wanted him to get his qualifica tion. Whet could it matter to me? What can anything matter to me now, since he does not love me, and never, never will again ? If I had said anything like that to you in the old days when we were together, you would have shaken that small head of yours, and made me aouYa sacy answer. I wonder if you ever esattfoaucy unswna- - roowacet bear to imagine you as always grave; 'itseems so unnatural. But perbips it is as dilficult for you to imagine me wandering about in an aimless way, existing from day to day, not living, not caring a bit what I put on. nor how I look. But 1 do know that nothing I put on, nothingIcouldput on, could make me look pretty, as you used to think me. I have grown very thin, and my eyes always look heavy and dull; it must be sleeping so little and crying so much, I suppose. But enough of this. You used to say 1 was unreasonable. If I could only have you again all to myself, I don't think I should be so unreasonable. Trouble makes such changes in one. Tom is changed: his hair is turning quite grey. And now, dearest tizzv, let us be all in all to each other, though it be only in thought and at a distance. 'Your faithful friend, M?cA." When Keziah received this letter she had a brief moment of rest from her own sorrows in thinking of her friend's. "Ahb," she thought. "however bitter my !tt is, Maud's is worse; I am only separated from the manc I love, and am ill-treated by the man who is my husband: but Maud has last the love of the man she still loves and who once loved her. Yes, that is worse." She could picture it. She had only to think what it would be like to have married Rupert and then to have lost his love. CHAPTER XLIL.-Mn. Riseoxn Loass IMors ThsAN His TSUPER. Keziah did not answer 3Maud's letter at once, for she had other matters in hind. She had promised to go in and help her mother in pre paring for the New Year's Eve festivities which were to come off as usual. Mr. Hackbit had been persuaded by his father-in-law to join the party, just to keep up appearances. Whether he would actually do so or not was still a question. He was not drinking so much; he had had a fright. How long this would last was doubtful. Ile made no objection to Keziah's going in to assist her mother, telling her politely that Her room was better than her company. Keziah's spirit rose sganinso this insalt, and she determined to fight hard to look as if all were right, and not give him the pleasure of cowing her. She en ered her father's house by the back way, and went into the kitchen. There was IMrs. Rimmon in a large aprons tying the puddi' gs up, ready to plut into a pot that was boiling on the fire. "This grate's worse than ever this year," Mrs. Iimmon began, "and now the boler's cracked, und we can get no hot water. Just as if there wasn't worry enough, without that. And I'm sure I don't thiluk any of the fuss as is made is worth while. Who wants to come here ?" "Never mind, mother," retu-ned Keziah. " It is not worth mahisca a bother about; you ehould ret hardened. Give people their deserts. If the dinner gets spoiled, don't you trouble your head about it. It's no good people worry mg themselves into the grave becausethey can't please people who are unpleasable." She had been taking off her things while she spoke, and turning up her sleeves, in readiness to be of use. "What shall I do first, mother?" she asked. "Well, Kizzy," said her mother, "If you'd just make a bit of paste for is mince pie for your father's dinner-he'll expect one." "And is nobody else to have one ?" broke in Meoiah, sharply. ""Not to-day," said Mrs. Rimmon. "Y'ou see. we shall all get some on sNew Year's Eve." " All right," rejoined Keziah. "'If no one else is to have any, he shan't have any either." "If you won't make it for him, I must," said Mrs. Rimmon, resignedly. "Don't hbe so stupid, mother. Tell Grumps you asked me to do it and I wouldn't." "Oh, Eizzt," said Mrs. Rimmon, beginning to cry "There is always a plenty of wasps flying about, without stirring up a wasp's nest." "Indeed," retorted Keziah, amused. "And if the wasps' nests are left alone, the more wasps will be flying about." " Well, those as stir them up are sure to get stun."' said MIrs. Rnimmon. "Well, whatdoes it matter," said Keziah, "if they don't ask other people to bear the smart for them?" "I have heard of people being stung to death,"' returned Mrs. Rimmon, who had rot deepin the metaphor, and rather astonished herself. "Iam one of the people that waoild rather be stung to death at once than be pestered by oaesional stings for years, -ad years." There-was more in- this than Mrs. Rmnmon could see, for she,in common with others of the huma race, a thinrig of her own nitoation mare than of her daughter'i. - When half-past one came, Mr. Rimmon arrived, and demanded his dinner. A cloth : Was laid for him on 'the end of the dinine - room table, and further than this he could see no preparation, so he came into' the kitchen to view the land. He caught sightof his daughter. It had been to him some satisfaction that Keziah was caged; but he had never lost his fear of her. So when he saw her there, he did not break forth as he would otherwisehavedone. • "What do you .want?' Keziah asked sharply. - " Welliny dinner, repliedher father:? "Well; thd q??ater you keep about it; the sooner.yod'll get it." What was the use'of his remaining ini the kitchen ? None at. all. .He went back to the drawingrooti; and took up atolhomof.Wealey't sermons and scanned it morosely. He had not to wait long. Keziah with her .own hands brought a tray in, and to Mr. Rimmon's iofi nite astonishment, she placed between his knife and fork a plate with a few slices of cold meat upon it. "What's this, Kizzy ?" he said eyeing tae plate from where he sat, with much diofavonr. " It's your dinner," said Keziah, " and the sooner you eat it the better." Mr. Rimmon seated himself at the table, but did not begin to eat the meat. He was think. ing that he would make his dinner off the mince-pie that was to follow. He waited a long time, but nobodycame. He rang the bell. Sarah answered it. " Take this away," he said, pointing at the plate, " and bringthemince.pie in." "There's no mince-pie," said Sarah. half afraid. " No mince-pie !" said M3r. Rimmon, with a stop after each syllable. On hearing this, MZr. Rimmon got up from the table with the intention of going without any dinner. There was an iron safe in the wall of the room, and he unlocked it, intending to get some papers out. He put the. door hurriedly to as he heardsome one come in. He thought it was Keziah, and resolved not' to speak to her. But it was his sister Dorcas. Her brother looked at her, and wondered what on earth had brought her there. Her face was beaming. " What do yu think, Joshua ?" she said. " I don't know," said Joshua, very in. differently. ' That wretch Brougham Banner's son has been drowned; one of the twins, you know.," Having imparted her news, she waited. As her brother did not speak, she said : "Are you not going to say anything, Joshua ?" "Yes," he answered. " Go about your business.' "Oh, indeed," said Miss Dorcas, swaying her head up and-down, "I must go about my business, must I ? And is it. any part of your business to .send me about my' business? Answer me that." "I 'tell you 1 don't want to. be bothered with you," said Joshua irritably. " Oh, and you're ready to use me,' said his sister, " and also abuse me, so it sems.. Baut let me tell you one thing, there's a dog on your track. Ha !" she said, " I thoughtyou'd show some interest at that piece of news. Only last night. sir, I heard a man call you a whited sepulchre.,' the senpthral phrase stabbed Joshua deeply. " Was it a Jumeley man ?" " That's my business, and I'll mind it." "' What do you want to be such a fool for?" said her brother. " If auybody said such a thing, I ought to know who it is. Would you let the groundbe taken from under my feet, and never give me warning?' ' Measure for measure," said Miss Dorc?s. " The measure you mete shall be measured to you again." "L Well," said her brother, with a grim smile, ' my ruin would be your ruin, thank Heaven." " He. ho," laughed Doras. "When a house falls there's always somebody on the look-out to carry the treasure away. What' if the one who carries the treasure away should marry t'e ." All the anxiety died out of sIr. Rimm6n's face on hearing this. " A more's nest," 'he said. " I know whom you mean." And-he laughed satirically, locked up his iron safe, and was leaving the roam when the key dropped from his pocket on to the cushioned chair, and he did not hear it. He went back to his bank laughing to himself. No sooner had he gone right away from the house than Dorcas gleefully seized the key. " Oh, Silas, my dearest," she cried, 't my time has come at last." And she opened the safe, having previously locked the door just as Joshua Rlimmon had done in the hour when he betrayed Rupert Edmonton. Somehow the words she had just used to her brother came into her mind, she did not know why : " The mosu rux- .mej~eshall be measuredl stotvort'q?, eree-leed-hr-brvther had been guilty of, the words would have been ominous enough. B?. she did not. Having taken a certain bundle of papers oat of the safe, she placed the key on the leather chair, where it had fallen. So it happened that when Joshua came home and his eyes fell upon the key, a cold sweat broke out upon him ; and a great fee!ingof gratitude came into his heart, he hardly l:uew to what or whom, to fate .most probably, that he and no other had found the kev. It never occurred to him in any form that it might have been found and used. That night Dorcas Rimmon waited in the shadow of a ruined ennce house in the Old Park. A keen wind vas blowing, and she stared as far as she could along the dark path thatled between worked-out mines towards her brother's house. But. wearied by the intense darkness, she turned her eyes away torestupon the dim lights of the town and the glare of the furnaces. A figure or a roan was approaching Ietwcn her and one of the lights. Could it be Silas, coming another way ? He might have been stmewhere for Thomas, and so have been mnable so keephis appointment. The man was pass'in her. "Perhaps he can't sae me," thought Dorcas. She stepped out a little. "Siles." she said in a sharp whisper. The man turned upon her and scanned her. SWhat are you prowling about for?" said a husky voice. .. " That is the expression Fou use in this c6untry? OA-lCil, what a couttry it is." Dorcas retreated into the shadow. But she woas not so easily quct of the s:ranger, who fol. lowed her. " And was it for me you werewaiting ?"h h said. in a charming manner. "' Itook you for a pit-boank worker, as they call them in this heathenish land. But I see you are reslpect able. These pit-bank workers. they will give you a Ifes, but theyr d(o smell of the coal. Buat you smellsweetly of the loverder-water. It is a shame you eslould wait here in solitude. I will keor you companr." " Are y o a stranger to these parts ?" asked Miss DoreCas. hoping: thi stranger wold stay until Silas limpler came up,to excite his jes lousy and so increase his arcocr. • Yes, I am a Etranger to these parts," r plied thegentleman. "' But I will knew the neighhourhood better if you permit me." "Oh"' thonght Dorecas, delighted. "he thinks the neighbourhood belongs to me :" She wondered what this stranger was like. it being too dark to distinguish his features. " Are yeou intending to stay here," asked Dnros sweetly, for an" time ?" " I stay," 'replled the stranger, "wherevoa soft arms detain me. fut at present it is hat Wolverhampton I am, amusing the public. which is not very elevated, it does appear to me." "M-ny I ask where are yoe goina now I" " I was geinr up to a ISr. lackheet'o, on e little matter of business." "Oh. he is my nephew." r" e urwhat? 0, (itl! Then you were the coungest of the famil.y, is it not. come to briahten the old age of your esteemed mamma and papa I" "ano, I am not the youngest," replied Dorcas. The ardour of the rentleman seemed to go down considerably, and he bade her a cool goodnight. As he was departing, not taking particulac notice of his footing, he threw himself into the arms of Silas Rlimpler, who was advancing from the opposite direction. t What the devil are you about ?" jerked out :r. Rimpler, catching his breath and staggering. Ice rSE coorr.crn). 