In Love's Crucible. novelist. CHAPTER "ML- -CoiTnajEn. JBy BERTHA M CLAY, 4 You must be tired,' he said. 4 Shall we not say good night ?' * Perhaps it would better,' she replied. 4 1 hope, my dear child, that you will have sweet and refreshing dreams the first night of your return home.' he said, gently, and he took her hand and kissed it. i.O 3 Her demeanour bad been studiously cold, but at this act a struggle seemed to take place in her breast. She had already taken a step or two to leave liim, but she suddenly turned, and putting both bands on his - shoulders, kissed him on the lips. He caught her in his arms and murmured, brokenly: 4 My daughter, my daughter, how good you are to me I' ' 1 wish I could be,' she cried, for oh J you are my father !* Neither Sir Richard nor Guy understood what she meant at that time; they thought that it was merely the cry of a forlorn heart; but in aftertimes they remembered it, and understood it better. She left them and went to her own chamber—a perfect gam which Sir Richard had fitted up with all the luxury wealth and good taste could command. Hev maid awaited her, and conducted her into the dressingroom, wlieie she assisted her to remove ber garments. No one would bare supposed, to see her then, that she had ever disrobed without a maid, she submitted herself to her offices so naturally. But slie dismissed ber maid as soon as she could, and then locked herself in with a sigh of relief. She threw herself into an easy cushioned chair, knitting ber brows in deep and troubled thought. Alone there, with no fear of prying eye to surprise her thoughts on her face,she gave way to her feelings. All of her past life, from the night her mother died, seemed to have lost itself in a strange distance of time. It seemed so vary long ago. But every incident of the time since was as clear to her as if it had been burned into her memory. She could see her mother dying and Tengefol; the words of her promis3 to the dying woman were before her eyes ill blazing letters of fire. Then she saw her sister, with her sweet face upturned to heaven, rigid in death. Then herself Seeing from her. There ended ber happiness. Since then she had been living a life full of falseness and wrong. ' Oh, mother, mother J' ske wailed,' bow could you blight my life with the wrongs of your own ? If yon knew how gentle and good the old man is now, could you have made mo promise as I did ? If you had known how true and generous Gay is, could you have wished me to deceive hiin as I must ? And yet'—she started from the chair and . clenched her hands—'itis not justice after alii Is it not his atonement for the other woman, and not a particle of it for the poor -wronged outcastmade so by his act—and never even rememb-red ? 1 must look at it so. Oh, mother, mother, I must think of that or 1 shall falter! The poor old man]' She threw herself on her bed nml wept fierce, bitter tears. Some of them wero fcr herself and some werefor Guy : but most of them were for the old man, who, whatever his sins, was her fatter. After a while she rose and dried her tears, and with a reaction of bitter scorn hated herself for the unworthy part she was playing. !.(.' 3 And so, torn between her emotions, she mechanically extinguished ber lamp and retired to her luxurious couch to fall into a slumber which last?d until late the next morning. Sir Richard was waiting for her when she went down stairs, and she kissed him with euch an air ol tenderness that he flushed with overjoy. ' I am so sorry to be so late,' she said. 4 Have I kept you waiting long? ' Not at all. I always breakfast late, and Guy is always early. He has been out for a gallop or a row on the lake. Here he is now, and he has the mail with him.' Guy came in, with the flush of exercise on his cheeks, and looking as handsome as auy woman conld desire. He greeted his cousin with some embarrassment, aud put his uncle's mail by his plate. Then he sat down in an easy-chair and asked permission of his cousin to read his papers. She gave it with so gracious an air that he sighed softly and looked wistfully at her, whereupon she seemed annoyed, and turned to her father to ask if he would have both cream and sugar in his coffee. 'You must not trouble yourself, my dear,'he answered. ' But it will be only a uleasure,' she said, as she took her seat at the table and arranged the cups. 4 Will you not drink a cup of coffee, Guy !' ' Thank you, no.* Sir Richard looked around at his nephew, and said laughingly : 4 Guy wants nothing now, but to he allowed to read his theatrical news. He is daft on the drama, Constance.' 4 Not quite as bad as that, uncle,' remonstrated Guy. 4 1 am fond of the theatre, though.' 4 Aod fonder still of amateur threatriials. Have you ever acted, Constance? 1 mean on the amateur stage ?' and the old man looked smilingly at his daughter. A quick flush, followed by a deadly pallor, showed on the fair face, but she answered, steadily: 4 Never.' 4 Here's bad news,' suddenly exclaimed Guy, without looking up from his paper. 'Do you remember Maida Carringford who made such a sensation in California and was to have come to Iiondon?' Sir Richard answered yes, but Maid a only put down the cup she was holding, and listened with a eet face. Guy continued : 4 It seems she was killed in an attack on an overland coach in which she was travelling. Why, Constance, it must have been about the—oh ! What is it?' It was nothing very mucb. Constance had let a cup. of hot coffee fall an tbe floor and had scalded herself a very little. She was «siiamed, to bave cried out. No, she wa^^t really scalded l frightened p n T b Y W n f g gsT l t w i Amwt m G y r L b d any further talk ahcut Maida Carringford, aud { the subj ct was not taUen up sgain. J 'You are looking pale, my said Sir J Richard, suddenly. £6 1 She fin lod faiutly by way of answer, for she ! had nut yet reci-viieJ irora tU-j t'.i.ick if the! ai ci'.Jiies which Guy's words had rtcal'.ed to 1 her. 1 S'ic ninst hive outiiooreserci;e : Gay, It won't I do in have htr looking pale.' j Guy glanced keenly at her and acqniescf d wilh j his illicit-. * j 'We must liavo a pair of ponies for lier, Gay. You must go down to the cilv at the first opportui-ity and pet thcD.for her. Kaveyou any choice tjr colours Constance?' Oil, you mast not be worried about me. If I am pale, it is only for the moment, and proves what a foolish girl I am more than anything else.' Sir Richard shook his head in loving dissent, for he would not have this wonderful daughter of bis take the slightest risk. 4 You will have a trying ordeal to pass through during the coming few days, for all the county will call upon you,' he said, 4 and you must not be worn out. If you could only ride horseback, now.' 4 1 can do that, if it will please you,' she said. 4 Ob, then, if you can ride it will be all right until we can get the ponies for you. Is there a horse in the stables she can ride, Guy ?' * Scamp is safe, aud as spry a little horse as ever trod turf.' ' What do you say, then, Constance, will you ride? 4 Anything to please you.' 4 But I want you to please yourself.' 4 1 like nothing better than a good gallop, and only ask that you will not select for me too tame a horse.' • 1 see we shall have to watcli her, Guy. She. is disposed to be reckless.' And the old man glanced at bis beautiful daughter with so much pride and affection-tbat she rose with a sudden impulse aud went around to him and kissed his forehead, saying : 4 You will spoil me. - 'Wecannot spoil you," answered he, fondly, 4 but we will do all that love can to make you happy, won't wo, Guy V Guy looked quickly at bis cousin, a bright flush mounting to liis cheeks, and there was a world cf meaning in the blue eyes that met her brown ones. Constance flushed slightly as she caught tbe glance, and then, with that strange coldness which had so often repslled him, walked to the window and looked out. CHAPTER Vm. AK EiTEHT AKD A. FRIEND. 4 Are the ponies ready, Guy V ' Yes, sir. Shall I Bend for Constance V 4 Not on any account. She is dressing, afll I would not have her hurried. She has as Kttle need of tbe aid of the toilet as anybody cduld have, but I like to see her come in with that composed, queenly air of hers, looking as if dreBB were the last thing she had thought of. And it is only because she is always so faultlessly dressed that she can look so.' 3 Guy smiled ; for during the two weeks that had elapsed since the first coming of bis cousin, Sir Richard's infatuation for bis daughter had constantly grown, so that he found a pleasure in ascribing to her all the attributes of a queen, or a goddess, or both. But Guy was in ao wise disinclined to agree with bis uncle, for to him, too, she was the perfection of womankind. His "feeling for her was one of wild longing and blind worship. Towards her father she had been almost uniformly affectionate and kind, and the old man had, under the warming influence, lost all cf that piteous timidity which her first cold greeting of him had engendered. He was her father, and she his daughter, and bis pride and adoration of her was boundless. But towards Guy she had maintained a reserve which she rarely broke through, and it seemed to act rather as a spur to bis pas- Eiiln than as a deterrent. ' - * She came down this morning dressed, as her father had said, faultlessly: but it was not because, as be thought, she gave any great care to her toilet, bat rather because she had the iustiuct of good taste, which enabled her to subordinate her clothes and give them a character instead of taking one from them, as so many women do, at the expense of seeming overdressed. She smiled brightly at ber father, and courteously atGiy : and tbe latter turned away with* sigh while the former advanced and took her hand, with the words: 4 If I did not know better, X should think yon had the Graces for handmaidens.' 4 And I should think I had a lover instead of a father.' ' lover as well as a father, my darling. I do not think any man will ever love you more,though he may love you differently." 'Why cannot a father's love be enough?' she asked, with a strange shadow in her wondcrfal eyes. '' The ponies are waiting,' said Guv, in a tone that said plainly enough that he had 110 heart for such converse. They were going to a garden party at Yvner Castle. For two weeks, as Sir Richard had foreseen,the hall had been beseiged by all the aristocracy of the county, who bad come to see the suddenly found diaglitcr of Sir Richard H&rtlesgh.; And now the first of a perils of festivities in her honor had been prepared Lord Randolph Yyner,and tbe whole county, led by the Duke and Duchess of Beidaire, was to bo there, The garden party was the result of a conversation between the little Lady Gladys Vyner end ber mother. They bad been to see the fair daughter of Earth igh, and had come away with mixed emotions. Neither spoke until the carriage was well away from the Hall, Then said -Ladv Gladys: ' What do you think of her, mamma ' She is very beautiful, and a true Hartleigh.' 'Yes; and there stems no reason for the talk tbat she has not been brought up as a lady.' ' No; her manners are absolutely perfect. Blood alone could not do it. She has had theeducation necessary to a woman of fashion.' ' Have you heard it Eaid tbat she and Guy are to be married ?' ;; ' His Grace of Beidaire had it from Sir Richard bimsslf.' 4 Why did you net tell me before?' and the little lady with the angel face and heavenly blue eyes flashed a glance at her mother that told a story of some temper hidden away under all that sweet prettiness. 'Now, Gladys, dear, don't be unreasonable. What was the use of telling you ?' ' It would have saved me the mortification of discovering for- myself that Guy had no eyes cept for her.' ' I would not give another thought to Guy, my dear.' ' I did not say I would. Did you notice that she evaded any question tbat had any reference to her past life?' ' I cannot say that I did.' ' There will bo no end of receptions, balls and given in her honor, no doubt.' 4 Sure to be; Sir Richard is too important to be Besides, the Duke is so partial to bim. were companions in their youth.' 1 What are you going to do, mamma ?' . 4 1 h&ve; not thought of it, dear.' ' Why not give a garden partv ?' ' A very good thought. I will.' ' Issue the invitations at once, so that we will the first to show our good will.' ' Certainly, dear, if you wish it,' answered Lady fondly. 'Nothing could be in better keeping. are the nearest neighbours, and it will fall to us to be first.' And so they were the first to draw Constance the Hall. It was a glorious summer day on which the party was to be held, and the sight that the eyes of Constance as she drove her spirited ponies to the castle was a very pretty one. The gentlemen were all in. white flannel, aud the were, like herself, in pretty lawn costumes. It was easy to see, by the rush of gentlemen toward the phaeton, that Constance had made an on tbe male portion of the county. certainly, nothing could have been at once more cordial and pretty than the way Lady Gladys with lawn tenuis racket ia her hand ran to greet the guest of the day. • 4 1 am so glad tosee you, dear ! Youmusttake play at tennis, and you must play, too, Mr. Oh, 1 can't take any excuse, for I know are getting one ready, Miss Constance. You must play.' ' But unfortunately, I don't know how.' They were walking across tbe lawn now, and Gladys had her arm affectionately around companion's waist. .-'Don't know how?' and there was a singular inflection mthegiriytone. ' No; Ibavenever jeariied the game though! not doubt l shall ISceit - when I do learn/ * Of course you will. Why don't you gel Ouy to teach you ? lie ia a splendid player—tbe best we hare.' 4 1 shall watch you pUy, aud sometime J will get you to show me how." * I will do that now. Come. Gentlemen, Hus n*r: h igli will take my play, aud 1 will show hi r llie If ir. *:,y clnncc it had bscn a part of the plan of the little lidy to display her own grace at I he i-iliense cf the awkwardocss of a neophyte, i,he was doomed to disappointment; for Conetaacp, with the readiness ni one who has made a itudy of posturing, knew how to learn without awkwardness. Indeed it was not long before there were -, expressions of incredulity tbat she l»ad never piayed before. Lady Gladys herself sxid; ' Oh, you must have played before. Why, to say '. nothing of yonr play, which is quite as {food as - my own, one must have lived entirely out of tba world not to have learned lawn tecnis.* Constance turned her dark, searching eyes down on the little creature ai>i Btudied the face with its innoceat blue eyes sad guileless manner. 4 Have 1 an enemy hero 7* she asked herself. 4 1 am not deceived by the child's simplicity; but why should she dislike n» 11 will watch her. k man I may deceive, but s woman, even such as this, is more to be dreaded than ten men.' 4 1 have lived out of the world, yon know/ eha said, aloud, without betraying a particle of annoy- " ance. ; 4 Oh, 1 thought You had spent your time ill travelling,'and tl>s blue eyes sought tbe brown , ones with a «eiy pretty assumption of inno- -cence. " . '"" ' And so £ have, and that is no -doubt tbe reason why $ have not learned to play lawn - tennis.* _ • The brows eyes were inscrutable; and the blue ones turned away with just the ghost of a iUshin them. Tbiy had learned nothing, and Lady Gladys dy5 not care to carry her inquisition any further.' - , - ' Oh, ture is his grace I' she exclaimed. 4 Hare ! you coi?.e to admire Miss Hartleigh's playing, your grace?' ' I am prepared to admire anything Miss ilart* leigl< does,' answered the duke, gallantly. * Jii 'chat case,' said Constance laughingly, * I sha*l take care not to try auythinginthe presence of your grace that I am not sure of doing Well. .. And as this game is finished 1 will take yonr ' pace's arm aud listen to you, for lean always' Hsten well when I have eloquence at my ear,* -'. ' What flattery I It deserves a punishment. -I lhall refuse you my arm and torn ,you ovsr to* younger man. Here is my nephew, Lord Alj o r- non Lintel. Algy, come here.' Constance glanced up and became conscious of - ooe of tbe most exquisite faces she had ever semi It had in it nothing of manly strength, but rt m full of a sweetness and refinement seldom r met even in a woman. It had lines in it that toldof . pain suffered, but there was nothing to indicate ~ anything but submission and resignation. Then \ was an infinite pathos in the large violet-blae «yet and in the delicate, sensitive lip/ but there was" cheerfulness, too, and Constance was won by'the - face, even before her womanly pity was afoiued by the sight of the frail body and cripple&limb; which went with tbe rare face. ' . ^ 4 Algy, this is Miss Hartleigh. X turn tor over ; to you as a punishment for using a man's weapons. She flattered me, Algy.' .. . Algy looked into the beautiful face, which fhen : was in its sweetest phase, for it wais filled with | soft pity, 1 and his large -eyeB lighted np eagailj, ashesaid: <S ' If Miss Hartleigh will permit herself tohe disposed of summarily, 1 shall be happy as wallas flattered.' „ • .'•,"'-;•. ' i; It was not said with an air of gallantry, and ;; Constance did not receive it as~such. jShs answered with her rare iiiiile: • .-7 -"' 4 1 have just received my first lesson in lawa; tennis, and 1 shall be glad to sit doim someirhepa 1 and watch this others.' ; • ^ \- 4 If you would rather walk about, it tire me,' be said, -with frank Bunpliiaty.^-?iMa| not strong, but I am hot as frail «s IX 'lom^Be>| sides, this is one of.my best days.-.^ull ml walk?" 4 Not aow,. please. X want to quainted with yon, and ws can talic^ sit.' . . "..5 . ' Does that mean that youthink me?* • Shqjhzraed ber eyes on Jiis eager sincerity, and! answered some: 4 You are quick in demanding sileelsrft intentions.' "•'•••'i.^'B 4 But I liked you at once, aud itssemi that you liked me as quickly. l am not .^ous, you know,' he glanced ,at bis cripplalf and you may like me as much as you can-.-' eorethat you and 1 can understand each * We are in sympathy. 1 don't, mean jdty. < f< misfortunes; everybody who u strong am .. pities me: but there are not. so many wlio comprehend that the soul has longujgs inde^ dent of the body. Perhaps I tire'.yon.' 'tiUSM morbid, though I may seem sp. 1 ibfrdc 'Xaat:. happier than many who think tbey.fasye toon to te happy for?' -. -. ,. '.v; They were sitting now, and she laid hezbam on bis, with an utter obsencc of any sentrotdifference ia sex, and eaid earnestly: ~ ;; , 'I know just what yon mean. I did like.yoB Dice, and 1 hope we shall be frienSs.' - ,^ ^ 'If you hope, so, wears friends: :Now tihatwp^ are friends, let us know more about eidn'' other. You know me, I fancy, X sm Algernon, intel,. Marquis of Serais, and heir to the dnksdottd,! Beidaire ; a great deal for such a poorwietch at :; I, is it not?' He laughed pleasantly as he spoke, and the' ' smiled as if she could comprehend his feeling/ Hs recognised her sympathy, and in'the same-' merry way, asked : \- -' ' How came you to be Miis Hartleigh? - They. - say you are Sir Richard's daughter. Ob, I ask yourpardoa. J hare said something wrong." Not so. I have been separated from my father'; for many years, and now I have returned home again." She felt his honest, searching eyes fixed on her, and felt uneasy, though not in tbe least resentful. He listened to her,and, when she -ceased speaking,- ' " l said, earnestly: 1 We can help each other, 1 am sure now. Yoa v • have suffered; I am afraid you suffer now. Who ''" can tell ? I may be of as much service to you as you to me. 1 do not care much for self-appointed prophets; but I hava & feeling that some day l : can help yoa. If ever I can will you letme? And will you forgive me for having spoken as I have?' Maida listened to him with a sort of terror. It was to her as though he were reading the stoij of her misery, past, present and future. ShepresseS ber hands over her eyes as if she would shut out the picture he had conjured up. Then she withdrew her hands, and with a sad smile answered, : softly: V ' Yes, I have suffered, and, I suppose, must still suffer some; but it is mostly a thing of the past, "- and I do not think of it if I can help it.' • 4 Forgive me for what I have done.* 4 No, we are friends. We know eachother'now. But do not let us talk of euch things again. Hear the shouts I Somebody has made a good play,'I fancy.' 4 It was Guy, I think. I hear them call calling his name. What a noble fellow he is t H« always makes me think of the old knights, he is so unaffectedly good and generous.- Yon agree with me, do you not? And he is the handsomest man I have seen. I suppose that I can appreciate such a perfect model of manly strength and goodness much as a wem&n; must, being so weak myself.' Maida answered absently, and would hire changed the conversation, bed she not been relieved of the necessity by seeing Gay approaching - with Lady Gladys on bis arm. She instantly assumed command of herself, for she had a strange feeling tbat in some way she was to be pat to the test. She had begun to look upon Lsdy Gladys as an enemy. CHAPTER IX. THE PABTOF JULIET. The face of Lady Gladys was a picture of contentment and happiness as she approached Maids, banging on the arm of G ny, and talking to him in her pretty child-like way, When they were near enough, Maida could hear her saying: 4 We must ask Algy if it is true.' ' What are yon going to ask me?' demanded Algy- ' There is a rumour floating about that you axe thinking of theatricals,' said Gny. Algy laughed in his pleasant way, and «mswered: 4 Why, they might accuse either yon or me of tbat almost at any time and not be far wrong, now might they not?' 4 1 believe they might, Algy,' returned Guy, , placing his strong but shapely hand with a lode full of affection on the shoulder of the other; t*but perhaps there is o.ore in this thank mere romour. You don't deny the impeachment.* • ' Soft impeachment is what yon should haVa, said.' interjected the voice of tbe duke, who bad come up unobserved, for if Algy is soft about one thing that is theatricalB.* . • Abuse Guy, too, uncle: he is as bad as l am,' laughed Algy. {To BeCoHTOuEiiJ^LC © 