A LADY'S LETTER FROM LONDON. LONDON, Maucii 20. The death of Prince Napoleon is not an event of political importance, but it removes an interesting personality from the scene of contemporary history, and breaks the last link with the dreamlike past of the Second Empire. I can recall vividly the interest with which I regarded the son of Kin Jerome, when I first saw him, and traced the traditional features of the "straight-haired lieutenaut-" in Napoleon's nephew. Tiie sallow face had not the mournful refinement of Napoleon's, but the outline was like, and in the brow, and setting of the eyes' par ticulars in which every member of the family with the one exception of the Emperor Louis Napoleon, resembled Madame Merc, every portrait of the great Corsiean was reproduced At that far-away date "Plon-plon " was not popular, and I do not think he was regarded as a person of remarkable ability. ]Jis Crimean record was vaguely against him, and his ostentatious enmity to religion was resented as much as a mark of bad taste as for graver reasons. The always strained relations between the l'rince and the Empress gave rise to many cancan*, and were compared to those which had existed between Queen Marie Antoinette and the Duke of Orleans (mid-way in the fifties, tiie history of the first revolution was still re membered and talked of), while the virtues and the unhappiness of Princess Clotilde (that " really royal" personage whom the steadily abstinent Faubourg St Germain society re garded with something like the disdainful pity bestowed by the "restoration" nobles upon the Austrian Archduchess, Marie Louise, who had been sacrificed to a futile policy by her marriage with Napoleon I.), re ceived less general recognition than did the Picdmonteae Princess's lack of personal at tractions. The contrast between the bin press and the Princess was remarkable; there was hut one bond of union between them, their common fidelity and devotion to the Catholic faith, manifested in the case of the Princess by an almost ascetic piety; but they were always good friends. In the famous cynical saying of Prince Napoleon, Je nc croisqu'emme famine, la niiVmie, there is the truest commentary on her life and his. My acquaintance with Prince Napoleon was , but slight and superficial. I did not perceive • the roughness of manner of which lie was 1 generally accused, and I had personal know ledge of his kindliness to those whose only claim to attention from him was that they were friends of his friends. I owed to him several opportunities of witnessing the great spectacles of a very brilliant period, and 1 was present as a guest on the historical occasion of the theatrical entertainment given by the prince at the Palais' Royal, from which lie was summoned away by the terrible news ot the Orsini attempt .gpon the life of the Em peror and Empress attlie Opera-house, u hat ever his private relations with liis illustrious kinsman may have been, he felt genuine horror and distress that night. With nun the " Imperialist" party comes to an end, ana although the Bonapartefamily is now allien ny marriage with several royal houses, as a family it has ceased to be important or interesting. There is no reason to believe that the younger son of the.latc Prince has any special endow - ments, and Prince Victor has already l>foV£'_ himstlf a failure. Jlespectful sympathy lor Princess Clotilde. emerging front her tctin ment io lend her liushand in his last hour , doing her duty nobly, as she has alua. done, is a general sentiment. The announce ment that the Prince, bos left nieinoirs. tc. be published after the death of the Empres Eugenie, offers a fine prospectot gcssiii i the rising generation, but I doubt wlietii the period of tiie Second Empire will ev er vitally interesting to the reading worlu. would be difficult to define thfe reasons wi . hut the fact is/apparent—the evolution o the last 20.years ha3 relegated the history o the preceding 00 to insignificance. The Queen's two brief visits to Londoi Her Majesty's Drawing-rootes and the com mand" theatricals at Windsor Castle lia been the most marked features of t!'eIr part of the Lent season. second Dravv ing-room was not so brilliant as the . and the cold was intense," although the; shone. Thfe bdugueta earned by the lad at both Drawing-rooms were of vast size, v ery costly. The pretty and graceful fasl of the "posies" which nrevoded for a sli time has been abandoned, and in the ©on tion of these.^°W^M9^tejvhal as a barbarism lias ?been adoptcu m c instances. Stuffed:' -humming - birds are perched upon" tlie Howers ! The same sense less, tasteless, and cruel mode of adornment Was adopted in theif dtess by some ladies— only a few, lam (gladtoaay. The effect of a number of bright- winged bird-oorpsea stuck on the bodioe,;pefticoat, arid train of a court dress is slmplygroteque. . The Empress Frederick employed her time in London in visiting the art exhibitions and other objects- of interest. The unfortunate episode of Her Majesty's visit to Paris has been much exaggerated, but there is no doubt :n iftiropcfailed in "the ^,2. She was so mucli e.v -lyUS BU liiuvii V.* ,liaUKv:nH>on. ^]lcctual ftnd arti8tjc row- by 1"'i;f<(,1' that she did not take pniTi-ia'1!?" /piv 't of ber actions upon the account o) t )<;■e'^'t, e French people. It is penfiitive of royalty that is more one of the »llhlo/ ""sonnaestoftCt on that 111 SSclt for w;a; PorsoitaB luct <■ t tact o11 pro*^' flCO " llt f(,r r0>3 j?~^"pathetic conduct, " put iaili1'!': r!'c';^f0 [lincp," than for minor people. fallil.'le preoi - - „ j n for minor peupm. vourseh m L1'vi weiphted by their bringing ;rhfy are beaMi> . jtis httle wonder up and ™ uS feelings of others, tlint scnsitn "gjCPpti0n of susceptibilities, and a ,&bevondtlieiracquirement.; hG CtfUlliP . • ii.».,irUt -m frmftC to filiouldbeqtiaht e _. tl)0U^lt jn going to The K,nIir?ssJ„i the gratification of her Versailles bej tact and a more taste for ^ -deration would have taste for art, 'J consideration would have 1 rained hnbit ot . , aware thnt the widow made her1 jj the daughter-in-law of of Frederick H gefc foot m t,ie palace of William U ^ . that had witnessed the die French sov ere b . of France as the French soverejgi ror of prance as proclainntion of t the Weror of Sanation was signed and tinn of tllG * ' KronoVi of cood the pro fc »f good Bealed' d exposure to the charge of tnumph taste a»df^„PS. It is absurd to contend jng °vcr Jilpr neople than the French would that no other neop f the Vlglt; for \- at might "Xmmto 'e misunderstand* ^'ThStaa S'" ofAhi' -"'"ff'i J^ r tl cKxhibition at the German capital 8 "n »; deprived of some of tlic best works of W1 ti nt?e produced in this age. Thchm «,rt ''fJvred a good deal in appearance, and press has .ie... ® g t0 the Queen is much ^rkcil but this resemblance exists only remarked, u face; tlie mouth and ' i ^ m-e ^uite uubke the* Queen's. Her Mnptvcame in unexpectedly at the press fnfthe Hoval Institute of Painters in \V'iter < ' dours, and made a tour of the rooms 1 »-t^1 1 iv tlie president and others, She coital i'> l, » d j black, but not in V',:' f '' iC ?' rmd she looked well and „s Sbe talked briskly with the gentle lin in attendance upon her. Iler Majesty Jlifl a great deal of shopping in Lo'ld(?n, quite lusnected by the attendants of whom she made her purchases, and carried away her parcels hi a hired brougham, whose driver Q no notion of her identity. I should think tlie project of an tneomdo visit by the German Kiiiperor to Pal is wi I now lie •ilniidoned, but there is no doubt it had been JSU entertained, and ingenious specula were afloat as to how liis Majesty woujd ontrive to be, or at least to appear to be, m • places at once, the Imperial comings and ■mines being as closely noted and carefu ly recorded as those of the English myal family. Tlie general supposition was that the travelling Kaiser" would announce a yacht w,va<re and so escape the daily chronicle, while lie "did" Paris, with the connivance ■if the police—for no one believes lie could dude tlieir vigilance—unsuspected by the Parisian public. . . , tie hat e some novelties in things theatrical, 1,at none of very great mark. Mr. Haddon Chambers's play, "The Idler, which had so brilliant a success in New 1 orlc, is also doing verv well here, and Mrs. John \\\ ood has made a hit with a farce by Mr. Lumley flier daughter's husband) called " The 1 oleano, and a verv pretty comedietta, adapted^ from ihe Dutch, culled "Spring Leaves." Mr. l'inero's new play, " Lady ltountifulj recent I v produced at the Garrick Theatre, is not so good as most of its predecessors, but it is admirably acted, and the ''staging " is perfect. Mr. Irving has revived Mr. Millss pathetic and prejiosterous play, " Charles I.' Miss Kllen Terry is effective as Queen Hen lietta Maria, but the travesty of history in the piece is so absurd that one cannot really uijov the. acting. The " The at re Libre " is now actually an Knglish institution, under the name of " The Independent Theatre," and Ibsen's most re volting play, "Ghosts," has been offered to the devotees of the " master" in, spite of all tlie denunciations of it. 1 was not present at the performance, and I believe the acting was for the most part good; but I have heard only one sentiment expressed on the subject of the play, and that is disgust. The enforcement of the doctrine of heredity by the representation of a loathsome family history, in which not one of the parties con cerned has any quality to ^command sym pathy and the ugliest sores of human nature are laid bare, is. to my mind, a purpose alto gether unfit for the drama, and absolutely opposed to the lirst principles of art This horrid play is the extreme development of Hsenisni. and ought to put an end to the craze. The next essay in the propagation of the lhsenitc cult will lie the production of "lleihla Giibler" in Mr. Archer's version, with Miss llobins in the title r6lt, and Miss 1-ea in the second part, lioth these ladies being admirable actresses, and Miss Marion llolmis having already achieved a triumph as Umstine in " A Doll's House," we may expect a success so far as they are concerned, but I doubt whether the morbid anatomy of " Hedda Giibicr ' will attract the public any more strongly than that of the other plays already submitted to its judgment. 1 In the world of books there is considerable activity, and Australia is in tlie forefront. • icssrs. \\\ nrd and Downey have just published a ury handsome work, in two large volumes, admirably illustrated, under the title, A 's by Mr. Hume Nisbet, utlior of 1 hi Land of the Hibiscus Blossom, •mi i ls a sbrring narrative of travels Li vcntu''os i'1 Australia and New Guinea, "remarkably interesting work. Shortly \vin .iufrri Messrs. Sampson Low and Co. • publish a translation of a volume bv ,«s entitled " Aux Antipodes," whi i, i ,rc'ncl! globe-trotter, M. Sciiurrer, .... y deals with the Australasian eontiiienh transla It is the tioii of »i< i i v cours? of th(! sPf'ttg a < liibtorvdf ,iUl woric of importance, 'hwmic iwnulaii lfv c'x,1,)lo!'utlou of tbe Egyptian ihore dnv bessilasha and his adventures molatinn"8 sfev?u y('ur8i with very curious will be found l i B-'UVC trade' This ^ iwx'oiiii( ?,f A 'ld-V interesting, especially on General fviaC writdrs close association witli Incidents of'!?"' j? Vnow'ledge of t,ie "6 heroic cloa fc'eaera 8 heroic career and 