THE SOUTH SEAS. BY ROBERT LOOTS STEVENSON. PART II. —LOW ISLANDS. CHAPTER XX. GRAVEYARD STORIES CONTINUED. . It is plain wo have in Europe Btorics of a similar complo.':ion, and the Polynesian varua ino as aitu o le two is clearly the near Idnsinan of tlio Transylvanian vampire. Here is a talo in which the kinship appears broadly marked. On the atoil of Penrhyn, then still Iiartly savage, a certain chief was long the salutary terror of tlio natives. Ho died, he wa3 buried ; and his late neighbors had scarco tasted the delights of license cro His ghost j appeared about the village. Fear seized upon i all ; a council was held of the chief men and j sorcerers, and with the approval of the Karo- tongaii missionary, who was as frightened as ; the rest, and in the presence of several whites i — my friend Mr. Ben Herd being one — tho ! grave was opened, deepened until water j came and tlio body rcintcrred face down, i The still recent staking of suicides in England j and the decapitation of vampires in the East | of Europe form close parallels. I So in Samoa only tho spirits of tho nn- buried awake fear. During tbo late war many fell in tho bush, their bodies, some times headless, were brought back by native pastors oiid interred ; but this (I know not why) was insufficient, and the spirit still ; lingered on the theatre of death. When peace returned a singular scene was enacted in many places, and chiefly round the high gorges of Luatuanuu, where the struggle was long centred, and tlio loss had been severe. Kinswomen of tho dead came carrying a mat or sheet, and guided by survivors of tbo fight, tho place of death was earnestly sought out. The sheet was spu-oad upon the ground, and the women, moved with pious anxiety, sat about and watched it. If any living thing alighted it was twice brushed away. Upon tho third coining it was known to bo the spirit of the dead, was folded in, carried home, and buried besido tho body ; and tlio rites rested. The rite was practised beyond doubt in simple piety ; the repose of the soul was its object- its motive, reverent affection. The present King disowns indeed all knowledgo of a dangerous rite ; lie declares tho souls of the unburiod woro only wanderers in limbo, lacking an entrance to the proper country of the dead, unhappy — nowise hurtful. And this sevoroly classic opinion doubtless repre sents the views of the eidightonod. But the flight of my Lafarolo marks tho grosser terrors of tho ignorant. This belief in the exorcising efficacy of funeral rights perhaps explains a fact other wise amazing, that no Polynesian seems at all to sharo our European dread of human bones and mummies. Of the first they made their cherished ornaments ; they pre- , served them in houses as in mortuary eaves, and the watchers of royal sepulchres dwelt with tlioir children among tho bones of generations. The mummy, even in the making, was as little feared. In the Marque sas, oil the extreme coast, it was made by the household with continual unction and ex posure to tlio sun; in the Carolines, upon the furthest west, it is still cured in tno smoke of the family hearth. Head-hunting, besides, still lives around my doorstep in Samoa, and not 10 years ago, in the Gilberts the widow must disinter, cleanse, polish, and thenceforth carry about her, by day and ; night, the head of her dead husband. In all j these cases we may suppose the powers- whether of cleansing or drying, to liavc fully exorcised the city. But tho Paumotuan belief is more obscure. Hero tho man is duly buried, and lie lias to be watched. He i3 duly watched, and the spirit goes abroad in spite of watches. Indeed, it is not tlio purpose of tbe vigils to pre vent these wanderings; only to mollify by polite attention tbe inveterate malignity of tbo dead. Neglect (it is supposed) may irritate and thus invito his visits, and the aged and weakly sometimes balauec risks, and, like our widows, stay at home. And observe, it is the dead man's kindred and next friends who thus deprecate iiis fury with nocturnal watchiugs. Even tho placa tory vigil is held perilous except in company, and a boy WU3 pointed out to me in Rotoava because lie had watched alone by his own father. Not tlio tics of tile dead, nor yet their proved character, affect tho issue. A , late resident who died in Fukarava of sun stroke was beloved in life, and is still re membered with affection ; none the les3 his spirit went about the island clothed with terrors, and tho neighborhood of Government House was still avoided after dank. Wo may sum up tho cheerful doctrine thus : All men become vampires, and the vampires spares 110110. And hero wo come face to face with a tempting inconsistency. For the whistling spirits arc notoriously clannish j I understood them to wait upon and enlighten kinsfolk only, and that tho medium was always Of the race of the com municating spirit. Here, then, wo havo the bond of tho family, on the ono hand, severed at the hour of death ; on the other, helpfully persisting — possibly for generations. Tho child's soul in the Taliitiau talo was wrapped ill leaves. It is tho spirits of tho newly dead that are the dainty ; when they are slain the house is stained with blood. Rua's dead fisherman was deconipsed ; so — and horribly — was bis arboreal demon. Tho spirit, then, is a tiling material, and it is by tbo material ensigns of corruption that ho is distinguished from the living man. This opinion is widespread, adds a gross terror to the more ugly Polynesian tales, and some times defaces the more engaging with a pain ful and incongruous touch. I will give two examples sufficiently wide apart, one from Tahiti, one from Samoa. And first from Tahiti. A man went to visit tho husband of his sister, then some time dead. In her life the sister hud been dainty ill the island fashion and went always adorned with a coronet of flowers- In tlio midst of the night the brother awoke- and was aware of a heavenly fragrance- going to and fro in tho dark house. The- lamp I must suppose to have burned out ; no Tallitian would have slept without one lighted. Awhile ho lay wondering and delighted: theu called upon tlio rest. "Do none of you smell flowers t" lie asked. " O,'' said liis brother-in-law, "we are used to that here." Tho next morning these two incu went walking and tlie widower con fessed that bis dead wife came about tbe house continually, and that lie liud even. Been hot-. She was shaped and dressed and crowned with flowers us in lier lifetime; only she moved a lew inches above tho earth with a very easy tit-ogress, and flitted dryshod over the surface of tho river. And now comes my point. It was ahvays in a back view that she appeared, and these brothers- in-law, debnlting the affair, agreed that this was to conceal the inroads of cor ruption. Now for the Samoan story. T owe it to tho kindness of Dr. F. Otto Sibrioh, whoso coUeetion of folk-tales I expecti with a high degree of interest. A man in Manua was married to two wives and had ;fto issue. He went to Savuii, married there a third, and was more fortunate. When. liis wife was near her time lie romeinbore/l ho was in a strange island, like a poor nsun ; and when liis child was born lie inpst be shamed for lack of gifts. It: v.fiu in vain liis wifo dissuaded him. He. returned to his father ill Manila, seeking, help.; and with what ho could get ho set /off in tho night to re- embark. Now liis -wives beard of his coming ; they were iuconsoji 1iq did not stay to visit them, and on tho beach, by his canoe, intercepted and slow him. Nw, the third wife lay asleep in Savnii, liter 'babo was born and slept by lior side, and tfbetu'as awakened by the spirit of her laisbaiid. " Get up," lie said ; " my father is -sick in Manila and wc must go to visit him." "It is well," said she ; " take you tbo cliihlj, while I carry its males." " I cannot earijy "the child," said the spirit; " I am too, wold from the pea.' Now, wheu they woro. got on board tlio canoe tbo wifo smelt, carrion. " How is this '!" oho said. " jVhat have you in tho canoe that I should smell carrion V" "It is nothing in the cawoc," raid the spirit. "It is -tho land wind blowing down tho mountain, where momc beast lies dead." It ajipeai-s it was still night w 15011 tiiey reached Manua— tho swiftost passago upon record — and as they entered tlio l-oof tlio halo fires burned in tho village. Again sho asked liim to carry tho child, but now lie need no more dissemble. " I cannot carry your child," said ho, " for I am dead and the fires you see are burning for my funeral." The curious may learn in Dr. Sierich's book the unexpected sequel of tho talo. Here is enough for my purpose, and you will observe that though tlio man was but now dead tho ghost was already putrefied, as I though putrefaction were tlio mark and of the essence of a spirit. The vigil on tho Painmotuau grave does not extend beyond two weeks, and they told mo this period was thought to coincide with that of tho resolution of the body. Tho ghost always marked with decay, tlio danger seemingly ending with tho process of dissolution, here is tempting matter for the theorist. But it will not do. The lady of tlio flowers had been long dead, and her spirit was still sup posed to boar tho brand of perishability. The resident liud been more than a fortnight buried, and liis vampire was still supposed to go the rounds. Of the last state of the dead, from tho lurid Mangaian legend, in which infernal deities harass, and destroy the souls of all, to tho various submarine and ierial limbo3 where tiie dead feast, lloat idle or resume the occupations of their life on earth, it would be wearisome to tell. One' story I give, for it is singular in itself, is woll known in Tahiti, and lias this of interest, that it is jiost-Christian, dating, indeed, from but a few yeara back. A Princess of the reigning house died, was transported to the neighboring islo of Roiatea ; fell there under the empire of a spirit, who condemned her to climb cocoa jiahns all day and bring him the nuts ; was found after some time in this miserable servitude by a second spirit, one of her own house ; and by him, upon her lamentations, reconvcyed to Tahiti, whore she found her body still marked, but already swollen with the approaches of corruption. It is a lively point in the talo that 011 tlio sight of this dishonored tabernacle the Prin cess prayed sho might continue to bo num bered with the dead. But it seems it was too late, her spirit was replaced by tho least dignified of entrances and her Startled family behold the body move. Tho seemingly pur gatorial labors, the helpful kindred spiritand the horror of the Princess at the sight of her tainted body are all points to be remarked. The truth is, the talcs are not necessarily consistent in themselves; and thoy aro further darkened for the stranger by an ambiguity of language. Ghosts, vampires, spirits and gods are all confounded. And yet I seem to perceive that (with exceptions! those whom ive would count gods were not maleficent. Permanent spirits haunt and do murder in corners of Samoa ; but those legitimate gods of Upolu and Savaii, wiioro wars and crickctings of late convulsed society, I did not gather to bo dreaded, or not with a like fear. The spirit of Aana that ate souls is certainly a fearsome inmate ; but the liig'u gods, even of the archipelago, seem even helpful. Maliinui — for whom one conviet-cateehist had been named — tho spirit of the sea, like a Proteus, endowed with endless avatars, came to tho assistance of the shipwrecked and carried them ashore in the guise of a rayfish. The same divinity bore priests from isle to isle about the archipelago, and by liis aid, within the century, persons have been seen to fly. The tutelar deity of each isle is likewise helpful, and by a particular form or wedge-shaped cloud on the horizon announces the coming of a ship. To one who conceives of these atolls, so narrow, so barren, so beset in the sea, here would seem a superfluity of ghostly denizens- And yet there are more. In the various brackish pools and ponds, beautiful women with long red hair are seen to rise and bathe, only (timid as mice) 011 the first sound of feet upon the coral they dive again for ever. Tliey are known to be healthy and harmless living people, dwellers of an underworld ; and the same fancy is current in Tahiti, whore also they have the hair red. Tea is the Tallitian name ; tho Pauuiotuau, llokurea. Even white sailors who ply in tho archi. pelago become infected with superstitions, or what seem to be so. It is possible enough that an atoll may be visible to great distances by the green radiance of the lagoon projected 011 tho atmosphere. That a oioud always in dicates the position of a navigable passago I think we may deny. PART II.— CHAPTER XXL A PEARL ISLAND— l'EXRIIYN. Entrance to IVnrhyn — The Children — The Idiustrels — Shell and Wreck — Wages— iilasnurs. In the lagoon of Fakarava tlioro was little jiearl shell and there wore many sharks. I know not: if the rahui, or closure, was ap plied ; at least, there was 110 iisliing, and it seemed unfit to leave the archipelago of jjearls and have no sight of that romantic industry. On all other side3 were isles, if I could only roach lihcm, where divers woro at work ; but Captain Otis, properly enough refused to approach them with the Casoo, and my attempts to Uiro another vessel failed. The last was upon Francois' cutter, where she lay drawn up from her late shipwreck. She might be compared for safety to a New York catboat fortified with a bowsprit and -a jib, and as I studied her lines and spars, desire to sail ill her upon tbe high seas departed froin my mind. " ./e le peneaitt bien," said Francois, which may be idiomatically rendered, " I told you so." Nearly two years had passed before I found myself in the trading steamer Janet Nicoll, heading for tho entrance of Penrhyn or Tougarowa. I11 front the line of the atoll showed like a narrow sea wall of bare coral, whore the surges broke; 011 either hand tlio treo tops of a motu showed some way oil'; ono, the site of the chief village ; the other, then empty, but now ill. j habited and known by the ill-omened name ! of Molokai. We steamed through tlio pass, and were instantly involved amidst a mul tiplicity of coral lumps, or horses' heads, as tliey are called by sailors. Through the3e our way meandered; we would have a horse's head athwart the bows, one astern, ono upon either board ; and the tortuous fairway was at times not more than twice the vesset's beam. Tho Janet was besides an iron ship ; half the width of tiio Pacific severed us from tho next yard of reparation ; one rough contact, and our voyage might be ended, and ourselves consigned to liuif a year of Penrhyn. Oil tlio topgallant fore castle stood a native pilot, used to conning ! smaller sbip3 and unprepared for tlio re sources of a steamer ; his cries rang now with agony, now with wrath. The best man was at tlio bridge wheel and Captain Henry, with one hand 011 the engine signal, one trembling towards tlio steersman juggled his long ship among thesu dangers with the jiatieut art of ono fitting up a watch, with the swift decision of a general in a field. I stood by, thrilling at once with tlio excitement of a personal adven ture, and tho admiration duo to perfect skill. We were presently at anchor in a singular berth, boxed all about, our late ontrauco our future exit not to lie discovered ; ill front the lagoon, whore I counted tlio next day upwards of SO horses' lieads in easy view ; behind, the groves of tho isle and tlio crowded houses of tho village. Many boats lay there at moorings ; in the verandah folks were congregated gazing at tlio ship, children were swimming from tho shore to board ua and from the lugoon, before a gallant breeze, other boats came skimming homeward. Tlio boats were gay with white sails and bright jiaiut, tho 111011 were elad in red and blue, tliey were garlanded with green leaves, or gay with kerchiefs, and tho busy niany- oolored scene was framed in tbe verdure of tbo palms and the opal of t'no shallow sea. It was a pretty picture, and its prettiest element the cumiug of the children. Every here and there we saw a covey of black heads upon the water. Boys and girls, they had stripped oft' tiicir gaily-colored kilts. S01110 held tlio kilt aloft in ono baud as they swam, others had ombarked it on a piece of wreck Buch as then abounded on tho island, and thrust in front of them that little ship and its bright cargo. I studied, with inexpres sible entertainment, tho carnival of one company of girls. A boat lay along side, on board of which a young lady (ugod about eight) laboriously clambered, her raiment in her hand, ready for instant ap plication. It was a delicate task adroitly achieved, and island decency was perfectly observed. Tho rest was easier. As each of her companions clambered up, the first ad venturess stood with a kilt extended, like a prudent mother; and the emergent naiad was enrobed. Soon tliey trooped up the aide-ladder, a healthy, comely company of kilted children ; and bad soon taken post upon the after hatch, where they sat in j a doublo row, singing with solemn 1 energy. Fort of tho hatch was open ; boxes and . bales and broken j shell were all about tlicm ; boxes and bales | swung on a tackle past their faces and abovo their heads ; no man regarded them ; but the conscientious artists paused not in their per formance, and the sound of their young voices and their clapping hands now rose i abov.c, and v/us new drowned by, the clatter of working cargo. This inimitablo seriousness at first at tracted me, and I became their slave. A girl of 11 or 12 was my especial com mandant. I could not say sho was pretty, but she was highly attractive ; alive with energy and sense ; sang her songs as if life depended on them ; and with the note of a young seold marshalled and corrected her companions. My fidelity was precious in their eyes ; even by the artists of Penrhyn some shadow of a public is de sired. Mj' young mistress, if I sought to withdraw, hoarsely forbade and imperiously signed mo to my place ; and so soon as I had sat down, the sirens would launch on a new song, apparently regardless of my pre sence. Their repertory and their dili genco amazed me. All the afternoon and most of the next day, tho shrill but pleasing concert was prolonged. To sing appeared not so much a pleasure as tho acknowledged end of man's exist ence. Tliey woro glad enough, for a pass ing moment,- to observe the curiosities of the ship. Tliey were glad onough to accept ana stow under their kilts my offerings of goodies, tobacco and ship's bread ; but tho curio regarded, tho gift shared, down they sat again with a fresh appetite to minstrelsy. The leader roused with a glauco her little baud, the hands clapped together and the song was raised. They were exceedingly well-behaved. If I had passed a girl over) my mistress pounced on me at once ; just- minded little scold, she would accept no favor for herself (except onec or twice a goody) that was not equally shared with all her comrades. Although she thus odered me about, and even shook and punched me, it was with 110 real presumption, only tlio pretty freedom of a girl that knows herself in favor, and when I had anything to forbids a shade of intonation secured obedience. My minstrels were the best thing on Pen rhyn, wliieli indeed attracted us but little. Tlio boys who came on board were rowdy fellows ; tliey pillaged the swill tub, they pursued and robbed each other of the fruits of robbery. The deck was filled, and some times our concert almost overwhelmed by their alarms and excursions. Tho grown folk were diffident and jeering ; we thought thoy had a savage air, and their reputation fitted with their looks. As for the isle, it was an atoll. We had seen loo many of them; hackney cabs have more variety than atolls. The village had a rough, unkempt appear ance of prosperity, possibly we saw it to its disadvantage, for it extends from the lagoon to the sea side and a part of it was recently levelled by the sea ; perhaps, too, the ill-tended church and the unweeded green were marks of a more sad calamity, for. although then wo knew it not, the place was plague-struck. All that was hero and that could bo called wealth came from the sea. Fearl-shell and wreck wood were everywhere. On one side of the trader's house tliey were weighing shell ; 011 the other was a yard of stacked timber that bad never grown upon that island; between, 011 tho verandah, the figurehead of the lost ship stood sentinel, a very white and haughty lady. Roman-nosed and dressed in the costume of the directory, contume- Uously, with head thrown back, she gazed on the house and tho crowding natives. There was a piano in tho sitting-room, but the poor instrument had suffered in the ship wreck, and when the notes were struck, re plied at random. Yet another waif from that disaster was a lad of my own land and city, anil I thought it strange to stand by the figure-head, in the tropic sun, beset by a throng of Fenrliyu Islanders, and be talking of tiie Glasgow-road, the Haymarket station and tiie huge distillery. It is the worst of a pearl island, that when a ship arrives tho diving ceases, unless tho traveller lie come to say tlio return of the boats and tho piles of shell are all that he will see of pearling. But tlio heats themselves are eloquent. Tho flotilla of I'enrhyii must have cost a pretty penny ; the same may bo said of Mauihiki ; and indeed it is hard to over estimate the wealth of tho inhabitants. A good diver at Penrhyn can make one, two or even three pounds a day : the least oj them seems equivalent to opulence at homo. Yet I am told the houses of good divers are notoriously poor, and tiiay and their families often meanly dressed. When the man touches iiis pay, he goe3 directly into tiie the store, with a following or the incom petent and idle, come to sponge. This is his reward, for this he labors, to be the centre of some minutes' admiration and gratitudo before the trader's counter; and lie will sometimes return to his homo and family empty-handed, all having gone in largesse. Wo may smiic at his ideal, but this, too, is popularity, and what is tiie reward of Mr. Gladstone? Applause at a Scotch railway station is not to be essentially distinguished from acclamation in a Penrhyn Island store. Hero at least is a straugo variety of Poly nesian character. The Penriiyn Islander is industrious as a Paumotuan and inoro pro digal than tho Samoan. But evcu his pro digality is energetic ; ho gives, Gcatter. iug wealth publicly and with certain rapture. The Samoan only suffers him self to bo drained by trafficking connec tions, escaping when ho can, lamenting when I10 cannot. Tho tongue of Penrhyn is said to present affinities with old Paumo tuan, and the rongh and lawless manners of the race suggest a similar connection. Till recently the isle was counted danger ous ; blood lias been shed often, and when natives quarrel with a trader, they will boast of his predecessors' whom they slew. I could hear, within mans memory, of but one chief who had maintained authority, and ho with stripes, binding offenders to a treo aud lashing tliein with liis own band. With turbulent women ho was very sharp, and perhaps one of these took a post mortcin vengeance, for this was tiie same chief who rose again and was l-o-buriod prone. At tho main village law is to-day respected. 'The law3 wero brought 011 board as soon as we anchored, exhibiting a goodly list of lines, soino wise, some fantastically funny, and our cook, having gone ashore late, found himself a prisoner at enrfew, and was not suffered to leave tho Iioubo till morning. AU the while at tlio other sido of tlio atol1 tlie people lived in mere misrule, and fighting| particularly combats of women, was frequent. Tho women of Peiiryhn are still great belli gerents. When my little mistress is grown up she should bo a woman of her hands. Poor little mistress ! where is she now 1 where aro iny minstrels ? Thcro was a cloud upon their island. They sang that day under its shadow ; it lias burst Sinco then. | . The World says, with regard to tlie Emperor of Germany in England .- — " Tho State banquet at Windsor was admirably served, ami the menu had wisely beeii re duced to reasonable proportions. The Emperor appeared most to enjoy the bisque d'eerevisses uux quenelles, the haunch of venison, the l-oast beef and the Charlotte Riisso aux fraiaes. Ilia Majesty drank Rhine wino at dinner- und Apollinaris water, and afterwards he took a bumper of the Queen's famous Madeira, finishing up with a glass of Tokay, like liis grandfather, the Princo Con sort, who always concluded with Tokay, of which iier Majesty possesses a unique collar." 