THE TUBF. Notes by « Martindale.' On -all points the programme put forth by the Warwick Farm Eaoing Club for to- morrow's meeting is a most attractive one. Mr. Bowe very wisely cut bis regulation 400 sove up amongst five events'. It is. quite enough for this season of the year, and that he lost nothing by it is shown by the fact that he received a total of 141 nominations. We may thus expect numerous fields — not a good thing tor either 'books'7 or 'backers.' The latter are afraid to take a short price about a horse, consequently the betting is nothing like so brisk as when a field of about eight face the flag. The train service will con sist of a special f 6i horses at 10.50 a.m. ; second-class 12, a nret-cl&SB; at 12 25 and 12.40, and a mixed train at 1.18 pan. The first race is timed to start at 2 pjn., and the last at 4.30 j and as there is a short interval for luncheon, no time will be cut to waste. The bom- rows of the day opens with the living Handicap, of 6 furlongs, which may be won by Telephone or Hover, while of the others Pride and Voltigenr may run well. If started, old Strephou should win the Auc tion Stakes. The Autumn Handicap looks like pro ducing a good race. Trideidane has been placed at the head of the list with 9st 31b, not too much if the good-looking daughter of Somnns is in the humor, seeing that in March last she carried 9st and won easily from Warrego 7st 71b and Alasquis. Sat 21b. Eepoee should ran well forward, as also Moscow and ' Avenger. Dampier and AJasquin may also rua well, bat Tridentine looks to be the best of the lot. The winner of the Nursery Handicap may come from Son shine, Marplot, and Theodare; while Manon, Pride, and Telephone look the pick of the long list in the Pace Welter. From Melbourne I learn that the Hon. W. Pearson has engaged T. Eawlings as private trainer. Bow lings should be well fitted for the position, ha-ring had a lengthy experience with snah trainers as Dowlmg, Dakin, and Whitty. Eawiings will, be located at juhnany Park. According to recent exchange, one of the effects of the French law stopping betting on horse races is already apparent. At a recent sale of blood horses the amount received was 40 per cent, below the value, and the falling1 off is attributed entirely to the depression is racing circles caused by-fche suppression of betting. Mr. T. J. Bonrke has lost a good old servant in the curiously-marked chestnut horse Yankee Grab, by Lottery. Old Yankee Grab was a good one over the fences, winning last season at Wyndham, Williams tows, azzd G&olfield.; It appears that the horse was tuned out for a spell in a paddock at Scoresby, and was found dead is a creek. According to the latest news from West Aus tralia, a race club has been formed at Fremsntle. The first race meeting is down to take place on Jnne 1, when the leading event will be the Erem&utJe; Cop, of 30 sovs, 2 miles. ' - ? It appeared quite a pleasure to Mr. M. Scale, the secretary of Canterbury Park, to be bustling round from gate to gate yesterday with that leather bag, collecting the nimble shillings paid for admission by the public to the pretty little .course. . The proprie tary have not had such & successful day's pony racing for a great length of time, if ever before. They started off with a record of 111 entries for the six events, and as. 83 of these. started, the fields averaged 14 far each event. This was very satisfactory, and then tho racing was really excellent, as with the ftxeepuou or one event tee contests were ail seen. Myee secured the Flying Handicap after a rattling filial beating the hnrdle race Srace by a neck, with Vortex a good, third. Maltese, who went out an. even money favorite for the. Miniature Handicap, fairly cantered home with Set on her back. She is a wonderfully good pony, and well up to weight. The Park Handicap gave a rattling finish, there being only heads between the first three horses ; Skylark, who went out at 10 to 1, landing the money. As usual, the Distance Handicap Trot proved an. unsatis factory event. A horee called Long Roper was made favorite, but he cat such a sorry figure in the race that after Nea had won easily from scratch the ste wards interviewed the parties concerned, and dis qualified the horse, rider, and owner for 12 months. The game little Geebung won the Pony Handicap cleverly, and the unbacked Empress secured the Galloway Handicap, which concluded a most enjoy able afternoon's sport. May U is the date fired upon by Mr. J. T. Cars lake (Mr. Tommy Jones) for the clearing sale of race horses at his stables1, CaulfieM. Messrs. W. C. Tuillo and Go. will conduct the sale. Amongst the lots to be submitted will be Ben Bolt, Cocramin, and Doncaster. According to the Tastnanian correspondent of the Sfobtsxan, the totalisator busmesa ia the tobacco* lusts' shops has become snoh a nuisance that an effort is being made to put it down. The Attorney- General, in reply to a deputation, has promised to legislate in that direction ; and no one who sees the places referred te, -crowded with youths and. boys when any raoe meeting-, either local or across the water, is on, can doubt, for a moment, that it is getting beyond all reasonable bounds. The machines have assisted our racing ctaba in a marked degree, and few object to them in their place, but there is a medium in all things. . ? : About one of the unlnokiest fillies that have raced for same time was undoubtedly the chestnut Sophy, by EjDgborongh, from Czarina, owned by Mr. *£. Sampson. During the last two racing seasons she carried her Wner's colors in 13 races and failed to score a win. Growing-, fast she was put into -the paddock, - and only recently put into work. She had grown into a fine mare and good things were anticipated of her. -One morning at Band wick she broke away, and before being caught met with serious injury. This ehe had just recovered from, but while out exercising on April 28, in Bourke-street, ahe had. the misfortune to break her leg, and was at on.ee destroyed. About her best performance was running third withSst 61b in the Boyal Stakes of 1883, was by Sedition. ' ? Yellow Jacket has been scratched for his Warwick Farm engagements. : October 22 and 23 are the dates upon which the committee of the Singleton Jockey Club have decided' to bold their next annual race meeting. The raoe meeting held yesterday at Green's Guny ah was a fairly aaceeeef ul one. Someday won the Trial Stakes, Grey light the Gunyah and Flying Handicaps, ^dule Someday secured the Selling Eace, and Friend less got home in the Hack Eace. The event of the season in Wamiamfrool ? is fhe . Handicap Steeplechase. It is run for 'over a natural course, and took place yesterday; Mr. D. McDonald's Shaneen winning, with Mr. J. M'Kenna'e Dandy second, and Mr. J. M'GninnesB's Zdleika third. ; At tie race meeting held yeBterday at The Bock, the good-looking May Day won the double — Kingston and Plying Handicaps. The useful Hiawatha won the Welter Handicap ; while Ghost got home first ever the hnrdlea ; and Joe Grixnaldi the Consolation Stokes. The jQseta Jockey dub bsve assned a programme of five ©vests, to be ran off on Hay 25. The principal fuuodtoap will receive 80 sovs. 