CURRENT TOPICS THE Master Warden at yesterday's meeting of the Marine Board called atten tion to the neglect of many of the masters of small crafts plying on the Tamar in not showing lights, as provided for in the regulations, after nightfall when they happened to be under sail or anchored in the stream. The certificate of one offender in this respect was yesterday suspended for a month, and it is probable if any fresh instances of neglect in this direction are reported legal proceedings will be instituted against whoever is concerned: THE followingreference to the Tasmanian Exhibition is made in the Sydnesy Wool and Produce Journal of July 4:--The Exhi bition to be opened in Launceston at the end of this year is. not, as some suppose, a private enterprise; but is being arranged under the auspices of the Tasmanian Government. His Excellency the Governor is patron, the Ministry of Tasmania are vice-patrons, and the executive commis sioners comprise most of the leading men of the colony. The building in which it is to be held is now nearing completion, and when finished will, with the annexes, pro vide ample accommodation for all the exhibits expected. Every effort is being made to ensure a successful result, and a special feature of the Exhibition will be the wool section, in which it is to be hoped all the colonies will be fully represented. M. Jules Joubert is the general manager, and agents have been appointed in Europe as well as in each of the Australian capitals. Tna Tasmanian A. and P. Association prize paper by Mr T. Bogarth on "Rota tion of Cropping" will be published in Saturday's Tasmanian. "Loox before you leap" is an old pro- verb which may be applied with advan- tage to ordinary business transactions, especially when it is necessary for those interested to attach their signatures to documents containing the terms of the contracts which they enter upon; and in these days of energetic book agents, who are proverbially eloquent in the praise of the works which they are engaged to sell, those who are easily led to purchase should make themselves thoroughly familiar with the terms of any agreement placed in their hands before consenting to append their names thereto. It may possibly be deemed unnecessary to give a word of advice to business men in this respect, but recent cases which have been heard in the Court of Requests here have shown that there is a distinct tendency to carelessness on the part of a few of those who have contracted for the purchase of the work known as the "Picturesqne Atlas of Aus- tralil," the defence invariably being that promise wasS made by the agent who ob- tained the signature of the purchaser that he was only signing for a single part. Of course, in the face of the agreement pro- duced in court, which expresses in language that can be easily understood by any person of ordinary discernment, that the complete set of numbers must be taken, and that no agent is authorised to contract for the sale of a single number, the jury could only bring in a verdict for the com- pany. The statement made by any person that his signature has not been obtained legitimatelybcan haveno weight when it is proved that the document hears his name, and that there has not been a forgery com- mitted, the general rule in law being that the terms of a written agreement cannot be varied by any alleged verbal understand ing which is contrary to it. All this gods to show that a little attention to matters of detail, and the exercise of a judicious discretion would prevent a great deal of litigation and expense. TRULY the Americans are an inventive people. The mere enumeration of the patents issued every year at Washington would fill a volume of moderate dimen- sions. It has been estimated that if a man had the means and the inclination to provide himself with one- half the " in dispensable" Yankee notions that are re- commended for the pocket, a large wheelbarrow would be needed for their carriage. Among the latest American inventions is a device for automatically shuffling cards, which affords protection against the arts of professional sharpers. Another is called the " Little gem" pocket savings bank, made to fit any size of small coin, convenient for the pocket. The inventor remarks that " it is surprising to what extent it is utilised in saving small change and in preventing those who carry it from carelessly spending what they have been wont to consider a trifle. When the amount of coin which the bank contains has been reached its owner begins to realize that the "penny saved is a penny earned." As at present made the bank will hold 50 coins of a diameter equal to or less than an American 10 cent piece, no matter in what country they have been coined. A coNTsunTuro to the Paris Figaro tells a wonderful story of his having visited a little town in England during race week, and finding every inn and lodging- house in the place so full of visitors that his only resource seemed to be to pass the night w la belle soiln. As a last chance, however, he addressed himself to a policeman, who made i sign to him to follow, and con ducted him to a house of sinister appear ance down a narrow court, where doubtful characters could be seen passing and re passing in the dusk. An old hag, crooning over a fire, got up at their entrance, and with a smoky lamp lighted them upstairs into a big square room, in which a dozen dark forms were stretched upon the floor. Suddenly the new-comer caught sight of the shiniog barrel of a revolver that lay handy near one of the sleepers, and in stinctively he made towards the door. But his conductors and the lamp had disap peared. He laid himself down in his clothes upon a mattress, with his hand in the pocket that contained hisportemonnaia, but naturally enough could not sleep a wink for fear of his bed-fellow jumping up and demanding his money or his life. He listened now and then, as one or the other stirred, but they were fast asleep. At break of day the tall figures rose up and began to chat with one another, and then the nervous stranger found out that he had been passing the night surrounded by policemen. A wr?ae must he an inveterate advertiser r (writes "Atticus" in the Leader) who does not slacken his efforts in the presence of death. Dr. Beaney's will is a testament that should make the shade of Barnum feel more shady than ever, and cause the ghost of Holloway to extinguish itself in oint ment. There is a touch of genius in aman bequeathing £1000 to the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury Cathedral con . ditional on his name being posted up in the aisle for all time, and ordering that the money shall be kept from them if they decline to be bribed. Then all the scholarships throughout the world are to be ticketed with the distinguished cognomen, as also the institute for working men, where are to be enshrined the "medical diplomas, military decora tions, illuminated addresses, certificates, licences, testimonials (including, I pre. sume, those purchased and paid for by the deceased, though ostensibly given by grateful patients), gold medals, together wa ith crest, scrap book, two volumes of Men of lthe Time, a photograph of the testator in fancy dress, his gold (over again) and silver medals, several portraits of himself in oils," etc., etc. To what a pinnacle of self con- ceit a poor human creature must attain before he would venture to have a docu- ment of this sort to be read over his mouldering corpse ! A conIous syndicate is about to be formed in London in order to exploit the marvellous " weather plant" which is new to be seen at the Crystal Palace. It is claimed for this plant that it not only foretells the weather from three to six weeks in advance, but accurately foretells earthquakes, min ing explosions, and other sources of income to the daily papers. There is only one man now living who understands the plant, and he is a termnan; but he will undertake, it is said, to instruct an assistant, so that his secret may not die with him. The syndi cate is limited to 20 members, who arec to I put up .£20 each. and it is believed that the profit will probably be enormous. Tsn cable has informed us of the issue of a decree expellhng all foreign Jews from Southern Russia. This order is not stringently applied to the richer Jews, who can bribe the police to leave them un molested, but it is enforced against all the poorer Jews, and thousands of these from Odessa and the whole provinceof Kherson, as well as from the Crimes, are now making preparations to emigrate to Palestine. T''hey are doing this in despair. To most of them the edict of expulsion is entence of utter ruin. Even well to do tradesmen find themselves unable to sell stock and plant with the goodwill of their respective businesses ata few weeks' notice, so, having realised what little money they can, they are making for the nearest laud of refuge-that is,Turkey. 1 Remeu hering the grandiloquent preach ments of Russia in favour of religious tolerance at the time of the last russo Turkish war, it is curious to find Turkey offering an asylum to-day to Russia's religious outcasts. Fon some time past the oficials of the Marine Board have had reasonto complain of the constant theft of lines from the life buoys placed at intervals around the wharf. At yesterday's meeting of the board the Master Warden called attention to the matter, intimating that it was hard to think there were some people in the com munity mean enough to purloin the rope from buoys provided for the express purpose of saving life. The offence could not altogether be attributed to the lads about the wharf, for it was suspected certain adults knew something about the matter. The board resolved to offer a reward for the conviction of the thief or thieves, and to draw the attention of the I police to the circumstances. A~Rc.C is the country of big syn c, ates. A number of wealthy Americans 5have recently combined to complete the railway communication between Brazil and Bolivia, the concessions secured from the Governments consisting of a tract of land 10 miles wide for the entire length of the line, through a country which is described as abounding in rich rnatural resources. AT the City Police Couit yesterda Messrs E. Whitfeld, J. Steer, and B. P. yo Farrelly, J.'sP. presided. Superintendent or Coulter proceeded against Walter Price da on a charge of having on the 9th inst. th organised in the city a procession repre- senting a convict gang, and causing them to parade through Brisbane, Wellington, and York streets without having pre- viously obtained the consent in writing of the Mayor or Town Clerk, contrary to by- law No. 66. Mr G. C. Gilmore ap- peared for the defendant. The evidence of George Martin and Charles Lewis, two members of the gang, was taken on behalf of the prosecution. The testimony as to the defendant having engaged these men to march was somewhat contradictory. Mr Gilmore, for the defence, contended the by-law was practically ultra vires, and that is was absurd to urge that four men could constitute a procession. The bench held that the breach was not a serious one; however, it would be well to point out that such processions must not take place without the proper authority first being obtained. A nominal fine of ls without costs was imposed.-Joseph Huston was charged with having on the 10th inst. per- mitted after 10 p.m. a female other than his wife to be in the bar of the Laun- ceston Hotel contrary to Act 53 7 Vict., No. 37, section 88. Defendant pleaded I1 guilty,and was fined 10s and costs.— One drunkard was fined Gs, in default 24 hours' imprisonment.-Lily Anderson was fined 10s, in default three days' im- prisonment, for having been drunk and disorderly in Patterson-street, on Monday. -Joseph Price pleaded guilty to having on the 29th ultimo. driven a horse and chaise cart across the intersection of Wel- lington and York streets, at other than a walking pace, and was fined Ss.-George F. Milberry, charged with having left a horse and cab, of which he was the driver,without sufficient control,in Charles-street,was fined c 58 with costs.-Clara Woods was charged with having on Tuesday morning last stolen 12s from the person lof Peter Thompson. The evidence of the prosecutor was to the effect that on Monday night he permitted the accused to find shelter in his house. Towards yesterday morning he heard his bedroom door open and the accused appeared and asked for a drink. Witness told her to get a drink at the river. When he arose he found that 12s had been taken from his pocket. The bench sentenced the accused to one week's imprisonment. Aw the sheep show recently held at Sydney, in the class for ewes under 24 years Mr W. H. Gibson, of Fairfield, Tasmania, took first, second, and champion prizes, the last being given on. 93 points. In ewes uhder 18 months, shorn, Mr W. H. Gibson was first with 87 points for a owe by King Billy, and Mr Vincent Dowling was second with 752 points. In strong combing ewes, Mr Dowling took three firsts and three seconds, in one case scoring 78; points. Being the owner of the champion ewe in the grass-fed section, he took the Sydney Morning Herald's prize of £10. The prizes offered by the Union Mortgage and Agency Company--£5 5o and £3 3s-were taken by Mr W. H. Bennett, of Bloomfield, Tas- mania, with pens of five excellent ewes. In the class for rams under 2s years, Mr Thomas Gibson, of Esk Vale, Tasmania, was first, second, and champion, with two admirable sheep showing great length and quality of fleece, the covering below being more than ordinarily perfect. The champion, a son of Pilgrim Second, scored 91 points, being only 9 points below per- fection. The second ram had 821 points. OnDINARILT the proceedings at the Court of Requests are very unsnteredting, but during the hearing of the cast the Pic- turesque Atlas Company versus Francis Loekie, which was brought on yesterday, the people in court were considerably amused by the energetic way in which the defendant conducted his case. He had fevidently posted himself well in what he considered the leading features of the legal side of the points at issue, and, after the plaintiff's story was told, produced from a bulky-looking parcel a small pocket book, from which he proceeded to read an extract which he had made from an authority which he had consulted to prove, as he said, that his signature had not been obtained in a legitimate manner to the document produced in court. " But where is the book ?" asked the Commissioner; " I am afraid I cannot allow you to read an t extract from a volume unless it is pro- duced. Is it a standard work ?" " Of course it is " said the defendant, " why it is as large as this (picking up a volume from the table), It is Beeton's." The counsel for the plaintiff murmured something about " Beeton's Cookery Book," and the Com- missioner suggested that such a book could hardly be a recognised legal authority. The defendant, however, was certain that it was a standard authority, and offered to leave the court and fetch it. This was objected to, and the case proceeded. Mr Lockie then read an extract from a Tas manian act in Isupport of his argument that the plaintiff company had neglected to have painted upon the premises of the agent the nature of the business of the company, and contended that this was not legal, "But,", said Mr Miller, "'that act does not apply to Sydney, where the com pany carry on business." " Yes; it does," ejaculated the defendant, "it applies to all the British colonies." This announce meat was received with loud laughter, and the Commissioner pointed out that his best course was to bring an information against the company at the police court; such a complaint could not be heard by him as Commissioner. A. verdict was returned for the amount claimed, £10 10s, notwith standing the strong defence. Ma BERNAeD S.w's annual report on the penal establishments shows that at the a end of December last there were in custody at Hobart 125 males, 17 females; total, 142\. Launceston, 24 males, 8 females; total 22. The respective totals in 1889 were Hobart 126, and Launceston 63. The total number received and discharged during 180 was :-Hobart, 570 received, 554 discharged; Launceston, 508 received, S539 discharged. The sheriff remarks that it is peculiarly gratifying to point to the fact that with an increasing population decrease of criminals continues. The value of the labour performed at the penal Sestablishments is set down at £1827 4s 8d for Hobart, and £676 8s Id for Launceston. Cash received for articles supplied came to £4967 14s 4d, and deducting £4162 ls 3d as cost of material ssed, the cash balance representing profit is £805 13s ld. The average cost of each prisoner, after allow ing for work performed for other depart ments, but not including work for the gaol, , was, in Hobart, £80 Is 6d, and in Launces ton, £35 98 81d. A MAN named George Coburne, a labourer employed by Mr C. B. Grubb, Strathroy, Smet with anaccident yesterday which re sulted in his death. It appears that he was Sgoing upstairs to his room, and when near Sthe landing he by some means missed his footing and fell to the bottom, and when picked up he was dead. An inquest will I be held at Strathroy to-day. AN unclaimed telegram addressed Mr SChas. Hills, Launceston, is lying at the local telegraph-office awaiting an owner. t Tarx Government Statistician's report for June last shows that during the month 151 births-72 males and 79 females-were registered in the registration districts of Hobart and Launceston. This shows an increase of 11 births as compared with the ycorresponding month last year; and is identical with the average of the births registered in June during the last five eyearly period. To every 1000 of the a population of the two districts the propor tions of births registered were as follows: . --For Hobart, 2"59; for Launceston, 2'99; e all, 2"75. The deaths registered in June in Hobart and Launceston numbered 106 s 65 males and 41 females; 89 deaths, or 86"80 per cent. of the whole, took s lace in public institutions. The t.lotal number of deaths registered Sin the two districts during June Sis more than that for the correspond Sing month last year by 34, and shows an Sincrease of 16 as compared with the a average number of deaths registeredin r June during the last five-yearly period. a To every 1000 of the population of the respective divisionstheproportions of deaths registered were as follows:--Hobart, 1'94; Launceston, 1-45; all, 1-93. The births and deaths numbered in the country dis Stricts during June last are thus given: North- Eastern-Births, 569; deaths, 19. North-Western, 93-24; Midland, 40-12; South- Eastern, 57-24; South-Western, S20-4. All country dsstricts--Births, 269; deaths, 83. For 1890 the totals were 284 85, and for 1889 they were 243- 64. Oun Burnie correspondent reports :-The young man Samuel Barker, who was run over by the team he was driving a few days ago, and sustained severe injuries of the leg, died on Tuesday evening from blood-poisoning. Dr. Armitage was in attendance, and did all he could for the poor fellow, but without avail. The de ceased leaves a wife and two young children for whom much sympathy is felt here. EMANUEL OLIVEn , better known as the manager of the Anglo-American Watch Company, and also as a central figure with Newton, a travelling Yankee jeweler, when he visited Hobart, has been arrested at Waratah (says the Mercury) on a charge of I obtaining money by means of valueless i cheques. Several people are anxious to see him again, but the fi-st charge preferred against him by the police will be that of obtainining .£5 from Theophilus Pollard in the manner described. MlEBsns Salisbury, Scott, and Co. are engaged in the completion of a large amount of general engineering work, and and at their workshops the finishing touches are beinbi given to a large multitubular steel boiler intended for use in Messrs J. and T. Gunn's new mill at the wharf. A sacrcAL service will be held in St. John's Church this evening, commencing at 7"30 o'clock, when the Rev. R. Nugent i Kelly will be inducted by the Bishop of Tasmania. To-morrow evening a social I will be held in St. John's school-room, at 8 p.m., to welcome the new incumbent. MAJoa DANs, the well-known lecturer, I is announced to deliver three addresses in this city during the present month. The first of these will be given in the Mechanics' i Institute on Friday, 24th inst., the subject being " Heroines of history." On the' 28th he will deliver his celebrated lecture " Up the Rhine," and on August 4 he is to intro i duce his new address on General Gordon. It inE usual weekly meeting of the Laun d ceston Parliamentary Debating Society d will be held in the Mechanics' Institute t this evening. The debate on the public r works statement will be concluded, and Mr Er . G. Miller will introduce the Australian e Commonwealth Bill, and an interesting s debate is expected to follow. . Ten N.T. Coursing Club's meeting has been c. adjourned from the 15th to the 23rd inst. A SPECIAL MEETING of G.N.O.F.G. lodge, a No. 22, will be held this evening. Wre have to acknowledge receipt from SMesrs Waloh Bros. and Birchall of No. 19 of " ''The Australian Melodist," which was noticed in our columns afew days ago. at NorTING has equalled the success that has re attended the use of Quibell's Infallible Disin a, feetant in Victoria in every hospital and public Institutionsand railway-station, for preventing sfever, typhoid, for the oure of influenza, for old sores, wounds, the bath; for every sanitary n and healing purpose it has no equal. For g children's bath it sweetens, purifies, is healthy. d Influenza in Melbourne was kept in check s, wherever Quiboll's disinfectant was used. ,o Bottles, Is id ; gallon drums, 8s. HATTON AND LAws, Chemists; or W. HART AND SoN, Launceston. HOLLOWAY's PILLS. - When inclement U weather checks to a considerable extent the es action of the skin, an alterative is required to sy compensate the body by means of other chan y nels. Holloway's Pills can be confidently re s- commended as the easiest, surest, and safest [n teans of attaining this desirable end without lr weakening the most delicate or incommoding the most feeble. When from frequently recur r ring chills or the inhalation of impure air the 0 blood becomes foul and the secretions vitiated, d these pills present a ready and efficient means sg of cleansing the former and correcting the latter. te By this salutary proceeding disease is arrested d at its outset, its pains and inconveniences r. averted, antd the nervous structures saved from the depressing effects entailed upon them by an rt illness, 