THE INDIAN WAR. THE GHOST DANCE DESCRIBED. The ghost dance has seldom been witnessed by a white man; but an American paper de scribes one of them as seen from a distance by an enterprising contributor, who persuaded a friendly half-breed to take him to the spot. The camp in question was situated in a hollow between a narrow belt of hills. Many of the Sioux are farmers and freighters, and their waggons were corralled in the middle of the valley. Some of the older braves and squaws, who have never reconciled themselves to modorn ways* had tonts apart. The oxen, pigs, and poultry were cooped or tethered on the outskirts of the camp. The danco began at dark; and though the old squaws had care fully raked out the fires, a blaze arising from them now and then revealed the fact that the braves wero in full war paint. The warriors formed in rows at the eastern end of the camp, thoso in front kneeling, with the. young bucks and squaws standing behind them. At this point there was a pause of about ten minutes, during which perfect silence and absolute immobility prevailed. Then the old squaws joined hands and knelt down in tho centre of the valley. They began chanting what sounded like a dirge, varied by savagely triumphant yell?. Tho warriors advanced, and, joining hands in a large cirole behind the old squaws, they began the ghost dance. They, too, chanted a dirge, but less shrilly than the squaws, and then camo the in vocation to the dead braves to rise and exter minate the white man. The old women, mean while, had each procured a burning stick that had apparently been dipped in some kind of pitch. Returning with these, they stole like shadows under the linked arms of the warriors, and passed through the circlo like a procession of sphinxes. This was repoatod again and again, and it is said that the danco lasts till daylight, when every one concerned in it is more or less exhausted. That the war paint of the braves means a deadly intention to tho whites is unfortunately but too clear. An Indian Ultimatum— Tue Sioux Refuse to Stop Dancino. From Pine Ridge, South Dakota, where, as we have been informed by cable, serious dis turbances liavo recently taken place, a telegram was received, dated 22nd November, as follows: —The Sioux and Cheyenne Indians mean war. Dr. Rogers, the agent, received to-day by courier from tho great camp of the Ghost Dancers an ultimatum from the hostile chief Littlo Wound, who apparently intends to lead the Ogallolas against the soldiers. He says:— " Dr. Rogers,—l understand the soldiers have come on to our reservation. What have they oome for? We have done nothing. Our dance is a religious dance, and we are going to dance until spring. If we find Christ docs not appear we shall stop dancing. But troops or no troops we shall start to dance on this creek in the morning. We also understand that I am not to be recognised as chief any longer. Neither you or any one of the white people made me chief, and you cannot throw me away as yon please. But I tell you, Dr. Rogers, the Indians made me their chief, and by them I shall be so recognised as long as I live. We have been told you intended to stop our rations •nd annuities. Well, we do not care for that. The little rations we get do not amount to any thing. But if such is the case you might as well send me word, so that my people may be saved the trouble of going to the agency. We do not intend to stop dancing. "(Signed) Littlb Wotjxd." Little Wound is now, with thirty lodges of followers, encamped at Medioine Root Creek, en route to join the main body of the hostile Indians on the White River. The dancers have been formally notified to stop their orgies, and the above letter is the answer to the notification. Dr. Rogers will not reply to it. He said, •• The Sioux mean war. They have been ordered to stop dancing, and have refused to do so. It now only remains for the troops to enforce the order." 