COSSECRATIOST OF THE BISHOP OF SOB.TB QUEEXSLAXU. (Sydney Hokum Herald.) The service in connection with the conse* ciation of Canon Barlow as Bishop of Northern Queensland took place on Saturday morning at half-past ten, in St Andrews Cathedral. Here was a large congregation, lie ceremony was conducted by the Primate, who was assisted by Dr. Tanner (Bishop of Grafton and Annidale), and Dr. Stanton (Bishop of Newcastle). The following clergy were also present : — Dean Cowper, Arch deacons King and Guntfaer, Canons Kemnus, Moretou, Hnlton King, and Sharp, Revs. H. H. Yarrington, S. Siuim, Manning, Debeu ham. Tress, Horaby. Spear, Harcrave, Madgewick, Diion, Langley, Chart ton, Garnaey, Varnold, Baber, Beck, Bardett, Hough, Bead, Woodd, Smith, Archdall, Fain, Mort, Base, Kfflworth, Wood worth, Harris, Boyle, Dr. Corlette, the Precentor (Rev. A. Rivera), and the Chancellor of the Diocese (Mr. Gregory Walker). The first lesson wie read by the Bishop of Newcastle, and the second lesson by the Bishop of Graf ton and Annidale. the anthem was *' God so loved tbe world.' The Bishop of Newcastle preached the sermon, taking as his text Acts viu.,2, 'And as they ministered to the Lord and fasted, the Holy Ghost said,— Separate me Barnabas and Saul for the work whereunto I have called them.' Beferring to the custom of sending to England for clergymen, he asked how it was that the Church bad so miserably failed to touch the hearts of the young men of Australia as regarded joining tLe ministry. Why had the}- to send 12,000 miles away for a man for the ministry?' The Church in Australia should wake np, and put a down right enthusiasm for religion into the people, and make an end to paltry little questions, addressing themselves resolutely to the work of God. When the spirit was in the Church in Australia, it would be it, the ministry as it had been in the civil life, when uie cry came that young men were needed for a campaign in the Kast, On that occasion some of Australia's best and utost athletic youths put on their uniform to go to the Soudan, and so io tbe ministry of our liord there would be an uprising amongst our young men which would make the Church independent. Id separating one who bad been ordained in Australia, he thought they were taken a wise and expedient step. He believed that the time had come when, in tbe older dioceses at any rate, they could surely choose out of a thousand clergymen one or more sufficiently gifted to fill an episcopal chair. This was from no disloyalty to tbe mother Church, nor from any desire to detach themselves from her sweet, generous, and kindly treatment, but for the sake of the Church itself. On that occasion they had selected a clergyman who had been ordained in tbe colony to take the government of the distant diocese of Northern Queensland. Con cluding, he said, addressing the Bishop elect : 'Ana what can I «ay to you, my dear brother? It is not the culmination of your work in the Northern diocese! I have no advice to give yon, for have we not for nine years been working together like brothers, sharing oorvork, praying over our difficulties, and drinking what could be done best for God's work up there ? 1 cannot advise you. You know it alL Continue only in the work that in the years past you have been carrying on, and you will vindicate and justify that act which we are performing to-day, and wQl prove to the Church in Australia that the synod was right in having chosen you, and that we are right in separating you. after prayer in apostolic order, for the work wherc nnto you have been called. The Lord be with you, prosper you, make full proof of your ministry, and direct you as you go in and out among the people. The lord be with you.' After morning prayer, the service 'for the consecration of a Bishop was gone through, the Primate, assisted by the other Bishops, officiating. The mandate for the consecration was read by the chancellor of the diocese, Mr. Gregory Walker, after which the Bishop-elect took the oath of obedience. The consecration ended with the laying on of hands by the Primate and the assisting Bishops, and the presentation to the new Bishop of a copy of the Bible. At the conclusion of the consecra tion service the Primate, with the newly con secrated Bishop and others, proceeded with the Communion service, and partook of the Sacrament. The offertory was devoted to the Korth Queensland Clergy Mission Fond. 