The Advertiser MONDAY, MARCH 2, 1891. The National Convention to be for mally inaugurated In Sydney to-day differs from all Intercolonial oonfe-<*> cenoM that have preceded Is both In respect of ltt constitution and the nnlgne character of Its object. There bno ques tton of nidi vital Import toallthe oolonles In a political r""«? as that of federation. ProvlnclaUim hai been ao largely developed under exbttng condl tloni that hitherto (he federal ques tion may have reoalved somewhat less attention than It deserves, but onoe 1b la brought within the range of pnotieal politics the tremendous nature of the Issues It Involves becomes more clearly recognised. The eonfennee that b about to address Itself to Hie great problem of securing Australian onion acquires from the exceptional manner of Its appointment a degree of weight and influence entirely befitting the peculiar occasion. While it is not possessed of the plenary powen of action granted to a Par* Ham Mit which directly refloats popular opinion, it differs In several respects from all meetings of Intercolonial repre aentattves which have previously taken place. One point of distinction b the fact that Its members are expressly delegated by the various legislatures for the work they have In hand. Party exigencies have to some extent necessarily affected the choice of members, but In every colony there has been an endeavor to place the representation on as broad a basis aa poseib'e; and by the cir cumstance that the different delegations Include Oppositionists as well as Ministerialists the Convention b dis tinguished In still another way from the ordinary conference. Though the members have been elected for a special purpose, It has not been con sidered desirable to hamper them with In structions. The Convention focuses the bestatatesmanshlp of Australasia, sod ft b at liberty to shape Its course as It thinks fit and to work out the principles and details of ft nfhyy of federation onhindeied by suggestions or recommendations from the Parliaments. In these droumstanees its decisions cannot of coarse be ficaL They will be subject to review first by the Legislative bodies and subse quently by the electors, and the result may be that another convention, or perhaps several more, will have to be held before a definite plan of federation can be adopted by all the colonies. However successful the delegates may be In overcoming the difficulties which lie In their way, the work of uniting these colonies In a fede ration cannot possibly be brought to maturity for several yean to come, even ahonld it proceed from stage to stage as prosperously as Its well-wishers hops It wilL The results of the Sydney gathering cannot be speedy, bat they mast be far reaching. In the history of these colonies there has been no event of such widespread interest and signifi cance aa that which there b reason to hope will mark the end of provincial divisions and the beginning of a federated Australia. According to English custom, a feeling of good humor and friendliness la to be cultivated at the outset of the proceedings by a banquet. Probably there la not a single member of the Convention who does not cherish the hope that the business wOl be carried <o a ■nocoasfnl Issue and that an acceptable federal oonittfeutton will ba drafted. The post prandial eloquence to day win almost certainly be of • sanguine character. Ho itop hai ever before been taken ao far In the dlraotlon of federation, and this of Itself justifies the congratula tion! which will doubtless be Indulged In. It would, however, be Idle not to aeknowlege that formidable obstacles hive aUll to be overcome, and the ezerolie of a spirit of wise moderation will be essen tial If the Convention Is to pro re other than a fiasco. It Is perfectly true that some of the ■tumbling blocks to federation hi other countries, which never* thelesa became nutted, are abient In oar own case. On the other hand the pros- , core towards onion Is sob ao great. Australia la threatened by no external dagger which sinks the conflict of local Interests to comparative unimportance, and falling anch an Incentive to federation i there will be a natural disposition ! to proceed with the utmost eaatton and to reject any plan of onion the ad van tagea of which ace not generally manifest. The present movement has originated not ao much In a vehement demand of the people for the establishment of a Federal Government as from the political exigen cies of a single colony. Thongb.it salts Sir Henry Parkes to pose «s the steadfast and loyal supporter of Australian federa tion! Us practice If not his theory has for years past been animated by an and federal spirit. Bis sadden ardor In the cause which he has done so little to advance may be not unfairly attributed to a shrewd conviction that the raising of the federal question at this juncture affords a means of " dishing" the Pro tectionist party In his own colony, and maintaining the political supremacy which a perfectly consistent attachment to free-trade would imperQ. Ostensibly the movement now In progress took Its rise from the report of General Edwards on federal defence. Bat the need of com bination for defensive purposes' was only the pretext assigned by the wily Premier of New Bonth Wales for his Invitation to the colonies to come together. His own action, more than that of any other Am trallan statesman, has for a long time put traded to keep them apart, and had not tile federal Idea made progress in spite of him the project would have been doomed to failure from the outset. It remains to be aeen whether the sentiment In favor of political union has so iv deve loped as to be already strong enough to break down the chief barrier to federation. The tariff question Is far and away the moat serious difficulty that the Convention has to grapple with. Continental free-trade Is an essential condition, of a complete federation, and unless the delegate! are prepared to embody tills In the Federal Constitution their labors will accomplish little or nothing which might not have been gained by altering and extending the ccope of the Federal Council, Proposals may be submitted for giving to each ootony the right of nuking Us own tariff arrangements for a specified term of years, after which the federal authority will take entile control of the Outoau. Bat If stub a compromise should be arrived at It will be evidence that ArutnUa Is not yet ripe for • perfect federation. Even an agreement to establish Intercolonial free trade as soon as the Federal Government comes Into exlstenoe may be weighted by the protectionist colonies with a condition fhmt the Federal Constitution shall Include a guarantee of protection against the out side world. The whole question Is diffi cult and complicated, and It will severely tax the energies of the delegates to arrive at a satisfactory conclusion. As to the general principles on which the federation should be based there will probably be leas difference of opinion. Sir Henry Parkes was formerly a supporter of consolidation as opposed to federal onion. He proposed that the Australian colonies ahonld be welded into a single State, subject to ft single Government. It Is noteworthy that Sir John Macdouald originally favored a similar scheme for Canada. It was rejected by the Quebco Convention, which nevertheless adopted a form of federal onion muoh more nearly approaching consolidation than that of the United States or Switzerland. Under the Canadian con stitution central Government b exceedingly powerful and the provincial Governments have very limited fanoUons, which are expressly denned by the In strument of onion. Sir Henry Parkes has declared himself personally In faror of a similar arrangement for AnttflU, but all over the colonies public opinion b against It. It may be almost taken for granted that the Convention will adopt as the basis of Its scheme the two prlndples that the powers of the central Government shall be limited and defined, and that in at least one House of the Federal Parliament there shall be an equal representation oftfae provinces. On the former point all the colonies are llsely to be agreed, and on the latter It b certain that (die smaller colonies will Insist as the condition of abandoning the slightest measure of ihelr self-governing rights. Assuming that both principles are accepted, the working oat of details will be a sufficiently ardaoas task to engage the attention of the Con vention for weeks to come, XspecitUy difficult will be the determination of the functions of the Federal Legislature and their express enumeration In the constitution. The federal powers may be many or few—probably the latter, but In either case they should be ample. The real question to be determined In every case b whether the power can be better exercised by the general than the local authority, and unless this cm be answered dearly In the affirmative the wiser coarse will be to leave things as they are. It has become 00 mush the fashion to organise jubilee and centenary oelebra tlons In honor of popular institutions, great events, or celebrated personage* that there b a danger leat the true sig nificance of the occasion of them ahonld be overlooked. The fashion ttaett may overshadow and hide much of that which It la designed to exhibit and. Illustrate. To allow this would be to discredit what. If used judiciously, Is a custom potsnt In Its moral and educational effeot. If jubilee and centenary celebrations are made too common they will lose their Influence, although It may not un reasonably be argued by the advocate for any particular celebration that the lostt tntton that has outlived the vicissitudes of fifty yean has established some claim to recognition, and that a name that has survived by a century the person who bore It deserves at least to be thought about and talked about. It la one hundred yean ago to day since John Wesley died In the "preacher's house" adjoining City road Obapalln Lon don ; and the members of that vast eocla statical organisation which b the oat coma of his ganlna and devotion have re solved to fitly commemorate the event by religions Mnrlow, pabllo meetings, and the Inauguration of various movements for maintaining and extending the influence and work of Methodism. B/ general concent It ha* been arranged that in thl« commemoration financial nndertaUngs dull have only a subsidiary place, and that the chief object aimed at ahall be to awaken religions Interest and to attmolate Christian activities in accordance with the best tradition! of the Methodist Church. Nevertheless when a suggestion wax made that something might ba done la the way of renovating City-road Chapel -the historical and representative atraotare which was erected under Mr. Wesley's person*! supervision, and ha* always been regarded by Methodists as a kind of model building—each a response was Im mediately made as led to the adoption of a much more thorough and extensive plan of repairs and Improvements than was at first proposed. Within a Jew weeks the sum of £10,000 was subscribed—no personal appeals having been made or public meetings held. The state ment of the case merely appeared In print, and this was the response elicited. Forth with It waa determined that Improve ment! which, while not Interfering the general character of the building, would adapt It to modem notions of com fort and suitableness for the accommoda tion of a large congregation of worship pers should be effected ; that " Wesley's house" ahould be renovated; and that the burial ground at the back of the chapel, where net the mortal remains of John Wesley and some of the most distinguished of his followers, should also be put Into a state of order and some of the tombs ze stored. These Improvements, when cam pleted, will make the City road property a more worthy monument of the spirit and enterprise of the church whloh It repre sents, and -will afford satisfaction to the multitude of Methodist vbltori who flock frcm all parts of the world to this histori cal spot, which has been playfully, but not Inaptly, termed " the Mecca of Methodism." An American dlrlne recently wrote of John Wesley as " the greatest English man of whom we have ucoaat—lt we may estimate greatness by Ita abiding ud abounding Inflaenca for good to the generations and osn turies of oar common humanity." Snoh language will donbtleaa appear to moit people somewhat extravagant; yet, 1 judged In the light of the wonderful change that hu daring the past oentary come over public opinion, It may well be be lieved to be leu extravagant than It seems. Moreover, each grow Injustice was at first done to the character and motives and work of Wesley that there b bat a poetical justice In the elrcnmstance If at last the tribute paid to Us worth does occasionally assume the style of hyperbole. For the greater part of the half oentary daring which he prosecuted Us wonderfal labon>s a religions reformer and philan thropist he was subjected to the grossest Insults and frequently to personal violence; and Us adherents were oon stantly spoken of with contempt. The change of public ■MiHnmnt has come about gradually, and probably even yet has not attained Its limit; but any one who to-day should nse, concerning Wesley and Us work, language that was common In the time of the earlier years of the Methodist revival would be accoanted either a fool or an Ignoramus, The re ligious organisation which he established Is everywhere acknowledged to poaiesa singular efiecUveneu; the methods of work that he 'Initiated are now so general that their Weeleyan origin Is often for gotten, and the Inflaenos of Mt teaching and example has permeated churches of all denominations In greater or less degree. In hit "History of the English People," Green—who cannot be suspected of any prejodloe In Wesley's favor— writing of Wesley's work, says:—"A religions revival bant forth whloh changed In m few years the whole temper of English society. The church was restored to life and activity. Religion carried to the poor a fresh spirit of moral zeal, while It purified oar morals and oar manners. A new philanthropy reformed oar prisons, In* fared clemency and wisdom Into our penal laws, abolished the slave trade, and gave the first Impulse to popular eduaa tlon." The continuance and stability of Methodism after the lapse of a century from the time of Wesley's death, thegrowth of Its numbers, and the Influence of Its agencies testify to the splendid judgment of Its founder. The Methodist Church Is a magnificent nvmnment to Wesley's genius and devotion « But the Methodists themselves." says Green, " were the least result of the Methodist revival. Toe noblest result was the steady attempt, which has never ceased from that day to this, to remedy the guQt, the Ignorance, the physical suffering, the eoolal degrada tion of the profligate and the poor." Turning to the local aspects of the Wesley Centenary Commemoration* we observe that it has been taken up In the Australian colonies In an earnest and practical manner. Financial objects, very properly, have not been excluded. It would certainly be contrary to the tradi tions of Methodism — not to uj of Christianity—to allow no opportunity on auoh an occasion for material gifts to the objects whleh the church exists to pro mote. Accordingly foreign and home missions and other enterprises of the church are to receive such special offerings as may be made ; but the mam endeavor of the promoters of the commemoration will be to give quickened Impulse to the moral and religious work of Methodism In the colonies. In Plrie street church— which is of ten spoken of as "the City road Chapel of Adelaide"—services of a special character are to be held to-day, which, whether by design or by accident, very distinctly represent some of the chief characteristics of the Methodist Ohuroh. The morning aervloels to be of a devo tional character, specially Intended to in tensify the religious devotion of the church; the afternoon will be devoted to a conference with representatives of other churches, for mutual encouragement and the cultivation of friendship In harmony wfth Wesley's own saying that Methodists were to be M the friends of all, the enemies of none;" and the evening will be set apart for consideration of plans for more effectively carrying out the ag gressive work of the church. It will be noted with pleasure by the Christian com munity In general that the invitation given to representatives of the various churches to be present and take part In the afternoon function has been accepted by all the principal denominations. Whatever delight may be taken In theolo gical and ecclesiastical quarrels by fiery or cross-grained sectarians, the general briy of Christians regard them with humilia tion and pain. And perhaps there never was a time when every approach to pratff tlcal co-operation and good fellowship be tween the branches of the church was more heartily welcomed by she people than tha present. Moreover these colo nies present a field for a magnificent zr~ pertinent of church work and OhrUtiao' unity, enfettered by political and aodal disabilities and prejudices which largely prevail elsewhere. The promoters of tha centenary oommemoratlon were well ad vised to make it the occasion of a friendly Interchange of views with other churches, and the representatives of those churches have done wall to accept the overtures In a cordial spirit. John Wesley was a man ■who belonged exclusively to no denomina tion—* man of catholic spirit and broad • ympathies—and as time rolls on men of *U shades of opinion are Increasingly dis posed to recognise the great value of the work which be did while living, she fruit cf which Is being borne to-day throughout the Protestant world. The Bey. H. T. Bnrgeai (president of tha Wesleyen Conference) preached ia the Archer ■beet Ohureh, North *i"Ht. on Sondap evening from Isaiah Iv., 6 and 7—" Seek ye tha Lord, e*n ye upon Him while He b neat.* He said the text was appropriate not only because of the interesting historical fact that it was the. latt from which John Wesley praaehad, bat because it sansmariaed in a remarkable way the leading truths that bad made hit mission aa powufnL Every great religions awakening resulted from the presentation of Gospel truth, and that of last century was no exception! This was the explanation of iti character, its peraa?Efiee, and it* growth, John Wesley did not set out to lorn a new organisation, but had aa intense desire to save souls. To that end he preached saving truth, and the Spirit of God accompanied it with mighty power. The necessity came upon the leaders of the movement to provide for those who were con verted by their agency and who looked to them for guidance. Necessity was laid upon them, and they were led by Providence in an unexpected way tfll ultimately a chorea waa {founded that had spread its i"«nfmno all over the wotld. The secret of its progress acd that of Wesley's sueoeas was the same, The text taught that religion did not consist in church relations, but in personal experiaaoe. The corrupt condition of both the church aad the world in Great Britain in the eighteenth oentury was due in great measure to the truth being obscured. People might be regarded aa Christians andyetknosfnotblngot Quriititaity but the name. Tue moral csndition of moiety was in consequence fearfully depraved, At that juncture Wesley preached the necessity of conversion—a change of heart and a chugs of life. The wicked must forsake their ways and return to God. Another point on which he strongly insisted was human responsibility in tha work of per sonal salvation. A odd and cheerless oread bad represented God to be On sovereign rule* of the world, firing the destiny of human bungs by immutable decrees, aad thereby placing ft beyond individual control, Tue doctrine that men most seek chat they might find, and can that they might be answered, that they bad the power to do this and wan held accountable for its exercise, was emboa&aS; in the text sod ooatpuuoua in Wesley's titteranons. She e&«st of sash dear imiiiils tion of truth had been very great, aad al evangelical Ohristesidosa was witness to 8. A third element of equal importance was the universal love of God to man. Toe prooaisa that He would have merer oo those who eras to Him, and that He would abundantly pardon the sms of penitent transgteasnts was joyfaUy rep?atedandeagerJy.embraoed. Moltitodeswho bad been so flircomstanoed as not to kooar the Gospel message, or to regard it •* having any refenaoe to them, received it with opaa hearts. Obey bore witness tJufcth* forgiveness of not might be and was a present experience. Tlasu love of God became for them not only a« theological phrase bnt s> gladdening pnnnasinw. Their aamranoe of it brightened their lira and smtamwrt them in death. One other suggestion of the text was chat opportoattiei wen Invited and must be used while they were available, God had to besought"while He was Dear." To forget or ignore this was to omit one of the most powerful anpuneaU for immediate decision, Wesley did not do so, butngedthe danger of delay, and appeals of the most awarohmg and heart-stirring fJhaTaaW, based on fins foundation, wen made by himself and bis aswofstas Xtwasby its adhesion to these fundamental tmttis and the presence therewith et the power** she Holy Ghost that the Metfaodilt Church had survived and mnltjpliad. The followers ot John Wesley could eraltingly re-echo hU dying wards of taamphi" the best of all is, God fi with as." She address closed with an exhortation to maintain the same pwimipi— with unabated earnestnwi. for "if God be for us who can be against usf Before oonnnmohig his sermon at the Oaths. flrmj <m fhwui?j mn^ing H?« BUhop Mud :—"I desintoaaynovntenselyliagre^andoumy own behalf and that of the gnat body of members of the Chnreh of England in this colony I completely repudiate certain expres sions and abort Methodists in the current number of she Bane* published on Saturday. If onr Ohnreh wrinoiplfis requite us, at an donbtedly they do, to regard atmeosssary sepa ration from the Ohoreh as entirely wrong, they do not require us to attribute even to those who separate from us motives of an unaharitame nature, nor have we an right to thus label men who an good in their character and earnest in their lira*.' Among the patsengefi by the P. & O, mail steamer Ballaarat, which sailed from Albany for Adelaide last night are the West Austalisa delegates to the Federal Convention. Sir Xbomas Elder, G.0.M.G., Mr. Ban Smith, Mr. George Downer, Professor Watson, the Bon. H. J. Wrizon (late Attorney-General of Victori?, and one of the delegate* of that colony to the Federal Convention), and the Doke of Manchester, who reoenUy ""nnnrflnd his deeeated father in the titla. The Hon. B. 0. Baker before hii deputes for Sydney brought before the notice ol tbe Premier the destruction earned by the Govern* ment ?t tbe garden of Mr. BAnlc,i? HMkaaf. The ownftratates that for the last two yean ha hu obeyed all orders given him by the Termiu inspectors, who asaart that hb fruit trees wen infested with the eodlin moth; that the steps taken have proved ineffectual; and that, noting on the advioa of tbe officers, the Premier gave inttruotiona to destroy the treat, Mr. Baker did not complain of wbai.hadbeen done, but mort strongly objected to the Act under which the prooeeding* wen taken, aa He Schtdz by its proviiioDi v eotitled to no «oa> peiwatioa. Mz.Bakertugedtfaeprmaipleth?t whenever a direct private injury it done for the benefit. of the public by pnblu offioen tho pob?c tbonld compemate the person injured. If land it taken for a railway compentation it paid. XI iheep which are atupeoted to be tcabby, or oatUe believed to be infested with dinaas ate destroyed, the squatter v compeuated, and Mr. Baker adced why a diffe rence thonld be nude between tbeaqoatter and tbe market gardener? Why •htmld the jacfioa whioh it granted to tbe one be denied to Hie other? Be pointed ont that when the pbyl oxen broke ont at Geelong Sooth Aastrtlia ontribnted tome thontwdt of ponnda m a cootribntion to a fond to compensate the owners <& the vines destroyed. In onnointinn Mr. Baker atked that a anm should be placed on tbe Estimates to compensate Mr. Sohnic, who is a poor man, and trill be nearly rained by tte action of tbe Government, About £IGO it tbe estimated damage, Healtodennd that tbe Premier shall next Marion introSa^ ? Bill to alter tbe Art. Me. B?ker steted Chaf be was not acting professionally for Mr. Bohnlz. bat took the matter up in the intereits of jtutioe only. An impression has gained ground that the •ate Mr. David Bews left hit family in com fortable ctammstano?i, but this we are sorry to know is not the ease. Ofoonneitisimposiibla to state aonuately what pnmMon has been made foe the widow and childnav tat wa oadcntand that aoaia onfortanata •peanlaMon* Uto which the late Mr. Bawa waa drawn wfl leave Mm. Bewa and tha ?hildren abaolntaly nsprovidedfor. It m origiaally iatandad to natpalnata the memory of Me Bern by maaaa of a leholanhip at one of oar leading edasa* ttoaal iaatttntio?a, but the revelation el hii private afiaira will give a new direction to the •MTtBMBt. A meeting «m be held ia the tnayor% pador on Wednesday afternoon with the objeot of railing tundi lor the widow and ocphaat, and already nameroui promiasi of •aaktanaa have been reeaired. It ia folly expected that at lent £Uooowfll be realiaed. At the Training Oollega on Saturday, February SB, a meetin? wai held to oocaider the qoeatiim of aehool deeoiaUoa. Share waa • laigeand representative atteadanoe, inolod icg all the iaapeeton, and the ohalr waa ocou fied by Mr. J. A. Hartley (tha Inipeotoc- Oeaeral of School*). Before oommwnoing the fanafaaMUr. L. Q. Madley (prineipd of the training College) referred to the death of the late lCfniaUr of Ednefttioo (the Hon. David Bewi), and paida tribute to bia memory aa a politioian, an adtninUtntoc, and above all as * bne friend to the eauie of education— oae who took • mm personal interest in the teMhenandoo?olanofthepabUeaoboolaof (ha colony. He moted that a letter of eon dolenoe be aent to Mrs, Bean exnrearia* the bearUelt •ympathy of the public teaahew with bar awl her family ia their sad loss. The motion waa seconded by Mr. B. W. Btantoa (inspector ot aaboob) and waa spoken to by Xnapeaton Bargea and Smyth, and Hem. Ptammer, Wbfllas, and Manghan, Mr. Bartleyi in potttaK the question, apoka vary feeUagly ot the Many admirable qualities dis played by the late Miauter. and the motion msoarritd onaniatouly. Mr. T. B. Foota. • eebolar of St. Petat'i College. Mid aoa of tha Bar. Canon Poole, of St, John's, Adelaide, bM Dew darted to one of the open entrance aobolarthipa at Trinity College, Melbourne, value £60 for time ytaw. ghawi—Boa being heM ia books not nn tioualy ptaeeribed U a better tart of eobolanhip tban the examination! of the Adelaide Univer venity, where special book* ace act. The «Moaurul acholar ii also an athlete, represent tag faia tehool in the football twenty, and as «aptainof the eleven led his men to viatory m iha Priaoe Alfred match of Uflfc Uttm. Q. Ath and A. D. Handyaida <iuemben for Albert) reoently handed to the Vnarnnt ttqotata lot £1,000 troaa the KamoDorta Diatriet CraaeiL and fot 0.185 from the Titian Diatriet OoaneD oat of the loanfornadatobeipentoatpeeifiedworlciin tboee diatrieth She Treamrar baa masted £860 to tha Nanaooorte ooaaeQ for oorHtnation ob the wad leading to the Narracoorte okTea, asd £BCO to the Titian ooaneU fat ooutmotion on the Bordertown and Ifmaialia main road. Jn neponaetoatreqnaat made by Mr. George ■Aab. M.P.. the acting Oommfaaf mwr ol Crown Land* (the Hob, T. Rayford) jaat befora ha left for the Sydney Oonferoooe decided to hare «eetia*t 860 and 161, handled of Xtttm, •aneyed into waddac men's blook* and o?end ■oa perpetual leaae. Theee eeottoat ace •djMe?ttothetowaiUpotWolaetey. Ob Batatdar tta oomplstio? ol the adjoamad «mdb between Mann. Footer aad Handatana in tha BH*Mctoar?ay ? iw—b??dii with the Norwood Chen Oinb wm etffl farther poet posed in e—leqwewoa of the daw plaj. In (idem toaxner** time Unit wiU be enfocejed, •itbatimelott in Boring hu a> ta?denar to •rcarrthepUren.aaMltbeattandiMoenSea in eonseqneMe. The soon i* nov aa follow*: —W. X. Hattiao?. 9k {J. Sibbeld. 7l O. Kmer, 6; J. Bandenoa, S; W. H. fatj 10; J. G. Araitage, H; W. Fontar, 8i; fi. 7; O. £. a Brook*, 4}| and A, Weta.4. •EbeihiiaM?t of ba?io? from Pott Adelaide Farias; TikniQ wen low, bat ahowsd a 4lrfH^ tafcorameai over January, da BatdUaK and Refiaag Oonmany «e***,Ul ban to ImkUm, whoa Book 1< Osaapaay forwarded 460 beta, the only other ehfesaeat recorded. There wm • ban inonasa in the quantity of on exported, faata «4?mbia«U eases and «.« bin sad Bm cars; 5.067 bags, letl export* wen aim Utter thaa.nmal, and of than M 64 ban and 36 tone went to Molbonrae, 5.765 lien to Hongkong, and 679 to Fooofaow. Ooppocwai tepretented bf 8,114 ingot*, and l.TMoakes for London* and V package* lot Hongkong. abeloo?Oontinned dry weather bbeffiasiDg to be felt ia the ■efehboehood ot Gawlar, aad vain carting win eooa oobbmbob aalea than ni a fan of rain. Although farmara have not Uen mncfa faeonTanteneed by the dry waitli?t the garden* ban faU the want of motatan* •nd both vegetable and flower patahai have enffered. The prtae ot watat within tte Ctawkr water area, la, 6d. per 1,000 BaQonn Biobibite ite ne for irrigation to any gretl tztent, She only caw beard at the Adelaide PoUee Cant e> Datuidiy wae one of dnakanmM. ••mat pert el the province metaled ia pastoral tosses Nos. 1.175 and 1,519. situate between lake Sesrans sad Peraatty lagoon, hM been gazetted a qnarssHae gmmd lot camela, end in accordance with that proclama tion," writes the Port Augutta Despatch, "a tunlieaisit of disssswi animals has been sent aloag to teat the salubrity of the nor*-wet climate. She animals started from AdelaL| last week la charge of Mr. QOm. and attar a match thMogh several bandrcd mOai of famv isg cad pastoral oaontry the ragged wmiiisi t •I the invalid mob arivedjostoatalaetfaetowa «f Port As?oeUoa Friday, Februarys). Dotmg their itay ben wncal death! ooaamd. and U Urn ooasa of a few sum daft the dtatriot when aaaials an wont to nnagragife win be visited by this batch of Oriental quadrupedal cnwholeto?aeaea. Cariosity alone prompti a to ask why the honor of b&lettag; siok camels m iMMUd for Nor'-wester* la the era* ot a MtistaeiMy answer bdag tMthos?iat to that qwattoo. we afaoold like to know why the rtieemharkation of tag unlovely boat wai sot prooaeded with at Poet AsCHtobHlaHlolFoH Adelaide? ttawem •obiapeenliatpcoMediiig to oaoy nrnitaitmi «m a lar|«* area thaa U abeolately neeeMMy.'' ttbe Semaphore booh wm very crowded oa flaadey aftaraooa ea the nossrirw of • demon etratio* by the Salvation Amy. Ie whieb a most exoeOeattirasi band took part. Than ii sww an cntiie ibMMa of the ssoffiag and jeer fag which mm marked the irimtiiwn of the Amy oa the beech, and tbe presence of the «xeeU>at mule aSocaed immune gntifiaatioa •o the extremely well-ordered crowd. Wool aUpsM?te from Pert Adelaide are 4eett?«Bg rapidly, sad qtuotttua now oomiat forward an ssuO. Daia* Vebmary B.ll* balsa left the wbeffs; 7.764 tor Londoa, and «ososatwtosfor Meltooone. Ia addition to «hb Ms bsksot skms were exported to Loadoa. and a to New Tone We have received from ICr. ArUmr A. K. Xeadau, of MattooiM, the Aubalaaia? agent lot Ham. Stte * Spottiwojde, a eoprot a MW Ulostratod book "The Jeoolaa O«Tea." ntteted and pabUabed by the firm. Mr. Samuel Oook, the author, is a w«Ukaown Sydsey loaraanst,sad fw maay ft** was eon ■sattd with the Uterary stafi of tbs Sydney Morning Btndi, of wbith he ii bow the burinaM maaaffer. The ptatei an prodused flrom photographs takes uademmuia by the aid of artificial light, and the OlostntioiM hare «ome out remMkaWy wall. Toe book bat been faroraoly noeived by the inter «otonial prew. aadeanbaobtaioed from all book •ritora throoghoiit the eoioay. The volume, which ia very baadaomely printed sad moat tettef oDy booad, oonUioa 100 pagea aad there «*• 3t eattravioga with a seotioa m?p abovus; 4le pootion of the wret. All the peculiar tratorea of the wonderful formation are anaphteallf described, and next to penonally vhiti?f the oaves no one ooold do better than iavekt ia the work which doak in a most i?teraaUng maaner with "An Excursion in Australia* Wonderland.'' Oa and alter to-day then win be a charge ttaeetor endonemaata ol tranafers of interest «r ns?oral* oa fin iHoraaee poUafes. The Port breach ot the AostraUan Natives' iUwciatkm wUI meet at th« Semaphore Town Bell tak ereaiac. The first aanual ?wiawiiiia raeas In nnnnm «oa with «*• Addafa£~B«wl?« Oub wUltake Clem at the Oty?athi to-a&ht.; A lengthy >nvnlB B« wffl ba rom through, eadTtbe •jventa iaotadc the ohss?piooahip, msidea, and Uaoisec contests, The Mibwripttotti tor the Ifosfoal AmocU- Hob1* season of three eo?serta ace new baiag s*«ivcdaa(aemlfeahau&Boa;«, aodtbe MtitelhiwMtD b? faenotsd for on Vtandavant. These who wish to have tot 4MJM^*«dd ?, ttei. rntao***! 