CHRIST CHURCH, MILTON. LAYING FOUNDATION OF NEW SUNDAY SCHOOL. The ceremony of " capping the stamps" of the new Sunday school building at Milton took place on Saturday afternoon in the presence of a very large and representative gathering. The Bishop of Brisbane officiated, and was assisted by the rector of Christ Church (Rev. J. F. Leighton), the other clergy present being Coadjutor-Bishop Dawes, Canon Whitington and Glennie, Revs. A. E. David, J. B. Maul, St. J. Pughe, R. R. Eva, G. Hall, Kirkpatrick, and Thompson. The choir, under the leader- ship of Miss Gilder, opened the service by singing the processional Psalm xxxvii. The Bishop and clergy' having taken up their position immediately opposite the stumps which were to be capped the Bishop proceeded with the order of service, during which the choir and congregation sang the hymns " Christ is the foundation of the house we raise," *' Christ is. our corner stone," and after the stumps had been capped, "The Church's one foundation." The following took up their positions opposite the eight uncapped stumps The Bishop of Brisbane, Mesdames John Stevenson, S.Lord.andBennott, Rev. J.F. Leighton, Hon. Albert Norton (trustees' warden W. J. Ryott-Maughan (people's warden), J. C. Vincent (Sunday school superintendent), and on the Bishop saying, " To the glory of God we lay this foundation: In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost," the ladies and gentlemen named placed the caps on the stumps. During the last hymn a collection in aid of the Building Fund was taken up, amounting to £88. The Bishop delivered an impressive address, and referred to the great work which demanded the construction of . Sunday schools, more especially in view of the absence-for the pre- sent-of religious instruction in the State schools. In concluding his remarks, he said that though it was intended to use the new building for church services, it must always be remembered that the main object which brought about its creation was the necessity for having a building where the individual characters of the large number of children in the district might be moulded so as to insure to them a brighter and happier existence when they became men and _ women. He expressed the pleasure it gave him to see so large a gathering, and trusted, before many months were over, to see the building completed and opened for the purposes for which it was being built. The contract for the new Sunday school was let to Mr R. Anderson, of Esk, in April last, and since then the contractor has been preparing the joinery work at his mills, near ERIC, so that now the stumps are in position there is every probability that good progress will shortly be made. The school when complete should present a very pleasing appearance, for the diocesan architect (Mr. J. H. Buckeridge) has spared no pains to make the building not only one of convenient interior accommodation, but also one of outward architectural beauty. The length of the edifice is about 100ft., and full breadth about 50ft. The lower plates and flooring will be of hardwood, with shingle roof, upon which will be erected an exceedingly pretty turret. The whole of the chancel flooring will be laid with beech. Every care has been taken to insure ample ventilation during the summer months. On either side of the building is a 10ft. veranda about 30ft. long, which can be used for extra classrooms in hot weather. It will be recollected that the great storm of December last wrecked a portion of what is better known to the older resi- dence of Brisbane-as the Memorial Church, The diocesan architect has inspected the building and pronounced it unfit for public worship. The dangerous condition of this building will necessitate its being pulled down, and until funds permit of another building being erected, the new Sunday school will be used for church services. Judging from the opinions expressed by those present both lay and clergy the erection of a partially built stone church seventeen years ago was a very great mistake, and all seemed agreed that well-built wooden structures were by far the most suitable and economical where new parishes are being established. 