'tr:;/\ ; Current Literature : KOTES ON NEW BOOKS AND MAGAZINES, ETC. THE CURSE OP CARNE'S HOLD. BY Gr. A. HENTY. This is a powerfully written, but not altogether pleasant, story,'hinging on the pâmé subject as does Ibsen's much-discussed play of ' Ghosts,' namely ' hereditary mania.' The first chapter is called « How the curse began,' and describes how, in the days of the second Charles, Sir Edgar Carne married a Spanish wife of great beauty, but with a strange, wild, hunted look about her, 'as if she had either something on her conscience, or had gone through some terrible time that had well nigh shaken her reason.' The marriage did not appear to have been a happy one, and Lady Carne's peculiarities increased rather than diminished. Three children were horn to them, and a fortnight after the hirth of the third, a servant rode, late at night, through the village, for the doctor, with the terrible news that Lady Carne had stabbed the baby to death, and had become a raving lunatic. The poor woman lived some years afterwards, a close prisoner in the * Hold,' and the taint in the blood was naturally inherited by her descendants, breaking out from time to time in fits of murderous violence on those with whom they were surrounded. The story opens when Reginald Carne, a young man of eight and twenty, had just succeeded his father as owner of the 'Hold,'that father having been a bright and jovial character, who, for the thirty years that he was in possession of the property, was so popular in the country that the old stories had been almost forgotten, and it was generally believed that the ' Curse of the Carnes ' had died out. Reginald has a sister Margaret, a bright, high-spirited girl, whose love affairs with a cousin, a military man, and with a naval officer, we are just beginning to get interested in, when a ' terrible murder is perpetrated, and Margaret Carne is found one morning dead in her bed. Suspicion points'to her-iCousin, with whom she had had, - the ' night before, a lover's quarrel. The rest of the book is taken up principally with the trial of this cousin, Ronald Mervyn, who is eventually acquitted, as the evidence against him is not strong enough to convict him, and his adventures in South Africa, where, under the name of Blunt, he enlists in the Cape Mounted Rifles, sees plenty of active service^ falls in love with an English' jgirl; whose life he saves, gets wounded, . a;f tey ! "showing great bravery, and is recognised as Mervyn by his commanding officer, who wishes him to right himself in the eyes of the world, and not allow what he is convinced was a false accusation to blight his life any longer. Mary Armstrong, the girl with whom he is in love, returns to England with her father, who is determined to try and clear up the mystery which still surrounds the murder of Margaret Carne ; and just at the moment when things seem the most difficult to unravel, Reginald Carne, the brother, shows symptoms of insanity burns down Carne's Hold, and confesses in his dying moments that he killed his sister, in order that the fated race should come to an end, and the curse of Carne's Hold die out. There is much bright writing throughout the book, and the descriptions of South African life are excellent ; but readers will be able tc judge from the brief sketch we have giver of the plot if such a story, however well worked out, would interest them sufficiently to induce them to read ' The Curse 01 Carne's Hold.'. 