fSi STORYTELLER, St. Katherine's by the Tower. By Walter Besant. Chapter VII.— WAS SHE FAITHLESS? I am bound by every tie of affection and of nature to becouie the advocate of my own sipler. lam well aware that much blame has been cast upon her, and that there are still many who Break of Ler with woids of reproach, thinking her to be the guilty cause, by her wilful and whimsical ways, of all (he trouble that followed. One unhappy woman ihere was who, vntil the day of her death, never ceased to upbraid her, and (though causelessly) to curse ner, ana 10 wisn ner 111. But excuses can be made for that poor woman. If I am the advocate of my sister, I am happy in having no more to do than to represent ihe facts of tbe case— the bare, plain, unvarnished facts — without suppression of any point, and without exaggeration. I ask for nothing but simple justice. Pity I am sure will be freely given to her, as unto one innocent and sorely tried. Wonder, also, that such things should be permitted ; but then we know not, even the wisest of us, so ignorant are we, any sound and solid reasons by which we may vindicate the wisdom which conducts ? the world. We were all three, as I have said, brought up together ; we were sis two brothers and one sister : George and I Hat on the same bench at school, and were Hogged for the same offences ; we played to gether in the gardens und in the Cloisters ; we sat in the church together, and gazed upon the monuments ot antiquity ; we stood together in St. Kathe rine's-square, and mar velled at the language of the sailors and the watermen ; when we grew older we ventured out in a boat among the crowds of barges and lighters in the Pool. Cieorgo was appren t iced at 1 i . Sylvia was then about 10. He went away proud and joyful to go to sea. When he came home, three years later, he was a tall and hand Home lad of 17 ; Sylvia was still little better than a child. Again, three years later, he returned, 20 years of age, now already a man — much more manly tuen uior.t young city beaux, at the same age. He brought home, I re member, many pretty presents for Sylvia— things picked up in foreign ports. I think he had spent ull Lis money on gifts for Sylvia. This shows that his affection for her did never waver or cease. He was always her lover, from the be ginning. This I ack nowledge in reply to those who charge Sylvia with fickleness and in constancy. Yet no puling lover, who thought of his mistress when he should have been thinking of iiis work. Shewaaalways in his heart: he was tilled withheridea; she was dimidium animw, half his soul, and that always. But it was not until his last return, when she rejected and ? refuted him, that he perceived this fact. While he was assuied of her, he was calm and easy ; when he thought that she was lost to him, he fell into fury; he laged; he became, as you have seen, liule better than a madman. .Now. since you have heard what was said and thought of this un happy event by others, so that you know how it appeared to all of up, I would now ask you to read what my sister herself told me. This, you will perceive, throws a very different complexion upon the business. Most unfor tunately, this confession or revelation was made to me the evening be fore the most disastrous day in my whole life, when 1 was deprived of all power to control what folloved, even though my knowledge of what had happened gave mo such power. Had it not been for thiB disaster, I should have laid tbe whole business before the Prebendary in tbe first place. The schoolmaster would have beencittd before the Chapter House of ihe Foundation ; tbe wise woman would have been made to confess what she knew; George would have been told the whole tiuth ; and we should have seen then wLat would have hap pened next. I take it as unwise of me — though, Heaven knows, I acted for the best — to have delayed speaking to my sister for eolong. 1 suffered a fortnight and more to pass by, hoping every day to Fee a change f-r the better. Finally, when there came no change, 1 moWed to appeal to ber sisterly affection, and to pray her to tell me all that was in her mind. It was an evening late in ihe month of April when I found my opportunity. Tbe evening was soft iind calm, the air was warm. tl:n- gli the season was as jet but little advanced. There wns a gentle breeze from the west, the sky was clear. Sylvia had been sitting nil day iong in her - hair, inanimate nnd pallid ; there I fouDd ber, and proposed to her iVut she should come out with me to breathe for n little the frf-.-bnecH of (te evening. Always docile, she rose nnd i onsentcd tn go with me. So I wrapped her in her liorid and led her forth, walking slowly, because ibe was now feeble. Outside she breathed with pleat ure the fresh and fragrant air of the garden. '? Alas ! ' she sighed, ' what things have fallen upon me since laEt 1 stood here ! ' ? The moon was already up, and now shene in great ' splendour upon the cast end of the churcb, lighting up the broad and Jofty window, and showing (lie tracery ot the great Katherine-wbeel, emblpm of ihe saint and martyr, patron of this p'ace, which stands in the upper part. The narrow windows below glowed like bur niched silver: Ihe two towers of the north and south angles stood out against the clear sky in distinct out line ; the whole north side of the church was in black ness. The Gothic pile, venerable always, but especially in the moonlight, filled the soul with admiration and awe ; it has leen a holy place from tbe days of King Stephen to our own time, l'or 600 years and more the living have flocked hither for worship, and have j brought their dead for burial ; here Qu- ens have knelt to offer gifts. and Princes have br en buried. What matter for Queens and Princes ? All the dead of COO years lie around and within this sacred pile. Save the Cathedral churches of St. Peter's and St. AJaul's, there is no more venerable cr sacred spot then ihe ancient and beautiful church of St. Katherine's by the Tower. We were standing in the Master's orchard, beside the Master's house, and behind the burying-ground of the Precinct, 'lis a pleasant place in summer, and at b11 times when one can walk abroad and enjoy Ibe ?warmth of tbe sun in a fenced garden sheltered from the wind. There are old fruit-trees in the orchard — everything is old— apples and pears, cherries, and medlars, and mulberries ; peaches and vines are trained against the high wall at tbe back, which has Sylvia 6at down on one of the tombs, threw back her hood, and confidingly explained everything to Nevill. — Chapter VII. a sc uthein asveci — it is said Hat before tLe Beformn tien the Brothers made wine frem their own gupes: Ihf.re is a towling-green on tbut side nearest 1te bouse. Here from the time of KiEg S ephen down wards has ibat uncient game been played. There ;s a garden-house, with glass windows and a glass door, whsre one may sit snug even in winter ; and there are, also cn ibe side near tbe house, beds filled in summer with most kinds of sweet flowerp. On this night the trees were while with spring blossoms, and the air was fragrant with their delicate breath. It is in a garden— a garden of fruit-treeF, as well as vegetables and flowers— t bat we may most profitably medi'nte on the course of life and its meaning. This ha6 often been set forth by wise men. Here, in spring1, we see the earth awakening from its sleep, which is the type of death. A new year -a new life is begun. Thus life ever follows death, and after death life legits j anew. It is as if there were but one man, and he every ii i » h t lying down nnd every morning again uprising. He does bis work— between the morning snd the even ing -ar;d he dies. Then anew man— who is the tame — is born egain. with conditions of lif^ all the better if the last n an has done hi* work well. He, too, in bis tuin advances ihe woik a little. And so on : now tail ing lack a little, now advancing a little, until in time (o come man shall be eo streng, so long-lived, that he will look tack with wonder even uprn the polite age of George III., and ask himself how, being exposed to eo many perils, 1 r uld ever have been happy even for one single moment. Can Heaven itself, by tbe Divine assistance, thu9 be reached ? To this spot we were wont to repair by long use and custom. Naturally our feet turned towards the garden and the orchard. Here as children we could play, beine both of an age ; and here we cculd walk and talk, it ia one of those places in which, however great may be the noise outside, it seems always quiet. The lanes and narrow allej s of the Precinct were full of people who sang and laughed, quarrelled and reviled each other, shouted and fought, and made all the noises that deligLt a rude folk. Yet the ncit-e came not into any part -of the Hospital, jtrom ihe river there still arose from some belated ship a yo-hoing and bawling, but we seen.ed (o bear nothing— not even ihe firing of the ordnance from the Tower or the salutes of the ships which arrived at Deptfora Yard or sailed away. We walked there band-in-band without speech, but each kr ew very well what was iu the heart of the other. Presently Svlvia stopped at the little dcor which opened upon the LiiTying ground. 'Let us leave the garden,' she said. ' Let us go into tbe burying ground — bore is spring, and that j menus love and 1 o| e. I have rothing more to do with ! spring-. There &ie; graves— and they mean dust and j death.' j She lifted the latch, and we stepped out info the | crowded graveyard beLind the churcb. Here tbc stones, j standing thick together, grey by day, were now silvery while iu tie moonlight or black in shadow. The grass grows long in summer, bnt it was now still f-liort, aud underfoot it was soft and damp. Among tbe graves Sylvia told me for the first tin. e the trulh of wha-, had baprem d to her. Svlvia sat down on ene of the ti mbs nn^ threw buck her hood. Tbe evening breeze played in l.er light brown curls, and the mcon made ber blue eyes shine large and ghos.tly. It might have been a ghost among ihe graves. 1 believe it is not lucky to sit on a grave ; but nobody, surely, cculd be more unlucky than my sister at that ceriod. ' Erothpr,' shn said, holding my hand, ' I am, indeed, tbe most miEerab'e creature in the whole world.' ' It will pass, mv dear. Everybody is agreed that it will go away. You will awake some morning and find yourself in your right mind.' 'Never my mind is not disordered. I know very well what I am saying, and what has befallen me.' ?' That,' I said, ' is what no one can undcrsratd.' 'Everybody blames rue— 1 know that even body tails out upon me for a wicked wretch thus to throw over tbe bravest lover ever woman bud.' I could not say her nay. I blamed ier myself. 1 thought that if she even now were to resitt this devil he would fiee from her. ' My father In ks upon tne with reproach. though he says no-ling. Mv mother rates me morning, noon, and nigLi. 'I hese k preaches eink into uiy very eouI, i brother; jet I can do nothing to efCHje Ihini. What, j have 1 lo say, sLo asks me, against that pnor fellow ? j Is ho not my old oompanion — mv old friend - tny old ; playfellow ? Have I not known him all my 1 fe ? Is it not certain that he loves me fondly ? l)o 1 want a man sent down from heaven direct ? What am I to do, ! Nevill ? What to eav ? Oh ! What to do or to say ? ' ' If I were you, Sylvia, I would send for George and j say yes, without more ado. You would thus make him I happy and yourself too ; because, sure I am that you could not be happy unless he, too, shared in vour joy.' 'I cannot— oh! 1 cannot. For the very life of me, I cannot.' 'Why not? 'What is to prevent you? Why, ei.-ter, you were not wont lo be so dainty and whim sical. You cannot expect a man to be made on purpose for you. Besides, you were always so fond of him.' At there words she fell to crying pitifully ; but for some tiire would say nuthing to tho put pose. So 1 waited, only begging her to fell me all, if only to lightin her heart — which this kind of confession some times does wonderfully. ' You call it a whim, Nevill. When did you know me to have whims at all ?' No, nor any one else — no one ever knew her to have whims. A more honest girl never lived, nor a more candid eouI. Sylvia was never whimsical. ' I will try to tell you,' she said, 'what has be fallen me. 1 will tell it as well as 1 can. You won't laugh at me, Nevill, because it is as true as deith, and more dre9d' lul lo me than death it-elf. But I am afraid — I sball tell the story badly — you will not believe me ? ' ' I shall believe you, sister lie sure ot lint.' ' It began a month ago ? ' ' What began ?' be cause here she ste pped short. ' Brother, I must tell you that every day I thought upon George. Never a day passed but he was in my mind. ' Now,' 1 said to my self, ' he is 18, ana a tall lad ; now he is 20, and aluiosi; a yuung man ; and now he is 22, and a stroDg and h proper man.' 1 fol lowed him in my thoughts, seeing him grow, aud ihinking where he might be — what he was doiog — what he was thinkiag. You know — l can surely till my own bi other — 1 al wave loved him.' I know you did, rav dear, which makes it the more wonder ful ? ' ' Wait. About a month a^ o,my thoughts began to be disturbed — and that eo strangely that 1 thought 1 must bedreiming. You know' theio are dreams, some times, which last after a person wakes up.' ' What kind of dream was this r' ' A dream about George. 1 thought that he had come home, Btrong and well -just sueh a handsome mijn as he is. i saw him open the door, and stand there for a mo ment; and then, just as he stepped for ward with his eyes bright and his lips parted, and his hands out stretched ? ' 'Well:' For here she slopped again. ' it was a dream of the ni^ht, first oi all,' bhe repeated, as if try ing to explain the thing to her own mind ; '? only a dream at first — oniy a dream— 1 eaid to uij self that it was nothing more ; but then it wouldn't go away. The dream grew bigger. I saw in my dream the ship sailing home, with all her sails set, with a lair wind. Oh! aud 1 saw Georga himself on the depk— r handsome and Btrpug. He was laughing #nd talking with his ship mate.-', as is his way ; I saw his face quite plain. Oh, quite plain ! His haodsome, lovely face ! Oh, I loved it ! — I loved it ! ' ' Why, there, there, Sylvia ! ' 1 cried, in terrupting her ; ' you red that you do love him sti'l — you confess it!' ' Alas! I have always loved him, and yet ? . But you shall hear. I even seemed in my 6- ream able to read hit* very heart, and it was full of love— oh, full of love!'— here her voice choked — 'of Inve of :ne ! And then, as the ship came nearer and nearer to Ihe pori, there gfrew up in mv mind a horrible, a ditaaiul fteling — un- natural. It makes me Ehiver and shudder only t-- think of it, and jet 1 cou'd not put it from me. , TbHt was at firtt in the night only. But when I awoke in the morning, though 1 knelt and prayed that it rnight be taken out of my mind, in my heart it never j was, it remained. It stayed and it grew— it grew, it grew — yes, day and night it grew more and more, until my whole mind was full of' it ! ' She shuddered and trembled, and caught my hand again. ? ' But what feeling, Sylvia? Tell me more.' ' I know not why, or for what cause— nay, there was no cause. God knows — Nevill — how will you believe mc 'r Gporge became to me— what shall I say r 1 oame to treuib e at the thought of him— to shudder and shiver— lo think of bim with a kind of sickness und dif'gust — why ? why r ' ' To think Of George — George — with disgust?' ' Y'cs. 1 here is no other word. He whom 1 have always loved btcame in my mind, and against my will — against my prayers— though I strove against it with all my heart— became an object of loalhing to me, eo that— I say again, solemnly— to think ot his face made me shudder, and to think of his touch caused me such shame and disgust that I cannot express it in any words at all. My soul i6 filled « with loathing when I think of him— and that is day and night.' Ton may believe that by this time I was amazed in deed. 1 knew not what to tbiok, or what to say. At first I could only stare open-mouthed into tbe stars above ns. ' Oh ! But this,' 1 presently (old her, ' is a case for a physician. It is a disorder of the nerves, Sylvia. It is some disease which has fallen upon you.' ' Perhaps— but jou have called in to me physicians of the eoul ae well as of the bod}-, and they have availed nothing. Did one ever hear of a girl who loved yet loathed her lover ? i know not who put this thing into tnv mind, nor why. 1 know hot why it will not leave me for all my prayers.' ' Well, but seeing it was like an evil dream, it should have vanished when George came home.' She cried out as if. 1 had struck her a violent blow. ' Oh ! you 6aw— you saw. All of you saw. 'When he stood at the open door, it was the very face which I had eeen ih my dream;— Oh ! the same honest tace, bright with joy. And then, when I should have been moved to tears of joy, I was seized with a loathing worse— worse— far worse than I had ever felt before. My soul turned sick only to look at him. And when he would bave taken my hand — I — but you were there — you know.' *' You swooned, sister. You fell into a dead faint, no* once, but twice.' This was her story, and a strange story it is. For you are to believe, if you caD, that a girl of cftlm temper, good judgment, balanced mind ; not a whim sical pirl : not fgiven, as some jjirlt', to hysterics, or to vain imagit'ioiri-, or, an I have heard of some, to ibe invention of lab'e^, lies, and fahe chaiges against innocent j- crsons; such a girl mb S» Ivia, quite sud denly, and without ouuee or motive, i-onceived in her miod a deadly loathing of n man whom tho had pre viously loved — such a loathing us is cot hatred, but a natural shrinking back from contact, as one shrinks back from a snake — so that for him to touch her hand filled her with disgust unutterable, and bad he kissed her she would have fallen sick. This is what you .-.dfet mubt believe. Why, for my own part, I am not a physician, and i pretend to no opinion at all except thnt 1 think tbere may be perhaps diseases of the mind which correspond to those of the body, could one find them our. For instance, one falls suddenly into a fever, or boils and bluins burst forth upon tbe flesh without apparent cau-e, or one falls into a fit without knowing why. So correspondent disorders may fall upon tbe mind ; and if one could discover the convspjndent treatment they might be dealt with just as their cog nates or similitudes iu the body. But I know cot unto what disease of the brdy 1 wunld liben Sylvia's case. That is for a physician to consider. You may understand that this confession was not made without many pangs, and tears, and sighs, that seemed to tear the poor child asunder. When she had finished, and had somewhat recovered her composure, I to!d her she should sit no longer thus among the tombs, and 1 led ber out of the burying ground into the Sisters' Close. ' . Here a light in the window showed that the Lit u tenant and Sister Katharine were e;tting together, - ? - * ... doubtless talking ever their trouble. I, for my own part, was loo much astonished to attempt any judg ment. Consider the strangeness of ihe case thus submitted to a young man of no experience, and that this was also the case of his only sister. What we had mistaken at first for disorder of the brain caused by sudden j oy-— or even for a girlish whim, coquetry, or skittishness— was nothicg less than a dreadful posses sion overmastering the poor child's soul. We stopped for a few moments in the Close to reBt her limbs. Then 1 asked her whe* her sbe bad per haps suffered ber mind' to dwell, .upon something unworthy of George. Because I had read .of men being punished by their own evil thoughts becoming their masters. But, indeed, her pure eoul was in capable of dwelling upon thoughts of wickedness. I asked her, further, if she had communicated this matter to any one— to her mother, for instant, or to her reverend godfather when he called upon her. She replied that she had not dared' to speak of the thing to any one ; that ahe had not been able to speak of it ; that when she' tried to tell Dr. Lorrymore she had been prevented by some means or other, eo (hat | she could only give hi 1 11 to understand that she felt ns ] one abandoned by God Himself, aad tbercfoce-n lo-r, despairing eoul ; but only this evening had she t*lt able j to speak to me. j 'My dear,' I aaid. 'this is a case for one much | wiser than I. Shall 1 lay the whole matter before your godfather P Give me permission, and I will seek him to-morrow evening at his llectory House, in Walbrook. I will tell him all, mid ask his counsel. It may be that in a matter which belongs to the soul a learned divine, when he knows the whole trutn, may prove the better physician.' Sbe ssii] I might do as I pleased: but that T was to teli no one else, for sbe feared greatly lest there should be idle gossip over her— and indeed there was already, a* you have seen, penty of talk, and everybody knew that George hid come home full of love, and that his misstress scorned him. 'Come, my dear,' I said, 'you have now told me all, Let ub go bome, end you shall rest. You will be happier for bavin? told somebody. Nav — this evening may prove the begianing of betterment.' She took my bund again, and we walked round the west end of tbe churcb, where the school is built against he wall, lliere is a place cal'ed the Queen's Close. It is a little court containing certain houees, where reside some of tbe inferior officers of the Precinct — among them the untioolniii-tfr, Richard Archer. Alight was in the window, und as we passed we heard him playing upon the violoncello. But, Heavens ! whit playing — what music was that ! Heard one ever such music ? it was now like unto the cursing of a mai in a rago; now like the shrieking of one in torture : mw like the wailing and weeping of a woman in sorrow ; now it showed the desperate courage of one who IhhiIm a forlorn hope; now the madness of (kilting; now tbe subdued whisper of one who plans revenge ; now repressed hatred. I know that tbis may seem incredible, b it to us tbe violoncello spoke this way ?as clearly a« with h voice human. The music seemed to be, to me, from ncwilling strings, as if the instrument wa* -orhn*llpd against its will. We stopped »n-l listened. None had ever heard such muftic. Yet I remembered bow once, seping the church . doors op°ned, I walked in and heard this same man . playing uoin the organ, he being at the time organist t - the Ilo-pitHl. mu^ic which seen.ed half lamentation, \- half wrntli. 'I lie music revealed all the passions, con flicting topoher. I kn^w the man, we were at school together; b« of .my. .age; man and boy he was always the same iu temper, tnorose, harsh, nnd gloomy. He lived in the houte as-igned to him with his mother:, he consorted with no one ; he had no friends or asso ciates. . ! ' Why,' 1 said, ' it is the music of a man in a rage. Is the schoolmaster in a rage with all the world ?' ' Come away,' cried Sylvia, dragging- me. 44 Come quick. Oh! that musicdrives me mad.' We stopped in the Brothers' Close to listen again. Tha sound was softened by the distance, and now the music seemed as if children were .sobbing and weeping. '? Let us stay here a moment,' said Sylvia. 44 There , i j something else that I must tell you.' ; The Brothers' Close of St. Kath°riqe's is a quad- I r-ngle runn'nsr round three sides ot a t-quarc. The I twisters' Housn ia on the north side, an ancient timbered j ' 1iou«r with gable*: on either side are th' Houses of j tbn Brothers and tbe' Commissary ; on the south side, fepurate'l by an npeq flagged court, stands the church ; Hni on the east side, adjoining ttie Brothers' Houses, is the Chapter House of Ihe Society, whero the lirothois and Sisters meet to conduct tbe business ofthe llospiril. A deep cloister, over which stand houses, runs, round tbe three sides, and in tbe midst ia a fair lawn. Here, but with other buildings, was the principal court when tbc place was a monastery, and tbe sisters were nuns, and the brothers monks, -or at least clergy.' The brothers have always wandered round and round the-o ?„ , cloisters; it is a place 'venerable alike for its age and for the memory of the - pioue and learned men whoBe footstepB have lingered day after day under its shelter and in its sunshine. On such an evening as tbis one may almost, methiiiks, hear their feet still softly tread ing the flags. When on this night the moonlight falls upon the place nne may even see thin ghostly forms flitting about am'«n? tho pillars and across the la «n. Such a place — so quiet, so ghostly, so retired formed a fitting spot f- r whit Sylvia had now to tell me. - ' Brother,' *he said, earnestly, ' what have I to do with that man ?' ' You, Sylvia ? Nothing.' u Have I evei associated with him ? Have I ever spoken to him r' ?' Sou, Sylvia ?'' I repeated. ' How should you know eucli a man? Uis mother was a laundress: nflerwards ehe became a dressmaker. She lived at first in tbe cheapest Aad v lest Jane of the Precinct. As for hi«-f*1h«)r- the Lord knows who he is. And as for the ' character of his mother — but that has been condoned by her good conduct. He is no companion for you, my dear. Wh* do jou«isk?' ' It is strange. How can I understand it?' ' Tell me, Sylvia— what more has happened?' ' This man— tbe schoolmaster— the man who now make' that music ? ' 'Well?' ' He can tell what is in people's mind*.' j u Nonsense, Sylvia. You are dreaming.' ? j ' No, 1 em not dremnirg. He can read thoughts ; ' lie known what I am thinking about.' '?'But child, he is the schoolmaster and the organic onlv. He is not *ven a learned man. How should he ; Itqo-«? anvthing but what he has learned in order, to i teach in school ?' ' Listen, then, brother ; and then doubt me if you can.' ' Are we all gone mad r' I replied. .'-.Sylvia, how should this man know anything about you at nil ?' ! ' Nevill,' she said, earnestly, ' that man knows i what is In people's minds.' ' What man F The schoolmaster F' I 'Yea. He has spoken to me : be knows what is in I mv mind. How does he know F' . 'Sister!' I repeated. 'Are we all mad P What ; does this mean? How should Archer know what no- i body knows except youreelfF' , ' 3,'hat I cannot tell you. But this is the fact. When ' did George come home r A fortnight ago. Well, it was on a Saturday evening. On the Sanday afternoon before that day * this man spoke to me and read my tli nights.' ' Wh*t? The schoolmaster? The organist ?' ' Yes— none other. He spoke to me then.' ' Go on. Sylvia,' I said, with increasing wonder. ! ' What did he say ?' ; ' I was walking alone in the orchard after dinner. I | waB greatly disquieted, by reason of this dream, which i never left me night or day, and because, tbongh I mnst i be continually thinking about George, it was with pain i and suffering indescribable.' ! ' Well F' 44 You know, Nevill, I never liked the man, though ! I bave seldom spoken with him. Besides, you never ; liked him. That set me against him, perhaps. He has a hard, morose face, and he looks revengetul.' ' He hates his father for the injury done to his mother, and be hates the world because of his own origin and his obscurity.' , ' Promise me, Nevill, that you will not fall into a i rage.' [ ' That, mv dear, is as it may be.' I ' Nay — promise - I have so much else to bear £h$t I . cannot endure to think of leading you into trouble.' ' Well, Sylvia, I will do my best. There are some things— but go on.' ' I was walking alone there in the orchard. And suddenly I met him in the path before me. 1 1 was just as if he had dropped from the skies. He did not offer to get out of my way; he stood in front of me as if resolved not to let me pass. Then a very strange thing happened. When I saw him standing before me in the pathi felt for him the same —exactly the same— loathing as in my day and night dreams I felt for George. Why ? For I have never thought of him except as the organist and the schoolmaster. He has been nothing to me— why should I feel anything about him— either j to be drawn towards him or to shrink back from him F' ? ? ' '? 1 ? 'Indeed, Sylvia, I cannot say that I understand anything at all in this business.' ' He .stood before me, I say, holding out his arms so that I could not pi|s?. Then he smiled .and said, 'A chinge has come upon your heart, and love has turned to hatred. Love, will never cvimo back jvhen hatred has once occupied the heart.' 4 What do you mean, sir ?' I a9ked him. He smiled again. , 4 Since/ he said, 4 you can no longer endure to think upon him, be content to ' put him out of. your mind altogether. Then you will be happy again.' I asked him once more what he meant. 4 Surely,' he said, 4 you know what I mean. I know what is in your heart. It began about a week »go. It will grow and grow until it entirely occupies you.' How thould he know this, Nevill ?' ' Nay, do not ask me. I am bewildered.' 'But that was not all. He went on. He said, * Sylvia, when love is turned to loathing, all is dote. The old love is dead. Time, then, to think of new love to be born in the ashes of the old. I am as yet only tbe schoolmaster and the organist. Wait a little. Give me time. Give me a chance. A splendid future opens out before me.. You would like to be a great lady F l'ou shall. I have had my fortune told. You shall if you like.* More he would have said, but I pushed bim - from me, and tnraed and ran back hornet.' ' We are indeed all madtogetter. Richard Archer t« read your thoughts? But bow? Richard Archer to dare make love to yon. Why, Sylvia, if George knew this be would oudgel the roan 'to a bag of broken bones. Archer offer to make yon a great lady F' ' Brother,' sbe replied. 'I am possessed — I am sure I must be— possessed of the Devil, and this knows it. He is perhaps in league with the Devil. For in ... deed what else can this mean but possession F For, in deed, as you know, I still love George . with all my ; heart, with all my soul, and with all my strength, yet f loa'he to think of him — I cannot endure hie presence — I would rather be pierced with a sword than feel his j hand in mine. And ju*t in the Rime manner— exactly | ip the same manner — I loathe ihe schoolmaster. Oh ! \ brother — who will 6ave me? Who will help meF' I could ntither help her nor save her, nor advii-e her, , because 1 was wholly lost — I understood nothing. I could only promise tfiat I would lay everything before her reverend godfather, and this promise 1 never per formed on account of the trouble that befel myself the very day after. Sylvia wrung her hands and sobbed and cried. We wept: together for the pity of it and our helplessness. When 1 thought of it afterwards I concluded that she must have . been mad and dreamed these things. The schoolmaster had not, in truth, -met her or spoken with her. She mnst be mad. 'Let us go home, dear,' I said presently. 'You j shall sleep tbe better for telling me this. It will prove,' i I repeated, '.the beginning of your recovery.' i Again we heard tbe music of the schoolmaster's violoncello plainly, as if he had opened his window so ? that «e might bear the more c'early. The music was I ke the ago-.ised shriek of a soul in torture. 'Listen!' cried Sylvia. 'Thus I cry aloud night ? and day. Thus am I torn with pain — thus am 1 aban doned to tbe torments of devils. Oh, brother! it is my very soul tbat cries out, and not music made by man!' (To be continued.) 