LADY PEARL. CHIAPTERI VIII. Lord Ardinlaun looked with no pleasure upon the prospect of going to Brighton, and could he, with any show of decency, have returned to Scotland, he would have done so. But the interests of Lady Pearl demanded that he should not abandon southern society yet, and he set about getting a suitable place. 'Brighton is dearer than London,' sighed Lady Ardinlaun, ' but if Pearl marries well Melville will compensate us.' 'I don't know,' replied Lord Ardinlaun, shaking hiis sagacious head. ' Melville is going ahead, and he will damage Denvilles before he comes really into possession of it. When that is done lie will have nothing to spare.' But it was destined that. they were not to go to Brighton, but to a very different place, and it came about in this way. Lucy Dashwood, who had met Pearl at Richmond, fell in love with her there as much as one woman can fall in love with another, and in her strong, healthy, irresistible fashion, laid seige to her heart. * I want such a friend as you,' she said, 'and it strikes me that you have no bon camarade among our sex.' ' I have not thought of making a friend,' Pearl said. 'Then think of it now,' replied Lucy. ' Here is an opportunity that may never occur again. Embrace it.' Pearl laughed and, really liking Lucy, encouraged her, so that they were soon last friends, thereby affording another illustration of the magnetic influence opposites natures have for each other. Lucy Dashwood was full of life, with the full charms that are rather popular everywhere, and are particularly ensnaring to men like Tommy Dray, while Lady Pearl possessed a beauty that asserted itself, but quietly laid hold of the senses and gently steeped them with a lotus-like power of love, ' Where are you going after this season?' asked Lucy. ' To Brighton, I think,' Pearl answered. 'To Brighton? Indeed I' said Lucy, with a shrug of contempt. 'And what sort of life will you lead there? Salt water bath in the morning, stroll on the promenade, late breakfast, and drive up down that everlasting King's Road, luncheon, then drive again, then dinner, then a drowsy evening, and finally to bed, with a heart as weary as a monotonous life can make it.' ' But there is some society there,' urged Pearl. 'So there is, but no freedom,' said Lucy. 'Now give up the Brighton idea, and come to our place in Essex. We have a tumble down old home there called the Dumbe dikes. Curious name, isn't it ? But it is a curious place-all odds and ends and holes and corners.' ' Then indeed it must be an odd place.' 'You understand me? It's big and rambling, and with ghosts and all that sort of thing, and it is there we go for three months in the year and fill the place with guests. We are poor, you know, but we economise for nine months to do the big thing, and for three months I assure you we do it.' ' You are very frank,' said Lady Pearl, laughing. ' Why should I not he?' asked Lucy, ' especially with you. But let me go with the allurements of Dumbedikes. It is such a glorious place for spoons.' 'My dear Lucy-spoons--' Yes, spoons; it is the best word I know of for that very popular tomfoolery, and it is very enjoyable after all. I have secured my cavalier. You know Tommy Dray ?' ' Of course. 'Well, that is my spoon, a and very good one too. Meg has got young Claverly, of the Guards-only a temporary affair that -and now is there anybody you would like me to ask?' ' No one, thank you,' Pearl said, with a little additional colour in her cheeks. ' But I have not accepted yet. I must consult Lady Ardinlaun.' 'Will you come if I win her over ?' With pleasure,' replied Pearl, stifling a sigh. Pleasure was very seldom by her side now, but where was Hugh Egerton ? If he could have been invited there might have been some joy in going down to the oddly-named Dumbedikes, but now it really mattered to her very little whither she went. The invitation proved to be very accept able to the Ardinlauns. It would save the expense of a house at Brighton, and as there was to be a goodly company Lord Ardinlaun thought Pearl would have as good a chance of securing a husband there as she would have had by the sea, ' Better,' said Lady Ardinlaun. ' For real, genuine love-making there is nothing like the freedom of a country house. Colonel Dashwood left most of the in viting to his daughters, and only asked a few particular friends, but he took the precaution to look at their list before asking anybody, in case the Dumbedikes should be overtaxed. He performed this task the day after Pearl and the Ardin launs were invited, and found he had room for two men beyond those he had already invited. 'I shall fill up the gaps at the club,' he said, 'You have nobody you particularly care for, I suppose ?' 'No,' replied Lucy, merrily, 'I have my dear little man, and Meg has her poodle. We shall do for the present. Invite somebody for Lady Pearl.' ' Not a bad idea,' said the Colonel, and went olff to his club. There he asked Harry Delormes. who knew everything about everybody, who would be the two best men to invite, and was promptly told that Lord Raidenstore and Sir Charles Friarly were the men he wanted. 'And Friarly a widower of two months only I' exclaimed the Colonel. SHe is dreadfully spoony on Lady Pearl,' said Harry Delormes. 'What matters how long it is since he lost his last? He is not a man to compute time in a love affair.' So the Colonel obeyed the decrees of fate, and did his share of bringing the men whose lives were invisibly linked together under his roof. He looked them up, spoke in a casual way of the people who were going to Dumbedikes, and both men accepted readily. The colonel and his two handsome girls left town the next day accompanied by one of the guests only-viz, Tommy Dray, who bad promised to make himself useful in getting the tennis court and archery ground in order. He was dreaJfully in love, and sat very close to Lucy all the way down, while Meg and the colonel talked in whispers and looked out of the opposite window at the decidedly uninteresting country spread out before their eyes. Lucy was not what might be called a vain woman, but she liked to be admired, and Tommy's intense admiration was not distasteful to her. 