■ BBO ADBEIM'S N E W YOEK , LETTER. It's "a mighty poorfcy foight as it shtands. David Bennett Hill is Governor, David Bennett Hill is Senator. But a man can't hold two offices at once. Oh, can't he though ? but he does. He is the Senator de facto and the Governor dejmv, and there he proposes to stick, till Congress assembles i in December next; and what are you going '■ | to do about it. Jones, the man who always pays the freight—and who by the grace of I God and a majority of good Democrats, votes (four thousand more than Hill got), ; is Lieutenant Governor of the State of New i York—thinks that the proper thing for David B. to do, would be to step down and out. David B. don't see it in that light— that is, not as Jones sees it—so he proposes to stick. Jones wants to be Governor and says so, for Jones is not the man who believes that his or any man's kerosene lamp should be concealed by half a peck measure. No doubt Jones would make an excellent Governor, he makes the best scales that are now on the market, and you can get them as cheap in California or Maine as you can in New York; for Jones always pays the freight, and tliafs the reason that Jones is popular. Now he is not only a successful business man; he has a respectable sized bar'l; and he has done good service for his country. When the cry rose from beleagured Washington in 1861, it was Jones who pays the freight, who led the Sixth Massachusetts through the streets of rebellious Baltimore and by his timely aid, saved the capital. But the fellows who make the slates, don't like Jones, and apj>arently they have elected him to stay at home, but they don't know Jones. The man who carried his life in his hands through the blood-stained streets of Baltimore, doesn't scare for a cent before a crowd of Tammany heelers. Jones is a Democrat dyed in the wool, and he is going into the next Democratic convention, and he says he is bound to win, Hill or 110 Hill, for it is generally understood that the next Governor, whoever he may be, must not be averse to sending David B. to the White House. But there be wheels within wheels. Mayor Cliapin of Brooklyn was slated for the Governorship, and the most formidable candidate on the list; but Mr. Cliapin got caught in a rather bad snap, which prac tically lays him on the shelf. A band of political schemers secured a franchise from the Legislature to supply the town of New Lots with water. New Lots was a suburb of Brooklyn, and by a recent law was made part of the city. The water pirates made a show of laying pipes and supplying water and claim to have laid out two hundred thousand dollars, but the affair was such a dead failure that the stock sold for thirty cents on the dollar. This stock was gathered in by a lot of notorious politicians, and when the union was consummated between New Lots and Brooklyn they offered to sell their water plant to the city of Brooklyn for one million and three hundred thousand dollars. Mayor Chapin and two others in secret council agreed to give the rascals this enormous amount of the city's money. A public spirited citizen named Ziegler heard of the infamous transaction, and at his own proper cost procured an injunction and after a trial quashed the sale and saved the city a million. This was a terrible knock out for the young man of destiny, Mr. Chapin. Three months ago and the Capitol in Albany was in full sight with a fresh breeze and a flowing sail. To-day it is questionable if you could elect him a constable. But there be other's who would like to occupy Governor Hill's vacant chair when it is a vacant chair, and a notable figure for the place is Senator Colonel Bill Brown. He is the gentleman who gave that remarkable dinner at the Manhattan Club where Cleveland and Hill were brought together—a very difficult job by the way, for it was said that Cleveland thought Hill sold him out in the Presidential election when he was defeated, and Hill said that if Cleveland ever said so he was a or words to thateffect. Well, Brown broughtthem toget her; lie gave them a first-class dinner, and he had little ducks swimming around in a pond of real water in the middle of the table. The dinner was a miracle of the cuisine, and the wines. Oh my, my, my! Well they were ?—Yes, they were, but that made no difference to the Governor, for he neither drinks nor smokes, but Grover does, and after dinner one account of the meet ing was that the ex-Presinent rushed into the Governor's arras and said, Dave, old boy, how are you ? The Governor reached half way around the ex-President's ponderous girth, and said, Grover, old top, I feel bully! how's the old gal ? There were forty-seven different accounts of the meeting the next morning, and not two of them alike. Every respectable journal in the city had three separate interviews by eye-witnesses, and every one was different. One account said they merely noticed each other, and another that only the presence of the gallant Colonel Brown prevented them from coming to blows. You pays your money and you takes your choice. Well, the upshot of it is that CoL Brown is a candidate for Governor, and he is going for it tooth and nail. Boswell P. Flower, Congressman from the 12tli Congressional District, has intimated that he might be persuaded to accept, &c.;, &c.s; &c.; Jones was in hopes that March 14th would settle it—it has Hill sticks. It's a long jump from politics to litera ture, but I take it for the sake of getting out. This week we had the Brayton Ives sale of rare old books and priceless manu scripts, such as one meets only a few times in a life. Rare, indeed, and choice were they, for they contained in their wondrous pages the garnered wisdom of the world for ages. Many of the matchless volumes were hoary with age and sanctified by associa tion. The company brought together at this sale was such as is not often met with in an auction room. It lacked the fierce business speculative element that you meet with in art sales, where the purse-proud parvenu bears off the prize he can never appreciate, from the lover of art to whose life it would have been a well-spring of delight. It was a grave, reverend and scholarly crowd, and even the dealers who secured some of the choicest prizes, were the intellectual peers of any of the com-. pany. The great interest of the sale centered in the Gizttenberg Bible, of which few copies exist, and a man might live a long life and never see another offered for j sale. After an exceedingly sharp competi- | tion it was knocked down for fourteen | thousand dollars. What! fourteen thou- ! sand dollars for a Bible ? Yes, what's that ? j Why, eighteen thousand five hundred dol- j lars was paid for an insignificant piece of , pottery—the Peach Blow Vase, and by the I bye here is something for bric-a-brac hun- 1 ters to reflect on. In this collection is a Peach Blow "Vase j Mr. Brayton Ives by his catalogue conveys the idea that this is the real Simom Pure Peach Blow Vase. It i is generally accepted that the vase pur- : chased at the Morgan sale by Mr. Walters of Baltimore is the genuine article. The only way to settle it would be for rome of our Croesus to buy both. I have no doubt but forty or fifty Thousand would do it. Who'll bid ? But to return to the Gutten berg Bible. Why should it not be rever ©eoed P Why should it not <XBnm3itd a. nji^htv price ? It is the most sacreu volume known to Christian literature. It the grandest revolution m intellectual advancement that the world has s^n srnoe creation's dawn. It not only made God s gospel possible to untold millions yet to b~, tout it was an incentive to genius and philo sophy to give its hoarded wisdom wings that it might become the common heritage of man for all future time. Chicago secured the Guttehburg Bible; and while I think New York would have been a more fitting custodian, and the Metaopohtan Art Museum a more worthy temple lor its keep ing if it had to go away I am glad Chicago o-ot it, and hope that it may lead to a spirit Sal revival among the hard characters with which that city abounds, so that by the time the Fair is started in 1893, it may have had a moral and spiritual purgation that shall make it almost as virtuous as New York. , ,, There are many other books, notably tne ; " Book of the Hours," which brought five thousand dollars, and a great number ofsmall : works were sold from five hundred to a j thousand dollars. I was never more mi- ; pressed in my life with the thorough re- : spectability and intellectual superiority of any company than I was with that whicli . attended the Brayton Ives sale. Every ■ institution of learning in the city was | represented and most of the great colleges . throughout the land. I was sorry to see j the collection scattered, but such is fate. j The Bloomfield-Turner divorce case has j muddled the social current of the week j bringing untold shame and grief on two ot . the most worthy and respectable families j in either city. Oh, mystery of mysteries. "Week after week in our police courts I see wretched women, ragged and miserable, beaten and bruised beyond recognition by human brutes to whom they hare clung1 ror years. They never run away. They never seek divorce. They stand, by the contract to the gates of death. The husband goes to States Prison. They wait his coming back through sorrow and poverty for years. But our court calenders are full of divorce cases of fine ladies and fine gentlemen who have every comfort that earth can give. Wives fly from elegant homes with gamblers, rogues and thieves, leaving hus band and children and honor behind. Men saczifice reputation, wife and. family, for creatures who are not worthy to wipe the hoes of the wife they leave behind. The Bloomfield case was particularly painful, for the father and mother of Mrs. Bloom field appeared against her. In the absence of her husband Mrs. Bloomfield fled from her home with a dissolute vagabond named Turner who himself had a lovely family , and a beautiful wife. Mrs. Bloomfield arrayed herself in boy's clothes and , travelled with Turner for weeks, and on their return they set up housekeeping to o-ether in New York. After concealing* themselves for weeks under an assumed name they were finally detected and hunted down, and the proofs were so conclusive that the jury was only an horn- and twenty minutes when Mr. Bloomfield secured his divorce. Doctor T. DeWitt Talmage at last sees daylight for his new temple which has been under a cloud for several weeks past hampered by a builder's lien of $76,654. It is now proposed to put on a now mortgage , and issue §250,000 bonds for the same, bearing an interest of 5 per cent. Doctor Talmage has taken §25,000, Russell Sage S125,000, and two of the officers $20,000 more. The work is now to be pushed, and the tabernacle "will be dedicated in ^ the early summer. A. series of concerts is to be given for the benefit of the church, and a number of the principal opera singers have been engaged; selections from all the principal operas will be given, and a large amount of shekels is expected to be gathered in. If Tzar Reed is dead,as the World assures us that he is, it was a lively ghost that stalked forth the other night at Beliuonieo s, His Republican friends gave him a dinner, and Chauncey Depew presided. R?ed had a glorious time and started for Maine on Friday feeling ten years younger that when he left Washington on Thursday morning. On the same train came Chai*les H. Turner, more widely known as Turner the Iceman, who for the past two years has represented the 6th or Swallow-tailed District in Con gress. Mr. Turner, a Democrat, slipped in a Republican District on one of those unac countable tidal waves that occasionally revolutionize politics. Turner was a hustler from Hustlerville, and he had an immense opinion of Turner. It was a forlorn hope, so Tammany gave him the empty nomina tion, and Turner went in to win; he posted his own bills, he harangued crowds on street corners with his paste pot by his side and an ice-hook in his belt. Congress man Flower sent him money and gave him two new suits of clothes, and when Turner o-ot to Washington he forgot the friends that helped him. The big head attained him, Tammany dropped him, and he is now looking for another ice-cart. How to Wabd off Old Age.—Intemper ance anticipates age. The more the social causes of mental and physical organic diseases are investigated, the more closely the origin of degenerative organic changes leading to premature deteriorations and decay are questioned, the more closely does it come out that intemperance, often not suspected by the person himself who is j implicated in it, so subtle is its influence, j is at the root of the eviL When old age J has really commenced, its march towards | final decay is best delayed by attention to those rules of conservation by which li£» is sustained with the least friction and the least waste. The prime rules of this pur pose areTo subsist on light but nutritious diet, with milk as the standard food, but varied according to season. To take food, in moderate quantities, four times in the day, including a light uieal before going to bed. To clothe warmly but lightly, so that the body may, in all seasons, maintain its equal temperature. To keep the body ; in fair exercise, and the mind active and cheerful.. To. maintain an interest in what is going on the "world, and to take p&rt; in reasonable labors and pleasures, as though old age were not present. To take plenty of deep during sleeping hours. To spend nine hours in bed at the least, and to take care during cold weather that the temperature of the bedroom is maintained at 60 deg. Fahr. To avoid passion, excite ment, luxury.—Dr Richardson. According to Shakespeare, justices of the peaca were in Elizabeth's reign distinguish ed for 'beards of formal cut,' and soldiers were 'bearded like the pard.' Pope Julus II. was the first Bishop of Rome who wore a beard There are on record some remarkable cases of beards growing on the chins of the gdskesex. 