. GENERAL NEWS, -. — —a — . 8.8. Pout riinia,— Thn Tysflr liuor e.s, POrb Plrio finished taking in her cargo on Saturday, and left on tho iiouioward vuyugo yuitcrdny. The partiuul.ira of the cargo aro not procurable yet. SnhEcrioN.— A proclamation in the Oovcfti-r- nn ml Giisclln of September 5 t hrows opoh f4U5 selection the iinsnrvcyecl Crown lands in thtfT Parishofl of Stanwoll and Plnvfnir, within Agricultural Arou No, 1 to tlio Diortli-wcsL ol the railway line, being about 25 square tnileB in extent ; this land was opened for beloc- tion In Decembor, 1880, but afterwards with drawn. '.i'lin'CiriNKsis Wad. — Thooivil warbotwoen tho local Chinode roeidout3 still continues, and tho Police Court on Saturday morning saw yot another case. On this occasion, William Keo; tho keopor of tho alleged gambling, shop, bro'dght a charge against Jimmic Kin Sin, ouo of tho prlucipal Att nosaes in tho gambling cases, of having stolen the sum of JLil- 10s, The accused was remanded till Wednesday. Thu Weather. -Tho weather still con tinues iiuo throughout tho district; but the' tomperuturtl is much higher. Tho maxi mum and minimum of siindo host recorded durincr tbo 24 hours ending at 0 a.m. on Saturday wore : — Rockhampton, max. 65, min. 54; Brisbano, 70, 45; Bustard Hoad, 74, 62; Ofatcombe Head, 77, 62; St. Law- renco, 89, 57; Muokny; 83, 54; Emorald, 85, 47 ; Alice, 86, 40. Pastoralists' Executive. — Mr. J. M. Niall, General Manngor of tho Central Quccnsinnd Pastoralists' Association, re turned to Rodkharaplon on Friday night, from a long tour of inspection through tha Western disbriols, having visitod; amongst others, thoBO of Iluglionden nnd Wintoii; He expressed himself as highly satisfied with tho Btate in wliioh he found things thorp; work being pursued quietly and uninter ruptedly. Sad Accident. — Intelligence reaohod the police yesterday that a miner, namod Friiuk Simpson, was killed at Bhickfellow's Gully ou .Saturday. It appenrd that Simpson was standing or the side of nu old alluvial work ing. wh'-n the cide of tho shaft gave way suddenly, ar.d tho unfortunate man wa3 i>ro- cioitato'l int.-> the yawn'mg hole. When ex- tree-, ted life was extinct. Ciptain Bennett, lu.-,(iee!r,r of Mine", left yesterday for tbo scene of the accident, to inquire into all tho circumstances attending tho sad occurrence. Lounb Akson Case. — On Saturday morn ing intelligence was received hy the autho rities here that no hill had been tiled against tho men charged with sotting fire to tho Lome woolaheds. Accordingly, the 16 men who have been in custody for some timo back on this charge, were liberated on tho same morning. As far ns thu latu strike is concerned, this now leaves only thoso men charged with tlio Ebor Creek Bridge out rage to be tried at the Supromo Court Ses sion?. Anotiif.u Nuisance. — Some liino back a great deal of nnnoyaueo wns caused to the resident's in North Kookhnmpton, owing to the presence of certain blocks in tho Queon's Park, and tho nuisunco grew so grave that the authorities had to intervene and turn the intruders oil. Wu wore informed on (inturday that a similar nuisance Iins sprung up on this side of the livor, residents at the Hospital ridge, nud at tbo back of Atholatnnc Range, having b -en greatly nnnoyeafeiytely by a number of aboriginals who) "jgnaken up thoir quarters there, and a of alarm has been caused within tluHlSsc (lay or two by drunken or semi-drunken blacks in this qunrlur. IIosriT.vr, Report. — Tho following is tho report of tho P. C. r.nd L. D. Hospital for tho w.'ck ending Friday, 11th instant: — Re maining in,. September 4: males, 29 j females, Males, 6 j females, 1. Total, 7. Disehargod during the week: Males, 7; females, 4. Total, 11. Remaining ia Hospital : Malea, 27'; females, 9. To1 a), 36. One death occurred (luring thn week — J nines Charlton, 60, Eng land. 'L'he Resident surgeon acknowledges with thanks tho receipt of flowers from Uracowero School children por St. Paul's Guild and tho W.C T. Onion ; fish from 3\. W. Merry. The Visiting Committee for September consists of Mossrs. J. Ste()hensOD, W.Thompson, IT. Williams. Hosprrar. SuNDAY.--At St, Paul's Church, yesterday, Bishoi) Dawes preached two very eloquent and impressive sermons, to good congregations. Tho discourse in the morn ing was taken from 1 John iii. 17: "But wi.oso hath this world's goods, and eceth his brothor have need, and shutteth up bis bowols of compassion from him, how dwolloth tlio lovo oc God in him ? aud that in tho evening from Luko vii. 13: "And when tho Lord saw her JTe bad couinassion on her. and sni-1 unto her, Weep not." Tn both sermons Ilishop Dawes brought prominently beforo his hearers our Saviour's treatment of tbo sick and the (>uor, and our duty to act up to tho Scriptural commands as much as lay in our lower. JTe also expressed it hipo that next year " Hospital Sunday " would bo ob served by all denominations on tho same day, so that by ono united effort a groator blessing might result. Ho concluded oacli sermon with nn earnest appeal to givo liberally to this ' very deserving and necessary institu tion. The offertories for tho day amounted to .£19 0a lOd. Tin: Bmr.e Society. — Yesterday morning Rev. Henry T. Kobjohns, M.A., preached in thu Congregational Church, from St. John xx., 30, 31. His subject was tho triumphant position of tho Fourth Gospel at tlio close of tbo nineteenth century. Ho doscribed tho centuries, during which the Fourth Gospel had been unanimously accopted ns t ho work of St.. John : thon tho tremendous assault upon its genuineness delivered for no vrly a hundred years ; and finally, tho uttor discomfiture of tho attack. It is now proved that St. John wrote it at the closo of tlio first century, at Ephcsus, to throw light upon tho turbulent darkness of that groat city, tn the evening, in the John linox Church, tlni pruaohor allowed from Matt, x., S, the duty of Christians to pass on tlio Divino Gift of Holy Scripture. This was illustrated t'rom the nature of the Bible; tho command of Christ; thu practice of Christians in all ages; tho inhorout newer of the book, and the perm inence "f Christian work when accompanied h.v tie distribution of tho Scripture'. The annual mooting will bo to morrow, in the U'osleyau Church, and ou Wednes lay t horo will lie a meeting in tho Primitive Methodist Church, North Kock- hainpton. Tuavem.inu Daiuy.— Wo learn tlmt tho Travelling Dairy, now at- Springsuro, is on- gaging a very great deal of attention, and that it has done a vast amount of excellent work, under the able direction of Mr. Baron Jiines. That, ccntlt'iimii. we are sorrv tosnv. ia far from being iu a good stato of health, and bin condition neerssilatos his taking a holiday, lio left Springnure on Friday, and loaves to-moi row night for tho South, for a holiday of about three weeks' duration. In the m.'iintimo Mr. J. Al'Cormiclt .-(yiSi) is acting ia connection with Mr. JojilSv will direct the operations of the Dairy. ' vm Mr. Jones' return it is probable that tho Dairy will go to Douglas Creek, Clermont, thence to Ihigantungan, and afterwards to Raglan and the 1.1 lam District. Numbers of appli cation-; have been leeeiv.-d from all parts of t he counlry for I lie Hervioos of the Dairy, but I hose still «ro under consideration. Wu are happy to record that Mr. Jones' tuition at Springsure has won the esteem of his pupils, who, beforo Iris departure tor bis holiday, procenlod him with a handsome ad dress and a valuable locket. - j i SunsouiiiEKs to his journal arc reminded tlmt subscriptions nro strictly payable in advance, ftiul that unlor.s arrears are paid up wo cannot uudorluko, to continue to forward tho papor R.J. CiiUtt. — A spe- tal n oeting of the committee of tho Rookluunptou Jochey Club, held on Saturday morning, conhniu'd the Bub-coinmitteo's report o:t the draft pro gratumo of ovonts for the RJ.C. Spring Meeting on Octobor 30 and 31. To Photograph utts. — To lot, a complete Studio, replete with every convenience, in , the Argus Chi: tuber.-;, Enst-strcet, now ocoupiod by Houry Gooilo for a num- v. ber of years. A splendid . opportunity for a first-class photographer, as : there is only one doing business in Roek- hamploti. A good chance for a Southern firm. Possession Can bo given niiout tho midd'e oE uuio. Apply J. 0. Buoxvne, Argus Olfioe.— Advt. RAtsfNabLEi'TUOEs.— Mr. W. Rawson, of . Arlington, Mussaahnsetts, has boon success ful in forcing, lettuces by tho electric light. A glass bouse, 200ft long by 24ft wide, was lighted t ill midnight for a month by one j lamp, at a cost of £3, and tho crop was ready for the' market in four-fifllis of the usual time In other words, theto was tho gain of a week in live, -which is, r f course, oonsider- abic, so fnrns tho early market is conoorncd-. j A Gambier Passenger. — Tho Queensland Times is .informed that amongst t he Gam- bier's passongers was a South Sea Islander, named John Walter, who had beou con verted to Christianity, and who had followed tho occupation of a gold minor. Ho had lmnn Tnmnnrnrilv in the Borvien of Miss Alioo Nicklin, of Brisbano. Soma little time -back he was robbed of tClOO, which he had intondod to utilise in paying a visit to his native island. It is worthy of mention that, a short tii.io ago, ho sent to England for a ease of Bibles, printed in tho Tongnn langungo, nnd caused them to bo distributed to his follow-countrymon. Waller is said to linvo been a very devout man, and to have lived an exemplary life. Wonderful Tunnelling. — The tunnels of tho wondorful railway now in conrno of construction through the Andes for tho pur- ' pose of establishing communication between tho Argentines and Chili aro being borod, it appears, by tlio ma or too electric current). Tho highest of the tunnels is about 10,000ft above son level, whilu the pioreod mountain is about 12,000ft. From Juncal, in Chili, to Quebcda Navarro, in the Argoutiues — a dis tance of about 14 miles — there nrc, it is stated, no fewer than eight tunuels, of a total length of nearly nine nnd a half miles. It having been found impracticable to employ stoain cngiuosfrom the groat expense of raising maohinea and fuel to so great an altitude, it was docidod to utilise the water power available in the valley for supplying the necessary power ; and the great turbines aro reported to he doing their work well. A Determined Embezzler. — A warrant lias been issued for t ho arrest of Ernest Bell, VU U CUIVtgU llllllUKbbtn tub su v»w»L»- noction with tho Australian Land nnd Banking Couipnny, in Sydn -y. Bell, who had been clerk in tho compnuy, had been re tained iu the employment of Mr. BroutnaB, tho liquidator of tho compnuy, lint he termi nated his engagement last week, llo ob tained tho key from the caretaker, who did not know he had left, and obtained nn entrance to the promises, nnd thus got to the books. Deficiencies have been discovered in liis nccouuts, but tho total amount caunot yet bo discovered. Bell has succeeded in obtainiug the confidence of a number of poople, for seme of whom he held p. overs of DyArney, aud they had entrusted hi. n with cvcStdorable suniB of money for hives: moiit. Heliod also become a partrer ill a li .-in iu Sydney, dealing in glassware. Diseased Cattle.— Complaints, unfortun ately only too well founded, have been made as to dishonest drovers having sold ,-attlo in their cbnrge along their route to market. Of course it is a difficult lnnlter for owners to make drovei-3 account for all losses attri buted to pleuro and knock lug-tip on the journey, and it is Rut ..Ljr/'-rropuuinoio nnd conscientious men. But like ovory other class there are blnck sheep amongst them. There is a provision in the Brnnds Act for tho protection of owners which does not appear to have been put into active operatiou. It iB contained in tho twenty first section, and is to the effect that anyone purchasing stock from n drover who does not produce tho written authority of his employer to sell any of the stock iu his charge is liable in a penalty of £50. If owners would refrain from giving this authority to any drover whoBe antecedents they do not knew, and if an example were rnado of those who pur chase from drovers who cannot show this authority, tho prnetico might to a large extent fall into disuse. The Czar Masquerading —One night, or rather morning (so writes G, A. Sala in tho Echoes of tbo Week,) when tho ball was over, His Imperial Majesty, with a lie-ivy fur pelisse over his demon's dress, liailod a hack drosebky, and bade the intvoscliik drive him to a house in a particular street, which waB, indeed, the residence of one of tho Czar's aides-de-camp. where lie intended to change his clothes. Tho droechky driver happened to be a professional robber and umrdorer, and ho drove his august faro down several dark stroets, and on to the frozen Neva, where ho intouded to slay his passenger, plunder the bedy, break a hole in the ice, aud throw the corpse into the river, to bo carried down to Cinnatndt. So, suddenly Btanding up in the sledge, and brandishing a hatchet, he cried out to his intouded vic tim: "I demand thy life I" But tho Czar nicoias stood up likewise — ho was almost a giant in stature— and, iu a stentorian tone, replied : " I deuraud thy soul ! " When tlio would-be assassin saw the moonbeams gleam ing on what he thought to be the very devil himself, horns, hoofs, tail, nnd all, lio uttered one appalling yell, fell backward, and pre sently gnvo up the ghost. A post mortem ex amination showed that ha was very far goao with disease of the heart. 