I ns Warneford Girds t; The house is very full. Fiorcnc', and• I thought you would not m:ud Elscpirg in this room,” Btncl Miry Warhc’crd, as she ushered nie into a large, airy bedroom, into which the bright rays of the settingeun were streaming gloriously on a certain efiernoon in a by-gone June. “ I really see r.o' visible reason why I should do so,’: I replied jestingly, with a smile. “I think it about as charming a room as it well can be.” The room is fairly pleasant in its way,” she returned carelessly. “Only, ae yon know, it is supposed to be haunted.” “ Haunted V” I repeated, rather aghast. “ Do yon mean to say that this is the haunted “ Yes, it is the room that is said to be haunted,’' she raplid quietly. “ Do yon ob ject to.it ? ft so,pray say so, dear.” Her words woks me to a sense of my duty to my hostess. “ Oh, dear, no,” I replied quiokly. “ I oall it most interesting ?” •• Vary interesting, no doubt, to those who believe in ghosts,” she returned quietly. “ I do not,or I need scarcely say I should not have put yon in this room.” " Of course, I know that, and of course the ghost question iB all nonsense,” I agreed lightly. “ Just so, dear,” she returned in the same toco. “I knew you were blessed with a little common sense, and that 'was why I selected you as a Buitable occupant for this room. Wo all know that you are quite above anything of this sort, and do not posseso such inconvenient things as * nerves.’ ” And with this flattering assurance ringing in my ears I found myself alone in the haunted room at Warneford Abbey. .1 looked curiously around it. A ebarm iag room certainly, but haunted, the haunted Now the haunted room at Warneford Abbey was about as well known as the haunted house in Berkeley Equare, and for years it bad been closely locked against all possible intruders. It was an understood fact that the late Sir Charles Warneford did not like any mention of the Warneford ghost to be made in his presence. There had been a charming mystery about the Warneford haunted room. 'Everyone told a different story about it, and everyone was quite Bure that his version of it was the true one. Some people swore it was a man; some people knew for a fact it was a woman; others were sure it was a monster, too dread ful in its hideousnesB to be described, and others had been told, on reliable authority, that it had a tail and oloven feet, and its form altogether was the reverse to heavenly. But when Mary’s husband, the present baronet, came into the property, which he did very shortly before the time thia story I begins, he took quite an original view of the case, and proelaimed for and wide that there was no ghost at all, much less a monster. Mary backed him np about it. They un locked the room, had it thoroughly done np and refurnished, and gave it to be understood that they conld not understand how anyone in his senses conld possibly have believed that there eonld have been a word of truth in any of those old, foolish, superstitious stories. And it was thus Mary coolly introduced the flrBt guest into that haunted room. Did I quite like it when I found myself alone there ? 01 course it is nice to be told that you pcssess plenty of oommon sense, and that your nerves are good; and equally, of couree, to proclaim yourself no wi?er than your neighbors, and your nerves only indif ferent, in the fa09 of such high praise, is a moral impossibility; but there is a great deal of difference between proclaiming a thing and thinking it. My duty to my hostess had forced me to treat the matter in a conventionally light manner; but no sooner did I And myself alone than I began to think that there iB an unnecessary amount of conventionality in the world, and that if one might sometimes indulge in an outbreak of sincerity it would be an infinite relief to one’s feelings. But I had not indulged in one, and there I was in the haunted room, feeling very much as the man who once jumped a big fence by accident, and ever afterward had to keep np his oharaoter as a hard rider, most have felt. x Razed around tne room in an awestruok manner, and came quickly to the conclusion that the thing I liked the least in it was the bed, A heavy, dark, old bedstead, on whioh was carved innumerable extremely unattrac tive objects. Heads of murderous-looking men and women, interwoven among horrible, open-mouthed animals, which had never been copied from any of the species supposed to have come out of the ark, and were not the less ghastly because their proportions were a physical impossibility. No, I certainly did not like the bed in whioh I was doomed to Bleep that night at all. However, lucky for my peace of mind, I had not much time to Bpare in meditation. We had arrived just in time to dress for dinner—papa, Molly and I—and when Mary left me I had only half an hour in which to unpack my dressing-case, rummage in my box for some evening clothes, and dreBB my self for dinner. Molly was the beauty of our family, and, therefore, of course, monopolised the almost undivided attention of onr maid. We spent a pleasant enough evening. Mary nnderstood thoroughly how to keep things going, and it was long after twelve o’clock when we ladies trooped npBtairs to bed. Molly came into my room for a few moments, and commented condescendingly upon the fact that it was a nice room. I fancied she was rather annoyed to find it much larger and more elaborately furnished than her own. . Molly was a oapital girl in some ways, but just a trifle spoilt in others, and she nsedto like to be thought a very important yonng lady, and to get the bast of everything. Any way, she did-not stay long with rna that evening, but, after a few remarks as to how Miss Jameson Carr-Murton — the latest American beauty—had hated her all the evening,and how much more she would hate her before the next few days were over, she went yawning off to her own room. It was next door to mine. Once again I found myself alone in the haanted room. Bat this time I was resolved not to think nbont it. I was nervous, and I knew that the more my mind dwelt upon the matter, the more nervons I should become, and so I bustled energetically abont the room, heaped coals upon the lire, which, bad the season had its dne, ought to have been conspicuous by its absence, and began to undress. I had not mentioned anything abont it to Molly, talking about it would only have made it worse, and Molly would probably only have laughed at me had I done so, for since she was not going to sleep in the haunted room herself, she would certainly have been disposed to treat the ghost ques tion lightly. A tap at my door, and Marsden, our maid, entered the room. “I shall not want anything to-night, Marsden,” I exclaimed, upon seeing her. “ If yon will excuse my doing so, I wish to say a few words to you, my lady,” she re plied in a rather nervous manner. " There are some terrible tales going down in the honsekeepers’s room, my lady, abont this room,” she said, in a mysterious whisper. “ Thank you, Marsden. I know all abont it, though. Haunted ?” I replied with would be-mdifTerenoe. “ Yes, my lady, terribly haunted, I believe; and, not feeling quite happy about your ladyship’s sleeping here, I took the liberty of looking abont the room a little this even ?• Thank yon again, Marsden, for thinking of me. Well, and what have you discovered f ” I returned lightly. “ This, my lady,” she replied quietly, draw ing aside a onrtain as she spoke, and disolos ing behind it a small panelled door. *■ Is it a eupboard ?” I inquired, " No, my lady,” she replied, opening the door and revealing a small, narrow, extremely steep, winding flight of stairs. “I don’t know where it leads to,” she continued solemnly, " bat I don’t like the looks of it.” ! AJ. i m!!-r cfhoi no more did T. I “ Wo >vii. i .'ok this door. Sl.-.redsa,” I rc ! .turned whir decision. • “'Tntre is neither key nor holt, your lady* 'ship,’ she rsdaimed protcs-ingly. And. seeing {net sho was rigtt in Ihie, I was iorced to hide my fears, and, feigning indifference, to put an end to the matter by dismirEing her. Bat no sooner had she left me than IseiZjd a oandlestick and hurried into Molly's room. 1 had given up all idea of sleeping alone in tho Warneford Abbey haunted room. Molly already was sleeping soundly, but without a moment’s consideration I woke “ What is it, dear ?” she inquired drowsily. “Wake up, Molly, I'want to talk to you,” I replied briskly, sitting down on the foot of her bed. “ Can I sleep in here with you ?” “ My dear Florence, just look at the bed I” Bbe exclaimed, sitting up as she epoko, and bestowing an indignant glance upon me. _ •*!t is certainly rather small,” I replied dolefully. “ Small! Indeed it is. 1 assuro you it is nearly half a yard too short, and as to turn ing over in it, it is a sheer impossibility,” Eke returned testily. “Ob, I am so glad!’’ I exolaimed, and meant what 1 said.” *• Glad ?’’ she repeated, “ Very glad; because L have a huge double bed in my room, and I want you to share it wilh me.” But, my dear, I am so sleepy, and I know you will talk all night.” “No, indeed I will not, Molly,” I assured her. “ You must come, really. The room is haunted.” “Haunted?” “ Yes; haunted. Mary has given mo tho haunted room, and 1 assure you I don’t like it.” “ I will come, Florence,” she agreed at once. “ l call this too bad of Mary. We cannot both sleep in here; and, of course, you cannot elsep alone there.” And, without further delay, she-put on her dressing-gown and followed me into my room. It soon became evident to me that she looked upon the forthcoming night as a rather exciting adventure, and that upon the whole she was prepared to smile upon me for having sought her protection. Just as she was getting into bed hc-r atten tion was attracted by my friend, the bed stead, and she peered curiously at it for several minutes in her near- sighted way. “ I call that distinctly nasty," she re marked wiik would-be gaiety. “I wonder if one oan sleep comfortably in that bed ?” “Shall we try?" I returned, aniting my tone to hers ; and before long we both had our heads on the pillows, and silence reigned in the haunted room. So oomplete was the silecca that I believed Molly to have gone to sleep almost im mediately. I was rather restless myself, but was just dozing off at last, when Molly turned over so violently two or three times that she left me absolutely without bed clothes. I was obliged to remonstrate, al though reluctant to do so because of her good-nature in comiDginto my haunted room with me. “ You pulled all tho bedclothes off when you turned over the last time, dear,” I pro tested gently. “I really should not have disturbed you about it if you had left the sheet, but—” “ Pray take them all,” she replied shortly. Molly’s temper wa3 rather short sometimes. “ This is a most uncomfortable arrange “ Do not be cross,” I suggested calmly. “ Let us go to sleep,” she agreed. ThiB time nothing happened to disturb ns, and we both did go to sleep, and slept for several hours, When 1 next awoka I did so with a start, and trembling all over sat bolt npright in bed. My breath came in quick, spasmodic gasps, my heart beat wildly, and my eyes be came fixed in a horrid stare upon the curtain which covered the secret door. Undeniably there were footsteps coming slowly and stealthily down the hidden stair case I The fire bnrnt dimly in the grate, casting an unnatural, ghostly light over the scene, and horribly weird did that large, oak pannelled room look by that feeble, flickering light. Utterly powerlesB to move or speak, I sat there in a waking nightmare as those foot steps come nearer and nearer, until at last they stopped just outside the door. I tried to close my eyes; but no, some strange, uncanny influence seemed to hold them riveted upon the curtain, which pre sently was slowly drawn aside. Very stealthily the emaciated flgnre of a very tall woman entered the room. Slowly and noiselessly this black-robed figure crossed over to one of the windows, pulled back the curtains with a long blue-white hand, and stood gazing outward in the soft brilliant light of the full moon. Still unable to stir a finger or ntter even a single word, I Eeemed to live a lifetime, while that shrouded figure stood there in that weird light with its back toward me. Suddenly it moved, turned toward me, and began to rapidly move across the room toward the bed in which I lay. Murder and insanity were plainly visible upon the face of the woman who approached me. Her long cloak was thrown back, and in her right hand she held a large and extremely awkward looking knife. Bat, ah, Heaven, the relief of it 1 It was a living woman with whom I had to deal 1 Another second and I had ronsed Molly, and was ont of bed, straggling with my foe, ‘ whom I so much surprised by the quickness of my movements that, with only the matter of two nnpleasant gashes, one on my hand and another on hers, I suocedingin wresting the knife from her and throwing it far away ont of the open window. Then' it merely became a case of physios! strength ; and, as I was luckily a strongly built woman, I held my own very satisfac torily against her, until Moliy brought every one in the huuse into the hannted room by her screams in the corridor outside it. It proved to be the housekeeper, who had lived at Warnefold for nearly fifty years, and whom no one had ever connected with the ghost iu the haunted room, although the servants declared that they had always known that she suffered from fits of insanity, but that they had never cared to mention it, knowing that she was a favorite and a valu able old rervant. They had believed her to be quite harmless. A little mistake, by the way, which might have been awkward for me. I -; The amount of heat which the sun sends forth every seoond is calculated to be so great that it would require 12 quadrillions of tons of coal to produce it—an amount quite beyond tho power of the common mind to grasp. The amount of water which it raises from the earth every minute is estimated at the enormous weight of 37.000,000,000 of tons. . The sting of the beo is so peculiarly con* structea that if you pull it out, instead of re lieving the pain, it adds greatly to it, for in stead of pulling out the poison, you push it into the flesh. This iB not generally known, hence the severer pain from the sting. Scrape the sting out immediately with a knife, and you scrape the poison out also, rn 1 soon for get you have been Btung. Tiie Canadian Government ceased to grant assisted passcges to emigrants in July, 1S89; but the statistics of tho port of Montreal eIiow that 8.5S9 emigrants arrived in that city last year, against 7,931 the year before, and that the immigration is now of a bettor class then formerly, the amount of money brought by the newcomers having risen from £85,1-10 to £99,GS0. Of last year’s arrivals it should be said that 1,033 were on their' way to tho United States. The almost universal verdict of German scientists is against smoking and snufi-taking as extremely injurious. Bilrotb, the famous Vienna surgeon, says : “ Thet the posterity of the niootinised and alooholised higher society is becoming steadily weaker and more nervous, is by no means surprising. The colossal increase of nerve and mind diseases in our day is undoubtedly the result, to a great extent, of the tobacco and alcohoi habit, and of the straining of the nervous system caused by these poisons.” 