? LECTCRE. {•; — T «IK jroljjbwuig lecture by Mr. It. B. Armat a meeting of the Society on is .Wednesday- evening last:—" The number ieveh among nil nations has been considered ^Mglaisa^red naiii^n^ nnd in every system of, ' i,,f%r)i}quity .we find a frequent reference to it. The Pythagoreans called it a venerable I ; ; »iiimber, because it referred to the creation, it was made up of two figures, and llin square. Among the , the etymology of the word shows s ita' sacred import, for from the word ; ''-Shebang (seven) is derived the verb Shabang .(to. swear), because oaths were confirmed either by seven witnesses or by seven •! ' victims offered in sacrifice, as WR read in the covenant of Abraham and Abiraelech (Gen. 21-28.) Hence there is a frequent recut- • .', rence to this number in the Scriptural a. history. The Sabbath was the seventh day ; Noah received seven days' notice of the commencement of the deluge, and was commanded to select clean beasts nnd fowls by r Sevens; seven persons accompanicd him into , • the ark ; the ark reked on Mount Ararat in the seventh month; the intervals between despatching the dove were each time seven days; the Walls of Jericho were encompassed seven days by' seven priests bearing seven rams'; horns; Solomon was seven years building the Temple at Jerusalem, which was dedicated in the seventh month, and the festival lasted seven days ; the candlestick in the tabernacle consisted of seven branches; the tower of Babel was said to have'been elevated seven stories before the dispersion ; and Mahomet describes his night journey from Mecca to Jerusalem and thence to the seventh Heoran, where it was pretended that, accompanied by the angel Gabriel, he received his revolution. Among tiie heathens this number was equally sacred. A few instances of their references ' to it may be interesting. An anonymous writer adds to the foregoing list of the consecrations of the number seven : "In six dayti the earth's creation was perfected, the seventh was consecrated to rest ; if Cain be avenged sevenfold; Lamech seventy and sevenfold; Abraham pleaded seven times for Sodom; he gave seven ewe Jambs to Abiinilech for a well of water ; Jacob terred seven ye$rs for Hachel, and also another seven years; Joseph mourned seven days for Jacob ; Laban pursued after Jacob seven days' journey ; the seven years' plenty and the seven years of famine were foretold in Pharaoh's dream by the seven fat and lean beasts and the seven ears of blasted corn the children of Israel were to eat unWvp""J bread for seven days; the were to remain with ° , , and at the close J*-? a 'l F T t T away ; bv A ^ f ? ^ be taken t„ iir«y ilie old law man was commanded . , orgive his brother seven times, but the meekness of the. Saviour extended His . forbearance to seventy times seven ; on the seventh month a holy observance was commanded to the children of Israel, who fasted seven days, and remained seven days ' in tents ; every seventh year was directed . to be a year of rest for all things, and at the end of seven times seven "years commenced the jubilee; they were to observe a feast seven days, after they had . gathered in their corn and wine; seven daya they were to keep a solemn feast, as they had been blessed in the work of their hands; every seventh year the land lay fallow ; every seven years yeare there was a general release from all debts, and bondsmen were set free; every seventh year f;he Jaw was directed to be read to the people; if tlicy were obedient their enemies would flee before them seven ways; seven of Saul's, sons. were hanged to Btay a famine; Jesse had seven sons, the youngest . of whom ascended the throne ot Israel; .. the number of animals in sundry of their , ' oblations were limited to seven ; seven days . were .appointed for an atonement on the ' '" •alar, .and the priest's Bon was appointed to wear his • father's garment seven days." One more just comes in here-—the seven- eared wheat. This is the kind of wheat formerly raised in Egypt and Syria, and is \- often mentioned in the Bible under the name •of corn. What we call-corn, viz., maize, was ' not 1, known except to American .Indians „,t ill. about two hundred yews ago. There were seven ancient planets, seven stars orj Pleiades, : also called the Seven {Tifgjni,> and fceveij < Hyades When the Hyades'rose with the sun the Greeks and Romans expected rain. 'The scudding of the rainy Hyades vext the dim sea.'—Tennyson's Ulysses (10.) Seven altafiT burnfc' continually - before the god Mtihlgu; ttie Arabians had seven holy temples j 'the Hindoos supposed the world to be enclosed within the compass of seven peninsulas; the Goths liad seven deities, viz., the sun, the moon, Tuisco, Woden, Tftor, Friga, and Sentur, from whose names are derived our days of the week. In the oJPersian mysteries were .seven spicious cavernB, through which the aspirant had to pass. In the Gothic mysteries the candidate met with seven obstructions, which were road-of tiie seven stages; and finally sacrifices were always considered as . most efficacious^when jthe victiniB were seven , in number. But to return to more modern histoiy. vWeJiaye: 1st. The seven churches of : "Asia, BpheBiisi Smyrna, Pergamos, Thyatira, Sardis, Philadelphia, and Laodicea (Bev. 1-11.) 2nd; Seven deadly sins—pride, v-rt»r6tousne88, lust, gluttony, anger, envy, sloth. 3rd. Seven. Dplours of Our Lady ; the prophecy of Simeon; the flight into ,{,Ej^t'i;.£he Jpgs ;of Jesus, in the temple; >M Siting feos' withi His" cross; the standing iwneath His cross; the receiving of the body of Jesus; the -burial of Jesus. 4tb. Seven gifts of the Holy Ghost— Wisdoro7\npdferstanding, .counsel, fortitude, ^^tMwUSgefpKW, ffia|thefettr of the Lord. Seveb"pirincipal virtueij tf- ^%«th, iope, "charity, prudence, justice, forti •r.iemperanpo. The first three are called '-V^^'Jheolo^ical i virtues, the other four are ;w®l|^nOT®^'tbe : '(cardinal virtues. The seven ^'^l^yB^y^Vi ^fgeB, fit -Greece—a pame • philosophers oi ancient •^^^^^^firlitijier of Corinth, Pittaous of , Jij&|tt§VJeni^t0hilp of Sparta, andCleobulus ^^^^^ipOTiielieVenyears w»p—Tliewnfiiefc J fF*«lerick,ilie Beoo»d pf Prussia, and Austria, Russia, and France in 1757-1763, for particulars of which I must refer you to Carlyle's Life of Frederick, the Second. In more modern times we have the seven weeks war. The great conflict in 1866 for German supremacy, between Prussia and Italy on the one side and Austra on the other, in which the allies were victorious. The seven liberal arts, as they were called, included science as well as art, and were thus divided : -—I. The Triviuui, viz., grammar, rhetoric, and logic. 2. The Q'ladrivium, viz., arithmetic, music, geometry, and astronomy. John tel's us in his biblical archeology (J 106) that the Jewsin imitation ofthe Greeks had their seven wise men, who were, called Rabboni. Gamaliel, the preceptor of St. Paul, was one of these. The word occurs once in the New Testament (John xx-lG Jesus saitli unto her, Mary ! She turned herself, and saitli unto him, Rabboni! which is to say, Master! The seven hills of Rome form a river bank of moderate elevation— From the Cupitoline on the north, which comes within three hundred yards of the Tiber, to the Aventine on the south, which falls almost directly into it, these hills form a segment of considerably more than half a circle. The Quirimal, the Viminal, the Esquiline, and the Colian, which He more inland, are ull tongues of land projecting from the common ridge which bounds the valley, and which slopes away on the further side insensibly into the Campagna. Arnold compares these projecting tongues of hill to the fingers of an open hand, the knuckles representing the ridge from which they spring, the back of the hand the gentle slope outwards. The Capitaline and Aventine stand apart as sentinals to guard the stream, and between them, in the centre of the whole group, lies the sequestered Palestine closely embraced by three sequestered valleys. The height of these hills, level or nearly so at their summits, hardly anywheroexceed 150 feet from the level of the Tiber. The seven a^es of man. Shakespeare's charming creation of this seven ages of man (see As You Like It) is a conception of a subject which has been treated by various writers through a period of 2000 years. The ages of man have been discussed by heathens, Jews, and by Christians ; but this division has not always been into seven. The septennary periods are suspected to have been derived from the speculations of cabilis tic philosophers upon t he secret powers of numbers. The earliest instance which Mr. John Winter Jones could find of this division of human life into stages occurs in the Jreek verses attributed to Solon who flourised about 600 years before <~!hrist. and which J f a'e "nmndi opificio," wherein also occurs, ' 'Hippocrates says that there are seven ages"; and we find this division in the midrach or ecclesiastes written about the ninth century, when in six stages man is compared to some ar.imal. The windows and sculptures of several cathedrals show the ages of man to have been pictorially illustrated at a still earlier period. In the Arundel Mss, No. S3, is a beautifully illuminated example executed early in the fourteenth century, and a Byzantine Mss fourteenth or fifteenth century contains a morality called " The Foolish Life of the Deceitful World," arranged in three con centric circles, and of which the seven ages of maa form a part(«ce "Didron Iconagraphic Chretienne, page 409). Lady Galcott found ) in the cathedral of Sienna, in one of the side chapels, seven figures, each in a enm partmcnt, inlaid in this pavement representing this seven ages of man, supposed to have been executed by Antonio Frederighi in 1476. In the British Museum is a coarse but spirited woodcut of about the middle of the. fifteenth century, and roughly coloured, in which around " the wheel, of life which is called fortune," are the figures of man in his seven stages, this curious piece is engraved in Archoologia Vol. xxxv. illustrating Mr. Winter Jones' learned paper. The subject has long occupied the thoughts of the physician, the moralist, the speculator philosopher, and the poet. Instances may be found in the literature and art of all countries and from the earliest periods. The progress of this soul, from man's heels to his head, as described by Prior in his " Alma," is but another version of the "seven ages." A poem dated 1653 describes the life of man in 12 ages, each corresponding with a month. Mr. Martin the librarian at Woburn Abbey published in 1842 a very interesting little volume on Shakespeare's " Seven Ages," which I am sorry to say I have not had the opportunity of perusing. And before coming to the last part of my subject I wish to direct your attention for a few moments to the seventh period as it is described in Dr. Collin's Great Events of History, (having for its central point the Revocation of the Edict of Nantes in the year 1685.) During this period, from the end of the 30 years war the central point of which was the battle of Letty, 1632, to the beginning of the French Revolution, Cardinal Mozain, who had swayed the destines of France, and whose hold upon the king never loosened to the last, died of gout on the 9th March, 1661. His avarice was unbounded. In hiB last days he had to use Voltaire's words, two thirds of the national coin in his chests; and the liveres, rabies, emeralds, and diamonds shared by hie will amongst his relations and friends seem like the treasures of some prince in the. Arabian tales. He ^as alike very prince of dissemblers, supple, sly, and polite. His death lcf.t Louis 14th the most absolute monarch in Christendom. It was during this period to in the year-1698, after the death, of Colbert the great financier •through the atrocious and numberless violences • . committed ? In 1683, two years afer the revocation of the edict of Nantes, Colbert, the greatest of French financiers, and tiie last friend the Hugue. nots had in his day, died, this was the last drop in Xheir xup of bitterness ; shaking the Just , of France for irer 'from tlieir feet. " Bonnechose, in bis -history of France, informs us that in consequence of the atrocious £nd numberless violences committed upon them one hundred thousand industrious families escaped from France} the foreigners who received theui. with open arms grew rich by their industry at the expense of their native country." England, Holland, and Germany, received the refugees who had been the marrow of their own land as they carried on nearly all the manufactures, and numbered among tfretn tiie most skilful artisans and work people and silk and velvet weavers, and it ;has been truly said of theru that "They set the looms of Sp?talfield in motion." The Turks were beaten at ViennB, The League of Augsburg, battle of La Hogue, Peace of Rysinca, the victories of Marlborough and a number of other events fraught with the greatest intent for mankind are embraced within the second above mentioned. It is wonderful what life there is in truth. (1) The great Pyramid of Egypt. (2) Babylon. (3) The Gold and Ivory Statue of Jupiter Olympus. (4) The Temple of Diana of the Ephesians. (.5) The Masoleum or Tomb of Masolus. (6) The Pharos of Alexandria. (7) The Colossus of- Rhodes." 