[?] [?] toliMMlii IM fit I ' At 1 Sflrir BroU, » r " lii1,»li«lillir ifct n "T I"— U — ou teqnmtuco gt'KurirtiyiSSi' n>y l«uo«-utnt Siiol«4 ontiraljr vilh hi, \- right, u rule, ViifghhcutaiuUiB'tha breuto! hi, cott it I «» th« conowled )Tv» 'ri<<d'oMA)r,,hUo we were aketelwig <ay emizeoent ,u too :gr«ri W1 ""'U' notice. T|p iWr'plifT i' in my part wu oe- '"t; IlilLl ' T '" " l""'1 WM OVl—y. coans<anotted hind of a . ndeiSMant, while hi. left, the on, he tidlMM -hh, —as tho alocder, uporing. \- SSriol ' an arriat and a gentleman. -vMMdVith tomo heiitatiull ho explained .J--. - riwawiou, etrcamstance by t he following 7r . /UUV" A was ua|iy/ in the Italian army'. I wait to a troop of sharpshooters and > j Wiin i i Tho duty (or which my troop 1 : -r' 4- Mil' tailed wu that oi'hanting down «it«rminating the flcreral bonds of that infested thi country bordor- 7vh|arnpon the Appenuines. frequent enooontors with tho /xjwshdbAndfl, and succeeded in tho ox- pirminstio n o f some of them. Wo echo- vVfair made short work of ell wo caught. <5.'jViWi,'shofc them down like wild bouts viFWlweYsr .we came upon them in tho p®i«nUin futnesses. ' If we took n vfe"(?iiiioner'itw«s only (o extort from him fjrfpnnation that we required. His lifo «or,h»ndsj if he ransomed it it '- doing us some.tory groat ser- ttoftfe:dresdedi dariug ami powerful lify-'t 'pt- tho . hxiga&d; grass wss that headed by ;,rrjQkrnh6. -He led us many wild ' ffiies, jHe wtl a chief of woudcrful ' '/'canning' and infinite resources. In tho "'v /tinsinr— of briMOdsge he was raatchlen. Hofc .onlf hod a strong party of fol- Tyv'/lowers fa the field, but he also had a host confedsrstee among the shepherds of mountains, among tho charcoai 'iffifilmnm 'of tho Joter irago of hills, and among the pesssnts of the many small fh valleys. Thereweroin CfO Csrcano s band out- v$ lswed/menfroin sil theso classes— men it'T/ wbo had frieodstod relvtirea among tho -V -'PMsantog'thechsRoal humors and mouu- y"r'r hordimon.-Thsso accomplices, spps- ' ' ' vently wholly eraigod in honoot pursuits, / ' .eotild always b« depended upon by Carcano t-'j' v OS spies,' and ipresd abroad as tnoy woro v ' - JolXthioogh tbslaod. they.served as scouts J.. > ''to send htm spdy in formation of approach- ' . UmTluSritliaao eid,, it not nn- frequently hsppenod thatwhilo wo woro aesiohing for him on :ono . aido of tho Ts'Ja: Ajppennues be was ongagod in plundering — v/:V-tiun> on the opposite side . of tho . rauga. ' Wo could oot tarn oar guns upon people who wera! octeorihly shisphsrdsg chaictwl Durnere ana.iBiu larraww. ouu woepum bring to bearupon thorn that wiJflBras -Wr' more poworful than bullotsj' swfl|or vv'- " Jmyonsts— sJi"Conquenug gold. Tr was untU wt bad hought over and mads i f ' 'T Euro of s number of secret spies of oar ;' V:' rown on both' sides of the mountains that , we haa:ito make headway against r;':./.- . Carcano. f \- , ' At lsstf th rough having trustwortliy in- formation, we woro able to press forward v ; . - - oppn bis trail without being misled and , thrown out by puudo Oarcanoi leading '.Inuids-of herders, who soon scsttored .JV.iadvrrssBmod ; their several occupa- tlons.V Wo pursned the bandit chiof into : V:' ' : tho wildest fastnesses of the mountains. .' and hod sovonl skirmishes with his ;; ' , gsng, killing and wounding many of them, r' vFJniliy Carcano had but few followers -.-/".left,' many deserting his standard when v-htigood fortune failed him. and in a last .'/ '- hatUs with his gaug.be was captured and '-/.'-brought into our camp a prisoner. / 1 In- tho fight I bad my right arm shat- (ered below tho elbow by a musket ball. was bo uauiy injured tiint our , ' .aurgeon at onco wld that it would bo v' impossible -to save it. This sur- ".iV.-' v' ''geon . wis a Highly, educated, gifted > and; ' skilful young Gorman named "T-'CartVolt who bid entored tho Italian V'-v'/army and taken eorvice with our troop. Zabkin g aa a. lieutenant. Oarl Voltz had ? i, 'performed many diflloult surgical opera- v - t&ns; for one of his years. Uo had sue- . ..ooViedin things his elders in theprofes- . . aioit- bad pronounced impossible, and whkh . they looked upon as being un- vi i'jtptiiSjhly daring — as operations that ibooid not have been ventured upon. .'. i-v/fiOsrl'Voltz was about my own age, and i.ifa'.wero' soon on terms of tho most intimate friendship. Though Carl had so#7 dared to propose opening men's -:-afclDi,.taking out injured or unsound J'.vhhadn matter and substituting tho brain of aotno arnmal, aa some surgeons .MOW assert may. bo. safely and r-.Cv; - advantageoukiy done, ho had done souio £ Wonderful things . in thu wuy of it, :, |-' and ingrafting bones. Ho tnaiu- . tallied that with dno care a tincor, hand, or even a wholo limb, might bo suocess- . folly ingrafted. In the case of a transfor a finger ho hsd' succeoded, and his r&fr; ®at ambition wm to next oporato on a jgjrj. - wholo arm. w'v '. AWhon I was wounded, and Carl saw Kggtfcat must loso my arm ho was deeply Bifivod, for ot that timo we woro as Kt.-ieo brothers. Ho, howeVer, did not tall LaHfthak l muBt lose my- right ann. His R(T:»lrain was already busy with n plan for irniul wxnerimnnfc. and in fur- KfA'IfnYnca of his design ho told tno ho Kp i t op«d to save my arm by bringing to- 1 W&wh; raiber," uniting, and building upon tho < aavaral pieces of shattered bono. He said fcy.vfrwoold bo a tedious operation, but ho keep mo ao well under tho influence taamsthetics that I would sufler no pain. K'bad' under him a skilful nulsUnt. H)-MtCho said that, working together, Uiey nv- iwotddmako every possible effort to givo U'l («Mgood and usoful arm. ; was all I knew in regard to Carl's Kj&jy; rkfbBtioaa or to the condition of my H&i;'- ,:'. writoded.erm for, over two months, except -:-Wfrom timo to'time I was told it was Appeared to bo wonder- fqAf /slated that he wu succeeding so well K7, '-Myue j but he always so managed as Hg&rr;/Jjytove&t; my seeing my arm. Hh&t;, vfWhen' at Inst the bandages wero ro- Kvlltad.'.-and I was permitted to see tny SrxlMhlwaa astounucd. I knew notwhat K/Ar.-|dvtbink of the 'transformation I had Rfe -V.MidsTgops. 1 saw thore what 1 now hold you. I turned to Carl Volta W f «qffessod my astonishmont at tho Afiwugg: -appearance of my band and RTW8lab£\i)«..-'. cried he. 44 you donotliko RAs:S 'Wa|piaraace? VVhyf it is my master- H't1-).1!.''.' !!.'.! was U1IUDJ11I Ul SUIRIUiftl B.lGlilU, surprise 1 have for mauy C wwek ht in store for you.' Rc?w>,jSViThan<«QltanUy .he told mo how ho Bfe WTitjtd in order .tomvomoa good , Mmd aim.ahd band. Hs said my arm ' W hern ASiputated, but he had given me Bgp-;.:v.h.t3od ssrvimable one in Its stead, It d.ywaa the erovaing triumph of his life. I ssmy own, be raid, 4-the strong |LM>v -tPf'hand MiUgo Carcano 1 Be had fcidh the bandit ehisf give up his right Bfflit jDenraen mnassdad toitall mo that he mifM;/, ihad pi (ilaiain Canano hie life and liUrtv Rfr; V©rtfeottd»e»'thaeKhe submitted to have Mfowiib.ii-righl ; liBil-.tiksn off, and that he K wanldwwaaeraen-the oroaa to reform and , full account of mewli»et,lMwAWil»g the hud fe&.SaJSU-ji. .hlTSISm- ,tm— of mmsSSh doae b/ hlmMlt had brought oe of .the off at L' otm' Aa ten- dona nidtedrwiUl threads ot alnew taken from my amputated arm, and how, all this being done and tho bones wired in place, the arm wee placed in a sort of case and covered with a peeuliar kind of antiseptic jelly of his own invention. Thin jelly he claimed to be far superior to a covering of plaster of Paris, it being » tough and elaatic, and being lit through when congealed, it per mitted of being opened for the examina tion of the limb from time to timo. Sec tions of veins snd arteries taken from my dismembered arm woro utilised as sleeves in uniting the larger blood-vessels of tbe two arms, and the whole operation wai performed so speedily that tho bandit's hand and wrist were still ot the same tem perature as when severed from his arm and joined to mine. As I looked at tho hand that had thus been ingrafted upon mo, I felt that I would have much profcrrod a stump to being provided with a member that was to mo so . disgusting. Huwovor, Carl Voltz was so delighted with tho success of his experiment, that I an much ns possible conceaica irom mm my real locungx. Curl, however, reaJ nomcthing-ot my disgust in my faco, and let mo know that ho thought me very ungrateful and fool ishly vain. His skill had given mo a good and usoful hand, and I not only did uoc appreciate what lie hod done for mo, but was actually ashamed of that which ho considered lus greatest achievement in his profession. To mollify Carl'sdiaplcasurol did many things which ho suggested, in order to show that I had full uso of tho hand and ovory finger of it, liowaBin ecstasies, and immediately proceeded to writo out a complcto description of ovory part of tho oporation for sumo Berlin medical journal. He afterwards told mo his report of tho case was discredited in Germany, and begged me to go with him to Berlin and exhibit my spliced arm in proof of tho truthfuluess ol the account ho Irnd pub lished. I was Dy this time so ashamed of my hand, anu so abominated it, that 1 would have preferred blowing out my brains to putting it aud myself on exhibition. Carl never forgavo my refusal to comply with his request. It appeared to him that through a more whim of false priuo I had deliberately robbed him of famo aud fortune. A decided coolness now replaced our old friendship, and Carl soon left Italy, returning to his nativo country for tho purpoto of devoting his lifo to a course of study and oxperimont ho had marked out. lliough we parted with somo show of our old friendship, 1 could plainly porccivo that Oar) thought I lacked heart, and was capable of no raoro than a sort of super ficial show of friendship. Kvon as hu was taking his departuro. and after our Isstfarowcllshad been spoken, I detected him looking wistfully at tho hand ho had given ran. Evidently ho deeply regretted being obliged to leave thnbbohind. Six months after Carl left Italy tho de tachment to which I belonged was ordered to'Savona Pass, a considerable distanco foam tho Pass of Aquiln, whoro wo had mauo our Headquarters tor nearly a year, A very daring band of bri- gsnds'hsdbeon organised, and all mnnnor of outragos wero being committed in the neighborhood of tho Savoua Pasb. Upon oar arrival in tho troubled region wo oon found traces of tho brigands, and followed thorn deep into tho mountains. Through our poasant spies wo discovered thoir stronghold, and surrounded and at tacked it, taking tho robbors completely by surprise. In tho fight I was brought face to faco with tho bandit chief as ho was trying to rally His pauic-stricken followors. Aba glance 1 saw that tho chiof had but one arm, and almost at tho sarao moment I recognised tho savogo features of Ugo Carcano.' Ho held a pistol in his letfc hand, and as 1 advanced upon him he fired, aonding a bullot through my cap. 1 instantly returned the fire ami tho robber fell, shot through the breast. As i ran up to tho fallen chief with levelled pistol, ho raised himself upon ono elbow and criod— " Enough I Ynu havo givon mo my death wound. Silvio Biruli, you hav-o killed me — you havo shot mo with my own hand— with tho hand I gavo you 1 Curse the day on which 1 consented to givo - you that hand ! With my last breath 1 enrso you. I die, but my hand will livo, aud my bond— tho hand that has slain me— shall be tho death of you 1" Still muttering something about his soul remaining on a&rth; and living in his still living hand, Ugo Carcano, with a ercat gush of blood from his mouth, fell tek and died. 1 had beforo hated tho hand which Carl Voltz, in- his enthusiasm for tho scienco of surgory, hud mido a part of mo. How 1 began to feel a dread of it — a horror of having engrafted upon mo for lifo a part of tho dead robber and murderer. Ho seemed to lire in that hand, anil to be ever utriving to gain possession of my whole body. I began to fear that his fiendish spirit, having otfcctcd a lodgment, would dis(rasscss my aoul, arid take up its abode in my earthly tonomcut. Tho brigand chiefs dying curse scemod to be working, to be taking effect upon inc. At night, in my dreauis, Ugo Car cano was ever present. Standing nt my bedside, ho hold up the stuinp of his arm, and'deiuandcd otthor thu restoration of his hand or n dwuliing.plqco in my body. These night terrors soon began to tell upon my health, and by advice of n physician, I left tho army and tho country tint Itnnfc thn lrnntro of tlin <lnrwl linmlif almost constantly ncforo my' eyes. 1 had always boon a lovor of art, and having sume skill m landscapo painting, my thoughts very naturally turned to these mountains. I liostened hither, and resumed my loug-noglcctod pursuit of painting. 1 at onco discovered thut 1 could do nothing with my right hand. The elumsy, uucouth fingers would not obey my will. With tlte least relaxation of tho vigilant aurvcillanoo I was obliged to maintain over them, the brashes would dron from my hand. Thoro was no feol- ingfor them in thoBo ill-msdo fingers. Be tween that hand and tny mind thoro was no sympathy. I was not sorry to find that this was so. Had it been otherwise, would tho pioture painted have been really my own ? Would lt nob have been workod by tho Bar.ii of Ugo Csrcano? 1 wanted no com munity of possosBion with that hand. To my delight 1 found upon trial that my left hand readily obeyed ovory impulao of my. tniud; Into itscomod to havo boon trans lated all the old skill of toy lost right hand.,. Siiico 1 havo bcon in those mountains ongaged in tny old pursultof studying aud painting tho beauties of nature 1 liuvo ro- guuiuu uiy iiuaiiu, mm iu <t yrcui «)iuiib my former peace of mind. It is now only of nights that my old tronblea come to annoy me; and that but occasionally ex cept at- the dark of tho .moon. Thoso monthly attacks 1 cannot escape. Then 1 must be on my guard agaiust my demon- hand. You looked surprisod ' whon I any 1 must bo on my guard against the hnnd, and may think that constant brooding over- my misfortune has unsettled my mtnd ; but, ray friend, that hand really is dangerous— noihifig can be more cun ning and treaohorous. I long ago dis covered" It to be unsafe for me to leave a pistol, potsnard or weapon of any kind on' a table or chair within reach of my bed, It 1 do I so experience in my sleep/ an awful feeling of impending danger— a nightmare of. tho'. must . noon- iiipg desoriptioD. The brigand chiof stands over me. exulting like a " demon. Ha 1 ha 1 at lost I bavo you I" ho aocms to shout , "Yes, now you shall die— dio brayhand-the hand you robbed me i With these and aimilar threats, . Ugo Carcano stands at my bedildo as he ap poared. in lift when 'in battle, except that bis eyes are as eoals of fire; and his fratoras. are lighted up with- lambent flsmoa;/ ' 1 . am frozen 1 with terror,; and rinisS toi&ove; br.'in ahyiway rid myielf o< the threatening oaA- fearfur figure. 'X feel thst I am in great danger, and1 struggle unceasingly to ariso end betako myself to flight. When at last I awaken I find that tho hand— tho still .living flesh and blood of tho dead brigand — has rcacbod forth and obtained possession of pistol or poignard, and is holding tho weapon atmy breast or forehead. Sio matter how dangerous tho inn or or othor places in which I am lodging may appear, 1 no longor dare leave a. weapon near my bed. Indcod 1 havo found chat it Is not safo to havo a weapon anywhoroin my alcepingroom. 1 can only vctituro to have weapons about tno in my waktngrnoments.nmlwhen I ain outtravel- liugtho mountain roads ;ovcn thou 1 often fool a horrid and startling thrill in that brigand hand when it clutches a pistol. At times thoso knotty and crooked fingers seem in murderous mood to stiffen upon tho weapon, and it ia with difficulty that I can mako them obey my will and relax thoir hold. Now, tny friend, from what i havo told you of my Rensations, waking and sleeping. you win ruauuy pcrcoivotii.it inn iiuiiu in a dead in&u; fnntonod upon mo iiuktH lifo a burden. It pormits mo no inoment of perfect rest nnd ease, nor will it ever do so' white I carry it. Soon I shall rid myself of it. I shall sever tho bond which now unites mo to ono in tho grave. When 1 leavo these mountains I shall go directly to Paris. Thcro, solocting somo skilful sur geon, 1 shall cngago him to rid tne of this hand of a murderor— tho demon gift which Carl Voltz was at such pains to ha stow upon mo. Not a single shred or libra of I ho huted flesh of Uno Carcano will I permit to remain with mo. Then, when I nm myself alone in evory drop of blood nnd granulo of flesh- then 1 .jthall havo piece of tnind and not bofore. This I fuel nnd know. I must rid myself of my parasitical demon. Ah, my friend, 1 dread thoso dark periods in each month 1 Thoso X cannot escape. Theu it is thnb the apparition of tho brigand appears atmy bedside, nnd then it is that lus lost aud vengeful spirit well- nigh drives tny soul from its own proper tenement. A dark spell is coming scon ; I shall ondtiro that— ono mora— then fly at onco to Paris and a new life ! In a day or two after this strango story was confidod to mo by Silvio Boroli, 1 left Lnko Thun for tho headwaters of tho Anr in the Borneso Oborland. I tried in vain tp induco Silvio to accompany mo. 1 was anxious to take him with mo, for I saw tho shadow of his coming " dark period " m tho gloom of lus faco. Ho wou'd not stir from tho chalet. Then I understood thnt he hud resolved to thuro jnako his stand and meet tho assault of tho ghostly owner oi lus demon of a hand. Alono in the old chalet ho would fight his last battle. After a fortnighi I dcacondcd to llio town of Thun, and. going down to tho town at once, took a boat for tho chalet at which I had left Silvio. I was anxious to sco him immediately, as I had decided to accompany hiir to I'uris, thinking I could go to no better place with my col- lection OI BKCICIIOS. Arriving at the chalet I inquired for my friend. "You will novor again sco Svivio Boroli," said tho proprietor. " Why, havo you not heard of his sudden aud strange death 1" " Tell mo how did it happon ? Where did ho dio ¥' cried i. Yet, oven as 1 asked, I felt aura that in his dreaded " dark period" ho had fallen a victim to his haunting demon — tho dead owner of that Jiving hand. " Where did ho dio 9 Mon Diou, hero In his room. It was a terrible thing. Sinco you havo not heard it," said tho laudlord, V 1 will tell you tho story of tho shocking.denth of your friend. Five days —no, let mo considor— four dayn after your depn-ture, your friend Bnroti failod to ariBO at his usual early hour. Think ing ho might ntill bo sluoping, as for a day or two he had looked worn and weary, wo waited nn hour, and then knocked ac hit door. Obtaining no responso to our calls and repented knocking, wo been mo uiurmcti anu lorecu opou tno uoor ot Jus chnmbor. " A strange and liorriblo sight met our oyes. On tho bed lay Barnli, lus right hand graspiuu his throat. Uo was dead and cold. His discolored faco, distorted features nnd widely staring eyes wero frightful to look upon. A conulablu who war called in snid— Ho has strangled himself, To hnvo done so ho must havo possessed a will almost suncrhinnnn.' 44 Tho ollicor took hold of Barak's hand to remove it. lioinado thu effort, nnd tiion, turning to us, said, with a shudder, 'My Gnd, tho hand still holds to tho throat with tho grip of a vice.' "lt was oven so. Tho ami and fingers had stiffened in tho death grasp. Evon after it hnd boon forced awny, tiie hand ntill. returned to tho thront, until in lay ing nut tho body it wan bound down to thu breast. ."And, sir, n wonderful tiling! That right baud was not atvn!i liko the (eft one. TIjlo loft hand was that of a gentleman, but tho right was tho coarse, Imiry hand ot a ninaant— a hand tiio fingers of which woro knotted and twisted from toil. Thoro wna a long tear running diagonally round tlio arm, Tho olllcur said it lookod ns though tho hand hnd in some way been spliced upon tho arm— a thing impossible. It was only a singular kind of deformity, As tho landlord thus speculated 1 sndly mused upon tho fate of my friend. " l'uor Silvio." thought i, " tho dying curso of tho bnmlit bus taken effect. Thnt doniou hand granperi his throat mi he slept, and tho gnarled and sinewy fingors did not oven relax thoir hold whon life was extent. Tho hand of tho bandit had executed tho threat its dying ownor hod mrnlu." . Counting back, 1 found it was in tho dark of tho moon- poor Silvio's timo of dread— that tho vongeful and over- watchful hand hud roso up, throttled my friend in his sleep, and destroyed him. " Thoy tell n silly talo of a ghost," said tho host-, breaking in upon iny reflections, " of n ghost seen when your friend lay a corpso tho night before the funeral." " Who tolls ouch a utory ?" 1 uukod. 44 Tho watchers — thoso who watched by tlio body." 44 And what is thoir story T " Oh, a very silly ono indeed. Thoy sat in a room adjoining that in which tho body lay- About midnight two of thusi), watchers went into tlio room whoro lay tlio dead. Thuy went to aoo if tho caudles by tho corpso woro stiliburninguudallsaio. As thoy stopped into tho room tliov wcro astonished nt seeing n tall, wild- looking strangorslnnding besido tho coffin. Thoy say ho wan a ono-nrmed .man, and lmd n red handkerchief bound around hia linn<l. Tliov w«ro uhnub to riitnmnd nf the intruder why ho was thoro .alouo with tho dead, when ho took a stop or two towards them and vnuishdd. Tlie two mon had nob boon greatly disturbed ut Booing llio stranger stand besido tlio euflin, but when ho disajipearDil while in tho net of coming towards thorn in the brightly-lighted loom, they wero torritlod beyond moosaio. . With faces whita ns chalk they daubed hack into tlio room whoro thoir follow wntchora wcro sitting, and, as soon ns thoy could . speak, < told what they had scon. " Alfpruscutly mustered courago to go into tho room whoro tho body lay, To their horror they found tho great lmlry right hand loose and again at tho throat at thu corpso. Ono of thoir number had tho courage to lay hold of tho haud aiid try to pull it away. At tho moment he did so thore rang through tho room a wild, fiendish 4 Ha, hu, ha i" "All rushed forth, ami shutting. them- sclvos up iu the adjmning room, aid not again venture Into tho chaidbor of the dead.' . " And was tho baud found loose 'in the morning?" " Yes; it wasundoniahlo that the lisnd was found looso and nt tho throat of tho dead man.; but then, for all that,' the. watchers wore a silly,, cowardly sot. When they told thoir stoiy to. tho .priest ut laughed at tbesu.1 > , . '—DON BE QUILU. ' 