A VICTIM OP JEALOUSY. A COMPLETE STORY, Chapter L — Caught Nappjsg. A sudden drowsiness had fallen upon Alice Maitland as she presided at the bureau of the Imperial Restaurant, situated opposite the Theatre Royal, Cottonton. Alice Maitland and Esther Hawkins were the young ladies in charge of the 'Imperial,' an establishment very much patronised by actors and by the younggentlcmenof Cottonton -whose taste was theatrically inclined. Alice Maitland had retired to the little room that was approached by a few stairs, which de scended from the side of the bureau at which Esther and Alice were generally to he found. The latter had hardly placed herself in an easy chair near the fire than she sank into a sleep, so sound so quiet, that she almost seemed lifeless. She_ had been some five minutes in her un conscious condition when Esther, having given a glance along the buffet to be sure that every thing was in order, hvtrried down the stairs previously trodden by Alice, in whose somno lent presence she the next moment stood. Esther paused for a short time as she listened for the breathing of the other to assure herself that she was fast asleep. Then, convinced of that fact, she closed the door and walked over to * where Alice was reposing, and without hesita tion, commenced to rifle the contents _pf the pocket in her dress. Evidently following the main object of her curiosity, she first removed from its resting place a letter, which she hastened to read, 'Yes, William Armytage,' she said, 'I knew what a false villian you were. I felt sure, for all your smooth slyness, that you were consoling yourself for having quarrelled with ' me.' For a moment she had the impulse to throw ' the paper in the fire, but prudence restrained ; her. 'This was the letter you got this morning,' ! she said to the sleeping girL 'You tried to ] seem careless as you put William's writing ! out of sight, but my instinct told me that it i came from him.' j She thrust the epistle back to the place { whence she had taken it, using such roughness j in her anger that it seemed strange that the j sleeper should not be disturbed by the other's ; violence. The minute after Esther was opening Alice's portc monnaic and examining its con- j tents. I ' A ring of pearls and rubies,33 the spy mut- : tered. ' He has not given her the one I re- i turned to him.' Restoring the jewelled keepsake to the coai partment where she had found it she then took ; note of the other contents of the purse. Certainly if William Armytage had seen ber ? face as she stooped over the sleeping girl to j restore the scrutinised objects to her rival's | possession, his love would not have taken fresh fire. But as she resigned the purse which she had lieen examining, so did she seem to abandon j the angry feelings which assailed her while she I held it With a face as placid as though it Iiad never been disturbed, Esther left the insen- '? sible girl resting in the chair where she had : sunk in her sudden lethargy. j In the evening of that day, when Alice Mait- ; land, suffering from headache, but otherwise recovered from her extraordinary indisposi tion, was seated at the bureau as usual, Esther Hawkins was holding secret converse with the proprietor of the prosperous establish ment. ' ' But fire your suspicions well founded J' lie asked. 'How can I tell':' she ansivered. ''If. I knew they would not be suspicious. At any ? rate I will watch, and, Jas I have your per mission, as soon as I deem it the right time I will act.' : 'Yes, Miss Kav/kins,' answered th«- pro prietor a little sloivly, 'to toon as you are sure it is the right time.' Then he turned to his table to finish the letter that he was writing when she inter rupted him, and Miss Hawkins took the hint !-jid retired. 'Strange,' he thought, 'for one friend tso betray the other. Although, of course, is is her duty, one does not expect it performed as such a sacrifice. They have been together here for two years and have been on sood terms with each other ail the time. Yes — Hawkins is doing her duty. But I wonder if they have had a quarrel ?' Presently he saw the man who took his place when he was away. , 'Oh, Mason,' he said, 'Miss Hawkins may make a communication to you later on. You have my authority to do what she sug gests.' ' i ' Whatever she suggests,' assented Masou. 'Well, you will understand what is re quired, if it be required. But you will take care that there is not any mistake. I need not explain the matter now, as the contingency will explain itself, should it occur ; and, as it will be very painful, I only hope it rn.iy not. Good -night. Mason.' - ' Good-night, Mr. Jeffries,' replied Mason. 'Keep on the spot, Mason,' said Jeffries,' ' as I shall not be here for two or three days.' Then he took his hat and cane and went off to Iiis distant home. ' I shan't come back until it is all cleared up,' he thought to himself. ' I wonder if the girls have been quarrelling '! But, there, I cxn leave it in Mason's liands ; he can do quite as well as I could, and then I shan't have any regret at what takes place.' Chapter II. — A New Exgageiiekt. It was with a dull eye. and a wearied brain that Alice performed her task of supervision that 'evening. Esther Hawkins had shown apparent sympathy and kindness to her, buc she had not suggested that she should be left to do Alice's work as well as her own. j Suddenly the ailing- girl's eyes grew brighter, and a flush overspread her pale face. A handsome man, aixmt thirty years of age. bad entered the restaurant, and had walked up to the bureau at which Esther and Alice were seated. At the moment the attention of the former was attracted elsewhere, and she left her place by the side of her com panion. Tall in stature, with a face closely shaven except as regarded his upper lip, upon which a small black moustache was allowed to grow, with crisp curly hair, as dark as a raven's wing and with eyesthatglisteued like diamonds set in jet, it only needed a broad forehead, a delicately-chiselled nose, and well-moulded mouth and chin, to make the newcomer the perfection of juvenile manhood, as indeed he was. 'What brings you here afc tliis time, William?' asked Alice, as William Arniyiage, for it was he, approached the bureau. 'I changed my clothes and rushed out between the acts to tell you that they have wired for me from Edinburgh to support MifeS Vellaine, wb«s) IiUMi;nnd is ill. You know she is Mrs. Egorton. The management h-:re have let me off, so that 1 start to-morrow morning.,' 'Start to-moii-ow !:I owLiimed Alice. ' Why, I thought you wereengiij^.'d until ? ' k1i« Ktopp-.-iI ; then .-lie aJdcti, '? until next trcembur.' D'teniber, be it explainr-d, v.v.« the monrh whii.h Armytage bti«i presr*?d the yo;;ng girl to allow htm to leuk foiwai-d to as th-? ?rfavon i^r their laarrisfc'e. ' So Imightbe if the tour lasted so long,' ha answered. 'But though we have done very well here, especially when we remember that this is a return visit, there are not many vacancies for us in the Midland and Northern theatres for this autumn ; thus we shall have to go south, and business is not generally so good there. Besides, I get a big salary, a splendid chance, and thfe probable opportunity of again seeing your dear little self soon, as Miss Vellaine will be sure to include Cotton ton in her list.' 'When will you leave Cottonton?' she asked, as she checked a sigh that was expres sive of her regret at the prospect of being separated from him. 'There is a train for Scotland at 12.43 to-morrow afternoon ; will get to Edinburgh in time for a short rehearsal before the even ing's show. Now, darling, I must be off. I shall be on the platform until the train starts.31 Then he leant over the desk at which Alice sati as if to whisper to her, and stole a kiss so rapidly and cleverly as almost to defy detec tion. The next minute he was rushing across the road to get himself ready for the stage before he should be wanted. Quick as his oscu latory performance had been, however, it had * not escaped the jealous notice of Esther. William Armytage had not told Alice of his brief engagement to Esther when he was acting at Cottonton more than two years _bef ore. Esther, the daughter of a small farmer, had from good conduct alone risen until she filled her then present position of trust. As the business of the Imperial restaurant in creased she had found that the duties which de volved upon her were too exacting for one person. Then it was that she asked Alice Maitland to come to Cottonton, at the same time that she recommended her young friend to Jeffries, as being in every way desirable for the duties that the two women would thus share. It was, however, before Alice's advent) to Cottonton, and when Armytage held a very insignificant position in his theatrical company that Esther's brief engagement with him had been made. That the rupture with Armytage cost her a little sorrow is more than probable, although Alice's beauty, which had attained its height after Esther had left her home, did not, perhaps, inspire any particular feeling of jealousy. But when she heard, little by little, that this nobody, -with whom she had quarrelled, was growing into being an actor of repute and with a future, and when sha noticed that Me Armytage, while he ap peared almost to have forgotten her, was more and more attracted by the beauty of the young girl whom she had gone out of her way to benefit — well then, Esther, being 'but a woman, got bitten by the green-eyed monster, and certainly grew worse instead of better. Chapter DX— Strong Evidence. The next morning Miss Hawkins sat at the bureau like the ghost of herself, so pale and lifeless she appeared. She might have been the Sphinx propounding her enigmas, and waiting to destroy the unhappy people who failed to guess them, so cold and hard and heartless did she seem. Mason, on the other hand, looked like the next prospective victim, and, indeed, by his nervous manner owned himself quite equal to giving it up before the puzzle should be pro pounded for solution. The big clock that boomed out the quarters on wires had just signalled the flight of the first 15 minutes since noon, as the long hand pointed horizontally on the big dial high up above the bureau at which Esther sat. The cold oruel look of the woman seemed symbolised by that stern hand reaching across the dial, and pointing to that from which there was no retreat, of which not one tittle should ever be recovered. Mr. Mason, -who made a feeble manoeuvre oE pretending to look out of one of the windows which were being polished np for the day might in his heart have envied any one of the fifteen minutes that had been able to fly. The giijls and waiters were washing and dry ing, dusting and arranging in preparation for the day's campaign, which rarely commenced before an hour past noon. Two or three of the girls wondered why Miss Hawkins was so early in her place, and as many more noticed how silent Mr. Mason was ; but such matters -were like the luQ before tha storm, only thought of afterwards. The straight, hard, far-reaching hand ap proaching the nest figure on the dial seemed to point down towards the vacant seat next to that which Esther occupied. Just then Alice ascended the few stairs by the side of the bureau, and stood under the clock, by Esther Hawkins's chair. ' Esther, I am going out for a short time,' she said. ' Going out,' echoed the other. Then shs went on, ' Aad so early in the morning, too ! Why V 'Why!' exclaimed Alice. 'Because I choose to do so.' 'Mr. Mason 3' said Esther, paler than ever, . with a cruel anger kindling in her eye, as if the enigma was being asked, *'Mr. Mason, will you step here, please f If Mr. Mason were QSdipus to solve the riddle he did not look very confident in his owa powers, and certainly gave but a bad illustra tion to the Sphinxian conundrum ; for although it was near noon he could not have shown more disinclination to walk upon bis two legs. ' Mr. Mason, it is important for you to come to me for a minute,' called out Esther, onca more summoning her unwilling conspirator, who gave a little start as if her worcls wdi-e pebbles, and had actually struck his ears. 'You know,' whispered Miss Hawkins, as tha unwilling Mason reached the bureau, 'thit; there have been most unsatisfactory defalca tions with the daily cash of late^33 'How does this concern me 'I1' angrily asked Alice. 'Wait one minute please,' said Either, while she looked at- Mason. 'There have been shortcomings, certainly,' mumbled Mason. 'This morning Miss Maitland has ths unusual wish to go o»t before business may be said to have commenced,' emphasised Esther. 'What do you mean, Esther?' gaspsi Alice, whose face was as pale with passion as was that of the other woman from a different; cause. 'Will you step downstairs, or would you like all the girls to hear us ?' asked Esther. 'Miss Maitland,' stammered Mason, 'if you will be guided by me, I would ad .rise you to finish our little interview in the room below/3 Without answering either of them Ali-je descended the staircase by the side of tha bureau, being followed by Esther and Mason. 'Now,' said the former, turning on her assailants, *'I will hear what you have to say.' ' You will have to hear, whether you like to f*o so or not,' replied Esther. ' In a word, we. suspect you of abstracting money from where it should remain in the bureau, and I ask you to allow the contents of your purse to be examined.33 As she spoke she beckoned to some one in the corner of the room, who had been pre viously unnoticed in the shade, and a police officer approached the trio. With an indignant; glance Alice flung her purse upon the table. 'Of course it is only a matter of form,' stammered Mason. 'Will you examine the contents of the puise first and apologise afterwards?' said Esther. With a glance at Miss Maitland that seemed half to deprecate and half excuse his action Mason turned out the contents of Alice's pretty little purse upon the table, and com menced examining the coins that he had thu* brought to view. Mr. Mason turned the money over in a per functory sort of vray, as if he were going through a very irksome form which he deaired to make as brief and unimpressive as possible. 'You are passing that florin, sir,3' saiii Esther in a voice of exulting vindietiveness* Mason picked up the two-shilling piece with manifest reluctance, and raised it ne:ur his eyes. Yes! there was unmistakably a line drawn across the three lions passant on the reversrs side of the coin, a mark made the previous nigfat by Esther in Mason's presence before the money was returned to Mr. Jeffries* cashbox, kept in a drawer of the bureau. 'How did you become possessed of this florin, Miss Maitland ?' inquired the manager. ' This coin was marked by Miss Hawkins.' A sudden thought struck the surprised bat indignant girL Yesterday afternoon, after drinking some coffee, she had felt suddenly drowsy. Had tiie bitter enemy, whom shw had mistaken for a friend, dragged the beve rage so as to put the marked money into her purse while she was unconscious ? ' I cannot answer you,' she said to Mason, v-hilst her gaze was steadily fixed on Esther. 'Yesterday afternoon I had an nneonfcrollable sleepiness come upon me. Perhaps at that time the florin was placed in my porfce monnaie.'3 ' 'When did this happen to you*' asked Mason, with almost a hopeful tone in his voice' ' Yesterday afternoon,' replied Alice. 'This florin was marked by Miss Hawkins last night after she had spoken to Mr. Jeffries and to me,' said Mason, in a tone of refji'^t. ''?1 presume you will charge her with chn theft,' said Esther, whose every word seemed to wound and burn like a red-hot dagger. 'That is a responsibility I should not lik» to incur of my own act,31 said Mason. ' If Miss Maitland will allow me to look her in her room until 1 can find Mr. Jeffries— say in an hour or two — I daresay he vyill give the matter more consideration than 1 in my position can expect to do.' 'I have told him what 1 suspected,' began Esther, but before she could proceed Alice had signed to Mr. Mason that she would comply with his suggestion. Then the accused and the manager left Esther and the police officer and ascended to the iot.ni that was to be a temporary prison. Chapter IV.— The M.ihked Coin. Mr. Mason left the humiliated, wretched Alice Ma;tland under the security of I j.;k an J key, and hurried away to his proprietors private house. Need we describe the misery of the poor girl who had risen that morning ttie happiest of all God's creatures — the woman who loved and was loved ? But day and night did not con trast more completely with each other than did the brightness of her life as she had last quitted her room with the gloomy mind which she took back to it. 'What can I ^y to 'William Armytage to explain away this mean charge — I, who cannot enlighten myself as to its mystery?' And Alice very naturally burst into a passion of tears. Mr. Mason's desire to screen her only in creased her conviction that he was not lend ing himself to any sinister plot. And yet, knowing her own innocence, how could she account for the possession of that marked There was nothing for her to do but to find some means of leaving the house before a gaol should make all chance of escaping publicity impossible. She would change her dress and conld easily pass out oE the house without recognition if it were only possible to get free j from her present prison. But Mason had most j scrupulously locked her in and taken away the key. She opened her window and looked at j the nest one, which, alas! was closed. It j would be dangerous enough to walk along the j low parapet but to stand on it whilst she threw up a heavy sash was impossible. With { an exclamation of despair Alice sank upon the j floor, more prostrate in her mind than she even ! was in the personal attitude which she had unconsciously assumed. Mr. Mason had not thought to keep her very long in her present restraint. He ex- I peeted to find Mr. Jeffries at home in the i early part of the day, and thus he intended j to make that gentleman act for himself, i He could not deny to his searching self- j examination that the coin which he had j marked and put into the till was that which i he had afterwards found in the young- girl's portmonnaie, but, for all that, Alice's face wore the expression of indignant innocence, while Esthers did hot attempt to hide her vindictiveness. Great, then, was his disappointment when he was informed that Mr. Jeffries had gone to pay his brother a visit, taking; himself i another ten miles from -Cottonton. Thus ! Mason could only return home. But trains were not frequent and he had the irksome ness of waiting some time before he could find himself retracing his unprofitable journey. All the way he was cogitating how he could i offer an excuse for not taking steps against Alice. ! ' Ko,1' he muttered, 'there is no escape for her. The guv'nor has been badly robbed three ? or four times, and has always made an example of the guilty people. Not but that Miss Mait- ; land does not look guilty.' _ ' Then he resolved to give Mr. Jeffries, or rather himself, one more chance. When he left the train he went into the tele- i graph office and wired the whole story to his chief at the brother's address, asking for in structions, as he was waiting at the station for them. ! At last, about eight o'clock at night, came the reply, which was as fellows : — 'What a fool you are. You know my ; mle is to punish such offenders unless there should be a reason for not doing so. This you will be the best judge of.' He thrust the telegram impatiently into his pocket, where the key of Alice's door reminded ; him of the hours during which she had beeu : under restraint. At last, feeling that any further postponement was impossible, be turned away in disgust, and was leaving the station when he felt a hand on hi* ami. 'Good evening, Mr. Mason,' said the person who accosted him. 'How d'ye do, Mr. Arrnytage'?'' was this reply, hastily made. ' Aren't you late for the theatre?' ' I should be for the theatre to which I was going. I was on my way to Edinburgh, but I was stopped at Newcastle with a wire to say that Mr. Egerton was so seriously ill that his wife, known as Miss Vellaine, had decided not \o act until she should be free from anxiety. Tiiat enabled me to come back here.' 'What, to act?' asked Mason, whose mind was occupied with far more important con siderations. 'Well, I don't mind telling you,:l explained Armytage ; ' I am engaged to be married to a young lady in Cottonton. ^In fact, she is pretty well known to yourself.' ' Ah, really !' absently said Mason. 'What do'you say to Miss Alice Maitland ?' asked the popular young actor.. ' What have I said to her ?' Mason spoke the words as they at first rounded to him. Then, almost unconsciously, lie realised the subject of Armytages cod verna tion. 'Good powers!' exclaimed Mason, 'you have intended to make Maitlandyour wife f He hastened his pace, whether to_ reach the restaurant more quickly or to distance Armytage did not appear; at any rate the second object was not obtained. The aspect of things at the Imperial had not varied during the day. : Whatever success her malice seemed to have achieved, it had not brought Esther much satisfaction. , 'After all,'' she told herself, 'supposing William was only too glad to cancel our engagement, it was before he had met Alice, and she knew nothing of it. But now she has the punishment and he will forget her as easily as be ceased to care for me.' j Yet, 'as she thought all this, there sud- : dedy jumped up the reflection that her plot had been carried too far for retreat, that her own betrayal could alone rescue I Alice from her impending fate. Conscience may make cowards of us sometimes— -oeea- | sionaliy cowardice gets the best of conscience, i TLe performance at the theatre had com- i sneneed. a circumstance that had a very quiet- ; ing effect upon the business of' the restaurant, j Locking the drawers of the bureau, Esther ranc.pst&irsto; her bedroom, the door of which she bolted. Then she lowered the blind of the windows, and, having lighted thecandleou her j table, she stooped down and took from a crack ; in the wainscot a coin — a florin. As she did so she heard a footstep near her door. Kising frem the ground and clutching the piece of silver in her left hand, which also held the . candlestick, she unbolted the door with her right-hand fingers, thinkiug to .confront some inquisitive servant. * ; The wick of the candle had not yet snelted, and the name burnt weirdly and dim as it fell upon the pale face of Alice Maitland. The guilty woman's nerves were overstrung ; she was in the act of abstracting the coin from its hiding place, and Ehe believed her victim to be a prisoner in the room above hers. What wonder tbat she took this unexpected appsar aiice f or a supernatural one 1 : With a scream of terror Esther fell senseless on the floor, whilst the no less frightened Alice glided down the stairs and escaped into the . street. j When Mason and Armytage entered the house there was confusion reigning' in it with out restraint. Masotfs first thought was about Alice, who had been so many hours in confinement. ; He returned in a minute, his face as blank as lie had found Alice's room. 'This letter for you was on the table,v he said to Armytage. ? Its words were few but full of despair. She told her lover of her accusation and her in nocence, of her intended escape as soon as the ?window of the next room should happily be open; then she bade him 'farewell,' as they would never mset again. While the actor read this by the light of the candle which had served Mason, the latter went iato the room where Esther now lay a ?corpse ; her left hand holding a Jiarin with a. iine drawn across the three lions passant. As he saw it Mason drew from an inner puckeb the coin which had accused Alice. 'Of course,' he said, 'the one I marked was the jubilee year, not 1883. I never thought of the date this morning.' : Esther had scrutinised the money in bur friend's purse and had imitated the mark ou a defaced fioria. As Alice's innocence was thus established ft cry was heard that a girl bad thrown herselt into the canaL With a terrible presage of misery Armytage rushed out into the street. Here he was ui«t by men bearing the insensible Alice. The rescue, however, had been in time, and restoratives soon brought the young girl back to life, to hear from the lips of her ardent lover the happy words which told her that the shsdow on her life had sunk as su-iftly as it had risen. — GassdPs Saturday Journal. 