SUNSHINE AFTER CLOUDS. (Copyright.) By an M.D. kuthor of M Under a Spell,' 'Victoria Ciosa Valour,' ' Science and Sin,' ' In Love: with tt Ghoat,' ' Condemned to Death,' &c;, &u; ?'.' CHAPTER V. GERALD GRAY SPEAKS AGAIN. Never again shall I be able to say that my soul loathfs everything earthly, for at the supre'ihb ninini'iit whim the ''conspirators consented to respitu my life for awhile, I felt a keen thrill of joy pass tlunugh mp — a joy so intmiMO that it shattered tha fow rt'iimauts of nerves I possessed, and drove ma into dei p, unconscious insensibility. Hut though my liram was wrapped in air impenetrable slumber, niv instincts prompted me to take food, to walk, to an nn question's,' arid generally to conduct myself hko the thinking beiiig I was not. It was a 'curious condition of iniiid and body, and to this day I have no leiolk'ction of any single event that happened',, fiom the time of my immediate fear of a violent lit atli be ini; removed, to the moment whim I wolco up to a knowledge of external things in tho hospital of Ste. Maria. Then 1 learned so many new fauts concernin' my previous history that I began : 0 ii ar I bad lost my memory and was not Gerald rray at all, but some poor creature who with larkoned mind had wandered to Paris hugging the. ielief that ho was a gentleman bom and educated, 'or instance, my garrulous attendant found time to iiform mo that I was a grocer's assistant ^ in tho tue Lopelletier, and that when my mind broka lown my master conveyed mo hero, and hero I had emaiued for the last two months ! In the face of such evidence as this, it took mo & ong time to convince myself of my real identity. Slowly, and by painfully imperceptible degrees, I ealised that I had never studied the art of weigh ng out pounds of sugar or ounces of tea, and, hav ng come to this conclusion, naturally desired to bo lonfronted with the man who claimed to be my nastcr A tedious delay took place before my ?equest was granted. Medical tests were applied ;o an irritating extent, and the doctors finally went iway congratulating themselves (not me) on such a nuvellous cure. I subsequently ascertained that ny caso had presented so many extraordinary fcdluus that I had been the show patient to tho Lvliole I acuity, and that, I had even been honoured }y .i visit from the eminent Chavcot himself! The result, of the examination was that I was at lbcih I o depart as soon as iny friends chose to 'istch me, and I looked joyfully forward to once noi e t iking my place in the world and claiming Ctliel as my bride. For many hours I occupied tny sdi with these pleasing thoughts whilst enjoying the solt summer air in the garden attached to the liO3pital. Nothing but my penniless condition pro vented my leaving Franco and hastening on th» wings of love and hopo to her who bad been my ioUto and comfort through the dark period of my illness. At last I worked myself into a perfect Fever at the thought of wasting so much valuable time, and was meditating borrowing a sufficient sum of money from one of the doctors, when an. attendant announced the arrival of a visitor for me. 1 followed my conductor eagerly to the waitiup room, where I came face to face with a man whOEA tcitmo I dimly remembered. ' You are not the grocer ? ' I asked. He. seemed, much too aristocratic to follow a trade. 'Your penetration does you credit,' he replied, with .i smile 'Hut flrat permit me to congratulate you upon the really marvellous improvement your bojuuiu in l'aiis has effected. I can hardly imAgin« you to lie the same being whoso acquaintance I originally made in the purlieus of Soho ! ' ' It wa-. not a happy meeting!' I replied. 'Uood hf i\eus, I should think not!' answered mj Msitoi, liughing. 'I can assure you that it re quired all' my influence to prevent those rasscala from sticking a dagger iuto you. Even now, cognisant as they are of your severe mental iUnesa, tin v niiialj upon your staying iu Paris, and upon a caitful watch beiug placed over you, i'or fear that*' you might interest the police either of Paris or London in their behalf ! Indeed, I ani here to co niiuinu ate their resolution to you. Permit me to introduce injsjlf, therefore, as President Dutibsque.'* 'Whit i of the French Republic ?' I asked, umihng 'Of a secnt society,' he. quietly whispered. 'But I fail to see what good my detention, can effect I have never mixed myself up with politics, and never intend to. Surely my word oE honour : not to divulge the few remarks I chanced to over hear on that fital evening will meet all the require ments of the case ? I can remember coniiding my history to you, aud if it interested you sufficiently to remim m your memory, you can see how anxious I am to relieve the .fears of my uncle and — aud Miss Urandou.' 'It is au impossibility,' replied Dubosque, in a freezing voice. ' I am only the. mouthpiece of my committee, aud what it decides I cauuot alter.' ' You seem to forget that I am not yet in your power,' I answered, considerably nettled at his tone. 'What ib the i ii to prevent my calling for assistance aud denouncing you a.s a plotter against the safoty of the State. ? Indeed, this seems the best way *f solving the difficulty.' Dubosquo made a sudden spring and was by my side iu an instaut, whilst the flash of steel warned me that I had a desperate antagonist. ' If you but open your lips, or stir one inch towards tho door without my permission, you are a dead man,' ho hissed through teeth clenched by relentless deter mination. 'Tell me what you expect of me,' I at last gasped out. 'Complete obedience to every order tho committee may impose upon you,5' replied Dubosquo, still standing over me in a watchful attitude, with the hateful-looking knife in his band. 'Their original intention was that you should bo placed in the custody of a grocer, who would pass you 6ft! as his assistant, but I pointed out that the position was too degrading for a gentleman, and at last obtained per mission to lodge you in my own rooms. You must allow that 1 am not actuated by malice.' 'X suppose 1 ought to thank you for tho concession yovi obtained,' I answered. 'But for goodness sake lot me know how long this Burveillanco is to last ? ' 'Until our ends are attained, or burst like a bubble. But I think I can safely promise you your liberty in live or six months.' ' 1 piv.-uime that 1 may be permitted to inform my friends that I still exist ? ' I inquired. ' I, regret that no communications can be allowed to pass during the period you remain as my guest,' was theiuuialUractory answer. 'Hut there is one person to whom I must write,' I exclaimed in uu agonj' of mind. 'Miss Itraudon must be informed that I am alive and well.' ' I am prostrated with grief at having to refuse eveu that request, but my orders are very precise. Come, M/insirur Uray — or rather Wilson, a.s you are now called — resign yourself to your fate, and I pro mise you it will not be a very disagreeable one. Forget that you are the object of espionage, forget that you aro Gerald Gray, forget every incident that has happened up to the present moment, and remember only that, you are Monsieur Wilson, my honoured guest/ As such, I beg that you will do me the favour of stepping into my hansom — quite a novelty iu Paris — and of deciding where we shall dine and what theatre we shall patronise.' What could 1 do but surrender ? Tho Frenchman's politeness took the edge off the bitterness, and I acquiesced iu the inevitable with tho best grace I could muster. lK'fore the day closed I bad conceived a great liking for 1113' boat, whose charming manners, tact, and delicacy were all exerted for the purpose of making me feel myself hits guest and not his prisoner. It was only as I was going to bed that 1 remembered my actual position, and it was called forth by Dubosquo himself. 'I am sorry to obtrude anything unpleasant on you at tins hour,' ho said, 'but as I do not wish to remind you of your captivity by placing a sentinel at your door, -will you obviate this by giving me your word not to attempt an escape ? ' I readily gave the required pledge, and slept more soundly that night than I could have deemed possible). My life in the gay French capital was a fascinat ing ono. I had nuvc-r tasted ui&nhood;'s pletjuKS ''f ' * -^ ' T v - before; for my mental Illness hud rendered me a h'irmit just at tho period whim I should' have emerged into society. I therefore now plunged into mild dissipations with a keenness and relish which brought a smile to Dubosque's face and a declaration that my enthusiasm was most refreshing! But, not withstanding the incessant rounds of gaiety and my host's extreme urbanity, I could iiot forget Ethel's lovely face, which always seemed to intorveDO between me and the full fruition of enjoyment. A month had passed away in the most charming cap« tivity that a prisoner could desire, when I noticed a peculiar alteration in Dubosque's demeanour. He ceased to meet me with the cordiality be bad always displayed, aud there seemed to be a kind of re straint in his manner which I was at a loss to account for. Indeed, I frequently detected him in tho act of looking at me as if he were struggling to repress a growing hatred for my society ! TheinorQ I pondered over his extraordinary altera tion of conduct, so much the less I became able to llud a solution, and I am convinced I should havo remained iu tho dark until the end of my captivity if a certain incident had not occurred which, though it afforded no clue at the. time, formed one link in the long chain of events that, finally converged to gether to point out my road to happiness. Ono morning Duboscjne presented himself before me, and in his uiiiial manner profusely apologised for tho sad necessity lie was under of leaving 1110 solitary for the rest of the day. 1 was getting so used to these polite excuses that 'I looked up with a1 smile and remarked that I hoped ho would enjoy himself. ' Ah, it is not pleasure I seek, but this interminable businesB,' ho rejoined, somewhat nervously, I thought. I was slightly incredulous, for I aTguodto myself tbat^a man does not, as a rule, explore the dingy recesBes of a lawyer's office or even the Bourse in the most faultless of costumes, aud with a magni ficent posy of hot-house flowers in his baud ! My face must have expressed something of what was passing in my mind, for Dubosque becanio em barrassed, and then, abruptly saying 'Au. revoir,' turned on his heel aud hurried down the stairs. I sat for a long time musing over my friend's want ?of confidence in ino, and then resolved to take a walk. The Boulevards were very bright and ani mated this morning, and I derived much pleasure in watching the various graces or antics of my fellow crentuves as I passed along. Presently a thoughtful mood overcame mo, and Ethel's image obscured the doings of the crowd; I ceased to seo any of the hurrying uuits, and only one fair face miles away in London was with me. 1 must have walked a considerable distance in this tit of abstraction, lor when I at last roused myself I saw that I was in the Ruc£Chaussu d'Antin. Now ibis was unfortu nate, f°r t»« Revolutionary Committee, whose | prisoner I was, had for the last month issued orders restricting my liberty to certain parts of Paris on certain days. This was done, Dubosquo informed mo, to prevent my meeting and recognising any of the conspirators whoso secret duties took them to tho forbidden precincts. The use of this road had been denied mo on this particular day. I was very much annoyed at liaving unwittingly broken my parole, and accordingly hurried to place myself within bounds, but as I was doing so an open carriage drove past, in which were seated Dubosque, another gentleman, and a lady whoso features bore a striking, almost maddening, re semblance to those of Ethel Brandon ! I stood still, petriiiod with astonishment, and followed thn carriage with my eyes until it turned a corner and becanio lost to view. Could it bo Ethel ? I trembled ?with sudden fear as I asked myself the question, and horrible doubts and suspicions crowded into my mind. But the unreasonableness and utter al-- stirdity of such ideas soon became manifest, and I strolled homewards with the firm conviction that the likeness between this strange lady and Ethel was only a curious coincidence. When Dubosquo returned that evening, I felt it my duty to tell him how I had been unconsciously led to break my parole. 'As long as you failed to recognise any of your Solm friuuds, I do not think it is ot much consequence,' lie replied, smilingly. 'I do not suppose I could identify a single one of them if I did meet him,' I answered. '2'everthe-- less', I saw you driving in a carriage.' Dubnsque turned his face full on me, and it bore a terribly anxious expression as ho said, ' Ah, yes ! I was in several carriages this morning. Was I alone when you chanced to see mo ? ' ; 'No. You bad a lady sitting opposite to you whoao face was the very duplicate of Miss Bran don's. So startling was the likeness that I was dumbfoundered for a moment, and could not get rid of the idea that she was hero in Paris.' As I spoko Dubosquo became livid. Ho rose from bis seat ostensibly to obtain a cigar, but in. reality to conceal his change of countenance from mo. 'My words seem to agitato you ! ' I remarked. He raturned no answer for' a minute, but busied himself in lighting the cigai1, which apparently was, a difficult task. Then he onco again faced mo with a dark inscrutable look which somehow I did not relish. 'I am agitated on your account,' ho at: laat said. 'Now, when you saw mo with the lady, was I not also accompanied by a gentleman ? ' 'Yes, you were.' *jjt& 'Were his features familiar to you f ' 'Well, now I think of it, I fancy I had seen them before. But I could not be certain, for I was so occupied with the lady that I had no time to give him my attention.' 'I suppose it is only right to tell you,' continued; Dubosque, as if reluctantly, 'that he has tho power of causing you considerable discomfort. Ho knows you well, for he is one of my Committee ; and if he uti!'ortunately caught sight of you in the Chauss6 d'Antiu, you may expect some harsher treatment than you have hitherto experienced. Our rank and file are perfectly awaro that I protect you because you arc a gentleman. They ask themselves, ? Would he do the same for any ono of us ? ' and answer it in the negative. Therefore, a large amount of jealousy exists amongst the members, slightly tinged with a thirst for blood.' 'Would it not bo a 'good plan for you to connive at my escape ? ' I asked. ' I am weary of bondage, and am impatiently longing to see my friends.' ' 'I have thought of that, but it is too risky for me,' answered Dubosque. ' Besides, 011 your return to England you would simply bn introduced to a lunatic asylum, where you would spend many weary months until released by the cumbersome processes of law. 1 really can suggest, n'othiu'; better than your continuing here and tuisting that circumstances may be propitious. 7 ' Your suggestion seems the only practicable one, ''I replied. 'But I luivo a perfect Urean ni being a drag upon you. liven now 1 imagine that your politeness has brought you back to mu to the I detriment of engagement s else. where.' 'Do not nay that!' exclaimed Dubosque quickly. 'I like you, and your youthful candour, is a good medicine for a man who has dived deep into all the vices and follies that cm-He human nature.' 'But,' I answered, determined to have an ex planation of his various moods in 1 1 is treatment of me, '? I have frequently fancied that you have lately as often regarded mo with hatred as with friend ship.' 'Ah, ah, my good fellow!' laughed Dubosque lightly, ' tho expression of friendship was I'or your self and the look of hatred was directed against my sins. Now let me change the subject and seek diversion in this gay city. Como with me, put yourself into a metaphysical mood, and study human I nature at its worst — and that is in a gambling hclll' j ' Where are we now' ? I asked, as lmlf-an-hour later 1 our conveyance drew up in front of a brilliantly lighted portico in a not very fashionable part of Paris. 'This is the academy for the. study of metaphysics, but better known as tho Cercle de* Jioheinitm,'' replied Dubosque. 'Within these vails every passion and emotion that sway frail mortality have been acted with a terrible earnestness, and with a vividness that has made even a cynic liko myself shudder. Hut if I continue to talk in thia strain 1 shall begin to moralise, and if I begin to moralise I shall weary you and spoil your play — that is, if you intend to tempt Dame Fortune,' ' You forget that I am a pauper and entirely :li'prndrut on your bounty,' I answered. 'Not at all. Not at all,' answered Dubosque. 'Of course tho Committee defrays your expenses ii the same way that any (loverutmtnt would those o. Is political pritioin'1'.s, but if you aro iu want 01 i.i.mey, jiray do uot scruple to ijoiro-v of mo.' 'I can hardly borrow when I have no nicana o? . '^tj-Z repaying.' ':.'. ' -' %;?£ 'Ah, you English carry your ideas of honour to 'j£~x'- an absurd length,' lie replied. 'You aie apparently JJy1 too proud to accept, my purse ; hence, I suppbsi', I j^jf must renew my offer in another way. Wry well ^,'1 then. I propose to lend you any sum you' may ^Ijs require on your note of hand to be redeemed wheu &§ you come into your property.' . ||Jp I accepted this arrangement' with 'gratitude, and ^WM then went with my friend to an inner room ?nhero $m a number of men and a fair sprinkling of 'women ||| were busily engaged at Treutt-tt-gumante. ' After ^m watching the game for a abort time and losing a, „ J9 few francs, Dubosque carried me off to effect, my ti|| introduction to tho manager and to make me frpe of , ;||§ the place. JS| 'The manager is absent, fora little time,' we-1 'h were' informed by a superbly dressed latly who was Wk tbo sole occupant of the room. Dubosque shook hands W with her and announced me as his dearest fiiend. JH The lady glanced at mo 'with curiosity, expressed fl her admiration of everything English, and then _ '9 plunged into an animated conversation with my 4H host, and evidently forgot, all about my existence. ' S .My want, of occupation induced me to study till* 9 magnificent specimen of womanhood, and a very i9 attractive investigation I found it ! As I looked at. 9 her face I recalled the conception I had formed of. -? 9 St'iniramis, the great Queen— beautiful, imperious, ' |fl inflexible, cruel, but utterly devoid or the fat idly of , : M love. Yet. there was a gleam in her wonderfully his- ,M troiis dark eyes that would fascinate the most unim- ^H passioned and lure him, Circe-like, to destruction, . M should he permit himself to bo drawn ever so littlo 9 into her toils, impelled by tho power of her eyes, . m Ifgazed with a pleasureablo dread of being be- , 1 witched, and whilst my glance was still full upon ? her, she observed me. For a moment her look was ?- hard and resentful, but in another instant a 1 \ wotidrously soft, light played over her features, and \ sli ? was transformed from a cruel Somiramis to a j sweet loving-woman ! Such a rapid alteration, biich | a refutation of my first impression, staggered me, | and whilst I was endeavouring in a confused way j to rearrange my thoughts, .she included mo in thu 1 conversation. . ' ,3 I noticed also another change in her manner. , 3 Whilst she was talking to Debosqne, her voice was ' 4 loud and harsh, and her bitter laughter frequent* ? 1 whereas whin she addressed me her tone becamo- , | gentle, almost caressing hi its. ^sofi ness, and her I laugh was sweet and genuine. Dubosque himself \ remarked the difference and acknowledged his dis- *j covory v\«th an amused smile which only served to. . ' j draw upon him a scornful, look. ' \ My friend had told me that I should find. ?; the ', j gambling club, a Bplendid school for metaphysics, \ and I found that, lie had spoken the truth though '1 not in the sense he had intended. In the misciable % J absorption of the gambler I took no inteieat, ? although I was obliged to play in older to havo ' '- some ralaon d'etre for my constant attendance at - ' the house. I was very unsuccessful at the tables and soon found inysclf a loser to a considerable ' amount, but this I only regarded as a necessary ', preliminary to the very pleasant society of Julie do Savigny. I could not disguise from myself the profound in- ' ' terest with which sho inspired me. Within a very few ' ' days, we hud bncome almost confidential and tho bright look with which she invariably received ma made me loathe myself for having dared to compare \j. her to the cruel Assyrian Queen. For me she had f [ always a tender expression and a, soft, low voico like the gentle murmur of a summer sea, and as time rolled on the bitter laugh and the scofliug jest were less frequently hurled at Dubosque and the rest of her male friends. Before long she told me her little «.d history — how she was tho daughter of a colonel who when lie died had left, her, an orphan, to the charge of lies mother's brother, Le Maitre, who was tho manager ' v of the club. Her childhood had chiefly been passed / within its precincts where she had had to associate with dissipated men and women whose only god .., was the roulette table. What wonder then that I had mistaken a girl perpetually on the defensive for something very beautiful but very cruel ! This is what she insinuated, and I felt its tiuth. ? / 'But you havo improved,; Jvjljie, Bine? 1 'n kh-'\ 1 you,' I remarked. Her face lighted up with pleasure, 'a'i, m,-r~ Bieur.I am natural with you,' she replied. i r-,i-. ' ' your face. 011 the evening you were introdu' p 11 d ip\ , and knew at once that I had not a man ol ? f ;- ,vo ''- to bo on my guard against, lv*.; that I wa,, in tiic presence of a simple, innocent gentleman.'' This tribute to 'the inuocenco of my youth was not so pleasing to me as it ought to have been. It is not chic in Paris to bo thought sirsjjplc, hence my training caused me to rebel against Julio's estimate, of my character. Perhaps I was intemperate in my method of explaining tlii.s to her, but I was astonished tc find that she received my answer with a buist ot tears ! 'I am sorry, Julio, i£ I have said anything tt offend you ! ' I exclaimed, aghast at this climax tc an otherwise pleasant visit. She threw herself on the sofa and continued to sob. How beautiful she looked in the ahimhn of grief I could scarcely imagine, Venus capable of assuming such a perfect attitude or of being so erchiintinglj lovely. As she still continued speechless I advancec to the sofa, took her hand in mine, aud knelt, besidt her. 'Come, Julie, dear! Dry your eyes. Ib dis tresses me to seo you like this.' s By a sudden movement she disengaged her hand flung her arm round my neck, aud bending my fact ; down to hers, murmured, 'I lovo you!' At tbii interesting moment the door was opened, and 1a Maitre entered the room. He stopped fehort as hi perceived the situation, uttered an apology f or luY intrusion, and beat a hasty retreat. (To be continued.) 