'The Mystery of Aliimton.' (By ' Pstchoiogist.') 'What, you do believe in ghosts! Jack, old boy3 1 am surprised at you. You don't mean to tell me that you hare added another to the already large list of superstitious idiots. Ghosts, indeed I Had there been such gantry, you would un doubtedly have been visited pretty frequently ere this. Why ? For the simple reason that the spiritual tenants of the various corpses you have dissected in your time would certainly have ap peared to settle accounts with you for the un skilful butchering practised upon their earthly shells.' . - The speaker — Tom Leslie — at this juncture found it convenient- 1* duck his head as an over ripe peach whizzed through the air and smashed against the opposite wall. ' Fie upon you, Jack,' exclaimed Tom ; ' don't loss your temper. Uemember the dignity sup posed to be rested in a medical man. Why, if poor Mrs. Everimaladie had witnessed that little outburst of yours you would assuredly have lost one of your most opulent and trusting patients. But pax, old chap, I am sure you must have some valid reason for your remarks, as I know y«u are t#o steady for your ghosts to have taken shape through th« meiium of tha punchbowl; and if you will honor me with, any particulars' in support of your theory, I wiil prove an attentive listener. But, first of all, I will trouble you for another cigar.' Whilst Tom is lighting up let us get in a word of explanation as to the gentlemen themselves. In' the first place they were college chums, and by their fellow-students had been nicknamed 'the inseparables,' in fact their friends learnt at last that it was of no use issuing invitations to one -without including the other. Tom Leslie is a young barrister of about three and thirty, who is slewly but surely Tna.fring himself a. name at the bar, whilst Jack, or as we should eiyle him, ' Dr. John Ainslie,' is about the same age as Tom, and has already built up for himself a lucrative practice. I need say no more, as we are more particularly interested in what the doctor is about to recount, than in the gentlemen themselves. So., we will at once return to our theme. You will remember, Tom, said the doctor, that some 12 mouths ago I took a hard-earned holiday, and paid a visit to one of my old fishing haunts at Allinton, on the Eiver Whit adder. Well, after spending the firsb day in settling myself and baggage and visiting one or tw# old mends, I commenced my holiday in real earnest, and sallied down to the pretty river, which was distant about a mile or so from my lodgings. I gave myself up entirely to sport, for the river abounded with some of the finest trout that ever rose to a fly. - One day as I was roamiag al»ng the river bank~ I made the acquaintance of an old gentleman of interesting appearance, who had built himself a rude hut some 10 or 12 rods from the river side, and therein dwelt a veritable hermit;. I. entered into conversation with him, but he proved a reticent companion. However, I soon discovered that the old gentleman was himself a keen fisher man, being really, the only hobby he indulged in, and I suppose this bond of union was the means of his eventually throwing aside his air of reserve and imparting to tne certain details concerning his past. Gradually he became more communica tive, and I learnt that he had once been a busy and prosperous city man, happy in the enjoyment of the pleasure of everyday life, when trouble cast her heavy hand upon him. To begin with, he had an enly son^— a youth of great promise — who, at the age of 16, repaid his father's care and indulgence by running away to sea. This was a great blow in itself, but was net all, as the boy's mother, never a strong woman, collapsed entirely and died within a few months of a. broken heart. Then it was that the poor afflicted man felt he -sould no longer pursue his ordinary avocation, -and selling up his business and the whole bf his property fied for repose to the spot where I found him. Although 10 years had elapsed without word from his son, he still cherished the hope that the boy would return, if only in time to close his father's eyes 9 and, said he, ' Did my son but know. how my heart hungers; for him, and the forgive ness that awaits him, he would hot longer delay his return.'' He then in a very excited state pro ceeded to tell me that he had hidden away the balk of his life's earnings for the benefit of that son who had (proved so unworthy, and that the_ document revealing its whereabouts, together ?with k will in the boy's favor, were to be found upon him. -Here I ventured to remonstrate with him upon the impropriety of mentioning this fact aloud in such a place, and involuntarily gla&ced; around to satisfy ihyself that there had been ho thud party within earshot. \- -^Whtft was ? my /asfomshmeni; to discover, not bi«t« than a-dozeh*j»aces from where we stood, an individnal of most unprepossessing appearance, wh'6 I 'i»aa »©-' doubfc had heard erery wwd to whach thff-oldmaii had given utterance.. 'And- was even th'»£ endeavoring to slink away %dfeBerTe«L': Withont & moment's hesitation I ^dro^ped'my -rod aSid gave chBBe to the indi yidu^/ %hp/ findifig faimBelf discovered eavBs :MSppi%^shdi^e^' ^ub ?„* ^'cleto j&ir; of hetiifi/? Being £-teter 'of foot than I; he was enabled to elude capture. I was forced to acknowledge myself baffled, atid inade 'the best of my way back to the s^t ^ere Iliad left the old man. You nifiy vmagihet 1 Ibund him in a very per turbed utate of mind; but; in sijite/6f all my entreaties, I cotild not .induce him to leave his tut,' for a time at least, ana ac&smpany; me to safer quarters. ?:' ':- -' '?????? ? ? ? . However, ^s he *M I met together ^very flay foratloast ft week after this etent, ana nothing had'tTanroiredto«xcifefmi;hfef alarin,! ^ tay Mind that my fears for the old aaiUi'iB /safety were groundless, and dismiined tu» zSattex irtwi tayj&ngfate.; . ?, . ? . .,, - . :. .- Ab9ut tiustimebadNraathersetit, amd Iwfls J kept a prisoner at my lodgings owing to the heavy j rains and gales., which f»r d$.ys rendered fishins j imposBi|ile. Qne eventng I felt fjV&o;?^ wett, anp. was^rfctLng alone ia my room ectioavoring to pass away the time in reading? but do what I would I could not settle.zny nund upon the novel before me. After several vain attempts I threw down the book aad sat musing' in my chair. Mechanically, my thoughts reverted to the old gentleinan 'who had of late been my daily companion. I wondered how he was faring in his poor tenement, which I was sadly afraid was sorry protection at such a time .as this. By and-bye I retired to rest, and I suppose had slept but a couple of hours when I awoke with a start, feeling certain that somebody had passed a hand aerossmyfaee. Isprangoutofbedinst&ntly;, struck a light, and looked round the room, but no person could I see. The door was locked jnsfc as I had left it, and I was forced to believe that ifc was \\-uxe fancy on my part— no doubt I had had the nightmare. I blew onfc the light and returned to my bed, when I instantly ' experienced a feeling that I was not alone. I strained my eyes into the darkness, and whilst doing so thought I hearda moaning Bound, apparently just outside my room. This sound gradually came nearer amd nearer to my bedside, when sud denly a flash as of lightning lit up the room, and to my horror I beheld the old man standing before me, beckoning to me to follow him. Finding my voice at last, I accosted him, but received no reply. He still stood in the same attitude, only that now bis beckoning became more frantic, and as I gazed I felt a thrill run through me from head to foot, and the figure seemed to gain a mesmeric power pvdr me. Without really know ing what I did I slipped out of bed, and to my astonishment found that I wag putting on my clothes as methodically as at atfy other time, finishing by unlocking the door and making my way out of the house. Still, under the influence that I cauaot explain, I followed my guide, and presently noticed that he took tke path I was in the habit of using when proceeding to the river. The wind howled and shrieked amongst the trees as we hurried on, but strange to say I had now lost all the feelings of dread which had, at first taken possession of me. I seemed to be acting entirely under instructions from a stronger will than my own. Ail at once I found myself alehe. My guide had suddenly vanshed into air, leaving me puzzled in the extreme. I was now almost alongside the old man's hut, and whilst I was debating as to whether I should seek to gain admittance, I heard footsteps 'behind me, and immediately a figure brushed past me that £ fancied I had seen before — but where ? My memory refused to assut me. I hailed the man ; then, as he did not appear to have heard mo, I called out in a still londer voice. No response. The man appeared to be so intent upon some purpose or other that he neither seemed to hear or see anything aroumd him, but went straight ahead, not stepping till he reached the hut. He then paused and knocked smartly at the little door. It was shortly after wards opened by the old man, who stood on the threshold peering into the darkness, with a lantern raised above his head. What the two were saying as they stood there I could not make out for the noise the wind made through the trees, bat presently the stranger followed my friend inside,«nd shortly afterwards I heard sounds of a straggle, then a, wild shriek, followed by a heavy fall. Bushing- to the door I tried to open it, but it was fast, and for some time resisted all my efforts to burst it open,- at last it yielded. I staggered forward into the room, aad by thelight of the lantern which stood upon a rude table, I beheld a fearful spectaele, for there, at my feet, lay the old man, a corpse — with the blood streaming from a. wound in his chest, and a knife buried in his throat — foully murdered, bnt by. whom? As I stood gazing spellbound, . the door leading into the only other room, that in which the old man used to sleep, opened, and a man came forth, bearing in oae hand' a heavy cudgel, and in the other a small packet of papers. One look.at his face was enough — the mystery was solved! The man. who stood before me was the same to whom I had given chase a fortnight previously, and tbe papers now in his possession, without doubt, contained the old man's secret. Alas! My forebodings had proved only too true. The murderer recognised me instantly, and a most diabolical look over spread his countenance, as he strode towards me. Before I had time to seize any weapon in self defence, he was upon me and hissing out — ' I foiled you once, and now you lose the game,' raised his arm to strike. The .next instant he dealt mo a frightful blow an the head, felling me to the floor, and I remembered nothing further. * # * * * When I recovered consciousness I found myself lying in my own bed, feeling weak and dizzy and suffering great pain. Involuntarily I raised _ my hand to my head, which I discovered ? was en veloped in bandages. I cried aloud, and a female voice answered, enjoining me to keep perfectly quiet and on no account to attempt to ask any questions. Presently a glass was placed to my lips and I was ordered to drink. Mechanically I obeyed, a sense of drowsiness supervened, and I fell into a deep sleep. When I again awoke I felt rather better, to find that a doctor was bending over me. My first words to him were, ' Did you find the old gentleman?' 'Don't excite yourself, my poor fellow,' said the doctor, 'you have had a nasty aceident, but I believe, with care, you will soon be yourself again.' ' Nasty accident !' I exclaimed, ' I tell you it was no accident, the man intended to murder me as he did my poor friend.' A lock of blank bewilderment was his answer, and then, seeing . his pitying glance, I remarked, ' Yon believe I am raving, but I can assure you I am . as sane as you are ;' and I then recounted the strange adventures through which I had passed. ' Nonsense,' muttered the doctor. . '. Why, . man alive, you have not left this room for. a week.' He then proceeded to tell me that late one evening my landlady had heard an unusual noise proceeding from my room, and- after knocking at the door and receiving no reply entered, only to find that I had fallen heavily from the chair in which I had no doubt been asleep, and had struck my head against the fender, inflicting a ghastly wound, and, as a natural consequence, days of delirium had succeeded. Before the doctor left I had exacted from him a promisB that he would have search and inquiry made, but his looks told me plainly that ' he attached no credence whatever to my «tory. Well! after the lapse of about a week, 1 was- con sidered sufficiently convalescent to be allowed my liberty, and then I leant that a search party had proceeded to the old man's hut and found mat ters were as I had described. . An inquiry rWas held by the village coroner, and an open verdict returned, then my poor friend's decomposed re mains 'were accorded the rites, of buxiaL After this fishing was, of course, out of the question; I packed tip my trapB and left for faonuH-a sorry ending -to such a promising holiday. 1 endeavored to reBuine practice, but found I could not settle down at all. Something within me told me my first duty was to bring the mur derer to justice, but how to set about it waaqiiite another question. One evening, not long after my return, as I was sitting in my study, a stranger was ushered in to me. I begged him to be seated, and asked what I could do for hm*. ' You are Dr. Ainslie, are you not ?' he in quired. ? - I answered in the affirmative. ' - He then stated that he was Mr. Arthtir Allen, the son of tlie gentleman who had been murdered at AUihton, and had lately returned to his native citTi- only to learn that Me mother was bo more, and that his father had long* lift the- place. After zonch trouble he succeeaealn tracing his whereabouts, but found he had arrived too late. !Protn some of the villagers he gleaned particulars of iny strange story, and at once set out to find me. Ijjave tne p6oi Borrowing fell6*r a fuB refeital, arifateured him I would afford him every as'siatarice ia my power in trafeMng the muraerer. At this point he rose to leave ; btitss he turned towards.the dbbr, started violently, exclaiming in horrified accents—' Greaj^jieavenB, look there, my poor 'tether/' Trr,: ' . .-, '_,.?'' '..., Before us stood the spectral form of the old .miui, regarding his son' wit®. & wistful and y«arn ing look that was jtitiful fa) behold. ?-.. - ' Father V Father:! speak to me,' sobbed dut; the pfeor yoniig man, ' eay *J»at_ypu wishineto do.'5 ' TESn -in slow ana mournM^c^ni^' Sie .spectre,- '.'? spbite-^' Arthur, : my beloved |.6pn,: ybst, not, I JpTAy theer ttll ? thbu ^ fcas* brought to refci-ibution thy jaiEher's aBftasBin. fffaew BtJHldi oue whoiibAU uiraot thee in thy search ; leava him not.' As suddenly as it had appeared the figure vanished, and we were alone. The young man fainted at my feet, and it was some time before I could restore consciousness, after which I had a bed prepared for forTy and he became my guest. For the next day or two we Aid little else than talk about the strange visita tion, and discussed divers plans in reference to our projected search. One evening, as we were sitting smoking on the ' verandah in front of the house, a, peculiar sensa tion stole over me. I at once understood its meaning, and turning to my companion said, 'Mr. Allen, I have a presentiment that some unseen power is again at work within me, what ever I io- wherever I go, bear me company.' Immediately my identity seemed to forsake me, I was once more a mere tool, the means to sm end. , Re-entering the house, I packed my valise and started out into the night. ' Where I proceeded, what route I took, I knew not; and after traveK ling for what'seemed an age, I found myself in the interior of a gambling saloon in the south of France. One glance around the room was , Bum-? cient. I understood my mission at once, for' there, seated at one of the tables, was the mur derer. . ? Stepping up to him, I placed my hand, upon his shoulder, exclaiming ' Vile assassin, at last I have found you!' His face assumed an ashen' hue, but only for an instant, as forgetful of bis surroundings he sprang to his feet, and with a frightful oath ejaculated — ',? 'What, again? I thought I had clewed you up for ever, along with.that damaedyoid miser; but you shan't escape me now !' and saying tnis* he rushed at me with knife uplifted. , Before it could descend a shot was fired from behind ma, and the ruffian fell at my feet. This Jpioke the spell. 'What is this? Where am I?'; I. exclaimed as I regained my ' natural state and. self-control and found myself standing in the-: midst of an excited throng. The mystery was; soon explained — the man who. had fired the sHot. was none other than Arthur Allen, who had, true to his father's command, followed me m my wanderings, taking with him two English de tective officers whose services he engaged directly = he had seen my preparations for. departure.^ ; ^ * * * ' *r ''.'.-.'. :''*.- 't'7, - --' The rest is soon told. The murderer was^riol bronght to the gallows, as the., wound ;he^-re^: ceived terminated fatally. But before-, -iis^ death he made a fall confession ol h^crj^&jui3-; restored to young Allen the remnant vof/his father's fortune, now only some £5000.. Jor .^000, the bulk having been squandered at the gaming tables. ' :: ' -^ Tom! my story is ended, and X;fcrust IhaVff5 mot bored you with its details. - Should you be' still inclined to ridicule my theory I would askyour; explanation of the following points : Hbw^didi^ happen that I was at the lonely hut -on tfeitawfut' night a witness to the terrible crime ??' The^io^toi' swore that I had not left my lodgmgBiJbemg^iii capacitated by my accident fromdoing so. T6u can't tell me ? ' . T^^. ! '^ Bly answer is My form -.mif haTdJf^M ^ home, but I was at the hut. ; ~ Then, again, why did the murderer assert that' he thought he had slain me along, wlfeh the'joid* man. He saw me before him as heBtruckme down. No, the spirit of the old man found in me a perfect medium, and used me as it would not even appearing to the son till he was in my presence. Am I a believer in ghosts ? Most emphatically I answer 'Yes.' 