CHAPTER XXIV. YOU ! IS IT YOU, THEN !” Hartleigh Hall was filled with guests, and al though Guy was not there to. sit down with them that night, Sir Kichard did not wait tor him, for ho knew that he had much to do now that he had undertaken the care of the estate. _ ■ Dinner was over, and there had been music, and many of tiie guests had seated themselves at the card tables. Maid a had wandered out on the VGrandah, where slio thought to be alone, but she had not keen there many seconds when she heard a step behind her, and looking around, saw Caryl IVi)ton. ‘ Pardon me for disturbing you,' he said, ‘ but I had a word to say to you which I hoped you would forgive. It is about a dear friend of mine who is near to trouble without knowing it, and I want yonr advice on the matter. 'Will you give it ?’ She turned a trifle pale and drew a sharp breath. ‘ At least I will hear the case.’ she answered, in a scarcely audible voice. ‘ To make it more clear to you, let us suppose is CUSP. ‘ et ns take tho easo of a-woman' who is iu danger.' Shelias an acquaintance—fi y any Gladys, for example—who is jer.leus nf li»r and wishes her harm. Then there comes a man iroui America, who tries to appear very’simple, bat who has a secret understanding with Lady Gladys. I don’t know what harm the man can do but 1 am convinced he seeks to do harm. AYliat X would like to say to my dear frierd is, that if she has any papers or otli»r valuables which could possibly betray her, she had better destroy them, that is all. He had not looked directly at Maida as he said this, or he would have seen that she was growing ashy pale. Perhaps he knew the probabio effect of his words, and preferred not to look at her un til he had finished. ‘ How can 1 help you in the matter}' she asked in a low tone. Then he turned, and looked her full in tho ‘ If nothing suggests itself to you, then there is nothing you can say to help me,’ he gently ‘No,’ she answered, almost coldly, ‘nothing suggests itself to mo. 1 do not understand you. I hope you will excuse mo if I leave you. I wish to walk.’ “ Not alone ?” ‘ Why not ?’ ‘ Oli, you must not. Those jewels! You might meet some evilly disposed person, or— 1 You are-fanciful, Mr. Wilton. Please excuse me,’ and she drew her light shawl about her,and glided away from him. Ho stood looking after her with lowering brows, and had just made up his mind to follow her and insist upon accompanying her, when he heard Sir Richard calling him, and stood still. * Is that you, Mr. Wilton ?' 1 ‘Yes. Sir Richard.’ “ ‘ 1 am like a shepherd who is always losing his sheep. Have yon seen my daughter V’ j ‘Miss Hartlcigli lias gone to her room, perhaps,’ said Caryl, knowing how alarmed tho old man would bo if he knew that his daughter had gone out into the grounds alone to walk. And tlietwo walked back into the house together. Maida stepped swiftly across the terrace, hold ing her shawl closely to her, the moonlight fall ing on her face, which showed no trace of nervousness or fear—nothing but a sort of vexa tion at having been spoken to about a matter which she bad been trying to forget. She no longer feared. Save for passing moments of sud den, fierce mental struggles, like those of a chained and imprisonr.d wild animal, no presen timent filled lier soul, or tempted her to swerve from the dangerous path on which, she had sot Sometimes she almost believed that her past life was a dream, and that she was Constance Harllsigli. To-night, save for a few moments of terror, as Caryl Wilton revived memories of the post, she was at pcaco with herself and with the past. He was fanciful. What could there be in any secret between Lady Gladys and the American—any secret which could hurt her? Even Caryl Wilton could not bo sure that she was not the rightful daughter of Sir Richard, for, after all, she was the only daughter he liadliving and she would not let him think that be could move her at will. With a look of defiance, she half paused and looked around. ' As if to strengthen her assur- , ance, the night lay silent as a tomb. ‘ How exquisite !’ sho murmured, looking np at tho sky. ‘ I shall surely have time to have a look at the church. How can they find any pleasure in sitting in those warm rooms, while all this calls to them in vain ?’ Communing thus, she opened the wicket-gate, and stood among the tombs, gleaming white in the moonlight. And, as she looked around, a smileplayed about her lips. ‘ Certainly lam not nervous, she said. ‘ Are there many women with a taste like mine who would stand here without n shudder ? How quiet it all is ! 1 wonder how the church looks in She was passing the porch to look in at one of the small windows, when she saw, to her aston ishment, that the door was half open. With a smile at the thought of the extent to which Sir Richard's anger and amazement would have gone had lie but known it, she push’d the door open, and entered. , Sho stood , in the nave, admiring the weird b"anty of the moonlit pillars and carvings, and then walked Slowly around the aisles. A vivid rcy of mooiiSght fell upon a large white marble' tablet, and attracted her attention to it. The' tablet was nc.’curiosity to her, but she always looked at it whenever she entered the church. She knew the lines by heart, but she read them SACRED TO THE MEMORY OF AGATHA, WIFE OF SIR RICnAItD HARTLEIGH^ EAKI,, Born June Gth, IS—, Died December 11th, 13—. ' To Lady Hartleigh!’ sho murmured. ‘ Yes> that is the world’s way. A huge, glaring tablet of stone is offered as an atonement for a life of wrong-doing, as a compensation for years of suffering. Such atonement and compensation as it is, she has had paid to her ; but what atone ment has been made to that other suffering woman, betrayed and deserted ? I forget. An atonement has been made, and it is I who have snatched it—1, the daughter of the betrayed, wronged, deserted woman 1 Atonement, do I say ? What atonement could be more complete ? 1, the child of the deserted woman, and in the place of the rightful heiress, am the acknow ledged daughter and heiress, bear the prond Hartleigh name, wear the family diamonds, can marry, it I choose, the heir to the title. Mother!’ and she stretched out her arms, with a passion ate sob; ‘ have I not already kept my oath ? What more can yon demand ? What more ? Is it not enough ? Mother, be satisfied !’ With a gesture almost of appeal, she let her arms fall to her sides, and with bent head moved from before the tablet. As she passed into the deep shadows cast by one of the pillars, a sudden thrill ran through her —one of those strange sensations by which we are convinced that, hitherto unBnspected by ns, we feel that some other human being is near She hoard nothing, saw nothing, yet she felt that something strange and mysterious was near her. For the first time since leaving the terrace fear seized her. An intangible horror reached out a hand from the unknown and touched White as death, not trembling, but with every limb as rigid as the stone figures on the tomb, she leaned against the pillar and stared before A minute—it might bare been an age—passed, and she was about to make a great effort to recover ber presence of mind, when, with a horror no tongue can describe, she saw a white substance gliding from the chancel. With noiselees, regular movements, it seemed to float down the aisle, now lost in the shadows, now white and distinct in the moonlight. Cold beads of sweat stood on Maida’s face. With starting eyes she watched, powerless to move a limb or ntter a cry: one thonght alone possessing her, in the shapo of a vague prayer, that the Something might not approach ber or turn its face. Slowly the white figure reached the nave and was gliding toward the door, when all at once, as it came opposite to the tablet to the memory of Lady Hartleigh, it threw np its arms, and turn ing full towards Maida, wailed mournfully: ‘ Mother ! mother 1’ With an awful horror, Maida saw that the face was that which she had last seen lying cold and rigid in a far-away land. -For one moment she stared in speechless horror, and then started forward, with a wild The face turned from the tablet, with an ex pression ef horror not less than Maida b own, stared an instant, and then, with a. wail, ‘ You ? Is it you, then?’ \- The cry rang in Maida’s ears like a csll from the dead, and, with a piercing scream, she sank senseless on the cold stones. It deemed to Msida that an age had passed when she recovered consciousness, and slowly, fearfully raised her head and looked at the spot where she had seen the accusing face. She gave a great gasp of relief when she realized that she was alone. Painfully she rose to her feet, mur muring: ‘Havel been asleep, or—or was it a vision ? No ! Such things are not possible. There are no ghosts, save onr own evil consciences. And yet _and yet—ob, Heaven, how like it wbb !" And— and_there it stood—there; by her mother’s tab let, nttering her name—crying ‘ mother, mother!’ It was a dream—only a dream; but one more such dream would drive me mad.’ It was some minutes before she could summon sufficient courage to leave the shadow of the pillar and make her way to the door; but at Iasi she psssed ont of lhe church, and closing the door behind her, stood in the porch, drawing hei shawl around her, and struggling hard to gaix composure.—(To be Continued) LC 15 