1 ovcu1t. In Love's Crucible. jly BERTHA iA!. CLAY. CHAPTER I., THE GHlOST OF TliE FAST. For fifteen long years fartineigh Hall had held its doors shut to friends and strangers alike; for fitecon long years a shadow bad hovered over it, anid the gloom of a dead past had filled it. The silence of a buried life had brooded there, and the people had learned to shun it. And now, of a sudden, tile doors had been thrown open, and life and gaiety, beauty and fashion thronged its erstwhile gloomy chambers. Frveywindowgleanmed joyosly withl the warm blaze, and soft, melting strains of music mingloed ith the hIum of sweet voices and the rustle of silks and satins; and white shoulders gleamed, and bright eyes flashed with Cupid's artillery; and hearts were lost and won. And the lawns and drives were gay with many coloured lamps, and alive with liveried servants ; and the pebbled driveway crunched under Epringing hoofs and grinding wheels. And the gloom and silence of Ilartleigh hall were driven away. Some these were there who had known the Mad Dick lIartleigh of twenty-two years agone, and these were curious to see the changes time and sorrow had wrought ii the man, whose wild exploirts had set the sober world a gog. And others there were to whom heto was only a name, and they looked to 'see what mantner of man this was who had started lifoe with almost an unlimited wealth and a title that welit back nearlya thousand years; who had in his youth startled England with his caprices, and who hId lived a miserly recluse for fifeeen years only to end by opening his magnificent mansion to feasting and mirth. And when they entored tihe drawing room, what did they see ? They saw a tall, thin man, of per haps fifty-five years of age, witll a clean-cut patri cian face, distinguished by the IIartleighgrey blue eyes and" well-formed mouth-a thorough specmmen of old English nobility, who greeted his guests' aid welcomed them' witlli a courtliness which smacked of the mananers of the old world. that had known him as Mad Dick IHartleigh. IHe weas'not a whit embarrassed; heo did not explain why the hall had been closed to them for so many years, but bore hiiircelf with' tihe well-bred ease of. the mtan who is aware of nothing extraordinary in what liuis' doing; dand withl polished ease leaned; one white, thin hand upon the arm of his nephew, Guy lIartleigh, as ihe went about introducing theo young man and doing the honors of the even rl Heir as he was to the title and estates, Guywas! even less known than Sirltichard, though his boy-. hood, too, had 'been spent near the lhall ; but, since his boyhood he had visited the IIall only at stated iritervals, and for a brief period at those times.: His relations to the old man had been of the coldest and most formal kind, never reaching the leigth of affedtion, and always constrained. To him the Hlall Iad over been an awesome place, and no one of the gay throng was more surprised than he to see the old place radiant with light and joyous idtli mirth and music. Guy was a Hartleigh. Everybody saw that at a glance. lie had in full measure all the qualities for which his race had been fainous. Tall, stal wart, erect, and .bold of bearing as oneof the ancient Vikings, ire was yet a patrician from the tawny hair of his heand to the well-shaped feet wshih ie used so gracefully in the mazy wind= ingsof the waltz.. And for all the strangeness of the gathering, lhe did-not fail to enter into the enjoynrert of it with all the zest and ardour of vouth. The ball was a success, so everybody agreed. It was threatened to be stiff; but, as the little Lady GladysYyner said, who could resist the infectious geietyof Guy lartlelgh ? Nobody, apparently, for after the lirst feeling of wonderment at finding themselves ill a house which most of them had come to look upon as a tomb they one and all abandoned -therselves to tre enjoyment of the occasion, and made the walls ring again with their joyousmirth:. . ... It was three o,clock before the last guest left the Hall;s and then the tired' servants hastened to extinguish the lights ,on the lawn and in the house,'so that before Guy had returned, after put .ting pretty Lady Gladys into hir'carriage, Ir found hIimelf, with sometlhing of the old boyish shuddeir, inrtie samd' gloomy Iall of the past. His unele, too, hlad disappeared, and Guy, withl a shrug of Iis broad shouldeors, told hirnself tllhat after the one gladdeniing glimpse of, joyous life; the old. cheerless life was to be taken up again: And if that iere so, wliat was to becoame of him? HIe would not consent to bury himself there, as his uncle liad done. 110 would return to the con tinent rather tihan that; and with this thought in his mind, he turned from the drawing'room and made his way to the library, where he could have a last smoke before retiring. A lamp was, still burnitigin thelibrary, and he was about to light his cigar whenO a noise in the adjoining: room attracted his attention, and ihe turned his head to listen. ' . , Is tiat you, Guy ?'. demanded a voice It was his uncle who had spoken. Tihe room 'ieas dirk, and Guy wondered what the oid iiati was doing tliere at stich a time. It was a sort ofidis connected picture-gallery, and was used .for the .protraits of the.late' geneerationab of the Hart leighs. : . Corrmo in here; Guy ; I would like to'say a few words to you, if you are not too tired to talk witli hie.'" " : I ot at all. I was going to sii up and smoke ! cigar before going to bed.' Siring your cigar iii' here ? and if 'there is a candle, there, bring that, too.'.; . , i Guy lighted liis cigar, and lifting the lamp car ried itilnto the gallery. ::is uncle sat in a great arm-chair, with a weary wistful expression in his usually stemr impassive' fiace. liHe motioned Guy to a, chair,` and after a pause, which Guy occlrpied in idly puaring the cigar smoke ie circles from him, Sir IRichard asked,' abroptly,' but'i iot unkindly: ,"'" ' SDo you kn.ow why I gave this ball to-night, Guy?' . I runderstood it was to introduce me.' 'But you are three years past your majority. Why should I wish to intrcduce you now, more than three years ago, at the age when such things are corrmmouly done--can you guess?' ' No, sir, though I have tried to do so.' " You are heir to the title and the estate, but except t my will you could never have en joyed a penny of your inheritance until my death.' ' I know that, sir, and I am very grate ful- ' It is not for that that I speak row. Listen. Thie estate Is a good one, and, by my will or not, Jyouwill at my death he in possession of a fair in Sconce; but there is all lrumenrse fortune, part of which I inherited and more of whichi I have ac cumulated, which, can he disprosed of according to my own wrrish. I havrre had ot educated, andI have alrays provided for yoe withi tire one idea of leaving to you this wealth, whichl has never dorrne me any good. . Guy murmuredrl somethiig iu tile nature of thallnks forthis prolmiserd mlllSniicrecee; his uncle, ihowever, took nro nrotice of ris ewords, but, as if he Iad nrot Iheard themr, wenrt ol : ' I have watched you car-rfully, and I have 0so muchlr eonlidence in you tlhat I do not nrrw hesi tate toaskof Iyou what with another I would make a condition of thi bestonwal of tills wealth.' ' I am glad it is a request rathler than a condi tiorn, saild Guy, with quick pride. ' Yo, wouolr have resented the conditirn, per haps ever refused it ? queried Sir RIichlard, wtltr all anxiety lie made rlo effort to coll ceal. ' I ram a lIartleigh ?'r was tihe proud an S1ut tlhe request ?' * Is acceded to without ihesitationr. I make no r'servatit, for Iknow it is as little liktely that yvou woulr askl, as tlhat I wrroull grant, unl)thirg tllat coulld not be done witrh honor. ' It is trueo; but you must rknow tire request be fore yvu graontit.' Sir Ielchard let hIris hiead fall npon his rhand as he said this, and for several minuites did not openr his lips. TIhere was so little of the old familiar sterness, and there was so rouch of repressed I sorrow ir his rucle's trlle and marnner, thrat Guy felt a new sentlimenta omig to life itn his generous youngl healrt. It seemed to him thllat in place of I thie Ihard, rrpellant old man hIe had accustomedl I himself to sco i is rrele, there was one who Sneeded his alToetion and support. ie put his handout nith a frank, generous gesture, clharac teristic of him, and would lhavre spoken; but the older man ssened to comprehenrd, for Io looked up with a smile as sad as it was rare on his face, and taking thie hand in both of hris for a momenrt, gave it a gentle pressure, which seelred to say, -lrnorw wlat you wrould rsay, anrd Ithlank vo. Then he drolrped it, and rising painfully to his ) feet, said, brokberly: 'G uy, you have known mo a silent;'uniovely a man.- A miser, somee have called me; a misan thrope, others. 1 have been ii.ither, but a suffer- b ing, self- condemned, wretch. ' The cause ,you sl5a'lkow.' " Ho drew a tiny Irey from his pocket, and ap: proaehing what looked likeo a large eabinet reting against the wall, inserted the key aid hnlocked it, Tihe doors swung open, and there was revealed I to Goy's astonished eyes the portrait of a sr- d passingly banutiful woman.; any'rtimnes had t Guy stopped wonderingly before tids seeming c cabinet, but never had lie sspected what it really d was. 1le turned to' Sir Richard with a look of 1 isquiry. . t SMy wife,' were the only words bhe spoke:, and ' then turned away with such-e a look of agony on I his face that Guy's kind. heart went out to He would have gone t liis side and given him that silent sympathy which men like, but lie felt that it would he wiser not; so he stood looking rrp at the lovely face, which seemed to be smiling down at him, in a- trustful, tender way. that, be spoke his confidence, in spiie of the story lie vaguelyireiembered to hasve heard of her., By and by his uncle returned to Iris side. and asked hin, softly: :' ' LC . 1 ' Could you believe her to be false?' 'No,' answered Guy, in his fearless way. ' Sit dowin.' Tvirenty years ago to-day 1 married Constance Faulker.: She was young, and as you see, rarely beautiful. 1 loved her, and 1 believed she loved me. And when 1 say 'love,' 1 nioali all the word can mean. Adoration, worship, devo tion. 1 hadbeen, as you' no doubt have heard, wild as few men are. Mad Dick Hlartleigh !' he said with a sigh. 'The soname tells the story. Butafter mymarriageo was as faithifuland true as 1 had been unstable and wild before. Two years after our marriage a child was born to'us a girl. We were very happy. So happy that for fiveyears we shut ourselves from the world, con tent with each other; 'but than I one daymetan old friend, one 1 had loved as Damon loied Pythias. I invited him to the. Hall, to renew the friendship of the old- days. One day 1 returned unexpectedly, to find heil at the feet of-,my'wnif, speaking words of loveo to her. lie, slept not again in this house." The old man lowered his voice. 'llewentswitli me to France, and there I 1 left him dead. When 1 returned to my home, my wife was gone-my wife and my child,' ' The prematurely gray head dropped on tihe thin white hand, and'the silence of nguish and despair fell upon him. Ouysaid not a word, but his broad chest rose and fell, and his eyes filled with a' sympathetic moisture that did .lim honor. All the reserve and the coolness' of the past melted away, and theu- young hreart and tloi: old. throbbed to gether. Presently the old min looked np with a patlletic smile, and contined: : ' 1 did not seek to bring her back. "'1 doubted I even that the child was mine. 'I askednoques tions; 1 would not even look upon the things thliat were heis." 1 shut up: the Hall and went I abroad. Five years later. 1, came back here, my I heart hardened and full of scorn for myself. 1 went through the rooms, .scoling at myself,, to see themn just As she left 'them. 1 went even to her chamber and' tossed' over the dust- covered articles on her..toilet-table, itry ing to make myself believe 1 did not care. And my heart was crying out all the time! Guy,' :his voice sank to a low,whisper, as I turned over the laces and jewills that lay there I came upon a yellow, time-stained envelope addressed to me. It was in her writing. I tore it open; I know not what I tlhoght to find in it; but, oh, Great Heaven ! it showed her to me as white and spot less as the angels themselves. Sihe,who had gone away in her innocence, knowing my furious anger and unreasoning passion, had lhft that letter, hoping that I would read it and follow iher for her, forgiveness. I sought her then, but, alas I it was too late. I hired detectives t6o search for her, and for years they searched in vaitn; but at last they canme upon her and her child in America. lBut jiust as they were about to communicate with her she unaccountablydisnppearcd. Then again they searched, and agahl found her, only to be bsitlied in the same way. Time and again thesamothing happened, until it seemed to me that she must be trying to elude me. I did sinot dare goseck hier myself, fearing, I knowr not wry, that if I did some dire misfortune would befal her and 'the child. : Now she is dead.' . L I :Io arose and paced tlhe floor, not, however, with tlie assured step Gay had been so accus tomed to see, but feebly and totteringly. , But it calmed hiiu, ande in a few minutes lhe resumed his seat and took up the story again : • ' The child is'fonnd, a young woman now; and 'it only remains to bring her hlome. Home, Guy! I dare not go, and every day I. fear to receive a telefcran saying lthat she, too, has "'lisapparesr 'Guy's handsome face lighted up, and he spoke eagerly. . S,'ou will ; let, me go for, her? If shle disap pears again, I sill trace her. I will find her and bring her to you. That is what you would ask, is it not? It is what I would do. vTell me what you know of her whereabouts. 'Where is she now ?' :'In San Francisco.' But it is much to ask of YIt is nothing. I can, be quite ready by tjl morrow. We will not delay a smoment more thlan is necessary. I.nm not only willing, C aam eager to go.' : Ilt, Guy, there is more to be said,' ,',Mfore? WVhat is it?' asked Guy, uneasily, for there was a'strange expression in Sir Richard's ' Can you picture what my child must be,having 'led the lifo slid has ?l 'But what does it matter? She is your daugh ter aid my'cousin. 'You doubt how 1 will receive onoewho is,' perchance, ignorant and uncouthi? Doubt no longer. Sie is the victim of an injistice, and Ias well as you will do what is in me to rec tify it., ' r "Ahll Guy;'s ninoble as n HIartleigh! it applies to you as it never did, to me.. Burt lae yon con sidered-have you thought-do you--- `;' You hesitate.. Tell me, without reserve, what is in eour mind.' : G.'Ghy, there is but ono'way to place my datlighi ter right before the world.' - ' And that' is ?' 'By her mnarcringo with one who is ier social Gny looked down as if stndying the full mean ing of the words, and then looked up witli'a fraik siSile, and potting both hands out to his'uncle, oi nderstand on.: This is the reqiestl that 1 merry your daugter?' ' Ieticed your attentions to Lady Gladys to. .night. " ., , ; 1 i.,: ' ? ,,; ' .- "' - i e ii pretty, and Iwas attracted; ht it might niever, have geone any further., At least it shall not. I will find your dauglhter, and, if she will hive ?re;will makeo lier my wifef. :Ad,uncle, I do it with a chcerful heart snd without onemis' givnr.g. ..:: S'Ilearn bless you, Guy!. I donot deserve this from you.' Some timee after eeii necle Gnrwss rrensrn his uncle to go in search of his cousin, a porty of yoerng men, isn' ripbe sthugnoof grity, ratds ocen ef else 1rirate rooms;of a celebrmaedSacs rase: eisco restnurant, discussing soneo fine old Buru gondei afeer, having: dse; cull justim to the 'I sy, Wilton,' said oco,' only two dnys more in lieeh to save ysour bet ' ? SJore thas I need. OGe day would be eongir, was the nonchalasntnreswer . I What bet is thlat? asked another. 'What bet!' they all'cried, with one voice. ' Inven't you helard ?' ' Well, if you all shout at mo like that, thereo will Ie nso excuse fir not Ihearing. What is the bet, Wilton ?' ' A tlousand dollars. eve, lthat I won't drive oaida Carringforel to thie Clill HIouse before the eniof tio week.' 'She latd refused to see anybody, or to accept any gifts,' exlrliened thie one slho lhad first seoken, bbut Wilton declared that it was' only because she rhad not Ibeen approached ie thie right way. Ic said hle did not lclievein any kied of virtue in ae actress, least "f all i, suclh ae im preenlble sort as sheI assumedni ; s, le bet a thou saEd he would drive her to the Cliff Ieouse. I took him np. ' I'll donlle thie bet,' said Wilton, lurietly. 'Pdhaw I you are joking,' exclaimed oner of the 1'ut me to thie test, if you thinkl so. Take up my bet.' But tihe speaker did not do it. Alhlnougl it was plain to lthem all that Caryl Wlt en seould certaiely lov. yet there was somethiing in hIris lanreqid inldilference thlrt inrspirrledrratieer, en if tie confidence that lie lan iel limelf murst arise from the knowlerdge of semoretlhing unknownr to thec. Aled yet thie manner was lrhabitual to himc. Al waves svel'possessed. vlr'ans calm ace ireditdleren, ashetlher he was losineg tLosanrlds or sienceierre them. No one could feel trirrmeRphant in wer'inning from him, and no one was ever guilty of ldieplay ing to lhim any chagrin in loesirg. lie was admired and somewhat fearedly Ihomrng, even in lthat city so full of the l ecklessly brace,and hoe as courted by the softer sex notionly-heeause hle was ]oand omrner than most men, nor because he was seeEm ingly'rch beyond thho'need of enre,bt tallt he had in his face and manner that consciousness of power iviich so few men ever have. Who"he was nobody kneo, further than that he had plenty of omoney, for which he occasionally drew on London; that in some way he had gained theefitrco into the most exclusivero of San Fran. cisco society; that hlie 'as alsayvas faultlessly dressed, with themasner of a man %shoecould not be anything elsc from tho very firce of hlabit,and thait.lie was an Englishman.; Whether lord cr: commoner, no one had the hardihood to ask hiin, forhso siad a singilar air of convesing,leforeo a question was asked, the idea that it was imper tinent. IHe was, to sum up, i inast rful man,bat withal osie who was uniformly courteous and good-ttnpered .. After the' last rermairk. he looked esiqniringly around the table, and, asif satisfied nobody wouold accept his offer,pushed his chair back siid leisurely arose. "Why, yot are not going yet?: was thie sn ral cry. sThes play will not begin for halff'n hour yet.', 1. Yes, 1 must go. 1 have ?aften`agement.' 'BInt yos:will he as the theatre?' 'Pershaps.' 'You know it is "Romeo and Juliet" ton:ight:. It is nme of her best parts.' 'Is shle so very good, then ?' enquired the are' whi, had been ignorant of the bet. " L1 have ben away for a mouth, you know.' ' Ask Wilton.' The qsuestioner turned h.Is eyes on Wilton, all', was patting on Ihis coat, and tihe latter answered. in Ihis idolest way : : , . 'SShe is tihe best Juliet I ever saw, and 1 have seeh all tle good living representative of the ?I t,: She has genius. -Goodl.sigbt.' Heo left them, and went out into the daamp: driving fog, muttering, with a shrug of hi.s hLtcd shoulders : 'A nice businiess for you 'Cnral Wilton, to ih: engagedin ;'uat sshe intero(is n.ss 1 osind. r-if it is real virtue, or is she only doinsg a little slilfisl angling for hosband? 1 shall know before this night is over.' lie swalked leisurely, to the California ThIrer' where Maida Carringford was pla'ing, and went reund to the stage door, whace Ih knocksed. 'rinT: door was instantly. opened,. and he would have walked i wilthout a word, had not the Clhbeinus surlilsy demasided : - , 'Who d'ye want to see?' 'Ir. Baker; . ' Come in here and wait Jimmy, tell Mr. Baker that there is a gent. here wants to'see him. What name?' 'No name. And, Jimmy, tell Mr. Balker a man wants to see himn. A maun or a gentleldan ; not a gent. Anything bat a gent, Jimmy. Hurry lip. now.' "i Jimmy' grinned,.and rail off, while the door. keeper scowled and muttered under his breath, half inclined to give the visitor a pirrce of liis mind, and yet yielding to the inllue!ceosftlheeasy manner, and refraining, a wonder to himself that he did. In a very minutes Mr. Baker came onto tie little room, and gazed at Caryl Wilton with the manner of a main who has had to deal with such charaiters before, andl- kows just how to do it. In fact, the pressure for admittance behind use scenes had never been so greatas now,whei t Maiid Carringford was acting at the theatre. ' You wished to see me?' ihe said inquiringly. ' On the part of Mr. Dnsante, yes., " 'Oh !' ejaculated Mr. Baker. Mr. Dusante was the Ilomeb, and as Mr. Baker took a more careful look at his vlsitor lhe seemed to feel that he was not one of the gay youtng fel lows about town who wmild he likely to he there for the purpose of troubling his famous star. MJr. Wilton smiled quietly, as if comprehlending tlia thoughts of the iannger, and said : 'Shall we talk here ? ' No, no; comn to my olice. . tIe led thie way hack to the stage and off to a small room in the left wiaig. ' Now, sir, if you please; what can 1 do for yon? lie said. ' Mr. Dusanto wished me to say to you that lie could not lie hero this revening g. 'Not lahe here? exelaim/d thil nstioinded mana ger. ' Why lie must he here I 'Nevertheless, he will not, said Caryl, with an amused smile. The manager threw himself back in Isis chair and stared at his visitor. Then ie bounced up and cried out : ' What does this mean ? 1s lie ill? ' IIe is ill; there is ino doubt, sahout that for 1 saw him in bed. and hero is the doctor's certifi eata to bear out uny oplsiion. Iie handed the distracted manager a doenmint which left no mannerof doslht in hIis mtind. 'wii What am 1 to do? cried the poor man, run ning his hands through his hair, as if dragging for anl idea. 'Ile has an under-study, has hl not? ' Yes, but I never for a moment saupected such a thing as this, and 1 gave hinm leave to go to San Jose. -' Which lie- asked for at my suggestion, was Wilton a mental comment. Aloud he said, with an appearance of solicitude, ' 1 ami very sorry. IMr. I)asante was afraid that toa might be placed ins an awkward position. 1 think he said you had no one but his understudy alho could take his-phsce.s 't 'Yes, groaned the manager. 'and 1 cannot even chngoe the play now. Why didn t he let me know before? If L had known three hours ag 1 oeduld have mailo some chai:ge. :-' Which was exactly whiat 1 wished to pro vent, was the seconsl menta:l comnasnt. While lie said alaoiil: 'Mr. Dasante hoped until the last moment that lie could come. lIe did think of' yoi; hoecver, as tiis letter from hi' m will prove. , . - re. Io anded .tli manager a letter, which the litter took with an appearance of grasping at the straw whichs he hoped would save hiia from metaphoriceal drwleinsg. e tore it opici aind reall it, asnd,tien turned to Carl. ' IIe ays you will take hiss place.' 'As a' great favour to liim,; anid out bof com passion to thio dear publie.': -?: -. ' le says yon are a better Romeo than he can 'ver Ihope to be.' . . - ,Ho Ilatters me, no donubt.' - You have played the part, than?'. Certainly.'- - 'IMay 1 ask where?' 'In: London ; but 1 :iill saveno 'yo' i trouble of asking any, more. questions by ayisag that,1 will tell you noliugiablosit mystlf. If yoll do not choose to take the word and jadgmenteof Mr. Du santo you will have to di;nonso with my services. Mr. IDusanto' Ihoight haa-nas doiiig you a great favour, whens he persuaded iues to take his place. What is your decision ? I am not so enamoured of the part that I care to rettirn to the stage unless it is in the cause of friendship.' '-The indifferent manner did its work,:aisd,;? ith anoicty.ard humility mingled, the poor manager be gged'\Wi1ilt'ti taso iis oftanne, but to assnme the part, with the assnranee of his gratitudeofor doina so. "' V eryKivell bhit I dust insist upon a condition. You will.make ino fuss over. the matter, and only telti6siswho inmist he tbld that Iann a friesid of Disante'o.'. " - - ,= ;' ,',K. ,?e?.a.s sir. .It shall h.be as you.nay.--lon About- dress?'- .-- . , - ? 'Dusante told me that 1 should find a costume ilsic'iliiiwas wseaiO woild lit me in his iroom: 'It is one he had from Londoli, nnd was too large for him.' - . L U! It was, intfact, n one whliel?'Dinantoe hlnd:placed in~ hia room for this veryr purpose, after hie had rceived filnb'less a 'sum than £00' froni Wilton is eorisiderantiotiof fulling ill.this:night., It had been5 aell planned, ansd was the last enrd in hIis hand aid hIis highest tricamps ceoudi play the part well enough.. Ite, had played it often' ir Londboii, ain d sowell that lie had beedn offer?d ill. most. whvat -lieswonldhby;manng -rs to go dr tile perofessional stage. It was not that whieh troubled him; it was tlie fear that hIsisould play i' isih. Io did not care for. the loss of the money; hbut Is had asi aversion to tidiing" batcn 'if ais affair of this sort. Hleolhad alwaisbheen successfulawithl women.and hehad never been at so much troublo - Young, Ihandsomes as asi Apollo, graeefuluf manner, and with a rich bairitone voice, hoe niado an ideal Romeo. The peculiar diess of- the time suited him rarely, and whesn he came out of his room dressed and made uptfor thlb:pirt, lid Has greeted byecea the calloused hlabitues of thostage with a murmur of admiration. Tho manager. iwho had awaited hIis appeearanoe with a Eortof anguish, exclaimed at first sight of him: 'If hie acts as lie looks the audience will liade a treat to-nighlt.' Caryl saw hiim, and gave him a careless nod, saying inditffetrently: S1 suppose you told Miss Carringlord I was to o prsnate Rolmeo for this one time ?' I Al did sire latle it kindly i?' 'hle only said she llhoped you were equal to ind l 'vou not better introduc me n t, her beforo we Co f n?' I ' was walting lere for thalt purposn.' ' Thenc let us go, for it nmst Ic tiome for thei edit tsin. tIhearthe orchestra cisng itfor dearlite. H i vo I lka pt iyou waitisi g ?' [To oECOn-TIIU:j 