THE AMERICAN INDIANS. Mr. R. B. Cunninghame Graham, M P , writes a follows to the Jtotly (Graphic under date November 28 -The special correspondent of the Omi at Pine Ridge, Dakota, keep us informed of the movements of the Indians now massing their forces at Cherry Creek. Glancing over the evening papers we see that the Sioux ore dancing the Ghost Dance, and learn that in the opinion of the perspicacious correspondent the settlers expect to be robbed and murdered Some of us may say, " Confound these Indians they ought to be shot down" Yob, smokeless powder is your true civilised after all. There is no good Indian but a dead Indian, which we know is true, for havens American humourists declared it, and has not s tender hearted public in two continents affirmed their declm thou with a laugh Artists wish they could be present to see the ceremony IIiobo who, in pursuit of mener, have been in the Territory." the whisky seller the Bible pedlars, the land speculators that ing caught Its phrase from some frontier man), tell us "Indiansii pain "and, hkoPoter.soal thellewlthanoath lbs ga eral public glances over the telegrams from Onuhaanl hopes that there will be no bloodshed, then turns to discuss the recent political scandals and the prunes details connected with the private life of party leaders, which, of course, we all know are of vastly more importance than the extermination of legions al heathen Indians Still, there are few who really realise what is going on in the snow at Cherry Creek, what the Messiah really is the Indians are looking for, and who the Ghosts are who are dancing. A Ghost Dance in the Sioux is what the Holy War is to the Mahommedan, what the but Prayer (faith present or faith absent) is to the Christian the Sioux can stand no more, therefore they are dancing to the Ghosts of their forefathers to arise and help them against their enemies Only an Indian superstition Looking for a Messiah Waiting for a Las Casas who will never come I wonder if the British public realises that it is the blom themselves who are the ghosts dancing Ghosts of a primeval race Ghosts of ghosts who for 300 years through no crimes committed by themselves (except that of being born), if it be not a crime to love better the rustle of the grass than the shrieking of the engine, have suffered their long par gatory Ghoste who were men The Messiah nee poor people are waiting for, our poor people here in London also look for But both will look in vain. Justice will not come either to Cherry Creek, no nor yet to Whitechapel The buffalo have gone first their bones whitening in long lines upon the prairies, the elk have retired into the extreme deserts of Oregon the beaver is exterminated to make jackets for the sweaters wife, the Indian must go next, and why. not pray I Is he not of less value than the other three ? Let h m make place for better things for the drinking shop, for the speculator, for the the church Let inn realise that in the future, where he changed his polities for beads and powder, two gills of whisky shall be sold for a quarter Men say the change is good (but good is merely relieve), perhaps good enough for him, but death, indeed, for all good dancers Civilisation perhaps one day will remember them when the civilised Indians commercialism u creating are dancing round the flames of European capt tale But Rocky Bear and the Little Wound, Short Bull, and Sleeping Water have had enough, they have taken horse, mounting light as drops of water (from the off-side) silently, in single file, motor stopping but to squat and pass the pipe round, each man holding his pony by the menace they are marching on Cherry Creole But the the was, the Cheyenne the Araphoos, the Comanche have braided their horses' mares. They (who before civilisation loved one another as the dwellers in Liddesdale and Botvcastle dale did of old) are friends They by. a mounted their best horses, they are coming through the day, they are coming through the night, across the frozen prairie (the dry grass hardly crackling beneath the branches feet), they are passing the whispering red woods carrying through the lonely canyons, marching silently as ghosts on Cherry Creek across the lands that once were theirs to take counsel with the ghosts of those their former owners. Better that they should come and smoke and dances " dance for ten days without food or water, better far that they should die fighting, than by disease and whisky. Outrages they will commit, of that there is a complaint), but all they can do can scarce atone for all that they and theirs have suffered tracked by all, outwitted, plundered by the Christian speculator, better far that they should die fighting, and join the Ghosts who went before them This I want the world to recognise, that even Indiana do not contemplate their own extermination without centuries of suffering We might have taught them something, they might have taught us much soon they will be all forgotten, and the lying telegrams will speak at " glorious victories by our troops " Once more am will be committed in the name of law and progress It is a hard case to decide on no matter from what side you approach it those men have lived too long better, therefore, they die fighting soon will regret them that myself) except, perhaps, their ponies, who may feel their new owners' hands heavy on the horsehair bridle The majesty of civilisation will be vindicated, one more step towards universal hideousness attained, and the Darwinian theory of the weakest to the wall have received another confirmation to strengthen those who want to use it against the weakest herein Europa _^____ The manufacture of cement has grown in Germany during the put 25 years M rapidly Its at the present time the annual output is worsteds st 10,000,000 barrels, worth 70.00 000m. The be. that of the industry as North Germany, in the vicinity of Berlin, Stettin and Hamburg. The report of ha.Tlncreased from 137.000 kiloceutaen in 1871 M least, 300 kUccantnera in 1889. ? 