THE j STORY TELLER. IN ESD ; Or, the conspiracy in the north case- 4 > A STORY OF BOSTON. jjy Ohas. Montague and O. W. Dxab. CHAPTER L — Found Dead. The private office of North and Stackhouse, , «fote Street bankers and broken, contained on : moving of Friday, 16th Jon. 1887, « Itoud of anxious and exoited men, whose con- !L£inn Dlainly indioated that their uneasiness SSSS by the continued and unexplained Iwnoe of Paul North, the senior partner. In State street circles, Nortn ana ocasxnouse «ere classed among the " plungers." Fot the Xst two years of the firm's existence, indeed, JEL had been but slight departure from the STertive policy followed by Mr. North, «ho when in the brokerage business on hiB own account h&(i be9U coutent a mo<le8t ®C0 jn a comparatively quiet street leading eastward iromPoJt-office square. But under the lead of Mr. Stackhouse— an energetic man of forty, ten years his partner's hmior— banking had been added to brokerage, inj the firm had become known as the pro moter of many daring enterprises. Nicaragua Midland was a specialty with North and Stackhouse. In season and out of season, Nicaragua Midland had been " boomed" vith a ncrsisteucy that caused some of the older magnates of " the street" to shake their heads ominously, but which had attracted, neverthe less the admiration and co-operation of a mul titude of people. . Not all who mvested their earnings under the advice of North and Stackhouse had, it is true, found the venture profitable. But for the most part the losers had borne, their ill-fortune manfully, without complain ing. Few angry outbursts from disappointed patrons had disturbed the opitimistic hopes of . the bright-eyed speculators, who month after mouth had" made the rooms of these State street, bankers and brokers their favourite hauuts. Twelve days previous to this June morning in 1637. however, a curious letter in an un known hand had been laid on Mr. North's desk. The writing was an odd sort of scrawl, uncertain in its lines, but legible enough. This was the missive : — "Mv Dear Sir, — I am a desperate man, ruined by your manipulations of the property entrusted to your hands. I must have money enough to begin life again. I only ask for a little back out of all you robbed me of, but that little I must have. There is only one thing for you to do. Draw a cheque for one thousand dol lars. pavable to bearer, and enclose it, addressed to me. at the post-office, Boston. If you fail in this. I swear to shoot you down as I would a mad dog. If you are wise, you will not refer this matter to the police. That act would be your death-warrant. — Daniei. SticENEY." Paul North, to whom personally this threaten ing letter was addressed, had consulted his pirtner iu some little uneasiness of mind. "It's all nonsense," Mr. Stackhouse had said confidently. " A mere practical joke of some broker who wants to frighten you. A few of them were nipped in the last turn of the market in our favour, you know, and perhaps they bold North and Stackhouse responsible. But if the matter disturbs you at all, wliy turn the letter over to the police. They'll attend to it. "We must look after Nicaragua Midland very sharply this week, North, and have no time to bother our heads about trifles." Nevertheless, Mr. North had troubled him self about the matter sufficiently to put the letter into the hands of Inspector Applebee for such action as seemed proper. Upon the advice of that quietly efficient per- ouage, a decoy letter had been written by Mr. North, enclosing a cheque for 1 ,000dol., payable te beai er. An officer in citizen's clothes had been eta- j tioted on duty constantly at the post-office, but , lotter' -4® a precaution against nay possible over- ; payment oftoe Aequo -had been otopped ®Lr®baak»a precaution whidythus far, tad proved equally useless. 144 Justus Itold you," Stackhouse had said to' aw paafeor after a few days. "A broker's practical joke." The letter Boon passed out of mind, for busi- weighed heavily on both partners. -What hadlong been feared had taken place. I The market had bwoiae very "bearish; Ail ' toon felt the mysterious influence of de pression, and among the very first to fall was Nicaragua Midland. 8 absorbed and anxious had Mr. North become that he could talk and think of little ex- <©pt the market and its prospects. J®8 it altogether on the subject of Nicaragua Midland that he had held conference late in the aftstnoon of the LSth of June, with one of the chief investors, though not a director in the Nicaragua Midland — Mr. Richard Fetridge? Whether or not, the interview bad not been finished at the office ; for the two men had been . seen to walk -away together, still talking earnestly. Old J obson, the veteran clerk of the firm, had " looked after them as they pawed up the street. " It's a tight time for North and Stack- house," he -had said to himself, shaking his head. If things don't take an upward turn very soon, I'm afraid to-morrow's meeting of Nicaragua directors will do precious little good !" The junior partner had left the office hours before, outwardly calm. Whatever his fore bodings may have been, Thornton Stackhouse " was not the man to allow hiB troubles to show themselves iu look or manner. Paul North was the father-in-law of his busi ness associate, and Thornton Stackhouse made his home in summer time at Mr. North's spacious villa at Swampscott, from whose broad windows the oecupants enjoyed an ex hilarating prospect of the sail-flecked ocean. - At ten o'clock in the morning of this Friday, the 16th of June, the direotors of Nicaragua Midland -had assembled, pursuant to call, in the office of North and Stackhouse. Half an hour later eveiy face wore a look of anxious expec tation. " I don't understand it at all," exclaimed Stackhouse, nervously walking up and down. " North is the most punctual of men, as you all know. H« must be ill." " III !" echoed one of the directors. " "Wasn't North all right when you left him at Swamp- scott this morning ?" Mr. Stackhouse waved his hand impatiently. " I didn't go down to the shore last night," he returned, shortly. " Stayed in town with a friend. I left North here in this office about three o'clock in the afternoon, and haven't laid eyes on him since !" "Why don't you telegraph to his house ?" asked a little man near the door. " It's strange he hasn't sent some word himse'f before this time. But I suppose he's ill, and his daugh ters are so worried about him that they have forgotten to send. J ust like women ! " the testy little bachelor added. The suggestion was acted upon instantly. After an interminable delay a response came, evoking a simultaneous murmur of dismay and the interchange of apprehensive looks. " Swampscott, June 16. " Mr. North must have stayed in town. He has not been here since yesterday morning. " CoJtFOBT HABWOOD." " Strange !" ejaculated Stackhouse, ringing the bell as he spoke. " Send Mr. Jobson in," he added, the next moment, to the waiting messenger. The old clerk was in the room' before the messenger had left it, trembling all over with senile agitation, " At what time did Mr. North leave the office yesterday afternoon ?" S.tackhouse demanded, abruptly. " It was after five o'clock, sir."" " "Was he alone ?" " No, sir. Mr. Fetridge was with him." " Probably went out of town somewhere with Fetridge," suggested one of the directors. " Delayed — missed a train. Very provoking ! On this day, too, of all others ! Bat send round A _ Tt-i MA ATin fiAA if RA RAB lkAAM An«i J ' IrO £ etuugo O Vi"vo ouu OW aa uv iUM wocu llDftl u from." Unasked, the old clerk took upon himself the duty of messenger, and the party anxiously - awaited his return. But one question and answer -were interchanged meanwhile. " Has Nicaragua been quoted to-day, Stack- house?" the little old bachelor queried. - " Yes. Offered at 9. No taken. Off a point already, you see." The sound of footsteps and voices in the outer : office announced to the anxious ear of Stack- ; house the coming of Mr. Fetridge himself. The : broker stepped forward - " Well?" It was evident at first sight that the new comer was unduly agitated. He was astalwart, hand some fallow, certainly not beyond thirty years i of age. "I cannot imagine where North is any more than yon," he exclaimed, without waiting for - question. " I walked up the street with him : yesterday afternoon, after a talk in his office." « Where did you leave him?" i Fetridge flushed an d seemed considering a ; reply. Ail eyes were turned on him. «< I don't know the exact point," he said, at last. " At the corner of Btate and Washington atreets, J think it was," Stackhouse, who was very nervous and more affected than the occasion seemed to require, ; stared at Fetridge blankly, as if utterly at a loss ' to aooount for fas oonftmon. " His town house inclosed for the summer," he suggested, his eyes still on Fetridge's face. "He must have gone to some hotel." "Bend a messenger to make the rounds!" excitedly demanded the little bachelor. Richard Fetridge seemed to find the situation unacoountablyomb&rrassing.; Hehadnoadvice to offer. Stockhpuse particularly appeared to disconcert him. Murmuring something ahout having left 'a man writing for him athis office, and that he presumed North would toe found speedily, he hastened out and betook himself in the direction of his place of business. The necessity of haste in his return, however, seemed 'to become lees obvious to him. after he reached - the open air. He stood stock still with hn foot I upon toeflighftof stairs leading to hisoffice, and , then, under the atreas of a sadden thought, wheeled abruptly and walked energetically back up the street. In five minutes he was in-polioe headquarters " at Pemberton square, inquiring anxiously of the official to whom the clerk referred him whether any notification of the disappearance of Paul North had been sent to him. The official pro- : f eased ignorance of the matter. " When was he last seen, sir?'' " Yesterday afternoon about five o'alock, going up State street from his office," Fetridge rejoined, avoiding fuither detail. And hastened to add: "He has a town house at — Marlboro street, you know. Perhaps it isn't my place to sagged it, but don't the police in such eases have authority to enter a man's premises Fetridge hesitated. The official observed him narrowly, wondering, no doubt, why he was so obviously agitated. " Undoubtedly ; if his friends desired it, and had any reason to believe that there was any thing the matter, the .police would enter the house." Fetridge thereupon urged the official to obtain permission from Thornton Stackhouse to make a se&roh; of the premises. He was unable to give any direct reason, and unwilling to put into words any definite suspicion, bat he showed by his conduct that he had both. Eventually a messenger was despatched in search of Stackhoose, who thereupon responded in person. He seemed a little surprised, to eee Fetridge, and the official noted that there was a constrainedness and a lack of cordiality between the two men. Their opinions, how ever, coincided upon the matter iu question. " By all means," said Stackhouse, " search the house in Marlboro street. It is my resi dence as well as North's, and I authorise you — if the men sent are discreet and trust worthy." The official arose. " Then I will send word at once by telephone to Station 4. Yon don't happen to have a key to the house ahout you ?" " Why, no," returned the partner. " My keys are in my wife's care at Swampscott, or I should have gone to the house myself." The message was cent, and while the police of the 4th division were acting in accordance therewith, Stackhouse and Fetridge sat waiting at headquarters, the quiet broken only by the scratching of the busy pen of a clerk. No. Marlboro street was a broad, brown house, the counterpart of half a hundred other dwellings within a stone's throw of Paul North's town residence. As the sergeant and patrolman of the 4th division neared the place they observed the outer door at the entrance, and saw that all the windows in the basement and first storey were barred or shuttered. Curtains, closely drawn, lent a cheerless and deserted appearance to the windows above. " And yet," remarked the sergeant, as he went up the steps, " somebody has been here. The outer door is open ; the vestibule door un locked." It was indeed true, and led at once to the conclusion that Paul North was within. The officer rang the bell. But though the summons was repeated again and again it awoke no responsive life inside the walls of the darkened, echoing house. The sergeant calmly came to the conclusion that an entranoe must be forced, and after a brief inspection of the premises, sent Johnson, the officer, in quest of a ladder. The ladder was obtained from the nearest depository of the fire department, and the officers were soon in the rear of Paul North's residence. It took but a minute to open the door of the yard. In another minute the ladder rested against a brick wall, and Officer Johnson, with a carious piece of flexible steel in his grasp, had pushed back the lock of a curtained window in the second story. " A bedroom," said the sergeant, pulling up the curtain with some difficulty, when they were both inside ; " bed untouched, however. Door open into that dark room in front. Other door open — to the corridor, no doubt." The sergeant led the way through a door . diagonally opposite the window by which they had gained entrance. It was the corridor, as he had expected. He .'set out methodically to peer into the rooms as he went along, but he met with an obstacle at the very outset. At the head of the broad front staircase the door refused to yield to his pressure beyond a limited degree. Officer Johnson was about to pusn me aoor vigorously wnen ne was stopped by a warning gesture from his superior. As the patrolman stepped back the sergeant, pressing against the door as lightly as possible, insinuated his way into the nnvisited room. A half-stifled cry brought his subordinate to his side. " Don't move it! Don't touch it!" whis pered the sergeant, putting an admonitory hand on the officer's shoulder. It was by no means horror which inspired his utterance. Both men looked down upon a figure, lying with outstretched, clutching hands, close against the door. With the caution of experience the sergeant bent down, and placedhis hand over the heart. " Dead!" he said in a moment, half to him self, half to his companion, and straightened up without losing his composure. Officer Johnson, new to the force and to this 3rind of experience, by no means preserved his presence of mind in the emergency, and held fast to the sergeant. The room, tees through the twilight, had a weird, uncanny look j the tebies, enswathed in their coverings, seemed coffin shaped, and the1 Chandelier, in its shroud -of brown holland, might have been a ghost pointing down to the inanimate figure on the floor. " What's that en the wall by the floor ?" whimpered Officer Johnson, pointing with shak ing finecer. The sergeant had opened the window almost J before his companion had finished the sentence. In the glare of the sudden instreaming sun light on the tinted wall, low down, near the door by which the body lay, was a scrawl in fltill red. " Stockhart--StackhHiMi--Stockhouj 1" ; , Thus the Bergeunt, as they both stared with AH their eye?. "There's a 1 Stack,' or Stock, written there," said the officer, positively. "What ever the rest may mean, that much is certain." He was still goring at the message when be : received a peremptory order to proceed to the station and notify the authorities. " For there's a hue on! cry coming oat of this thing, orFm no prophet," the sergeant said. , And as he waited for the coming of his as sociates the sergeant looked down thought fully at the silent figure. What an uproar and ; commotion in the community would follow this ' discovery, so quietly made in the silent chamber ! The sergeant was philosopher enough in his way to think of this and to mutter to himself as he kept his lonely watch— " Within twenty-four hours, for all you lie : there so silent and utter no sound, the. thoughts and conjectures of a million people will centre about you, and Heaven knows how many lives and loves you will make and break befox e you are through With them ! " The sergeant was quite right. The arm of a dead -man may have a tremendous power to threaten and control, and Fan! North dead might work more mischief still than Paul North living. CHAPTER IL— A Peefumh— is xw A wokak. Philoeoplncallyreflecting, Bergeaot Parr con tinued, nevertheless, a careful scrutiny of the apartment. It was beyond a doubt a library, £or the hacks of books showed behind the sheets that covered certain utides of furniture of large hulk. The adjoining room waa in all probability the sleeping chamber of the master of the house. A casual inspection satisfied the officer that the bed had not been occupied since it waa last made up. But there was something mom important still in the sergeant's estimation to be ascer tained, and on that he had ample time to reach a settled conviction. - It was evident at first sight that the man on the floor had oome to his death by reason of a ballet wound. If his own hand had been responsible for the deed, the suicidal weapon mu&t; be somewhere about. And as a careful search failed to reveal any trace of such a weapon, the sergeant had made up his mind long previous to toe arrival of toe investigating party that the ease was a very serious one and involved at the outset a deep mystery. The scene soon changed. The room gradually filled with alert and dignified men, whose profession made their attendance at such times a matter of too frequent occurrence to permit of then: exhibiting any other senti ment in the presence of the grim witness of violent death than a keen and speculative busi ness interest. 'In the vestibule below, two officers were stationed o challenge everybody who attempted to enter the house. Already in front of the building, so quickly and mysteriously does evil news disseminate itself, was gathered a throng which stared with fascinated horror at the upper windows and at every fresh ingoer and outcomer. Sergt. Parr had long sines recognised In spector Applebee, and had whispered in nis ear that it was going to be a ' big case." So ?" said the inspector, lifting his eye brows and half smiling. A moment later be was grave and apparently unconcerned. Dr. Jarrett, the medical examiner for the dis trict in which the body was found, came to the scene in a carriage. Till he arrived nothing was done. The State imnoses nnon the iudcr- ment and good sense of these officials grave re- ponsibilities. In three minutes after his horse stopped in front of the house. Dr. Jarrett was at work examining, questioning, weighing the evidences in his own mind. The casual observer would have looked in vain amongst those quiet officials for the inevit able reporter. Evidently the newspaper man was barred out ! Not at aB. The public who look for a notebook, and expect to find in such circumstances a meddlesome young man writ ing with ghoul-like activity, would never have suspected the short, thickset, black-haired, gentlemanly young man who talked to each person present in an easy way, which showed that he was personally acquainted with every one. Instead of flourishing a note book — the insignia of the property' of the reporter of the theatre, and of the beginners in the profession — this man had no better use for his hands than a mechanical fondling of the pendant to his watch chain — a trick which in some mysterious manner seemed to help him to think. Al though he was youDg, his experience in criminal affairs, combined with his natural ability, had made his sagacity equal to that of anybody present, while his trustworthiness and re liability enabled him to be oftentimes in im portant cases a confidant of toe authorities. This was Kingman F. Thomas, of the Boston Globe. The medical examiner arose from a brief inspection of the body, which was already identified as that of Paul North, toe State Street financier. Everybody looked at him curiously, but his Imperturbable face told no tales. " Nothing has been disturbed ?" he asked of thesergea&t.; "We knew our business, sir. Everything is exactly as we found it. " " Ah !" No more and no less, came in a matter-of- fact tone from the medical examiner's lips. " Well, doctor," said Mr. Thomas, " how is it?" " I shall perform an autopsy." xnis was saia quiexiy. xne meaicai ex- ; aminer refrained from advancing his opinion at this stage, bat Thomas understood that toe : determination to perform an autopsy in dicated serious suspicion on the physician's part. There was a tremuldous touch on his shoulder, and he turned to meet the eyes of a man whom he did not know. " What— what is that writing on "the wall down there by toe door?" asked a shaking voice. " This is a friend of the family, doctor," interposed Inspector Applebee, by way of accounting for this unfamiliar presence here. " He was Mr. North's partner. Naturally he is very much overoome." In tones that were a trifle steadier, Mr. Stackhouse repeated his question. Bending flown to seek an answer himself, he Btarted back, and would have fallen but for top opportune aid of the newspaper man. " A horrible sight ! I cannot look at it," he muttered, putting his hand over his eyes. " Tell me what you make it out ?" - A glance of intelligence passed between the inspector and toe sergeant. Each divined per fectly what had brought such a shock to toe mind A# PATII iwrtnPT. Tknh unflr. stood fqly toe man's unspoken fear. Meanwhile Dr. Jarrett, applying certain, mystorioustests, eeemed more intent upon de termining the medium oftins strange message than the message itself, " Written in blood," be said, eventually, , looking steadily at Stackhouse j and toe 1 condition of the forefinger of the right hand seems to indicate that the dead man wrote it." He paused and Stackhouse sank into a chair, <( But, what odds ? The writing will endure, gentlemen. We h&ve; other things to do." . He gave the inspector a meaning look , and resumed his work. Thomas lost not a detail of this scene. But now, with inspector Applebee as his ciose companion, the library and the adjoin- ingroom wete examined minutely. The room had been used very recently. Regarding that point, there was no possibility of uoubt. Chairs had been moved from their accustomed places. On the opened desk, which Mr. Stack- house at once identified as his partner's, stood, amid a heap of tumbled papers, a drop light. Near by, a burnt match. Obviously the windows bad not been touched. The adjoining room, vouched for as Paul North's chamber by his partner, soon re covering his self-control, bore no traces of occupancy. As toe door was open be tween it and the library, it was plain that the master of toe house must have passed through toe -TOoto. He had not slept there, for the bed's- surface WBs nnnrificd, and not a. fold of the pillows had been flistozbsdj "One thing fs- vevidehV' e?id Thomas. "This man was not killed fpr money. I Saw toe doctor take a well-filled podfet-book from his person, and nbt atomgintoe hoase appdacs to have been disturbed." A call from Dr. Jarrett -summoned toe two men back into the chamber of death. " Yon had better look for toe tubat. gentle- men," he arid, quietly. "It is evident that it went clear through him, and it is surely 'no where about his clothing.' Instantly everbody was examining toe room, the furniture, the walls, the carpet. But, lor some time, it appeared that the hall had been spirited away as mysteriously as the fetal weapon from which it had been fired. " Hallo !" exclaimed Thomas, suddenly, as he pointed to the wall, " what's that up tntere above that picture ?" Thomas was pointing to a slight protuberanoe in the surface of toe wall, directly opposite the bay window, near toe ceding. "What, that?" exolaimed toe inspector. "Impossible I It is quite ten feet away from the floor." " Bat it's a bullet, none toe less," said Thomas, who had already mounted on a chair and begun to ascertain the distance of the puncture above the carpet. " Yon are right, inspector," he said. il It is nine feet eleven inches from toe floor, and is driven in diagonally, as if ithad been fired from the corner of toe bay window over there near the writing desk." " I can't understand that at all," said the inspector. " It must have been deflected in its course somehow to have got there. The man. was evidently shot in toe breast. His clothes in front are simply one mass of blood. Ah ! I see. There was more than one shot fired. This is a stray ball." The house was searched from top to bottom. Nowhere was any trace of intrusion. " If Mr. North slept here at all last night," said toe inspector, " it must have been in his chair in his library.'' Dr. Jarrett assented. Sergeant Parr, who had been notified from the fourth division that he need no longer remain on doty in the place, willingly volunteered to take, as he went out, a message to toe captain in charge of too division. "I have sent for an ambulance," Dr. Jarret explained to toe group that surrounded him in Panl North's chamber. " The body will be taken to the morgue, and 1 will hold an autopsy at once. As Mr. North's partner is here, I will waive the usual for malities and state beforehand that there is little doubt that an inquest will take place, though I would ask reporters not to make any such direct announcement." Mr. Stackhouse bowed. " I quite understand, sir," he said, " said whatever testimony I can give I shall offer most willingly. But now I feel that I should take toe terrible news to toe family — my wife, you know, was Mr. North's daughter. As Mr. Stackhouse went his way up toe Bhady side of Marlboro Street, an initiated observer would hardly have failed to note that another man followed in his wake upon the opposite pavement. The quiet reporter meanwhile had busied himself in making a diagram of the second j storey of the North house, which appeared, toe next morning in his paper. Thomas sat cross-legged on one of toe chairs in the unoccupied chamber through which toe officers had originally entered, making a rough sketch on the back of an envelope with a stubby pencil, when he was slightly startled by the unexpected presence of a man at his elbow. " Well, Thomas?" " Ah, inspector." " How does it look to you ?" " Queer." What are you going to say about it ?" " That it's a dead mystery — unless we make 6ome unexpected discovery in the next half- hoar/' " Well, maybe you're right. Maybe." " It's no suicide,' ' said Thomas, affably; "that's plain enough. And as there has been no. robbery, it doesn't appear as yet why he should have been killed." "No?" " But of course you have your theory?" " When it comes to a matter of theories,'' returned Applebee, mischievously, " a plain policeman like myself can't hold a candleto you newspaper fellows." "I see, you don't intend to answer ques tions, " said Thomas. " I suppose I may state tnat tne ponce are atreauy on ine iracx oi me murderer, and that important arrests are momentarily -expected ? " " State what you please. You will, any way," the inspector returned, with a Slight frown. " No, I didn't -come to answer questions, as yov say. I came to ask them." " Better than nothing. What are they P" " In toe first place, did you know North ?" "Just to the same extent that I know hun dreds of men. I have seen him, talked with him — you know how and where." " In toe Kne of your woik, you mean ?" " Exactly. Ha was what I call a professional acquaintance. When we met in a crowd I saw North, toe wealthy broker, but he saw only — the crowd. Poor fellow ! with all his resource he couldn't stop that bullet. Meantime, nobody thinks it worth while to shoot simple K. F. Thomas/' "Well, I doubt that, too. Pre heard toe proposition seriously discussed at headquarters. Joking aside, what does rumour say about North's private lifel Was ha still young in Spite of his fifty years, or was he one of your quiet stay-at-homes ?" " So far aa rumour -reached me, he was a business man and nothing else. Anybody that ever saw iraxu isortn, is seems to me, wpuiu mj that be was too mupb engrossed in his life-long- chase of the almighty dollar to have time foi follies." "Then, as to his family?" " They tell me he has two daughters, both beauties. I never Baw them, however, Hia Wife ,1 believe, is dead." "How did he stand in financial circles?" Thomas uttered a contemptuous laugh. " North and Stackhouse ? Ask any broker." "Bad!" "Better put it that they showed too much enteaprise to please Conservative business men. That's the most charitable construction I con put on it." " Yoq didn't invent anything in their rail road, did you, Thomas ?" the inspector aked, " Did if No, sir. Fm not Jay Gould, and, if I had been, I should hare known enougb to have kept out of Nicaragua Midland. That was a fraud, inspector; one of those frauds you can suspect, but never prove ; one of the numerous ' suppressed ' stories kept on file in a newspaper office; one of the truths you can't print because it would libel some high-toned rascal whom the law is framed to protect!" s 14 Humphl You have not a veiynigh opinion of North and Stackhouse P" Thomas shrugged his shoulders. " Socially, they're gentlemen. Men too handle minions can never come down to ton > level of common thieves," "They must be, then, enoraumdy rich?" - " On the contrary, they -are regarded as ex tremely shaky." "So? Andwhat have they done with these millions?" , " Got caught in their own trap. An unex pected twist in the market burnt their hands off. Oh, it's all the same in stocks. You can think yourself ever so clever— hut I'm talking too much, inspector. I am saying things on my mere .surmises that no newspaper would dare to print; Still, you wanted my opinion, nd you have it. It will be of no use, I sup pose, to ask yours in return ?" Thomas gave Applebee a keen look, under Ihe mfluence of which the inspector momen tarily dosed his eyes, as if afraid that the re porter might surprise his thoughts there. 44 Some clients of North and Stackhouse have no very pleasant feelings towards them, I pre- mme, on account of this Nicaragua scheme?" he adroitly queried, as if to change the subject, tt was adroit for that reason. While appear- ing to avoid a direct answer, he was, in reality, putting the very question which he desired to nave answered. Did the reporter suspect ? There was not the faintest indication, either in his manner or his quiet reply, that he did. " Some of the poor fools who invested their money in that scheme would very likely hold the firm morally responsible for ruining them." ".Ah!" said the inspector, as he turned away. "I suppose so. But I'm forgetting my casein listening to you." The fact was, Inspector Applebee was en deavouring to establish some connection between the anonymous threatening letter which, ten days before, had been placed in bis hands by the late Paul North, and this violent death. " But, in that case," be thought, "why has, not the money being called for at the post- bffice? Is it possible that the writer of that letter was in a position to know that the matter had been placed in my hands ? I mast move cautiously in this affair or ruin it at the outset." Not long after Mr. Thomas's departure, most of Applebee's associates left the house, the medical examiner going first of all. Paul North's body had been taken away in the undertaker's waggon, but the inspector and one officer still remained upon the premises. Quite by accident, as he was coming down the staircase which connected the library floor with the storey above, after a prowl through the darkened rooms iu the -upper part of the house, the inspector's eye caught the gleam of some thing white. He picked it up. It was a tiny lace handkerchief, such as a dainty woman often carries, but a man sever. This was the thought that flashed through the inspector's mind to give place in stantly to another. That subtle, delicate perfume ! In all hi« long experience Inspector Applebee had never in haled its like. " Ah !" he thought as he held up the filmy lace and looked at it more closely. " But I might have known it from the first. A woman in the case !" He pressed it again to his nose and pnt it carefully away in a pocket-book. On second thought he removed- it, and made doubly sure of retaining the perfume by wrapping it in heavy glazed writing paper. " Some day," he reflected, " I may meet this scent somewhere, and it will be better not to have to trust to my memory to recall it." CHAPTER HI. — Mb. t.a-m-m- Assumes Com plicated Relations. About two o'clock in the afternoon of the day Paul North was found dead, Detective . Lamm, pursuing the even contemplative tenor of his way by the old Granary burying ground, found himself suddenly arm in with, an excited gentleman whose face he did net recall. " Mr. Lamm F" questioned Ufa. Richard Fetridge. " That is my name, sir.'' " Excuse me, I know you. I need your service at once. I have unlimited money at my disposal; You have been recommended to me by trusted friends as most discreet in your calling. Come with me I" And without giving Mr. Lamm time to make demur to these hurried, disjointed remarks, Richard Fetridge, still with the detective's arm in his grasp, hurried him down Tremont street, up Beacon street and Somerset street, and so into Pemberton square. If Detective Tjunm had a momentous suspicion that this imperative gentleman was demented, a sidelong glance reassured mm on that point. He had made physiognomy a study, aud in his companion's face he read not lunacy, but unusual excite ment. The two were in Mr. Fetridge's private office, and the door secured against intrusion before Detective Lamm's vis-a-ws declared him self. " Pardon my abruptness,'' said Fetridge. ''Pressing business must be my excuse. Not to waste time in preambles, Detective Lamm, I Wantto retain your services in a matter of vital interest to me. You shall fix the amount rf compensation yourself. Now will you undertake this service?" Mr. Lamm looked at him calmly. "That depends somewhat upon the nature of the business in hand," he said, drily. " Oh, if s perfectly legitimate," went on Mr. Fetridge. "It's this terrible murder in Marl boro street— the killing of Paul North. He was my friend ; 2 am on intimate terms with the family, and I wish to be kept fully posted on the progress of the work of detecting the guilty party." " TJmha ! You have a keen interest in this matter, sir . " Why, detective," said Fetridge, edging his chair closer, " I have good reason to be eager in this matter. As man to man, I tell you here that I believe the guilty man in this case to be Paul North's partner !"- The detective remained utterly unmoved, but grave and attentive, " Mr. Thornton Stackhouse ?" "Of 'course, '' said Fetridge quickly. "I make this statement absolutely in confidence. I wouldn't condemn the man publicly on my simple suspicions." " Oh, of course not." " But I tell , you, eir,'' Fetridge resumed, pacing the floor excitedly, " I know the maw to . be a villain. I know hun for a scoundrel, wud —good heavens! Poor North! Poor Marion I What a. misfortune,!" . A man more -agitated than Mr. Richard Fetridge over a similar affair certainly had never fallen under Detective Lamia's observa tion. He dropped suddenly into & chair, and was pressing his hands against his temples as if to still the throbbingB of a violent headache. The detective watchednim under his eyebrows. Now that he knew his name he remembered that he had heard of him as a young lawyer who bad recently fallen heir to a large fortune, and it seemed to him too that he could dimly recall having heard him referred to as the Apollo Belviaere of State Street. " You will, of course, acquaint me with the reasons for your suspicions ?" Mr. Lamm mildly suggested, by way of bringing his now motionless client to a realisation of his sur- roundings. Fetridge awoke from his trance with a »tart. " Reasons ?" he echoed, " No 1 Certainly not! Why should I r" / " It might be well for me to work on at the start, Mr. Fetridge." > Fetridge; was now on bis feet again, and took two or three turns up and down, the apartment in thoughtful silence. . " No,'? he said at last, pausing in front of the detective. " No, I see no reason for telling you— not yet, certainly. It would not aid you m the least. It would simply convince you that Stackhouse might have had a motive, and a strong one. As for anything else, you would be left as much in the dark as I am." " I would urge upon you — " " Itis useless," interrupted Fetridge. "There are family reasons for my silence. I am a friend of the family. Why, if it hadn't been so I should have gone at once with all I know to the police. But there are some things, Lamm, which the least said about the better— and Stackhouse's incentive to this deed of violence is one of them." " Umha" (the detective had a habit of pre facing his discourse with this reflective grunt), " North had quite a family ?" " He has two daughters, sir." Fetridge had resumed bis walk. " Young ? , Unmarried ?" "What? Don't you know? The eldest, Marion, is Thornton Stackhouse's wife. The younger, Stella, is seventeen." 44 And Mis. North ?" " Dead these fifteen years. Her sister, Cora- fort Harwood, is the housekeeper. The family are at the beach at Swampseott— still, I pre sume, in ignorance of the awful cloud which is hanging over them. Poor girls! Poor old Aunt- Comfort ! I say, Lamm, yon'll undertake the case, won't you ? If there is any disgrace 1 can save this bereaved family, I am bound to do it. I want to employ you to hunt up evidence in behalf of the family and to report to me as rapidly as possible. In fact, I wish to know, if it can be done, all the evidence the polioe have when the . inquest is called. I won't conceal from yon that the attitude I shall take on that occasion may he governed largely by what yon tell me. And, by the way, when is the inquest likely to be held?" " It is a delay of days or weeks, as the police determine." " Very well, and in the meantime I may count upon your undivided services. You un derstand what I want. I am always at my office here, or you may telegraph me at the Beach. Whenever there is any development in this sad affair, I desire to know it with as brief delay as possible. Whether it helps or hinders my suspicions of Stackhouse iu the case is not to the present purpose. Facts are what I w ish to ascertain ; and there is nobody who can arrive at the faots more snrely or more quickly than you — and this is not flattery, either !'' Mr. Lamm made a deprecatory gesture. "Well, Mr. Fetridge, no man can make a fairer offer than you've made, and under the circumstances I'll be very glad to take up the case and see what I can make of it. Count upon me to let you know when I have found anything of the slightest value." "I certainly shall, detective," returned Fetridge, whose face expressed the satisfaction he felt at securing such an ally. And so the conference ended. Detective Lamm, now turning his steps to wards his own office, not far away, bethought himself that this man Stackhouse, whom he knew very well by sight, would be likely to oc cupy a large share of his time and attention for many days to come. It came as a surprise, even to his imper turbable nature, to find that the first face to look into his as he entered his office was the face of Thornton Stackhouse. But Detective Lamm was quite equal to the occasion. "Were you waiting to see me?" he asked, in his most matter-of-fact tones. A quick look had assured him that the banker, though less excited in manner than his recent client, was certainty not positively free from agitation. " Yes," said Mr. Stackhouse, taking a chair in response to the detective's beckoning invita tion. 44 My name is Thornton Stackhouse. I have come almost directly from the house of my partner, Paul North. You know of course about his death — his murder?" Mr. Lamm bowed, twirling a pen between his fingers, and waited for his companion to continue. " Perhaps I need not recount all the circum stances, detective, that combine to make this a very difficult and delicate case. You will readily understand, withont my saying anv- thing further, that the very best and most con- fidential advice is requisite. And that is precisely why I came here, Mr. Lamm, to en list your services in getting at the facts — all the facts— of this mysterious crime. Now, can I secure you? There will be a handsome com pensation— you will have all the time and money needed to carry on your investigation." Detective Lamm, looking at the wall and still twirling the pen in his hands, seemed to be considering what engagements he had made with which his new comtnisson might conflict. At least, such was the impression of Thornton Stackhouse. " I don't know," the detective said, slowly at last. 44 I have a great deal of business just now— more than I can properly handle, in fact. It depends upon what you want. Was there any particular point you wished to present to! my attention, Mr. Stackhouse, or was it simply that you wished me to ascertain facts and re port to you ?" Mr. Stackhouse looked at the door with some vague apprehension. " We shall not be disturbed," said the de tective ; " I sprang the lock as I came in." Mr. Stackhouse brought his chair close to the detective. When he spoke it was in very low tones, hardly above a whisper. " Mr. Lama?, you amy have read In the after noon papers that a name was written on the wall close to where my partner lay dead.'1 A nod and a renewed twirling of the pen. "That name, Mr. Lamm, was meant to be mine — was mine !" The detective raised his eyebrows and seemed abont to speak. "You are going to ask me how I know," said Stackhouse. " Why, I read it with my own eyes. Yes, the papers said the scrawl might have meant Stiek or Stoch or Stockholm, ana so on ; bat I had a keener and truer sight than the officers there. " Now, detective, that name was written by some enemy of mine, who seeks to implipftte me in this terrible affair, - I am convinced of the fact. . And, being so convinced, a man of your experience does not need to be told that I dismiss the idea thai Paul North wrote that name on the wall as utterly outof the question." The grave, listening face near his wore no look of surprise, as Mr. Lamm nodded his foil understanding of his visitor's thoughts. "North being put aside, we must look for the guilty party in another quarter. Mr. Lamm, you don't happen to recollect who it was at tiie meeting of Nioaragua directors, of which the papers published an account, testified that he parted with Paul North late yesterday afternoon ?'' Mr. Lamm did not appear io recollect, for he pursed up his lips, shrugged his shoulders slightly, and said nothing. "Well, detective, that man was Mr. Richard Fetridge, of whom you may have heard—a young lawyer of considerable property, who has had dealings- with our firm. ' 44 Richard Fetridge," repeated the detective, slowly; " well?" " Mr. Fetridge stated, after considerable hesitation, which I couldn't help noticing, that he left Mr. North about five o'clock, after a business interview with him at our office. What the nature of that conference betwee n them was I can't say. Mr. Fetridge and I did not like each other, I'm free to say it, ana latterly I fancied that he grew even more curt and unpleasant in his manner towards me than before. Not that I cared for that, you under stand; I would not have given the matter a moment's thought but for this terrible affair. N r even now, if Fetridge's strange conference and his hesitancy about Baying where be left Mr. North were not put in a more peculiar light by certain other facts that have come to my knowledge " facts P" " Yes. Fetridge and North were seen to gether at a much later hour than five o clock the afternoon of the murder." The statement was made pointedly, and the detective gave evidence of interest. " Are you sure ?" he asked. " Absolutely sure." Mr. Stackhouse's voice had sunk to a confidential whisper. " A busi Bess acquaintance whose word is beyond ques tion has told me that he saw the two men walking up the Public Gardens at seven o'clock last evening, going in the direction of Marlboro street." Lamm threw off the mask of reserve. " And that is, to your mind, a most valuable, a most important, piece of evidence ? In con junction with Mr. Fetridge's conduct and course, you would consider it very_ significant ?" " So ; significant," returned v Stackhouse, 44 that but for the fact that I want to have the criminal so tangled in the mesh when he is caught that there can be no possible escape, I should before this have given the information to the police." "Then your theory is " suggested the detective. " What theory could a man have under the circumstances ? Richard Fetridge gained my partner's confidence — got into the family on a friendly footing — saw it was of no use to kep up his scheme of working poor Mr. North any further, enticed biro to this interview and subsequent conference at his house, and there murdered him." " Murdered him ?" echoed Mr. Lamm, with not a shade of difference in the tone of his voice, quite as if he expected just such a revelation. " Not only murdered him." Stackhouse went on, his voice now full and strong under the stress of excitement ; " but tried to fa den the guilt of the crime upon me. Richard Fetridge wrote my name there in the blood of his victim — Richard Fetridge and no other. I feel as certain of it as if I had been witness of the deed. He is my enemy ; I have felt it for a long time, and in the hostility . and no doubt his dread lest his scheming with North should come to light through my examination of his affairs, he has done his utmost to discredit and dishenour me. Now you see why I want Richard Fetridge watched ; why I want him followed at every step ; why I want his guilt established by in controvertible proof." (to be continued.) 