How a Good Ship was Lost. Ou tlio night of Gctobcr 27th, 18-12, the good ship " Mnry Compton," of Bristol, England, was strug gling with a fearful gnlo off the const of North Amoi'icti. The wind blew furiously, but the weather wns clear, and the Captain cxpccteci every moment to got sight of the light in the lighthouse on the Iron Hock Shoals. This lighthouse marked the en trance to the harbour. Once there, ancl they wore safe. Sure of his position, he sailed on con fidently. Five initiates later the the ship struck with a fenrful shock and went to pieces. Four men including the Captain were saved On renching the shore they found a strange thing had happened. An enemy of the lighthouse keeper had bound liiui hand and foot and extinguished the light.. Souls as well ns s'jips, steer by the lights. Hope I is, the most/ important lighthouso in the world. What slmll be said of the man who darkens it in. the face of a storm-tossed spirit? | " You are beyond human aid." These words were said by a physician to a woman who had come to consult him. Admitting that he .thought so, had ho | the right to say so ? No ; for he might be wi'oug and in any ease ho had no business to put out the "This woman had baen ill for some time. In June 1889, she was greatly nlarmed by her symptoms. Her heart palpitated, and she was so giddy she could scarcely stand. Her head whirled " and," she said " all objects seemed to go into a cloud." She lmd to hold herself up or sit down' for fear of falling. She broke out into a sweat although cold as death. A dreadful cough racked her frame so that she cou.Id not lie down in bed and sleep. , " J could scarcely crawl about the house," slio. says, "1 was so? weak. I tried different remedies and medicines without avail. 1 went lo'ttio Dis pensary at Now Briggtitu and asked the doctor to tell mo the worst. His answer was, "I have mixed you some medicine, you can take it or lcavo it." I look it for thrnc weeks, then gave up in despair. " 1 talked with two other physicians. The last one said, ' Yon arcpast-. human it it!.' " " My heart sauk within me,,for I had five Httlo chiidren, and my death would! leave thein.without a mother's love and cave, y I \yont home and., cried till I was sick, I,luid.:no nppetite'and lost flesh till I was thin us a ghost 1 My mother came.to.sed mo and did not know me. My skin was of a green and yellow color, aud when 1 ate anything it seemed to stick in my throat. 'About this time I commenced vomiting,, and'what I. throw, up was tinged with blood, Once I began to vomit at !) o'clock;'on a Saturday morning arid scarcely got rest from it until Monday morning., ,, " At this time I'remembered that Mrs. Wilson, with whom I formerly worked in Crawford's.Mill, in East-stroetj Leeds (where I live), had been cured .by Mother Spinel's Ourativo.. Syrup. So I sent to Sir. Jesson's, the Chemist, in Great Gordon street, and got a bottle. A few doses stopped, the vomit ing, and by degrees from day ' to day Ifeltbetteiv Soon I could eat a dry crust, nnd by the time,Iliad finished tho second bottle 1 lmd got oyei'all.my bad symptoms and was fast filing my strength back. 1 am now (April, 1S1I0,) in bottei health than ever boforo in my life. '. I should have taken Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup sooneiy.bub my husband was out of work and we had only a trifle coming in from his club, but I thank God I did get it at last, and it cured me, bad off as I was. All my friends and neighbours know tho facta I.have related, and I -will reply to any letters of enquiry." (Signed), Mrs. Ann Mills, .10, Bread street, York Bond, Leeds. ; f This was n ease of indigestion and dyspepsia, with symptoms showing how far it had affected tho nervous system. A few months, or possibly weeks more, and Mrs. Mills would have had no tale to tell, Sho did wrong to wait one hoar for any ren 8(in, after having kuown. what Mother Seigel's Ourativo Syrup lmd done for her friend Mrs, Wilson 