1ST EDITION. Barrier Miner. SATURDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1891. Parkes' Retirement. IT is not to be wondered at that political parties in Sydney are puzzled. Though on Thursday night it was thought that there might be a tussle in the arena of the Legislative Assembly, and so nearly three-fourths of the members were in attendance, yet it was not anticipated that there would be a "fight to a finish," and consequently several leaders, including Mr. Dibbs, were absent when the crisis came. The result, as is already known, was that the Government fell, the labor party prop having been removed. The facts seem to indicate that Sir Henry Parkes was riding for a fall. As he said afterwards, the Government was very pleased to have the opportunity to retire. Of course, it is not absolutely necessary that we should accept this as true. Another fox, it is reported, once said that certain grapes were sour. Five months ago Sir Henry Parkes, by abundance of promises of democratic reforms, secured the temporary support of the labor party. All its members were green Parliamentary hands, many of them but slightly educated and inex- perienced in the trickery that passes for cleverness amongst politicians and a considerable section of city business men and adventurers alike. Sir Henry seemed to liken these men to the shapeless pieces of wood that he had manipulated in his earlier and better days into ornaments and other articles, and he hoped, no doubt, to be equally successful in his manipulation of them. But either the old hand has lost its cunning or the old head mistook the nature of the material to be operated upon. When he thought he had his raw materials at his mercy in his lathe, he found them full of knots, and not at all suitable for his purposes. In- stead, in fact, of lumps of shapeless wood, it has been impressed upon him that they are live members, his equals in voting power in the House. When he discovered this, they became of no use to him, nor he to them. It is rather difficult to say precisely which party was the first to make up its mind that they had better part com- pany. Each has for a week or two been hinting to the other that they were better apart. On their side the labor members have refused to cast a vote contrary to their convictions, though the Government might strongly urge them to do so ; and on their side, Ministers, while deeming to satisfy the labor party's demand for democratic legislation, have adopted the childish course of levelling personal insults at the party. When, therefore, Sir Henry Parkes took the unusual course of bitterly opposing on its third reading a piece of legislation upon which the labor party had determined, when he dared that party to crow him, and when by personal insult he lashed them into opposition to him, the final rupture was inevitable. The ally of the labor party had deceived them ; he refused to carry out those measures of advanced legislation which he had undertaken to pass through, if allowed ; and so the alliance, if such it may be called, was ended. It is necessary to but briefly refer to the measure over which the trouble arose. The Coal Mines Regulation Bill has been dangled for years before the eyes of the important and powerful coalfields constituencies. Nearly 18 months ago the bill was introduced by the Minister for Mines (Mr. Sydney Smith) and was carried through the Assembly. In committee it was care- fully debated by Messrs. Fletcher, Alexander Brown, Curley, Walker, Burns, Cullen, and a few others. The labor party was then non-existent ; instead, the bill was left largely in the hands of the coal mineowners and their advocates, chief amongst them being Messrs. Brown, Barns, Cullen, and Fletcher. In such a House, with- out any organised labor party, with no labor vote worth men- tioning, the eight hours principle was affirmed and embodied in the bill. So it was sent up to the Council. But that chamber, largely at the instigation of members of the Assembly, it was said at the time, shelved the measure. It was, however, of such vital import- ance to the 10,000 or so coalminers of the colony that Mr. Smith re-intro- duced it a fortnight ago. It passed its first and second readings, and went through committee. A few amend- ments were made, but the committee expressed no great dissatisfaction with them. On the third reading, however, Mr. McMillan introduced a motion confessedly designed to defeat the legalisation of the eight hours day. Sir Henry Parkes cordially supported this motion, and vehemently opposed the principal feature in a bill for which he as head of the Government was responsible. Only one conclusion can be formed upon this action : either that he was insincere in his democratic protestations and that his object in introducing such measures as this was simply to gull the Parliamentary labor party and to deceive the country, or he is insincere in his present opposition. In other words, he has deliberately set about obtaining political privileges by false pretences. His speech on Mr. M'Millan's motion was unworthy even of him. " Every human being," he declared, " has a right to control his own actions, and no Parliament has power to dictate how long he shall or shall not work. It would be an act of tyranny ; and if this is passed there is no reason why future Parlia- ments should not fix a day's work at 10, 12, or even 18 hours." Nobody should know better than he who spoke those words that no man is absolutely free to do what he likes. The whole sentiment is " wishy-washy twaddle." A man has only control of his action so long as they do not cause discomfort to others. As for future Parliaments fixing a day's work at 18 hours, we will admit that a Parliament would have that right. But the workers need not fear that it will be exercised. It is only a genuine Parkesian bogey, a new Kiama ghost. For Parliaments represent the people, or are supposed to do so ; and unless the people want to work 18 hours and the majority of them can show that it would be better for the community if they did work so long, Parliament will make no such pro- vision. Again, the House is only asked to legalise what is an almost universal practice in Australia. Labor without the help of the Legislature has secured the pretty general adoption of the principle ; but what it has gained it asks should be legalised, else it will have to continually struggle to main- tain it. Both Sir Henry Parkes and Mr. M'Millan profess to believe in the eight hours principle. Yet, though they were sent to the House and are paid for giving expression, and force to their opinions, they refrain from doing so now. Either they must be cowards or, more likely, insincere in their professions. Sir Henry, Parkes has declared that, no matter what the Government may do, he will not only retire, but will resign his seat. It is very good and kind of him in the circumstances to retire ; yet, at the same time, we are sorry that he should leave the House. He has not yet, however, left it ; he has only said that he will. The time, he will see presently, is not opportune. When he does retire he will prefer, unless he has been mistaken, a dramatic exit ; it is not dramatic to be removed at the point of the foot, and disappearance under such conditions goes against the granting of a gratuity. But it is better that he should be out of the House altogether than that he should be in a position where he may do incalculable mischief. Naturally, he expresses his disgust that he has to sit and listen to "wishy-washy twaddle." He does not like to have his time wasted. For all that, there is not a man in the House who has wasted more time than he. Take this very Coal Mines Regulation Bill for example. Introduced as a Govern- ment measure, it was permitted to occupy the great part of a fortnight, members believing (and they could not do otherwise) that it had the approval of the Premier. Yet, after it had occupied thus much time, it was at the eleventh hour of its career through the Assembly opposed and disowned by the Premier. He did all in his power to cause the whole of the time and trouble of the House devoted to this bill to be wasted ; and yet he, the illustrious author of the proposals for the establishment of a State Dead House and the application of the name "Australia" to this one colony, has the effrontery to threaten us with retirement because members waste his time! The Heavens will not fall if the vain old mischief-maker does carry out his threat. 