THE MELBA DIVORCE. I DEFENCE OF THE DIVA. AN INJURED AND PERSECUTED WOMAN. THE INSIPID DUO D'ORLEANS.. . INFATUATION OF A BOY The public lias, so far, heard but one side 3f the Molba story. The following state ment of the case, by a London correspondent, is therefore of interest : — When Armstrong came from Australia, Melba made a desper ate attempt to live with him. His tastes and habits were entirely anti-pathetic to hers. Still she tried, as she explains, to be nicc, and for a short time life ran fairly smoothly with the reunited couple. When, however, the novelty of being a great prima donna's husband wore off, Armstrong constantly, she alleges, ill-treated her. Melba endured it as long as she could, hating the fuss and scandal of lcsial nroecedintrs. But seven or eitrlit weeks ago things came to a crisis, and Mrs. Armstrong instructed Malleson and Malleson, her solicitors, to file a petition for judicial separation 011 tho ground of cruelty. Arm strong has retaliated with A PETITION FOK DIVORCE, making Orleans co-respondent. This is really, Melba's friends say, a piece of the merest brag. They know the truth about the Duke. In pure selfish thoughtlessness he compro mised her abominably in public. There, however, the matter eudetl. Armstrong knows — nobody better — that lie has not the ghost of a chance of proving adultery. Melba is a passionless woman, wrapt up in her art. All her life, all her energy, all her all are in it. The young duke's adoring admiration tickled her vanity at first. He followed her about everywhere, listening to her lovely voice with hungry cars, and snapping up greedily any kind word she threw at him.' Most prima donnas are troubled with a follower or followers of this description. If the young man had not been the Duke of Orleans, no one would have noticed him. At Vienna, madame received the duke -at her hotel occasionally, and let him escort her once to the opera when she was not playing. This evening's entertainment was a serious indescretion ifrom an Austrian point of view, and led to scandal. The Imperial family formed THE WORST CONCLUSIONS on seeing the pair together in public, and it is alleged that when they came to the front of the duke's box the ladies of the court circle withdrew. When Melba learnt the significance placed 011 this incident she was greatly annoyed, and upon the duke following her to St. Petersburg she got the Czar to intervene and order him off. The young man seemed bent, however, 011 play ing the fool, and presently actually ventured to Paris to see and hear the prima donna. The absiu'dest stories were current at this time. One paper declared that the duke was in Melba's house, disguised as butler ; and another that she had concealed him in her boudoir. When, however, the police did pay Madame a domiciliary visit they found not an indication of 'his royal highness ' having been there. The sole suspicious fact was that Melba declined to say whether she had or had not seen licr friend in Paris. Arm strong has had two detectives aud a solicitor rummaging in Vienna for the last fortnight, but without much result. The allegation in the petition is that MELBA COMMITTED ADULTERY WITH ORLEANS in Sachzers Hotel, Vienna, on February 20, the latter figuring as M. de Villiers. The proprietor according to Armstrong, admits Melba came there, but blandly denies she was accompanied by the Orleanist Prince. The Duke was warned that an attempt was about to be made to serve him wit-h a citation as co-respondent in the divorce suit, and his servants have been on the alert for suspicious strangers. At St. Joliana, in Moravia, where the Prince was staying with Baron Hirscli, several stratagems were tried fruitlessly. On Wednesday morning, however, as he arrived at Vienna, he got neatly caught. Two gen tlemen in evening dress asked leave to pre sent a boquet and a petition as the duke stepped from, the railway carriage. He handed the flowers to a secretary, aud opened the petition, which was neatly tied with ribbon. No sooner, however, did ' VICTORIA BY THE GRACE OF GOD,' reach his eye, than he realised what had hap pened, and flinging the paper.sfi'uin hi 111, cursed the rapidly -retreating form of the process server with fluency. 'It subsequently trans pired Armstrong claims £20,000 damages. Melba's fate now, to a great extent, depends on the reality of her 'royal ' friend's friend ship. If lie submits himself to the ordeal of the witness-box, all will be well. If, how ever, 'his royal highness' -is too lazy or too proud to do so the jury will almost certainly charitably assume flic worst. A gossip reminds mo that it was in consequence of a* breach of etiquette at a State concert that tlio duke was obliged to leave St. Petersburg. After Melba sang the prince was so enrap tured that he led tho applause, instead of .waiting for the Czar to do so. His Majesty ordered him out of room forthwith, but he ignored the Imperial message till oiie of the grand duchesses came and implored him not . to make a scandal . Next day he was ^ REQUESTED TO LEAVE RUSSIA. In the Italian Opera Company, at present in London, are many artistes who know Melba, and sympathise with her in her present trouble. None of them for a moment believe her to have been guilty of anything worse than indiscretion in her friendship for Prince Louis. An absurd story appeared in some of the evening's papers to the effect that the trial would take place in Melbourne. Need less to say, as proceedings have been com menced in the English Courts, the case will be tried. On dit in Vienna that tho Duke of Orleans is intensely chagrined at having been successfully served with a citation. His scheme was to avoid service indefinitely, anil thus render Armstrong's malice abortive. Now the prince is on the horns of a dilemma, and either horn means scandal. 