EPITOME OF. NEWS. . The, Hob^rt trsorSercr, Cooley, - who is shortly to lie i.aDged, ik rerfijaed ta bis fateV^ - da^^^S'rrto'^^ed tEel.'uLV™. I H7-II- « » t. T- - I . WiHuam Mitchell Law, an engine fitter, hae il been fo'und drowned in the Yarra. * i ' • I Agirl named Jane Crawioy 13 years of agr, U has mysteriously disappeared from Kichmond. • • :] Great damage has been done attbe Azores j A man named William Parker died very ; suddenly in a boarding house in Little Bourke; street on Monday morning. - .; .Intelligence has been received that three • slave dhows capsized on the "Victoria Nyanza,; 140 of the occupants being drowned.: It-has been decided to. h(-ld an exhibition la; London illustrative of the events of the reign : of Her Majfety Qneen Victoria. A boy named Dawson accidentally shot a little girl named Catherine Davis atDimboola.; She died immediately. \- -Two miners have beea killed at the East Consols mine. Brokea Hi 1 !. One was---married, Patrick M'Sweeney, a well- known resident ' of AJbury, has been drowned at Narandera. Herwas^5 yeaw ot age. The Hohart murderer Cnoley, has confessed to. killing MM Ogiivy. He says it was an -accident, but this is mere equivocation. A young man named Norman Lipman tried j tocommit suicide at Benalla by swallowing spirits of salts. He is likely to recover. Gold to the amount of 0221 oz. was exported from' the Hoeburn district' during the first seven months of the present year. Charles Anderson, a labourer, was killed through slipping oS the scafiilding at the Technical College, Ultimo, on Wednesday. He fell a distance of 50 feet. Enormous takes of barracoota have been made about four miles outside the Heads. Some 20 toDS have already reached Melbonrne. Some youths played ''ghosts" at Bendigo the other day, but their victim shot at tb.cm and frightened them to some purpose. He was fined £1, which seems rather hard. The.Eev. C. H. Spurgeon, who has been: seriously ill for tbe last five or six weeks past, continues to improve, and is gaining strength daily."' James Murray, the caretaker of the Yarraugobilly caves, lias discovered another large cave, which is believed to.rival the New Jersey caves in its marvellous beauty. In Aden it has rained only twice in 29 years, and then only enough to lay the dust. The Ust time it lair.ed there was three years ago, after 2G years of drought. A man named Edward Rileyf died at Webb's Creek, Lower Hawkesbury, on Friday, seed 107\. The deceased had been a resident of the district for very many year;. An extraordinary occurrence is repotted from New York. In a lunatic asylum in that city, 17 lunatics msde an attack upon the keepers, and ultimately succeeded in escaping.: Mr W. T. Carter, member for Wiiiiamstbwn, has settled his financial difficulties, and . will not therefore have to file his schedule,: and ; rt-t-'re Irom the House, It was mentioned several times in the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday evening that laige numbers of farmers, prioeipally Ger-; -mans, have arrived from South Australia and ' takeu up farms iu. the mallee. ' In the.Taanauian Assembly on Tuesdaythe Treasurer introduced a vGte of £3750, being payment for Mr Speight's services in connection with the main lint railway purchase. The item will be strongly opposed. [The London Sportsman considers that the cricket team selected by the Earl of Sheffield for a tour in the Australian colonies is pro-, hably tLe strongest that has ever left" England. A man named Geo. Stone shot himself at his daughter's house. Gore- street, Fitzroy, on Tuesday. He was of weak intellect, arid had contracted a second marriage only a fortnight ;o. : A child named Donovan was drowned at Moruya, N.S.W., on Friday morning, and on ; Dr. O'Heilly beingsent for. he was found dead on the floor of his room, evidently having committed suicide. At the Bendigo police court on Monday, Moses Johuson, a draper's -assistant, was charged with shooting at with intent.to murder Kate Stewart, daughter of the- laudiord of aVlocal boardiug house. Prisoner was remaiided. ,<jn the body.of a Chinese fossicker from one of the £oldfields. who had been left slo.-ie to die "in' a iion-e off Bourke-t-trect, was founrl sum of £27. The fact was not discovered until the body had been, removed to the morgue.. : William Jones, a saddler at Dpokie, who was coinraitLed by the local bench on Saturday to the E;ew-Asylum as a lunatic, attempted to hang himsalf on Sunday morning in the Sliepparton lockup. He was taken to the Eew Asylum. ..Toe Independent states that one of. the .officials of the. Sandhurst: City Ccuucil-.is. to inherit a haudsoroo little fortune of-£10.000. The estate was worth £30,000. and there are three hstatees, oue ut whom is the gectlsmaa referred to. .... A cabman named Harvey was garotted in Gollins-str^et, Melhenrne, at 9 o'clock on Sunday night-. -It was only a few yaras from the Victoria -Coffee Palace, but no help was at band. Tbei-offians only got lid and a railway ticket, but tneir victim is seriously i.urr. The Argae very properly and justly, save:— It is somewhat melancholv .to reflect how, ysar after; year, we see in Parliament the number of men who aver that ihey really do not understand ibe Question tr^r themselves: that they would prefer remit the issue to the..constituencies :bv a plebiscite.; that really tbeir own opinions do not matter; that their mission is to shout with the crowd—and with the larger crowd bv all.means. Some, very peculiar claims have been sent in to the floods rel:6f committee in Iticnmond. A femele.carrying on business as a. mantle, maker made a demaud for £700 for the loss of -.her " stock m. trade,-.-.and A person in receipt of a pension of £250 a year from the Victorian Government claimed £115 for the IOES of a duiner: waggon, a clocks and t some other household articles. There were a number of other claims quite as .unworthy of recognition, and the committee rejected the whole of.-them. 