LITERATURE. IRISH FOLK - LORE.* AAV**** Ireland is rich in foHc lore, as Crotton (Yolicr, Samuel Layer, Miss L. Maclintock, n»d Mr. Po«S'as Hyde have already shown tis; and Lady Wilde lias supplemented their stations of it, and her own Ancicnt illustrations 01 Lejciids of Ireland, by the publication of a volume entitled Ancient Cures, Charm*, and Vsa-ffca of -Ireland, in which she has brought together a large amount of curious ? "iifiYm with respeeb to the subjects i book. But surely gpecific'^'» ib ilted from it, as wholly the migl'J ],*\ ] e the political diatribe, irrelevant to lfo i > iB w)jic]l she c0VCr'1nreSon to her antipathy to Englawl glV<?S(i Finish, her sympathy with the and the '< n . institutions, and Amevk^apco,)]c a l .u q£ r ^ iltr TfH li t nnLd to the United up a volume of this States. ^ tfcipftte nor want an tlwl "'I run"«po'i "3 in the midst ^ndlvcird fantastic or of faw Bt , , wilde js quite wel iiie"doggc(1 cgotfm °Vhe Tvl" and io stigmatise the Reformation -trade revolt against grace, refinement, af i I and the mystic, and a cold tl,C X e lowest level of the under mef- ! " but wc respectfully submit that S "iinenls BJ lyf "e OUt0i 1 Irish " have retained more of the . snnerstitiona than any other Sean people, and hold to them wltli a « Lntial belief that cannot be shaken by an) amount of philosophic teaching. Many of their customs and usages can be traced back Jo an li'vptian and lVlasgic oiig.n; and m the treatment of disease the earliest Irish Lefcms Peem to have copied the priest hood of the former nation m giving it a medico religious character. The excrcibe of the medical faculty was hereditary m cer tain families, and the sensible practice ap pears to have prevailed ot making the havjh, or leech, who had blundered or failed in his treatment of a patient, refund the fees he ha! received, and hand them over to his inoje skilful successor. Some of the cures which were most popular were very droll. For the nine-day fever it was customary to write the name of Jesus nine times on a slip oi paper, then cut the palter into small bite, mis the pieces with some soft'food, and make tlie patient swallow it The king s evil was cured by the Mood of a black cat. A black spider laid as a sandwich between t«-o sliccs of bread and butter, and eaten one every morning-was believed to be a great strengthener of the body. A live spider, wiled up in a cobweb, put into a lump of butter, and eaten while the fit was on, was regarded as a specific for ague. To cure the falling sickness it was considered iKce.-aary to sear the patient's head with a iedliot el lurch key. In cases of insanity, where exorcism or irantafions by a witch-doctor failed, a terrible expedient was had recourse to. '"Is consisted," writes Lady Wilde, " of burying the patient for three days and three nights in the earth. A pit was dus, three feet vide and sis feet deep, in which the patient was placed, only the head being left un covered ; and during the time of the cure lie vas allowed no food, and no one was per mitted to speak to him, or even to approach ... If he survived the living burial he was generally taken out of the pit more dead than alive, perished with cold ?Hid hunger, and more mad than ever." Mesmerism, or, as it is now called, hyp notism, is represented as having been prac-j used in Ireland from Druidic times, magnetic \ passes being the curative agency employed. Hie phenomenon of clairvoyance, called Irish the 'enlightenment,' was also well "own to the Druids, who by this means ascertained the will of the gods in important "wets, mil |,y it3 aid prophecies were made m the thoughts of the heart revealed." hom the remotest times the Irish have Possessed nn accurate knowledge of medical 3 nj, and 0f the remarkable properties of TvJi 'H, w'len uscd therapeutically. i* ,,m'ledSc transmitted orally from ceiri^ >V° geInetat*oa< v^e eldest sou re Mdbfi!n>i°m j16 cl(*e8t son *n succession, t0 divulge «« secrets V;i],ie!!"!,f A,6an "Stance of this lady inthC ttsSUmiu "people afflicted with canine madness were put to death by smothering between two feather-beds, the near relatives standing ronnd, until asphyxia was produced, and death followed." We have heard of a de letion of the water plantain having been successfully used to arrest the early stages of hydrophobia in Russia ; and in 1808, M. de St. Paul, the then Director-General of the Ministry of the Interior, published a herbal remedy ot which he declared the efficacy to be absolute. It was composed of rue, saprc marguerite, the root of the sweetbriar, and viper's grass, and five or six bulbs of garlic chopped up fine, and brayed in a mortar with the addition of a pinch of salt and a glass of white wine, and when strained through linen, some of the mixture had to be taken fasting for nine mornings in suc cession ; five spoonfuls for an adult man, four for a woman, and three for a child. A belief in the sncredness of certain trees as, for example, the yew, the rowan, the haze], and the willow, is almost universal in Ireland. It was with a hazel wand that St. Patrick is reputed to have driven the serpents out of that country; and "the willow is thought to have a soul in it which speaks in music. For this reason the Irish harps were generally made of the wood. Brian Borohm's micient harp, still in existence, is made of the willow tree." The shamrock is also viewed with a feeling of veneration; and he who is fortunate enough, to possess ?the four-leaved variety can not only work miracles, but " he cannot be cheated in a bargain, nor deceived, and whatever he un dertakes will prosper." Among the popular superstitions of the Irish people, although this is by no means confined to them, is a belief of the unpropitiousness of certain days of the week for certain purposes, Wednesdays ami Fridays being the unlucky ones, upon which 110 journey should be com menced, nor any business of importance transacted, nor any marriage performed. The future destiny of children is also sup posed to be largely determined by the fiay of the week upon which they are born, as in dicated iu the popular doggrel which follows: Monday's child fair in Uie face, Tuesday's cliiirf fair of £*racc, Wednesday's child lone and sad, 'J'liui tday's child merry and glad, Iriday s child must work for u living, Saturday's ohild is Godly giv en, Sunday's child will go straight to heaven. Quite a throng of traditions have naturally becouic associated with the patron saint of Ireland, notwithstanding the fact that he was a foreigner, having been born at what is now Itoulogitc, in France, and captured at the age of seventeen by Irish corsairs, who sold him into slavery to an Ulster chief. St. Patrick is believed to have been a powerful enemy of sorcery and sorcerers; and the blood of one witch, whom he slew and who fell into a Jake, "incarnadined" its waters, so that the lake was thenceforth known as Lough- Dearg, or the " ltvd Lake," a name which it retains to this day. In his pursuit ot her he had ascended a mountain now known as Croagh-Patrick, from whence, Lady Wilde tells us, "lie beheld all the country lying westward; but finding that | his time was short, and that he could not I visit Connemara, nor the lands near, lie ii/ted up his hands and invoked a blessing on the bays, and the harbours, and the shores of Connemara, even a seven-fold blessing. So, ever since, the lush ar6 abun dant there, l>eyond all other places on the coast of Ireland. Nor yet had he time to visit Erris ; but, unhappily, he forgot, before leaving the mountain, to invoke a blessing on the island, so the people of Krris are still Pagan in all their ways-rakish and prodigal, and given to strong drink, even to this day for the blessing of Patrick never rested on them, nor on their laud or coasts." It seems rather hard, however, that forty-live generations of Krris folk should have suffered in morals and maimers owing to a lapse of memory on the part of the national saint of; Ireland. From the earliest times the people of that country have attached great importance to the cerements which those they love are buried in, as they believe that " the dead continue to wear the clothes they last used in this world whenever they may have occasion to appear on earth." And it is worthy of note that a similar belief with respect to, the garments worn by apparitions prevails in most European countries, and has done 80 in all ages; the ghosts which figure so prominently in half-a-dozen of Shakspeare's plays are cases in point. When ever possible, Lady Wilde says, the Irish people " procure a religious liabit for the burial, as this distinction, they know, will be esteemed a high compliment by the dead, and give them dignity amongst the other ghosts." Lady Wilde omits to tell us at what period of Jtish history the whisky still was first set up ; bat she mentions that the English settlers were prompt to recognise the qualities claimed for poteen by the native I race, and she quotes from Richard Stani I hurst's description of Ireland the follow ing eulogy of the national stimulant: I*'Being moderately taken, it sloweth age, strengthened youth, helpeth digestion, abandoneth melancholy, relisheth the heart, lightenetk the mind, quickencth the spirit, cureth hydropsis, pounceth the stone, keepeth the head from whirling, the eyes froift dazzling, the tongue from lisping, the mouth from tnoffling (mumbling), the teeth from chattering, and the throat from rattling. It keepeth the weason (windpipe) from stifling, the stomach from wambling, the heart from swelling, the hands from shiver ing, the sinews from shrinking, the veins from crumbling, the bones from aching, and themarrow from softening.' 