i'liH Old fttory. 44 It Ir for the last time,' she whispered. Dumbly eyes told eyes this was the truth. Always inevitable, it htd some at last. After to-night th'ro was to be m future In common. As yet neither has said the word that each is thinking of. 41 i,ood bve !' A litfcln wnrd fn hold so much of p tin. 4 » To forget 1' A short sentence to Illustrate the impossible. 44 Not yet I' A prayer for reprieve. 44 The end 1' A futareless hour which embraoes Past and Present, 41 The rose is dead,' says he, as a shower of petals fe!l at his feet Meoh%nloally removing the broken stem from his button hole, h«5 added — 44a»d — tlio word is said,' ii !!a' )),Jon a most sweet chaptcr in our lives, said she, with downcast eyes. 44 1 would not have missed it,' replied he—1 'though we may never a.id ? « To bo continued.' And a tear stole softly over her cheek, Each hail lingered, loth to turn the last torn leaf. Soon nothing would be loft of what had been » , ? 48 * fhat the books of men's lives should he writteu in thn sand, and that the tides of years leave not even a trace. A strange cmDtintdss fills all the nigbt, Other nights shall come ghost-liHunted. Ghosts of inscrutable glances— „f sweet replies to old immortal questionings. She stands beside him ; her lips quivering with ogony suffered for his sake. His eyes are filled with pitying tears for two broken lives— their own Alas ! for the huppy, foolish, fugitive hours they had owned iu common. Alas 1 for the nights brimming with happy silences under theaters. The ensued lamp is burning out. The hour has come. Words are poor things. 44 Did I bring iny cine?' And his trembling hand reaches into a shady corncr. 44 Yes ; here it Is,' replied she. 44 Good. night.' 'Good- night. ' Kach knows that it is a good-bye. A RarcBB. A high. A 8 jb. The door clones, Hib rapid footftteps are speedily lost to her ear. » es, it ib over. The darbness £ wallows him from eight. A murky flash. He is light ing hia cigirrcttc. Aud she? She slowly rearr-ui£cs her rutlied bangs as she murmurs, with a yawn. *'I wonder what time he'll come np to morrow night !' They have bid each other an eternal farewell before. 