liOCAL IttfTKIiViKOBVGB. Numba Municipal Council.— A vacancy Ravine occurred in tho Nutnba Municipal Dis trict Council through the death of tho lato Mr. . David Waddoll, who was one of tho sitting nldonnon, Mr; William' Watts has' boon placed ln nomination by a numbor of tho loading ratb payora, and it jb' understood will bo .oloctod without .-opposition1 should ho deuido .to cumo forward and fill. the vacancy. A. M. P.; Society.— Wo notico that Mr. W. E. Riloy. of Oou'burn, is a candidate for a soat on tho Board of Directors of the A. M. P. Society, and as an ow journalist ot many years standing and one who has a largo and varied, oxporionco in business matters wo fool suro that* if roturuod, he would bo ft docidod acquisition to tho management of tho very flourishing society of .which ho eoeke to bocomo a more ; ochvo' mbmbor.' ? ' j Sroaliiaven A. and H. Association.— Mr. : P. II. Morton, M.P., has decided not to again i i' ntaiid for ro.olection as Prosidont of tho Shoal ' liavon A. and H. Association, thoaunual oloction ? -of offico bbarors for which takos plnco in tho 'Nowra Public Hall - to-morrow (Thursday) ?' afternoon. With tho exception of tlio lato Mr. ! Dnvid Waddoll nil the rotiring members of tho, 'Committee havo boon nominated for ro-olccl ion 1 tngothef with tho following gontlemon, viz:~ Messrs. G. Borrowdalo, E. Crawford, W. W. \- JSwin, . A. . Frasor, W. Gibson, II. Iload, J. ?- Ilowitt, Harry D. Morton, Mark F.' Morton, S. . Matthews,' Jamos Smith and William Watts. A1 ^ '-ballot will tako, placo at tho onsuing gonoral mooting of members. Silver (Reaping.— Mr. W. P. Blackmoro, President of tho Moohanies' Institute and School ?of Arts,* had . a. very creditable programme to plnco before tho audionco which assembled at tho Nowr'a Publio Hall .on Thursday ovoning 1ii5»t, on tho. occasion of tho Silver 'Reading givon in connection, with tho- Institute, and things worked very smoothlj*. and woll, soveral ox collont nu'm'bors boiiig rendorod by such woll known favorites as tho MissOs T. Thorburn(- L. Oroon, 'and' T. Konnody. Mosdan^es. Quick, ? TSJillor, Brigfitecke and Miss Wilson : Messrs. Bliickinorri,. J. Quilty and Masters P; Pooley and Duncombo. also contributing to tbo ovon ing's onjoytnont with foadings and recitations, -etc. A song by Miss Thorburn mot with a vory enthusiastic oucoro, and at tho closo of tho pro-' coeiuigs tho usual votes of thanks wore ac corded to tho performers and others assisting in tho proceedings. ursTRinunoN of Prizes at Camrewarra.— ? Previous to tho break- up for tho Easter holidays on Thursday, the pupils of tho Cumbewarro i Public School woro presented with a numbnr of , valuable books. The funds for tho purposo wore | rnisod some time ago by a school concert given by Mr. Brontiun, tho topebor, and by.; tho pro- , coeds of a concert givon by the Moron Minstrels. \- Tho presentation was mado through Mr. Frasor, J.P., Chairman of'tho School Board.. Messrs- J W. Brown and T. Shepherd, othor members of I itho Board, woro also present, together with a I number 'of local residents. Thero woro 104 ?prizes awordod, tho books being - of rather n ?superior class. A vote of thanks to . Mr, and !Mrsl Brennan for their nttorition to tho interosta ?of tho pupils gonorully, and tho troublo takoii in 4ho prosentinstanco to provide thom with so ; much profitable and amusing reading; was moved in laudable terms by Messrs. T.' Shepherd^ and S Matthews, and carried by the children' giving ?thom- throe choorn. A verse of tho National Anthem brought tho pleasant ceremony to a -lose. Accidents. — A lad namod . Edward Schilling mot with a painful accidnhfc/'at tho Roman Chariot sports on Monday last, through the ex plosion of a ninrobn, which ho pickod from off tho onclosuro while the fuse was still smoulder ing. In lifting it. the wind must have -fanned tho fuse into a blaze, aud thus 'ignited -tho ox -plosivo contained in tho maroon. Schilling's band was somowhat severely injured though it .is hopod not.. permanently. ? Dr. Broreton who. ' iw«s on the ground at tho time of tho ocOurr'ancd ?flid what ho could for tho rolief of thn sufforor. — A moro serious accidont happoned on tho -nftArnrmn -iF ' thn Riiinn dm* nt thn rnsidnnco of Mr. Potor M'Loau in Junction* street. A lad j . Earned Thomas M'Lean was cleaning a gnn, and j bad put a cap on tho -nipple, and. not knowing at the timo that tho barrel was loaded, pulled the trigger, with tho result that a charge ?of. shot penetrated tho wall of tho building insula whioh he was standing, and inflicted epveral nasty flo«h wounds on his mothor's nrms «,nd breast, much to the poor lad's grief end hor ?sufforing. Mrs. ? M'Loan was standing outside ?tho house at tho timo of the occurrenoo, and the i shot penotrated through the woodon partition; and a sheet frif*galvanised iron before striking ; .her, so that she . did riot receive tho full* -charge. -Medical assistance was promptly 'ob tained, and tho shot extracted by I)r. King, who expressed ? the opinion that, boyond tho shock, wbioh was undoubtedly severe, no serious i results noed be apprehended, and wo woro glnd I to learn, on enquiry yesterday, that Mrs. M'T.oau I was progressing as favourably as could be ex pected undor the circumstances. *«r i. Chtcketehs* Concert. — Members of tho Tisitiiifc team 'from' tho Surroy Unitod O.C. gavo a plnnsant littlo concort at tho Nowra Publio Hall on Saturday evening' last to a very fair house, Mr. B. Patterson, Mayor of Nowra, occupying tho chair^ -on. tho occasion, the special ohjnct nf tho gathering being to assist tbo funds of tho Nowra Crioket Cluh. Unfortunatoly thero woro sinister rumours abroad which may havo somewhat militated against the attendance, sinco it was somewhat unohantahly allpged, and that' without the slightest foundation, that tho priino movers in tho affair woro aoting in. opposition to tho hospital concert movement, whioh eventu ated on the following Monday ovoning. Thepo rumours had been so assiduously circulated, \- _ and had followed such peculiar action on tho \- port . of : .th^ - committeo or officers of the other mojfein*nt, . that Mr. 0. Lentondeemed .it advisable'to make a public explanation of thn \- ciroumstancos whioh- led up to the crickoters* '? concort. When some of tho toam wero visiting \- - ! ;Sbonlhaven last yen' tl^ey' talked ovor cricketing ^mattprs with somo o/.«iho Jhcal representatives, . and than decided that/in tho event of their re ' pasting their visit tho following yoar, they ? would assist tho local club by tendering thorn a ?' '.Vcniriplimontar.v oonb^rt. * T/jtor thoir visit was \- .arranged for B^Ster^Tthointwent. year, and Mr. . - ?EHwHrdsV sBcrotaiy 'bf the locol club was ap ' prised of tho f-tct. Meanwbila tho hospital con cort- inoveinent had t^kea shape, but it was in no spirit of hostility to that movomont ? . 1 that tho ?? Surroy Uniteds held' to their plani-. Oh the contrary thoy had consulted tho hohivenienoe \oi tho - committeo of the Other movement', and waited for their fixturo ?to bo made befnro annohncing their own. Of noroMty they, 'then had 'no- notico. either they : ?munt appear on tho Saturday or hot at all, arid' of the two courses opcn.to.'tbera thov preferred to keop their won! and assist tho struggling: for-, ?tunes of a struggling clnh. : This. -explanation a vorv\ox«ellent' programoSo 'was. g'me thtough aa appeudbd, tho. whole coacliidiog'with . a very laughnblo farco ontitlod *' T^o .Haunted | Pub in which tho humours of tho situation were put forth in tilling fashion by Mr. 0. Leuton (tho hotelkoepor. Mr. Kdmunds) aud by Mossra., A. Atkins (Sambo, in eoarch of. work), S. Kcqri&n; ('First ghost) and II. Troasuro (second ghost)i, ' Tbo musical portion of tho pro gramme included tho following numbers: — Ovorturo, 'Flambeaux March.' Mr. A. M'Coy ; Song und Chorus, 'Tho Powdor Monkoy,' Mr. M'Coy; -Comio Song, Mr. Sweotnam; Song, 'My Swoetheart wbon a, Boy,' Mr. Tippor; Rooitation, 'Tho Sovon Ages of Man,' Mr. Boveridgo; Song, 'Thoy all Lovo Jack,' Mr. Andorson; Stump Speech, ' Tomporanco Ques- j tion,' Mr. Swoetnam ; Song, 'Queon of tho - Earth,' Mr. M'Coy; Song, ' Alono on the I Raft,' Mr. Tipper; Comic Song, Mr. Atkins; | Comio Song, ' Tho Doath of Nelson,' Mr. 1 Schachtol; Song, 'Threo ^ittlo. Maids,?' ' Mr. Warron; Comic Song, Mr. Swcetriam; Song, ' Soldier and a Man, Mr. W. Brewstor; Song, *' London Bridgo ' (by speoial request), Mr. M'Coy. Tiie * Metropolitan Snow.~Tho Royal i Agricultural Sociotiy's annual oxhibition formed one of tbo Eastor attractions of tho rootropolta this year and was formally oponod by tho Governor, Lord Jersey,' on Thursday last with great eclat. Amongst South Coast and Illawarra prizo winners woro tho following:— Horsos, blood stock (miscellaneous classes) H. Frodricks. (Stallions) Messrs. Spinks Brothors* ' Harry,' In cattlo somo magnificont animals woro shown in the Jorsoy soction, as also iu tho 'Dairy cattle, any brood.' In tho termor 'section Wtr. D. IJjom socured ono of jfjio.-champion awards, that for bull ono ypar oJd and undor two yoars. Tho samo gentleman also sccurod socond prize for bull 13 yoars old and overwith his bull *' Roy,' besides taking tho following 'additional awards 'Heifer I yoar aud under.1 2 years ; D. Uyam,' ' Daphtio ' 1, D. Hyam, ' Blanche ' 2. In tho AyrshiroolassosthoBodalla -Company socurod first prizes for bull 2 yeara old and undor, bullono.j'oar.and under 2yoara(W. D. Warden of Milton socuring socond placo iu this soction) : cow throo yoars old and over in milk (' Beytrico ' 1 and champion, ' Jessio ' 2) ; cow throe yoars old and oyer -.in, calf, dry, ('Norma' I); hoifor or cow 2, vears old and under threo years (' Boauty ' i). Tho same company socurod first prizo in tho Jersey soction for hoifor or cow two years and :undor'. throo yenrs with 'Empress.' In dairy cn'ttlo any brood tho following awards woro inudo :^Bull throo yoars and ovor, Spinks Brothors, ''Sum' land champion; bull two yoars' and' uudor threo, John Lindsay 'Premior,' 1,. Bodalla Companj', Limited, 'Tho Earl ' 2 ; 'bull ono yoar old. and undor two, Bodalla . Company, Limited 'Marquis' 1, John Lindsay ' Loftus' 2; bull, calf uudor 12 months, Bodalla Com pany, Limited, 'Baron' 1 ; cow threo yoars and ovor, in milk, John Lindsay ' Honey comb' I and champion; John Lindsay ' Buttorcnp' 2 ; cow throo yoars old and over, in calf, dry, John Lindsay, ' Whitoback ' 1; Bodalla Company, Limitod, 'Mayflower' 2; heifer or cow two yoars old and under tbroo 'yoars, John Lindsay 'Ivy' 1, Bodalla Com pany, Limitod. 'Lady Purity 2nd,' 2; hoifor ono yoar old end uudor two yenrst Samunl M'Minn I ; Mr. Liudsn}' also secured 1st prizo with ' Pationco' for heifer 1-yoar old and undor2 years in the Ayrshire sention. Othor awards woro — Holstoins: Champion prize £10 10s, for tho host llolstoin bull oxhibitod, Bo* dulla Company, Liinite'l, '.Tauroau 2nd ' 1 ; champion prizo, £7 7s for tho best Uolstoin cow, exhibited* Bodalla Company, Limited 'Dairymaid' 2nd .1.— Fat stock: Fat cow, Durham, not moro than o yenrs old, Jnmes ?.Wilsou I. Mr. James Wilson secured tho champion prizo fOr tho best pen of five lambs oxhibitod. Tho Bodalla Company figured -largely in,, tho prizo list' for pigs .and- farm produco classes. In tho Hunting . section the only Shoalhnvon,'roprosontativo was Mr. II. I). Morton's '.Ba'ngo.' which, ontnro'l, for tho Dittlt/ TcIeyrnph ilunlOTs' Plnto.Conipoti-' tion, aneut which a 3y(lnoy jourhnj sajs that 'Rathor too much spirit was shown' by .Mr. Morton's chostnut. gelding, and he wont at tho obstacles a littlo too rashly knocking ono of thom down. IIo baulked throo timos at tho third fence, and was obliged to rotiro ftum tho contest.' 