TWO USES FORl A CANE. A well dressed man, says the New York Sun, who sat in a forward row at the Star Theatre, lifted the head of a handsome silver headed walking stick to his right car the mo ment the curtain rose and kept it there all through thoe play. A tiny curved silver tube projected from the handle and fitted easily in the orifice of his ear. " What are you trying to do with that stick'.' asked a man behind him who had watched him with constant increasing curi osity. the man turned the point of the handle' towards the questionerand the question was repeated. . . "Oh,"hians'wered, "this isa new stle of ear trumpet. It is made for people who are. hard of hearing and don't want to carry around an ear trumpet with them everywhere they go. The handle, as you see, is hollow and carries the sound just like a regular ear trumpet, and it isn't a bit clumsy. When I'm through using it as an car trumpet I press the little ear tube back against the handle and then 1 have a walking stick that nobody would ever dream was an ear trumpet." What is the best way for a man who is a bad rider to show himself "off"? Usn doubtedly the best way is to get on a spirited horse.. No Doonr OF IT.-'And, pray, why didn't you put new buttons on my shirts l' asked Oatmeal of his washerwoman. Shure, sir, because it's moself was 'hinkin' ye'd be afther needin' new shirts to the buttons.' 'AnE you going to Qaeenscliffe this sum. mer 1' asked one young woman of another 'No,' was the reply. 'I don't think it would be of any use. Susio and Bessie both got married last season, and 1 don't suppose that pa could support another husband.' KNOWLEDE IS PowER.-' Utncle Iastis are you afraid of ghosts?' 'Yessir. I dean' like ghosses.' 'Well, I merely wanted to warn you that my chiken house was haunted.' 'Haunted? No, sah,, 'taint, I done been dar 'fore dis, honey.' Nor TO ?e WosnesseID Ar.-Mabel 'How pale the moon is!' Josephus 'Yee; it has been out until quite late for several nights.' DEALING IN FtruoES.-lBrown-' You may laugh at Beatleigh, but lie's no fool. He knows his A, UB, C.' Fogg-'Ho may know them, but all the letters he has use for of late years are I, O, U.' 