DRESS VEUSCS CLOTHES. (" Spectator.") Alan,according totho "NationalObserver, is a two-legged animal, whose chief claim to beauty lies in the possession of two leg3. Over the loveliness of the nether limbs the writers lose themselves in a moat poetical rhapsody, and implore their readers to veil no longer those shapely extremities by the t use of bag-like pipings, but to encase them once more in the tightness of silk and satin, ! and so give back to the world the pleasing | sight of well-moulded forms. It would be | useless to remind these lovers of breeches '■ and stockings that it is not everyone that ! possesses a shapely leg, or that yearns to | display it; but at least we might bog them to consider the difference in point of comfort that exists between a garment that has to be drawn on like a glove, and a garment into which one may lightly leap. Moreo\ er, we fail to seo why our arms should bo any less worthy of attention and admiration than our legs, or why the owner of a splendid biceps should be denied an opportunity accorded to the owner of brawny calves. Let them con sider, too, the usefulness and variety of a man's pockets,thodifficulty that ho even now experiences in stowing away his manifold possessions, and how painfully that difficulty would be increased by tightness of clothing. As to the dull monotony of our black even ing wear, that also saves our pockets in another sense. It may be true that we stalk like " melancholy and spectral visions to the dinner-table," but most of us would be still more melancholy if we had to provide our selves with several new suits of coloured finery in the course of the year. And in what colours should we array ourselves ? Should a man dress in red or green according to his political convictions, or show himself in blue or rose-colour according to the state of his feelings ? " Motley's the only wear," said melancholy Jaques, and so it would be for men who cared to exchange the solid qualities of black cloth for the varied hues of frail silk. It is no crime to love bright colours. One of the most lovable, and also one of the mott foolish of men, Oliver Goldsmith, frankly confessed that ho did not wish to go into the Church because he was fond of coloured clothes. He presented himself to be examined for ordination in % pair of scar let breeches ; and when better days dawned upon him, lie immediately blossomed into the glories of blue silk and plum- coloured velvet. But we should remember also that Gold smith's tailor, the patient Mr. Filby, was never fully paid, and that the greater part of his financial troubles, that so embittered his life, was due to his indulgence of that harmless vanity. Its inexpensive simplicity and its durability are not in the least merits of our present costume. How many bodies are clothed by one suit of sturdy cloth? Long after we have discarded that outer husk, it is carried by others through the world, pass ing from back to back until it adorns the farmer's stick and protects his corn from the thieving crows. " The Sanhedrim of stain less ghosts," as Teufeisdrockh calls an old clothes shop, would bo ill-stocked with silk coats and satin breeches ; assuredly they would be of little use to our pooler brethren. But the mention of Herr Teufeisdrockh reminds one of tho account of genesis of clothes given by one who went more deeply into their philosophy than any other thinker. " Clothes too, which began in foolishest love of ornament, what have they not become !" To ornament there succeeded bodily comfort, warmth,and sense of security ; and then,and not till ten, did the idea of shame enter into and abide with us, bringing all manner of civilisation in its train, " Clothes gave us individuality, distinctions, social polity : Clothes have made men of us;" but,continues the philosopher, " they are threatening to make Clothes-screens of us." No, we have no wish to be converted into Clothes-screens: let our clothes meet the requirements of shame, of comfort, and of warmth; let them convey tho idea of distinction where it is necessary ; and the soldier flame in scarlet, tho Judge wear his ermine, and tho Bishop rejoice in his apron ; but do not let us revert to the age of " foolishest or nament,". and think of thom merely ^as de corations. In a certain sense, we are " ashamed to dress," and we are not in tho least ashamed to confess it. We have advanced beyond the primitive meaning of clothes, and would think shame to ourse'ves for wishing to return to it. Even if we wero minded to make the attempt, we are far more likely to make ourselves objects of derision than of admiration, to add to the gaiety of the world in a way that was least flattering to our self respect, and to turn the jest of our days merrier at our own expense. After all, what is there to complain of in our present dress ? The much-abused tall hat would be every whit as picturesque as a feathered cap, were it not for the difference of associations con nected with it; and, as it is, is a much more serviceable defence for the head. It is only when they try to be ornamental, and break out into coachman's buttons and strange flaps, that our coats are hideous ; as long as they are cut loosely for our corrfort, they are quite good-looking enough. It is true that neither the frock-coat nor the dress-coat looks very well upon a gentleman who is shaped balloon-wise ; but it would be the fortuno of tho too rotund to look grotesque even in a "toga." 