TO THE DELEGATES OF 'THE FEDERAL CONVENTION- . AH OPEH LETTER BY HENRY COPELAND, 11. P. Gentlemen, — Now th»t tho preliminary singes of tfce Conference are past, and sub-committees have retired to hatch out a Federal Constitu tion Bill, n fow words about that "lion in the path " may not be out of place, hecauso that soon as tho committee resumes to consider tho hill in dotail. I may say at onco that he is of the Royal Beogal species. I hare seen him before on several occasions and in the same place, bnt he is not np to much now when you face him ; in fact, he is only a spectral lion, tha mere shadow of a quadruped long since gone to his fathers, though I don't dispute tho fact of his having been a terrible old man later in his day and generation. This spectral illusion goes by the name of the "People's Eights," but If yon now so much as prick him with a bodkin be will vanish into thin air. The roar of this old lion, of which wo now only hear tho dimmest of echoes, used to take soma such form as " taxation and representation mnst go together," " the power of the people is the powor of tho pnrse." I would, however, ask, in the name of all that is sensible, where in this free land of Australia (now that 'Western Australia has obtained its constitntion) will yon find Buy other power, or even shadow of powor, than tho "power of tho people"? If every particle of political power, of every conceivable form was collected from each colony ef Australia and put in tho crucible, where would you find after the most careful analysis the slightest traco of any counteracting or antagonistic power ? Would not tha result be " power of tha people" in its .purest form P Why, then, all this fear of entrusting a second federal Chamber with sensible, jndicions and rational powers of legislation ? If you, as re presenting the peoplo, say, " We will have two federal chambers" and the people endorse yonr recommendation, will not the second Chamber be the creation of the people equally with tbe first or Lower Chamber, and being the creation of the peoplo must not its life's breath be the voice of tbe people ? Moreover, if the peoplo have the power to create, then, on tho principle of the- greater including the less, they (the people) mn3t also have tbe power of amending at any time, if found necessary, a constitution created by themselves. The days of nsnrping the power of the people have passed into ancient history ; bnt, if this bo not the case, pray, good delegates, be kind enongh to nnmask the usurper I Have some of yon, unknown to the public, been gnilty of secretly harboring some crafty and unscrnpulons monarch, or have yon im ported a batch of old-fashioned and rapacious barons ? If snch is not the case and yon are all, as you profess to be, loyal to the liberties of the people, then I ask, where is this old lion to be found iu tho flesh ? If alive his lair most be sought for in tho land of the Bunyip. I think, however, he is as dead as the marble man, for in all the wide domain of Australia no power does or ever can exist bnt the power of the psople, fully and freely expressed. Yon are deputed to frame a federal constitu tion for the people of Australia. Then, may I ask, " why seek ye the living among the dead ?" for assuredly Bome of your speeches appear redolent with tho dead hones of King John. Why eoek inspiration from tbe spirits of onr early progenitors or search for political pre cedents in the doadhonee of the forefathers of onr nation instead of originating for yonrselves methods snitable to tbe altered circumstances of the twentieth century ? Apparently yqn aro unanimous in approving a second Federal Chamber, yet an opinion seems largely to prevail that seaond Chambers are haunted by eome demoniacal agency — some invisible or inscrutable powor antagonistic to the welfare and interests of the peoplo as a whole. W hy, then, have a second Chamber ? Is it not because aotnal experience has taught you that in addition to the re- deliberative and revising powers of TJpper Chambers, they have freqnently stood between the Lower Chamber and the people and prevented hasty and unwise legislation until cooler and wiser counsels pre vail. It may, on the other hand, be freely admitted that at times a second Chamber ha3 delayed, and for the timo being defeatedi useful legislation ; bnt are Lower Chambers free from all reproach? Do tbey always represent the people ? If so, then It mnst be sheer folly to dissolve and "go to the peoplo "bo frequently. If you cannot claim nbsoluto representation of the people for tbe Lower Chamber, why expect it for the Upper Chamber. Are we to wait for Federal Australia until political institutions are discovered perfect in all their parte and scientifically accurate in tboir detail workings ? If so, the race will have aoased to be hnman, 'and having become divine will probably be able to dispense with politics. The question is, do we or do wo not require the services of a second chamber at critical jnnctures, or is it only when politics are plain sailing that we are to avail ourselves of the matured wisdom of Australia. Would any sago councillor advise his country " to be exceed ingly cantlons abont passing nnimportant laws, and for that purpose to be sure and provide a second Chamber, to carefully criticise, discuss, and, if thought necessary amend, or perchancs even rejsot bills of secondary importance, but when the most critical junctures arise ; when bills affecting the vital int&reBtsof; thoStato are under discussion, when millions of money are to be voted, perhaps for unwise expenditure or may be taxation of an inequitable character, or to an unjust extent is to be levied on tho people, then, under those aircnmstances, be sure yon raise the ghost of tho old lion aud twist his tail till he gives his ancient roar, deprive your second Chambor of every vestige of power and trust the whole Issue to the Lower Chamber only. It is true that that Chamber may not be in complete accord or in accord at all with the majority of tbe people, yet whenever tho storm gathers or dangers arise the peoplo mnst shut their eyes, open their mouths and uncomplainingly swallow what tbo Lower Chamber sends thorn. I would, in deed, advise you on these occasions (but only by way of a joke) to send Bnch bills to tho Upper Chamber and allow them to bo read for their edification, bnt nnder no possible circum stance should they be allowed to interfere with these measures or amend them in any way." I ask again, woald any wise man deliberately advise his conntry to act in this way ? Yet tbis is an acourate interpretation of the modern roar of this old spectral lion. Would any cap tain other than the captain of a State ship take the precaution of engaging two watches of men, so as to ensure the safety of his vessel as far as possible, and then, though he made use of both watches in fine weather, yet as soon as bad weather threatened or the coaet became dangerone, would he, I ask, If in his sober senses, batten down the second watch and so deprive himself of their services at a timo when shipwreck might be imminent, especially when he know that most of these men were old, staid hands, who knew every bolt and rope in the ship from the keel to the truck, while many of thoso he kept on dock hnd hardly learned the points of the compass or knew how to laks a reef In the topsails ? As a matter of course, you all agree that money bills should originate in the Lower Chambor. This position needs no bolstering with ancient arguments. Happily, however, wo have no king likely to levy troops or go to war without tbo people's consent, nor hare wo a nobility intent on shunting all Slate burdens on to tbe sbouldors of the people so that they, tbe privileged class, might escape their legitimate contributions. Common sense, however, dictates to us that whilst all power of taxation and expenditure must emanate from the poople, whether centred to a greater or a less extent in oither Chamber, yet the power to originate such measures could not possibly rest with two separate Chambers at one and tho samo timo, no matter how constituted. Othcrwiso ons Chamber might be discussing tbe raising of revenue by one method while tbo other Chamber proposed tho vory reverse, and as to expenditure wo should be sure to have the candle burning at both ends. It in hardly necessary to Bay that this procedure is dis tinctly enforced by our Coastitntion Act, which proridCB that all snch bills "shall originate In the Legislative Assembly." But having pro vided for their origination the Act is absolutely silent as to their subsequent treatment in either Chamber, evidently intending no further distinction to bo drawn betweon these and other bills of an ordinary charaotor. A similar silence, lending to diverse interpretations, is, however, not likely to occur In any bill drawn by politicians so tolly alive as yonraelvoa to the dangers of tnUconstrnctlng snch an tmpost tant constitutional provision, and. whatavel courso is decided on in this respect should, ovet at the expense of an additional clause, bfl clearly and explicitly sot forth. It does not follow that an apple is not whole- soma fruit beeanso it differs from an orange, or that a mill won't grind equally good fioni whether driven by wind, water, steam or electricity, and by tho same reason ing a nominee or semi- nominea Cham ber may equally represent the poaple'l opinions, although not eleated nnder. what happens nt present to bs onr electoral system, for choosing Its members of the Lower House. If two Chambers are ohosen by a Bimilar pro- . cess, then in the same ratio that yon eqnaliss the franchise between the twu Chambers bo you develop thu apirit of antagonism, becanat . each may then fairly claim to equally represent-; the opinions of the people. If the elective By stem is adopted for tbe second Chamber at well as the first, then the question arises whether it would not be bettor to have three Chambers than two, as iu that case Lower House would bo pretty euro to have one of the others in accord, and the majority would rule. Yon can, however, seenre all the good possible or desirable to bo obtained from a Bocond Chamber by adopting a nominee system, for, < however paradoxical it may appear to some, its ' comparative weakness, while giving it strength enough for good, will prevent it resisting too frequently the mare powerful Chamber, and its independence of temporary, social and political excitementB will prove a tower of Btrength is - tbe people's best interests If, then, such a Chamber is.to be really useful when most needed, it should clearly havo the power of a first amendment or rejection. If these powera should be exercised in such a manner that the Lower Chamber could not acquiesce and yet deemed the passing of the measure as of vital importance, a special session could be imme diately summoned to deal with that particular bill, which could again be passed through , the ordinary stages ia both Houses, and if again refused by the Upper Chamber both Houses shonld sit together and let the majority of the combined Chambers decide tho whole question. Of coarse there is nothing now in this sngges- tion, but I have always thought it the most- v simplo aud practical method of avoiding a dead- .; lock. There is no great need for an appeal to the country, for whether the" country is in favor, or against that particular proposal ot the Lower . Chamber ta6 people have a clear, ringing voice in the press, through which tbey will soon make themselves heard, and in any case the policy could bo reversed at the next general election. In conclusion your humble servant has every confidence that yon will provide ue with a con stitntion clean cut and rigid in its definitions, but with provisions so elastic that without rupture it can be expanded or contracted from time to time by the developed will of tha the people, and your names will then remain for ever green in our history. . - 