BOUND HAND ™- FOOT. BY THE - AUTHOR OP 'THEMiXDbi'TfflEJfAEBLk HEAET/' &c;, &O4; Taix bights besebyed.1 [Commenced in tlie EvENnra News of Saturday, Sept. £6.3 PART IL CHAPTER VII— (Cootinebd.) tl Of the life he's been leading — of America,*' added Le Martin, with a sudden energy, as if to recall the former reason, and again he averted his face, this time with such an expression of pain that Ger trude asked no more. ' Well, good-bye,' she said, and looked straight in his handsome face and smiled her sweetest smile without a quiver. He held his hat in Mb hand as he pressed the hand of Gertrude, and seemed reluctant to let it go. Descriptions paid. But heaven help her. There was a man to drive the peace out of a woman's heart for ever I ft Good-bye, and may we often meet in j dreams. Shall I tell you — it's my last chance — what I've called you ever so long ? You won't snub jne — no, you 'never snub ' Yes, tell me.' ' St. Gertrude. Good-bye, St. Gertrude.' She could not answer him ; for by the time she had swallowed that lump in her rhroat he was gone. But -he looked back when 20 yards off, and could not see the glistening tears which now would have their way. He only saw a smiling face, a waving handkerchief, and Heard, ' Good bye, Sir Knight.' part in. CHAPTER L — Another Outlook. Barbara was buried a week ago, two mourners following her to the grave — an old man and a young one, both of, whom were sad and very silent. Frank Le Martin is on his way to America. Gertrude is remaining yet another week at The Warren, and her father is staying there also for the same time. Then they are to return to their house in Dinminster, and Gertrude is to recommence giving lessons. She has already sent out her prettily designed circulars and written to her old pupils. Mr. Willersley, though his hand remains useless, and now there are even hints dropped by the surgeon about amputation, is more tranquil in his mind than might be expected. He has unmistakably had some great weight taken off his mind. * He now seems to have no acute anxiety about ways and means. One reason may be that he is a Freemason; he has been one for 30 years, and is now plainly pre vented from earning a penny. That is only a suggestion. I know nothing about Masons. I may be even depreciating the order in imagining it, as I always do, the biggest and most magnanimous insurance company in the world. Another reason may be that Frank Le Martin is his banker. He had expressed a wish to be, and to give him unlimited credit. ; One thing is certain. He has in his possession — Le Martin handed them to him a day or two before he left — £300 in bank xxotes. This £800 is for Algernon Briuklough; to whom I must now return. In the numberless hours which Mr. Wil lersley spent with Le Martin, of course he told him. a great deal about himself. He told him about his little fortune invested in paintings and the loss of it, details full of peculiar pain for Frank Le Martin. He told him of his incessant labors and mad investments to regain it. He told him how Brinklough, step by step, had led him to bankruptcy, again making Le Martin inwardly curse the inan for his part in hip brother Philip's ruin, fie had made him lose several thousand pounds. But Mr. Willersley never told his friend about the counterfeit pictures. He only told him he owed Brinklough £300. Perhaps his reluctance to appear so base in the eyes o£ the one friend he now had, prevented him. Perhaps it was a morbid fear that Gertrude would come to know of it. Perhaps it was only the inherent weakness and procrastination of his nature that delayed him until events happened which promised to spare him the pain. For now it seemed that the purloined pictures were really to b» returned. Mr. 'Willersley is going t© Dinminster this very afternoon to see Algernon Brinklough, who is again at his old rocms. If Brinklough is the man he was when we last saw him, may Nicholas Willersley'e guardian angel be very near him ! Pehaps he is not ; he may be better. Perhaps, if not a better man, circumstances may have forced him into acts that will bring good to his enemy, as the very demon of the storm will sometimes hurl a leaking barque close tp its haven, And; surely Nicholas Willersley has been driven by the winds and tossed more than enough. But before going with Mr. Willerfley to Algernon BrinkloughV roomg we 5ft4st glance backwards for a few moments. However did Algernon Brinklough d&ve; to '? show hie face to Mr. Willersley again P Well, he did. He spent a great deal of time in finding out My. Willersley's move ments, seized an opportunity when he was quite alone, and found t&e;, jpesi of bis task easy. , ... He had a very eiapla proposition to make ; let me briefly describe the oeeiw rence. It happened abput a week , before Barbara died, Mr. Willersley waB walking tip and down the railway station, waiting for the train. He was going to see Barbara when Brink-' lough walked up to him, looking certainly a very different w&p;, pom y?hm we lait »&w; Mm. /+/.-' --'-'?„--- -,-. ? His ewaggecrfcurd- veoislied— even his self-confidence seemed to have deserted Mm. He was very poorly, «ven jsshabbiiy, Pressed, and looked tin wall in. health. Mr, Wi^leraley's first glance was Qne of fevaUion* even dread j and yet he yr%a npt altogether sorry to eee Jjfon.' Ha.cL'Ve »©t 1-een wondoring every day |or nearly tbrea montha- when this mooting would oome, and what would be- 4he retult of it ? Only the fact that BrinUlougK had not claimed his £300 allow bd him. to £«el Mta« Mourity against the police with those pictures still in his possession. 'Mr. Willerelevi' %& began, .without offering to shake hands, ' I know you hate* the sight of me. - I only want to say one word to you. The sham. Renwoods* will be in my rooms again in a week. I want you to bring the real ones, put them in the frames, go with me to Mrs. Silversides, and see them hung up. : After: that you can take the copies and do what you like with them ; I won't keep them, And then will you please give me that £300. Another year at the. rate I was going, and I should have been in gaoL I won't say what I should have brought you .to, and I won't say that all this is the work of conscience, though Heaven knows, it any man had ever cause to repent of ids sins, I've had it.' * He talked quickly, looked very wretched, and seemed as if he would like to say much more. The train had now come in, but Mr. Willersley seemed not to heed it. M 'When shall I come ? How shall we take them ?' he answered, the color coming into his face with excitement. ** Are you— are you going by this train, Mr. Willersley? May I go with you ? and I will tell you everything,' So sfeakingf without waiting for an answer, Brinklough hurried away. Re turning- with a ticket in his hand, he joined Mr. 'Willersley as he was getting into a carriage — an empty carriage— and again they entered into very earnest conversa tion. This arrangement for a conversation had been plotted and timed to a nicety* The sum of Brinklough' s statement, at first rapidly poured out, was this : Mrs. Silversides was ill ; if she died,, it might be impossible to return the pictures without a confession— that his anxiety, which had affected his health (it was affected), had been so great that he was tempted to leave England and let Mr. Wil lersley shift for himself with the pictures j but he wanted that £300. His ridiculous threat to put that promissory note in cir culation* could, never have been executed. Of course it would have exposed every thing and put him in prison. Besides all that, he could not leave England without the utmost risk. He liad been in Din minster all the time. He was in Dinminster when his landlady said he was abroad. He was terribly in debt, and otherwise in the hands of associates who would be only too glad to ruin him j.t they could find any means of doing so. In short, he 'was en tirely now at Mr.Willereley's mercy, except that Mr. Willersley was himself in danger of the law, though that was his fault. His matrimonial prospects had entirely collapsed, and now the only means he could look forward to were £80 a year from a situation which had been promised him. If Mr. Willersley would let him. put back those pictures, without delay and without any confessions, the fear of which had so haunted him this last two mouths, even before Mrs. Silversides was taken ill, he might yet be saved from ruin. Such was the substance of Brinklough's statements, and Mr. Willersley lost no time in assuring him that the one thing he lived for was to get those pictured back into their frames. He also assured Brink lough he would find him his £300, a pro mise which made him start with pleasure, for though he had asked for it be did not seem, to have expected it . Such was the master, thepe two men, who one would have thought were on intimate terms again, discussed with excited interest until the train stopped at the station before that where M*#. Willersley usually alighted, about a mile and ft half distant. Here Mr. Willersley remembering that Gertrude would be almost sure to meet him, proposed they should get out and walk. They had still much to arrange, and seemed as if they could talk for an hour. So they walked and talked until in another five minutes they would have been at The Warren itself. And there at one end of Fleetdeer Wood, remote from Aggy's cottage, screened from all observation, they sat down on a felled tree, and still went on talking. It was a beautiful spot, more fitted to inspire poetry than to offer ft retreat for such a confab as theirs. : The song of birds and the sound of a waterfall, sweet, simple, and somniferous, was a strange accompaniment to their eager, excited talk. When at last Mr, Willersley was com pelled to leave and joffer such excuses as he could for getting out at the wrong sta tion, Brinklough's face liaft lost its wretchedness. He looked 50 per cent, better in health. Mr. WjLllersley'e avowal that he had not confessed a word to, a single soul, not even to Le Martin, drew from him even expressions of penitence, Mr, '? Wiilersley'e reflection that in another week he would really be free he had not been free it seemed fpr years and yearB — made him happy. On parting, these mea actually shook hands, the elder urging the younger, in earnest, heartfelt words, to be a different man, and, with eyes bent on the ground, he said he would b«^=hot )'? so different from what he was 3fee.n as, from what he nadbeen. '.'?..: That is retrospective j it happened a fortnight ago. Since then |£r, WiUersXey has seen Brinklough twice— once before Barbara's death and once after, Ajjd now the appointed time has pome. . JEftsiy thig eY§njffl^ke is going feom Th§ Warren to piuminelie'r— 46 the jooms 'where fhe and Le Martin had beeja living, under the care of that motherly housekeeper 4£rom The Warren, like fafhar and ion. Thence ne will take the pictures, securely f&atenadup; in , hie bedropm, to Algernon Brinklottga, Together they are to put them in their old frames -$&& take $kem straight off io Mrs. Silverside's house. Well does the old arttet know that house.. Many a time has he walked past itr allured by some strange inf&eaoe;— and glanced at the 'windows With shrinking teie ?or of the guilt which istildden taeje, CHAPTER XI,~^£4i-sips ®GBBq?t After a long nigfcfr of fmesfojH. wakeful ness and vtvid, fercksa dreams, fte rnotn ing cam© to Nichollui WtUo!T8ley«-*the long expected 'morning— wMch'' waB to issue In the day ot hie enianol|iai|ds* ~~ How tb*rt morning p&iseed;, or eeemed an it it -never would pain,, only Mr. Wttler«le|; knew.- But 'at Jenfetfe noon '&&a;»t $&«& lunoli j then, when 14* l^aiu end liinba : WftMftUkt -atiflftt»d mitix «btf%it, tfet 1*1*$ lovely June afternoon reached its softest, mellowest beauty. It was 2 o'clock, and Hr. Willersley was pacing up and down on the gravel before the ivied porch of The Warren waiting for Gertrude. t3h« was going with him to the station, and the trap was to meet him on his re turn. ' ' ? ?? ' ? '? ' ' '' ''; Soon Gertrude appeared on the step; 'How beautiful at that moment would any one else have thought her. But her father had other thoughts. He did not even notice the slight shadow of disappointment which crossed her face at his absent minded reception of her greeting. Usually Gertrude had tp wait for him. :ju Why, papa, we've loads of time. It's hardly 2. Where is your stick? And oh, just look at your hat I' WitH this she disappeared in the house again, heir father calling after her ' Never mind, Gertrude.' ? Almost in the same second'she appeared again with a walking stick in one hand, and a hat-brusli in the other, and a minute later they walked down the avenue— Gertrude talking and smiling and looking up into her father's face, and Mr. Willers ley stepping more quickly, and it seemed more firmly than usual, replying without much attention to what she said, Gertrude had of ten — very often — known her father quite as absent, and she only attributed Ms increased energy to the in creased health which The Warren had given him. . ?'?'.= So she chatted away at times ; and at times walked silently beside him, with her own thoughts, her face, too, ivery reflective and very sad, but not troubled. When they were half way to the station they overtook the old gentleman in breeches and blue frock coat, whom Gertrude nodded to as he got out of the train some time ago. He had turned round just before they reaohed him, and was waiting for them. 'This is grand weather for you, Mr. Eickyard I' said Gertrude, 'Uncommon fine, miss/' said the old. farmer, who had touched (his hat as they approached, and now held it in his hand, wiping his forehead with a red and blue handkerchief which he ha&jbaken; from the croWn of it. ' A beautiful view,' said Mr. WiUersley, who was now glad to fall into an easier walk, and reverted unconsciously to a familiar theme, though hasiiad not seen an object on the way. ' Well, yis,' eaid the old farmer, ' I suppose it is — leastwise, to them as sees it ; but it's ill fattening on a fine pictur. What I like to see is a green field yvi' eome fat cattle in it. Look at that wood there — 30 acre. An' what does it, bring in a quarter ? It takes 80 years to grow one o' them beeches, an' tK poachers are a nuisance to t' neighborhood.' 'Poachers!' said Gertrude, ' It Is not as I'm agin a bit o' poachin' so much when it's done fair like for a bit of a supper, but it's them skulkin', thievin' ways it gets 'em into. When a man poaches reglar he'll do ziowt else. An' what do they get for 't up at t' Warren ? A caution $ an' if they've got uncommon poor clothes on, a breakfast after it,' Gertrude smiled, and so did her father very faintly as they both east their eyes towards Fleetdeer Wood. . ' It's very 4ense,' said Mr. Willersley, '-? ' It is that there, and mighty dark if you go through it at night~-not that I wag ever af eared, though there is them assays there's summat in it worse nor poachers.'' *- What P'» asked Gertrude, with new interest. ?« Why? ¥ve just been talking to Betsy Hidges, an' that's what made me think on it ; not that Betsy's nxuch to go by? for ; she's esumznat of a old witch. jBy Guy! she's 100, and reckons to cure everything wi' drops o' water out of a bottle as big as your thumb, which she calls ' home o' hopperty,' ' ' But what has she been telling you, Mr. B,iokyard?'? *« Well, Miss, if I mnn tell you, she wur say in' as t' old squire's a walkin' agen.' ' What ?' said Gertrude ; *? a gkoab | Mr. Le Martin's father 1' ' Lord, bless you, Miss ! he died, or he wur found dead i' that wood 50 years afore I wur born, an' I'm 78 ! — 78 come the day after quarter-day^ — an' I haven't seen a doctor- fur fowarty year; no, nor any o' Betsy Bidge's *? home o' hopperty,' neyther.' . ' But you don't believe in ghosts, Mr. Backyard p' asked Gertrude. ** Well ; no, Miss^—leastwise, I'm not afeared of 'em y tho' I man own that when £ wur courtin' i' that wood-r-an' that weren't yesterday — my Susan, God bless her 1 she weren't mine the.n, tho' she were after, for 60 year—she clutched my arm and pointed to $' cottage — old Aggy's cottage they call it i+o\v. WeU, I looked, but X couldn't see nowt, unless it were t' last gleam through t' winder (as I thought) when they put t' candle out. But my Susan, she said (as she said to her dyin' day) it were t* old square, A&* sure enou^i, that I mun acknowledge, there were fk death at t' Warren & week after, as they spy there ailus Is, when tf eJd*j5qaire's a-walkip.' ™=-— *' ** A»d wgiiid it appeaj,' asked G©¥$rude, with a euplous, ^Ipipst ludieroug interest, «? if any L© Msiftfe died at a distanqe ?» *' Well, that Mips, I oaft'^ sayi JTow, %V». very queer, 1-ut I pijverh^ard feat qtwption asked *aforey An^ Jhere'f m© he Martin at t' Wasaa Jua$jaQw» 8y :..Qfa?9 H Til fix Betsy next time. I eee hev,p (TO Bfi CQRTmVm,) 