THE DAY OF REST, EVERLASTING LOVE REVEALED. A Sermon, by C. H. Spukgeon. " The Lord hath appeared of old onto me, saymg. Yea, I have loved thee with an everlasting love; therefore with loving kindness have 1 drawn thee."—Jeremiah xxxL 3. Thus speaks the Israel of God. She seems to wake up as if she had long been asleep, and had forgotten a grand fact—a tact which she ought to have treasured up in her fondest memory. Sud denly starting into recollection, she cries, "The Lord hath appeared of old unto me." How strange that she should bare forgotten it. Her spiritual lethargy bad dimmed her memory, and caused her to feel and act as if it were not true, as if ber God had never revealed Himself to her. Then she saw with amazement that, notwithstanding all the heavy chastisements which the Lord had sent her, ana notwithstanding all her backBlidings, there wasstill a hope of mercy, nay, there was the certainty of it; for the unchanging God had said, " Yea, I have loved thee with an everlasting love." Are any of yon forgetful or unaware of the sacred truth? Has it never occurred to you that God has spoken to His people? Though you are a child of God, have you been taken up with so many interior things that you have let go the blessed jinemory of former appea rances of the Lord to your soul? May the Holy Spirit arouse you at this time? May there come a blessed awakening hour to your drowsy spirits. I shall handle the text, first, by calling your attention to the marvellous appearing—"The Lord hath appeared of old unto me;" secondly, to the matchless declaration—" Saying, Yea, I have loved thee with an everlasting love;" and thirdly, to the manifest evidence of this love—"Therefore with loving kindness have f drawn thee." May the Holy Spirit be poured forth, anointing every word I speak with divine unction, and may this discourse be precious to his people. I, First, consider the marvellous appearing— "The Lord hath appeared of old unto me." Here are two persons; but how different In degree! Here we have "me," a good- for-nothing creature, apt to forget my Lord, and to live as if there were no God; yet He has not ignored or neglected me. There Is the High and lioly One, whom the Heaven of heavens cannot contain, and He has appeared unto me. Between nie and the great Jehovah there have been communications; the solitary silences have been broken. " The Lord' liath appeared," hatb appeared " unto me." He has looked through the window. He lias shown Him self through the lattices. " The Lcrd bath appeared." Hundreds in this house of prayer can each one say, without doubt or hesitation, "The Lord hath appeared unto me." J'orhaps of late the Lord has manifested Himself to you as He doth not unto the world, and even if it lias not been so just now, yet there was a happy time, now in the old long ago, when you saw the Lord. This is a very wonderful thing, that Jehovah the eternal should reveal Himself to the creature of an hour, thai the thrice holy should speak to the greatly guilty. .See, here we have " the Lord" and •'me;" and between these two this is the golden link, a n appearance in infinite love; " The Lord hath appeared uutome." That the All Glorious should put in au appearance amongst Bis angels, and unveil Himself to cherauim and seraphim, I can more easily under stand; but it is incomprehensible that the Creator of the ends of the earth, of whose understanding there is no searching, should visit me, a sinful child of man. Yet this which surpasses under standing lis undoubtedly true. My brethren, we have enjoyed the supernatural, we have risen out of the region of materialism into the spirit realm, where God dwells and condescends to commune with mortal men. IV e can say " Tile Lord hath appeared unto me." It was needful that lie should do so, for nothing but His appearing could have scattered our darkness, removed our death, and brought us salvation. It needed that He should appear; tor nothing but a vision of His love could have won our iiearts for Himself, and dolivered them from the fascinations of this present evil world. Tell it out among the sceptics and the earthworms. "The Lord hath appeared unto mo." I care not who questions it, for the results of His gracious visit are in my nature and my life. The event is recorded in the diary of wy memory in indelible ink; hut it is also writ-ten in my soul, and the experience of every day deepens the inscription. Is not this even as the Lord promised of old, " tliey shall all know Me, from the least of them unto the greatest of them?" Furthermore, "The Lord hath appeared of old nnto me" in the person of His Sou. God came to each believer in Christ Jesus. God came in bound less love to each one of us as " Immanuel, God with us." Towards each one of us He " took upon Him the form of a serraut, and bumbled Himself, and became obedient unto death, even the death of the cross." Listen, my heart. In His manhood and humiliation the Lord God appeared to tliec; on the cross thy Lord Jesus showed Himself to thee in love. How thou hast found it out, is it not a glorious dis covery ? It was not only for the innumerable multi tude that Jesns died, but for thee, my soul, for thee. I wish, beloved, we could evermore look upon Jesus as God's embodied love to us—to as in particular. Will you take a faith view of Jesus at this time as dying for sinners, and for you as a sinner in par ticular? Say " Yes, eighteen hundred years ago and more the Lord in the person of His dear Son appeared unto me in Gethsemane and on Calvary as my Lord and my God and yet my substitute and .Saviour." Now, my friends, we hold this appearance in pre cious memory—"The Lord hath appeared of old unto me." Many things are preserved in the trea sure-house of memory, but this is the choicest of our jewels. How gracious, how glorious was the ap pearance of God in Christ Jesus to our soul I God, full of mercy—God, mighty to save—God, the salva tion of His people—what a sight is this I There was nothing like it at the first; there is nothing it now. Nothing that has ever been discovered by us since has borne comparison in preciousness to that marvellous manifestation of Lite ever-loving God. Time may obliterate a thousand memories, but it can never wear away the recollecLion of the Lord's appearances nnto us. This appearance came in private assurance. To me it was as personal as it was sure. I used to hear the preacher, but then I beard my God; I used to see the congregation, but then I saw him who is in visible. I used to feel the power of words, but now 1 have felt the immeasurable energy of tlieir sub stance. God himself tilled aud thrilled my soul. Through and through His almighty love pierced my heart. I know t hat some of you think that if God were to show Himself to you, as he did to Moses or Fli.iuh, it would bo a vast blessing to you; but the Lord's present appearances are not a whit less com- ' fortius and establishing. Manifestations b|t His word and spirit are by no means Becond in value to those of a miraculous sort. In no case can God, who Is pure spirit, be seen of the eye; He is only known by our spirit; and therefore His spiritual appear- j ings are all we should desire. Ob, the encompassing i of divine love, when it wraps us about, as a cloud enfolded the disciples on Tabor. When the sacred Iiand of love grasps our very heart wo feel the heavenly grip, and every part and power of our ! being is moved thereby. God has au indescribable way of putting Himself into communication with His people through Jesus Christ, by His holy spirit; aud when this occurs they eav, "The Lord hath appeared unto me." There is, then, no hearing and seeing for other people—" Hie Lord hatli appeared | unto me." Come, my brethren, shall wego back to j that time of love when first the Lord said to us, I "Live?" That was a word indeed! Then every word in the Bible seemed for us; when we went up to the house of God every hymn and Scripture lesson was forus; and when weiieaTdthesermon the Lord manifested Himself in it to us. "He loved me and gave Himself forme" was our daily song; for He had personally, and of a surety, drawn nigh unto our soul, and shed abroad His love therein by the j Holy Ghost, I cannot help calling your attention to the fact that the Lord came in positive certainty. The text does not say "I hoped so," or "I thought so;" but I " The Lord hath appeared of old unto me, saying." j She who spake thus saw the appearance and beard the speech. Brethren, he sure about ynnr spiritual experience. It. would be a horrible thing to leave J spiritual things a matter of question, or to regard them as visionary and uncertain. To me it is bliss to sav. "Itnowwhom T liavo believed." Mv emit to say, "Iknowwhomlhave believed." My soul cannot content herself with less than certainty. I j desire never to take a step upon an " if," or a " pcr o.Ivenfnn " I l.n„„ „«in c f adventure." I have often waited as to spiritual movements till I could find beneath my foot one of God's sballs and wills, upon which I could securely stand. I can never be content with the bare hope that I may be a child of God; I must have the Spirit bearing witness with my spirit that I am bom 1 of God. Give me infallible truth. I want facts, not, fancies. O beloved, let your experience be made up I of factSj and not of notions and ideas. Seek to use the plain, straightforward utterance of my text— "The Lord appeared of old nnto me, saying." If (hat be your case you are happy. If it be nut so you are in an evil plight, for you are evidently without I God, and therefore without hope. It. My second head is the roatchtossdeclaration— " The Lord liaih appeared or old unto me. s&jdiig.; Yea. 1 hate loved thee with an everlasting love. 1 do not want son at this moment so much to hear me and to consider my statement as to behold the ap pearance of the Lord, and enjoy for yonreelf per sonally, and at once, the gracious assurance of Here is awind from Cod of amazing love—Jehovjrr eaitli, " I have loved thee." Think it over. Boheve it .Stagger not at it If the bnsband should say to his wife, " I have lovod thee," she would believe him: it would seem only natural that he should do so. And when Jehovah says to you, a feeble woman, an unknown roan, " I have loved thee, He means it. This is no ttction. God means by lore wbatwe mean by it: only His love is higher, deeper, fuller, holier than onre can ever he Bookuig from His throne, the insufferable light of which your eye could not endure, Jehovah speaks in accents of you. that you are the object of the intense delight of the Most High, and what would yon have more? God's heart to you is love. Be amazed. Be enrap« tured with this 1 , . , Thus, dear friends, our test is a word of love in the past—"I have loved thee. We were rebels, and He loved ns. IVe were dead in trespasses and in eins. and He loved us. We rejecteilHis grace, and defied His warnings, but He loved us. We came eame to His feet all trembling and afraid, and He loved us, and washed us, and robed us. He loved 11s. and therefore He saved us. Since then we have been earthly, sinful, changeful, unbelieving, proud, foolish; but He has loved us without pause. We have been ill, and tacked with pain, but He has loved us. We have lost our dearest relatives by the Lord's hands, but even in this He loved us. Every thing has been in a whirl round about jj8!. but He has loved us with fixed affection. Our life has been a strange labyrinth, but He has loved us, and that love has been the clue of the maze. How sweet itis, beloved, to toll up the years gone by, and put them away wfth tins label-" Days of the loviug kindness °'xhe matchless declaration of the text is a voice of love in the present. The Lord loves the believer now. Whatever discomfort you are in the bora "Yea. t nave tuveu uioo " Everlasting" includes to-day. Things present are provided for as well as things to come. External circumstances do not change the lore of God, nor will your internal condition do so. Has he not said-"! am God; I change not?" Everlasting love makes no leaps and jumps so as to leave out tme day of trouble, and that hour of temptation. Even at this dark hour tliy name is on the heart ol thy The text is a voice of love in the future, Itiueans —" I will love thee for ever." God has not lovedus with a loi e which will die out after a certain length of time; liis love is like Himself, ' from everlasting to everlasting." If yon will read thechapter through to the end vou will see how God was about to deal with His chosen; He says—"I will build tliee, and thou shalt he built;" " He that scattered Israel will gather him;" " I wDl turn their mourning into joy; '• I will be their God, and they Bhall bB my people. These are oulflowings of a love winch goes on for ever. •' "Father, 'twas Thy lovo that knew us Earth's foundations long before; That same love to Jesus drew us By its sweet constraining power, And will keep us Safely now and evermore." It is a iov worth ten thousand worlds to have this assurance sealed in the heart by the Holy spirit— " I have loved thee with an everlasting love. This is a declaration oflove secured to us—secured in many ways. Did you observe in this chapter how the laird serines His love to His people, first by a covenant? Head the first verse—"I will bethe God of all the families ol Israel, and they shall be My people." See further on from verse thirty-one to thirty-four. The covenant is summed up in these words—" 1 will he their God and they shall be My people;" and if it be so the Lord's love must indeed be everlasting. God has pledged Himself to His saints by a covenant ol salt, "an everlasting covenant, ordered in all things and sure.' Ibo tenor of the covenant is, "I will, and they shall. How my heart delights in this! God loves me witli an everlasting lovo, and He embodies that love 'DFrather!th^"tevris"ecIiVe(Ihy relationship. Will you dart your eye on to [the ninth verse, aud read the last part of it? " I am a father to Israel, anil Epbraim is My firstborn." A man cannot get rid of fatherhood by any possible means. Ay .though my boy'should trespass and dishonour his fathers name, vet I am still his father. There is no getting out of this relationship by any conceivable method; and so, if, indeed, the Lord he unto thee a Father, He will lever give thee a father's love. In thine adoption and regeneration the Lord has avowed Himself to be thy Father, and has virtually slid, I have loved thee with an everlasting love." "Tile sou abidetb ever." " If children, then heirs. His love is pledged again by redemption. Bead the (eleventh verse—" For the Lord hath redeemed Jacob, and ransomed him from the band of him that was stronger than ho." Would you see them denture of God's covenant love? Behold it fin the indented hands and feet of the Crncified Redeemer. Bow shall Christ leave off loving His people when Be has their names graven on the palms of His hands'/ Redemption lias sealed everlasting love. That spear which found out His heart and set flowing its blood and its water lias killed all doubts as to the eternal endurance of our Lord's love. Front henceforth let no uian question our Weu Beloved; for Be bears in His body the marks of Bis everlast ing love. J esus Christ is the same yesterday, to-day, and forever, and Bis love to Bis chosen is at this time what it was before time begun. Once more, in this passage of the book oz the jjro' phet Jeremiah the Lord certifies His love to people in a very solemn w ay by calling heaven and earth to witness to it. Let me road from the thirty fifth verse:—11 Thus saith the Lord, which giveth the sun for alight by day, and the ordinances of the moon and of the stars for a light by night, which divided the sea when the waves thereof roar. The Lord of HostsisHis name,andiffcheseordiaances depart from before Me, saith the Lord, then the soirt of Isael also shall cease from being a nation before me for ever. Thus saith the Lord, if heaven abovo can be measured, ami the foundations earth searched out beneath, I will also cast oft fill the seed of Israel for nil that they have done, saith the Lord." Thus are the laws of nature made to seal the law oflove, God, that cannot he, thus makes the whole creation to he a guarantee of His abiding love to His own. I pvay yon believe Uiui, juid be joyful in Ilia House of prayer. This is a declaration of love divinely confessed. The Lord has not sent this assurance tous by a pro phet, but He has made it Himself—" The Lord hat.h appeared." This declaration does notcomo through another tongue or lip, but the Divine Lover Himself breathes Bis own love word to His chosen— The Lord hath appeared of old unto me. saying, Vea, I have idvsiI Iiipa -with au everlasting love. nam appKiiremn vm uuw oajiufc, • ave loved thee with au everlasting love. Notice that itis love sealed with a " yea. God would have us go uo further in our ordinary speech thau to say, " Yea, yea," and surely we may becon tent with so much from Himself. His "yea amouuta to a sacred asseveration—" Tea, I nave loved tliee with an everlasting love. He lifts Hie hand to hoaven and He swears—swears by Himself, berauseHe can swear by uo greater—" That by two immutable tilings, in which it was impossible for God to lie, we might have a strong consolation, who have fled for refuge to lay hold upon the hope set before as." Beloved, do reash upon this! l ain very conscious of the feebleness of my exposition, but I am equally conscious of the great strength of tbe precious doctrines which I have sot before 3 III. We finish, thirdly, with the manifest evj. deuce, " I have loved thee with an everlasting love; therefore with loviug kindness have I drawn thee." Here bto drawings mentioned. Have you not felt them ? We have not seen God, beloved, but we have felt Him drawing na. Oil, what tuts ho gave to some of us when we were children ! Do you remember, when you were 1 boys and girls, when you could not sleep at nights for heavenly drawings towards divine things5 Do you recollect, when you were m the country alone, how yon would sit down under a hedge and cry, you scarce knew why, longing lor something better than you hud as yet reached t Do von remember when the Lord Jesns drew you outof the horrible pit? outof the midnight of despair? Do you remember how He drew you nil He set your feet upon a rock? He drew you from spiritual death, from the corruption of sin,lfroui the dominion of the devil. He drew you into life, love, and liberty. He drew you to the foot of the cross, to tbe throne of grace, to the Church of Christ. How well do I recall the hour when I was drawn to the place where I saw one hanging on a tree in agomes mid blood and there and then I looked, and as I looked I lived. Since then the Lord has drawn me along the paths of duty and delight, of faith and peace, of love and joy, of hope and rapture. Tliesc were drawings recalling from Jove. He drew us because Be loved us with an ovcrldsiing love. Other drawings of ;l>iviue goodness are re sisted, resisted in some cases to tbe bitter end, and men justly perish, but tbe drawings of everlasting love effect their purpose. If you hare been drawn to Christ it is because God loved you before the world began. Do not think tbe Lord began to lore you when yon began to love Him. Oh, no! If God love chee now, He did love thee or ever tbe earth was. If this day He loves tbee, He loved thee when there were no days, but the Ancient of days. He saw thee through the glass of His prescience, and He loved tbee and predestinated thee to be con formed unto the image of His Son, and from Uris purpose of 'love He will never turn aside. "The gifts and calling of God are without repentance." He will not alter the thing which has gone out of His lips. Here are drawings mentioned—these were draw ings from God. How sweetly, how omnipotently, God can drawl When He begins to draw A man, that person may poll back, and perhaps even for yearn may stand out against Divine grace, but when the Lord puts forth His omnipotence the man is bound to yield. Without violating the will of man, or making him less a free agent than he used to be, the loving kindness of the Lord can act as a charm upon him and win him completely with bis full con sent. " Draw me; we will run after Tbee." He draws, and we run. When Jehovah would have Israel come to Zion it soon comes to pass that Israel longs torn) thither. See in the sixth verse— " For there shall be a day that the watchmen upon the Mount Ephraim shall cry, Arise ye, and let us go up to Zion unto tbe Lord onr God." We yield to the drawings because they come from the Lord's own hand, and their power lies in His love. The Lord assures us that these ore drawings of His .loving kindness. However he drawn it is in love; and whenever He draws, it is in love. Observe that the Church does not here say, " Tbe Lord drew me;" but the Lord Himself says, "With loving kindness have I drawn thee." God knows better about His drawings than we do. We think that He pulls and snatches in anger, bat He knows that Ha has always drawn in loving kindness. Because the horse is wilful it thinks the driver stem; our way wardness makes us think onr Lord austere. The forces which He puts forth to work upon us are tender, gentle, kind, and loving. He has drawn you and me "with loving kindness." I am sore He has thus dealt with me. Will yon think of your own case,and bleas His name? Lord, Thou hast drawn me when I did not know it; Thou hast drawn me when I thought I was willingly moving of my own accord. I see it now, and I bless ThyName.for it. Draw me stall, that 1 may still say " Thy gentleness liath made me great." What a wonderful word is that" loving kindness"—"loving," "loving" " kind ness"—two of the choicest koninoora set Side by side! Kindness is kinnedness, and the Lord .Jesus treats us as His kith and kin; and He dots this in the mo9t loving manner. "With loving kindness have Ldrawn thee." He might have whipped me to Himself; He might have dragged me to the city of refuge; He 'might have threatened me into'iepent ance; He might have thundered me into submis sion. But, no, " With loving kindness have 1 drawn thee." I spoke to a brother in Christ yesterday who colled himself—and I think he spoke the truth —"a specially favoured one." I tako that title also, 'l ake it, my sister I—take it, my brother I Does it not fit you well ? Has not the Lord been specially good to you? " With loving kindness have 1 drawn thee." "Alas!" cries one, "but I have been whipped; ' Thou hast chastised me, and I was chastised.'" Very trne; hut how few have been tbe strokes compared with what yon deserved! "Oh! but God lias debuted me ebarply," says another. I answer again. How few have been His cbidiugs compared with what we might have expected considering our evil ways! Prevailingly His cords have keen cords of love, and His bands have been the bands of a man. Bless the Lord, O my sonl. He lendetli me beside the still waters. Only one thing more. These drawings are to be continuous—" With loving kindness have I drawn thee;" and He means to do the same evermore. If you will look the chapter through yon will see that God promises to keep on drawing. face verse 8—"Behold, I will bring them from the north country, and gather them from the coasts of the earth." Vorae n—"They shall come.',, I will cause them to walk by the rivers ot waters jn a straight way." Bend verso 10—" Hethat scattered Israel will gather him." See verse 12—" Therefore they shall come and sing in the height of Zion.and shall flow together to the goodnau of the laird." He that has begun to draw will go on drawing us till Be lias safely landed us where Hie everlasting love shall be an everlasting theme ofBong^-even in heaven, where we shall dwell in eternal fellowship with the Eternal God. The everlastingoess of Divine love is the crown of it all. ■ I would not care to preach to yon a Gospel wbicb has no final perseverance in it. Spiritual fife which can die is not the eternal life pronusedlnthe Goepel, and heavenly love which can fail is not the evuriaet iug love of our text. Whenever I find that doctrine left ont I feel as if they had taken sway the wheat from the barn, and the grapes from the winepress. If the salvation which yon set forth to be ghat of Christ be a temporary one yon may have it that like it; I will have none of it. I believe in evefUating love, and I can do with nothing less. My hbpe to get to heaven lies in this; and as far as I have come on the road the Lord has drawn me, and He will draw me thereat of the way. I have bad nostrength of my own until now. I have had no might hot what He has afforded me, and I look to the Lord still for all the grace I shall need between this spot and the gate of pearl. Such a magnificent text as onrs ought to make ns consider two things. The first is, Is it sol Am I. drawn'! If God loves you with an everlasting love He has drawn you by His loving kindness? Is it so or not? Has he drawn you by His Holy Spirit, so that you have followed on? Are you a believer? Do you cany Christ's cross? Vou have been drawn to this. Then take borne these gracious words—" I have loved tbee with an everlasting Jove." If you have not been so drawn do you not wish you were ! Oh, it were worth dying a thousand deaths to be a Christian after that fashion of Christianity which is based on everlasting love. Here is a glorious foun dation—love without beginning, love without end; froe.lsovereign, unchangeable lave—not bought by merit in us, nor produced by our efforts or entrea ties; love which comes to us because God will love, and lias chosen in His divine sovereignty to love us. "Everlastinglove." Why, the syllables are music. If you can climb that height you have climbed wliero it is worth while to abide for ever. Oh, man, if you cannot claim this, at. any rate desire it, and go humbly on your knees to Christ Jesus, and look to Him and live. But, child of God, if you know thesedraivinjrs, and if it be true that God loves you with an everlasting love, then are you resting ! " I have a feobio hope," says one. What? How can you talk so? He who is loved with an everlasting love, and knows it, should swim in an ocean of joy. Not a wave of trouble should disturb the glassy sea of his delight. What is to make a man happy if this will not? Come, come; we must have no more hanging heads. Hal lelujah! Hallelujah! If the Lordnas loved me with an everlasting love 1 will not be cast down, though the earth be removed. Ilis love is better than wealth, hotter'.than health (great blessing as that is), better than honour, better than usefulness. Ever lasting love, and thou bast it? Man alive, wipe the tears out of thine eyes, and lift op thine head! " Oli, rest in tbe Lord, and wait patiently for Him;'* for if He hath loved thee so, what hast thon to fear? What is to be done hut to love llim in return who has loveil us so much ? Ono thing I know— "All that remains for me Is but to love and sing. And wait until the angels come To hear me to my King." Portions of Scripture read before sermon—.Jere miah xxx. 12-17; xxxi. 1-14. 