CHAPTER XIV. When Leo Swinford said that he was lodged like a prince there was little extrava gance in the phrase. He was lodged like a prince indeed in the age of reason, not that of subdued seBthetism like this. The rooms in the Hali were epacious and lofty, and de corated with mirrors, and gilding, and marble, generally false marble, to an extent very rarely seen in England. And they were hung with pictures which would have been worth a king's ransom had the names upon them j been genuine, which of course they were not.: A Swinford of a hundred years ago, Leo's great grandfather, had been one of those dillettanti of the eighteenth century to whom the languid Italy of those days was at once ] an idol and a place of plunder. He had filled j his home with copies, with supposed antiques; picked up here and there, with much old i furniture and false statuary and bronzes. All i the splendid names of art flourished on the walls; I am not sure that there was not a fragment, so called, of Piudias, from some classic excavation, and I am certain that there Were several liaphaels, and even a Michael Angelo{the days of liottieelii was not yet). Tne cabinets and carvings which were genuine gave an air of reality to much that was false. If it was not true art, it was at least a good representation of the age when connoisseurs were few, when the craft of the copyist was in great request, and when it was fondly hoped, with that stupidity which belong to the cultured person in all ages, that thexnodelof the Italian palace, de signed for skies-and customs sodinerentfrom ours, might lie made to improve the natural beauty of an English house. The attempt was a mistake, but here and there, when carried out regardless of expense, it was not i without effect, and the Hall was a good speci men of the time. A hundred years is a re-' spec tabic period of time, and an examp!e of the aims and meaning of a past century is worth preserving. But the targe suites of rooms -«ftch other, with large windows ana doors, and no system of warm ing, were chilly and severe in a season still scarcely penial- England in this respect, with the cheerful open fires, upon which we pride ourseIv«6, being so much interior to France with jts or Germany with its cndless stutTy but effective stoves, in the art of 4ceep5ris( & house warm, but which was far from being warm, as many a shivering invalid was-on a Saturday, late in the afternoon in the beginning of April, but before the blasts: werea) together «ver,thatanother visitor, whoj wasnot atltfl so well received as Lady Wil-1 iiatfe and Hie Plowdens, walked briskly up the avenue and along by the side of the lake towards the BoU. She went quietly, looking neither to the right nor to the left, with the air of a person who knew very well where ehe was going; and she was, I think, better dressed than Lady William, with something like fashion in the fit of her garments and the fall of her draperies, not over-dressed either, in black, with a little veil over her face, and a woman with a presence, which all the poor in Watcliam recognised as that of a lady, and a person who nad Been better days. How it was that her air and aspect, which im pressed xilkthe others, even Mrs. Plowden and most of the other ladies of the parish, failed to impress Morris, the butler, I cannot tell. There are mysteries in all crafts, and though he was for a moment slightly ilustered by her bearing, Morris put himself straight in the middle of the doorway and opposed Mrs. Brown's entrance with a decision which he would not have ventured to exhibit in face of little Miss Grey, who had the air of being dressed out of a rag-bag, or the humblest curate's wife. " Not at home," Morris said with the utmost audacity, looking the visifor full in the face. "I know," said Mrs. Brown, "but I will come in till you have sent up my card, for 1 know that 6lie will see me." " It is quite contrary to my lady's habits to see any one at this hour," said Morris, who was a person of education. " If you will state your business 1 will report it to Madame Julie, who will convey it to her mistress at a fitting time, and then, if Mrs. Swinford will receive you " Mrs. Brown laughed. " Do you ask all the ladies that call to state their business?" she said, with an air of amusement which con fused Mr. Morris. " Ladies," he said with a slight falter in his assurance, ." who call at the usual hours is a different thing." " Why it isn't six o'clock," said Mrs. Brown, " and if I had Hot known Mrs. Swinford I should not have thought it too late. But it is precisely because it is too late that I am here; for I've no business except to see your lady, Morris, so you may as well go at once and not keep me standing here." Morris began to grow more and more un certain in spite of himself. Everything was against her; her look, though how heknew that it would be difficult to tell; her composure, not angry as a real lady should have been (in his opinion) and indisposed to bandy words. A curate's wife would have retired in high dudgeon before he had enunciated his lirst phrase. Little Miss Grey would have trans fixed him with a look, and turned away ; but this visitor was not disinclined even to chaff the butler, therefore 6he was 110 lady. Vet there was something in her patronage, in her composure, and last of all in that sudden use of his own name which gave the man a vague sensation of alarm. " You 6eem to know my name," he said, " but you haven't even taken the trouble, j ma'am, to give me yours." j Upon which the visitor broke into a laugh. " Mine is not very distinguished, Morris," : she said ; " 1 am Mrs. Brown, but not the dressmaker from the village to ask for orders from Julie, as you seem to suppose. Ooine, come, there's been enough of this." As she spoke she passed Mr. Morris adroitly, ana entered the great lofty hall which formed the vestibule of the Swintord mansion. " There has been 110 change made, I see," she said, with a rapid glance round. " Do vou mean to tell me, Morris, that your lady is going to support all tlm and make no change." The hall was almost dark, the lamps as yet unlighted, and only a dim evening light in the row of long windows. .Someone stirred, however, in a corner, nnd came forward, only half distinguishable in the twilight. " Mor ris," said this half-seen person, "you know my mother never receives at this hour " "Ah, Leo," said the visitor, with a slight quaver in the assurance of the voice, " is it you V When Morris heard his master called Leo, he retired discreetly with a momentary sense that the sky, or rather the gilded roof of the hall, was fulling upon him. Had it oc curred to him, so assured in his duties, to make a tremendous mistake? The feeling at tirst gave him a sensation,not to be put into wonis, and his impulse was to take im mediate flight; but 011 reflection, he felt it so very unlikely that he could have made a mis take that he subsided into the shelter of one of the pillars and waited to see what would happen. Mr. Leo Swinford was known among the servants as a most affable gentle man; but Morris was well aware that his master was not one to submit to any impor tunities. It was a moment of great excite ment, almost too thrilling, for a butler has the pride of his profession, like another, and it would have been dreadful to him to ac knowledge that he hod made a mistake. " I fear I mnst say that you have the ad vantage of me," Leo said,- with a coldness that was balm to Morris's soul. The visitor came forward with a short laugh, to one of the windows-" You have a short memory," she said; " but yet, if you re member, we met, only the other day." Then there was a little pause, and then Mr. Swinford said in a tone which was half rage and half contempt, " I thought I made my sentiments clear enough that day, but I might have known " " Yes," said the lady, " I think you might have known; but I don't blame you> Leo. Your news and mine don't agree, and never will; all the same you can take off your bull dog and make him understand that the house is nee to.your relations. I wouldn't trouble you; of course, I have come to see your mother, and I hope I know my way." Morris behind his pillar beheld aghast an alert shadow glide through the gloom Across the halt and up the stairs. There was now so little light that she looked like a ghost, a darkness moving through the gloom, but in no other way ghostlike, quite vigorous, full of life. The man could not move, he was humiliated in his tenderest point-a relation ! and to think he shpuld have made sych a mistake; baton the whole, Morris_was con soled by the fact tliat it was a relation; rela tions are not always equals, they are not always friends; sometimes the people of the house would prefer to have them shut out. If it had been a lady of a county family, perhaps, or some intimate friend, it would have been different He gradually began to raise again his drooping spirits; he was aliout to start away from his post of observation, when his master called him briskly, having probably heard the noise of his retiring feet' Morris did not like to be caught Caves dropping ; he was a functionary of a very high ideal; he allowed a lnomentto elapse, during which lie judiciously and Btealthily edged further off, and answered, as from a distance, " Did you call, sir!" with the flir of a man who has heard imperfectly, being so fdr^ofT* > , - -j? \~si* i> " Come here, quick," said Leo, impatiently. " Mdrri«| I want to speak to you about that lady; you refused to let her in." 1 am very sorry, sir, very sorry if I made a mistakes Jjul'iny lady's orders are, after half-past five, no one, unless there s an excep tion. - Just so,yont^i)uite^^H there will we an exoeption j I don t suppose my mother knew Mrs. Brown was here; she is a very old friend* Of courec you must take my mother's orders on the matter: but I sun pose an exception will be made." p" "Of course, sir,"said Morris politely, with a sense of giving way from his absolute guardian of the Svvinford-houae^ if it s your-or my lady's wish " ' SldedPprillaredy ram* ffi SthehbS? He was not without a little pride in th* grandiose decorations which had been hia ancestors doing: but as he cast his ew> round the great room with the gilded galWy that ran round it, he thought, with a siKh of the luxurious apartment in Paris in which he had been brought up. The one was BO warm and gay, the other so Rliatering abd cold; he believed there were a great manv dummies on those huge shelves; mi questionably there were a great many worth le-,8 books ; it was too big, too grand, too full of pretension to be made a home of and everythinc was new and laborious and'dull around him, even his new unaccustomed works of beneficence which had been amusing at first Hod he been allowed to give up a portion of his income in order to make happy all the poor people without anv trouble to himself; but he had begun to be bored by Miss Grey, and her intimate knowledge of everybody's wants, and to cease to be amused by the enrate, who was all for shutting up the public-houses: those pubhe-houses which Leo, in the toleration of his foreign training, looked upon as the only means of necessary relaxation which the poor, people possessed. There was only one thing among his new sur roundings that did not cease to amuse him and that was the little, the very little draw' ing-room in which of an evening he found Lady William sitting in the firelight, and where he could talk of all that was in his heart. It was. perhaps, a little later than usual, for lie had been detained by various matters of business, still it was not too late i and in a few minutes more he had put on the coat with tliefur lining which had made such a sensation in Watcham, and was walking very briskly down the avenue, with the gloom deepened and the vexation lightened, won dering how much he might tell her, and whether 6he would remember Mrs. lirown. Now I wonder much whether the reader would rather hear what passed that evening in Lady William's drawing-room in the fire light, at the hour when people can talk more | confidentially and cosily, only half-seeinc each other's faces, than at any other time; or whether he (or she) would prefer to be present at the interview in Mrs. Swinford's boudoir which was going on at the same moment, i know which I prefer myself. The simple people in the world who have no mysteries about them, and have their little, humours and follies, but mean no harm, and do no harm as far as human judgment can guide them, are familiar and well known. I know what they ore thinking ubout, and what they say, and how much or how little they mean, it nt with the others there is a strain. * 1 know, of course, very well what Mrs. Swimord and Mrs. lirown had to talk about and what they said, but it is a kind of artificial know ledge, and I don't like having much to do with these, women of the world. There are dif ferent kinds of women of the world ; but the ! lady who was Leo S win ford's mother was not j of the good kind, neither was her old friend , or her relation, or whoever Mrs. Brown was. I They were of the kind who are enemies of ; the good, perhaps not absolutely meaning to | be so, but because they were intent each of : them on her own way, and on pleasing her j self; and looked upon every obstacle to that | only as something to be cleared away, j Therefore, if the gentle reader pleases, we will put off their talk for a while, and go [cheerfully down with Leo through the dark j avenue, and by the Bide of the little wistful lake, in which the clearness of the evening ] sky is reflected, and along the quiet country j load, till we come to the village green, wberetlie lights arc beginning to shine in j the windows, past the church with its low j spire rising against the sky, and the rectory i behind its damp and level lawn ; and at las ! arrive at the quarter where the best houses i stand out against the west, with their trees budding and the crocuses ablow in all the : borders, and a pleasant scent of wall j flowers in the air. Lady William's garden was more full of wallflowers than any of the [others, and the narcissi were coming out, i and the primroses taking the place of the ' crocuses; jealous people said because, if anything, it had the finest south exposure; i but chiefly because Mab was the head gar ! dener, and had a genius for that art. General , Fitz Stephen was in his garden when Leo passed, and called "good evening" to him over the privet hedge, for the General knew very well where the young man was going, ' and thonght it very natural. The old gcntle j man was fond of little Mab, and hoped that 1 it was she, though she was so ridiculously ! young, that was to make this great match; but lie did not feel so sure as he would have liked to have done whether this was what Leo meant In Lady William's cottage things were a little different from the usual conditions for Leo was late, later than he had ever been before-and he did not like them quite so well as usual. For one thing the lamp was lighted and the lire very low, the evening being, or so these ladies thought, warmer than usual; and for another thing they were veiy busy, Mab end her mother, over their necessary sewing. As everybody knows, t ie coming of summer is a much more trouble some tiling, in respect to dress, than winter, when two nice warm dresses, one for com mon UBe and one lor best, is as much as any body wants. Bttt in summer, besides tbe good frock oh which Lady Vilham was employed, with her daughter, when we firs made her acquaintance, there are cotto dresses to be thought of, and things for it} warm weather, of which a girl who is alwajs til movement wants a grertt many. Ana. » deed.'ttt this present moment the voik in band was ft white frock, which was intends for a po rty, to bfe .given by the Ftte btcpn > whlcnvejy possibly might end fJJS arid this was naturally a very interesting piece of work. . "Shall I put it away, mother? said Mao. "No," said Lady William, "a manias nothing about it; fie will1 think: we ming tablwlotlis: and he would not be a»y the wiser if he did kiiow. . It is curious that! Mab, an tj,j9 little girl, should haye known better i . reapeottlian her mother, who was went more acquainted with the world. SI ^ on withher work, indeed, all the san ^ ^ she shook her head, and felt co" were when Leo: Swbiffird eaw what, th y d Krf £2? r a-*» "Why not?" said Lady Willium, we irty," ftald Xeo- J?"1 a ey probably ask mer ore the .'Certainly, if you will go,be creat man, you know, here, aaa »-» J^Uo aslc you with all the little village lie"'l love the village people," said Leo; and ?i,Pti he laughed a little, remembering that iScIVhad beenof late other thoughts In his W'" You are getting a little tired of them," ^ Bftid Lady William; " I told you so; be tween the time that they amuse you with their little ways, and the time that you know! ?lie real goodness of them, there comes a moment when you are bored. You must! soon f?o to town for the season, and let j Watchain rest, or yourself." - j "I have no desire to go to town for the! wison, or let Wateham rest. I may be a j little tired of the philanthropy: I am not j tired of this room," he said, looking round j nnon it affectionately. " Do you know I don't1 tuink I ever saw it lighted before?" j "So brilliantly lighted, at ffiorno," said jadv William; "the firelight is kind and fiides its little defects. But you are late to- j Il'"'ves, m.v mother has had a visit, but it u'as not that; it annoys me, and of course I j must couie and tell you my annoyance. Do you remember a certain Mansfield woman, IoiiR ngo?" " Do I remember her? " Of course you must; there is always mis chief where she is. She has appeared again." "Hut is that a Btninge event? She is a relation, and your mother was much attached to her. too." "I suppose BO; though why ? Can anybody explain these things? And there is alwavs mischief when she comes. I don't know what may be brewing now, nor why glie conies here. Does Bhe live here ?" "Oh. »o," said Lady William, "certainly not. She mast have come from London: everybody that is uncomfortable comes from horn Ion. But you must not be superstitious. Mischief can't be created if the elements of it don't exist, and 1 see none that she can work upon now." "She might make dissension; Bhe will make dissension, dear lady, between my mother and me." " Forewarned is forearmed 5 don't let her," said Lady William; " that is the only thing to say." " Hut she will be too many for me," said Leo, shaking his head, yet Bmiling; " I have 110 confidence in myself." " You are too superstitious; she must not be too many for you, your mother's son is more to her than her cousin." " Is she her cousin ? and am I " " Her son!" said Lady William, with a laugh. " The wonderful question! I don't think any doubt can be entertained on that subject." " No, no; I meant am I more strong as son than the other as . How can I tell wliat to say ?' " My dear Leo! a son is stronger than any thing in the world." "Except a daughter," he said, looking at Mab. " It is the same ; one's own child is more to one than all the world beside." " Do you know," he said, " there is one thing that 1 think is almost better, that clears away the clouds and brings out the sun, and makes one see him-and that is you." He put his hand upon hers softly, with a momentary touch. "That is a friend," said Lady William hastily. A little uneasy ilush came over ber face. She was very Anxious, more anxious than was pleasant, of - little Mab sewing on sedately, never lifting her^eyes.JJ 