Che «#>i?ïmep ¿$tornfn& fötraßi MONDAY, HAY 11, 1891. Tin: romains of the late Sir John Robertson were ¡atoned yestordir in tho South Hoad pnbbo conetory, whero a number of his relatives aro baried. Mu. GOSCHEN «tates that einen the introduotion of the 2¿d rato of postage within tho Empire, letiers have increased le per cent., and the tout <1!) per cent. THE transit of the planet Mercury osares the sun'e di>a ncourred yesterday. THE United States fleet ia pursuing tho Chilian rebul -toamor, which escaped from thom, for breach of neutrality. Two labour candidates havo be>n eleoted to the South Australia« Legislativo Council. THE khip Oraigbnrn went ashore on the Victorian coast on Friday night, and becamo a total wreidc In attempting to reaoh lund BIZ lives wuro lost. TUB Novoe Vremya admita that the Rothschilds alanduuoJ the contiact ts float the Uussian loan oaring lo tho Jewish psreecutiona in Kus.-io. G/BEAT preparation, are bsing made at Newcastle for tbe reception of Dr. Stuuton, the new bishop, WBEATHS and other floral tributes wore for- warded fer Sir John llobortion'e funoral by the Go verier and Lady Jersey, Lord aod Lady Carrington, Admiral Lord Charlo* Scott, and the Ministers and leading oiiizons of tbe difleront oelonies. TUE E.M.S. Carthage arrived at Albany from Colombo yesterday morning, TUB Admiralty will not make any fnrthor»Itera- tions in ths Australian auxiliary cruisers, which are now q«ing proparod for BOA. OniEF-JusTiOB WAT, of South Australia, is re- covering from his attaok of influenza in Knglaad. Tas compositors of Vienna hare struck for nine hoars per day labour. THS United States Marshall, who was carried to sea in the Chilian rebel vessel, has been landed on t»e 001st. THE Portuguese stocks have fallen, owing to the fnilnre of tho loan, and there has been a rush on the banks in Lisbeo. TriEnB is much dissension amont; tho managers of the proposed World's Fair to bo held in Chicago, THE captain of the J. H. Scamtnoll attributes the loss of that vessol to having no pilot on beard. He had eigoallod for « pilot, bot had failed to got one. LETTEBS and telegrams ef condolence have been recoivnd by the members of the late Sir John ltobertson'e family from Lady Jersey, Sir Hnnry Parkes, Hon. James Munro, Sir Patriot Jennings, end many others. Mu. J, HAYNES, M.L.A., addressed a dieting at "Windsor on Friday, and received a rote of con- fidence. MADAME BIAVATSKT, tho theosophist, is dead. [ Ila, Looa», the Eadioal candidate, hit keen I eleotsd for tho Harborough divisi.n of Leicester,, which formerly rotarned a Conservative membor. THE 1 Zingari Club played a social cricket matoh against a loam from H.H. Fieot on Saturday. Tho Gotornor and Admiral Lord Charles Scott took part. Asa chock to tho Boer oxpedition, the British have annexod a tract of cauntry to tho Treat of Boohuaoaland. Miss AM- THOMPSON performed upon tho organ in tho Groat Hall of tho University on Saturday afternoon. Tho rondoring was much approoiatad by llio audience. IT is reported that a now line of steamers will bo ostabJished between Glatgsw and the principal Aus- tralian ports. THE twelfth intercolonial lawn tennis tournament botween Now South Waloa and Victoria was com- menced on Saturday. FITTY members of the Honso of Commons and all the clerks at the table are laid np with in. fluonza. COLONEL OLCOTT doliverod a lecture on Thoosophy last nignt, in the Protestant Hall, boforo a largo audience. Ma, J. F. Boras will addross the elootors of St. Leonard« at Manly to-night. THE Rev. M. G, Pearse was entertained at a har- bour trip on Saturday by the Cornishman of Sydney. SIR FKKDBTUCK SARGOOD considers that the fede- ration question will reçoive a hearty welcome from both the Victorian Houses. TUB mombers of the pastoralists' execntive have arrived at Barcaldine for te- day's meeting. A COMPANY ha« been formed at Perth to supply the city with elestrto light and motivo power. TUB Queensland pastoralists consider that they, have already won the fight, ai all «hearing requ red is being weil done, and further labour is available. Tus President of the Viotoriau Legislative Council doo» not liko the title " Commonwealth,'1 nor th. provision making Governors elective, in the Constitution Bill. WITHIN a month t li oro will bo nearly 700 free labourers at work in the Baroaldino district, whore tba unionists formerly said so froe labourer would bandlo shears. THE Victorian Mini.tor of Education bollevei that tho pnblio of Viotoria will bo satisüed with tbe Constitution Bill. As tho funds ara low in tho union shearers' camp in Barcaldine, it has beon proposed ti at the horse« should be «old to raiso money, but the pro- posal has not boon kindly received. IN tho st»ck and share markot on Saturday, with the exception of one o_o, the quotations woro unaltered. A oooo business was transacted in leading silver stocks on Saturday. TUB Custom» rovenue received on Sttnrday amounted to £2947. In our last issue tv.- publimied an official and very interesting synopsis of thi pro- ceeding!! of the Intercolonial Trades and Labour Congress recently held at Ballarat, whioli was supplied to us by Mr. HOUGHTON, the secretary of the Trades and Labour Counoil of New South Wales. The Cougress will be memorable beyond any similar assemblages' preceding it, for having formulated and adopted the scheme lor' lubour federation which when confirmed by the i-everul unions will constitue« the General Council of the Australasian Federation of Labour, It will also be memorable tor having dis- cussed, in a methodical and practical spirit, a large number of important questions affecting the interests of labour, and 'for having constiuoted a political platform as a common basis for future activities. Although many of tho principles laid down by the Congress will not meot with universal acceptance, no one will question that the Congress lias done a conud.ra.blu wotk, and one that will have nu important bearing on the future relatiens of the omployer and employed. Apart from this, the comrnuuity generally will rejoico to seo the agitation in the cause of labour as in everything a-lse proce.-ding oa constitu- tional and peaceful lines. Among the first paragraphs in Mr. HOUGHTON'S state- ment mention is gracefully made of the fact tliut euloon carriages aud special trains were placed at the service of the delegates to Contras«. This simple incl dent is significant of the fact that consti- tuted authority is heartily in sympathy with labour when Banking in legitimate ways to maintain its cluan is-an attitude that must be surely more pluanaut to all concerned than when a Government is oompollod, us in tho northern polony, to rauve armed forces from place to place with the object of proxurving the public peuce. On the other hand, it is rather to be regretted that one of the opening resolutions of the Congress was on this latter aspect, and it i« to be confessed that it did not exhibit that practical good sense which, so generally characterised the »ubsequent proceedings. For wo ure told thut the whole of the dolegutes r»<=e, and with ringing ohoern resolved " that this Otmgross of doleyote» trom the various Australian colonies refuses to credit the acts of violence and lawlessness attributed to the Queensland buahworkera by the capital- istic newspaper press.'" As tho acta referred to have been proved ia courts of justico, and the oifondora .av» been ponvioteil and punished, «he con- spiracy of misreproeuntation must have been much .further extended than to the conduotord of the cnpituliatio press. For the Congress to Bay it " refuses to credit " the statements of lawlessness muy oorrectly enough express the subjective leolitigá entertained by the boily ¡ but Jt surely presents the Con- gress in an aspect of weuknoss A hen it begins its | roceedings by a dfclaration that it has clnsed its eyes to the logic of facts, und announces that it will not admit what noboay in the Austra luaian colonies honestly doubts. Where the Congrt-HS lins don« so much good work it is net congenial to note mis- takes ; but the rebolution on " trade murk«," a» pussed bj- the Onogreas, ia not ona that promises to make for harmony. A resolution was adopted "in favour of the regiotration af a trudo mark, to be usad by employers of union labour on all goads pro- duced in tho oolonies by such labuur," and a committee was appointed to pre- pare a design anti draft conditions for auch trade mark. Did the Congress seriously think that employers would consent t* euch a mean« ot warring against them- selves P or that until absolutely crushed they would furn iah a weapon like this for enforcing the boycott? There are oommonly thought to be difficulties eunugh in the way of raatoria_ unionists on strike into friendly ralation« with their old employers ; but if unionist» must come back urmad with this brunding iron, it is hardly too inuoh to Buy that peace would bo hopelessly de- ferred. The freedom of contract whioh employers' unions emphatically main- tain, and which trodus unionists Bomatimea express thomeulvea willing to concade, would be u delusion if the products of non- union labour were to be alwuys and every- where banned by the absence of the union brand. Such a proposal as this could only be practical ufter the last rexistance of the employers had been overcome and they had surrendered to the labour unions unconditionally. Tho Congress has given an unequivocal deliverance on the moot question of a statutory labour day, and in so far must be regarded as somewhat in advance of tho general views of tho labour party throughout the world. That tho poenibility oi enforcing the eight hours limit of daily labour in all kinds of ocoupatione is not accepted by some of the foremost and best friends of labour in Eng- land is well known ; and the success which has attended the eight hours movement as a voluntary thing in the Australian colonies is regarded as a triumph of moral force that is deserving of admiration, Whether the attempt to apply cempulsion will bo equally success- ful may be subject to doubt ; and it will be regrettable if this should be added to the many causes that aro at present contributing to disturb tho relations of labour and capital. As it is resolved by the Congress that the principle of eight hours' labour should oompulsorily apply to domestio service, it is apparent that ' the leaders in the Congres* aro not doterred by thoughts of couBoquoncea from contemplating 'an innovation that must be a Eerious invasion of the quiet of domestio lifo. Every credit must bo given to tho Congress for the desire to prevent the vioious and cruel system of labour known as "sweating;" and if the means proposed are not likely to be attended with equal or greater evils, tho public will not be indisposed to have a trial given. The performance of all fac- tory work in registered factories weuld oheok sweating, but the danger on the other hand is that suffering might be caused to some who are privately and sometimes secrotly supplementing their means of livelihood by work in their homes, and who could not or would not connect themselves with a faotory. The difference here is only us to the best method of effecting an objeot which all desire ; for there can be no one gifted with the ordinary feelings of humanity who will not heartily join with the Trades Congress in desiring to put an end to the sweating system, which, bad enough in an old und congested con- dition of sooioty, le s> disgrace to our young and advancing communities. Equally will general sympathy sus- tain the CoDgress in its desire for legislative compulsion for the regu lar inxpectien af land boilers, and for summarily preventing the Government as «oil as private Individuals frum violating the wvekly Sabbath by unnecessarily em- ploying manual labour on the day that moy bo pre-emiaently claimed a* the workman's day of rest. The proposal* respvctinit apprenticeship, jnvonile labour, technical education, amd kindred question«, wore treated more or less affeotivoly from the tmdea-union point of view; and,as was to be expected, " freedom of oostraot" cime in for u vigorous and unanimous denun- ciation as being nothing but a " masked conspiracy to omah union- ism." Th« political platform appears to have causod considerable divergsneo of sentiment ; and with the adoption of general principies on the outline of the formulary of the Labuur Electoral League of New South Wales, the details were I« ft for elaboration by the union organisations ef the «evora! colonies. Taken altogether, the work of tho Congress was methodically and well conducted ; and, apart from differences of opinion which must necessarily exist in the com- munity as to the objeot» contemplated by the Congress, it is fair to admit that the proceedings of this " Labour Parliament" of Australia war* carried out in a spirit and with an ability that refleot credit on the delegates assembled. Our New York correspondant, in com- menting upon the New Orleans 1\ nailing cane, attributes the failure of the trial of the Italians to the terror inspired by the notion of the Muda in the mlmis of the jurors, and remarks that " the jury sys- tem iu such canns utterly bmaks down, just as it does, though for a different reason, in all political caaes." There is no reaaon for doubting the accuracy of this state- ment; se fur ns this particular cuso is con- cerned, but one has a certain repugnanco to the acceptance of «o sweeping an assertion as that relating ti> the trial of all political cafes. It is generally understood that tho influeuoo of party politics is extensively felt in the United State«, and may bu traced in restions where its prudence would hardly be lookud for. But it is a serious accusation to bring agoinut a law-abiding community to any that where political int»r»stB are offoct-d trial by jury is a failure. If the cann, however, has been put too strongly it may still bo »upposoil that there is truth at the foundation of it, and what wa are aakod to believe is, not only that men will forget thiiir oath« and disregard the publio iul.rest rather than risk their live«, but that they will frequently do so for the furtherance of party purposes, Thi« ia a state of things to be drplored ; but when the question i« askod, " What ia tho remody ?" w* cannot summarily answer it by suyiag that some other sysiem should be substituted for the jury system in the ad- ministration o'justice. When a cemauunity in dominated by the fnar si a seoret Moiety of assusains, so that jurors cannot be tru.tod to do their duty, it is not to be taken for granted that tho inflnxible dis- charge of duty would necessarily b« se- cured by placing iho powers now exeroUod hy a jury in tho hand« of a single- judge. Where jurors know that they are marked men ajndgs would atand i» acorrospjnding position, and although it may bo true that there are special considerations tending to strengthen the courage of a judge and to uphold him in the performance of his functions, it may also b» said that the I'Oouliar circumstances of his position would expose him to special risk. Ami, tuning with our correspondent to the political O'peot of the question, it is hardly to be assumed that in the United States, at any rate, with an eleotive judiciary, the transfer of power from juries to judges would certainly secure that freedom from bias in political oases which it is said the jury By stem fails to command. Trial by jury, which sometimes exoitcis man's admiration, is at other times regarded with something like contempt j but, as in the case of representative government, it is an easier thing to express dissatisfaction with its results than to point with oonfldenoe to anything else which under the aotual conditions ouuld be put in its place. The simple fuot is that free institutions require for the production of their bent effects, and evan for their smooth and efficient working, a free pooplo who shall work thom houeetly and with publia spirit. Popular government tends toward« anarchy when faotion or soli intarest obtain the rule. Trial by jury becomes a mockery when jurors are not free to act as their own judgment diotates, or when they are so swayed by outside influences that their power to form an honest judgment fails. The jurors in New Orleans were eithor bri "ed or intimidated. The general view seems to be that they were uffeoted not so much by corrupt influence as by fear far their very lives. There are many who say that they ought to have cast aside stioh fe >ra, and to have done their duty without flinohing. It has even been con- tended that they, and not the Italians in the gaol, should have been lyaehod, because they had betrayed their trust, and struck a staggering blow at the adminis- tration of justice. There is no disputing the fact that if they broke their oaths and sacrificed the > publio interest under the influença of personal fear they were criminally guilty. But to judire fairly of their con- duct one should be able to realise the posl. tion in which they were placed, and to measure, as it woro, the presnuro of the terror whioh the threats and the crimea of the Mafia had produced in the community. The very COBO they were called upon to try n as an illustration of the ezte t of their risk. The question moy be asked whether, if those particular men had not bt-on uvrorn, any other twelve men called tugtither in the usual way would have shown true courage and solf-devotion. It ia posaiblo, if not probublo, that these twelve men woro fairly representative of tho community, and that even if a jury hud been talton from the crowd who stormed the prison and took vengeance upon the prisoners within, they also would have shrunk from their duty after being esposad in tho jury-box to the identifying gaze of the friends of the asaas.ins. Tho conspicuous feature of the case was not so much the failure of duty on the patt of the jury who tried the case as the faot that the Mafia had been successful in establishing a reign of terror in the minds of jurymen generally. i We have a right to assume that this was the case from indications that appear in alruoHt all the aocounts of the transaction that huvo yat been published. It seems evi- dent that a failure of justice was apprehended from the beginning. Uuder such circumstanosa the breakdown of the jury system could hardly bo remedied by punishing the jurors. Tho thing required was the control or tho suppression of the influences by whioh tho working of the system .had been upset ; and looking at the mutter in this light, tho lynching ef the prisoners-horrible as tho proceedings were-was practically a demonstration and a warning to those by whom these influences hud been exercised. Free institutions, as we have «aid, can only bo worked effec- tively by free men. When the froedom of the majority is interfered with und con- trolled, or pnrtially suppressed, by the violence of a minority, it may happen that the only remedy applicable to the circum- stances is a direct and relentless report io force. If euch violenco can be put down by the recognised methods of the law well and good, but the ucoounls from Now Orleans go to show that, as against the machinations of the Mafia, these methods were inapplicable. The action of the crowd, oriminal though it was, was not the action of anarchists. With the denth of the prisoners the excitement CBUBOII, and the orowd dispersed. If there should bs no further interference with trial by jury by the conspirators there will probably be no moro lynching heard of. But it may be apprehended t.iat if the administration of ju tics by the regular methods should be again attacked, there will bo moro loss of lila through the determination of the people to re-establish the fro« use of tit-HO regular methods, and lons discrimination may then be exorc'iHod. The law waa broken for the purpose of restoring its power and the freedom of the oointnunity in the administration of it. The public funeral uncorded to the remains of Sir JOHN ROBEIITSON yesterday was in every way an impro^eivo demonstra- tion of respect and regret ou the part of the people for one of its oldest publio men. The silent thousands who lined the roadways, and with uncovorod heads saluted the cortège as it passed, no less than the officials, legislators, Judges, arid othor distinguished pur sons, inoluding his __colk>ncy the Governor, who took part in thu long proenssion, bore testimony to th» prevailing Huntimvnt, livery eeotion of the commu- nity was represented in some shape or form, from the highest to the lowest. It was but natural, perhaps, that those who knew and followed tho old- time leader years n;ro through the political battles into which it was his charac- teristic wont to infuso so much vigour, flhould have been as strongly represented as they were yesterday. Nor was it oust, to .repress a feeling that the event itself was an outward and visible sign of tlie passing away of ? an old order,-paaaing, and giving place to new. Sir JOHN KOBEETSON . bolonged to the first generation of our political history. His career extended over tant parlad, and lils personality Ulled a large place ia the scone. The conditions of tue future will hardly be favourable to the production of a similar type, for tne law of development is change. Sir JOHN had outlived all the old leaders but one. It may be doubted if wa will get more de- voted servants or mere single-minded enthusiasts in the colony's publio »flairs as time goes on, for tho widening hurizon will not be as favour- able to concentration of sympathy and aim as the conditions of the past have been. But however that mi) be, the prevailing feeling in the minde of those who witnessed or assisted in the publio demonstration of yester- day was an irapreasion as of the removal of old landmarks and the effsoement of old associations. There was a time in our political history when the name of Sir JOHN KOBKRTSON wa» u talisman. Now it is a memory-an atr'eo tionate one for his immediate friends, and an historioal one for the country. THE secretary to the Pubiio Works Committee (Mr. C Lyne) received a telogram on Saturday from Mr. Garrard, ohairman of the toctional o.m mittee walch is engaged taking evidence in tho Inverell, Glen Innes, and Uralla diitriota upon the propOKod Glen Innes to Invoroll railway, to the oneot that nine witnosaoa were examined at Tingha on Tnursday and seven at Wandsworth on Friday. Tho committee commenced an inquiry at Guyra on Saturday, and left that place at midday for Armi- dale It is expected that they will return to Sydney en Tuoaday, and prestnt a report without delay to the general committee, se that the final repart tp Parliament may bo ready for the opening of tho aesaion. FIUDAT was an eventful day at Port Phillip_ Heads. Within a few hoars of each other ¿wo fine ships were d.ißhed upon the ironboun I coast, and have now become complote wreck., one having indeed almost disappeared. Unfortunately, there bas been considerable less of live Involved, six sailors having periBhad while attempting te reach th« shore. The names of th« two «hips are tho James II. Soainmell «uid the Craigburn. Tue fotv mor ia built of wood and th« other of iron, the latter a splendid four-masted ship worth fully £20,000. The wooden vessel was bound in to Mclhourno, and the master attributes tho disaster to tho fact that he hal no pilot oa board. At Mel- bourne tho sea pilot» crnlss outaido in scbosnors and in thick waathor such as prevailed on Friday last on tho Viotorian coast, there is considoralilo uncertainty oonaaoted with sighting th« pilot schooner« on the ono hand, or sighting the ap- proaching ship on tho other. The James H. Scammetl failed to find a pilot though «oma hours nero «pent in the ntt«mpt to do so, aal tho rcsnlt is abe is now a pitiful wrack, and her valuable cargo «trowing tho «hore. The ostimated lois of pro- perty, that ia for the hulls of these two vessols and' the cargo of tbe J. H. Scammell (the other ship was in ballast) is not far short of £100,000, It is the ophion of tho master of the inward bound ship that had there been at Molhourjw a steam pilot service snoh as ousts at 8ydney his ship would now have besa oafe ia port. Be tta's as it may, it is on record that a fioo snip wa» lost not long ago near Port Phillin Heads owing, it was said, to this a logod diBculty of pilotage, In the oase of the tro i ship Cranburn abo had landed hor Liverpool cargo at Melbourne. an 1 was going to Ben in tow of a powerful tu? boat The line s îppin* the sh p was dnv n towards tho shoro by tho fresh S.W. wind But aho was brought up by her anch rs, and there was ampi» tugboat aisistanco at hand though from B3^j reason not yet moda quite clear it was not embracod and one of tho most pow rful iron built Billing Bhips that over left tho Olido wa carr ed bv tho sea upon the rooks and dashed to pieces not far from the spot the memorablo wreck ot ths steane, Cheviot ocourro 1 OWING to unfersooa detention at Holbourne the B.M.S. Onze« s arrival at this port is not looked for until Wedna day Iho homeward bound Or ent liner Oruba «ill be dospatohod from bora to-dar with a largo numbor of passongors Sho has a fair quantity of cargo, and £50 000 ingold B|eaie. With regari to the movement«of mail steamers the principal agent of the Mrs-agones Manum« line received word on Saturday that tno Polmosien left Mnrsoil'es for Australia on tbe 8rd instant and has left Suez in continuation of hsr voyage. It wtll interest Austrahon travellers by thie line to loaro that Oaitnin Boulard, for several years com. manHor ef the Tarra is now in command of the Polynasion Captain Polhgrin tho late cam raandor has inherited a bands mo fortuno, and has resigned his position in the oompany. IT was mentioned roc«ntly that a line of stoamers is io be established between Glasgow aid the prinmpnl Australian ports. On Saturday last word wa« leoetved that the first of the now steamer! for the serv ce has beea launched for the owners of the Gulf Lino. Tins Uno, now known as tao Gulf Line Aretmaüon, Limitod, with a capital of £500 000 has d velopod from tho Greenock Steamship Company, whioh startfl 1 only m 1880 with a o pitai ol but £100 000 of willoh only ono half was subscribed to build and own throo cargo steamers, Toey wore eo successful that oponints wore found for otnera and the dpi tal waa raised to £800,000 in 188B Somo 16 voesols wera gradually added lo the fleot, and »ow now swift sti amers are be ng built specially for the moathlv Australian servies The oil carapany has asain raised its capital to half a million and it will continuo in allunco with the now Gulf incorpora* non ISITBIUAI. Germen Consul-Gonoral Dr. ShoebeL of Samoa was a passengor by th« Cintra on Sitar dar for Brisbane to most tho Queen.land Ü.M.S, Taroba for Batavia en routo to Shanghai THE funeral of tho late Sir John Robertson, which took place yesterday aftnrooon, was one of tbo largest which has ever boon bold in Sidney. In addition to the procession, itself, besides tho military and othor bodies on foot, contained 150 carnage« with nearly all ths prominent moa m Britney. Tho streets en route to tho South Hoad emitory, whore tho interment took flaco, woro lined with dense crowds of people, a.l tho war from Circular Qu*y out as far as Woollahra, The Tunstal eorvioo wai connuo od by the Itor, P, Falcnor Mackenzie, who, on a provious ooca.lon, olïïoiated at Indy Roboitson's funeral. Tho wrosthj woro very numerous aud boauiiful. They wore oomposol mainly of white chrysanthemums to- gether with waite camellias and other euttablo floirors. Among t|hem wa» one from Searl and 8 ins, ordered by cablegram by Lord Carrington. It is understood lhat a ieiuisition is about to be stat to the Stator asking him to o_7one a meein¿ to considor tho proprietr of erecting a statue to the late Sir John Robonsin. A h/.naa audio ico attended at tbe Protestant Hall last night for the purpose of hearing a leo uro on Thoosophy by Colonel Olcott, the pre-idnnt of tho Theosophical Sooioty, Tne chair waa occupied by the Hon. E. Barton, M.L.O., and the Hou, Dr. Garran, M.L.O., and Dr. O'Xoill also took seats on the p atform. Colonel Olcott, who was «eil received, commenced by ehowin'ii that it was only the progress of modern thought, its gradual omanoipatian and devoio;<ment, which had rond-red tho establish- ment of such a society as the Theosophical possible, To rooara liberty of thought, to open up the sources of Eastern phlloiophy, and to place before the publio tlio biddon Sanscrit literature was tbe main object of the society.' The colonel, after dwelling on tho Eastern Byst»ra of psyoio ogy for a few'minu'o-, affirmod positivai?, out of hisowa personal knnnlodge, the exi-tonce of the esoterio or secret doctrine. Those who bidi- ved in it did not at'e'mbt to d-Qno the Indefinable, all they tried to do waa to strip off oourasreously every veil whioh stood betwoon their own conscience and iho truth, so that mun might stand out in "all his mirjeaty, and tho mind mi<lit epr^ail so as to raceWe all tho truth which it was ospablo of containing io help all mankind to acquire a knowlodg« ot the trutn was tho main object of ovry true theoso* pbist, and no distinction eithor of race or oreed was made. They wished to krlp poor siifforing humanity ; to teaoh it now to fljtht bettor and with contentment tho battle of life. This was practical thensophy, and, every adberont ought to try to live up to this ideal. So feral instances of iho practical good which hod been donB by tbeoaophy wvre givn by the colonel the ca«o of tho Sinalero being especially mentioned Tueso p-oplo had been taught to reaprot their own religion, and had been induced to live oionn aad |uro li.os. Uo encouraged alibis hoircrs to s'rive te live up to the idem of their own religioD, which theosopnyin nowa* wished to change. O-nit .i0U"unc-d formalism and inculcated develop- ment of the higher »eil on tho highest ptychio plane, Tueoiophr did the sarao. All trulh-seoker', whothor Bh'iddiiit, Parsee, Hindoo, or Christian, had t<ughttkissaaiitdnctrine, ihotwowereall but portions of the Univorsat principle. The srientillo man of to-day repudiated rniruoie«, but iho tnoo<ophi«l did the sume, and t a adopt claimed to bo not a miracle waiker, but ono who, having dovelopod tho divine nature wiihiu himself, hod b-come God-like in his powers, Tuo apparently identical condition of a corpse and a Fubjeot in mesmeric corni was used as an argument against materialising and Colonel Olcott expressed his intention of spending nomn months in France for the purposo of studying hypnotism. The lecturer then referred to the practical work which had been done by the Thoosopbicai Sooioty since ils founda- tion inclu ling the translation and disfibutioa of isn-cnt works, the establishment of schools, bos phills, && At the conclusion of tho lecture, Dr. Garra i moved a volo of thank», which was most cordially granted. TUE 10-poundor broaohloadmg competition ut continuation of that coirmoi cod sonio wcdis since, took placo at Middle Head on saturday, undor th» auspioes of the Artdlory Aeteeinlnn ol No* South Walo-. Provioualj, ught detaohinome of tke Per- manent Artillory and threo dolaci monte of the Vo unto ï Arbl ery had fired iheir omplomont of f> ur round- oaoh. Th«ie woro Mill li ft hvo detach- ments of tho Volunloor Arullory to Uro. Tnsio dotaohmonts did thoir work on Saturday undor fairly favourahlo oircumstnnecs, toe only drawback beug the wind whioh was from thi »ouih-weBt a d unusually strong Us comp tition was carriod out undor tho command of Major Bemlngton, who was also judge ol tho drill. Capta n Phillips aote I as scoror et thn batt ry, and Liou.enania M'ltae and lllako as scorers st the range. Too duties of timekeepers woro pcnormed hi _.ieutonauts Sanford, of llio Permanent Artil- lery, and Pringlo, of tho Volnn cor Artillery. Altogether the ouoiting was exceedingly eood The majority of tho shots wore in lino, and would doubt- less IIBVO struck u larRo vo»sol had it occupt.d the placo indicated by tho targot The »hooting of No. 0 batter) wai specially meritori- ous. Sergeant-Major Grioo acted as No 1, and his seconl shot pwrcol the target, and his «uocoírJinrj one droppod roty close to it As tho target «psodily disappeared it was replaced by another which was used until the contention was com- pleted. Sergeant-Major Uund, of No. 8 battery, aleo did some good shooting, as hkowiso did the battery to which Sergeant Grico is attached. The transit of the planet Mercury across the sun's disc occurred yesterday. The day was excep- tionally favourable, the only drawback being some very thin clouds which interfered from time to time with the clear definition of the planet on the edge of the sun, by causing the rapid vibration of the edges of these bodies, making it difficult to see them distinctly. The first contact of the planet with the sun was at 9h. 59m. 36.40s. a, in., and the internal contact at ingress at 10h. 8m. 36.40s. a.m. At egress the planet made contact with the sun's limb at 2h, 50m. 48.90s. p.m., and , the last contact of the planot with the sun occurred at 2h. 55m 2 Hw«. p.m. During the transit photographs wore taken at frequent intervals, through whioh the exact path of tho planot on tbi »un's snrfaoo wdi bs obtained by subsequent 'lioasuromont. 88 mioro meier moaauromonts w_V also eeenred, whioh will servo bp another mob § to dotormino Mrrourj s path on tho «un. Tüer^lo revoral small spots on tho eun whioh remain r___ctly visible, and appear on all the photogiaphAwACt mar b;> remomborel that at the tttne of the\"'Ï.Mt of Venus ono crest difficulty which beset flla work of observation W»B tbi. phenomenon! technically oa led » '? blade drop," whioh tneans that, owing » the state of the atmosphere tho planet and bs sun appeared to remain in contact and, as it wore to ,tr8 oh 0Qt ,no rJarîot into a soar ahapo in connection with tho ¿un's limb. This rondored it tory d ffloult to doter mine tie «sol moment when the two bodies aeparated bfcause the amount of extension of tho planet into the ' b ack drop " depended upon tho ¿tate of tho atmosphero increasing as the definition «row worse. This phenomenon eo troublesome in all observations of transit« of pi mets aoross ti o «un's limb is seldom or never absoat, and on th» pr^sont "ocasión marred the accuraoy of ihe observations because, although the dnv was eio»ptionally fino and bright, still there wna a good deal of vibration in the at nospbore which cau-od a sort of adhe«ion or incipiont black drop ' to affect aomo of tho obsoraations reoordod lostorday. Taken altoiotbor, ho»evor, tho ob>or»ations and photosrraphs aro excoedingl» satiafaotorv and fnrnish osact data as to tho transit of Meroury ocrosa tho sun's disc. Mercury was also observed with tbe trnnait instru- ment daring iho transit of ihe sun wh.oh will give another determination of groat value Tra Bits of the planet Mercurj across tho sun's dieo eui only occur m ths months of Moy and November, becauso it is onlv in thoso months that the planet comes into a position in a line between tho earth and sun, ond Dan be feen bv us proioetod on the enn's surface. A transit of Mercury ooonrs in May, at intervals of 13 years, as a rule. The three pre- ceding the present ono ocourrod on Mar 5, 1882 , May 8 IS 45 , and May 0, 1878 In November transite came some- times in eovon years, but oftonor in 13 years, for instance, to go baok only lo 1835, a transit occurred in that year, on November 7, in 1848 on November 10, io 1861 on November 12, in 1808 on November 6, and in 1881 on November 7. In 1881 a special request for observât on of tho transit of Meroury carne from Professor Newcomb (Wash- ington), and observers wore eont from Sydney to Ihe west in order to soouro those observations whioh wero satisfaotonly mado at Sydnoy, Katoomba and Bathurst Profosaor Newcomb had determined to use all the recorded transits of Moroury as a mean of 6e tlmg the qne<tion ss so whether tbo timo of tho earth s rotation is ohanging or not and ho came to the conoluiion that there has beon no perooptikle change in 200 years. Vory little or nothing is known about the pbvsical oouditim of the surface of Mercury, Sohrbter ant Harding tbonsht t«oy could see evidonces of mountains ia the planet, and computnd thenco ita period of rota- tion to be 24 hours 5 minutes, but astronomers of tbo pre ont day, with far moro powerful instru- ments, aro unable to verify those conclusions and now very lute wetgit is givon to thom, m 1808 however, a luminous annulus was so«n by several astronomers to rarrou d Meroury, and this mav indicat an ataaospnoro bat nothing of tins sort was eoon by Mr. Bushell or Mr S»llara who ob tervod the tra sit at 8ydnoy yeBterday Iv our issuo of May 5 wo pahhabod a cable Elating that tbo oil-painting the ' Mountain of tho Wind»,' by Mr. Frank Diokseo A,RA., shown at this winter's exhibition of tho Beyal Academ had been been I ought by Mr Knox D Aroy, of Queons land lor the sum of 2000 guineas The following aconunt of the pioture from tin Daily News will bo read with interest -'Mr Diokseo a 'Mountain of tho Winds is a grand imaginative work, and cannot fad to be ono of the memorable picture! of the «ar. lieolined on a lodge of elopi g rock Heelf barred by stronk' of vapour floated up from bolow the Goddoas of tho South Wind ia so-n in the full brightness of thomormnz light. A slight gauzy drapery half covors half reveals the llguro, one arm ros s upon a Balfron coloured robe. Above her the rainbow eprcals ne arob, whilo bolow bor, to tho righi, tho jagged mountain r d<os of tho earth Btrotch away nil azure under a space of ¡turo c1 md less sky But o Mir this tack of calm the West wind is rising, with its quickening înûuonoas and its health giving bioezes. Zephyr floats up in a swirl ef a nher cloud and war n-tintod drapery The wind of the bunny South tosses to him trio pótala of the ro o b ooms that ho heaped bv her sido Health, Bonutv, Youth and Bans me thus hold tbo centre and tho left of the composition. To tho right thiro ia murttiness and s or . Boreas, with ann rais-d threateningly loons through the black vapour a giant form, and Eurua cruel faced and treacherous, draws his lal cbion from the scabbard and is in the act of uo to ndinp up in tee Parth, following Iho «witt down ward plungo of the eagle that procdes him Iho tbrco male figures thus give the idol of motion theJ>ist of sbar,> quick attack, tho North of over- port ring irr eiitiblo strenuous aisault, the West ii the geniality of aiproaohing Spring A one aDdsupiemo bv beautv and by six, tno Godlo s of tbo South Wind reelin ng motionloss in the full, broad light of day, tyuifies tho bounty and the maturity of the y tar. A r.rciTiL upon the organ in tho Great Hall of tbe University una given by Miss Amv Thompson on Saturday afternoon Miss Thompson though young possesses musieianly abilities Her selec- tions wero varied in BIVIC, aud she rondorod thom in a mannor which waa thoroughly ap- preciated by the audiance Tho opoinug piooe was Mendols6ohn'a No 1 Sosata, tho différent movements of which wero well interpreted Book's I ugue, in G m nor, followod, and afforded an opportunity to Mbs Thom son to display her powers as an oxeouc nt, and she managed both the fingering and pedalling effc.0 ttvely A concert fantasia < n tno Harmonious, Blacksmith, bj Lax Gounod a Bneot Serenado, Handel's No. 1 Conco-to »nd Hoyerbeits ' chiller Match ' as arraogod by Mr W T Best, were included in the programme. The recitativo ¡ml ana ' Angels Ever Bright and I air ' waa al>o ron dered Miss Eva Ihompaon A.R.AM, bomg trio vocalist, and tho number was war nly receivod. ALTOOLOH there wen ohangis of bill at the Theatre Royal, (ho Oritenon and the Garrie«, oa Saturday ovening asd despite the fact that tho Elijah" attracted an iramo se gather ing to th i Contonmul Hall thoro was a largo attendance at Her Majesty s llioatro The supernatural and legendary drama of "The Corsioah Bro hors, ' with its ronoantio story and thrilling ghost effeot», is evidontly in high favour with the public Its repre'ontolion nowever, cannot be continued after iridav woek As we announcod on W dnesdav, Mr. George Uig nold by arrangement with Messrs. Mnomahoi, will producá on Satmda), the 2Srrf instant for tho first time in Australia, a successful American play, ' The Country tair." IN plooe of the ordinary variety entertainment, Mr Larmour, lessee of Hie Coogoo Palaco Aquiuum, has ariaiued to havo dancing and skating on Saturday afternoon. Ihe ooanire of entortainmont was imuatid last Saturday, and proved very ouo cessful By tho num or who took part in boto lhess amusements, it was cbarlv alnwn that in winter timo st any ratethi visitor« to this aquarium prelcr healttiy aud invigorating «xorciso to Intoning to Boags aud rooltauonB. Tho quadr.lle party on Wcdnoday night» IB e'lll kopi up an! for the futuro tho hall will bo opon for skating on Thurs- day nights. THE I ist presentation of the weekly pro ramme wa» mado at the Alhambra Muslo Ha 1 on iatun'ay night wbea the homo from gallon to stalls wa-» oompletely filled. Too minstrelsy though rather lengthy nover got tedious thanks to the efforts of tho corner men, an 1 in the o io many woll kno »n arliBts oppparod Among theso weie the Unrvay Brothers Charley r«ning ItisB Priscilla Vor e, and tho Blair »îslorn On Monday night an entirely new programme will bo submittod. Tne chango of location malo by the Cottier Company from the Protestant Hall to tho Hay markot Hall apprara to have had tho desired efftot, for on Saturday night a large houBe grootod the performers. Mr Will Mettam song niooly " Klsle of the Glen " and Harry Cottier followed with tho comm refrain "bal y with the Coal Blaok Eyes" for whioh he was roonllod "The Dring 8oout" was feelingly rondorod by Miss Kato Caroy. In the song ond dance ' Pretty Blue Bills," Misa Lena Merrick proved hoKOlf a pretty dancer, and received much applause Miss Amy lilookio was in good voico and sang oharmingly " Sit by mo, mothor." At tho oonoiuBion of tho song a pretty bouquot wai handod lo her from the orchestra chairs, 1 bo wcond part consisted of dances, »keto ea, «nd dramatio eongs The whole oon cludod with the Microns fame .> Call at 3." The programme wl I be repeated to night. TUB Vaudeville Mustml and Specialty Company still continue to draw orowded houses nightly at Iho School of Arts, notwi hstanding tho fact that tno «eason has now bopn running for over 20 week«. On Saturday a matinee porlormnnco was givon in addition to the u-ual evoning enterlainmont. Tho programmes presented on both occasions wero oxoal lent, and inoludod the names of several now artistes, TBB attendance at the Bondi Aquarium on Satur- day was considering tho cold weather, vorv goo i, «na the ooncort which was givon in the main ha'l waa enjoyed by «II. Tbo singing was of the ordinary minslrel stamp, among those who took part in it being MU, Bav Cowan, Harry Cremar, Mr. J, B. Porter, Miss Florence Sohnlor Jo nny Cowan, and Mr Goorgo lurner. Mr Harry Fair, field, who appeared on the slack wiro, rocoivod encouraging oheers, and for the ballad "Light, neusa by tho 16a,' by Mia« Fleten« Bohuler, an encore was demanded. A faros, "Domoetio Troubles," oonoludod an interesting programme. Mr. Harry Sinclair, who aoted as musical direotor, did good service. THE monthly meeting of the Soots' Church Band of ITo'io wes held on Wednesday evening, the 6th instant, when a programme »as gone through oon Bisting of solo« (vocal and instrumental), reading, recitations, dialogue, and address by Rev. T. E. Olnu.tOD. B.A. Tho Rev. \V. M. Dill-Hacky pre- sided, and a vory pleasant ovoning was spent. THE Cornishmon of Now South Walos gave a complimentarv hirbnur trip to tho Eev. Mark Guy Poarse on Saturday. Tho s.a. Water-now loft the floating jotty earlv in the oftomnon, and steere! down the bay to the Head«, and thon ran up Middlo Harb _r. During the trip light refreshments were sorvorl, and the company wore kept amused bv the rev, gentleman's r.adv wit and vast accumulation of stories. Among those present woro tho Bevs. Dr. Kelynack, T. B. Tress, B. Bavin, George Brown, and W. G. Tailor, Me»Brs. Ilawkon, M.L A., narroy (sooro tary of tho Corniihmen'a As-ocia ion), J Hardy, and J, Carov, and the members of the committee of tho as-0'i»tinn. Tho party returned to town about half-past 5, aftor a very enj'oyable onting. "INOIDRKTS in Mission Life in Now Guinea," was the titlo of a lecture delivered in the small hall of the Y. M. C. A. on Saturday evening, by tho Rov. J. Ohalrnors. Tho chair was occupied by Mr. David Walker. Tho lecturer gavo a very graphie do'cription of tho habits of tho natives of Now Guinea, relating many interesting stories associated with his long oxporienco as missionary amongst them, and impressing upon his hearers the nocossity for further efforts for tho spiritual onliahtoninent of tho people. At tho doss a vote of thankB was aocordud to tho lecturer. Last evening tho rev. gentleman again spoke upon the same subj'eot. A Casa of sudden death occurred yesterday after- noon. A man named Gcorgo Slook, 50 roars of ago, and a resident of Balmuin, was standing at tho intersootion of George nnd Wynvard streets, wa'ch ing i he passage of the funer il procession, whoa he dropped without tho slightost warning to the pavo mo'it Constablo Call, of Nouiral Bay, who was in the vicinity, quickly placed the man in a cab and conveyed him to tho Sydney Hospital, where Dr Davideon, upon oxamioation, pronounced life to bo extinct. The bode was subsequently removod to North Sidney Morgue. The customary notification ha» been givon to the Coroner, and an inquest will bo hold to-day. TUB name of the mailboy who was admitted to Prince Alfred Hospital on Friday lait «offering from fracture of tho "kail, caused bv belog thrown from his horse in OryaUl-ttrcot, Potorahaan, was incorrectly «tsted in Saturd iy's iesuo to be Thama« Collins. His proper name is Corliss. THOMAS KOSTBW, one of tho men injured in the disastrous oxplosion at tho works of tho Fresh Food and Ice Company, Darling Harbour, on Thursday last, diod in the Sydney Hospital at noon ou Satur- day. The Coroner has decided to disponso with au inquest, Jortn Cno_r,B, a nationt in the North Shoro Cottage Hospital, who was admitted to that insti- tution on the 7th instant suffering from injurieB received at Gordon, oxpired yesterdar. .An inquest will b» held at 10 o'olock this «norning. Tiru jockey named Sydney Robinson, who was injured in the hurdle raeo at tho Rosehill racecourse, is >n the Parramatta Hospital. Hi» faoa and chest aro badly injured, nut Ihn case is not considered very serious. Dr. W. S. Brown attended him. THE circumstances surrounding tho doath of a Chinaman named Pah ïon formed tho subject of a ooronial inqueit on Saturday. Do-ea«od, it ap poor«l from the evidence elicited, wa» employed oa tho 17th ulti no upon tho sicamor Tsinai, thon lying at Townsville (Quoonsland). Whilst carry- ing a case 'of opium from tho hold to the deck of (hat vessel he foil and fracturo! his (kuli He was attonded by two do tors, aid subsequently broniht to Sydnoy and almitted to the Sydney Hospital, where ho expired on tho 8th instant A verdict of accidental death was returned. Tua Argua, referring to Mr. Itoid's »peooh against federation, thus deals with his objeotion lo tho cause in the bill allowing the Goternor-Gonorol to sond messages to Parliomo 't »ugiosting amend- ments in billa aftor they have been piesod by the LogUlature :-" But Mr. Eoid must know that the -procedure which he ondomns is a familiar one, and is one which ia found of groat practical use. In Victoria, for oxamplo, it is in constant service Aftor a bill bas bean passed by both Houses, it is supposed tobe revio«*« 1 in the Crown law offices, and if technical or verbal errors aro discovered, then tbo Minister brings down a message from tbo Crown suggesting the neoeseary corrections, And this power, which is used evorv soss on for tbo publia good, i» de- scribed hy Mr. lleid as something extraordinary -Bomothing, indeed, unheard of-andas ratal to the liberties of tho people. It is a dis.ppointmont to find so able a man at Mr. lleid on such a platform, with Sir John Robertson, Mr. M'Elhone, Mr. Dibbs, Mr. Slavery, and so on, and ueing such arguments. At the samo limo, if tho «tronrost maa of tho anti Aus'i llian party has no botter caso than this to put forward, thoro «hoald not be much to /esr from the opposition to tho nuional cause." FnoK a Molbourne contamnorary wo loam that a «tatoment is boing prepared by the Minister of Education for tho consideration of tho Cabinet in referimos to the oporations of tho various schools of mino« whioh havo bono established in dinmont parts of ti e colony. Sir Frcdoiiok Sargood finis, as a result of inquiries whioh ho has made, that in many ot tho ¡n.tuutions subject« quite foroien to the pnrpo-o for which they wore established ara taught, and in view of this foot the Minister '.ill ask his colleagues to consider «.hotber it ia advisable that tho Govor. ment Bhould continuo giving thom support, as schools of minos. Among the subjuots of inalruotioa aro bookkeeping, shorthand, telographr, ard the higher bra-oho» of freehand drawing, and tho Minister thinks it worthr of consideration that in giving itato aid for such tuition tho Government mir be intorforing with tbo work of private tcaohora in a manner which was never oontomplatod by Parliament A CABLE moasage whioh appoarod somo time ago with reforonco to a demand for wolfram on tho Continent bas (eays the Argus) eau «ed the Mining Department to maka inquiries as to whether it is to be found among the mineral do posits of tho oolony. Tho records of the d' pert- inent show that a wo fram lode was discovered at Skipton many years ago, and the Go- vernment geologist) Mr. R A, l'\ Murray) has boen instructed to mako an exa ninatinn of this lacality with a view of ascertaining whether tharo are in- dications of any extensive deports there. Wolfram, it may bo explained, is a native tungstate of iron and manganese. In its lode form it nos all the appearnnouof iron ore, and only a» expert can doteot tim difference betwesn tho two. In a liquid con ilkjoif^woliram is usod for rendering clothing imporvious to Uro. A runsot- may be a Chinaman "within the meaning of the Act," even i bough ha nas been bora in No* Zealand of a European mothar, and has never travnllod beyond the territorial limits of Australasia in his life. The nationality of the fa'her is the only test whioh the law regards, and consequently oven an Australian nativa, or rather an Australasian nativo, is prevented by the Chines« Im migration lUstriouon Act from returning to the land of his birth if once he leaves it Mr. Hock Soung, who is placed in this anomalous position, had these faots sot before him yesterday, snys the Argus, by the ofno-rs of the Customs De partmont wuon ho expressed his dosiro to visit China in company with ita aged father, and after- ward» return to Viotoria. It was pointed out to him that ho oou d not bo exempted from the ordinary provisions of tho la», and that the only way he c«a return is by securing a pasaago on como steamar from China willah carrios fewor than her logal number of Chinóse passongors, that is to say, one for every 500 tons burtbon. A mtA.s'On .£ fruit culture whioh has bean hitherto nojriooted in tho oolony, eaya the Argus, is the growth of those vario ios which ara especially adapted for drying and canning purposes. With ? vie« of encouraging the preservation aad export of fruit by these proceses the Minister of Agriculture has given mitruotions that difle ent Bamplee of fruit trees shall bo obtained and plao.d in th* hands of trustworthy orchard-owners for experi- mental purpo»eB, so that tho moBt suitable varie- ties of fruit for different districts may bo ascer- tained. IT is extremely improbable (snys a Melbourna contemporary) that tho Government will take any I steps to have Victoria repro eated at tho Industrial Exhibition whioh has been inaugurated at Ohloago in colobration of the lour hundredth annlvsraory of tho discovery of America by Columbus. The matter has not boon formally brought before the Cabinet, but Mr. Munro etatos that, considering the dopleted condition of tho Treasury, ho will lia mclinod to discountenance any oxpondituro ia euch a direc- tion. SPEAKWQ of the recent census, the Argus say« the roturas with regard to all the capital cities of Australia and Tasmania bave now been issued, The totals, whioh, hewevor, IÍÍTO still to ba »vised, are :-Melbourne. : 489.185 ; Sydney, 888,400 ; Adelaiao, ÍSS.OOO-, Brisbane, 55,959; Hobart, 24,884 ¡ Launceston, 17,258 ; Perth, 0(315. Tho inoreaso in Melbourne In the past decade has been at the rate of about 180 per cent, that of Sydney »bout 70, and tho other per- centages of growth vary down to about 00 per cent, in the case of Hobart À number of oitios in Victoria will be found to rank abovo tho thrio last-namod in tho foregoing list as regar.ls their numbera of inhabitants, includingSonth Mclbourno, 41,510; Balarat, 41,488; Prahran, 89,765; Eiottmond, 88.865 ; Collingwood, 84,986; Fitzroy, 82,B83; Bendigo, 26,785; while no fewer than 17 separate divisions of the metropolitan area now show populations of upwards of 10,000 eaoh. Tnn sister-in-law of a pauper widow in Stirling, Scotland, recently died, and lol t £14,000 to the Fre» North Churoh of Stirling. An application (say« the Scotsman) was made for some provision for the poor sister-in-law, which the Deacon's Oouit of that Church rerusod to entertain. Tiiooase mino beforo the Barony Paroihial Boord, Glasgow, on February 20, aud 'bo condaot of tho Churoh in question waa «evorely conmantod .Uion. It can hardly be supposed limt tho Board was actuated by greed or any unworthy motive in making ita application, Tho completo romoval of one poor widow from its paap-r list weuld nut Rreatly roliovo the poofcets of its ratepayers. But tho members of the board know Mr«, ohaw to be " a doo-nt well- doing woman," and they know that Mrc. Shaw's sisier-in-law had enriched tho Free North Churoh of Stirling by £14,000. And thor doubtless jumped to tho conclusion that thjs Christian congregation would bo delighted to show its gratitude and exeroise its obarity by making the siater-in-lew of its bentfaotress com- fortable for life. It waa a natural and reason- able conclusion. But ("ays the journal from whioh we quote) it was founded on tbo a>sump tioa that tbo Fiee North Church of Stirling, or, say, it« Deacon«' Court, was a reasonable, charit- able, and possibiy Christian body. Tho Barony Board items to have been filled with as- tonishment on discovering that a Free Onnrah Deacons' Court may bu as destitute of a seul as any worldly corporation. The Court in question, howovor, looked at the application from a strictly business point of viow. It is not difficult ta imagino tho reasons by whioh it may have justi- fied to itaalf its rejection of the appdeatiun. Mrs. Shaw had no onforceab o claim on it. The testa- trix did not loavo her money for tho benotit of Mrs. Shaw, but for the uao of tho Fioo North Churoa ot Stirling. Doublloss, therefore, ahn meant it to ge to the Church and not to tho widow. What right, then, had tile Church to divert the smallest fraction to a aso for which tho testatrix had not intended it ? Any attorney with half aa eye wou'd seo that the Church wa« justified in refusing to givo Mre. Shaw a balf^e^uy. But at tho same time any person who had read ono or two ohaptrs of tho New Testament would be ino inod to say that that voluin» had never boon introduced to the notice of the Free North Ohurch Deacons' Court. CAJTAIN MALAOOLI, of tbo Italian Army, who has for «oaiu time bean conducting a series of oxporimonts in training oarrer-pigoons for mili- tary purposes, bas publiBhud tbo results of his effona in a brochure, which is attraotiog con- siderable attontion in the Intelligence Depart- ments of the French and German annies. It had hitherto b-cn easy enough to train birds to fly home from more or loss distant spots; but tbo attompta to odacato thom to do a return journey had not been sue essful until Captain Malogoli devoted him-olf to tho work. Th« scono of his operation a was Uume and the port of Givita Vocchia. situated about 40 miles to the west of the I to) Un capital. After niontus of ssaidu'-us labour, this oflioer at length huccooried in obtaining a staff of carritr pigeon« which would take a lettor from Romo to Civita Veochin, and return with an anawor from tho latter to the former city. The birdi do not require an hour in periorming tho journey of 40 milos, and eveiy day, for a long timo paht, Captain Malogoli has been ssnumg mo-sages and roceiving ropltes by each of the grained birds within three hours, including rest and feeding. With this success the Captain claims to have accomplished an important advance in tho provision of a corps of mossongors, which, in iho absono« of the telegraph, would bo oapable of ren- dering the most important services to an army in time of war. Tho motive forces to whiuh this Italian officer appen s in training his birds aro tho familiar ones of "'hunger and love ; " and what he has thus dono for th« Italian army will spordily lind imitators among officers counoctod with the armies of Frunce and Germany. AT the " General Court " of tho Governor and Com any of tho Bank of England, hold on Maioh 12 (ears the Daily Neva), Mr. L ddorrlola himself gavii a modest account of the great UnancUl aeliiovo mont by which h« averts 1 the late financial crisis. This waa as diamaiioally intaires-mg in ite way as any i hing over imagined by the author of " Monte Onoto." The bank know that tho houso of Baring waa in difficulties »one time before the cneis, but it had no idos that these difficulties meant a liability of 21 millions of pounds. Even tho Bank of Englund ceems to havo trumbled when tho full extont of tno dangor «ai rovealid. What followed in well known, but it has never been put eo improssively as in Mr. Lidderdale'u l'uw and simple words, '. It was neaily 5 o'olock on the ' aCtornoon of friday,"ho eayn, ''when tho guarantee list was op mod. and heaWod with ona million stor I ling by the Bank of .England, in half an hour I th« amount reached three and a quarter millions. By 11 o'clock the noxt morning (Saturday) it was six and a half millions; and at 12 O'CIOOK 1 was abio to announce that the liabilities of the finn would bo culy met." It is satisfactory to learn that tho hank and the otbor guarantors h«v.i had no reason t-> repent of their publio spirited action, and that Von Mollie'» " all ii in ordur " might be aiiplied to the pro«ent situation of Messrs. Bar- ing'« affairs. No despatch over penned by that groat General, or, indeed, by any other, dealt wMi moro tren on don i issnos than those to which tho Governor's speech refers. By 12 o'clock on that fateful Saturday Mr. Liddordao must have felt that h had nothing to envy ia the feolicgs of a conqrueeor of Sedan, or of Austerhu. MR. J. F. BOONS, M.L.A., intends to nddross the electors at the Oddfellows' Hall, Manly, this evening. Tun thirty-fifth annual meeting of the Ohnroh Sooicty or Home «llsslon fund of tho Church of long- land, in the dioco-8 of bydnoy, is to bo held tuis even- ing, in thu Hull of the Y. M. C. A., Bathurst-streor, under the presidency of the Earl of Jersey. THE following is the report of the Prince Alfred Hospital for the week ended May 0 ¡-Admitted,- 31 males, 20 fumalrs ; discharged, 21 males, lo fount los; died, 1 malo, 3 females ; remaining la hospital on May 10, 114 malos, 01 females; number of oat-patient« treated during th« week, 370; number of casualty oases treated but sut admitted, 209 ; total, 579. Tbere are li typhoid oases in the hospital. 