-$$$$ Jtep0- ' LONDON TABLE TALK. fFrom our Special Correspondent.] London, Mav 1, 1891. « TUe great Taciturn,' as the Germans ^^niringly christened Von Moltke, remained tlie same to the end. He was silent at the zenith of his glory, he remained silent in the presence of his only conqueror, Death. The aged field marshal frequently expressed a desire to die swiftly, painlessly, and in silence. Providence granted the prayer. Without illness or more than a moment's mental weakness he passed suddenly into eternity. went to the offices of the general staff in .the morning and .discussed with charac teristic acumen the plans for the fortifica ' cation of Heligoland. In the afternoon : he attended the sitting of the Prussian Diet, and walked briskly home. At the family dinner or supper the old soldier told ? the party that a man had sent him a paper on which he calculated that Von Moltke's birthday had never fallen on a Sunday -from, the day upon which he was born in l§00 till his last or 90th birthday. 'HI were ? superstitions,' said he, little tliink ing that two hours hence he would be lying starkand. cold, 'I might believe I liad seen my last birthday.' After supper there was ths regular game of whist. GfiC-e ortwice the fieid-niarslial sighed and , said he wasn'ifeeling very well. 'Then,' said his.son,' 'we'U leave off, and Dress ? ler shall give us a little music. We can listen here.' But Count Von Moltke * replied laughingly, 'H I do not go ' ' .iinto the room with him ,Ke -won't play.' These may be re garded as ihe last words this great man ' . ever spoke. He left the room for a moment, his nephew hearing a groan fol lowed. The count was leaning against the door post insensible. In half an hour \- Jie died quietly on his small camp bed stead, von Moltke was bald, and with- \ out Ms wig. his head precisely resembled I Julius Caesar's. This is particularly notice able now he lies in the death sleep. The Emperor was for a moment half stunned by the suddenness of the catastrophe. He j was shooting at Eisenach, but returned j at once to Berlin, and spent half an hour in the death chamber alone. His Majesty's ^exuberant eulogium on Von Moltke though heartfelt^compares oddly with xjur Queen's invariably well-expressed and restrained phrases under similar circumstances. Deeply moved, the Emperor sees' his aged hero, his faithful friend, torn from Ms side. 'May his memory be honored, may he live on ~- -through all time indelible in the page of j Mstory. Till Ms last breath he served nie and my illustrious house in~ modest simplicity, in unselfish fulfilment of duty, ?--.._ and Unchanging faithfulness.' In tliis last sentence some people profess to see a slap at Bismarck. Whist was essential to ,Von Moltke's night's rest., and, lie played it even on the evs-«f -momentous battles. Last Friday ; the count wound up his final game on earth by winning the 13 tricks of the j rubber each and all himself. At this rare result the old man, though com plaining of indigestion, chuckled. Here are some stories of the deceased collated from the obituary notices : — On the occasion of Count Moltke's 90fch birthday a Viennese educational society had the good idea to ask a number of ! eminent men who had attained a ' ripe old age' as to the best way to grow old. . 5p.urteen.-men, whose combined ages amounted to 1,160 years, answered the ' questions put to them, and of these answers the jnost interesting were those supplied by Count Moltke. We give the questions, together with the nonageu : arian's answ,ers, in full : — Youth. — At ? what . age did' your schooling begin and h'owmanyJioHrs.a day did you study? — In 1808, when I was eight years old. I learned four hours a day ; after 1S10 I studied ten hours every day. Was your health during youth delicate or -strong? — I was of a tough nature. Were you brought up in town or in the country 1 — In the country, up to my tenth year. How- many hours daily did you spend in the open air ? Regu larly ? — Irregularly, and only a few hours. i)id.TOU have athletic and other physical exercises ?— 2fo, methodical ones. How many hours did you sleep ? — Ten. Special observations ? — Joyless youth, scanty food, away from home. Riper Age. — Did you finish your education in town. or in thejcountry?— In town. How many hours of mental 'work daily %— Differed greatly. Do you attribute a favorable influence on your health to a special manner of living 1 ? — Moderation in all habits. Outdoor exercise in all weathers. No day entirely spent indoors. How long did you sleep?— About eight hours on the average. What changes in your daily habits did you make on the approach of a riper age 1 — None. How long daily did you- work in your 50th, 60th, 70th, and 80th year?— That depended. on circum \- ' stances : often 'verv Ions. 'What were your recreations '-^-Riding, on horseback' up to the age of 86. How many hours do you spend in the open air? — At present1 lialf ^he-day ; during the summer on my estate. How long do you sleep ?-^-Eight hours stilL What are your habits with ?regard to taking food ? — I eat very little, and substitute concentrated nourishment. - To whafrreason do you primarily ascribe your 'healthy, old age ? (in which may God long preserve you). — To God's graceand moderate habits. Among the most interesting of all the : stories with which the public- was flooded on the occasion of Moltke's last birthday ?were those contributed to the Speedier by . Herr G. von Bunsen. Here are one or two of them- 'The scene was one of ihe 1'Hs to-the west of Sedan during the afternoon of September 1, 1870. Accom panied by a small Tetinue of staff officers, Moltke had sallied forth to find out whether the forces sent at early dawn, one to the right and one to the left, with a view to encircling the doomed adver-; . sary, had' accomplished their task. ,lJ6thing was to be seen. Of a sudden the figure of ' a solitary horseman caught ? raieir.eye coursing at mil. speed in a direction somewhat parallel to theirs. It was an officer, who, on recognising the* Field-Marshal, turned towards the group to tell . his tale^-namely, that' at ileh-an hour and at such a place two '. ? German-brigades had met each other; one' \- marching from the south and the other' 'j .fiami^eiioTth. At the general's request ? \ lie 'repjeafed the message, emphasising - rea^E-jrorcLof it. Moltke then was. seen' . taking a' pinch of snuff, and, while bowing pblitelyitathe^nviable messenger of such : wqfld-movjng news, lie said, *Esstinunt.' AgaisLlamatalosshowtotranslatethegi'eat ari£hnietieiaii's speech. 'The reckoning : had- come right, ' ? the counter-calculus agreed' — in- fact/ Michael Cassio-had. for once attained the primary; and final pur pose , of a campaign! In his eyes, ap parently, .battles .are fought in. order -to put the enemy, not to flight,, but isiside a cage. Sadowa is said for this reason never to have satisfied him,' Herr. von .Bunsen gives another glimpse intO'Moltke's-inner. man during. the very first-days after the French proclamation of war, which discloses a; little developed talent for banter. A friend of many years' standing greets the field marshal, whom he meets sauntering? along in the #J*J»^w«^a./ wig.c-* '*ir»+J^ -£( -*r ? ? ' ^ ? ?y«rfced-iwleed at present.' 'Well, no, Pain not,' replies- Moltke; 'the work TCae.doneJ-e£orfihand ; all owiei-s are gone - out ; I Jia^e- a:eally-: nothing-- to do.' A few^mimites later he. is stopped in the ^ame' street by a man:wii3i'whom he lias tjeeifihrpwn into business; relations since ? jtfceipjtrcjiaser (srafch .moneys .voted . by. the : T i^usasiRA.'ParfEijnejifc) of » the .house, and ': , iaateisarf^Sresmau.- S3H^arJiolesaLe:sdeasler -—. Is^iAepraaSbie/ His happiness -in life ?' seems to depend- -upon ? knowing - -preeisely ' * what nis excellency may think of. the aspect of affairs. ' Oh,' repliesthelatter meekly 'I am quite satisfied. ; the prospects of my barley, it is true, are but middling ; winter rye, however, gives admirable promise, and that you know is the chief thing.' It seems a pity that this scene in the Behrenstrasse at Berlin in the month of July, 1870, cannot be painted. A pretty little story was told of Count Moltke and a deputation of ladies who came to congratulate him on his ninetieth birthday. He had received them very amicably, and talked to them for some time in his quiet pleasant way, when referring to all the good wishes that had been showered upon him he said, 'I am almost sorry on noticing all this affection that I am not a young man vagain.' ' How old would you like to be, sir I asked one of the ladies. ' Well,' replied the nonagenarian and smiled, ' If I could only be 80 once more. ' Another good story used to be told with great glee by the old Emperor William, who prided himself on having discovered Moltke. One day in the twenties, when he was inspecting a Brandenburg regi ment, he was struck by the intelligent ex pression of a tall, spindle-shanked young officer, whom the colonel described to Mm, in answer to a question, as 'Young Von Moltke, who has come over to us from Denmark.' The Emperor continued the story thus: — 'A few months after wards I received for examination the written essays of the officers of that regiment. Among them I found one on the defence of Copenhagen, the admirable design of which very agreeably surprised me. It was signed *Helhnuth von Moltke,' and -1st Clice remembered that this officer had attracted my attrition at the review. I then studied the essay closely, and handed it, with an autograph remark, to the chief of the generakstaff, who was induced to summon Moltke to work in that institution. I was thus enabled to smooth the field-marshal's way on Ms magnificent career.' The charge against Captain Verney was again gone into at Bow-street on Satur day. Several witnesses recognised the accused as the person who had engaged houses at Kennington and New Quebec street, Marylebone, for Madame Rouillier; and Richard Russell, an ex-sMpmate of Verney, described the circumstances under which he came to receive letters for Ms old captain. The seaman, a bluff honest creature, appears in the first ill stance to have swallowed Veniey's assurance that the queerly-addressed letters were connected with his Parlia mentary labors. When, however, he read of Miss Baskett's case in the papers he remembered the letters addressed to Verney as Wilson, and 1 put two -. and. _±jv3)__ .together. The captain at this time sent witness a civil letter-of thanks and a douceur of £2. He returned the money with an abrupt note. MissBaskefct, recalled, deposed rather more fully to the particulars of her meeting with Wilson just outside Captain Vemey's rooms in Bridge-street, Westminster. The witness was walking with her mother at the time and saw Wilson coming towards them. Loud enough for him to hear she said, ' Mother, here's that beast Wilson.' The man paused and on seeing her mother passed rapidly along. Cross examined by Mr. Wontner, witness ad mitted that Wilson's worst familiarities in Paris had' consisted of twice trying to put his arms round her. Rouillier told her she got the money from Wilson to send witness home with. At Bow-street yesterday Verney was fully committed for trial after the hall porter at the Travellers' Club and a hair iresser in Bridge-street, Westminster, had deposed to receiving letters for him in the name of Wilson. The most im portant evidence, however, was tendered by the keeper of a small Paris hotel, or rather house of accomvnoda,tion. This person first of all identified defendant as the Mr. Wilson for whom she had habitually received letters, and then gave particulars of Ms visits to her place with Madame Rouillier, against whom she was a witness last year. The dame furthermore created a pro found sensation by swearing most posi tivety that the defendant had on one oc casion offered her 100 francs or more if she liked to act as Ms intermediary in the pur chase of virgins. She refused, however, to have anything to do with such goings . on. A few questions implying the possi bility of an alibi were again put-in cross examination, and after some demur the lion, member was admitted to bail, two sureties of £2,500 each and himself £5,000. On dit that within 24 hours of the con clusion of the Hurlbert case a gentleman not unconnected with the Government and the Times called on the much injured defendant, and advised him to proceed to the States forthwith and- to find Wilfred Murray. 'I should go soon,' he said, 'and if (significantly) you fail to discover the rascal it would be unwise to return.' Mr. Hurlbert blustered a bit, and turning up at his clubs as usual, endeavored to carry off the situation with characteristic bravado ; but it wouldn't do. The best men cut Mm, and he retreated mortified. In Friday's papers there appeared a letter wliich has hit Mr. Hurlbert very hard. . It. was from the plaintiff, and gave some account of the manner in wliich the : defendant's case was got up. Miss Evelyn, who it seems is a genuine clergyman's daughter (don't smile), com plains that it is very hard, because she lias not always rigidly resisted man's per suasive voice, 'that her oath should be treated as oi no account, ana nerseir as the scum of the earth.' She states that Hurlbert's defence was an absolute sur prise to her counsel, 'not a word having been said of an alibi in the affidavits. Miss Evelyn says : — ' In these affidavits not a word was suggested as to mistaken identity or that the real defendant was Mr. Hurlbert's quondam secretary 'Wil frid Murray.' On the contrary, Mr. Oakley Hall, who ought surely to know Mr. Hurlbert's writing perfectly, having been in his employ for many years, never mentioned such a person as 'Wilfrid Murray.' But Mr. Oakley Hall went away before the trial, and my sub poena could not be served. From that time detectives were set on my track, who called at my. apartments, using, insulting language. I removed from one place to another like a hunted animal. For months past I have been on my oath, having had to answer the most minute in terrogatories as to dates of promises and intimacy, places of meeting, witnesses, &c; One affidavit after another was sworn to and filed by me, giving the fullest de tails. Messrs. .Lewis obtained an order for discovery of documents, and thus became acquainted with every letter, envelope, seal, diary, and scrap of paper of any kind in my possession relating in any way to the case. Copies of all the letters, 181 in number, were type-written for them at .their, request, and the French portions, which are considerable, were translated. (These, letters were all that remained in my possession, . though since my first meeting with Mr. Hurlbert I liave re ceived nearly 400 letters from Mm). Can any reasonable man' suppose that he, the most interested party, knew nothing about this ? If he were an idiot, incapable of managing his own affairs, it might be belieyed, but he is a clever man, not at all likely to submit blindly to the advice and guidance of others. It is most re markable that the pencilled memoranda in his 'Murray's Guide,' which was never produced till the third or fourth day of trial, should correspond so exactly to the dates I had sworn to months previously, and again unshaken in the witness-box. Letters were received by my solicitor accusing me .of perjury and fraud all with the same intent — that of bringing the utincst pressure in every direction \- to-stop the action. It is very certain that r had- there *-een- the slightest proof of per ' jury, or fraud on my part they, wouldluive - :ljeen only too. glad' to proceed at once, and -mercilessly, against «ie. My legal 'advisers, - Mr. W. Nevbould and Mr. Reynolds, are men of unassailable honor and perfect .straightforwardness. Believing from the first hi the honesty and justice of my claim, they remained firm and stanch to the end. - The pleadings were so delayed and complicated that the case was pre vented being heard last session as it other wise would have been, but it has been known for months past by all parties con cerned that no further delay could be pos sible, and that the trial must come on early in April. Mr. Lewis served subpoenas nearly tliree months ago for the witnesses to attend the court on April 7. On my side, owing to the expense involved in such a course, I was unable to have a discovery of documents, or to put Mr. Hurlbert under interrogatory. The defence sprung upon me wliile in the witness-box under cross-examination was a totally different one to that made in reply to my statement of claim, and the denial of identity was an absolute surprise to my counsel, solicitor, and myself. I had never seen any of the documents pr- ;- duced before. Mr. Hurlbert, not being bound down by affidavit, interrogatory, and discovery, as I was, could freely in troduce from time to time during the trial any paper or letter obtained, no matter how or when, to uphold his case. The fact is, Mr. Hurlbert and his astute lawyers imagined that Ms vastly superior wealth and influence would beat me out of the field long ere the trial began. With regard to the envelope in my handwriting addressed to Mrs. Hurlbert, I had for gotten the incident, and had not an opportunity of explaining afterwards. I have never in my life written to that OTievously- iniured lady, nor, is it so alleged even by the ' cliivalrous' Attorney General. The envelope was addressed by me at Mr. Huribert's avfn request. I always thought, until the early part of 1890 that Mrs. Hurlbert was the aged relative who resided with him, and at whose death he hoped to inherit a fortune.' The epidemic known as Russian in fluenza has been raging in the north with unexampled fury, and seems now to have seized on London. Sheffield appears to be specially seriously attacked. Thou sands are down with the complaint, and last week there were no fewer than 50 deathsinthetownalonefrom it. Tocompre hend what tMs means I must explain that though the epidemic was severely felt in Sheffield last year there were only 14 deaths in the twelvemonth from it. The local death-rate now works out to the alarming figure of 57 '5 per 1,000. A lad of 16, named Christopher Rich mond, recently charged Mr. Charles Allan Fyffe, M.A., the well known historian and Liberal candidate for Guildford, with atcejsjating to commit a criminal -assault in a railway' carriage. On being admitted to bail Mr. Fyfie went home, and ob serving that his innocence was of no con sequence as to have such a charge brought at all was lifelong disgrace, attempted to commit suicide. Fortunately, the poor man did not succeed, and will, it is hoped, recover. His case has attr?.-cted consider able sympathy, and may lead to its being made a penal offence to publish names in such, cases until after conviction. The autumn melodrama at Drury Lane will be 'Formosa,' with Mrs. Langtry as the fair but frail Anonyma. What a sensational diseussion tins piece provoked when it first came out. Ladies of easy virtue were not considered permissible on the stage in those days, and the realistic scene representing Formosa's villa at Twickenham called forth howls of horror from the Steads of the period. Adelaide Neilson was asked to act Formosa, but neitner sne nor any oi cue oiner avauaoie 'stars' cared to risk such a role, and Katherine Rodgers, an experienced pro vincial actress, ultimately created the part. The play was a success, and ran a long time for those days. Arthur Cellier is hard at work on the score of Sims & Pettitt's '?' Black eyed Susan' comic opera, the libretto of which was complete a year ago. It will not improbably go to the Savoy. ' The Nautch Girl ' was to have taken the place of 'The Gondoliers' this week, but it seems to have come to grief in rehearsal. Both 'The Rocket' at Terry's and ' The Volcano' at the Court disappear from the bills tliis week. Mrs. Jno. Wood will produce Fred. Homer's version of ' Feu Tonpinel ' next Wednesday. It is to be called 'The Late Lamented,' and pro mises, l am told, extremely well. Ibsen's ' Hedda Gabler' proved a far more actable play than either ' Ros niersholm' or 'Ghosts.' Some of the critics indeed who went to the Vaudville last Aveek to curse were forced to bless a bit, but this was owing clnefly to Miss Elizabeth Robins's superb ' Hedda.' I am told you people know far more about Ibsen than we do, and that therefore it . would be superfluous to detail the story of this play. I confess I thought it all rather nasty rnyself , morbidly clever though much of the dialogue is. In the evening we went to 'Olivia,' wliich seemed like a breath of fresh country air after the foetid gas and patchouli of Mistress Gabler. The new version of 'Belphegor,' now called 'The Acrobat,' appears to have struck oil at the unlucky Olympic. Wilson Barrett is always at Ms best in ro mantic characters, and the part of the juggler just fits brother George. The piece has been divided into four acts, and the masquerade scene is much elaborated. I hear that a song called 'Douglas Gordon,' winch is not new, has sprung at a bound into popularity. If you do not already know it you should tiy it over. Mark Ambrent's comedy, 'The Anonymous Letter,' in which Nellie Farren was to have created the principal role, will now be performed at the Lyric Theatre on Tuesday afternoon next under W. H. Vemon's direction. Fanny Brough is to assume the character in tended for Miss Farren. The Ludgate Monthly, a new three penny magazine on much the same lines as the Strand, looks as though it might do. The initial issue contains 14 well writtenandattractively-illusti'ated articles, including stories by Rudyard Kipling, Jno. Augustus O'Shea, Ida, Lemon, and Florence Marryat, and papers on 'Darkest London,' 'Days Gone Bye,' and other popular subjects by James Greenwood, C. R. Barrett, andH. L. Heat ley. There is also a song by the great Weatherby (whose unchangeable charge for a ballad is £20), with music by Harry May. Kipling's contribution will pro bably be condemned as scarcely worthy the author of 'Plain Tales,' and yet 'The Last Relief' is a powerful piece of word painting. Once again, as in ' Only a Subaltern,' Are are shown the steaming plains of India during a hot season of pes tilence. The cholera is devastating the country. Englishmen are dying on all sides daily, and the GoA'ernment is at its .wits'- end hoAvto fill up the vacancies till the autumn drafts arriA-e. After an appalling experience of eleven months' fever and pressure young Haydon of Girdhauri's holiday conies round, and lie Mes him to the Mils. At Simla he finds rest and amusement, and the pink blotches of prickly heat fade from his body. Hay don has just fallen in love, and is enjoy ing life intensely when an unexpected blow falls. Kej'te, the young man's successor at Girdhauri, is dead — dead from the heat, the fever, and the over pressure, and Haydon is ordered to return at once to that hell upon earth. 'Haydon said nothing, because those who govern India obey the law. He looked (it was evening) at the line of sunflushed snows 40 miles to the east and ? at the palpitating heat . liaze of the plains fifty miles to the. Avesfc ; and his heart sank. He Avished to stay. in Simla to continue his wooing, and he knew too well the .torments tliat were in . store -for Mm in - Girdkauri. '-His -nerve . \ras -broken. The coolness, the. dances, the dinners that were to come, the : scent : of- the -Simla pines and the wood smoke, the canter of horses' feet -jii the crowded mall, turned his heart to water. He could have Avept passionately, like a little child, for Ms lost holiday and his lost love, and, like a little child baulked of its play, he became filled Avith cheap spite that can only hurt the owner. The men at the club Avere .sorry for him, but he did not want to be condoled with. He Avas angry and afraid. Thougli he recog nised the necessity of the injustice that had been done to him, he conceived that it could all be put right by yet another injustice, and then . . and then somebody else would liaA-e to do his Avork, for he Avould be out of it for ever. He reflected on this while he was hurrying down the Iiillsides after a last intervieAV Avith the pretty girl to whom ho had said nothing that was not commonplace and inconclusive. This last failure made him the more angry with himself, and the spite and the rage increased. The air grew warmer and warmer as the cart rattled doAvn the mountain roaa, till at last the hot stale stillness of the plain k closed over his head like heated oil, and he gasped for breath among the dry date-palms at Kalka. Then came the long level ride into Umballa, the steneli of dust wliich breeds despair, the lime-Avaslied walls of Umballa station, hot to the hand, thougli it Avas 11 at night, the greasy rancid meal served by the sweating servants, the badly trimmed lamps in the OA-en-like waiting-room, and the whining of innumerable mosquitoes. That night, he remembered, there Avould be a dance at Simla. He was a Arery weak man.' Haydon commits suicide by throAV ino- himself before the exnress at Umballa. and that night his ghost haunts Hamer ton (the official chief) as he sits in his lonely office at Simla listening to the heaAy swish of a rainstorm. ' Orderly !' said Hamertou. He fancied that he heard somebody moving' about the rooms. Tlisre Aras no answer except a deep-draAvn breath at the door. It might come from a panther proAvling about the verandahs in search of a pet dog, but panthers generally snuffed in a deeper key. Tills was a thick, gasping breath, as of one atIio had been running swiftly or lay in deadly pain. Hamerton listened again. There certainly Avas somebody moving about the Foreign Office. He could hear boards creaking in far-off rooms, and uncertain steps on the rickety staircase. Since the clock matked close upon midnight; \ no one had a right to be in the office. Hamerton had picked up the lamp, and was going to make a search, when the steps and the heavy breathing came to the door again, and stayed. ' Who's there V i said Hamerton. ' Come in !'' Again the heaAy breathing, and a thick, short cough. ' Who relieves Haydon ??' said a voice outside. 'Haydon! Haydon! Bj-iiig at Umballa-. He can't go till he is relicA-ed. Who relieves Haydon?' Hamerton dashed to the door and opened it, to find a stolid messenger from the teicgraph oflicfi; breathing through his nosei after the manner of natives. The j man held out a telegram. 'I couW iiot '. find- the room at first,' he said. 'Is i there an answer ?' The telegram states that Haydon lies dj-ing at Umballa. But still tlie voice continues, 'Haydon! Haydon ! Who relieves Haydon ? j He' must not go till lie's relieved. I Haydon ! Dying at Umballa. For j pity's sake be quick ?' Hamerton j thought for a minute of the pitifully i short roster of men aArailable, and answered quietly, 'Flint of Degauri.' Then and not till then did his hair begin to rise on his head, and Hamerton, Secre- I tary to the Government, neglecting^ the j lamp and the papers, went very quickly from the Foreign Office into the cool, Avet J night. I almost forgot to mention tliat | PM1 May is editor of the Ludgate Monthly. ! Walter Besant has written a short stoiy i for the June issue. [ There was no secret made about the ! high trial wMch Common won from Gone \ Coon and Orion at Kingsclere last week ' in the presence of Lord Alington, the Pi-ince of Wales, and Sir Frederick John stone. Porter told everyone that unless Gouvemeur and Peter Flower Avere much J better horses than the average classic ; competitors Ms dark colt would about ? take the Two Thousand. Nevertheless i the public could not stand Common. ! ' Who eA-er heard of a horse with such a ] name winning ?' asked the superstitious, j whilst experts did not like the colt s ap pearance. In consequence Lord Aling ton's representative (despite being No. 1 on the card) declined from 7 to 9 to 1 before the start. Gouverneur was 'red hot' at 6 to 4 (taken freely), and Peter Flower found plenty of friends at threes. Then came Orvieto at 6 to 1, Cuttlestone at 100 to 8, Cleator at 40 to 1, Ragimunde at 50 to 1, and Rousseau at 100 to 1. For half a mile the nine com petitors seemed from the stand to race absolutely in line. Then Rousseau ' cracked,' and at the six- furlongs post the favorite proved himself a true son of the non-staying Energy by rapidly com pounding. Peter Flower then raised hopes for a moment ; but Lord Durham's representative was ahnost immediately headed by Common. George Barritt had 1 indeed an easy ride, for tMs dark son of Iscriomy strode to the front without an effort and won in a common canter by three lengths. Orvieto just defeated Peter Flower by a head for second place. Then came St. Simon of the Rock fourth and Cuttlestone fifth. 