•at , I« 3r f ' Australian Celegrams. ! [FBOM TBS DAIL'S PAPEES.J | NEW SQUTH WALES. STDNBS, Saturday. Several cases of drowning have occurred during the holidays. A man named William Henry Tindall was drowned at LiBmore on Christmas Day by the capsizing of a boat during a storm. At Maitland three fatal cases are reported, the victims being John Davorn, an apprentice in the office of the Mercury, Leslie Hughes, a clerk in the Sydney stamp office; and John Buckley, a draper's assistant. A little girl nine years old, a daughter of Thomas Casey, a resident of Coraki, was burnt to death yesterday while endeavouring to light a fire with kerosene. Arthur Bay, secretary of the Shearers' Union at Hay, who in November last was sentenced, in default of payment of fines, to 128 weeks' imprisonment, was released on Christmas morning. Sunday. A dastardly attempt was made last Tuesday to burn down Mr. C. C. Body's woolshed at Jingabyne Station, near Cooma. The fire was fortunately discovered and extinguished before much damage was done. A boy, for placing an obstruction on the railway line, near Goulburn, has been heavily fined. Exceedingly disastrous bush fires are aging in the Cowra, Forbes, and Narrandera istricts. Monday. During the voyage of the ship Celtic onarch from Cape Town to Newcastle, a ailor fell from a yard to the deck, a distance f 70ft., and marvellously escaped death, only a few bruises being the result. During the holidays a man named Hart, a bank clerk at Wagga, impersonated a . Another bank clerk, understanding the joke, fired a blank charge at the wouldbe ghost, and the wad, striking him in the cheBt, inflicted a serious injury. At Wardell, near Lismore, a man named Gaskin has kicked his wife to death. The two were drinking together, and the husband ordered his wife home to get dinner ready. She refused to do as requested, and Gaskin thereupon knocked her down and kioked her juBt below the heart, death ensuing shortly after. Gaskin then went and informed the police what he had done. He was afterwards arrested on a charge of murder. Tuesday. Yesterday afternoon a man's clothes were found on the rocks at Bondi. On examination, the papers in the pockets disclosed the fact that they belonged to Mr. W. Bennett, manager of the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank, Oxford-street, Paddington. The matter was reported to the detective police. An examination Of Bennett's books disclosed defalcations to the extent of about £3000, and a warrant has been issued for his arrest. It is presumed that Bennett sailed by a San Francisco mail steamer, which left here on Wednesday afternoon last, and three days' holiday and Sunday intervening has given time for the steamer to leave Auckland. The next port to call is Honolulu, which is not connected with anywhere by cable. If Bennett is on board there he has got a splendid five days' start, and the detectives, as a matter of fact, have little hope of catching him, for a time at least. Bennett was a well-known man about town, and had a fairly good reputation in the bank wherein he served. A heavy fine has been inflicted upon a betting man who ran a totalisator. He was fined £50, and the magistrate said that if the defendant again appeared before him he would be imprisoned without the option of a fine. 