AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE ROYAL. The production of a new play by a local author drew together a large and interested audience at the Theatre Royal on Friday evening. The dress circle was well, filled, the stalls also, . and the gallery had a large but somewhat unruly number of occupants. The latter should have been more considerate than they were to the amateurs who formed the company, and given them at least the, same fair play they- would have awarded to a professional troupe. We trust this reminder will be taken in the spirit that is intended when the play will be repeated to-night. We may say at once that in our opinion the play is a good one, and that the acting throughout was of the most praiseworthy character. Had the same piece been produced here say by Kyrle Bellew and Mrs. Potter and company it would have met with a cordial reception, and every point in it would have been watched with tne closest interest^ Because it was the work of a local playwright and presented by local amateurs, it was subjected to a some what careless criticism by that poriion of the audience to which we have alluded, who looked for the usual slips or embarrassments of amateurism for something to rouse their merri ment. They were not justified, however, in their interruptions even in this respect, hecause the performance on the whole was one of the best ever given by an amateur company, and the performance created a thoroughly favorable impressipn upon the large bulk'of the audience who were qualified to judge of its merits. The author, Mr. Boothby, is well enough known here as an aspiring young dramatist who has written various plays, besides the libretto of the opera of "Sylvia." He may possibly overrate the value of his own work, but he certainly deserves encouragement, and it is quite on the cards that he will one day achieve all the success that he desires on the road to fame and fortune that he has mapped out for himself. He is desirous of producing a work that may be accepted for representation by a London manager, and believes that in "The Jonquille" he has struck the right thing. Haddon Chambers v and _ others with no greater literary pretensions originally than Mr. Boothby have made their mark at home, and there is no more reason why. the private secretary of the Mayor of Adelaide should not in time blossom out into a success ful dramatist than a representative of the fourth estate in Sydney. Mr. Boothby's latest effort "The Jonquille" is not a great play, but it is a meritorious one. Had it been pre sented here before "LaTosea," after whose lines it is fashioned, it would certainly have arrested direct and immediate attention on account of its construction and its literary merits. Its defect is that it follows somewhat closely after Sardou, but this even as a comparison may be considered as complimentary to it. The lan guage is at times stilted and highfiown, and we are reminded of . Bulwer's gardener's son, who so glowingly . pour trayed to his expectant bride the beauties of the Lake of Como, ending with the enquiry, " Dost like the picture ?" " The Jonquille" is well conceived, cleverly contrived, and tho roughly actable throughout. ? Although a first production it-, went well from start to finish, afforded some excellent situations to the prin cipals, was never wearying, but kept the_ at tention of the audience engaged and elicited very hearty and well deserved applause. The author was twice called before the curtain, and bowed his acknowledgments to the compli ment. Particularf of the plot of the piece and a description of the performance appeared in this morning's Advertiser. '' The Jonquille" will be repeated this evening, when his Excellency the Governor and the Countess of Kintore will be present, and we understand that seats are already at a premium, and those who would witness the performance must be ea,rly in at tendance. TIIE DAHI>IERS. ' The Dampiers and_ their Australian Dramatic Company-an organisation, by the way, which has been, in process of formation for the past ten years-commence a brief season at the Theatre Royal on Monday night next. Their opening piece will be "Robbery Under Arms," a sensational and romantic drama, which has been a success wherever produced, and shortly to be transplanted to the London boards. It is written by Messrs. Alfred Dampier and Garnet Walcn, and founded upon the first and best of Rolf Boldrewood's capital novels. The part of; the hero, Captain Starlight, "a cattle stealer, a mail-robber, a. bushranger, and yet a fentleman," is performed by Mr. Alfred )ampier, whose name is in itself a guarantee of excellence. Miss Lily Dampier appears as the heroine, Aileen Marston; Miss Rose Dam pier as her friend, Grace Storefield; and Miss Catherine Russell as Kate Morrison, all characters which will be remembered by readers of Rolf Boldrewood's work. Amongst the company supporting the Dampiers we notice the names of" ladies and gentlemen who are established favorites, and of others whose merits the audience should not be slow to appreciate. " Robbery Under A.rms" will be illustrated by the original scenery specially painted for it by Monsieur Alta Tischbauer ana said to be in excellent keeping with the play. Miss Lily Dampier, who is to play the heroine in "Robbery Under Arms, though still in the first bloom of womanhood, has achieved a series of dramatic successes, her reading of Rosaline, Juliet, and kindred Shakespearian characters having been en thusiastically received in the other colonies. Latterly, too, the exceptional produc tions which introduced. Dr. Carver, his cowboys, and Indians, on the stage. Miss Dumpier gave her audience a surprise by her dexterity and courage as a horsewoman and in the manipulation of a Win chester rifle. Miss Rose Dampier. is following closely in her sister's footsteps, and is heard to advantage in the songs that fall to her lot. Miss Katherine Russell in also a favorite with the playgoing public. GABNEH'S ROOKS. Mr. Thos. Hudson, the popuiat' proprietor of Hudson's Surprise, Party, was tendered a com plimentary benefit at " Garner's Rooms on Friday evening, when there was a large and appreciative audience, _ who accorded the beneficiare a great reception. Several additions were made in the programme, which went with a swing from staTt to finish. Miss Habgood for her brilliant execution of "Irish diamonds" on the pianoforte was awarded several floral offerings and loudly cheered. To-night the company will appear for the last time prior to their departure for India, and no doubt there will be a bumper house. THE ACHCKCII-CHARRTNGTON COMPANY. As announced in our advertising oolumna, Miss Janet Achurch, the popular English tragedienne, will make her reappearance in Adelaide, but the season only lasts three nights. Miss Achurch, who is supported by Mr. Charles Charrington, Mr. Herbert Hem ming, and other capable artists, will appear in the Albert Hall on the 22nd, 24th, and 23th August. There will be a change of programme each evening. On Saturday next the powerful drama " Forget Me Not" will be staged. This piece has been popularised by Miss Genevieve Ward, but Mis8 Achurch has achieved great Buccess in it. On Monday, when his Worship the Mayor announces his presence, Henrik Ibsen's play "A-Doll's House" will be pro duced. This piece evoked much discussion and comment in Adelaide when presented before, and there is.little doubt the play will prove equally interesting on its reproduction. The final evening of the season, when his Excel lency the Governor has promised to be present, the Norwegian author's latest work " Hedda Gabler" will be introduced for the first time in Australia. THE FASTING MAN. Tanner is now in the 18th day of his 40 days and nights' fast, and up to Friday morning at 8 o'clock he had lost 19 lb. in weight. During yesterday several medical men visited him and diagnosed his case. On Monday he will have completed the half of his task. . MUSICAL GHOST ILLUSION. This novel entertainment in Hindley-street continuea to grow in public favor, both the musical and the illusory portions being good. The afternoon performances are specially adapted to ladies and children. 