J IThe:Wedding Ring.. Ita'History-Runs'Back 'to the Blegi. ning of Recorded Time. In AnoieutDays It Was Ued s an Emin. blem of Betrothal-The Important Part It Plays in the Mar.. riogo Ceremony of Sthe ]'resent. It is an incontrovertable fact that every woman feels a certain interest in the subject of wedding rings. And, indeed, it is natural enoogh that this should be so. Tic and symbol beyond aught else of the most im. portant crisis in a woman's life, the wedding ring must necessarily be fraught with fascina. tion for wife and maid, for old and young alike. , Everyone knows that rings were worn in old Bible slays, thi'ugh what part they originally played in the nuptial ceremony is not eo clear. But at any rate they form an important portion of the wedding service among the modern Jews, the regulations in force among them on this head being very atrio. The riong must in every cats be ex amined and certified by the officiating rabbi of the synagogue, to make sure that it is of the prescribed valse, and the simple opera tion of placing it upon the finger is so bind ing that this alone, apart from any other p6ortion of the ceremony, is considered to constitute a legal marriage. In point of fact, however, it is not from the Jews, but from the Romans that the nations of modern Europe derive thel wedding ring. Among the ancient masters of the world, rings were commonly used as part of the rite of betrotbal. But it is worth while to notice that there was one special difference be tween the ancient and modern use of rings in this respect. In their original 'employnent they were really not wedding but betrotrhal rings; that is, they were given and taken as the publio expression of a man's promise to a woman that he would marry her, As a learned writer has told us in regard to the early Italians," a man who wished to pledge his faith to a woman, placed awring upon her finger, which is at the present daypreserved for the bn.edietion of marriage," Two points are thus to be remembered that in the old days there were two distinct ceremonies-the. betrothal and the actual wedding-hoth of which were eqoally en. sential to the fulol eolemnisation of a mar riage; and also that the ring was originally need, not for the scoohd ceremony, but for the first. Such was the custom during the pagan era; and'eo it remained throughout the early centuries of Christianity. Marriage even then, and for a very considerable period afterwards, was regarded in the light ofa civil contract only. and was entered into be. fore a magistrate; while the ring itself was used as the symbol of promise in the preo. liminary rite of botrothal. Gradually, however, these two ceremonies became merge'd into one by the losees on the part of the betrothal of its first formal character. For some time after thie;and in conecquenco of it, there was no small uncer. tainty in the use of the ring, which was not unfrcquently left out of the basiness alto gether. But, after awhile it reasserted its, importance, and once more came into general une. Moreover, it now began for the first time to limit itself habitually to the single Loop ofplain gold-a form which has become ineeparably connected with all our modern notions of what the wedding ring should be. It will thus be seen-to the surprise, doubtless, of not a few readers-that the wedding ring is not a Christian institution at all, but rather one which we have inherited, along with so much else in our ceremonial, directly from cl.iasical antiquity. This leads the wariter to mention a curious point in con nection with its common employment. In pagan Rome the betrothal ring was worn on the third finger (the one next to thelittle ; finger) of the lt hand, as it is to-day. This position is said to have been chosen from the belief-unfounded, of course-that there was a vein or nerve running directly from that fiogerto the heart, a belief that was accepted, not alone by the ignorant masses, but also by the learned men-the doctors and philosophers of the- time. But in early Christian days a good deal of confusion seems to have prevailed upon the matter, as a result of which the ring was .often placed and worn upon the woman's riglthand. In the old Saulebury Manual is found specific reference to this fact in a very singular pas. sage, which throws some interesting light on the subject of the weeding ceremony in general. From thin we learn that tile bride groom was to receive theringlrom thepriest, wh;had blessed it (and this blessing, it may be remarked, iestill hitted at in the marriage service of theEnglish Episcopal church) ; and then holding the right hand of the bride in his own left hand, he was to recite the words: "With this ring I thee wed." Then he was to place the ring on the right-hand thumb, saying: "In the name of the Pather ;" then on the first finger with the words : "and of the Bon ;" then on the second finger, adding: "and Holy Ghost," and finally, with the words cleosing: " Amon," on the third finger, where it was to remain. Bat in course of time uniformity was established in favor of the left hand, and there is no longer room for question concerning this important point. Of course, no one acquainted with the marriage service of the English Epie copal church needs to be told that it is absolutelynecessary, according to the rites of that church, that a ring'should be employed. But beyond the simple ordinance that a ring there must be, the church makes no specific conditions, so that (curious as it may ap. pear) a ring of any size or weight, material or pattern, will serve the purpose perfeotly well. It is naturally enough not often that one has to chronicle any departure from re cognised cuslom in this regard; but such de partures do from time to time occur. A story is told of two paupers "who came to church and requested to be married with the church key, as the parochial authorities had notfornished them with a ring." The clerk, it is eaid, not unnaturally, felt "some delicacy" about this, and finally found an other way out of the dificulty. Hie fetched an oldcurtain ring from his own house and with this extraordinary article the loving couple were duly united in the bonds of holy matrimony. But, though this particular clerk saw fit to hesitate, the churoh key has been employed, and that more than once, in the place of the ring during the last hundred yearl. Even the Duke of Hamilton "was married at May Fair. with a bed curtain ring." Nor does this by any means exhaust the list o1 encontrio makeshifts. 'To give my one other instance, it is a matter of history that a lady was once married with a ring of leather out transversely from the finger of the bridegroom's glove. Thus the plain gold hoop now sanctioned by long usage and surrounded as it is by untold associations, is by no means so es sential to the marriage ordinance as most people suppose. Indeed, it is only during more recent years that it has been accepted as the only proper form of wedding-ring; for in former days ringe used for marriage were frequently chased, or Eet with stones, or in scribed on the inside or outside with names, ioitoals, or mottoes. Oat might give a long list tof these mottoes, or posies as they eres called, but it would hardly hobe found intcrest ing or instructive; for they were not as a rule distinguished by great poetic ability or marked originoality of thought. So it appears that the wedding-ring, like all things homan, hbs its history and its romance. NowaLys it smay indeed be said that its adventures are sell nigh over. 'Per hnps so. But, be that vs it caiy, the writer feela sale in proplhesyiog that so long as hearts bneat in uniseon to the same hopes, the eame nsaspiratione, thie same desires, so 0log will the wedding.rig hee?p its hold upon us all, as the enduriu6 symbol of faith and sscrifice. V~a's Dus;:n (indignntly): "I am not qiits a fool, Mits Am) I' Amy : " Nc-not quite." Cs.uL?v: "Where's your fatherd" Uurchin : " lie's shingliu'." Caller : '"The barn ?' Urchin: " No, Tommy." 