Good friday-Holiday or - Holy Day. ' MR. EDITOB.-Having read the letters of "Rush- light," and those of " A Wesleyan," also that of my neighbour, Mr. James, together with your remarks in " Echoes and Opinions " upon the above sabjeot, I shall not venture to Bay anything respecting either whether tho day be a " Holiday " or " Holy Day," because there is no such a day as " Good Friday." Without donbt I shall Bhook tho sensitive nerves of radical Chnroh-going Christians by such a bold assertion, bnt I am not the first individual who haB ventured to state the same thing. Tho Scriptures teach mo, and the Gospels prove, that there is no sacha day ; and oleo prove that our dear Lord and Savionr "was not crucified on a Friday." Good Friday ia an institution of the Romish Church, and her children (the Protestants) took with them this institution and othors also, without examining them as to their Scriptural authority. Her grand-children (tho Non-Oonfor mists) I believe do not regard tho day at all. By observing Friday aa the crucifixion day, those Churohes that keon and regard that day by so doing make God a liar. I say lot God be true, and every man a liar. " Easter Day (the chief move- able feast, and on which all the others depend) is always the first Sunday after the full moon, which happens npon, or next after, the 21st of March ; and if the full moon happens upon the Sunday, then Easter Sunday ÍB the Sunday after." A sort of sliding scale, to make the day kept as the day of crucifixion to happen always upon a Friday ; so that our Lord is ornoified ad lil, to suit the Churohes feasts. Easter Day may fall on any Sunday from the 22nd of Marah to the 25th of April, both inclusive. Daring tho past 50 years it has occurred as early as tho 23rd of Marah, and as late as the 21st of April. Why make that great eventful day subservient to tho majority of the Churohes feasts 7 Now for Scriptural proof that Christ " was not ornoified on a Friday." First of all, what oonstitutea the Jewish day 1 Tho Jewish day waa divided into twelvo hours, beginning at sunrise ; and the night was also divided into twelve hours, beginning at Banset. By reference to the four Gospels you will find that Matthew (chap. XXVII., verso 1 ) states : " When tho morning wasoome, all the ohief priests and elders took council against Jesus to put Him to death, and when they had bound Him they took Him away and delivered Him to Pontius Pilate, the governor. Now, when Pilate had scourged Jesus, he delivered Him to be oruoffiod." This took place before mid-day. Jesus was nailed to the cross either before, or at, 12 o'oloak, " for from that hour (the sixth) until the ninth hour there was darkness over all the land." All the Gospels agree in this particular occurronoe. At thow/nfVi hour (3o'clock) Jesus cried with a loud voice, " My God, my God, why haBt Thou forsaken me ?" And when He had cried again with a loud voioe, Ho gave up the ghost, When eren was come, Joseph, of Arama thea, carno and took the body of Jesus, and laid it in a new tomb, and rolled a great stone before tho door," What does St. Mark say ? Chapter XVI. opens with, " And when the Sabbath was passed, tho two Marys went to anoint Him. And very early in tho morning on the Brat day of the week, they went to the sepulohre at tho risiug of the sun, saw tho stone rolled away, and found Jesus gono." St. Luko corroborates this, chapter XXIV., v.l. St, John (ohup XX., v. 1) says, " Tho first day of the week, oomcth Mary Magdalcno early, when it was yet dark, unto tho sepulohre, and seoth tho stone taken away, runneth to Simon Peter and said, ' They-have taken tho Lord out of the sepulohre," ' So, you seo, it is olear that Christ had risen before (perhaps long beforo) sunrise upon tho Jewish Sabbath. It was universally admitted that Christ was to riso on tho third day ; the prophets foretold it, and Jesus himself testifies to tho fact, when He said, "Destroy this temple, and I will raise it up in threo days." If Jesus waa ornoified on Friday afternoon, as tho churohes will have it, then that day did not terminate until sunrise, Saturday morning, making ono day. And from that sunrise (tho commencement of the Jewish Sabbath) to tho sunrise of tho first day of the week-(mark, at thia hour .Tcsns had risen, accord- ing to tho account given in tho Gospels)-mnking tho second day. From these fnots you will clearly see that ic was on Thursday tho crucifixion took plaoe, and not on Friday, Thoreforo, Christ rose on the Jewish Sabbath, some timo before tho commencement of the first day of tho week. On and boforo sunrise that day it was discovered Ho had risen. There ia too muoh of tho " outward visible sign," and too little of tho " inward spiritual grace, in these days. P. P. GALE, Franklands, May 12th, 1801. 