"jffl OF THE TOR' The Queensland excitement is dying of starva- tion. There are no sensational incidents or announcements to keep it alive, and the much- lalked-of strike is— as the late Sir John Robert- son mistakenly said oi federation—1 as dead as Julius Caesar." The strikers camps axe broken up ; the men are seeking work far andwide, ant are beiug gradually absorbed by the pastoral labour market. The military axe with drawn from the lately disturbed districts; free labour detachments need not even a police escort, and free shearers ply the stoics and strict the fleece without any shadow of intimida tion falling over their work. The" strike has collapsed, after causing % good deal of delay, annoyance, and expense to the pas- toraiists, after costing the Queensland Govern ment a very considerable sum of money in putting down intimidation, after costing the striking shearers something like £90,000 in wages foregone. It is a most lame and im potent conclusion to a most portentous effort; but not withstanding, we axe threatened with a repetition of the same foolishness in the southern colonies when our shearing- time commences. We need -not again point out what the inevitable consequences will be if the threatened strike comes to. pass. We recently dealt with that phase of the subject in m ' wo. But what we wish to refer to particul arly is tin insanity of fighting for a shadow, a phrase, a definition void of practical import. Battle has not been joined, in any of the great labour conflicts of the last two years, on any question of hours of labour or of its recompense. The tights have been fought simply on the question of how far trades-unionism can go in prescribing terms and conditions to the employers cl" labour. The Employers' Unions of the Austra lian colouies have federated and adopted a platform, which may be broadly said to consist of one plank — freedom of contract," to wit. They have come out of two battles on this point victorious, but injneither case was there any necessity for conflict. The trades- unionists claim freedom of coutract for th- n\ selves, and if they really believe iu the principle they should have no hesitation in con ceding it to the employers. It is a poor rule that won't work both ways. However, the masters can afford to be magnanimous, and tlio Victorian Employers' Union, judging from the speeches delivered the other night at its annual dinner, is disposed to hold out the olive-branch. The union, which represents ,L 7,d00,o00 invested in Victorian industries, and which pays £2,465,000 per annum in wages, is not a body that working men can auord to ignore, still less to run against in blind opposition. Its members declare that " freedom of contract" ehouh? be defined ; but hitherto all conferential negotiations between the employers and the trades-unions have failed, because the latter resolutely decline to concede the " freedom of-oontract" dogma as a preliminary to a conference, which would de- flue it. The former as resolutely refuse confer until the concession is made by the trades-unionists, and there ban i:i consequence been a deadlock for the last nine months. The deadlock should con tinue no further, and as "conciliation " is de clared to be the watchword of the Employers Union, they would do well — in the interests of themselves, the labourers, and the whole com munity — were they to translate friendly speech into amicable action, and offer to trades-union ism an opportunity of jointly discussing the diffi culties and embarrassments of the labour ques tion with the men, with a view to establishing a durable industrial peace. The only apparent obstacle that stands in the way of such a course ie that, while the employers fully appreciate the loyalty, staunchness, and fair feeling of the labourers, they distrust, and do not respect, their leaders. Fboh the wild tangle of conflicting parties and political platforms in which the electors of New South Wales are involved at the present juncture, it is indeed difficult to arrive at any distinct and definite opinion as to the balance of power in the Assembly now under process of election. But we do know that the labour party has scored some signal and most unex pected victories in the metropolitan con stituencies, and that a compact " labour party" will be one of the most strik ing—and embarrassing — features of the new Parliament. The organisation of the labour vote in New Zealand, Sonth Australia, and now in New South Wales, in dicates very clearly what we may expect in Melbourne at the next general eleotions, unless the tactics of the labour party are met in far different fashion here than they have been in the sister colonies. The electoral victories of the party have been won, as their trade triumphs were in the past, by the simple and highly effective method of consolidating and concentrating their power. It is an embarrass ing thing to have a number of members of Parliament who will vote for Federation or provincialism, for freetrade or protection, forall manner of mutually antagonistic measures, or against them— not on principle, but in accord ance with the fixed purposes of obtaining from the Government the concession of labour 8 demands. Of coarse, the result of such tactics w; 11 sooner or later lead to the organisation of a ounter party ; and we shall have olass legis lation and legislators with a vengeanoe. It is a significant circumstance, as illustrative of the manner iu which this solid vote ex pedient can be worked, that in one Sydney electorate the labour party, though they succeeded in returning one candidate, not only |ailed to unseat their beie ttoir. Mr. Bruce Smith, but siiistes <k»UTii not A awmmsaatS deBp3S tu the tjBiU , j,' will jiojb ' k"duoed into the electoral problems ojE Victoria. r ; ;Otm lejgMnttonj wi a tali,; tentative character, and the amount of amend ment which- it Tequires is enbTmons. The magnitude of the Statute Consolidation under- takii « evidence enough of this ; but of all the Bills which Parliament ever passed with self -satisfied coek-sureness that they would accomplish the ends in view, the most decep tive and illusory has been the Fire Brigades Bill. The measure itself is, in design, ends, and for the greater part, the means for its ends, a very laudable one. But the best designed and manufactured machine is often ren dered utterly useless for all practical purposes by the omission of some «mnli connecting wheel or spring ; thus it is with the Fire Brigades Act Under this law the municipalities, which in previous years had maintained with more or less liberality brigades of their own in the interests of ratepayers ; the fire insurance companies, which had done like wise to a minor extent in their own interests ; and the State, which, without accepting any responsibility, had annually granted a lamp sum to the brigades of the colony —these three parties were made jointly and equally re sponsible for the maintenance, expenses of the brigades, the control of which was handed over to two boards— a metropolitan and a country one upon whioh the three" responsible parties have an equalnumber of representatives. So far, so good ; -but the Act furthe r provides that the Metropolitan Board should be empowered' to borrow money, and issue debentures therefor," in order that it might be enabled to acquire plant and brigade sites. When the board got to work it discovered that it had no, security to offer for its debentures, and consequently could issue none that capitalists would acoept. Brought to a dead financial stop in this direction, the board applied to the Government, first for a loan, and on that being refused, secondly for a guarantee of its debentures, which guarantee would make them marketable. The Premier positively and absolutely declines both requests— firstly, because he is not em powered by statute to grant either ; and secondly, beoause he holds that the State in providing one-third of the maintenance expenses, has done quite as much as it ought to do. So fax as the maintenance money Is con cerned, there is no hitch— the three parties upon whom the financial responsibility rests have each advanced sufficient money to go on with. But this is not enough. The fire-extin guishing appliances and equipment of the metro politan area are admittedly quite inadequate to requirements, and are in considerable part of almost obsolete type. To place the fire service of this great City upon a footing commensurate with the interests at stake and the dangers which recur every hot season, a large sum of money is required. Who is to supply this? The board has full control, but no financial power ; the Government decline to take the responsibility, and the municipalities are equally disinclined to further burden them selves. To our mind, the solution of the difficulty is an amendment of the Act, making all three parties jointly liable for bonds to be issued by the board, on Ministerial approval, for money to be expended, also under Minis terial approval, for the acquirement of the necessary plant. The board says that £100,000 is required, but that estimate includes the purchase from the insurance companies, municipalities, and even the volunteer 1 brigades, of the plants and fire stations which they now possess. Now, though the Act empowers the board to take over, at a valuation, this property, Parliament surely never intended that the municipalities and th e insurance companies should be recouped for the expenditure on material, buildings, etc., which they have incurred up to date. Yet, on the surface of it, that seems to be the board's reading of the Act ; and were the moneys ; available, there could be little difficulty in so disposing of it, since the representatives of the municipal bodies and of the insurance com panies constitute a two-thirds majority of the board. As to the volunteer brigades, it cannot be contended that they have the ghost of a claim to be recouped their outlay, sinoe their funds have been provided, by public subscription, enter tainments, etc. But their liabilities should cer tainly be discharged, and many of these are both heavy and pressing. They have pur chased their plant on credit, and the board cannot take it over without taking the lia bilities also, and these liabilities, it has not funds to meet. Clearly, the board must have practical borrowing powers, and how these cWll be conferred, guarded, and judiciously restricted, is the question which Parliament should settle as speedily as possible by an amending Act Eveby now and then we hear complaints ofjthe decadence of British trade and laments over ; the surplusage of labour in the mother qquutry, There |s W&hqqt; doubt substantial is not far to seek. England at one time had a judical monopoly of the world's manu- peni .heif factures ; their protective duties shut out the. British product. Her iabourersare|bterpaid Mid leas hard worked thantiiose of the Oon- " and consequently the manufacturers of the latter have a distinct advantage % the rivalry of trade. They are flooding the world . y these means with cheaper, though generally Jttticlea to,those which FWand turns wiffie; .work rot neT labourers becomes scarcer, and their efforts to secure better pay or an alleviation of their life of toil are frustrated. The eninnim compelled . to protect the competition of white slave labour in the old world, have adopted protective duties which ten against the trade of the woUibt country perhaps even more heavily than -against 6r Continental rivals, awhile- the latter ; for their paxt, levjM&vy; dx&eiUt;&e; wnoV wine, and wheat, which are the staple products of the colonies. What is the remedy? Dif ferential duties, In which the . interests of ® colonies and the mother " country are mutually considered, are naturally sug gested, but there is a barrier in the way. England has bound herself down to certain foreign countries by commercial treaties, on iP® favoured/nation " basis, which ? pre clude her at present froxnoffering to, orexchang- ing special trade concessions with her -colonies. The British Premier was recently approached, by a deputation from " The Trades' league of the United Empire/' on the subject of pre ferential duties with the colonies, and while pointing out the. obstacles at present in the way, said that the movement had his hearty sympathy, and that he would watch his oppor- t unity to abrogate the clauses iu England commercial treaties which now operate against the colonies. This is a cheering indication, and should encourage the colonies to meet the Imperial Government fully half-way' on the question. It is very clear that differential d nties will soon be a marked feature of Conti- nentalpolicyy Germany, Austria, Italy, and S witzerland - are noy arranging for an inter national conference to create a central European Customs alliance ; and if four BejjaratA j nationalities of Europe can thus combine lo serve one another's trade in- teased against the outside world, surely the mother country and her colonial "chSdjpU, , withone common' nationality and sovereignly uniting them, . can stand to gether in commercial amity against the alien world. The Governor of South Australia, after his transcontinental trip from Port Darwin, appears to consider himself entitled to express with perfect candour his opinions on the country he has seen. His frankness is quite charming in its way, but may be, perhaps, rather em barrassing to his Ministers, in that his Ex cellency's opinions are very decided upon two questions of much disputed public policy. Lord Kintore informs South Australia that he does not believe her justified in proceeding with 'the construction of the transcon tinental railway — except on the land grant system. We have no doubt what ever that Lord Kihtora is right, but the land grant system has, for a long time past, been held in abhorrence in Scnth Australia, and though popular prejudice on this head weakened since the London money market "shut down" on colonial loans, it is by no means dead. Another matter upon which Lord Kintore has frankly delivered himrifilf is the question of Chinese labour in the Northern Territory. It is not so very long ago since South Australia had an aeute attack of. the yellow fever, and frantically called for prohibitive legislation to dam back a wildly anticipated invasion of the Northern Territory by hordes of Celestial coolies bent on AmnrTing the psendo ruby fields of Central Australia. A considerable eeotion of the South Australian elec tors have by this time recovered their customary calm on the Chinese question ; but as the labour party's star seems to be in the ascendant in Adelaide, we shall not be surprised to hear of fiery protests from its leaders against Lord Kintore's " audacity " in frankly declaring that Chinese labour is absolutely necessary for the progress of the Territory. That his Excellency is right in his conclusions we do not dispute ; but he will certainly regret his outspokenness if political exigencies Bhould induce his responsible advisers to insert in the next "Governor's speech", a clause intimating that an Act is necessary to prevent Chinese immigration to the not over salubrious shores of Port DaXwin. "The poor ye have always with you," said the great founder of Christianity ; and all Utopian and Socialistic schemes notwithstanding, the troth is an eternal one. Even in thinly-peopled " merrie England " of the Anglo-Saxon days, the great Alfred found it necessary to levy a poor rate ; and since his day the poor laws have been a perennial British trouble. Here, in highly favoured Australia, we have still our poor— the of our benevolent asylums, orphanages, retreats, and hospitals — but so far we have not found it necessary to pass a poor law. The land Is too wide, the people as a mass too thriving and liberal- handed, foodjboo plentiful, and the bare means of livelihood too cheap, for such extensive, deep, and dire distress as the British poor laws are framed to partially mitigate. We have no State paupers, -but- the State aids with a liberal hand the private benevolence and generority wMch maintain our (charitable in stitutions. They are not perfect in principle, constitution, or working, these charities of ours, or the Charities Commission would never have been appointed ; but they are Buch as to move the astonishment and half-envious wonder of our American cousins when they cross the Paoific to visit us, It is indeed a Yeiy "hard" oaeq of moral qr physical weak- ness ahd dimapabilfiy Wmchlhe charitable institutions of Australia will not prop upussist, and help on, or, falling that, support entirely. supplement the subscriptions of the charitable In auppart of a worthy institution. But th,ere & yndonbtedly a lack of method in our dharity which tends to waste and abuses. A central and governing authority is needed to regulate and discriminate. to check' unnecessary expenditure, ana to direct the streams of public and" private liberality into the most useful channels. What . course the. Chanties Commission wUlrocommend when Sb labours are concluded, is difficult to predi cate, but we may zest anured that it will not be the scheme conscientiously and earnestly kyitx. W. dk Brett to the com- mission. Mr. Brett reoommends the gradual withdrawal of State subsidies, the imposition of local poor rates, in supplement to private subscriptions, and ultimately the extinction of . the rates, and the Whole puppart "'bf charitable institutions byindividualeharity. The scheme j is Utopian, and besides radically unsound in principle. The parochial system cannot be properly applied, to a country where the people — -the poor more particularly — are so unsettled and migratory. The tendency of population to the metropolis is in itself a strong reason against the municipal poor-rate proposal ; and t charitable and liberal as our people are, it Would be both unjust and unfair to transfer to the shoulders of the free- handed and warm hearted amongst them what is an obligation upon the community as a whole — the State, in short — the obligation to provide the orphan with a home and an education the decrepit, maimed, and infirm, friendless and property-less, with a refuge for their declining years, and the poor workman; stricken down by disease or accident, with a hospital, where he can be physically refitted to earn his livelihood. There are many defects in our charitable institutions, but the direction in which amendment should be whuIb is that of more State control and regulation, instead of trusting more to parochialism and private benevolence. 