Ibtmutual consent. |; Pv J MAESDEN SUTOLIFFE, E, \ If "The Iicils Of St. Barnabas," "Xho Romance o" nn Instance Office," » Ilcrealed : ijFire,"4c.,ic. ALL BIGHTS BESERVED. CHAPTER XI. u ii -nn haiUccn partaker of tuy lies'" nut! cost mo crones Of : a rnotbor, 1 could not hare »,er a nioro rooted love. " t, met before, Mrs. Denieon, I Lord Algy Fitzberbert, as he Siood before Winifred, hat in hand, politely b' 'anexpected reappearance of Lord Algy revivified the Whole of the dreadful past, from t Jl sfter more than 18 months of serene Lnniness she had experienced in the faithful discharge' of her duties as a hospital nnrso, 1 ' Wind red beliored that she had succeeded in ica dn- herself loose. That part of her life, 1 which" was never remembered except with a Sag horror and loathing, had grows to \ dim and distant cvont, which the En of time was carrying fnrtber away from h»r to trouble her no more. The new senso of lore born in her heart for riaade Maclean inevitably tended to revivo BCBOtto 'bat had grown indistinct in conse- Z-nre of the greater fulness of her life that !wt her little time for moody and futile reflec tions Dot Winifred fought bravely against rnJuon that Bho felt was vaiu and hopeless. She cave no dalliance to the enervating thoughts of the happiness that might have been .he bad not been betrayed into a foolish S Lc She fled from 'herself and the thoughts' that would have embittered her, clanging with greater ardor than ever into her work, and she discovered as tbo reward of her if brave striving that the labor we delight m I nbvsics pain. So the memory of the past was M Q rp5i bv the busy activities that hlled her l«s after Claude Maclean left Glen-Orlooh for hii bouse in Kensington ; and the seclusion W that she enjoyed at Glen-Orloeh helped to 5;l maintain the illusion that sho had parted com- ranr for ever with those throe years of un- Lpiness aad shame that had fallen to her hare as tbo wife of Sir Reginald Demson. It waa a bitter awakening from a sweet dream of peace when Winifred saw Lord Algy standing before her, claiming hor acqaiotancc on the ground of his former visits to the estab lishment in Cnrcndifib-street. Hia appearance was like a menacing spectre newly risen from Tbere was no room for doubt that Lord Algy recarded their meetiug aa an uncommou piece of eood luck, from which he hoped to derive some advantage. The manner in which ho s barred Winifred's passage, ana the light of gratified triumph in her confusion that shoue m lis targe fish-like eyes were sufficient to tell her ; tbat a great crisis iu her life had suddenly arisen, and that on tbo manner ia which she met it her whole future depended. She paused irresolutely, overcome with con fusion, and feeling like a hunted animal sud- i de'njy brought to bay. For a moment the 3 wild desire possessed her to rush past him a.id ! disown the acquaintance that he manifestly ' ioteoded to force upon her. But she soon recovered herself. The energy with which sho had thrown herself into the task of living an unsullied life, separate from the world's evil that was for ever personified | to her imagination in her husband's character f and manner of ilfo, bad taught her courage and developed her resources. Her hesitation || was an affair of a moment. The nest iu9tant she saw her way clear before her. " It would S be untrue to say that I am pleased at this raeet- f ing," aha said, holding her hand out frankly to £ Lord Algy, "but since we have met it is deair- t able ihatlBhould explaiu ray reasons lor re- | questing that in the future I may bo left free I from molestation." | \\. "I am awfully sorry I havo vexed yon," re- I turned Lord Algy. " I hoped that the ptcasuro 5 would have been mutual. I'm delighted to seo | you again. You will pardon me saying that i you are looking very well ; more bcautilul than ? ever." | "Pray do not indulge in compliments. They \ are offensive/1 said Winifred, with freezing hauteur. S "No compliment at all, I assnro you. It is 1 the simple truth," said Lord Algy, with a warm $ glance of admiration. | "May I, without offence, ask you ono ques tion?" demanded Winifred, "are you a gentle man ?" \ The incisive manner in which Winifred asked f this question, and the fixed penetrating glance I that she darted upon bim, covered Lord Algy \ with confusion. He feebly stammered forth aii assent. f "I was certain of it. You arc better than \ you appear," said "Winifred, warmly. "You j are too brave, too generous to persecute a de- J fenceless woman. A chivalrous nature like Toura would scorn to take a mean advantage. Vou would succor tbo weak and the op- \ messed would find in vou a champion and a lriend." i Lord Algy raised his cyos in astonishment. I Ee entertained no doubt that Winifred's I languago was to be taken iu a Pickwickian V eeuse , that she couriered bim fair game for t "chaff" and was baitiug him to her heart's content. v "Yon are mistaken," she said, answering his :l look of astonishment. "I am in deadly earnest. | I believe that all I haTe said of y ou may be true. | Your errors are of the head and not of the heart. Your heart is good if you did but know it. Learn to rely on the better instincts of your nature and 1 you will cure yourself of folly aud win my I esteem." j| Lord Algy was staggered at Winifred's ap- isf peal, the sincerity of which he could not permit || himself to doubt. 3 "I should be glad of your esteem/' he roplied $ with emphasis. "I havo shown you how you can do that. ?4J- Put an end at onco to the folly that has led you 3 to expect that wo can bo anything except 3 strangers to each other. You knew mo under circumstances that havo exposed mo to your ;i| censures. Believe me that your judgment, i| though natural, is unwarranted. A3 a man of j honor you will give mo your word to forget that you have ever kuown mo, and you will leave mo to go my own way in peace. " Do tne this serTico and you will prove that my cati- 'i mate of you is not unfounded." J ."Surely we may be good friend?," said Lord $ Pleadingly, ready to fall in with any wish q Winifred's that would leave the door open 10 Pr?secute his intimacy with her. 'x i|7. t 1 li Psiblc" cried Winifred firmly. 4 It I could explain everything to you you would perceive that what you ask for cannot be. hay more, you would feel ashamed that g you baa put me to tbo necessity of asking a mT mQ 11 wou' forgot we had ever The directness of this final appeal and the tremulous earnestness with which it was urged f struck the right cord in Lord Algv'a nature. lie was perplexed to account for "Winifred's -5 ®Dcctlou with the establishment in Caven- j dish-street, but tbo earneatneBs of her manner 1 ?n !, touching tcrm9 in which she threw 3 herself upon his generous forbearance cou- U ioced mm that in Forae way he could not con- | ceiye of Winifred had laid herself open to sus- x picions that were ns undeserved ub they were £ tnjorioag. Already ha felt ashamed of his < ueaigna and ho lost no time in beating n . retreat. $ tnr f.8nc®rely jour pardon, Sirs. Deniaoii, tti'ii m>'8eU uPon Jou/' he said. "I win not repeat the intrusion nor attempt to s i!Dt(l'out flccret,, Aud raising his hat P his wayV Prfoundly Lord Algy passed on 1 eI3 wero of Iinshod tears as I 1L ?"Te" back to Glen-Orlocb. Sbo had 3 S. .1 'P a menacing situation with flying 1 mini i» -n t0 ller tact ani firmness, but her '' nmiti 38 I af eas0 as 8'le brooded upon her I on."' LaJ" Fnlconridgo's guest. Wnsjsho I If Gjen-Orloch on falso pretences ? i nm "I, 'a'cnridge knew the truth would Bho I mnio- tv.einn for daPl>oi'y in masquerading I tbo «.if e?a of Winifred West when she waa f .Wlfe of Sir Riginald Denison ? I thniil'ki'0-0'! re,m,orae passed over her as she I arppm;n01T ? iaiso step that Bho bad taken in j Falcouridgo'a invitation. As 5 nn Bnnili' i lvlns an unattached life and owiug I IndE " 1CS' Bhe felt that ik 'vaa a matter of I okp uQC? X wlrat name slio was called. But I linn nkn'f ,"ow ."'a1 ia stepping out of tho 1 wknn ik ot'ffiaally prescribed for herself I her kmsk ln,a,laleti on separating her lifo from 1 her-«lf.aDv 6 110 ''ad created difficulties for i cnnk'i .. c 85 kad not contemplated. Bhe f inn frnm k W'X of c»cape except by withdraw- | ..V »« engagement to Lady Falconridgo ! not tlm - "®r'oc'u Sbo fol't that she had i of I,.- ni|UJa?0 to te." i'or "re miserable story loTaltv ik 'aarriagc, even if tho nenso of ! ca« wiik k S fa' sLo owed to tho mm- nnsmlin i , Jani' ''iX not prevent her from Wklt ou th0 snhject. Orlocli ?CeiUSD co!1'li Blle ''ad for leaving Glen- to hine fn be C0,uld think of "one. There was had iipvin?' '!, kut t0 continue as slio ! vronld Lin'i- i wee,!;s wald soon pass that shs wonia i rCr enflagement to an end. Then E »l nflfIeotoretur'1 'o her old unattached notaenin a 8 e P'omiscd to herself sho would j not again from. I thfnsril? ,"f"i daye dre'T on t0 Christmas, and ' Position int ?r- ,emaDCipfltion from tho falfio E toomenHrr? Bho hnd "wed heraelf in a | an end ' LlTea ,' be betrayed approached Bade r.nl.i wor i' bard at her profession, and ' of the T -n br0re3S»' d water-color drawing chased hvCTr a,ntV,,'a Chargor had been pur- to nlav th Folchampton, who delighted of promise f 1 Maecenas to young artists ton wm lot sum. Lord Polohnmp- Winifreil'a orably impressed by tho proof of drawing thathoUi luri?i8hod »>er spirited ions an, i . ''ail giron hor two commis- her wplfar«B a nd mossago of intorcst in pstronaee i5,?,mislns to securo her further the doTifi.,1 k Frth no much to encourage hor ontil flhn berfie'f with mora untiring industry ""r talth ady Faleenridge's fears lest One In " uld ,t?lT0 wa.v under the strain. Claude lniDB P0!l' bro"g'it a lottor from »ocordinVcb0J,f ,<j0minff 10 Glon-Orlocli, in his mori,„ ? . 0 arrftngcmenc inado with wife, PlDE to securo Winifred for hia As Winifred still mainttiincd Rilonco concern- ing tho three years of her life that followed her father's death Lady Falconridge felt that the time had come for her to make an attempt to penetrate through her reserve. 11 1 have noticed that yoa never say anything of your affairs before you entered upon the career of a nurse. Will yon not tell me of that time, dear ?" she said a3 they sat alone in the drawing-room. Lady Falconridge's manner wag kind, bat Winifred started as if something had stnngber. The color tied from her cheeks and she raised her hands abovo her head in an attitude of despair. Then Hinging herself on her knees before the chair on which Lady Falconridge wns sitting sho hid her head in her lap and broke into passionate weeping. u Do not "trouble about it my child," said Lady Falconridu'e, soothingly, as she stroked the heavy rnassca of her rich brown hair as Bhe spoke. " Isbonld be glad if yon could give me your confidence, but if it hurts you to say any thing ofihat time wo will not speak of it." "Uh, how I wish I could toll you," cried Winifred, between her sobs. "It is a secret, a horrible secret. It ia not my secret alone 5 if it were I would tell you all : but I must keep it and Winifred'9 agitation became so great that Lady Falconridgo was compelled to forbear pressing her inquiries fnrtber. Claude when he came was told what had happened, and a strange fear crept into his heart us he saw how great was the chango which had passed over Winifred since last ho saw her. Bho seemed as if turned to stone. She gave bim her huud shyly and timidly, and scarcely ventured to raise her eyes to his, "I will not distress her by speaking to her," he said afterwards to bis mother, "norshall she be questioned any more. But I will penetrate this secret of hers aud then she shall be mine- bo the secret what it may." Claude returned to London next day and as Lady Falconridge's manner became more kinder and more thoughtful than ever Winifred's spirits slowly revived, though tho memory of Lady Falconridge'3 question remained with her to keep her in perpetual remembrance how hopeless was tho passion she cherished in her heart for Claude Maclean. One thoaght com forted her. Sho alone hud to bear this misery of a fuiilo love. So she imagined. If she had known V CHAPTER XIL u A Ui3k too strong for wizard spells j 7 his 8quiro had brought about ; 'Tis cii3>- dropping stoues in wells But who shuli get them out ?n The time has slipped by to spring and Easter this year falls late. Tho Countess of Polchampton is holding ouo of her fashionable receptions which attracts half London to her doors. She is go ing down into .Suffolk to stay with Lord and Lady Lrutou at Brutcn Towers for the recess, for she has a new eeherno on hand to marry her brother, Sir Reginald Denison, to Lady Isabel Cbiide, the eldest daughter of the Earl of Brutoa— a beauty and au heiress who has just beeu presented. Lady Polehampton has been able to advanco such convincing reasons in favor of the alliance that Sir Reginald Deoisou has promised to look in at her receptiou to be introduced to Lady Isabel, who has only recently returned to England from a convent in France, where she has spent tho last three years of her school life, and whom Sir Reginald vaguely remembers a9 a fair-haired child, full of dash ami uniuiai spirits, hut who bus now sobeied down into a discreet maiden. " At last 1" cried the Couutess, with a frown, as she caught 9ight of her brother endeavoring to elbow his way to the crowd. "I had almost given jou up." " Couldn't get here sooner/' said Sir Reginald .apologetically, lie didn't explain that ho had been employed more agreeably to his tastes at a new gambling club, where baccarat and high stakes were supreme, and of which tho police were supposed to know nothing, and that after winning heavily ho had been tempted to stay until fortune turned, and ho lost all his winnings and a few thouxauds besides. 'kIt is very vexiug," said Lady Polehampton. ,s Lady Isabel has been monopolised all the evening by tho most eligible men in the room. You.really ought to havo come sooner. There sho is with Algy Fitzberbert. Mind he does not cut you out, Reginald," "I cau afford to givo Algy a good start and cut him out at the last," said Sir Reginald. " Dou't be too sure," was the reply. "Lord Algy will be a duke some day. His brother Jifilitigton is positively dying, -they say. Algy will bo tho best match in England before be is much older ; and tho Brutous are so mer cenary," she added below her breath. "He is welcome to what he can get," re turned Sir Itegiuald, "beauty and heiress and dukedom to boot." That wou't do, Reginald," hia sister re torted. " It is quite time that yon were married and settled down, and if you will ouly be amenable to mo this time I will engage to bring this match off before I leave Brnton Towers." "You ahvayslwcro fond of managing for other people, Soliua," said Sir Reginald, with a cyni cal smile. 'MYoutd you be surprised to bear that I am quite indifferent whether I marry or not ? " And would you be saprised to hear that speeches iiko that sometimes make mo think that you have a wife already hidden away somewhere, whom you dare not produce," burst forth tho Countess wrathfully. It was a ran dom shot, but it told, for Sir Reginald winced and changed color, and when next ho spoke he was what his sister would have called " more amenable." I suppose tho money is all right, Selina ? he asked. " Trust mo for that. Her grandmother, tho Marchioness of St. Gerryan, who was the big gest screw I ever kuew, has left her all her hoardings." "Then introduce me as soon aa you like My exchequer will stand a little replenish- "It ought not to want anything of the kind, said the Countess looking up with a quick glance of suspicion. " Ah, but you see it does," answered Sir Reginald, banteringly. " Are you reallj goiug, Mr. Maclean ? " asked the Countess, addressing Claude, who was making for the door. "Thanks, I must. You nro coming to morrow ? " " Yes, you may expect us beforo luncheon, said the Countess, smiling lightly at the hand some artist, who wns a favorite of hers. "Here is a good idea for yon, Reginald," Raid tho Countess, turning to her brother as Claud Maclean left the salon. "Lady Isabel and I intend to commence a round of the Btudies to-morrow. I will iutroduce her to you in a moment and then you can bo our cavalier and return with us to lunch. I will iseo that you have an opportunity for tote-a-tfite, and do— oh do, cut out Algy Fitzberbert." Sir Reginald "smiled at his sister's enthusiasm and agreed to fall in with her plans. Claude Maclean frowned heavily when ho saw Sir Reginald Denison enter his studio next day no tho escort of the Countess of Polehamp ton and Lady Isabel Childc. He knew some thing of the dark secrets of Sir Reginald's life, and had hitherto declined tho honor of the baronet's acquaintance. It was true that his information was mainly derived from hearsay, but in this caso the hearsay was too well accredited in Claude Maclean's opinion to mako a personal acqunintauco desirable. However, ho could not be rude to Sir Reginald :in the prcseuco of his sister, and tho introduction was accomplished with a still! bow on Mr. Maclean's aide nnd a gracious extension of tho baud on Sir Reginald's which Claude ignored. Tho artist directed the attention of his visitors to tho only landscape that he contem plated sending iu that year. It was a fine picture of Beu-Cruacban after a storm. The mighty mountain mass waa half veiled behind a thick, moving mist. The clouds had parted and fallen away from tho summit, wreathing themselves in heavy masses lower down, whilst on the top thero was the glint of U trembling fihaft of light, faintly tiuged with the rosy glow caught from the light of the setting bud Jtwaan masterpiece of coloring and feeling. It seemed as if tbo whole mountain were alive and bursting throngh the fetters of mist that imprisoned him, whilst a wonderful art had en dowed the misty vapors with au appearance of lifo, as they stretched forth their long, filmy arms as though they would still detain the titanic mass in their embrace. When Maclean's visitors had exhausted the vocabulary of adulation in praise of this work he turned to hia second picture. This was con cealed by a curtain, and for a moment Claude bung iu doubt whether be would allow tho picturo to be seen. But he had spoken of it to Lady Polehampton, nnd ho could not evade tho dilemma. He must withdraw the curtain which concealed it, or decline to allow the picture to be seen on account of tho presence of Sir Reginald. For such an extreme course lie had no motive, except his extreme distrust of the baronet and liis dialiko to have tho idol of his soul polluted by tho gaze of a man for whom he entertained feelings of intense dislike. His hesitation was brief. Ho drew back the enrthin and disclosed to view tho picture to which ho had devoted himself with the wholo power of hia geuius, fired by love. It was his "Helon of Troy," for which Winifred had sat 111 Glen-Or- locb. The ladies held their breath in astonishment at tho loveliness of the vision that buret on their view. The picturo contained all that art could do to extol womanly boauty. For such a Helen tho fault of Paris might havo been judged venial. For Buch a prize men might be forgiven fighting. Tho passions which provoked tho Trojan war were explained. Tho effect produced on Sir Reginald was electrical. Thero ho saw tho imago of his wife limned on canvas in tho full imaturity of hor charms. Tho picture almost seemed to breathe. It was not tho Winifred ho had known in her bright girlhood, and whom by a kind of moral coercion ho had forced into marriage, and still Icps tho Winifred whom ho had left sitting pale and worn and sad by tho lire in the hotel at York. But Winifred nn she might have been if her lot had been happy. Hot for a moment did Sir Reginald suspect tbo truth. The UkeneBs challenged hie atten tion, but bo did not imagine that his wife could have grown into the beautiful woman pourtrayed by Claude Macleau'Bjpenci). "It must besomo other woman," he thought, " like Winifred in deed, bnt more beantiful." He stood tonguo-ticd before the picture, bat his silence passed with out notice, except from Claude, who watched him narrowly. Lady Polebamptou chatted away, rather at a loss for superlatives, seeing that Bhe bad expended all that she had at her command in her praises of Ben-Craachan. But she found words that were apt enought to ex press her pleaauro in the picture and her praise of the beauty of the original. " It is a portrait it is not ?" she asked ; and when Claude bowed In assent she exclaimed with sincere warmth, "Sho must be a woman of exquisites beauty." Ciande Maclean accompanied bis visitors to the door. As they were descending tbe stops to tho street, Sir Reginald stepped back — " We have not met before, Mr. Maclean," he said, "and perhaps yeu may regard my question as a liberty. Would you liave any objection to give me tbo address of your model ?" "Most certainly," returned Claude haughtily, " I can do nothing of the kind." K I assnro you that you are mistaking my motives," continued Sir Reginald. " My intentions are strictly honorable. If the lady who sat for that picture will do me tbe pleasure to accept an alliance with me I- shall be proud to lay everything I have at her feet." You look as ifjyou meant it," retorted Claude grimly. "I do most seriously, 'pon my honor," said the baronet. "Your honor 1" retorted Claude scoffingly. "You may spare tbo use of tho term to me. How do you know that my model is not hump-backed and a cripple ? There was once such a case. A great man made a similar request to an artist on ono occasion, and bound himself down to a promise of martiage by tho most solemn vows. Ho 6aw tbo model. She had a very nice face, aa faces go, bnt sho did not look 10 beautiful as she did on canvas. She was unshapely and a cripple. Tbe great man turned sick with horror when bo saw her. But be was held to bis promise, and afterwards he did not like it. You may read my parable, and you will excuse mo reminding you that you are detaining tho ladies." Then in a low ; tone he added sternly, "Henceforth vru arc strangers, sir." Sir Reginald bit his lip with vexation nnd tripping down tho steps joined Lady Pole hampton and Lady Isabel in the barouche with ! an apology for keeping them waiting. " We shall not bo long at the next studio," said the Countes9. "The artist is yonng, but of extraordinary promise, I am told. Pole hampton wishes me to call. He has bought tho picture." The bouse at which she stopped was of humble pretensions, and Sir Reginald cast a look of almost cynical displeasure as he noticed the moan surroundings. But within, everything spoke of comfort and of refined taste, if not of luxury. But Sir Riginald, who brought up the rear, almost staggered beneath the blind ing shock of the discovery when he entered the studio and found himself In tho prescucu of his wifo I The effect on Winifred, for it was sho who W09 the young artist of promise, aud whose picture, entitled " Highland Castle," Lord Pole bamptou had bought, was even more startling, though she was not wholly unprepared for tbe risks that she knew she ran of encountering Sir Reginald Denison. Sbo clinched the bosom of her dress convulsively with her fingers, in the effort to coQtrol the beating of her heart, which throbbed wildly with excitemeut, and she turned pale to the lips. "Yoa are ill," said Lady Polehampton, in a gentle, sympathising voice, who was in turn startled by tho resemblance that. Winifred bore to Claude Maclean's "Helen of Troy," but who suppressed her curiosity iu her concern for Winifred's evident discomposure. "No, not ill," cried Wintrred, making a heroic effort to recover from the agitation occasioned by tbe sudden appearance of her husband. "It is only an old paiu. It rarely troubles me — it will soon pass." And as she spoke, with a significant emphasis meant for her husbaud's ears alone, she darted a swift look full of meaning on Sir Reginald. The incident ended quickly, and after tho picture was examined and praised, it was with a sigh of relief that Winifred saw hor visitors depart. " I think tbat will do for to-day," said Lady Polehampton, as they left the studio. "It is nearly lunch time. Are you not coming with us, Reginald ?" she asked, as the baronet stood hesitating on the pavement. "If you will excuse me, I think I will walk, Selina. You may expect me to lunch, of course." This with a polite bow and a mean ing smile directed to Lady Isabel, which in a man of meaner birth would have been called a leer. Sir Reginald had made a discovery that sur prised him and he wanted time to think. He had not only met his wife unexpectedly after a lapse of nearly three years, but he bad made the discovery that his wife and Claude's model, who had inspired bim with such a strango longiug that he was ready to throw himself at her feet, were one and the same person. It was a revela tion, too, to find that his wifo had blossomed into a woman of such extraordinary beauty, iur Lie nua vjuusiruiueu lu atie. tiuwieuge iu uiui- Bclf that the picture had not flattered Winifred. It seemed to him that it fell short of doing justice to her personal charms. Sir Reginald was too profound an idolator of self to have auy capacity for the divine passion, but he remembered that the nearest feeiiug to lore he had ever kuown had been called up by Winifred's bright girlish beauty, though ho had soon grown cloyed by possession. But now that he beheld her itt the ripe perfectness of her womanhood and remembered how lightly ho had let her go he was ready to curse his folly. If he had been a man of large and unselfish nature it might have been thought that Sir Reginald had taken fire in a moment and fullcu in love again with his owu wife. " What a skiu," ho murmured' to himself 6oftly, as he trod the street with his jaunty stop. "And what features! And what a shape ! Helen of Troy is she, and that fellow Maclean is the lucky Paris, I suppose ? Hoi if I know it. 1 must get her back by hook or by crook." Lady Polehampton found her brother an un interesting companion at lunch that day. Iu reality Sir Reginald's thoughts were back at the shabby little house in Kensington, and he was scheming how he could escape Lady Polebainp- ton's attention in order to return there, and how if once admitted within those walls he could prevail on his wife to return to him. But it Is easier dropping atones into wells than getting them oat again. CHAPTER XIII. 1st. Gent. Our deeds are fetters that we forge onr- telres, 2nd Gent. Ay, truly, but I think it is tho world That brings the lton. In University parlance, Claude Maclean 1 "sported bis oak" after lbs departure of his visitors. In plain English, be shut himself up in his studio and declined himself to other callers that he might nurse his wrath, which was great. Claude Maclean had been brought up with too much Spartan simplicity to endure with patience the emasculated manhood of tbe fashionable dawdler. The blood of the old Covenanters that ran in his veins rendered him contemptuous of ; men who by their vicos invite popular odium on their order. He held fast to tbe old maxim Noblesse oblige , with the result that for men of ; the stamp of Sir Reginald Denison he felt an instinctive antipathy almost amounting to loath ing. The baronet's request to be furnished with tho address of his model stirred the anger tbat be felt on seeing a man of besmirched reputation enter his studio_ to a white heat of fury. Tho possibility of Winifred being sub jected to the intrusive impertinence of Sir Reginald Denison added fuel to the flame. In the mood in which he found himaolf after bis visitors had left be would willingly have snatched at any excuse forgiving the baronet a sound thrashing tbat could cover him with bruises and leave every bono in his body sore and aching. He felt himself almost ready for homicide if Sir Reginald chanced to return. " Curse the fellow's impudence," he exclaimed in his wrath. "Hanging is too good for human vermin like him. He ought to be cut up into bits." Then a sadden thonght caused him to hound out of hit chair. " What a fool I am not to have thonght of it before," he cried. "Lady Polehampton will take him there, of coarBe. What moro natural, seeing that Lord Polehampton has bought her picture, and has so generously interested him- aelf in her career. That scamp Denison, who is still as black as they make 'em, will soon know the address ho wa9 so keen after." And seizing his hat, Ciande rushed from the house, banging tho door behind him ia his fierce impetao9ity. The mystery that hang over Winifred's life during those three years concerning which she was bo curionsly reticent had often occupied Claude's mind since his visit to Glen- Orloch at Christmas, though ho wns as far from arriving at a satisfactory solution as ever. But his faith in the parity of her nntaro did not waver, despite the uncomfortable element of mystery that surrounded her. He never doubted that whateror personal reasons Winifred might hare for her silence tbe interests, real or imaginary, of some one else occasioned her reserve and that whenever tbe curtain came to be lifted and her hidden past disclosed the revelation would bring her un blemished purity Into striking relief. Claude Maclean was too obsorrant a student of human lifo to be uuaware of tbe manifold reasons that might lead a virtuous woman to bury sad remi- niscenaes of tbo past in the oblivion of silence. Ho waB too noble-minded to be readily acces sible to suspicion regarding any person. It was the working theory of lifo to take human nature on trust until reasons for distrust were forthcoming and when onco he garo ,his faith ho gave it oatright. But as ho hurried along tho streets tho ques tion forced itself on his mind, "Was Sir Regi nald Denisou bound up in any way with the secret of Winifred's life?" Was it possiblo that the baronet had contrived in some manner to obtain some hold upon her ? Claude recoiled from the bare supposition, but ho conld not thrust from his mind the startled look of astonishment which Sir Reginald betrayed when the curtain was withdrawn from the picture. Claude felt that the look was not one of sur- I prised delight in a work of art Amazement, porplexity and something tbat seemed like recognition were im printed on tho baronet's face. It was this that troubled Claude. Ho felt that the rfiys- tery that surrounded Winifred was thickening, 18 and that the shadow of some great trouble that he was unable to define was gathering round the path of tbe woman ho loved with a devo tion tbat nothing could quonch. A rapid walk of 10 minutes brought him to the street where Winifred lived. He arrived in time to seo the carriage containing Lady Pole hampton nnd Lady Isabel being driven away from tho door whilBt Sir Reginald followed iu the same direction . at a leisurely : pace. He fretted and fumed over tbe delay tbut ensued beforo the one servant that Winifred kept opened tho door in answer to his Imperative knock. "Is Miss West at home?" ho inquired with breathless agitation, end without waiting for a reply be pushed past the domestic and made for tbe studio where he found Winifred looking pale and limp with hor head reclining on her hand, buried in thought. The last mouths of Winifred's life had brought her great happiness. The only tincture of bitterness in her cup was the souse of the hopeless passion for Claude Maclean that had come to her unawares, and the struggle that it entailed to hide it within her own breast aud live her life as she must have lived it, if fate had not brought tbem together. In hor devo tion to her art ebe had found a relief from tbe misery of eelf-introspectiau and the sharper pang of vague desires never to be realised, and ncr endarauce had been crowucd with new strength, enabling her to rise superior to the natural weakness of her sex, With the victory over self there had come to her a great peace. But with the ghosts of the past newly risen from the grave ia which she had thought them laid for ever she felt that there was an end to her tranquility. The ap- pearanco of 6ir Reginald Denison had roused all lhe faculties of her nature into intense exercise. For the first timo she realised to the full extent the blight that he had cast upon her I life, and the great bliss that might have been hern but for tbat accidental meeting in tbe galleries of the Louvre yearn before, with all that followed upon that. Sho rebelled against tho idea that her life was just what she bad made it. She could not plead with herself that she had been reluctantly drawn into an un suitable marriage, but in some dim way she felt that Life had not been just to her in leaving her in hor youthful inexperience und guileless trustfulness at tho mercy of the first villian who chanced, in plausible guise, to cross ber path. How terribly bitter it was I How weary of life she had grown in a few ehort'ininutes ! Bat Winifred roused herself on hearing Claude's footsteps aud smiled her old sweet smile as she extended her hand in greeting. "I am so glad to see you, Mr. Maclean," she said. " It is nearly a fortnight siuce you were hero ; and I was feeling just now that tho sight of a triendly face would be welcome." " You have had visitors, I suppose," said Claude, at u loss for un excuse tp explain his agitation, which ho thought Winifred could not fail to see. " Yes ; Lady Polehampton has been here with hor brother aud Lady Isabel Childe." " I would have given a thousands pounds rather than tin should have happened," paid Claude, with ill- suppressed anxiety. " Unfor tunately that man Denison saw my 'Helen and there was an evil light in his eye as he looked ut tbe picture. I saw by hia look tbat be meant miacliief. And now he has found the original I am full of all kinds of strange fears.'" "I do not fear Sir Reginald Denison," re plied Winifred with quiet dignity. "You need be under no misapprehension on my account." " Winifred," said Claude, seating himself by ber side aud taking her baud in bis. "I have ben silent loo long. I have ouly refrained from speaking lost my words should pain you. Look at me, Wiuifreri, and tell me that you love me. I have loved you ever since I knew you. You remember where that waa. I lay unconscious and delirious in tho hospital yonder, and it seems to mo now that in my unconscious state I hud dreams of the angels — of you, my owu pure, bright angel, most of all. When first I came to myself your beautiful face hovered near me, and this baud that I am holding now soothed my fevered brow in my wcakuess and pain. You have brought me back to life. I owe everything to you. My wholo heart is yours. All my hope of happiness is in your hands to fulfil or to destroy. Give me the right to protect yon. Say that you love me, if only a little. Say that you will bo my wife." And he drew the unresisting form of Winifred cloier to him until her head lay pillowed on his breast, whilst he kissed her again and again. For one brief moment Winifred dared to be happy and to believe that the bliss she had dreamed of and thrust away from her might lie in store for her ; but the next moment her vanished strength had returned to her and she disengaged herself from Claude's embrace and looked him sorrowfully iu the face. "Oh, Claude, forgive mo 1" she cried. "I listened to yon. But my love for you has made me very weak. What you hope for can never bo." " What do you mean? " cried Claude. "Do you not love me?" " Have 1 not said io ? " replied Winifred mournfully, and then Hinging herself into bis arras she exclaimed, "Claude, Claude, my heart is breaking. I do love you with my whole heart and soul, but 1 cannot be your wife. Say you foreive me." "Capitally acted Lady Denison 1 I said the last time we met that you would make a first- rate actress." Sir Reginald by judicious bribery and a little cajolery had persuaded the maid to nllow him to find his way to the studio unannounced, where he had arrived in time to hear Winifred confess her love for his rival. As their faces were turned from the door they bad not seen him enter, but on hearing his voice they rose from the couch on which they were sitting and con fronted him. Ciaude stood for a moment contemplating Sir Regiuald with heaving breast and dilaliug nostrils, and then made as though he would spring upon hiin, when a quick movement from Winifred arrested him. "Do not touch him, Claude. You shall not soil your bauds. Now, go— for my sake— go ! Do not be afraid for me," she added, drawing herself up proudly. "I do not fear this man. Go at once, Claude, and leave ine to deal with this liar— this coward — this common gambler and cheat i " "I go at your wish," said Claude, "but I recall nothing of what I have said, I leave be hind 111a the entire trust of my whole heart." And darting a fiery look of hatred at tbe baronet, be yielded to Winifred's request. But though he quitted the studio he went no further than the drawingroom. He determined that he would remain within call lest violence should be attempted on the woman he loved. There was one ray of light ahinlng through the darkness that overwhelmed Claude's spirit. He knevv tbo worst. He knew that the woman he loved was the wife of Sir Regiuald Denison. But the discovery did not alienate her from hiin. Henceforth, he vowed, his lips must be sealed upon the passion that he cherished for Wini fred. But he felt that moro than before sbo required to be shielded by the deep unutterable affection tbat he bore for her from the tyranny of a villain, and as be thought of the terrible power that the English law gives to a bad hus band over hi9 wife, Claude trembled for Wini fred's future. (To be cantinued.) 