lil.S A N ^ K L . CJLA.l'T.KR IX. LIV HENKV Amln>r <-f "S<-ar!<'t Fortune," "" Ka^'o Jv " thp Whitis. kc.," Joint A nt. 1 <:r of - The Uishop's BsWe," "Wild Darsie." "Crw Traveler "The Ki!;tr K:r.{r-"' " Clawiuai," fee., ft'j. \Vl>:te the bla-'A: thuader^louds of tl.-e-«•<<).»- Etiro ^if l^L- uulitc's shaaie wer.; rolling n- arer and tln-iitcniiig Jlivs Anpels peace, ill-; young laiiy was in the !ia.ppi-sl and busiest of uruod-. An o:it;it had to iie ordered, and for the tir.sfc iv ;:>;r young !rfe is^ iCcrshaw t-wlc .".n inturest. a great hiStHM-st, in female liners- and Diillinar's artitio:'S. iconsidered that- in govia abroad she vras lea.ing her country which was her ova i>otne, tted where she could M she pleaded, for or. wl^re the foifclas <»f ceremonious siortj' had to be taken into ! aoooant, and whepeaeop.hfd to be thrown to the Csrbenis of fsstion if she • desired to asco- ^t,, v/ith who were fcer ^ ^ in 8tatioa. She had dsoewd-coamionsense'enoufh to unde-stand tliafi whilst ic New Yodc aad the States die w.is Mi-a Kcrshs w of Angelica City —--a.personally whom most ,])cople knsv. -ar.d who coald afford ts d^eas at; -simply or as oddly as she pleas;d—u? I'.r.roi^s the customs and habits -of society u.^ji.-d to be coiwiderid, asid she would not be nble, for iastaiice; to go to adiaaer party ia her ordinary walkicfj dress w ithout attracting analiaritabte notice. Much as she disliked it therefore, at first she had to hand herself <jnev to the tender leercies «f the fashionable diie^siuaker. But -appetite conies with eating, and whether it WEG that Cifae enthusiasm of toe modiste ab-iut goig«.~ys gowTisasd mantles asid what not was contagions, or that the yasag lady had never sreall" uaderstosd what deHgict the 'female ii iud can tind over the eelectioa of materials, the:.a!!- ininortaal decision saiyiit out and slui^je, ar.d <et*j>eeially over tliat euperlatively etKuting occupation of trving^ac, Miss Angel's opinions about frocks and frorifeuildeFt gradually, b T .:t surely, underwent a ooraplete change, ^(Lshe wasas.hajrjy over heriiewly discovere'i«fjiit:- meat as a. ohild over a. new toy. Miss :K»?shnw was closeted with her philosopher and^guide, the fm4uonabee milliner acd dre"ssmaker,.deep in the aiudy of'the intricesaos of ti'.ie last Parisian edicts relating to frocks, • whoa Hubert Underwood was admitted belov.% and immediately jjroeeeded to the library. wli'jce he hoiied to find Da-tiel K^isshaw. The yoiins mall wae jjale. His vy.es wandered acout the room cestlossly, and ,his haode trembled. Mr. Kershaw happened to.L-e mameniarily zb-ent, and to the youBg journalist tlie -few niipules that elapsed .before ths miUioaiirc.ie^ts.-ed the iiljcary apjiaared in terminable. The .old pionasr at otioe m?ticed ihe |secularly norvous coiidition of the .usually so caloi and une^eeitablQ young mia, aed inuccdiatel-y faced him with .tlie remark— "Tbar's somethin' gone crosfced, -bay, I • know. Wthat is ifc- " "Mr. KarghaWj"answered Unferwaod, "ll had intended,, it,possible, to space \you the worry and Annoyfmce which are ixiund tc arise from ihe disclosure I have Us uifjce to you, but masters have taken such a tarn that I deem it 017,.duty;, tc tell you what kes (happened. "Hold hasd." e.vclaiaied the old man. "I guess what yet?'re genii to tell me ain't ie 6v>.-et as marile suga<\- an' if ^ ^3W don't mind l'il -clt down to it. Now, ijiy boy," he contisued, seating himself ,jn his. bic armchair," VET -cso start an' run j^n'. race an' nave the wiiak length o' the rfi^c!." "My rather—the fathc- of wIkhh I hj-re such reason to be^hamed*—continued Hubert with an an>dou.s ;tremour thrilling bis voie^, , " is in New York. He has;.ieen in New York j for some days." | It was Daniel Suersbaw's turn to feel his j nerves tingling with an unaccustomed trepidation. He nad faced dangers of all kinds over and over again : he had laughed gaunt Death in the face on soores.of ocpasiqas; but shame, and especially shame sad distress to his Angel, affrighted him. A ghost had. hinted him for two or three days past—a ghost called up by tlichael Turner's fa3e v^hich he htd seen from his window—the ghost of Hellti-.e Joe that scowled at him of a .eight, and glared at from odd corners .of his dcoams, and pcinted with claw-like tinrers to its torn and swollen neck and cried " What right have you w-i±'j my daughter V Give up my <Vnghter ! Tel her that you killed me'!' " Waal," lie said slowly, u that ain.t news as would print an' buy j: frame i jr an' hang in the parlour, but I pi^'ss it was. to be some-iay or other. I reckon hi wants ofceney, an' he ll have to have it." "Ihave given him money, '" rers irted Unc^rwood ijiiterly, " but it is like driblets thro*, n into the osean. The more you g;\« < the mof i he wastes in debauchery, and the more he wants. jFhat would be little, but te has .just escaped from gaol and there is no.crime that he would sot commit when in drink or to get drink. He.made a great show of being anxious to reform, a;id very nearly succeeded iu throwing dust in jay eyes. Luckily lie betravfi himself, and lie .betrayed himself over a us.! or pretended gredge against you. ' " Agin me cried the old man iu a-tonis-h- Hient. " Whatis he got agin me : The whole stary had to ho told the *ore co be hiid fully •ja.ie. "He savs,'' eoatinued Hubert with ^lowly nervous deliberation, "that vou handed his liatiner, Hellfire Joe, that j oii nearly handed him, that Miss Kerebaw is Hellfire Joe's daugiiier, and that he will not allow her to remain ia ignorance of her father's name." The old frontiersman had risen slowly, with blanching face, and stonily hardening features, silent and grim. Gradually die heaving bosom swelled, the lips opened, "showing tlm teeth hard set and a fierce solemnity, the solemuity oi outraged justice, shone in his eyes. •''Mike Turner vewr father,-' hissed Kershaw, •' an : hell tell my Angel tiiat her father wos a murderer, an'that I hanged hi;n. Not much lie won't, I reckon. Whar is he':" he demanded nearly savagely. I have him safe for the moment," answered Underwood aghast at the impression his announcement had made ujion the millionaire. " He is under lock and key in a small hotel in Canal- street, and the proprietor is keeping watch and guard over him." "But yew eavn't keep him thai- for ever,'" cried the pioneer, . _ "let'skeeji our heads cool, t au' see that the primin's dry. It won't do now to go to Yewrup, an' leave him liyar. That would look cowardly, an' 110 man or devil shall ever say that Dau'l Kenhaw wo? afraid of him. It ain't yewr fault, my b iv. 'lor any m-jr- Hell (ire Jod He had confessed the hard inked without knowing that he had confessed it. but now that it was told he felt the load of a millstone taken from his mind. For years he had jealously guarded the secret. Kow another man shared it, the maa of all others most likely to shield with the bulwark of his- ou-.i life her whom it threatened. And Hubert, knowing that his betrothed was of as lowly, as mean, and as despicable birth as himtelf, was so steeped in his love that he felt not even .1 tinge of added jov over the discovery which brought Angelica Kershaw to a nearer level with himself. She was not low<-i-i-d a liairsbrendth in his esteem, iu his levi-reiiee, iii his adoration. Only a tremorous pity, a tender sorrow that anointed his lov? and made ir a trifle softer and balmier. No! a remark, not an exclamation of sui prisee.scap-1 from hi* lip*. His Angel was |ii< Angel, and ho would as lief have chided ;; butterfly for having sprung from a chrysalis as ha. i-.lreamed of deeming ir a reproach that she was as low born as himself. " I guess yew've got to let me handle that father o' yewrii.'' continued Daniel Korshav.-. "It ain't to be reckoned :is yevj'd keep the grip 011 him another man could. He ain't unite a doggone fool, l.'liee.sefru;.e Mike aint. 1 f he's jest escaped from pris'n he knows that h- can be sent back again. He may think that his own son wouldn't do that, but lie's ta«t«-d samples of my pepper afore, an' I guess hi< mouth is smartin'yet. Thar's two things to be did. Mike Turner's got to be made 1.1 keep a close tongue and " here the old man's voice dropped, and a trc-mor vibrated through it—"my Angel's got to know that 1 ain't her father." " But surely,'" exclaimed Hubert. \- ^ "Oh, don't yew J-•• go an' frighten vewself, interrupted Kershaw. 1 ain't goin' to tell j her notlnn about Hellfire Joe an' his gallows. 1 J har ain t nothen to Ix- gained by that. But I count as 1 got to be honest at last, an' tell her as I've stole her love, an' beg her to forgive me \- to forgive me.' ; The voice became softer and nearly fearful as l»f went 011. It was the voice of a poor repentant sinner proclaiming his hope of a pardon to come. " V«, my boy," he related, " I've stole her lo^, an' what's more," he added with a stem resolution, "I mean to keep it, (}od bein' willin'. all the davs of my life. Now yew go down town, an'if it can be did, yew bring that father o' yewrn to me hyar. If'it cayn't be did, yew come back an' let mi. know, an' I'll go down to him." "It's 011'y right," he muttered when the young man Was gone. " It wosn't fair tostartr v. ith, an' <!<,<! knows rs I've tried (o fight agin it. an' tell l.« r of it thin many u ytar past," • The yoting lady was in a pretty pout at being <? -tail»d. ' What a bother, ddddie, dear," she e.i- «'!a..rii('i as she came into the room, radiant -.. uli t!;e gluwof a.reeable» Kcit«-mt'iit. "Mrs. Mortimer is upstairs, and her assistant and she has to go l);t..-k nearly iuniiediately, a:id she < :-.n t v.'rut. ' " 8r. down here, my Angel, in: "aid softly. Nrv«'t mind the dressuuker fjr a few iiiiiml's,'' "A few miimt^s':" she cried, jr.irsing hor jnetty hps ; " a few minutes " Vi-S. a few luiniLt,'' he replied. Perh;..jv, ten, iici-haps nfteeJi. Ye-.v'll give them to your daddie, won't yew, if he asks yew V" "Why, vuu're as serious as s. .Juilze, dildie d< ar, v rejoined Miss Angel, s«Dting herseif on a footstool at his feet and Jook.'i:^ up into his • yes. " What is the matter What lias hapl»ened He tu >k her hand betweos his twe* hands J and kissed lier upuu the lerehei^d lung and 1 fervently. i "I love yew so, my Angel," he breathed. "1 b'-lievi- I'd die if I were forbid to leve yew. 1 ain't much of a hand ai Kiym' wi?ys, nor v iierefon's, nor hows, but I know th:u yew r.: setth d jest here, jest on toy heart, au' groived thai-." "1 know this, daddie darling."-oke whispered surprixedly. "I h-ve knov/E it ever ' since I've been able to understand v b;it it is to be loved." ! " An' yew love me, my dearhe routinued in the .same tenderly vibrating half- broken i voice. " Yew love me as a, good Sell ought to ' love her father. Tell me, dearie, do.yew love i me because yew think I'xa yewr fath-jr, or do yew love me because it s yewr nature, an' yew j ean n't 11 help lovin' m< She loolied up at him with her big, dark eyes, brimming with her heart's full devot'dness. "What a question to ask. daddie,' she said : smilingly. "I love you iccni'sc I lo'-e you— i because you're the deurest daddie in tlie world \- because not to love you would l:e impassible. " "Ah, would it'"" lie retorted. Suppose— jest suppose—1 uosn't vev.T father. Suppose yewr father wos dead an' gone long ago, an' I've taken his place an' given out as I was yewr father." His eves wefe glued upor her r„s ho spoke, j He watched everv movement of her features as if .ill his heaven was staked upon IK- reply. ! " I don't want to suppose any such thing,'' she answered ; "what is the good of >'t "Answer me." he pleaded. " SuJ-flose it ! wos — suppose J wo=u't yev.:r father"—how i woiild it be then?'' i "W'hy, if it were so," she replied w;t)j j droojied eves, and the linsor.s of one hana haud ,| nervously moving across the open palm of 1 the other, " you have beeu my father. I j know no other; I caa remembor nj other: I can think of 110 other." " llut if I had told yew lies," he went on in 1 ahoaise stoniness-if I had told yew iiories j that wosn't true, becos I had ±0 cay -somethiu', yew know, when yew asked questions (an' yew did ask a lot, yew know," all sort- of 'em, about yewr mother, an' about things, • an' I, I told them one after another, an, olie wickeder than another, becos you see,, my dearie," he cried in an agony of confession, " 1 am not yewr father, an' I've lied to you all this while. An' now it's had to come out an' yew.'Jl despise me." He turned his face aside and buried.it inlik hands. She, slowly and gently, and with the tears of piteouc sympathy welling in her eyes aaid rolling over her cheeks, drew his fingers aside from whj-e they rested, and .encircling his neck witk her soft arms, pressed her face against hi6; sobbing as if her heartstrings were overstrained in their effort to make sweet riusic. " No, da'idie, darling," she cried. " Nev;r, .daddie darlify, never, now, in this life which is yours, never, now or hereafter, you. not juy father t There is only one for me beside you, tho Master iiiiheaven. A thousand times more ajy father npwsthan you ever could have beec." jtad kissingfcim again and again in such "hft'y embrace f". a daughter may give to hor [Wont, she laid her head on his bosom, and the. sturdy pioneer wept with her as though they both were children. She pulled out. her handkerchief ac<f dried his eyes .. and hers at the same time. "l"i-ten to me,, my Angel," he wliispejed. ^'lllrhavo it off 0:7 chest, as much of it, at -any rate, as yew cefd to to told.'" A shiver of self-rerroach went through him ait that • • moment, as ' ~ oe reflected .. .. that a portioa at least.,ef the dreai facts would have to Ut. ooaeealed from her. " Yew.wos a tiney.w?e babby," he went on skjivly and stolidly, "fallen yewr father died, just about three year ok', an' yew had no one in the wide world to gi-.'e ye v. as much as a d drop o'water—no father, no m-ith.-r, no sister, m no brother, no nobody. I Snowed yewr father. He was not . very good man, but it ain't my place hyar tasty a word afnn him afore yew, his daughter. Yew wos t'se prettiest baby that I ever seed,.an' the mocent I set my eyes ou yew I took .to yew. an" yew took to me. Yew could barely toddle 6,'ien, an' I was as pleased as a squaw over a rew red blanket to have a little thiryr like vev- crowin' at ime when I c-um home from the .mountains or from prairie loafin'. An' then yew growed, an' the mere yeiv growed the more ! yew got to be a need to me, an' I | would rather have done without {ny pipe an' j my whisky fifty times, aye, than without yew. • An' then yew got old enough to talk, an'to ask about things, an' tien tho iies had tp begin, an' yew called me daddie, an' £ didn't lik<i to say ' ,cay to that—it would have kurt me to £av nay : tc that. Then all the folks about called yew ; ICershaiv's little wench, an' I didn't Eiy to tha; either, an' ihe bigger yew growed the premier yew growed, au' yew got to be jeit a bit ot my heart like, an" a man jaight as eas;,* have o,' t a slice o' that out as yew. Then IgG: ' rich, nc" the gold cum tumbiin 113, ivaginsfull, : . an' I wos: glad it cum. I said to myself that's ' "H fw W Angel: an' that pleased me. yew ! know, an made me work harder, 00s I had I V^w. my desrie, to work for. An' yew growed la d .V. liensum, an'so lovin', an^so | kind to me, an' all the people loved yew, an' I I wos so proud that they did love yew, an" though J often did think of telliu' yew, I never had the heart to do it till now. An'now I have told yew, an' vew haven't calledme names, a n ' yew've kis-ed m.-, an' I'm happierthanever I wos, cov I've told yew what yew ought to I have knowed years agonc." j He raised her and drew her to his breast and j enfolded her slight frame with his great strong I arms, and pressed her to his heart, and neither j of them uttered a whisper fot tlie space of a ' j 1 I ; minute or two. j ' Do not speak of t'nisagaiu, daddie darling," 't r-he breathed. '" I want to know no more about 1 it. I am doubly your child, for now my sense of gratitude is awakened, and I am beginning 1 to feel how much I owe to your love. But for you I might be a poor, wretched, forlorn waif the prairies, a straw cast before the winds, md "* 1 u here T I ~~~ am rich, respected, beloved, and cared for. I have not yet been able to arrive ; at a full appreciation of my debt to you, but I ^ will soon, daddie dear, I will. But I love you all the more, if that be possible. I'm a fright,"' she ev.-Uimcd with changed eounhnaiiCN junming . up _ reorardiu: _ _ , herself »! t" i;mf:-ior, ' " ''and " " Mrs. Mortimer ; will think that you ' AC ' b-eU scolding [ tile, and ha\e made me cry. I don't J care.'' she add.jd bi brightly, smoothing her | tresses and cooling her . glowing . ..." _ face r with her 1 .. ; . handkerchief, "let her think what she likes." I M>e blew a kiss to him. as ,s!ie paused for a moment at the door. j "God bless you, daddie darling," she i whispered, and was gone. j Gone like a soft breeze that had cooled th-.; burning faee. Gone like a bounteous shower that has refreshed the sun scorched plain. Gone like blc-sscd charity that leaves its happiness111 its wake. Gone as love do js go. when it has brought life and hope, and has promised to return. The pioneer was fitting in his armchair dic- amily, as he had never remembered himself In fore. A doubt still battled iu his mind. Ought I to have told In r all, he. deliberated with himselfOught 1 to tell her still? No, no, 1:0. no ! cauie the answ er of his conscience clear as ., . larion ; you must not break her young h.-;.rt. and blast all her life with the cankering thought that her father was an assassin. At that moment y.,ung Underwood appeared at the door, paler even than he had been earlier in the morning. " What's the sign now 7" ask -.1 Kersluv.v. Is thai- a painther loose "No," gasfied the young 111:11, "but a cr-atuie that's far wor.-e. My father his got away again." '•( iotaway'. exclaimed the pi on.-';. "Waal!" '" He has nearly murdered the Ian llord of the hotel," continued Underwood. "Ho made a ghastly, horrible sling shot by filling a heavy tumbler with the iron tons screwed off from the fireirons, and tying the lot in a handkerchief, he lay in wait behind the door for the , ixior jKKir man, mail, and ana when wnen the me latter entered to co give iiim hie luncheon he struck him with a fearful blow over the back of the head, breaking the tumbler into half a dozen pieces and fracturing : the skull. It is doubtful whether or not the wounded man will live, and in the hurry and scurry my father got clean away.'' "Waal, boy, what do you propose to do?" asked Kershaw. "Heaven only knows,"'replied the journalist. "There'll lie a trial now, and an exposure, and Miss Angelica may hear all about it, for the old villain will certainly not hold his tongue. Oh, God !" he cried, "is it a sin to wish one's own father dead?" To OVEBOGMK WEAKNESS.—Pepper's Quinine and Iron Tonic gives New Lifeu Appetite, Health, Strength, and Energy. It cures Indigestion, Nervous Debility, and Neuralgia, Half-crown bottles. Everywhere. Insist 00 having PEPFSB'S. 