Oiit and About. ? ?? -. - ? .'"JW % I don't lpiow, tlifit Jb, I liavn't heard, whether anybody hSs been stumbling- about in {lie dark'lateiyMooliing'for the ehffimpion idiot of the Australasian Colonies, but,if so I can supply them with information,^^ as to bis ^hereabouts (stamps and paper for reply being the o»ly proviso). .'£*was not thirsting to discover animalcule' of this particular variety, when I'unearthed, him. ? I just fell across him like a man would fall across, the pple of a^ twpjhorse vehicle of a dirty night-unbeknownJiVe.fe * ? . * To get the whole truth off my chest straight away I might as well say that it waB editinj^a paper not a hundred miles away from Katoomba I found him ; in fact I would not be sure that it was not closer than that/ Yes! editing a paper 1 A .phenomenon indeed I fortlaer^are few of ^bis particular ^specimen engaged , in ? an occupation of tliis' kind. No^.SpEon^(s|ito think 'of it that was .' express "-ly tjtio ?%haractlrT\vlnch he dares to assume asif nis role in this transitory sphere. , 4/ # ,-j V,;v * '? ^ * ' V . .. How did you discover' him ? . Ah I npw we,"are* coming; to it! f t road his article on " Why'do Colonials have to pay railway fares?" I ^discovered -myself at once ruminating reflectively on the great problem " Wliy do people Jiave to pay. butchers' bills," but as this afforded me no consola tion-in fact rather the reverse-I put. on my spectacles'with au idoa of discovering if the .writer could suggest an oyasion of either of^lliese unwarrantable impomtions. The first'astoiinding discovery thrown at ignorant wordliugs was the fact that " the Govern ment owns the railways and the Government is all of us. We-all of .us-reap the benefit, if the railways are a paying concern, but the" profit has been made out of all of us; That is wo take money out'of one pocket and put it in the other and then say BAG how much we have made I" ' .... * # # The deep, profound', may almost over whelming logic pervading this expression of sentiment can hardly be' imagined by the maivof ordinary barn-door intellect. Tho amount of deep cogitation necessary to promote the incubation of such, truisms cannot ? be overestimated. We -are the people 1 the people are .the Government! the Government is the railway! tlio railway is the profit! the profit is the people's ! Oh ye gods and scientific men is it not scanda lous that the world has had such scant opportunities of becoming seized of this important data long ere this ?. r; . ; ? * But listen andmark it well, fcliis is ;but a tittle in comparison to ? > other discoveries, which this genius has pitch-forked into pro minence for. the benefit; of posterity! Has lie not'discovered that "the railroad Bervice as at present conducted is a disgrace to the on'd of the nineteenth century. A Baldwin locomotive weighs 95 or 100 tons ; five cars weighing 20 tons each are another 100 tons, and° a break van weighing, say, 18 tons makes a total: of 218 tons. This carries 840 passengers',-' weighing on an average 1501bs each, or ,let us say 22£ tons. Look at it! think of it 1 818 tons of rolling stock to cari-y 22J tons of mortality 1 Then we call ourselves clever." , , ; . v ? # # # This' doesn't rank as news, every school boy knows that you can't make an engine with anything else but steel, lead and copper; ho is also aware that steel and wood are essential for the construction of a railway ItQayriage; also that a guard . is a necessar^runctiouary to have charge of a trainV'ahdVUiat his van is requisite for the storage of superfiuous luggage. This critic doesn't suggest an alternative; oh no ! .he just calls upon the heavens to witness the stupidity of the blundering dunderheads of tho 19th century. We might have reasonably expected that lie would have advocated taking the engines off; altogether and allowiug tbe guard's van to try its baud at-"shifting the passenger train along on the perpetual motion theory; or perhaps, fs the railways belong to the people,, it would be better for them to shove it along to get rid of half tlio weight (the engine) which impedes the civilisation of tlio 19th century j in that case a guard would bo unnecessary though his van would be useful occasionally in whiolr to place tlia passenger's luggage and other necessaries. I was going to suggest the use of donkeys to save the engines the trouble of struggling,, up hill with- their burdens, but this brings me to another painful conBideiaMon. , , * * ; ; # A donkey weighs say 50 stone, a man say "ibst. 81b, does it not seem a pity that the ? Creator omitted to uotice this ' inequality " wlien lie constructed this animal for the use of man. Or to carry the argument a little further no sensible man can possible contem plate the massive lines of an elephant or a camel without at once concluding that a mistake has been perpetrated ^ in their creation. I must admit that-this view of 1 the matter never struck me before, but now the thoughts of my stupidity causes me to rend my unpaid for vestment and tear the ; scanty vegetation . on the upward portion of my anatomy with anguish and regret. But we have not finished yet, let us further contemplate the astounding wisdom jiof this great " I am." He continues ' Tourists ticket a for a week cost 5/6 2nd class, but; ovon this is a small boon, for such tickets 'are only available on certain trains, and other trains 'BO part empty, y.ct Springwood is a lovely place, 1 with soft airs and fine views, and it needs develop . monfc; and all of, us-that is, the Governmcnt 1 sn.v nobody shall ro there unless they can find tho leash, so that the Government-that's all of us-can 1 make a profit. Such talk is drivel. ^ ^ ? Yes it is indeed a serious offence to society f0j> ug tbe Government-to ask tourists to pay 'the exorbitant sum of 5s Gd second class return for one week from Sydnoy to Springwood 48 miles. It is more than an 'imposition! Tt is a positive crime! Just .fancy us-tho Government-askiug tho rich warshousekeepers, government officials, people of means, and tourists generally to part up this enormous, this extortionate figure of 5s 6d for a journey of such a paltry character. Scandalous and infamous are words incapable of expressing the indigna tion one feels oozing spontaneously from every pore, ' . But mark now the great finale, look how the writer dashes his pen in the ink- pot to make a convincing splash :. I£ It is necessary to make a profit out of the roads it can be done on tins basis. Supposing, we allow all the thousands who would like to come up here, come free.' Then'the supplies accessory for the multitude would have to come up on the freight train, so that full trains during: the day of free passengers, would mean full cars of paying freight all night.Then too, there are-thousands of people in our democratic land, who hate the demos, and would like to have a carnage tb themselves, ; Let them have it, and pay for it handsomely, Let people -who' want ta put on airs pay us-the Government-for doing it. Great Cresar's ghost why have we not. thought of this before ? Why have we been lying dreaming while great intellects have been .working out these problems, which, being" sprung upon: the world in so unsus pected a m^nn^&tre; enpugh make^ rumour eygs,: and.putually*slc 'tfSjTiiy ha^e". we^slumbered ?.-let. us catch the',first, free train]" : *'-<? ? \ # Glorious dispensation; ! . Free ! free ! ! free * !! One continual picnic I one un varying round of train riding'! one gloiious whirl by day and night on pleasure's wings. No thoughts of home then 1 all houses to letl nothing but the cosy cushions of the train for ever! And yet, even in this shrieking', roaring, whirl of delight there would be some .'line of demarcaMonj ;some method'.of separating the wolf ; from the lamb. There are thousands . of people who would like a. carriage for themselves. They've 'got stuff, -let- them pay ^ for : tlio privilege-let' them'have a" ticket " engaged " fixed on the window, but make them, force them, to pay for the lionot and glory of the thing; they can then gaze out with eye glassed superciliousness upon the struggling, gasping > throng who's ride is free, with hearts filled jvith pride and bosoms aglow with ^satisfactiou. , In fact the fr^e*ido millenium may be expected to come along within tlio next few days, <:.J. ? * ' ?. ' # ;«|Bliii£wait awhile; . there is more to follow; flf&3 are1 other considerations to be borno in !mirid^;our editor has them at his finger ends: ' Would that depopulate the soaboarcl cil.ies ? not much. All our)people1 would want to;go and see Sydney, and; sail; on Sydney Harbour, and look at the rolling waves of the sea, and Sydney' would share in the universal'prosperity which free travelling would bring. Working men could live in the country andlabour in'the city : life would bo butler for all, and the prime cause for the existence of cramped . city : dwellings aud city. slumB would disappear. What a matter' for congratulation this would bo, Auntie Sarah in the = country could go and see grand-ma in town, uncle Sam could'leave .his fishing- tackle^aiid the great. rolling t. drowned-cat liarbo^-^M go and spear eels in the muddy creeks'* in the the country-that is, if, once aboard, they even left the trains at all. Slums would disappear. Yes of course they would. There would be no use for slums then-a good-sized, liigh-Btenched slum would only bo l6oked upon as a medium exhibit then. Thore might be train slums, but the ordinary mediocre variety of metropolitan slum would go away and ;hide its diminished head for ever. -Working, men wouldn't go andiivo in the" country though I-^I can't agree with the writer there, i; There couldn't; be ,auy such a phenomenon as a working man then, ho, like slums, would; become a thing of the past-in fact' lie would always be in his best clothes riding;about in the train. # # . # But there are a few good suggestions that will do with a deal of airing yet, for instance: Now that'the new Government has brought in a Protection Bill is the vory timo for them to1 bring in a freo railway bill. At present we are pro tecting ourselves against ourselves: let us be Freetraders at home, whatever we are abroad;' This has never struck me in itB infinity of wisdom. before. Yes lot us by all means have ! a' Free Railway Bill got through at once. The man who proposed such a thing in the House would'liave the thanks {of not only the,- great unwashed, but. also those paid--paid well-for, the luxurious: liappi ness of gaziug out of theiv engaged com partments on the slumites and ordinaryites struggling for seats on the great freo train ; and the Government who opposed such a measure would have their days numbered as sure as eggs are eggs. This brings us face to face with another consideration : in the samo way that the bolltopper would, have preference to the " hard-hitter'!,' in the fact that he could pay for an " engaged " compartment, so the free riding hard-hitter would be sure to look down upon the, ; slumite " slouch " or the Chinese vendor of questionable cabbages. The question arises who are to occupy tlio first-class compart- ' ments ; arid to whom are the second-class to be! relegated ? We should at once say the "hard-hitter" faotion, bufchyo are at orice floored by the faot that onf'and all even the Chinaman-contribute towards the ; revenue; in fact the representatives from J Hong Kong are part and parcel of us-the ? Government, and if they demand: equal : right of accommodation with the most' opulent fretj-ridcr it must in'all fairness and' 'equity bp^^feded-to them. ; > v- vrf \ ? . # Of course'there are men who woitld.be, : so childishly ignorant as to enquire hoW:free, railways could possibly be made to pay.. Why bless your innocent hearts this is a mere side issue to this pungent Teasoner. ; He avers without hesitation that the car-; ; riage of freight incidental to such a uni versal system of evolution from town tq country, and from tho country back to the ! metropolis, would cause such an income to flow into the hands of the department from this source that would entirely recompense us-the Government for the wear and tear and wages due, or account of the increased passenger traffic. But thero are some persons who would be dunderheaded enough j to enquire, " How on earth ;could people ; pay heavy freight rates, who are too poor to pay for second-class railway accommodation ? Such sceptics are not worthy of tho. natno of men. But I am afraid if I continue further my readers will lose their patience. I claim though to have made a great discovery; I have touud the champion lunatic of the Southern Hemisphere. If there are "others who can bring forward a person more fitted for this distinction, let them do so at once-hut I doubt their ability to do so, 