The Commonwealth Constitution Bill. This week tlie Premier opened the Parliamentary discussion on the results of the Federal Convention's labours at Sydney by asking the As sembly by resolution to " approve gene rally " of the draft of the Commonwealth Gonstitntion Bill. Mr. Munro was full of his subject, and evidently earnest in his advocacy. He was clear, explana tory, and forcible; and if he did not touch upon new ground or throw flashes of - illuminatory thought into obscure corners of the great federal question, no one need he surprised. Australia's politicians and journalists have been discussing federation for the last twelve months, and the Sydney Convention thoroughly traversed all debatable ground before it finally adopted the Commonwealth Constitution. Among the most markedjeatures of Mr. Munro 's address were the personal modesty with which he referred to his own share in the federal work, and the ungrudging honour which he paid to the leaders of the Opposition, to whom belong the honour of initiating a work which Mr. Munro himself may have the glory of com pleting. so far as the verdict of Victoria goes. Furthermore, the Premier, while, strongly insistent that the federation ques tion should be considered as a thing ut terly apart from party politics or feelings, makes it abundantly clear that he takes this ground through no shrinking from responsibility, no fear lest federation should prove unpopular. He would gladly stand or fall by the Bill; but," unlike Sir Henry Parkes, he disdains to attempt the bolstering up of his Ministry by the aid of a national measure, to which it can legitimately claim no presumptive rights. It is already evident that though the Commonwealth Constitution Bill will find not a , few candid- critics in our Assembly, yet even these critics are friends to federation, and anxious only that its machinery should be in good working order before "it is actually started. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen is ap parently the only enemy which the Bill has in the House, and his enmity is rather ludicrous than formidable. The worthy baronet brought & sputtering.fire of objections to bear upon the federal j question in his fatuous amendment to the address in reply last week/ On Tuesday, undismayed by ieuominious Vir ' V j . - 'failure, he made another attack, this time on technical grounds. The mare's, nest which he had discovered wasr that the consideration of the Commonwealth Constitution Bill was a violation of the "standing orders" of the House, a breach of its privileges, and ultra vires. The Attorney- General briefly but# emphatically blighted Sir Bryan's technical objections in a few sentences of terse and incisive common sense, the Speaker ruled against the baronet, and the debate was permitted to proceed without further futile interrup tion. The Assembly, as we have before said, is decidedly friendly to the Bill, but even its strongest advocates do not pre tend that it is perfection. It is, however, Undoubtedly what they claim for it — the most judicious, sagacious, and clearly thought-out measure of compromise that could with any chance of acceptance be submitted to the Australian colonies for ratification. To Victorians generally the fiscal question under a Federal Government seems to be the most important practical matter involved. The colonies will have to go into federation prepared to accept the verdict of united Australia on the question of Free Trade versus Protection ; but there is not the slightest danger of the former gaining the day — the results of the general elections in New South Wales show clearly that there is not the ghost of a chance for a free- trade majority in Australia's House of Representatives. Another point upon which democratic but rather fearful members have dwelt, is the possibility of Conservatives being returned, to the " Australian House of Commons," because the electorates (of 30,000 voters each) will be too largo for any poor man to contest. The reply to this is that, if manhood suffrage has any force or meaning whatever, it will secure the return of members who are truly representatives of the people ; besides, the Victorian Assembly is demo cratic enough in its personnel to satisfy even a Red Republican ; and in its hands will rest the means and methods of elec tion to be adopted in regard to the Federal Chamber. Then again there are objeetors to the powers of the Senate, who fear lest it should prove Conserva tive and pragmatical. It would, indeed, be strange if this were so, since its members will be elected by the colonial Parliaments themselves— appointed by provincial legislators who hold their seats under universal suffrage. A democratic Assembly is not in the most remote degree likely to appoint Conservative senators ; and if the people ever elect a Conservative Assembly, it will be because Conservatism has become converted to democratic principles. The objections taken to the Bill, so far, only go to show how carefully the federal scheme was thought out before the draft was adopted by the convention. There can be no doubt about the Victorian Par liament passing with practical unanimity Mr. Munro' s three resolutions (1) that the House generally approves the draft Bill, (2) that it consider the measure in detail in committee; and (3) that the measure as it emerges from committee be submitted specifically and alone to the electors at the next general elections. Victoria will not shelve the federal question ; Queensland and South Australia have it at the head of their Ministerial programmes; but of New South Wales we know not what to think, now that Sir Hf.nry Parkes is on the point of ejection from office, and no man able to replace him is to be seen. But though the general elections have proved adverse to the Parkes Ministry, they nave not been against federation, for while the Ministerialists are federa- tionists to a man, half the Opposition and half the Labour party agree with them on that point. All that federation now needs in New South "Wales is a leader to fill Sir Henry Parkes s place, or a political re- arrangement which, would enable liim to take the helm onco more. We wait for developments. 