ChAPTEE XVI.—"WlTCnCRAIT. .'/.tire you fond of Llewellyn, Missy?" queried "Winnie. «' . "Very fond." "Ah, I'm glad of that.! I'm so fond of him myself, . rd hare been sorry if you hadn't cared for him! Daisy loves him, and so do Freddy and Lizzie and the other children." 44 Because he is a good, good man." 44 But God will not take him from us, will he?" ' • 44 I hope not, ray child." * 44 Freddy says God takes all good people to Heaven, cud that's why He's going to take his father." ' ' "Ah, X hope he will not take him yet." 44 Nay, but, Missy, he suffers so much." 44-True,Sie suffers." "Please, what's the meaning of a glove?" "A glove, chdd?" 44 Yes, what does one mean when one gives somebody a glove?" . " * 44 The knights' used' to throw down their gloves toshowthey meant to fight someone?" " Oh,- yes, I've known that a long time. But between women?" . 441 think I do not understand your question, Winnie." •'•••• 44 Well, I didn't understand what I saw my self, Missy." "What did you see ?" * 441, saw Kathleen standing on the bridge where Daisy has that bird's, nest in the old willow, you: know, Missy. There are little birdsinit. But th>g are not at all pretty." 44 Little birds never are." ' 44Oh yes, chickens are; chickens are very pretty as s6on,<as ever they creep out of their eggs. Do you remember, Missy, now that one ran about with the shell on its back?" • \- 44 Yes, I remember. And what was Kath leen doing on the bridge ?" "Nothing. She never does anything, you know." 44 Is it nice and kind of you to say that ?" "No; but it's true." A "Do you know why she does notocoupy herself?" . • "No." - ■ 4 4 Have you aakod her whether "alio feels sad?" ••...*■ ' 44 Of course she feels sad.'* 44 Why so?" 44 Because Tom doesn't care for her any more, and doesn't want to'marry her." 44 How do you knowlhat ?" 441 asked him, aud Ko said, 41 wouldn't take lior on any account; we're both as poor as rats.'" 44 And you repeated that to Kathleen?" 44 Oh, she had been sad - before. 'She was always crying." V 44 So" she was crying as she stood on that bridge?" . . : 44No, not just then. Asslio stood there, Temorah came up to her. You know Temorah ?'' "I do, very well." 44 Temorah took a glove from her pocket and showed it to Kathleen, and Kathleen turned i very pale. I saw her." . 14 Perhaps it was only your fancy." "I'm not like Tom; I'm liko my father. Tom had another father. He isn't my brother really." ; ' "Nay, child, you have one mother." "Hum!" muttered the child, curving her lips. .v . * . 44 And the glovo?" . 4 4 Temorah said to her,.' I wish to return ' your .'property,-and to thank you for adorning | my mother's grave.' You should have eeen Kathleen's face, Missy; it was quite, quite •white." "You see, my child, that .we two cannot understand what those girls said to each other." "Ah, hut listen!" " Is there more to hear ?" " Do you think it nice to throw things in people's faces? " " No, child; who would be so rude! " "Kathleen was. She threw that glove in Temorah's face. And then Teraorah took hold of her wrist till she screamed and writhed with pain. Temorah had turned white too, and gnashed her. teeth,' and said: t If you ever expose me to public shame again, as you did that day, I'll kill you!' . And Kathleen writhed and moaned, 1 I've done you np harm 2 You've robbed me o£ everything, everything, everything! * And Temorah said: * Take it back; I don't want it any more I' and laughed aloud; but so .strangely, Missy. Ha, ha, ha, ha! Her eyes didn't laugh, nor did her lips; and Kathleen was frightened. For Temorah's eyes flashed, and Temorah is 60 big and strong.' They hate each other, those two." " "What can a little child like you know about hating I" "Why, Tom hates my father, and Temorah hates Kathleen, and my mother hates Owen—" "Hush, child! You must never use that horrible word again. Did you ever hear it with us?" "No. But that's different." "Why?" . "At a clergyman's house!" " I fancy all humau creatures should live at peace with one another." "Missy! We never said a word when Tom burnt our doll, though we might have got him into trouble by telling papa; hut mnTnTnft is fond of Tom." " Well, that was good of you." Missy was glad to drop the delicate subject with a hasty word of commendation, and to send the children out to the meadow to play. She mused long and deeply on what she had heard, hut breathed no word of it to anyone. She thought it might prove a means by-and bye of curing Gladys. For she guessed atone* that Tom was at the bottom of tbe quarrd,. and only felt relieved that his name had hot been mentioned in the child's hearing. After the soene witnessed by Winnie, Kathleen had left the bridge and turned into a forest-track wbich led her by a green, coppcrish Lake to "Dlla the witch's dwelling. She repeatedly lost her way, for she hardly knew the right direction, and her hot eyes were dim. She wanted to revenge herself—and to ruin Temorah. Of late, Tom's coldness towards herself had increased. He passed most of his time at home now, or at Martyn's. His mother had lain on her knees before him, and once more stirred his better in stincts, so that he tried to work. As to Martyn, Tom ooly visited him in the hope that he would influenoo Gwynne in his favour, when he should attempt to win Gladys. And Martyn bore his presence like an invalid's. He pitied the un happy mother profoundly, and had told Tom that he might shorten or prolong her days as he listed. But^vhen one endeavours to soften a had man's heart, one does not consider that he will employ one's well-meant words in an evil way and use them as tools to do new harm with. Kathleen began to feel uneasy as the sunset and the shades of night sank down upon the valleys, where lines of lightly rising vapour marked the course of the river. But she would not turn back after coming so far, and was also afraid of losing her way altogether in the forest wilderness. Presently a faint glimmer of light apprised her that she had reached the witch's cavern, and she entered it with timid, noiseless steps. She saw nothing at first hut a small fire and something dark crouching ou the ground. But by-and-by she distinguished the shadowy form of a woman and a terrible face illumined by a bluisb, flickering flame. She would have*fled then, had not a deep, melodious voice addressed her. "Whither wilt thou fly so fast, maiden, when thy heart has led thee hither; thy poor frightened little heart, which flutters in thy breast like a bird ?" "They say, mother, thou canst read and dis close the present and the future." "Ay, my child, at times, a little, when the/ Great Spirit is willing that I should." Some times he will not reveal his secrets to me. But, who knows how much he may do for the sake of beauty such as thine!" "I am not beautiful; I am no blessing to others, and a burden to myself. I wish you would tell me that I shall die very soon." "Die, because thy lover has turned from thee? Die, because thy heart is not satisfied? Die, while the sua sniues, while thou art young as day, fair as sin, charming as a doe, with eyes liko deep lakes and lashes like clustering heather?" "Of what use is it all to me, mother, when I am so unhappy ? " "Has thy young falcon soared so far from thee!?" " He never looks at me now." . " Have others snared! him ? " ' ".How do'you know~that, mother? " , ^ I. know everything under the sun and the moon, everything that stirs.iu the human brain. I also know that thou wouldst be avenged. . ".I? Aveuged? I would indeed!'" " But vengeance is no"easy shaft*to wield; •' it often rebounds, wounding him that threw it, and I would not see so sweet a maiden hurt. Thou art beautiful, maiden: "Why did he for sake thee?". " i do not know; I only saw them together; I heard her say, i Come ! come to my cottage I'. and the pain all but killed me." "•Was she, who thus ^robbed thee, wife or maid?" "A maiden, fair and beautiful; ah, so beautiful, so tall—much lovelier than I am !" "Thou shooldst immediately have taken earth from a spot where two dogs had fought and threw it on her footmarks; then he would not have given her another thought." "And he is not ashamed of his untruth. He . tells me she is more beautiful than I." "How cruel! And thou thirsteet for revenge* my beautiful child?" "Yes, but Xfearit too." "Well, we will choose such a mode of revenge as shall destroy thy rival and bring Iiim back to thee. Ho shall love thee so pas sionately, so passionately, that he shall tremble when he but beholds tlioe; that thou shall have tin tli}'power to torment andmaddenand play with him. Wall that delight thee?" "It would, indeed. Then I should be re venged on him as well." "He shall rush after thee like a mountain torrent, crouch"before thee like a serpent, hover round thee ffke-an eagle, and then shnlt laugh , nt his torture." " Yes, mother, yes!—help me to this!" " Ishe young and handsome ?" » "Very, handsome, very . young, -and very wild." - . "Hashe father and mother?" . "Yes and no; his father is dead,, if you must know that." ... " Ay, ay, I know; ho has a* stepfather, has not he?"" "How do you "know?" " I know everything, my child. And so thon ' givo me time, I will tell thee the initial of thy rival's name. L* it not a T?" "Yes, it is a T." " Thou seest that naught is concealed from me." "How do yon come to know so much ?" | " I know no mure. Iknow that she has a chna." " ' ' - . " A child!—his child!—his child I • Ah, now I understand what has estranged him. from me!" "Nay, thai is no reason, sweet innocent." " If she has a child!" "Nay, my "beauty, ho can come back to thee all the same, especially if the child cease to j be." ^ . 5 ' "How shall it cease to be F* "I have raised the ghost of the dead mother, the mother of the girl T., youkaow, T." . . ''Yes, yes, I know; did she come from j hell?" "Shedid, child, straight from hell; and she wailed: 'Hychild! my chSd!'" "She wailed?" Kathleen trembled from ! head to foot; the witch stole a lingering glance at her. . . | "AndT asked: '"What shall become of thy j child?'—'Rood-grass and-weeds."—'And of thy child's child ?'—' Ashes, ashes!*—So spake the mother of the girl T., and wailed bitterly. If thou wouldst hear her to-iughfc, I'll call her into the rashes here, and thou canst question her thyself." " No, no, for Heaven's sake do not call her, donot'call her! I should die for terror!" \- "Nay, what cause hast thou to fear the . mother?" " I—I—have cut—havecut his'name into her cross—to punish her daughter " "And name begins with T?*r "How do you know?" " The dead woman told me. She felt it all. Each cut of thine was a cut into her heart, and . her daughter has had no peace from that day." " How can you knowTr "I went to see her, child." " The daughter ?" "Yes. Hj mirror had shown me that she was in distress, and I wait to offer her aid. Rut she would not acoept it." "She would not? Why not?" "She thought to bind him whose name begins with T the more closely to herself." "I see." " She shall Had herself mistaken. He fih.tjy hate and discard her. Hast thou never gone to look upon his child ?" "Never." "No? That surprises me." "Why?" one gag stretched. herself to her full bright and laid her bony hand upon Kathleen's heart. "Hoes the thought, his child Inot qoirerand burafn there? If ever thou seest that child, thou wilt long to scorch it with thy glances, to kiss it dead. Doest thou not fed that, sweet one, in thy pas sionate, burning heart?" Kathleen's cheeks were hot. Tftla did not iakehee eyes off her for a angle moment. " Ho not speak like that. I shall go mad," murmured the young girL "I see a great passion within thee. Thou art a noble creature, and thy Hood courses through thy veins like new wine. 'Twos cruel to tonnent thee thus. He knew not what he did, what the woman was with whom he trifled, what burning thoughts were raging behind her fair young brow. He meant to tease thee like a kitten, and did not see the tiger in thy nature, the vengeful crouching tiger that would leap upon and destroy him." "I would not destroy him. Ihavo saved " him many a time." "And this is his gratitude. Shall I curse him ?" "Oh, no, no, no!—do not! Curse but the other woman, and the child, and whatever lie loves besides me!' * {To he CcrMnued.) In the last 10 years the railroad system in Mexico has increased from 300 to 6,000 miles, and fully 4,000 additional miles are contracted for. •' The meed of merit for promoting personal comeliness, is due to J. G. Ayer & Co., whose Hair Vigor is f universal beautifier of the hair. Harmless, effective, and agreeable, it ranks among the in dispensable toilet articles.—[AdytJ Great thoughts are, for the most part, the offspring of grains, because it is the privilege and glory of genius to appropriate to itself whaler® is noble and true. The region of thought is thus made a common ground for all,, and one master mind becomes a reservoir for the present and future times. Dissolve 2 ounces of kitchen salt in a pint of water. "When a fresh-laid egg is placed in this solution it will descend to the bottom of the vessel, while one that has been laid the day previous will not quite reach ^the bottom. If the egg be three days old it will swim in the liquid, and if it is more than three days old it will float on the surface and project above the latter more and more in proportion as it is older. 