I"' 0&, THE LITTLE WHITE HAND. By Mrs. MARY A. DOISON. CHAPTER IX, DBITOtf BEYOND HTSISEU. Behold the two snugly esconsedin a va cant corner of the great saloon. Hero and there are other couples of groups; hot long stretches of bright crimson sofa intervene, for most of the ladies have taken to their state-rooms. Many of them trill not be visible during the voyage. The lamps swing back and forth enggeetively. There is a sub dued murmer of conversation; the sound of slapping cards on the long tables; the rattle of dice; the long, monotonous slough of the sea-wind outside; the steady dash of rain and salt spray against the windows; now and then fi harsh or a musical laugh, as the Inck is for or against the player. " How snug this ia for a tete-a-tete," said Donniston, pushing his carls back with both hands and leaning lazily with his elbows on the table. " And how black it is outside— ogh 1 Do yon ever dread trouble on the water, , Miss Laura?" " No. Why should I? It is too fatiguing —4a$KM' iwrnfolHcome-ota race of''soldiers We l'olesarejtiot a timid people,though for the the .time conquered. There is only one to be deplored—in my own case I ought to have been a man." " Oh, no, Miss Laura, don't aay that!" he smile. You had better be a woman andoon quer men. "Well, 1 wait for your Iorshlp to go on." She said, laughing. He stsrted at sound of the title. " Have you heard It?" he queried, lifting his head. "Have I heard it? What ?" " This 1" He took the paper from his pocket, and pointed to the paragraph. " Bead it," he said, quietly. She did read it, and very quietly. Her color deepened, then vanished. She looked an rather coldly, and said: " I congratulate you, Lord Dunniston." but pray don't be so very civil Or I shall think 1 have lost by my title." - *' I cannot help It," sho said, qnietly « At this moment 1 fed leagues from you. You are my lord," she added, with a Stately bow. " Oh, come, now, that's nonsense. 'To foe sure I'm a lord, but it's an empty title after cu. ^ Yon must havo read the whole notice. An impecunious lord is worse off than an im poverished private gentleman." "I am so sorry you missed the rich bride," • she said, smshng a litile.tbongfa her blue srav eyes really had tears in thtui. do you mean ?" he asked, Inking " for that unfortunate letter Isolene" would have come; and any one can tell what the sequel would have been. Ah, Isolenecan queen it right royally. And then she is so beautiful. " There are others quite as beautiful." he i said, coolly. • thet money—the money 1 Ah, how " we all love it! I don't disguise the fact from ; myself. You have learned to know how out- ' spoken I am. My poor little fortune of five hundred a year Beems at time so coutemp .,: Not but that 1 have learned to live ! Within it." ■ "Fivehundred a year!" he said to him 1 never thought she had half teat. ,, JFjr ejes.eo CQoL_flcA deen, and bright, - rive 8 color, made her seem very attrao " I shall have to to live in a corner of my castle and cat mush for breakfast, cooked by my solitary domestic, who must also be my Valet. The rest of the house must be shut up to dust and cobwebs." "Is It very nice?" asked Miss Laura, her Blue gray eyes from their depths ;of farfing growing more and more dangeronB. " ^bat depends npon what ' nice' means. , e house itself is rather a grand one ; it is Of gray stone. Yen drive through an old gate-way, one of the finest things, into a "Oft. The house is extensively terraced sits bigh,_ and_ presents an imposing front, ion may imagine any number of fine mnlli onea windows, long and narrow—also all sorts of ancient statuary that surmounts the roof and arches. Tncre are too, plenty of ohimneyB of the picturesque order, doors, arches, buttresses and oriel and other win dows. I can tell you it's a fair sight lighted ,IiJ fig'st—but I shall never he able to bght it—it would coat all J am worth to famish candlesI Think of that J" and he laughed harshly, . "It must be grand indeed—even without Che candles,' said Miss Laura,drawing a lone Breath. " And new the inside, please." "Oh, that's p.Ii very fair. I dot'; think I've Been anything like it in America, though Americans furnish well. Bus there's a sort ot antique splendor about our ureat drawing '-key "remind me a Little of hotel parlors. But we're proud of fahn?nn0UreS" Dcni^tr)« CSV,5 almost I?ncs? or Piatute8i is was his weak ness, Uy the way, if they fgo with the boose, I migfat live off them for a lev yeare.*1 ..■■ "What do yon mean?" she asked can- ■ ously. " I can sell one picture at a time, and live on the proceeds till they are all gone." " Yon mil live j ast like all the men .extrava gantly; whether you have much or little; that's what youwfll do." " Well, how am I to help it ! Do you think I would bring a wile into' such diffi culty?" •' Not unless she oodlcl economize for ' you," .vv. " True ; and if she cooldn't, why I ooald starve her put, you know, in time." " Horrible 1" .'weight oozUy together in Bome conveniens spot, «uu y—j r the roses, you know; but what of our wretched tastes? How could we exist with out society?" \Oh, delightfully 1" cried Miss Lrura. " Isn't all society hollow and empty- hearted ? Haven't you found that out? Sow to liveitT* Arcadian peace and eimplieity-- 4ot|s^t6 Stone for all bur sins ansLJ^TZ the ruissrableexfi^^^" wouldn t be BQ bad^^^ K !: , r Jibatone! No, by heaven3. I never bought of that!" he.muttered, with an al tered countenance. " Miss Lrura, could 1 _t it, do you thick? ^—wickedman." to "V '•I won3erjgjy^n^b-o* . thaty^mgt!^ « of"66?"*6 *Pma not listeuinp " ' otweEtlL mea tor." fe' tbflt cannot be 'Ob. no; don't utter bitter things against yourself. Whatever you said, I should not believe you—whatever you had done./ should forgive you." She had no thought of the wonderful ten dencies her voice expressed, jU3t then. Smitten with a sudden remorse, as he was, and a sudden longing to set himself right, it also occurred to him as suddenly,what injury he might have done to thie girl, so gentle and beautiful in appearance, eo apparently un conscious of what eyes and even lips con fessed. Driven beyond himself by some power without or within, thrilled by by the sweet magnetism of eyes and lips, he laid bnehand on hers, so soft and white, but as suddenly withdrew it kritti a look of horror. Would ho nererloae sight of that little white hand, outstretched beyond the bed curtains, so shadowy, eo like the white Sokes of early winter enow f In a moment, however, be re covered himself. , "Miss Libra," he said, iaspul-ively, uador the influence of the magic of li_r eyes. I am a penniless man, and a lonely one. 1 have been picturing only what is top likely to come to pass, a solitary life in cne corner of my ancestral home. Will you go with me and keep the ghosts off? Lily Lmrs," he murmured—'■ it has a pretty sound, i as it not ? And—but no; it would be a sin to mew up that eweet, fresh face among old galleries; and the only vehicle 1 shall be able to keep will be a velocipede. There's cue there now, in the stables, if it hasn't got too shabby for use. Ah, now, you arc laughing at me." " Indeed I'm not, Lord Dunnistoc it seemed as if she had been practicing on the title; it fell so glibly fromht-r lips; "'but the picture of the velocipede was too much 1 And now, in sober earnest, willir.gly wonld I go with you but for the thought of—Iso lene." "Oh, hang Isolene l" beeaid, almost with anger, as he rose, and steadied himself fay tba " But if she had come?" " Very well, if she had come I'll not deny but things might ! have turned out differ ently ; but as she has chosen not to trust me"—his face darkened—"and as I am forced to believe you would have trusted me " She caught at the hand nearest to her; a look of intense love came into her face. "Oh, indeed, indeed I would!" she ex claimed, her gray-blue eyes luminous. * Good heavens, Mr. Danaiston, are they looking this way J" They were looking that way, every variety of expression depicted upon the half-dozen faces coolly scrutinizing them. Miss Laura's lace grew tosrlai, and she withdrew her hand quickly, fie turned round defiantly. . " Toil have only to tell them that you have, accepted Lard Danniston," be said, quietly, seeing that withdrawal now had become im possible ; "will that do?' "Lord Danniston, arc you-sure#" she murmured, falteiingly. " Am I sure of what?" " That you ore in earnest 1 That you will not repent?" " That 1 am in earnest, yes; that I will not repent—unless you yourself force me to." A long, lingering look of love, and Dannis ton felt compensated. " To atone," he muttered, as ebe reluct antly left him—"to atone; God knows whether there is a chance for me, but I will try." Then he shivered, and, moodily enough, for a man just engaged, left the saloon. 