Helen Benton’s Story, j When I took passage on tho Castle Clifford for Australia 1 weal, like the faoye in the story books, to secs my fortune. It was a oomiaal thing for u girl to do, bnt I was alone in the world, and the pros pect of being a governess, or a companion to a lady, wliioii w£s all I could be in England, made me desperate. There in the New World, I said to myself, I could sot to work to make my fortune. I "jould, perhaps, with what money I had, .buy a little land and cultivate it—I had a talent for that eort of thing, I believed, and, with the help of a few laborers, I could have si model farm, a beautiful dairy, raise fruit, i and live amongst the green things growing to the end of my days. Oddly enough, tho thought that I might marry never entered my mind. At twenty-five I considered myself “set tled,” and expected to be a spinster. Of course on shipboard one always makes acquaintance with some of the other pas sengers, and the captain, seeing mo alone, introduced me to a good many. T horewas one gentleman, an Australian, Mr. Chester, whom I liked very much. lie was a man of forty, well-dressed, and handsome. Somehow he got me to talking of my plans, which ho thought very sensible, indeed, and told mo bis own story. He had been a poor boy, whose widowed mother found it hard to earn bread for her family. Now he wae a manufacturer, whose j name was known throughout Victoria. He was a little proud of hie success, and it seemed to me he had reason to he If I desired to livo in his part of the ! country, he told me he could give me a great deal of valuable information, and save me money and troublo. It was very pleasant to have some or:e with whom to talk my ideas over, and ■ who saw nothing odd in a woman striking J out for herself, as an Englishman would j have done. i Ob, those plans! How little I thought I j should never attompt to realize them. j After the days of senshine, clear night ! skies, and a brilliant moon, came a heavy i fog. One evening we were wrapped in it, and it seemed as thick and palpable as though it had been wet wool; nota pasBengerremained on deck. In the saloon we were all rather j dull, and I heard one or two men say that we j were going at too great a speed for such j weather, when another steamer coaid not be seen until it was upon ns. But I think none of ua felt any terror until suddenly there was a crash that Eounoed as though the end of tho world had come. The shrieking of whistles, and roaring and sucking soDDd, and the screamB of many voices. That which had been propbccied had happened: and I can tell yon nothing more about it save that, shortly, I found myself in a boat with many others, that Mr. 1 Chester had helped me to escape from the j sinking steamer, and that he was still beside Wo were upon the ocean in that boat for fivo or six hours, and eventually were oust upon some bit of land, of which we knew no- : thing. When the fog lifted and we could see j about ub. we counted cur number. There were five^f us still living—the rest had been ] lost—Mr. Chester, an old sailor called Jim ] Pell, a clergyman of the Church of England, | en elderly woman who was going to Ans-j tralia to join her son, and myself. | We were all wet to the skin, hungry, and horrified at the prospect before us; bnt the clergyman had suffered most sadly. His | wife and child who had been in the boat with I us, had been drowned. In the darkness I which prevailed, when we were eastnpon the land, hs had felt tho waves tear them from him. Ha had beenseverely injured ana was unable to stand ; but when we hau helped him as well as wo could to a sheltered spot j under a tree, he bade ub forget him and do I what we couid for ourselves, Mr. Chester and tho sailor went up the j rocks and explored the place. They returned j with tidings of comfort. There was a spring of fresh water on the island, and any quantity of berries which the sailor pronounced healthful. There were shell-fish in abundance. i Tha island was small, but we ebould not begin to starve at once, and no doubt would bo rescued very Bpeedily. I Hope lives eternal in the human heart, j and strangely enough, though all my earthly possessions had boon Ewallowed by tho sea, I did not despair. The hot snr, soon dried our garments, ana wo were all well and otrong enough to bear n good deal, with tho exception of .the Rev. Mr. Archer. About sunset, Mr. Chester took me by the arm and led me to a portion of the beach vehich was smooth and sparkling as if the sands were powdered silver. “ \\\e are in a curious position, Helen Benton,” he said. “How little we expected to have'anything of this sort in our lives. This is the end of your hope3, 1 am afraid. Tou can’t buy that land now. my dear—you cannot ha a lady farmer. You will have to change your plans, and I want to suggest something—in fact, I brought you here for that purpose.” “Ilisten." saidI. <• Well, Helen,” he said, “ I can put it into a very fow words. Marry mo. I’ve always had that idea for the future, always, since tho first day wo mat ; for I fell in love with you on sight ; bnt circumstances alter cases. If you can- like mo, let us take timo by the forelock. Mr. Archer will not live lODg. If you will allow me, I will ask him to marry ua at onee. Ae yet, we have two witnesses _Heaven knows what may happen. What do you say, Helen ?" I thought a moment, and then said : “I liko you. Do what you think right and beBt." And so it came about that we all gathered about the poor bed of grass and leaveBwhioh we had gathered for Mr. Archer to lie upon, and that he married mo to Mr. Chester, re peating tho service from memory. It was a strange and solemn wedding. Afterwards, my husband and tho sailor went to the edge of the water to light fires made of the drift wood that lay upon the recks, in order that any passing vessel might know of our distress, and tho old widow and myself sat beside Mr, Archer. In the dawn he closed his eyeH, happier to die, Eince it wae God’B will, than to live bereft of those be loved. Two days after this we were taken from tho island by a boat sent to ua by a Nor wegian echoouer bound for Melbourne, where we arrived safely. The widow went to her son’s house, the sailor to his friends, whoever they were. My husband, after providing me with some necessary garments, took me to his It was a onrioos place—a handsome house surrounded by gardens and a farm, set upon the top of a hill which had been leveled for the purpose. Below in the valley stood the factory of which Mr. Chester was master. Thither ho went daily, busy in the labor atory for many honra at a timo, handling dangerous chemicals—doing work which must be done by his own hands and no 0tNot an acoident had ever occurred in the place—the master Eaw too ' well to every thing. While at work he always wore a white woollen suit and a white cap with a vizor, loaving his nsual garments in a ward robe outaide tho laboratory. In the evening we were at home together. Our life was very quiet, for their were literally no neighbors; our most frequent visitors were Mr. Chester’s brothers and Bisters. From tbs. first 1 felt that none of them liked me, nor were they people that I could like. They had not taken pains to improve and enlighten themselves as their brother had _they were narrow-minded and illiberal,liv ing principally on his generosity—they, in my opinion, imposed npon him. They were, however, his kins-people, and I had too moch respect for myself and him to express my views. When they came I feasted them, I played and sang to entertain them, 1 took pains to be civil, knowing all the while that they were not my friends, bnt feeling safe in the knowledge of my husband's otter loye ‘andconfidane. ■ . .. Sc we lived iv'gother five happy yeata. Two {“tla girls wwe horn to us, aud no aflsurod ad I benorno of my husband's caution that I no longer felt any anxiety, as to hia work in the laboratory. From this cnlin seourity and bappincaa I woo awakened by a eudden I had boen to tho neareat great oity to do some shopping, taking my childron with me, and returned homo at sunaot. Ab I alighted at tho depot, two men whoso faoes X know approached mo. “Tho carriage is waiting for you, madam,” one Baid, “ but do not gel into it yet, Thoro iB nows for you.” “ Bad news, madam,” said tho otlie* “ Very bad news," continued the ono who had first spoken, “ Tho only very bad nows that I can hear is that something has happened to my hus band !” I gasped. Tho man bowed gravely—the other buret into tears. . . “Tell me the worst, while I can listen to you !” said I. “ Thera has been an explosion in tho lab oratory,” eaid the calmer man. * “Not killcdl not killed!” I shrieked. Wounded, bat not killed !” “ They oniy knew him by the dress ho always wears,” said the older man. “ X know what you aro bearing; I’ve bean through tho same thing—think of the children—yours— But I thought no longer of anything. My senses ne.’Orleu me, and they took me to my desolate home isuconecioue. There! opened my eyes upon the fsoes of my sister-in-law I and her two brothers—they horrified me. In j their ezpression 1 read no real grief—only an j afioctaiion of it. Tney had descended on I the place like harpies, hoping to. profit by I their brother's death. ' j They began their attack at once. On the j morning hetoro the fuhsral,. the ,elder ol the I men, William, camo to me as my servant was clothing mein my black garments, and without waiting to dismiss the girl, etood before mo, his fingtra interlaced anti his thumbs pressed together io a fashion all his own, anti inquired : “ Well, now, what are yon going to do?” To do ?” said I. “ f da not know what you mean.” "You've got to go somowheie, you know," said my brother-in-law, " you might as well ] i think of it.” ' | i “Their, is no time to talk to me,” said I. ! “ f hopo I shall go into my grave. IIow can J l live without my husband 1 Oh, Charles, i my darling! Charles,my darling 1" i | “Anyhow,” eaid William, “you C3u’t ! cstne down stairs, the men folks will be j enough. Sister ADn will stay wish yon, not | to be too pointed—but considering yon can't i appear. | “ I will make an effort,” said I, thinking j that alter all he had only expressed eonsid | eration for my health in an awkward man | “ Wo can’t disgrace the family at such a [ time,"said William. “We’ve always been i respectable. The kind nf relation there ha3 j been between you and him were his affair while ho lived, now they're ours.” j “ Wha: do yon mean?” I gasped, i “ Tbst we don’t think that yon osn prove I that you were ever his wile,” said William. Thu servant stared at him in astonish “ Not his wife !” I gasped. Then the rememberaneo of our matriage on the desert island, by a ciergjman who died that very night, in the presence of witnesses who had vanished from my ken, occurred to me. I never dreamed my wife-hoed could he doubted; but 1 had no proof, no proof what Ann entered shortly, locking the coor be hind her. I was forbidden to c-ffer the last token of respects to the man I loved so My children esme io me. Cast upon my pillow X hdd them to my bosom,and we wept Ann, grim and cold, maintained her com posure throughout. The next day X heard that no will had been found, and that my simple statement that ! had been married to Charles Chester, was of no avail. -- The only thing that could have established my position as his wife—his introduction of mo by that title—failed me. My husband had some detestation of ceremonj, and got over his introductions easily. His usual form being: “Helen, tbi3 i3 Mr. or Mrs. So-and-So.” Ho had oven introduced me to his family in this way, saying : “Well, Helen, here we are altogether. This is Ann, that is William, and thatvoong fellow there is Jim. He was poor mother's baby.” « Ob, they knew well that I was his wife. It was theirgreed'of gold led them to deny it. Ono day they stood before me—three fiends they seemed to me—and bade me rise and leave the house, and take my children “ We’ve been very good to you,” said William, “ considering what yon are. We’ve got a present of £150 for you, and.you can earn your living if yon Bra willing to be honeet andbshave yourself. We’ro going to move here to-morrow, and of course Ann couldn’t have a person like you in her house. The carriage is at the door.” And with these words he tendered me a largo iollaof bank notes. As he ceased, I arose in my wrath aud flung the money back into his face. “Man,” I cried, “you know I am yonr brother's widow—yon know that you are robbing his orphans. Could the dead return he would rise before you this instant to con found your falsehoods. Oh, my husband— my husband—where are you I—where are you I Oh, my love, can you not come buck And to this wild cry—a cry that mourners utter so oiten in the madness of their de spair—an answer came, a ringing “ I am here!” in a voice we all knew. A tall figure dashed through the open door of the great hall and Btood before us— Charles Chester and no other. He stood motionless—one arm uplifted and drawn back, and tho other pointing to ward his brother William. And at the presence of the man they believed to bo lying in bis grave, of his ghost evoked by my prayer, abject terror fell upon them. Wil liam sunk upon his knees ; James, in his flight, fell over him aud Bprawled upon the carpet; Ann went off into hysterics; but the little children at my side knew no fear. They rushed toward him, clasping in their arms, crying gleefully: “ Pap3 is not dead any longer. Papa has come baek 1" And as his arms c-ncireied me, I felt that he had come back indeed—whence and how I scarcely asked mysell. He was there; I, his beloved wile, was in his arms. My woo had changed to joy. This was what he told me afterwards. While I was from home, a telegram reached him which rendered His presence in a mining district at a great'distance, im perative. He could not await my return, bat wrote a letter to me explaining tho matter, which he laid npon my little desk. Meanwhile certain work remained un finished in tho laboratory, and the only man ho knew in whoso charge he dared to leave it, was an enccntria old chemist of tho neighborhood, who lived by himself in an ont-of- tho-way cottage, and was supposed to be endeavoring to invent an elixir of life. To this man ho sont, put matters in his charge, advised him to exchange his well-saved Buit whioh was upon the body when disaovered, and led to the belief that it was that of Mr. Chester, In my utter misery, I had not read any of my letters. That which he had left for me, and tboee he had sent from the mines, lay in my desk among the unopened condolences which I had ordered my servant to plaoe there, and only when he arrived in hia native town did he hear of the eventB which had occurred there. His wrath was great, and his vengeance might have been terrible, for amongst them bis relatives had destroyed a will which ha had made on the very day our first child was born. But I implored his clemency. I was too happy myself to wish even my enemies to suffer more than they needs must from the pangs of conscience, and their knowledge that by their own deeds they had deprived themselves forever of their brother's affection and the pecuniary advantages whioh it offend them, ' 