URGE FIRE AT EAST MEL- BOURKE. A TIMBER YARD DE8TR0YED. DAMAGE TO THE EXTENT OF OVER £6000. A fire of somo considerable magnitude broko out this morning shortly after 2 o'clock in tho premises of Messrs Marray and Crow, buildera and contractors, off Victoria Parade, East Melbourne. Ths fire sesms to hava originated on tha first floor, and in xuch a position as to be most disastrous to tbe occupiers, Messrs Marray and Crow had on hand oontracta for a largo quantity ol fittings for tho Mutual Store ; and the result of their labor, whloh was approaching completion, has boen rendered worthless. It was at first feared that some of the neighboring honses, tbe residence of the popular contralto, Mrs Ramsden, among tbe number, would have been demolished ; bnt the arrival of tbe brigades, including the In surance, the Carlton Brewery, tbe Fitsroy sad the Richmond— after a little while— quickly dispelled all fears in that direction. The house of the late owner of the property —tho late Mrs Wright, Albert atreet— was in imminent danger from tho fact that tbo sonth end of the building largely consisted of wood and glass tor the purposes of light. There is a sad coincidence in the fact that THE BODY OF MRS WRIGHT, who bad been for a few days holiday in Sydney, and had died there, was only last evening brought home. Thus, trouble comes in torrents. Fortunately, there was no wind, or the block bounded by Vietoria Parade and Simpson, Albert, and Powlett streets, with tbe timber yard in the middle, would have had but tho ghost of a chauce of escaping tho flames. The timber yard is very peculiarly situated in a heavily built block, but the bouses sprang up after the timber yard. The firm of Marray aud Crow Is uot an old one. The Insurance and other brigades, under tho direction of Deputy-Chief Officer M1 Do wall, had water ou to the build ing, which is a fairly large factory of two floors, brick and .wood con struction, In a very shortspocoof limo after the alarm was given by a passerby.' The force of water was good, and the firemeo were enabled to use It with good effect, so that after, perhaps, mi hoar's work the flame were got under, aud all foar of the fire spreading was at an end. The stock was a most valuable ono in every deportment, and it i estimated that THE LOSS WILL BE OVER L6000. Much sympathy is expressed for the firm In their misfortune. Up to tbo present no canto for the firo had been ascertained, and for severe! hours a good deal of the timber remained on fire, but the fireinon wcro working on the imokhig debris. The inflammable nature of the contents of the building rendered tho work of the firemen ono of great diffioulty, and tho estab lishment was thoroughly gutted before tho firo was got .under. The build ing belonged to tho lato Mrs Wright, of Albert street, and was insured In tho Commercial Union Office for L250. The stack and contents generally were valued at nearly L7000, but tho ioaurance, also with the Commercial Union Office, only tbe insurance is, no doubt, acoounted for by tbe fact that the premium charged by the insurance companies on tim ber yards averages L4 to L5 per L100 of in surance. The prbperty holders adjacent to the aceno of tbo tire aro to bo congratulated npon its being confined to the oue building, otherwise the effects would he far more dis astrous than already the case. 