TWIN BABIES. These twin babies were black. They were black as coal. Indeed they were blacker than coal, for they glistened in their oily blackness, their bear-oily blackness. They were young baby bears, and so exactly alik that no one could in any way tell the one from the other. And they were orphans. They had been found at the foot of a small cedar tree on the banks of the Sacramento River, near the famous Soda Springs. This pleasant resort on the banks of the bright flashing Sacramento River lies close up under the gleamiug snows of Mount Shasta, and is now owned by Senator Stanford, founder of the Stanford University of California, with its 20,000,000 dol endowment. But at the time the twin babies were found it was only a wild camp, or way station, on the one and only trail that wound all round through the woods and up and down mountains for hun- dreds of miles, connecting the goldfields of California with the pastoral settlements away to the north of Oregon. But a railroad has now taken the place of that tortuous old pack trail, and you can whisk through these wild and woody mountains, and away on down through Oregon, and up through Washington, Montana, Dakota, Minnesota, Wisconsin, and on to Chicago without even once getting out of your car, if you like. But such a persistent ride is not probable, for fish, pheasants, deer, elk and bear still abound here in their ancient haunts, and the temptation to get out and fish or hunt is too great to be resisted. This place, where the baby bears were found was first owned by three men, or rather by two men and a boy. One of the men was known as Mountain Joe. He had once been a guide in the service of General Fremont, but he was now a drunken fellow, and spent most of his time at the trading post, 20 miles down the river. He is now an old man, almost blind, and lives in Oregon city on a pension received as a soldier of the Mexican war. The other man's name was Sil Reese. He also is living, and is famously rich— as rich as he is-stingy, and that is saying he is very rich indeed. But it was the boy who found the baby bears at the base of the cedar tree by the flashing river. There had been a battle with the Indians up in the great grey rocks that literally hung above the road to the left as you go to Oregon, and he had been badly wounded, so badly wounded, indeed, that he could only mope around and sit under the trees. He preferred the trees to the house, partly because it was more pleasant and partly because Sil Reese, who had a large nose and used it to talk with constantly, kept laughing because the boy, who had been wounded in defending the ranoh, was not able to work— wash the dishes make fires, and so on, and help in a general and particular way about the so-called "Soda Springs Hotel." This Sil Reese was certainly a mean man, as has perhaps been set down in the sketch before. The baby bears were found asleep and alone. How they came to be there, and, above all, how they came to be left long enough alone by their mother for a feeble boy to rush forward at sight of them, catch them up in his arms and escape with them will always be a wonder. But this one thing is certain, you had about as well take up two rattlesnakes in your arms as two baby bears and hope to get off unharmed if the mother of the young bears is within a mile of you. This boy, however. had not yet learned caution, and he probably had not been born with much fear in his make up. And then he was so lonesome. And this man Reese was so cruel and so cross, with his big nose like a sounding fog horn, that the boy was glad to get even a bear to love and play with. They, of course, noticed instantly, but so far from being frightened or cross they began to root around under his arms and against his breast like little pigs for something to eat. Possibly their mother had been killed by hunters, for they were nearly famished. And how they did eat! This also made Sil Reese mad. For although the boy, wounded as he was, managed to shoot down a deer and not too far from the house almost every day and so kept the "hotel" in meat, still it made Reese miserable and envious to see the little black fellows eat. And,above all, it made him most miserable to see the boy so happy with his sable friends, Reese was simply mean ? Before a month the little black boys began to walk erect, carry stick muskets, wear paper caps, and march up and down before the door of the big log "hotel" like soldiers. But the cutest trick they learned was that of waiting on the table. With little round caps and short white aprons, the little black boys would stand behind the long bench on which the guests sat at the pine board table and take orders with all the precision and solemnity of Southern negroes. Of course, it is to be confessed that they often dropped things, especially if the least bit hot; but remember we had only tin plates and tin or iron dishes of all sorts, so that little damage was done if a dish did happen to fall and rattle down on the earthen floor. Men came from far and near and often lin- gered all day to see those cunning and intelli- gent creatures perform. About this time Mountain Joe fought a duel with another mountaineer down at the trading post, and this duel, a bloodless and foolish affair, was all the talk. Why not have the little black fellows fight a duel also! They were surely civilised enough to fight now ! And so with a very few days' training they fought a duel exactly like the one in which poor, drunken old Mountain Joe was engaged, even to the detail of one of them suddenly dropping his stick gun and running away and falling headlong in a prospect hole When Joe came home and saw this duel and saw what a fool he had made of himself, he at first was furiously angry. But it made him sober, and he kept sober for half a year. Mean- time Reese was mad as ever; more mad, in fact, than ever before. For he could not endure to see the boy have any friends of any kind. Above all he did not want Mountain Joe to stay at home or keep sober. He wanted to handle all the money and answer no questions. A drunken man and a small boy that he could bully suited him best. Ah, but this man Reese was a mean and miserable fellow, as has been said a time or two before. As winter came on the two blacks were fat as pigs and fully half grown. Their appetites increased daily, and so did the anger and envy of Mr. Sil Reese. "They'll eat us out o' house and hum," said the big towering nose one day as the snow began to descend and close up the pack trails. And then the stingy man proposed that the blacks should be made to hibernate, as others of their kind. There was a big hollow log that had been sawed off in joints to make bee gums ; and the mean man insisted that they should be put in there with a tight heap and jack of hay for a bed and nailed up till spring, to save pro- visions. Soon there was an Indian outbreak. Some one from the ranch or "hotel" must go with the company of volunteers that was found down at the post for a winter campaign. Of course Reese would not go. He wanted Moun- tain Joe to go and get killled. But Joe was sober now, and he wanted to stay and watch Reese. And that is how it came about that the two black babies were tumbled headlong into a big black gum or short hollow log on a heap of hay, and nailed up for the winter. The boy had to go to the war. It was late in the spring when the boy, having neglected to get himself killed, to the great dis- gust of Mr. Sil Reese, rode down and went straight up to the big gum in the backyard. He put his ear to a knot hole. Not a sound, He tethered his mule, came back and tried to shake the short hollow log. Not a sound or single movement of any kind. Then he kicked the big gum with all his might. Nothing! Rush- ing to the woodpile he caught up the axe and in a moment had the whole end of the big gum cored in. And to his infinite delight out rolled the twins. But they were merely the ghosts of them- selves. They had been kept in a month or two too long, and were now so weak and so lean that they could hardly stand on their feet. "Kill 'em and put 'em out o' misery," said Reese, for run to him they really could not. And he came forward and kicked one of them flat down on his face as he was trying hard to stand on his four feet. The boy had grown some ; besides he was just from the war and was now strong and well. He rushed up in front of Reese, and he must have looked unfriendly, for Sil Reese tried to smile and then at the same time he turned hastily to go into the house. And when he got fairly turned round the boy kicked him precisely where he had kicked the bear. And he kicked him hard so hard that he pitched forward on his face juat as the bear had done. He got up quick; but he did not look back. He seemed to have something to do in the house. In a month the babies, big babies now, were sleek and fat. It is amazing how these creatures will eat after a short nap of a few months like that. And their cunning tricks now! And their kindness to their master! Ah ! their glossy black coats and their brillant black eyes! And now three men came. Two of these men were Italians from San Francisco. The third man was also from that city, but he had an amazing nose, and refused to eat bear meat. He thought it was pork. They took tremendous interest in the big black twins and stayed all night and till late next day seeing them perform. "Seventy-five dollars," said one big nose to the other big nose, back in a corner where they thought the boy did not hear. "One hundred and fifty. You see I'll have to give my friends 50 each. Yes, it's true I've took care of 'em all winter, but I ain't mean and I'll only keep 50 of it." The boy, bursting with indignation, ran to Western Joe with what he had heard. But poor Joe had been sober a long time, and his eyes fairly danced in delight at having 50 dol, in his own hand and right to spend down at the Post. And so the two Italians muzzled the big pretty pets and led them kindly down the trail toward the city, where they were to perform in the streets, the man with the other big nose following after the twins on a big white mule. And what became of the big black twin babies? They are still performing, feel content and happy; sometimes in a circus, sometimes in a garden, sometimes in the street. They are great favorites and have never done harm to anyone. and what became of Sil Reese? Well, as said before, he still lives, is very rich, and very miserable. He met the boy-the boy that was on the street the other day and wanted to talk of old times. He told the boy he wished he should write of something about the old times and put him, Sil Reese, in it. He said, with the same old sounding nose and sickening smile, that he wanted the boy to be sure and put his, Sil Reese's, name in it so that he could show it to his friends. And the boy has done so. The boy? You want to know what the boy is doing? Well, in about a second he will be sign- ing his autograph to the bottom of this story about the twin babies. Joaquin Miller. 