Novelist. A LIFE AT STAKE. By Mrs. IIAHRI3T LEWiS, Aittlun- of ?? '/'I:,- Home cf Shifts,' ' Vivian Tiprnt' ?'?'/lie Heiress of I'.crcmont,' ?' 77u-'/-a!se //,?/»,?''«?.'.?; etc. ClUPTEll 1. WATCrllSO TUB CLOCK. ' She light of low, t!i-- purity tf grace, Tbe mind, -be n.u-cc^ breathing from her face.' — Ihnos.* ItWRsadaik and moonless iii^ht. Tue trees around l.iUncouit— the couutry heme of Sir Allyn D&re; — rusilcd tbe^r branches restlessly in tbe wind, looking like tall ghosts communing— together;- the marble fitatuea and urns Ecattcred over the lawns and through the fmrdeiiB gleamed white &nd; Hpectrnl throngh tbe gloom ; and the stately mansion itself had an unreal appearance as it looa^EU up in the majesty of itu propor tions against tho dark night-sky. 13 nt a single light bemud from the broad windows ol tbe d ^tiling, and that struggled through the p\rtiug betveen the heavy cur tains ot n room in the western wing. This room was situ&Ud; on the ground floor, and, in addition to its wide windows, was provided wilh a glazed door, which opened into a email ehrtibbtry. The furoiture ot lbs room was simple, and in uludtd several tables, a few chairs, an ample chin'z-covercd coueh, heaped high with pillows, a email bronze clock, and several antique vases. Tne floor of polished oak. arranged in a mosaic pattern, was covered in the centre by a handsomu Turkey carpet. Two or three well- filled book-cases were ranged against the walls ; and the tables, wero littered with mspi and charts, which had evidently been under recent inspection. Unsteady lines were faintly ttaced upon tbe maps, showing circuitous routes to outctthe way placet, as-it tbe person who bad marked them had been thinking of seeking n hiding place f»T away from ordinary routes of travel, or indeed, from the ntual haunts of civilieed men. A few coals were burning steadily in tho grate, giving out a faint heat, not unpleasant on that chilly April night, and from their light, combined wilh that of the lamp burn ing on the table, tho many pictures that adorned the high, polished walla were re vealed with more or leas distinctness. These pictures were of various iciiuula of painting, tend many ot them were from the hands ot world-renowned masteif. This room was the private apartment of Mir Allyn D.\re, and, ct tho moment we look rpon tho scene,- it was tenanted by the wealthy baronet himself He had been for hoars, and was still, en gaged in walking the floor, wrapped in a gloom far denser than that without the dwelling. . Be was ft tall man, and teamed taller than he was, beoauso of bis thinness. Every feature of his pale, thin face, indicated tbe high-bred gentlemen, and hia refinement was apparent in his looks and dress, disordered as was the latter. Scarcely five-and-torty yean ot age, hia scanty looks were white as ?now, and streamed over bis grey dressing grown , giving him an aged look, which was heightened by the weary and caro- worn ex pression ot hi3 countenance. He was a gentle, affectionate man, with an almost constitutional abhorrence of noise, con fusion, or contention, and with a singular lore of quiet, made necessary to him by his extreme nervousness. Hs had been' very different in his youth, his friends were wont to say, pityingly. He had always been gentle, but there bad been a time when that gentleness only tempered an ardent soul. In his earlier years he had been gay and fall of spirit, the life of tha toeial circle, the frequenter of various places of amuse ment condemned and forbidden to him by his rigid parent, the late Sir Allyn, ; who had looked upon his wild ways with abhorrence, and who had more than once peremptorily refused to pay his son's debts, contracted' perhaps, a: ths gaming-table. But all that was in the days when the present baronet was enly Mr. Allyn Dare— before tbe family title and wealth had coma to htm. Since then he had been as now except that every year, every month and even every day, teemed to add a farrow to his forehead, sr to deepen tha lines about his care-worn face. ' ; Aa he paced the room, his hands folded be hind his baok, duping and nncla»ping them selves, wih n nervona motion, his faee worked with a jn^irtul agitation, bis paze.rhifted inces.-wmi c, and tie held his brjaih frequently slackening his etep3 to listen. Ai langih hia tyes, thus wandering reit lestly oterlhu objects around him, reverted to the maps and chart i on ths table, and he path* red them up despairingly and thrust tbrm into a drawer, while he murmured : 'It is nEcless to think of flight. Let me breakmy sworn word and the evil will surely come— pursuit, scandal, shame, agony, ignominy, »n« dnth !' s ' He caught his breath convulsively, re surnfd hia walk to and fro, and continued : ' No, flight is madness. I roust meet tha ahccU he-re soon. It is the night of the last day— the night ef the fatal twenty-second 1 In all thcde years I have not ecen him or heard from him. Bat I feel that he lives— that he is cominc— that he will soon be here to claim the fulfilment of our awful compact. And yet, there is a chance in my favor. He may be dead. I pray that he may be. Ob, if it might prove bo I' A wild look of hope suddenly flashed across his gloomy face, as lightning some, times flashes across tbe darkest night, and he glanced at the clock, and said : ' Twenty minutes to eleven 1 X have only eighty minutes to wait, and then I shall either be free or doomed. I have looked for him Bince daybreak, and every minute that has passed sinco;tben without bringing him has fed ray hopes. I know his bitter hatred and love of revenge, and surely, if . he were alive he would have come to me at the earliest hour of to-day. Yes, he muEt be dead.' There was an exnltani tone in his voioe as ho uttered the last word', bat his exultation was only momentary, and was succeeded by a deeper gloominess. He continued walking backward and for ward, watching the clock, as its hands moved slowly over its face, starting at every sound, now and then pausing to listen, frequently looking from the door, and Btill more frequently bending nn anxious p.lance toward the interior of bis dwelling. Struggle ss he would to still bis agitation, and repress bin neivousness, the return of his despair became more and more marked with every pasting moment. 11 If I had but died on that awful nigbt, ten years ago!' he groaned. ' Wnat torture havnlnot endured since then ? If I bcrl but braved him then— hot my weakness buy been my ruin 1 It is now too late — too late I Haikl That noise! Ahoreemati I' He eprpng into a defensive attitude, having tbe look of a hunted animal at bay . Tbe sound that had eo alarmed him sooi resolved itetlf-into tbe murmur among tbi trees, or the rustling ot branches against the casement ; but his fright did not sub side. 11 Eleven o'clock,' he whispered, bis limbs trembling, and his face acquiring a livid hue. ' Only an hour more. According to the compact, if he arrives niter twelve ho cannot claim the bond. Bat ho will be here. Oh, my child, ray poor child, I could find it in my heart to paoriflee you to asotlur shrine than this— to death 1' And his trembling voice broke into a quivering laugh that was pitiful to hear, it was so full of woe and despair. He checked tho laugh in tho midst of ita utterance, with an apprehensive glance ot a door on the opposite side of tbe room, and then, with a sudden impulse, he crosied tbe floor, opened the door, and stole softly into tbe adjoining apartment. It differed greatly from his study, being fitted up as a dainty and elegant boudoir. It was full ot light and warmth and color. The long French windows were trimmed with crimson, damask, and white Inoc ; the floor was covered with a velv.lmedallioc carpet; a tiro glowed and flamed behind the polished bars of the grate ; and silken couches and cushions, picture;, marble statuettes, shelves of rato porcelain, carved book-assea filled with handsomtly bound volumes, and a host oi elegant and costly trifles abounded, giving the room a rosy home-like appearance, which was increased by tbe soft light that shon: through tbe globes of the pendant chandelier. Sir Allyn advanced silently, to a crimson couch upen which a youcg girl lay sleeping and then ho folded bis arms and stood be Bide her, watching her with n yearning, des pairing gazo; ???' ? ??'?' ?-?'?' ? ? — ? ? ?- Sbo was very beautiful in her un consciousness— ag beautiful and as lovely us an angel. She lay in a graceful, careless attitude, her tiny slippered feet peeping from beneath too hem of her dressiiiR.robo, a bright scarlet chawl thrown carelessly over her shoulders, an'l her hair flowing over her pillow. A sniilo was fluttering across her Hps, showing tlmt her pure soul was visited wilh pleasant dreams. She w:u IKleDarc, the only child of the bir-n:t. . ?? Uow h^ppy iho if,' murmured tlie father, looking -?'. her throogh a mist of iratheiing tearc ' She is niwnys so, sleeping or Wukir.y. exec) t uhen lUpristed by her sympathy with me. Sue in as pure and in nocent as a baby. Suo baa never known n real ctief. ' 1( she could only die bifurc he comes to wreck her happiness, to make her pray for iltath ! r-ettcr,|a thousand times better, vould it i:avo hee$ if j ou bait died in infancy ! Oh, uiy chHd ! my drnrest lice! it makes me shiver »ith difa'd.and luy blood to run cold when ltliink that you havo been rocerred for such a wretched fate as awaita you 1' . So earnest whero his tones, ea 1-ud his words, that tbo maiden stirred slightly at the sound of bis voice, sncl then opened her eyes, trnd assumed an upright position, while the baronet turned his pale, thin, wildlook ing face toward her. ' 1'ar/a — oil, papa I' she said, in a low tone of pain, 'are you ill/ — or has your fit cf glcom come back ac∈ ?' She arose, approached him with a &wift;, gliding motion, led him gently to a scat upon tha couch beside her, and then drew his bead to her brentt with a tender, protrct icg movement, and as it edc would defend him from sn entire world. That movement was ? revelation in itself. \- It showed that her relations to the baronet were less those of tbe daughter, and more ot the loving counsellor, tha unfailing friend, the gentle protector, and the guardian angel. ?? ? : It she had been beautiful in.sleep, how much more beautiful was she how that every feature was iuatinat with awakened intellig ence, and tbe glow ot lovo aud pity over spread them I - ? ?.'.??? She .was delicate and slight in frame, yet evidently ? endowed, with almest perfect healib. Her face was bewildering in ita lovelines;, lighted up by a pair ot radUnt, magnetic eyes, in which lurked a thousand pleasant shadows, vivified by a sweet, tender moutb, of which the lips gleamed like the newly blofsomed carnation,- and made glorious by ths parity, swcetncs3, and spirit breathing from every faultless feature. Her white dressing-gown fell about her slender figure in sott folds, its whiteness re lieved by. the vivid scarlet and long fringes other shawl; and her long, soft hair, un bound, strayed over shoulders in rippling waves of brown, gleaming with gold. It was easy , to sea that, while she was gifted with tbe most exquisite .delicacy and refinement, she had yet : a strength of character such as is found in few womsn. . This might be because her father had so long leaned upon her, looking to her in his frequent fits of terrible despondence for com fort and counsel, and depending upon her unfailing lova and oheerf ulness for relief. She was a warm-betrtcd, impulsive young maiden, aa g-neruns as the sun, qaick to like or dislike, yet, besides her father, there was no one in the world whoa] she really loved, 'IlJe, my dear child,' bo s&id;, looking dispairingly into the anxious face, 'I am confident that you love mo so de7otedly that jou would Bubmit to any sacrifice tor my sake.' . . . ?.;??-??? His manner so startled and alarmed her that «he was speechless, although checlnng closer to him, throwing her arms -about his neck. '. . ? : ? . '.':._' ' Oh, heavens,' he exclaimed, ' to ste you softer, snd know mrsslf powerless to aid. or soothe you ? ' : ' ' . lie coald not bear to look longer upon tha wondering, frightened girl, and rushed into bis study, forbidding hex to follow him. 'Twenty-five minutes! to twelve 1' he ex claimed, looking at ths clock. 'Only Iwioty-flTO Diantff mort, and— and— we may' be saved 1 Heaven grant, if he yet live?, bis horse may fall under him, and eo delay him, or he may miss hia way, or justice may overtake him 1' . Thus the moments wore on. : Ho counted tbe ticks of tbe clock, he ex amined hia watch frequently, he now and then opened the glazed door and peered into the darkness, and listened for the sound of an approach, and it was carious to note how his moods alternated between the wildest joy and relief, and tbe blackest despair. Unnoticed by him lldestole into the study, regardless of hi3 prohibition, and watched him, fearful that his mind had given way, and that he would do bimeelf an injury. Once or twice a feeling of numbness crept over the baronet, and he was dead alike to fear or hope, and walked about as in a dream, but this blessed obliviousneea waB but momentary, and be aroused from it to Btill greatersuffering. Tbe minutes slowly lessened. Soon there remained but twenty, and these melted to fifteen, and these to ten. Again Sir Allyn experienced a BudSen flash of hope. His step quickened, his tbin face flushed, his eyes glowed, and hia spare figure began to shake oB the burden under which it had Btoopcd for years, and to grow erect and full of dipnity. 'Only ton minu'ea morel' ho cried, feverishly, his tone ec husky that Ilde scarcely recognised it. 'He must be here within, ten minutes, or I shall be free from tho bond forever 1' Shaking of? the weakness that crept over him, be ruebed out into the shrubbery and wandered abont among tbe trees and bushes, and listened, and exulted, and deppaired, re tnrning every few moments to look at his watch or the clock. Thus five minutes were passed. His anxif ty then grew iueupportahle. Hie i :?* trembled under him, nnd be grew too o-dV- and exoitcd to continue hia walk, and H' -n..k down upon biB lounge, his hands cla-ped. and bid eyes fixed unwaveringly -non the clock. f Hia daughter, filcntly and unseen, drew i. -t-rtn him, full ot an awful dread, and i-r, ?' it h-H tide, watching liitn sis cloEely as h.- rewardeo ilie time-piece. The tichii,,- of tho olock seemed to grow slower, Hik Htconds almost interminable periods, and the minutes were ages which tbe time-piece seemed to find itself unable to compajs. One minute — two miniitcB passed. Tbo lips of tbe baronet quivered as they ttrove to whisper a prayer, and the trembl ing of thi3 tbin body became an ague, while his senses reeled, and he heard nothing, saw nothing, save tbat his distempered vision presented to him a gigantic clock whose great hands told off the seconds with cruel slowness. Tho third minate thus passed. There remained but two more before mid night, and Sir Allyn aroused himself from his brief tranco, and listened and watched with all tbe intcatness he could command of his unstrung netves. 'I hear nothing,' he gaiped — 'no foot steps — no horseman approaching ! The very wind seems dumbl It must be — he is dtadl Hois dead!' lie called anew all his energies to the task ot listening. Every tick of the clock seemed to say something to him in intelligible language, now oiddinc him to hope — then Resuring him mockingly tbat hope would not avail. And at last only one minute romained to him I Only one minute between him and free dom, and bops and happiness I . Uis nervos were novr strung to their ut most tension, his brain seemed en fire, hiB whole frame seemed paralysed, hia hands hung listlessly frcm his kness, and he looked as it frozen into that attitude o! terror and spprebeneioo. ' Only ono minute more I' Even as these words framed themselves upon hia Iip3, in tho midst ot that profound silence, while Ilde bent nearer to him, more than ever frightened and wondering, there came, with au emphasis at once startling and appalling — a crashing knock upon tbe door. 