HOW A GOOD SHIP WAS LOST. On the night of October 27th, 1842, the good ship " Mary Compton," of Bristol, Englaod, was struggling with a fearful gale of the coast of North America. 'The wind blew furiously, but the weather was clear, and the captain expected every moment to get sight of the light in the lighthouse on the Iron Rock Shoals. This lighthouse marked the entrance to the harbour. I Once there, ani they were safe. Bore of his position, Ie sailed on confidently. Five minutes later the ship struck with a fearful shock and went to pieces. FLour men,inaluding the Captain were saved. On reaching the shore they found a strange thing had happened. An enemy of the light house keeper Ihad bound him hand and foot, and extinguilshed the light. Souls, as well as ships, steer by the lights. Hope is the most important lighthouse in the world. What shall be said of the man who darkens it in the face of a storm- tossed spirit 1 "You are beUyod human aid." These words said by a plhysician to a woman who had come to consult him. Admitting that he thought so, had he the right to say so ? No; for he might be wrong-and, in any case, Ihe had no business to put out the light. This woman had been ill for some time. In June, 189, she was greatly alarmed by her symptoms. Her heart palpitated, and she was so giddy she could scarcely stand. 11er Ihead whirled, "and," she said, "all objects seemed togo into a cloud." ihe had to hold herself up or sit down for fear of falling. She broke out into a sweat although coli as death. A dreadful conugh racked her frams so that she could not lie down ?n bed and sleep. " I could scarcely crawl about thle Ihouse," sIe says, " I wasso week. I tried different remedies and medicines witlhout avail. I went to the Dispensary at New Briggate and asked the doctor to tell me the worst. Hlis answer swas, I have mixed you some nmedicine; you can take i or leave it. I took it for three weeks, then gave up in despair." " I talked with two other physicians. The last one said, ' You are past human aid.' " My heart sank within me, for I Ihad five little children, and my deathl would leave them without a mother's love and care. 1 went Ihome and cried till I was sick; I had no appetite andsad tost flesh till I was,.hin as a ghost I My mother came to see m and did not know me. My skin was ofl a green and yellow colour, and when I ate anything it seemed to stick in my throat. About this time I commenced vomiting, and what I threwe up was tinged with blood. Once I began to vomit at nine o'clock on Satirday morning and scarcely got rest from it until Monday morning. " At this time I remembered that Mrs. Wilson, with whlom I formerly worked at Crawford's ?i:l, in East Street, Leeds (where I live), had been enred by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. So I sent to Mr. Jesson's the chemist, in Great Garden street and got a bottle. A few doses stopped the vomiting, and by degrees from day to day I felt better. Soon I could eat a dry crust, and by the time I had finished the second I had got over all my bad symptoms, and was fast getting my strength back. I em now (April, S190), in better health than ever before in my life." "I shonld have taken 3Iother).Seigel's Curative Syrup sooner, but my husband was out of work, and we had only a trifle coming in from his club, but I thank God I did get it at last, and it cured me bad off as I was. All my friends and neighburs know the facts I havo related, and I wi'! reply to any letters of enquiry." (Signed), Mrs. Ann Mi!'s, 40 Broad Street, York nload, Leeds. This was a case of indigestion and dyspep. sia, with symptoms showing how far it had affected the nervous system. A few months, or, possibly weeks more, and Mrs. Mills would have had no tale to tell. She did wrong to wait one hour for any reason after having known what Mother Seigel's Corative Syrup had done for her friend, Mrs. Wilson. 