Heard in His Own De fence. " navo 1 yonr honor's permission to make n. atr.'.oment V "Your honor 1" oried Lawyer Ling, Gprinyinu to hi3 feet—" your honor, before you pats on Ibis request, I should like to make a statement myself." ?'What is it, Mr. Lang?" asked tho judge. '? I Ib just thi?," said Mr. Ling, with nome thing more than bia ?Biial acerbity ; '? you remembtr, of conrse, that when thiH man, Ccphtt? Love, was first brought to trial he was without cour.ee!; that he refused to secure any, and that you therefore peremptorily appointed mc as such. Tho appointment wan mcle". f.ir tho defendant baa absolutely and unconditionally refused to'say a word to mc concerning bia case. I wii !i it to bo difi tinctly understood, however, that thia eilenoo of thedefendant'd haw b.-en maintained in the face of my ucst uiligont iff.vrle to bleak do*vu his ic?erve.for wniie i n:fll aocepiod your honor's injunction perfunotorily, I ended by becoming uer-ply interested in what ih certainly a unique case—bo far bb my prao tice goes. W'hut 1 wish to Btatewitb paitiou lar atress is, that I am absolutely and en* tircly ignorant of tho naturo-o! tbo state ment which Mr. Love has ashed permission to make. In fact, i.ir, all 1 can oQioially claim to know ot thia man is, that en tho fourteenth of this month ot August, IB'JO, be was found in tho very act of throttling another man to death, at No. HO;i I'ino Street, in thia City and County of Han l''runcieco ; that he waa arrested in flagrante delictu by Ollicer Thomson ; and that he ha? been oon llncd in the city prison ever since, lie ia no more a client of mine than is yonr honor, and it would bo a gross misuso ot terms to Btylo him a ' defendant.' " Ac Mr. Lang eat down, tho man referred to ag Cephas Love shook hands with him cordially, and repeated his request for a hearing. " It in a rather unusual proceeding—at this stage of tho trial," Bald tho judgp, '?for a person in your position to make a statement, but tho whole proceedings in thia caeo havo been unusual. Moreover, I havo not tho right to deny you. Do you wiab your stalo mr-nt to appear na ovidenco ?" 11 'Take your placo in tbe witness-stand, then, and bo eworn." He repeated tbo clerk's mumble-jumbleicf words with slow emphiieia, and laid an in tonation upon the concluding words, "Ho help mo God, ' that gave thorn a reverential effect not often heard in that oourt-room. The sketch which the artist of a morning paper was at thi? moment making, showed a liny, neat man, Bitting primly with crossed leg? and smoothing cut tho folds ot a rod ailk haudkerohiof spread over his knees. Ilia hands, face, and eoalp wero of a folso ruddi ne?S that was caused by a network of email vein.l in the ukin, nnd that was mado all tho more vivid by tho oontrnat of a fringe of flaxen-white hair and two patches of close trimmed whiskers thot lay on caoh oheelt like ninall poivder-puffs. lliaey6a wero light-bluo and moist; his lips thin and straight ; and tho refit of his features ordinary and inex pressive. Ho was dressed in a Bnit of dark grey clothes, and looked Eomething between an upper servant and Email lawyer. There had been even more than the usual in terest felt in tho cnuc, tho court-room was crowded, and when the prisoner began thcro wa? a strained attention to hear what he had to Boy, mado all tho moro uece?sary bcoauou of the rather low and rather quick voico in which he spoko. " My name ia oorreotly given on tho docu ments in tho case, I believe," bo began ; "beaidea which, it ha? boon on tho oity directory for tho paHt thirty-two yoors. It is Cephnn Glavcring Love, although the middle name io very bcldom used. I am dxty-thrcc years nf age, and wob born at Memphis, Term., on the thirteenth of April, 1827\. 1 camo to Hon Francisco thirty-three years conic next Christians Kve, and for twenty-one years thercafler I was a clerk for the law-tlim of Kittridgo and Snaw, as 1 helicvo yonr boner well knows. I-'or the past twtlvo yours I have been or.gagid in tho law-stntioiiery department of Messrs. ltockcr and Coo. These gentlemen, together with many others, I understand I have a right to -uniruon as witi.tsten to testify as to my socd chr.rr.ctcr, hut 1 *ball put nono of them to thia inconvenience—" "l'roecfd, Mr. Live," said the judge, for .vitntsa had stopped and was nervously .übliing tho palmH of hia small, withered ?lar.dn with hia handkerchief. " Thank you, your honor," said the old man, " I'm not used to making long speeches All 1 need fay in any preliminary way about myself iB, that I am a widower, with one married daughter living at Norfolk, Virginia ; that I urn a member of Dr. V,'all's ohuroh j that 1 live temperately, drinking but little and Hmoking lerij ; nnd that I am 0 quiet, Inwreppccting, Uod-fcnring old man. Vet I Kit hero to-day in this court a murderer. ,: " Your honor," exclaimed Mr. Lang, onco more springing to hia feet, "I must insist that tho witne?sbe instructed. Your honor Unnwd that a plea of not guilty was entered in the oourt of examination, and a similar plea has been entered iv this court of arnignment. This man is on trial ; ho has not been convicted, nnd I call upon your honor to instruct tho witness that ho must not una such terms of Bolf.acousation, aa well as to inform tho jury that they pay no attention to tho wild words of tho witnero." ?' Tbo witness is thoroughly conversant with legal practices, I believe, Mr. Lang," said the judge, " and fully appreciates the gravity ot bis position nnd tbo neces?ity for Nevertheless if—" ?-Exeuco mc, your honor," Boid tho old '.nan Love, gently etretobing out a somewhat ihaky band toward tho judge ; ?? you neod not caution mc, yonr honor. 1 am, ac you say, thoroughly awaro ot tho gravity of my , vor dB—and position. What 1 say is simply ihe truth, and tho truth eon injure no one. t am a murderer, nnd I purpose telling the .tory of my crime without nttcrnpting any imlliation." Thero was a stir in tho court-room, and i veiled woman —tho mother of the victim, it was said—leaned forward in her chair and Bobbed. ..,,,. T ?'Your honor, oried Sir. Lang, again on those ready feot'of bi? ; " Ihero ia on attempt at sensationalism here," with a vibrating 'oreflngor pointed in tho direction of the sobbing woman, and ho asked that it bo atopped." f> )h „„,.„„.„ with hot oaroasm ; '.' wo must coy wo like that. During tho wholo ottheaa proceedings ,va haven't said a blesaed word. Wo'vo al lowed you to put your man on the witnos? atnnd with all tbo stage-tffeot you wanted una without a boo ; and now, because this i.oor, bereaved woman—this beart-strioken ?itoiher gives way to her natnral grief when tho horriblo crime which robbed her if her darling is brought to her mind,you— you, sir, who ehould bo tho last man to make c. sound, go to babbling about sensa tionalism. Why. sir—" " That will do, gentlemen," Baid tho judge, quietly but firmly, tor Mr. Lang wbb actually bounding about in bis anxiety to make bis r. ?'Oo on, sir," ho added, turning to the defendant, who during the disouseion bod husiod himself folding hia red handkorohief '?"since working for Messrs. ltockcr nnd Ooe," Cephas Lovo continued, ?? I havo been in tbo habit of walking to the store along lino Street oach morning from my boarding houfio, nt tho corner of Larkin ond James .Streets. On tho sixteenth ot June last, or it might have be- on tbo seventeenth, I noticod No. CG", after having been vacant for manymonths. waa about to bo tenanted. The next morning, and it wan a Friday, T rn momlier, my attention was ngein attracted to No. 8t;;t, and thia time by a very peculiar incident. The two windows on tho ground floor, where tho parlor waa evidently situated, wero draped with hoavy ourtaino of some maroon-colored stuff, after a fashion whioh used to bo in vogno for dining-roomo when I wus-a boy. Ad 1 was paasing tho bouso, tbo curtain iiciur mo wob drawn aside nnd a face peered out —Buch a faco na frightens a child in what ate called ito very ' bad dreams.' " ?? Deocribo ik, Mr.Lovo," e&id; tlio attorney " I can net," said thovritneze, patting out both hands in a KCetnro o£ repulsion that j was atraDEely energetic i:i a man ficemingly aq plaoid and uudomonstrtttivo; "it was m'oto ot n mack than a lace. Not one of tlio those grotepqaa mark*, you understand, but ono o>'utter vncuity—a tilr.nk, ou oiuptincEO, a boullubs nothing. The cyca wore bio-, wide open, wilh thu wliito Hhowiti? r.ll around tbo pupil between tbo fixed liiie. The ehcoke palo aii'l Hubby, the nnij a line, and tlio mouth balf open, with tbo lower lip dropping." Hero a strange tbinf; happened, for while took ou that of the creature ho woo delio e.tin(/, until in the place of the littlo old Kcuili'maii < f fi-uii clerical aspect there t.p. pound tho (lodJiin;; bead of n mowing iiiiot. l'tio red handkerchief lied been BnatcluU up I roru where it lay smoothly folded over on i..ia knee, and wae now grasped in both Imudo liko a ball. "I could only Beo hie face," said Lovo, dropping back, bo to speak, to himeolf, " bo ctiuso ho brought tbo curtains cloeo up about liio neck, liko ft garment—liko a dreesiug gown. After I hud moved on a fow paces, I turned around, for bo etrango wae tbo im precision produocd on mo that I can liken it to little leas than fascination.Tho face had not moved, but the grett staring eyeo weio ntill (lied on mo as the eyes of a portrait done in oil-painting always seem to be, no matter where tho observer may move. Moro than onco during tho day 1 found myself thinking of this vacant, fatuous face, and then toward tho afternoon I managed to dismiss it with tbo rceolation that it undoubtedly belonged to eomo poor, unfortunata being, whoso friends preferred to tako privato charge of him rather (.bun send him to an atylum, and that bis prcsenco at tho window was duo to tho temporary abeencu of thosa whoso duty it wns to look after him. But with all this comruon-Bonec view of tbo matter, I found myself stupidly excited and nervous as I drew near tho houco next morning. Well, eir—l mean, your honor—tho follow must havo been watching for mc, far as I oamo opposite tho windows again, a thin, whito hand parted the curtains and tha vacant faco was turned onco nwro upon mc. This timo, 1 though' thai the eyos, though fixed and wido open, bnd the light of a nasty umilu in them and that tbo drooping lowsr lip wae shot out in a grimace of oontempt. I hid a etout walk ing cano iv my hand," said tho witness, jumping up, "and I throutoned the fellow will) it in thia way." Hero ho uliook ont tho rod-Bilk handkerchief and waved it rapidly toward tho jury-box as though it wi:ro a danger signal. Ono of tho jurymen drew back, with a norvous start, nr.d tbo judgo looked ouriously at tho doluidaiitwit " Control youreelf, Mr. Love," eaid ho, " and tell your Btory as calmly as possible." " I will.your honor,"horepliod,with meek ness and an instant change of demeanor, although it was noticed thut great beads of perspiration had broken out on his forehead, and that, now and then, theso merged them selves one in tho other and then ran trickling down his faoo liko an overcharged rain-drop on a widow-pane. " Vnr two or three days I changed my way to tho ollice," ho continued, " and took another street, bo at to caaopa tho sight ot th s oppressive faco. It was a useless pro caution, however, for what had been a day horror now becamo a night-inaro. For tho first timo in my life, I becamo the victim of insomnia. Tho horrible, blank featurcj covered tho walls liko a patterned paper ; they wcro bb visible in tho darkness .is iv the light; they kept my cyce open and stared into them ; and they oovored mc liko waves roll ing over my bed. The void, mcaningleen faco iyob with mo in a hundred fantastic and distrck?ing shapes, and I felt that 1 could hate iilranglcd tbo beaat of a possessor had he florue within my grasp." Tbo liitlo man's voici: roao into a sorccch, the dull bluo eyes flimliru] liL-n a moving mirror, and his chest heaved, while ho twisted tho red-silk handkerchief iuto a scarlet rope. "On the morning of tho third sleepless night," h-? went no, sinking his voica into a court-room leaned forward as one man to hear what was being eaid-— '* on tho third morning, I gat up and determined to put an end to it all. 1 took cut a razor, threw back mycallor, in this way, and waa goiug to cut my throat, when the idea entered my head thut I would first go and equeezo tho lifo out of my tormenting devil, and thon oomo back and make away with myaelf. Dressing hurriedly,l ran down et&iruandinto; tho street. I was in front of No. tiii.'l, like a flash of doublc-greaEcd lightning. Quick as I was the montrouu villain was jest an qnick. Hack went tho curtain?, as though jerked by red Ziimicl him?elf, and out shot tho faca—a scarecrow that would frighten tho very blue birds of heaven. No doubt abont it, tho ghost-liko thing was mocking mo now— mocking my misery, mocking poor old mc, who had buen cursed by it for forty million years, i don't know what I said. Call them black, bad words. All tho blood rushed to my head, until ray c?is r..i.;; like ihe seven bells of Kingdom come. With ft one, two, three, I was in tho houso : and with a four, live, six, I wasequeoziny his windpipe—liko this." "Look out, judgo I" yelled Air. Lang, whilo a cry of horror rose from the people. Tnc judgo had been gently swinging him eels around in a qiiarter-circlo on his chair, looking keenly now at tho curious witneru, and now inquiringly at the prosecuting at torney. As ho swung round tbo last time, tho prisoner leaped out from his place, as though moved ny a etecl spring, and fluni; himself upon the judgo like a cat. The shock throw tho judga out of tho chair, and both went down together. Them were unarls andecrcame from behind the dcik, ami when tho builill readied him htui wound thu handkerchief around the judge's neck and was lugging at it liko n demcii. ' A dozen other rcscucr? wcroon hand the no zt in in tit?, but it took nearly tho wholo o[ their m\e frothinij mr-nino and cirry him down stairs to tho safer accommodation of the " lank?." " The Into Archbishop Tait wne onco etny" iug ai b. Bmull villoge iv Perthshire, lln ({i.ye iuatruolioDs for his letters to bo pent to tho local poet cfliue tobo called for. Oa the first day ol his arrival the ArchbicUop went down to tbo general nhop which aluo aid duty fur " Arc" thero any letters for ths Arohbifhop of Canterbury ?'" To this Iho otorekecper, without r.olunllv replying to tho question, said : " May bo you'Jl bti tliat purroon ycrccl'?" " Well," oaidtbo Archbiohup," ao it matter olfiot, I om." " W?ol," continued the pood man," I hnvo a eon, end he : .a in a chop in London, and ho told mc ?ha* he aiunt; ysed to St. I'aul'd Cathedral to hear yo proaoh, and ho was vorra nceleatilSed wi' yo." Tnu oorrolotion that .or a lonpt timo cm Bupposod to exist between the number o< '?nunular"riLi:a formed in tbo trunk nnd tho oro of tho Iron hu? broil refuted on the best of evidence. M. Clmrcnoy, the French explore* who visited the ruins of P,iloi:qui'. \T?v,rtr? r in lfir?i>. nun f*^!* 12 uHd tbercforo at an interval of 22 yearn, found tbat ibo trace that had besi! out by him in tho liret-nnmed year had, in tho abort spaeo of lesa tl.na an quarter of a contory grown now trunk? which exhibited no leas than U'3o of thoeo?O-oalled " annular ringo"—an nvor?RO of nearly 10 a your. From observationr niiiobyM BBn:=caara,itT7oalil?ijpi-iii lh,.t plants often form no leea than onn contrio crowth? in tho sntLQo of n vphtj two of whioh are aeually muah moro developed than tho romaindor, which appear to corrc? poud to a period of marimum circulatory activity. Diflldont Youth: "Why, yon nurely must know that I have a monatjicbo. OaD't voa boo it?" Sby Maiden: " You muoS romoinbor that I om very near sighted." 