THE EIGHT-OAR RIGS. TOTHB EBITOB. Sir— Aa coach of the Adelaide crew and an eye witness of the finest race that we have seeu rowed in South Australian waters I must take exception to the report that has appeared ia your paper and tbe way the Adelaide win has been discounted. I have tnken great interest in the towing of both crews and have read alt tte *' rowing notes.' and ia them the genera! opinion seems to have been that the Adelaide ?oiew had not tbe ghost of a chance. Firstly, beoauBe the Port crew bad been longer together and through favorable circamttaneea it tad not been necessary to ehift »cy of them trow where first Beated ; secondly, the PortB it was confidently affirmed bad for and away the best boat in the colony for the weather to beexpeoted on the Port Rivpr; thirdly, they had done all their rowing for the race on the water white tbe race waa to be rowed. What was the re sult? We Bee the Adelaides take the taa4 almost from tbe f tart, lead the way by a clear length acroBB tbe rough water where it was euppoeed the Ports wuufd save the advantage, and the only time where the Porta were ou at?) thing like equtJ terms with the Adelaides wes whtD No. 7 oKUght the crab referred to and they got a lead of three- quarters of a lenjrta. Although thig accident happened within 500 yards ot the fimshit-g pott, and No. 7 of tne Adelaideahad loat his Blide and wbb sitting on the bars, they not only pick up tbU three qoartets of a length, but win b? a length and a quarter in this snort distance. It is asked in the sub leader whether theic appearance at the fiawh was a gallery display ! Certainly not. It waB a dipplsy of eaoh determined rowing and Bach 4 brilliant finish as we will not see again for a lepg time. It is not a necessary principle in fmiidlj contests of this kind for a orew to cph how much it can beat the others by, but ta show that they can bold their own and get awoy whenever their stroKe asks them to, au3 this was plainly shown on Saturday, where many crewB would have given the race up as d foregone conclusion. 1$ will ahow young oars men that & race ia never lost till it is woo, and that they ehould place tfee utmost reliance oa and' watch their stroke. In regard to tha rerrarke by '* Oar,' I will give my opinions and my remaikB on the rowing and race, mention ing at tbe tame time that the ' Oar' is, as De knows, known to me. He asks on what earthly grounds was victory held a foregoaa concluBion for tbe Ports_ Secondly, what made the result bo opposite to expectation ? He answers these qneartom? himself, and I »i'l give tty acewera. It ia well known that our club nished thu raae to teke place later ia April, but as the University Oiub were taking the Port boat away on Thursday, tbe 25th, to Sjdnfy, our committee sooner than let t&a; raoe tall through agreed (hat- it should take place en tbe 21st, which ga'e our crew barely three wetks to get together ; but as«oon aa it was known that they hud arranged matter* the m«n went to work at once, although the Porte had had three weeka start. Knowing that tbe racea the club had held during t&e; season for junior and maidens had brought out several very good oaumen who were in * certain amount of teaming it was decided to try them. That they also pot implicit conti denoe in theic coach and stroke the result ban shown. My idea iB that the Port people did not think the Adelaides oonld get together their crew in time. Secondly, in regard to the boats I do not think there ever was a boat built other than the Fort boat for snob a sea- aa an running on Saturday. It has beett acknowledged that she is a good boat foe roug 1 water, and with the orew that was in her oa Saturday shipped very little water, while ths Adelaide boat, owing to her heavy orew, h»-l tbe water over tbe top of tbe inside keel, an 1 they had -all thisextra weight *o drag for m-» * than a mile, Atk any rowing expert or water man whioh would stop tbe way of the bw the moB's wind against the Oifth side or the esa wBehice BRainet tbe epiasbboatds that tr-~ Adelaide boat had ot' Tfaiswaa proved as soon as avy smooth water ww experienced, ia rter&rd; tn ictctnal Oifferenoes 'Oar' is mi teken. On taking eharge cf the crew; oSUa having slrpadj rpsigstsd hi' p^ace of cteoka t ? GraypoD. I noticed that Moss as No, 7 v*- naturally, owing to his length, cowing * longer oar than No. 8, and I, therefore, at onse fbifteo bios to No 5. aod placed AlLBO*t N - 7, tKaB SB^iBtitja me in getting Tnore toaqth on-. of the forward oars, * Oar' in his previous notes is wrong is stating that Mass droppei out fif tbe crew tbtcuplJ this ehanje, s«1 -stetingtfaat Alt«t «&»* better -and more effi cient carfxcftB w»« hardly f*'r, 'SS'oes to»d me tb»t be em n'f. wpit »xrtf did vot thiok-bp ?ccutd stand tte ptt^*r*t£oB X *t out *»ek efepttogedftBCli-ei mfw tot tb* place. Nj* Writ legBti tC tt-t FIVTBIC, § d-st«jC*«. Wftfi 'Oar.' In my opinion the form shown by our men was far and away better all through than the PortB. They sat np to their work better, got their weight on together, made use of their streps, and it was acknowledged by all who saw them working that their time was perfect. The principle that tbe Ports worked on waa to reach right ont. ThiB is all very well for fixed Beate or tuba, where a boat has to be drsgged along, bat for best boat rowing, each sb we have under review, it ia quite different. The men muet ait well up and take care not to overreach, and when striking the water get all their shoulder work on, taking care to hold their slides under them ; in fact, try and lift the boat over the water, noS drag her through, and uee their straps to bring tberceelves up for the next stroke, Any one who saw the race on Saturday eaw the two principles applied. Oae crew reaching right cut, makiDg no proper uee of their elides, and having to labor or wait for the boat to come to them before the weight could be applied ; the other getting the weight tbe instant the oar took the water. In regard to the Adelaides having another advantage after crossing tbe rough water there was ample room for. the Port boat inside of the Adelaide, and thia was their lookout. There ia no doubt that weight and age, coupled with form, was too muob for Saturday's race. In regard to the weights of the crewB I have taken tbe trouble to look up, come of the Port competitors, weights for previous races, and find that they are heavier than thoBe now given. Does this not prove that all competitors for comparisons of this kind should be weighed on the one scale ? In regatd to 'Oar's' last remark I think that they did the correct thiEg in not trying to make an exhibition of their competitors. — I am, &c;,, FRED. H. POOLE, Poach of the Adelaide orew, 