City Tabernacle. The Rev. "W. Whale proaohed to a largo ooDgrogation in the Oity Tsbernsolo yeatorday morning on the subjcot oi "Biblo Toaohing and Btato Education." Ho took as his toxt, "ThosoedistheWordof God. . . . That on the good ground ore tboy whioh iu on honest and good heart having heard tho Word keep it, and bring forth fruit " (Bukoviii. 11 and 16). He said that the sermon that morning was tho lost of n serioa on tho parablo of tho sower, and it fell eomowhnt suitnbly on the Bunday when spooial attention waa being oalled to tho snbjeot of Biblo toaohing an part of education. Ho would theroforo givo that direction to hia remurks. Many of thom know that his homo in tho old country was in Birmingham for somo years. Ho waa tbero brought up among tho political aud oduoational movements of a somowhut exciting time. Bir mingham was tho homo also of tho Eduoation League and tbo oontro of tho soonlar system of edaoation for somo years. The system of seoular teaohing for Stato schools and of volun tary religious toaohing, as in somo measure snpiiUmontary to tho seoular toaohing, was ttitd thoro undor ansplocs more resolute and moro efficient than it wan likely could bo tried oliowhero, and yot it was an acknowledged failure. Bio was ono of thoso who wero on prinoiplo oppoeed to State odnoation, hconuto it was a stop in Btato EOoiulism whioh interposed in tho relation of parents and ohild. Jt was ono thing to require parents to oduosto up to n miuimnm standard and quito another for tho Btato to tako np tho work of eduoating aa if it stood in tho plaoo of parents. The discussions of tho present day aroso largely out of tho unnatural und illogical position of tho wholo education system. On tho national schvol system, tho British sohool system, or tho denominational sohool system, thos# questions could not ariso. Any whorctnom- herod tho debates in tho British Purliumont aud in tho nation would know tho txuth und foroo of those remarks. But tho State eduoation system came into force, and oven then in Eng- lund the eohool boards were a purely local inflaenoo, and gave the people more diroot oon- trol of the administration, and tho ooneoionoe olauso left all parties froo to assert their rights. Seeing that hoard sohoois woro a foot, nnd had aoma to stay as nu institution, ha from tho vory passing of the Aot took a deop interest in them, first as a oantious guardian of tho righta of oonsoienco and as a believer that all the work of the Btato mnst bs seoular ; then afterwards, as ono who favoured tho Biblo reading, and on that tiokot ho beoamo a member of tho sohool board. He hud been deputed to investigate sundry matters oon- nootod with oduoation and hod had overy opportnnity of seeing and knowing tho working of a variety of sohoois. Tho board with wbioh ho had the honour to ho assooiatod hud as member a priest of tho Oatholio Ohnroh, and they had a large Oatholio population, quito as largo proportionutoly as that of Brisbano, snd in thoBO Btato sohoois they hud Biblo readingand the Lord's Pray or, and ho novor know auy dilfi- oulty nriBoon account oi thoBible reading. Thero were Jews, Catholics, and secularists, as woll as all Bootions of religionists of overy namo and notion. Moreover, thero was lees reason for Bible reading in Btate sohoois, seeing that thoro wet# Bible schools other than Stato sohoois to whioh ohildren oonld go. So fat as ha hud been able to observo tho oduoational work of Qnctnelaud, ho shonld say that tho gonorul standard of education was good, and tho teachers teamed to be an ctfioient and estim able class of pnblio servants whose personal iufluenoo should given good tono to the school; hnt the school board system ispreferablo to ths centralisation wbioh prevails in Qaeonalond, and the governmental tono in tho oolony ho regarded as being eomowbat anti-religious. The phyaioal und the intelleotucl woro attend od to, but tho excluding or ignoring of tho religious, or (he delegating of it in.o a soparato department, wae, ho thought, a fundamental error. It should not ho neodini to prove that Queensland youth wero moro oorrupt than others, as part of the discussion on the groat problem. All countries had a task enffloiently actions in training fatnro oitizens, and not tha lowest, bnt tho highest and best, shonld be inonloatod. Confessedly the young poople suffored from want of religions training, snd that seemod painfully evident to ell who wero oaro- Inl observers. "When the house was also the sohool, then religion was tho principal pact of education, and so indeed it should always be if thoy would avoid tho most painful ovilsof a olover but unprincipled population. Sunday sobools wcro formerly for roadiug, writing, oritbmotio, Ao., under religious aus pices and with added Bible teaohing. The seoular portion had been dropped from tho Sunday school system, aud the religious portion had hero been dropped from iU'J day :ehos! system, and the rigid separation of oduoation into religious and seoular was a mistake. Tho terms were not antagonistic, nod ought not to bo divorood. At present the religious motive Sower was pnt ont of the schools so fur aa tho cpsrtmeutal rules wcro oboyod. It would bo rregular to say that a lie was a sin against God; or to adviso, "Book yo first tha kingdom of God and Hia righteousness ;" or to toach, " Thou shall baro no other God but Mo," or any oi tho other commandments ; or to say, " Joy shall bo in heaven over one sinner that ropentoth;" or to sing, " God bo with yon till we meot again ;" or indeed any suoh things as might bo oallod roligious, referring to God and tho Bible for authority or for motive powor in daily duty. Ho then doait moro parti cularly with the toxt, arguing that good seed was nooeasory to tbo reaping of a good harvest, and that in seed as in all matters of lit# quality should be oboton in preforonoo to quantity. Aa ministers it was their duty to throw the seed brosdoast, aa it was not for them to judgo tho possibilities of harvest. Some of the seed may not yield anything, but with the best of eood and tho beBt of soil tho harvest wonld vary in quantity, but tho qnaiity being good they oould rrjoioo in tho thirty, or sixty, or hundredfold rotarn. On tho other hand, in tho harvest of ovil, any rosnlt waa to be doplored. Tho yonng heart should offer tho boat prospect of good results. All pooplo bolievod that youth was tho boot timo to roooivo impressions, honoe tho evil of ignoring the Biblo, and tho ovil of whatevor mado a wrong or coniuHod, or degrad ing, or lrivolous impression on tho mind. In oonolnding Mr. Whalo said ho know thoro woro differences of opinion on tho subject of tho Bible in Btato schools. He know by reports somewhat of tho oonfliots in Queensland in days gono by, and ho fully sympathisod with their motives, bnt ho had soon similar oonfliots, and had also soon the other sido of tho question worked successfully, and ho thought it was not for tho honour of God that literature suoh as tho Biblo should ho oxoludod from tho ourriouium of odnoation, or that other litera ture should bo mutilated, booauio it had tho Divine namo and toaohing in it. It was a pro fanity that good mon shonld not approve. It was a cruel Injustice to the young that thoro Bhould ho no prayer, no hymn or hoart tonoh with heaven in tbo exorcises whioh took np the timo Bnd strength of tho first and foundation part of thoir UveB. From the soodeotving of pbyeiaal'driUthoy hoped fornliarvest of musoular and aotivo men und women. From tho ssedsowing of the alphabot, and the numoration tables, and the Oopybook, thoy hopod for a harvest of read ing, onlonlating, and writing men aud womou. From the general mental diBaipltno they hoped for a harvest of koon and intolleotaal oitizens. But only from tho (Ford of God ooald they got tho harvest whioh wob tbo highest and noblest, that of sternal good in tho Kingdom of God, wbioh was " rightoouaacas, poaoo, und joy in tho Holy Ghost." 