AQUATIC MEMS. The proposal by Mr. G. E. Upward at the annual meeting of the, Victorian Bowing Association that in tercolonial contests, aooording to the Victorian definition of an amatsur— that is admitting manual labor — should be instituted between this colonv. South Australia, and Tasmania met. with general approval. Mr. 'Horeburgh, ef the Tarra Tarra Club, whtn speaking hi support of the proposal, seized the opportunity for speaking what he felt of the action of the New South Wales Association ia excluding manual laborers from the intercolonial contests. He designated th» New South Wales rowing men the ''white shirt brigade,' which created a little merri ment in a coterie of members who had been affected by the action complained of. The rowing saaednwaa opened on Saturday after noon on the Biver Yarra with a procession of boats, ia. which the following clubs were represented : Tarra Tarra (champions). Civil Service, Melbourne, University, Electric Telegraph, Basks, Boroondarra, Williamstown, Mercantile, Albert Park, Richmond, and EBBendon. In all there were 12 eights, 18 fours, and 216 scnllers afloat! The weather was very tmpleasant, occasional showers falling during the afternoon. v ? The first race of the new yacht club, the Sydney Flying Squadron, was sailed on Monday afternoon for prizes of JB5, JZ&, and £1, the course beine a nine mile one, and three timsB round, from a boat moored off Clark Island, round a nagboat oS Taylor Bay,, thenoe round Shark Island and back to fiagboat. The entries and handicaps were : Kanna nook, 26ft, Lottie, 24ft, and Begina, 24ft, scratch ; Oar Tom, 24ft5 2mia; Ghost, 24ft, 3min; and Violet, 2ift, 3imin. The limit boat, the Violet, was first away, and after the lapse of her handicap the Lottie, Begina, Kannanook, in the order named, Our Tom and the Ghost not starting. On the beat to Shark Island tha Lottie passed the Violet, while the Begina. oame op almost leveL The Kannanook then unfortunately carried away her peak halyards, and had to retire. Meanwhile the Lottie wsb still leading, the Begina and Violet making a capital race of it, and both gibed round the boat off Ciark Island together. The order at the boat in Taylor Bay ' was, Lottie, Begina, and Violet, which positions were kept round Shark Island, and the finishing tunes were : Lottie, 4h Slmin ; Beeina, 4h 41min SOseo ; VJiolet, 4h 32min. The three boats thns taking the prizes in the order named, and were sailed by Messrs. C. P. M'Connell, G. Patrett,. and G. ^Hohnes, jnnior. The *ace was witnesaed by a number of personB from Clark Island. . 