TWBAT I~ ITP TIlT INPFLUF~CB TIFAT EOOMRTIMEO OUIDES US AGAINST OUl WILLI "No, I do not boli?eo in ghosts, " said an ld lady of great experience, "but I do believe in tle ministration of spirits " 'Ihiis not the ago nor the country in whioh the supernatural flourishes Inter est centres abont thile practical. FHnanttd honses are rented without great diffculty if the landlord is willing to lrook of a portion of the rent 'here are many, however, who will admit the exertion at times of some pecullar influence swaying our notions, VWe are lead to do thlinas we ahould not do of oux own volitkn - this wisdom of whiels we do not npprooaitlo until afterwnards i then we a oader how wre camnlo to do them, W' are forced to lorn that worldly, wisdom is not always that which guides into the wisest courses. In tlhis practiral ago resn'ts ale lnhat peoplo are looking iftleS. T'lhey believe in lwhant tllhey see; the o"evidence of thlihga not sea n"'isto lbo wei.hod in the f tre., When a mnn is sick heo waits to get well: heo onares little nlhat nmedioltl nmoll d is employed if' It eOree, I'it if it oes Ilot cure heo eon I.egins to ldollbt tio kkill of tlo'physician, "nld in quiro. into hIis methods of mediention A Iapp?y thing it is sometimoes if como inllh ce Indloes ilrvestignlion bhefnrore it is too late Mlr; 1, W, 1, dtnnn'aon, of MrI. iounne, writer, 2's' Octol?or, 180i)-" -i)urint te ;pilt tt years . hls'oe bhni all 1a, pdiaqdhslly from IIn serlous nifelion qf Ils Iit riiye, aned in latter yecrs nv /0onsr lsit :hberiih m ror Itll, ie so , that I wn? freqtisatly seizd wi'hl inhbint, ptsk in Ih a tk I had often prs.l'iged hols niw he t his esult of liher' dlinrdtur For y?,nrs I thisb suffered, andnl 1 thought thiu lnirder p f ttllhU Ilidn:,ys andl liv j coalli brins abouiiit iat 10os eli tn disease, isnilly I tr'id thesl ol'sela is iF Warnor'as tisle sutre, na.lst suhnill tshens dii I ix,'l.. enae'.n sy sinilis;is''lon in yii conariths, ino itseof tubi ini*iells'te aes'dcil y scuisgiht a ut sit' ilusuige isict fists lioti 'sf i'llesti'i 'oI I I i1 ridi'ir ie , Nn, l l t ~tl r l r lliy SrWs'iitl, srf lidansllua Irs,' ti'ell ', ots l llr 11 0 rlllt+ l n.m lll' . ? Io~ I Wl!t.I r t el 01('1., I,?Is '" 1 h :I 1th Iiti'i l I' , Oi'4-s '.: u11,,0s ui rti .hreuOl 'i'i 5 tlisul . 11itroin reqiueniL ?tlinhis.(reitv?,l, oahlln r'to 11i1/allnhh, i tioss ,fg: lusjict, uisus a*' | igt s1 tiei'si lii, hus ; iii\'0 ornisisH e arl l0 cihis it' iii i slice inshhil qu'uis ,e alisig gh)u is sf uiti', Iiiuf sis lte II h ss, l l . Ihtdit I ll s ih t.sI ' li ts tiUss atodpr l jsiel J ?iagshItIjh at' ititslm evere nlture. y s uffriltinir was qui?k?Iv reloved w)lhi.n rowrling to Warnor's iafe • are, of ixhic I t(ok four lbottlles, when the neute pieins in .i dlu side, tn'and hy the colcestion cf the liver, ;eased, ewhilo my kidneys were restored t, hoelthy elion.,' 