THE HEIR PRESUMPTIVE AND THE HEIR APPARENT. NOW. FIRST PUBLISHED. All Rights Reserved. CHAPTER XXI. BY MRS. .OLIPHAKT, Author of "The Son of His Father," "Sib , Tom," " Oliver's Bride," Ac., Ac. i -< . _ i Tho baby was bom next morning, after a night which was terrible for all the household in' tho Park. Mrs. John left hurriedly after she .had called the attendants to Mary, who, slio said, did not seem well. She- got the brougham to drive hcrto the station, saying that she would not stay to add to tlio trouble of tbo bouse at such a moment, but begging tlie butler to send her a telegram as soon as there was any news to tell, " which will not bo long," she said. . I think she did feel a little guilty ns she drove away. It was, one might say, Lctitia's first orime. Sho had dono many things that wero very doubtful, and sbe hnd not been very regardful of her noigiibor generally, nor loved him as herself. Yet she bad never addressed herself to a fellow creature with an absolute and distinot intention to do harm before. And she was not comfortable. Sbe tried to reassure her self that she had spoken nothing but the truth, and that thoy deserved nothing better at her liands, but still she was not easy in her mind. Slio could not got out of her eyes the sight of Mary huddled up in her corner, with nothing but a gasping breath to show that sho was alive; nor could she help asking herself what might hp r»>» vho herself harried thrssMh the softly falling night, getting away as fast as sho oould from the houso in wliioli that drama of life or death was going on. Sho had heard tlie scream that Agnes gavo as she went in with her candle. In tlie urgency of attending to Lady Frogmore no ono noticed Sirs. John run ning so linstily down stairs. Nobody, sho said to . herself, would think of identifying hor with it, whatever happened. And nothing would hap pen. Oh no, no. No such chance. Tliey had constitutions of iron, all those -Hills. And why should it harm 3Iary or any ono to hear what was tho simple truth ? . It was a dreadful night at the Park. Tho old lord wandered up and down like an unquiet spirit unable to rest. Rogers, who was moro shocked than words could say by an - exhibition of feeling which went against all the -laws of health, endeavored in vain to get him to go to bed. " For you can do no good, my lord — none of us can do any good. Things will take their course, and tlio medical man is here. My lady would be most distressed of all if she knew that yon wero losing your night's Bleep, which is the most important thing, more important even than food. . I do entreat your lordship to go to bed. I'll sit up and bring the first news — the very first, if you'll go to bed, my lord." "It is easy speaking," said Lord Frogmore — " you're a good follow, Rogers. Go to bed your self. It's my turn to sit up to-night." "But it don't affect me— and it will affect your lonjship— and what will my lady say to me when she knows." Oh don't speak to me," cried tho old lord with tlio water in his eyes. : " I'll give you a sovereign for every, word she says to you, when she's able to tako any notice, Rogers, either of you or me. " " That'll be to-morrow, my lord," said the man, " and I know her ladyship will nover put faith \- in me again. But at least you'll take your beof tea." Lord Frogmore pushed him away, and- bade him take-tho beof tea himself and coddle him self up a» he had dono his master so long. As for himself hekepttrottingup and downstairs all the night. It was far too late at 69, - after taking such care of himself, to begin this life of emotion and anxiety ; and the -morning light, when it stole in through ail the closed shutters, flouting tho-oandles, and poured down tho great staircase, making the lamp-in the hall look so foolish, made sad game of the old lord's rosy -face, gonerally so fresh and smooth. But, happily, ease came with the morning, and the best of news ; a boy — and nil very quiet, and every prospect that everything . would go well. Lord Frogmore was allowed to peep at the top of a small head dono-up in flannel, and at' the mother's pnle face on tho pillow, and thon ho resigned himsolf to Rogers to bo put to bed. But he was now so overflowing with delight that he chattered like an old woman to his faithful servant. " Rogers," he said, " you've heard it's ahoy?" "Yes, my lord, and I wish you every happi ness in him," Rogers said. "I nm nfraid my wifo will bo disappointed," said Lord Frogmore, "she's so fond of my little nephew, little Duke. She would rather it had been a girl for that. Poor littlo Duke ! Now he's quito out ot it, tho little shaver." And Lord Frogmore laughed. He was sorry for Duke, or nt least would have been had thoro been room in him for anything but joy. "Did lever tell you, Rogers, what that little follow said tlio first time I wont to Greeupnrk, eh? He said, 1 'When you're dead papa will be Lord Frog more, and when papa's dead, me.' Poor little shaver 1 Ho was too cocksure," said Lord Frog more ngain with a triumphant laugh. " It'll make a deal of difference to him, my lord." " Yes, it'll make a deal of difference. But they couldn't expect me to consider them boforo myself," said Lord Frogmore. "A man likes to liavo a heir of his own, Rogers — a son of his own to como af tor liim." "Yes, lio do, my lord," Rogora said. "A mnn loves to havo a heir of his own," re pented tlio old lord with a beaming face — " his own flesh and blood — his own bod to sit in his place. That's what a m&u; prefors before every thing, Rogers." " Ho do, my lord," Rogers once more re plied. " You put up with it when you can't help it ; but a son. of your own to oome after you, Rogers !'' " Yes, my lord— if you'll drink this while it is hot, and got into hod." "Yo.u're a sad martinet, Rogers. I don't believe you mind a bit, or care, whethor it was a girl or a boy. I'll have no beef ten. I'll have somo champagne to drink to tho heir." "Oh, my lord, my lord ! You'll havo one of your, attaoks ; and then what will her ladyship say to me ? " said the much troubled Rogers, to whom his old master was generally so obodieut. It was enough to drive a man who had tho responsibility, whom everybody looked to, out of his mind. At ld9t, however, tho old lord was got to bod, and after his exhausting night had a long and sound sleep. But bofore Lord Frogmore awoke agitating rumors had already begun to run through the house. Nobody quito knew what it was ; but it began to bo rumorod that lier ladyship was not doing so well as was expected, that sho was in a bad way. "Whether it was fever or what it was nobody would tell. A consciousness of such a fact will breathe througli a house or oven a oountry without either details or certainty. Tho doctor's faoc, . as he enmo downstairs, his lingering after it was clear he was no longer wanted, an oxclamation, surprised from the lips of ono of tho ladies or even a gravity in tho aspect of tho nurse, to whom a curious house maid had handed in something that was wanted, eaeli supported and strength ened the other. Not so well as might be expoctod. When Lord Frogmore nwoke it was afternoon, for he had slept long in tho satis faction of his bouI and tho calming of his fears, and ho saw a revelation in the face of Rogers when questioned how my lady was. Rogers lied with liis lips, or at least ho brought forth witli a littlo difficulty the usual words ; but Lord Frogtnore could not be deceived by his face. Tlio old gentleman rose with a suddou chill at his heart and dressed hurriodly and hastened to his wifo's room, whore ho could see tliey wero reluctant to admit him. Mary was lying with a clouded counteimnoo, not liko herself, not asleep as thoy said at first, but muttering to horsolf, and tlio faces of hor sistor nnd tho nurso who wore watohing by lifer wero very anxious. " Sho wants something. What is it she wants ?" said the old lord, anxiously. The experienced nurso shook her head with an ominous gravity, and Ucggod that the poor lady might not bo disturbed. "They are like tkai< somotimes," she said, " till they get a good sleep. ' "But what is it? What" is it she wants? Get her what she wants," said Lord Frogmore, going to tlie side of the bed. JInry saw him, for sho moved a little and raised her voice. " It is a girl— it is a girl— Boy it is a girl. Say— say it is a girl !" She looked at him with a piteous appeal that broke his heart. Ah nog she did not know him) She appealed to him ao a sane man, as one who oould satisfy her. "It in a girl— you know— you know it is a girl 1" she cried. Ths heart of the poor old lord swelled to bursting.' This was all as new to him as if he had been a bay-husband, disturbed, yet so joy ful and proud. "No, Mary," he said ; " no my tfoar. It's a beautiful boy. The thing I desired most in the world was this heir." JInry gave a shriek that rang through all the house. She got up in her bed, her faee con vulsed with horror'iind' terror. "No, no," sho erfed ; " no) no, 'no. The heir— not 'tlio "heir — not the be'r. Oh, take it away. Didn't you hear what she said : It will grow up an idiot and kill us. Tako it away— take it away. " " Mary !" cried the old lord, taking her hand, " Jlary ! This is that wretched woman's doing that has frightened her. - Mary, my love, it is your own child ; a beautiful child. Our son, the boy I wanted, Mary." Mary snatched lier hand from his. She shrank away from him to tho other edge of the bed. "No, not a boy — no, no, no! — no heir I — there is an heir," she cried, clutching at tbo woman who stood on the other side, as if escaping from a danger. "He doesn'tknow — he doesn't know." she cried, fiibging herself upon the nurse. "It will grow up cn idiot and kill me. Do you hear ? Do'you hear ? Say it's not so — oh, say it's not so !" " No, no, my poor dear lady, no, no ; it's as you wieh, it'll be all you wish," said the nurso, hold ing the patient iu hor arms. And Jlary clung to tho woman, holding her fast, whispering in her car. Lord Frogmore stood with piteous eyes and saw Ilia wife shrinking from liim, talking to the woman, who bont over her, with tho dreadful whispor of insanity, which meant nothing. Was this what it had como to— all the pride and tri umph and joy ? The old lord stood with his limbs trembling under him, his old heart sore with disappointment and cold with terror. His mild Jlary ! What had changed her iu a moment in tlio illusion of happiness to this frenzied sufferer ? When ho saw that she kept hiding her head in the nurse's breast, cling ing to her, ho withdrew sorrowful and subdued to where Agnes sat by the fire with the little bundle of flannel on hor lap. Sho was crying quietly undor her breath, and looked np at him as - he came towards her with sympathetic trouble. "They say," she whispered, "that it's often so just at first when they want sleep. Ob, don't lose heart." " It's that accursed woman," ho said under his breath. " Ob, I hope not — I hope it's only — she will be hotter when she lias slept. Look at him, poor little darling," said Agnes, unfolding the Bhawls. Lord Frogmore cast a troubled glance at the poor littlo hoir, who seemcdabouttocosthim so dear. Ho had no heart to look at the child. He crept out of the room afterwards feeling all liis years and his unfitness, a man near 70, for the cares and responsibilities of a father. A father for the first timo in his seventieth year. And Jfary, Mary ! So soon was triumph changed to terror and woe. The doctor gavo him a little comfort when he came. He said that such cases wero not very rare. So great a shock and ordeal to go through acted ou doiioate nerves and organisation with a force thoy wero unable to withstand, and sometimes tho . mind was pushed off its balance. There would be nothing to be alarmed about if this state should continue for a week or two or even more. It was not very uncommon. The doctor had various instances on his tongno as glib as . if they had been a list of patronesses at a balL Nothing to be afraid of ! It would pass away, ho declared, and leave no . sign. As for tho interview with Jfrs. John, ho did not think that had anything to do with it ; thero was quite onough to account for it without that. He.thought it best that Lord Frogmore should keop out. of the way, not to distress himself with so melanoholy a sight. Yes, it was distressing and melanoholy ; but soon it would pass over, and bo like a dream. The old lord was com forted by this consolatory opinion, for th"e first hour very muoh so, hoping, as he was told to hope, that in d few days all that alarmed him might bo over, and his wife restored to hiim But he was less confident at night, and still less onfident next day. Indeed he wanted constant assuranco that everything would soon be woll. Ho flagged almost immediately after the new hope had been formed with him, as every day he stole into his wife's room, and every day came downstairs again with the horrible conviction that thero was no improvement. Poor Jlary i her very face seemed changed; it was haggard and drawn, and her eyes so wistful and so watchful, shono upon him like stars, not of hope but of misury. Oil, tho terror in them, and the watch fulness ! For some days she was afraid of him, and turned to tho nurse from him, as if to hide horsolf from his look. But by-and-byo she becamo quiet, supporting his presence, but keeping., always a watchful eye upon him; supporting liim, and enduring liis presence. Oh, what a tiling to say of Jlary, his gentle wife, his happy companion ! The hears of tho old lord sank lower and lower as those dreadful days went by. Chapter XXII. To describe tho state of the Park under the effect of this event would bo very difficult. It changed altogether in the most curious way. Indeed, Lord Frogmore's country seat had gone through several transformations of late. Nothing could havo been more composed, moro orderly, aud perfect than it had been undor the sway of Jlr. Rogers and JH. Upjamos, the respcotable valet and butler who had organised tiie lifo of tho bachelor lord into an elegant comfort nnd tranquillity which was beyond praise. Everything had gone upon velvet in those haloyon days ; not a sound had even Beon hoard to disturb tho calm, save the sound of conversation among .tho well chosen visitors or of a cheerful fire burning, a thing which could uot be reduced to absolute subjection. There had never been any hitch in tho arrangements ; not oven a crumpled rose leaf on a couch. The servants moved about liko polite ghosts, noise lessly warding off every annoyance. It had beou a model of a luxurious bouse. Then tliero had como a strango modification when tlie brido was brought home, and the entire dwelling had recognised her presence with mingled distrust and affection and pride. Tho flutter of women's dresses about the pi&co; and women's voices had been at first difficult for tho old servants to bear, who had always hitherto kept the women strictly in their proper places, there being no housekeeper — for Mr. Upjamos was moro than equal to that office — and only a meek cook to make any division of au thority. Rogers and Upjames had; however, ou tho whole, taken kindly to Lady Frogmore, who did not attempt to mako any fundamental changes, and who always was exoeedingly civil, nnd not jealous of thoir authority ; and thoy wero olatcd to think that their old lord, at 68, was equal to tako upon him all tho responsibilities of life as if he had been 30\. The mild timo of Jlary 's reign had therefore only added a little brightness, a littlo ornament, a gentle gaiety to the well ordered house. Rogers himself had grown younger, ond Jlr. Upjames added a grace to his perfect manner. Tho butler had been heard to acknowledge before that he did not feel equal to tackling the ladies, but he made no suoh ack nowledgment now. Lady Frogmore reconciled them to tho feminino sex, and tho Park gained a certain consequence and liberality and light. It was not so completely centred in tho task of making exquisite tho comfort of its own master. It began to have thoughts of other people and other thiugs. But now ! The house became at a touoh the saddest house. All the groat sitting rooms lay empty, like a sort of vestibule to tho rooms upstairs, in which trouble and sorrow . dwelt. Lord Frogmore came and went with a troubled face. His marriage had not changed his habits much. . Ho had taken all the old iirccautions to keep in perfect lroalth. His beef tea and his baths, and tlio certain amount of walking which lie preferred any day, and every one of his sanitary regulations had been fully observed as before. But now ho cared nothing for any of tlic.se things. He . walked about all day, going put in jibe morning after breakfast, and wander- ingj-aimlossly -about, instead of his habitual britjv constitutional. ' But when he came in, in- stead or going to the library tb write his letters oi>:read his papors, all that he did was to walk up stairs to" the door of'his wifo's room to see it there wo3 any change. He came in always with a little hope for the first few weeks, confidently expecting eacli time lie asked the question tci .hear that -she was. better. But after that hilt countcnanco chnuged. , He became very grave, scarcely .smiling, Beldom _ speaking to anyonei, Evcrytime ho came, in he went up stairs with '"She same question ; but thero was something ' spiritless in his look, in liis step, in his aspect generally, which made you feel that ho hnd given up'expecting a good reply. And when the poor little baby, who was thecauso of all this trouble, was brought out to take tho air and walked about in its nurse's arms up and down the avenuo, the old lord would walk up aud down, too, accompanying tho group with a look of sucli melancholy in his faco as was like to break the spectators' heart. Tho baby, it was allowed on all hntuls, Was very delicate. Tho flannel shawls, and white nrnl fine, were scarcely opened a little from its tiny taee to lot in tho sunny atmosphere, aud with never a smile on his thin old face the father would walk beside it up and down, up and down. Poor little thing 1 and poor old gentleman ! they were at the opposite extremities of human feebleness, and they fully oounted life which should have linked them together was not theirs. Lord Frog more did not look much at his little boy. Ho was afraid of the child lest something should happen to it. It was to him rather a part of the substantial nurse who carried it, and in whose powerful arms it was safor than anything belonging to him. And yot lie walked by its sido with his brisk step subdued, liis head cast down, a melancholy lnngor about liirn. The starch seemed to have gouo out of his collar, -his ohceks so rosy ami Arm had grown limp. To see him turning up and down, up and down by tho sido of that infant was enough to break anyone's heart. Sleanwhile to poor Mary thoro cnine but little change. Sho did not recover as tho dootor had promised. She had nothing that could bo called b recovery at all. She kept her bod because apparently she hnd no desire to get up. And sometimes she would hold long conversations about baby clothes and the like with the nurse, rationally enough, as if her mind was able to occupy itself with ordinary duties. Sometimes even she would allow tho baby to be brought to her, and ery over it. " Poor littlo thing 1" she would say, "if that is to bo its fate; oh, it is .not tho little thing's fault. I might he to blame, but it couldn't be to blame. Oh, poor .little thing. I'll not cry out if you kill me, poor baby. It will not be you, hut dreadful, droad- ful fnto." "Oh, my lady, don't talk liko that. Tho child will grow up to bo your comfort and joy." " Listen, then," said Mary ; " it's only to you I will toll the secret ;" and she would put her lips to the woman 'b ear and whisper that eager, anxious, busy whisper that meant nothing. And when this secret communication was com pleted, Mary added in her ordinary voice, " So you see we cannot help it, neither ho nor I. Oh, to think he should have been born only for this, nnd to put everything wrong. Take it away, take it away," she would cry suddenly, her voice rising to a scream, thrusting the poor child into the nurse's arms. And then she would draw the nurse to her and whisper again "Tell him, tell him," she said ; but tho whisper was never intelligible, and the look which tho poor old lord gave her made tho unfortunnto nurse lose her head altogether. " Oh, my lord !'' tho woman said, and Mary nodded her head -with satisfaction, as if evorytliing was being explained. Lord Frogmoro would turn away iTaore wretohed than ever, unable to elicit a word or hardly a look which reminded of her i .former self, and went down stairs to pace up i and down the library, up nnd down, paying no inattention to anything. Never was there a more .sod house. Agnes, who remained with her sis- !' ter, though Mnry took no notice of hor, would Bteal down after those dreadful interviews to comfort the poor old gentlomah. "Sho will ; not speak to mo at all," said Agnes, weeping. ' " She thinks I am a stranger. I don't think .Bhe knows' me." ' ' " What is She always whispering ?" said the old lord. "There must be something in that, Tho nurse ought to mnko out what it iB. por. bbps she wants something. Perhaps we might find some way to work if we could hut know what that , whisper was ? 1 don't think you should stand upon a point of honor, but try — try to understand what she says." " Ob, . doar Lord Frogmoro, " cried . Agnes with tears in her eyes. "It is nothing, I don't think she says words at all." Lord Frogmore in his tronble ignored this speeoh. " Yon should not be puntillious," ho said, walking about the long room with short agitated steps. "It may be a matter of life and death. You should make every effort to understand what your dear sister says." And it was by a sort of pitiful understanding between them that Agnes said no more. Ho know as well as she did that poor Mary's whispered communications were unintelligible —but he would not allow it to bo said. He preferred to blame someone for an exaggera ted point of honor in not listening, not un derstanding. Such voluntary miscomprehen sions are among the most piteous, subterfuges of despair. It cannot be supposed that Mary's condition and the sad change in the house could belong ignored by Letitia, whose every faculty was on the alert to know what, if anything, had followed her last dreadful attompt against tho unfortunate mother of tho heir. Le titia was as yet inexperienced in what may be called crime. She had never, as has been said, knowingly assailed the life or reason of a fellow oreaturo before — and she had not had any certainty that her attompt would he successful. It was not exactly like a knife pr a revolver. Letitia was very well aware that suoh operations as she had carried out upon Mary would not in the least have affectod licr- Belf — and, therefore, sho felt herself justified in ignoring the possibility of serious harm. But when tho nows wns brought to hor, whispored with bated breath, tliat Lady Frogmoro's mind was affected, indeed that she was mad, which was tho succinct way of stating tho matter, Letitia was so much startled and horrified that she oried — which did her great good with her husband. John had been uneasy at the vche- liemence of his wife's hatrod of Mary iu hor now exaltation, and when he saw her suddenly burst into most real tears his good heart was touched, aud he felt that lie had been doing her injus tice. He. got up from his scat in his compuno- tion, and went to his wife and caressed and soothed her. " You must go over and inquire, Letitia," he said. And once more Letitia was so moved by genuine horror that, anxious though sho was to know everything, she held back from doing this. "Oh, John," Bhe said, "I did perhaps say somothing that was too strong when I know what her sohemings had come to. They might not like mo to go. " " I havo always told you, Letitia, I did not think there was any scheming about it. But .anyhow Frogmore would bo pleased — he would .see that we bear no malice Of course, I felt it at.tlie first just as you did, '.'said the unconscious John. "The child," said Letitia, " is very delicate, too." She could not help stealing a glanco at John under her eyelids to seo whothor he would respond. "1'oot people 1" said John, "or rather poor- old Frogmore, to put off so long nnd then have suoh a sad timo of it. I'm very sorry for tho poor old fellow." "He had no right todo niiything of the kind," Letitia cried. "Well, it was hard upon us," said John with a sigh ; " but I've made up my mind to it now. You had better go over to-morrow and ask how she is." Letitia was very eager to go to see with her own eyes what was tho condition of affairs, but yet it was not without difficulty that sho per suaded herself to return to the house where her last visit had been so disastrous. It was now September, and the days were beginning to get short, but this time She took no bag nor had she the least intention of staying over uight. An hour Would ho enough, Bhe thought, to hear ail she wanted and see what she could. But ber sense of guilt would not bo subdued as she approaohed tho house aud reMemberod how sho bad fled away from It six weeks before, having done alt the harm that it was possible to do. Sho bad no intention now of doing any harm ; oh no, no ; only to inquire and if practicable see for her self what prospeot of sanity there was for Mary or life for her boy. Whon she met in her progress tip jhe'dvenue in the fly she hid hired at .the station the iittle pathotio group above described, then'urse carrying the infant and Lord, Frog more marching melancholy at its side, alio hurriedly stopped and sprang out, feeling tnatj Lord Frogmore was' likely to be more easily dealt with than Agnes, whoso feminine instincts would divine her objeet. But Letitia did not find that a very gracious reoeption awaitod hor. Lord Frogmore looked ont with a little Irritation as the cab draw up. Ho evidently thought a visitor an impertinence. When he was compolled: by his sister-in-law's eagor and excessively- affec tionate accost to stop in bia walk and spoak. to her, a gleam of angry light came into his oyos. ' " Ob, it is you, Mrs. John!" ho said. "Oh, Frogmoro," oried tho lady, "how is Mary? I could not rest when I heard how ill sho was till I had come over to seo for myself." "I do not know," said Lord Frogmore stiflly, "how ill you may have hoard sho was : hut I don't wonder that you should wish to seo for yourself." 'ii:"No: can youwomlor? Wo have been like sistors almost all onr Hvcb." Though Letitia quaked at tho old lord's tone, she felt that it wns tho wisest way to ignore all offence. "Sisters, if nil talos are true, are not always tho best of friends," Baid Lord Frogmoro. " Familiarity interferes with the natural bounds of good breeding. I think, Mrs. John, that I must nsk you not to go any further — or at least not to insist on seoing Lady Frog more." " Is she so very bad ?" said Letitia in a thrill ing whispor. "No," he said with irritation. "I did not say sho was very bad. I said I could not admit visitors who— perhaps might forget what is duo to a delicate and sensitive woman. " "I did not know," said Letitia with an injured air, " that I was so little worthy of confidence. I am very sorry that Mary is so ill ; so iB John. We both felt we could not rest without knowing personally how muah or how littlo of what we hear is true." "And what do you honr?" Lord Frogmore, though ho felt it his duty to defend his wife, was not willingly ungracious, nnd felt it of nil things in tho world tho most diflioult to shut his door in nnyone's face. His courage failed him whon Letitia put fortli so reasonable a plea — "Oh, Frogmore," said Mrs. John, "what is the uso of questioning and cross- questioning Tell me how dear Mary is ; that is all I want to know." He was shaken in his resolution, but still triod to ho stern. " What did you say to her," ho asked, " tho last time you woro here !" " What did I say to her ? Oh, a hundred things ! aud she to mo. Wo talked of how won derful it wns, and how muoh may comofrom tho smallest event ; that if I hnd not one day met her in the Acadomy, nnd asked her to come and stay with me, you might nevor havo met her, and all that has happened would nover have been. That was the last thing wo talked of. Is it supposed it did any harm that talkbetwoon Mary and me ? Oh, Lord Frogmore, people must ho malignant indeod if they can find any harm in that." " I don't know that thero was any harm in it. It depends upon how a thing is said, whether thore iB harm in it or not." " I know," said Letitia, " that I have enemies in this house. I know Mrs. Hill and Agnes. Oh, Agnos is spiteful ! Sho nover wishes to see Mary with me. She thinks I .put her against thorn, as if I would ever interfere between a woman and her own family. But, Frogmore, you know what women are. They are jealous ; they aro spiteful ; they nover lose an opportu nity to whisper against one that has dono better than themselves. I know very well what it is that turns yon against me. It is Agnes Hill that has put things into your head. " , "No," he said, but doubtfully, feeling that to think so badly of his brother's wife was very inconvenient, aud that perhaps after all it was Agnes who had put it into his head : sho had not said much, but it might be she who had suggested it, for it was according to ail the tenets with whioh he was acquainted that a woman should be spiteful, as Letitia said. He hesitated a great deal as to what ho should do ; whethor he should hold by his first resolution to allow Letitia to come no further ; or whethor it might porhaps bo nn awnkening thing for Mary -to see her. Letitia followed him with soft and noiseless steps while ho pursued this thought, and then sho said suddenly, as if slio could contain hersolf no longer, "Surely,- at least, .thore can bo no reason why I should not see the dear ohild." Sho took the baby out of tho nurso's arms as she spoke, and deftly, with practised hands, folded down the coverings in which it was wrapped. The mother of five children knew how to handle with case and mastory, whioh made tho old lord wonder and tremble, the little fragile, new born baby, whioh to him was an object-so wonderful. " If I wore you, " said Letitia to the nurse, " I would not have the child covered up so. The air will do him nothing but good. Throiv off all your shawls and let him broatho tho good air. I am sure his mothor would say so if sho were here." ' Letitia, at least in that action, meant no harm to the ohild. She said it as sho would have done to any ignorant cottagor who half smothored her baby to keep it from cold. But while she held the infant in her arms, and put down hor oheok upon its littlo dark, downy head, an impulse that was horrible came over her. Oh, tho littlo interloper 1 — the child so undesired, so unnecessary — who had taken her children's inheritance from them ! To think that a little pressure more than usual, a little more close folding of the shawls, and it would -stand in Duke's way uo more. The thought made her strain towards her with a Buddon throb of almost savage oxcitement tho little helplOBS atom, who could nover tell oDy tale. (To be continued, i 