From Bridget O'Brien, Esq., to "Ees Cloches de Gorneville " is rather a complete transition—musically, anyhow—.and Mr. Sheridan was very courageous to undertake it with his light and airy company. Still, with the assistance of Warwick Gainor and Miss Annie Nelson, and the fact that everyone was well up in their lines, Planquette's pretty opera went smoothly and was enjoyable enough. No doubt the piece was put on for the purpose of affording Mr. Sheridan an opportunity for characterization in the part of the miser Gaspard, but there is not sufficient scope for an effective display, as he only has a couple of scenes of any account in the whole three acts. Then Quiz wishes that Mr. Sheridan would not look so ghastly. There is no need to make a mean old hoarder as repulsive looking as a ghost. We have some bally mean misers in Adelaide, and they are not such horrible sights as all that. * * * As for the rest, Warwick Gainor sings excellently, and if he would only learn how to fling himself about on , the stage he would be a baritone artist fit for any lyric- company. The part of Serpolette is, of course, en trusted to Gracie Whiteford. Now, Gracie is a charming petite actress, pretty, full of life, and her every movement is graceful (no joke—110, really) ; but her voice—managed as it is with still—is not up to the quality necessary for prima donna parts. As Serpolette she is a miniature of Nellie Stewart. If Mr. Simonsen could act he would be an acceptable Grenicheux. His Voice is good, but he is an awful stick. The only other character that deserves notice is the Germaine of Miss Annie Nelson, M Adelaide, who now for the first tinie invites criticism as a professional Quiz will put it in a few words. With careful study Miss Nelson will fill good parts creditably. Her voice is fresh and flexible, and all she wants is to study expression and stage deport ment. A few lessons from Gracie Whiteford would be invaluable. "Les Cloches de Corneville" will run until this evening, and Bridget will resume her laughter-making factory to-morrow. On Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thurs day "Black-Eyed Susan" will be produced. * :k : " From Life," "by Wybert Reeve (comedian), is an unpretentious yet highly interesting little volume just published by Geo. Robertson & Co. Mr. Reeve in his sketches deals mainly with the stage and with actors and actresses whom he has met at different periods, and he always has something ips aay which arrests the attention. Hik recollections of Charles Matthews, Wilkie Collins, and other celebrities are well worth perusal; in fact, there is not a dull page in the whole book. Mr. Reeve has so many good stories to literary sea once again, and he may .... ' ' i '4 2 3. ? f safely reqkon on casting anchor in th& harbor of popularity. Mr. Guy Boothby's new play^ " The -vTonquille," will be produced at the Theatre Royal on Friday and Saturday next week. * * * Tommy Hudson's smile is perennial. Night after night Garner's Rooms are thronged by people anxious to witness his complete little show, and as he always has something fresh on hand, he fully deserves the popularity he enjoys. The grouping of the British colors, as an appeal to patriotism, is not quite awe-inspiring, but Bent's " History of England" will put you in a good humor. Bent is beyond question one of the finest negro comedians on the stage. Hudson's own comicalities, the banjoistic effusions of Miss Nellie Arline, and the admirable piano performances of Miss May Habgood, must be heard to be properly appreciated. You will not regret your investment of three shillings in Hudson's " Influenza remover." The fiftieth night has now been reached. * * Last Saturday night's popular concert was as great an artistic success as most of its predecessors, and the programme announced for to-morrow evening should satisfy the most fasti dious taste. Mr. Armes Beaumont and the Adelaide orchestra are the leading attractions. * * "Large numbers of the curious have visited the fasting man at his lair, 67, Rundle Street, since he set him self on July 28 the task of upsetting medical fads and antiquated theories on the subject of how to live on nothing a day and make money. Saturday will complete his eleventh day, during which he has let nothing pass his lips except Torrens un diluted, and that share of dirt which is his due out of the two pecks allotted to man during his wander ings on this sphere. Among his patrons are a large number of ladies, and the medicos and students hover round him at intervals, , bringing with them tapes, thermometers, second hand watches, and no end of head shakings and preconceived theories. One' of the regular callers is also a well-known undertaker. • Tanner will fast faster and faster as the days progress towards September 5, and then—but this is premature. * * * This year the S.A. Poultry and Dog Society have secured the Jubilee Exhibition Building on North Terrace for their annual show, and this is a great improvement on the old Exhibi tion grounds. The poultry coops have been nicely arranged in the main hall, and as the walls and pillars are well decorated the display will be more pleasant for ladies. Over 100 entries have been received. Lords Kintore and Jersey with their suites will visit the show at 3 o'clock on Saturday. * * * Dampier, after many years' absence, will visit Adelaide for a short season, commencing on August 17, at the Theatre Royal, with a series of novelties in dramas, which he and Garnet Walch, the well-known journalist- author, have written in con junction. Mr. Dampier brings his full company and complete scenery. V -r -v Snazelle, with his attractive enter tainment of " Mirth, Song, and Story," will shortly visit Adelaide, and give a season under the management of Monty Browne. Monty Browne, than whom no theatrical agent is better known in Australia, has determined to make Adelaide his future home. There is a good opening for an agent like him self, so au fait in his business and so popular. Ghampion bicyclist Smith is trying to arrange to give a series of his exhibitions in Adelaide, either on the Oval or the Exhibition Buildings. * " The County Fair," in which there is a great racehorse scene in which the horses by mechanism are made to do the distance on " time," is having its last nights in Melbourne, and after a Victorian provincial tour will come on to Adelaide * * * Williamson's Opera Company are now finishing up in Brisbane, after which they return to Sydney for six weeks, and thence come on to Ade laide, while "Evangeline" goes to Brisbane. * * * Ida Osborne has ceded from Wil liamson's Opera Company, and her place has been taken by an amateur, MissLoel. * * * "Willing Hands and Honest Hearts," with the great J. L. Sullivan in the cast, has been a great "frost" in Sydney. Stacey's " Hans the Boatman Com pany " were at latest playing to excellent houses in Freemantle, Western Australia. The dog " Lion " was attracting considerable attention. "Lion" is really Gabo, who was lately the property of Mr. C. Edgecumbe, of North Adelaide, and the winner of quite a dozen prizes in the St. Bernard class. 