1Rovclist. In Lovo's Crucible.i By .BER'.l4 :L CLAY CIAPTER SS\'XXV. "I AU SIt UCICHARD' DAUGHTERn.' She looked about her with lhalf.fearful scrn tiny. and seeing notthig ghostly or human, went to the gate. As she put her hand upon it she heard sometllinfi mova, and looking up saw a figutre advauncing quickly toward her. It was no visio, howeverr. but Caryl Wilton. Ifopecred at her uncertainly for a momentt, and then, with a gesture of relief, advlrnced to her side. 'Is it yu ?' the said, forcing a smile. ' Why are you i re-why do you stare so? Do 1 look ike a--ghost?' *Forgive me;' he said, in a low voice; 'I could not remain in the house while you were out hero alone.' * low long have you been here?' she asked. 'Not more than a few minutes.' ' No more than a few minutes I' she repeated. Did you see any) thing ?' Anid site glanced back at the church with an ir repressible shudder" 1 Yes,' he replied. * Yes !' and site started, and unconsciously laid her rland on his arm, koking at himt with eager, alarmed yes. ' Yes,' lie said: 'I saw Mr. Miles Barton.' Her hand would have fallen from his arm again, as site turned away with a sigh of mingled relief and disappointment, lint he laid his hand on hers and drew it closer to him. 'Mr. Miles Barton,' lihe repeated. ' He was lounging about the path, with a cigar in his mouth. Did you see thim? Did hefrighten you? B-eause, if so. 1 will avail myself of the npper-. ..n.tuty to eapress myancipathy t3 that gentennine by administerint to him a sound kicking.' *No," she said. ' Why should you? Whfat harsm does the mail do? You saw no one elso ?' 'No one else,' ihe answered, looking ather earnestly. 'aroe you seen any one or been : fnghtened? Your hand trembles-' You were right, after all,' she interrupted him, / s'eiitlnalittle laugh. 'Ianm noerroh and fright ened at shadow'. It was kind of you to wait for me. Are' they still singing and card play ing?',. IlMdst of them are gone,' lie replied: 'and l am supposed to have gone. ' Sir Richard thinks you are in your rooms.' - .; ' And Gu ?' slidhe asked. Ouy!' he raid, with'a frown. Guy I passed on the terrace. IIo looked- well. to put it mildly. tired. 'and was'aplashed with mud, as.it he had been riding hard., Poor Guy!, ' Wlhy do you pity' hiln?'sihe asked: t Because I hare a fellow feeling for him-we are in the same boat.' ' You do not look tired,' she said, with forced lightness. ' Do I not I Look at me,' lihe retorted, and stop ped short. She raised her eyes and looked atihim in the moonlight. .Ic> , was no more like the indolent,: nonchalant man who had sauntered 'into tihe theatre in San Francisco than a man working hard?ifohfis fife ,i like a lounger in Pall Mall., 'lam a changed man,'he repeated almost bitterly. 'iYoei know what' has worked thaET change;. yet 1 will tell you if I may. Great HIeave n! why do you not trust me?' ; !? Site faced hiim, while and panting, her delicate nostrils inflated, her lips apart, like a beautiful aulnimal at bay. 'Iecaose,' lie said, almost sternly in his earnestness, ' because 1 love you.' She attempted to draw her arm away from his, buthe prevented it. ; 'No,::do' nts, takeoyur haind away, do not affect surprise. My love is no now thing to you. You have known it now for months: For days it : laishoeuat leasta cause of peace for you. You havei kiown thaiit my love would shield you. Con stance-Maida- which name shall 1 call you? 1 ose roti.by eithernaaio.' Slie panted aind looked at him with a half frightened, half- defiantgaze. ' Mydarling lihe murmured, stretching out h:s hand appealingly, ' did you think such love as SCanhmiieecould be blind ? 1 know'you the moment I saw you in England. HIow could it he otherwise, seeing that 1 carried your face with me night and day, sincethe night you sent me from you with scorn and contemuf? I knew you, hut 1 hid my k?nowledge from all save you. And I would have saved even you the trouble of knowing that your secret was known, but 1 was mad with love for you, and 1 could not do that. I could not risk losing you. But if I let you know, I have kept ? others'from the forbiddten knowledge. hlave 1 inot sieplped betweeu you anud the prying eyes of envyand malice? And I have not evensouight to ,.penetrate that past which you have kept so closely Shidden; why I do not know." "You do not know ?" site murmured, as If that was all of his passionate spteech she had heard, though in truth she had been thrilled by the eager words. SAs hIeaven is my witness I d tnot knoso-I do not care to guess. 1 love you to dearly to seek to pry into your secret-if you have one; but still I ask--w?hy do you not trust me?" S 'Trust you?' sire murmured. ' Yes,' he went on earnestly, his face pale and working; ' why slld you not ? Do you fear that I would betray you ?' ' alo,' she murmured. ' What is it you sus. pect ?' '1 suspect notllhSg,' le responded, almost passionately. '1 will noteven conjecture, why you. once IMaida Carringford, are now Constancee Hartleigh. I love you, and at times I have a presentiment that you ore ins danger ; that is enough for Ine. I am your slave, and would Ioe your protector. live me the right to protect you. I love yout! love you; be you1 Maids Csrringford or Constance Ilartleighl, it matters not to me. It is you yourself, who stand hereo th it 1 love. I et thero e eno barrier of mvsterious i . reserve between us-to niight. r.:_ie"ý.. l i s no idle fancy, this love .f ".:n;, boirn to flit a fickle hour and tihen t, die, butterfly fashion. See what it has lited through ! Your ecorn that 2 night--which you would forget, but you cannot Sias fierce enthught to blast any unstable passionl, mane has lived tltrough it. Constance-Mlida what have you to sar to me' . "Annet, e ,odin orter it. 'his lasssonate thireaty, Is clasaped lieiri his arm'isi?t h ervous Site and ttdrd and listenead, the color coming sail ga?iiak i r bainatiful faes,the light rising and ,fialing in her dark, ehlqnent eyes. And as hlis inalssioalanto pial 'lad 'prdjeeded, a strange look had crept over err fine. It- was not scorn this timl. It ssanas if lier balrk were finding its way out of theltroubled waters into' peaceful haven. A response, as passionate ns has appeal was on her lipas,and she ydariied ib throw herself' on hii bhasom and rest, there like a tired ehild.: Then whj'did she drliw hnlk fromn him with a shudde. !whein lie circled her; in hii' aeims~a inhy did obe draw tile mask of coldness over her features? ' ;. Alas! tli namind'of Maida hlad recnilled hier to herself-recalled e to her Itho fact 'that-Msida Cauriiiigf;rd v'oild chirry a taint'iito any home, wliloe only. Constance Huartleigh 'could hide the shame which Sir Richard lhand of his own act en tililed din noid?f his daughters:i ' iYoit do not lkno; whatc you, ask;,' :she ,',Do. Ii not ?' Ie said, movning aside ithsit tln moonlight might lfall on her exquisite loveliness. 'Do I'inon?" I e retiatned gaIziIng at Itersilgiiifi-' cantly, with a.world of loving admiration in his eyes. No,' 'shd retorted, with sad bittcrncsso "' Whichl woman is, it at you s lnv.--is it laida Carriing ford, or isritCo'niilstani'ce ITni-iigh ?' ' , I' a love you,' he cried, hptly, 'called by either name. It isvoui tl;ai I love with all tlhat i good -wiiliin mie., You speak mysteriously=lthere is morn mystery which I cannot solve. 'I will not asknii 'iestion; if you do not care to trust me, 1 am inndilinrent. Y~tou iwill:learn to trust me ini time, to trust mue wilh everything." She shuddered slightly,, biut not so sligltlyas to escape him. Do you dbulitio?. he hoarsely cried. SNo.' she said. with an infiniteU pathos; bhut there is none whom Ican trust-none.' '.Thero is soie., tirange mystery whicli etteids as an intanigible barrier between us,'. hlie nid almost fiercely. ,Yes, I rill ask you one question,' he. broke out as if with as sdden resolution. l know tiat you are Maids Ctarriegfoard; I will you if you are Sir Richard's daughter?' A spasm seemed to pass ovuer.her face. her lips quivered, and her eyes contracted; but these signs of alli intense emotion passed in a moment, and, looking himn steadily in the face, she sadly said; ' i am Sir RIichard's daunaaler!" - " Thank lleaven I lie said. Then with swift scllfreproaclh he reized Ile handad. 'Constance L will not call you by that otheer umo agiani forgive mel-1 have been a fool. Let me connfess how stupendous has beena my fully! 1-forgive me 1--noiwieng you had concealed something of your Past life from Sir tllichard-1 was fool enough to imagine that there was some ot:ler and greater motive for that concealmeiat than the natural one-and it was only- lirobable that you should dislike to have y ncr stage' life chaitered sand slandered about Iy the friends of your new life. You were right, quite right. Blut why did you distrust toe? Why did you refuse to show me your mother's picture?-why avoid all mention of the past with which I was acquairited? Could you not trust ine ? You knew I loved you -tell me that, Constance-you knew I loved 'Yes,' slIe faintly murmured. ' You know 1 love you. know most truly, most dearly, with all iny heart and soul I Answer me, my love, my darling l' With a low sob, she drew her hand from hisn arm and covered her face. Gathering courage from her weakness, he put his arm around Iner and drew her nearer to himn.. -. 'Constanes, my love?-my only love l' he mur mured. For a moment the tired head- rested gladly, contentedly on his shoulder. Then the re membrance of her tainted name came to ,her, and, as if stung, she started back, and putting ont her hand to keep 'him from her, said, brokenly: - 'No, no! Do not speak to me-do not look'at me ! If-if you love me, leavo me now, without another word-gol I Oh, go, go.',. Loaning toward her, white and trdubled, lhe held put his hands. 'If I love you? Do you doubt it, Constance!' and his voico grew suddenly stern in its idtensity. Can you look at me and tell me you do not love me-can you?' Shie faltered for a moment, and then raisedher eyes to his. 'Go I she said, in a hollow Voice. ' I do-= do not loveyou. Be satisfied.' Ills arms fell to his sides, and; ho turned his bead, with a Emothered groan: ' Heaven lforgive you,' lhe muttered hoarsely. 'A monient ago I would have sworn that you did loved me.' ', - ' ' " 'No, no ' she cried, piteously. '1-1 did not know whit 1 was doing. :- I- ought not to have. listened. I-oh, pity umo,'and go!' ., 'No,' he:said, in the sharp tone of a great agony suppressed; 1 cannot leaver you here. Come !'and h' held out his arm. s a : - Slowly, falteringly, she put her hand within it, and with averted head, allowed him to lead hier to the terrace. Within the light that streanied from the open door, the stopped, and allowed her arm to fall to her side.-" Then le raisdd his hlt,' 'ain ivan golig witliotit a word, buthte could not resist alast look, and-as his eyes fell thirstily ili her beautiiul face, so pleo and sad, his anguish! came rushing to his lips. - '"' Constancel' he hoarsely said, '.donodt'oid meaAway I:: For mercy's sake, do not !. Let me stay near you I See what a pitiful fellow my love makes of me. .Let me keep near you, like some faithful'dog, to be made happy by a cold smile or ua'nieaingless word. Do'not send me away. Let me stay, and-who knows- thit barrier that divides us may be broken down'', She shook her head, and though there were no tears ,in her eyes,her' voice was fill of them as shloe murmured.' 'Never, never i No power on earth can bridge the gulf thatdivides us. It is best that we sliould part. ,The time will come when, you will thank me for letting yon go-will be grateful to me for saving you from.the pitfall toward which I have drawni you. Go, now 1' and she held out her hand. IHe took it eagerly. It was hot and burning. -Hepassionately clung to it.: 'I will go,' he said, hIis dark eyes fixed on her iace. '-' Yes, I will go..- I will prove my love by obeying this cruelest command you ean give me. 1 will go, but my love cannot be slain or set aside'so easily as I, myself, am set aside. If in the coming time you have need of me, do not believe that my love may have waned, or doubt that I will come as quickly as I now leave you. That time may never come, but if it should, remember that a word, a look, will bring me to your side. The last words were almost inaudible I y reason of his emotion. With a sigh, he rnised her hand to his lips and kissed it twice, slowly, passion ately, and he was gone. a STRANG?E UETIROTHAL. A coulplo of hours later, Guy was smoking a cigar in the gallery. On tCl mnorrow, the lonag lhaked for excursion to lhe Titlnai's Shleld was to crun olf, anld as an early hour or two in tile tihld hand been planned, thle mnale visitirs, all ardenlt sporltsmeI'I, had gone tIo est. Guy sat alone, his eyes half-closedi, his thoughts wasndering to thi little cottage. at asghalna, sand the sweet, friendiess hlttle organist lie had done his best, during his long ride, to nlllakntn ulp lis minld anI arrive at sohUo decision. 1O olne side stood Iris pronuten; Onl tine other, thIe sweet face Ithat hand Ihaunlted Ilim since the firt inalolen he hald seen it. Thlere was no lnger at y doublt that he lollved hier. lIe wold e-enlaeln ..a......iliced -ay main.....I.nai .... if. to "llh }lave s,,cured hler for hlis o(wnz; bcr what khneno tlhne tnIe old nanena hlad oat hlis heart man tin0 mnarriage bletween his daughlter and his nalalhew, andl, wathl all Ihei oaned him, culd hel ask linl to relievn, him aif his promise? If Sile had ilvell him., it woeli have mnade tlhe escrijice less litter; Iutha knew she diid inot love him, and he shuddered to think of a marriage Ilnd-er Fvleh circu-nItanllces. And yet his pirounlsel If Collstanee did not ask to be released--if ale was willing to yield for her father's sakle --how conld he dos? - - n What sihanll 1 do? lWhalnt shall 1 don?' For hIours hle had b?cn asking hiasglalIf ithe same qiuestion, anid all he conld ainswer was thalnt Il had Ipromnised. Iio was still wrestling with thel pro ilemn, with no nearer approach to a slumtnon, when a mcssenger canme to say tlhat Sir Richard w isihed lhis presence in thIe Ithlrary. Guy went at once. glad of a respate from the ve.ianl quesltion. There was a dim lilght from a r.,anianglamp in tile library, and Guy entered sn his uaual direct fashlioln. ' D, yu ns want me, sir!' list his voice dropped suddenly as hle crnsieed thle rbom. and cl hurlieJ np to tlhel chair with bin expression of concezrn, for Sir Ilnci-rdl was sitting, ling rathler, in hais usuaal arm Iha r. his face whlite and drawn, his hands ly in an his kness, supine and limp. SUncle, you are ill" he cried, anaiously., - 'Yes yes bat uneverrmind that now. Where is' 'She has gofne to her rooms: Do you want herc sir? I can fetch her. The old "mio ' locked° wislfally at the door, and then at Guy, but held up his hand, as- Guy rose. 1: ',No, not yet-I want to say a few words to you alone first. Guy, do you remember the night you started to seekher?' ' . '' ' . .'.Quite well, sir, But are you sure you ought to allow - "' ''You are alarmed at my state: It is. nothing unusual..: Letit pass, Guy, and listen: You have odt foigotten'the bargain we n'ade that'night, I have not forgotten, sir.' It was a solelun engagetgientn,was itunot Gly? Neither ofus kunew the.' what the future would brinig fortlh.' t But nlow' ilauit 1' khids'1 `mailr much concerned to have theongagenmeit fulfilled: a" 1 was then when 1 thought it might miean the whole i futuro 'of- my. .wrongedlchild. I 1 am so anxious that I cannot rest longer in this un certainly. ' Gu4'-slid' hisn vidco' 'qitiivred 'ap' peahglyo-e'1 am an old issac, totter ingwaiting' on the bunk elf that dark :rii" which all io,?t cross.' The grin fyrrymman will? be hero'diredtly -how soone I cannot ,tell.; Already I heartlhi splsli' of his oars, c??aetchl glinipuses 'of"hlisi black boat... Giy. ,l:ecanot cross contented and relhrn'd until 1 aco the diarest hiope of iy life fulfilled. - . 5: i . " lie hbet forward in "his .esgerness and laid Iis tlhin whlit?i'litmnd 0 Guy'h astrong artl:i OiGuy was about. to :rpeak; when the old manl atopped tInm. " ' Don't speak: hear ian oitt, Ody: Sinco tho, night of her returns-a, blessed glght fpr me- iare watched yiu-lier saifd' ,.iu, Gj.< '' Nitther" of you can be comilesitely hapupy ;!tlhere seemns to ie some dilltreuce between you. ' What is thei ?arrili?l"You love 'herdr'Guy):Is? ? thlistloig ago--nd indeed it would be wonderlul if you did, not.: Who 'coild live iear her ailid fail to love;to worshipi her: v Ands- and(, " Guy,rl 1 think, lam alumost sure,, she returs your love. : "Gey. looked..,i.li' with 0 estdderi ntart'of.con. sterna.tion,: whichthe old mian took for one of surprisc: ..... ''Tlis is no.time formodestyiny boy,' he said. 'A. father's eyes are sblrp, and can poneterkt the veil which a youlg, 'pure.hi·iartid girl strives to throw over ter love. She loves you, Guy. Why -waly wait ? F?r my sake join hllandss'as you' have j,,ined hearts, I and let me go hence in peace and contentment. 1 have m.ly, ono tlioughit -for your joinlt happiness. 'Wlhat is to prevent it?" liapidly as the old nail talk'd, Guy- rai?'veriin his mindtlo weight of olbligation lie was under to him. noticed his weak state. realized that tie was not long for this World,' and remembered, his own ' Nothing oni myn part shdll preven'tit,, he And as ho said the words he felt Clit ho't had sounded thie knell of his own ileairest'opes. li'lo recalled the sweet face he had had no near his owi but a few liours ago, and unwardly'sulfferd the anguish winch only the man can comprehelid wInlo ;has del?leraity sacrilfe'd all his 'hopes of happiness in this world. Sit Richard, unconscious of the self-abnegation of his ' liphow, extenides 'hii hand gratefully, and with a certain- sort of congratulation,.too, and Guy grasped it with what fervor Ie couhli assume: Poor Gtiyjilt was his first atteript at dissimunla tion, and ainy other but the old man would haio seen throughl it. 'Heaven' bless you, Gy ! sail: tihe oll man, brokenly, 'I was not deceived in you I B it'do not tthik I geoild have o'don this if I had not known almost surely,' that it would come back to youe. I know sheloies you. Giiy.' :i Guy sighed inwardly.; BIut a few days ag? Ie would have feared that his uncle was deei"ivd.: To-day Ihe dreaded lest he was not. . You shall hear .ler admit it with her owne lips,' went on'the old manl. e om^, let sin do your wooing'for you, Guy.. She is a strange :girl poor dusliigl I et me-. Go, Guy, ind see if 'she is still' up.' If she is: ask her to como to me. I am getting weak-weak. Let her.come to me You'shall hear it'from her ow. lips.' " Guy slowly left the room. It was 'a if Ihe was going to call his own executioner., I e went up the stairs and knocked at her door, expecting her maid to open it.. Instead of that, plaida herself did so. She had thrown off her magisfieeit' evening dress, and was clad in a. clinging robe of some soft material. IIer fae was pale, but floished as Iher eyes fell upon him'l. ' I thought it was my maid, she said. Then witli a look of appreliensisio: ' Is anythiing'thd mttter ? rIas anythiing htappened?' I .: ',No,: answered Guy. 'Your fathler is not well.;but is not seriously ill' 1i"t'is'not'for 'thit' that he sent for you. Will you say tot'hii thlat I shall be'in the dining-ro'm i?` ease hdshould wantmepi i" -d; ·,' She looked keenly at lim, and noticing his dowi-cast' eyes,"'leaped quickly 'to= a suspicion of ,what was about to be required of her I'will tell him,' "shi said, and' went''?l ddi She stood for a moment at the door? .of tlhe library, 'looking 'in at'' her "'father.; TThen, as sihe noticed his attitude, and grasped thd isle it' toldof wealiilss, he' glided'acrcss the room and fell at his kneeso. u ' Father'!' ' . S'It is -"othiig, nothing, my darling, he mur mured. 'Do tn't be frightened. Not a word ' aboit'siyself'--not yet at least. 'Has--has i Guy told you?',3, / ":, . " 'Siho ?dook h]er head, her eyes, fsoteede os his "It is as wel.'he said. f ' I can rpetk'for him tet'r'thln i he eai speak'for linmseill. Constaice, 'Uith a slight start silo drow her head back and !looked: at him; anld then, with her hands clasped on Ils kness, dropped .her head and was silent: '' He l'oingly passed' hisu white, trembling hand over, the thick tresses of her beautiful Ihair. ' He loves you, 'my darling,'. he repeated in a low voice. 'Are you glad or sorryy 1 cannot see yoUir eyes. Are you woslahring why he has not told you himself? It is because I asked hint to let me do so. Constance. if I know you--if I have not uselessly dwelt upon your every word and look since-sitice you came back to me-1 do not think you will say you are sorry. So sure am I, that I have aslked im Ct' let me have the happiness=-whlich shohild be hiso-of first hearing fIom your own lips that thu great hope of ismy life willb ho realiied.' Tell In thi~t it 0s so, Constance! HIeloves-my good, hosest, straightforward Guy -as only slch a lan can love. And hIow great si'cli i lIve can be, ysou cannet even conjecjture, but will loaru in tiom. You do nt spleak. darling! You not surprised, int--not sorry?' r At this sharp alaru and dread in his voice, she looked up and drew his lhand to her ' l lvehlild, my 'onstaiuce, hlie laurTmred, ' it isl as Ilave wished, as 1 lhgeld thst it might be. You love siu. Clist: LsCee Ah. if you kniew lhoi axnaIOusly', sow imp'tie'ttly I haveO waited for thisn molrent, you wssuld nralhze how sweet. Ihew glad a sle it is to me ! Constance, I have watched y .u flur moantlls, hung on your every word and look, waichig for soomn sign that would tell mie Ith't evcerythilg was g',i.'g well sait sily great desire. Thenl you do love him, and will be his wis e ' wuld I1t moake you Ihappy ?' she asked, iil a low voice. SIIalppiler thun words can say. It is thedearest 'rThen--t|,n,' she said, salowly and with a straege and ghastly look, I will dto it.' ' Thank Ileaven !lhei miurmured, brokenly. 'lAhl, if you knew how Iharppy you have made me! It was thli one thing walhting. Could I die and leave s'y chila without a protector-l'are hier to hufflt the wnrld and all it's msfortunes alosa? Ns, no. Now 1 nm eontelt. Withll Guy 1y your eila. y su are save in lshavn~t -safil-l 'Safe?' she muormured, with asuddSen start. 'Yea. I lahallao sufe..' - ITo smoothea alr lair caressingly. 'Y~s. I can crslss the river nowa. darling, feeling that lsone atlalesasvntl has been made. ('ouatance, I have never spokea of yoir niotler--' With a start she lhrask from hima, but hle hild her is his arms and drew hier clhser to tIm. ' It is too late nosw. I did hler a great wrong, Co?stanie- no wifes was more fIaully misjudaied bly hler husband; busetha-- Icnan mako sonma atonement to iar clhild. Il havn only oe snishl left, smy darling, and that is to be splared to see you GOuy's wife, aad theI future Lady tartlcigh. Call hiss, Constasnco. Let me see ys joiI hands, and feiel that sany hope will be fulfilled. ' Go. dear; he is waiting.' She rose, and with sowb, faltering steps, opened the door. Guy was in the Inall anisd came ltaward her. Sir tRichard rose, and steadyi'ng himself by tihe table, pointed to ier. STake her, Guy-she is yours, hie said,' and Ssank intoshis clhar again. Guy turned to Constance. -With lowered eyes she Ihel out hler and. swhlich he tooak mechan ically. Almost on the samo instant asie withdrew !it from him and threw herself on her knees 5 beside Sir Rlichurd. withla cry efalurm. The old man's head had fallen forward atI his eyes Bv were eclosed. lie ld fainited. Guy sprang Iforwardto the hlell. and :Sir Itichard'a man Intered.--(To as ConTi?UED) LC 16 