Dray ton. (FROM OUll COBBKSl'ONBKNT.) On Easter Monday evening the good and sociable people of Drayton assembled at the Court House, intent on thoroughly enjoying themselves. That their expectations wero realised no one can deny. Tile first section of thu evening's performance was of courso the concert. Mr. Brown apologised for the absence of Air. Jenkins and said ho was pleased to state thut Mr. Peak had consented to occupy the chair. The overture was nicely performed by Miss Peak. Mr. W. Shcpperd's recitation, ' A Briefless Barrister,' was brief and sweet. That beautiful song, ' The Maid of the Mill,' received full justice at the hands of Miss Mono. Lawton. A. recitation, entitled ' How he Died,' was distinctly rendered by Master Ernest l'eak. 'To- morrow ' was well suiij; by Miss Devino, as was also Mr. II. Brown's soup;, 'The Utigler,' nnd ' Golden Lovo ' by Miss Lynch. A dialogue, ' How he managed,' with Mr. Peak as ' He,' Miss L-iwtou us his wife, and Miss E. Farquharson ns Bicbly the servant, provoked roars of laughter. '? Ho ' as most men generally do, considers his wife a bad houso manager and undertakes the task himself. Biddy indignantly resents this unwarrantable interference, the result being a thorough col lapse of his lordship. *' The 'lint Milestone ' was beautifully simp; by Miss Peak ; a recita tion, ' Jemima Haun ' by Miss Faniuhaisou was tiuly recited ; Miss Fanny Lynch ' Jio'hercd the men ' like a true spinster, and was encored. Mr W. Peak guvo '.Pandeen O'Hafforly's Sea Voyage,' with true Irish brogue. 'Tho Cfipsy Crirl,' by Miss Ada Lawton, was nicely sung; and tho ' Ghost on Korsebuck ' well reeited by Mr Luducr ; ' Little Annie ]{oouoy,' by Mr W. Peak, was encored, and in return he gave ' Ten minutes tou late.' Mr C. Ladncr sung ' A soldier and a man ;' and ' The Grey Mare,' recited by Miss B. F.irquharson, brought the concert to a cloje. The chairman then distributed prizes to thoso inombors of tho Drayton Band of Hope who had been most indefatigable workers in the interests of the society. As quickly ns possiblo the scnts were removed from tho body of tho hall and tho lloor crowded with happy coiiples bent on wor shipping Torpischore. Great praise is duo to those ladies and gentlemen who assisted in so tastofully decorating tho hall with tlowors and overgreens, also to Miss Peak and Mr 'W. Peak, for their efforts to give tho Drayton poople a good night's enjoyment. 