AUSTRALIAN CRITICS. The Hon. J. W. Fortescuo on Lord Jersey. The Hon. J. AY. Forteseue writes to tho Anti-Jacobin : — " The severe criticisms passed on the Australian colonics in various English magazines during tho past year have at length called forth a reply, or at Australia itself. Tho pew champion of Australia is Lord Jersey, tho Governor of New South Wales, and the weapon em ployed by him is a .speech delivered a't Al- bury (the frontier town of his own Govern ment and Victoria), whereof u very full telegraphic report appeared in tho Times of September 1G. As a new loan of £-4, 500,000 was floated by the Government of New South \Valc3 only two days later, it is not unreasonable to concludo that tlio maiu object, not of the delivery but of the trans mission of this speech to England, was to reassure the British public as to the general soundness of the colony's position. Nor can it be denied tliut the colonies, if they think their credit unjustly questioned aud their character undeservedly impugned, havo every right to take measures to justify themselves at such a moment in the eyes of tho British investor. "Nevertheless I venture to think that tho mcuns employed iu this particular instance were not very happily chosen. The Governor of a constitutional colony is not an inde pendent functionary ; nor has he (I do not speak without experience) exceptional facili ties for judging correctly of the condition of the colony over which ho presides. Ho must take what information his Ministers ' and the local press choose to allow him ; for if ho tries to find out too much he runs tho risk of being charged with unconstitu tional prying. Further, whatever his real opinions, a Governor's tongue is virtually tied except for the purposes of laudation of his own colony. Loyalty to his Ministers and the exigencies of liis social position make this imperative. It may be worth while to recall, for instance, the fact that, after the surplus given ill tho Victorian budget of 1880 had been shown by tlio press and admitted by tho Government to bo fictitious, tho state ment showing that false surplus was none tho less countersigtiod by their Governor, acting on tlio ndvico of his responsible Ministers, and waB presented to both Houses of our Parliament by command of Her Majesty as though it were genuine. " Meanwhile, we may in the present caso bo perfectly snre that Lord Jersey spoke witli tho fullest confidence in the accuracy of his own utterances, and witli none hut tlio strictly honorable motivo of defending tlio country witii whicli he is at present identified from attacks on its moral und financial reputation which he really con siders to be mi warranted. Even so lie, a new arrival, with small experience ot tho colonies and hampored by the tics of liis constitutional position, is not the man who should havo been put forward as the champion of Australia. Ho begins liis defence of the colonies with tho statement that Australia ' has become tiic happy hunting-ground of the scribbling globe- trotter.' Australia was just sueli a hunting- ground for many years before Lord Jersey became an Australian Govornor, but so long as the 'scribbling globe-trotter' confined himself to glowing eulogy of the colonies no fault was found with him. Of the four un favorable critics of tho colonies whose writings havo received most attention in Australia, ond are most resented by Lord Jersey, one was a resident in the Antipodes for seven years, two for four years, whilo the fourtli travelled uboutthc Australian colonics for two ycai'B. I havo not at hand tho means of fixiug tho exact dato of Lord Jersey's arrival at Sydney, but it was cer tainly considerably less than, a year ago. While, therefore, giving him credit for nB much ability as wc may, it is impossible to admit that lie bus the advantage of hiB opponents in the matter of colonial ex perience. " And, indeed, when we como to examine his defence, wo find tlint it consists mainly of a few vague generalities. He dismissos financial criticism, for instance, with a coupto of scntcncos about Australian modesty, regard for justice, love of freedom, und regard for religious truth — phrases which anyone who knows tlio colonies can hardly road witli a gravo face. Let us by all means be just. Let us remembur that Lord JorBey is a Governor, und therefore at a great disadvantage ; that lie has only been in Australia for a fow months, and that it is not liis business to refute criticisms on the colonies. But then we are bound to ask once mora whv is noeb prominenco given to his speech ? Why is it thought worth while to cable it in extenso to England two days before the lloating of a new Australian Government loan ? Special allegations liavo boon made, both in Sydney and in' England, that the finances of New Soutli Wales arc in a state of hopeless con fusion. .Evidence in support of llioso alle- gations lias been given, und it iiae never been contradicted. ' Now, cither these statements are true or tlicy are not. If they are untrue they should bo refuted conclusively and at once. The colonies have plenty of instruments to their hand. Tlicy have accredited agents in tliia country whoso businessit is to correct any wrong or misleading assertions that may un justly projudieo tliu colonies in tho eyes of tho Britisli public. So far nob an Agent- General has moved in tho presont contro versy ; not ouo Iiiib gone even to tlio easy length ofeategorieal denial or contemptuous disclaimer. If, nu the other hand, it were pi6forrcd that the vindication of Australia should proceed from headquarters, there is abundance of Ministers of tho Crown whose speeches could lie nioro detailed and more authorativo, and would be ot least as eusy of transmisson to Euglund by cable. Wo have been favored witli no Buch vindica tion. In lieu thereof wc have a speech delivorcd after luncheon on a mora or less festive occasion to a colonial audience, which tho speaker probably never imagined would find its way to England. The said speaker has held for a few months only tlio position of Governor, so that he lias his popularity still to gain ; he has lived for a few months only in the colony, so that he has liis experience yet to learn. But the ordinary Britisli reader mukes no allowanco of this kind. Ho rcasonu thus: Lord Jersey is an English gentleman, and must therefore bo sincere ; He is Governor of Now South Wales, and therefore he must know all about it. While cordially sub scribing to tho first of these propositions, ? demur vory strongly to tho second ; and I havo given my reasons why. In truth, it is questionable whether the colonial practice of employing a Governor's public utterances as a Stalking-horse whereby tonpproach that not over-shy bird, tho Britisli investor, be not open to very strong objection. It is unfair to the investor, and it is above all un fair to tlio Governor himself. Suppose events should prove later on that tho un- faiorable critics of New South Wales finance are right ; that the said finance is in hope- Icsb confusion ; that by sheer recklessness it lias become worse confounded ; nnd tliut tho colony lias thereby been brought to an extremely eritienl position. How will Lord Jersey feel then V Yet he would not be tho first Governor thnt has been deceived. The late Governor of Victoria had tho fullest confidence in the prosperity of that colony, and not the ghost of an idea that tile large surpluses shown by liis last Ministry had no existence in fact. The British investor has a right to expect some more definite ex planation of the financial vagaries laid to the charge of the Australian Governments, and he should uot bo satisfied until ho has obtained it." 