Theatrical Topics. The Gaiety Comedy Company la still per forming at the Gaiety Theatre to orowdod houses, and the entertainment now rnna with great smoothness. The company are now in their third week. The "Parson's Oath" was produced at the Theatre Royal on Saturday by the Barry Dramatio Company. This drama, whioh is said to be tbo rage in London, is of a highly sensational ohsraoter. The published synopsis of the play indioates enough in that direc tion to satisfy the most exacting. Plenty of humour has also been intioduocd into the varions soeneB. This is Mr. Dsn Barry's first season in Brisbane, and the majority of the members of his oompany were new to Brisbane audienoes. The Alexandra Theatre, Melbourne, is orowded nightly to witness the performance of "The Soout by (he Dampior Company, assisted by Dr. Carver and tho Wild Wostoowboys. Tho per formance is most realistic, and great enthusiasm is evoked. Amongst the effect] is a huge tank of water, 10 feet long, 12 feet broad, 9 feot deep, on the stage. This, at the will of the soenio artist, is a placid lake or a rushing river, in whioh the cowboys and the Indians are sup posed to disport themselves. project tj ofi fett to IraUd a theatre i Forth, WeBfc Australia, at a dWt ol £iO,OOC. E. S. Wfllaid Bays that he -would n6f eh ooutM[e young ffleh to" go oh the etage, bdt he should urge yohug -tforSen' to' enter the profession in preference to other V'cfceitiona. Mies ianet Aohuroh and her well selected oompany scored a decided saooess in Charles Eeade s comedy drama, "Masfa and Faces," at the Garriok Theatre, Sydney, on Saturday Oar Sydney correspondent wired as follows on Monday: Mendelssohn's oratorio "Elijah," with Madame Patoy in the contralto part, was repeated in the Centennial Hall before a orowded audience, on Saturday eight. " The Bells of Haslemere," the conolnding drama of Mr. Bland Holt's season at the Theatre Boyol, was produced on Saturday night, in the presence of a crowded home. The piiCh Was well received. "The Bilrer 8hield" was feprodno9d at the Criterion to a crowded and enthusiastic hoose. "The Corsican Brothers" is still drawing good houses at Her Maj esty's. Mrs. Langtry has curried the favour of tfid "pittites" by making alterations in the direc tion of increased comfort for them at the Princess's Theatre, London, which reopened on the last night of March with a new ploy called " Lady Barter." Mrs. Hodgson Burnett (author of Little Lord Fauntleroy) lias loft England for hoc homo in "Washington, America, tfhare she will set to work on tff 3 stories and a play, which she has had to neglect on acoonnt of the long illness and sad death of her little sort. It is said that Mr. D'Oyly darte refused to take any payment from the Queen for the re cent performance at Windsor. It was offered as a matter of coarse, hat refused on the ground that; the honour of performing before Her Majesty was reward enough. Mr. Irving has beext rfcade a member of the Marlborough Olub, bis name baling been sub mitted by the Prince of Wales, an honour which is the more marked iua-much as only those "preeminently distinguished for public ser vice" are eligible for election. Report says that "Lady Barter" at the Princess. London, has not proved so sucoessfol as was hoped, and that Mrs. Langtry is eon tempMtmg patting 14 Peril" in rehearsal for immediate production. Mrs. Langtry, it will be remembered, was iormerly very successful in this play. The Ibsenites cannot ootffptafa of their favourite being kept in the background. Wot only has " Bosmersholm" been twice performed lately, and "Ghosts" produced this week at the "Independent Theatre of Lncdon," hut (remarks the European Mail) Mr. Wilson Bar ret promises "The Pillars o* flooiety" at the New Olympio, and Miss Marion Lea, with Miss Elizabeth Robina's help, is going to undertake ♦Hfcdda Gabler;" while there is a report that Miss Marie Fraser is tbinkiug of producing "The Wild Daok." Here is a feast of reason, indeed, for those who like the fare. A number of Well known Copenhagen ladies, comprising Fru Batrup, the wife of the Danish prime Minister; Fru Scive»ius, the wife of the Danish Churoh Minister ; Fru Magdalene Thomson, the celebrated authoress; Fru Carl JAcohsen, the wife of the eminent brewer; and a great many others have formed a committee to oolleot funds for the erection of a monument to Fru Johanne Louise Heiberg, the famous Danish aotress, who died aboat four months ago. A statue in marbb of Fru Heiberg was destroyed by the great fire at Christiansborg Castle in the year 1884. It is now proposed to have a reproduction made in marble, and it is thought that the foyer of the Theatre Royal would be a suitable plaoe for it. The popularity of the style of the Btage danoing which Miss Kate Vaughan first brought into vogue, other accomplished ex ponents of it being Misses Letty Lind, Katie Seymour, and Sylvia Grey, is on the increase; and aotresses who have distinguished them selves in other ways on the stage are, it appears, anxious to add danoing to their ac complishments. A class has been formed under the tutorship of Miss Sylvia Grey. It meets at the London Lyceum, and consists of Miss Ellen Terry, Miss Marion Terry, Mr. Gor don Craig, Miss Wardell, and others. Inasmuch as good danoing means moving and posturing gracefully, all aotors and aotresses are the better for learning it; bat one would hardly have thought that Miss Ellen Terry needed any such toition. Perhaps, however (writes a London gossip), wo shall be surprised by her appearanoe in a role in whioh her new accom plishment—if, indeed, it be new to her—will oome into play. At any rate, Miss Grey may bo proud of teaching the foremost actress on our stage. The ooming novelties at the Borg Theatre, Berlin (says the Queen), inolude Ssrdou's "Julietta" and Carmen Sylva's "Master Manoli," whereas the Opera is busily en gaged with rehearsing Masoagni's 41 Oaval leria roBtioana," and a new ballet in two aota, composed by a Viennese, and entitled 41 Rouge et noir." Ernesto Rossi distin guished himself in his series of performances of Othello, King Lear, Hamlet, Louis Onze, and Alexander Dumas's "Kean," and last, but by no means least, in Count Tolstoi's greet tragedy, 44 The Death of Ivan the Terrible." Rossi studied the title role of the latter piece at the Czar's express wish, as his Majesty desired the great Italian tragedian and hin company to perform tho pieoe at the Palace of Qatohina In Johnson's 44 The Middleman," tho actor Lobe personified the inventor, Duncan, with such remarkable ability, that he secured to the pieco a decided success in the feoo of adverso criticisms of the work. The plot, aa well as the soenos cf English life and habits ara so altered in tho German versira, and tho conversion in serted is repeatedly so irreconcilable with the whole tendonoy of tho drama, that it oould not possibly pleaso tho fastidious taste of a Vionnese audience. The G-roiau "Arbeit" wants a good deal of polishing up before it may bo com pared with the iJiagliyh original. At the Vaudeville Ste. Thomas Thome baa lo preparation anew play by an American author called "Diamond Deane," whioh will auaoeed " Wheelbarrow Farm" when the attraction* of the latter begin to wane. Mies Helen Barry, who is at present in Hew' York, is preparing an adaptation from the Herman, oalled " A Hight'a Frolio," whioh la said to be most amusing, and to have a long oareer before it. Ho leas than three adapters were employed Upon it. The Queen haa been pleased to honour Mr. John Hare by presenting him with a handsome eoarf pin as a memento of his appearance be fore ber Majesty at Windsor Castle, on March 17\. The design is tbe Imperial monogram " V.B.I." in diamonds, surmounted by the Im perial orown in gold set with diamonds. A clever Freneh comedian, When a young: and struggling astoi In Paris, hit on an in genious plan to save himself the wall) from the' theatre, after rehearsal, to hie lodgings, whioh were situated near the Montmartre cemetery. He dressed in blaek, and if he espied a funeral precession with a vacant Beat In any one of the ooaohesr he promptly pulled out a handkerchief, and hid his face in it while hailing the vehiolo. Uftder the impression that he was one of the mourners who had arrived late, those in charge immediately installed him in the vaoant seat. Mr. Henry Arthur Jones, the distinguished dramatis author, is a very pleasant and un affected man. In appearance he is small and cheerful-looking, with bright eyes and fair brown hair. Mr. Jones lives near Begent's Park, and occupies Mr. Alma Tadema's old house. His wife is his most devoted assistant. When be Is writing she sits for honrs in hi» study as still as a mouse, not even reading, lest the noiBe of the turning pages should dis turb her husband. As soon as a soene is finished, she listens while it' la read aloud, and makes any remarks or suggestions that oconr to her. Although ao popular and euooeaafnl, Mr. Jones is a singularly modest man, and reoeives the compliments and congratulations that are showered upon him with a composure whioh some well known authors would do well to emulate. 