BROADBRIM'S NEW YORK LETTER. [From the Kmmrida Herald.] Of all the days in tbe. three hundred and sixty-five, Independence Day ia the particu ltr one that has left, on me the deepest and most lasting impre-sion. In New England fifty years ago there were only two regular holidays in the 3'enr — Fourth of July and Thanksgiving— and they were far enough apart to make each one welcome. The 4th Jalv was a summer holiday, and aside from tbe delights of fireworks and shot guns, ihere were gingerpop, sweet cakes covered with gold, leaf, a: classes candy, and otber nameless luxuries, wuich are looked on with contempt by the present generation. Then there were the chan'e to go swimming, and to see the sojers. For ihe heroes ol 1812 were thiek as buckleherries then, and the old Revolutioners, not a few. Yes, Fourth of July was a biz thing, we waited for it all tbe year; saved up our coppers and went on a frightful spree on twenty five-cents The emu try sojers who turned om with shotguns and old rusty fl ntlook muskets, to do honor to Independence Day, may not have been able to march snd wheel with the precision -of the Seventh^ Regiment or the Boston Tigers ; but they' were- fighters ail the same, and they loved theirvcounfrjr «nd th y were the fathers of ^e.'WayS- wbo furoed^ou* in '61/ and who dido'tfeome back till '65, if they came back atali.''.' . ' ' Yea, Fourth of July has cmw and gone, bat Jt^jOie i? sac^: noiseless fashi-in and slipped avray so quletiy, that we hardly kne-v anything about it. We are geting very orderly, very diplomatic, and highly civilised; we can see d eper into tbe milestone than our grandfathers. We know ?the literary difference between Dar wjil and Moses j and Edison's phonograph jfta'y enable poHfe^rity- so .know jtiat how Ipi&rt.;'we; were, :but jt does seem to a plain AmeticVn who has not tiad ah tbe Yankee Doudle knocked but or' him by baccarat and Tranby Croft, that the wholesome smell of a little burnt gunpowder, th» sweet toot of a fife, the rattle of a snare drum, and a eeneral hrjTah for TJncle Sam and tbe Enzle, woujd make the Fourth of July seem morehomeirke. But I can hear the youth ful patriots of 1891 say, old man come down — tak&a; back eert ; oh, go take a swim . All ri»Kt,\ boys' j I'm done; good day, ? JJthought I hai buried Count Cheesboro about- three years ago, and had him safe Under ground with a heavy sto^e on top of him to keep hin down, but like Alexander T. Steward's ghost be keeps bob bin? up in the most unexpected places, and thus he appeared, in court last week— not in the fl-*sb, it ie tru^, but in the person of his daughter'1 who is fighting to get a por tion cf her father's estate, but who was thrown orit of court on a lezal technicality. The property for which tbe girl was batt 'ing was left to Cheesboro by his mf»th-r and to bis legitimate children. Cheesboro, who was a dis4pa ed old roue, met the girl's mother in Baltimore, and lived with her a9 her husband, for sixteen years ; they travelled all over United States aid Europe. Tuemother swore that she mar ried him in Baltimore, and there was not tbe slightest doubt that the girl was his daughter, but on the qiesion of legitimacy they threw her out ot court. Blassus Cheesboro, or Count Cneesboro, as be called himself, r^pre^entei a class unfortunately too common in New York. ? I don't know how .many families I have been acquainted with among our ancient aristocracy where the Sons have remained in willing bachelorhood, and the daughters in enforced maidenhood into extreme old age. Mrs. ^Cheesboro was left a rich widow with two sons, and a coup!e of more disreputable ? irort.atais vagabonds could 8b»rcely:be conceited, Eroia the hour of their births till the day of their de&tSs;, they never did one useful or reputable thing, but, having plenty of money they ' lived on theJfat of the land, despised the poor and preyed upon the innocent and un suspecting- Th»y put on immense airs, boasted of their blue blood, an i hunted up a coat of arms and a crest lor the family carriage ; while in Germany at the sale of the effects of an old estate he got hold of a Jot of family plate with a cast of aran and a monogram 0 engravei on them. Ke brought them back to the United States, and set up as a scion of nobility. A more pitable sight could scarcely be imagined than this disreputable aucient roue, as he ambled along the sunny sid3 of Broadway of an afternoon ogling the women through a glasa which h^ had on 'one eye, and twirling his cane with tbe air of a young buck of twenty. Time and dissipation had left few hairs bn his head the' loss being indifferently repaired by a coal black toupee. H s witherei faca was Barni^hed with a poor old moustache which was dyed black like his hair, his -eyebrows were pencilled, and even bis eyelashes did not escape the hand of the frletftily artist j he wore tight pants generally of a light color, coats thai fitted him like his skin, loud vest?, frilled shins and colored neckties of thy most pro nouncad patterns, Hie jewellery was flashy and v^'Igtijr— though -yaluable, for he pade it a point to have the best of every thing that mbneycoulrLbuy. He gcuerally carried- his glove. in one hand and his cane in the ottidrj his ungloved band displaying eome yaluabjeirlnge. suppjaed to be neir looms in the family. Hw crowning infamy was the deseitin/ of his wile or reputed wife and daughter a Jew -jears before nis dea h. He bad no 'direct _heira to bis property, which notwithslandiog his extravagance, was considerable— but he left it to be fought for by a lot of .people wbom be never ac knowledged while alive, and finally tx baiMied and wbfn out with dis«pation, sunk into a dishonored grave. : I know six wealthy families at the pre sent time whose live* have been made a 'burden by tho coniuct of their sons on who id they have lavished, ttiouaands and thou'saods of dollars. Yaung men to whom the grandest business opportunities h&«e been offered^aud who' have throwa them away. One, a short time ago,, blew out his brains in his fathei's dining, room. This week the only son of rich parents was sent to the State Reformatory for setting fire to several houses, where two people were burnt to deaih. List;, week the son of one of Brooklyn's most respectable residents was delected in. window smashing and a number of petty larcencies where the plun der be secured was bo insignificant that ii could be n.j possible excu?e for ttie crime. In-ttie oase ot the incendiary it was pure ' cas-edness ; be had everything that heart could desire— a bsautiful home, a father ? and motter who idolised him, hors-s, \ carriages, servants — everything ; yet he stolaout of his house night after night, bought benzine,, set fire to tenement huuses and then etodd orf and enjoyed the tun as the bouse blazed up and' the wretched tenants tumbled into the s.reets with their children, while their property perished in thd flames. In one of the houses two people were b« rut to death. This cones as near toial depravity as auythii g I ever met.. Speking of total depravity — the convic tion, of Ameer Ben Alir an Algerian, f r the murder of a wretched creature ot the slums— is a matter of congratulation. I have forborn up to the present tirna men tioning this terrible crime in these letters, though all the papers in New Yo'k were lull of it, and.it haj excited moie interest than any murder comraiited this year. All the parties concerned, principals and i wi-nessps, w^re t\e viles*. of the vile, and I the bones where the crime was committed ' wh£f a den that aff .rds shelter to just such a class. It wa* perpe'ra'ed in the peculiar manner that has rendered -he region ol Whitechapel e DaoHlnsa horror for the past two years. It is be ieved by many ^. here that Ameer Beu A'i i« th« White chapel fiend. % the pigheadedneas of a juror he was saved from the electric chair, so that the other eleven were cJUHell-d to sirree to a courpromise verdict, which involves a life sentpnee E«eryboiy is glad th^t the horror m o«r, aud we want to forget it us soon as possible Once more Coney Island is ra ablaze of fflory, and ell New York and B™klynr that can't get away anywhere etoe, are making the most of it. Not that the comeanv is by any means entwely com posed of t e Home Guard, for this week the sand&o;? Manhattan Beach were pr ssed? by the feet of Royalty, Prince George ot Greece giving the stsa-eide home ot «*w York and Brookiyn a Royal christening. A-ropos of Prince George : Although lua stay was brief, he goes froui us with ^tne reputation of a thoroughly good fellovr. A self-respecting gentleman, he won ™W with everybody, and if chance should throw him this way again ha may reel assured of a hearty American welcome. He is put uo like a kmg. Only about twenty-three, be stands about six feet two or three in .his stockings, and has a com plexion as rosy « a *irl. He has a goid honest fa -e, fine blue eyes, and *?« h*« like the purest of vh, Danish '^ek {'» which he springs. BU grand- athers family has contributed some of the best royal bio d to the principal throws „, Europe, and it looks as though the future Kmg of Greece would sustain the honor of his race. ? „,. Bat to return to Conoy Island. ine war of tbe cornets, bassoons and fia-uei begins once mow, and they propose t- make things lively ? By the s^d sea wave*. Heir Anton Sei U wi'U a splendid orchestra is at Brighton Beacli. and the only Patrick SarsSrtld Gilmore is delitfhtin,? the vrtnors at Sanhatiau. It ii useless to attempt to compare these two dis'inguished leaders, for in nothing; are t&ey; alike.; tbeif - methods are unlike— th^re is not tae slightest resemblaace in their atyles, and the audiences differ aa much aB their leaders. Here Seidl is a thorough Wag uerite ; he believes he has a miBsion, and that is to eincaie the people up to his own sublime standard— crishe iand dwhes, and slashes and booms ihat sound lika the harshest discord to uneducated ears ; to the ear ef the Wa*nerite it lias a sublime ana mysterious meaning. Herr Seldl has a. heavy following. Th-- tiermans as a class swear by him. Tm Jews who are a musis loving people flocii by thousands. Tuen he has a large female foliowiaj of lha*- c'aas which desires to ba thought away, away, sway up in thy music, Htii I may add that the gentleman is worthy of all the praise aud esteem that is lavished on him. But when if comes to pessoual popularity ; to the music that stirs the h^art of the mil lion ; lo the music that seis your fe^t going ; to tbe mus3C that you keep humming or wtiistlinj; till you dr»p oft t- sleep at night, and sill find running in your heai when you wake up in the morning — dive me Pat rick Giimore agaiH3t tba world- Tha difference in the two orchestras may be summed np thus : S-'idl's orchestra respect and fe »r him \ they look upon him a« he looks upm hirnse f, «s a being or superior clay. Gilmoie's band respect and lova him, and while a strict dis ipliiiariin from Ion*?, association, they are like a gr -at b'* faa?py fim'ly. I person illy met hi:n first in Paris in 1878, I have watched uimc'owly sinoe then, nni I have come to the conclusion that in all tile e'emeits of a popular musi cian there ia only one Paddy u-il oore Mr. Hancock wains to introrfuca a bill to provide for a close season for kangaroos. Park Lands Resumption Bill was read a third time and passed in the Assembly on Tuesday. A German edi'or for criticising the jiurneyinga of the Emperor Wiliiam gets a yeai'd imprisonment. The defendant in an English abductien casejhas got nine months' imprisonment. The oldest man in tha world lives in the Republic of San Salvador, says an exchange. Michael Soils is of Indian descant, aud claims to be 180 years old, his staujmsnt being supported by all fie aged inhabitants of Bogota, who declare that they knew him as a ceutenarian when they were httla children. This American Methusaleh has always lived very carefully, eating only once a day, and then taking ooH food of the most nourishing description. American girls bave dsjovered that there is nothing like active exercise to build u? a good figure and produce a gool complexion, so during tbe winter indoor tennis has bseu a m^st popular pastime. The cosiuoii worn is sh-rcer than is possible for outdwrexer eise, anil somewhat warm, so as to induce perspiration. It usually consists of a jsrsey blouse and a short, full aklct of jersey fluaael, with all wool stockings, aud cork-so'ej ahoes. An elderly music teacher of Berlin named Hatwig Bartett, has just committed suicide under romantic circumstances. She and a lieutenant in the army, named Gieke, were engaged, but ware unable to marry on account of their' poverty. This appears to ha.ve weighed on the offis-r's mind, and ashorfe time ago he committed su cide. Lately the lady weat to Spottau, in Prussian Sile-sia, to visit his grave, where slie remained ia meditatio l tor some tims.. She afterwards returned ti tha hotel and shop.hersslC The Csciet? of California Pioneers are tha owuers of a wonderful curiosity. It ia a sec tion of timber taken, from tbe side of the ship Powhatan. It iududes a pQrtion of the *skin,' which ie four inches thick, and a piece of abutting knee, which is four inches thick, tranwersly through the whole of, this a swordfish has dashed his sword, and the por tion, broken off is still embedded in the timber The sword pierced through 13 inches of this \- solid oik, and the fish was going in the same 'direction as the vessel at that, the ship being under a good head Df steam at the time. Aa idea of tho strength which ruuit have been exerted can ba obtained from the fact that a rifled Bix-pounder should not have done more than pierce that thickness of solid oak. 