FICTION. From digilah, American, and Oilier Pcrlodlcnli* THE DËMÔN~PAINTER. CHAPTER XIV. FINNIE HAS AN ADVENTURE. Pinnie was rapidly recovering, and the time drew nigh when he must organise his infant faculties into some line of action for maintenance. He had not been idle during a portion of his sickness. He rose from his bed a different person in one respect \- he could read a little, and every day added to his powers in that direction. His progress was really quite astonishing. His face was paler than before, and his step was still unsteady. But his features were no longer expressive of vacancy, and his step was not shamb- ling. His white forehead and finely moulded mouth and chia gave promise of considerable strength. How often at night he asked after the welfare of Winnie. This pleased Helen, and her pictures of the girl were at times tinged slightly with the golden hue of affection. It may be stated, also, that the clear-eyed island daughter, with her "iss" and '* wass," and sweet Gaelic accent, also inquired daily for Pinnie. One day Pinnie was feeling unusually depressed -he felt that he was becoming a burden to the household. All were glad to nee him so well, and to hear h'tn rattle off " literature" with more or less readiness. But the fact that he was a non supporting member of the group waB pa'nful. So, one day, when Helen returned from her labour, which still continued, she found a note awaiting her. It was written in boyish script, and read as follows : Dear Miss Helen. I thnueht I ought to get something to do. Sol have bor- rowed a little money of Mrs. Sra.tü. and I have gone over to Mr. Conrad North's to talk with him, and see ii he knows what I can do. I will hope to be back as soon as you do. TlNNIE. Mrs. Smith had gone into the city shopping, and had not returned, and the maid of all work knew nothing of Pinnie's going. Eight o'clock and Mrs_ Smith both carno, and still no Pinnie. But at half past 8, just as they were becoming alarmed, a note came from Mrs. North stating that " Mr. Pinnie" would remain there over night. At the North castle it had been a dull day. The light remark made by Conrad about a threatened raid on the down town office worried Mrs. North. Being forewarned, of course Mrs. North felt that there was no real danger. However, what may be called the " feminine shadow" hung over her, and her mind refused to dispel the gloom. The huge clock in the hallway had just struck 2, .when the heavy knocker on the heavy door sent a chill through her slight frame. By the time the man servant was at the door, Mrs. North was at the head of the old-fashioned staircase. The door was opened. There stood a pale, lank, sickly-looking woman in masculine raiment-at least that was what Mrs. North suspected. The large, dark eyes looked strangely and steadily upon the doubtful Mr Bonar, who stood for a moment without st.ying a word, as if waiting directions from his mistress. And when Bonar did spring him with a question, he did it carefully, so as not to scare him away in case i he were a real ghost. | " An' phwat kin I do fer the likes o' yer ?" " Can you tell me, mister, if Mr. North lives here ?" '' Indade, soor, an' we kin do that," returned the Irishman, without offering tho desired information On the long piazza, or porch, near the outer door, was a huge rustic chair. With a stammering word PinDie almost tumbled into this, much to the anxiety of the man. " Och, nie leddy, the lahd is sick." MIS. North was by him at that moment, and asked of Pinnie ; " My boy, are you ill ?" " I have been, Mrs. North, but I am only so tired now. I walked from the ferry." " Bonar will bring you into the house"-and, as she said this, the sudden thought came into her mind, that, perhans, this had something to do with the threatened burglary. " But then," she reflected in an instant, " that was at the down town office, and surely this youth would not be an agent in such work !" Then she said aloud: "You speak my name, but I do not remember to have met you. Do you know me ?" " Yes, I know you from the words of Miss La- mont. I came to talk with Mr. North, who can tell me what to do, probably." I " Are you the sick person of whom Miss Lamont told us ?" Explanations were in order, and soon the stalwart Irishman, with a heart as big as a mountain, more or less, according to the size of the mountain, put I his arm about the back of the chair, and, in a moment, the young gentleman was stretched out ¡ on one of those mammoth " settees" which used to adorn the rooms of our grandparents. Mrs. North brought a huge bed-spread and threw it over him, and in an incredibly short time Pinnie was sound asleep, dreaming of a Miss Iss and a Miss Wass, and paint palettes. At eight o'clock he was still sleeping, and word was sent over to the cottage as we have seen. At nine he was awakened ; the little dimity maid gave him a cup of tea, and Bonar put him to bed. And thus Pinnie had fallen into pood hands. Ten o'clock came as usual, and so did eleven. Then Mrs. North was a little startled by a knock at the door. Bonar brought in a note and a pack- age sent up by one of the trusted clerks. The note stated that a "directors' meeting" would keep Conrad down until late, <mi suggested that she retire and not sit up for him. He also requested that the package be placed in the muniment room, and stated that one of the old watchmen of the office was even then on the grounds to keep an eye on the premises. The package was soon stowed away, and so was Mrs. North ; and all the great house was still. Mrs. North slept well, the storing of valuables in the muniment room being of frequent occurrence. The slow hours of the night crept silently on, the moon rising full and high over the long pile of brick and masonry, and peeping through the trees. The faithful watchman filled and refilled his pipe, I and tramped back and forth upon that side of the I house where the treasure was stored. About 1 o'clock the ferry whistle snorted as though angry j at the late call, and the sound went echoing over ' hill and forest. It struck wildly upon Pinnie's un- accustomed ears, as he lightly slept in the vast bed, and he awakened in some slight alarm. It took a moment for him to realize where he was in the darkness-a darkness trimmed with the silver moon- light streaming into his room. He heard a key thrust into the door, a step com'ng softly up the Btairs, a door open and shut and all was still. He turned over once more to sleep-but his eyes would not stay closed. The late entrance was by Conrad. An hour after, in the heavy shadows of the trres, upon the east side of the house, where the low moon was casting a dark pathway of gloom from the tall chimneys to the trees, a man sat on the ground, calming watch- ing the comfort of the faithful old guard, not ten rods away. He was still peacefully smoking his pipe. It was a taU, thin, cadaverous old man-and we bave met him before, though now no Bepulcbral cough warns us of his presence. His face was not now of ashen hue. His eyes were bright and luminous-his ears keen lo the unfolding of the beetle's wing. Every sense was alert. He carried nothing in his hands, but around his waist was a chord, and on one end a small steel grapnel. In his belt a sheath knife was Indien, and a pistol, both under a loose blouse. As the shadows deepened the old man rose from the ground, stepped forward to the limit of the shadows, as silently as a cat and as briskly as a fox. Inspecting the ground a moment, he darted to a dark recess in the building-and to a portion of the structure where no sleepers were near within. A moment later and he was on (he roof of the moonlit side-the guard being upon the other. He softly crept along the edge of the roof with his feet in the huge gutters. Ho seemed to know his strength and paused not a moment in his progress until beneath the largest chimney on the building. He then threw himself flatly upon the steep roof, and, with the aid of the kedge, or grapnel, crawled to the mammoth flues. He knew full well that no guard could distinguish a man's head or body at that distance amid the varying forms and shadows of the roofs. A moment thereafter a dark form emerges from the blackened wall of a large fireplace, in the great old dining room of the ancestral wing of the North homestead. It hugs the wall in crouching attitude with tread si'enced by the wool on the seles of MB shoes. Creeping thus to the farther end, he reaches a panel which he can only distinguish in the dark- ness by touch. Having located the place, he rest fully straightens up and peers around the room, which apparently is of the width of the structure, having windows at both ends. He waits until his eyes enlarge to meet the darkness. The op'um does its work. They are luminous, and, like two phosphorescent balls, burn in the gloom like the two flaming eyes of the panther. Though unseen, his face is aglow, and his heart fired with an irrepressible courage. But he does not forget his ritual. Skill is useless without safety. Swiftly he darts across the room and tries to unfasten a window and push it open. It is in vain. It is se- curely locked. Without a moment's'delay he takes from his blouse a little brace and drill bit. In another moment he is grinding away at the glass with a well-oiled drill of the hardest steel, and in an astonishingly short time it is through. He takes from another pocket a roll of black cloth. As he unrolls it an oiled paper is taken off and the c'oth pressed firmly against the pane of glass. It sticks tightly to every pa-rt. Then the old man in- serts the drill into the hole he has bored, presses it sideways, and the gla3s breaks in every direc- tion ¡ but not a piece faUs to the floor, nor is there any noise. The glass is wbolly glued to the cloth. If driven from his work by danger, he will plunge headlong through this opening, but otherwise go as he came. He now roturns to his panel. Not over ten minutes have been lost. With the butt end of his sheath knife he worms a hole under the panel and pries it up. He bends up the painted metal, but the bolt of the lock does not give way. The old man's slender hand is inserted-and the keys are his. Now the vault is opened-both doors. The burglar enters, closing the inner and lighter door bebind. A "lucifer" is scratched and a dark lantern lighted. It is the supreme moment, to a ghoul who preys upon his fellows. And his rapid heart-beats are audible to the old man in the silence -a silence which he can almost feel within those brick wall?. The package lies before him. His hands are upon it. What if, du'iug this work of darkness, in the mysterious night, there had been a man of stout heart and herculean f tame in that old dining room of the Norths ? What if this man, whose courage may have been tested in the hot battle, were to calmly seat himself in the dark shadows, while those two visible eye- balls swept around the room, and thus watch the catamount cut its way silently through glass ! And then follow them thiough iron doors to a window less vault ! And suppose this witness silently fol- lows into the thick darkness and musty air, and feels that there were two entombed-whence but one could come forth alive ! And finally, what if that desperate old cat lights his candle-lantern, seizes the treasure, turns quickly around, and finds himself face to face, not with a giant, but with-Finnic ? Ye gods ! But what a scene ! The old man cried aloud, stepped back a pace or two, dropped the package and trembled from head to foot-a cold perspiration covering his body. "The ghost !" he murmured. His ruddy face was white with fear, and- the ashen hue crept over and upon it. The effect of the drug was overcome by fear and a hollow cough filled the vault. It was all in a moment. Before the Btartled face of the youth had evidenced his wonder, with paled lips at that phantom before him, qu'ck as the flash of light from his knife, the old devil leaped to his victim, and, flesh or spirit, grasped the yielding form by the throat and bore it to tho stony floor. His knife was raised to strike! But the light reached that face before the knife. The descend- ing knife swerved to the stone floor and the blade was broken from the hasp ! The blow had been parried by those grape-purple eyes-and a hopeless face which he had seen before. " Birt or devil ?" he hissed as he loosened his hand upon the throat. But there was no answer. " Speechless ? Then, by heavenB, you are spirit !" Still the night eyes looked, calm and gentle, into his. The old wretch was fascinated. He took his hand from the throat and stroked the brow of the boy. " Surely you are flesh and blood, Hubert." But not a word from Pinnie. The old man shook him. " Say, are you real ?" The lips parted and muttered something too indis- tinctly to be heard. " By heavens ! you are real, or else this drug has played me false." Then suddenly he changed his i tone to gentleness. " Look here, boy, I want to " Pinnie," gasped the youth, as if in nightmare. The robber was thrilled as by an electric shock. " See here, boy ; is your name Pinnie ?" " Yes." " Where did you get it ? Did that come from a Spaniard called the Tiger ?" "Yes." " Hell and fury ! Where did you come from ?" " The sea," replied the youth, a brightness in his look. " Am I dreaming, and this but the phantom of that drug ? Young man, where have you been for twenty years ?" " At the school." " Where do you live now ?" " Where you saw me before." " Well, boy, I shall not harm you, nor let any one else. But don't you ever let that Spanish devil get his hands on you, or your time will be at hand." " Who are you ?" asked the boy with more con- fidence. " Never mind. Your name is Hubert-but make no changes now." " And you-are-?" " Stop ! Say not another word." But it was not necessary to caution him. The extraordinary in- fluence of the face before and over him and the ex- pectation of death had sustained the frail boy. That removed, he fell back upon the outlaw's arm unconscious. The robber laid him gently upon the floor and arose. Quickly grasping the treasure, he passed through the vault doors and passed to the fireplace. But in that ten seconds a terrible struggle had been going on in the crime-scarred breast of the man. He paused a moment and drew deep sighs. The next step was backward. Retracing, he re-entered the vault, replaced the packet-and vanished. He could not condemn Hs own son to shame, and perhaps to prison. (To le continued.) 