REMINDERS- Messrs Fink, Best and Phillips havo re moved to their uew offices in the Rtnlto. Mr Hugh Mcnziofl will sell on Tuesday, 11 a.111., at Brunswick street, Fitzroy, fund- Messrs Munro and Buitlicu will hold a Crown Lands snlo, in their rooms, on Tues day, ut 2 ji.m. Messrs I. 9. Holtz and Co. will sell on Wednesday, Oth, at 550 Little Collius streot, un optician's clock. Messrs Gcmmoll, Tnckottand Co will sell on Mouday, marble mantelpieces, and on Tuesday, oil ptrintmgs. Nominations for ihc Victoria Pony ami Galloway Meeting, .Sherwood Park, close next Monday. Office, 10 Garraway's rooms, Queen's Walk. To-night Mrs StockwoU will give a limo- light dinplay at the Blue Ribbon mooting, in tho Friendly Societies' Hall, Qucensbcrry strict. North Melbourne. The Itangridgc Mutual Permanent Build, lag .Society draw the attention of share holders to tho advertisement calling in all )>ass books for the purpose of being audited by the auditors. A lecture on Msrloy's Ghost (Charles Dickons) will ho delivered by Rev. S. Hector Ferguson at Chalmers Church Literary So cicty on Tuesday evening next, to which thu public aro iuvitod, A meeting of gentlemen favorablo to the establishment of a raeccourao under tho V.R.C. rules, at Pender's Grove, Nortbcoto, will be lield at Scott's Hotel, Collins street, on Monday at 4 p.m. Messrs Davoy, Flock and Co. call .for Lenders for tlw purchoso of tho drapery stock of Messrs Moure and Co., of Lygon streot, Carlton. Teuucra will bo received up lo noon on Friday, the 11th Inst. A public meeting for tha advocacy of the principle of total abstincuce will bo hold in the MelbouraoTcinperance (lower) Hall, on Sunday ovening, at 7.15 o'cock, when nil- dreiweH will be delivered by Mrs Harrison Lee, Mrs Wharrie and Miss J. II. Thexr. Tito choir will be occupied by Mrs Cor- tiKHOS. On Monday next at 11 o'clock Messrs J. Lyons and Co. will soil by uuctkou at tbo Hall of CotAtiicrco, 52 B and C, Qacen streot, the expired unredeemed pledges from tho Sooth MuUwurno Mont de Pioto Loan and Discount Co., comprising a first-class Asurtmout of valuablo jewollcry, ota., of all descriptions. Alio, on Wednesday, the ox- )lred unredeemed pledge from Mr S. Hon- . atniu's All Nutions I-oun Office, 102 Bwuns- on-fltreet, on Wednesday, 0th Bcptembor,nt 11 o'clock, at tho Hall of Comworoo, 52 B aud G, Quean struct. 