E0U3L1NIA.N SUPERSTITIONS jffhe current number of tl& XoureUe Revtgt comtaina,Bn interesting article ,descripti-ra«E the /prf£hlikr beliefs and pnwtieeB -«f lie Roumanian peasantry on the subject of the supernatural. At this time of day, as the writer regretfully remarks, it is useless to look for the superstitions any more than for any other form of tiie picturesque in 1fa- streets of Bucharest. The Roumanian eitadin is just like his fdlow cockney all the world over: he -wears the orthodox costume of Western Europe ; and, that bong eo, it is idle to expect to discover more than the Tfsr fimnll wit fm' f t his ancestral ideas nnoer. the abominatUn ^of mvQUaiicki — the stove-pipe hat But the Roumanian 'peasant, me sOpMK»r, the *in4n who liyes his life between the Ca^nthianB said the Lower Danube, is still -veiy much what his fore fathers were before hun. His imagination has not been coloured a &ept; uniform drab by the brash of modem prog men, and he is still refreshingly hAhflhand- ia the race for a 1 compUte coathi^ of that melan choly monochrome. From the cradle to the grave the Roumanian peasant is escorted by a host of popular practices meant to shield him from the malefic infinenoes of the evil spirits of the unseen world. Of these there araT no lack, f^r Slavonic superstitiong are minglod in Roumania with survivals of classic mythology which have been inherited by the d^cendan*a of Trajan's legionaries from their Romanised ancestors. Centuries of. Christ!-, anity have not been able to obliterate altogether the marks - of the Roman eagle's ' -' claw, and - ^he demigods and nymphs of Grieco Romau legend linger yet under the sheltering shadow of the Car pathians. Thus, when a child-is bom, tbe father and mother invariably turn their eyes anxiously ia the direction of the window. For tehind that are lurking the three invisible spinners, tiie Uzitoare, who are weaving the web of the infant's destiny, the lineal descendants of the Paroa? of classic mythology . Before the ttechad is chrisfeued it has to play its part in the important ceremony . of the first bath. Thia is administered'to the ohild in the alina or eopae, a wooden vessel,, which serves alike for bith and cradle, not to mention numerous other domestic pur poses. The babe's godmother performs the ablutions at her own house, whither the child is carried; together with a present of sugar and coffee. If it is a boy the god mother must pour into the bath a symbolical mixture of corn, wine, aad honey ; and in tha case of a girl aome .feathers from a dove's wing aad some petals of a rose take tbe' place of the -wine. The feathers and rose leaves form a pretty prayer to the I Three Spinaexv that the em'a footsteps ' through Ufyvnj ft soft ;a asdher face As fair as the rose in biossahi. If you desire to read in the book of destiny the future of your offspring you may prove a boy's 'character much as Portia proved her lovers'. Present the child with a loaf, a rod; and a hook. If he takes the bread he will be a man of common-sense and practical knowledge^ the world ; if the rod, he will be a ne'«c -do-well ; if the book, he will grow np to be a great scholar. Xiovs and marriage, like birth and death, have ever beea frnitfol themes for the exercise ot popular superstition in -all countries. In Sonmania, ? as-elsewbere, the.-moQg.is the maiden's chief confidante in affairs of the heart. A properly constituted Roumanian j.-wioal will on no aoooont omit to hail the new moan with tbe following invocation ^ — 'New Queen! in health thou hast found me ; in health leave me. Thou hast found me .unwed ; leave me with a handsome husband at my aids.' , .Thus they.iavoke Diana, the moonr goddess, aa'their ancestors, doubtless,' invoked her ; centariea -ago. Neither will the same maiden forget, when the month of March comes round, to sus pend from her neck or her wrist' the tnaritieher, a silver coin, which, in April, will be carefully hung upon a rose bank while its owner ^rinlni a draught of milk. In this way she will infallibly obtain a complexion of the most exquisite pink and white. Having thus secured a Bhare of beauty, the next thing is to torn it to account in the market of matrimony. If our maiden lacks the courage or tbe opportunity to follow the clastic tradition, go to tiie forest by moon light, and there, stripped of her clothing, to look for the face of her fuiur in the waters of the spring, she may yet obtain a sight of him in her dreams if she w31 place a sprig of basil beneath her pillow on the night of the Epiphany. It is also an excellent thing for a girl who is in haste to wed to wear basil in her hair or her corsage, that herb having traditionally the attraction of a mayfly for a trout for every well-re grulated 'Roumanian youth. Should she desire to know whether she will wed within the year, let her go by night to the garden hedge, choose ia the dark two neighbouring branches, and bind them together with a ribbon. Returning in ths morning she will examine them, and if she that she has bound the branches of two separate bushes her desire will be accom plished; but if, unfortunately, they both spring from the same root then no wise woman in all Roumania can tall her how long she wQl have to wait unwed. When she is definitely engaged she presents her fiance with her sash aa a formal acknowledg ment of tbe betrothal ; and should dhe be so lucky as to hear a dove coo, or a cuckoo sing! (upon her right aide-raot her left), then all; is bound to go well with tiie pair. But if; the betrothed pair would live long to enjoy each other's society, let them take care on tiie' day they are married aot to croefi another wedding parly coming outof church : for if they do either bride ot bridegroom will die before the year is out. These precautions befog taken, wedded happiness will follow. Ghosts, and other nnoaaay other- world creatures, are jdeptiful in Rouinania, and as 1 various as plentifoL. There are the Strigol, evil spirits who will make, their way into the house an St. Andrew's night unless yon rnb your doors and windows with, gariic, tiie small of which these spirits cannot ! abide. There are the Moroi, or spirits of I nnbaptised children, who cry . lor their mothers' breasts, and will not .be appeased untQ their little graves have bean sprinkled with holy water for seven years. , Host fearsome of all is the Vampra, who leares the tomb by night, and wanders till -Sockbrow working evil to men. Bnt the spirit of the departed will rest unvexed provided that his coffin oontain a comb, a piece ef soap, and, above all, the classic obol, the wage of the Infernal Ferryman. For the Roumanian peasant BtOl pays the burial fee to Charon. 