f terns frf ffefrrs. The Wabbsambool Excubsion on Monday next promises to be a most suc cessful affair, and it is probable that a large number of toe residents of Hamilton will accompany the cricketers and bowlers on their journey. The special train which been engaged leaves Hamilton at8a.nu, and will arrive at Warrnambool at 1030 a.m. The return train will leave Warr nambool at 8 p-m. and arrive at Hamilton at 10.30 p.m. The feres will be 13s 6d for the return journey, first class, and 7e 6d second class. The tickets issued will be available up "to January 31st. Illegal Detention.— At toe Ham ilton Police Court yesterday, Abigail : M'Donald proceeded .-g.ingt Isabella Turner for illegally detaining an ulster, the property of the complainant. Mr. Melville appeared for the defence. Plain tiff stated that about a fortnight ago the defendant asked her to take her home, which she did and, being invited to stay, defendant remained there two nights. On taking her departure she left her ulster be hind, as it was very warm. When she cam. back a week afterwards to get it, defendant denied having it. Mr. Melville subjected complainant to a severe cross-examinations which irritated the lady to such an extent" that she stoutly refused to answer any more questions, no matter how sweetly toey were put by Mr. Melville. She declared that she "would not swear any more lies," but, after having been cautioned by toe Bench, she consented to answer Mr. Melville's questions. The defence vras that Mrs. M'Donald had not left her ulster at Mrs; Tomer's place ; that she was in the habit of sleemngm paddocks occasionally ; that, according to her own statement, she had been at several other places on thedayshe alleged that she left ut defendant's house, and had stated that she might have left it at a Mrs. Lynch'a place, where she had taken acnp oftea. The court considered toe case not proven and dismissed it with £1 9s costs against toe plaintiff, .in default distress. Messrs. Jas. Wiggins and J. E. Kennan, Ja. P., occupied the Bench. Fibe.— Mr. Fred. Menzel, farmer, fjng- Sboutsix miles from Hamilton, on the Penshnrst road, when returning home about .midnight on Sunday Ibgbt found fes hpuse in flames. He called the assistance of some of bis neigbours but, befreatW eouia do anything, tbe whole i_- i6 kuilding and its contents were euflry oonsomed. Fortunately, some valuable haystaoks were saved, as toe wind was blowing m an opposite direction. Mr. LL"7iaino5iz,6 of his personal ufflectebuttoe clothes -he-wore, has no idea hqw toe, fire, originated. He states that everything was isafe whanhe left home on Sunday morning. _ The Land Act.— Licenses approved : Leases approved : W.' TJinsn , Jallnkar ; C. S1? A Kittson, Glenaulin ; T. M Man, 7feredaire;-ana Isabella M'Leod, \- Lawn Tuanm. — A matx-h was played 1 j-Fortiand fbetweehfour , writers from Jffant6fr"ana i1foe Portland j ra,Whlflhrlteainan easy victaiy for , g®JocriJ|ayres by ven sefetowo. , Moffirt. Frtoer ad Jackson (Hamfftoii) lost \ to Messrs. Basil and Arthnr Spence (Port- laud) by, 6 to 3, 6 to 2 and 6 to 0, and the Hamilton players also lost to Messrs. EL and T. Mills (Portland) by 6 to 0, 6 to 0, andfitoO. Mhssre. Gavenagh and Daven- iort (Hamilton) won against the Messrs. mil. 6 to 4 and 6 to 2, and lost 2 to 6, and Messrs. Gavenagh and Davenport also lost to Messrs; Basil and Arthnr Spence, 6toL The volleying of Mr. Basil Spence through- oat, and the saving of the Messrs. Mill, b, the last three sets, were the main features of tbe match. Revision Courts. — It is notified that revision courts will be held for the purpose of revising toe general and rate payers' lists for toe undermentioned dis- - triote as follow: — Branxholme, Thursday, February 5, for the Branxholme and Byadnk divisions of toe electoral district of Port land ; Coleraine, Tuesday, February 24, for toe Coleraine division of the district of Nor- manby; Hamilton, Monday, February 2, for the North Hamilton and South Hamilton divisions of the district of Dun das. The Official Publication of the recent matriculation examination results, class and pass lists, with the professor's re port appended, is now ready for issue. It is toe intention of toe Professorial Board to publish regularly toe results and reports o! each matriculation examination in order that permanent and authoritative records may be easily obtainable at a nominal price by those who desire at any time to avail themselves of toe information they contain. Treasury Accounts. — At the Hamilton Treasury acoonnta for toe follow ing await collection, viz.: — G. T. Allen, BloomfieldBros., ACameron, J. DngganJ. Don can, T. Edlich, W. Ferguson, R. Giles, J. Gnnn,Gae Company, B. Hay,E. Jackson, J. Moran, W. Poynton, J. Quill, J. C. Richards, W. Robinson, A Tnmbull/Wada and Silvester and W- Waller. Voters' Lists. — Messrs. James Wiggins and J. E. Kennan, J's.P., presided at a revision court at toe Hamilton Court- honse yesterday, and certified to the correct ness of toe voters' lists for toe Dundas slid Hamilton divisions of the Western Province submitted to toem by the electoral registrar, Mr. Wm. Lawn. The Commercial Bans. — The . forty -eighth half- yearly report and balance- sheet of the Commercial Bank of Anstralia Limited has been forwarded to ns, and it shows the net profits for toe half year to have been £132,080 lis 6d. A dividend of 17 per cent, was declared and £27,262 6s 4d carried forward to the next half year. Dust Storm. — About noon on Sun day a dnst storm passed over this town, toe like of which has not been experienced in Hamilton for a long time. Thick clouds of dnst filled the streets, Thomson-street especially being scarcely passable. The storm was so violent during toe short time it lasted that about fourteen or sixteen rafters on toe large ward in the new hospital building were blown over, hut the contractor soon put. toe damage to rights after having been informed of it. It was a fortunate thing for toe shopkeepers that toe storm happened on a Sunday, as other wise their goods would have suffered ma terially from the dnst. Licensing Prosecution. — m. F. Meagher, licensee of toe Hamilton Inn, I pleaded guilty at (he Hamilton police court yesterday to having had his bar door nn- lockedon Sunday morning.toe 4th January, 1 1891\. Mr. Meagher, while admitting the offence, stated that the doors leading into toe bar from toe passage or bar parlour were both locked, but the door leading from his own private parlour into the bar was un locked for bis own convenience only, as there were no strangers in toe house at the time. The Bench inflicted a fine of £5, the lowest penalty prescribed by tbe Act. Messrs. : Jas. Wiggins and J. E. Kennan, J's.P., were toe presiding magistrates. Fat Sheep. — a special train of sheep passed through Hamilton yesterday for toe Ballarat market. The Bheep, abort 900 in all, came from Mr. J. Kirby's Mount Koroite estate and were in excellent con dition. A few head of cattle were also sent by toe same train. Ghosts.— For some time past a co wardly idiot has amnsed himself at nights with playing the ghost in toe streets oi Hamilton. This valisnt spirit takes a de light in frightening lonely females and children, bat always clears when he sees s man who tries to scrape up an acquaint ance with him. The police are laying to come in contact with his ghostship and it is hoped that this joker, whoever he may be, will meet with his deserts shortly. , Land Slip. — Some time in Novem ber last a land Blip occurred between f Merino and Dartmoor, on toe upper side of toe cutting of toe Rifle Downs hill, com pletely blocking np toe catting for abort a quarter of a mile, rolling toe made road down the hill-side into one of toe station paddocks. This catting is now being made, bnt not 6ne quarter of toe work has been completed as yet, which causes great incon venience to travellers in that part of toe district. A horseman can get through by 'f: making adetour through one of the station - paddocks, but buggies or other conveyances < could not do so, as several deep gnllies wonld -have to be passed. These places can only be reached now either from Cas terton, a distance of 36 miles, or from Hay wood, 26 miles distant. a Real "Spobt." — There was a great ram sale on (says " Aulas" in toe AmtraXatUm), and as MTtamsay intended to start a stnd flock at Woolywoola, he was present and, as a commencement, bought two' well-bred rains, one lor 400 guineas and one for 800 guineas. Very well con tented witohis bargain, he handed over toe r.harge of the costly animals to his son Jim, with instructions to take them home in a spring cart. Jim started off accordingly, but, unfortunately, he had to stop so often to explain about toe purchases and to drink the rams' healths, that he finally got a little mixed and not a little jolly. Then a bril liant idea struck him — he wonld have a ram-fight. So he took toe two rams ont of toe cart, set them at each other and, sitting on toe fence enjoyed toe spectacle, yelling in bis glee, ?'Go it, 400 guineas 1" "Well done, 300 1" till toe 300-gninea ram dropped the 400 guinea one stone dead. Then he went home'aober and sad. And the rela tions between him and toe old man are considerably strained. " Lights of a Great City," At the Hamilton Town Hall this even ing, By Mr. G. R. Ireland's Silver King Dramatic Company. ' Very heavy rains are reported to be falling in New Sonth Wales, and the town of Bourke was again flooded. The inter-Univeraity cricket match, Vic toria v. New South Wales, has resulted in a win for tbe latter by 8 runs. It ia stated that Mr. Edison has discovered a cure for tbe goat. It is said to consist of the simultaneous use of lithine and elec tricity. A yonng fellow named Charles Dennis, 19 years of age, has been sent to gaol for 12 months by toe Carlton Bench on a charge of vagrancy. It has been announced in the Govenmtnt Gazette that the Governor-in-Council has ap proved of the disfaandment of the Ararat and Branxholme rifle clubs. V Annie Smith, the woman who succeeded in escaping from the Melbonrnc Gaol, hat who was shortly afterwards recaptured, has been awarded three months for the eecapsde. A well-known cattle-dealer at Numnrkah, named James -Ponlson, endeavoured to com mit suicide last week by shooting himself. He ia now lying in a very precarious condi tion. A sad affiur occurred at Ryan's Creek, Morgan JS.A), recently. Three ladies be longing to a picnic parly, while bathing in the creek, were all drowned by sinking into someverydeep holes. Mr. J. H. Dean, who for over 12 months waa first assistant teacher at the Hamilton State School, has been appointed to the charge of toe Branxholme school and com- . £ menced his-dutiea yesterday. j A man named William Jenkinson, wot 3 known to tbe police, was arrested in Met bourne on Satorday,'on a charge of assault- . ; ing a Chinaman named Kie Fooo, and rob- v bine him 'of some money' and valuables. We have received the Aiutmlasian Sbon- hand. Journal, published by Messrs. Sto« ahd Hoare, for the month of January, h contains aa usual a large amount of Interest' Engreading to stenographers and others. ConstaWe Egan, a well-known and pop"1" member of the forra, who has been statiW" -i in Hamilton for soma time, has been pen>- neatly removed to Ballarat. Twenty ye»j igotGonBtable Egan wasa tenortoevil- do6" mtiie jjoBeD'Sr. The Broken Hill express train met with . an accident on Saturday morniog at Saddle- worth. The points at tbe etation had been leftopen and the express dashed onto asidiog and collided with two trucks, which were smashedup. No further damage was done. A notification in the Government Gazette intimates that owners of tenements in M'Pberson and S edge wick streets, North Hamilton, are required to cause a proper pipe and stop-cocks to be laid so as to supply water from tbe main pipes before the lOtb February next. Verdi, the great composer, is writing a comic opera, to be entitled " Falztiaff." The plot is taken from the " Merry Wives of Windsor." Verdi is now in his 78th year, and this is his second attempt at comic opera. His first attempt, Un Giomo di Regno," produced twenty-five years ago, was a dismal failure. We have been requested to remind the public that tbe great Summer Clearing Sale at the Warehouses of Craig. Williamson and Thomas, Melbourne, will continue thi6 month, and 'that the shipments recently opened are marked at clearing rates. — Adyt. Visitors to Hamilton are often at a lose to know the best place to do their shopping. — We recommend people to pat ronise the firm that can sell their goods at the lowest remunerative prices. One of oar local firms is in just as good a position to sell goods at wholesale prices as any wholesale firm in the colony, because they have buyers in London who buy direct from the manu facturers for cash. This enterprising firm Is the most progressive in Hamilton, and now employ the largest staff of hands in the drapery business in this town. One visit to their establishment will convince the most sceptical that the above statements are facts. We advise one and all to visit Miller. Murray and Coy. s, Hamilton, for New and Fashion able Drapery and Clothing at the lowest possible prices. — (Advt.) 