THE INDIAN GHOST DANCE. A correspondent writes from Wouuded Kneu Creek, via Pine Ridgo Agency, S.I). The sky was just flushing with tbo ikwa when ttio expedition, rcachod a clump of young cottonwoods which skirted tho hanka oi tno \t oiindcd Knee. From this point at excollcnt view could lto had of tlio dshco, which wiw nt its most exciting singe. As near n Half Eyes could estimate, 182 bucks and squaws were in the dntico. A big tree stood in tbo middle of tho circlo of In dians. Squatted on tho ground within a radius of sixty yards wcro 400 othor In dians, who woro chanting with tho dancers. Many of the reds were in war paint. Some of them wurc naked to th« hips, and across their big, musoulaff breasts were streaks of red nnd yel low paint. Bead. tinkled from their porctipinc-iringcd legs, aud eagle feathers imtig from the crowu of their glossy heads. Some of tho dancers were robed in white cotton cloth, which was pinned ut the breast r.nd drawn over tho hcod in tho form of a hood. Fivu medicine men sat on tho grouud outside of tho circle. They were old men, with wrinkled, skinny faces, nnd as tho chant rose and full, according to tlio vigor of the drumming, they waved medicine sticKrt above their heads. Theso sticks were printed green, with handles fashioned after their shape of snakes. Tho dancers held ono unotlivr's hands ami moved slowly around the tree. They did not rnisu their feet as high a they do in tho sun damfe. Most of the timu it loosed as though their ragged mocassins did uot leave tho ground, nnd tlio only roiomhlanco to dancing was the weary beiidingof knees. - - Round nud round tho dancers went, with their eyes closed and their heads hcnt) toward tho ground. The chant was Inces sant and monotonous. " I sco my father, I see my mother. I seo my brotlior, I see my , sister," was Half Eyes' translation of tho chant, as the squaw aud warrior moved laboriously about tbo treo. Half Eyes said' tlio danco had been going on all night. Stretched upon tho ground oloso to the tree wcro two warriors and ono squ&w.; They wcro in a fit of a cataloptio nature. Their faces wcro turned to tho sky, ami their hands clutched tho yellow grass. Ono of tho warriors was a tremoudoua fellow, whose breast was scarred and pamtcd, and whoso cars wcro pierced with rices. Tbo dancers paid no attcution to tboni. Thoir oyes wero closed. Suddcuty ono of tho warriors on tho ground leaped to his foot, and ex claimed: "I havo seen tho Great Father, but ho will not talk to mo." Then tho other warrior got up and cried : "I havo soon tho Great Fntlwr, but ho will sot talk to mo bo- cause I havo no ponies." Tho squaw, was . . : thu last to got tip on hor foot. Sbo wss » . young woman, with bells on hor blsnkoLsml u red ochro streak marked tho lino wncro her raven black hair was parted. In a shrill voice ho cried out: "I havo seen tho Great Father. Ho schb / an caglo which picked mo up and carried mo to a far-away mountaiu. The Great Father told mo that tbo whites would bo driven ffom tho country, that the lndlaus would rulo tho land, aud tho buffalo and . deer would return." Tho Indians, now danced, with greater vigor, and tbeir cries Wcro louder and moro vehement, hut thoy kept their oyes closed. Round ana round they danced, somo of them so fatigued than thoy pitohed forward on thoir faces' on tho graoi. Thoir faces wcro distorted with pain, ut there was no stop for food, 'drink, or . rest. Ono by one squaw and warrior fell unconscious upon the ground, and as they did so thoy beat their heads against th treo and on the sand and stones uotil blood squirted' from thoir wounds.. Ono big'-/, -ludian, whom Hnlf Eyes recognised as Big Road, rolled and tumbled on tho ground f . uutil his splouilid face was a RtaM of cats and swellings. A ' each dancer . fell tbo 'circle was re-formed and tbo dance resumed. Nearly all thu dancers; wef« covered with woands from previous txer . tions. One of tho bucks woro a white hood . . snd oloak smeared with blood, and hs danood in his bare feet; , ' .« ...v. The sun bad been up two hour when tho ,', danco closed from the sheer exhaustion of ' tho Indians. Thoy foll in all kiuds of pori- Rous, and many or them were In cataleptio tits. Tho fires barnod dimly and tho nicdi- cinn men nodded over thoir wards. ' Tbfl dance Was over for an hour at leoik— American Exchange. 