'A? JSEIVIE 'TS . VLICE Ol' A TOEATIRE. "LLes Ciochos de Coreviile. ' IN the Vic oria Theatro last evening the Newcastle Musical Union produced Robert Planquotto's celebrated comiw opera "Les Cloches do Corcoville. As aeticipated, the building was crowded with a fashion. able audionce, and even the intense heat could not check the enthusiasm with which the production ries greeted. The Musi cal Union has just entered upon its second year of existence, and wihen the members de cided some three months ego to produce an opera there were not wan:ir.g those who pro phesied little abort of rbjectc failure. The members, however, ably supervised by their energetio conductor, Mr. A. W. Juncker, worked with a will, at:d the result of their arduous laboura greatly surprised the people who witnessed the first production of " Leo Olcches do Cornoevillo " last evening. That it was a distinct success there can be no question, and the members who took part may be highly congratulated. Ia fact the city may now be justly proud of its premier musical saciet,, which has attained a height of perfection not reached by many amateur organisations in these colonies. The feature of the production last evening was un doubtedly the orchestra, which numbered nearly 30 instruments. Never before has the Newcastle public been iavoured with such harmonious orchestration; and the players, led by Mr. A. Johnston, who played the first violin, are entitled to groat praise. The chorus, consisling of 40 ladies and gentlemen suitably :tttred was also very fine, tand like the orchestra completely outclassed any of the combinations of ladies and gentlemen which have yet accompanied any profoes. sional opera companies to this city. It is quite surprisieg that in a few short weeorks the society could produce such a chorus, and it speaks volumes for the musical ability of the conductor. Coming to the cast, the characters were very well taken, and, on the whole, there was no absence of those little hitches and exhibitions of nervousness so inseparable as a rule to ama teur productions. The story of the opera is a simple one. Thi Marquis of Cornevillo and the Count de Lucenay, proscribed nobles, attaiuted for po'itical reasons, fly from France. The letter lea-es his daughter Lucienno and his property in charge of Gas pard, a miserly stoward, who brings up the child as his niece under the name of Ger. maine, and conceals the treasures in the vaults of the deserted Chateau of Cornoville, scaring away visitors or intending tenants by reports that the castle is haunted. At the opening of the opera a number of village girls and men are on their way to the fair. Among them is Serpo!otte, a waif, and maid. of-all-work to Guspard. She is leaving his service in disgust, and is joined by Germaino, whom Gaspard wishes to marry to the atoillie, a pampous, meddling fellow. She is betrothed to Granicheux, a fisherman, who, as she supposes, has saved her from dro:wning. But her deliverer was in reality Henri do Cor. neville, the young Marquis, and captain of a privateer, who is returning to claim his title and posseesione. At the hiring fair be meets Germaino, and hears the legend of the bolls, and engages Germaine, Sorpolotte, and Gronicheux as servants. The second act takes place in the halls of the Chateau of Cornoville, where the Marquis makes two discoveries--first, that Germaino is the maiden whom ho rescued from drowning; secondly, than the Count do Luconay placed his infant daughter in Gaspard's chargo. Sorpoletto imagines that she is the child in. question, and determines henceforth to live as becomes one of her exalted rank. Grenicheux is disguised in armour, and is soet to watch for intruders. The miser appears, plays the ghost, and gloats over his gold; but a ghostly chant is heard, the rusty bells toll, and mailed speetres (the dead lords of Cor:.eville) appear and advance upon the wretched Gaspard, who sinks terror.stricken upon his gold. The third not unravels the mystery attacbed to Ger maine. Gaspard, in hie lucid intervals, owns that she is not his niece, but Lucienne do Lucenay. Sorpo!etto is undeceived as to her real rank, and is obliged to resign her bor rowed plumes. Grenicheux is forced to con fees his fraud, and the betrothal of the Marquis and Germaino is heralded by the chimes of Lee Cloches do Corneoville. Thg r61e of E?rpolotte, which is virtually the chief character of the piece, was very well taken by Mrs. W. H. Tubb. The part is one which requires a certain amount of abandon, and taxes more the resources of a fine actress than of an excellent singer. In a word it may be described as the rb!e of a musical soubrette, and for an anateur is an exceedingly difil cult character. Mrs. Tubb's singing was of course, very good, but either from ner vousness or lack of familiarity with "stage business," her acknowledged fine soprano voice did not show to the beet advantage. Her acting was.graceful, and the lady well deserved the fine bouquet of flowers which was thrown to her at the conclusion of her first song, "I may be a princess." In the dance and chorus, "Just look at that, just look at this," the lady led the company in fairly good style, but it was in the trio "I'll shut my eyes," and the fine solo," The cider song," that she sas at her best. The duct with Grenichesax, "There she goes with horses prancing," was most successflul, and the rend tion narrowly escaped an encore. TI'he fine character of Gormaine was entrusted to Mise Agnes Jones, and it could not have boon placed in abler hands. Her singing and acting came aso the greates: surprise to all, and even her warmest friends could E'careColy have asticipated her success. Gifted with a soprano voice of rare quality, and a natural talent for the stage, the lady scoered the hit of the evening. Her singing of the "Legend of the Bells" was oexcellent, and the audience realising that demanded an encore, which was graciously given. This song and chorus is a moet popular one, and aided by thie orchestra last night it was splendidly performed. The duet and chorus, " Let our torches light the gloom," which the lady sings with the Marquis, wavs also a fine number; but perhaps heln beet was the air " By her side." Thlis number was also encored, and her duets with the Marquis "'Tis she o! a happy fate" and "My Lord, My Lord," were also given in good teaste. Mr. H. I. Lang in tile part of Henri, Marquis do Cornovillo excelled all expecta tion, and although a little nervous at first, he speedily settled down and acted the part "as if to the manner born." His singing wazexcollent, and for his rendition of tiehosong and chorus, "Silent oHeroes," he was ac oorded a double encores. The peoploworemost enthusiastic during this song, which was certainly delivered iu en admirable moanner. "With joy my heart " ewas well treated by Mr. Lang, and, if a fault could be found with his acting last night, it was the fEot thrat hie was a very cold lover, and conses quently mwdo it sornealhat diflioult for Gor maine, who had to do all tihe woo. inst. eMr. Rl. JTones essyed the very difficult Ipra of Father Gaspard, the miser, and he ws indeed good. His make up was perfect, and it was very difficult to believe that the gentleman was not acoias. tomed to play the adis. So far as oacting goes it is by far the hardest male part in the cast, and Mr. Jones could even be excused had he fallon far shortof profe:sional excol lence. The scene in the ohateau whore ho counts and plots over his gold, and is there surprieod by the searchers, eras well noted. He was also successful in his rendition of the "Song of the IBeg. gare," and the other little num bers which Gaspard sing at intervals during the opera. Mr. L. Grame, as the pompous Baillio of Corneville, woe splendid, as he both looked and anoted the part quite naturally. His buffo song, Oh dear, oh dear," was one of the goms of the evening, and probably the heat had the effect of neutralising any ambition Mr. Grant may have had for on encore, because the applause was s?fficiant to rooell a prima donna. A, his clerk, Gobo, Mr. R. N. Solomon was very funny, his acting and dancing convulting the hounoo with laughter. Mr. W. Gardner as Grenihoeuz wee good, and he greatly pleaced the audience with the sing ing in the ducts with Borpoletto. Mr. Gardner has a fine tenor voice, but the acanatic proportioa of the building is againet him, and at times last night; his aingiug was searcely sudible. In the solo "On Billow ?Rocking" he was very goo:, and this was his best number. Mise G. Prevont made a very pretty Orietaphe, fa cabin boy, and, although the young lady had little to do, heo lid that little well. As the villageo oasips, Mies Lambert as Manette, Miss Wadding mnn as Jeannette, and Miss F. Iay au Suzanno, were very good, but special perirse is duo to hire. Oornolly, who played the part o C Gertrude, a gossip. In the chorus this taly appeared to at once seaumno the lead, ard by her energy and vivacioucnese :he stimulated the others to greater •xerliona. The members who took the different parts in the chorus weroe illgood, their dresses being very handsome and bo coming. This evening the opera will again be produced, and there ohould not be ' vacant seat at the rise of the curtain. Mr. Joseph Wood, the president of the society, etepped forward at the beginning of the last ect, and brifcly thanked those present for their patronage. 