Mnsical and Dramatic Entertainment. On Wednesday evening, at the Town Hall, the promised entertainment, of which the funds were devoted to the School of Arts jointly with those of a most deserving charitable object, duly was given by certain of our gifted amateurs agreeably to advertisement. It was grievous to_see by— the- paucity of the andlenci. how lukewarm was the suppoi thai, iueir efforts elicited from the public wtiarge. This fact is all the more incomprehen sible seeing that no amateur entertainment has bet ter been staged and carefully rehearsed in Glen Innes than that of Wednesday evening. Undeni able traces of this were observable throughout every item of thp performance, from a Splendid overture— a pianoforte duet by Mrs. Burridge and Miss Vincent, rendered by these ladies with their wonted brilliant execution — that inaugurated the performance down to the very end of the pro gramme. The " Haunted Priory," a drama with just a pleasurably-supernatural and weird flavor, followed, aud was capitally acted. The ghostly apparitiou (Mr. Wisdom) in the first act had just the right amount of " uncaniness" about it to give one an appetite for the cheery " hunt breakfast" one saw staged in act 2, and the " laying of the ghost," in act 3, which cleared up all mystery and and set everything right again and every one at ease, as is the way in well-regala'ed Stage Land. The lady actresses, viz., Mrs. Wisdom as Lady Agatha, Miss Cullum as Lady Dundas, and Miss Potts as Margery, the pert maid, played their parts to the satisfaction of all; as did the gentle men — Mr. Wisdom as Sir Hugh ; Mr. Stewart, ' Tom Wyatt ; Mr. Tyson, the pompous butler ; and Mr. MMdleton, as the man servant. Mr. Priest, who was in good voice, saug " The clang of the hammer," and this was followed by a realistic tableaux exhibition, depicting the "Secret of Sam son's strength. After a short intermission part 2 was opened by another overture equally well per formed as the first one was by the same gifted pimistes. After which was sung a most comic ditty aud chorus by singers, led by Mr. Wisdom, dressed in the drollest burlesque of the uuiform of our "public guardians, bold yet wary." Staff- sergeint Neild then kept fun and laughter going by two excellently rendered humorous recitations. That cheery little comedy, " Uncle's Will," was staged next with much effect, the parts being taken by the same clever trio as on a former occasion, when we had the pleasure of printing a somewhat detailed aceonnt of it. Miss Cullum, Mr. Ken wood, and Mr. Herbert S. Vincent, as Florence Vloii /ml o All on/1 I'll o rl P<tr>imAi>a wa. .UUHJV/tU, UUU VUttl i'.o VtMUtUUlC spectively, fully inauikiiuiug on this occasion also the reputation for historic ability (wiiich Miss Cul lum possesses in a marked degree) that they then established. Before the curtain fell Mr. J. Healey on behalf of the School of Arts committee, came forward and thanked the ladies and gentlemen who had taken part in the entertainment, observing at- tlie same time that he regretted there was not a better house, which he thought must be attributed to the unfavorable state of the weather. He hoped to sec the programme repeated on a future occasion, when he was sure there would be a larger at tendance. 