/ . HOW A GOOD SHIP WAS LOST. . On the night of Uctobr 27th, 1842, the good 6hip ." Mary: Comptnn." of Bristol, England, was straggling with a tearful gale off the coast of North America. The wind blew f ariousiy, but the weather was clear, and the Captain expected every momeut to get sight of the light in the lighthonse marked on the Don Ro:k Sho.ils. This lighthouse marked the entrance to the h irbour. Once there, and they were safe. Sure of his position, he sailed on con; fidently. Five minutes later <he ship struck with a tearful shock and went to pieces. Four men, in- cluding tne Uapt.aia, were saved un reaching the : shore they f»nnd';ft strange thing had happened. An enemy of the ligbtbou e keeper had bound him hand and foot and extinguished the light. Souls, as well as ships, st-er by the lights. Hope is the most important li -hthouse iu the world. What shall lie said of the man who darkens it in the face of a storm-tossed spirit ? "You are beyond human aid. " These words were paid by a physician to a woman who had come to consult Him, Admitting that he thought so, had he the right to say so? No; for he might be wrong — and in any case he had no business to put out the light. This woman had been ill for some time. In June, 1839, she was greatly alarmed by her symp toms. Her heart palpitated, and she was eo giddy " and," she eaid, " all objects seemed to go into a cloud. " She had to hold heriolf up or sit down for: f ar of falling. She broke out: ini a sweat although cold at death. A 'Hvadful cough rricked : h :r frame so that she could not lie down . in bed and sleep. " I could scarcely crawl about the house," she' say, "I was so weak. I tried different remedi-s . and medicines without avail. I went to the Dis- . pensary at New kriggate and asked the doctor to teSl.me the worst.- His answer was, I have mixed you.sume medicine ; you can take it or leave it. I took it, for. three weeks, then gave up in despair. . "I ta ked w th two other physicians. The last one Baid— ' You are past human aid.' . " -My heart sank , within me, for I had five little children,.and my death would. leave them without a mother's love and carc. I went home and cried till I was sick. I had no. appetite and had lost flesh till I was thin as a ghost I My. . mother came to see me and did not know ine. My skin was of a green and . yellow colour, and when I ate any thing it seemed to stick in my throat. About this time T commenced vomiting, and what I Ihrew up 1 was tinged with blood. Once I begun to vomit at j nine o'clock on a Saturday morning, and scarcely j got rest from it until Monday morning. j " At this time I remembered that Mrs WUson, with whom I formerly worked in Crawford's Mill, ' in Kast-street, Leeds (where I live), had., been cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. So I sent to Mr Jesson's, the Chemist, in Grcat Gardcn- si.r.-et, and got a bott.e. A few doses stopped, the vumiting, . and by. degrees from .day to day, I felt better. Soon I could eat a dry crust, and by the time I had finished the second bottle I had gut over a 1 my bad symptoms, and was fust getting my strength back. I am now (April, 1890) in better health than ever before in my life. " I should have taken Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup sooner, but tny husband was out of work, \- aud we. had only a trifle coining in from his. club, but , I thank God I did get it at last, and it cured ine, bad off as I was. All my frieuds and neigh- boars know the facte. .- 1 , have related, and . I will reply to any letters of. enquiry." (Signed), Mrs A'-n M lis, 40 Bread-street, York Road, Leeds. This", was a. case of indigestion and dyspepsia, w.th symptoms showing how far it had affected the nervous system. . A few months, or possibly weeks more, and Mrs Mills would have had no tale to tell. S e did wron ; to wait one hour for any reason after h-iying kiiown what Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup had done for . her friend, M rs NVilson. 