SOU IH AFRICA. . OboM otra own oonnss^ONnsnT.) PORT ELIZABETH, Apbil.2), 1891. uu tne eve ot a departure tor an all round cruise, 1 date yoa from this delight ful spot, which claims to be the Liverpool of 8onth Africa — a fact that says little to tbe credit of the city by the Mersey. It is a selfish iohos^itable bole, and the only | thing it is prodigal of it dust. Young ' streets of it fly about during the south : e asters, and generally things fiom your 1 temper to your tooth-pick are distinctly gritty.- It is built on a hill, with one busi* i ness street running along the base, and j from a picturesque point of view it ie a j a blank lailure. Its harbor is the terror of I tbe coasters, and well it may be, as but a few years ago no fess than 13 vessels were : driven ashore aad broken np ia oae day. i Grahamstown, its neighbor, 120 miles cfT by i rail, is very English, aud is E8 full of churches i as a churchyard is full of ghosts. It is I appropriately called the eaintly city, and, ! generally speaking, it is the ditto of Ade laide, wiih a real live bishop, and it is the one educational centre for the colony. I leave for there to-morrow, andChence go to Kimberiey— the diamond field— and after wards to Bechuanaland, with a run back ! to Natal, and then a cruise to Zambeeia to follow, eo that when next I write I shall have experiences to relate. Mr Cecil J. Rhodes, Premier of Cape Colony, managing director of tbe British 8onth Africa Company, chief proprietor of the De Be6rs Consolidated Diamond Mines, and millionaire (aud withal a bachelor), who has recently returned from Boglasd, having, together with Sir Henry XiMh, been summoned thither by Lord Salisbury to confer concerning the Portuguese ques tion, and wae 'lionised' to each an extent, is a most unassuming man, and one whose appearance is altogether misleading. Stand ing over 6ft, stout, and red-faced, about 87 years of age, one would diagnose him to be a well-to-do genial farmer ratber than a clever statesman. He is. eccentric to a degree, and careless in email things, such as dross. As for correspondence, he has seldom been known to answer private letter*, aod in an old packing case in his modest room in Rimberley may be seen hundreds of letters bearing ' crests and coronets' which have been merely scanaed over and thrown in the historic old case. Earls and Dukes and Lords write asking what prospects there are in this part of the world for their younger sons ; others write Mr Hhodes asking his opinion as to invest ment of capital; others giving their un solicited opinions as to South African matters ia general. Lucky ia the man to whom the Premier takes a liking. He has a warm heart, and ia exceedingly generous. It may be remembered that he donated £10.000 to the cause of Home Ru'e for Ireland, £nd Mr Pato6j} became his very attached friend, and bas corresponded with him evei since. It is a well known fact that Sir Hercules Robinson owes hi* present effluence to having in vested bis capital in a mode .suggested by Mr Rhodes. Without doubt he is the South African man of the time, and indeed has a reputation for ** level he*dedueBs'and for seeingness beyond South African boun daries. He causes, it may safely be asserted, much unrut to the 'powers that bd'at Lisbon jast now. His dr^ms of en United South Africa extending from Capetown to Zambesia are in a fair way of becoming realised. The developmentof Moshcnaland, Manica, aud Matabaleland under tbe aus pices of bia company— ihe B.S A. Chartered Company -of which tbe Duke of Ab&rcora; ia chairman, is going ahead, but nothing moch cau be done until Ihtge tquabr-1 j* and disputes about teiritories with Portugal are settled. Within the last week or two Portuguese officials havB eefzftd liJoglish steamers, fired at uroepectlng parties, in sulted the English fltg, aud committed otherflagraut acts againrt the modut vivendi with England, in the vicinity of the Lim popo and Pangwe rivers on the Bast Coast. Bat yesterday (23rd April) news arrived of a prospecting party he»ded by Sir John WiUoughby being fixed at on attempting to land at Port Bsira, Pungwe, in order to reach Mashonaland via that route. Their tug boats were seized, and the party, so the news says, were treated very badly. A cable published to-day states that Lord Salisbury has demanded an explanation from Portugal concerning this outrage, and until a reply is received no action will be taken. For purposes of protection tbe Eagl'sh flag in Africa and the Bouth Pacific seems to be tbe most ineffectual piece of bunting iu tbe world. The Portu gese at present simply ignore it and every thing Boglish, but this caonot go on much longer. The U.S.A.. Company's forces are gettiog impatient, bnd unless a settlement is come to prior to the expiration of tbe modut vivendi, which occurs about the middle of next month, some serious event may occur. You have a cry in Australia that ' the Chinese must go here it is the Portuguese. During tbe next 12 months trade along the Ea%t Coast i s likely to in crease, aud one question to be settled is— can Portugal tax goods entering every' unopened port between Deisgoa Bay and Mrzamblque. Her own trade is practically nil. She will do nothing in thft way of harbors or other improvements, or assist other people, aud only deeires to keep quiet and levy blackmail, like the Fiji chief uoder tbe nefarious v L\la ' eystem, ' legalised in that benighted country. Por- 1 tugai, however, wHi no docbt be made t i : understand that this position is unleuabln. I That she lias right to a narrow strip of | land on the coast is undeniable* and ff she : wehfteady to mnoWledgmrttg±e&£btta-N tag 'obllgatfeas no; question ooald £uise. flut.nnleas reoent events have changed her. tradltygul -.polloy :*ety po^aideranlyi ehe will not be *reaay.td -progress witlf the times ; and now that others are prepared to do what Ao might bave done 200 yeas ago, she cannot hope to pursue much longer the .tactics of obrtruction pure. and. simple. Lord Balisbury.in his .dta!ings with, Por tugal bee always had .to remember ber weakfteeb and tottering monarehyi and tbat she has . imposed on this Tery weakness there remains no shadow of doubt. But the question will be forced to work itself out very ehortty now, people are waiting until it does so be fore proo*eoing to these new lands in the north. If all we beer of the vast richness uf .the Mesh?n*iaud and Uenlcaland be true, there will doubtless be a tremendous rush to thoee places. For a long time i people's eyes have been turned to th*se I northern te&Htotied;, thd ft only requires a little temptation to eend thousand^ of able-bodied men off to. tbe prospective El Dorados. But tbe journey is a fearfully long end dreary one, and few yet care to risk it «i:h -ut more definite and reliable news then is at . present obtainable. It is said that shafts have been sunk lOOEt at mauy separa'e place?, end reefs are proved permanent and of extraordinary rich ness, especially at Hartley Hill, ttaioe River, end'Loh&gundas.; Thete places are ell separated by over a hundred miles, and are in Menical&nd;, the territory over whica Portugal claims influence. Not much has yet b#en liesrd nbout alluvial gold, though it is confidently believed to exist ia vast quantities, and there are eome people quite fntbuslastic in their belief that the gold for Slug Solomon's Temple came from tho:o riotous Rider Haggard's 'King Solomon's Minfts' then may yet b's dis covered, aud truth assert itself stranger than fiction y*t again. Tbe Orange Free Sttte fs now conneoted with the Cttpe'Colony by rail, built solely «t theexpsnse of the Cape Government in orderto secare tbe trade of the 8tate before I M fair Katal ' Kid heads upon It with her line from the other side. It is without precedent — a colony building railways free of char,ce for a Foreign State; -nnd, more*, over, Mr ft^i'z. the Orange Free State : President, aud his Government determined -. to all they could since the Cap 9 evinced I so rohch greed, and actually stipulated that j half railway profits ehou'd go to their Cillers, but tbey would stand no risk of Jofs! Bir Oordcn Spring's Government, then V power, agreed to tuin, ani also to the clause for purchase by the Free State, any lime they feel so inclined, of the whole lice withia their territory at a valuation. To ehow the absurdity of the whole ques tion, fancy Victoria a foreign country, and building railways irom the other side of the Murray down to Sydney, aud handing tbe New South Walos Government half of the profits! This line to Bloemfontein, Pr«e State capital, is never likely to pay. Certainly passenger traffic at present is large, but that will eoon fall off. Dutch people born and bred along tbe lioe of rail who have never been beyond the precincts of their own farms now take the oppor tunity offered of a ride in the spoor weg. One hoary-haired old gentleman last week who came to Port Elizabeth on a holiday tour, caught sight of the creat ocean f«r the first time in his life as the train drew Into the station, be shouted to tbe people ou the platform in Datch— M;You say it is so dry here, but this is the biggest dam I ever saw in my life ; why do I you complain so loudly of drought ?' Adverting again to railways, the revenue ] of the colony shows a serious decline, and it is an open secret tbat thany tides (politi cal ones) do not pay tbe cost of fuel con sumed. They are badly managed, and in any other plccs tbou Cape Colony euch management would not be tolerated. Little Natal can teach them many a wrinkle in railway management- In thie colony, with 300 iLilte more open than was the case in March Ubt yecr, tbe receipts for last month show a of £25,000 as compared with those of March. 1690 Business gene rally of all kinds in South Africa at the preeeut lime is vtry depressed, and unless Ma6honaland 'cornea off' there is a very bad outlook ahead; but tbe rule of 'np? and downs ' applies to South Africa a good deal more than it does to Australia, and there is generally five years' 'prosperity' to three of depression. Over two of the latter have now pawd, and those 'inthe know ' nod their heads and whispar low that the days of 'boom' will be with us by the end of the year again — either ' in the shape of Mas honaland or some other Ei Dorado. The pigmle3 spoken of by Stanley in ' Darkest Africa' are likely, poor eouls, to have a rude awakening from the blissful eorcof existence they now enjoy, for a cer tain Mr Scbufelot ii on his way to Zan zibar, commisaioued by the managers of the Chicago Exhibition, to procure — buy, birrow,or steal, are probably the instruc tions— for them a family of those interest ing people. Tippoo Tib, Stanley'* bete noir, i- to be the go-between in the transaction, and doubtless he will Aid means of carry ing out the wishes of his employers if they pour sufficient ' palm fie' into his itching hands. Such enterprise is worthy of poor, dead old Baraum, but from a humane point of view it is best to leave the discussion of it severely alone What with the English, Germans and Portuguese the poor un sophisticated inhabitants of Africa have not being having a remarkably happy time of late, but this Idea o'* procuring them for show purposes out llerods everything (to what base uses, etc)- Mr 3hufelot is al--o cosnmi ;sloned to procure 41 ppeciment*' of ell the other numerous tribes of native i obtainable (a liTge order) Taey will em bark in a schoo.ior from a Wo--t Coast port, and proceed to tbe Coast of Fiorida to get climatised before be^'ng taken to Chicago. In ths eaintly ci;y of Grahamstown (South Africi). which in eaid to contain one church to every 60 inhabitants or ther^ftbouts, there rising a woman whose wit devise a siajpl* way oat of a very esricus difficulty. Her mottn is *'aetim ;' eh» does not watte time iu thinking The city has lately teea coucerned about the increase of assaults on European women by natives. Numerous remedies for the stamping out of the complaint were sug g«hted, but it waa lefc for a woman to devise the most eff-ctive cure. She wrote (o one of the local papers advising ber sisters to g«.t a revolver and practice hall firing ubt1'! you are a eood shot. Then, if a Kitfir speaks to you pboot him down, and ask him what be wants afterwords ; but at all events bare bim oo hi-* back before you listen to whs*, he has to say.' There is only one objection to this pretty proposal. Judges and juries, even in the *? darkest' pieces of Dart Arric*, hava aa awkward way of treating p«r^n«, or female, who ahoot a tn in ftr -t and abk him what he wanu afterward ; : but there's nothing like the wit of woman ! Tor OrioM Tbiffic.— Speaking at the romu&] me^tiug of the Anglo-Indian Tem perance Association »ecently beld in Lou don, the chairman (Mr 6.6mith, M P.), who ppoke from personal knowledge, said:— A lirge part of the revenue cf the Indian Government was derived from tbe trade in opium with Cbina, end the Chinese had been treated most shamefully in past years in OT&er; to force this pernicious drug upon them. Eighty or 90,000 chests of opium, cr 503 truck loads, were sent to China every year, and tbe danger of this could be realised when he told ihem that one truck load of opiua contained enough poisou to kill the 58,000,000 of people in the Britleh Isles Five hundred times that qaentiey was sent to China every year, and ft was largely used not orjly there but elflo in Indi*,'Barmah, and other dependencies of the British Crown, and beyond tbta other drugs were sold by ths Government even worse in their c-ltects than opium. Ue maintained that the time liad come when the Legislature chould bs prfssed not only j to fully carTy out tho law on thU question, j but also to add whatever further enact ments were necessary. 