VICTORIA. AECHDIOCESE OF MELBOURNE. IIECTUBE BT'WHE ABCHBISHOP. On the 29 th tilt, the Archbishop of Melbourne delivered an instructive lecture before the members of the eoflality attached to St. Patricks College. The attendance was not limited to the sodalists only, for there wis a very large percentage of non-members and ladies present. The prefect of the sodality, Mr. Eickaby, B.L., presided. His Grace selected as the tide of his address, "Good, Bad, and Indifferent." He commenced by stating that if a friend met a friend in the street end inquired after his health, he usually rnfet with the reply that it was either ctfod, bad, or indifferent, so with most of the actions of our lives they were said to be good or bad or indifferent. Ho was febout to speak to them of actiofts of the human will, and would endeavour to explain what it was that caused human aotioris to be designated good or bad. There weTe several opinions expressed by different authors on the matter, but he would confine himself to three, inasmuch as these three represented the prevailing thoughts amongst men of the present day on the subject. 'Those present had, no'doubt, heard of the moral sense which was recognised by Baany as the foundation of the distinction between good and bad. By the moral sense was understood a certain inherent quality in man by which he feels the distinction between right and wrong, a faculty which was in a word a sixth sense. His Grace then went on to prove in a very able manner that this opinion was a groundless one, because the distinction was not a matter of feeling, but of judg-, ment. .The second opinion was that advanced by those who called themselves socialists, who eaid that the distinction is the result of that association of idea which is ever growing in a person's mind* and which showed him that oert∈ acts -were good because they were useful to himself. His Grace concluded by affirming that the distinction was to be found in the human reapon. Men passed a judgment on action as to whether they were morally good 01 bad. A judgment WBB an act of,the reason, .andit^as therefore in the understanding that we should seek for the distinction between good and bad. In the reasons of all men would be found the power to come to thB conclusion thut there are certain principles ©f morality which should be observed. The very idea of the morality of an aotion implied the existence both, of some extrinsic standard and of some supreme power. All actions were good which conformed to the eternal law of God, and those were bad whioh did not. Mr. Eickaby. B.L., in calling upon Mj. CWUible't^ propbse aVote of thanks to his Gfa'cej' mentioned the indebtedness of the,'sbfltditlr to pi. Cfei* tor his ttM£ ssriricBs'to ft OnlhtttxmeraMe occasions. ' r. J r Gfombietbbk ocOasidn to oontey i GrK6e the congratulations of the liWofttfcbfcttttttment of his silver jtflaiiiijj^' tw •Mr. p. G. DafEV,' B.L., seconded the vot*W1ihjitiks, : irfdcfc wis carried with CHUBOH OF THB IMMACULATE XIOK, HAWTHOES. CONCEP The ceremony of blessing the corner stone of the extension of this church will tdke place on Sunday at the II o'clock Mass. ftev. Isaac Moore, S.J., will preach oh the .occasion. The Very Bet. Vi. Browne,' S.J., will p?each in ' the evening. ' .'; , ' LJAGTJB OF THB CBOSS. •Theninth monthly concert. in connectien'With'St. Francis' branch of the IMMl^'Gross wis helditt the Hi^fiflfcti Hall on Monday evening, and passed 'bffas,Successfully is 'any of its pr^scessbw-'T^ proceeds were in aid of'fifc^kus^w^s school, Bourke-street, which, ju|ging,p^ the attendance, should benefit: largely., The names of the following ladies and gentlemen appeared on ihe torogcMnme for a variety of songs, wsmtalions, and danoesMisses Harper, M O'S&livan.; K. Gunfl, Bail#y, Baker, 1\. ttfllea, 1 Cosgriff, r A. Moroney ; Messrs.'Bhwr, Tobifi, Llbyf'FeatherstonelMtfi, MahMt.fchdO'fiburto. ' The Itet' J. J-iJf^^cprtsided. r ; . At tlie lO.Sp MftM in the Sacred Heart OhiiebTi. ^^om^iiiaay, a new prgiui wuTbeiued fa jfte time. : Haydn's aodAspnm eermoniwiu J>e;preaohe the BerTU. Keatrt*. . ln theerwung theEer. T. Qoion will preach. KGBTH MHTIBOUBNE bojTVEIfT. His Grace the Archbishop of Melbourne will bless and open St. Joseph's Convent of otfr Lady of Mercy on Sunday, 14th Junto, tit 3 p.m. His Grace will preach on the occasion. PEESENTATION TO BEV.J. BAIT. The Efcv. J. Daily, who was recently transferred from Kyneton toDandenong, was onThursday, 28th ult., the recipient of an address and purse of sbvereigns from the Catholics of Kyneton. The Rev. 'M. Eyan presided, arid the presentation was made by Mr. John ] Barry, who accompanied -the gift with a few remarks expressive of the esteem in which Fr. Daly was held by the Catholics of Kyneton. The address was as follows:— TO THB BEV. J. DAIIT. Eev. and Dear Sir,—We gladlyavail ourselves of this opportunity to express to you the general regret felt by the Catholics of the parish of Kyneton at your departure from amongst as. At the same time, we feel pleased that our beloved Archbishop saw fit to reward your unobtrusive piety, your energy and devotion to the sacred cause of religion and Catholie education, by placing you in oharge of the important parish of Dandenong. Daring the greater portion of your residence in Kyneton the weighty, responsibility of controlling the schools of the parish rested on you, and we know how well you discharged the duty. Every school in the mission evidences the good result of your untiring labours, about which exi6te hut one opinion—that the good work was done faithfully and well. Your efforts in church building in Taradale were wonderfully successful, as that portion of the parish contains but few Catholics, and those, with very few exceptions, belong to the labouring class. The opening day of that new ohuroh presented to many who were there a very great and very agreeable surprise. The cburoh and grounds were complete, and perfectly finished inside and outside^ althosgh no appeal for helphad been made in the other portions of the minion. It would not be right to omit some reference to the great success that attended the late bazaar, which resulted in a net profit of over £1300. Without desiring in the least degree to lessen the large amount of work done by others which helped to secute that splendid result. it is only doing bare justice to give the lion's share of the credit to you, as you had the greater labour and responsibility in connection with it. Dozens of other matters oould be referred to, showing the influence you exercised for the good of schools, ohurch, and Catholic people ; but all these are too fresh id our memories to need recital. We (inly desire that you will oooasionally te-" member the people here for whose benefit you laboured so successfully, and we beg your aoceptance of this purse of sovereigns as an expression of feeling that will long endure regarding you of the most friendly and affectionate oharacter. Wishing y ou every sncoess in your new parish, ;and praying that God will always give you strength to disoharge your sacred duties for many, many, years to come, we beg to subscribe ourselves your affectionate friends, (Signed) HUGH RAWSOK, J.P. MABTIN M'KENNA, J.P. JOBN BABRY. BICHABD DABGAN. B. W. COCK. J. SKEHIMi. T. J. O'HANLON. . A. Dot*: B. O'HOOAN. C. O'CONKOB. Wit. SMITHWICK. nd several others. Kyneton, 26th May, 1891. • >< Fr. - Daly, , in acknowledging' the estimonial, Said that he: wotild prize their generous gift»> not ineed for its intrinsic worth.bntasa mark of appreciation from his Catholic friends in the Kyneton mission. - He could assure them in all sincerity that he had spent the happiest hours of his life in Kyneton, and that his sorrow at leaving it was indeed great. Before he came to Kyneton he had frequently heard his predecessors characterise the people of Kyneton as hospitable, sociable,, and generous; and on nisarrival hero he found these accomplishments fully verified. The successes in his undertakings, which were attributed to him, were due to the people them: selves; who had always willingly and geherously assisted him. He could not overlook the Very Eev. Dean Gjeoghegan, whose many years of labpur in Kyneton had endeared him to his flock, and. whoso radical advice and good example Ee [Fr. Daly) had always endeavoured to profit by. He was also deeply indebted to Fr. Eyan. who bad beciijan able participator ill his labours, andmth whom ho lived in the ; ptoses* bottds pf friendship, and parted, j regret. He 'heartily conjajratol^rad the people of Kyneton' ^ hMfci * W W ' successor to him aft the wrwft Rgv. J. O'Brien; who, lie. j^/ ty™ him welll tod faithfully. He cotud fully convey his feelings to Ahem by words, and trusted that, if he left any- =an»aid which it was iiis duty to 'they would take the will foe the SBTBEAT AT THB CATHEDRAL A retreat for the members of the confraternity of the Holy Family attached to the Cathedral commenced on Sunday evening. The retreat is being conducted by Fr. Cleary, S. J., and most, if notallof the members of the confraternity have availed themselves of its privileges. The retreat will continue during the coming week, when the exercises of which will be for the men of the parish. ST. GEOBGE'S, CABIITON. The retreat conducted by the Eedemptorist Fathers at St. George's, Carlton, concluded on Sunday evening. Ihe last week's exercises were exclusively for the men of the parish, who attended in very large numbers, and at the 7.30 Mass on Sunday morning received Holy Communion. Altogether 1400 women and men received the Blessed Sacrament during the retreat. One hundred and twenty new members joined the women's branch of the Confraternity of the Holy Family, which is, perhaps, the most flourishing in the colony and eighty the men's branch, the great majority of the latter being young men. On Monday evening the Archbishopvisited St. George's, and addressed a large assemblage on the subject of temperance, the happy result being a large accession of members to the League of the Cross. Previously this body numbered 300 members in Carlton. A four days retreat for the children of the mission was conducted during the final week of the Father's stay at St. George's, and terminated with a general communion on the Feast of Corpus Ghristi. In all its features this mission of the Eedemptorist Fathers was one of the most successful they have conduoted in the colony. CATHOLIC SCHOOLS AT THE TTNITEBSITT. The list of successful candidates for the recent matriculation examination, 1891, was posted at the University on Saturday. The following are the names of the pupils who succeeded in passing from the Catholic schools:— St. Patrick's College.—Henry Michael Crosbie, William Edward Douglas, Joseph Antonio L'Estrange, Edward Patrick Martin. St. Francis Xavier's College, Kew— Thomas Richard Aioysius Fleming; Thomas Peter Paul Morrissy. Holy Ghost College, Ballarat.—William Henry Freer Hill; Gerald William Smith wick. Convent of Mercy, Geelong.—Amy Dnmarefeq; Sara Marron. Star of the Sea Convent, Elsternwick.— .Julia Teresa Fitzgerald. Loretto Training College, Ballarat.—Agnes Josephine Clare Hooley. Brigidine Convent.—Mary Spfuhan. Convent of Mercy, Kyneton.—Jane Clare Conway. DAYLESFOED. •The annual distribution of prizes to the children attending the Soman Catholic Sunday school was made at St. Peter's school-room, tinder the auspices of St. Peter's Christian Doctrine Society, on Tuesday evening, the 26th ult. In the abBenoeof the spiritual director of the society, the Eev. M. Gough, the presi- ent, Mr. T. Shortill, took the chair. here was a very large attendance. The programme opened with a performance >y the children of the Sunday school, under the management of the head teacher, MisB Dyer, who played the accompaniments, assisted by tbe vicepresident of the Christian Doctrine' Society, Miss Agnes Meere. The efforts of the little ones were loudly applauded, and at the conclusion the prizes were presented.' The books werfe suitable for the occasion. Those for the advanced pupils were historical works, beautifully bound. The prizes w;ere presented in the following order bv the Eev. M!. P. Curran, who arrived late, and who acted for Fr. Gough :— Cuss I.—Willio Kennedy, 1; Phillip Kennedy, 2 ; Michael Ilannigan, 3. ; . CLASS II.—Nellie Kavanagb, 1; Nellie Hennessy, 2; Lena Bebbechi, 3. CLASS III.—Annie Lynch, 1; Freda Young, ; Hilda Bradley, 3. CL&SS; IV.—Jane Lewis, 1; Katie Durning, ; Maggie Adami, 3. , CLASS V.—Hubert Bebbechi, 1; James Doyle, 2; Willie Woosnam, 3. CLASS VI.—Percy Rodgere, 1; Edward Kennedy, 2; Neena Adami, 3. A number of prizes, were also given for good attendance- After the prizes- were presented a musical programme was rendered by a number of amateurs, including Fr. Curran, Mrs. Daly, Mrs. Shortill, Miss 'Riley, Mr. Sharkey, Mr. Stewart, and Mr. Shepherd. A vote of tbanks to the performers was proposed by the chair- : man, ahd'respondod to by the hon. secre •tary.Ilt.,?. ?;jtfnrphy. From our Correspondent A meeting, convened by circular, of the friends of the inmates of our Lady's Orphanage was held at the convent on Sunday afternoon last. The Ven. Arch- Deacon Slattery, presided, and gave the handsome donation of £50 to the funds. It was resolved to organise a monster art-union. The other principal donations were—Dr,Croker, £25; Means M. O'Grady, £10 10s.; "W. Abraham' £10 103.; Kerley Bros., £10 10s.; J£ M. Hassett, £5 53.; E. Kenny, £5 5s.; J. Moloney, £5 5s. 5 D. O'Brien, £5 5s. Mrs. Kerley, £5 5s.; and Mrs. Sheridan^ £5 5s. Prizes were promised by P. Kernan, Mr. J. F. Tully, J.P., Meg! dames Tully, O'Grady; Potter, M'Goni. gal, Bourke, and Misses Mathews, Hogan, Mansfield^ Cahill, and Hassett. An energetic and' influential committee was appointed to manage the affair, and no doubt a splendid success will be th® result of their labours. 