' J IJl'erwGod' Rheiiiiiatie Club. This highly popular institution, hav ing survived their annual meeting, arc "now preparing to' electrify ', anil! amuse the public during the winter evenings. When it is remembered' that its mem bers aro worthy, on the word of an M.P, of appearing before the crowned heads of Europe, there can be'no exaggeration -in stating that they aro equally worthy of appearing before tlie - deadheads ' of. Ul- verwood. That they inay achieve stillj further success in tin".: direction, the' members are busily rehearsing cntiroly! new and original part songs; > etc., tract 'preparing to place' on tile " stage 'a sen-j sational acrio-comic tragedy. A littlej bird that has its ricstidb'dvis Hio'stnga at; the Town Hall, has given us some par-; ticulars.whiclrhnvenot-hithorto'leakcd' out, as to the-trcat in store.: . --p ! . Mra'Pilz'fntrick wilt"singO s I - | " I borrowed fivo hob from O' Brady" I u his , inimitable stylo. as sung- (before, Her Majesty Queen Victoria. Herj Majesty remarked to the Lord Chancel lor, tliat-ah'o had never beard- a :sing likoi it beforo, and ordored Mr. P. to appear; befpro her to, bo knighted. Mr. P. jiow-i ever, mindful of the dignity of the Club,; declined the proffered honour. j , ..Mr,. Mr OEcara'si litplo contribution' will take the shape of a solo . "Oliclcarl what ciin ' the matter be" ! with appropriate action. Colic perhaps,! or spasms, the little bird says. The Czar of Kussia, on hearing and seeing! this talenfcu performer, suggested that! be mu3tf.liav<S j swallowcdiiadynamitc bomb, candordcrcd lii» removal, as a Nihilist in disguiso. On Mr. O'D offer ing to shout, the Czar's suspicions . were promptly allayqjT. '"''ril'take'you hbme;agam,Eathleep" will bo entertaining His Holiness the Pope with this charming melody, Mr. Hadden re ceived the .papal benediction, .His Holi ness urging that Mr.1 Hi -should' relurn to his native land as soon as possible, and take the yonng woman with him, / "My Grand-fuf-fuf-father's Clbck," ' by Mr. St. Jessigor, is another new and taking air. The Emperor of Germany remarked that anyone ' who sang in so .taking a manner, needed watching, but having had lus: little, joke, gavq- Mr.St.J. an order for a now watch-koy at 6d. Mr. A. W. Holla's " Ring theTKell, "watchman " is warranted to cure the toothache, and if called upon he will give as ! an' encore , Paddle your pwn canoo." . ; Hot content with singing this latter song, Mr. Hella sometimes essays 'to 'do it, and when showing off beforo the King, of Knmtcliatka,, was ' nearly drowned. Tho grand finajo,: howcypr, .will bo.jthe now and terriblo tragedy, — "Romeo tho Rum'uri, or tho Red- handed Ruffian, of iRcibdy :Sfc." with the following cast : — Romeo Mr. Crust. The Ghost.,. .-. Mr..P. Ridmore The Avenging Angelj - - - L.r.a. !l. . i.Mr«C. T. Hilloy. Old Nick - Mr. E. sawdon. ,.,r- A ctoyi ec.- ;'j r-- .A ! fi , ;; S Scene I.— The farmyard.— Rural fel icity and domestic happiness ; life1 in n 'pig-tye ; grunV/and grow fat trio, 'three little pigs.' Scene II. — The same. — Tho shadow of fate ; 'sqneak'ing- choruB ; the gory knife ! "Ber - lood ! " Scene' III;—1 The stid -\>f Messrs. Weights -'and1 Scales— Prime : . sucking-pig' 5d pork fid ; ba- . con and-Hams 9d. per.lb; MV 'ivACT' II;'" : - Scene I.— Romeo's bed-chambcr— The . red-handed ruffian. ; alone ; the night-mare \ the ghost ; the spectre pig ; 14 now wake, now. wake, thou butcher man ! what makes thy cheek soj pale ? " Scenell. — -Underground.— Brimstone and Sulphur; the doom of the destroyer; Old Nick and the pitchfork; "turn/ turn, ray wheel." ' Curtain. t NQTI0E8 . OF THE TRESS. The Ulvcrwood Rheumatic Club gave one of their instructive and agreeable eiitertain- merits last night, to an appreciative audience. Tho proceedings were slightly marred ' by fisticuff exhibition between , tfic rival comic- watchmakers, who, however, finally joined hands, and sang " Tho long, and the ; short of if. "—London Timea. The Emperor of China was highly dcr lighted with the foreign singers last night , and said he had . always considered the Chinese Band the most, musical body in existence, but after hearing the Rheumatic Club , must award them the palm.— Pofcfn Court Gazette. . i A reconciliation , most fortunate for the. nation, was effected last evening , between the . Emperor William and 'Prince Bismarck, it appears that both were present at the Rheumatic CluVs entertainment, and toere so much amused that all ill-temper was driven out of them. — Berlin -Deutsche Zcituug. Romeo the Rutn 'un was'ftaged' last' night for the three hundredth time at the Theatre Trancais. Seldom is a play so successful, but the high-class talent, displayed by the Rheumatic Club commands unbroken suc cess.— Paris Figaro. fThis aliould have appeared in our advertis ing coluwus. — Ed. 