HOW A GOOD SHIP WAS LOST. On the night of October 27. 1842 the good ship Mary Compton,of Bristol, England, was struggle with a fearful gale off the coast of North America. The wind blew furiously, but th£ weather m dear, and the captain ezpeoted ewygtoment to get sight of the lickt in the Ifehthcrae on tin ban Book Shoal* Toil lighthouse saadced the eNtrance to the harbor. Once there, tS*S they were safe. Son of his position, be Bailed C« «3fflfiueritly. Fiv?ininatet later the ship atrnbk Mtt • feawol shook and went to piece* Four mcc. inolnfling the captain, were aaved. On rPaohiPeT toe shore tluyloaad««batwe tbiaffhwliwppcneil. An aunty of tin Bgnthouje-keeper bad baasi bin band atd foot and extinguisbed the light. Soak, ac well aa ships, steer fay the lights, Hope is the mart important lighthouse in the world. What shall be said of the man who darkeni it in the law of a ■tom-towed •pint ? M Xou are beyond hitman aid,™ These wordi wer? said by ft idiysioian to a woman who had come to consult him. Admitting that be thought so. had ha the right to sayso? Xoj j for he might be wrong—and in any case he had no business to pat out the light. This woman had been ill for some time. la Janet 1889, ahe was greatly alarmed by her symptoms. Her heart palpitated, and ahe wm bo giddy die could enroely stand. Her head whirled "and.'die said, "«U objects seemed to go into a cloud." She had to hold herself op or tit down for fesr-of falling. She broke oat in a sweat although cold aa death. A dreadful congh racked her frame co that Ike could not lie down in bed and (leap, II" I could scarcely crawl about the boose,' abe ray?, "I was bo weak, I tried different remedies and medicine* without avail. I went to the dispensary at New Briggate and asked the doctor to tell me the wont. Hia answer was, * I have mixed yon some medicine; you can take it or leave it.' I took it for three weeks, then gave np in despair. •'I talked with two other physicians. The last one said.' You art pact kuman aid.' "My heart sank within me for I had fire little cbDdien, and my death woold leave them without a mother's iove and care. I went home and ctied till I m sick I had no appetite and bad lost flesh till Z wax thin at a ghost I My mother came to see me and did not know me. My skin was ol a green and yellow color, and when I ateauy thing it seemed to ettok in my threat. About this time I commenced Tomitiog, and what I threw np was tinged with blond. Oace I began to vomit at 9 o'clock on a Satnr<?ajf mornicjr and eoaroely got rest from it nctil Monday mominp. "At this time I remembered th«t Mrs. Wilton, with whom I formerly worked in Crawford's mill, in East street, Iteeds (where I live), bad been cored by Mother Seigel's Oara tive Srrap. 80 I cent to Mr. Jeaaon's, the 4&en;>?t, in Great Gatien street, and got a bottle. A few dctr.s stopped the vomiting, and by degrees from daj tn d?y I fett batter, Sim I could ?s>t * dry ernst, asd by the time I bad fioisbed the eteoad battle I had got over all 114: bad ttymptoaat and was fart set tic? try etteopth back I am now (4prfl I£9G) in better bcitth thao ever before in n>j : liTe. "I sbonld have taken Mother SeJgdVl Curative Syrap sooner, bat my husband was oat o! work wad we had only a trifle owning in frcm ineciob, but T thank God I did «ettt at last. Bed it eared me, bad off as I TO, All [ my friends and neighburs know tfce fasts I • have related, and I will reply to any letter* of : enquiry." (Signed) Mrs. Ann Mills, 40, ; Bread afreet, York road, Jjeod*. i This was a ease of indigestion and dyspepsia, : witbtymptoms ehowiaghow fa* it bad affejtad the nervous system. A few months, or possibly j weeke more, and Mrs. Mills would have had no • tale to fell. She did wrong to wait one hour \ for any reason after having known what : Mother Seigel's Gnrative Symp tad done for \ bar friend Mrs. Wilson. SlSaxexSltflUS ; 