'?: ^WMJ^tSKY1 ' Si&' .3Kr@lB.© Musings by the Way. ? ri i.'.'Br ' Philanthkopos.' ' .,?.-. :?'. ? .i-.-ii:1-..--No:64.' -;-;i-- ?!-:i'-' ? Although; dating frum' the' tiino of 'John Wesley, ? Whitneld and others; there has been an /undoubi'ed' anil ''remarkable revival' ini spiritual ;tea'chiugp,! jtb'ere has: Leon a correBponding|di8play of individual opinion's in the place of n.' Catholic repre BentatiTn of '(Jhriat's truth. 'This is only what'might be expected— ia tibe.' re-bound or rK-'acti'iri'thfir' i's :iilwii,v'8' a liability of swinging to the' othtv extreme, lu all ages- fioin the Af,o3tolic days 'till ihe prtsenttntre- have' been able aud' devout men, who not only by their lives, but more eBppcially by their teaching, have' laboured earnettly to set 'before mankind the laith bhcel delivered.1 ' This was e8pe(;ially notice able 'in tho tenth and fourteenth centuries, as W* 11 as ' from the close of ' the eighteenth up t he present time.; How far the preach ing of such men' followed the example of the 'fii-.t teacher, '-it; would be somewhat difficult to determine; but we may be sure of this; ' tnat:tha inore cloBely they did so, th'e^inore : they lost their : individualism, ho 'to!; Bpeiak, in1 the grei-t CatholieiBm of Christ's teaching,' the more marked was the; impression 'tbey'prpduced;. the' more lasting their influence, ' ''; ,' ' ''''ji ' ; If we ! examine1 any of those passages which refer direotly to ? the ' wpr'a:'.'' and capacity of the ministers of Chrut, as for instance ' the fourth chapter of the second epistle to St. Timothy, we note that in dealing with : their efficiency' and'ability, special stress is laid upon.. one important function, viz., preaohing. 'Preach the Word,' ;, is' the Apostolic1 iL junction. But : what does this really mean ? To what cause are we bound to' attribute the modern ae'al: in preaching?, ? We can understand that the revival in preaching and the increased earnestness in- '-.the tenth and 'fourteenth centuries were; due in no small measure to the terrible visitations of the plague 'which.'were 'regarded is the judgments of -^od,- but to what are we ta trace the renewed awakening of preaching in; this nineteenth century ? As exceptions prove ttie rule/it'by-'no^meansfpllbws^that Because '.there1 'are . many very 'bright instances ? of '-the1' Gospel- :message being delivered by 'earnest preachers, and being received by willing' hearers, there is there fore not a 'great' deal in 'this -'- aspect of modern Christianity: which is ? both' 'pain- fully unworthy of the Church of Christ'and incapable of producing the effect which, it is :assumed,fcisi. aimed, at. ; If Jwe honestly analyse 'the;:motiye' 'of; much of th'e'.'good which exist^'we mu'st''corifess'with':shame that : a' 'good dealcpf 'it 'arises' oiitof the the sheer-rivalry pf'sectg^-a'rivalry'TvHich, however ?ihevitabie as it may appearl'is in direct opp'o'siti6n-''tp''the 'exp're'ss'teli'ching of lour ?Lora;.''This'riyalryis1ciear|y'proved by the fait -that--itnis cften'^'u-i/derlaken when1 opportunities' are' mbs# 'abundant. I would npt fora'mdment-dehy^in'd^ed, it would' be mdsf;ufc charitable to.do'so-j-thai; good'may^result^ih' individual ?'casesy for there' isitruth-;eii.bugh,1in the^Gospel^'how eyer imperfectly presented ''6r!'clp'u'ded by error, liivreach the heart-.-' 'iSt.'Taui alludes to 'this 'in' his 'Epistle to^th'e'PhilippianB (iv -i5-^-18)— 'tThV'vonle J preach'VChrist of cpntentionj'not sincerelyij supposing to add^affliction'to'my bonds'; but the'oth'er of ;16ve;f. ' what,then;notwith8taridiDg:every I way,' whether 'in ; pretence or-- in'truth ! Christ is preached/andl therein do'rejbice, ,yea,' and will; re]-6ice.'-'r;.-This 'liberal'view | of the matteris'quitelbst' sight .of noWa days by the majority of peopleVa'h'd partly ; because there is' another side- to.1 the -^u8b- tion. People unfortunately are;apt'tp-look iupou excitement aB the sole1 or' '?'chief evidence of the HolyJSpirit's work. They measure, usefulness by the powe.r_to excite f eelin gsV : Tfiey£ 'coat o.uiid' i tflueii Cy-1 with earnestness ; and so it is that many are unhappily, led to forsake the^miriistry .'ihat God; has set over them ; i thus it ris.thati schisims and divisions are encouraged1 and; multiplied. .-: I believe, honestly,' that iyoni will find it to be tiue that preaching the-' iGospel is in many ca,3es regarded'- with favour, just in proportion' as the preacher! happens to_set forth, the peculiar .views of' the hearer or of his sect or party; '? '.-1his i surely must be wrong — this must certainly.! render practically valueless a vast amount1 ofenergy. ? . ? ? ..:..?? ?:-?;: mjj: : But my object is not to find; fault or /.be- ] little others — a thankless and unprofitable task at all times. I deeirerrather to try and state as clearly as I can, what it seems to me true Gospel preaching Bhould- be as shewn by the Bible and the practice of the; Apostles of Christ.. . This preaching may be broadly divided into five leading sections, each of which, of ? coutBe, includes many sub-divisions. . First there is: the amazing, love of God ? the Father in Bending His Son into ; the world to save man, lost , originally by Adam's fall and doubly lost by hia constant and repeated sins and transgression ; then 'there is the 'mission of Jesus Christ, His Incarnation, Ministry, Example, Sacrifice, Itesurrection and intercassion ; then the coming and influences of tho Holy Ghost ; the . -foundation ' and establ'shment of 'Christ's Church, the conditions of member ship, the sacraments as the means of imparting, quickening and nourishing tho spiritunl life, the freedom of access to the Father through the Son,, by the Holy Spirit - personal holiness! and lastly Christ's coming for judgement — the eternul reward of the righteous and the condi-mniition of the wicked. These and many other kindred subject are included in the rery comprehensive ti rui Gospel preaching; but you' will notice that there .is nothing which I in the slightest degree 'can Ge said to favour any narrow or party feelings. The very atmosphere of the New Teatnmetat is altogether opposed to such feelings, and,. I care net who may argue to the contrary, 1 am sure that such preaching or teaching as is at 'variance with the plain simple programme of the Gospel as laid down in the Word of God, is mistaken, and will do more harm than good Earnesfr,loving addresses will at all tiini s attract the attention of hearers, but how. great then the responsibility of the preacher, how careful should he be that his teaching ia in harmony with that of Christ's Church and free from. all sectarian or party views. To put the matter in a faw words — preaching the Word or the fiospel ij not enforcing one set of. doctrines' to the exclusion of others, but deliveiing all truth according to the proportion of faith. \- But if tho Apostolic command to 'preach the Word,' eD joins on Christ's ministers that they should be faithful and bold, and that they' Bhould use discrimination and judgment, ;what about the duty ? of the hearers, of the congregation ? .Does the responsibility in this matter rest solely with the.preacher ? Suruly not. Most cer tainly each person who comes in the posi tion of a listener,,; becomes by that vt-ry act of coming' responsible for the: effect produced upon him or her as the case may be. , No one can listen to the exposition of God's Word, however poor and unworthy that exposition may be, without having the ,opportunity-,of receiving, some .instruc tion, some advice, some warning ; for it ia almost inconceivable to imagine it to be so bud., as to.be absolutely barren of; some little good.: . With! the hearers then there must be the responsibility of either accept ing or rejecting that teaohing j or to put it in other words, of attending to or ne glecting the. proffered instruction. I endeavour whenever it falls to my lot in the' course of my duty to instruct the younger members of my flock, to point out to them at the very outset that 1 may do my very bent— I may strain every nerve to impart the fullest instruction that I am capable of, -yet I cannot force that instruc tion. of the results that should follow upon them — I can only do my part as well as I am able.and then my responsibility ceases. It then rests with the person taught to accept' or to.refuse to accept such advice. I'.ca'nnot;eyen tell whether my instructions are, completely] or thoroughly understood,; though it; \is; of course'niy.. great aim : to make them perfectly clear'. Now, doea not the same principle apply : to preaching andrtp;the.relations between, the preach«r and' his ' hearers ? r If j they are .unwilling to be tttughtf^if, ,to Epe'ak.more plairily,' they conde to 'God's ' House withrno determina tion to take spme.lessoQ: away with them, if they have 'no desire to hear and learn, then, however eloquent the rpreacher r niay, be, v&ndf; however- true his 'teaching, J'the opportunity is lost — he has fulfilled his responsibility,- but- ,the shearers 'have not fulfilled':. theirsjiiand ;theyi have-' wasted 'a' chauc'e^whichjias ia the base 'of -FeliXj'^may not occur again. _. j.iA.rtf'.iAL: Tsv.yiAJ/.yA'!; ;n;o ^ I Eay, then, take heed now you hear — not merely? A«?M«{-.y.puhear ; ;that is,j consider1 in what spirit, ^with* .what desire to learnj you listen to God's Word ; and here Jet me impress-upon yoa the fatal mistake of those who regard preaching as the chief part of the'service ; who fail to remember that the' reading- of God's Word alonfe should be 'and may be.g,s full of.ipractical'-instruction a3 the most^perfect sermon — aye, and a great deal imOrJejicou Id ^people';' only think aright. ^And thSiij-bave some regard fdr the matter land the truth »f what you hear-— be sure that'itSs iiot the; mere outpouring of some iexcitedienthusiait 'who -in'- his'ahxietyj.to ! gain proselyte's takes but little thought1 of lanythirig! else;but-that he. may excite the' jfeelitfgsi and^ ?? rouse' -'thti ?; sympathies, of his hearers. As I have said before, eloquence, enthusiasm, and fluericy-'maylbegreataidd to-the preacher, butritheyjafe'.ribt ?everything';''';.Nor'Bh't)uld. the f'hea'refs^'for ,'one ' moment-, hesitate ''in their choicei when it; lies between the ex cited opinions of some party spirit and the truthp' as' feceiye'd' and* taught -by 'the [Church of Chr-isS from th'e^Beginning, and ': ut,h as may alone be ascertained- from. her 'creeds, liturgies, and the practices of holy imeu and women in all ;agds.^ ??? ? v!. ,; '; ? ' ! Of one thing 1 am quite positive, . that under iio circumstance whatever' is a man justified in chopping and changing just as some temporary fancy may lead him. The religion, of such a man is not and never ;will be worth' much. ?? Bet us seek to hear the truth in the part of Christ's .Church in 'which'dur lot is cast.and strive to fulfil the course of our plain duty with prayer for both ourselves and those who are called ?upon to minister to us. . Even one. truth fully received and acted upon will benefit us more than half a dozen half truths not understood, and therefore of no practical value to our spiritual life. ? ' Preach the Word ' is the Apostolic command. Does not this entail the subse quent conclusion that. .that. Word if preached is to be prayerfully' and carefully heard»nd attended to. ' ; : ' ? ' :: 