Tho Last Straw. S".'s Itho lIst straw thiat bscakts thl csinol's bnok," said Luoy, bursting into toars. The pleasnlt .filly sunbieans caie p pih 1 inlto th cool, st Oello-.pave d thiy, wLiroe puns of mililk nitl cream Wiorv railled in orderly ariaiy ; groant slontu pots stood under the shelves, n' d n blue. painlted churn was already plaiced on the tablo for service. Mr. lilellndon was justly proud of his daliry. NoLt n chanco guesot cInno to lish hlious but was invited donli to see it; not a housekooper in thli noighblourhood but secreltlyonvied its ninny conlveniences anld cexquisite inonaliess. " And it isn't tlhe diairy stlono," triumph. nully reonarkedl Muittlinew Jlilloaudlcl. " And youi liy go through thli hiousIs froin garre't to coIllr, anid you'll nov1 r Ilid Ia specik of dust or It staii of ruSl. Tior0o onever wats Hi ii a housokeeplor as ml'y wife." j .Mrs. JJelleltdaon wns young, too, boilng scarcely tlr'eeo.ad.tweuty. hio had bcon delinltcly reared ind lii ilto igniiorin of iall ltho imachinory oif lomestic life, inlil shio iniarried Mllttlionv lllal nditlon. " It's very stra?lige," Lucy haIl writtenl to iher falther. " Thlo ftarn is bonitiful. You never saw suchli monistrotus old ollm trees, nor suchi susperb roses, and lihe Inondows tire full of red clover, ndi tlio strawberries shino like jowels on tho sunny hillsides. jBut nobody skolches or reads, I don't liinik tli ro is it copy of ''Tennyson in ith wliolo neighbourhood, iind no one over licrd of I )oro or INJ illiis. All they think of is how niniy dozens of ieggs li holiss lily, and how minstily cheoees Ihoy i tl illilke in i year. Ands thlo wo. imanis who lits it neiw receipt? for hoino made wint, or ns now pattern for ipatlh work Iiquilts, is theo lender of society." ]hil presently youttg Mrs. ]llloosiden iorsolf caugiilit lIto fevoer, lind beciiosu n iodel housewife . lEx?,iliplo is all poworful, and Lucy b legan to believo that ltio nhawholo nd iand ninl of life was domestic thrift, Inoiioy-saving, and tlio troudinill of work. " My dear," ssid 'Arlltlioew, " if you thouighl you could Rob acloig withouit a servinlit this year, t i night bo able to infford tlint nstow reaipor bofor tiho ont. crop comes in. " I'll try," said Luoy. A indlaortlnlatslo rose before daybreak, and worked later into tho night than over, . " Vhat is thoe matter with your hands, Luoy ?" her husband asked, one day. " They are not so wliito and beautiful as they used to be'" Lucy colored is she glanced dowli at the niembers in question. J" I supposo it is making fires,', she said. And then she took to wearing old kid gloves it lior sweeping and dusting and digging out of iaslhis. " MAy coat is getting shabby," Matt. hlw iiIremarked oneo day. " Whliy don't you buy inuthi r ?t " asked his wife. Mnitliew laulghed ia short. Inaglh. " Wihat do you think Mrs. higgins his doneo?'"said lihoe. "Site ripped iup her husband's old suit and cut a pattern by it, and mnado a now one and saved htinm two potunds." " I could do thnt," said Lucy, with sparkling eyes. "I will try it." " Yout cai do anything, iny dear!" said ýMr. ]lellenduon, indniringly. And Lucy fel that site haid ther rich reward. Company began to eouin as soon as the bright weiather set in. All the nafleetiotiilto rolatiouns of Mr. W]ilenidon soon discovered thati the farim. house was cool and shady, tllhat Lucy's cooking was exacoletl, and thtat tho bed. rooms were niattiness itself. Somee of themli were even good enoough to invite their rolations as well; and so the house was full from April to Decont. ber with visitors who broiuglt their carpet.bngs and valises with that faith in liunain hospitality whliuh is one of life's best gifts. Mrs. Dollandlon's fanio wont abroad iimontig theo Doreases of thi neighbour. hood int the llintter of butlter ain:l choso; siho took prizes i o the doine.sti depart intilts of ill the agricultural fairs, aind tho adjoiring housewives took no trouble to aliko things that they could borrow of Mrs. Bolloedon, *" jusi its well is not." And olio day, whill poor Licy, Iunider the blighting iullience of Ia horrible sick heiidneieo, was eoidcnvorinig .to strain throe or four gallons of mnilk into the shiniing pans, the noews arrived that lier husband's Unclo e Patiil was comitng to tho farin. "AXOTtHERt gulst!" said Luoy, d? spaiiringly. And thou sthe uttered the proverb thatit hands our sketoli. " Oh, it's only UnIle Paul I " said MNrr. lcllonidon. " Don't frot, ltuoy! I 's the miostL poaceable old genitlemanii in the world. Ho'll inako o mioro troublo tlthn a criuket. ,lohln's wife tought slithe couldn't have liin because slhe has no lits no servant just now ." Neither .hanvo I," said Luoy roe polltoutsly. - " . " And Sarah don't liko coo1mpany." " I aini suppoeCd to be fond of it I observed Luoy, bitterly. "And Roubeon's girts don't wiat old folks staying tlhere. It's too nuioh trouble, thoy say," added Matthow. Luoy bit lioer lip to keep back the words sIteo might havo uttorid, inud said instead: " Whoro is lie to sloop P j Thto lelfords lhavo heo Ifronit bodroonii, and .your Cousin Susan occupies the baok, and the four Miss 1'attersons, sloop in the two garrots.!! She might havo addod tliat sio and her husband, and the baby had slopt in a hot little den opening frin lthe kitelion for four wooks, vainly oxpcoting Mr. and Mrs,.1olford to depart; and that shio had never yet had ,i*aihtluioo to, invito her' fatlioer to the farlm in pletasinlt weathlier. But silo was nagimi osniiionls, aind hold lior pelOee. " Ol, you can lfind soeite placo for him " said her liusbind, lightly. " Thoro's lithat little room tll the end of tlio hall where tihe sptinig.in- wlicol is." " But it isn't furnished !" pleaded Lucy. "You canl easily Now ii Cit'll tugethier out of thoso old pitt's f'ront the tel. fords' rooli ; ilnd it's nto trouble to pult uip a muslin curtaiti to the window und lift in i siiuliip lbdsteadl ; and you Cill just tack togethtIr It intaltsilss tidl wlhite wasl tihe ceiling, adul -Wlilat's that, Luke? 'liT cow\s ill theo tilurnip ield! Dear mno! tverythiing goes wroiig if 1 stoe into the house forit a imoment. And really, 1 Lucsy, these thigs aro your busi. noss, a nl, usni'l, lie addld, irrilinhly. Luoy could not. iellp laughliitg tll liy horsolf, as hier ltutsbsainli ral l tlie steps. ]Jut it w"as a volr sad littlo laugh, andl 0ool clhangedl into a sigh. "I woder," aiid she, in a whisper, " if mny poor, tiredC.oit lghost would huiitt thoso sIonie paveieniii's and seruLbbed shelvos if I wero to dieo P I iucvor hlcnerd of Ia ghost in a dairy boforo, but T should thillk that it might easily lhe." Ald the littlel bedroom was fittled up for all that, as fresh as a rose, and UnIclo Paul arrived-a dried-up. yellow.coin olthi man, with an old-fashlioned cravat tied in nmauny folds arolud his nook, andl a broad- brimmed, law-crowned hat and gold-hoaded enuo. _Io padl thie poliote way of half a century ago, and Tucy thought she should like hiim very much, if only sheo had time to get naequainted with hiim. hut shlo was churniig teCII pounlds of bhtter a day, and thlcro was the o aby, nid thIe cn?liany, ald theo young chliockens, andi the bakiing to dlo. .She was almost too busy to sleep. "Unt U)nole 1aiil w ias witlimhiug ier quiletly iIll th li mie. I canoiii out, oeo day, to theo harn,, where his nopilouh wns piuihtt ihig iiew ihainllo oii a sicklu-bllde. " Prolly busy tilmes-cl, Uncle aiul ?" said theo firuarl,' scarcely tiillug thel leisur o o look up. "Aye," asotly alut naswrclod the old mani. "D)idl tel you, Neiphew 1Mat lthIcu, aboilt the r'eason I left your conin.i Joseolph's ?" '!INot that I reienoluber,"' said MIt thlow, breakinig onlithe blilde, nid plolish ing it with his silk hindkerehief. "D)orothy died --ils wife!" "fOh, yes," snid Mhllliow. " l?o oavor.l:, n\ nn'tL it " " ?No !" bal llly iIansnered Uiicl6 1aInl. " 1t was hard work. Thut wem,,n, Nep. hew Mattllhew, did the housework for eilght persons. ,ioe didn't even Il Ilier havo a woman to Ielip witi tt he washinig and ironlig " " Lust bavo ILcnl a rcgullar.goinig brute," said Mattllhew, tighlltening the lhandle a little. " tAll he sewing, too," added Uncile Paul-'" the mending and making. Never went anywhero excepit to elihurc',. Joo didn't believe in wolmen gladdig aboii t." "Tlhe old savage. " siid MIatthew. "She was fond of rending, but she nevcr gotb any limo for it," said I Tl0i Paul, "'Shio i'Ose e'foreO sllldowIll. Ilnd inver lay down unltil ,11i o,cloek. It was inrd work that killed that woman, ai! Josepolhl coolly ldeclred that it was slihecer aInziness when she couldn't drag herself about any logcrl. Aindl when sht died heo rolled tl up hiiia eyes andl called it theLo visitation of ProvldenLeo." "Whyl didn't the neighibours lynlch hinm ?" cried Mattlhew, fairly aroused to indigiationl at last. Ulicle Ptul look oil: his glasses, wiped thloen viigorously, and looked hisi nephoew hard in tile faco. " Why don't the neighbours lynch you? " said he. Mtulthow dropped .thei sickle and stared. "nphiow Mattheow," said Unolo Paul, imlprossivoly, " tlhou arlt the wiman I, Aro you not doiang the very sawn thing ?" ." [ gasped Matthew. " Your wife is doing thie work of thn work of a hllCushold of 10 l)OpleO," said Uncle Plaul. " She is drudtginig as you canll geot nlo stronlger to drulldge. Slhe is Irisinllg early and lying down lateo; she is ollering up hemr lito on tIhe slhilio of yonr farm and 1(its requireienlts. 1 have seei her grow thini anld pialo even cdurinlg tihe few days I have been hero. I have seen her carry up Mrs. Idlford's brteakfast daily to her room, ibecaluse Mrs. iolford ii'preferred'' to lie inl- bed; 11and1 cooking dahinly dishes for IIClen IPiattierson, be. causol lelen wouldn't eat what the rest liko, -No galloy.slave over worked as she does. A1ud1 you, with your nfarm ihanids-whosl o board only iadds to iheri cares, anld your array of aInborsaving machinery, stanld coolly by anld see her commi; slow suicide. Yes. Noplhelw Mattlhew, I tllink it is a case for lyicli ing ! " Mattliew had growll pnalo. " 1-I never tllougllt of this," said lie. " Why didn't someone toll ile P " " WVhero were your own oyo es? " said Uncle Paul. Mittlohew ollecndcn rolled downi his lshirt sleeOves, iput on his coat ailld weint lto tile hor'so. 1eo told the IBolfords anld Patteorsons tlatnL it was ilconvenienllt to hodp them any loniger. 1[o gave Cousin Susanl to undeorstland thait her roonm was needed. Ie mado nrrallln'nents to board out tihe -farml hands, andi enigaged 11 stoult maid, iand ai hlouse.serilant to wail oni Lucy. And Ihe telogarphed to iher father to 001110 to Silvan liridge at onlce. " She deoserves a treat," lhe slid. "' I fe shall sponld thIe sunmoer with uls." And thoulI h weolnt to toll Luy. Sheo lid fainted lumong tile lIutleoi'ups, pickig strawberries, for leon. 1'Poor little Liey! The machinery haad utterly ro. fused to rovolveo any longer. I is licart grew cold within him. " She will din," lhe thought, " lland 1 shall Iavne muIrdered herI' lunt sla did inot dio. Slhe recovered her str'engtIth by degrees. " It is better than 11113' mlledicinC," she said, " to ilknow thait Matthelw is think. of me anld for me." And Uncle Paul-" the last straw," as slou had called him-had proved lher sal vation. " I didn't want hoer to go as Jou's wife did," said Uncle 'Paiul It. G. 