COSTfLY ifJaAN WARS. (reootrDc Tl OLOE-DEMOCOAT.) 81ic the .4h .Thily, 1776, when this Govern. m..ne began, thet It;ihius have cost the United Slates a thoalend million dollars. When the old Pequot chief Inet the Pilgrim Fathers near Plymuart Ilock, hnd said, "Welcome, English eonI," h-c eoke for 1,000,000 Indians. That was the eatimietcd number of the red race then living within what are now the bounds of the Jniteid States. And so it appears that to date the act of dlipossessing the aborigines has cost I), O(dol. for every buck, squaw, and papoose liiine on the soil when the white man came Tnese re rouen ngures, outrney are very eh?.se to the exact record. Three ycars ago Mr. Tom Doualdson, who is now m charge of the Ilodian census, made a careful com pilalion.. H1e showed that from 4th July, 1776, to 30t11 June, 1886, the Indians had cost the Government 929':1t9,284"02dol. It is safe to say that the four years added to the record sinee Mr. Donaldson's researches will bringthe figures up close to one thousand millions. This enormous amount is about one- third of what the war of the rebellion cost. One-third of the one thousandl millions hasbeen spent in pacify ing and civilisin uIndians. Two-thirds of the one thousand millions have been absorbed in ligalting in?ans?, SenatorDoo.ittle,ofWisconsin,once ventilated this Indian war business. Hewasin the Senate when it was proposed to negotiate a peace with the Navajoes. Several other senators de mnrred to the cost of the proposed treaty. Mr. Doolittle told them something about the cost of Indlian wars. At the same time he gave some interesting facts about the origin of those Indian wars. What is known as the great Sioux war started in 1852. At that time there was perfect peace on the plainse. Some Mormons were driving their cattle towards Salt Lake. Near FortLaramie was a gathering of Indians. The military post was there, and the Indians were camped near it. One of the Sioux killed a cow belonging to a Mormon. The emigrant com pi..re.... -n , , sent out a subordi?alte witi twenty me0n. t little force went to the Indian camp, and de manded the surrender of the Sioux who had killed the cow. The alternative was that the camp would be fired upon. The Indians re plied to the demand: " We are willing to pay for this anrimral: we will pay you in buffdlo robes or buffalo skins." The army officer declined. He repeated his demand for ths immediate surrender. The In dians refused. The officer gave the order to fire. The men, 20, obeyed,. In 20min. the soldiers were killed andr scalped. That was the beginning of the Sioux war of 1852. The war lasted three or four years. It cost the United States between 18,000,00Udol. and 20.s.(lli,1ildhol. The Navajoe war was another which Mr. Doolittle told about. For many years after this Government acquired the territory in which the Navajoes lived there was no trouble. One day a Navajoe Indinix was visiting the fort where the troops were. He got into a quarrel with a negro boy belonging to one of tile oflicers. The supposition was that the negro insulted thie Indrn. Tire latter drew his how and put an arrow into the negro, killing him. Then he flied to his trbhe. The officer seot a demand for the surrender of the Indian. The tribe refused to give him up. Without any delay the troops were marched out, and war was begin. Three campllaigns were made against the Nravajoes oni tics provocation. The United States troops were beaten in each of them. This Navajoe war cost the Government nearly 20,U0t,OOtdol. The biggest of all recent Indian wars wsa the one about which least was published. It began in 1862. It had its origin mr a compara tively insignificant matter. A contrmator for furnishing Intlian supplies sent to the Sioux agencies what was supposed to be prime mness pork. The consignment was found to consist largely of heads of hogs. The Indians went back on such rations, and took the warpath instead of the souse. Generals Sibley and Sully conducted the campaign. They had 15,000 troops under them. In this Sioux war the " Galvanised ankees," as they were called, made their appearance. There were several regiments of these " Gal vaniued Yankees," and they did good service against the Sioux. It may 'be explained that "Galvanised Yankees" were Confederate pri. soners who took tihe oath of allegiance and enlisted in these regiments to fight Indians in preference to remaining in Northern prisons. Not being hampered lav the hurmanit?rlano anod philanthropists, Geneal Sibleyadopted a very vigorous Indian policy. As he made prisoners he selected the worst and hung them. As many as thirty braveswero made " good Indians" by the rope in one day. There is a record of engagements with hos tile Indians within tile military division of the Missouri from 1868 to 1882. la the recapitula. tion of this record it is stated that " more than 1,0i16 officers and soldiers were killed and wounded" in the Indian fighting of that period. Four hundred battles and skirmishes were fought with Indians in thei fourteen years. In answer to a resolution of inquiry from the Senate, 1886, the Secretary of War stated the total cost of the troops in the Indian country from 1S67 to 1886 hadbeen 223,891,264l50dol. In 1868 and 1869 there was a lively Indian war in what is now the Indian Territory and Okla. hoem. Between 1862 and 1868 there had been murdered by Indians 800 settlers in the south. west. On the 2nd of March, 1868, this war to punish the Cheyennes. Arapahoes, and Com. manches began. It ended on the 9th of Feb ruary following. Three hundred and fifty. three officers, soldiers, and citizens were killed, wounded, or captured in the 11 months' cam. pailg. The Indian loss was 319 killed, 289 wounded, and 58 captured. The actual field operations during the 11 months cost 1,056,515'57dol. The Modoc war in the lava beds cost the array 111 soldiers killed or wounded. The chief incident of this campaign was the assa= sination of General Canby. Seventeen citizens were killed and wounded. The record which was sentto the Senate by the War Department says: " No Indians reported killed." So far as losses were concerned, the Indians usually had the best of it. The Sioux war of 1876 cost, for the actual field expenses, 2,312,531dol. But the campaign was chiefly notable for the Custer massacre. The armyloss was 283 killed and 125 wounded. The Indian loss was only 8.5. Had Sibley's policy toward the Sioux been continued, Sitting Bull and other Sioux leaders would hare ornamented gallows-trees and there would be no .ghost dancing torday. The Custer massacre was never atoned for. The guns which the Indians took from the soldiers are still in their possession. The Nez Perces war of 1877 lasted three months, and cost 931,329"52dol. The Nez Perces livedin a valley in eastern Oregon. They occupied land which, fromits extraordinary fer tility and adaptability for irrigation, is now worth from F5dol. to 75dol. an acre. That ought to be sufficient explanation of the way hostilities came about. Two bad white men killed a good Indian. Two bad Indians killed a good white eman. Troops were seat to the Nez Perces' camp, and were whipped with a loes of a lieutenant and 33 sold:ers. Then fol lowed the Nez Perces war. General Howard followed the N'ez Perces over 1,400 miles, and then failed to be in at '"the death." Miles, who is now attending to the Sioux, fell on Chief Joseph and his band in tile vicinity of the National Park. He killed six chiefs and a lot of warriors, and captured all the others. The wind-up was on 30th of September. Howard came up with his advance guard just after the victory was won. In that campaign 241 offcers and soldiers were killed and wounded. Twelve citzens were killed. The Indian loss was 15S. The Bannock war of 1878 was a small affair. It only cost 556,636 1901o. When it was ended the record showed a loss of 24 to the army, 30 citizens murdered, and 74 Indians killed. The Northern CheyCenne outbreak in 1879 entailed a loss on the army of 32 killed and wounded. No Indians were reported killed. Since 1882 the only Indian fighting has been with the little squads of Apaches in Arizona and New Mexico. For evervApache run down and killed or captured the Government is said to have spont 100,000dol. Iere (says the fPall ,all Gazeffei is a plot for Gaboriau from real life. About two years ago an outrage was committed in Canada simi lar to one which ltts just raised a storm of fury in the north. Thie grown-up daughter of a Congregational minister in the Eastern town Ohipswas waylaid wher going home along a dark courtry road at night, rud was foully as saulted amnd murdered. When her body was found next morning in a mill-pond close by, the post.-mortefr revealed the plain iaprint of two fingers on her throat. Buttbe firagers were not neighbours-the point of the middle finger seemed to have left no mark. Large rewards were olfered; but without effert. Within the Ist few months a fugitive criminal from the States. whoi under an alias had been playing the iart of mmnister of the Gospel for seven years mnvillage in the same township, was found out and expelled. atore he had deported for Australia it was remembered that one of his fingers was. always rigid, in consequenc of a wound meceived during thb Civil W, ard thin coin'cidence is lilkely-to bring him idto comart dn [the'dipitalcbargeoif hocan be found. . • ' 