A MYSTERIOUS REVENGE (A DRAMATIC STOBY). By tiib Author ok 'feEihi.'' Chapter XLIV. THE CSIIOST-irAUXTED CHAMBER. Daylight and a ; dreary autumnal, morning made Adela's feelings anything but cheerfully disposed ; still plic resolved to remain a few days. ' Her doubts of Drayton were great. Sometimes she thought ho was not ignorant of Onii's abode. Could she be concealed under restraint tit Merelnnds ? ? ; - ; At all events, daylight brought' live' determination to fathom tlio mystery of tlmb night, of ? the -sounds '-which -had troubled her rest. And so the day . passed. ?: Vainly had Adela endeavored; to explore the ''house, alone she even ? asked 1o be allowed to enter the room where, ..poor. Mrs; Dray-, ton had breathed her last. , , From an exccss of feeling on. his part, i Drayton said he could not bear the = door opened,. and as it had been .a' ''portion of the house ? - formerly approprifitcd - to bachelor guesi s or upper servants; Adela had never entered it. Now she was, from some motive -scarcely -dear to her self, anxious in noon-day to do so, but Drayton opposed it. In gallant but fatherly attentions lie waited upon her. the whole day,- and when evening again threw its shadows over the scene, Adela was -forced to admit that all her determination miglit possibly be frustrated by Drayton's astuteness. This seemed likely to he the case, for the long evening passed,: and evidently the question was in Drayton's mind that Adela's visit might be abridged without any pain to himself. It is - very : easy to give a person to understand this, -without ? actually telling them as much ; and -as her journey appeared; unlikely, to produce results with respect to poor Omi's where abouts, Adelaex pressed lierdetermination to leave next day, which, though gently opposed, gave unmistakable pleasure to Drayton. From him Adela had carefully con cealed her separation from her husband, and the disquiet : :it/, gave her.' ; f Had Drayton known it, it is possible he would have endeavored lo detain her. He- was one of the persons -who' always fancy some advantage may-accrue to themselves from tlie misfortucs :- of ? others, and, unquestionably, Drayton would have pondered before parting so lightly with Adela, could lie have read her; heart, - and its disquiet about her husband's fate. As it was, . Drayton and his ex-ward separated at night, with the understand ing that next day she would return to town, and there prosecute the searc after Omi. Long Adela lay awake, pondering on her own cares, and, like many who have committed a grave, fault in starting in life, tracing all to that one error. In this frame of mind she walked while the house sank to repose, and, almost insen sible to herself, was watching for the sounds which had alarmed he the previous evening, when all: minor terrors iiwere lost to view in the thrilling fear imparled to her trembling frame by one wild, agonizing*' cry — which seemed to burst through all the passages of the house, to strike. a, supernatural dread in all who heard it — but one shriek, and then it died away into utter silence. ; Adela, called aloud to her maid, and the two terrified women sprang from tlieir beds, and hastily huddling on sonic clothing, pale with tho anticipation of a horrible vision there to appal them, clinging to one another, they opened the door and called aloud. Drayton was not long in appearing upon tho scone, followed, by the .terrified domestics, whose half pent-up ideas about the ill-omened house had rcached a climax.: . ?? ; - There, on the stairs, and landings, stood the groups,- inquiring of one another, and some,, in , trembling hands, | holding' flickering lights, which shod' an j uncertain gleam on. tho whole scene. All i had, heard the ,'crv, all had been startled I from- their sleepf-yet none could give the I slightest clue to the spot whence came i the noise, neither to any possible reason i for it. All the household were- there— none absent. Then I'rotn whom had the cry proceeded ? Thoy were not long left in doubt. At tho end of the corridor stood the haunted room, andtas. all paused,, breathless, for one to suggest some probable cause, loud and repeated i knockings were heard on the door of the mysterious chamber, from .'within,;- ac companied by pleading and piteous cries for help. ; There was hot one, save Adela, who would venture towards i the room. Even Dray ten, who certainly had no faith in ghosts^stood incapable of';moving;t. , ? ? ' For mercy's sake, come with mo, or give mo the key,' exclaimed .Adela, I springing forward, followed by her maid. 1 ' Don't , you hear, some poor creature is. shut . 'in ' that room, implqring to be i released? '' She casta penetrating look at Drayton. In that moment of time she questioned whether liis unfortunate wife was' really dead, and whether it might not be her who was a prisoner, . i ? Several voices implored her, hot to go i forward; but' Adela was' resolved 'to do so, and her, example, inspired, hor- maid with courage. ? Tlio ' girl had' not benn witness, like others.there, to scenes;which had made tlicm, dcem .it 'possible itlmt the dead might come again to haunt the living with remorse. ' Who ? arc-.yon % - Why y- aro,.' you there?' asked Adela, in reply to tlio pleading/voico. ' ' For pity's sake, open tlio door, my boy is dying. Call my mother. Toll her I have come, as she gave mo the key -.to do.' , Drayton,; perforce, had followed Adela. As .- j these . .words j fell upon his ? ear, a glimmering of light broke through the darkness. True, ho. did not think of Omi. but ;ho recollected that nowhere could; tho: key of the outer door bo found when ( Mrs;: Drayton - lay there. This, then',^was the key alluded to ; but who had taken it?— who was imprisoned there ; A being of flesh and bloood, as suredly. (To be continued,) 