A TATT! OF A CANDLE-END. A t an hotel in New York, a few yean ago. I m in with a TntlCftlFT|Tfrn" Mexico, no told me aatizrmg tale iraa bxs experiences in that romantic region. Una tale I may well re. member, for, as will be seen, it wu impressed on mj mind by a scene wJuai formed a sequel to the story, ana of whicii I was a witness that very erening. lb.- ecgineer and I bad dined together, and spent a pleasant time in fallriTig over our past adventures. There in the smoking- room we lost count oi the time; the other guests dropped off one by one, and the vast hotel It was past midnight when zny friend began his story, a long one for the time of night, bat I did not interrupt him. I was only too glad to sit still and listen, with mv eyes on the dask bearded face opposite, lighted tip at tunes b the memory ofttpgeEsput and gone. There was a look of on hi -face when in repose, the meaning of which I was soon to learn, tut by the strangest «<— if My wife and I (he began) were married, away there in Mexico, two years ago. Now, it as just two years ago that what In&ve; to tell yon : took place. At that time I waa to i several In Mexico, travelling about froui one to anotlw the greater part of ftp year. Some of these moos had been worked for cen- ; toriee, following where the veins of silver led,' rhnnfands of yards away from the little open- ! ing in the mountain nrhich looked bn a rat- hole from the valieybelow. Not a few of theee woe in a very dangerous atate; but of all the mines in my district, nnT>p waa inn more qrtical condition than the three old workings above the pictnresaae village of Ehlos die Santa Ft. It was alwaya very pleasant to me to stay a tew days at the little "pondk," a mile or so above the village, and to down the valley of Pe from my lounge on the long verandah. This posada was kept fay an old Spaniard-called Diez — his fall came, if you please, waa Antonio Juan de - Dies v Antigiiera. waa a rdnns, Song-visaged old fellow, clean-shaven very dark, a ban dit every inch of him, by descent and by pre ference, too. But to return, to Santa Fc. - Sou cannot have eeen it in your wanderings, or you would re member that valley, if n«flwng die in all Mexico. The. village itself was at the of it i down rni'Hlo ymlia n hosdhqistzcain,' which never dried up ; end the lower "'« on either aide toerel t£Ua, and not walls of g««ifa, as they mostly are ihthose purls. Alfegrfhcr the valley wae lavishing, inTO; ' pretfal only above the eloping verdnxe rose » mighty peaks of the Sierra. Many a mid-day hour of Wartng heat hare I lounged away on that Tmndgli| whil tKft 1 Tf tfcyfngitiwi oamg throbbing through, ring ' ' ol the mos quitoes. One could he lazy fa«n. But at night, when ftp were and intttaa came murmurs cries from among the thousand lights of the village below, I COUld tJiinbrnnfttw fnryac in those vflcirt where ft» watdi- firee glimmered by the shsfta above me. I knew, if so one else did, ft mwlfHpininfifii of water wee stored somewhere ihrtcp peslii, and that oar workings were lotmrt to tap sooner or later that everlasting reservoir. The inevitable disaster must be very near now ; the wonder wsa that it bad not already come dur ing the hundreds of years the had hmi ; worked. This was the ghost that sat brooding above village of Paloe de Santa Fe. the beginning of August it was my 1 a visit to Faloe. You may imagine » J auJUCTj AUUKi UiC inw Tiioi waajkJess pfesssnt prospect than the delightful cJimafr and snrroondings of the place warned to hold out. On my arrival I found that ft« owners had at last Tr>a up their to con sult me seriously about the danger to which I have alluded. What was more, they deter mined, if necessary, to dote the wfaac, Thev knew there woula be serious trouble with the miners, and they had therefore obtained from the Government a despatch of two companies of solaierB to order; a large convent a mile or so from the isn where I was staying served as barracks for the troops. The pipers, more than a thousand is number, were enraged at this determined action, but were powerless in the race oi each a force. Besides, they were by so means unanimous. A i certain number, chiefly Americans and Germans, were unwilling to risk their lives againetpro- fessioDal warnings such as mine: the presence of the troops gave this minority the support they needeo. The malcontents could only grumble and, as it turned out, plot against us. The storm was but waiting till rcy arrival to burst; all depended on my verdict I may sav- ca my life, for it was pretty well known "what ray verdict would be. The beat of the day was only partly spent, but, it being Sunday, and especially because cf the great excitement, the village streets, were- crewded. Hta, women, cbfldyti were all abroad. I could tell by the men's ferwt by the sullen scowl or the uneasy, a?>-r«ng glance, the adherents of either party. But when I had ridden into the courtyard of the i"" I saw that the wont of my opponents were there. New, this was the only posada in the place— more than that, it was the only place where I could put up. The owners of the mine lived far away, and the manager himself was at Palos only when he was cot wanted at eonie twenty mil away, worked by the same companv. 'He was staying at the inn when I arrived. This man had little influence with the miners, and was sot to be relied on in an emergen cv like this. He was known to be very much against dosing the mine, so that it ueeaed great pressure from the directors to compel h to the neces sary steps. You can see how uncomfortably % was placed. The whole responsibility was laid on me fcr a proceeding certain to make me the enemy of hundreds of fierce revengeful fellows, who had evidently their headquarters at the solitary inn where I was staving. To set against all this I had a guard of two hundred soldiers about a mile away, and on the spot a representative of my employers, who was pre judiced against me, and who would be the list man in the world to raise a finger in my de fence, if the need arose. Within a week of my arrival three several attempts were made on my l»f«. During one of these attacks 1 had the ill luck to wound, In self-defence, one of the ringleaders, a Spaniard named Antonio, nephew to my worthy host. This young man had thus two reasons for wishing my destruction, and a third was supplied by a circumstance of which I had hf»p no suspicion. To this day he is the only enemy X am aware of possessing, bat I have a fore boding that he will yet do me or mine some fatal injury. After the failure of these three attacks I was not surprised to fiudthat the conspirators resolved to give me a few days' xest; but! was net deceived by their inactivity. I had refused an escort from the commandant at convent simply because I felt «»» my own vigilance waa the only 6afegnaxd likely to be of uae- My enemies, I suspected, were but oidiog their time to pat in some more safe and certain scheme open attack had proved to be. The event showed X was right. Meanwhile. I was not idle. X was carrying on my work of inspection from day to day, and had, in fact, nsariyfiniHhed my written report to the directors. This I had fet"ri care to sujjport by the authority of mors then one eminent geologist and engineer. The ctoringof was. In my opinion, an imperative All wis time 1 was preparing unoonsaonslv for myself the greatest danger of my life, a danger which has not yet passed away; but with it was to come to me a blessing which has enriched my whole existence. I think I have never eeen a more perfect specimen of the heavy-villain class than Diez my worthy landlord at P aloe, and certainly never a woman who charmed me more his daughter. Juanita was a girl of fourteen when first I came to Palos ; lean remember having admired even then her pretty face and graceful, shy manners, and baring wondered how such a maidenly creature could be the danghter of my coarse and sometimes brutal landlord. As for myself, X do not n»tni con- fpniing that, half -conscious only as X was of any feeling of a tender sort,I had one reason which have not mentioned before for m>v;np my yshto Paloe deSants Fe as long as possible. Juamta's attractiveness had for me been grow- ng as sue grew to early womanhood; die sever appeared more lovely than when I saw her that Scuiday evening after my three or foot months absence. My all- absorbing anxiety wonld have prevented any love-nukug. even 1 had I had any thought of such a pastime. But I remember having noticed, after my escapes from assassination, a new of thoughtful- nms on the girl's dark face. At the time I put. uiis down -to the permeations of her consist' Antonio, who was devoted in faertn a savage; jmlousway, which made .her yery uncomfort- ofe. Me was evidently favoured in 'his pourt- ahip byhfe unele, Dfea. - ' Attracted as I was by I tbuld not help taking pgceotdeaioNntereet jatiustore flut, prosecuted by xm whp,' X fafed -no -doubt ttpfi. So It was that £ notified: a great cttfpgp jn /oauita's-toeatineut -ol bpr swaiter. Hitherto her dislike for fa— t«m eTidarit ; .Redder, ' .she «M pansntly J"' 3ft>w, to all appearance, the pimure pgt onW her father, of whom she "«ew ry itm d, ind who treated her with ypnang mdnigeaoe, and cren respect, had J"Wed too mnoh for her pcnreri of reaietance. Her manner was how one of dnp- aoqomseessej zclwrloveFsdaiiia, ulreiea Injure tins taut you would have thought her ka tiaa.kzn tb the eager Anhario, sow I st least considered hes more than kon to Iririu Unreasonable as it was, ft« state of things added, I know, to the fcdmgof lousiness and dspregioo that was growing upon cae. I put it to mvslf that I was disappointed in tie girl. " ' "... " . Though shy Himn fn her lovers piwnty, my landlord's daugbterbfldaltrgetfaer. changed is her behaviour to the freqnenteis of the inn. Instead of beemng to heroamoom when the house was fall or men, or going guiHy about her household, duties, the young girl, began to loiter near the bar, Ifelfmng to the conversation of the miners. Diez. no doubt, attributed the change in his daughter's habits to her growing lom for ids chpmring nephew who was always there; at any rate, he never interfered. I-mynrif oonld only, think as he aid, and ackxtcnraedge to znjsrir with'a si that Jnanaa, too, was in tise enetnris camp. At last, three weeks after my retntn to £b3oe, the great repent was ffnitfied. I handed it to the manager, and recavedfromHm an acknow ledgment in writizig. My work waa oris, mid T was heartily glad of it. I at least had done my duty: kouyronbed for the directors to doiheixs. The next dayT would see the test of Faloe. I did not doubt that with the force at their command the company would eloee the mine before many days were past. I could not help bring carry; the riflege wrmld oeeee to east; Diez svculd have to dose the poeada, and tins lovely valley would be deserted iot many a long day to come. Still, the company had other minee not very faraway: they could start new workings there, and use a good deal of the old machinery. The too, would coon perhaps get work again; butthey would be the chief suneren by 'my deoson. - I was in very good spirits that evening, eo that it seemed to me oiste nahasl that every one about me should be wondnwa pdite and even cordial. My host was overwhelming with his attentions, forced his company .on me upon the slightest pretext and grew eloquent -as he told me with gay confidence of Iris plans . for his dear Antonio. TTmi nephew, it seemed, was a good fellow If ever there was one, only a little' too warm-bearded and too eenstive. - Did be not 'seem to use a litfle sullen? X confessed that he did. Ah : So I, top, hfcd noticed it? The 1poor. fellow was in love, and all lovers were despondent at times. And, would. X be-1 heve it? Antonio had actually An idea that X did not like him, be each respect for" met— And so on. At lost the did fe&ow; be came eo affectionate and so garrulous -that X was glad to get off with a promise to -drink- to the health of hie new enterprise, an hold inn neighbouring mining town, in & bottie of bxs best champagne. Everything seemed for the beet in the best of all poanble worlds as 1 lay baric in my favourite lounge on the verandah, hobnobbing with the genial rid ecampi ray landlord. The only thought which troabteu my serenity was that Juanim had been invisilde ance the morning, and now the eon had net on my last days at Palos. Would she take the trouble to. see me o2 in the morning? I intended to go to bed early, worn out as I was by anxiety and bard work. Already the verandah, which, X must tell yon, ran all round the house, was dark, for the house lay in the shadow of the lofty western peaks, and as yet there was no mooo. A curious little heartache came to trie as I thought that I might never see Juaoita again. And while I lingered there in my dreamy, wwtirn mood, half -listening to the landlord's endless flow of talk, Jnanita, my J nstrita, wasstrnggHng madly to escape from an outnonse is roe oisxanc corrai, pausing now and then to lieten with wAwning dread for the sharp, clear sound of dynamite exploding in the open air on the verandah — not this timethe dull report of blasting the ! X have often wondered eince that time how it was that X did not note distrust the landlord. During the whole of that visit to Paloe I had been oppressed by the thought of how peat an . injury I was unwillingly wfltrfing upon him. -' But this evening I half cast aside all suspicion, and, but for bemg armed according to my habit, J had taken no precautions whatever; Diez might have been my father for all the snspidon I then had of him. Yon may think it waa the champagne, if yon like; but I really believe that made no difference to mo, except, pftyj to eriiflnratp me a little, and to me whistle a tone as I rose to taka my candle and go off to bed. 'Diez had called for ibe candle; but when it was brought, lighted, I noticed that his face was as white as skin of that sallow tint can become. 1- thought he was ill, and told him eo. He answered not a word, though he Awntffl to try to speak, but took the candle with a trembling hand and— blew it out 1 I said I wae ready to go: but he pressed me .o.sSay a little longer and take another glass of wine. He himsp)f sent for brandy, which be gulped down at a dranght, and sat in the dark ness quite still and apparently asleep. At »« I took the candle and lighted it. T tzzrned to "the landlord as I was about to go, began to say something about my eariy start on the morrow. To my surprise, he h«>d disappeared. I turned away and walked slowly along the verandah, the way I always went to my roam at the back of the house. As £ went I whistled the tune I had started before. I shall never forget it. The engineer ceased speaking, and remained a few moments in deep thought. Tbfdigfflnt ctilluess of the night was awful tome in the excited state of expectation to which I had been gradually worked up. When he resumed, be spoke in an awe-struck tone, low but dear, and as if living those few moments over again. " I shall never forget it," be said; "the air I whistled went tike this," be whistled softly an air I had often heard before. Hie was not half through it when a piercing rent silence oi the night, then a heavy P?l was still again. The engineer turned pale, and seemed rooted to his chair. X ran to the door, opened it, rushed into the hall, where he joined at once. The hall wasdimly lighted by one lamp near the outer door ; a gallery ran round it a great bright from the floor. There a white figure, a woman, was tiring to its feet, and another of those awful shrieks, end she rushed with arms outstretched along gallery, fib had turned the corner to our left, when a door opened close to where the woman had flret fallen. It was a man this time, who glided swiftly after the woman ; in bis be held something which flashed once, dimly, in the light of the lamp. My companion started, ran forward, and fired. The white figure stopped, but the pursuer still ran on ; he was her now, when another shot rang out ; the fell forward and lay quite still. The following day the wwgtpr introduced me to his beautiful wife, iriiose life hie had certainly saved that night. It was from ner I learned how that exciting scene was the and the completion of her husband's story. It was Antonio, the Spaniard, who met his fate at the moment when he was about to fafa his revenge, nursed now for two long years. He and his uncle, the worthy Diez, it seems, conspired to kill the engineer by mwm of a dynamite cartridge made to the lower part of a c indie. To this cartridge a very small piece of candle was with a little gunpowder cartridge inserted in the top of the dynamite. The whole looked like a good-sized piece of Two or three minutes end the dynamite would explode, end certainly loll the hosier the rsmflfe, Jllinitflhw/i riwwwgtWi inflfirfl hlT object for several days before nad been to what the miners, and especially her relatives were pi ' 'wat foe crgjTieer, ft?fwnfiH loved. Unfortunately, she b«H been bmlf mspfeftnd by hgrfatfrfr, and shut Spin away from the inn. . She had escaped, but only just in time to gnatcb the candle from her lover hand and hurl it down into the. ravine below, where it exploded harmlessly before it reached the ground. The happy pair had escaped to the convent, and been married there ; but ft» gTrifofnonf of that day had left its mark on Jnanlta. At times she would walk in her sleep, and go through in fancy the scene die could never far-: get. Bat the shock of that other scene where she awoke on the gallery of the New Yorkhotri effectually cured ner. Only her hntanii xe mained to remind liar of tha nlnt of end. — Chambers' Journal. 