WHAT IS IT' THE INFLUENCE THAT SOMETIMES GUIDES US AGAINST OtJB WILL, "No, I do not believe in ghosts," said'an old lady of great experience, " but I do believe in the ministration of spirits.'^ This is not the age nor the country in whioh the super- natural flourishes. Interest centres about tho praotioa}* Haunted hpuses ata rented without great difficulty, if thV landlord is willing to Snook off a portion of the rent. There aro many, however, who will admit the exertion at timeg of some poouliar influence staying our notions. "We ate led to do things we ' should not do of our own volition-the wisdom of whioh we do not appreciate until afterwards ; then we wonder how we oame to do them. Wa are foroed to {earn that worldly wisdom is not always that" whioh guides into the Wisest courses. In this practical age results aro what people are looking after. They believe in what they see i the " evidenoe of things not seen" is to be weighed in the future. When a man is siok he wants to get well ; he earea little what medioal method is employed ¡f it eurea. But if it does not cure £e B00DL begins to doubt the skill of the physi- cian, and inquire Into his methods, of medi- cation. A happy thing it is sometimos if some influence induces investigation before it is too late. Mr. E. W. Edmondson, of Mel- bourne, writes, 21st October, 1890 :-"During the past sixteen years I havo been ailing periodically from a serious affection of the kidneys, and in latter years my complaint Lacarno moro aoute, so that I was frequently soized with stabbing pains in the baok. I had often prolonged headaches, tho result of liver disorder. For years I thus suffered, and I thought this disorder of the kidneys and liver would bring about a more serious disease. Finally I tried the effeots of "Warner's Bate cure, and not until then did I .exporionço any amelioration in my condition^iî^ho, use of this medicine speedily wrought ft jjrßo* chango, and four bottles effeoted a comply cure." Nota what Mr. Henry Warwiok, of 4Lansdale.streot, Melbourne, says;-" 30th October, 1890. For some years I havo been suffering from {roquent attaóks of gravel, often with unbearable pains in the back and right sids* and my digestive organs were also out of order. In addition I waa afflicted with congestion of the liver and periodical headaohes of a.severe nature. My suffering was'quickly removed when resorting to Warner's safe cure, of which I took four bottles, when the acute pains in the right side., caused by the congestion of the liver, ceased, while my kidneys were íostored to healthy action."_^^ CITY POLICE 0OUBT. FRIDAY, JANUARÎ 30. Before Mr. P. Pinnock, P.M. DRUNKENNESS AND DlSOnDBMiTT OoNDDOT. Two inebriates were discharged., and Wm. Brown for drunkenness and disorderly conduct was fined 10s. or twelve hours, and for assault- ing the police was eentenood to one month's imprisonment, but on the application of Mr. Lilley, who gave a good oharaotér of the ac- cused, Mr. Pinnook said he would allow him the option of paying a fine ot £5. OBSÇENK LANguAGE.-Lizzie Cuddihy va9 fined £3 or one month for uttering indooent language. James M'Eay was -fined £2, or forty-eight hour?, for using obsoene language. DESTROYING PROPERTY.-James Maokay was ordered to pay £6 19s. foi* breaking a window in an oyster saloon, in default two months' im- prisonment. BtmoLAjiï.-Edward Clark, on a oharge of burglary, was committed, to take his trial at the next sittings of the Distriot Court, to be held on the 11th February. LABOENY.-Frederick Long was committed for trial at the next sittings of the District Court, on the 11th February next, on a oharge ot stealing from the dwelling of Mrs. Byrne, of Wickham-terrace. BUBQIIABY.-William Baker was found not guilty of breaking into Littleboy's store, New- stead, Breakfast Creek, and was discharged. Mr. Swanwiok appeared for the accused. FÛBOEBY.-Fred. Hudson, »lias Alex. Frazer, the man arrested in Brisbane some days ago on a oharge ot forging the name of B, T. Horsley, a grazier, of Gundagai, New South Wales, to a oheque for £25 5s., was brought up on remand to-day. IJe was identified by Mr. Horsley, and tho warrant was read to hiin by a policeman from New South Wales. Ho waa remanded to Gundagai. HAVING PROPERTY IN POSSESSION.--Joseph Bannister appeared, on remand, açou.sod with having a plant in his possession for whioh he could not give a satisfactory aooount. Ho wa3 discharged. Mr. Turner appeared, for the aeoused. IM,-TKEATINO A HOBSB.-The Sooiety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals summoned William E. Humphrey, a farmer» of Mount Gravatt, for ill-treating ahorse. Mr.Francis commented severely on the conduct ot the accused, and fined him £3, in default, pne month's imprisonment. 