THE SOUTH SEAS. (BY ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON.) PART III.— THE EIGHT ISLANDS. Chapter XXV.— The Outcast Lepeiis. A step beyond Hookena n wooden house with two doijr stands isolated in a field of broken lavn, like ploughed land. I bad approached it on tho night of my arrival nnd found it black and silent ; yet even then it bad inmatos. A man nnd a woman sat there captive, and tho man had a knife, brought to him in secret by bis family. Not long, porliaps, after I was by, the man, silencing by threats Ids fellow prisoner, put through the floor and escaped to the mountain. It was known he had a comrndo there, hunted on the sarno account; and tlioir friends kopt them supplied with food and ammunition. Upon the mountains, in most islands of the group, similar outlaws rovo in hnnds or dwell alone, unsightly licripits; and hut the other day an officer was wounded while attempting an arrest. Some are desperate fellows ; soino mournful women — mothers nnd wives, somo stripling gills A day or two, for instanoe, after tho man escaped the police got word of anpther old offender, made a forced march and took the quarry sitting, this time with little peril to themselves. For tho outlaw was a girl of 19, who had been two years under jho rains in the high forest, with her mothor for comrade and accomplice. How does their awn poet sing ? Io the land of distress &fy; dwelling was oil tlge mountain height, Ny talking companions wore the birds, Tho decaying leaves of the If i my clothing. It is fur uu uiimo this Ir.v, ahidiqg race flee to the woods ; it is no fear of the gallows or the dungeon that nerves themselves to resist nnd their friends to aid and to applaud them. Their liability is for disease ; they are lepers, and what they combine to combat is not pun ishment, hut segregation. Whilo China and England and France, in their tropical posses sions, either attempt- nothing or effect little. Hawaii has honorably faced the problem of this ancient nnd apparently reviving malady. Her small extent is an advantage ; but the rug- gedpess of the physical character, tho do- sort woods and mountains, and tho habit of the nativo mind, opposo suocoss. To the native mind our medical opiuiona seem un founded. yfe smile to hear of ghosts and gods ; tboy wheD they are told to keep warm in fevers or to avoid contagion. Leprosy in particular they cannot- bo persuaded to avoid. But no mere opinion would exalt them to resist the f Inw and lie in forests, did not a question of tho family bond embitter and exaoperato tho opposition. Thoir family affection is strong, but unoroot; it is luxuriously self indulgout, cironmsoribod Within the passing moment, without provi dence, without nobility, incapable of health ful rigor. The presence and tho approval of tho loved one, it matters not how purchased, there is the singlo demand of tho Polynesiau. By a natural consequence, when death inter venes, ho is consoled tho more easily. Against this undignified fervor of attachment, maritnl nnd parental, tho law of segregation often bents in . vain. It is no foar of tho lazaretto ; -they know tho dwellers are well used in hlolokai; they receive letters from friends nlready there, who praiso the place, and, could tho family be taken in a body, they would go with glee, oyorjpycd to draw rations from Govern ment. But all oannot beoome pensioners at onoe, a proportion of rntn payers must be kept; andthe lepor must go alono, or with a single relative ; and the native instinctively resists the separation as a weasel bites. A similar reluo- tonce can bo shown in Molokai itself. Py n recent law, clean children born within tho pre cinct arc taken from their laper parents, sent to an intermediate hospital, and given a chaneo of lifo and health ond liberty. I have stood by whilo Mr. Moyer and Mr. Hutohinson, the lupa and tho sub-luna of the lazaretto, opened the petitions of the settle ment. As thoy sat together on the stops of tho guest houso at Kalawao, lettor after letter was passed between them with a sneer and flung upon tho ground, till I was at last struck with thoir cavalier procedure, and inquired the nature of tho appeals. They wero all tho samo ; all from leper parents, all pleading to have their clean ohildren retained in that abode of sorrow, and all alloging the same roason — aloha nut nui — an extreme affection. ,Suoh was tho extreme affectiou pf ICaahumanu for Kaaihonui, by whiah she indulged hor wantonness in safety and ho died. But lovo has a countenance more severe. The scenes I am about to doscribo, moving as tfioy wore to witness, have thus an element of something weak and false. Sympathy may flow freely for tho leper girl ; it may flow for her mother with reservo ; it must not betray un into a shadow of injustice to the Government whose lows they had attempted to evodo. I walked in a bright sun, after a grateful rain, upon the shore beyond. Hookena. Tho breeze was of heavenly freshness, tho surf was jubilant in all the caves ; it wa3 a morning to put a man in thought of tho antiquity, tho health apd cleanness of the earth. And behold ! when I come abroaat of tho little pest houso on the lava both the doors were opon. In front a oirole of somo half a dozen women and children sat conspicuous in the usual bright raiment ; in their midst was a crouohing and bowed figure, swathed in a black shawl nnd motionless ; and as I drew more near I was aware of a continuous and high pitobod drono of song. Tho figure in tho midst was tho leper girl ; t||0 song was the improvisation of the mother, pouring out hor sorrow in tho island way. "That was not singing," explained the schoolmaster's wife on my return, " that was crying 1" And she skotchod for mo tho probable tenor of tho lnmont : "O, my daughter! O, my daughtor, now you are going away from mo, now you are taken away from me at last," and so on without ond. The thought of thegirl so early separated from her fellows — tho look of her living there covered' from eyesight, like an untimely birth— perhaps more than nil, the ponotrating note of tho Inment— subdued my oourngo utterly. With tho natural impulse, I began to seek some outlet for my pain. It oceurred to mo that after two years In tho woods the family affairs might well have sufforcd, and' in view of tho transplanta tion, olothes, furniture or money might be need ful. I believe it was not done wisely, since it was gone about in ignorance ; I daro say it flowed from a sentiment no more oroot than that of Polynesians. I am sure there wore many in Englnnd to whom my superfluity had proved more useful ; but tho next morning suw mo at the pest houso, under convoy of tho school master nnd the policeman. Tho doors wero again open. A fire was hnrning and a pot cooking on the lava, under tho supervision of an old woman in a grass green sacquo. This dame, who seemed more merry than refined, hailed me, seized me, ond tried to seat mo in her lap ; a jolly and coarBe old girl from whom, in my hour of sentiment, I fled with oraven shrinking ; to whom, upon a retrospect, I do morojuxtico. Tiio two loparH (both women) sat in tho midst of thoir visitors, even tho children (to my grief) touching them freely ; the elder chatting at intervals — tho girl in the same black weed and bowed in the snmo attitude as yesterday. It was painfully plain she would conceal, if possiblo, her face. Per- hapB she had been beautiful; acrtaiuly, poor sonl, sho had been vain — a gift of equal value. Some consultation followed; I was told that nothing was required far outfit, but a gift in money would be gratefully received, and this (forgetting I was in the South Seas) I was about to make in silence. Tho oonfounded expression of tho schoolmaster reminded me of where I was. We stood up, accordingly, side by side before the lepers ; I made the necessary speech, whioh tho schoolmnstor trans lated sentence by sentonce ; tho money (thus hallowed by oratory) was handed ovor nnd received ; ond the two women each returned a dry " Mabolo," the girl not «ven then oxbibitjng her face. Between 6 and 10 of tho same morning tho schooner lay to off Hookona and a whale boat came ashore. The village clustered on the . rocks for tho farewell — a grief perhaps, a per formance oortninly. We miss in our modern J life those operatic consolations of tho past. \- Tho lepers oamo singly and unattended ; tho older first, the girl a little after, tricked out in ' a red dress and with a fine led feather in her lint. In this bravovy, It was tho more affecting to sco hor movo apart on the rocks and crouch in hor accustomed attitude, But this timo I had soen he' fftce ! it was scarce horribly af fected, but had a haunting look of anunflnishod l( wood doll, at once expressionless and disprppor- tioned ; doubtless a soro spectacle in the mirror of youth. Next tjiero appeared a woman of tho middle lifo, of a swaggering gait, a gallant figuro, and a bold, handsome face. She came, swinging her hat, rolling her eyes nnd shoulders, visibly working herself up ; the crowd stirred nnd murmured on her passngo ; and I know without being told this was the mother and protagonist. Closo by tho soa, in tho midst of tho spectators, sho sot down, ond raised imme diately tho notos of the lament. Dno after another of her friends approached hor. To oue after tho other sho reached out nu arm, em braced thom down, rocked awhile with them embraced, aud passionately kissed them in the island fashion, with the pressed face. The leper girl at last, as at same signal, roso from her Hoot apart, drew nenr, was inarmed liko tho rest, and with a small knot (I suppose of the most intimnto) hold some while in n general elnsp. Through all tho wail continued, rising into words and a sort of passionato declamatory recitation as each friend approached, sinking again as tho pair rooked togother into the tremolo dropo. At length tho scono was over ; the perfortnors rose ; the lepors nnd tho mother warp jielpod in Bilcuoo to their places; the whnlebont was urged between tho reefs into a bursting surge, and swung next moment without on tho smooth swell. Almost ovcry oountenauca about me streamed with tours. It was odd, but perhaps natural among a cere monious, oratorical race, that tho boat should have waited whilo n passenger publicly lamented on tho bench. It wps more odd stiff, thut tho mother should have been tho chief, rather tho only actor. Sho was leaving indeed ; she hoped to be taken as a Koknn, or clean assistant, and thus accompany liar daughtor to tho settlement ; but she was far from sure, and it was highly possible sho might roturn to Ivona in a month. Tho lepers, on the other hand, took leave for ever. In so far as regarded iiieir uwu i»l>> apd birthplace, and for thejr friends and faptiliaa, i|i was their day of death. The soldier from tho war roturns, Tho sailor from the main ; But not tho sick from the grey island. Yet they wcat unheeded, and tho ohief part, and tho whplo stage andsympatljy, was for thoir travelling companion. At tho time I was too deeply movod to criti cise; mero sympathy oppressed my spirit. It had always been a point with pi 1 visit ti;o station if I oould ; on tho rooks'of Hookena the design was fixed. I had soon the departure of lonors fop the pjneo of exilo ; f must aeo their arrival aud that place itself. Chapter XXVI.— Thr Lazaretto. Otolu, Hawaii, .January, 1891. — ' Tho wind ward coast of Molokai is gloomy and abrupt. A wall of cliff of from 2000 to 3000 foot in height extends the most part of tho length (somo 40 miles) from east to west. "Wood clusters on its front like ivy ; and in tho wot Benson stream descend in waterfalls and play below on tho surfsco of tile oooan. For in almost tho whole of its length tho cliff, without tho formality of any beach, plunges in tho Pacific. Bold water follows the coast ; ships may almost evorywlioro approach within a trifling distance of tho tower ing shore ; and immediately in front of Molokqi surveyors have found somo of tho deepest sound ings of that occen. This unusual depth pf water, tho continuity of tho Trade winds and the length of the fetch, extending unbroken from the shores of California, magnify the sea. The swell is nursad by the steady wind, it grows in that lung distance, it draws near through tho deep sound ings without combing, nnd spends itself un diminished on tho oliffs of Molokai. Toward tho eastern end n river in a winding glen despends from tho interior ; the barrier is here quito broken, nnd a beach is formed and makos a place of call, Wqilau. A few miles further east tho cove of Pelokunu offers n doubtful clianco of landing, and is also visited by steamers. The third and last place of ap proach is nt the Lazaretto. A shelf of undot- cliu hore borders the precipice, expanding toward its western ond in n blunt promqutory a little mora tlmn a mile square. Tho lco of this precipice offers unusual facilities for land ing, and in favorable states of wind nnd Boa ships may nnohor. But thaso faoilitios to sea .ward are more than counterbalanced by the uncompromising character of tho barrier behind. Tho Pali (as tho preoipice is called) in the extent of this strip of underdid makes, throe recesses, Wajbapau, Waialeia ond Waikolu — as their names imply, three gutters of tho mountain. Theso' are clothed in wood ; from a distance they show like ver dant niches and retreats for lovers ; but the face of tho rock is so precipitous that only in the j first, Waihanau, js there o practicable path. Tho rains continually destroy it ; it must be con tinually renewed ; to rido there is impossible ; to mount without frcqnont falls seoms unexpected; and even tho descent exhausts n powerful man. The existence of anothor path more to the westward was affirmed to mo by some, denied by athors. At the most, therefore, in two points, the cliff is soantiy passable upward. Passage coastwise is beyond expectation to any creaturo without wings. To (he west the strip of undorcliff simply disoontinuos. To the oast the wall itself thrusts forth a huge protrusion, and tho way is barred except to fish and soa birds. Here, then, is a prison fortified by nature, a plnoe where thousands may be quar tered, and a pair of sentinels suffice to watch and bpid the only issues. The underdid is in itself narrow; it is widened on the one hand by tho recesses of tho oliff ; on the other hv the expansion of tho foreland ; and the last oontains (for a guess) two-thirds of tho wliole territory. It rises in tho midst to a low hill enclosing a doad crater, like a quarry hole; the interior sides clothed with trees ; at tho foot a salt pool, unsoundabla, at least unBonndcd. Henoe tho land slopes to tho sea's edgo and upward toward tho Pali in grassy downs. A single siok pnndamns breaks, or broke whilo I was there, that naked heath ; oxcopt in mnp's enclosures I can recall nowhere else ono switch of timber. The foreland is grazed by somo 1500 head of stock, 700 of them horses, for the patients are continual and furious riders ; tho rest oows and asses. Those all do cxaollontly well. Tho horrid pest to which tho placo is saored spares thom, being man's prerogative. It was strange to see those drovos of animals feeding and sporting in exuberant lioalth by tho sea margin, and to refleol upon their destiny, brought from so far, at no much cost and toll, only to bo ridden to and fro upon and oaten by the defeatured and tho dying. Tho shaven down, the scattered bouldors, tho ory of tho wind in the grasB, tho frequent showers of rain, the hulk of the Pali, tho heat ing of tho near sea, all the features and condi tions strike the mind as northern, and to the northener the sceno is in consequence grntc- ful, like ono of Ids native minor tunes. It is stirring to look eastward and see the lingo viridescent mountain front sunder the set tlement from tho next habitations of clean man at Pelokunu — at its foot, in the sea, two tilted islots. It is pleasant, in the early morning, to ride by tho roots of the Pali, when tho low sun and tho oool breeze are in your face, and from ahovo, in the cliff side forest, faffs a perpetual ohlrruping of birds. It is pleasant, ahovo all, to wander by the margin of the sea. Tho heath breaks down, like Hell- con, in cliffs. A narrow fringo of emorald edges tho precipitous shore ; oloso beyond the blue shows tho bold soundings ; tho wanderer stands plainly on a mere buttress of the vast cathedral front of the island, nnd nbovo and below him, in tho air and in the water, the precipice continues. Along tho brink rock ar chitecture nnd sea ipnsip please the seuses, and in that tainted placo tho thought of the clean ness of the antiseptic ocean is welcome to tho mind. Yet this 1b but one side of tho scenery of tho Lazaretto ; and I received an impression strongly contrasted when I entered tho recess of Waia- lcia. Tho sides wero niched and channelled with dry tracks of torrents, grass clung on the sheer precipioo, forosts clustered on tho smallest vantage of a shelf. Tho lloor of tho omphttheatro was piled with shattered rook, detritus of tho mountains, with which, in tbo timo of tbo rains, tho torrents had maintained a cannonade. Vigorously blaok themselves, theso woro spotted w>tl> snow white lichen, and shaded and intermingled with plants nnd trees of a vivid grean, The day was overcast ; clouds ran low about tho edges of tho baBin ; and yet tho colore glowed as though immersed in sunshine. On the downs tho effcot is of somo bleak, noble ooast of Saotland or Scandi navia ; hore In tho recess I fait mysolf trans ported to tho tropics. There are two villages, Kalaupapa, on tha western shore of the promontory, Kalawao, towards the oast upon the strip of nndorcljff ; and along the road which joins tbami each reaches foth scattered Iwbltetlan, 1 Kalaupapa, tha most sheltered in- prevailing winds, is the oiistomary landing place. When tho ran of tho sea inolines tho Other way, ships pass far to tho eastward near the two islets, and pnssengers are landed with cxtrotno di/Boulty, and I was assured not without danger, on n spur of rook. ICnlanpapa, being quito upon tho downs,. is the more blank, a long, bare, irregular, ungardvned villngo of unsightly houses. Hero are two churches, Protestant and Catholjc, nnd tho Bishop Homo for Girls. Kalawao is oven beautiful ; pleasant houses stand in gardens of flowers; tho Pali rises behind; in front, across tho sea, the eye commands the islots and tho lingo green faco of cliff excluding Pelokunu. This is tho view from tho window of tlws lay brother, Mr. Button, and ho assured mo he found its hoauty far more striking than tho deformations of tho siok. Tho passing visitor can scarco attnln to suoh phi losophy. Hero is Dnmicn's Homo for Boys. Close behind is a doublo graveyard, where some some of tho dend retain courtesy titles, anil figure in thoir epitaphs as " Mr." or as " Mrs." The inovitribia twin churahcs complete tho vil lages. A fifth church, tho church of tho Mor mons, somewhere exists in tho settlement ; but I could nnvor find it. On the westward end of Kalawao what wo may call tho official quarter strctchos towards tho promontory. Tho main feature is the onolosuro of tho hospital and prison, where bad cases nnd had cbarootcrs are kept in surveillance ; a green in a stoeknde with a few papains and ono flowering oleander, sur rounded on llireo sides by low white houses. A little wny off, enclosed in walls nnd badges, stands the Guest House of Ka)awno, and, beyond that again, tho quarters of the dootor. Tho Guost House is kept ready for tho visits of members of the board. I arrived there early in the day, opened the gate, turned my horse loose, and qutered in possossiqn of the vacant house. I waudorod through its cham ber::, vp'.tcd the bathroom pud the kitnlmn, nud at last, throwing myself upon a bed, I fell asleep, . .Just before tbo hour of dinner Dr. Swift, returning from , ids dirties, wakened me and introduced himself. A simiinr arrival may he read pf in the tale of tho Three Bears ; and that is well caijed a guest houso where there is no host. Singular indocd is tbo isola tion of tho visitor in the Lazaretto. No patient is suffered to npprqaoh his place of posidsnoe. His poom is tidiod out by a clean helper dqring tho day, and whilo he is abroad. Ho returns at night to solitary walls. For n wjiiio a boll sound at intervals fiom the hospital ; silence succeeds, only pointed by the hunjming of tho surf or tho chirp of orickots. Ho steps to his door; per haps a light still shines in tho hospital ; all olso is dark. Ho returns nnd sits by his lamp, and tho orowding experiences bosiege ilia memory — sights of pain in a land of disease and disfigurement, bright exnmples of forMtudo and kindness — moral beauty, physical horror, intimate! knit. Ho must ho a man very Jittlo impressionable if he recall not those hours with an especial poignancy ; ho must bo a man either vory virtuous op vory dull, if they woro not hours of self-review and vain aspirations after good. When the Hawaiian Goyornment embraced tho plan of segregation they woro doubtless (as is tho way of Governments) unpropnred, nnd the constitution of tho Lazarotto, as it now exists, was approached by blunder and reached py accident. There was no dosign to pauperise ; the lepers were to work, and in wlioio or part ho self supporting ; and when a site had to bo chosen, some extent of cultivable soil wo first required. In this, as in otiier conditions, Kalawao was wholly fitted for tho purposo. In the old days, when Molokai swariped with population, tbo foreland must hnvo boen a busy aud perhnps a holy plnoe ; and 30 years ago it was oovored with tlio ruins of heiaus, but still inhabi ted, and stiff in active cultivation. Terms of sale woro easily agreed upon. Unlinp- pily, the Government coquetted ; tho farmers wero held for mouths under suspense ; for months, in cousequenoo, their liousos wero left unrepaired, their Holds unfilled, nnd tho pro perty was already much deteriorated before tho purchase was confirmed and tho clean inhabi tants ojeotod from tho foroiand. Tho history of misgovernmcnt by board followed the com mon course to the onstomnry cud ; too late was coupled as usual with loo early ; the Govern- ment hnd proornstinated to its loss, yet even tlion it was unready, and for another period of months tho deserted farms lay idlo. At length tho first shipment of lopors landod (1865) with a small kit of blankets, tin dishes and the liko, but neither food nor money, to find tho roofs fallen from the bouses and the taro rotting in the ground. Thoy wore strangers to oaoh other, oollcatod by common calamity, disfigured, mortally siok, banished without sin from homo nnd friends. Few would understand tho principle on whioh they wero thus forfeited in all that makes lifo dear; many must have conceived their ostra- oism to be grouudod in malevolent onpriee ; all came with sorrow at heart, many with deBpojr nnd rage. In the ohroniolo of man there is per haps no more melancholy landing than this of tho lopor immigrants among tho rqinod houses and dead harvests of Molokai. But tho spirit of our raoo is finoly tempered and the business of life engrossing to the last. As tho spider, when you liavo Wrecked its web, begins immediately to spin fresh strands, so theso exiles, widowed, orphanod, unohilded, lognlly dead and physi- cally dying, struck root in their now place. By a oulpablo neglect in tho authorities they woro suffered to divide among thorn- selves the whole territory of the settlement ; foil to work with growing hope, repaired the houses, replanted the fields, and bogan to look about them with the pride of the proprietor. Upon this scono of reviving industry a second deportation arrived, nud the first were called upon to share and subdivide thoir lots. They did so, not without complaint, whioh the authorities disregarded ; a third shipment followed shortly after in tho same conditions, and a further redistribution ' of the land was imposed upon the early sottlers. Remuneration was demanded ; Government demurred upon the price ; tho lepers woro affronted, withdrew their offer, and stood upon their rights, and a new regimen arose of ne cessity. The two first companies continued to subsist upon their farms ; but the third, and all Hubsoquont shipments, must he fed by Government. Pauperism had begun, nnd tho original design miscarried. To-day all are paupers ; tbo singlo occasion of healthy inter est and' oxerciso subducted, apd the country at largo saddled with tho support of mauy useless mouths. 