FROM LIFE.* The many friends of Wvbert Reeve in South Australia are well aware of his skill as a comedian and of his brilliancy as a conversationalist, but they are not so fully informed concerning his brightness and ability as a writer. Frequently he lias made incursions into the field of authorship, and presented to the public through the medium of type his observations upon men and things. His latest contribution to literature is a book published by George Robertson &. Co., under the title of "From Life," containing recollections and jottinp°. rov< ring a wide area, and instinct with the freshness and interest of personal experience. The opportunities he nas had asaotor, manager, and traveller in most parts of the civilized world, and his association with men and women of mark here, there, and everywhere have supplied him with stores of varied information, and his capacity to take note of the humorous side of things, combined with dexterity in the use of the English language, enable him to present piquant pictures of what he has seen and heard. He does not concern himself with prosaio facts such as attract the statesman, the political economist, or the social reformer, but he is a keen critic of the human family, and is able t»4iit off with a light touch and with, a complete absence of bitterness or wounding satire the peculiarities of those with whom he has been brought in contact. We learn from the volume, though the writer certainly does not go out of his way to obtrude his personality, that Mr. Reeve at a very early age developed a liking for the stage, and lost no chance of going to the play. His first visit to a theatre was in the company of Thomas Dibdin, grandson of " the great sea-aong writer, godson of Garrick, and author of some 600 songs, d ramus, and pantomimes—pantomimes in which Grimaldi clowned, notably the very famous one of * Mother Goose. " This Thomas Dibdin, at the time spoken of a decrepit old man, burdened" with a young wife and family, forms one of a troop of noteworthy characters of the old time outlined inthe first chapter—characters which, like shadows out of thedistant past, flit before the author's mental vision. One is tempted to linger among apparitions spoken of with such tender appreciation, but in the later pages of the book is to be found metal more attractive. In presenting "Sidelights from the Stage" Mr. Reeve is in hiB element. He first dwells upon Edward Kean, whom he regards as the last of the great Shakspearian geniuses the_ English stage can boast of, ana many curious incidents are recorded concerning this tragedian, who had a strangely chequered career. He belonged to the time when playgoers expected full value for their money, and got it too, for the performances were lengthened oat till the early hoars of the morning. It is strange to read the statements of receipts of those times, when a week's takings varied from £1210s. to £39 6s. 6d., and this, in spite of the attractions of names which are famous m the history of the stage. Some of the old bills reprinted by Mr. Reeve bear striking testimony to the quality and quantity of the provision made for the deleot&tion; of theatre goers in the daj s of our fathers. Ononeoocasion —a benefit to Mr. Wallack in 1830—the proembraced Colman's play of " The boa ." fourteen ballads and duets, a comedietta in two acta entitled "Perfection," and & new drama, also in two acts, called "The Brigand." Nor is the bill alone remarkable. far its length, seeing that among the performers mentioned in it are such stars as Madame Vestris and Madame Mali bran. It is only in passing, however, that Mr. Reeve adverts to times antecedent to his own. Presently he brings us into the thick of his theatrical life. He has muoh that is kindly to say about Mrs. Bamett, under whose management he made some of his earlier essays in acting. This lady, be relates, "Had a marvellous way of casting pieces. Nothing came amiss to her; her ingenuity in arranging the doubling and trebling of parts was a surprise it took a new member of the company some time to get over. I give an instanoe. A star, Mr. Henry Betty, eon of the young Roseius, came to play a week, and among other pieces 'Macbeth' was put tip. I found myself cast for Boss, l&nquo;, and the First Murderer, which necessitated my murdering myself and reporting to Macbeth I had done so. I knew in all probability I should murder Shakspeare •without any trouble^ but I could not see my j tray to the other arrangement. It was, how- I •ver, soon got over by Mrs. Bamett. My I dear, nothing could be nicer. Macduff and ' Malcolm mixed up Ross's lines in the first two acts, and I was all right as Banquo up to the first scene, when I appeared in a cloak, slouch hat, and beard as the murderer, and undertook my own murder; then in the murder scene I crossed as BauquowithFleance, threwcloak and bat on, bobbed round the wing, and entered as First Murderer, followed myself off and committed the sanguinary act, entered at the banqueb soece, reported I had done the deed, off with cloak, some chalk on face, and a huge red gash .across my throat, and I was Banquo's ghost I afterwards came to life for the rest of the pieoe as Ross. To say the least this was an ingenious concentration of dramatic forces, but in those days and in such theatres you were supposed to get experience^ and there is no doubt you did get it." By a natural transition the writer comes to Apeak of amateur acting, and introduces an amusing anecdote about his meeting with an old gentleman at Whitehaven, in Cumberland. One evening he told me, to my surprise, be bad been an actor. As Hamlet questions Polonius, naturally •comes the query, "What did you enact?" "Well, perhaps,"he replied, "you wouldn't think in a part of much importance; but I did, I can tell you," ' What is it?" " Well, young sir—it was a cock." I was considerably mystified by this reply. Seeing I was so, he explained. "You know a play called the 'Soectre Bridegroom?"' I answered in the affirmative. " Well, there is one particular part of it, after the man sitB watching for the ghost, juat as morning breaks, when the cook crows." 1 " Yes, I rememember that." - j " Well, as I did the cock astonishing in my : young days they asked me to help 'em behind the scenes." ) " How did you get on V | " First-rate, young sir, only, you see, I was laughing at the play, and forgot when it was to come, and I felt very nervous, I can tell yon." I " That was a pity." | "Wasn't it? Presently I remembered what I was there for. I hadn't noticed the actor on the stage making faces at me for some time before, 'What the devil are you doing Y says one of the amateur actors called Tom Martin. 'It's afternoon now, the play's nearly over. D it, you ought to have crowed half an hour ago.' I should have done it first-rate but for that. I never acted again" | " Well, there is no knowing what the stage has lost" i " You're right, young sir," and the old man ! chuckled and puffed vigorously at his church- 1 warden, tickled at the idea. I This same Mr. Thompson, amateur cock- ' crower, and President of the Crown Inn Parlour, was the father of the late Dr. Thomp- j son. Archbishop of York. I Then follow in quick succession recollections of Charles Dillon; of Sir William and Lady Don, with whom Mr. Reeve in bis early days of management had much to do; of Charles Kean, who paved the way for that "innovation of archaeological and historical accuracy" in the presentation of plays which in Henry Irvinga hands has proved such a brilliant success; of Joeeph Jefferson; of Robert Hellar, the clever thought and object reader, whose visits to Australia with his sister Haidee live in the memory of Adelaideans; of Sothern and delightful hours spent with him at Evans's in the palmy times of that femous Bohemian resort; of G. V. Brooke, who will always hold a high place in the admiration and regard of Australian theatregoers; •of poor vain talented Walter Montgomery, whose performances on stage and platform mark an epoch in the dramatic annals of Adelaide : of Henry Irving, who owes something to Mr. Reeve for the opportunity of so early in his career finding a place on the boards of a London theatre!; and finally of our recent genial visitor, J. L. Toole, whose unostentatious kindness in providing in conjunction with a charitable lady of the city an entertainment for the inmates of the Destitute Asylum is appreciatively recorded. One of the brightest chapters in the book are the "Recollections of Charles Mathews," with •whom Mr. Reeve was brought much in contact, and for whom he entertained a strong affection. We can do no more, however, than quote two anecdotes—one characteristic of the dry humour of the great comedian, another of his marvellous vitality, by virtue of which he was enabled to enact successfully, even in extreme old age, parts requiring the sprightliness and vivacity which are usually the accompaniment of youth. At Neweastle-on-Tyne lived a Mr. L , a Commissioner in Bankruptcy, who was always eager to become acquainted with notabilities, but was withal a very mean man. " He would not rest until he persuaded Captain R (a friend of Mr. Reeve's) to take Mathews round to breakfast. At last he consented, and L had a spread, as he considered, worthy of the occasion. After breakfast It- produced a much-prized box of cigars that he religioasly kept from his ordinary friends, and offering it to Mathews said— 'Try one of these; you will find them very fine—very fine indeed. You are a good judge of cigais. They cost me, wholesale, ninepence apiece.' 'Did they?'said Mathews, smelling one, looking at it, then lighting it, L—— * By Wvbert Beeve (Comedian). Selected and reirablished from the AuthraUuian and other journals. George Robertson <fc Co., London, Melbourne! Sydney, ud Adelaide, watching every movement. • Try ona of these,' said Mathews, offering his cigarcase, which L accepted. He took out a cigar, looked at it, smelt it. pinched it, carefully pierced it, and lit it. ' Ah!' he said with satisfaction, passing the lighted end near his nostrils to better enjoy the aroma. ' Very good; first rate. A fine cigar; well seasoned; full flavour.' 'Very,' replied Mathews, quietly ; ' I see you like a good cigar.' ' I do,' said L——. ' l" know the quality directly I put it to my mouth.' ' Yes, I should think eo,' replied Mathews, his eyes twinkling;' that cigar cost me twopence. I bought ib at a chandler's shop round the corner.' It was perfectly true ; he had sent for a shilling's worth that morning." Here is the other story :— "He went to the theatre, and had partially undressed when he fainted away. A doctor was immediately sent for; the house was ciowded, and the Manager in great trouble. On examining Mathews the doctor said he did not believe there was an hour's life in him—it was quite impossible that he could play. The audience mast be dismissed. Gradually Mathews revived, and when aware of his position told the man to finish dressing him. The doctor protested, and warned Mr. B , the Manager, Mathews would to a certainty f&lldead-on; the stage. It was no use, he would not haar of the audience being turned away, persisted in dressing, and was led to the wing ready for his entrance. The Manager in a fright hastened to the front to see the expected calamity. ' I never was in such a funk in my life,' said Mr. B , telling me the story, 'when, to my surprise, on he came, apparently as lively as ever. 1 couldn't believe it was the same man.' He got through the performance. The doctors at the end begged of him not to smoke; his heart was in a moft dangerous condition. 'Oh,'said Mathews, 'if I die I must smoke.' He lit a cigar and was driven home. The doctor and Manager consulted; it was reaction, and that he would be dead in the morning was the conclusion they came to, so the latter set about arranging another bill. In the morning the blinds of the hotel were not down. Mr. B went ujistairs to Mathews's room, and there he was. ' Hilloa B , did you expect to find me dead? Not a bit of it. See, this is what I have just finished,' throwing him a very well done little water-colour sketch." Mr. Reeve, having disposed of the lights of the stage, turns to those of the pulpit, and gives without reserve his opinions upon the popular preachers to whose oratory he has listened. He speaks of Robert Montgomery, whose eloquence enraptured his youthful imagination, but in whom ue has long since rccognised the charlatan so scathingly denounced by Macaulay. He speakB of J. M. Bellew doing justice to his dramatic genius, but deftly hitting off the infirmities of his character. He speaks o James Guthrie and of Dr. Parker, rather unfairly describing the latter's pulpit peculiarities as antics introduced for the sake of effect, and harshly characterizing Ins deliverances as wanting in "conviction, thorough earnestness, soul, or whatever else you like to call it." He has a kind word to say for Spurgeon, who be believes has done more good than half the preachers in London, but he has somewhat against him on the score of his use of abrupt metaphor and illustrations far below the dignity of his subjects. Finally he refers generally with appreciation to Unitarian preachers he has met, giving especially unstinted praise to the Rev. Robert Collyer," of Chioago. In the next chapter he furnishes many interesting personal recollections of Wilkie Collins, with whom he was brought into close association. Then follow a series of touching incidents illustrative of the intelligence and fidelity of "Our Dog Companions;" a chapter entitled "In Search of Lodgings," in which the professional landhdy comes in for unsparing and well-merited censure; a dissertation on "Ghosts," with some hairraising descriptions of of apparitions and fairly well authenticated instances of communications between-dead and living friends who in life were far apart; an eminently pathetic discourse upon "Madness;" a bright and genial article on the "Old Inns of England;" reflections upon "Sport in Days of Yore;" a picturesquely written " Glance at Galatz and the Bosphorus;" some realistic experiences of a professional trip from Texas to Memphis ; and several otner entertaining sketches of travel. From this it will be seen how varied are the contents of the little Tolome which Mr. Reeve has seen fit to give to the world. The book is entertaining from beginning to end, and our only regret is that space does not admit of our giving more copious extracts from its interesting pages. 