Sketcher. Optical Ittusions. If anyone wishes to make an emphatic statement about an oooarrenob ot, Wing, and 8ays> * It tnustbeeo. I saw it taynelf,* he con siders the matter Is settled. I' shfell try to show that seeing is not always believing, andthat many things we see are merely optical illusions and not tobe entirely depended on aa facts. Iufeeihe term as a titlein the widest pos sible eense, and ttitend including in the Sub ject any esse in which we see, or think we see, anything differently front what it is in reality . My paper will be divided, more for convenienoe than with scientific aoouraoy, into three parts. Firat, illusions depending- on optical contrivances-reflection andrefcaotion being the ohief causes of <teoeption ; secondly, illusions depending on the strnotnre of thei eye-here we shall discuss color irradiation, and .binocular phenomena ; and,thirdly, opti calillugibne dopendtagon the btain, or the interpretations of the sensations received by theeyp. in flib feotion I shell give instances in wmoh the judgment is misled, and oon cliuje with a few Words on apparitions. I.-IUusioni pepeniing Mpfltfcai CoHtrir terobatty 1 he bestlkiiown optical illu sion'ia Pepper's ghost. Here a plate of plane glas- LB placed at an angle of 45 degrees near the front of the stage, before it the stage flootiflltome fee*: lower, and any strongly illupiittnted object on the floor in a horizontal posttiofcuppeata Upright and on the stage. One of my Mends recently showed me a device depending on the same principle, by Which a pnofc&graph; in glass is superposed on An ordinary carte. Retlefttiop 18 responsible for eome of the trtykaof the Davenport Brothers and.forthe curiosities known as living1 heads withoht bodips, etp. The oonverse ofjttis taay be seeh-in the palace pf Versailles, where a com bination of tnlrrors makes speotatops appear Tfeft;1 optical parado*T ^enables one appar entjjr to see through a briok, but really four plane mirrors aarry the light round the obstacle. In the 4 phantom bouquet'ooncealedflowers .re made by acone&vo; mirror to arpear in a rase. Concave and convex «yllodrtoal mir rors cause 8'rengeand amusing distortions of the faces of those looking at them. Refraction makes a pond appeur shallower fhan it iff, and a stick put in water appeiars toot. By refraction of light t hroagh layers of air of different densities, the strange illu sions known as mirages are produced. If a wine glass is partly filled with wpter and iuvt rtea on a plate with a ooin on it, re fraction causes the coin to appear on the sur face of the water, and it is also seen directly, but enlarged. By means of the double re fraction of Iceland spar, a dot placed under it appears as two. II.-Illusions Depending on the Structure of the Eye.-Several interesting illusions depend on the faot that an image on the retina lasts }bout an eighth of a second. In thethauma ".ropea cerdbaa an object drawn on each tide, say a bird on one vide and a oageon the other; if the card i* rotated, the images are superposed and the bird appears in the cage. In the zoetrope and the phantasoope a mov ing object,,»s a swinging pendulum, is drawn in successive stages, and while the series is rotated and viewed through slits, the pendn . lam appears to be swinging backward and forward. For tbe same reason a vibrating string appears as a flat plate, ant we think lightning lasts much longer than it actually does, while without this * persistence' fire works would lose most of their beauty. Toe rotating vacuum bulbs form a very pretty illustration of this, bnt as ihe illumination iB intermiti ent, the tube appears as a rayed star and not as a continuous circle. That white light is composed of all colors may be shown by rotating a disk with seg ments, oolored in proper proportions, when the colors sre blended, and it appuars white, or more correotly gray. Physiologically, white light is made up of the three colors, rod, green and, violet, which we probably perceive by three sets of nerve fibres of die retina. On the border of the retina the red-perceiving nerve fibres are absent. We can see this by holding a red pencil In front of the eye at arm's length, and while keeping the eye fixed moving the peooil round side ways j until we re$ch a point at which the pencil is visible but ap pears bleak. If the eye has an excess of one color presented to it for somb time, the nerve fibres oorraesponding to that color are incap able of aoting for a ehort period, and a white 8urfaoe appears tinged with the oomplemen i tary color. This effect has been largely used by a certain firm for advertising purposes, i Similarly a strip of white paper on a pieoeof bright green covered with white tissue paper appears pink. An ingenious advertisement has blue figures on a red ground. When these are viewed in the shadow end' slightly moved, the blue marks appear to danoe about the paper, for when the eyes are in focus for the red, an image for the blue is formed in front of the retina^ and in therefore indietinot; when ihe blue is right, ihe red is indistinct; ae the red rays oonverge to a pi<int behind the retina, the rapid changing of the fdous of the eye from one to the other position m&kee; the edges indtstinot, and gives the idea of motion^ If statoOlri ifl taken, white appears yel low,as thiB drug-has the pkopq^tf of dts trpying thevioldt-pptoelvingflbtes. If a thin jftatlnum wire ismade inoandes oent with an Lottie ouirent, its apparent tblo|ni|bs8 is greatly iocre^sp4; this is due to 4 irrftdfatidin, or the enoroaohjiuf of bright parts on darker ones;' tdintlarly, any one looks larger, in light than in dark olothes, and a white wafer on a blaoir ground looks larger tban attack "wafer ^n a white ground The effect of background may be. noticed in a a&owetdrin; thjpShow looks black against the light sky, biitwUte against the dark earth. Irradiation also explains the ap pearance of a pole with the sUla ae back ground, when the pole appears narrower, or even discontinuous, when in front of the sun's disk. A piece of black thread held in front of the gas shows the same phenomenon., A defect of the «ye, known as spherical aberration, causes the eye to sen a bmht point as a star. Grab lamps in foggy weather show this well. Milk looks white and blood red because the eye has not sufficient magnifying power to perceive that coloured or Opaque panicles are floating in a colourless liquid,. The. part of the retina where 'the iptic nerve'en&irethe; eye isquite bU*id; to ob seiHre thin,' put a dot abd a eross/on&plece; of papto about three'i&fclies; apart, close tbe left eyie, and fix the right eye on the cross to the left of the paper, and at a certain dis tance. (about nine inohes)the dot entirely dis appears. If a pin be Iheld by the point quite close to the eye, apd a pit) hole'in a card be held be tween the eye and a lights £he pin will appear headdownward, owing to the upright shadow being; inverted by the judgment, as if it were the iiiverted image 'usually received oh the retina. 1 The experiment kuown as Soheiner's is curious. By 'looking at a pin through two hbleB very close, together two pins are seen a8 an image on the retina is produced by the rajvsor light Upswing through each W the to tb« left eye and the hand be plaoed by the ^^ jWe pf i^ ylipi a Jjple wjiU appear SfSSf form of an objeot under the miorosoppe with out the aid of a drawing prism. The Bterosoojje gives the appearance of solidity by oombiniug two sligiitiy different views by raaiwB ttf!pn«mafic #fcpifeoM. Two I somewhat similar * cartes' plaoed under it are blended to a curious composite portrait. ! If two banknotes are observed in it, and > there is any appearance of solidity,tbGy are not identioal. and therefore «na is forged. That your jutgxpent of di&tanpe; largely I depends on having two eyes, way be amus ingly phowu by trying to thread a needle with one eye closed. The pseudoscope is a combination of prisms j which inverts the normal relation, and makes near objects appear distant, and vice versa^ in a most bewildering way. The options rotation of 'sttobic circles* partly depends on persistence and parity on the fa^fc that the Duryature of ths eye is not exactly the eaine in the vertioal and hori zontal direction. Pictures must be classed op deal illusions, for all arpistspttempt to make objects on a flatsurtaceappeacto h.va threa dimensions So well ip th^dP^ itf tiprs thatwe th.nk the eye? ,pf»picture foLow us as we move abojit.a room; The feffect of neighbouring forms in mis leading the judgment may be shown by I placing two exaotly equal somewhat horse shoe-shaped pieoes of cardboard with the narrow part of the onb opposed to the broad part of theotner, when the latter will always look larger. : How big doss tbe sun.look ? is a question j wbich would get various answers ; or, to put i it more definitely, what is the diameter ; which first hides the sun's disk at a certain I distance, say ten feet; as far as I out an ! swer the question, I should say between three and four inches. This is an example I of the difficulty of estimating tbe size vt an j object with nothing to compare it with; when I on tbe horizon, the sunappears larger,for there j we may have comparison objects, Wnen we I see people walking on the top of a small bill, j the summit of whioh is sharply defined | against the sky, they appear gigantic. The . Speotre of theBropken,' a shadow oast by the rising run. may also be mentioned. I An amusing error of judgment is often i made when one attempts to enow the distance | from the floors hat on a gentlemen's head | would reach. j If a square is divided in one direction by | parallel lines, it appears elongated in the direction of the lines: in dress it is useful, for 1 vertical stripes make a lady look taller and thither. Itlatfioha bf motion areoomtpon. We otifcy Watch a waterfall till the witer Upbears to stwtfd Still, attdtihti rock* behind it nttrveitp. While sit'ibgin a train palslnfr, It is impos sible, if the ikttet be or closed coaches (like a mail train), to say which of four things is happ&tlbg.; Hfce other train may be at Inst, both tratas may be moving in the same direc ; tioh, but ours qUioker. or in oototrary direc tiohs. We can only settle the question! by looking out of the other window. On lookingat a bright sky I can see spots moving up and down, and looking like sn«Jtep. These are known as inuscte volltantea I and are due to toovinz opaque par icles in the , virtuous humour ot the eye throwing a stiacLo# on the retina. J. F. Literseege. 