DRAMATIC GOSSIP. Mrs. Brown-Potter, it is stated in the Queen, has bought a sheep ranch in Australia, The Playgoers' Review, the organ of the Playgoers' Club, is edited by Mr. J. T. Grem. In one of the papers Mr. W. Peel says that modern English comedy has become tragic through its vulgarity; and modern English tragedy, if it exists at all, has become comic through its artificiality." Mr. Austin Fryers elaborates what he calls " A Practical Scheme for the Enacted," dramatists rejected of the managers being invited to subscribe to and to co-operate in the management of a theatre of their own. Mr. William Alison condemns what he styles " the reptile Press" for its reception of " Ghosts." Ibsenism is a favoured cult of the Playgoers'. Ibsen's plays, by the way, have found their way to Russia. One of his plays was produced lately at Moscow, in Russian. " An Enemy of the People" was produced at Riga, and the applause was very lively during the first three acts ; but the audience was evidently somewhat taken aback by the large and noisy meeting in the fourth act, such meetings of free countries being unknown in Russian life, and consequently on the Russian stage, but this act, too, was well received. This, however, was not the ease with the last act, and the audience was evidently more surprised than pleased with the Ibsen solution. Mr. Locke Richardson, well known America and in Australia as a Shakspearian scholar and reader, gave an interesting recital of " King Lear" at Cambridge in April. The audience was greatly impressed by his powers. The chair was taken by Dr. Hill, master of Downing College. The Italian opera season was in full swing at last London advices. Fewer diamonds than might have been expected (says St. James's) were attracted to the Royal Italian Opera by the first performance this season of "La Traviata." . . . Madame Albani sang extremely well the now brilliant, new pathetic, part of Violetta. But it would be a mistake to suppose that this feverish character suits her, from a dramatic point of view, as well as those calmer and more poetical ones of Senta in "The Flying Dutchman," of Elizabeth in "Tannhauser," and of Elsa in "Lohengrin." In impersonating the Wagnerian heroines Madame Albani has, on the Italian stage, no superior. The scene of Violctta's farewell to the unconscious Alfredo. . . . Madame Albani plays correctly and in good taste, but without awakening the least emotion without, indeed, making any recognisable impression. . . . Violctta's " business" in the orgy of the first act is, by the way, getting stronger and stronger. The earlier Violottas, with the gay Piccolomini and the charming Bosio among them, were content to drink, or pretend to drink, a little champagne quite a novelty in those days for a prima donna of the first order. Madame Christine Nilsson, on appearing, immediately after her return from America, as Violetta, made that perfect lady, at the end of her drinking song, shake a few drops of wine from her glass. Madame Patti went a step beyond, and, giving a violent jerk to her glass, emptied it of all its contents; and now Madame Albani, going further still, hurls to the ground wine and wineglass together. " The revival at the Lyceum of " The Corsican Brothers" was to take place on the 12th May, with Mr. "-Irving in the dual part of the brothers'-Doi^Franchi. There is no suitable part for Miss Ellen Terry, but on the same evening site Was to be seen in the title role of Charles Reade's one-act play, "Naneo Old- field." The character was a favourite one with Miss Genevieve Ward, who appealed in it with much succossduringhor short tenancy of the Lyceum in 1888. The story is merely an inversion of that related in "David Garrick:." The role of the good-natured actress offers abundant scope for Miss Terry. LOUISE KELLY AND THE PRINCE. " She was always so merry and kind is Miss Ellen Terry's recollection of her sister actress at the Haymarket Theatre-the late Mrs Louise Keeley, daughter of the celebrated comedian, and afterwards wife of Mr. Montagu Williams. The reminiscence revives the memory of a pleasing little anecdote. One evening the Prince and Princess of Wales were at the theatre ; it was their first appearance since their marriage, and they sat back in the royal box when Miss Keeley, dressed as a youth in a fairy play, had to step for Hi and sing the stanza- . Iloro'a that Pvjuca of Happy Imml, . Ouch lib dwelt at the Lyceum ¡ Here's another Prince in hand, Butb<iiiiji;i«ti>(«l&/« you can't bee line. " Such a scene 1" exclaims Miss Tony. "In one moment the audience grasped the situa- don't suppose they thought the lines were impromptu. Every one in stalls, boxes, circles, pit, and gallery stood up and cheered and cheered again. Such excitement 1 The action of the play was stopped, and the cheers grew louder and louder until our Prince (the 1 Invisible'-until-then-Prinoo) came forward in his box, and bowed in acknowledgment of one of the heartiest of the many loyal greetings it has often warmed my heart to listen to That (she adds) was a point in the play which Miss Keeley never made so much of before or after that night." The vigorous development of the Voluntary school (says St. James's is a fact to be care fully borne in view when considering the proposals of the Government with regard to free education. It is most significant, as Mr. Chamberlain says, that two-thirds of the school-going population of England and Wales are receiving instruction at Voluntary schools. This means that most of the education of the country is provided by the Church of England for the number of Roman Catholic, Jewish, and Dissenting schools may almost be left out of the reckoning. Lady Jeune, whose husband, Sir Francis Jeune, has recently been knighted, and made a Judge in the English High Court of Justice, is said to be the only woman in London who has succeeded for some years in holding a gallon. Many celebrities visit there, and all professions are represented at her receptions. The Princess Christian is her intimate friend, and they are associated in much philanthropic work. Lady Jeune is deeply interested in work among the poor, and does not hesitate to go into the slums in her efforts to help the poor children, upon whose improvement she is especially intent. In one of the books written by the late Count von Moltke, the great German strategist, we have his thoughts concerning the Saviour. " His life," says von Moltke, " was humble. He was the descendant of a people in bondage, and He had not a place where to lay His head. To the fisherman He talked in parables about God ; He healed the sick and died the death of an evil-doer. And yet there has never been anything on this earth that could be purer, more elevated, and also-seen even from the worldly point of view more successful than this conduct, this teaching, and this death." 