GENERAL VON CAPRIVI'S speech to the Reichstadt on the European position will naturally command attention be cause of the position of the speaker, and also because of the insecure and •restless feeling that, no matter what ■monarchs or generals may say, war, sooner or later, is inevitable, and may •come at almost any moment, precipi tated, it may be, by some compara tively trifling incident. Latterly, •the utterances of leading states men ihave been strongly to the effect ■that peace may be reckoned on for a good while . to come. If we, how ever, interpret these pacific, assurances and predictions in, the light of what Governments are doing, it would seem’ that peace is to be preserved by making the risks of war altogether too fright ful to beencountered. On every hand the work .of military and naval prepar ation is being ceaselessly carried on, and not only this but formidable masses of troops and ships of war are kept in a condition of preparedness for almost immediate action. This fact alone shows that the possibility, of a sudden outbreak is not only recog nised but provided for. In his speech to the Eeichstadt the German Chancellor took occasion to contradict the lately circulated rumor that he. was tired of the cares and re sponsibilities of his exalted position, and intended to shortly resign. His public and unqualified denial of this rumor is to be regarded with satisfac tion. The General is able, and he is popular, and it would be impossible to forecast the results of his retirement. He assured the Eeichstadt that not one of the European powers desired war; that so far as the Czar personally was concerned, his intentions were most peaceful, and thought-too much had been made of the visit of the French fleet to Cronstadt, and the appearances of a closer understanding between Eussiaand France. All this is very well, but it is, after all, mere negation and surmise. It may. be taken for granted that the General put the prob abilities of peace as strongly as his knowledge of affairs permitted, and there is a certain significance in the fact that he used no stronger terms, and that he indicated the likelihood of a still further extension of Germany’s vast armament. That no European power is desirous of war, and that the Czar personally favors the continuance of peace, may be, and doubtless is true, but it signifies little, and guarantees nothing whatever. The long-standing bitterness between France and Ger many is an element of danger in the situation as to which nothing can safely be predicted except that it will, some day or other, lead to an explo sion. If the Czar really desires peace he should be able to regulate the pro cedure of his agents and officers in Central'and Eastern Asia, and so avoid irritating or menacing British power. Of all the other conceivable causes for a rupture of’ the peace it 'may be said they are counterbalanced by a sense of the tremendous conse quences of one. But France and Germany might come to. blows at any time, and whenever they do all Europe will rise and join in the fray. A German international review lately published a rather remarkable article, the purpose of which was to show how Great Britain could ensure the keeping of the European peace. The writer classes the navies of Europe in five divisions, according to their speed under steam. Thus, the highest . division, A, includes all ships having a capacity of from 20 to 22 knots per hour, and the lowest class, E, ships of from ■ 12 to 14 knots. It may be assumed that the actual fighting ap pliances of first-class ships of war is about the same all round, or, if there be a difference, it will be- in favor of the British navy. This being so the offensive and defensive strength of afleet will be just in the ratio of its speed. A mere count of ships, says the writer of the article before us, would give no idea of the real power of the British navy. The most powerful ships are, of course, those in class A, simply be cause they could easily overtake or escape from vessels of a lower grade. According to the German writer, Great Britain has 29 ships in this class, while there is not one anywhere else in Europe. We are, for the moment, accepting the statements in the article as correct, but at the same time not forgetting that rumors have reached us now aud again of war ships built in Great Britain for both Turkey and Italy, of enormous power and speed. Taking the latest informa tion as to the number of sea going war vessels with a speed of 12 knots or over, we learn that Great Britain has 162 such ships, France 100, Eussia 31, and the Triple Alliance 97. But the British war ships have an enormous advantage over those of other nations, because of their aggregate superiority in speed, altogether apart from number or fighting equipments. As matters" stand, the writer con siders that the Triple Alliance might enter on a struggle with a Franco-Eus sian combination with a fair chance of success, even supposing that Great Britain were to remain neutral. The Alliance would he inferior in point of numbers, but it is held that it would be comparatively easy to pre vent combined action between the two fleets of TheAustrian and Italian would compel'France to concentrate her| strength in the Mediterranean, and,-; backedlby their flotillas of | and gunboats, would giveifae French fleet v enough'to dd'to hold its own. ’ Then-'the chances of the Alliance might be much bettered if .some other power, with even a small squadron of efficient war ships were to declare on its side. ” All this on the supposition that Great Britain was strictly neutral. The writer, however, points out that Great Britain could not under, any circumstances be an indifferent on looker, and would in the end either formally enter the Alliance or else give it such active.sympathy as would, in effect, amount to the same thing. And this is how, in the German re viewer’s opinion, Great Britain can keep the peace of Europe. If it were once understood that she would range herself on the side of the Alliance as soon as the peace was broken, neither Bussia nor even France, with her long-cherished schemes of revenge, would venture to provoke"a"war. The practice of- putting off till to morrow what.' could and ought to he done to-day, is so prevalent that per haps numbers of our readers will need reminding that this is the last day for procuring electoral rights;'and although the’ Government has wisely given to intending voters every encouragement and assistance, hy requiring the regis trars’ offices to be kept open until 10 p.m., yet at that -hour to-night these offices will absolutely .close. There is an impression, whether correct or not we do not know, that the number of electoral rights hitherto issued, although large, is not, nearly so large as might fairly have been expected. If this be so it goeg to prove that a portion of the people are too careless or indolent tp qualify themselves to take a share in the government of the country. We hope it is not true of Ballarat, at any rate, but that the lists made up here will show that our residents are fully alive to the value of their politi cal privileges. It is well known that particular associations have been very active in inducing their adherents to register in time, and this is well. Yet the ones who are most likely to be left out are those who are attached to no political or industrial organisation, quiet going intelligent men, who would be pretty sure to cast an independent vote, and wlose registration is, therefore, all the more to be desired. We wish to make s personal appeal to these, and we art sure they are very many, if •they hive.not already secured an elec tor’s' right, to do so without fail to day. We have no reason to suppose that the oficers who issue electors’ rights are aiything less than prudent and carefu. Still it is no harm to point out tie need for continuous use of those excellent qualities. It is said that lapses of memory are not uncommon in the case of those who desire to acquire the electoral privilege. Young men conceive the idea that they are 21 when perhaps only 13. It is in such cases . that the sagacr-y of the registrars is most in request. The law provides a series of questions, which, if faithfully put and truthfully answered meet all require ments, still there may be cases in which some of these questions are omitted, or so perfunctorily put and answered as to amount to very little. And no doubt some would excuse a temporary addition of two or three yearsof their age, on the ground that the broad purpose of the Act is to confer the franchise upon every intelligent person who Ins arrived at years of discretion, and that a properly trained lad y is as fit to record an intelligent vote at 18 years of age as at 21. It is therefore the du;y of the registrars to scrutinise every Applicant, and should he see cause b doubt the bonafides, refuse to issue the right until further enquiry were imde. Every good colonist has an interest in the completeness and purity of the electoral rolls, and in a very large degree this purity is to be in creased or abated by the officers who issue electoral rights. Both ponses of Parliament meet this after noon. Ii the Council tlie Local Government Bill coin's on for second reading, to be fol lowed hythe Railway Committee Remunera tion Bill. In tlie Assembly the Licensing Arbitrating Bill is to take precedence ac cording U arrangement arrived at on Thurs day. If time permita'the Attorney General will movi a resolution in favor of the early construction of some branches to connect tlie G'ppsland coalfields -with the main railway line. Them will be a proviso that ail land required ihnll be conveyed to the depart ment free .of cost and a guarantee given that the trafficis likely to render the lines pay able. Tlie strike in the painting trade still re. mains unssttlcd. The strike arid control committeemet at tlie Trades’ Hail last night, but tlie oficers were very reticent regarding their movements, and we were unable to gather an; particulars beyond tlie fact that they are ii active commuiiicatinn witli the . MelbourneTrades’Hail and the metropolitan Painters’ Union, and that they are using every endeivor to prevent men coming here. At a meeting of tlie non union employers held yesteiday morning the following reso lution was unanimously carried:—“That it is not to tin interest, nor yet the intention, of the non union employers to employ cheap labor in riference to inferior men or boys, and that wj are open to employ competent men at tin highest rate of wages.” Word having hem received from Melbourne that there are plenty of men awaiting engage ments, it ms decided that if any nf the men w.ho have leased work inteud coming back, their be left open until 10 a.m. to-day, aft?r which time the employers will proceed to 511 the vacancies. They are still unaiiiiiinus'y of the decision to. work hence forth as iioi-union shops. It may is as well to remind intending ap plicants for electors’ rights that the general list which will be used at tlie next general election ciraes to-night. The registrars in Ballarat Wist and East will keep open their offices until 10 o'clock. We would advise those entitlid to make early application to the registrar!, and thus avoid of any chance of being dsfrancliised. A stump of tlie value of 6d ihould lie provided by each ap plicant. Tlie news that the City of Melbourne Building Soc'sty was in financial difficulties was received with general regret in Ballarat yesterday. 4. large number of shares are held in this cistrict, and Mr Brokoushire, the local ageit, yesterday proceeded to Mel bourne' to witch the interests of Ballarat shareholders.) The Constitition Act Amendment Bill, as revised hy tic Council, should reach the Assembly this afternoon. It is, however, unlikely that ion. members will ho invited to deal with itbefore next week. The im pression prevails that the Government will not ask the Aecmbly to agree to tlie Coun cil’s amendmcits, and that a satisfactory compromise is lardly possible. Our Melbourne correspondent Informs us that at ri very tirgo meeting of the share holders in-the City of Melbourne Building Society, held im Monday afternoon, tlie chairman of di[cctors (Mr Deakin, M.L.A.) put tlie position clearly before them. He said that the society was thoroughly sound, provided the’depoaitors did not keep press ing for tlieirinoney. If the depositors gave them-time every penny would be paid, but the.directors would puttliesociety into volun- if any attempt were made to force their’’band. He pointed out that the speculated in any way, had neVer? liad a'’cheque dishonored, and that the meeting had simply been called because ruin was inevitable if the constant drawing out. of- deposits- continued! One director, he said, had a £lO,OOO deposit due in a few days, and he himself had a deposit overdue, which might-have been drawn out. Resolutions supporting the proposals of the directors were carried unanimously.” The general lists of non- rafepaying elec tors for botii the Legislative Council and the Legislative Assembly will be closed to day. All registrars will keep open their offices for the issue of electors’ rights until 10 o’clock p.m. .The local registrars are Mr William A. Christy, next the Post Office, Lydiard street, for, Ballarat West; and Mr Richard B. Michel], 6 Victoria street, and Mr Wil liam H. Ward, Main street, for Ballarat East. Mr Michell is registrar also for the South Road and Eureka Divisions of Warreu heip. . The four men arrested by the police on Saturday night at the Bakery Hill hotel, Hiimffray street, on charges of playing an unlawful game, ,were m brought ..before the Town magistrates yesterday morning. It appeared that the- accused, John O’Brien, Frederick Granland, Thomas Graniand, and John Irwin had been throwing dice for small aiiinnnts in the bar of the hotel, 'when: O’Brien was detected by the others in having substituted ii false die containing only low numbers. The Graniauds communicated with the police, with the result that, the whole four of the man were arrested by Con stables Barrett and Montague. Sub inspector Hamilton yesterday morning withdrew the charges against the men Graniand and Irwin, stating that they should never have been looked up. The charge against O'Brien, for whom Mr Barrett appeared,Was then gone on with, aud the evidence , of, Frederick Graniand was taken. For the defence two named Henry Bowles ami John Ritchie, who were present in the bar, were called, and stated that they saw nothing wrong. The bench flood O’Brien £5, in default two months’ imprisonment. Avoung man named Samuel Finney met with* a painful accident at the Western railway station yesterday whilst in the act of removing a stripping machine from one of tlte trucks in which it had been conveyed to the goods shed. Just as the stripper was being placed on to the lorry it slipped over the side, and in descending to the ground j mimed Pinm-y’s hand against the'side of the truck. The machine was lifted as speedily ns passible, when it was found that tli« flesh had been completely torn off the hack of his hand. The sufferer was imme diately taken to the Hospital, where the injury was attended to. Tlie fortnightly meeting of the Benevolent Asylum Committee was held at the Board Roam, Camp street, last night. Present — Mr Lnvitt, in the chair, and Messrs Lessslls, Josephs, M’Naught, Phillips, Cooke, J. X. Phillips, Dimsey, C'dtman, Shoppee, Gale, Fitzgerald, Showman, Rev. T. R Cairns, and R-v. Father Rogers. A number of applications for relief were dealt with. The matron’s and doctor’s reports were adopted. Donations amounting to £3l Is 61 were, ordered to be acknowledged with thanks. The following accounts were passed for pay ment: —Out-door relief, £l2; first payment for the stone staircases at the institute, £3OO. The meeting then closed. At the meeting of the Benevolent Asylum committee last night, Mr Cooke made appli cation on behalf of an elderly female to have her residence renovated and papered. One of the members thought that a request of that kiiidi was over stepping the mark. Another jocularly remarked that “ the work could be done cheaply now as the painters were ‘ on strike.’ ” The secretary pointed out that the house was the property of the board, and that for the health of the occupant the doctor recommended that the work should be done. After a slight discussion, it was decided to effect the necessary repairs, and the matter was left in the hands of the visit ing committee. A petition against the passing of the Brokers’ Bill, now before Parliament, will be presented to the Legislative Assembly to- day from the Ballarat' branch of the Miners’ Association. The petition is signed by the president (Mr T. Porter) and all the other officers. The reason the association gives for approaching Parliament in the matter is that the bill, if passed, would materially affect the labor market. An accident, which fortunately was not attended with any serious consequences, oc curred near the Western railway station yesterday’morning. A.horse attached to a carryall, belonging to Mr Hunter, of Eureka street, was being driven round the curve leading up to the booking office, when the near hind axle arm suddenly snapped off at the collar, and the body of the vehicle fell to the ground. The only occupants of the con veyance -.were three young ladies, one of whom h«d just received a telegnm to the effect that her mother was dying at Geelong, and had it not been that the animal was a quiet one it is probable that she would have realised that troubles seldom come alone. The wheel seemed bent on mischief, for after severing its connections with: the axle it rolled alnng for a few yards, turned, and, taking a complete circular course, was only prevented by the promptness of a passer hy from striking one of the young ladies who was in the act of alighting from the rear of the disabled vehicle. The anniversary of the Barkly street Wes leyan Sunday school was further celebrated yesterday by a tea and public meeting. An excellent tea was provided in the schoolroom, to which about 250 persons sat down. The tables were presided over hy the following ladies:—Misses Curwen, Crougey, Russell, Cave, Etchells, Butson, M’Coanell, William (2), Jones, Diamond, James, and Richards. The after : ineeting at the church was largely attended. The chair was occupied by the Rev. C. Lancaster, and addresses were de livered also by the Rev. S. Cuthhert, and the Hon. David Ham, M.L.C., superinten dent of- the school. The. secretary, Mr H. T. . H. Grave, read his annual report, which proved of a very satis factory nature. The number of scholars on the roil was 386, with an average attendance of 260. The' Sunday school children sang a number of selections very nicely, under the leadership of Mr T. Opie, with Miss Robb as organist. Messrs Samuel Prout, Arthur Prout, and Nyiander contributed consider ably to the evening’s entertainment by their instrumentation. At the conclusion the usual vote of thanks were passed to those who had assisted in the proceedings. In con nection witli the Sunday school the following officers have been elected for tlte ensuing year:—Hon. David Ham, superintendent; Mr H. T. H. Grave, secretary; Mr F. West, librarian; R. B. Michell, treasurer. Mr J. S. Cooper, at the Warden’s Court yesterday, gave his reserved decision regard ing the application for lease by Mr Geo. King, as to the amount of compensation to be paid to the owners of private property at Kerrit Bareetf in the event of damage being done. The warden allowed Mr Maher £34 14s 6d, and Mrs M'Dermott £29 Ida (hotii including one acre nf surface required); Mr Tnohey. £2O; Mr P. M’Dermott, £5; Mrs H. M’Dermott, £4 16s 4d; and Mr Tonhcy, £3 Is. Mr J. C. Shaw appeared for the applicant, and Mr J. B. Pearson for Mrs M’Dermott, one of the owners. The following is a copy of a letter re ceived hy Mr W, Hurdsfield, president of the local Trades and Labor Council, from a member of the Melbourne Trades' Hall:— “North Melbourne, 30 1 11 ] 91. —D’ar Sir, —I write to request you ns a favor to get the following particulars from the president or secretary of the Ballarat Woollen Mills Operatives:—Could they supply, if required, a roll nr two of worsted cloth for a few unionists who desire to use only colonial made goods ? I am sorry to have to put them to this trouble, but the reason must be obvious to you, as we are given cheap, shoddy, imported material, palmed off as the genuine colonial manufactured article, and id asking these favors ail we desire is to avoid being taken in.—l remain, yours in unity, D. R. Wylie.” One of the moat solemn and imposing ceremonies in connection with the Catholic Church was performed at St. Patrick’s Cathedral, Dr Moore, Bishop of Ballarat, presiding, when the funeral obsequies of the late Father Brennan were performed by over 20 clergymen from various parts of the dio cese. Tlie cathedral was crowded. In front of the altar, which was draped in black, the remains were encased in a coffin of black mounted in silver, which was placed in a catafalque. • The effin was literally covered ' witli beautiful white wreaths and crosses . from the various Catholic institutions of I Ballarat. One very handsome and mas sive cross of white flowers bore the in soription, “From Father Brennan’s boy-;” another handsome one was sent from Mary borough. ’-The boys of the Holy Ghost Col lege occupied tha'stiats immediately behind the clergy. The Oliristian-Brothers'and the pupils from the Slaters of Nazareth school occupied the side aisles of- the church. The service was inaugurated by the chanting of the lauds and matins. The fallowing clergy men took part in the ceremony:—Dr Moore, presiding; master of ceremonies. Rev. - Father St-phens; chanters, Rev. Fathers Schmidt and Lavadoux. The responses were sung by —Very Rev; MonsignenrHoyne, Dr Delaney, Dr Graber, P.P.; Very Rev. Father V‘‘ n gl lnM (Superior General of the’ Redemptorist Fathers), Rev. Father O'Farrell (Prior), Rev. and Hon. Father Plunkett, Rev. Father Croagh (President Holy .Ghost Col lege) and a number of other clergymen. After the lands and matins were chanted a solemn requiem mass was celebrated. Rev. Father Croagh acted as deacon, with Fathers Semire and Toohy as sub-deacons. The bishop occupied the throne, and was at tended by Monaiguor Hoyne and Dr De laney. The choir sang the “Benedictus ” and the “ Dies Irae,” and the bishop per formed the “. Absolute.” The funeral cor tege started from St. Patrick’s Cathedral about noon, headed by the pupils attending the Christian Brothers’ School, followed by the boys of the Holy Ghost College and the bishop’s carriage, the hearse, and private vehicles. Six mourning coaches, containing the clergy, followed the .hearse. At the grave Dr Moore performed the last rites, when the priests again sang the “ Benedio tns.” Messrs M. Newton, J. Noonan, J. Rtordan, L. Phelan, Ryan, and Cummins ..actednsooffiii-b?arera;and Messrs J. Coghlan, K.S.G.; D. Brophy, K.S.C.; J. J Fitzgerald, J.P.; VV. White, J. Graber, and Dr Mul lally as pall-bearers. Mr S. Wellington conducted the mortuary arrangements effi ciently. . . Messrs Permowan, Little, Thompson, Ser jeant, and Edwards, J’s.P., attended at the City. Police. Court yesterday, and dealt with five inebriate?', two of whom were each mulcted in a penalty of £l, two were fined and the fifth was discharged. The yonng man William Connell, who had been arrested on Saturday night, on a charge of having broken a pane of glass at the Pro vincial hotel, was discharged, as the prose cutor did not appear. At the matriculation examination yester day candidates were examined in physics and chemistry. To- day the examination will conclude, when the subjects of physi ology and botany will be taken. The anniversary 6' the Sunday school in connection witrj'.ilm' V'l lsh Church, Arm strong street, % rfartHer celebrated last night by a tea m :eting and concert. The tea!was excellently catered for by Mr Kline, and was largely attended. The tables were presided over by Misses Davies (3), David (2), Evans (2), Elias, Morris, Ford, Owen,* M’Cathy, Jones, and Thomas. At the concert Mr Thaos. Williams presided and delivered an excellent and practical address on Sunday school work. Solos were excellently rendered by Misses Davies, Williams, and Edinned*; and recitations by Misses Richards and Davies, and Mr Thomas Stewart. The Sunday school pupils, under the ; leader-hip of Mr T. Thomas, sang several hymns .very tastefully. Miss Kate Evans presiding creditably at the organ. A collection was taken up, and was well responded to. The singing of the “ Dox ology *' closed a most successful meeting. A young man named Denis Desmond was arrested yesterday afternoon in Bridge street by Constable M’Conville, for using obscene language to MrT. Michaels, licensee of the Earl of Zetland hotel, Bridge street. A ballot was taken in the various mines throughout the Ballarat distaict, and at the Trades’ Hall, daring last week, to determine j whether the next anniversary of the Ballarat branch of the A.M.A. ehoiild be celebrated locally or by excursion. There are 1500 members ou the roll, 1449 of whom recorded their votes. The result was as follows: Local,: 683; excursion, 766; majority for latter, 83. , Messrs S. J. Robius and J. Ramsay acted as scrutineers, while Mr T. Lawn, the energetic secretary, car ied out the general, arrangements with his usual accuracy and promptness. A meeting of the committee will be held shortly to fix’ the date of the anniversary, and to decide where it shall be held. The ground for the intended A.N.A. hall in Camp street will probably be marked off to-day, when a start will be made wilh the building without delay. It is to be com pleted by the end of February. The Operative Bakers held their fort nightly meeting at the Trades’ Hall on Satur day evening. There was a good attendance, Mr A. Smith, vice-president, in the chair. Correspondence from secretary Federal Com mittee was received.—Consideration poit poned for a fortnight. The secretary was instructed to write to several members who had not attended lately; also' to one or two employers in reference to rules. Nomina tions for tho various offices in the society will be taken next meeting, which will be adver tised in the daily papers, when all memb'-rs are requested to attend. It was reported to the meeting that some of the non-union em ployers had been passing off to the public as union bakers. The a ciety desires to inform the public that the union employers are ad vertised in the daily papers, and the non union in hand-bills, and hope they- will assist the society in their cause. Mr W. Scott, J.P., left by the express last night for Adelaide, where lie intends to remain a few weeks-in order to recruit his health. The Town bench was occupied yes terday morning by Messrs Long, Fitz gerald, and Gleiiny; J’a.P. Robert Macin tosh, charged with drunkenness and resisting Constable Dunn in the execu tion of his duty; was fined or for the first offence and 20s for the latter. Samuel M‘lvor,.plumber, of Bridge street, proceeded against a young niamed Thomas Richards for leaving his hired employ without notice. The complainant stated that Richards had left his employment at a busy time and placed him in a somewhat awkward posi tion. The chairman of the bench said that the defendant had rendered himself liable to imprisonment for-tliree months under the Masters and Servnnts’'Aot, but in considera tion of his youth they would‘fine him 20s, in default distress; and order him to pay 27s to his employer. George Richards was fined 3s, with 2s fid costs, for allowing cattle to wander in Victoria street. Seven persons were dealt with on charges of drunkenness,’ and several debt Cases were disposed of. Mr VV. Hard-field, president of the Trades and Labor Council, has received an invitation to address a -mass meeting under the auspices of the Progressive Political L-ague at Allendale, oa a date yet to be fixed. The following amended description of the ruffian who assaulted Mrs Marundez at Mount Pettayel on Saturday morning has been furnished to tho police, and it is hoped may lead to his capture:—The assailant was 6 feet high, about 45 years of age, very long dark heard lighter at the edges, and cirried a blue blanket parcel under his arm."" ■ The Ballarat East corps of the Salvation Army conducted special services on Sunday last, at the Barracks in the morning, and atr the Alfred Hall in the afternnnn ami evening. Tho services were led by Majors Ro'f-i and Horskins assisted by the staff. Collections were taken up on behalf of the Ballarat District Hospital. The amount realised was £7- The Soldier’s Hill and Windermere contingents also made appeals for the in stitution named, but their offertories have not yet come to baud. A young man named Samuel Pinimck, re siding in flumffray street, was treated at the Hospital yesterday for an incised wound on the back of the right hand, caused by being caught between some cog-wheels of a reaper and binder machine. There was a good attendance at St. John’s schoolroom, Soldiers Hill, lust night, when the Rev. Canon Mao Murray delivered an interesting lecture on the “ Exodus of Isiae! and Mount Sinai.” The chair was occupied by the Rev. Canon Mercer, who briefly intro duced the lecturer. The rev. gentleman dealt with the subject in a masterly manner, and at the close wos atvarded a hearty vote of thanks. The numerous exhibits that have been sent in for the Amateur Art Exhibition to he opened at the Art Gallery on Thursday next, at 8 p.m., show that great interest is being taken in the event. The exhibits are to he judged to-day by Mr C. F. Simpmn, Government Art Inspector for Victoria, and tho prizes will be awarded' on Thursday evening, followed by a programme'of 'music, &c.; Evening dress. Our Lexton correspondent reports on Monday:—“ Last night, about 9 o’clock, James Cray, who was proceeding to Lear month, when about 1J miles from L'xton was accosted by a man wearing a mask, who stepped from behind a bush ou the road side, and caught hold of the bridle-rein su4 demanded his purs-. Gray struck him with a small stick-he had in his hand and turned the) horse round. The offender then tried to catch hold of a pircel Gray had fastened on before him, but failed. Gray at once made for Lextohi 'and informed Constable bell, who immediately went in pursuit of the would-be robber, but failed to find any trace of him in the darkness. Some of the resi dents think it was someone playing a lark •The severe frost on Friday night did great -damage to early potatoes and vines.” The beautiful sacked cantata of the “ Pilgrim Fathers,” by Root, which is to be produced by a large combined choir at the Bible Christian Church, Skipton street, next Friday evening, is one wherein a pathetic account is given if 'the journey of the Puritans in the little Mayflower. The piece abounds with solos, , duets, Indian trios,, sailors’ quartette, quintette,' and choruses. The services of some of our lending local talent lias been secured, including a splendid orchestra, wh : ch, with Mr. Lloyd ns con ductor, and Mr S >go as organist, will afford a treat to all lovers of good music. Mr R. M,’ Serjeant.-tTP., has kindly consented to preside. The mortal remains of the late Mr Joseph Smith were yesterday interred in the Bal larat New Cemetery. The funeral was conducted very quietly, being attended only by a few intimate friends, chiffly from Egerton. The Rev. Father Rogers offici ated at the grave, in a very impressive manner. The coffin-bearers were Messrs Considin", Heaiy, Wallace, and Richards. The mortuary arrangements were satis factorily carried out by Mr S. Wellington. A fire occurred between I and 2 o'clock, on Saturday morning last on the farm of Mr E. Pertrson, of Mount Doran. Mr Pearson’s fowl-house was visited, and a number of his beat fowls were carried off, and it is thought that the robb-rs caused the confl igration by dropping a lighted match on some inflam mable material. The barn was destroyed, and, as there was no insurance, Mr Pearson is a loser to the extent of about £l5O. Messrs Casey Brothers had a fine displ ,y of marble statuary and ornaments at their auction rooms, in Armstrong street, last night. The ornaments are all works of art,, and were greatly admired. The statuary includes representations of Diana, Venus, Venetian yachting girl, and Creek slave musicians, while amongst the ornaments are urns, figures of animals, &o.; The articles will he offered for sale at auction tu-day, commencing at noun. The South street Debating Society held a most successful meeting on Friday evening, when a debate tournament took place with the “Lower House,” the subject being “ Monarchy v Republicanism.” There was a very large attendance of members and visitors present, and the most prominent de baters from both institutions took part, and the subject was well handled by the various speakers, whioh indicated careful prepara tion. Doctor Salmon is the honorary medical officer, and Doctor Guthiel honorary oculist at the Ballarat District Orphan Asylum, during December. There are 84 boys, and 63 girls in the institution, all well;. Our Loarmontli correspondent writes.— “ The gentlemen who were appointed by the Ballarat A. and P. S-ciety to inspect the crops with a view to selecting one for the forthcoming field trial of reapers and binders, decided yesterday (Monday) to re commend that of Mr A. Kerr, Addington, ns the.mosb suitable. The crop is whenten, and situated within a quarter of a mile of the Addington Railway station.” Our Allendale correspondent writes : “ The shire valuer and collector, Mr John Sloan, received a sum of £B3B, as payment of rates, at the Smeaton Show, held last Thursday and Friday.” Influenza is still claiming its victims amongst the Chinese in the district. Another Chinaman died at Diylesford yesterday from this ailment. The Standard learns that a board of con ciliation, consisting of leading politicians, is interviewing the directors of the Moonta mines, with a view of discovering some means of bringing about a settlement of the strike. The directors stoutly defend their position. The latest intelligence from Moonta is that the men are short of funds. The hay harvest in this district (says the Avoca Free Press) is now in full fling.' Most reports respecting the crop agree that the yield will be light. In the northern part of the colony the reaping machine is at work, and prospects of a bountiful harvest predo minate, while the starting price for new grain must be regarded as highly satisfae tory. 