RqURQTJTEPAS; A ' . - ' ' CHAPTERX . f " t.ri Bu4r m&dame;, I o.uoundfiratand yoa!" V R te a zuystrir wori toadeqaately described the.V.vitaslion- .''Jo 101 to.My— I hardly knoww bather to tyo you jprwnnlj-?Hic you nmm IJUMI having & conveiialiori. with.— a hone V' "ISat ib to say, with my,,hn.kngi\— imth' y6u Bai< tbathe WBBdfflldr3' = "B'k'votmt 'Did >1 -not er<lum did? - X vriH took- youThs ledviponi dbid we lMd . Jam , -out:-' Difl I not shed -upon tw cdrpBe'Str tean P V. hat would youhavei' '- r:- 1 - " Then how abtrat the oonvtiBttkinf ' " It ii" mitempajchoaB.' . : .' Mr. fleirtiBf onzito beamssei.' ' ' ; : \- "HBtamptniiotiB?" J » v.f IJOL. "Tt'is ii tfeeory of which I' know hot fiRto Xa ut an article ol' faith Vrith' Which 'Monlienr tot acquainted?" " " - 7 ' ; j j ' ' Not much— pfeivoiillly."" - ' i. , "I?. I am Catholic. Etliertf % >ngX knovrnot what! Thssk mm! ' Meter llaQI' -forget my fetlingu vrtjenrhfltft enggfeted Beoiding for a priest —life Bald 1 that It was not -worth while to trouble thB goodfnan, for wsS bo dfod'liiB soul would pass into borto- ' ' ? r «Aliiirte?" . --- > - l . -« f". A horse! He even named tbtfhtotet it to incredible ' ' ' '"s -.v.- Sr. netduur thought it was ' vlfnoet. : . - V ' "MonejenrmuBtknovrthettttytMBMld. ,be is deed! wbatdoCTit niztter?Wee,net'|o|ne% "good husband. I did my best %>TUteliknb, . a sauseof whafw«s rightjdf whJtritoropmL' Bqtlsfteralli uie'littleth&t; w to It 'not ao? Hehsd'hie little mn mine. Faff! before T' kntw'ttWlnMi Do not est me' how. ' He ' "wotiM-torto rnst mine with it. I mid no. He 'wis horseman. used to keep horaes to runnk races and to aril— tii&t; was ;ms busiaees p the t hotel-was mine— andaud onsbng them was the t famous Pourqurapaa— all the world has' heard of Poiaqucripas. . . ' All the world might havo done. Mr. Fletchei; , had not. Hehadkaidso. - . Monsieur has not -heard of Pouquotoas! Ttis extraordmary ! He is the greatest trot-' ting horse In the world. £tis UUtolkndWbf three things ; butTd6 know that Pburqubas is indeed a marveL He was my horse, u in deed, vriten 'yoh have tiie truth," <weie ell the oihers. Judge, then, of my surmise wteon as-£ told monsieur,'! said to Earnest, 4€haIlTaend tor the priest ? he reptied, Of wbiathseF Wheal die mysoul Will pore into Posrqnoss .Vrhat nonsense areyou talkugf' X'demazraed. 1 Agnes,' he raid. syou have often accused me of having fio religion I have a religion, ol believe m ' the doctrine of 1 metempsychrsia. 'What horror te tiiatf I cried. It a the doctrine of trrizsafigrrtiOB of'soule, iismnq, about to die. Xheheve thst when T axn ceaa my soul will pareinto the body of pgurquripaa. Ttis as Isay. Tbo who live lezigeet wilseb most. looked at' me with hie feterey eyeri Eeimael over cs his side. Before -I ImewH he was dead. Those were nice last waxils for a wife to hear ftom a husband ns he was euteriag tim stave. » » ,- said nothing to any one I was; too much ashamed. The day before yesterday he was buriedi ' Yesterday morning 1 entered tha table to see that all waswelL1 1 was looking at Pourqnoipse. I waa wondering what . I rimnld dowith him. Heisrttterad'darhalf ja! -dozen rates and whatde X know ofracingf— suddenly Ponrqnoipu tuzned and'lookeff at mar 1 Agnes,1 he said, good day;'- Monftsr,' it ifafi ihy kosbend'e voiae, I fell to4 the ground: They found me in a fit. They carried metothehodse. Oh,monDieu !" ' TbsTady tot her- eysBf "Aiiparentte-flhe wept.- \- Don't you think it poaahle," suggeated Mr. Fletcher, mildly,' " fist1 yea wen the Tietim'of sdMaaan ?" \- " Fnnwhlp. Whan I returned to'consciaus- neflB I- eaid' to myReif L-Ati save ! r aci ho foSW? The vnored'ttouijUt.' of at thoinora I said towiyBrtf it was"k<txfabmy fancy playfed' me."- East night wheu l wuiil to-bad this'idea vra8 rtamfy piuk- utedto'my miiidl'! " 'Wmui'feuiBr pauBad." '6he rtanoad around ttb'isaiaf- rijii what m> veryiikS s glance o£ upptdienfimj ' 14 MonB$gdK4art,rm!itX'ha2!.iio dbobt npon the matter. Tfua mSming-1- found pinned .to my pillow . yiteoe lot paper, m-toick were writimtiiewMdi1: thosiutde. They But _in "tof taahBari'r handwriting: ' I have BVunuudiaia'mkuGh.laeemedVcs remaikuhie for Hue yaiiety iof iiu donteits" bb' any (dmolboy's ' eoald paeBifaiy have been. Finally, ahe produced a scmp ef paper: This '«3ib placed wpon the tahle with -ffoaneh wldch was WBentially -dramatic. . . . . , . " There it ia. Monrteur may see it lor him. self. ; ' ' It was a qmrte-eheet of 'dirty note-paper, on which was wtitten, in a cramped, French hunil- Wiitins, the words, " Coineto 1he staHe." " "It IE myhuBhand'a handwritiiig; there are a hundred persons vriio can swear to it. Xsaid:k Itifl another trick. But,in spite of myaeli, I went tojheTrtsbler-tfesTceiy had I put my foot inside the door than Pourqurapas looked around to me with this remarltr Soueee, my wife, it; is as I eaid.".' " Did you have another fit ?" "Would that I had! It was not all he arid, cot br a great deal. Headviaed me to commit suidde." 11 In order to join him in the bosom at Pourquoipas?" " Not actually, but ia effect. He desired, the vagabond! that I should ruin myself . He said that I was to send all the horses end a sum of money — ah! whataeom! — to an address at Morlaix. I was to ask no questions aa to their destination 1 was to aak no questions aa to their destination I waa to dimniss them from my.mind as though they had never been." Mr. Fletcher rose from his seat. "Ton don't mean that he said all that?" - . "It is the truth. All the horses and 10,000 franca— all to be sent to a nun at Horiaiz, . of whom I had never heard. It would be my ruin. Aa well commit euicide at once." "Thia gets interesting." ' . " He said that if I did not do it he would hannt me by day and by night. He would make me wish that I was never bom." " Seriously, madame, are yon quite sure that you were .not again the victim of your own imagination?" have no imagination ; I know not what it is. When I hdrs thing,. I hear a tiling and when' I hear mhnsband's vdiee I know ft. 'Mbnrienr may rest assured of that Beside, these is the <p&peE;>,>' There Was the paper. But BE&?FUtcher did not eec thotthere wna: nmriz to timt. . - . Xhidly enough, he had bemi routing out materials for an artick -on Breton croeratriiona, when he stumbled an this find at Ptestin. Ha had not 'been in the place dozen hooin when the landlady;, of his hotel, „ La Boole fQr,w thrust on him her' confidence. Sh$. saidhe had never had such an accusation hurled' on. him befote-tiiat -monsieir looltod f aokympthetic." - r ' 1 v ' On the riiore he found the stables; They'' wcrebmltnwitinn s rtoneV tinesr of the seal 1 Outwardly tiuyhad not .thstsppearanee oF-a- jypol -t training reribla-r-fra, jxeunngzrtahte rtwt is as . it .teirtkuown. to -A lank, Jmock-kneedipdindnal was. lounang in front o|": the. door, who' was. the 'typical T?ngKh jockey, as he is found in.fifSirafl raring estab- uriimente'iri ,efOT&gn; "pazto " TTm TWr, Fletchrr jusuistcd:- — - Got. some decent homes, I bean." \- Tb» 4t Jock.lo6TO hmiipaiid-down, 44 They've goltour kgs— mret on 'em." Vr. Fletcher knew that the speaker1 had" already read1 his imnnBt soul and waa aware that taaeguine knowledge extended no farther than the repalnl- bf 'bang 'able to draw a, Wmiiiito abOZBe llTllT)l|| flfl| ' " i our goodies.' fiotoe fbeduZ nnder-' etartfl.11 ' 1 - ' " ox; " Aboutdis good as youraandfinef-i « Mr. Flefcdiarfalt tiiat tiaiBlangcu»e,-id one m fleporiibaof ipwkaiwai eotri frea ' « i .u Gaa Iksvea pscp stflenU'! . t- Xhares no law agin it, as I kno on. The stable doorwas oppo. /.Mr. Hricher. agreed-. joctoy slouched to aftre him,. The arrangements , was primmifivg, tint th buildnig wu of obnaderahle size and some eight or nineammals were to the boxes. r-"4 Whidt isomqttoipaaP ' 1-'' v 'Tbat is ZtarqubtosK OR'lto> fteld»r nioviiig toteBEddheanunaltodireted,the jockey was moved to- folterr rioUDK:' :MiSe: is a ocae,im is!! .Pause. .5f-Hsua 'ona-instiur pause. .44lhereetotMaotzntterlihiixi, notin Europe, therftajn't. I, ought to know." Passe. "Andlaays eoi." Pausa. " That liocae cam do ' his zziue inside ol 2.1L." The qieaker glanced 'at MfXHletchar as if frafiiction.' But aa 'that gentleman" was tm- airareof theie-bimgnnjWnexemaifcaHe-m a horse - M dotog Us mile haree of ' 2.11," hie w MmhIp X Yrtytma suride of 2.10 iftefinte mfiie job" - - Agunnlook.in the natnre of a dnZlenge. Still no reply.. In disgust the- jodmvid.R£stKrjE3rtrittr was hopang he would Iiii tin lied mi Us and the' etablft.- Tin enomrd to aesaottisg snrpriatogsn- batjiia apafectrtrangerto the stnd athisluiBUje. Mr. Fletcher was content, however to ctmfine Us attention to one member of the atnd— to Pourquoipas. 4,So jouTre Pburqucapaa, are you? X don't know janoh about the geotos trotting horre«u buiif rouTii exaoqdeof the rested your" tri5e,''woufe''«Sf a tomdatene famSy. Big,' travfy, leggy JEzdte'l'Yotrioo'k to me more11 Bke a caztkoaB gone wrong than any othre kind of quadraped X?ve seen." Pourqummu looked arenhd with tdUes eyes, as tiroughhe resented there otofirvittons of too reud -w-. jresBez" j -j -"A nioecortof amaatiietate-PslBar msri have been to have'-wnhed tafirenafl - Ua .emit . tesadts thing of beauty aayuaraal£.w Thn rniitiirc iimln a ninijiiiieiit will! UTn hind togwhidi caused Mr. Fierier to nimbly rtep l4Nqw, ti»n, whose tore are yon tzytog to 'Apzetty nzreneoctof scamp your insitei niiiiillm in liniai — t- j ''Ttewrend en interval -of ndenee. Mr. Fletcher stared at the hone, and' the hone at- Xn.h.rRrwms adan,- perhaps, mutual Fagishzsgi''" Bwretiiere wQidvnokeninFreii, which herip fiirt izilarvBl .Cucnce., MrTrtefaher riagtgdbafek ineo muirh hrete as to .cozhe into mfiren end unexpected contact with, the etelde iKIIWl netedfiuit tira 'flattering addrees tirooeededfram POTirqaripfcB! For some seoemds usjjteSri'Qto nnhinl with' an astaaiehmeit ,whuh was altogeflier vmaquiyocsL ' -trn not «a"priaed that it fritenol the -wwsanl The thing was uncommonly writ dona Now, my where - ypa?". „ JSaatewreLwtaa Etetdter treated /poTOUoqwaritii very littte .oeremonyx He i drove hum ftom ride to side of his box; so 'ho corner of it was hidden. He jieaed into Tmr "manger; be touted among tiie straw; be 'Hxiked up" at the ceflmg ; be examined toe totfier boxes— 4hcre was nrthtog- them but 'hbtses. He-returned to stare at Poarquazpaa, tend'the ' more -he stuedtim mote the wonder 'grew.- t? -J - ..."Blockheads. TSie same voice, and ugain it, seemed to.pro- ceedftomBouzqumpes. . . 44 So there was someihing , i& £l. after all. I tiiViipplit the woman' was rpmandpg. YTell, fih is eomefhmg new to trevritera' teles. X wunddr, my friend, tost where jouare \- ' "While he'wanderea the voice went on : "You tiimk,?yoa Bngtish, tost yon are wise. Bah! You are a nation of fools I Go back to your land of foes ; there you will be more at home than here. I 44 Is th&e; all T". asked Mr. Fletcher, when the voice wasutQL H seemed that'll wis; All efforts on his pari to provoke a continuation of the ron'Tamfmn proved futile. His "language virus 'not'exacQy choke ::his allusions were not -entirely civil; but nothing he could say had. any upon the quadnxped, or upon toecaBtiemaa brinnd .the scenes.- who . had endow.ed tiie quadruped, pffl tern-, with thetocnlty of sprerh. , . 44 If the seance is' concluded .1 suppose Pd better go/ As he left the stable he told himself: 44 Unless X am mistaken, bur friend the jockey breafingerfn tHspie." "When ne got ioto the open air the first +>>mg ieaaw wre the cockey walking beside a horse whhh aladwosexemeingon uiesanda a good three-quaixers of a mue away Iieferon,Mr. Fletchaiaviiig returned to the ,hotelior dinner, noticed above the manfip/ws jof the t aUe-a-awiuw thepicture of a man. The portrait was in cols and in life size. . T»» was leaning over a table, staring the spectator Trr the face. It was to the, modern 'style <of French sensation-the man swmed actually alive, hut in its way it was distinctly a work of art. Mr. Fletcher asked the Breton maid .who .brought in his Amp who the original was. 41 It is the patron— the -husbuid of Jtisagoodukenees; a very gpod likeness. But, .tormejA.dojiotJike-ii. WtenwecXloak at it I think that .he is going to lap at me across the rThe idea was not inapt ; he didldokas though 'he were about to spring. "Wamrthe a littie man?" 1 " "4lJBut a dwarf. ' That is how lie War so good n rider." The faceto'the picture was 'not an evil face:1 1 It seemed to Mr. Fletcher thai iti waa' rather .the face of a fool thaa a knave. Bat about toe whole portrait there was a eurions appear- janceof life— one momentarily expected the man to..Bpring. . jP .. .Tbat night! Mr. Fletcher was aroused ftom .his. first steep by a tapp'ng at his bedroom door. At first— as we are apt to do—he won dered. what it wsb that had disturbed his rinndref. Tap, tap, tap ! As he listened there came farther tepping'at1 toe psnd of the door. He started upin ned. Who'tf there P1 - 14 Gpen,Moiiriehr, for the love of -Heaven." It waa.a wopwa'a voiee.- Ib that you, madame f" 44 Open, monsieur. X pray you, open.7' . 44 What' toe matter V Bltoptog into a pur of trousers, Mr. Fletcher went to see. Outside the door was Madame Peltier ton bostume of tiie most scanti here. \- She had a liglried candle to her hand. With out waiting for an- izmthtiori/piiehing part the thegentleman, she entered bis room Patting Iter candle on the table, , herself she placed' upon a chair. . Mr. ' Fletcher felt that +"«» briteviour ofhn 5«nrp1ftnv tionv even to the wilds or Cotes dn Norfi ! \- "May Iask; madame, what is wrong?" Now :that die had gained admittance, the lady appeared to he .In a 'state of speechless agitata rm ; it was plain that there was something wrong. 44 Ernest she gasped. 44F2znee4 I have seen hiziu" 44 Ernest!77 For a moment the name con veyed no significance to Mr. Fletchers be wildered brain. 44 You mean your husband?" 41 "My husband! I have seen his ghost !" 44 HuJghost r7 \- Mr. Fletcher was becoming conscious tbt: there might be more excitement to the country than in toe tows. . 44I have: seen his ghost ; oh, mon Bien ! I was asleep. Suddenly I woke. Some one was .leanin&over; me, having a .tight hrid upon my arm. !lt was Eniest Oh, mon Diea!'; 41 Yoti were dreaming. " ' Ui earning ! I wish I Had been dreaming. lBthatta dream?77 The lady-'p11!!6 UP the ; sleeve bf her garment. An ugtylnazee'riiowed Oh tiie-ektofof her plump, white aria:' 4 'FrnttA .wasa fittie man, but he had a wrist like steel. That is where he gripped vae. Is that a dream?" \- 41 How do you know it waa your husband 44 Bo I not know my own ? He whis- pered to my ear— oh, the horror ! 4 Yon see. my wife, itis as I said.' I was too frightened to epmir. I will hannt -yon "by day and night until yon do "my toddmgA Ubii he tyyn again about the horses and the-tao- thousand francs which I. am to send to UonM'imr Quel' . qnariioee at Mbdaix— just .as. I heard, it, every word, from PonrqaoipaR. It will be my ruin 1' 7 "While the lady sobbed, Mr. Fletcher, to his efockiiigless feet,, paced to and fro.. 1 44 It strikes me th&t; there is some plot on foot Ho deprive yon of your property. Bo you know anything of that joclmvof yours-? 7 r" 44 6am Tucker? He is a fool and' a knave. What then ? 44 Bo you think him capable of originating an elaborate ftohemeof robbery ?' ff.He is capable, of -anything; he-ia. always johhapg me. What has . that, to do with my nntoaud?" ... /'That, at present, is more than. Lean tell yon. Of course toe ghostly visitation was a trick:" :i LsShafwftickP7 " Toe laay porntea to the nrui&e; tmon her arm. "Thatis part T>f the trick. But I will talk the matter over wklryoa in the morningt«and we will see whatcanbei done.- Yon bad britter return to your room. Yon are hardly likely to receive - another "visit from that very versatile husband of yohtsYo-tngbh" 44 1-would not return to my room— not tor ten thousand horses and u million ftanra F7. Then -you ha d better goto yoiirtnaid.77 The lady went to her. maid, -fmszedsately'on ,her departure toe gentleman . turned .into bed. Bat he ooald not steep ; he tuned -and tossed ,and-. tumbled ; ...the lady's visit had banished si amber, pourquoipas, the wards ..which had falltei-br which had eeemed to iaB-r-from the creature's Hps, the' lady's sjoiy-half-a-dozen tlungs;werer jumbled togetiier in his mind. . - 'Periups' eome twenty mtoulre of Half an hour hz elaoe the lady' had gtine; He was lying 6nr1u8 left side, with' his face turned towardthe waft HSs'eyre were rioted, in the fbriowhtope that sleep would ooetpoo om nnawares. But asdm lay and na efaqp oame, muI jh«ntit!M of . pf<atw| in ribasing each other across his brain, znvearihess of «mt he opened ithem to look cat unon the worn, . . As.Jis.did jB.o_he„was eurpzisea to see that alight— a faint light— was «htmng> on toe .walL His firat iiajgwiion-was that it was later than he had imagined and "that the . first ; glimmerings of dayhght were findtogtoezrvraty into "the room. wnnathing, howevrt, . in the mlrmr-of the- light fenggested-- that tit cer- tatof was - sot daylight. And, as he -iay.invw sort of drowsy stupor, his eyes stfll 'firedroo toe-dimly fllnrninated well; he hegm te fear that that ahsuzd wommi ladietnrrad' toontxage toe pnop rieties and td seric rizriter ftomherfeara. - - 44 Confimnd her ! ' If tins imt Mmftwg like n hotel, I never knew. one yet ! Trik about travrilexs being taken in and done for !" Tins he muttered beneath his breath. Thai he tuned laaly in bed, intending, with as muchnoj-T1 - »" would permit, lb csBfiown execrations on his hostess. But se not . down execrations on his hostess becauaehlsYorires waauot there. . ; Whenhetntoed into bed he peroerred that the room was Ixghtsd, hut from what source ftiere Wre tio evidence to tobw. 'ThehgEtwaa, gofn.yk jnst bnoajgh to cost the reoxu-to jImTw- jure s&Bstrti; tox make tiztogs visflde,. &ad; yytiwt; jun "Ik was a dim. anda oetiy wmjrifiring to what n&rerarfrajndXmwns; Jpr: thaa genteri "iYrnTnTS'rb, "tt tell "upon'1 a man who was rtandhsb the jotoer ride of toe table, leaning over toe bortd. ' He could have1, swornthat he wss nnt there whenhe fixst'hari turned a seeond'ego, forhfe rfance had travelled «0 round the room to search of his landlady, and he-haid seen that it waa csnpty. Yet it was equa&y; j <»«'« that now the man was ft, . nntere, iat he- was toe victim of a hallnrinatioa. When one is awake and in .one's right mind, onedoesnot, as ageneral role, See .things which are uoa-exigbeiit, and. now he raw that man. His was a very little man, ft that was any consolation, and he was a curious-looking littie man. As he leaned across the table hia attitude conveyed an odd and slightly uncanny impres sion of his being about to spring. Three .war silence The visitor made no remark. 3Xr. Fletcher, <m his put, made none;. The was a rtraager to him, and yet— where had he seen him before ? Suddenly he remembered— in. the picture over the mantelpiece to toe satte- G-iHang+r+ He was the patron, the husband of 'madame! Either the artist mid caught, in a marvellous and prophetic manner, his attar's pore, or the sitter had caught the artist's inspiration. Mr. Fletcher saw the picture re produced before his eyes, as in the portrait— the ittte man looked as though he were going to leap at himacross the table ! 44 Monriemfr a little of tout attention." > The visitor, opened thfi ball -of conversation— the voice was toe voiee which had seemed to prpceed from Ponrquoipas. 14 You are, an Englishman. Very gcod. 1 Confine yourself to your own affairs. Return to your own country:" The visitor's manner was distinctly acid. Aa the listened, Mr. Fletcher "became very certain Tint ft man m front Of him was nAithpy a spectre of his own imagination nor a visitant ftom sh&dowland.; 44 You hear? I say, return to your own country.7' 1 Mr. Fletcher heard, and, as he heard, he ret up in bed end contemplated the speaker at lus leisure. _ J" Youre a nice young- msn, upon my word lw This form of reply appeared to take toe visitor aback. He seemed to think that he had not created a sufficient impression. 44 Yon do not know who I am?" 41 Oh, yea, I do— thanks. 77 41 YOU frhmlr T am all VP V' 44 1 don't think you are." 41 Yeiy good. Try and see." The speaker raised his hand, with a little mocking gesture. " But I warn you to take care. Above sill, I warn you not to meddle in affaire which are no concern of yoiire. Go away from here, or— you wui regret it." 11 1 assure you, honestly, that I shall not re gretit, if remaining here will afford me an opportunity of having frequent interviews with you. You are the sort of man, I should say, who improves upon acquaintance.77 44 You laugh at me? Well, .yon will not laugh long! I warn you to go away from here "before to-morrow night, or yon will be sorry." 44 Sorry ? Not at aU! You littlehrute !" As Mr. Fletcher altered this last exclami torn, springing but of bed, he bounded toward the little m>Ti behind the table. He moved With- great agility; but if he expected to take the other by surprise he failed. No sooner did hia feet touch the floor than toe mysterious light vanished, and, despite.his haste, all that he sue- ' ceeded in doing was to to violent contact ,wiih toe table. . Some strbumsh language escaped his lips, aa, "to the'pitchy darkness, he went rushing round the table. He succeeded in reaching the other side of it : he also' Succeeded, whmi he reached it, in finding nbtiung there. ' 44 Where are you, yon hound ?" ' " No voice rephed. stcoda moment listen ing. There .was not a sound. I know you- axe somewhere to the room. Only. wait until Xlayrny on. you!" Even as he spoke some one hud a hand on him, lightly, on ' his arm. And a voice— a 'well -known voice — obsreved : 44 Good -night, deah "friend— until to-mor-- row !,r Mr. Fletcher sprang round witii an agility which wm' really toarveJlouflj grasping Wildly at ihe speaks; He- graced nothing; however, but the air. - -When he realised toat. three eras nothing there tograaPs Mr. Fletdbre's language was quite unprintable. At last he lit the candle. By its glimznrehe eramined the room there was jio thing bat the room to examine. All traces of his visitor had disappeared. Nor could' he find anything which went to show the means by which that dzeajmeaape had been effected. The door was locked, so was the window. "Where has the little beggar gone? It strikes me that this is quite a model thing in hotels.. It dates from before the flood, and Til stake a pound iff 6 honeycombed with sliding doors and secret passages, like the hotels used to be in the good old-fashioned, teles of my boy hood." As he came to this conclusion he returned to the table behind whlchtbeUttle man had stood. ET7c eyes fell upon a piece of paper which wae lying in its centre. 44 What is that? I didn't notice anything there when X lit the candle.77 It was a quarter- Bheet of dirty note paper, own brother to toe scrap which madame had shown bim- It contained two words, written in toe smnpi cramped handwriting as the words, upon lire piece: 11 Until to-morrow.7' "That's odd. How came that there ? There inn be ho doubt that the thtog's well done.7 He thought so whsx, having put out toe candle and -returned into bed, onlaytoghiafiead on the billow, his cheek came into contact with another scrap iff paper. 44 What the f.-77 He sprang spt of bedaB though a serpent had stung him.;, hands which actually tremble! he. once more caused light to shine upon the scene. He bore the candle to the h»d : sure enough, there was a piece of paper on toe pillow. ! 4\Hbw the thunder did that gettose?7 As gingerly asihoagh it 'wree'eome precious —or perhaps sme dredly— thto-he picked it up betweoi his finger and hie- thumb. It was ft thirl ;of -the series, another: dirty quarter, sheet. on.it, in toe old (familiar band, was this excellent advice: f Bo not meddle with the offHi'wa of others.77 The advice was excellent ; there could be no doubt of that. But, still, Mr. Fletcher felt that ite excellence .did not sufficiently account fete ite presence on his pillow. This time whenhe returned into bedhe did not puffthe candle out. He left it'buxning. ' Sleep nas been compared to s woman, "un certain, coy, and hard to please." When wc seek for slumber, it eludes us ; when we least expect it behold, it comes." It came to Mr. Fletcher then. Hardly wafi he once more between the . sheets . before he waa sleeping softly as a child. . - CHAPTER IL - . When He Fletchre awoke— three was no it this time— It was -broad day. TTf» lav for Mmfi moments ravelins in the first joys of |ratizi& When he thought of the events .of the uirtii, he laughed aloud ; toc were eo. utterly absurd. Rnnil»nng the scraps of paper, he eat up in bed to Iwto f or ttiem. In risinghis glanfce tell upon Hs jaUow.' ' Utere, on Ihe' riidny linen, wrtffizi naif an into of whreehis toeet had just been rertin, branded aB it seemed; to blood, -, was the impress of a horse 'shoof.' \- Mc. Flettoer managed during toe eulypor- tion of toot day to avoid hie hostess. He went out- into the village. There appeared, to be only one shop in tow place, j At tne door of toe «taUifihmeni, stood a man. He was a big burly fellow to bio"" sabots. "He looked Atom. paniouaWe souL Mr. Fletcher found him what he looked— "a gtoeip." 3ft. FTettoer bnnby alludingto the nktuial' beantieB of the neigh bourhood; He then remarked that he was stay rag at 44ia Bonis the landlord of winch, he underatood, had lately died. \- 44 It was time h® did:" 14 Sato a scamp, waa he?7' .'SAs honesLa manaspyre lived.7'. . \Tr Fletcher nrito op his ears at this: . 4t Bather wpd, -pisn'tne?" . . ' . ( ' 44 There was never a quieter sdnv 44iBnt wtotfthe'exffayagazit?" """ ' T , " Ekftavgant!' For example henerer dm aseutosbendJ7?" :j j." s ' 47That, Teuppebe) was efterhe had spent all beharitospoid?41 it.f f i«- . jsf-Ts—- >- 44 After 1 i «. . \- Monrieer.Bmitoardr-4ha-asm0 was printed: on .the litUe windpw overbis.dncwoastat Aft. Fletcher a ismtmnpLative glance. , 4He Flared fti nn toe upy>yn cppacious «<Y6u tanwWuDS'hllwffAlra.rr ' Hme. Eeltler'oertwsly rta uV deistsnff he was not all a husband should ham been.' " Marie H. Bonchazd called into the shop. A feminine reproduction of fciwi.W .——in toward the front! Tv Whet sort of a hnshand waa Peltier up at -the Hotel de !a Brmle dOi ?" A mode! husband. A truernode!.,s - " As for his wif— " "Ihe lady mterpoted. ' - It is not'fbr us to say amrtiihiff ' I-washis irfas&7;it ie dar we to say the truth;- ShemurteredhRn!" J - \- "'.'Blrtcher-Ielthat Ae authorities were too conflicting. - ' t li&tol; Anda with her cruelty, She led him Iks4ifbtjfcdbg. '-She did '5bot 1« him have toough to eat; ' she would not tehhim have a sou to -callbis oim) she w< uld BOtr let . hia have bis liberty ; she used to Into him up ui a room- for days: toe beat bim." "Beat him!" 41 Never shall I forget one zught he came to me. He was reyiag— «hl like my little- baby 1 Bontoud,' he raid, 4 it is ' finished. She hg beaten me!7" 44 With, her shoe,77 explained the ladv, 11 gg though he were a HttSetoild.'7 " He was a very littie "lBn toe was a big woman ; he wae as nothing in bqr toe used to say toe woridbhowhiniesa dwarf. Ah, what he suffered! He had a piritwfeich was too large for his body. After that beat ing— monsieur, be wbs bUok sad blue ; with my own eyes t raw tiie hnnsee ! — within a week he was so more— he was dead. Tht is why I ray she murdefced hxm." "One tele fs good,4' reflected Mr. 'Fletcher, 41 until another is told. The fault does not ap pear to have been all on one side. If she beat him with her shoe — degradation 'wotr to berur- paseed — I don't wonder that iie "preferred toe boeom of Pourquoipas. 77 Corroborationof .Monsieur Bonchsrd's stcvy was obtained from asotore qu&rtre;— from the Breton maid who wafted upon tim rt the mid day meto 44 What sort of a man was the late Mbneieur Peltier P7 ' ' 44 An angri." Mr. Flettoer felt -that ttes was steosg. The moid did not look as though toe waevu.reithu- siastic damsel. 'On toe ethet 'fandj still lees did Monsieur Peltier— in his pcrtrait— look as though he were an angto 44 what was there angelic ebout him ?" 44 He was so good ; that was his - fault- he was too good. He was a littie man-suto a little man— one could have noised brm like a baby.77 Mr. Flfitchre was conscious that there might be drawbacks in bring nursed Hke a baby. 44 1'suppose, thra; that he and his Wife lived happily Together?"" Hapjnty-4 " Ah, for example ThedunEel was rihnding by his' chau. Stooping, she whispered in his ear 44 Madame hasa tongue!" Standing up, toe looked about her, poesibly to see if toe ooart was clear:- 44 And maifemn ha an arm ? -You see that ?"- She pointed to a red mark upon her toeek. " 41 She nas just done it- She may be big, but I will let her know th&t; next time toe elxpe me it shall not be lor nothing.77 It web possible that the damsel's evidence was prejudiced. Whreronehaa just been slapped- oue d >es not, necessarily, have a high opinion ox the stepper. Still, straws showwmto way toe wind is mowing. It was evident - that public opinion was not- unanimous; in reprobating Monsieur Peltier; - t Mr Fletcher- did noteee hmhoetesa until after sapper. He was quitting toe aUc-d-marujer when he heard the sound of sobbing. The sound proceeded from a little room at the foot of thestexzs. The'door of toe room was open. In it wafiAIadamfr Peltier. ' - 41 Monsienrv I entreat you, enter," Mr. Fletrber entered. 41 It ib all over. - It is done. It is finitoed." Mr. Fletcher inquired what was finished. 44 1 am ruined.- It is of no consequence to any -one — that X know very well— but it is all toe woridtoiBe." Mr. Fletchreasked— being driven upon the -paths of cross- axafmhatiott— in what way she was ruined. - i44I have juet given orders toht all: nre horses — Pourquoi piss alone is worth fire arm twenty ftnnmnd ftancs— and all toe money X have in the world-are? to he Sent to n man in of whom I have not'even heard the name." 44 You are not eerious?" 44 Bo Hook as though I were not serious, Monsieur? "What would yoh have ?" Ask Sam Tucker. He is going to takB both the money and horses. --- r - - - u If youTeally have given auto «A order, I would earaeetly advise yon to countremand it, You don't mean;' to-sey,: now yon have azropportonity terquiettoought, that -you are not yourself persuaded tort you have been toe victim of a trick?" 44 What do yon caRa trick? Was that a trick tart night? ; Bo not telline I do not know my own husband, ft you please. AH this sussing I say to myself, 4 X wul go into the stable. No, no, -no !', This afternoon I find upon my table a piece of, papers-4 Come !7 Who put it there? It is in my husband'a handwriting. I. went to the Bt&ble;, although I said to myself X would not go. I have heaxd'there ftom Pourquoipas —ah, what X have heard! Never waa I spoken ; to in such a way before. And hv a horse ! Ciel! It is a wonder Jam not dead! It is enough that I promised to send toe hcrses and the monay by Sam Tucker to a man at Morlaix, whose name even.I-do not know." 11 1.would strongly advise you to put off the fulfilment of your promise, at any rate, until tf>« ipiyrning." .. 14 It is impossible ! I am not a woman with out courage; hut I do not dare.7' She did dare. Mr. Fletcher persuaded her. The 8ocxifioe was postponed. 41 Now," the gentleman told 41 nn. lees I am greatly mistaken, to-night I shall have another visitor as the consequence of meddling with the affairs of others." His forebodings were realised; he had a visitor. - He put off retiring to the latest poa- rible moment. "When he did seek the privacy of his own apartment he still postponed the act of going to bed. 44 1 thick I remember seeing somewhere a tittle play Diamond Cut Diamond. If I am to receive a visitor. I think III receive him eittingup. X shall be able to offer him more courtesy than I should if I were in bed." He put .out -the candle, taking care to have it within easy reach. He put a box of matches in his pocket— only regretting that there was no lMifiwn handy. Taking off his boots he sat down in a chair and waited. He waited hours. Nothing broke toe. aflfflane of- the Xo church clock told of toe flight of tune. . " One mibt aim art think that someone had toldmy friend that I hada Six-shooter -in my rpo&cet;, the better to do him honour. If some thing doesn't happeneoon, I shall either have to walk about or else go to sleep in my eb&xr-; and, if it comes to that, I'd better go to bed." The night stole on. Still nothing to break toe monotony of waiting in the dark. More than ogee Mr. Fletchre had caught his chin in the 44W& falling forward on to his chest — his y&wsiroecame; prodigious 44 XA£gzns to oecurto me that at my time of life nothing and no one is worth sitting up for all night. Fm off to bed." He was aliout-tu go to bed and. for that pur pose hadaZready risen ftom his seat, when— he heard a sohnd! 41 What's that?" It might hay< been ths making of a board. R might have beaa the movement of a mouse. It might 'hive "berei ahy of toe tnff fng noises of .which we are conscious in the of the , bight. Of toe thing only he was certain — Y a "had hearda eound ! He listened, his sense of hearini? almost nnnafurallv alert. A sound again! 44 Perhaps after all ' it's nothing . but a mouse." If it was a mouse, it was a curious ones The sound became plainer. It seemed to Mr. Fletcher that it was coming nearer. "'It's someone moving. Thope to goodness it isn't that old idiot, madam.7' But it did not seem as if it proceeded from Ihertairp. Sorely. If toe came at all, toe would come that tetey; 44 It s< rikra the that ft is eom one. in the other room! For all Xtncw, there may some one sleeping titre. Hello! What's that?-77 It'waE a ray of. light— the merest pencil! It efe&med;, like artreaJtof molten metal, across toe floor. " ' 1 " . \ 4kAs'ltm a Bgtchman, it's shTnmg through thewalll" "It wha; th«c could be no doubt of it. It wmi through V crevice in the wainscottl ' 44 1 have it! I epqt it all! Now for the nextcaxdxh the game— it'll be a call for trumps. I rather, fancy too, that I "shall be able to rtromptom2e trick." The pencil of tight grew, wider. They're dlpptng a panel in the warascott— jisstbtomd flaHicad of my bed ! This' thing h" ce step Mr. Fletcher taoved towards -ffie bi. The pencil of tight was ceaad£3hbe a pawfl-t began to illuminate .the room, . - - - r+ Steady.- my friend, thai panel distinctly creaked. -You znust.ou it next time before you'play thxagame.- rln delicate operations of torn' fcifrt-4 trifles tight aa air' are api to spoil toeARV " r- - T r . Xhwzoom wasin that etete cfteca-radiance which-beil'- puzzlei Mr. Fletcher cm. toe pie uiouajught. > .... - 4 New, mv friand, ia it-aowT. ItteA Here coming 1 Trumped: Good evening, deox ftiesd, good evening !" With one hand he Lola &?me one by toe coiiar i-< his CTit Kith tho ether hs pointed a ieohvr «nto some one's faco. "Good evening, dear friend, good even- iae.11 Xt»€Q saatfd miitwrvii tor reflection. The, ccpiive -eee&ed.; momentarily pax&lyaed; the oaptur was tftkiuj? stock, lbe prisoner was a little suui- a very little man— amresly reach Bg above Mx. Letcher's waist. » After all !' 33k -wot da proceed Anna lha.liltla.Tcan in . iyqmaChmfr \n Ltt niuimmotw And w f»«p 4 As 70a soy, any frifairi, after (dirr-after all, ve meet again. Pedups you aiD permit lue to stoke js my , light 3" Yonriightwe oSifiunuBilstc <a." Tee lififi .man offered- no when his captor draw him toward the table He stood in silence Tvlule tUe candle was being lit ; anrdidhefiinte trbea Mr. ITetteer it in' iroct of hi face, the better to tee what manner of man he was. "From the look of you 1 should vsy you wcie the late Peltier sGonican brother." 4 You. hare & revolver. Shoot me. It is better so." 4 It may be better eo— a little later in the evening. At the present it seems to that it would be a pity Let me place von cn the table.. Tgflinp him iw ln« irmi. Mr FiatdttTiattd Aim on foe edge tf »» h'tri man le- winmpagriolo ft child. When, hOWBVeT, he hsd gained that post of vantage, ''What it is to have been borna little man he groaned. " The jatuuLiua is not without its coapensa- tioos, Women, miataking your age, may bestow on you their caresses as generoasly as though you were a little boy. Now, may I aak —I trust you will not deem the question an you aXS, SOQ Whftt'S TOO! littlesame'r" " Do you not kxsov me "" "Unless vouaielbeghostof the late lamented fsdtier, I sun afraid 1 don't.' 44 I am Peltier himself . "Peltier! Ernest! Whew! Mr. Fletcher whistled. "Bnt 1 thought tbat von were dead." 4 In the morning I shall hi dead." Thp h'rt?p. man spoke with an air of tragic gloom. ' Bet so far as I understand the rights of the aittcer, vou are — oryou ought to be— stone dead now. Yon are buried.1 4(Hy coffin is hnried.'' Thp litrtw anan was stilL Looking at him, wwHnp htt «tr pf mliwini ffMnn | UTr Fletcher began, .faintly, to reslus the situa tion, 4 You do not snnezstand Y ' "Not yet — exactly.1 "Aifoongh you. do notnaderstand-r-youhaxe mined me. It seems to me that that is well. It is because yoaiove my wife r' "loaraife: Well, not prassel?. 4 What is it, then? You think, no doubt you have done a brave thing, a clever thing, you. a etmnger, who cams into this country for the £rst time yesterday. Yon are mistaken. Ton see 1 am a small man. Mr wife she is as big as a hoa&e.; r-rer since the day I married her she has made my life no life at all. 1 could do nothing acaicsi her : she did with zne as she pleased. Once I ran array. I did not go far— 1 had only three francs in my pocket. Those I had to steal. Sometimes two, three thnsaadsy 6he would look to see if there was any money in my pockets. £be found me, she brought me back; she lock me up for three whole weeks in "' very room. She took away my clothes. She left me but my drawers and my slippers snri my shirt. That was very fenny, was it rictr For you : bet not for me, it?- ,»//;« Ititu ' After ail l am a man." In the Trprprfm light Mr. Fletcher saw that the tears were rolling down the speaker chests. 4Twm ashamed to complain to people of the treatment I received, .thongh I do set doubt that it was enmtgh. to all the world. I -thought once or twice of killing hst, bet it jnatna/i to me that it would be better that I HH ywttBlf This reflec- ting put into iay hmd the begxsniss ofasrheme. A lw«fr iww 4r% She — she beat "--me. She beat me &9 though I were a child — me, a of honour— with a sHpper upon her fcnee! It is incredible, imt it is none the less thetrofo, she beat ma until I cried with pain! Thai was enough. 1 arranged my scheme. I pretended to be very ilL X Anew that she was very superstitious. I told her that when I was deul my cool would piss into the fectiv of a home.11 « Pourqnoipas ?,f Tnfcn thw body ox Ponrqnainas. No soaner had I said it than I seemed to die. 4 ' How did you manage that r" MI swallowed a draught which made it seem —to her— that I was dead." But how about the doctor 'r Aren't such "things ss certificates of death known, in this part of the world 5" " Sam Tucker ssw to that." "Ithooghr our friend the jockey had a finger inthepic.'" "He hud been a «rood frjend to tw, s«m Tucker. She lost notimein-putthigme into a Coffin. y>x> -f TT>P fb-rntT, Bsxn Tucker fastened down the lid. 44 Having first, X suppose, taken cam to see . that -you were onto? It. 44 That is sc. "When the coffin had been buried we got her down into the stable. I «pnV» to her as thought, out cf xncoih ofHomquomss. 1 "And, pray, how was that edifying perform ance arranged? You spoke to me, youznust xcmsmbsr, out of the month of Hoaznuoipas.' 44 It was veir simple. There is a ceHar under neath the stable. A small grating opens into the box of Ponrquoipas. I spoke through the gnting. Yon were easily deceived." "Ycuthmk so. do you? It seems toinej any fricnJ, ths.t you're a past in decap- 44 My idea was to frighten my wife into send ing the horses— which aftpr all, are xnr own property — and a sum of money to an address in Alcriaix. Tpf I should be to start in the world afresh, freed from the of slavery. There can be no doubt she would have sent them. Ycu came upon the scene. By meddling in the affairs of others you have ruined ali. It seems that I must starve, and, after alt — 4 Hi.-t ! TVTiat6ihatr Mr, Fletcher caught Monsieur Peltier by the arm. "There's some one coming up the stairs, and 111 bet a dollar it's roar wife. Hide behind the curtains 01 the bed." There cams a tapping at the door. 41 "Who's there "Open, monsieur, open! When the door was opened Peltier stood without, in taeaiiycostutre of the night before. "Monsieur. I cannot sleep, it is no good. All iae night I think that I hear voices ' A figure advanced into the center-ofthcrouai, the figure c-i a very little man. "Ague!' The lady feinted, fihrtwi solid atone fell" with a thud upon the gnmnd. Mr. Fletcher brought her round in course o i time. 4i It was Hrcest !" "L'poa xay word," said Mr. Fletcher, 44 1 bdiiere i: was." "It is enough. Better to be turned than to die. I will tietisi iQft-mnrifty and fop horsy T1 uminar And see saz. t them ! — All It.: IV-v Jlohiid 