A LAWYER'S ADDRESS. "May it please your Lordship and gentlemen of the.jury,—The ease is as clear as ice and as sh&rp; t.o the point, as ' no ' from your sweetheart. The Se ripture saith, 'Thou sluilt not kill/ Now, if you hang my client you transgress the command as slick as grease and as plump as a goose egg in a loafer s face. Gentlemen, murder is murder, whether committed by twelve jurymen or by an humble individual like my client. Gentlemen, I do not deny the fact that my client killed a man ; but is that any reason why you should do SO '? No such thing, gentlemen. "You may bring the prisoner in guilty ; the hangman may do his duty ; but will that exonerate you 1 No stseh thing. lii that ease yon will all be murderers, Who among you is prepared for the brand of Cain to be stamped upon his brow to-day 1—who, freeman, who in this land of liberty and light ? Gontlcmen, I pledge my word, not one of you has a bowie- knife or pistol in his pocket, No, gentlemen, your pockets are odoriferous with the perfumes of cigar cases and tolmci-o. You can smoke the tobacco of rectitude in the pipe of a peaceful conscience; but hang my unfortunate client,-and the scaly alligators of remorse will gallop through the | internal principles of your animal being, i until the spinal vertebra 1 of your anatomienl construction is turned into a I railroad for the grim and gory gol.li-ns I of despair. Gentlemen, beware of com ! mitting murder ! Beware, I say, of tneddlin with t lie •eternal prerogative! Beware ! I say. Remember the fate of the man who at tempied to steady the wvk, and tremble. Gentlemen, I adjure you '•y lll( - manumitted ghost of temporal sanctity to do no murder ! I adjure you by the nam,! of woman, the uminsjriing^f t'he. tickling -timepiece of time's theoretical teansmigrat ion, to do im murder? I adjure you by the love you have for the excellent and candimental gusto of our native pumpkin to do no murder! 1 adjure you by the American Eagle that whipped the gamecock af .creation, and now sits roost in" on the magnetic telegraph of time's illustrious transmigration, to do no mnrdei'! And lastly, gentlemen, if you ever expect to wear long tailed coatsif von ever expect free dogs not to bark at you—if you ever expect to wear boots made of the free hide of the Rocky Mountain l-uflalo— and, to sum up all, if you ever expect to be anything but a set of sneaking, loafing, rascally, cut throated, braided- smnll-end of humanity, whittled down to indistinctbility. acquit my client, and save your country." The prisoner was acquitted. 