NEEDLES: "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Dull. Cloudy. Cricket. Mayor's ball. A fatal flood. Bank failures. Russian Jews. Stud sheep sale. Affairs at China. Canada scandals. Bicycling records. "Forget-Me-Not." A bridge collapses. The grain scarcity. Murchison diggings. A most successful ball. Vessel burnt at Noumea. Chinese army disaffected. "Robbery Under Arms." Good houses at the theatre. Destructive fire in Florida. The wreck of the Wallarah. Arrest of Italian anarchists. The Anglo-Australian Bank. The Moonta mines difficulty. Bicycling mile record broken. The Dampiers have caught on. Austrian military manœuvres. Husband poisoning in Hungary. Two thousand guests at the ball. The Maginnis "push" answered. Two South Sea Islanders suffocated. The Achurch-Charrington Company. Sir Charles Dilke on Australian wines. Mr. Caldwell advertising the fasting man. Another popular concert on Saturday night. The Teutonic has beaten the Atlantic record. Bazaar at the Pirie-street Wesleyan Church to-day. When is that new fire brigade station to be started? English and French squadrons exchanging courtesies. Collapse of a scaffold in Germany and loss of 10 lives. The musical ghost entertainment is being extensively patronised. Felix Tanner, the fasting man, has fasted 23 days and has lost 24 lb. in weight. The autumn manœuvres of the Austrian troops are to be held in September. Wednesday's sitting of the House of Assembly was short and business-like. The Cremation Bill was again introduced into the Assembly by Mr. Parsons on Wednes- day. The world's production of rye is said to be 40,000,000 quarters short of the quantity re- quired. "Pedro" has brought the "Maginnis push'' into public notice. Who are the "Maginnis push," anyway? Owing to the smelters at Port Pirie having been shut down, the trade in flux has been at a standstill for some time. The decorations everywhere at the Exhibi- tion were governed by excellent taste combined with much magnificence. The Rev. W. Roby Fletcher makes his first appearance on an Adelaide platform as a lec- turer on Egypt this evening. The London Daily News states that the quotation for wheat will possibly reach 50s. a quarter at the end of the year. In the county cricket match between Middle- sex and Surrey the latter team was defeated for the second time this season. Rolf Boldrevood's dramatised novel, "Rob- bery Under Arms," is nightly pleasing large audiences at the Theatre Royal. The Supreme Court was closed at noon to-day, in consequence of the death of Mr. W. D. Scott, the master of the court. In the Legislative Council on Wednesday 22 petitions were presented protesting against the passing of the Free Education Bill. The Firearms Bill, which reduces the cost of a gun license from 10s. to 2s. 6d., was read a second time in the House yesterday. The railway revenue for the week ending August 15 showed an increase of £1,197 over the corresponding week of last year. The Achurch-Charrington Company, in- cluding Mr. Herbert Flemming, open at the Albert Hall on Saturday in "Forget-Me-Not." It is suggested from Perth that the Elder Exploration Company should be requested to travel in the direction of the Murchison gold fields. "If the Chinese authorities fail to offer re- dress for the outrages recently reported, a naval demonstration by the Powers will be in- evitable." The Narracoorte football team visited Mount Gambier, and in addition to being beaten by the Mounts had one player laid up with a dis- located jaw. Half the cottages in the village of Botzen, a town in the Austrian Tyrol, have been de- stroyed by a sudden flood, and many fatalities are reported. Mr. Cock wants to know the number of "drunks" that have been arrested and the number of offences that have been connected with intemperance. Intelligence has been received of an attack on a Chinese mission station, the minister in charge, the Rev. Mr. Grey, an Englishman, having been nearly murdered. The directors of the Moonta mines regret that it is impossible for them to accede to the request of the delegates from the miners to abolish the contract system. The Anglo-Australian Bank was outside the circle of the associated banks, so that the stoppage, even if permanent, will not affect the Adelaide banks in any way. Sir Charles Dilke suggests that the Aus- tralian "Chablis" should be rechristened "Falernian," a classical name well known in England and familiar to all readers of Horace. Mr. Hancock disposed of the sentimental argument in favor of interment as against cremation, and pointed to its insanitary effects and its horrible accompanying danger of burial alive. Weather forecast for to-day:—"Still tendency to light showers to the south- east, but weather generally fair. South-westerly winds tending shortly to north-east and north, with clearing weather." Three old women who are said to be pro- fessional husband-poisoners have been arrested in Hungary. Their services were sold to any women anxious to free themselves from matri- monial bonds. Murphy, a member of the New York Athletic Club, has broken the record in a bicycle race for one mile. The distance was accomplished in the unprecedentedly fast time of 2min. 23 3/5 sec. A special stock tram of ten trucks left the Adelaide railway-station for Melbourne be- tween 5 and 6 o'clock on Wednesday, carrying a valuable collection of stud animals for the Melbourne show. Beauty, brilliancy, and munificence were the characteristics of the grand ball which his Worship the Mayor and Mrs. Cohen provided on Wednesday night for the delectation of the citizens of Adelaide. In connection with the Dillon appeal case in Melbourne, which was heard by the committee of the V.R.C. on Wednesday, that body de- cided to send the case back to the Caulfield stewards for reconsideration. "The situation in China at present is cer- tainly alarming. According to the latest news the Pekin Government is paralysed, the army is disaffected, and revolutionary opinions are making headway in high circles." The West Indian and British Guiana Ice Company, with a capital of £150,000, is in pro- cess of formation, its sole object being the ship- ment, storage, and sale of Australian and New Zealand meat, dairy produce, and fruit. Mr. Solomon says that Way Lee in stating that he does not know of the existence of the Triad, is only following the example of his countrymen, who when they did not wish to understand anything exclaimed "No savee." A bridge at St. Marc, in the Republic of Hayti, has been swept away while crowded with natives, who were watching the effect of a flood in the river. Eighty persons were drowned and many others were rescued with difficulty. Mr. Hancock appeared as the advocate of the hunted kangaroo and moved for the appointment of a close season, quoting the value of the export trade in kangaroo skins from South Australia as £120,000 for the last two years. "We have had an opportunity of late to obtain some practical experience of the opera- tion of the Swiss system in one particular, as throughout the whole term of office of the present Government they have complacently accepted the policy from time to time suggested to them by a majority of the Assembly." "Two pamphlets have recently been, issued under the auspices of Li Hung-Chang with the titles 'The Foreigner Must Go' and 'China for the Chinese.' In these is advocated not the old policy of exclusion, but the cultivation by the Chinese of a more exact knowledge of their own interests which will enable them to dis- pense with foreign assistance." 