[?] i - rP THE 41 BLACKOOUNTBY" OF «'jUTH STAFFORDSHIRE. by . : ANXE G WYNNE BETTANY, Author of A ttot Sabces'b Two Leqaceb&," etc. CHAPTER XLTL— (Continued). « Jliur iuy pooa ineuu, saw tne foreigner. Jt is as dork as thn grave, thi country of yours. I am despair to find my way to Mr. Hackbeet's." 44 The way isu't through in«f" responded Mr. ' Itfmtder'iratelr. and im&Ptnin;? for Home refuion that-fie', recognised the voice. " What do you want with Mr. H&ckbit; r I belong to that finn." 44 Well, I am ooxne to Wolverhampton," re plied the foreigner confidentially, " to do some wmjuriug performances. They are not ele vated .people at all . they will not give up a zoom but I must paj first ; and the printer, he janst not print my bills until I do first pay Kim. 2b "this not strango ? And I am absolutely without the means to pay till I have performed. I am without watch, and many other tilings, which Monsieur the pawnbroker is in possession of, at the last place 1 am in ; and a kind gen tleman to whom I explaiued my difficulty hre told me you are agent for a money-lending Rimpler thought, "Hackbit wouldn't be too pleased to have his private address given," and wondered who could have done it. 44 ft would sot matter so much," the foseigner went on, 44 but I have an incum brance with rae, in the shape of a woman who is no longer young, and no longer pretty, who, like the cherubim in your Church prayers, continually doth cry 1 " and he waited evi- «lepUy expecting pity on this point; but Mr. Jtimpler only laughed. " I see you have never been in a like situation or you would not langh. It is -no matter for laughter, I will "That's all you know about it. Why don't yon get rid of the woman V" . £ have already done so many times, but she has a fine instinct, she. She comes again; I and so, if she were in her grave, 6he would come again, that woman." ".All right," said Rimpler ; "you go up that wsy," vaguely indicating, "and I'll follow 0671 - "If von have no objection, I will wait for von. It ' is not inviting, that road. I have been everywhere, bnt never have I seen any thing like this." "But 1 haye an -objection. You won't hurt yourself. Foreigners are always so rash." He had/picked up that word in the neighbour hood. "If you do not object," said the foreigner, "you will be so good as to lead me to a place «f safety a little further on, where I will remain while you speak with ma'era'&etie.;'' Simpler was furious. 4 4 Confound you," he «aid, 44 what do you mean ?" " Oh, I thought the ma'em'selle was waitiog for some one by that piece of building." 4( It isn't for me, at all events," said Himpler, telling & lie. "Oh, then, if it is not for you, I will tell Ton, I have spoken with her, but she is no chicken, she." Simpler was thinking, 44 How could be have found that out in the dark r" and said so. "There was nothing of shyness in her manner." said the foreigner, 44 and I did gather bom other indications " Simpler decided that Dorcas should wait it mat that night, and went on with the foreigner lo Hackbit's, where a loan was arranged. CHAPTER LXIU. — A Costly Relief. The little matter of huainc6s Monsieur Pelbois bad to transact with Mr, Hackbit was arranged actually in that gentleman's absence. Keziah had been up at her mother's all day, so Mr. Hackbit took the opportunity of lookiug over all her belongings, imagining that he might discover some preparations for flight. Bnt he disappointed. He found nothing in Keziah's orderly drawers aud boxes but the most natural and ordinary things. Incou- ttstent as it must appear, he was angry at not finding what be had sought, and a resolve came into his mind, without his being per fectly conscious of it. If people put themselves i- frnrc of mind to do a thing, they are ' "'y forcto find an opportunity, andthem- \- irM i .(-rared to act. % L.v.-Kiy v opportunity came this night. ' 1 i'c.l returned in time for supper, which bailee, ;>i toff owing to Mr. Rimpley's and £>' t ..'lit's non-appearance. Silas and r'i!lbois came in first, aud remained « t1.-? -v.. .ice some time, the foreigner going -"iay bciorc Hackbit's return. That gentle- »auclo. a greet mmse in the entrance- hall . come, ana ito uppearauoa nod Vnking Again. He came in smiling, ?it£- .r. hft always smiled when he was going :'J ' unarkably offensive. T\V, jpler," he said sarcastically, " I njoying my wife's society." ;; ,1 -i' i«'.e no reply. Kerfab bit her lip, and looked angry. f You know the stock die comes of, Himpier," he went on. 44 One of them, whose rapture knowledge is great, said something wont not gathering figs from thistles. I wish ansa thought of that when I married my wife. We re all fools till we learn. I took her for a Mat. You know what she is, Simpler Did jo Q ever Bee a man so infernally sold ?" . Keziah fixed har black eyes with wrathful intensity o& Hackbit's face. 44 What do you Mant to goad me to do ? said she. Is there anything you are anxious to be Rpsded into doing P' replied Hackbit, seating mnjself in a chair, and tipping it up on the bind /jttiih looked as if about to quit the room, urtsbe changed her mind, and satdown. She would not have done so had she known what Mould follow. 4 Have you ever heard the story about my Mife, Simpler?" went on Hackbit, insolently, tee had a situation at Leamington, and to get over the medical man in at- Mnaattoe at tho house, who was subsequently ®sea up on a charge of murder. She then MM hra traps for me# and here 1 am. Anyone pity me." J 'How dare you insult me so!" broke out Kjaah. She left the room, followed by toso- laughter. She did not appear again that Jjjgfrt A bod had been prepared forher pro- the spare room, since the night she had there on the bare bedstead. jHaekfcit went to bed rather early, for him. £3 Hr Himpler had no notion of going to T He had seen Keziah a few days ago place reset of white paper under some stonee. He it: nothing was written on it. had eat in his room silently for a loog .jrfaen he heard a creaking upon the stairs. JSSHpdy was going down; of oonrse.it was gg&h.; He woitedsome time patiently; bat her appear outride. He thought . "hhaadf, if Jib Lad gone to meet tnat fellow bj medal arrangement srfih Mean Ml,!#! — »ff fl? rnWhfrrr - - uiwortuy, they must have gone round to the back of the back of the house ; so he deter mined to go round and reconnoitre. The house was quite etill. He thought he might venture to do it. Tbe lauding window lay between the room where Keziah was now sleeping aud the night- nursery. He thought, if they were in tlie garden behind, he should hear as woll as see from thin position. It was his habit when' he went into a new housoto try all the lodes and all the windows, to learn if they bad 'any peculiar! tyqf opeuing and shutting. This he always managed to do in .a natural manner. Consequently, he had ascertained that the landing window would open without a sound, though his own would not. So he very quietly raised the window, and put his head out. He could see nothing, it was so dark. But then, he argued, 44 If I can see nothing, the same darkness renders me invisible to others, which is also something." Yes, there was some one moving below, and the sound of low voices. 44 1 am afraid to stay in the same house with him," he heard Keziah say. 44 Yet if I freed myself, aud wont away from hiin, then he and all the world would say it was to go to you, which I would never do, except as now." A low- voice answered, 41 Is ray reputation worth more to me than you are, Kizzy' V You must come to me, if you have so much reason to fear. And why not ? ' These laws ore men's laws, and not God's. , You are mine by right. What does it matter what people say ? You would go away, far- from the reach" of ' their voices. It could not matter to you then.' ' 41 If no one knew, I should know," was Keziah's reply. 44 No, I will never do that. If I leave my husband's roof, you must promise me faithfully you wfll never see me or speak to me again.". . hewasso earnest thai -she could not but promise. But he felt in his ho&rt; lie had promised morethan he could perform. In the battles of the soul it is a question nf -toe right of the strongest: and love for Keziah,. and desire to possess her, were stronger tills time with poor Elwortby than afiy man-made laws. Sfiaa, who faad heard every word of this, felt he had beenhaving a '.very good time; and as they ceosedtalking, and appeared to separate, he slowly bqgui to put down the window. But something happened tliat made him stop .suddenly intho operation . Something appeared to By Mbin 'and was pouring 40 wn -upotr htm; -Heitoken so much unawares that he could J1®' J eP crying out, whereupon he was seized by tne throat and hair, and shaken about as if hu hAabeen a pillow: after which he was flung npon the landing, and received the contents of a bucket, which nearly chocked him. He could do nothing but utter inarticulate sounds. Nor did the experience terminate as yet. Suddenly he felthimsclt being dragged, in the darkness, along the lauding into his own room. Then a voice for the first time accosted him. It was Wilson's. "Take that for a lesson, you sneak ing eawdropper," she said ; 44 aud Tell auybody about it if tou wisbto"-this in a tone that showed Silas plainly she was acute enough to know he would say nothing about it. He dragged himself up from the floor after a moment or two, and struck a match. His door.1 was shut. He heard a wiping of something going on outside, und concluded that Wilson was wiping up the spilt water. He lit his candle, aon remembered savagely that bo had been unable to utter a word or do anything, and wished he had thetime over again. Mr. Rimplcr slowly- and with some cf Ms ordinary manner advanced towards the glass, and looked at himself, wbieh he continued to do for some minutes His face had assumed its normal brick-wall expression. At length he began:— 14 item No. 1. cravat missing: item No. 2, black mirk on left eye ; item No. 3, portions of hair missing ; item No. 4, shirt front torn out— as near us possible," he added ; "item No. 5, large lump on back of head, can't see it, can feel enough to make up for that ; item No. 0, a dreadful feeling along the vertebra, from top to bottom, indescribable, can't see that either ; item No, 7, a large piece of cuticle missing under black eve, wfll necessitate a piece of plaister ; item No. 8," ho said, as he began to take off his clothes, " every one of my things as wet as if I'd been swimming in them ; item No. 9, can feel another lump coming out over the left eye; item No. 10, an infernal headache. All this to be put on paper," Mr. Rimpler wrapped himself in a blanket, and wrote down bis list of items in bis pocket- book, to be remembered against Wilson for ever, and while he wrote, Wilson had cleared away all the mess, and was anxiously waiting for Keziah to come in. And now that her exertions were over, and that she had had the pleasure she had longed for, of giving it to 44 that Rimpler." a feeling of depression came ever her. She nad beard Keziah's voice below. 44 Then it is true," sbe thought, after all. 44 What a pity !" and she waited and watched for Keziah's coming in. But Keziah was at that moment being persuaded never to come in any more, and sbe was wavering. But she and Rupert had heard the cry. though tbey had not recognised the voice ; and they thought they had been discovered, Keziah hod clung desperately to Rupert's arm and he held her firmly. 44 Come away, Kizzy, my dear love, while there is yet time. If you go he will murder you, now'he has discovered. Why should you throw yourself into the jaws of death at ran dom, and ruin my life too, for such a villain as be is 'i What could the world say against you V They know what he is. Kizzy," he pleaded, 44 you are so brave, and have dared so much. Come, dare the world's opinion, and go with me. I have pleuty of money. I could get a practice abroad, easily. Think, let love decide, to whom do yon owe allegiance ? To that man, who ha6 done nothing to earn it ; or to ine, who am ready to do everything for your sake ? You trusted yourself to him : can you not trust yourself to me r Think. Kizzy. all you have made me suffer. Can you imagine what my feelings must have been, to come out of prison to find the one who should have been true to me, though all else bad failed— to find you be longing to another? Do you not owe me any thing, Kizzy, for loving you so after all this \ Bnt yon must decide now, this very moiaeut. Someone will be here. You mus-t decide between him and me." And not waiting for a reply, he led her with his strong arm about her, down the g&rdeo; path and out at the gate. She had been scaroely conscious of anything but the strength of what he said, till now that ahe was moving away. She stopped with a new strength, and loosed his arm from about her. 44 No," sbe said, " I can but die. I will go back. Iio will think all this evil against me. He shall never have reason. Since I have lost you, my self - respect is the only thing left to tue ; and wonld yon, who say you love me, rob me of that?" He did not offer to take hold of her again. A streak of light was beginning to be visible in the east, and tbe objects in the garden began to be defined. 44 Ob !" she said, with a shudder, 44 it is growing daylight ; another raomeut and it would be too late for me to go back." And even while she spoke she fled away, and entered tbe house. As she went she heard a great sob follow, and it wrung her he&rt.; She hesitated one moment. 4a Is he worth this sacrifice," she said to herself, "of i>oth.cur lives ? But even while she thought, a voice withiniber bade Iibt go book. She en tered tbe house. A tall figure intercepted her path It, was Wilson. 4 Oh, Miss Kizzy," she said, calling her .by the old familiar name in a heart-broken kind of way, 44 1 wouldn't have believed it of you, I wouldn't." Keziah, in her old impetuous manner, flung her arms about Wilson, and cried upon her ehonlder. Do not judge me so harshly," she said. 44 You would not if you knew all!" Wilson was anrelenting though crying ; toe was angry witfi Keziah, and as yet had no com prehension of the case. 44 1 know appearances are against me, and I cannot make you believe in me. But I Lave done nothing so very wrong." 44 Ob, don't make light of it, miss. It can not be right, whichever way you put it." 44 1 know I ought not to have met him. I never shall meet him again." 14 It's too late to mend matters now," said Wilson. 44 I'm not the only one as has seen you to-night, and has heard all." 44 Do you mean my husband P" asked Keziah, faintly. 44 No," said'Wil&on;, bitterlv. 44 You might know who it is— that Rimpler. And he will tell everything, and it will be just as bod." <( Oh. Wilson, there's no pity for me in your tone. Do I not deserve some pity r" 44 You've been drove to it. I know. But that never counts for much. The only thing as counts is that yoo've done it. And oh, that I should have lived to see this day !" 44 Shall I go and tell my husband all about it before Mr. Rimpler oan go to him ?" sAid Keziah, inatoue that might be used in a for lorn hope. Wilson hesitated. 44 No." at last she re plied, 44 1 think not, miss. His angermight be so that he wouldn't know what he did to you, if he heard it from yon." And Keziah felt that a stronghold of her integrity bad died ; for toe could not say to her husband, 44 He never tried to persuade me to leave you." Some women mieht navo said it# even if uutrue ; but Keziah could not. She feared this must come out with the rest. She would not tell part of the truth, but the whole truth, if. toe must opeak. And even if she did not speak, her husband would come to her, and she would have to answer Mm. While they talked, thegyey streak in the toy hnd grown larger. Wilson started, Sbe noticed! ahe could see Keziah now— the outline of her figure. 44 The servants will be coining down," ' she said; 44 go to your room. It is a wonder they are not down before, but I have been so staggered, I bad not thought of it," Keziah flea up the staircase like a creature afraid of too light, and Wilson went to Leonard, who was waking. It was soon breakfast time. Keziah' had dressed herself nicely# why# alia could hardly have told, for Bhe felt she war going to hear, her sentence. To her great aurprike# on going to the break - fast-room, for it was not Keziah to absent her self# Mr. Himpler was there before her, and appeared calm# as if nothing bad happened He hsd a black eye, and a plaster under it, which Keziah did not remember to have seen before, and which Mr. Rimpler blunderingly proceeded to apologise for, saying be had tumbled over something in hie room in the dark ; he did not attempt to say what, Keriah felt he was - falling her a lie, and instinctively the idea cqrae into her that. he had had a tussle with Wilson# and toe smiled. Strange that human beinge ate eo con stituted tiiat, m the moments when they are saddest and most sore pressed, too captive wind releases i'eelf from bceUga in spite of fiUhqn- trol, ohd catches eogkily at an opportomtvtor mirth. So Keziah smiled in the deploy her : trouble. A few minutes later Mr. Hackbit came down. He was ranch as usual, rude aud inattentive# and aggravating. But, beyond this, nothing occurred. Was toe atorm about to blow over, or was its breaking only deferred? Coula Wilson have been mistaken about Ritnpler's having found her out ? These questions puzzled Keziah extremely, and toe could uot help thinking about them in spite of herself. After breakfast she noticed that Mr. Rimplor made no attempt to have private communica tion with her husband, ana she remarket! this to Wilson aud said that he might not know# or, if he did# he might not be going to tell. 44 Have yon ever seen a cat with a mouse# nnssV" was the answer. 44 She lets it run. about, and think Itself free, because she can put her foot on it when shelikee." 41 Well," said Keziah, wearily. 41 Only if it is to come, I wish it would come quickly," CHAPTER -2EI,IV, — J-srru T, JxEVISTTS JCTJfLEY. That morning, when it was nearly atnuer- timeatthe house of Itimmon, (Tubal and his uncle David were coming across the Old Park from the station of Jumley. 44 What a heathenish place this is!" Tubal remarked to his uncle, looking scornfully around at the wretched tumble-down buildings, the literally black road, and tbe great mounds of cinders, and omiuous-looking holes. 44 Really, I had no idea it was half so 'bad as this." 44 Ah, Tubal," said hie uncle, " we never can judge a place till we've another to compare it with. When I was a little lad, and u&ed; to carry your grandfathers dinner in a basin tied up in a handkerchief, I should have been ready to slay anyone as had said Jumley wasn't the finest place in tbe world. No, not that," said |!tovid, blushing slightly. 14 1 was always moifi - like running away than slaying auybody. But tbcae mine," he weuton, pointing with his walking stick, 44 weren't worked out then# Jubai, that is. nil of 'em weren't. And Joshua, your lather, Dorcas, and I, and the dear baby that died, we used to play of a night, at hop scotch with a piece of coal, in this very place, aud we used to run over the pit-banks until it got dark. And you see that bouse over there, Jubal?" bo said# indicating the remains of one ; 44 many'e the time I've seen your grandfather washing what he ctllftd 4 the first coat' off, out side tuat door. There was always a bench standing there, with a tub on it, ready for him. Yonr grandmother was a very' clean woman, and sbe couldn't bear to have her place messed up, toe said, as soon as it was cleaned." 44 Well, uncle," rejoined Jubai, with a high colour in his cheeks, 44 1 mean no offence; but for our future comfort, it may be as well that I should juet Bay, that 1 am not particularly proud of having had a grandfather who workedinaooal-pit; nor am I particularly in terested in detailed accounts of his methods of performing a toilet: nor of games played by iny father and aunt Dorcas and you. And if I bring any fellows home with me, as you told me I may, I beg you will not mention this kind of thing. Of course, I mean no offence. But fellows are apt to look down on tills sort of thing. I don't mean to say my grandfather might not have been a very good man." "He was a very good man," said his uncle in a low tone. He was taking in with difiiculty what he was hearing, and he wus wounded. Jubai went on— 44 You see, however interesting thee accounts may be to members of the family, they cannot be interesting to outsiders." ""But you are not an outsider, Jubai," re plied his uncle, in the same grieved tone. 44 Still, you we," went on Jnbel, 44 1 never kuew iny'gtaudfather, which is almost equal to not belonging tp him. Aud," ho added# tak ing out a cigar, and lighting it, stthe same time being very careful not to soil his straw- coloured glove, which fitted to a nicety, and was bordered by the whitest of white cuffs, 44 1 cau't say that I know a single member of the family that anyone would like to belong to ex cept you." And Jubai glanced through his long lasbes, at bis uncle's face, to see the effect of his little compliment. He saw only the troubled look. David Rimmon did not care much for compliments, aud did not see them readily. But he did notice Jubal's cigar, and said to him— 44 Well, Jubai, if I were you, I wouldn't go into your father's house smoking, seeing he dislikes it so." 44 1 would do a good deal to please yon, uncle, but I shall notcouie hereto palaver my father. They are not to kill the fatted calf oh ray behalf, and hail the prodigal returned. And that is tbe kind of story he'd tell to all the clerks in the bank, if I humoured his wishes ever so little. If he says I'm peuitent, it shall be & direct lie , he Bhan't have a foundation of excuse for it. And see. uucle," he said, point ing with his hand in which he held his lighted cigar for a moment, 44 as you are fond of ro- miuisccuc there is the noble edifice occupied by grandmother during the latter part of her delightful sojourn iu this neighbourhood." David, slow though he was, could take the impression of a tone as quickly as anyone : and he felt that Jubai had known her as a querulous old woman, it was true ; bnt David bad known her as tbe patient, hard-working mother of the family. He could remember many a time being rocked in her arms at the cottage door, when he had fallen down, or when 6omc playfellow had been hittiug him. He did not put all this in words, bet he said with a gentle dignity which became him greatly— 44 You asked me, Jubai, not to speak about your grandfather, or our childhood. I now beg of you not to refer to your grandmother, whom you never knew— I repeat it, never knew ; for people are not themselves but someone else, when they are worn down by roauy griefs." 44 Oh, all right, uncle," said Jubai. 44 1 didn't mean to hurt you. It's all true what you Bay. I was only ; joking either." 44 Tliat was just it," said David ; 44 you were joking." They were now passing a ruined engine- house; and Jubai, nappening to glaaco down, saw lying half-bidden under a rusty wheel what appeared to be a bundle of parchment. He took it up, and put it into his pocket, 44 What's that r" asked his uncle.' 41 A bit of old parchment somebody has thrown away ' 44 But y du have never examined it. It might be some important document. I don't know how you are to kuow, if jon don't examine it." The fact is that Jubai did know what it was, and did uot wilb his uncle to know— that is, he knew to a certain extent. He had re cognised bis father's handwriting upon it ; that was enough for him. Yes ; the knife had been to the grinder's, and bad got sharpened : but it seemed to have dreams of cutting on its own account. Jubol, having a notion tbat his uncle was pondering . over what be had picked up, and witoiog to change his thoughts, remarked, 44 What an awful mesa this road makes of one's bootaund one's trousers 1" 44 You can turn your trousers up," replied his uncle, looking down at Jubel's. 44 1 turned mine up in ihestation." 41 Bat yon see," return Jubai, in a lordly fashion, 44 trouser-bottoms never sit well when they've betn turned up. It quite spoils the look." This kind of talk was beyond David's com prehension. But just as he had always thought that Joshua knew better than he did, eo now be thought that Jubai did, at least in mjst things. The stronger will has often this kind of effect on the weaker oue. A strong wind is propelling a boat on a coarse which threatens disaster ; surely tbe wind cannot be at fault. Why then trouble to alter the sails ? The boat may be blown upon the rocks and smashed to atoms, but what of tbat Y Oue must submit to the will of Providence. Jubai pulled bis coat a little down, and smoothed a wrinkle. They wore in the road where his father lived. In the houses they had to ptuti, people might be at the wiudowa— people be bad known, and who liad knoh him when he was shabby, and used to 'go about with a stoop. Boys he used to n lay marbles would probably see him. Well, if Ithej did, they should see a gentleman, a fulticnabto men of the world; Jubai thought, who wtui not mined by Ms father's disinheriting him, who " trae not coming home in sack cloth and ashes to denote his repentance, but iu as fashionable a suit ae the best Manchester tailor could make for him, and with au air and maimer befitting Buch clothes. It was no beggar pobing to his father's house to ask bread. JabM went as a prince conferring a favour by hla presence. The door was opened, Sarah, who bad no£ seen Jubai ho long, could hardly keep her joy in. .She seized him after tbe manner of the Black County people, not too gently. 44 And. oh, what a beautiful gentleman he's growea into#" toe exclaimed. 44 Bless his handsome face." It was not until she had exhausted as many epithets as toe oould think of, that toe began to notice that Jubai was not eo effusive. In fact, he was considering whether she had been cooking, and might possiblvgreaee his clothes. He said — Oh; so it's you# SaVah. How do you do ?" This without a smile, and in a very condescend ing way; and he was about to pass her# when he turned back, aud putting his head in his pocket, took out balf-a-crown. 44 Here, Sarah," tAjaaid, superiorly, 44 you lent me half -a-crown wee ; here it is, I juBt remembered it," 'oarah stared at him in blank amazement, but did not hold out her hand— the hard working, rough hand that was always so kindly and so ready to labour to the uttermost in loving offices for those she cared for. Jubai dropped the half -a-crown into her hand# taking great cue not to touch her with his glove. The touch of the cold metal seemed to make Sarah realise the truth. She flung it from her, and flung her apron over her head, and began to eob, while she gasped out— 44 No, I will never take it ; no, uot if I were starving. To think that I would ha' give all my savings for one shake of Ms hand." Jubai noshed# and drew off one of his tight- fitting gloves. Dear me#" be said# 44 if it's a shake-hands you want, I don't object to shaking bonds and be held out a hand white enoujrh to have done a lady credit, but the girl would not take it. How many have bad to suffer a like disappointment: how few are prepared for it beforehand. Our brother or our sister goes away from us for years, to come back again, so the world says. The body return, yovhops, but thn fiance self never. Wc have said gooa-bye to that person for ever. Yet those who stay at home thiuk of the aba eat doy and night during the long years, and break their hearts when but a ghost of toe lost one comes home. Jubai merely did as the world does ; only Sarah had never thought out the question. She knew that for years toe liad lightened his life when he was at home and miserable, that she had during the past week prepared all kinds of pleasant surprises for him. And now he treated her like a stranger, and did not even shake hands with her. U simple j Sarah ! with yonr good heart, you have made and hidden away in the cupboard an apple- pasty for him ; but his tastes have changed, he does not care for apple-pastv now. Je more in Ins line. You may as well Itowthe pasty in tbe cupboard where it .iE, Butnwople in the Black Country don't cry quietly. They do nothing by halves. And Sarah's cry brought Miss Dorcas ou the scene, resplendent in a green eilk. 44 Whatever's this disturbance about said that lady. But her eyes falling on her uepkew, ehewasthunderatruckby bis appearance. Could this handsome figure that might have come out of a gentleman's fashion-book be her nephew J ubal ? It seemed impossible. 14 How d'ye do, aunt?" raid Jubai, extending the tips of his fingers. 41 1 think you are too fine for such a house as this," toe remarked somewhat cuttingly. "We are not grand enough for such a fine gentle man." " Ah," said Jubai, with a mock bow. f Sarah had slipped away into the kitchen.) " It is not to enjoy myself I have come, but to see tbe nakedness of the land. You see,';' he said# hopinghis father was somewhere within hearing, 44 I've not let my Scriptorc knowledge rusL Bat really aunt, you are behind the times down here at Jumley ; green isn't iu fashion, you know, now— not in Manchester." This was a very spiteful thrust, and it went home. 44 You are very rude, indeed," rejoined Dorcas, feeling the glory die out of her green silk nevertheless. 4 £ get the fashion-plates regularly. I know what's in fashion better than you. Well. David," she said, taming abruptly towards ner brother ; and a coo) family kiss was exchanged. Bat where was Mrs. Rimmon all this time ? Will it be believed toe was within hearing, and yet did not come to speak to lier sou ? She was half-afraid. He did not seem to have received the othen well ; what would he think of her ? Jabot went Into tbe dining-room not owing his mother in toe dark passage leading into the kitchen. The table -was laid for dinner. Jubai looked at everything on the table, while his trade and his father shook hands. Mr. Itimmon was determined not to be the first to speak to his son, and Jnbal decided that he could live without shaking hands with his father ; so there was no sort of greeting betweeu them. Juba meant to speak to his father, if there were any occasion, as he would speak to any stranger ; and an occasion came. Jubai sat down on one of tbe chairs, and got up again directly, looking scornfully at it. 44 You don't mean to ray that you've not had the spring of that chair mended yet ?" he aaid to his father ; and that was all. Dinner must come in, and Mrs. Rimmon knew she could delay no longer ; so she timidly entered the room, her face nervously working, aud her tears ready to fall. Jubai kissed her. and held her from him and looked at her, and kissed her again. 44 The farce has begun, has it r" said Miss Dorcas, seeing this. 44 No," said Jubai, standing with Ills arm round bis mother's waist, 44 it has not. The farce will begin when the minister comes in to tea, and you and father act the loving family before him." When Keziah entered th 5 room, very pale, and looking paler in her black drees, which she wore for her grandmother, Juba' could hardly believe it was his sister. The short, crisp, black curls were the same as ever, but the features appeared to be chaoged ; they were more pointed — a change due to thinness. She went first and kissed her uacle David. He pressed her band encouragiugly# and was much tenderer than ever is bis manner towards her. Then Keziah went behind Jubal's chair, and, leaning over, kissed his forehead. 14 Oh, Keziah," exclaimed Jubai, starting, 44 how frightfully cold your bps are !" 44 Are tbey ?" said Ke/iab, with a wan smile; and she took ber place at the table, kissing her mother as she passed her. The door was now flung opeo# and Mr. Hackbit swaggered in, and surveyed the com pany with a leer. He gave a general nod, sat down aud placed his ntykin acrass his knees. 44 Well, brother-in-law," said Jubai, across the table, 44 your valet has neglected you this morning. Do yon know your toilet's rathei defective r" Mr. Hackbit looked severely across at J ubal, and remarked with some asperity that he would rattier vur no clothes at all than be dressed up like a doll# as Jnbal was. Dorcas was sitting next to him. 44 Yonr necktie's right noder yonr ear," she 6 aid, "and you look as if you'd been to bed in your clothes." 41 And yon," retorted Hackbit, looking critically at his annt and her get-up, 44 you look as if you'd just come out from under a glass shade, yon do." 44 Oh, don't let us have any quarrelling." pnt in David. 44 What can be the use of that ?" After dinner, Jubai announced his inten tion of taking a stroll. The mother would have liked to nave begged him to remain with her, but bow could she dictate to this son who had grown into such a gentleman ? 44 Yes, show yourselt to the inhabitants,' was Hackbit's comment. 44 You'll collect a crowd if you go out." 44 You'll collect a bigger crowd than X shall, some day," retorted Jubai. " Aud really, Backbit," he said, eying his brother- in-law with a good bit of merriment in his face, 44 1 want toligbt a cigar, and 1 believe I could do it at your nose. Have you been acting the clowu, and forgotten to wash your face ?" With this home-thrust be went oat; and Keziah helped to clear the table. Mr. Rimpler was to come to tea. He had been iovitea to dinner, bat had made an excuse. When tea-time oame he appeared. There was a marked coldness in Dorcas's msnaerof receiving Mr. Rimpler, which tbat gHntleman could well account for. He, for his part, appeared to have some fine joke on hand, and laughed to himself without any evident reason several times in succession ; and at each laugh Dorcas coloured. He was, how- ever, scrupulous in hie attention to her, and also seemed to take some interest in Jnbal, whom he had been led to suppose a very different sort of person. CHAPTER XLV.— More Bitteb Thax Sweet. When at last the evening was over, and it was time to go home, Mr. Rimpler offered to escort Miss Dorcas, which seemed natural enough > but no sooner had he made tbeproposal than Dorcas ibid, spitefully# 41 No, thank you, Mr. Rimpler, I am notoickeo# andsup not at all afraid of being in the Ola Park' myself at night." In pite of >a - Rimpler did go with her ; and they i walked along to silence for a considerable dis- -tance. At last Miss Dorcas said, snappishly, "Are you going' to speak, or not, Silas Mr. Riwpter gave a suort, and said in a tone of some bitterness, " I don't remember the oooaBion on which I asked you to call me Silas. When I begin to call you Dorcas, you'll have some excuse." Tbe unquenchable spirit of the spinster rose. 44 And if I did call you Silas, how many aliens and outcasts would be glad to have somebody to toVe tfrwo by tbe hand and ' oall them by their Christian name." ' Bat I happen to be neither an alien nor an i outcast# I tell you once for all, you must drop it." "Ob, Silt, " Mr. Rimpler stopped to the pathway. 44 If you don't drop it# I won't go another toch with you; so now yon know. And another thing I should like to refer to is your maunerof making signs at me before people." 44 And yon never take any notice when I do#' interrupted Miss Dorcas, 14 no matter how im portant it may be." 4 4 And I never will notice. I toll yon once for j all, I won't have it. Do yon think I want all the world to believe we have a secret under standing together? It was disgusting all the evening to see your eye fixed on me every time I looked your way." 44 And this after the way you left me in the Old Park last night!" said Dorcas, growing irate in her turn. They were on the same ground now. 44 I'll leave you here again if yon don't mind." 44 Then you'll leave all that I have to com municate to you." 44 1 don't care ad about your communi cation. 44 You know you do, or vou wouldn't have taken so much trouble about it all. Well, at any rate, I got tbe papers you asked me to get out of Joshua's safe." 44 Where are they?" responded Silas, now interested to a moment# and betrayed into showing it. He had not expected this. 44 Well, I waited here, till I was cold and tired, last night, and I lost them ; so there.' 44 You lost them," said Rimpler, horror- struck. 44 Yes, and I bad them safe enough, when you came first; and you'd have had them if it hadn't been for your going oil' with that foreigner. Iheard'you deny me to him, and laugh when lie said that I was uo chicken. Men are bad enough for anything." But Silas bod not been listening to her last words. He was absorbed by the thought tliat the papers were lost. At lost he drew a long breath, as if he had forgotten to breathe a few moments, and was making up for it. 41 Well," he said, 14 what a fool I have been." Dorcas was infinitely relieved to find it was not herself he was calling a fool. "I might I know that a woman was sure to make an ass of herself in bustoes6," lie added. This somewhat sjxiiled the soothing effect of the last sentence he had uttered. They had uow come to a standstill, both of them. 41 Now, I have a warning to give you," said Pflas. " It is for your own good, not mine. You must be os'sileut as the grave upon this business. Do not think of telling anything to epiteine, ever ; it would be r.o good. You've no proof cfauy kind against me, remember; aud tbe moment I hear of your doing anything, then I shall begin. And if I ever should, yoa will wish you had never been boru, mind that. And from to-night I've done with you; so don't get trying to rae roe or to speak to me. And new we are partiug, I'll say another thing to you, that I've been thinking all along ; and that is this. There's uo wickedness you'd stop at. to get your own cad?. You aon't mind whom you betray. But you can't think for the future that you've done it all to the dark. I've seen my Ehare of bad women ; bnt I never came across a worse than you# to reality." Dorcas was literallv tbuudsrstruck. She could make do reply. S'le could unt believe sbe ! was hearing right. 44 And is this true, all that you are raying?" she said at length. 44 Yes, it is true," replied Rimplcr. "Theu." said she, with a tragic air, "l6hall throw myself down one of these old miues." 44 Don't," eaid Rimpler, quietly. " It would be quite lost upon me. I should not try to g6t you out; audi should not go in mouruing for yon." And Miss Dorcas did not folfil her threat. 44 And I am really to ray good-bye to you, Silas P" said Dorcas plaintively. Am I never to hear the sound of your voice again, the voice that has grown so dear to me ?" 44 You'll hear my voice soon enough, if you .interfere with my business. And really I don't think I ever did meet with such a humbug to .mywbolo life. "BnUtell you, I qn wc through - it; don't try it on with me." 44 Then I will go home to my desolate hearth# eaid Miss Dorcas, still iu a tragical vein. "Yes, 3b,' said Himpler. . .".You'd make any hmrth desolate ; and you'd turn any para dise into a bowling wilderness." " Very well," returned Dorcas, 41 1 wfll leave you : and the day m&v; come when I can do you a bad turn, and I shall do it, never you fear. " 41 1 don't fear," was Himpler's reply, " but I knew it before you told me." Yet Dorcas did not move off. 44 I>ok here," said Rimpler; 44 if yon think by waiting you'll get me to alter my mind, you're mistaken. I shall go not a step larther with you, and yoa can go home yourself." Dorcas moved away with great bitterness in her heart. But when she was out of sight, Silas lit match after match, and searched quite fruitlessly asweknowhemust— forttaemissiiigpapers. He scarcely expected to find anything iu bis search : but lie was very angry# and it suited his humour to be searching. He was not alone, though he imagined him self to be so. Jubai hod strolled after Rimpler and his annt, on pretence of smoking, but in re ality hoping to bear what terms they were on, and to find out anything detrimental to either of them. He heard the quarrel, which amused and gratified him. He also felt sure what tbe subject was. But if he had uot been sure, bis suspicion wonld have been confirmed by the search Mr Rimpler made under his eyes. Jubai did nut wait to see how this search ended. He preferred to get away while still unobserved. When he got home— that is, to his father's house— he found ki6 mother in a violent state of agitation. 44 AYhat is the matter, mother r" he asked . \- 44 Oh, Jubai, somebody has robbed your father," 44 Do you mean broken into the bank, mother?" 44 No, the safe, here, in the house. He's neorlv frantic." 44 "Was it money ?' 44 No ; papers." 44 Well, tbey can't matter much, unless they're bank notes," said Jubai. Jubai ewaggered into the room where his father wes. "Whutisit you've lo6t';" he saitlto an in different tone. 44 Papers," cried Mr, llimmon, quite forgetful for the moment that.be aud ins son were enemies. 44 1 suppose they're iiotof much cooseqnence," said Jubai. 44 They ore of all conraqnenco," cried his father. 44 1 tell you unless icon gain possession of those papers I'm ruined — rotoeo—do you hear, Jnbal 'f— ruined." "They must be funny kinds of papers, I should think," said Jubai. "Jubai," said David# who was as white as his brother, 44 is this a time to talk like that?" 44 "When were they stolen?" Jubai asked his father. 44 To-day?" 44 Ob, no ; I've had the key in my possession all day." 44 Lock picked, I suppose, then." 44 No, the lock has uot been picked," raid the father, despairingly. 44 Then now do you account for it?" 44 Yesterday I dropped my key accidentally; it must have been used by someone," 44 Well," said Jabal with mock sympathy, 44 it isn't a pleasant thing to have lost papers that compromise you. You may never find : out where they are ; and it's liko .t'sword hang ing over your heed by a hair, isn't it, father?" Every word stabbed Mr. Rimmon. Who ' knew their weight so well as he did ? 44 Oh," he said, turning to bis brother, with a touch of very real feeling. 44 how I wish I'd stuck to my bank, David, and kept everything square." 44 1 wish thee hadst," replied David, falling into bis dialect in hie emotion. 14 Jubai," went oq his father, with aurhn real ring in his tone that Jnbal was startled# "I've not trained yoa well, heaven knows." 44 Earth knows it, too," put in Jubai. The father took no notice, but wont on in a most solemn tone. 44 But you are young, and need never come to be what I am. You've often heard me qnote Scripture, Jubai." 44 Too often," said Jubai. 44 Well, you ehall hear some more, Jubai, though it may be the last, and it's the truest in all the Bible. 4 The way of transgressors is hard.' " David was quite overcome# and bid his faoe in his hands; Jnbal felt no kindling of sym pathy. 44 Don't take any notice of him, uncle," he raid contemptuously : 44 he's only making ont." "Making out!" cried tbe elder man, in an agonised tone. 44 That is likely, that is! 1 meant to set it all right, aud to give up the other business." It was tbe first time the "other business " hod ever beat alluded to, between the brothers. "Aud now I've no chance." Half an hour later, when Joshua was Alone, he bitterly regretted navtog exposed himself in this manner, and he would have regretted it still'more had he known that the sou before whoufhe had committed himself had the miss- tog papers at that very moment to his posses sion, and gloried in it. ' Joshua had lieen a hard tyraut to Jubai when Jubai was - a boy, and now that Jubai was. independent of him he showed no disposition fo he&p;, coals of fire on his fotherV head -by returning good- for evil. Had this view of the case been pnt to J'ubal, he would probably have said, eo great was his hatred to his father, that he wooid have- pre ferred to heap cools of fire under his father's -feet and hum him to ashes. The slave makes & terrible slave-driver when hie chance comes. His muter may have known limits J he knows none. - . -So while Joshua tossed that night upon his pillow to an agony, for the. time being, of remorse# his son lay awake, too, for very joy. He had got his father in his power. CHAPTER XLVI. — Dkath BEFOBE DI<?- i hos'oub. The snow had been falling all the evening, sometimes slightly, sometimes more thickly, it was falling when the different companies went home from the house of Rimmon. When Thomas Hackbit aud Keziah had got outside the house, he aaid to her— 44 You are a very fair octrees# Keziah, but I can heat you in acting.1' Keziah turned her face towards him in stinctively# though she could not see him# uot to miss what he should say next. 44 You have kept your eyes opeo very well, considering you were up all last night. But don't you think I have, considering that 1 was up, too? Should you like to know where I was last night, Keziah ?" "No," she replied in & stifled manner. 44 Bnt I shall tell you, whether you wish to hear or not. I passed the uight in my own garden# Keziah. Keziah could not bear to have it broken to her thus. She would do it herself, and have it over the more quickly. The quiet tone in which he was speaking filled her with infinite dread. Of course he knew everything. Well, there was no help for it. 44 You may as well say it at once: you saw us, and you heard everything." 44 Yes," he echoed, 44 1 saw you, aud I heard everything." "Then, Thomas," she said, putting both of her hands ou his arm, and forcing him to stop, 44 you heard ine refuse to go. That is better than anytlting 1 could hare told you, if you heard it." This seemed to lighten her load fcr the moment. At least he had not to take her word for.it; he bad beard her himself. 14 1 know," ahe went on with great fervour, "liow wroag I have been, 1 kuow it myself# if you do not say it ; but 1 at least stopped short, and she continued, beginning to cry bitterly, 44 1 was so miserable.' Keziah bad mode a mistake in using this last I expression.' Hackbit had been in love With her in a certain way# perhaps was" so still ; aud it does not smooth a man's temper for his wife to tell him, by way of excuse, tliat she has been led into seeking the company of another man because he, forsooth, has made her miserable. It was therefore with additional bitterness that he next spoke to her. 44 Don't try tliat on with me, Keziah," he Baid, shakiug her off. 44 Nothing you cau say- will alter uiy decision." Then he had arrived at some decision. Keziah thought, her heart failing her. She did not attempt to imagine what it conld be; Ahe knew it must be the worst for her, whatever it was. 44 It is not last night alone ibat you have met that man. Keziah. 1 know all about it, and I've determined that, come what may to con sequence—mark my words, c?me what may— yru ehall never eater uiy house again." The full souse of the words conld hardly strike Keziah to a moment. Could he mean that she was to have no shelter tbat night — tbat sbe was to be sbut out of house and home, like some vile creature who deserved no better ? A 6 she made no reply, he asked her# 44 Do you uuderstaud ?" They had walked on, and were now standing before their owu house. 41 You cannot mean it," she said huskily. 44I do mean it," he eaid, "Try to enter, and I will throw you back with my own hand." 44 But you won't separate me from my baby:' sbe said, with a sob in her voice. 44 You care for the baby!" he said with a hoarte laugh. Keziah clung to him. 41 1 do# I do," sbe cried. 44 Let me have him, and I will go away without a word." — "Attd -let-Sum otarve with yon S" wneered Hackbit. 44 Bat uo, you are' not going to starve," he added ; "you will kuow where to go." She would not notice this. 44 He ehall not starve ; I wonld not let him etarve." 44 And eo you think I would let him eat that man's bread?" said Hackbit sarcastically. 44 Oh, 1 can't make you believe me, if vou won't," raid Keziah; 44 it would not be that mnn's bread; but he should not starve." 44 and in any case," went ou Hackbit, 44 do you think 1 should let my child starve ?" 44 But you would let me starve." 44 You'are different, and you know where to go." 14 Fm his mother," pleaded Keziah faintly. 44 We've talked enough," was the reply. 44 Away with ycu;" and he pushed some money into her toina, a few coins. She flung them from her, and the snow covered them. In a flash, it seemed, he was gone, and the door was shut, and the heard it barred. Excited to frenzy, she felt like ringing the bell violently, and rebelling agaiustthieeuddeti expulsion; and she stood and gazed, she could not have told how long, at the house. At list she was conscious of someone approach ing her; It was Silas Rimpler. She moved away, and he did not see lier. She hoard hi.u ring trie bell, Sbe heard the door unbolted. It wus opened, and a flood of light shot across the 6uow-corered path. Should sbe make a sudden brand# and be wiibin that light and warmth, aud beg him on ber knees to let her remain with ber baby V No, it could be of no use; nothing could be of any use now. 'Hie door was shut, and again she heard the bolts. Still she waited, till at last lights shone ont from tbe windows of her husband's and Mr. Rixnpler's bedrooms. Theu tbes lights went out, and all was dark. The snow began to fall faster. Keziah felt ahe must do something for herself now. But the only thing ihat suggested itself was to go round to the back of the house, through the garden gate, and look for the night-nursery light. Tbat was out. 44 They believe lam staying at mother's for the nigM," she thought. "They little know I am shivering out here." WhBt a grim satire it seemed. She was standing ou tbe spot where, last night, she had listened, with sa-jnuch hidden looging to her heart, to an appeaVxp.Jjaye tbe Llace. l'o- night she sgato.i£3fie .would.. She passed out,%eftth«j garden gate' again. She ' could not stay there, it was clear. Go to Iter father's she would not. No, she must walk on, as far away as she could# before morning. She would writs to her mother. But the -roads were bad, and walking was difficult. When once outside the gate, sbe'had turned and thrown some (kisses towards the window where the little Leonard was asleep. 4 At least he will not ill-treat the child," iffie thought; and that was something. She had got a little housekeeping money in her pocket. She could go on a few days tflj she should get something to do. She trudged patiently along tbe road# which grew darker. She knew where sho was going, uud kept her direction,4 it was to Wolverhampton. She: knew of a women there who kept a registry office for servants, tihe had got servants for her. She would go to her. and get a temporary lodging while she could plan what to do. The womau had always seemed kind and pleasant; aud this was the only person Keziah could think of that she would be willing to go to. It woe a loog# weary walk, and Keziah had not made much headway when she was conscious of brine followed. She stopped a moment and listened. No ono was following her. Tet as soon as she began to walk again, she heard the footsteps after her. « Some furnaces were lighting up the way ahead of her# now. Sbe must pass the glow; eo must the one who was following her. It is & horrible feeling, that of being followed in the d&rkneis;, aud only those who have experienced it cau know how horrible Along a Back Country road this is especially true. There is a grimness about the road# the boundaries of 'which are so often black mounds# or dark, stagnant waters. To be followed on such a road ie worse than to be followed on a decent high road with inoffensive hedges on either side. - Keziah felt this to the full, in ner excited con dition. It was oue horror more added to the rest. Besides, itiialmostaneoeesityforaBUrik Country person born and bred to have some trace of superstition, so called ; and it did alarm Keziah all the more that the footsteps erased when she listened to them. Sbe walked on bravely, and wugetttacnearerandnrarertothe light of the foundries. JBut then the clangicp of the iron made it almost inqiossible for Iter to hear the footsteps. Bhtfciunglo Up hope that eiie should tee who 'it. was wheu they both paesed tbe light of the foundry. Anc. now she liurself was in toe foil glare# and her ears were deafened by the noire. A thought struck her. 44 Pqteps tbe thing tint is following me may wait till t am out of sight before p&aitog;" aud she, who had often traversed the road before, kuew by experience that there were miles of dark# deserted road beyond this one light. Opposite the foundry was a tumble-down cottage, o&q; of SQonrauch, deserted and hit -to roto when thoee wbo had oeggpffd dbsm had r migrated. 6he. woulcJitoe herself a- moment in this place# and perhaps the thin?- that- who - following her would pate before hefeyek. Once inside the cottage# she placedhezBelf in , the shadow near where a -window had been, but where now not even, a frame existed, Sbe could see the road, aud she coald see the foundry. 8be moved a little farther, for so particular reason aud something sprang ujxm her with an unearthly sound. All sensation stopped witbra her for amoment, and then her heart gave a great thump that nearly shook her. She saw what had startled her, for it was crossing the road now in tbe light. It was only a homeless cat that hod sought shelter from the inclement weather. Still# the fright bad increased her nervousness greatly. She tried to keep her attention ou the dark road, with a streak of light across it But somehow her gaze was fascinated by the foundiy# where the night- workers moved hither ana thither in a terrible glow of light# being covered at times by masses of sparks, and then dragging out from betweeu immense rollers long -lengths of red-hot iron, and carrying them quickly, and without any apparent discretion, right among the crowd of other workers, and laymg them at the side of others to cool upon the ground. These silent workers, for they were not talking to each other— how could they# for that matter, amidst the hubbub of -hammers# the hissing of streams of water upon red-hot Iron# and the roaring of the forges? They seemed to Keziah's excited mind almost like demons preparing for some evil deed- ' But now,aa slm looked, sometbtogtbabucted the view. It was the figure of a man along tbe road. His lace was turned towards the forge, and he seemed puzded, and stood heri- tatiiig. At !at he walked across a black mound that separated the forge from the road, und went towards the great shed under which tbe men were working. He seemed to be speaking. One man caine out of the glare, and he held his ear towards him, and then shook hi»be id aud went back. Ke/iah fell sbe must move on now, or be de tected. For Low uid she know that the stranger, whom she believed to be the person who nad followed her# might not look next into tbe ruined cottage ? Brc no, she could not move away. Hcw.is croBsiug the road, in the direct stream of light, and his back was in the full light; his face was in shadow. -£ke put her hand against rame of the brickwork to steady herself, and it came down with a craeb. The stranger paused, and then made his way to the cottage. Que of the bricks had fallen heavily upon her foot. It was extremely naim'uL Everything seemed to be closing iu. ' Tue figure entered by the doorway, and came iuite near to her# and then, in what seemed to her on unearthly tone, spoke her name. If sue uid not cry out, tbat did not proceed from any great bnivtry on ber part : it was from inability. Who has not in a thunder storm raited" with bated breath for the next clspand flash ? and if on a lonely stretch cf moor, who has not trembled inwardly to such a storm, ae crash has succeeded crash and glare# utter darkness ? Keziah's life of the last few hours was such a storm as this# and at this moaniut her breath was bated for another crash, with possible direful consequences. Someone had said, 44 Keziah," but the voice was one she did not know. Iu what appeared ages afterwards# a hand travelled towards her, and touched her. Then the same etrange voioeraid, 44 Don't yon know me r I have come to take care of yon." Then the bolt had not descended upon her nml struck her. This was her thought at first. Bat on its heels came another thought. The bolt hsd descended, and had struck her,. She knew who was speaking to her. 44 How dare you follow mo?" she said, 44 How cau you have the cowardice? And only < last night vou promised me yoa would never rae me agvii. You have lied' to me ; yoa have lied to me !"thc raid bitterly, the tcara charing each other rapidly down "her checks in the- . , darkness. A proau was the only reply to ilus. 44 Why, do you want me to hate you, too P" - she erica. 44 If yoa loved me, you would cace for m y reputation.' ' , ' 44 Ob, Keziah,' cried her companion in heart- - broken tones, 44 to -think you ah obi d fever such words to me ! - You tmve min3enua>tAr me, quite mtaundeiutood me." 1 44 1 have undgTStoodyou periysetesjped " ; Keriah. 4 It is you . who have not >irad«£stood- me." And she tried to limp away,' ; But tthe. - pain in her foot was so' great, she was . obliged to stop herself. - . 4 ' Keziah, why won't yon believe tne? I aaid I had come to take care of you, as your father might or your brother; tiut ie my meaning." . 4 'Yes," dbe cried, pasrionatdy, ''like my < father and my brother! you have well spoken. - My father aud my brother would ruin me for ' their own ends ; so would you, or yon would never have asked mo to leave my husband's » :oof last night, and so get me turned out to night. Yetl was going away, praying for you, and forgiving von. But now yon have broken your word ana followed me, to take advantage of my misery, what can I ray to you ? If ever there was a momeut when you should have kept yourself far from mc, it is now." 44 Keziah, I would die fur yoa." 44 Theu why not do a small thing, and keep away from me?" t% Jveziah, that is a greater thing." "Then be a man and do the greater thing. I have dene wrong# too," the. Baid, weeping . afresh, l4 orI might never have come to this.' . 44 No, it was all my fault," raid Rupert, . gazing with despairing tenderness at her. 44 1 deserve what has come," raid Keziah. 44 Heaven knows, thatis not true," replied < Rupert. 44 It is I and only I, who have been ' to blame. Keziah. tell me what to do# -and yon - bhall see bow X will obey von now." - 44 Go back at once to Leamington, if, yon ' mean what you eay ; and show toe world toot » lam not with yon. That will biprovingyour love for me." 44 1 will 16 it," he answered, withn sob. 44 But you will tell me where yoa are going? ; At least you will tell me that ?" 44 No," suid Keziah, sadly; 44Xt isrightyon should not kuowxhat either." "IVhat fcarm could it be for yon to where yottare?" 44 There would be harm." \ ; j. 44 You liave some money with youP „ /. 44 Yes. I hare some money#"' '--VwvJ 44 And will you toko just a' little from ine? You may return it tome day. if you Idea." " 44 Do you not understand," broke out Keriah IX hotly, 44 that I cau have no dealings with you of any kind? Go back at opes; yoamayriven- now have been seen following me," Hetiok off a large acarf ihat was nbouthis Y' rieck. - Let me'givB you thU, .-Ybuaxe atiit ill-clad." ' . "How can jrouJ". she cried# -desjsairfoglyi "Why do vou make mylway soridiffiailt Would you have me found in poaosiimyra# scarf! Where Is joftr oommonswae "Oht'God!" rioil BupcjboaBiSdwii utterly, and sdsbmjg. . 4 Acd wtopJtoto- you so, hot to be ollp wed iodo mg for y obecanse e. corsed villaiifiMMto&beqj; oil, from me. ftncl til -treated ybu raulmpDpr upon you P 44 It can do no good to talkoltoatnbw/aid Keziah. She was about to pas8him.J3e caught her by the arm, etill shaken with aud would uot let her pass, - She; tried, to wrench herself free. , v | (TO BE CQXTOCnED. 