News of the Churches. The death is announced of the "Rev. Father "Brennan, E.A., one of the members of the order of the Holy Gho3t. His Excellency the '? Governor has unsolicitedly forwarded a subscription to the Sermon Publish ing Fund Of this journal with a kind personal note to the minister in charge. At the last confirmation service in Bathurst Cathedral, in consequence of the prevailing epi demic of influenza, there were only seven females and one male, as against 27 females and 20 males on tho previous occasion. Tho Wesleyan community have purchased a new site for their church at Junee, and the build ing, which at present is situated in an out-of-the way portion of the town, is to be removed to a spot adjacent to the public school. The authorities of the Wesleyan Church have received intelligence from their agents in New Guinea, reporting the establishment of the second central station, and the wellbeing of the European and native members of the mission party. The Wesleyan foreign missionary report has been published, and discloses many, facts of interest and calling for thankfulness. The income of the society throughout Australia has gone up from .£11,091 to ¿812,81.9 for the year 1890-91. A meeting of the Parents' Educational Union of New South Wales was convened for Thursday evening last, December 3, .in Sb. James's Parish Hall, Phillip- Btreet, Sydney, under the presidency of the Primate, to elect .ofiicerB and an executive committee. . The Primitive Methodist .Church, Greta, cele brated its anniversary on Sunday, when anniver sary sermons were preached by the Rev. Mr. Pettinger, of Newcastle, in the morning, after noon, and evening. Large congregations assem bled at each service, and the collections were very large. '. , When Dr. Stanton was ordained Bishop of Newcastle, it was generally thought that he would, select Newcastle as his future home in preference to the quiet rural little town of Mor peth. It has now been definitely decided that the new bishop shall occupy the home of his* pre decessors at Bishopscourt, Morpeth. An open letter has been addressed to the pre sident of the Wesleyan Conference, the Rev. Geo. Brown, of a personally commendatory character, and urging him to set the members of the church to work, " just as he used to do tho Samoans, &c.;" The question rather is, where are the mem bers of the church who wißh to be employed? The Presbyterian Missions to the Heathen Fund from January 1 to September 30 is pub lished in the official organ of that church for this colony, and shows that the total receipts from all sources (including Dr. Paton's) amounts to ¿61244, the disbursements for the same period having reached ¿81442, tho excess of expenditure over receipts being nearly ¿8199. A call has been sent from the Wingham and Upper Manning charge to the Presbytery in favor of the Rev. J. H. Terras, of Greta. The , Presbytery have appointed Rev. J. Lamont, of East Maitland, to read an edict in the Presby terian Church, Greta, on December 13, summoñ ,,ng the congregation to appear for their interests at a meeting of the Presbytery on December 15, at East Maitland. At the midday service at the Centenary Hall, Sydney, on Thursday of last week, the" Primate delivered an earnest address on " Using the World and Not Abusing lt." The attendance at these Monday and Thursday meetings has varied from 150 to 200. A friendly critic says "the utmost earnestness and spirituality, have charac terised the services." But ar6 there not found-in Sydney more than 200 business men to attend such meetings ? Sometime ago committees were appointed by several branches of the Methodist churches in South Australia to consider the possibility of a re-union, and an important meeting was held in Adelaide last week. ; The principal questions re fer to doctrine, polity, and trust propert^es., 31If; a union can be effected, there would fee in^that colony 151 ministers, 13,484 church members) and 7G,7l9 adherents, with 528 churches and 140 other preaching places. An appeal is being made by the Presbyterian Church of Yass for 10,000s. The recent cyclone at Yass caused £>reat destruction to property, and Sfc. Andrew's Presbyterian Church was wrecked. There ÍB no alternative but to build a new one ; but this the congregarían is unable to do. Hence the present appeal for aid. * A donation of ls from 10,000 friends of the Presbyterian Church in New South Wales would give JE500, and the new church will cost about ¿£1000. <. - I One of our Church of England contemporaries I is in favor of the present buildings at Rookwood, I near Sydney, being used as a reformatory for boys. They were erected for this purpose, and for the sake of the poor lads, who are almost .driven to sin, and, when punished, huddled with older criminals,; it hopes that there will be no more delays in establishing this reformatory for: boys. A ' drawing-room^ meeting, under the patronage of the Presbyterian Women's Missionary Associa tion, is announced to beheld on Friday af ternooni December 4, in the Y.M.C.A. Hall, Sydney, to bid God-speed to Miss MacLean, a Zenana mis sionary, who is. leaving for India in the steamer Ormuz on Monday next. The committee hope to raise ¿8100 before the meeting is held, to enable them to'complete their financial engagements. The annual meeting of the Forbes branch of the British Foreign Bible Society was held in the Presbyterian Church on November 26 last; Archdeacon Dunston, M.A., pre siding. Addresses were delivered by the Rev. Mr. Robjbhns, the'society's agent, Rev. J. H. .Craig, and Rev. J. H. Lewin, and a strong com mittee was formed to carry out the work in con nection with the work for the current year. The Rev. J. B. Gribble's recent pioneer trip to North Queensland resulted most satisfactorily in the opinion of his friends. After meeting all expenses, ¿893 8s 2d, there remained a credit balance to the mission of ¿872 lOa. The Queens land Government has recommended the reserva tion of eighty square, miles of most 'suitable country, and in False Bay, not far from Cape Grafton, Mr. Gribble intends shortly establishing the first mission station in Queensland, for the accomplishment of which it is understood he will resign his parish of Adelong early in the new year. '? -, The fact that the local option vote for Sydney was to be taken on -Tuesday seems to have aroused the churches to special effort. Anyway, both the Church of England and Wesleyan Sydney weeklies referred to the question. The former stated "that in Sydney alone the local option vote would be taken ;" while the latter spoke of it as " throughout the colony." The clergy were urged to bring before their people the duty of householders registering their votes against the drink traffic, especially in view of th© promised introduction of a local option bill into Parliament. How have the powers possessed under the present act been used? The Church Society of Sydney has issued an appeal through its secretaries for distribution in the churches in connection with this Advent season. Even assuming that the income for the current year should prove equal to that of last, the expenditure will exceed it by ¿8250, hence the necessity of additional efforts to make up for the falling off during the currency of 1891. The funds of the society are employed in supplement ing by grants the stipends of clergy and catechists in places where such help is needed ; assistingthe Warangesda Mission and the mission to the Chinese, providing 1 chaplains, to visit hospitals and asylums, 'sending missionaries amongst the navvies and families engaged ph some of the public works, in assisting mission work in the poorest arid most populous parts of our metropolis, and providing pensions for a^ed and infirm clergy. 