CAM© laE©o CONSECEATION OF ST. PATRICK'S CATHEDRAL, BALLAEAT. A 3REAT ASSEMBLAGE OF PRELATES. On Sunday last St. Patrick's Cathedral, which is now complete, was solemnly consecrated. Up to the present St. Benedict's, Sydney, was, we be lieve, the only consecrated church in the coloniea. A condition o£ the rite of consecration is that the building must be clear of debt. St. Patrick's in Ballarat, which was commenced ia 1858, has cost over ,£40,000, while the site itself is worth more than dSlOjOOO. We are indebted to the Melbourne daily papera of Monday for the following par ticulars. Long b?fore the time appointed for the opening of the edifice thousands of persons had assembled in the grounds, and when the prelates arrived there was a Kush to secure silting accommodation within the spaciotH building. When Pontifical High Mass commenced the Cathedral was ctor/ded in every pas?!', and large numbers of persons were refused admission owing to want of space. Very few are aware of the fact that the aotu&l; consecra tion of the Cathedral took place quietly on Thurs day, the officiating prelate being Dr. Corbett, Bishop of Sale, who was assisted by several digni taries. The function lasted for five hourc, and was of an impressive character. The admission tickets ranged from 15s to 5s. Around the altar were a lame number of distin guished dignitaries of the Church, including — Cardinal Moran, of Svdney ; Archbishop Eed^c-od, of! Wellington, New Zealand; Archbishop Carr, of Melbourne; Archbishop Eeynolds, of Adelaide; Archbishop Dunne, of Brisbane ; Bishop Murray, Maitlaad ; Archbishop Murphy, Hobart ; Bishop Eeville, Sandhurst ; Bishop Corbett, Sale ; Bishop O'Keily, Port Augusta ; Bishop Dunne, WiL.an nia ; Bishop Ton'reggiani, Armidale ; Biah -p Moran, Dunedin ; Bishop Biggins, Svdney ; and Bishop Moore, of Baliarat. Mes3ra. Nicholas Fitzgerald, M.L.C., Archer, Coghlan, and D. Bropby, Knights of the Order of St. Gregory, were also present, making the gathering the most distinguished that has taken place in Victoria in connection with the Catholic Church. The clergy, pome thirty in all, included the Very liev. Dr. O'Haran, oi Sydney, the Very Eev. Father Cahill, S.J, of Melbourne and the Eev. Father Fouby, of Queensland. The musia ,com|i.sted of HumrneFo Grand Mass in E Flat, with full orchestral accompaniment, the soloists being Mrs. Palmer, Madame Christian, 0ignoiv Buzzi, and Mr. J. W. Burton ; and the choir consiotedof about 100 voices. The celebrant of tho Maso was Bishop Moore, assisted by Dean Hoyno and Fathers O'F&rrell; and Doylo, with Dr. Delcney as tu aster of ceremoni«e. Tho cssrinon «as preached by tho Cni'diaal At'ehbiGuop. The address o2 bio EminencQ looted Pot: thseo-qwortero o£ aa faoue, &U;& de< mainly '?;Mk tho impojftnnti oeseraony eg qQjfuseci.'fttiQffl, In the afternoon Biohop Moose ontertaiaed about 200' I gentlemen nt dinner afc the Holy Ghost College.- [ Among the company were the Hon. J. G. Duffy,. ; PostmaBtcr-General ; Mr. Cothbett and Mr.- i Fitzgerald, M.L.C/s ; Mr. Madden and Mr. Murphy, ILi.'a; and Me. Shoppe, Mayor of' Ballarat. The Protestant denominctionn were well represented. Ac Vfspera the pulpit was filled by l'r. Eedwood, Bishop o£ Wellington, who al-o delivered a sermon o£ an appropriate1 character. 