HOW A GOOD SHIP WAS LOST. On the night of October 27th, 1842, the good ship "Mary Compton," of Bristol, Eneland, was struggling with a fearful gale off the coast of North America. The wind blew furiously, but the weather was clear, and the Captain expected every moment to get sight of the light in the lighthouse on the Iron Rock Shoals. This lighthouse marked the entrance to the harhour. Once there, aml they were safe. Sure of his position, he sailed on confidently. Five minutes later the ship struck with a fearful shock andwent to pieces. Fourmen, in eluding the Captain, were saved. On reach iog the shore they found a etrange thing had happened. An enemy of the lighthouse keeper had bound him hand and foot and extinguished the light. Souls, as well as ships. steer by the lights. Hope is the most important light house in the world. What shall be said of the man who darkens 'it in the face of a storm-tossed spirit " You are beyond human aid." These words were said by a physician to a woman who had come to consult him. Admitting that he thought so, had he the right to say so! No; for he might be wrong-and in any case he had no business to put out the light. This woman had been ill for some time. In .Tne, 1889, she was greatly alarmed by her symtoms. Her heart palpitated, and she was so giddy she could scarcely stand. Her head whirled "and," she said, "all objects seemed to gn into a cloud." She had to hold herself up or sit down for fear of falling. She broke out in a sweat although cold as death. A dreadful couah racked her frame so that she could not lie down in bed and sleep. "I coul1 scarcely crawl about the house," she says, "I was so weak." I tried different remedies and medicines without avail. I went to the Dispen ary at New Briggate and asked the doctor to tell me the worst. His answer was. 'I have mixed' you some medicine; you can ttke it or leave it. I took it for three weeks, then gave up in do-pair. "I talked with two other physicians. The last one said, "Yon are past human aid." " My heart sank within me, for I had five 'little children, ,and my death would leave them without a mother's love and care. I went home and cried till I was sick: I had no appetite andthad.loat.flOsh till I was thin as a ghost I My mother came to see me and didnot know me. My skin was of a green and yellow'colour, and when I ate anything it seened to stick in my throat.' About this time I commenced vomiting, and what' I threw up was tinged with blood. Once I began to vomit at nine o'clock on a Saturday morning and scarcely'got rest from it until Monday morning. "At this time 'I remembered that Mrs. Wilson, with whom I formerly worked in Crawford'a Mill, in East Street, Leeds (where I live), had been cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. So I sent to Mr. Jeason's' the Chemeat, in Great Garden Street, and got a bottle. A few doses stopped the vomiting, and by degress from day to day I felt better.' Soon I could eat'a dry crust, and by the timel had finished the second bottle I had got over all my bad symtoms, and was fast getting my strength back. I am norw (April,' 890)~ in better health than ever before in hy life., "I should' have taken Mother Seiels's Curative Syrup sooner, but'm'y'husl?hnd was out of work and we had oily a trifle coming in from his club, but I thank God I did get it at last, and it cured me. bhd off as I was. All my friends and neighbors know the facts I 'have related, and I will reply to any letters of enquiry." (Singed), Mrs. Ann Mills, 40, Bread Street, York RIad, Leeds. This was a case of' indigestion and dyspepsia, with symptoms showing how far it had affected the nervous system. A few months, or possibly weeks more, and Mrs. Mills would have no tale to tell. She did wrong to wait one hour for any reason, after having known what Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup had done for her friend Mrs. Wilson. 