LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS, j A VISITOR.-Mr. J. ti. Drake, M.L.A. for Rnoggcra, paid u short visit to Warwick to wards the close of last week. r ^samfeKTAV Ontfitch.-The Rev. Hugh Cairns will preach in the Warwick Presby terian Church on Sunday next, morning aud cveuiiig. News FROM SAMOA.-Latest intelligence from Samoa, telegraphed from Auckland, N.Z., says that a native outbreak i» feared. It is the old trouble between the riral kings. ** PASTORALISTS' REVIKW." - The current number of The Australasian PastoralisW He view contains a biographical notice of Mr. Wm. Allan, M.L.A*, together with a portrait. Panc.ro MBBTIMO.- Mr. A. Morgan, M.L.A., will address the electors of Warwick in the Town Hall tit 8 o'clock this evening The chair will be occupied s by his worship the Mayor. > . - REGISTRATION COUHT.-The quarterly regis* tration and revision courts for the electorates of Warwick, Cuuningham, and Cambooya will be held at the Court House, Warwick, at 10 o'clock a.m. on Tuesday, 5tb July. BURNKTT ELECTORATE.- Mr. Cadell has is sued his address as a candidate for the Burnett electorate. Ho promises to support the labor members, nnd is in favor of the one man one vote principle, and of taxing abscutees. LAID UP.-We urc sorry to hear that Mr. R. A. Cowton, editor of our looal contempor ary, has been laid up during the past day ot two by a rather severe attack of illneBS HIB medical adviser has ordoicd oompleto rest for a few days. PillvATK MATCH.-A match, £10 aside, half a-mile, between Mr. Savilo's brown horse Boomerang and Mr. Whitton's bay horse Kil dare came off on the racocourso yesterday afternoon. The horses carried equal weights (8-6). Considerable interest was manifested, and Boomerang was made a favorite at two to one. The racc needs little description! as the fovorite was beaten from post to post Mr. j Macfarlane officiated as judge. | . GAIEIT COMEDY- COMPANY-This company i occupied the boards of the Town Hall on I Saturday and last evening. The attendauce on Saturday nicht was fair | last night ft was much better. Very cujoyabjie entertainments were provided, the burlesques and farces being well mounted and well played. The comicali ties of Mr. Poroy 8t. John and Mr. Fred. Dark provoked hearty laughter, aud Miss Madie Bennett's singiug was well received The company leave for the South to-day. RAILWAY CHANGES.-Some important chau ges are being made by the Railway Commis sioners in the staff of the Central Railway. Among these will be the transfer of Mr. G. Holdsworth, traffic superintendent, from Rockhampton to Brisbaue. His place will probably be taken by Mr. Evans, the deputy traffic superintendent, who is now iu Rock hampton relieving Mr. Holdsworth. The arrangements for the changes have i>ot yet been completed, but they will be in a day or two. Have you a cough ? Sleepless nights need no longer trouble you. Ayer's Cherry Peetoral will atop the cough, a'lay the inflammation, and induce repose. Itwill, moreover, he$ the pul monary organs and give you fcoaith. Y » v ^ J r*r Sw PATaiOK; gr^m, dated Frifojr, '1 .created Sir iota.?- H'he Hilars iwnfcSjbyey _ utfSjftls hrtSSmce adaaMKJ'to the! Arrhfflale, onflire^t0Ved by mail. CROWN LAND SALE.-A Bale of Cfowa land wRFEoTieldat the focal offioe at 11 o'clock this jmomicg, Whro l^f. Rnnbury will submit olio "allotment In the Town of Hendon, one country.poitiau la the-yrWi^f ftoeeuthaty ?ai-fcr,hr p°rtio"e ia th® pftri°h of F ROSTY WEATHER.-Severe frosts have bean j experienced In, tljiis pjirt of iJiecojijny during tlio past few days. On Friday 'morning, find and buildings were covered with a mantle Of WkMehAot'trail ( and on Saturday' Mid 4lu» day morning there were also bright and biting evidence? of .the epasonablo cu&racter; bt Nile Weather We are now enjoying. SIGNS OF THE TIMES.-Trouble appears to lie browing between the master printers of Bris bane and the Typographical Association owinjj to Hie former having notified their intention of reducing the scale of wages. How ssvere the trade depression in Brisbane is, may be gatlierejl f(Wn the fact that the Courier and Observtf have been reduced in size from 56 to 4B onlumns per day. | HARD TIMES,-Says the local Herald: 4 Tho bailiffs are holding high festival in Dalby at present. Tivo of them arc engaged in clear king out the stock of two business places ib Dray ton-street, which is fast becoming a play ground for the festive William goat an* perambulating ponies. Like oysters to a rockl two more "gents in charge" have attache^ themselves to a firm in Cunningham- Btreety which is also giving np the ghost. i the Governor has received the following telef gram through Lord Hopetoun, Governor ojT PVict'jriiitJrojnJJio Secretary of State for the boloniw^^Hkpiy . you that Ad miralty have agreed that the new (hips, aftet rendezvous at Thursday Island, shoula visit in such order as Admiral may find convenient! MoKton Bay, /Sydney, Adelaide, Melbourne. ir-ttiHotert.! lAftir. that those that are to be laid up will visit, as soon as convenient to general naval service, Frcmantle." j CMFTON DIVISION.-It will bo seen by thi report of the proceedings at the last meeting of the Clifton Divisional Board, published iri another column, that the Minister for Works has declined to acoede to the petition for separation presented some time ago by resij dents at the Altera end of the Division ; anq that a motion, that the meetings of the Board be in future hold at Clifton instead of at Allora, was carried by a majority of 5 to 41 The Board's office has been located in AUord since local government outside municipalities was initiated twelve years ago, and the people of that town very naturally regard the pro] posed ohs^p ylthjtofipror. T A l j f Vijfs. PiWAiiCtW^loti (iT Warjtictj}, gov; ot Slanley-Sireet, South Brisbane, says i " When living in Warwick, I paid a visit td Brisbane, during which time I fell and hurt! my back; the friend with whom I stayed ad vised me to use your valuable liniment, and the relief gino.irt^lo m%3ronderfolfl soon recovered thoroughly. I have since recom mended it to several of my friends who have suffered from rheumatism and other similar complaints, and in,.every ease it has been effectual, . AflMtVA ago I went to Warwick and took half a bottle with me, and whilst there I met a friend who was suffering, and had suffered forse veral years, with rheumatism.' you are going to give the suffering portion of the community the benefit of this invaluable liniment." Full particulars from Rev. JAS. STEWART, New Farm, Brisbane ; or J. R. P. ADAMS, 142 Queen-street, Brisbane. -LADVT.] RUST IN WHEAT.-While inuch is being said about rust (says the Autlralwiian), there is very little yet known which practically as sists the farmer to escape the losses which it brings upon him. There is one important fact, however, which, having been only re cently discovered, is not so generally known as it ought to be, and that is, that a great deal can be done towards saving a rusty crop by gaping it "on the green, . or when the grain le ui the " duiigh tst&tc;'." Wheir the grain .'is in the " duiigh grain on being pressed between the fiugers emits milk it is upt fit for reaping, but when without emltiug milk it is soft enough to yield to the pressure of the fiugers, it is ready for harvesting. Cutting at this stage seems to chock the effect of the rusl, and the grain continuos to fill from the straw, while grain left to get ripe enough for stripping will be completely spoiled by the disease. This was clearly proved iu South Australia the season before last. The rust disease was so bad and the difference between the reaped and the stripped grain was so marked that early reap ing must oe considered the best known means .of mitigating the effect of the disease. WARWICK BATTALION BOYS' BRIGADE.-On Friday evening last the four companies of the Warwick battalion of the ? Working Boys' DefeQceBrigiAfefausteredftrlntifefetionparade under the command of Chief and Leader Northcott. The boys were marohed to 'the Defence Force drill-ground, where a Sergeant Major Instructor and Seigeant- Major Baker examined them in company and battalion drill* The instructors spoke in terms of praise of the manner in which the boys acquitted themselves- of their knowledge of, andeteadi ness at, drill. Sergeants Canty and Gitmour assisted Mr. Nortncott. The latter has re ceived ovor 100 letters from parents and em ployers consenting to their sons and em ployes remaining in the Brigade if the leader will drill them. Drill is ordered in future for Thursday night and Saturday afternoon, and church parade on Sunday. A deputation of sergeants waitod upon the leader, asking him to drill the battalion in future, and promising that there would be no cause for complaint in future, and that those who had inisoonducted themselves should be dismissed. Mr. North cott said forgiveness would be the best punish ment for tho offenders. The boys attended church parade on Sunday morning. MOUNT MORGAN COMPANY.-The sixth an nual meeting of the Mount Moigap Gold Mining Company, Limited, will jbe hold on 2ud July. The directors' report is brief, and merely notices the increase in expenditure, which amounted to £129,000, including £19,000 dividend duty. The managing direc tor, Mr. esley Hall, in his report, says that 74,000 tons stone ?' were treated during the year just ended, and that the yield o? gold was 201,000oz., or an average of Hoc. 13d wt. to the ton. He then goes on to say : " You will see there is a gradual falling off in the output of gold. This iB caused not altogether by thn poverty of the stone, but by the chango of country. It is very a trail ge that on the wes tern side of the sporklngs jthore is a large kaolin dyke whlclicarrles no gold, uud ap parently enfeoff all the gold, but to the east we have thousands of tons of kaolin rich in gold that is yielding Joz. to 22oz. to the ton. Two truoks of ordiuary quartz make a ton, but it takes three trucks of kuolin to weigh a ton. So, instead of getting one ton into our furnaces, we get from 13owt, to IScwt. in each charge, und this, iu masting, loses 25 per cent ol weight by evaporation of water oarried by tills peculiar ore. So, for some time, unless we strike a patch of rich sinter quartz or ironstone, I cannot promise the shareholders a dividend of more, than 6d. per month." Thedividonds palddurlng the year yrere £241,000. ' ,i' {? I 