THE €OLDEX LAMP. A Talk of Fisher's Folly. . BY THOMAS ST. E. HARE. (Chambers' MitoeUany.) CHAPTER L MB. OIRI>LS3TORIa In tbe neighbouriiood of Biehopagate Without, and only separated from tiiat noisy street by a narrow lane of lofty warehouses, stands ao old eqaare. This square, which is mostly composed of fine mansions, was once the very centre of fashion. Hero was to be fouod the .nMielnil bnmn /if m/lrA than nn..riat/i_ cratic family: it was here that the Conntess of Devonshire — some two hundred years ago — lived and died. ' It was here, as we are told by Stow, the best of old chroniclers, that " Jasper Fish or, free of Goldsmiths, late one of ; the six clerks , of -the Chanocerie, and a justice of the peace,' built for himself a magnificent residence. He laid out bis grooods in regal style with pleasoror gardens and bowling alleys, for his guests to wander in and listen to the songs .of birds : even ' tbe Qaeen's Majesty Elisabeth did lodge there.' No wonder, then, that crowds of the nobility and gentry came to visit Jasper Fisher. His hospitality aud extravagance might al most be compared to that of an eastern potentate : a calif could scarcely have becu more ostentatious. But ' Fisher ' —so the story goes ou — ' being a man oE no great calling, possessions, or wealth, and being indebted to many,' was unable for any length of time to keep up so large and sumptuous ao establishment. He retired . once, more into private life : the place gradually Ml into wreck and ruin ; and so it came t ) be called Fisher's Folly.' One autamn evening, some years ago, a young man entered the precincts of Fisher's Folly ani looked keenly about bim. At that time the place was the borne of merchants, who had their counting houses on the ground-floor. The man had the appearance of one who had recently landed from a long voyage : he wore a rough overcoat and waterproof hat ; and his fresh com plexion and bright eyes spoke eloquently of stiff breezes on a briny sea. His face expressed as he glanced about something more than mere idle curiosity. ' I thought I should have remembered the old house,' he muttered to himself ; 1 but I was only a lad ; nd one bouse i was the same as another. in those days. I didn't know then what L "know now and he walked round tbe square, peer ing up at tbe doora and windows aud down into the great areas, dismal and deserted, and faced by rusty iron rails. Presently he stopped opposite a corner bouse. It was the largest in the square : it bad two windows on each side of its massive doors, and five windows on the Etories above. In the roof was a low smoking chimney ; and in the deepening gloom thib chimney, with a round gar ret window on each side, had the ap pearance of a shapeless monster, as it eeemed to the young man, staring down over the parapet when he looked up. As be was on tbe point of turning away, though the front door of thie mansion stood invitingly open, a gleam of light in the windows overhead at tracted his attention. He stepped back, and stood in tbe roadway with an eager expression on his uplifted face. The light moved swiftly about, glimmered dimly in the five windows, and presently became concentrated in toe one above the front door. In the bow of this middle window, inside tbe room, stood a large lamp — unlighted. This lamp, raised upon a pedestal, was peculiar. It bad the appearance of a lantern sns- spended under a gilded dome, the dome being supported by foliated pillars. The whote ornament, as Ear as could be seen at that distance, was a remarkable piece of workmanship. And while the young man stood there looking up, as if "the lamp were of exceptional interest to him, the figure of a girl became apparent. The girl, carrying a taper in her hand,1 stopped before the lamp. . The lantern was sooo lit ; and the . brightness from it fell upon her face. It was a vision of beauty — an exquisite apparition of loveliness, upon which the lamp threw a pale subdued light : and then an arm was stretched out, the curtain drawn across the window, and the lamp and the lovely face had varnished. Tbe young man now went up the steps, and found himself in a large hall, ' with a broad oaken staircase beyond. Upon a door on one sido of this hall was written in white letters upon a dark pine), 1 Girdlestone, Carter and Co.' After a moment's hesitation 'and a glance np the staircase, as thongh an other glimpse of the enchanting face were possible, he opened tote door and found himself In a dingy old counting- house, where toe clerks, five or jsix in number, were seated on high etoote, es if to get light, when any came that -way, from the barred and dusty windows be hind them. They all looked up when: tbe visitor came in, like h> many automatons, and- then looked down again. ' Is Mr. Carter within ?' n A clerk came forward. " What name V 'John Weetcott.' A clerk opened a door, on which was inscribed 1 Mr. Girdlestone '_ in,-, faded letters. The room into which he stepped was iu darkness ; but the clerk lighted two antique candlesticks on the high mantel-shell He then Disced a chair. for J oho Weetcott and disappeared. Westcott'8 expression of cariosity in: , creased. The room had a mysterions, and neglected appearance there were many signs of its n6t"hainghtonrfS£ cup'ted of late. The desk covered with dost, and dusty: cobwebs ining - in the corners of toe walls and across the chinks in the closed shutters, as though even the spiders had forsaken the place. A few sheets nf natter Ivlnir noon toe; desk were as yellow as old parchment and the ink in a pewter InkBtahd. had evidently dried up long ago,1 wito tliB tip of a quill pen sticking there, aa "3f the hand that ; he4 ;. dipped it h«4 ended the records of a life and had vsiushed. -»- J ohn Westcotfeat Hom1fitoB'ths!t "-probably Mr. GitdUria&ei-;&hg; the old doek. His '''yeparapsd aeatchiogly into the deep pigeon-holes over the brass-handled drawers, ... _ . .. quaintly designed with -the heads of satyrs. &addianiy; he gianci ngr An antiqne picture — the portrait of an old man— faced faim : it was hanging' over the mantel-shelf between the twrT candles ; and toe eyes seemed to him to express extraordinary cupidity, . 'Weet cott moved from the desk, lifted one of the candles from toe mantel-shelf, and;- shading it with his hand, examined the' portrait with acute interest. ' Yes,' said he, in an undertone, "it is the face I remember. There is a look of insati able greed in those searching byes — in' the hollow cheeks and Wrinkled mouth.. And what expressive hands 1 Why,, yes, toey seem to be grasping imaginary gold r. -. — ; - - While he still stood gazing at this painting, .as it unable to take niaeyes. from it, the doer opened, and toe clerk requBsted hini to "step thie' Wsy.' The' room whidh he . how entered had a" cheerful appearance. It was well lighted,, and a bright fire was burning in the hearth. Upon the rug, with- his bsck- to the fire, stood a somewhat careworn-, looking man of abont forty-five or. fifty. He sjtepped .iorwmd, hor; ever, with a pleasant, smile on his face, and held out his hand to the visitor. ' Weil, John,' said be in a cordial tone, ' eo you made up your mind at last to come to Eng land. Ton have done well, and I am delighted to see you. — But what has happened ? I have been - puzzling my braia ever since your letter came to hand. ' John TVestcbtt' — as I could not nelp saying to Marian — ' bas got some surprise in store for us.' And Marian wan somewhat of my opiuiou.' If a sign of embarrassment crossed Westcott's face as be drew a chair to wards the hearth, it escaped Mr. Carter ; for that gentleman had bent down to 8tirtoe fire into a brighter blaze, as though to give a more cheerful appear ance to hie welcome, and at the same time to.hide the slight tone of reproach in which he spoke. ; The merchant was evidently one of those men who, when having an unpleasant duty to perform, are glad to get it over as agreeably as possible. The young visitor, after a nnifllr olariflA A.hnnf. f-.TiP r/inm— ur if reviving his memory, as he had done in the.square and Mr. Girdlestone's office — quietly remarked: "So it seems strange to you, Mr. Carter, that I should care to revisit my uncle's old home ?' ' Indeed, it does,' replied Mr. 'Carter frankly. ' I had concluded, long ago, that no possible motive would induce you to return. Has there not been more than one strong reason, daring the last fifteen years, why you should come back ? But you have all the while remained abroad.' Receiving no reply, Mr. Carter went on. ' Was there not the prospect of a partnership f said he. ' Did not Mr. Girdlestone, as we wrote and told you, seem to set his heart upon having a relation in tbe house ? — That .did not .bring you home.' ' I had chosen a profession,' replied Westcott. . 'Even the certainty of inheriting a large fortune by working at the desk could not tempt me to retire from the navy. I had a passion for the sea.' ' Well,' said Mr. Carter, half apolo getically, ' perhaps I ought not, you will say, to expraes any opinion on the subject. Your refusal to come into the business led to my promotion, lb. Girdlestone, despairing of getting you to joio the firm, made me a junior partner. — But was there not another reason, a far weightier one, for a visit to England a year ago? And still, John, yon stopped away.' . Mr. Carter looked, as well as spoke, reproachfully now. ' Tou mean,' said Weetcott, steadying hie voice, at the time of my uncle's death.' 'Ton received my letter F ' Tee ; at Madras. Ton told me that he hod left hie property— except yonr. share in tbe business —to your daughter Marian. It is she, as I understand, 't__ ! AL. = I j> Jfia wuo is uu w hw iKttiiur gmrvuoL m old house.' : A slight smile passed over the merchant's -fao& > He had censured the ynnng maq.sp.jffir,a in. his opinion, his condoct mehted reproof, and on that pointhis conscience was eet. at rest. 'Yes? Marian Is senior partner. That is the position, John/ said ha ' I am jnnior etill.' ' For some moments Weetcott pon- J/uxIh < 1 LTw ri.vfa ® 1am nrooont.117 UCfCU UCBJIIJa AlUeVMVW) MW jravwwu>v -mid, ' I have no wish, as you must know, tp dispute my uncle's wilL . He made a generous offer, and I refused. Had I fallen in wito. his views, instead of opposing them, Ishould have been made Ids heir.' " : r- i ' Unquestionably,' said Mr. Carter. . ; ' Fifteen years ago,' continued West- cott, ' I was very young. I had no judgment: I was all activity and impulse. But I have now — -at least I hope so — arrived at years of discretion. T ami 4-ltieJn Atirn anJ T flIinnM llni 1\. ttiu VUUtJIWVj »uu AOUWWMa settle down in life. Will yon help inef ' , Mr. Carter's face grew thoughtful. : 'Don't misunderstand me, Westcott went on. I will begin, as yon did, at the foot of the ladder.' : The merchant" appeared surprised. ' Would you accept a clerkship,' said he fin your uncle's old house Y ' ' Why not ? : I wish to be guided en : tirely by -yoo. -I cannot ask you to maim raft a partner,' said Wieatcolt with . dight smile. " I have little or no means. Though I ought to tell yon,' lie added, '.somewhat mysteriously, 'I W not without expectations.' Mr Garter reflected a moment j then he said : - ' I . should indeed be ungrate- ful, J ohn, if I refused to help you. Mr. jGHrdlestone was a true friend to ma ;Awd if:t aippear to hesltat-/ he added, , if ls because I ain -thinking of you, not of myself. I will briefly explain my meaning. He seated himself opposite his visitor; and thecarewornlopk, which Westtott bad noticed when be came in, appeared to'inferease. "Ton must know/ John,: that your uncle- was a : creat finamaerTrho w -ereat, :T Aid not ; realise until taken fntip., partnership. I : sometunes doubt if l fally appreciated lnfe!geSuk even then. The amount of capital small. But such confidence was placed insMfciiGiedlflStoneTas -finaucier, that had he drawn"?Hlteto«toe extent of a hnirirMJ have Garter cSlinueA . b.'dkrdle- stone died, as you may imaging toe pojrtlon Vas - altered. - With small capital and greatly diminished credit, I have jhad -to 8gsjm-; .the, repntation ,of hn old City house. I have been doing fmy best ; yon will not doubt that. But I do not profess to have a taleDt for finance like my late partner. What .has been the result? For a whole year I have been at my wits end how to save the firm. It has been a hard struggle-: affairs have gnpe, from,, had tp . worse. Ton hapej hppeared, John, ; at a> most toying. -mdmmiW- Hkd'r you 4rrhred t few weeks later, you would probably have found the aid place locked up and Jn the hands of creditors. — How, under these circumstances, can I help you?' .' JidUfoliujt rose i. frpm . his ..ch sir, . Thaw/wAs a )ook -of energy in hte faca ."Who knows of this?' 'No one,' replied Mr. Carter, 'isixoept jHarian,'.Ti ; WestcOtk ' reflected " La riiomerit. "What sum is required to save the house ?' . ' Twelve Lhoujmnd pounds.' Tho young manaoswered : 'Iscarcely possem'that number of; shillings. - ; But something — thongh one ' must ' ' not be too sanguine — something may be done.' rV" "E -Mr. Garter appeared Ttot in -thought1 His face expressed deep despondency: It was not merely the dread of losing the position he had gained through close attention to business it seemed to him..Jhm .Jffthe,..hQuse_JEailed — . as i| ictold'»: ntobr' (iiftaS- donej': .in his| opiniofq . titer I was alJvecAMSpbe -TOulSwrpfrj a blot ou Mr. Girdles tone-had . uhoseu .Jum "lie „ a: truBtwbrihy «hd cimjjetBnl person, ooa. most tions of the firm after his death. But . independent -of , -that, as - Mr. Carter conld nthideft"(>mhimsel£, hiB daughter would suffer : if failure came she would participate in the' calamity.-. The gloomy prosp ect was almost " overmastering. And now John Westcot, Mr.Girdlestone's one surviving relative, had come unexpectedly upon the scene — had come a3 if toromindJiim, At the eleventh hoar, of his serious respontibility. As Westcott stepped towards the door, Mr. Carter recovered himself - ;and ; said: .yjou will be our guest? A room shall be 1 prepared for you — your old room. Where shall I send to for your luggage?' ' I left it in & coach at the entrance to the square.' The merchant hastened out to give the necessary instructions. When he returned, Westcott was standing with his hand on Mr. Girdlestone's door, a side-door communicating with Mr. Carter's room. < May I take another glance,' said the yonng man, ' at that portrait of my nncle ? It struck me as being a remarkable work of art.' ' By all means,' said Mr. Carter. ' It is by a great master. — Will you excase me ' he added, seating himself at his writing-table. ' I have a number of matters to see about. . We dine at.seven o'clock.' The candles in Mr. Girdlestone's room are still burning. Westcott tabes np one of them and again looks intently at the portrait of hie old uncle. "It is your secret— 'and his eyes still rest upon the picture — I will use it, as you would have wished me to do, to save the house. He puts the caudle on the bureau ; and again he sits down in toe chair facing the desk. Ha does not hesitate now. He- places his hand in:o an apparently empty pigeon- hole, and the inner wall falls open In a moment he has drawn forth au oblong paper. He glances rapidly at the; inscription- It is the 1 Last Will and 'Tektaiiibnt of Jeremiah Girdlestone of Ftsherte Folly.' And at the foot of the document, in a qaaintfJund writing, iifJohn Westcott reads/the following <tigiiiiicant wordB : 1 For the key to toe secret strong-room, wherein will be found fifty bags of hard cash, look behind toe Golden Lamp.' f>r: 4-TTTf'1 j-;-. ' ' CHAPTER H. MEL GIRDLESTONE'S MONEY. The room wito the five windows, in toe centre one of which stood the Golden Lamp, was an old dining-hall. The oaken walls were hong .with . .terge and valoable printings ; and from the centra of the ceiling was - suspended a great chandelier. .At one end of this room a fire was burning'' hi the open chimney;; pod. pear the , rug, in front of toe fire, was placed a round dining- tableV laidfor three. Leaning over this table, to arrange some exotic flowers in a centre vase, was the beautiful lamp lighter who had attracted John West- colt's attention .an hour ago. No antique room, with so lovely a figure placed there, would have better represented p formar century : a period, one might say, in . which Fisher's Folly was the abode of beauty and fashion. The girl) was plaiply-jdrease toe fair hair was drawn Y»acK or-om me oroau forehead into, a Grecian knot, and the dark velvet robe fitted closely to the tall and slender form. SAdfasins -fln- deniably r haudeoniCA bnt there was something mora "roan mere beauty in the large brown eyes and resolute mouth ; each feature expressed- that quick iu-. teltigence -which awakens confidence. It ems thp.iacp jjf nyromao with a char- Arffl&jaf; jmtoTikriy itb;)Bxhibit re- soiiMnSjpfiffiFal(; jtntk;6urii was M@Cartojtoe head partner 'in the oldjjfeee: HSring touched ttie flowers Sony witirherlohg expresriveftngero- a touph "of 'toe "butterfly's wtog 'to tenderaeeSehe turned away anfiTmoVd through folding-dobrs into anjnipg room. " It wa? a small room, -Imtgwito .ot.iuWK In -m iutmdnirmgtlie fire with his liMSmting on w fc<!BtiiT'irfiM> trouBtd in-«xpi(S»¥'%ihC8 his inter view with Westcott "he appeared to have aven mor4lfyreati<£fi the mognitude of toe calamity- which -was pending. As; Marian .approafed him, f ho weyen . ,he made a strong effbit to oiierebme hw de pression. ' " : Is fcllf ready, Marian . «»ia.Yxo. wren cheerfnlness in his tone, i t.S: T "I1" "lB.Iamplhtpd ;„v "Why, father, do you-Jwdk,! Fonld. neglect toatjqi Jfpnld-tltcriot be too thoughtless, :J»id shp laupupgly,' pnan o<MhmbnJike,«hIsf'",j5>,i thadcl «rt.4?W John Westpott should have returned to night.' ' It fc string Said the'girl a' smile. "And what -is.- still stranger,' she added, witii ji plight bluBh, /some, one— I think it must have" berii Mr. Westcott — was standing below the window when I lit the lamp. Is he likely to prove a friend 1' Ah I I was wondering/ said Mr. Carter. He has the character of being an ; iaxceUehtaadshrewd yoaag fellow. Bat' I fear/he went on, that even if be had bis . phcle's fiuanciai gepine,? he wbpldfihd jt ' «6 easy matter -to' e .. 'Ha stopped : abrnptly ; for at this moment Westcott came in. The change in his appearance, now that the rough costume was gone, "was remarkable. Mr. Carter scarcely j recognised him ; -there was little of the, Baifej-'pvpa' thQali fyp/h'n(I notolfigfin| his maunpr. He had all the etyle ot a i jrefinjedJentleoian. The merchant rose from his chair and formally presented .""him."; \ TU Had she seen him, thought Westcott when stsnding iu the square bdow the windows ? There was something. in her look, sbmethiag in her very attitude to wards him, which made him doobt if, he was . an entire stranger. He .had recognised her ; and be had conjectured," .while in conversation with toe merchant, ;tott toefeeautifal." visioi' at the Golden Lamp could b9 no other than Marian Carter. Bnt he had no time foe more than this passing reflection. The dibber was announced ; , the foldiog-doors were thrown open, aud they passed through and'toqktheir'Seats- atrtoe-tB'ble.- The first objeofthat ' attracted ' Wast- cplt's glaora' was tbe old lamp, Marian's Db youariebibbf.lt?';: - ; '.'-".tNoq i;.'had',jf«rgotten.r thd'ufiaj! saidie,L. ' I ;was sHbm:here.' - r'e ' " ? ' 1 , forgotten that lamp, J. said Marian. 'So I am tbinking,' Wesftiotvveplied. ' The workmanship is %xqmsito.— But/ he added, "is it not a lantern?' ' ' It can be used as such. It is called the Gulden Lamp.' ' It waB called so long before I was born. " It belonged as you may have guessed, to Mr. Girdle stone. He used tp call it mine. It has stood where it aowstands, I believe, for nearly a hundred years. — But the lantern/ said the girl, ' can easily be detached ; it -hangs from a hook, as you see, under the dome. - I have forbidden anyone 1 1 touch it. I trim and light it myself all the year round.' 'No wonder/ replied Westcott gate Iantly, ' that it bnrns so brightly.' 'Not for tbe world/ Marten went on,' ' would I miss doing so. It is to me a sacred duty.' Westcott could not suppress a' smile. ' What reason canyou have, Miss Carter/ said he, ' for being such a conscientious lamplighter ?' Marian looked serious. ' It was Mr. Girdlestone's wish,' said Marian,' with a glance towards her father j ; and ; re ceiving no look of disapproval, ehe added : ' Aslong jas the lamp is lighted —it was a sort of sapergtltimi.rrith him- — lack will not leave toe' jbouse,' As soon as the two men were alone ! over their wine— thongh .they - could see and hear Marian at the -piano, ; for the folding- doors stood opm — John West cott turned to Mr. Garter, aod said : .'There is something about that lamp; — and I hope you will not think me too inquisitive — which interests me. May I look at it more clOBely V The merchant readily acquiesced ; and the young man, stepping across the room, bent over tbe lamp ; and had not his back been turned to Mr. Carter, the. expression of keen excitement which; came over hie face might - have puzzled him. Seating himself once more oppo site to his host, after smmewhat lengthy . examinhtion of the lamp, WeBtootteaid : "There is a large key, I observe; hang ing behind toe lantern. Is there any tradition attached to that?' ' I ciknot tell yon,' said Mr. Carter. No one knows.' ' Do you mean, sir, that it fits no lock? - - . JV -BJLigUV BUI tig QIUOOSU VUg UIBIVUVUV S fact' ' Ton know hop carious women' are,' said he. 'I need scarcely toll you, John, that Marian has tried every key hole in the honSe. She has not solved the mystery.' 'Have you no theory, Mr. Carter! concerning that key P 'None.' ' Has it never occurred to yon that it might have been the key,' Bald West- oott, ' to my uncle's financial genius ?' 'Ah! that is a shrewd remark,' said Mr. Garter thoughtfully. 'But let. me tell -yon/ he' added, ' something about that strange man. It will interest you. No bnelunles8 it was his Indisnaervant, knew- Mr. Girdlestone ;tnore intimately, than I did.' " That eager expression Again passed over Weetcott'e face, but it escaped Mr. Carter's notice. After a short pause, he began ; and the low sonnd of music iu the -adjoiniug room aflded to. the PirnAnt; - \ . "Through a long life, John, your uncle had lived alone in this old house alone with this Indian. . Daring office hoars he often occupied'hte room down stairs — -the room in which that fine portrait image;' but; hi yoj»iySdpq; visitors there. All matters of business were arranged - in my room,1 at least, which became mine when I was taken into pWtoerahip. - l-Therej .sJr hia maic way, he eetti ' -aetrifidhsof finance. No-one was ever allowed topass beyond toe staircase. Even' Merian, to < whom he was greatly aftached, ; neyer' ririted the upper stories except when'Mr. Girdle stone took her to look at this lamp. At«x-o!qlpck osveryv evening toereat hall -floor -vraslocked and-joltod hriuuol ir — that is. mvself and' -the clerks — by the native' servant; laud - never, under any Sciircumstarihes, wjtsdhjBneyaqtil nine toe next morning.' ' An odd character/ sald YYeefccftt in an undertone. , , , . ' This eccentricity led "to alii sorts of rumoiirs. « It f 4v«s/geottaliy i ; believed that Mr. Girdlestone iwas a men of great wealth ; and his excessive caution and secret ways' suggested a hoarding iiannaitiinn/' 'TA VAfl tlionflftlb that his gold was stored' in great hetips in the garrets. :: I often heard . these t»Jesf ,But I have since convioced myself that these rnmi>nrs''were" rt'"wv' 4 You 4ieMvete4hhthit1' "I "exactly whathappspefl. r j Daring the years thati'I peiryepl . ; Mir, , Girdle stone — more - than twenty . in all — -T'. .he absent for one day from Ms desk. JThere were times when he remained in the conntig-house , only an. hour or two; those were jwbat - 1 CBlleff his'esilrie nays; for Pcbblfihrar-' him pacing this room, which is jnst above the office with a peculiar ft-ead which I have never forgotten. It was the only "exercise he took; -and it always foreboded some new aod frequently gigantic financial scheme. ; TeOmetimBS feacy. when I am very busy, that I ' ctia stitl hear him walking up' and down.'' Weetcott, lo-iiced: -about him. In this room P he Interposed. ' Tou believe it was here ?' " ' So iteoondpd to mq'ww Mr, Carter'a reply. But it is a strange old house ; .and I have: someticneB thonght;' Itej ,kdded;/ that ihqre.may be -roomk up-' ; stairs w uown-Btaira of which we" know j nothing. — But let mefinieb. . One after- j oooo, towards toe hoar for'locking-up. I heard a.- j groan. .It cime from Mr. ! Gicdlestonee room.' t went in,and found | my; old partaer leimng forward up6n hisdesk wito Ills head sunk iipon his ' arm?. , That was hls last day in 'toe j coonting-hooee— he died that night.' Mr. Carter: .paused, with - a distressed look on his' face. The details . of that' j painful incident were pwssing vividly throagh hte miud. Presently he cou- ! eluded : 'No sooner was Mr. Girdlestone j dead, strange to say, than his Indian, servant absconded. ' No one knows ! where he has goue. He seemed to be j like a man who had received some -shock. - I could make nothing of him. Doubtless, I he possessed a great deal of information' about bis master. If Mr. Girdiestme- was a hoarder of gold, he must have found it out. But I, . who have lived" ever since my partner's dertb, havA discovered nothing. And as to the mystery, John, about that key/ he: added, ' who can solve it.' Westcott made no reply, but'he eat' watching the merchant attentively:; and he soon noticed a look of drowsiness coming over him. -' The fetigae and anxiety of the last few days were be ginning to tell upon his overwrought brain. ' The more sleepy he bsc <me the more wakeful grew the expression on. Westcott's Face. As soon as he had assured himself that Mr. Carter was asleep, the young man rose from his chair, stepped softly ! across the room, and approached Marian's side. Standing where the light fell strongly upon him, some paces, from her, he. whispered : 'Don't stop! playing, Miss Carter : your father will wake. I have a secret to tell you ; aud much trill depend, within the next few minutes, upon your presence of mind. But do not be alarmed/ he hastened to add. ' Play as you are playing now, and listen.' Marian was a true musician ; and at the moment that John Westcott came and stood there She was carried away by the enchanting effect of some melody. His unexpected appearance startled her ; it was like being suddenly aroused out of a dream. She could not hide her agitation ; even the flood of harmony threatened to fall into discord. A false note was struck ; and then, in a troubled voice, ehe murmured, as she half lifted her eyes from the keya : ' A secret to tell me f Westcott sat down/though without approachiag nearer ; for hie first thought was to reassure the girl. Do not be distressed. Miss Carter; place confidence iu me. Can you not — -for your father's eake ? He heeds a friend. The girl fixed her eyes earnestly on "Westcott's face : it was a handsome -and sympathetic face. Why was his manner so "mysterious and perplexing ? Bat his appearance pleased her, and there was a genuine ring in bis voica She quickly decided : - she put away all : suspicion as ungenerons, aud answered , him. I am listening. Pray, do not hesitate to speak.' The yonng man gave Marian a grateful glance. ' I have come to Eng- - land, arid he, after a moment's" pause, "on an aflalr which deeply concerns yonr lather — an affair of tbe utmost import- ance. I have come to do what ia in my power to save the old house of Girdle stone and Company from ruin. Much that Mr. Carter told me had already reached my ears— through what medium; and how strange a one, you will hardly guess/ 1 The weird stories that Marian ; had heard about this old house in Fisher's Folly — and of the quaint figure of "Mr. Girdlestone, who had lived heie so many years — were still fresh in her: memory ; even while a child, her mind had been busy puzzling out the meaning of those mysteries. But she was more puzzled now ; and as these thoughts came rushing upon her — thoughts which Westcott's words had recalled — some thing of her strange mood seemed to enter into her expression while she played. Westcott presently resumed. 'Ton remember that Indian servant of Mr. Girdlestone's f said be. . ' Well— I have seen him ; and ha has , fold me every secret he "knew about my nncle.' This was indeed startling news for Marian. She looked np at Westcott with eager eyes and half-patted lips. She even ceased, In her excitement, to move her fingers over thekeys ; and for a moment there was a dead silence. Bntshe quickly recovered herself, and fell into playing soft and dreriny music while Itefeofng to all toat now foliowed from Westcott. ' The secrete which tote man has told me, as I hope,' will enable me to restore credit to the house. ' Bat no'hing is yet. sate;. :and for tola reason .1 hesitate to toll yohr ' father." Can -'toe 1 house be saved ? Before Mri Garter wakes, let us try to settie'this qnestion.' - le it possible?' whispered Marian. Yes ; I sincerely believe so/ said Westcott, in an earnest time. Durio| the many years that this Indian liyei here, Miss Carter, he kept his eyes wide iopen.;' Bnt, he was shrewd enough not to betray, .-any .signs of cariosity. He was discreet and honest. Indeed, my uncle, I am Inclined to think conld scarcely have chosen. .ai .better servant. Rnt he develoned. owing to toe circum- stances -which surrounded Trim, into<a paiiic-stricken man. All 'toat' he Trad found out about his. master's affairs, and the strange incident: that followed, strufck terrortohishfeart. Hecoufided; all this to me on his deato- bed. ; '.Itiwtis quite pitiable.' <. , : Mariariififch a wondering Ihok in her eyes) .whispered . ' What atraagein-, trident? " . if "One which wsb the erase of his sadden flight. This is ..what he .told me. ' Yeats ago, when he first became my ancle's, servant, he discovered that' hte master was! a. hoarder of gold. With , that lantern in his hand, Which you call the Golden Lamp, Mr. Girdlestone would 'walkabout the house long after mid-r night. He naturally supposed that his' eervant was asleep in hte garret. But. the? man -area following him like a shadow- from floor to floor. Ic became a fascina tion—a sort of mania.' 1 It was like fol lowing some uneasy spirit about these old. rooms and: staircases. ' And . so near did »hfe creep along behind bim,. with naked "feet kind sometimes on bis hands, , that he -cjuld at any - moment have -touched hte master ; jiad although Mr/' jGltdlestone sometimes flashed, the' aaiuerii ruuuu mm wilu suspicion, sob native was too agile' in' bis movements to be detected. A "particulaTpanel be- pame knpfrn.to.himf-rOjqe -tha£ . Jed jto.a, secret strong-room. That panel is in Ihte room : it is within a "few fart, Miss Cartar, of where you are seated .J .< ' The startled' look had come back into .Marian's' fece. What - strange story was this ? TShe bad beard, no thing so weird about Ksheria Folly be fore. She, followed the young man's' glance, towards the oaken wall, and again the'music was almost inaudible. ' There 1' said "Westcott, pointiug across the room". ' That panel .ban be moved. It is a door, that leads down narrow steps. as the Icdianjissared me, into j»jfie--:cel|8j j «$c;"to.be - found bagaof in6riey:J thousands of pounds, Miss Carter, ia hard cash/ , Meriau's cheeks were flushed with excitement ; arid thie melody Bounded as if following her thoughts into a shower of gold. ' Why,' said she, did Mr. Girdlestone's servant hide this from .us ?' -l 'Ah!. I. am now coming to that/' said Westcott. "Ou the night that Mr., Girdlestone died — a rainy, gusty night — -the lu'dian cquldbot Bleep... The loss, of his old master distressed bim'deepiy ; ' but the secret which he had stolen dis tressed him still more. He could never -restore it now : and it seemed as much a crime in his eyes as if he -bad etoieo the gold. He took the lantern and wandered -about as he had seea his master doing. Neither the pattering of the rain agaioBt the windows, nor the moaning of the wind in the draughty rooms aud corridors, gave him any con cern. He had never experienced the least fear : It had ail been wonder and breathless Interest at " his master's - ways. - Terror suddenly seized upon him for the first time. ..How the feeling came, he could not explain ; bnt without looking round or even listening, an over whelming conviction took possession of the man : his master - was . following la MI f 13 nf i awe/i M M A A A 1 II mim A meatAh Ivvfiv . UUv IV !j uo UUv em llVllig UiwO tol | but a dead one — the noiseless ghost of Mr. Girdlestone.' ILrriaTi ponld -not help shuddering ; and her tremulous notes showed now deeply all that John Westc-jtt had been relating affected her. The young man noticed this, and waited while she tried to overcome her emotion. He then rose from his chair; and taking from his pocket the document which he had an hour ago discovered in Mr. Girdlestone's desk, approached. Marian and pointed out tbe words written, at toe foot : ' For the key to the secret strong-room, wherein will be found fifty bigs of hard cash.- look behind the Golden Lamp.' ' And now,' said he, ' I will steal quietly into the dining-room aod get the lantern.' Marian looked up with an expression almost -of awe. ' Have you the hardi hood — all alone — to make this search ?' Westcott smiled. Tm not frightened when I've a good light. And was not the lamp lit by £Pa ' — Marian dropped 1 herbyes— i lit toir this very' expedition ? It was my uncle's wish. — Besides/ he went on, ' is not .the key which has been hanging there all' these years toe key to the secret strong-room ? Westcott steps into the dining-hail /vie nnao -of M"p riftl+AP wYlfr 19 filAPTt ing souudly. Marian looks over her shoulder, but never ceases playing. She sees Westeott detach the lantern; and as he' comes quickly back "with the softest tread, he stop3 and touches a panel near the fireplace. . ' His lips cou- vey these words, to the girl, for his voice does not reach her : ' This is the- way.' Marian whispers back distressfully.:. " If he wakes — — ' S'op playing : it will warn me. But tell him nothing.' The girl glances towards the clock on the mantel-shelf. 'I- shall count the minutes! ' Shall you toon he back? ' Westcott looks at- his- watch : ' In ten minutes.' ' Sa quickly as that ! But it will be like ten hours to me.' He approaches the will and presses ' upon the panel, which yields to his hand.! Hd'glancea hack at Marian, and . their eves meet." ' His -heart is beating fast, out her encouraging look makes it beat the faster. Westcott stoops down aud steps into an open space in the wall.' A cold, damp draught of ate: rushes into ' the room. "Die music .tremble as if an icy wind had caught toe keys. For -a' moment toe .lantern glimmers; and Marian sees "toe light moving away. John Westcott end the Golden Lamp bave disappeared. ; . 1 (Tobecondudedinota- next.) 