MISCELLANY. Legal and Ecclesiastical Definition.—A sheriff's officer: a writ-ualist. Husband—" My dear, we will have to begin to economise right off."- Wile—"Dear uie! VtTiat has hainiened5" Husband—"Cigars have gone up." —N. Y. Herald. " That's right, my i>oy. I'm glad you have thrashed the miller's son ; but what had he done to you?" "He 6aid I looked like you, father."—Flie gende Blatter. A Youthful Slanderer. — Johnnie (at menagerie)—'" Wat's the use of your offerin' a piece of gum to the elephants ? They v.on't touch it" Willie —" ril bet you this young one wilL She's a giri ele phant." " You say that all dreams are due to some thing influencing the slec]>er at that particular mo ment. How do you account for my dreaming the other night that 1 was dead 5" " Probably the room was too hot." " What, my child 1 You danced last night with the colonel! And he goes to balls white he yet wears mourning! What a light man he must lie!" "Oh, but, momma, really you should have seen how beautifully sadly he danced!" One Matbon—"No; I do not allow my husband to address me by my Christian name." Another Matron—" I shouldn't mind that at all. It's the unchristian names he breaks out with every once in a while that I object to." Mb. Aabon—" Sh'elp me, Mishter Moses, I ain't telling you no lies. I give you my void of honour!" Mr. Sfoscs looks incredulous. Mr. Aaron— " Look 'ere, Mishter Moses, ven I give you my void ol honour, you can nearly always believe me I" Watts—" I suppose one of the chief de lights of heaven will be meeting our friends gone be fore." Potts—" Mebbe; but I take the most satisfac tion In knowing that nobody will have any better clothes than I shall have."—Indianapolis Journal. you, my son'?" little Johnny—"'CauBe Fin small. If I woe as big as that man next door who called you a liar last night you would not put a finger on inc."— Puck." An Anti-Climax.—Lady Lecturer on Woman's Rights (growing wann)—"Where would man be if St "had not been for woman? (After a pause, and looking around the ball.) I repeat, where would man be if it hod not been for woman?" Voice from the Gallery—" Ec'd be in paradise, ma'am,"— Jester. Mns. Fenwick Miller was lately ashed whether she really thought that women oould, if they liked, do all that men can do. She replied as followsSpeaking for myself, there is at least one thing that many men have done and now do, which I know I should never havo the courage to do. I have studied medicine, contested elections, written polltloal leaders-ell like a man; but though i have never yet in my life worn on my head a tress of hair which pad not grown there, I am sure I never, never should have the courage to go about with a bold head." An open-air preacher was addressing a crowd in the East-end, when a drunken soldier came up and loudly ridiculed the whole service. Finding that it was useless to ignore i^c man, the preacher Quickly decided on bis course of action. Ah. my friend, you're no soldier; you've only borrowed those gay red clothes. No sen-ant of the Queen would get drank and interrupt a peaceful servioe." Of course the man warmly protested that be was a soldier, end invited the preacher to test him. " Veiy well,'' was the reply. " I will. Now then, stand at ease." This the soWler did as well as las drunken condition allowed. " Right about face." This also Was accom plished with some trouble. 11 Now, quick march 1" And off he went, matching dowo tteMile Ena-rpsd at a desperate speed—unable, apparently, to see t!i rough the open-aii- preacher's successful uuvnoDuvi-e. One day, during the reign of Louis Philippe, there arrived at the Paris post- office from Kussia a letter bearinir thiswmcreoriplJon—"Toihe ui uuuui AvnaL lo ao with it. Henan ui&uwn; preferences; but this was a public matter, and be felt that on officer's private notions sliould not influence lus official action. lie accordingly called a council of, his staff, and there was among them a long debate as to who was the chief poet of France. Finally, it was decided that the letter should be sent to the Hue de 1 UniversiM, where lived M. Lamartine. So the letter was sent to Lamartine. He looked at the address, and hastily called back to the carrier. " You've made a mistake," he said;" this letter isn't for me. Take it to M. Victor Hugo, Place Royale." The carrier wrote, "Refused, Rue de I'Oniversitd," on the envelope, and had it sent to Victor Hugo, who had 110 sooner read the superscription than he exclaimed; —"You have come to the wrong house, carrier. This letter is for M. Lnmartine." The carrier wrote, "Return to Rue de VUniveraitd "on the envelope,and sent it back to Lamartine, who started it once more in its journey to the Place Royale. After the letter had mode several of these trips back wards and forwards, and the envelope had become badly worn, the postmaster used his discretion to open it, to see if the letter itself would suppy the key. He found within the following communicationTo the Greatest Poet of France, Monsieur Moot,, Manufac turer of Champagne Wines, with my most respectful regards." It was signed with the name of a Russian prince A Joking Actor.—Among the well-remem bered characters of my dramatic life (writes Joseph Jefferson in his reminiscences) was an_ actor named Salisbury. Life was one huge joke to himhe treated nothing ISeriously. He was the delight of actors and the bane of managers. It is related of him .that he once sent a telegram to Mr. Rice, of the Chicago Theatre, applying for an engagement. The manager sent back this answer" I would not engage you if you woukl come for nothing," to which Salisbury repljed " Terjns accepted. Will be with you to- morrow." This man's memory was so wonder ful that it .was almost impossible to ask him a question without getting a Shaksitearian quotation in reply. If he was imperfect in Ins part, which was generally tho ease, he would interpolate sjreeches from outer characters, talking the most absurd non sense, and turning a serious scene into ridicule. . . . One morning the poor old laundress was dunning him for her hara earnings. He was standing at the stage door surrounded by a circle of admirers, and, turning furiously upon the old woman, he paraphrased Maebeth's speech to the ghost of Banquo in the fol lowing words" A vaunt, and quit my sight. Thy tubs ore marrowless; there is no starch in my fine shirts that thou dost glare withal. Approach thou like the Russian manager, the llyrcan critic, or the old rye whisky-us; or, be niivc "again and make it salary day. If trembling, then, I do inhibit thee, con fess me but a babe of a Salisbury." The laundress fled in despair, only-too glad to escape unpaid from the supposed lunatic. Audiences of One.—A sailor who had just come into port with a full pocket ]>aid Stephen Kcmble £30 to have a performance of " Henry IV." all to himself, with Kemhle as " the old boy with the round forecastle, built like a Dutch lugger, aud lurch ing like a Spanish galleon in a heavy sea." He chose the music to be played by way of overture, saw the play through, and gave vigorous expression to his appreciation of the Falstaff of the occasion. Mr. J. C. Foster, on American manager, taking his ease at his inn in Bucjtub, Ohio, was aroused by a stranger entering the room, playbill in hand, and accosting hiiu with, " You play ' Richard 111.' to-night. Now' I hare never had an opportunity of seeing it, and, unfortunately, I must leAve town this evening. How much money would induce you to play ' Richard III.' for me this afternoon?' Thinking "his visitor was joking, Foster said he would do it for 25 dollars, " And how much for' The Rough Diamond ' as well?' " Ten dollars," quoth tire amused manager. He did not know whether he was amused or vexed when the stranger planked down 35 dollars, with the remark that the performance must commence at 2 o'clock sharp, and took Msleave, Upon telling the company the bargain lie had concluded, the notion of playing Shakspcare's tragedy to one man so tickled their fancy that they at'once consented. Two o'clock came and with it the audience. Choosing the best position in the hall, and placing his feet ujion the (rack of the seat before him, he settled down to enjoy the tragedy, applauding heartily, and at the conclu sion calling the ltichard before tlio curtain. Then the farce was gone through with equal success, and the delighted audicnoe left in time to catch the 0.45 -Chambers's Journal. 