HOW TO REMEMBER. Thk American Grooer giveB the follow ing advioe, whioh every young man will do well to remember : — A Buocessful business man sayB. there were two things he learned when he was eighteen, which ever after were . of great use to him, namely never to lose anything, and nevor to forget anything. An old lawyer sent him with an important paper, with instructions what to do with it. ' But,' inquired the yonng man, ' suppose I lose it ; what shall I do then ? ' ' You must not lose it.' ' I don't mean to,' said the youug man ; but suppose I happen to ?' ' But you muBt not happen to. 1 malto no provision for such ; you must not lose it.' This put a new train of thought into the young man's mind ; and he found that when he was determined to do a thing he oould do it. He made such provision against every oontingenoy that he never lost anything. Ho found thisequally true about forgetting, [ If a matter of importance were to be remembered, he pinned it dowu on bis miud, fastened it there, and made it stay. He UBed to say, ' When a man tells mo that he forgot to do something, I tell him he might have said, * I do not oare enough lot your business to take the trouble to think about it again.' ' I onoe bad an intelligent young man in my employment who deemed it sufficient excuse for neglecting any task to uay ' I forgot it.' I told him that would not,, answer. If be were sufficiently interested he would be oareful to remember. It was because he did not oare enough that be forgot. I drilled him with this truth. He worked for me three years, and during the last be was utterly obanged. . He did not forget a thing. His forgetting he' found was a lazy, careless habit of mind, whioh ho cured. A Smuggling Feat. — Chicago ad vices say that an adventuress, best known as Mrs. Olivia Ysncy, though she has appeared under numerous aliases, is wanted by tbe police in that | city, having disappeared witb dia ujonda to the value of 80,000dol. which she had smuggled, and upon j whioh dealers in Chicago had advanced 10,000dol. Mrs. Yanoy's method of smuggling was the most novel on reoord. She was a lady of striking appearance, being always dressed in deep mourning, while her pale hand some faoe and white hair made an unusual oontrast to her sable gown. In the spring of last yoar she landed in New York with a Mongolian hold ing a grey pelican by a light gold obain. As Mrs. Yanoy was appar ently a lady of wealth nothing was thought of her strange pet and its keeper, and as pelicans are not upon tbe tariff-lists she was allowed to pasB. Sinoe that time tbe lady has orossed tbe Atlautio many times, and always carried her pelican with her. Ou Tuesday last Bhe arrived as usual witb tbe bird, and, having passed the un suspicious ouBtomB officials, called a oarriage and drove away. Since then Bhe has not been heard from. It now appears that Mrs. Yanoy was a diamond smuggler, and that tbe precious stones sbe brought into the country upon eaoh trip wereaonoealed in the enormous bill of tbe pelioan. On October 6tb tbe bird oarried 80,000dol. worth of diamonds, being a portion of an order of a Chicago house through a firm of New York importers who claim to have been ignorant of the manner in whioh tbe stones were brought into the country. The Chicago house had advanoed 10,000dol. upon tbe diamonds, and wera to have paid tbe remaining 20,000dol. on delivery. The police are now aotively searching for the lady and her pelican. The Looo Weed. — It is reported that tbe looo weed has found its way to Australia from America. The -looo weed is to vegetation what the rattle snake is to animal life. The nam6 oomes from* the Spanish and signifies insanity. It is a dusky green and grows in small bunohes, and soatters itself in a sparse and meagre way about the oountry- It is a sort of vegetable nomad and travels abont not a little.. Localities where it this season flourishes in abundance may not Bee any of it next year, nor indeed for a number of years to come. The prime property of the looo is to pro :duoe, insanity iu men and animals who partake of it. Animals— mules, horses, sbeejp, and cattle— avoid.it naturally and under ordinary .oiroumstanoea never touoh it. But in the winter, when an inoh or two -of snow has oovered tbe green grasses, these green buneheB.of loco standing clear above the snow are tempting bails to animals. .Even then, it is not oom mon for . them to eat it. Still some do and it at .onoe creates an appetite in the victim similar in its intense fproe to the aloohol habit in mankind. Onoe started on the downward path of looo, a 'mule will abandon all other kinds of feed and.lpok fpr it. In a «kprt time its effpets become perfectly apparent. You will see a locoed mule standing out in the shadowless plains, with, not a living moying thing in hie yioinity. .His head is . drooping and . his eyes half plosed. On , the instant he will ' kick and, thrust .out his: heels in the most warlike way. ..Under the inflnpnoe of loop he .? sees himself surrounded liy multitudes of threaten-, ing ghosts and isrepeUing tbem. The. mind of the animal is completely gone.. He cannot be driven or worked beoauee of hisntterlaok ofreason.— Exohange, : Dr. Keneen~' We pbysioians can't encourage business as you tea-dealers ban, by offering presents to every buyer of tea.' Sittings (the tea dealer^ — ' Oh, I don't know. Yoa might offer a cemetery lot or -a rose wood ooffin to. every patient who buys £10 worth of medical advioe.' : 'Dootor— ' Well, how do you feel to- day?' Patient—' I feel as' if I had been dead a week. Doctor— ' Hot^-eh ?' A'Great Drawback.— Every eilver lining lilts its aloud. . You' can't earn a half-dollar without working for it. ' ' This bank .has toppled over as I lsared,'itR#alald.'! ':'v. Avhirt was Ibe. raise.?' ' It loit iti'biUnoe/' ' 