MISCELLANY OF NEWS. Dismantling Millbank Prison.— Millbank prison is at last to be swept away. It will take a great deal of sweeping to do it. Tho portion of it above ground presents an amazing mass of building, and in its early days it used to bo said that there was moro of it bolow ground than there was above. It is only about 75 years ago that it was finished and first occupied, but the ground it stands on was at that time a kind of oozy swamp, and enormous masses of ooncreto had , to be sunk in it for tho foundations. With all their concrete, however, they couldn't mako it vory secure. The first completed portion of it had not been occupied three months before tho governor was called out of bed at 6 o'clock in tho morning to como and see what in tho world was the matter with tho cell doors. The fact was tlio foundations had gone down a little deeper in tho swamp, and nil tho doors were jammed fast, and couldn't be opened. Thoro was a- great panic in the gaol, and some of tho peoplo went into fits. To tliia day tlio prison presents uumistakablo evidences of tho subsi dence of its foundations, though the drainage of the soil and tho embanking out' of tlio river havo quite altered the character of tho site it occupies. One at least of ita queer angle turrets is rent quite away from the wall it belongs to. Long before it was all finished more than One portion of it had to bo pulled down.- There are about 1000 cells in tho plncc, and what with the jobbery in connection with tho purchase of the land from the Marquis of Salisbury, tho extraor dinary nature of tho work bolow tho ground level, and tho pulling down and rebuilding, it has been computed that overy cell in tho place cost £500. "Millbank," says Major Griffiths, who was onoo deputy-governor, " is suggestive of an order thnt is past. It is one £ mens of an age to which Newgate n? ?' ,6P«i- I a period when the safe custodv- ir ?lon2s! I could bo compassed, people thought ?iMlj 1 granite blocks and ponderous bo ts Lit It is empty now, and all its fittings I monts that are good for anything -Wmnl" I out imd taken away to t c'nS tm In its deserted and diamantlrf tomlit!? famous prison — tho vorv emu ? 1 tho spirit of an ago of retormaflnn nt of I and gone, though" there ar mewY?'' who can look back over the whole of S"8 is a most impressive though torriblv 1 'iT and gloomy placo for a rambla rh! 18 said to bo tiiree miles rf staire.?8 passages and i galleries about t!,c £. Y long linos. of. vacant, silent cells 'SW' I ponderous iron doors, nnd hcavllv I 5 windows looking down into deserted ewd grounds, with their concentric ring, worn a8 weary years of dismal and monotonous tLt ' jng; its black twilight, stony n,«aV. ?' huge pilos of old iron, nnd of utensiu J sort nnd another, that have been overhiulrf sis condemned to bo carted awav it, 1, ""J dilapidated furniture, nnd staiks of uiarfk bJb and meagre mattresses stamped all over S tliokroad arrow; its two chapels, abandoned ' dust and rum; and the general nino.amZ If gutting nnd .wreck nnd desolation nlSs ? "tr"'8? buildi»S. now standing fn the heart of London, one of the most uncannv places imaginable for a foggy afternoon's rsrnM? It ib a vast mine of building materials, and as to the paying atones that will ho got out of H it will be a vontablo quarry. Every portion of the prison is paved with stone-all the galleries and cclla and krtchena and laundries and worl- rooms.'nud oven tho infirmaries, all are navel In one of the infirmary wards, by tlio way, at the time the prisoners were cleared out. there lay a poor wretch who was too ill to bier re moyal, and for weeks afterwards lie lay un in a dismal corner bore nil by himself— attenilcd of course, but the: only prisoner in this vast fabric, in tho midst of 28 acres of ground a thousand empty cells nnd n network of 3 miles of echoing galleries and corridors for the wind to whistlo tnrongh and ghosts to squeal and nr-mf " Lookci1 at from tire outside Millbank prison appears to be a very simply con- structcd establishment. As you wander ahout its interior it gives tho impression of a marvel. Iotisly intricate anil bewildoring structure To inspect the whole plnco it is necessary to un. look not less than -100 doors — irrespective of course, of any of tlio cell, the visi' tor may be shown into. Major Griffiths says There was one old warder who served for years at Millbank, nnd rose through all the grades to a position of trust, who was yet unable, to the lost, to find his way about 'ho premises. He carried with him always a piece of chalk, with which "he 'blazed' his path as docs tho American backwoodsman tlio forest trees." Yet tho general plan of tho prison is simple. At tho centre of the 28 acres is tho Protestant chapel, a largo circular building, just now looking curiously desolate and dreary. The fine old organ, said to be 200 years old, is taken away to tho new chapel at "the Bcrnbbs," out the place is otherwise undis turbed. It may be capable of holding perhaps 800'or 1000 peoplo, "anil," says the warder left in charge of the placo, "a better behaved, moro orderly congregation you wouldn't find in any churoh in London." Ho had been there fire years, and does not remember a single instance ot n prisoner having to bo removed during service for misbehavior. Tho officers havo often said among themselves that the congregation would be a credit to nny church outside. The place is now abandoned to cobwebs and dust, but the spiked rails and the aeata for armed officers raised 'abovo the heads of tho worshippers speak eloquently of the class for whom the chapel was designed. It is interesting to halt for a few moments in this heart of Millbank, and rumi nate on the early days of this reformatory movement, when it used to be a customary thing with everybody who had nny connec tion with the penitentiary to bring their friends, nnd hare the prisoners put through their educational and religious exercises for their entortninmcnt. Outside tho chnpel thoro is a hexagonal space enclosed by buildings which comprise governor's and officers' quarters, prison offices, kitchen laundries and so forth. Radiating from this hexagonal block as a centre are six " pentagons "-five-sided plots of exerciso grounds surrounded by blocks of cells in three tiers. One might wander about the placo from morning till night and never go over tho same ground tivico ; hut of course or.e pentagon is very like another, nnd a compara tively short ramble is sufficient to afford a pretty accurate idea of the whole prison.— Jkitfy A lews. ' Precautions against Pirates.— Since tho attaok of pirates took place on board theh'amoa just outside Hong Kong some of tho steamers ia the China trade have undergone certain improve ments in the lino of their armament. lingo iron gratings are let down over the gangway which communicates with tho 'tween decks where tho Chinese are carried. This precaution ia taken directly the vessel casts off from tho wharf at Hong ICong, bound to Macao, and Win chester rifles, revolvers nnd cutlasses aro placed hero and there about the vessels, as the repoi. states, " ready for immediate use." An idea of tbo precautions which are being taken will bo best obtained from an account which says : To mako assurance doubly smo a SInlay quarter master, with a loaded revolver and cutlass, was posted at tho grating with ordors to shoot, on sight,' nny man who presented a revolver or knife eithor at him or nnyone of tlio passengers, or who attempted to foroo A passage to tho main deck of the steamer. After a while, tho titan hell rang, and tho captain, his passengers, anu tho chief engiueer took their scats at the saloon table, much as was dono on board the liaples3 Naraoa on tho ill -fated 10th of December last, just prior to tho piratical coup. Hardly nan they seated themselves when quartermasters, armed with "Winchesters and revolvers, mauo their appearance at the port and starboard doe ways, while a third watchman patrolled tn break of the bridge. Tlieao men remained o duty until tiffin was over, and then they w j drew to their stations further aft, where tu y kept n close watch on tlio second nnd tlnru v ', native passengers until tho steamer arn atongsido tho wharf at Macao." , Tho Daily Telegraph remarks that Lonuon to York by Road" sounds liko the echo of Pica Turpin's famous lide, but it is nevcrtuele. project which certain coaching men, wita Ernest Fownes at their bead, are P'0"®"?,-, carry on during May, June, July .and pc Pf August of the present year. To coraple , undertaking no less thnn 100 horses vou required to work the 20 stages into whieu proposed to divide tlio Great Lortb-ri ' ' # journey being accomplished in 'w con . days of 12 hours oaclr, with a lmlt forT'' . ,tr, at some half way. town-possibly Tho distance from London to kork is i » . nnd, if only by reason of its novelty," the scheme will, no doubt, ox enthusiasm and curiosity among others knights of the whip. 