1 : ' 'A FAIR ENEMY. ^ 1'' CHAPTER IV. — (Continued.) Pain '.Vvould 'Kitty have had Miss Dan vors'go in and see her mother, and stay !? J! 'to 'afternoon tea, but the latter shrank T'from running any unnecessary risk and v therofoi'o firmly declined tho invitation, but- she promised to come over at some '\'':,;ifuture time, and bade Kitty come in to !?; ./' lunch at tho Towers whenever she felt V so inclined. -?i}' ' It will not be so awkward for you to run m now that I am thoro to clmperone you,' she said, with a smile 1(1 l'obbed the sentence of any jlj^attempt at dictating j aud Kitty laughed anS bado her, good-bye, firmly resolved to' befriend by all means in her power Bi!Juttl)is; «n'd-eyed woman, whose life had V0 lfl'evidently be(3n one of more than ordinary ? suffering and sorrow. . If' ii /. 'iiMeanwhile, during her homeward drive, Miss Danvers was full of conjec .'.ture about Kitty, wondering if Michael intended to marry her, whether there ?0 Was ??any' member of her family who ?'would be likely to discovor Patricia rj Daveiiant, and write and tell Lady H^eimsleigh, Lastly, there was the . awful.thought of this evening's ordeal, t EKipWien she must try the ett'ect of her dis -D .gUisejiipon the only person in the world m e 'capable of exposing the fraud then and ?V7' .there. □j..,., 'I. would have gone to Mr. Rawnesly 'and told him all, begging him not to betray mie, if I had known it in time,' Bs(ie' mused. ' I never calculated upon liis1 coming to the Towers so soon. t Well — well, I must summon all my ceur ,Les agc and aplomb, to my aid, ;and dare him to his face to recognise me. This danger rinr:'past,'iall will go well, for if tlie vicar fails to find me out, I shall be quite sure nobody else will, except Lady Helmsleigh, but before she. comes I shall be more used to. my ro?c, and besides shall have made some money, and therefore the Uahi-.cxposc won't matter so much.' . uolihC' The ''dinner goug was sounding with ,uloa sonorous claiig through the house when, t- ^ Jike .a pale ghest, Miss Danvers glided .?^downstairs .this evening. I hc.'U She had reached the hall, and was about to enter the drawing-room, when . , she, heard, her name called, and turned ^''to .find her employer standing at his jjiiy, study, door. ;sC[ 20'! ,'^WoBld you mind coming here a moment?' he said, in his usual courteous iph.es, . 'I want to show Mr. liawnesly wliatijwe settled upon this morning, and d^QjoUihave the key of your drawer.' He went back into the room, and Mis» A*'1* Danverf, ' waiting only to get the key; out ? - of her pocket, quickly followed. The 3.' lLI .%'wo ''gentlemen stood by the centre table with 'their backs towards her, and did not hear her soft footfall as she entered. L^I'-She had, therefore, time to recover her-; , . .self, and' take stock of Mr. Rawncsley's ,v whitejiair and tall, bent form ere she B7;otpuched Michael 011 the arm, saying— ' Here is- the key. Shall I get out the manuscripts 'for you ?' . p(l: iTlie, vicar started, and looked about him. . 'IS/If B«.patncia's voice 1' he | exclaimed. ' ?Bless'-'in'y soul — my dear child I ^/Why^'.., ( i , oi !iini'v^,e4 jiweyps'ligJit^d upoii the black ivu„vrohed form, the smooth grey hair under ,(ooiuthe.closo cap, the gold-rimmed spectacles, and mittened hands of his host's house j^.keeper, and amazement rendered him dumb. ' 'Bless my soul 1' lie said again at s last, when . speech returned. ' I- — I (couid have declared I heard Patricia's yoice just then.' son) Bujif. Patricia? What, my cousin, Patri6ia!Datenant ?' and Michael, his astqnishment giving place to mirth, bur'st'put] laiighiug. ' Why, vicar, this ?0-Qlady. is Miss Danvers, who I told you had kindly come to help me with my ' Ah'l how do you do, Miss Danvers? Glad to seex you-liere, and to know that f2lmy friend Michael has so clever a coad jutor.'^ Do- you know your voice i»-. . .(-[xqind^-'ine;p£ a.detir.'girl who was my .jjupil iii this very room, .and whom I '' would give half my income to see beside .met' again /at this present moment? Stnuige,'' lie uiiirmured, tossing back his ci -'i siiow-w'hite hair with the old gesture Patricia remembered so,, well — '-' strange J''''tliat the sound of a. voice should so have j.moved mo, V',I. could have sworn Patricia , jjii Dayenant was here in this room a moment ago.' . .. '??It must have been her ghost, vicar. ,.T3 'IJaseure you slie; is not anywhere here — ?yl-'.wish she wore. I wish tUey both were, '~'T'jpp'pr girls I, Hut see, we talk of ghosts '-and* Voice's till Miss Danvers is pale with ,( )r,,fear. ' ;C6mc) We will go into dinner, and 'jjy^rjsee-j; these 1 papers after. Edwardes is . looking'daggers at me. Allow me, Miss -'CirrDanvers.' ; Michael offered her his arm with the 'stately courtesy which sat so well upon Uiiiil arid the three filed off towards the -J(I'ldifting-rbom. ;;j;bB ,- ^Many times during the relays of courses did Miss Danvers catch Mr. . ,3Rawnesley's eyes fixed upon her with ^earnest, perplexed scrutiny, and how she (j JIOmanaged to get through , the meal under \- their gaze she never could afterwards ? jinitell. ; ' : She sat silent and demure, Scarcely daring to look up from her plate or to open, her lips for fear of 'drawing down e upon;, .herself .that, full, enquiring gaze whicii, in days gone by had been wont to extort unwilling confessions of faults from her lips, and made verbal reproofs [ is; yinneeessary. ,T 1 . .Mr.TRawnesley had, however, no ink ling bf the truth. A kind-hearted man 1P himself, the sorrows of others ; were ljis ft-)01;pwni 'arid' he had made; up-! his ...mind, o'i ^ibefore.-he had been in Miss Danvers' company an hour that she had a secret i-'.'i! ; trouble, and that it .was his duty to try and alleviate it for her by every means |u bis pows*. 1 s*. 'Well, you have lighted upon a strange boing,' was his parting remark to his host that night. ' I cannot make that woman out. Her playing is some thing wonderful. I never heard anyone equal her — except Patricia !' CHAPTER Y. Miss Dnnvors soon begnn to sottle down in her novel position nt the Towers, und to find her time pass quickly and smoothly away j the daily routine being unvaried, save for the occasional dropping in to dinner, or foi 11 giimo of whist, of Mr. IlelniHloigh's more intimate fiiends in the neighbour hood, chief among whom wns the vicar, a very frequent visitor, and those daily afternoon drives, which were the delight of her life. July and August had passed away, and now golden September bad come. ' I have a letter from my mother, Miss Danvers,' Michael said, ono morn ing at breakfast. ' Sho and my father want to come back to England for October, and they suggest coming here to mo, tho climate boing warmer for my father in his present stnto of health ; nnd my mother finding it easier to leave him whilo she goes backwards and fore wards in London upon the business (something connected with some house property, I' believe) which is bringing them home. We must havn the suite of apartments in tho south wing pre pared for them. Have thoy been opened lately ?' ' Yes,' was the reply ; ' I went through them yesterday.' ' Ah, thanks. Then wo will have the carpets put down, and (ires lighted. They haven't been used for nearly two years now. May I ask you to see to it ?' rising as he spoke, and standing tall and straight before her. Miss Danvers rose to. Ho noticed that her face was pale as death, and that the hands holding the key- basket trembled till its contents rattled again. 'I will have everything ready,' she replied, in a low voice. 'When — when do they come ?'» 'Oh, the twenty-ninth of this month. By-the-bye, I havo some friends for the pheasant shooting coming about the same time. And my mother is bringing a Miss MacArthur with her, a *'ery rich heiress — friend of Kitty's. We must ask Kitty, too, I think, to liven us up a bit.' Mr. Helmsleigh laughed as he spoke, and stood reading his mother's letter, leaning one arm upon the mantel- shelf, with his back to Miss Danvers, who made no answer. Suddenly a slight sound attracted his Attention and caused him to turn hastily round, when he beheld Miss Danvers, with both hands held out in a sort \ of blind gropinp for support, sway forward, and tlie next instant she would have fallen to the ground at his feet, but with, a bound he had reached her side and caught her in his nrms. Lifting her slight form as though she had been a baby, Michael carried lier to the sofa, and was about to. summon: assistance wh^n she suddenly opened her eyes. 'I— I — Il6w silly of me,' she ex claimed, and with the faint tinge of rose color in her cheeks as she caught Right of her employer's concerned face, came the'Ioveliest ghost of a smile he had ever seen. 'I lmd a headache this morning, and the — the flowers on the table made me faint. I am all right again, now,' trying to rise. ' Now, Miss Danvers ' — Michael sud denly laid his hand on hers, noting how she shrank away from his touch. 'You are going to remain here quietly for half an-hour, and then I shall send you out for a walk in the shade. You have been writing too much lately, and I can't have 'you knock yourself up for me,' — smiling. 'But — biit, Mr. Helmsleigh, I must get this chapter done — ' 'If you touch that or any other chapter to-day, I'll pitch them in the fire,' was the prompt rejoinder. ' Now, Mis3 Danvers, take my advice and stay here and resit, then go for a little walk, and'this afternoon I will drive you over to see Dacre's Castle, as I promised you. You will work all the better to-morrow for a day's rest, I feel sure.' He stood looking at her a. moment, perhaps hoping that the smile 'might como again, but Miss Danver's face had resumed its usual pallid rigidity as she sank back among the soft cushions ; and so, without another word, he gathered up his letters and left the room. ' Fool ?' murmured Patricia, as the door closed behind him, ' to faint like that,' because you fear her- ladyship come ing here and finding you out ! Where is your boasted courage,' and the, daunt less strength of will which has carried, you along so successfully ? Nowhere ?' She rose, and began pacing the room, her brain in a whirl. ' Why did I ever come?'; she sighed. ' Why did I risk the shame of being found out by her ? She hates me, and will make tlie most. of my escapade. She will say that I — Oh I no, no' I She sank upon the sofa again, and covering her face with her hands, sobbed aloud. ? ' Why has he been so kind to me that I cannot hate him any longer, and that the pleasure I felt in deceiving him has turned to gall ? Why have I found out what he really is- — so noble-hearted, generous, and honorable — -the soul of integrity and uprightness ? [ What will he think of me when ho knows ? But I must get away. I must make some excuse.' , The sound of footsteps startled her. She took off her -spectacles, wiped her eyes, and had scarcely replaced them, when the door opened and the cook camo in. Master said as you felt poorly this morning, ma'am,' she began, looking pitifully at Miss Danvers' white cheek and red eyes; .'I made so bold as to come and ask if I could do anything for 1 you.' | Miss Danvers rose and took up her key-basket. ' Thank you cook, you aro vory kind,' sho answered, with her sweet smile ; ' but I am hotter now. ' I had a bad night last night, nouralgia in my face, and the flowers on tho tablo'made me feel faint.' 'Aye ! very liko, ma'am. As I always say, llowers is like pastry — a little of 'em goes a long way ; and tho more delicater they be, the moro faint-like they smells. Give 1110 a good whole some bit 0' lavender, it's worth all your exotics. But hadn't you bettor havo a drop of soup, ma'am, or a bit of jelly ?' ' No, 110, thanics. I shall go out for a walk. I think the air will revive me. But you may givo ine some of tho soup and jelly for poor old Mrs. Cousins, if you will.' ' Why, yes, ma'am,, of courso ; but don't you go for to spend this lovely day in Mrs. Cousin's stufly , cottage — that won't do 110 good !' Half-an-hour afterwards Miss Dan vers, her errand of mercy accomplished, betook herself homowards by way of the woods which skirted tho village, and led by a circuitous route to the grounds at tho back of the Towers. Divesting herself of cloak and spec tacles, for the day was warm, and her glasses were her one great abomination, Patricia walked slowly along, debating within herself how she could best break the news to her employer that she wished to resign her engagement. It would be a groat wronch, for her present life wns h.ippior than it had ever been her step-father died, and she would be obliged to look about for another situa tion, all alone, and perhaps never find one to suit her ; certainly sho would not get another like the present. Miss Danvers was no nearer deciding upon her course of action when she reached the end of the wood than she had been when she entered it ; and now suddenly her cogitations were entirely put to flight at sight of her employer himself, seated 011 the stilo leading into his proporty, and engaged in earnest conversation with no less a person than Crazy Nan Duckworth. There was no avoiding them, even by turning back, for Michael at once caught sight of her. (To be Continued,) 