How we went to the Murtabadgery Show. A STORY FROM THE « BUSH.' THAT we were all going had been finally decided on ; but how we were to go was quite a different matter. "We lived seventeen miles from Murtabadgery, and the roads had been in such a dreadful condition since the rain that no vehicle, save that of a foolhardy American book agent, had ventured over them ; and he had gone back to his own country another way. So we sat round the huge open fire- place, and gazed at the glowing logs, seeking therein an inspiration that would solve the problem. En parenthèse I may say that it was in the middle of summer, so that the fire was an absurdity ; but the professor had begged for it on the score of cheerfulness, and as every window was open, the heat went mostly up the 'We were a quaint-looking cavalcade when we started. Jim and McGaw, perched on their enormous steeds, looked like a couple of-monkeys, while Cheshurst trotted alongside on a little brown mare.'1 chimney. There were no other lights in the room. The girls had been telling ghost stories, till, by the light of the flames, I could see that young Cheshurst was growing as white as a sheet, and it was time to put a stop to it. Ches., a four- teen-year-old midshipman, was plucky enough in most things, but extraordinarily superstitious, in spite of his ' man-of- the world' airs. He was an impudent young beggar, and a way he had of rolling his eyes in a languishing manner at my pretty sister, and a prettier cousin, Kate, and of paying them exaggerated compli- ments, appeared to afford him the liveliest satisfaction, and them much amusement. The two girls sat on a sofa, forming the starting point of our circle. They looked as pretty as pictures. The professor called them the White Queen and the Queen of the Night, and made many complimentary quotations about them, which I wish T had remembered, as I might have used them here. He was out from home on leave of absence from one of the big universities, and had brought letters of introduction to my people in Sydney. He was good-looking and young, and had professor written all over him in the way he sat, and wore his spectacles ; or in making the most commonplace remark ; though, by the way, he was seldom commonplace. As I watched him, the red firelight was reflected on his glasses in a way that gave him an awful expression. My young brother Jim nudged me to look at it. Jim was a snub-nosed, riotous, and disorderly school-boy ¿ up at the station for his holidays, and he and his familiar spirit, a boy named McGaw, with a distressing Scotch accent, kept the place pretty lively. Usually it would have been a simple matter to mount seven people 5 but my three best hacks had been despatched that day to Murtabadgery, to be fresh for the eyes of the judges on the morrow, and it was difficult to muster the number of rideable nags from what remained. Jim, with the calm confidence of youth, told me not to bother about him and McGaw, as they were quite prepared to ride any of the unbroken two-year-olds in the big paddock. At last the professor made the only feasible suggestion. ' Why,' said he; peering at me with his s h o r t - sighted brown eves while the fírelight^danced on his glasses in* a way to make one shudder, 1 Why not ride the two horses which I see o very morning beneath my window ? ' * The cart-horses ? ' I queried. ' Of course, me and McUaw 'll rid o 'em old boy j we'll guarantee to stick to 'em once you get us up there,' chimed in the irrepressible Jim. The steeds in question were a couple of light New Zealand draught horses I had lately bought. The men had christened them Jumbo and Mount Morgan, on account of their enormous size j but they were quiet enough in harness, and it seemed the only plan to be followed. The boys would get plenty of fun out of it, and if they were pretty stiff next day, why that would soon wear off. So thus it was decided. We made an early start next morning, in order, as much as possible, to avoid the heat. Breakfast was rather a ' sketchy ' meal. The three boys came down very late ; but were successful in making up for lost time. From certain remarks, intro- duced as comments between the porridge and chops, and chops and scones, I gathered that the schoolboys had been playing some joke, off on their friend, probably shamming ghost ; but the mid- shipman was used to chaff, and knew how to give back as good as he got. We were a quaint-looking cavalcade when we started. Jim and McGaw, perched on their enormous steeds, looked like a couple of monkeys ; while Cheshurst trotted alongside on a little brown mare. Jim commenced to use a whip, and waa nearly frightened out of his life by Mount Morgan rearing till he was almost perpendicular. This had a steadying effect upon the trio. Next came my sister on her own spirited chestnut, and the professor on an old stock horse. The intelligent beast knew in a minute that it had a new chum on its back ; it had a peculiar gait and a special selection of tricks for the benefit of such equestrians as the professor. I should, have put him on some other horse, but the only really quiet hack on the place I had to reserve for my cousin Kate, who was learning to ride under my tuition. Behind us, on a couple of half- broken colts, rode my two blackboys. To say that they were highly amused at the whole proceeding, but dimly expresses the desperate state of merriment which kept them bubbling over with laughter till they could hardly keep their saddles. As we cantered across the dewy paddocks a couple of laughing jack- asses saluted us from a neighbouring tree with a derisive guffaw. I could see the prof essor j ump from where I was, he never seemed to get used to those birds. His horse seized the opportunity to pigjump it was only its fun ; but it very nearly unseated the professor. Cantering over the low grassy hills, with the wind laugh , ing in our faces, and the sun at our backs, there was something so exhilarating, so intoxicating, in the freshness of every- thing, that the veriest misanthrope might have joined in the spirit of the thing, and laughed for the joy of being alive on such a morning. Presently we began to ascend the moun- tain which lay between us and our destination. Already we were glad of the shelter from the sun afforded us by the giant trees (ironbarks, mountain oaks, and blue gums), which intertwined their branches overhead. Chattering parroquets skylarked from tree to tree, dainty bhie wrens flirted amongst the burra wonga* which grew in profusion everj'where ; their handsome green and scarlet fruit affording ample food for the opossums, whose scratched tracks could be seen on the bark of most of the trees. Twice we were roused to excitement by a small herd of kangaroos crossing our path ; and the black boys killed a snake, which their sharp eyes had detected in a hollow log. These are trifling things to record, but riding through miles of uninhabited bush is like being at sea, where one learns to take a ridiculous interest in porpoises and flying tish, and frenzied delight in a shark. The road was terribly cut up by the rain ; small cartruts had become ditches, and roots and stones washed bare all over the place ; but our horses were dainty as cats in placing their feet, and found their own track where a city horse would have stumbled hopelessly. However, as we emerged on to the plateau the road improved, and we were able to canter once * Zamia palms. more, until we began to descend the mountain. By this time we had .fallen in with other holiday-makers, whose roads had joined ours. We passed three generations of one family at different partt of the road. First, the grandmother and her spouse. The former jogged along on an old gray horse ; she wore her coal-scuttle bonnet tied under her chin, and an ancient Paisley shawl round her shoulders ; while her husband was attired in the suit he was married in, and a tie of the latest and loudest description. They smiled a genial < Good-day ' to us as we passed them ; and, to all intents and purposes, were as young and light-hearted as the next generations, to whom we soon caught up. Place aux dames-the wife was a comely, apple cheeked matron, with a much be-ribboned hat of mushroom tendencies, from which floated gaily a sea-green veil. On her knees she carried a three-year-old baby, contentedly enduring the jolting of the journej" ; while a child, some two years its senior, sat astride the horse's neck in front of his father, a bushy-bearded, sunburnt countryman of the true Australian type. Still further on we passed other members of the family, beginning at the young man of eighteen, with gaudy raiment and incipient moustache, who ' showed off ' on his rakish-looking colt for our especial benefit, down to the sheep-faced little girl of ten, who very dexterously rode sideways on a man's saddle. Arrived at the foot of the mountain we struck the main road, alive with traffic which had but one direction. Carts, buggies, tray-waggons, coaches, even drays took part in the jubilant procession ; and every vehicle was crammed to its utmost capacity with holiday-makers of all ages. It seemed to me that there was a wonderful family likeness between all the country folk we saw ; perhaps it lay chiefly in the common expression, at once self-conscious, in that they were uncomfortably conscious of wearing their best clothes ; and happy j in that, as true Australians they loved to make holiday. Presently a well-appointed single buggy dashed past, containing the sporting doctor from the next district, and a froth bespattered tandem tooled by Pengilliot (son of the member for our electorate) filled every heart with envy. It was worth something to see the young bushman handle his spirited horses along that crowded road. Bowing from right to left, with a cheery greeting for evèrybody, and a chaffing remark to Jim on the size of his pony, he yet steered his team as success- fully as if they had been the veriest old stagers that ever trotted on blue metal. We were a fairly large contingent ourselves by this time, having absorbed into our ranks various equestrian parties from surrounding stations. As we cantered into the town, in three rows, twelve abreast, according to custom, it was comical to see Jim and McGaw thundering along in the centre of the squad, a head and shoulders taller than the others. In front of the two hotels, whose verandahs were filled to overflowing, stood close rows of horses, hung up to the posts and rails put there for the purpose ; while to every telegraph post, verandah, and piece ot fencing were attached carts and harness, with usually a dog in charge ol each lot. Dogs were rather a feature of the scene. In the bars, across the roads up and down the footpaths, fought, barked and tumbled the township dogs with thi dogs of the district. Truly, it was a greal day for Murtabadgery. Presently a breath- less horseman dashed up the street wit! the news that the Governor and Mr Pengilliot would be at the show grounc in a quarter of an hour. In the twinkling of an eye horses were unhitched, rideri mounted, and the whole populatioi poured out to. the Agricultural Grounc recently granted by a kindly Government A quaintly irregular bodyguard formet inside the great gateway, awaited th< coming of the most beloved of G o vernon and our popular member. And not long bad we to wait. With a cheery root-i toot-toot of the horn, and a flash o glistening wheels, silver-mounted harness and satin-coated bays, the Pengilliot dra< swept gaily up the avenue of applauding constituents, followed by another four-in hand brake containing the dignitaries o Murtabadgery- clerical, judicial, an< municipal. There was a little speechify mg, fortunately cut short by the goo« sense of our member, and the Governo made his terse little reply, very much t< the point ; and the show was declared open. I had a look round at the horses ; but the judging of the hacks was not finished, and we were hungry enough to experience a thrill of pleasure as we were bidden to the alfresco meal which awaited us under the shadow of feathery wattle trees in the corner of the grounds. It was a combined luncheon party, arranged by my sister, with some of her friends, and it was a marked success. The professor was in ecstasies over everything and everybody, and said that his idea of happiness in the future would be to attend perpetual picnics as the guest of such charming hostesses. We were not to be outdone by a new chum, and we also expressed our appreciation of the excellent providers in words more or less brilliant and wittv, and drank the health of the ladies with a clinking of pannikins in the best tea ever poured from a grimy, black billycan. Several of us were to ride our own hacks round the ring for the judgment of paces, so we were obliged to hurry away to see that everything about them was taut and trim. Jim acted as head-groom on thie occasion, and fussed round in a good dea . ' Round about the horse stalls congregated the sporting population of the place., discussing the chances for the next race meeting.1 pf excitement. We did the usual walk, trot, and canter round the ring, but my horse was too fidgety to do himself justice. I was lucky to carry off second prize, while Carr, of Carisbrooke Station, got the blue ribbon. However, I reckoned I had a horse that would trouble the others a little over hurdles, for which event we just had time to don our scarlet or silk, when the steward of the ring sent for us. My Blue Mountain mare proved as good as I antici- pated, and carried off the prize for jumping from a big field, with Perigilliot's Roches- ter second. Jim was pleased to be very complimentary over this last performancé, and asked for some pocket-money to spend at the side shows, on the strength of it. After this I saw nothing of him till late in the afternoon, when I came across the three boys at a shooting gallery. ' Tuppence a shot, gen'lemen, an' if you hits the bell you wins a shillun',' were the alluring words of the ' gen'leman ' who ran the concern. Jim and McGaw were utterly disgusted with their luck ; not once had they heard the bell tinkle in response to their bullets, while Cheshurst, who had been very for- tunate, stood by, and made patronising and galling remarks. It afterwards trans- pired that Cheshurst had laid out a shilling in corrupting the gallery-keeper to the extent of removing the tongue of the bell when the other boys began to shoot. Ches, said he 'guessed he was quits with them now over that ghost business.' There were the usual side shows which travel about the country. The gentleman who swallowed swords and other articles usually considered unsuited to the human digestion ; the snake charmer and the intelligent pig ; the panorama of the American War, and the inevitable Richard- son's show. Cousin Kate had declared her intention of doing her duty by the show, or dying in the attempt. ¡She did the former. To- gether we inspected over-grown pumpkins, and plethoric sheep ; wild-eyed cattle, and the public school children's maps and copy books j wax flowers and factory butter ; specimens of jam and woolwork pictures of scenes from the Old Testament and ' Uncle Tom's Cabin ' ; hand-painted plaques per- petrated by people who ought to have known better ; and excellent sponge-cakes, poultry, pigeons, dogs, and sheep-truly, a wonderful collection. There was a special collection of mineral specimens from the nearest mining town, round which were ever to be seen rougb, bearded diggers, with scarlet handkerchiefs tied round their necks, and picturesque soft felt hats tossed carelessly on their shaggy heads. Round about the horse stalls congregated the sporting population bf the place, dis- cussing the chances for the next race meeting. There the head groom from Carrisbrooke held forth oracularly to an admiring crowd of stockmen, who, smoking briarwood pipes, with their slouch hats stuck well back on their heads, and well-fitting doeskins and leggings, swaggered about with the peculiar gait only to be acquired by those who live in the saddle. There were a wonderful number of chil- dren of all ages in all parts of the Show Ground, from the party of twenty or thirty youngsters on Shetland ponies, who, with their well-appointed saddles and silver mounted hunting-crops, scampered all over the place j to the round-eyed, freckled country lad in his nondescript clothes cut down from his fathers, who enjoyed him- self just as thoroughly as his more fortu- nate brothers-utterly content with the world because his father's pig got the first prize, and his mother's butter was highly commended. Space forbids to tell of how we joked and laughed over our af ternoon tea on the picnic ground of the morning, and of how my sister and my cousin beguiled me into inviting everybody to an impromptu dance at our home the other side of the moun- tain. Of how we rode-a party of thirty merry souls-back to the station in the dusk of the evening ; of the uproarious meal round the huge old table ; and later, the rapid conversion of the dining-room into a Terpsichorean shrine. How we danced- till the floor shone like a mirror, and the sun rose over the mountain tops. How soundly we slept in improvised beds, till well on towards noon. Then once more saddled our horses for an equestrian paper chase. "We were very sleepy that night. The professor was drowsy, but cheerful. Ches hurst nodded as he ate his tea, and Jim and McGraw were so stiff that they perforce kept very quiet. My sister, and cousin Kate looked fresh as daisies, but owned to a certain limpness, and were glad next day was Sunday ; while the prospect of a quiet evening in my big deck chair, with a novel and a good cigar, was to me most grateful. Yet, even as we sighed in self commiseration for our universal weariness, we laid plans for the coming race meeting, when we hoped to have just such another good time as at the Murtabadgery Show. , 