1BE .0PENIKG OF PARLIAMENT. To -HbREow, .at . .noon, the second sesaion -of the . thirteenth Parliament of South Australia -will he opened by: his Excellency the Governor with such state and ceremony as the cjurcijmst^ces; ?of the province .admit. There will be the iisuaJ guard of honor and firingpf guns, the military resources <?f the QPjony including certain pieces of artillery, so that the ceremony can be aiiade: more, impressive than' is'the case at the opening'of some IProvinpi^l ;I*arliaiQeftts. in. the Domixiion qf Canada, where, according to Goldwin. Smith, this part of it is reduced to a series.' of explosions mimioking cannon. The Modus tenendi Paiiiameninim, to convert tb special use the title of one of the oldest Parliamentary treatises, is a copy of that ohse^ed ."at Westminster, buib the: local, reproduction rather suggests Westminster .Viewed through the wrong end of: the telescope. Still if we do not enjoy the presence of her -Majesty on the throne, or ' her Lords Commissioners intheir robes and quaint hats, there. are not wanting members of the Lower House faithful to the traditional custom.of "standing in a heap together below-the-bar," while they listen to the Queen's commissioned officer explaining the reasons why he has called parliament together. Queen Elizabeth, of glorious memory, was wont to remind her' right loving lords and her right faithful and obedient subjects that they were assembled in the name of God, for His service, and for the safety of the State,, and to-pray that the meeting of Parliament might be to their comfort, and the common quiet of herself and all theirs and hers :foxv ev.er. . But neither Queen . "Victoria nor her Lords Coxnmissione^s nowadays; follow-the. precedent. Nor does .his Ex cellency deliver-that which he has evolved' himself. Just as the Speaker of . the House does not speak, so the Governor's speech is not the speech of his Excellency. He is but the ventriloqnial apparatus by which the Parliament is informed of what Ministers have done and what they would like to do in the session now beginning, if only Parliament will let them. Although . it would doubtless shock constitutional hierophants, and those to whom prece dents are as the breath of their nostrils, to abolish this particular piece of Parlia mentary procedure, it is possible that it might be dispensed with to advantage. The thing is harmless enough in itself, but it is the source of what is a regular abuse of the time of Parlia ment. and the patience of the country. It has, of: course, like nearly every part of Parliamentary procedure, an historical origin, and had a very real and historical \- reason and. justification. 'TPhen the King governed as well as reigned ; when Pariia, ment met or did not meet according as the needs of the Crown or ? its disinclina tion operated;. when Parliament was not, what it is to-day, the.i^alroentre.of execu tive power, there was, every , necessity when members obeyedttheroyal summons, to lefcthem know why they were-convoked.: But in a British colony-at the close of the nineteenth century the Speech is but a pl^ntom .and ghost ,of the; past, wo£h nothing to recommend it but old associa tion. It owed ite exfetence to necessity. "With the necessity ceasing it might well; receive a happy dispatch. | <?' At present the Speech affords an oppor tunity for ;a rambling discussion which drags on from day to day and week to week, which increases in proportion every succeeding "session, whiph, delays pijbiic. . business* and duplicates debate. ' Every thing that is said, £ar; iastericei on -mea sures to be proposed by the. Government : is repeated whein the actual resolution or BilL comes.'before, the. House, with an iteration for which Shakespeare has found the -only fitting epithet. In so conserva* tive a body in matters of procedure as the Imperial' Parliament is, the abuse of the debate on the Address lias led to a . remedy, which in Lord Pahnerston's or Lord John Russell's days would have been rightly denounced as unnecessary and uncalled for. It is only needful to turn to the "Hansards" of later years and compare them -with earlier volumes to see how the; discussion has grown in South Australia. As a practical remedy it would answer every purpose if the Go vernor's proclamation convening Par liament were read at the table in the presence of both Houses, with his Excel lency in the chairs and his Excellency's speech following the proclamation were confined to.: the stereotyped paragraph, " I now declare this session of Parliament opened." As for the actual Address in Reply,, it might be curtailed to an ex pression of thanks for the opening of Parliament, and to an assurance that each-House would carefully consider the various measures which might be proposed . by his Excellency's advisers, and the Address, might' then be: agreed to without debate. . This is a remedy whose beautiful simplicity should commend itself. We are perfectly aware of the opportunity the debate affords of an amendment the effect of which, if carried, ousts the Ministry. But the direct vote, ^hicli Parliamentary institu tions owe to Sir Robert Peel, that this House has no confidence in the present Ministry, is simpler and more desirable. The. exposition of Ministerial policy, now given in'the Speech could be provided for in some other way. There is an ancient saying-"An two men ride one horse, one must sit next . the head." The last session of Parliament showed not two but well: nigh 54 riding one horse, and struggling to sit next the head. It is questionable whether 'the annals of , Parliament ever presented such an array. of Select Committees jyid Commissions. It is. questionable whether the country has any idea, or will have any! idea till the bill of costs is presented, of the price of knowledge. The business of the Executive is to cany on the admi nistration of public affairs. The business of Parliament is essentially deliberative, and judicial as to the way in which the public business is conducted by those at the helm, and as to the wisdom or un wisdom of the policy they propound and the measures introduced to give effect thereto. There is no question that the Legislature year by year is encroaching upon the : Executive sphere, and to that extent ab dicating its peculiar function in the State. The State is aft6r all, more especially where. Government so largely under takes ' duties and operations which elsewhere are earned on by private enterprise, but a joint stock company of which every citizen and taxpayer 'is a .shareholder. The Executive are simply the directors of the company, placed there by-the shareholders, and holding office so long as the latter are satisfied that they are managing in the shareholders' interests and to their profit. Of course Ministers have to take Parliament into their fullest confidence and require per petual additions of power and authority from those who have placed them where they are. Equally true is it that a good debate which examines a policy or pro position from all points of view is a great educational factor both to Parliament and the country. It takes . days and months ' of rain and sunshine before the corn is ripe for the sickle. But the extent to which debate has giWn is not only a negative evil, but a positive one in the effect it has of putting off real work till the close of Parliament, and then crowding into three weeks the work of three months. Much of the business which is eventually done owes its accomplishment to the fact that what with heat of the weather, mental Weariness and physical exhaustion from days, of pro- . tracted sittings, the powers of opposition and talking are gone; Mr. Parsons last session introduced to the House the. question of Tecognised whips, He showed very clearly, that the practical experience. o£ other countries had proved them to be " absolutely essential to the conduct of; Parb'aincntary business." It is obvious; that there are many things which require -taofc : and -management, and whifch Ministers have.'not the time'to attend to> and are not the proper persons to attend to even if they had the time. There is no stigma tfrsliir attaching to the post of Tvhrp.: ,ot, its .duties. It has been the stepping-stone to the highest honors elsewhere. It can only be regarded un favorably irhen it is one of thdse clantlea tine mysteries which somehow or other every one gets hold of~or suspects. It is the only means whereby the leaders of the House can-conduct the business on a definite plan tend system, and study the , convenience of members while securing steady progress in lie work of the session. The real business of Parliament will not commence till next week.- The South Australian Legislature will be called upon to discuss, one of the: most momentous questions which come before a people in- their his tory. The Australian Commonwealth Bill is one that will hold a foremost place qn the notice-paper until it has been thoroughly threshed out. Fortunately federation is not a party question in . which is involved the fate of a Ministry, and therefore the sooner that each House : addresses, itself to it the better. .A long discussion on the Address in Beply can . only postpone an important matter which it were best to. debate while Parliament is still fresh from the recuperative in fluences of .recess. 