8IR HENRY PARKES AND MR. REID ON FEDERATION. The Federation question in Now South Wales lius entered upon a now pliuao, nnd it is now likely to antler far more from tho in- discreetness of its friends than from tlio tuwuulU of its eneuuea. Early in tho month Sir Ilcury Parkes runted Melbourne rid llobnrt. Whilo nt tho latter city ho made a Hpecch on Federation, and solcmuly declared Unit 1 ha did not tee that it teat in the poicrr of any Colonial J'ltrliainaU to alter one word in the Federal Fill r?» drafted hj the Convention.'" These words havo creutcd much cxcitemcut throughout New South Wales, and havo aroused a fooling of indignation among thousands in that colony who aro really friendly disposed to Federation. In his first letter to Mr. Gillies, then Prcmierof Victoria, in December, 1689, Sir ilenry Parkas aug- gestcd tlint his proposed convcntiou should draft a Federal Bill and send it at onco homo for the sanction of tho Invperial Parlia ment. Sir Georgo Grey, by his patriotic speeches in tho Convention, overthrew Sir Henry Parkes' audacious proposal, and tho Bill is now left for tho approval— not tho eon - Moderation, that would- havo been too demo cratic — of tho pcoplo in any way tlio Pre miers of tlio various colonics like to suggest. Tho feeling of indignation aroused hy tho speech of Sir Ilenry Parkes found vent nt tho meeting called by Mr. G. II. Kc-id, member for East Sydney, in tho Protectant Hull, on last Monday ovening. Tlio Sydnoy daily papers report that tho building was crowded from floor to ceiling, and tho proceedings wero most enthusiastic. Tim veteran and evergreen statesman, Sir John Robertson, occupied tno cnnir, aua no was supported by several members of Parliament. It was sig nificant of tho turn of tho tide, that Mr. Francis Abigail, ono of Sir Henry Parkes' stnmichest supporters, wax refused u hearing, although ho had previously publicly declared that "ho inteaded to uso all his efforts to eauso the rejection of tho Federal Bill by tho people." Sir. Reid spoke for two hours, and de livered a masterly speech, in which ho inudo it us clear as daylight that the Federal Bill is one of the mo«t mischievous mcasu'cs ever drafted, und is cunningly devised to rivet the chaiuH of Imperialism around tho necks of tlio jHXjple for years to come. If for this alone, Mr. Ilcid thinks, it ought to bo uuuui- MQudy rejected by the people of Australia, aud his words wero greeted with enthusiastic cheering. After dwelling on tho reasons fur Victoria nnd Tasmania joiniugtiio Federation, Mr. Reid progccdvd;— Qucuuliwd wna tho moat independent colony, nnd alio had a very ablo and independent Premier, who had been much annoyed when in London at licitig called a colonial. (Laughter.) Ho now wanted to havo Queensland created a state, so that ho would thcu Is called a statesman. (Itvnowcd laughter.) Naturally ho (Sir Samuel) was anxious to extend Ids abilities in a wider sphere. Ho had l>con told by somo pcoplo that Sir Samuel Griffith had somehow acquired in Queensland or olscwhoro tho re putation of being n Radical. If tho rankost official from Downing-strcct had been chosen to draw up that Constitution Bill for Aus tralia ho could not havo filled it moro carefully with powers that took this constitution back to the old days when Downing-strect hod so much to do with Australia. (Prolonged applause.) What man— bo would not say with tlio slightest pretext of being a Radical, but with tho slightest pretext of being an Australian or n patriot — would luivo brought in tlrnt bill, which enabled Ills Excellency tho Govcrnor- Gcdcral to send back a bill with tho intimation that ho desired certain amend- for 170 years tho proudest monarch they had could not nay moro than "Yes" to tho will of tho Commons nnd tho Lords of England ; yet Australia in fouuding a now nution pro posed to allow a deputy of sovereignty powers which a king or Queen of England dared not cxcrciso. (Cheers.)" And yet Sir Henry Parkes, said Mr. Roid, has tho nudacHy to tell tho people's representatives tliey havo no power to niter n word of tho Bill ? " Wheneo comes this cry for Federation i" asked Mr. Held ; " from tho pcoplo. No. Hero was tho secret. Sir Henry Parkes talked about tho coiuiug Hcsslon of Parliament. As they know, tlicro wero only a fow months left of Bfo in tho present Parliament. Parliament was on its lust legs. (Tremendous checrlug.) And bo was ho (Sir. Ilenry Tar ken). (Rc- no wed and prolonged applause.) Thoy might nil bo sure that ho was approaching his poli tical deathbed, Ho showed every sign of it by dragging on to tho political stago nil thoso ancient ghosts of broken political promise with which ho had fooled them for 20 years. (Loud nnd long continued npplauso.) It was absurd for a man to insultan intelligent com munity with that long cataloguo of measures. Sjotneono had said that Federation had been inspired by Major-Gcncml Edwards, hut somo of tho Premier's friends had said this could not bo, bccauso that gentleman had always sneered at soldiers. This bclug so, thoy had to try something else. At tlio be ginning of 1889 thoy would remember that there was n general election, and tlio result was u cIoho fight between protection and free- trade. (Loud applause.) Perhaps Sir Henry Parkes thought tliat tho frcctrado ship was sinking— (great cheering)— and that ho could cscapo by Federation. (Prolougod npplauso.) Hint of course might uot bo tho eauso of it. It had bccu said that ho had lately been studying his memoirs, and perhaps ho had been constructing his political epitaph, and perhaps nlso in looking down his epitaph ho had found ono lino missing. (' ' Home Rule.' ') No ; ho wanted ono other lino, no wnntal to ineludo " tlio father of tho Australian Commonwealth." (Cheers and laughter.) As to tho reasou why Victoria was uppareutly in favour of Federation, "Mr. Munro hud," said Mr. Held, " let iu tlio light upon tho secret trade and finance committco of tho Conven tion. Ho had said that it was candidly ad mitted by tlio committco that if thoy wero to havo intercolonial frcctrado thoy woidd havo to havo a customs tarilf against tho outiido world. (Cheers.) Thoy also camo to tbo conclusion that under thoso circumstances tho most just courso to tako was to nuopt tho protoctivo tariff which lmd been established for years aud had been worked ou a scientific basis in Victoria. (Applause.) Mr. Munro had naturally said that there was nothing to which ho bo uuhusitatingly agreed as that clause, for ho distinctly understood .that when tho Federal Parliament met there would bo no danger to Victoria in regard to her tarilf. On tlio contrary, ho (Mr. Munro) felt thut now fields aud new innrkots would bo opened up to their manufacturers, 'At tho present time,' ho (Mr. Mutiro) Raid, wo lmvo to fiend our goods into other colonics on tho Ramo basis us foreign countries, and I nuw that when Federation took place and wo could sond our goods to tho other colonics without nny outside competition wo wero masters of tlio fiituation,' " Hero was tho secret of Victoria's anxiety. Sho could, if Federation were accoptcd, and undoubtedly would, inundate all tho cities and towns of tho other colonics with her manufactured articles, nnd crowd tho ports with ull her surplus agricultural produce, beeuuso with intercolonial frcctrado all goods and produce would bo admitted duty tree. Mr. Muuro might well oxchrim " Victoria would be mnHtor of tho situation!" Hero ;is food for our farmers nnd manufacturers to digest. Let tlicin not bo deceived. Federation means tho ruin of every fanner in Queensland, except '.hoao who grow eugur. Tho sugar planter supports Federation. " 1 camo down from tlio North," soid Mr, Cowley, " un ardent Separotionist ; I go back a firm Fedcrotionist." No doubt of itj und all tho sugar planters will say ditto to havo their sugar admitted duty freo in all tho federated colonies, and perhaps be able to clap on £3 or &> U Mill Ull UU BUgur 11K.UHJ WUIlBIUUVUi UIU prospects to tho fatmcra, outaido of sugar growing, Is ono for serious consideration. With federation it incuus tho ruin of all of thorn, and thu conversion of tho couutry into sheep and cattle runs. Mr. Rcid's criticisms havo dona good ser vice. Ho carried his immeuso uudleuco en tirely with him. When the show of lmuds was called for Federation ouly two or thrco were held up, whilo a forest of hands were held up ogaiust it, and tho result was greeted with prolonged cheering. Fortunuto will it bo for Queensland if Now South Wales rejects tlio BUI. 