A TRUE GHOST STORY. It was the ghostly hour of midnight. 1 was reading-—must it be confessed—a novel, when my enjoyment was brought to a sudden ending by a sound which I can only liken to the gasping of some poor wretch suffering from an acute attack of asthma. I was startled, and asked my companions P. and B. had they heard it, but they had not. , Soon the sound broke in once more. At first seeming to come in from some little distance outside the window, then gradually nearer, until we were positive, one moment that the strange gasps were emitted in the apartment beneath us, and the next, that whoever the sufferer was he had got under the sofa in the very room with us. Just then a shrill cry was heard from overhead, where the child of the household was sleeping. Arming ourselves with a poker and any other weapons which came to hand we instantly proceeded to investigate the casse of her alarm. On reaching her room we found her m a state of nervous terror, and she assured us someone was breaching in the wardrobe. We searched the room in all possible and impossible places ; opened the window, there was nothing to be seen, and the sound for a time, had ceased. We searched the other apartments, on the same landing, and I turned into an unoccupied room alo n e, and without a light, found my way to the window, and listened there for a few moments, and then fancy my horror on hearing- distinctly heavy breathing behind me in the room. I returned to the region of the light as quickly as I dared, feeling that at any moment I might come into collision, if it were possible to collide with a breath. Another friend appeared upon the scene, stating that she also heard breathing, but evidently not at all so loud as it had oppeared in our ears. We had to retire for the night, leaving the mystery unsolved, and morning only added to the puzzle when we heard from "tbe servants who inhabited another wing of the house how they had been terrified by hékring as they described it., 'loud snoring,' and were certain a burglar had got into the house and had fallen asleep in his hidingplace. They were too frightened even to strike a light. We never heard the breathing ghost, and have never been able to account for this strange occur~ rence in a satisfactory manner. 