OUR ANGLO COLONIAL LETTER. [From our Special Correspondent.] LONDON, November 28, 1890. The political crisis has been the all absorbing topic everywhere—even In Anglo Colonial circles—throughout the week, and it is well.nigh impossible to get cither Agents-General, or lesser folk, to talk of anything else. At the dabs political feeling runs higher than I ever remember It, the bitterness of the moderate Liberals against the Irish party (long slowly growing), balng bow londly expressed. " Barely two months ago we should have won a general election hands down" la the angry mnan "and now we have not the ghost of a chance. Betides destroying the erase of Home Bole, Farnell has let us tn for another ceren yean of lory coercion." An Anatra'lan, I see, writes to the papet? to ?ay that Mr. Parnell la known in yonr part of the world sa a successful dramatist — a play called *' Shamrock Green," alleged to be by him, having made quite a bib In the smaller towns of Victoria, South Australia, and New South Wale*. Unfortunately Mr. Campbell (Mr. Parnell'a secretary) when questioned as to the authenticity of this precious pro c uctlon grimly laughed. *' Mr. Parnell," he said, "has doubtless been Indiscreet In his time, but I think I may take upon myself to say he was never such a fool as to voluntarily associate his name with what appears to be a fourth-rate melo drama." The Agent?-Genenl'meet next Tuesday to dUensa the advisability of holding a Mining Exhibition on a proper scale In connection with the of the Im perial Instltnte tn 1892. The Idea la strongly favored by Sir Ohu. Tapper (at whose office the meeting will be held), bnt four Agent-General and Sir Saul Samnel seem doubtful whether the colonial Governments will care to pnt tfcelr hands Into their pockets again so soon for this pnrpese alter the Gryatal Palace fiasco. Dr. Anderson Stuart, whose medi cal diploma has, on the precedent of Professor Alien, of Melbourne, been dnly recegfciaed by the authorities of London University, goes to Berlin forthwith to etndy the Koch core. It Is also likely he will represent Sonth Australia, for which colony lymph has already been secured. Professional Interest In the discovery Increases daily, and every scrap oE In formation concerning the alleged cares and partial cures Is eagerly examined. An English physician points out that Dr. Koch's discovery should deal a? heavy blow to the antl vivl sectlonist?, for the discovery has been made by means of vivisection. It will not only furnish an unanswerable vindica tion of the value of that method of Inves tigation, bnt will probably .lead to a de mand on the part of English pathologist* for seme relaxation of the restrictions wblch at present hamper them as com pared with their Continental colleaguss, Peatenr and Koch! France and Ger many axe leaving England behind. Tfaete Is another point worth noting. Dr. Koch bad no sooner finished with his gnlneaplgs and expressed a wish for human subjects than huodreds battened to offer themselves. It la trne they came voluntarily and foi their own good; bat they are liberally submitting themselves to vivisection experiments, and showing that, in this case at least, men are willing to undergo'the same pains which they Inflict on others. Mr. and Mrs. Duncan and family leave today by the Carthage for Adelaide. Mr. Downer and Mr. and Mn. Hornabrook also return shortly. The first step in the direction of con necting Canada and Australia has, Sir Cbaa. Tapper Informs me, been taken. Ihe Dominion Government have con cluded, with a powerful company at Barrow, of which Lord Bartington la chairman, a contract for a 20 knot Atlantic mail line from Plymouth to Halifax or Quebec. A handsome subsidy will be paid for this, and will be borne by Canada alone. The Dominion Government are willing to encourage the extension of the service from Vancouver to Australia, and will contribute £15,000 a year towards the cost; bat, of course, this will be on con dition the Australians rally to the support cf the new line, and contribute, say, £40,000 annually. This wonld be a trifle when divided among«t them all, bus there interests ate too divergent hi the matter of mall service to make the proposed arrangement easy. It Is proposed that Moreton Bay— i c , Brisbane—should be the first port of call and the last of depar ture, and the voyage, It is believed, can be easily accomplished In S3 days, and probably three or four less. Bat to con vince the colonies It will be necessary to show them that the new line can eclipse the old and treated services via Suez, and this will not be easy to do. Sir Arthur BlytU has promised to be present at a lecture given by the Rev. Isidore Mjers, B. A. —described as c 'an Aus tralian elocutionist of repute"—on " The Talmud" at Pxlnce'a Hall on Thursday next. Mr. Myers Is a protegee of Dr. Moorhouse, who bean testimony to the young man's ability in a cordial letter which has been published. Mr. D'Arcy, of Mount Morgan fame, has joined the much-talked- of Siberian, expedition of Captain Wiggins. It sound* a somewhat hazardous venture. The secretary of the Anglo-Australian Society of Artists announces joyously that the society's sales of English pictures tn ■ the colonies amount to £5,000. He says nothing, however, about the sales of Aus tralian pictures In England. Colonial artists, I understand, complain bitterly that when, they joined Mr. Ayerat Ingram in promoting the society they were assured the Interchange of pictures for sale and exhibition would be mutual. It now eeerc?, however, as though they had assisted to spoil their own market without getting anything tn return. The officers of the Lusttanla appear to be of opinion that the unfortunate Miss B. McEnlght who, as I told you last week, committed, suicide by jumping overboard in the Bed Sea, was snapped up by a shark. Though bine lights were Instantly displayed and the sea illumined the un happy girl was never seen again, snd this seems Inexplicable otherwise. Miss McKnlght was on her way home to be mantled, and there are reasons for asp* posing that—as so often happens—aha changed her mind en route. Love trouble and Bed Eea heat combined are quite snf ficlent -to unhinge any ordinary girl's reason. The German • Australian' Steamship Compar■ y find the service pay so well that they Intend dispatching a steamer to the colonies once every three weeks Instead of monthly. The splendid new vessel which the Messagerles Maritbnes have built for their Australian service has been named the Polytetlen. She la sister ship to the Anstrallen, bnt will, from her official ttlals, attain an even greater speed. The Polynerfen sails on her maiden voyage on Jannsry 5. The Wessageries have two other packets, the Malaislen and Tas matnlen, on the stocks tor this line. They mean to make a strong bid fora large slice of the passenger trade. . The following facts from Fairplay should be carefully noted by shippers of wool:—Of all the wool steamers, other than the mall boats, that left Australia for the November wool sales, viz —Chemnitz, 2nd October ; Port Adelaide, 9th; Gulf of Vtuloe, 9th; Mnrrnmbldgee, 11th; Damascus, 11th; Tartar, 12th; Port Denlson, 15th—aggregating about 70,000 bales, It appears that only the Marram bidgee and Damascus have arrived In time to save the sales. All the wools of she other steamers will therefore iave to be kept over for the January auctions. A deputation of colonists anxious for the separation of North Qaeenaland will Interview liOtd KcuUford on the 10th ioet .Introduced by the Hon. Harold Flnoh Halton. This Is a movement whloh gets " fcrrudet" abont as fart as the Deceased Wife'a Sister Marriage BIIL Years ago Dr. Ahearne came horn* to path the North Queenslanden' views, and—re turned. Then some other felloir paid as a vlelt' for the same purpose, and—re turned.' Now, I believe, the Hon. Harold Finch Hatton Is retained as sort of permanent professional advocate for the canae. Occasionally something (a meeting or perhaps a deputation) la got up, bnt much progress has not really been made. The agitation lacks backbone. The new Anglo-Colonial journal, Greater Britain, Is a harmless conven tional publication, entirely without origin ality. A much more important venture Is In embryo. In the coarse of Buchanan v. Langtry the Jersey LUy was cross-examined re her refusal of Haddon Chamber j's "The Idler," elnce successful In N«w York. 6he said ahe liked the play, and commis sioned Mr. Chambers to write np her pars. This the young Australian did with such good will aa to spoil the p<eoe. The woman's part completely overshadowed the rest, In fact, was oat of proportion. Wltnets consequently declined go produce It. The National Conservative Club paid Sir Chas. LUley (Chief Justice of Queens land) the compliment of placing hla aims. on their list of members without asking hts permission. They have now been politely requested to withdraw It. Sir Charles avoirs himself neither Liberal nor Conservative, bnt an "Australian na tionalist, who believes In the future absolute Independence of his country, ncder no crown or coronet, but nnder a Government of her people, by her paople. Cor her people." The following extract from the Befcree will show that Mr. Eden SavtU la an ob eervant man, and has not studied English racing methods without learning a thing or two. "Pendragon"aays:—Twelvemonths ago to the day, reckoning by the Joskey Club calendar, the owner of Ringmaster said to me as Fallow Chat passed Che post winter of the Manchester November Handicap,' "All the rest of the jockeys (meaning of coarse riders of defeated bone>) went; mad. Fallow Coat was steered by a sensible man, just as If he was riding to the dock.' Whether Mr. Savlll was correct In bis so sweeping assertion maybe open to argument. That, considering the state of the ground and the distance to be covered from start to finish, he was dead on the nail In denounc ing the folly of racing 4or the lead which we saw Illustrated—l might almost write exaggerated—on that occasion, I must folly admit Fallow Chat was allowed to go comfortably for a long way, and not asked to race right off—and won. To-day, when the field tamed oat, I remembered the .Anglo-Australian lecture, and says I to a friend, says I, "I expect to see Ringmaster, who has too much weight, tidden to the clock " <* Madness," says he, *'madness—stark, staring mtdnen!" "Well," says I, " i'U chance a double. I'll bet yon a bottle that the little horse" —he Is under galloway height In his shoes and not stretched out—"lb a hundred yard's behind the leader on the far stretch, and alter all finishes la the first alx " Which I won my bottle. Very likely Indeed, If slightly varied tsotlca had been employed, and the First King's old son been sent to catch the front rank earlier In the straight, he would have won right out. He had more than a hundred yards to pick up, but at the finish he was going three yards to anything else's two —a big thing to cay of a 14.3J galloway carrying the third highest weight In such a handi cap. Mr. H. H. Vincent, described as " a well known actor at the Antipodes," n.ade bis debut In London at the Criterion Iheatre hut night as Max Harkawsy In "London Assurance." Wyndham is of ccuree Dazzle; Arthur B«urjV«r iriayg Charles Courtley; Glddens, Dolly Spanker; Mrs. Bernard Beere, Lady Gay; and Mlas , Mary Moore, the heroine. Mr. Luscombe Searelle, who Is now on his way to your part of the world, was In terviewed before leaving by Mr. Chapman ("Ithurlel") for London. It seem* Mr. Searelle lost nothing through the failure cf "The Black Rover," as It was against his judgment the piece was produced. He j himself swore by " Bobadil," which ran 90 sights In Melbourne, and would, he felt sure, hit the mark likewise In London. Mr. Geo. P#get, however, preferred " The Black Rover," and a very cjatly pre ference It proved. Mr. Searelle visits Australia mainly for the purpose of sea log his sged parents, and returns to pro duce Bobadil" at the Globe In March. The Scots Observer, which this week drops the Gallic prefix for that of National, has several Australian, or rather Ans ttalnlan, journalists on Its staff, and Intends devoting occasional articles to Anglo- Colonial as well as Anglo-Indian topics. The current issue cantatas a thoughtful article on " The Labor Problem In Australia," In which the coarse of the late strike la traced for the benefit cf the uncomprehending at home. The author describes the policy of the colonial Governments, and the attitude of the press and the public towards the etrikers. "Labor," says the writer, " was handicapped by the number of out casts and social failures who hung on to Its skirts, and by the frothy Irishmen who there, as in America, control the trades' organisations. It was discredited by the excesses of the * sundowners' —the swags men—np country, and of the larrikins and ' unemployed' In town. Capital, while less encumbered, was at least as vigorous, which Is only what might be expected la a community where natural selection alone has produced capitalists, and that very recently. In Sydney the squatters drove their lorries themselves; and the city turned out to see the stalwart frock coated gentlemen, unperturbed and clg«r In month, steering their plled-up bales, their year's clip, down to the quay. In Melbourne the onivtralty students and the members of one of the chief rowing dubs volunteered to do duty as gas stokers Special coa stables from all classes were In plenty. The Anglo-Saxon Is always particularly pleased with the opportunity of cracking somebody's skull, not only with lmpuntty bnt even with the approbation of society. There Is no fear of our middle classes, la the colonies or at home, shrinking like the bourgeoisie across the Channel from a con flict with anarchy In the streets. The up country tlfles—one regiment of which, from Ballarat, was lately reported by an Imperial officer to be the finest regiment of mounted Infantry in the world—were as eager In the cause of order as was tha American mllltla of Illinois a few years j since to come to blows with the Chicago j rioters. In one Instance, Indeed,the zaal of an amateur colonel carried him so far as to Induce him to advise bis men 'if they did fire, to fire low, and lay them out,' a raria lectio of the Qaeen's regulations which la etUl occupying the attention of the Cabinet With all this energy arrayed against It; with a determination on the part of capital at least equal to that of the mcv, and superior resources ; with order maintained severely and Impartially, or perhaps with ■ judicious leaning against the patty from which excesses were to be feaied—it Is not difficult (after the event) to see why the strike failed. We may pick a lesson cr two out of the struggle fcr ourselves, but we need not fear for Australia. The principles of State So cialism are very widely diffused, bnt the possession of property Is a great sedative. The colonies have not seen the end of their labor straggles; bnt society Is probably at least aa stable there as here." 