THE BOUT OP THE WHITE HUSSAES. B-sr RUDYAB.D KIPLING. (F£03£ LI PLAIN TALES FROM THE HILI3.") Some people hold that an English cavalry regiment cannot run. This is a mistake. I have seen four hundred and thirty-seven sabres tij'ing over the face of the country in abject terror—have seen the lest regiment that ever drew bridle wiped off the Army List for the space of two hours. If you repeat this tale t' the White Hussars they wdl in all probability treat vnu severelv. They are not proud of the incid nt 'You may know the White Hussars by their ' side," which is greater than all the cavalry on the roster. If this is not a sufficient mark, you may know them by their old brandy. It has been sixty years in the mess and is worth going far to taste. Ask for the " M'Gaire" old brandy, and see that you get it. If the mess sergeant thinks that you are uneducated, and that the genuine article will be lost on you, he will treat you accordingly. He is a good man. But when you are at mess, you must never talk to your hosts about forced marches or long-distance rides. The mess are veiy sensitive ; and if they think you are laughing at them, will tell you so. As the White Huesars say, it was the colonel's fault. He was anew man, and he ought never to have taken the command. He said that the regiment was not smart enough. This to the White Hussars, who knew that they could walk round anv Horse and through any guns, and over any Foot on the face of the earth ! That insult was the first cause of offence. Then the colonel cast the drum- horse—the drum-horse of the White Hassars! Perhaps you do not see what an unspeakable crime he had committed. I will try to make it clear. The soul of the regiment lives in the drumhorse who carries the silver kettle-drums. He is nearly always a'big piebald Waler. That is a point of honour; and a regiment will spend anything you pleaseon a piebald. Heis beyond the ordinary laws of casting. His work is very light, and he only manoeuvres at a footpace. Wherefore, so lonp as he can step out and look handsome, his . wellbeing is assured. He knows more about the regiment than the adjutant, and could not make a mistake if he tried. The drum-horse of the White Hussars was only eighteen years old, and perfectly equal to his duties. He had at least six years more work in him, and carried himself with all the pomp and dignity of a drum-major of the Guards. The regiment had paid l,200rs. for him. -r But the colonel said that he must go, and he was cast in due form and replaced by a washv, bay beast, as ugly as a mule, with a ewe-neck, rat-tail, and cow-hocks. The drummer detested that animal, and the best of the band-horses put back their ears and showed the whites of their eyes at the very eight of him. They knew him for an upstart and no gentleman. L fancy that the colonel's ideas of smartness extended to the band, and that he wanted to make it take part in the regular parade movements, A cavalry band is a sacred thing. It only turns out for commanding officers' parades, and the bandmaster is one degree more important than the colonel. He is a high priest, and the " Keel Bow" is his holy song. The " Keel Bow" is the cavalry trot; and the man who has never heard that tune rising, high and shrill, above the rattle of the regiment going past the salnting-base, has something yet to hear and understand. When the colonel cast the drum-horse of the White Hussars, there was nearly a mutiny. The officers were angry, the regiment were furious, and the bandsmen swore—like troopers. The Drum-Horse was going to be put up to auction—public auction—to be bought perhaps by Parsee and put into a cart! It was worse than exposing the inner life of the regiment to the whole world, or selling the mess plate to a Jew—a black Jew. The colonel was a mean man and a bully. He knew what the regiment thought about his action; and when the troopers offered to buy the dnim-horse, he said that their offer was mutinous and forbidden by the regulations. But one of the subalterns—Hogan-Yale, an Irishman—bought the drum-horse for IGOrs. at the sale ; and the colonel was wroth. Yale professed repentance—he was unnaturally submissive—and said that, as he had only made the purchase to save the horse from possible ill-treatment and starvation, he would now shoot him and end the business. This appealed to soothe the colonel, for he wanted the drumhorfe disposed of. He felt that he had made a mistake, and could not of course acknowledge it. Meantime, the presence of the drum- horse was an annoyance to him. Yale took to himself a glass of old brandy, three cheroots, and his friend Martyn; and they all left the mess together. Yale and Martyn conferred for two house in Yale's quarters; but only the bull-terrier who keeps watch over Yale's boot-trees kflows what they said. A horse, hooded and sheeted to his ears, left Yale's stables, and was taken, very unwillingly, into the Civil Lines. Yale's groom went with him. Two men broke into the regimental theatre and took several paint pots and some large scenery brushes. Then night fell over the Cantonments, and there was a noise as of ahorse kicking his loose-box to pieces in Yale's stables. Yale haxfTFbig, old, white Waler trap-horse. The next day was a Thursday, and the men, hearing that Yale was going to shoot the drumhorse m the evening, determined te give the beast a regular regimental funeral—a finer one than they would have given the colonel had he died just then. They got a bullock-cart and some sacking, and mounds and mounds of roses, and the body, under sacking, was carried out to the place where the anthr.-^ cases were cremated; two-thirds of the regiment following There was no band, but they all sang "ThePlace where the old Horse Died," as something respectful and appropriate to the occasion. When the corpse was dumped into the grave and the men began throwing down armfuls of roses to cover it, the farriersergeant ripped out an oath, and said aloud, J' Why, it ain't the drum-horse any more than it's me!" The troop sergeant-majors asked him whether he had left his head~'in the canteen. The fan-ier-sergeant said that he knew the drum-horse's feet as well as he knew his own; but he was silenced when he saw the regimental number burnt in on the poor stiff up- turned near-fore. \- Thus was the drum-horse of the White Hussars buried; the farrier-sergeant grumbling. The sacking that covered the corpse was smeared in places with black paint; and the farrier-sergeant drew attention to this fact. But the troop sergeant-major of E. Troop kicked him severely on the shin",; and told him hat he was undoubtedly drunk. ' On . the Monday , folio wing the burial, the colonel sought revenge oil the White Hussart; Unfortunately, beingAH that tioie temporarily in command of the station, he ordered a brigade field-day. He said that he wished to make the regiment " sweat for their d d insolence," and he carried out his notion thoroughly. That Monday was one of the hardest days in the memory of the White Hussars. They were thrown against a skeleton-enemy, and pushed forward, and withdrawn, ani dismounted, and " scientifically handled" in every possible fashion over dusty country, till they Bwented profusely. Their only amusement came late in the day when they fell upon the battery of Horse Artillery and chased it for two miles. This was a personal question, and most of the troopers had money on the event; the gunners saying openly that they had the legs of the White Hussars. They were wrong. A marchpast concluded the campaign, and when the regiment got back to their lmes, the men were coated with dirt from snnr to chin-rtri.3. The White Hussars nave one great and peculiar privilege. They own it at Fontenoy, A think. Many regiments possess special rights such as wearing collars with undress uniform, or a bow of ribbon between the shoulders, or red and white roses in their helmets on certain days of the year. SomerightB are connected with regimental saints, and some with regimental successes. All are valued highly; but none so highly as the right of the White Hussars to have the band playing when their horses are being watered in the lines. Only one tune is played, and that tune never varies. I don't know its real name, but the White Hussars call it, "Take me to London Again." It sounds very pretty. The regiment would sooner be struck off the roster than forego their distinction. After the " dismiss" was sounded, the officers rode off home to prepare for stables; and the men filed into the fines riding easy. That is to say, they opened their tight buttons, shifted their helmets, and began to joke or to swear as the humour took them ; the more careful slipping off and easing girths and curbs. A good trooper values his mount exactly as much as he values himself, and believes, or should believe, that the two together arc irresistible where women or men, girls or guns, ar concerned. Then the orderly-officer gave the oraer, ' Water horses," and the regiment loafed off to the squadron-troughs which were in rear of the stables awl between these and the barracks. There were four hugh troughs, one for each squadron, arranged en echelon, so that the whofc regiment could water in ten minutes if it liked But it lingered for seventeen, as a rule, while the band played. The band struck up as the squadrons filed off to the troughs, and the men slipped their feet out of the stirrups and chaffed each other. The sun was just setting in a big, hot bed of red cloud, and the road to the civil lines seemed to ran straight into the sun's eye. There was a httle dot on the road. It grew and grew till it showed as a horse, with a sort or gridironthing on his back. The red cloud glared through the bars of the gridiron. Some of the troopers shaded their eyes with their hands and said, " What the mischief 'as that thsre'orse goton'im'r" In another minute they heard a neigh that every soul—horse and man—in the regiment knew, and saw, heading straight towards the band, the dead drum-horse of the White Hussars! On his wilheis banged and bumped the kettle-drums draped in crape, aud on hisjbacii, very stiff aud soldierly, sat a bareheaded skeleton. The band stopped playing, and, for a moment, there was a hush. Then some one in E Troop—men said it was the troop-sergeant-major—swung his horse round and yelled. No one can account exactly for what happened afterwards; but it seems that, at least, one man in each troop set an ex ample of panic, and the rest followed like sheep. The horses that had barely put their muzzles into the troughs reared and capered; but as soon as the band broke, which it did when the ghost of the drum-horse was about a furlong distant, all hooves followed suit, and the clatter of the stampede—quite different from the orderly throb and roar of a movement on parade, or the nughhorse-play of watering in camp—made them only more terrified. They felt that the men on their backs were afraid of something. When horses once know that, all is over except the butchery. Troop after troop turned from the troughs and ran—anywhere and every where—like spiit quicksilver. It was a most extraordinary spectacle, for men and horses were in all stageB of easiness, and the carbine-buckets flopping against their sides urged their horses on. Men were shouting and cursing, and trying to pull clear of the band which was being chased by the drum-horse whose rider had fallen forward and seemed to be spurring for a wager. The colonel had gone over to the mess for a drink. Most of the officers were with him, and the subaltern of the day was preparing to go down to the lines, and receive the watering reports of the troop-sergeant-majors. When " Take me to London Again" ttopped, after twenty bars, every one in the mess said, "What on earth has happened?" A minute later, they heard unmilitary noises, and saw, far across the plain, the White Hussars scat, tered, and broken, and flying. The colonel was speechless with rage, for he thought that the regiment hod risen against him or was unanimously ^drunk. The band, a disorganised mob, tore past, and at its heels laboured the drum-horse—the dead and buried drum- horse—with the jolting, clattering skeleton. Hogan-Yale whispered softly to Martyn—" No wire will stand that treatment," and the band, which had doubled like a hare, came back again. But the rest of the regiment was gone, was rioting all over the province, for the dusk had shut in and each man was howling to his neighbour that the drum-horse was on his flank. Troop-horses are far too tenderly treated as a rule. They can, on emergencies, do a great deal, even with seventeen stone on their backs. As the troopers found out. How long this panic lasted I cannot say. I believe that when the moon rose the men saw they had nothing to iear, and, by twos and threes and half-troops, crept back into cantonments very much ashamed of themselves. Meantime, the drum- horse, disgusted at his treatment by old friends, pulled up, wheeled round, and trotted up to the mess verandahsteps for bread. No one liked to run; but no one cared to go forward till the colonel made a movement and laid hold of the skeleton's foot. The baud had halted some distance away, and now came back slowly. The colonel called it, individually and collectively, every evil name that occurred to him at the time; for he had set his hand on the bosom of the drum-horse and found flesh aud blood. Then he beat the kettle-drums with his clenched fist, and discovered that they were but made of silvered paper and bamboo. Next, still swearing, he tried to drag the skeleton out of the saddle, but found that it had been wired into the cantle. The sight of the colonel, with his arms round the skeleton's pelvis and his knee in the old drum-horse's stomach, was striking, not to say amusing. He worried the thing off in a minute or two, and threw it down on the ground, saying to the band—" Here, you cars, that's what you're afraid of." The skeleton did not look pretty in the twilight. The band-sergeant seemed to recognise it, for he began to chuckle and choke. " Shall I take it away, sir ?" said the band-sergeant. " Yes," said the colonel, "take it to hell, and ride there yourselves!" The band-sergeant saluted, hoisted the skeleton across his saddle-bow, and led off to the stables. Then the colonel began to make inquiries- -or the rest of the regiment, and the language he used was wonderful. He would disband the regiment—he would court-martial every soul in it—he would not command such a set of rabble, and so on, and so on. As the men dropped in, his language grew wilder, until at last it exceeded the utmnst limits of free speech allowed even to a colonel of horse. Martyn took Hogan-Yale uside and suggested compulsory retirement from the Sir vie 3 as a necessity when all was discovered. Martyn was the weaker man of the two. Hogan-Yale put up his eyebrowB and remarked, firstly, that he was the son of a lord, and, secondly, that he was as innocent as the babe unborn of the theatrical resurrection or the drum-horse. " My instructions," eaid Yale, with a singularly sweet smile, " were that the drum-horse should be sent back as impressively as possible. I ask you, am I responsible if a mule-headed friend sends him back in such a manner as to disturb the peace of mind of a regiment of Her -Majesty's cavalry ?" Martyn said, " You are a great man, and will in time become a general; but I'd give my chance of a troop to be safe out of this affair." Providence saved Martyn and Hogan-Yale.. The second in command led the colonel away to the little curtained alcove wherein ti>e subalterns of the White Hussars were accustomed to play poker of nights ; and there, after many oaths on the colonel's • part, they talked together in low tones. I fancy that the second in command must have represented the scare as the work of some trooper whom it would be hopeless to detect; and I know that he dwelt upon the sin and the shame of making a public f laughing-stock of the scare. "They will call us," said the second in command, who had really a fi/ie imagination— " they will call us the ' Fly-by-Nights;' thev will call us the 'Ghost Hunters;' they will nickname us from one end of the army list to the other. . All the explanation in the world won't make outsiders understand that the officers were.away when the panitv began. Fof the honour of the regiment and for vour own sake keep this thing quiet." The colonel was so exhausted with auger that soothing him down was not so difficult as might be imagined. He was made to see, gently and by degrees, that it was obviously impossible to court-martial the whole regiment and equally impossible to proceed against any subaltern who, in his belief, had any concern in the hoax. "But the beast's alive! Hvs never been shot at all!" shouted the colonel. " It's flat flagrant disobedience! I'veknown a man broke for less—damn sightless. They're mocking me, I tell you, Mutman ! They're mocking me !' Onee more, the second in command set himself to soothe the colonel, and wrestled with him for half sn hour. At the end of that time, the regimental sergeant-major reported himself. The situation was rather novel to him ; but he was not a man to be put out by circumstances. He saluted and said, " Begiment all come back, sir." Then to propitiate the colonel—" An' none of the 'orses any the worse, sir." The colonel only snorted aud answered— " You'd better tuck the men into their cots, then, and see that they don't wake up and cry m the night." The sergeant withdrew. His httle stroke of humour pleased the colonel, and, further, he felt slightly ashamed of the language he had been using. The second in command worried him again, and the two sat talking far into the night. Next day but one, there was a commanding officer's parade, and the colonel harangued the White Hussars vigorously. The pith of his speech was that, since the drum-horse in his old age had proved himself capable of cutting up the whole regiment, he should return to his post of pride at the htbd of the band, but the regiment were a set of ruffians with bad consciences. The White Hussars shouted, and threw everything movable about them into the air, and when the parade was over, they cheered the colonel till they couldn't speak. No cheers were put up for Lieutenant Hogan-Yale, who smiled very sweetly in the back-ground. Said the second in command to the colonel, unofficially— " These little things ensure popularity, and do not the least affect discipline." " But I went back on my word," said the colonel. " Nevermind," said the second in command. " The White Hussars will follow you anywhere from to-day. Regiments are just like women. They will do anything for trinketry." A week later, Hogan-Yale received an extraordinary letter from some one who signed himself " Secretary, Charity and Zeal, 3709, E.C.," and asked for " the return of our skeleton which we have reason to believe is in your possession." " Who the deuce is this lunatic who trades in bones ?" said Hogan-Yale. " Beg your pardon, sir," said the bandsergeant, " but the skeleton is with me, an' I'll return it if you'll pay the carriage into the civil lines. There's a coffin with it, sir." Hogan-Yale smiled and handed two rupees to the band-sergeant, saying, "Write the date on the skull, will you ?" If you doubt this story, and know where to go, you can see the date on the skeleton. But don't mention the matter to the White Hussars. I happen to know something about it, because I prepared the drum- horse for his resurrection. He aid not take kindly to the skeleton at all. 