SUNSHINE AFTER CLOURS. [?] v By an M.D. j ; Author of 44 Under a Spell," "Victoria Cross Valour," " Science and Sin," " In Love ; with a Ghost," " Condemned to Death," tic., Ac. .'HArTrJt VI. thk marquis wins. The hot noonday sun was pouring its torrid: rays bvf-r the village ot Sc. Uracques, when Jack Brandon "descended to breakfast on the day following his visit with the Marquis de Dijonnais to the club. ' -i n - a JX . ... X.1 Al .. n 4-V..-V iiranaon 8 ibinper Wii» bviucubiv ucrj mc vSpn, for none of the outspread delicacies met with Approbation, nor did his sister's attention to his wants elicit anything but expressions of disapproval. Human endurance has its limits, and Ethel's patience at last gave way beneath her brother's ac cumulated load of vituperation. "I shall leave you. to your own devices until you have recovered your politeness," she exclaimed. "I suppose 1 ought to say I am sorry for. such aa exhibition of petulauce," lie retorted, gruffly. "But the stifling heat is enough to upset anyone's temper." "I will take that as an apology, although.it Is a very poor one," answered Ethel with an appearance of vivacity. "Now, what are your projects for to day?? . "I hardly know yet, but De Dijonnais will ba "here to a lunch A V Anglaist, and he will make arrangements for us."- "Surely you cannot mean that the Marquis intends calling here to-day?" exclaimed Ethel, changing colour. ' "And, pray, why should lie not?" asked her "brother, satirically. , "You probably know the reason as well as I do " answered Ethel. "I only, imagined that he had better .tyste," / . , ; "You are right. I do know why he should be conspicuous by his absence ; but in still continuing his visits he is Acting by my advice." "Then J must blame you as well as the Marquia for such au. utter want of good feeling," said Ethel, angrily. ... " I "cannot help it," replied Jack; roughly. " It is my duty to get you married as well as possible,' and as such a chance as this will' never ofceur again I don't; intend you to lose it." "You are au altered man since we have been in France." replied Ethel, with a little sob. "You never used to treat me so imperiously or lose your temper so frequently. lam sure, you must have something ou j'our ' mind ! Tell me what it is, Jack, dear. Is it a money difficulty ? Have you been gambling ? " Brandon started violently at, bis sister's question. For a. moment he stared, at heiwith a terrified ex pression, and then lowered his eyes and bowed his head on his hands. A painful silence ensued for some minutes, until he slowly raised his head and looked furtively at his sister. "What are your grounds for .assuming , me to be a gambler ? " ha asked in a low voice. ; "Thii!" exclaimed Ethel, holding before iher astonishe brother the piece of paper she had picked up the previous evening. " Good Heavens ! " ejaculated Brandon. " Surely De Dijonnais has not been so mean as to make.you-. a present of that ? " "No, he is not quite so bad as you think, "replied Ethel. "But I verily believe that he ' encourages you to gamble so as to get you into his power, hoping by this means to make sure of me. Now, a man who can act in such a manner is a villain and unfit to associate with gentlemen ; I therefore ' beseech you to pay him this money, and at the some time announce your intention of returning to England immediately. In this way I shall avoid fiis persecution, and you will be able to drop his acquaintance." ' /Brandon did not respond to his sister's exhorta tion, but his face grew more haggard and his brow contracted with a sharp spasm of pain. "I cannot do what you advise," he gasped out, "for I am more thoroughly in his clutches, than you imagine. This I O.D. is only one out of many such, and if he wre to press for payment I should be utterly ' ifuinedi" "Oh, Jack, why did you allow this man to trick you ? " moaned Ethel. He knew that I would re- j£cthim, and consequently planned this foul method of gaining me through your misery and ruin! But he Shall not attain his ends, even if I have to beg my bread to pay him. Come, I say, let us face our misfortunes boldly, put our joint capital together, and get out of the Marquis's clutches." "It cannot be done!" groaned Brandon. "If I were to realise your money as well as my own, I should still be two thousand pounds short. There is only one chance left me, and that is to keep steadily to the gaming table until luck changes. I assure you that I have not a gambler's madness, and -have long been tired of the whole business. But what could I do,? When I discovered a fort night ago that I haul become so heavily ' dipped, ' I felt compelled to continue to play until I had re couped my losses." , "Don't go near the tables again," pleaded Ethel. "You would only keep on losing, but as . it is we can settle everything except two thousand pounds, and the Marquis must allow that to stand over. I trap, easily get a governess's situation, and I do not think you would have much difficulty in obtaining a good appointment. Let us do anything rather than be beholden to Mons. de Dijonnais, or attempt to raise our fallen , fortunes by a continuance of this detestable gambling." "I say, Ethel ! " suddenly exclaimed her brother. "I see the way to clear off a quarter of the sum I owe. Give me the document you picked up." "What do you want it for ? asked Ethel. "To tear into very small pieces, and thus pay off three thousand odd pounds worth of debts," replied -her brother. "Is gambling at the root of all evil. Jack ? Has it so blunted your sense of honour as to allow you to take such a despicable advantage of an. ac cident?" "The Marquis has had many an advantage over me, and I think it would only be a perfectly fair return," said Brandon, sullenly. "I do not believe that I have lost all my money fairly, and therefore ail to see the harm in destroying a piece of paper ; I was foolish enough to sign under the influence oi excitement." "If we are poor, if we are absolutely destitute d means to obtain our next meal, let us still preserve the priceless gem of honesty. Let not the MarqUis. cast it in our teeth that our honour flew away with our riches, but rather let him tell his friends that i a son of Albion . prefers poverty . to a tarnished name." "You are right, Ethel, aud i am a miserably weak fool, whose head is; half-dated with the contempla tion of the misfortunes my unpardonable folly has brought upon you. What is the position to which I have reduced you ? That is the question which has harassed me for many days, and 1 could only evade it by hoping for your alliance with De Dijonnais. When you shewed me your determina tion to have nothing to do with him, I grew moody and irritable, and began to treat you badly. But my affection for you has never really waned, and the only reason for my attempting coercion was that I might save you the pain of knowing my foolish conduct, by urging you into a marriage with a man whose silence was to be purchased by your sacrifice. In plain language, I was a coward, and intended to victimise you rather than face the reproaches with which you would receive the news of my having wasted your fortune as well 'as my own." "Ijdo not blame you at all," replied Ethel. "You are a very young man, and the Marquis is con siderably your senior. He has traded upon your inexperience with, I believe, a settled determination to effect our ruin. His plot is successful, and it now only remains for us to look bravely into the future." "Good Heavens, what an awful future ! " ex claimed Brandon, with a sharp ring of anguish in his voice. "I can see nothing but abject penury before us ! )I. was not brought up to a profession ; I am totally unqualified for mercantile pursuits, and I could not slave at a desk all day long. I am fit for nothing; I cannot oven dig, and to be I am ashamed t My lifo has become a perfect./fiwro through nad foHyt it u pcoftUessriad not worth living. . ,/W ; A dark, gloomy, remorseful tone pervaded every ! word uttered by Brandon, and produced a feeling of alarm in his sister. He had evidently acquiesced iu her resolution to reject any further offer from De Dijonnais, for he had ceased to urge her on this point. He had also tacitly consented to the return ; of the I.O.U., and by giving up these two things j the very grouud seemed cut from beneath his feflt. There appeared to him no other chance of salvation, and Ethel, therefore, interpreted his last speech as containing a vague threat of suicide— that last resort ; of the ruined gamester ! "Despondency is worse than useless," she said. "You are a man with strong arms and intellectual brains, whereas I ara only a weak woman, but with sufficient resolution to conquer the world . and evolve a future happiness out of our present misery. I am determined to look forward hopefully, aud you in your manhood must do the same ! " "It is useless for me to strive," he answered. "I have wilfully thrown away my chances, and must therefore pay the penalty. I have no power to earn a living, aud had better make room for those who have." "You are a coward!" replied Ethel, with an as sumption of anger she was far from feeling. She, poor girl, hoped to arouse within him a spark, of indignation at being so stigmatised. Anything was better than his fixed hopeless look, which told that be was morbidly brooding over an awful deed. Could she but change the current of his thoughts, could she only lash him into furious anger— she felt that he might be weaned from this horrible idea. She tried very hariU; she hurled at his head every opprobrious epithet her gentle tongue could utter, but it mi all in vain, for he sat desperately silent beneath them, and refused to wince at Lor most poignant shafts. WMlst she was thus occupied in battling with the demon of despair, the door bell rang, and a moment after De Dijoo&ais;'s voice sounded in the hall. A tremulous, feeling of horror ran through her as she listened to the deep tones which, till very recently had conveyed nothing but pleasure to her, but which were now associated with the darkest moments of her life. She glanced at her brother, as he dejectedly sat with his head bi>ried in his hands, and seemingly oblivious to all elseicxcept his own misery. He was not the man to face misfortune with a bold front — his present pitiatfle condition would reveal his weakmindedness tolthe merest outsider; neither was it safe Co leave Aim alone with his maddening thoughts until hduro of reflection had cooled them down to less sombrei tints. Ethel was in a dilemma. She dared not leave him in such a mood, yetlit was imperatively necessary that she should haveia final interview with the Mar quis, and tax him with kis iniquities with all the indignant force of which she was capable. The events of the last teWJiqurs had taught her tho lessons of a lifetime, and one of these was the value of promptitude. After the slightest hesitation, she resolved upon her course of conduct, and as the wrvaut entered to announce tfot the Marquis awaited her in the drawing-room, she approached her brother and took hfe hand. "Jack, dear, I am going to see Monsieur do Dijonnais. Will you promise to await my return, for I fancy I have found a means of. escaping from all this dreadful poverty, and I should be glad to tell you that I have been successful' ? J have made up my mind to meet hiqihalfway and make certain concessions ; so_che6F"up and look forward to my conyng back'with good news." "Trust a woman's quick wit for solving the most hopeless problem ! " exclamed Brandon, raising his headland brightening up. "-Go, Ethel, and may success attend you. ! " . He did not inquire what the project " was which bad so sudden changed her firm acceptance of poverty into » hopeful glimpse of comfort. He was quite content, to hear that there existed a chance of her being able to retrieve theit fortune, and there fore forebore to adk questions the answers to which, if allowed to go unchallenged, might tend to hit further humiliation. Ethel's head was aching and her heart throbbing with; wild tumultuous despair as she- left her brother and passed out to her interview with the Marquis. For a moment she stood still in the passage and leaned against the wull to support her tottering limbs and trembling frame, . and to regain an appearance of composvwe she was far from1 feeling. There, in solitude, she fought out her battle, con quered, and went with a calm face to voluntarily forge the links of her harsh fate. Other women had before now surrendered themselves to a lot no harder than one she was about to cboose and for much .less noble aims; they had survived the shock, had become good wives and happy mothers, and had at last come to regard the heartbreaking sorrow which had modified their Uvea as an unpleasant incident of juvenile folly! Time would be as merciful to her aa to others, and she might therefore con fidently look forward to contentment, if not to actual happiness. T'uese cnougnts passed rapidly through fker mind as she stood holding the handle of the door, hesi tating and dreading to enter, yet longing to get the interview over as quickly as possible. In another instant her timidity vanished, and she entered the room with admireble self rposeeasion. "Bon jour, Medlle. Brandon!" exclaimed the Marquis, with a gay and sprightly air, just aa if he had never proposed to nor been rejected by her. "I have hsd the good fortune of securing tickets to view the latest collection of Assyrian antiquities. Will you come ? They are well worth e visit, and I think you will be aroused, for they contain amongst other things a choice assortment of articles for the feminine toilette, including stibium-pots and dyes for beautifying the hair or complexion." The Frenchman rattled on for some minutes with excessive volubility, as if desirous of hiding the ' awkwardness of hii visit under much talking. At last want of breath forced him to pause, and gave Ethel her opportunity. "This visit is, unexpected efter what took place lest night. Has Monsieur De Dijohnsis forgotten the etiquette upon which he Used to pride himself " . "I crave your pardon for my breach ef the observances," answered the Marquis. "But I refuse to be banished altogether. If I could not see you I. should go mad. Why can we not be friends although you will not marry me ? " "How can you suggest friendship under the circumstances?" asked Ethel. "Do you recall to mind the threatening, look with which you favoured me'lalst evening as you bade me adieu ?" " Ah, you mistake ! " said . the Marquis, vehemently. "It was an expression of disappoint ment—deep bitter anguish— atjmy rejection." "It is a very peculiar methodof' shew i=0 .is- appointment. >Did you also mean to convey a similar ; sentiment in certain words you used which I con strued into a threat to employ an underhand way of forcing me into a marriage with you ? " "Ah, what is tlds grave' accusation you axe bring ing against me ? " said the Marquis, in an agitated voice. "Your conscience is already accusing you!" replied- Ethel, who did not fail to notice De Dijonnaiss agitation. "Bint I protest that— "Excuse my interruption," said Ethel, breaking in upon his protestation; "But I require a straight forward answer. -Will you assure me, upon that honour you set so much store by, that you have never thought of coercing my inclinations by some subtle proceeding, such for instance as reducing me to poverty or getting some one dear to me into 'your - power?" The Marquis flushed vividly and then his face assumed a pallor which was almost livid; he turned sharply round and walked to the window, where he stood for a few moments without replying to Ethel's searching question-. / Although his face was turned from her, yet she knew by the convul sive, agitation of his arms that her words hacLcalled forth' some powerful emotion which was rending his heart in twain. .At last he moved from the window and slowly approached Ethel's chair. "Your words have wounded ma deeply," he said. "Is it necessary that ! should answer such a question?" "it is absolutely necessary." "Then I deny that I have ever sought to further ; my suit by the dishonourable means you have sug- jested,? said the Marquis, in a very low voice. ' A flush of indignation spread over Ethel's features whilst listening to this denial, and her eyes littered with a contemptuous light as she took a liece of paper from her pocket and handed it to De //.,./ . ,.Y I Dijonnais; "You accidentally dropped tMs lasl night. I restore it to you intact, with the request that you will let me know how many more you possess bearing the same signature." De Dijonnais' self-possession again deserted hint i as he glanced at the tell-tale document. It was | plain to him now that Ethel had ample reasons for her searching question, aud that an absurd piece of carelessness on his part had given her the clue to his plot. What could he do to right himself in tho eyes of the woman he worshipped with too blind a devotion ? If he failed to remove the terrible sus picions she entertained against him, lie would be for ever humiliated in her sight, for she would never forgive such baseness. "I will tear it up !." he at last exclaimed. "What care I for your brother's money if its possession cost me your esteem ! " "Its destruction will not wipe out the debt," an swered Ethel. "If the sum of money named on it was fairly won, it must be paid whether you hold a security or not." "But, for your sake I wish to cancel the obliga tion. Surely it cannot matter to you if I choose to refuse the money ? " urged the Marquis. "I. decline to argue the question," was Ethel's freezing answer. " I make no terms with a man who has forfeited all title to my respect." "You are pitiless, merciless, as hard as a stone ! " said De Dijonnais, beginning to get ruffled at her uncompromising attitude. " Do not force me to say some bitter truths in revenge for all your con tumely." "You do not possess the slightest power to wound my feelings, and therefore I do not dread your re velations." \- "Can I not put some passion into your marble heart?" exclaimed the Marquis, irritated beyond en durance by her undisguised contempt. "Can I not make you writhe when I tell you that you are irre vocably ruined, and that I am the man who holds every franc of your fortune; that to me your proud heart must look even for daily bread ? " Ethel leaned forward in her chair, fixed her eyes calmly on De Dijonnais, and gave utterance to % hitter laugh. "I thank you for . telling me what I Vnew before," she said. "I was perfectly aware liat. the man who has driven my brother to tho verge of. suicide, and who has Wflicted upon me the most crushing misery conceivable was Monsieur de Dijonnais." Ethel's voice faltered at last. The recollection of her impending ruin and her brother's disgrace was lie final straw upon her overwrought feelings ; the future revealed itself to her excited mind in such a sombre guise that she broke down and wept bitt "rly. In an instant De Dijonnais was by her side, protesting his devotion in a wild torrent of words which she was at first too agitated to notice. As she became calmer she remarked the dejected and grief -stricken air with which her companion was regarding her, and sorrow, perhaps, made her some what more compassionate. "I nevei. thought I should utter such words to a gentleman is I have to vBubut if they have been too intemperate, you must attribute it to my great affection for my brother." "Your generosity puts fresh life into me,'A,exv . claimed the Marquis. " But I have merited all the harshness you have dealt out to me and more, for my devotion: to' you was so overpowering that I threw aside every principle of honour in order to make you my wife. . My love is a species of mad ness, which, notwithstanding your scorn, still prompts me to commit all sorts of crimes to win you tojmyself. Iam humble now, Ethel, and plead to . you to save - me from the awful-abyss of despair into which life without you would plunge me. Yoa , are my Worship, my Religion; I can see no higher truths without your assistance. Help me then to save my soul, my honour !" , "You are well aware.that I have no love to give you," replied Ethel, whose heart was touched by De . Dijonnais' passionate appeal. "You know that I had given myself long ago to Gerald Gray. Never- . theleBB, should a loveless wife seem desirable, I am willing to engage myself .to you upon theNinder- standing that on the day of our marriage you give m ; my brother's debts is a wedding portion. I need not explain to you that I am sacrificing my self for Jack's sake— that I am selling my free dom to redeem his fortune. I desire you to make no settlements upon me, for. I have sufficient to keep me should I become a widow." The' Marquis was stupefied at this unexpected turn of events. Ilie very thing he had been scheming for, almost bartering his soul for, was now offered him, and yet he hesitated to accept it ! His mind, blinded as. it was with its idolatrous worship of Ethel, almost declined to accede to such a stupen dous sacrifice, involving, as it must, the unhappi- ness of its beloved obiect "la wait your answer," said Ethel, after a long silence. ''Take me and pity me," exclaimed De Dijonnais, throwing himself at her feet. "I have tried to act generously, but have failed. My love is too absorb ing or too selfish to raise me to your pitch of heroism, and whilst I rejoice in the thought of one day calling you mine. I experience a bitter feeling of degradation that I cannot be noble enough to . release ! you from what must prove a hateful bondage." The Marquis was deeply moved as he sr>r>lw. . Passionate love and soul -felt remorse tyrannised : over his mind in wild stormy gusts, and convulsed his franie with their violence. He was "a sight : mist pitiful " in this final battle wherein he yet attempted to redeem the honour ' he once had esteemed the most priceless possession of the De Dijonnais. He could not surrender this sweet English girl for whom-he had staked so muph— more - than she could possibly dream of even if he were , only a mere adventurer. For her sake he was prepared to sacrifice every high principle he formerly held dear; and to destroy every chance of happiness she possessed. Though the mental com bat only serveu to strengthen his resolution, yet it produced a self -horror \|whichi made him loathe himself. ; " . .. Ethel was is total ignorance of all the tortuoua ways by which the Marquis had effected his con quest: She knew only that he had won her brother' fortune, and had offered to restore it sooner than lose her esteem. Now that her excitement had toned down, she felt she ought to admire such generosity rather thn condemn it ; and then his very evident hesitation to accept her as a sacrifice bespoke a greater nobility of character than she had given him credit for ever since she had discovered the fatal promissory note. She finally seceded oil- together from her vantage - ground of indignant, accuser when the Marquis ..exhibited an agony of soul which seemed to her the very acme of moral suffering. r ' : "I deeply regret that my words have so wounded - you," she gently said.- "They were unjust, or they would not have called forth such strong emotion, and I wish to retract them." De Dijonnais stared aghast at the pity and regret in her voice. "Say lib more ! " he exclaimed huskily .- "Say no more, or my: good angel will return and I hall lose you for ever. Listen F" he continued, seizing her banc!.' "To you (look upas a re pentant sinner -to his God. it your face were turned from .ope,. if you ever looked coldly or bitterly upon nie, I should feel as if I were thrust from heaven:- -I could not bear it. x could not exist out of the reach of your smiles, aud I should cease to be. You may imagine such devotion, suck absorbing passion, to be the outcome of an ill- balanced mind,. , Perhaps it is, but, be it what it may, it is to me the only object of my life, and upon it I have staked everything I hold dear. Therefore, in the future that, is before us, promise >7 me, as a return for the love and devotion with which I shall surround you, that you will not let these gambling incidents embitter you- against me; ; and that you will not taunt me with the method whereby I obtained my; urife ? " "I will be generous," answered Ethel, touched ; by the depth of the' love he displayed. "I know the duties that will be required of me, and will v strive to cany them out honestly." " Thank you ! " replied the Marquis simply, though with a pathos in his voice which' shewed that he- was powerfully affected. When, a few minutes later, the engaged couple entered the dining-room and told the momentous news to Jack Brandon, that gentleman was petrified / with astonishment, or rather pretended to be so, for t his quick penetration had divined Ethel's inten tions before she had gone to her interview with the Marouis. His appearance presented a marked con- treat to the melancholic, suicidal condition he ex hibited a 3hort while ago. At a bound he seemed to have leaped from the depths of despair to a state of extreme hilarity, and in justice let it be said that this was not assumed, for was he not freed from penury and the corking cares it entails? His sister's saddened face passed unnoticed in the sun- shine of his own renewed prosperity, and thus it came to pass that a high- souled, self-sacrificing girl became the victim of two self-seeking men ! | /. n.> (.To It contimti. ) 