BUI ipM5 M0P6HTS OF KI^IBLE BELLOW. |f OK MEMORY. ip'':.'v ** I remember, I remember, ||||§; „' In the days of chill November, ij^if f How the blackbird on the — — I fobGbt the rest. It is the beginning of the first piece of poetry I ever learnt ; ffe « Hey, diddle diddle, $£/-V; The cat^nd the fiddle,' I take no note of, it being of a frivolous character, and lacking in the qualities of |pKb $-oetry. I collected fourpence by: the recital of ' I remember, I remember/' j I knew it was fourpence, because theyj told me that if I kept it until 1 got idwpence more I should have sixpence, which argument, albeit undeniable, moved me not, and the money was ^guandered, to the best of my reccollec ^ion, on the very next morning, although upon what memory is a blank. | 'That is just the way with Memory; nothing that she brings to us is complete. She is a wilful child j all her toys are broken. I remember tumbling into a huge dusthole, when a very small boy, ^at I have not the faintest recollection of ever getting out again : and, if Memory were all we had to trust to, I should ? be compelled to believe I was there still. At another time — some years later — I was assisting at an ex ceedingly interesting love scene ; but the Only thing about it I can call to mind distinctly is that, at the most critical moment, somebody suddilenly opened the door and said: 'Emily, you're wanted,' in a sepulcral tone, that gave one the idea the police had come Ipf her. All the tender words she said tome, and all the beautiful things 1 said to her, are utterly forgotten. Jjife, altogether, is but a crumbling ruin, when we turn to look behind : a shattered column here, where a massive portal stood ; the broken shaft of a window to mark my lady's bower ; and a mouldering heap of blackened stones where the glowing flames once leapt, and over all, the tinted lichen and the ivy dinging green. For everything looms pleasant through the softening haze of time. Even the sadness that is past seems sweet. Our boyish days look very merry to us now, all nutting, hoop, and ginger bread. The snubbings and toothaches and the Latin verbs are all forgotten — ' the Latin verbs especially. And we fancy we were very happy ?when we were hobbledehoys, and loved ; and we wish that we couldlove again. We never think . ' of the heartaches, or the sleepless nights, ' or the hot dryness of our throats, when ' she said she could never be anything to us but a sister — as if any man wanted more sisters ! Yes, it is the brightness not the dark ness, that we see 'when we look back. The sunshine casts no shadows on the past. The road that we have traversed stretches very fair behind us. We see not the sharp stones. We dwell but on the roses by the wayside, and the strong briars that stung us are, to our distant ?eyes, but gentle tendrils waving in the wind. God be thanked that it is so — ? that the ever-lengthening chain of me mory has only pleasant links, and that the bitterness and sorrow of to-day are Smiled at on the morrow. It seems as though the brightest side of everything were also its highest and best, so that, as our little lives sink „ back behind us into the dark sea of for getfulness, all that which is the lightest ?' «nd most gladsome is the last to sink, t Wd stands above the waters, long in t^ight, when the angry thoughts and ! Smarting paia are buried deep below the ^ffAveB and trouble us no more. 'f- It Is this glamour of the past, I sup. 1^^,. that makeB old folk talk so much Ipim^nSp' about the days when they were a very superior sort of place then, and things were more like what they ought to be. Boys were boys then, and girls were very different. Also winters were something like winters, and summers not at all the wretched things that we get put off with now a-days. As for the wonderful deeds people did in those times, and the extraordinary events that happened, it takes three strong men to believe half of them. I like to hear one of the old boys telling all about it to a party of youngstets who he knows cannot con tradict him. It is odd if, after a while, he doesn't 3wear that the moon shone every night when he was a boy, and that tossing mad bulls in a blanket was the favourite sport at his school. It always has been, and always will be the same. The old folk of our grandfathers' young days sang a song bearing exactly the same burden ; and the young folk of to-day will droie out precisely similar nonsense for the aggra vation of the next generation. ' Oh give me back the good old days of fifty years ago,*' has been the cry ever since Adam's fifty-first birthday. Take up the literature of 1835, and you will find the poets and novelists asking for the same impossible gift, as did the German Minnesingers, long before them, and the old Norse Saga#writers long before that. And for the same thing sighed the early prophets and the philosophers of ancient Greece. From all accounts, the world has been getting worse and worse ever since it was created. All I can say is that it must have been a remarkably delightful place when it was first opened to the public, for it is very pleasant even now, if you only keep as much as possible in the sunshine, and take the rain good temperedly. Yet there is no gainsaying but what it must have been somewhat sweeter in that dewey morning of creation, when it was young and fresh, when the feet of the tramping millions had not trodden its grass to dust, nor the din of the myriad cities chased the silence for ever away. Life must have been noble and solemn to those free-footed, loose-robed fathers of the human race, walking hand-in-hand with God under the great sky. They lived ia sun-kissed tents amidst the low ing herds. They took their simple wants from the loving hand of Nature. They toiled and talked and thought : and the great earth rolled around in stillness, not yet laden with trouble and wrong. Those days are passed now. The quiet childhood of Humanity, spent in the far-off forest glades, and by the mur muring rivers, is gone for ever ; the human life is deepening down to man hood amidst tumult, doubt, and hope. Its age of restful peace is past. It has its work to finish, and must hasten on. What that work may be — what this world's share is in the great Design — we know not, though our unconscious hands are helping to accomplish it. Like the tiny coral insect, working deep under the dark waters, we strive and struggle each for our own little ends, nor dream of the vast Fabric we are building up for God. Let us have done with vain regrets and longings for the days that never will be ours again. Our work lies in front, not behind us ; and ' Forward!' is our motto. Let us not sit with folded hands, gazing upon the past as if it were the building ; it is but the foundation. Let us not waste heart and life, thinking of what might have been,' and forgetting the may-be that lies before us. Oppor tunities flit by while we sit regretting the chances we have lost, and the happiness that comes to us we heed not, because of the happiness that is gone. Years ago, when I used to wander of an evening from the fireside to the pleasant land of fairy tales, I met a doughty knight and true. Many dangers had he overcome, in many lands had been ; and all men knew him fora brave and well tried knight, and one ^hat knew ' not fear ; except, maybe, upon euch seasons when even a brave man might feel afraid, and yet not be ashamed. Now, as this knight, one day was prick ing wearily along a toilsome road, bis heart misgave him, and was sore within him, because of the trouble of the way. Bocks, dark and of a monstrous size, hung high above his head, and like enough it seemed unto the knight that they should fall, and he lie low beneath them. Chasms there were on either side, and darksome caves, wherein fierce robbers lived, and dragons, very terrible, whose jaws dripped blood. And upon the road there hung a darkness as of night. So it came over that good knight that he would no more press forward, but seek another road, less greivously ( beset with difficulty unto his gentle steed. But, when in haste he turned and looked behind, much marvelled our brave knight, for, lo ! of all the way that he had ridden, there was naught for eye to see ; but, at his horse's heels, there yawned a misrhty gulf , whereof no man might ever spy the bottom, so deep was that same gulf. Then, when Sir Ghelent saw that of going back there was j none, he prayed to good Saint Cuthbert j and, setting spurs into his steed, rode ; forward bravely and most joyously. And naught harmed him. There is no returning on the road of life. The frail bridge of Time, on which we tread, sinks back into eternity at every step we take. The past is gone from us for ever. It is gathered in and garnered. It belongs to us no more. No single word can ever be unspoken ; no single step retraced. Therefore, it beseems us, as true knights, to prick on bravely, nor idly weep because we can not now recall. A new lire begins tor us with every second. Let us go forward joyously to meet it. We press on, whether we will or no, and we shall walk better with our eyes before us than with them ever cast behind. A friend came to me the otter day, and urged me very eloquently to learn some wonderful system by which you never forget 'anything. I don't know why he was so eager on the subject, un less it be that I occasionally borrow an umbrella, and have a nack of coming out, in the middle of a game of whist, with a mild, ' Lor, I've been thinking all along that clubs were trumps.' I declined the suggestion, however, in spite of the advantages he so attractively set forth. I have no wish to remember everything. There are many things in most men's lives that had better be for gotten. There is that time, many years ago, when we did not act quite as honourably, quite as uprightly, as we, perhaps, should have done — that unfor tunate deviation from the path of strict probity we once committed, and in which, more unfortunate still, we were found out — that act of folly, of meanness, of wrong. Ah ! well, we paid the penalty, suffered the maddening hours of vain re morse, the hot agony of shame, the scorn, perhaps, of those we loved. Let us forget. Oh, Father Time, lift with your kindly hands those bitter memories from off our over-burdened hearts, for greifs are ever coming to us with the coming hours, and our little strength is only as the day. Not that the past should be buried. The music of life would be mute if the chords of memory were snapped asunder. It is but the poisonous weeds, not the flowers, that we should root out from the garden of Mnemosyne. Do you remem ber Dickens's ' Haunted Man,' how he prayed for forgetfulness, and how, when his prayer was answered, he prayed for memory once more ? We do not want all the ghosts laid. It is only the haggard, cruel-eyed spectres that we flee from. Let the gentle, kindly phantoms haunt us as they will ; we* are not afraid of them. : 