CORRESPONDENCE '-4- TWO LABOUR LEAGUES. TO THEB BDITOR BIRa,-In Saturday's issue Mr. Wallwork has made an attempt to answer my letter of the 7th inst. (which I hope you will allow me to reply to), in which letter he has simply ignored the principal points, viz., that the fiscal policy was the rock on which labour split, and that they had done well to abandon it, and go in for other measures of more im portance to them. It is the same through. out the whole of his lotter. He has ignored the substance, and fought with the shadow, except in his ABC of 'rotection, where he has simply proved my assertion, that Pro. tooetion, as Intended to be applied, could only result in lowering the wages of labour, and, therefore, could not be a league to benefit labour, but only those pocketing the difference in the price of the commodity, viz, the capi talist; therefore, it was a capitalistic league. Mr. W. says my letter is a curiosity, and tha: I contradict myself by writing under the heading of " Two LabourLeagues." Nothing at all of the kind. Of course, my letter may be a curiosity to him, as it is the letter of an earnest man, anxious for theunity of labour. Mr. Wallwork writes under the heading of "Two Labour Leagues," advocating the union of same. In answer to him, I take the heading under which he writes, point out his errors, and that there is only one labour league, which Mr. W. has not refuted. That this is no contradiction, I will leave you anad the readers to decide. Nbw, sir, about this ghost business. A few weeks ago, as far as my memory serves me-sorry I did not cut it out-there appeared in the Herald a report of an attempted meeting of the Protectionist League, when only a very few turned up, and it was considered that this league was indeed dead, or defunct. Therefore, I am perpectly right in my statement. Whether it was buried or not, I cannot say; if not, it ought to have been. We will way lay this ghost, capture him and dissect him, and hold him up to the public gaze, as an other curiosity for Mr. W. to look upon. Mr. W. persists in saying the objects of the two leagues are the same, when he must Iknow this is not the case; for if they were, why bring this other into existence when there was' a league already formed? Why not join it, since there was little or no differ enco in their platforms? Aye, sir, there is a difference; and it is simply got up to defeat the labour party by a few small capi talists, who are looking forward to the day when they will have become Jay Goulds and Carnegies, by means of wealth wrung from the sweat and toil of labour. Is not the chief plank in their platform Protection, in proof of which I refer you to the Herald of May 4, where their chairman. Mr. Buchanan, at a meeting, iproposed that they should make a start to strengthen the cause of Protec. tion, in view of the approaching election. Not a word about labour. No, sir; labour is a secondary consideration with them, if con sidered atr all. Not so in the league of labour. The emancipation of labour is their platform. They have no fiscal policy to draw their attention away from the labour cause, for they have abandoned it, having discovered that it is like the robber who drugs his victim in order that it may be easy for him to pick his pocket. Now for Mr. W.'s grand A B C of Pro tection. He starts with my assertion, "that no Government would dare to put a tax on commodities that would prevent them from being imported," but leaves out, "without which it would simply en hance the price of the. article, thus reducing the purchasing power of money and the wages of labour." Why did you do this, Mr. W.? Did you want the honour of proving this yourself ?--for this you have assuredly done. It could not have been done better, if I had done it ulyself. You say, it is only upon the things we want and can make, that it is proposed to put a tariff. Why not say tax? There is no difference. Is this not a tax upon tlie pro duction of labour, which will increase the price of the article to the amount of taxa. tion put upon it, thus reducing the purchase ing power of money? You say overy work. ing man in the colony insists upon brinmg paid good wages, which means that the article will cost more in wage, tlan where the wage is low. It is "impossible" that it can be sold as cheaply. If we want cheap goods, we must pay low wages. Then t ask, how coan Protection benefit labour? We must bow our heads to the impossible; you cannot overcome impossibilities. Oh! Mr. W., is this the aim of the Protectionists, to reduce our wages by a tax through the Government to the level of the countries in Europe. Where is your boasted labour league now? You yourself have proved my assertion. You yourself have helped me to waylay this ghost of a league. What a curiosity ! What do you think of it? For my part, I prefer the present state of Now South Wales, as much as I am against it to a system that would, in reality, reduce us down to the level of even a Chinaman. You say that no one wishes to put a tax upon anything we want, and cannot make ourselves. Now, be candid, Mr. W.? Have you forgot your platform; look again, and you will see that after taxing what can be made, all things that cannot be made is to be free (except for revenue purpobses), What does this mean ? It means that you still intenid' to carry on the old method of lawmaking, that you will still leave a loop-hole of escape to drive the proverbial coach and four through your laws, for this very sentence gives power to any Government to tax the whole of the commodities coming into the country, which ~ney would assuredly avail themselves of ; and you call this a labour league. What position would labour be in, in such a state as this, taxed on every hand and side? His wage powei would indeed be small, and Mr. W.'e attempt to convert the labourer into a capitalist is only worthy o. contempt, a mere trickery with words; and as my purpose is not trickery, but the beoat means to advance labour's cause, I will take no further notice of it. Mr. W. asks where did the labour league borrow its platform from, and says from.the Trades and Labour Council. The platform of the league in this district was drawn up before the council ever attempted such a thing-drawn up. by the branches of the league. I know the Broadmeadow branch did so, and sent it with their dele gate, Mr. Wmenspoar, to a meeting of the same, where a platform was constructed from the several sent. Mr. Wallwork must know this, as I put one in his hand just after they were printed; so there was no borrow ing about it, and Mr. W.'s glass house is shivered to atoms. I think Mr. W. is wrong again concerning the word "masses." We hero in Now Bouth Wales live under one of the most democratis c30nstitutions under the sun. The only thing that prevents its being complete is the Governor being a nominee of England. There is no titled aristocracy here, distinguished from the rest of the people: we stand on one common platform, as far as that is concerned; s> that the measea mean the whole of the people of New Bouth Wales, which makes a great difference in the objects of the two leagues, and which, I think, goes to prove that the one is no league of labour. I have done, and I shall take no notice of any further word-trickery from Mr. W. I am in earnest, and cannot at present spsro the time. I am for the advance mbntof labour, and canno stop to juggle with words. If Mr. W. wishes to convince me that I am wrong, he will have to use logical arguments to do so. This I am prepared to deal with; if not, good-bye to him; and if I have only succeeded in putting one little thread into the cable that is to bind labour together, I have accomplished my purpose, anti am amply repaid for my labour.-I am, &c.;, JOHN A. DAVIDSON. Broadmeadow, May 16th. 