THE PILGRIMAGE TO TREVES! CATHEDRAL. The Veneration of Relics. Some of the cablegrams recently to [ hand announce the fact that there is a movement on foot in Europe, amongst Catholics, to make a pilgrimage to the ancient shrine in the Treves Cathedral, in which the Holy Coat is preserved. This ancient relic is supposed to be identical with the seamless garment which our Blessed Saviour wore at the time of His Passion, and which tradition asserts was woven for Him by the hand of our Blessed Lady herself. That the relic is very old and dates back to a very early period in the Church, there is little room to <doubt. The Mother of Constantino the Great, the Empress Helena,' is aaid to have given it to the City of Treves. She re sided there for a considerable time, and in an old chronicle at Treves, which dates back to the 12th century, it' is re lated that the relic was given to the Cathedral during the i Episcopate of a Bishop who occupied the See from 314 to 334,, A p. Then lhere is an ancient1 ivory - in the /Cathedral on which iB depicted the Empress- Helena, awaiting at the Cathedral'doors the arrival of the relic. This ivoiy was submitted to the Frankfort Archaeological Society in 1&46—whose, members are of every form of religious belief—and the Society pronounced it to belong to the end of I the fourth,' or the beginning of the] fifth century. The Holy Coat was placed under the High Altar of the Cathedral in 1196, and some three hundred years or more elapsed before it was again exposed for public veneration. During the wars of the 17th and 18 th centuries, it was: placed for safety in the, Castle Ehreobreistein or at Augsburg, but in 1810 it was again brought back to the Treves Cathedral. Over two hundred thousand pilgrims flocked to Treves to celebrate its restoration. In the year 1844, when it was exposed for public veue- i ration from August 18, to October 6, < more thus a million pilgrims visited the Cathedral, and many wonderful cures was reported. The devotion to relics, says the | waiter of the Catholic Dictionary, solemnly approved by tbe Council of Trent, rests on two,great principles of J Catbolic belief. First, tbe Church honors the bodies of the dead who sleep in'Christ. Odr Lord has opened the Kingdom, of 'Qeaye'n/and given us the pledge and aBsurapiep of the resurrec-j tion of the .body.'- Hence Christians i have lost that, honor of dead bodies which are characteristic of the heathens, and even of the Jews, Bat the Church specially venerates the bodies of the mhftyrs and other faints,, because whilet thby were onearththeir, bodies were the. templesjof thp Holy., Ghost, • and they, themselves.vliving membbrs. of Christ; Their aottlsare already in Heaven, their glorions Tesfirrectionis a matter of certainty* and therefore' the ru. t " Aiti&'JsjiA.jii.kiii.J'ii!- — Church joyfiiily anticipates 'the ies. wjmafa'jjhe ... is of y^ur belief iniheresurrec tionwidbvJfcWOf tbe virtues whioh shone forth Ai^theirtnnts; -For these werenotvirtueebf thbsonl merely, wowptopfcr'w- theiirholb •■iSfaoiSfiW j tiiiT ■ t Iffliiiiai ttirtiiin;' (he resurrection of (he body credible, bIbo toU in favor lof the veneratlon due to relics. And jm Christians h*?*. felt from (he vpry infancy of the Cbprch.' They; gathered tbe . bones of.St. Ignatius of Antiooh f anno < 107): ;*Bdj placed them in lineh '**8'; a jirii&blMs; treasure hieing left to thfcllbly QbPtch by thegrPce whifehlwas. ip'the,martyr*' (Actft,Msrt. i6). When. body yras burned in 167, the .Christians exhumed the bones they conld find *'as more precious than costly stones and more valuable than gold.1"' When in 258 St. Cyprian Was about to be'beheaded, the Christians cast toweljs! and napkins before, him clearly that they plight be soaked in bis blood. Next, Catholics believe that God,is sometimes pleased to honor.the relics ofthesaintB by making them instruments of healing and other miracles, and also by bestowing spiritual graces on those who with , pure hearts keep and ' honor them., .'For this principle the Fathers%eg,/St,-Cyril of Jerusalem, Catech XVIII.) appeal to the Old Testament, which relates the resurrection of a dead body1 which touched the bones of Etiseus, and to the New which tells us that the sick were healed by towels which had touched the living body of St. Paul. Relics' are usually venerated in public by being exposed in their cases with burning lights upon the altar. ' They are often placed there at High Mass and incensed, and are also carried in procession and the people are blessed with them.— Morning Star. 