What Is Human Nature? By Vox Stkllarum, &c.; Human nature iB perhaps tlie most wonderful thing in existence. It varicB as man varies. Man varies according to his birth, how he is constituted, and how he iB iufluenced by stellar powers, by the Unseen Hand, by Divine Providence, by free will and fatalism, and by fate and fortune, i The shallowest of men in perceptive brain power, stoutly maintain that man is a free agent. They do not know what freedom is. Aue intellectual guts in tnese uieu are smaii and very often afflicted with acquisitive and agressivedesignB. They cousider speech able to disguise their small thoughts. Capacity with them .is-like an empty drum — hit the drum and listen to the effect of liollowness reverberating a calf-skin. The astrologer knows well that free will in man is nothing but necessity iu play. There iB liannbny in Creation, Nature is happiness. Happi ness is harmony. But how can harmony reach the heart of man when lie has neith«r the key-note nor the Music of the Spheres ? . The most learned and profound of men admit that they are. only mortal, bodily instruments, in the hands of the Unseen Power, that influences, guides, and directs them according to thoir talents, their intel lects, their worth, and their adaptability. In human nature the animal pan of man must stand first. . It must be souud, and .healthy, .of fair growth and development, t«» oarry, or bear existence through the perils' of life. The philosopher; Ptolemy, held that . the moon signified tbe aniinan virtue, and that the planet Mercury disposed of that virtue. A HO aUItUHl |Mli iiats tllL \UvUc |flO*,iC ation and conservation of the race. It ad ministers digestion, retention and -expulsion' . of food. It is vital aud natural and animal in action. The vital action produces bipod, clioler, phlegm, flesh, and form. , The blood aud the heart, are governed by the aun. The heart is to the body what the aun is to the solar system. It is the mainspring and action of all. When: the heart gees right, all is. right. If it .goes wrong, all goes wrong. Tlie gall is under Mara, and if jt is op pressed you hear christian expletives, bad temper is exhibited, and there is a hot desire to£kick creation, the bucket, or any-, tiling. If Barnum had been anything wore' than a. mere showmau he would have bad half-a-mile of rough road, a Gerinan-waggon, and driven a choleraic old'soldiec round.. ?It would have been a show. The, brain is governed by. Meroury andi disposed of by the moon. If the. moon and Mercury are fortunately placed in a nativity, the thinking part of man is safe ; -if no^ and the moon is afflicted, then the brain is afflicted, lunacy occure, a word and ex pression clearly astrological. \- If we admire the wonders of the circula tion of the blood or the marvels of digesbiou, and get lost thinkiug over it, yet circulation and digestiou go on unceasingly and uu consciouBly if we satisfy the cravings of hunger aud thirst. Not so with the brain. It can have periods of rest or he iu a flame of excitement. The workman in many mechanical handicrafts can go on almost, unconsciously, whilst be. cannot master a game of draughts or chess without exceed: ing mental worry. \Ve have many instances of meu carrying on work as quarrymeu, shoemakers, ploughmen, etc., and solving problems in geology, lauguages, grammar, and thinkiug poetry, love, happiness, har mony, music, etc., whilst working. ? The intellectual brain works with, judg ment, memory, and imagination. Judgment gutaes aud reasons, upon ail matters appertaining to our actions. . Fail ing proper.judgment, errors are committed, - mistakes made — the apparent is taken for the real. Memory is the Registrar-General of our lives and experiences. From memory of thingB past we are able to judge of things to come. If we have no memory we arc always blundering. Imagination coios our thoughts, reflec tions, apprehensions, and failings. . It never sleeps^ In health, it is always moving, always working. Our bodies may sleep, the judgment and memory may sleep, but the imagination never sleeps. When judg ment ib awAke it regulates imagination. When memory is awake it knows where you are,;aud hovr: ugly you have got. , But let the body^ tlie judgment, aud the memory, fall asleep thoroughly, then imagination can ' have an outing, and yap are young again at the other side of the globe, in the arms of a sweetheart, thumping tlie schoolmaster, or , Arrlnrr nh.xit- in t.Viri air. to tlin nd iniratiitu of crowds. T Maybe you dream -of falling from some high chimney arid- are cognisant of every bone in your precious carcass being delightfully smashed tc pieces, when almut half way down, you fall — awake— awfully glad you are in bed. A dream is imagin ation awake. -Many times persons may perceive they are not as soon asleep as their judgment is, and wandering reading, or thoughts, coiue in. Dreams arc a . sure index of the rule of tbe planets at birth. The complexion of tho dream conveys tbe description of the planets so ruling At birth. The born mur derer dreams. of daggers, ghosts, etc. The religious will dream of the last supper. The miserly,, penurious peraoii, will dream of money, etci The aerial dreams of. the imagination just given are fair specimens of the rule of Mereury, the winged messenger of the Dei Selecti, at the birth of the dreamer. That.aB flU'men have brains— ruled by Mercury — some good, some bad, some in different, arises from the fact that Mercury being nearest the sun, has tho least orbit, and travels round the suu in 115 days ; he is, therefore, quick, and of all the planeta makes the most aspects with Che suu and moon in a year; . SiiDinonite in his. 41 Arcana of Astral Philosophy ' says that Mercury, when well dignified in tlie horoscope of birth, repre-. seuts a subtle 'political brain and intellect, an excellent disputant, logician, arguing with learning aud discretion, a searcher into mysteries, 'sharp 'and 'witty ; able to learn anything jvithout a teacher, mastering many sciences, unwearied fancy.^ able to examine occultism. When ill dignified, the native is only a - pretender, loquacious, desirous of nico conclusions, g great liar, a verbalist, braggart void of either learning or judgment.. AnswertoTr-^-The bright star you notice in the East in the evening is A returns, It. A., 15h 10' 41'. Jupiter, is R.A., 23h 14' 31*. Jupiter rises here -about- *' 20 minutes to 12 -in- the evening. - Tlie time givcu iu the. :* Syduey Mail ' is wrong.- . feature's ring is j now getting very indistinct ; it disappears i on-Scptember 22nd. That is to say — what- ever the ring is— it is in an exact plane to the line of sight from the earth. These | disappearances occur ndout every fifteen ( years. 