SCIENCE ©81' THE'. B&lt..; [B\fa.B^e.l: Professor Cbandler-'Koberta, in his Presiden tial Address to the Chemical Section, of the BritishJAESociation, took the history of metal lurev to show how science is indebted to tho practical man, and now generously ai pays iack the debt. Too much credit is often given 0 the. alchemists in connection.with.the foun ation of modern chemistry, and Professur toberts does well to remind chemists of how aueh they really owed to the inventors and workers of all the old processes of extracting he metals from, their ores. And then, on the thtrhand.it is not hard for him to show what eisntihe chemhirylias done for. metallurgy in eaent years, «vhen tha Bessemer process 1 as lowered t!ia. price of steel to a anth of what it wa3 thirty years ago; a, fact, the whole of Metallurgy is being econstructed on strictly scientific lines, 'rofessor Kcherts fears that as regards the -roduction oi metals Britain. has seen its best lays and looks to the mineral wealth of the olonies as. some eoinpsiisation. lie thinks hat in the immediate future the most promis ng field in.jH.etallurgy.is tho adaptation of the arer metals to useful purposes* aud their use n multiplying the number of alloys with the nost divsrse- propertiaa. It is now pxetty generally, known that mala ial fevers of the ag-i9 type are produced by he preseace in the blood of % parasite of the owest form of animal life in contrast to the. jaeteria which are considered to belong to the ?egetabla world. Hitherto there have bercx juzzling discrepancies in tie descriptions and, lrav/rnss given by. difTur'iSt observers of this, )aragitic amwb?,. but aa Italian physician ias recently shown, that these are Jl explained by tbe fact that tho ?roiwure shows itself ia a variety of fonm iccordingto the stage of development, and,' aoreover, that the serias of changes of form.is ias&iy; connected with* ihe periodic coming and rping of the fever aid ague. Following the listory of theamoeba.from the youngest stage, id finds it grows rapidly and takes on colour^ md then prepares to split up into, several pungones,. this ia3t stage occurring- always just befora the bsrst of fever which, is due to the vigoroas attack that the young and hungry broods make on &e; red corpuscle*; when the intervals of the fever seizures are three days simply moans that the fresh broods are pro duced at intervals of three days. The mysterious recurrence of the fever and the shiver oi the patient is merely an external indication of the course of the life history of the internal parasite. Tha most interesting and important discus sion of all at the Congress of Hygiena was that on natural and acouired iuununity from infec tions disease, a subject ta«,t fascinates every type of medical mind from the most practical to the inosb philosophical. I'reiich opinion seems tcdncline to the theory of the Russian Metscfanikoff, that the most important agent in ths. resistance of infectious .disease that has once made a lodging in the body is the white bleodcorpusole3 which.actu ally give battle to and. eat up if they can the invading bacteria. According to this view the resistance offered by a man who has once had typhoid fever to a. second attack depends on the skill which: his white corpuscles have acquired in killing off the typhoid bacteria ; the German aod. English workers are inclined to allow thai, there is possibly something in this view, but that it appears far-fetched and will not account for a large number of jjacts brought out within tho Iasb few years since Metschsikoff advanced his theory. For instance,, it has been proved that tha fluid matte? of. the blood, apart from the cor puscles entirely, can kill tho r5i.er0.bes of diseases in the case of animus that re fuse to take the disease, and it has even been proved that in the case, of an animal vhjch has acquired immunity from a disease by a previous attack, the fluidi of its blood has, acquired the property of kuling' the microbes of that disease. Recent experiments on the influence of diet on tbjd power of resisting disease show that it ia an important factor. Kats when fed on a latxed diet refuse to take anthrax, but after a few weeks of purely vege tarian diet, they heoome subject to the disease. But the mystery that surrounds this power of acquiring lmimmity is shown by the rapidity with which kite human systom can be got to tolerate doses of poisons that) at a first taking would bo quite fatal. Tho white oorpuselcs ef the blood can have little to do with thi3 ac quired immunity, which in many ways is similar to immunity against disease. In tho case of certain very strong poisons, by the ad ministration of gradually increasing doses, animals have been got into such a condition that they could take one hundred times the fatal dose without inconvenience. A 'p*os^ remarkable recent discovery is that JJfl0 ^^ft of such an animal mixed with «' lCpoj^,n makoa it harmless to other aniu^ ^ j*ave notboen hardened up. lh- tnm of immunity is still to hziiaighttm. j.z will bo remembered that a year or two ago a paragraph was set in circulation announcing that a Committee of the British Medical Asso ciation had found as the result of a special in vestigation on intemperance that drunkards aro more long-lived than total abstainers. This gross misrepresentation of tho true views of the Committee was so eagerly swallowed as truth by a certain class of people, although on tho face of it an untruth, that it was found necessary .it the Congress of Hygiene to issue an authoritative popular statement of what the true views of the Medical Committee really are, namely:— (1). That habitual indulgence in alcoholic liquors, beyond tho moat moderate .Vmoimts, has a distinct tendency to shorten life, the average shortening being roughly pro portional to tho depree of indulgence. (2.) That of men who have Massed the aire of twenty-five, tho strictly temperate live on the average at least ten years longer than those who become decidedly intemperate. The othei conclusions relate to Uie connection between intemperance and disease. Aft-r this the heavy drinker will have to get on as bust he can without the imagined sanction of the Uritisl Medical Association. . To illustrate in a striking manner the cheap ness of aluminium brought about by receni metallurgical advances, a Swiss firm has.built s Email steamer entirely of the light metal ever, to the very engines and screw profiler. The boat is 20 ft. bj- 5 and is driven by a 2-horst power oil eagjne. This indicates that before long the Twiblic ought to see more than it has done of Ihe conveniences to be obtained ft on: cheap alirninium. The oil engine too is making strides ; more than one large English engineer ing firm have turned their attention to the sub' jeet, and not too soon, for French and Gannon engineers are busy at the problem of turning one 2: T^ e00IIWnic?:.HE5- 'A™05'''! consumers of power, espt!C2..' C'5 small amounts, would do well to keep the potroleuni engines in view during the next few years. An American mineralogist who has made a microscopic and chemical study of samples of ore from Mount Morgan supports the opinion that Mount Morgan Mine is really a hot-spring deposit. It is singular that among the active hot springs which are to-day forming quartz deposits none are known to show mort- than a trace of gold. Perhaps when the Mount Morgan Mine was forming only a mere trace of gold could have been detected in its watera, bnt the lone course of geological time has jier lnitted of concentration to die present degree of richness. The most interesting feature of the Frank fort Electrical Exhibition is the transmission of power by electrical means from LaufFen, which is lO'J miles away, to the Exhibition. The total horsepower transmitted is about 100, and this is carried all tho way on three bare overhead copper wires, t-achouly it sixth of an inch thick, and carried on ordinary telegraph polc-s. The loss of power in trans mission has not yet been determined, but in any case it 13 a sufficiently striking result that 100-horsepower should be sent by telegraph ?wire over a distance of KM) miles from the spot where it is derived from a waterfall, and without excessive loss. The performance will certainly interest those who are working at the scheme of utilizing iNiagar*. and tiie industrial revolution which enthusiastic elec tricians have been jwophesying as the out come of recent electrical work looks nearer at hand. Another scheme for the connection of Eng land and France by a tubular railway in place of a tunnel has been brought forward by Sir E. Heed at the British Association. He' pro poses to construct two tubes of steel plate and concrete 20 feet in diameter each, to be made in lengths, each length to be floated out for attachment to the completed length already laid on the bottom. He calculates tli.it a sum of twelve or fourteen millions would ba re quired to carry out the plan, but his critics say that he would need to double his estimate and then be far from safe. One difficulty about all these schemes for connecting England with the Continent is that it is impossible to make a satisfactory estimate of what the traffic would really be, because nobody can estimate what fraction of thft total traffic between tho Con tinent and England could be secured by the railway route. At present the onlv use of these schemes api-eara to be to exercise the imaginations of the more ambitious engineers and_ familiarize them with the principles of design required for large structures. Dr. Tylor, at the British Association, rsad an important paper on 'The Limits of Savage Religion.' He says that it has become clear by the enquiries of anthropologists that the world-famous Great Spirit of the North American Indians arose from the teachiugs of the Jesuit missionaries in Canada early in the seventeenth century. This :ind analogous names for a Supreme Deity previously un known to the natives have since spread over North America, and got amalgainated with the real native beliefs and ceremonies in a mo3t complicated manner. Dr. Tylor then goes on to analyse the causes of tho almost universal attributing to savage races of religious be liefs which they never possessed. These are: — Direct adoption froai civilized teachers, thv exaggeration i/f genuiun nativo- deities of a lower order into & god or deviL.and the conversion of natire words de noting a whole class of minor spiritual beinf*3 such as ghosts or demons into iadmduM names, alleged to ba those of a supruma God or a rival deviL These opinions of Dr. Tylor have been held for some time by tho most enlightened anthropologists, but it is a good thing that he has given definite popular expression to them, for people have long enough been under delusions aa to savage religion. Much of our information about tha religion of savage ruees is furnished by peoplo ivho did not know their language. an4_ how they were to get a definite idea of a vague re ligion under these circumstances is hard to imagine ;. much more has been furnished by- missionaries who had really learned the lan guage but who had a religion of their own to teach, and so unconsciously in thoir enquiries put leading questions about things the poor savage*, has no gmsp.of, and to which he returned the easiest answer. To- realize the force of Dr. Tylor's warning ono has only to look up the hopeless jumble tha lias been put on record as tfa.3 religion of the-. Australian aboriginals. Of course'on the other hand there are many skilled and sympathetic? snquireM who have given na.acVurate state ment of the superstitions of the peoples. thay- have worked amongst, but they' constituto. only a small fraction of thoso.whq have wfitteu. on savage religion. Recent investigations hayo shown that. in. the _ leaves of plants thera'^s a. f enuentvery similar to that which crusts', in tho saliva of nniTrrth and helps in the 'conversion- o£ in soluble starch into solute sugar. ' Such. a- ferment is very necessary 'to tha plant to enable it to distribute the starch formed ia th* leaves under tlo,. action of sunlisrhtj to other' parts of th^, plant which ,reqjiire nourishment, but carrot make it foir4 them selves. It is interesting 'to learn tiat even hi the minute pollen erria there is a ain^ll supply of this saliva-like fanneht to convert 'its granules of starch irto sugar when tlja pollen grain in fertilizing ^ Bower has to ^throws oub a tube, and has to cspiily solubla nourislimenb for it during its gr-^u.'th, In connection vrjSh water-bGring^ operations in Australia, a report. by a tTnited. Statea irrigation Com^Jssioner on what has been achieved in Algeria by meanalcf ^artesian wells is interesting. He ^iins that Algeria fur nishes the inos!» Temarkable-,instance. of recla mation of de:srt land, by welj* water. Since 1S57 when op.^jatious w'era .commenced under the French 1&000 wells' have, been bored to depths betixsen'TOand 4O9.'feet, and on tha average yield water at a.pressure that brings ib to 2 feet a^ye the aur/ase. By their means 12,000, DOC*- acres hava been reeJaitnod and planted wish the vine, date palm* and millet, and already Algeria baa .been, made a greak wine coaBtry. Tho remarkable, liquid . compound of nickel and carbonic, osids,. which wa3 discovered a short time, ago, and excite-d much purely chciQtcal interest} promises already to becotna of immediate indastrial.utUUy; for it is found thai bodies can.be coated rckh nickel by simply exposing theic.to the vapour of tho liquid, or raore_ simply still by merely^ painting with a solution of the liquid in benzine or petroleum. The process, of. really nji«&el-plating; bodies by merely paieting them will be a great stride as regards ahe conveniscee of the public in advance- of the method of electro-d_epo3ition which ias to be caviled out in special work3 under aien with syecial technical training, lb only somaius to aaake the manufacture o£ the* now compound cheap enough, and that is only a n&tter; of a Uiti& time. 