kmstofmillbam. fef:.;,: . fMiRISON WITH A HISTORY. kj '.vThe Great Penitentiary to Let. fe£A<5EW weeks ago the great rusty gates i olosed.on the lust prisoner, and Millbank 'Penitentiary (England) is now — "To Lot!" li A-few oinn buson carried awuy the lodgers 1; <6fbther:quartors, and tho jaunt to Worm- 7 .%Dod ; Scrubs provided thorn with a brief sfilurihg. The wrist of each prisoner was on- iiicijolod: with a, steel ring .through which rail k chatn. . Otherwise they might have been ' celebrating a bank holiday, or have been off a .beanfeast. A white-haired veteran | ojiened the prison gate to us, and we were :||jtoldi that we might wander at our - own; ;((iweet.will, for every door was open. What' 'y'i'.prison ! Every door open ! Tho .vans ijsvere loading up all sorts of queer burdens. iiiThere were plank beds by the score, and ijiwll tables with stools, and piles of grim 'iprison costumes. Here was a pilo of heavy ;!zrieze r cloaks '. of ' blue and drab, and :|'there: a parcel of prison pottery, with fthe broad arrow emblazoned upon it. Wo ".turned, off to the right, and, passing through 'jai' deserted guard-room, walked into a dismal pasage, which seemed to run for a .'.mile. . V. : - ' "the cells open, and, some of them contained tho (J'almple furniture which is. necessary for a i-;;ptisoner. The plank bed, highly polished 'W.ith long usage, was propped up against the whitewashed wall ; the little square table i was in its place, and upqn it wore some jgf nel-stuincd woodeu spoons with the edges t ! w.ell worn with teeth inat-ks, a broken salt- , ( cellar, a toothless comb, and a tin water dish. \- < One cell resembles unother. If you haveseen (one you have seen them all. Tho narrow (passage is .blocked with coll furniture. . Tables stand one on the top of the other ; (tools and tin plates, prison brushes and aaltfltellars, spoons and dishes, and a hundred j'hnd one odd and ends of prison life lie ! together in confusion. If you mount up the (first flight of stone steps it is the sanvl and . (the- second. At one corner is the ukiei .Warder's office, a cold aud gloomy apartment . ;t all topsy-turvy. Tho table is strewn with the .'grimmest documents; the walls are j'hpng. .with the dreariest tabulations; the (j floor is littered with refuse such as broken bottles, tracts, and worn-out books. In .5 "fact, the chief warder has been turning his pookets out. . On a nail hangs a pair of lingo (lust slippers. They are called "snakes." UThe warder slips them over his leather, (iaiad waiks along like a ghost, keeping his ears open. In this meiuncholy npart- j xnent the officer casts up his dismal ledgers. :-! Here he balances his dreadful accouuts ; and (even in its .dismantled state yon come across -fy grim entries to the effect that B 91 over 43, 'sjj say, is to be minus half his stirabout, or is .:pnt down for punishment. One slate I | noticed (remarks a writer) was divided into <ij these sections : " Unlocked!" "Discharged," '('-Transferred," "Received." It was like a ;! merchant's counting-house. Am I divnlg- -il lng the secrets of the charnel-house when I ;'i; reveal the contents of another slate, and ft.; which contained the trades practised by the i nien in the chief warder's charge V— '<! 'Laborers Bookbinders (. : 'Whitewasliers Shoe Repairers :J. Oakum Pickers Blacksmiths ; : 'Tailors Bricklayers (I : 'Tinmen ' Carpenters .I.'! ; Cleaners Painters. . Tinkers ft. 'But let us bo more cheerful, and read the (culinary menis. Here is the nice refreshing bill of fare called " punishment diet," with (three sub-heads ( bread and water diet. i ' Breakfast, 5 ounces of bread. 1)4'.'.'' Dinner, 6 ounces of bread. V(: : Supper, 5 ounces of bread. ? sub-head ii. or tne stirabout. Breakfast, 8oz. ot bi ead. j ' Dinner, 1 pint of stirabout and 8oz. of (( " potatoes. (f Supper, 8oz. of bread. " sub-head nr.— full standard diet. . ( j ' Breakfast, 8<iz. of bread. s . Supper, Soz. of bread. . . " What is stirabout, by the way ?" (p ! 2oz. of oatmeal > . , , . ' . . ' Soz. of Indian meal j toUpmtsofwater U . We leave the pentagon, and find our Way to j- , tne chapel, v;l» circular building, now being dismantled. The organ is. in pieces, the nltar is pulled (down, and only the grim gallery and the ; long rows of forms remain. Mr. Merrick, (most kind and friendly of prison chaplains, (huB taken the rest with him to his new icharge, and the. building which has wit- Bessed so much suffi ring, and held number- JesB thousands of the outcasts of society, is Bow itself an outcast, in the last stage of (decay. In one of the yards stands a great (XDplanchoIy shed, Avith gaping sides. Enter :it, and you find that its roof and the pillars ) which, support it have once keen highly (decorated with gold, and red, and blue. .It. was once the Komal Catholic chapel of . Millbank ; a more modern one took its place.1 . A few weeks ago it was an oakum ah'ed.' . Changes are wrought by time, oven (within a prison fortress like this. The : kitchen fires arc cold ; and in the grateB lie (A few grey ashes. Tho last pint of stirabout (has been brewed in yonder iron cauldrons. :A few- kitchen utensils: lie about on the : dressers ; dried crusts of coarse bread, shin -bones, of cattle and coarse condiments. The (workshops are empty, the lathes are silent, the-furnace roars no more. In the yard I «aw the remains of a couple of rats who had fouglit a mortal combat in the snow. I sup pose the victor should have consumed tho vanquished, for Millbank would not support even a prison rat now unless it could live on rusty iron, broken-up plunk bods, and cor roded plates and panuikius, the sweepings of half a century. At tho door which loads up to the infir mary we met Mr. Sutton, a worthy old warrior-warder, who had heard tho bullets whistle at skbastopol, and shivered in tho frozen trenches. I had the wholo bloody story of the siege whilst wo walked round tho prison on our way to the graveyard. The cokl and dreary land scape brought up a flight of biographical bubbles. " Aye, sir, and tho bullet singed my flesh nnd then whirred and whizzed into Jim,. who dropped, and gurgled ' Mother'; a' blood- spout in tho air, and all was over. Poor Jim ! ' Jim's body lies under the snow just like these. It might have been me." A foot of suowveovers tho graveyard to-day ; a bitter wind (swoops across it; the snow ; lias even filled in the lotters denoting the ' names of the dead. Lot us leave theso un recorded in their melancholy solitude. Wo pay a hurried visit to tho infirmary in tho corner, in which tho last of tho inmate's of Millbank is sitting up. in .bed. ' His time is up, poor fellow, but he is cough ing hard em .ugh to burst every vein in his body ; so here ho waits for a while. We then paid a visit to the prison-office, in charge of Mr. Edmunds, who sits alone in his glory, packing up prison papers. The conversation turned on prison menus. " Is prison soup good, Mr. Edmunds ?" " I find it first-rate." " It is composed of ?" " Four ounces of shin of beef, 4oz. of split peas, 2oz. of carrots, turnips, cabbage, onions, and other vegetables." " And seasoned with salt and peppor ?" " And seasoned with salt and pepper. You would pay a shilling for a busin of it." > " And prison pudding 5" " Ripping," replied Mr. Edmunds. " Composed of— ?" " Half a pound of bome-meal, 1-Joz. of suet. A most excellent pudding, I assure you." " And porridge ?" " The very best Scotch oatmeal, 3oz. to a pint of water. The spoon stands up in it." " And gruel — a little weaker?" " Two ounces to a pint of water. Tho spoon is at an angle of 45dcg., and executes a slow and graceful curtsey to the edge of the platter." Aud the storekeeper turned away to dis cuss with a carter a question of stale — that is how many plank-beds would go to- a van load ? Did the Scrubs want any mure coll tables? Wore tin plates required or blue wuro ? \- « " 'Ero's the isters, and the rump steak — a chice bit, guv'nor," called out a' tradesman's boy with a basket. The storekeeper counted the "isters" and weighed the "chice bit." " For you, storekeeper ?" "For tho last inmate of Millbank." 