Cíjr .§>i>ïmcp ¿Horning fttrato. SATUEùAI, MAI 2, 1891. v His Ex.-i.tENt). the GoveiWob, tho Gountos» of Jorsoy, an I party, will return to Sydney fra in Now.aijllu this morning. TnE vice-regal party went ronnl the harbour at Ntwooatlo yesterday and insiisoted a number of faotoiias, 8m Hurrar Pabkes arrivos. in Sydney at noon to-dsy from Melbourne* Lona Kintore and party reaohad Wyoliffo yosterdar on tboir jnumor. The Imperial Postmoitor-Gonoral is anxious for an Aus ra ian paicols post and a reduced cabio tariff to Quorn eland. A MEKTiKO of pastoralists waa hold yesterday at Cooma, a strong désira was expressed that a general mealing of | aatoialials should bo held at onoo with a viow to organising tho district and deciding upon united action. The crickets ar» said to bt as dnstructiTO jnst sow on the south bank of th« Murray, as locusts. I'hey have attao.od the leaves and young uboita oí tho vino. TnE English mail by the B.M.S. Mnssilia is due I for delivery in Syduoy lo- day. Tau ¿doliid. muter bakers hare determine, hot I to oonoede to the demands of their employees, go the employees will go oat on strike to-d&y.; The iSldor exploring expedition, it is understood, left Warrina yeatorday morning for Oootaboorina and the west. Eight young pirls woro eentonood to terms of imimsoimont, ranging from a tor night to a mouth Tor shop-littinr; at Pit h on Thura lay ; but th« imgisira s ad lo 1 thay wou d ba released i£ they made restittniou of thi amount of trio dam igoa asie-e-o I atrainst tbeni, which was taken advautaje ol. All the priso ore worn emploi eil at thu eaiab lishmert from which they stole; but the wagoe re coivod by thom wero vary row. Fueedom of comraot is tho principio at stalte in the P'osent Bhoariii: dispnto, and the pastoralists say that it cannot bo submitted fur discussion either in open cun foi once or at a board of concilia- tion. Two unionists were sentenced to two months' lia-d labour on Thursday at Clermont for stealing flour. The bridge over tho Kurray at Mulwala, it is exroctod, will be opened in November. Tub remaining morn lers of tue family, whioh has be n utruoU down by diphtheria st Alfrod own hjvo b.on ronov»el into tents; but the plague is expcoio 1 to carry off another yet. The &l;_onio installation of officers of Lodge Livingston took place yesterday at Maclean. Tuhei; men, yo-t-rday, at Penrith, wore oharged wilh rioting at Spriugwo ,d. an i comutit'ed for tiial. Mb. Onicir, M.L.A. for West Mncquaiio. received a volo of confidence at Bathurst on Tnursday night, Ybstkihiay being oieht-hour day in Queensland, a demonstration was held at Barcaldine. About 1250 members asuo-bled in camp and marched through ti e town. Tub committee of the Animals' Proteotion Society havo sent an inspector into the auuaty to see if hcr-os ara oror*i>rkoil the'ro. Tub nn'ional priz»B offorod tor tho best managed poultry farms In any part of iho colony have bdVn a*aided to Messrs. J. W. Ponder, Wast Mnitl&ud;, and Walter Mo o, Boauyrigg, near Liverpool. TrtB Bega, with the members of the Marine Board, should reaon Sydney to-dav. Ms. A, Bowman, M.L.A., recived a volo of conlidonco nt Whounoy Croea on Wednesday even iug, but on th» following night mot with rather a boisterous rto-pl on at Pitt Town. Tub trolly and dray men's dispute has been temporarily sett ed by tro City Carrying Company taking on toon? bauds again, fora month, at the old rates. Mu, Waltbu Wilson-, who ha' for some time past boen studying tlio.Briiis'h postal system, will arrive in Sydney on the ¡.'Sid proximo. A syndicate li as lieon lormed in London to erect srrcltng works tor the treatment of tue go.d and silver eros iu Tasmania. TnK gr ve charts preforrcd »gainst Cap'ain E, TI. Veruey, ALP., lias been substantiated in the Bow-stroot Polio Court Tub camp of unionists at Sandy Creek, near Clermont, is »aid to n >mber SUDO. Mn. BonniiT Fitzoebald, M.L.A., speaking be- fore bis con>tuue»t-at Cassilis on Tnnniav, said that tia Federation Constitution »ould i over puen in its prosent form A volo of omfideace was mwnimoasly accorded h m. A üNinKiirr demonstritinn was held at Charle- ville yost rday. All the 701), who took part, wore the blue riiibon. As nani'tialiy large number of cablegrams were sent away irora Adelaide yesterday, whim tho redticod rates were ihauguratuJ. Tub Victorian Govern meat has appointed a new board to înv-siigute aud report upon the Queens cliif uun ucoid/iüt. 'lun Wngga residents hold a meeting yesterday in order to push forward iho>r claims ta be tue metro olia of the Oommonnoilth. A formai reso- lute n was proposal setting forth the durras of tho place, but an amendment adverse to the pro- posal was can io J. The Jlayora of Waterloo, Alexandria, Botany, and North Botany wero . xamined yesrerday before the City liaiiway Extension Commi-sion. Tub new tramway time-tables came into foro» yesterday. The special session of the Diocesan eynod was coutinucl yesterday. Tue Rev. Mark Gut Pearse was welcomed at a special tervice last evening in tho Centenary Hall, and an addrca waa preeontbd io him' by the Cornish men's Atsvoiation of Now South Wales. Arranobmests ure being'made at Ba'oaldine for bringing additional freo shearers from trisbane. Tue fourth day's ei'ting of th» biennial meoling of the Oiand United Ordor of Oddfellows was hold yus orday At the BOedety 's hall. Tue president of the Builders' Association, woila undor examination before the Labour Oom miss-o yesterday, said that ho favoured courts oi conciliation. ' ila Syukey Smith, Minister for Mines and Aincult'iie, will address his constituents at Sunny Corner th s evrnmg. * TnE now composite carriages, (ha Hailwav Oom' .minBioners say, will bo attached to the Northern mail train, for tho une of passengers from the North-Western 1 ne. TnE Centennial Hall wai very well filled last oven ng on tho occasion of (he concert in aid ot tho widow* and Bullerais bv the late Middle Head dis- aster. Lord and Lady Charles Scott sod the Jlnyor and Muyoio s of Sydney wero present, as well as tho officers of the i orces. Tub Xorth Shora residents intend inviting the Governor to turn tho first sod of the North Shore rail» a> extension. At the Central Police Court ycterday Miohael Mcinerney was j-harged with viobnlly os»aultini< Cat enr.e M'In-rnov, and commit ed for tri ,1. The piosocutrix toll a pitiablo talo of how sha bad buen ill-used, and bad was rolused theifirisoner. 8irt He-tnY Pahkes and tho lion Thomas Play- ford vis t-d Ballaiat on Thursday, where they were banqueted. ' Mu. TunsErt, M.L.A,, who has just received a portfolio in the Victorian slirisirv, has been re- turned by hi- constituents unopposed. The Molbourne trades socreties intend to support the shoarers in Queensland llnanoiaily. Oon Now Yoik Letter is publisbod to-day, in whioh is mmtioned the M'Kinley Tariff Bill and the lynchinp of thu Sicilians. The M iy Day Labour Celebration will bo hold this ufternoon in the As.o iation Cricket Ground. .' Fun on the Bbibtoi." »ill disiilaco " Little Black-yed fcusan " at the Garrick Theatre to- night. TnE Bronçh-Bonoicault Company will p-oduce a oom. dy entitlr-d " Imprudence " at the Criterion Theatre to-night for the first time. Tua Ouslotus returns rusiv^d at Me bourne during April w«ro £2814011. The rovenue di leoied throughout rhe whole colony for the last month wa.s £245,7(15. Tna Customs revenue received yesterday amounted to £8428 ; for the mooth of April, £175,415. TnititE was very little bnslness in the Stock and Share market yesterday, and quotations were un- altered. The Murna returns maka the population of the Tamworth district 14.420; ¡Haitian I di-triot, 28.472-, W indaor oiatriet, 11,041 ¡ Cobar, 1820: Cooma, 8120. Tue popnla'ion of the dist-iot of Walcha, which numbered 808 ten years ago, ¡saw 8016. The ever agitator! and keenly contested liquor licensing question hua bean carried forward by nome recent and ruthor important incidents in Ingland, but it can hardly be sai.I to be brought hy them any nosrer to a solution. A few weeks ago what will be quoted au the grout leading case on the liconning question, that of Shurp v. Wakefield, carno bo i ore the II. u*e of Lordn, nnrl wai ihfre finally*determined, During the last thma yeur.i, during whioh thi« ouse has made ita coHtly and olosply-wiitohed woy through no less than lire courts, it has been retarded as i eeply freiejht»d with iho hopes and fortunes of the licoussd-victu.illini.' interest. The qufti'tions to be determined were, whether or not the licensing justices exer oiw5 a froo disoretion tn granting or refus- ing the re ewal of a liormse, whether a license lamed for a year or for a longer continuous period, and whether in tho former case it represented a vested interest extending over a longer period than that of the yearly license. The case Brew out of the refus'il of a licence by th« licensing justices of a rural diviflio» of Westmore« land on the grounds - of ' the " iJmote ness of tho' inn I rom pulica supervision, and the character _tn>l uooossi/ios of the neighbourhood." The deci.Un was carried i n appeal successively to i-lls Court ol Quarter Sost-ions, the Cuurt of Queen's Bench, the Court of Appeal, ami tli Housa of Lords. The deoisiun ol the lai-n lined Court, which is published ¿sewhera in thirt isuiie, waa givon o/ March 20, und waa in acrord vith the declsiuna of all the courts /of lower jurisdiction. In this cat-e /the Hw showed n«ne of ita fri-iuetit m certainty und vurletv of judgment Etch Court in succession decided/ that .he license is only issued fir a yiar that the appiicunt for tie renewal of a license Blunda on jutt the Bitna tootini», so far as the /diaorotiofiary povverof the Licensing iienol'i-concerned, na the tipplicutjt for a new IfcenBe, andlhat the low rtougnisos no veste/ interest df the publicuu in his license. Jhe last cocit of appeul having now deoidid in cuufrina tion of the judgment»' of the !ow_r courts, thÍB important I principle," with all uf itM bearings on the question of cdin pensation for the roftisuí or w ithdruvval of licenses, must bo regarded ub Anally and unquestionably established. it oai.not be denied that ita bearings upon the compensation question ?" uro important. It is o vident that it the lio-nso gruiiled has only a. year's currency lhere oiin be no claim on lelilí grounds lor :ora penentioa on aocount of the relusul oi its renewal ut the expiration of that ,erm, Siuco there is no legul claim for its renewal tliere can be no .legal claim for compensation when the renewal is refused. There is in tHs au importunen which, cunnot be gansaid. At the Burne time it may I e paisible to overrate it. Indeed, it ma; bs questioned whether it waa ever' Peri ouöly b.liovod that the license siood on any other basis than that now alHrmed by law. If ii had iioun held thut tho license waa in law in the nature of a permanent proptrty or estate, there could liom the tir.t have been no question about compensation at all. No dispute has ever arisen alout the necessity of paying enmpenaution for the freehold of the public-house ii it is required for public p irposes. The fact thai, compensation for licences liai alwuys been viewed na a political question, to bo decided by legislation in the event of nny t-ennrul iuterioronco with ihe liquot tmde, inay'ue tuüeu as implying the recognition, or at least the belief,, ihut no c1 ni in for componction could bo safely rested on purely legul grounds,' Indeed it is quite uripiiivht that the practical question so fur as general legis- lation is vouoeined is almost .¡holly ¡oli tical. All that the legal deoision bus done is to deilne the present position. Wé see that within a lew weeks of this decUiou being (.iven'liy the court of ultimute appeul, <he House'of Commons, dealin.; with the questl-n ippnrently in connection with pioposed legi-Iation, has alhrrued thopriuciple of compensation. Hero again, to bo able to appreuiute the .iguili cunce of this resuluuon, we req lira to linovv ita pri oise i-copa and terms. Wheu the present Lngli»h Ministry at- tempted to give powers of liquor restric- tion und compensation to the county councils, and to provide a fund for that purpose, so strong and determined un oppo- sition was oflerwd to the propo-al in Par- liament that it hud lo be withdrawn, It is beyond question thut thougu the law only allows un annual duration for the liceuHO, almost unbroken oii.tom allowa continuity of tenure. The continuity of goodwill iu the license, which the law denies, the English Lxohequer utlirms by treating the g< odwill as propel ty, and taxing it accordingly. Ihe question when tho matter coiii.s lor political determination is not whetier tho publican has a legal claim, }ut whether o i ull tho fucts of the ouse'an equitable chiirn is not mado out slice now legislation is required to disposals bim. -'ibis represents the strong tile, of the publican's cuse. Un the other baud it is materially limited by tile eolnd principle enunciated by Mr. Gladstone, that restrictive legislation must lot " oonvert a license in lo an estate."'It musl not, the leslriutioniBts maintain, tut the publican in a better pusiton . than he stands ia alreudy, ciice , the olijout of such legislation' is ' to lObtncl bim, it must not begin by giving him a legal elulus he does not already I ossess. Were it to do this it ú ould ob defeating ils own pui'po-e. Kitther tiiun this it would be better to leave minter.. On their present looting, and effect the oojuct by woiking wit.iiu the limits o£ Hie law as it now exists. Vhen all these considerations und oppsidng argumenta are taken into view it iv.U bo Been thai, valuable us it ia as a declara- tion of luvv, the judiciul decision of the House of Lords does not mucti affect the pruoucal political question, out Jeuves this as betöre to lind ita own solution tor its own dilliuulties. Our cable mocaagoa give prominence to an impoitaut question thut ia being torced on the world usan outcome of the aJvuuce mont of the age. That quest on ia üb to the duty of a people to prsleot itself ugoinst the failures of otlitr iiuIiOhb' social and political life.' At no oller period have means of iiitoicommuuica lion between countries been *o easy, as a consequence the migration oi peo, les . f different race un i habits ot lite hus been greuily prumotetl, and there hus bten a blenumg ot nationalities suoh us the world nevoi raw before. This, in many respeots, ia a desirable thing ; but it has its lever.e side, and thut aide is obtruding lt.elf itupleuBuntly in many places ia; the présent time. 1'or not only ihuso vhose oharauter has made tbeir lives a failure, but tuose who are at wur with law and order, and prey on their fellow-men, bud whose country has become too i ot to hold them, «.lud every facility fur drifting away to new scenes j and, u. the pro verb say s, they do not change their niture who cross the ..eus, they curr) with ibem the habits 0f life which ure a trouble or a duuger to their feliow-men. The ^em- barrassment whioh this ia cuuaing ta the people among whom they conn is beginning to tell, and there seeiiB a general upiising of puiilic feeling, and an evident deteimination Ibat every country must be malle to eoisaiuo its own dross, Wo loam by cobie Ih.t a conference of 300 persons, includii^ 40 members ot the Iloube ot Comm, us, was about to be held in Loudon, to dibO_s_ the question of the exclusion ot penniles» foreigners from Grout Britain ; wo ftitiher leurn that the -Senate ot the Uiiied Stakes Congress ia considering lue inmi grution of undesirable persons into the Union, and with u view to the exoliis'on of pauper immigrants more stringent regula- tions are proposed. Our tiun fnmoii-oo letter tells ui that there ia a ¡in_7ersul demand from all the leading newspapers throughout the States lhat mire' rigid supervision should bo ina e as to the mode in whioh the nutu_-aliBatiö_t law* »" exe- cuted and tho privileges ef otizenship conferred on foreigners. Now, at first night, ali these proceedings may seem aots of jnhospitality and inhumanity, and the humanitarian may ask : Are the unfortunate poor to be banned, and pre- vented from finding un opportunity for rising out of their misery ? But another question may bo put : Is any people obliged to bour the conaequenoea of another nal.on's misconduct, and ure ita institutions, which have boan framed for ils own happiness, to be abused and burtltoned for the p irpose of rectifying tho wrongs and relieving the i-ufferinfes thut havo come of other and foreign Systems with ?whioh it is in no way ooncerned P It may he entiiely right for a man to voluntarily Btretch out his hand and relieve distiesi ; i but for a man to bo d-luged with a flood of misery whiob he ia forced to relieve whether he wills or not, would ba intoleiablo. Peoples are just like individuals, and have a right, by all the claims of humanity aa well as justice, to urrest a flood of wretchedno-s and crime that may be pouring in upou them ?without their aeoking. There is no in- humanity in this, but simply the right and duly thut pertain to every mau to see to the interests ol his own household first, and to protect it from degradation. Events that havo been recently occurring in the United ¡.tates abundantly wurrant the American people in putting a Blop to the indiscrimi- nate immigration that has > eon pouring in upon them from every State of Lurope. The riots desoribed in tho letter of our San Frunoitco oorreepoadent having taken place in Pennsylvania, and whioh have assumed almost tho charuoier of insuneotion, have been the work of *' men who are nearly all un naturalised foreigners, principally Huns, Poles, Sclavs, and Italians ;" and the troubles at New Orleans,-which have dis- turbed the whole Union, and threatened to involve ,tho Unitod States in a disamrdus war, aroce out of the presence in tho States of hordes of foreigners accustomed to the murderous usages of their native land, and inoipable apparently of appreciitiniç or adapting themselves to the peaceful insti tutlnna of tho land which hud received them. And the pauper«, aa well «a tho criminals, who have been pouring into the States like a -tream from the lowest haunts of degradation in other lands, have been not only an expensive burthen, but an em barraaanient to a people who have been Btriving manfully to build up their insti- tutions on the law-abiding character o t their own citizons. In such a oa-se as this humanitarjanism is altogether out of the question. America ha-s given a refuge to the poor and the distressed beyond any other country in the world ; but when that h spitalit, is abused and a itions are con- niving at or encouraging the driftin_; away to ihe Stales of their own de gradid or criminal clasises, instead of raising or reforming them, common reason neclures ihnt the time has come when thia nbuio should stop, und when the nution thut has done so much for the relief of hummity may peremptorily de- mand that foreign nations should keep their own fuiluios and offenders to them s.lvee. Tho case is little different with England, whioh has been from time immemorial the refuge of the distressed. The develop- ments of the tige huve brought to puss a stats of things in which the boa itality of England ib m bun.-ii, and men and women who havo boen debused to the lowest Bia e hy badaud unreloiinod sv stems in other landa are awartni ig in, and, living only u to the requirements of the lowest animul wants, they aro dragging down the population to their level. It is eusy from adistjuce to sa. tint a more noble and generous i rinciple should govorn in rola tltin to di-tressed foreign arrivals; butas a mutter oi fact the position of the clauses in England who ure most affected by thia immigration is already a very painful on« ; the congestion »f i opulation is intense ; the dititrexn of the vust army of the uneuipl >yed is extreme ¡ oven the workers in thousands! of cuses have a life- long struggle with wunt, and the cry of outcast London haB rung (h ough thp world. Whatever may be the teach- ings or prohibit ons of potiticul economy, the fuot is there that the sufferings of th-> congested British working population aie terribly real, and thut any 1 aggravation of them from nny ouuse or conducted on whatever principle would be Himply di-a^trous. Necessity hai no law, wiiatever political economists may say; and dillons rene m is no answer lo Hie necessity that appeura to havo an-en for stemming the tide of fbreljn\and degraded immigration. The spirit tbut prompted the colonies long years aj;o to doinund the peremptory Btiipp'ige of the transportation of con- victs to those shoros ia the Bpirit that ia asserting itsolf now appa- rently in England and America simul- taneously j and it is merely on tho principio that institution* whioh we are building up for the welfare and the further elevation of ourselves shall not bo marred and dobasod by the lar_ro admixtute of a people habituated to a lo ver plane of civilisation. Wban huch wero coming in tneir tens and hundreds the influence was inappreciable; but when, as in Amerio «, thoy pour i i such a vo-ume ob to Hhuke tho instiiutions of eooiety and ihreuten to subvert the order of eivil and peucoTul life, then ia t .0 time for drustio mensures. A day may come in which all nationa may be raised to such a level I hut their citizens can minglo in equality and fraternity, and tho aooner it cornea the b-tler for humanity. But that ally ia not hastened by the indiscriminate adiuiHsion of debused and de^radii g ele- ments in'o society whioh is struggling to raise itself to a higher plane ; for it is lik» the limpid uud the muddy streams : let them mix, und all ia turbid. Ihe feeling ia hardening that nntions should be responsible for their own failures, nud should nipnd thom or raise then, if they can, or Uepp thom if they cannot. And until that principle ia accepted and acted on, it ia to bo hoped tlnit the Anglo-Saxon roce, whether British, American, or colonial, will not allow the rich lieiitage they havo got to be mil-» the dumping-ground for all the rubbish of civilisation. The revenue returns for the month of April again disclone the expansion whioh has thus fur mi.rl.ed the vear. The tolal, amounting to £870.804. in £47,032 in excess of the revenue for the corresponding month of last year. The increase ¡B equal to 6-G peroent, implying a rate of progresa in ox cess of ihe average increuse of po mlation. And it is ull the moro Butisfactory, inas- much as it has occuned in tho«o blanche- which specially indicate pros- perity. For instance, the Customs haB ßiven a yield £00,824 in exooss of the total for April, 1880, and the excise shows a pio, ortionaloly larcer improvement «mounting io £10,448." Stamps yielded the very satisfactory ¡ncreiiBe of £12,763. The large increase of £173,380 in the rail wuy revenue shows the greut aotivity in the carrying tiade of the country, and is . all the naóio remarkable from the fact that it dees not i'ioltide the Baster collections, which were supposed to have unduly swelled the returns of Murcie. If the revenue of that month was favoured in crimpnri«on with that of March, 1800, in whioh there wore no liastor colleotiona, the returns of April this year were handicapped in comparison wita those of Avril, 1890, in whioh the Easter trafile oucurrod. And yet the last month lia- givr»n the very lnrge increuno stitod. No doubt this Horn requires to be checked by a comparison with the expenditure to ascertain whether there has lieon se» large u net gain. But the iniTPiise is s> great us to leave little or no doubt that the railway returns of the month were much more satisfac- tory than in April last year. The increases in postage and pilotage all cou- ll nu tne indirations given by the other ligures of a mole prosperous seaso i. Th« increase in the land revenue being pro- portionately less than that of the other leading lirunches, is so far satisfactory if it does not include ua undue proportion of revenue from, sales. April makes about the seventh month within which the revenue hue largely exceeded that of the co rosp,indian period of tho previous year. Within the puBt four months there has beon un increase of £303,018 ami, educe the prospects o£ the pr..duein¿ interests oro still favourable, there is fair reason to hope that the romiuiiin; eight months should yield a, substan- tial increase on the like period of 1890. If prudently economised the large income, being derived from the various depart- ments of the Public service, Ought to I holp the Colonial Treasurer materially in the Boran what straitened circumstances in which the heavy expenditure ha* placed him. The publication in Eng- land of such an ex aneion of the public revenue eught tu strengthen the credit of tue colony at the present juncture. The phenomenal growth of the two great cilié» of Australia stands among the wonders of our history, and the census returns just to bund will add auothor to the m-iny circumstances that have bnon lutoly piving to Australia a vivid interest in the e^es of tua outside world. lhere is uo occasion for rivalry be- tween the ettie-over iho census, nor fir our being envious of the Southeru city tor its son.ewhut larger incremonr. Nor is it worth the while to explain the qualify! g circumstances that tend to equalise the po-itions of " Greater Melbourne '' and " Greater Sydney " in leapect of thoir relative populations. Nor yet need' we unt'cipice the futoro, und from the proportionate bigness of their tri .utary territories und their natuv.il resources surmise how it may be in the coming time. We huve before us the striking facts thal here, in a country that u hundred years ago waa but a name un tbo map, we huve two cities, not of musii room growth, but built on the ba«is of BU'i-tiiutiul prosperity, the one the sixth and the other the ninth in the ord«r of size of all the cities in the British Empire ; that in tun yoars they huve grown in number of residents, the one from 282,947 to 489,185, und tho othor Irom 227,043 to 380,400, showing an aggregate increase ol' 307,595 souls. Such u record us this is calculated to make the hearts ot Austiulians tingle with pri.ie, and give to others an additional caose for surprise ut the marvellous progress of Australia. But th»re is another aspect, of the picture, and there cun be little doubt that many will question the soan Iness of the conditions of colonial pro- gress where so very largo a proportion ot th> population is given to city life, in our own colony over one-third and in Viotoria neurly a half of the total population ure in- cluded within the metropolitan areas of the respective cupitalb. When to this ib added the number of those- that constitute the population of the larger towna uuel cities of the colonies, it must be seen that the urban population boars a very aigh pro- portion to the num er of those who linve betaken themnelves to oouairy life. \s the priinury idea in colonisation is the duvel praeut of the natural resources of the country, this large proportion of colonists residing in cities nooma rather paradoxical, and it ia difficult to repress the conviction that tln-re is a mistake pomnwhere in t>ur methods. It is true that when we compare the value of raw products with the artioles when per- fected for human use, thei eis manifold moro industry requiied lor su sequent manipu- lation than for the original production ; ami if we take this us the moa ur* of the proportion that should exist between country producers and tho artisans and distributors and others who can pursue thfir callings away from the country, tho proportion between town and country residents may not he unreasonable. Still, it is difficult to think that in a country like ours, »ita limitless linds (or industrial settlement und in- exhaustible natural ronoureos waiting lor development, we have not far too largo a propoition of the j opulation shut up in cities und towns. The Governor and Lidy Jeraev havo promised to attend on aloa ia a lo noon th- kin er-piel " Play- mate-,' to be given by tbo pupil» of th. Newtown Superior Pub io ¿ohori. in at. li-orgo's flail, Now t«wn Tho enleitainnienc is in aid of the school prizo fund. Uis LCxoollenoy tho Governor, th» Countess of Jenny, ana suite win return to Sidney tiom New- castle by t'.e ordinary train, which arrives at Itedlern about 1 o'clock p.m. His Exo-fHoney the Governor, with the advice of tho Executive Oounoil, lias granted leavo of anBence lor 12 mo«ena from the 5th ultimo to Captain A. K. Hogts, of tho 1st Regiment lallautry, to proceed to Knelaud. His Enoeiloiicy Sir Ho >ry Norman, tho Govornor of Queensland, who aniveJ at Melbourne from Kn.lund by tho It. U.S. ,>iafilia yesterday, will travel from the Vieta inn capital to Bnauartj by train. Duiing his brief stay in Syrinoy tvliilo en toute bir ilonrr Norina will call on tbo Earl of Jersey al Government Houso Ita. Eddy and Mr. Oliver, two of tho Railway Oommisiionar», will return to Sydney on Monday morning alter insp cling the Weiteru rodway to ita terminus at tlourka. Mn. Sïijnby Smith, tho Minister for Mino« and Agriculture, who paid a visit to tia.hunt yesterday, will address his eoosiitueuKi at .-anny Cor >er this evening, Mr. Smith will spoalt prmoipdly as a privan mi-mber to his constituents, rather than as a Minuter ol the Crown. Mb. Phar Ooluks M.L.A., has been informed by the R.dlway Comraia-ioners that the new olen po-ito cioiagea, tho tr al ot whioh took piaoo la-t Tue-dar, wd. be attached to tho Northern mail train for the uso of passengers from ihe North wnBlorn line. One of th* oars was ueolfo' tho Hrst time an the Uroit Northern line on Thursday night, A paa*eni¿or »ho tratellel in the car seni the fol- lowing toWram tu ihn ConnniaMonors yesterday afternoon :-. Trave lo I in lh-i now composite lava- tory aad sloo.ing car a-t n ght For comfort and onnvxtiience it cannot be oxee led. G teat a vantago in not channin« at Werrie Oreek. Hope tho car will run p'Tmunently. Commissioners deserve tho thankB of North-western residents for this eplond d rapiovement," It is understood that the Department of Forests has applird lo ti o Gevornmoit for a portón ot the Crown land set apart for reformatory pur pos a near Rookwood -on,o years ngo. 1'his site is coneid' red the moat dosir.ble, near at hand, for tho establishment ol an arboretum in which trees of ali kinds will be grown for the purro-e of displaiing their outward habit« and p 'mble capabilities of a permanent mtro luotion to N-w Sou in Wale«, Ia th« old world, establishment« ft (hit kind are largely used for eduostional purposes, and ti oy have within the last hall-century booome populai with all olasso. of the oommanity, and at tho fame timo highly ínstruoiiTe, At present Aero is no arbaretum u Aus- traux Iho dopartnunt is mu.li hampered by ihi want of necoasary ronm to iona a museum of .aonoinio forestry aid it has been suggested that it « o ild be advisable to uni so so 110 ot the vacant buildings at BooEwoo 1 for this purpose. A LKTTEit has boon sent to Mr. Stevenson, M L A" informing bim that iho Ruilwsy Commis M moie havo oon.onto t to allow the 1 -'5 p m. train from Syrlnor on alurdars to o»ll at Woy Woy plat- form i hie will tea groat convenience to the resi- de ta of Briabauo Water and visitors I rom bydnoy to ihe Broadwater Iho quostio i of oxtondiuir the exours o i train to Goifoid instead of the present tonmuus, Hawkesbury JRivor, is under considera- tion I. accordaico with the mstruotions is ued from the i olortial Secretary's De artment, a proro sional urse waa ami <in Thursday night Irrnn S.dney to Allrcdtown, 10 milos from Wagea Wag_:a to attend to the diphthuriu, -stricken fomil>, live o ulibon of »huh luve dipd of tha diaeuoe. The nur_e will ait uoder the guidano. of Di Wrsn the »lovorn mern mental olhcer oi tho district, who has b.en re_ue tod to tako all necsssarv etapa to disinfect the premises, and to report fullv on tho best means of preventing tho dis.aao from spreading ia tho distr ct Mi. J OArtiAiii) ML A, Mr. '1 rickett Al.IxC, Mr 0 sullivan and Mr M'Oourt Ms- LA, m m b.rs of the Pnrlumootary Standing Com milioe on Pnbho Work», loft Sidney on Thura.ey nigut for Glim Innoa, in their capacity aa a sectional committee, to ex ammo and la'., ovdnco along tbo route of the proiioael railway from Qlen Innes to InvorolL Mr J Tonkin, ALL A, n another mo iber of the Mo- tional com uittcs, and ha will join his colUn,_uos in tho cour_o of a day or tiro. Evidence will be ttikoo at (jlen InneB to-day. The committee will nuxt proceed to Inverell, and there near evidence on luosday an I Ueano-day next On tho 7th instant thoy will oxa nins wiim-sses at Tin-a on i ho 9th al Guvra, and en the 11th at Uralla Witnesses from Di gera will be ixummod at Inverell, tuose from Baraba and Bundara will be heird at Tinga, and those from Kentucky w li give evidence at Uralla. The spotional committee is timed to return to Sylnoy ou the l-'th instant. Bin lîpsnr Pahkes loft Melbonrno for Srdnoy by veatordtj'a oxpress train, and the Premior will arnvo tn-day Ho «ill resume dutios at tho Colonial Secretary's OlQuo on Mondav morning Mu. W. II. fJnELhF, ono of tho Viotornn Rail- way Oomn-issiotiors is at présent on a visit to .svdnov. His bu moss hero is moro of a private than departmental ch met r. The branch offices for the i»sue of milray tickets recaní ly i pe icd by tho 0 mmsstonera for Railways an proving to be a (.roat 0 >nv< me ios to the public Iho last one provul.1 was at the ju etion of Park aod Elizabeth Btreots, »hero the bookin, f ir the first month amounted lo tho sala of 5U0 t ckote. Yurteeday tho now trimway timo labios carno into forte Several alterations have boon made *hioh should icsuli lu mor-a.ed convenmnia o ' passendere. Some chung s bave been m ido in tho | through turns, av. foi í.sta co on the Nowtown han, whoro throush trims will now run iron j Liverpool silva to Cl.veland- sl._ot, instead of from j Ge-irgn-atroot to Olaveland-slroir It lia« bo n a co i pi ii ut ol pa-e-n^.rs on this lino tha ihe car aro fronuo til cowdod wita those proceeding to the railway statiou to the exclusion of Nowtown trav'lleis With the pr-sont chango in the thiougn trama tins-will be remod ed, ii.Ft.'nni'sa to rf&.ologram giving the Bpeoch of Mr Greono M.L.A at dronfo 1 tho otfer day, in vv Inch the following words occur -" H i doalt cchnsetivdy wnh the quo non of fidoation, ¿mu,; a synopsis of the lull. Although oppo.sd to iho uno man on vote principle, ho would accept it rather than j-opardia» the bill ' Hr Gi ono writes as tollows -" A- a mvttor of taot I dil not r fer to tho recleril Oonsututinn Bill at all in this oon uccton but with îojinid to tho idoctoral Bill I end I would not opposo it simply on uccnunt of the 'ono man ono voto ' prmoiplo being co itainod then in. I sail that although I oiuld not lojioillj justify that pri elide (giving my reasons at the samo 'ima) I would mt oppose it as i bel cv d on ovi r-vholming mnjontr of the rooplo wsio in lttvour of It, Bo til.t if the Uo.toral Bill wero sn altored ia ommitteo that in iho main it mot with my appioval, I would support it, ol thou'h tho ono man ona vote pnuoiple remained intact." Hil 0. A. VrviAi, bon. socrolarr to the EaBtorn Suburbs Hallway Leo-uo bas ricoivod from Mr J Barling the Undor beo e ary for Woiks the fol- lowing lottor -' Sir,-Willi fur her relo enuc ti your lexer of the 14th ultimo,! am dtreoleltol i form i ou that tho S-crotary for Publto Winks doss not consider any usotul pnrpoae won d bo serrad at the present time by receiving a iloputntiou in regari to tho oxtension of tim rail w.y to the eastern suburbs as pioposeJ, pendíase tbo ro eipt of the re) o t of the lloyal Commission now sitting respecting the matter ' A oo-rsiDEEvurE amount of attention is boing paid to ihe valuable red ¡.um forost. on the Murray River flats Tuoso forest ro orves aro extensivo and to a large ex!.at uiclulo ihe red gum gnowing are i of th« colon v. ]1or many years bank tney havo booi tie souros of a unbor snp ly to both Votoria and Sou h Au- ti aha, »hire ihe wood has boe-i large!, u ed tor ra lway sloipora, from which a oon Hilouba amount of reveuuo haa boou rocotvod R cenlly the Diroctor-Gonoral of TorustB visited the M urra r dislaot and thor Highly in«,eoiod the wiiole of tbo ressrvo» eituaUd m the connt'es of Padili, 82 (J75 arc«. Humo, 50ÜO aoea, Towmend 70,192 news, and Wahool 77 ''Iß aorvs making in all a otal of about JOO.UuO acres, exlo ding Irom Albury to below Moimi. Mr J. Ednie Brown wai ugn-eably surprised to find a largo numbor of ma uied trees, tho timber of whian is avadante for i> a kel. Them ia not, bowvor a larto demaid for red gum in tua colony, as tho railway autnonuos pre firironbait elabi forrailwav eleojora In Victoria arid sou h Aiiatrs ia, on tie oontrary, tho autharl tios stipulate in all contracts for rsilwa? con slruolion that led ¿um sleepers must be used. Tho taino wood is ali-o largsly ntilisod in ihe -Southern eolnnioa m iho construction of wharves, jetties, and o her potmonont publie works. Por haps ti e moat phasing t aturo in connouion with the-o Mulray foiost rostrvus is that ovor nearly tho vviiolo ana .hero is a piolilio growth ol saplings, whi.h havo sprung up during tho last nght or li! y ara. In manv places ti ose youn-c Ireos aro so ihnkiithti g ounii that it is impoasibe to ride through the scrub, i'heao saplings aro strong, of healthy (,iowih, very Btraight in the tiunk. and to a largo oxt.nt branchless, except at iho lop, That tho-o saplings should rsplsco tho original ticos is merely a matter of practical application, llecvgnisiug this fací, the 1) partaient, in ibe coarse of the past thrco weeks, as set to wo k ovor 60 wen to thin out and o hor wee properly ant systematically attend to thvso trees Th s lar¿o number of men is necomary beotuso the woik of dinning out, to bo offoouva, must bo poifoim d e_.peditiously, and completad beforo the next floods como down tbo Muna? Itiv.r. Floods weuld enforce a discoutinurnce of operanons thorelore the thinning must bo com plutod within tbo n«Kt two onth«. The volo for ibis inn I of work was pa»sod by Parliament last session Tno thinning of all tho rosorvos wnl oooupv at least seven or eight tears, but the rienits, according to prount an icipations, will bo ultimately of enor i «us benellt to the State Tenokiis aro being invlied by the Mini-tor for Works io olosa on ta» 27th May fur the construc tioi of tho first division of thi Long Cove Oreok storm tvaior ohonool. This crook lies between the mumoipalitKM of Petersham aud Ashfield , it drums tho vvcdtprn a opea of tha rormsr and the eastern ah poo ot the latter, the urainsge area south of tbo Parraroaitarojd being about 7t5 acres. Tho piesont contrnct commences at tha Marion-street bi ni go, to which point a oanal ia borne oonatruutod by the Harbours and liners Department, and ex- tends up the oourto of the crssk to tho Oantorbary Obi-road, a distant» of 67_ ohains. From the outfall at tho upper end oi the o mai to Balda Bridge on the Parrnmstta-road, a disUnce of »bout 81 i ohains tbo channel will consist of an opon outttng J 1ft, wido at th» butt» *, 4ft Bin, deep, and having s opes of two horizontal to ono voittcaL 1'r ira thence to tNe end of .no con raot st Cantor bur? Onl-road it will bo built ot onnorolo. Tho tiret BJ ohai s will lo J6fi Sin »ide and Oft, d»ep, constructed on a gin bent of ono in (100, the next ld_ chains will bo Hit Bin wido, hy 8it deop on a gradient of oie ia 1)0, aal t o remainder will he On. b> 61t, on a gradient of ona id 60 Besides lbs main obanno1, two branoboa ara included in the o n raot. The Ural, about 7 chains 1 mg, will con- nect ihe oust! g 3fb oironlar diain, constiuoted by ti e Petershim borongb, with tho main channol, whioh it will onlor abnnt 1J chains abovo the rail- way b Idi-, It will be 8ft 7in wide, by 1ft. deop, an I will have a gradient of one in J5_ The other branoh, wbioh will be about 2 oliBins long, will cor «ci the Smith-itreet (Ashfield) sewer with tha main channol Its size will be 6ft, by 6ft. 8m., and it will have a gradient of one in 14£. Inlets will bo provided where neceasary to tako the storm- water from the streets und small branches. Tho total lame - of the oontraot, including the branches, ia 70 charas, and it ia to be completed within six months trom the date of acceptance of tho tender. It is satisfactory to ha ablo to record that tho increase in the colony's rovonuo which marked the earlier part of the year continues, as the re- turns for last month Bhow a tolal of £870,804. This, oomoarod with til* oirroiponding period of last year (which was £820,282), phows an increpo for the month of _47,032, and an incienso to dalo on the year of £1102,018, received prin- cipally from the following sources :-Customs, £06,824; oxci«), £10,418; stampa, £12,700: land, £20,932 ; railways, £178,329 ; postage. £17,817! pilotage, £5682. The few em di decreases aro mostly under the unclassified re- ceipts. It will be remembered that Mesar.», A. J. Gray, M. Nancnt'rbw, and J. E. Pemell. wero the judses nppointed by the Miniatur for Minus and Agricul- ture (lion, rjydusy Smith) lo determine tho raori.s of tho entries icceivo I lost year lor the national prizes offorel for Iho best managed poultry farms in the ooluny. Some dolay aroso in the submission of tho judges' report; because Hie judges wero not unanimous in their opinions as to tho most worthy eoeriot. Tue Minister has now received a report from the two llrst-named judroa (Mr. Pemall disa-nting), in which tho fol- lowing nwnris aro recoinmimdod, and thoy have received the Minister's approval :-J. W. Ponder, West Maitland, lstpriaoi Wa ter Hops, Bonny- rigg, noar Livanool, 2nd prize. Tho proporlies ot the following ore also well spoken of : T. Hall, Fairflold -, and A. Hallen, Toongabbie and each will receive a curtí Meats of mûrit rho lormor will rocoivo a highly commended certificate, and the latter (who is totally blind) will receive a certifloato for tho induitry and perseverance dis- played in tho manugomout of his poultry larm. It wsb deoi tod at a mooting hold lust night at the Mas mia Hall, Walker- street, North Sydney, that a publio eera anny should take place in connec- tion with tho turning of the first sod of the railway extension from tha pre- ent lood terminus to Milson'« Point. It was further roaolvod to invite his Eicullunoy the Governor to attend ; also that a banquet shou d bo próvido I, and that light roirofh menU should be sappi.rf, fiom subscriptions to be raised, to all pnr.ona pros'nt at the principal cere- mony. Arrangements aro to be mido for the attendance of Behool chiKlr^n. This City Railway Extension Commission hold a meeting visterdav afternoon in tho Town Hall Mr. W. H. Pigott, M.L.C., presided. The Mavora of Wateiloo, Alexandria, Botany, and North Botany woro oxamir.ed as to the industrias and population ot their respectivo municipalities in view of a possible extension of tha railway thither. Tde Labour Commission sat in tho Queens- land offices, Bri go-.troot, yoarordiy, the proai dont. Dr. Garran, was in fio oh dr. Air. Peter Dow, a builder, and president of the Builders' ¿sso oialion, «as osuminod with roloienco to disputes in iho building trade. Ho lavoure I coarta of concilia- tion, and ho would make thonwaids binding by law. As n> otbor witnesses wera in reidiness, Mr- J. li. Talbnt, one of tho momboT of the commission, who gavo ovidenoo tho previous day, waa reoilloi and further examined as to the iron tadi«. At 7 o'clock tho comml.sion adjourned until nixt Tuealac, when t-o lion. E Barton, M.L.C., wl 1 probably bo examined. It was suggested in conversation a nennst the mombera that trie cross examination of oaoh witness should bo curta led, ia view of tbo number yet to bo called, and the oug gestioa wa< ogreoJ lo, RYDALir«K3 and Et minston Wards aro to to separated from tho Dundas municipality, and ¡ forned into an inorpora od area. Tho senaration . will bo oQooted as soon as thu accounts of th» pre- sent municipality have been adjusted, and the ad- justment is liosv being made. In oonnoctlon wilh tho race gathering at Uav on Wednesday and Tnnrsday next, thu Railway Com mi'xioners have err nged for tho iss io of holid ty oxcunion tickets fiom all sla.inni to that place, o 'tnmenoing to-day. Tho tickets will bo avail ab o lor rolurn Until the 14th instaat. Similar tickets will bo ittauod on Monday and following I days for Dubbo, where the annual show will bj hald on Wed osday and Thursday. The.o tickets will be nvailahlo for return until the lilth. On Wednesday spicial cheap tickets will be i.su'd from s'a ion» be'ween Bourke1, Cowra, Wallamba ig, and Dubbo, available for rutun uutil tho 10 h instant. Bx a supplomont to the Government Gazette issued yefterday, Coarta of Quarter Sjssiona are fixed to be nell during the present year at Maitland, on Mondays, June 15, Soptnmb»r 14, and December 14 j and at Singleton, on Mondays, Juno 22 and Srptomber 21. ' Tue special sesaion of the Diocesan Synod waa conlinuud yeatardav. Conaidoration Jwas devotod to olauso 14 of the Sydnoy Church Ordinanc, beiu^ that whioh re- lates to tho annnal vestry mooting. Tho clause as originally framed contomplatid tho hold- ing in Eastor week of eaoh year of a meet- ing of " membera of tho Chnroh of England, of tho age of 21 years and upwards, borne occupiers of scats' -an expression which ia dofin»d by tho interpretation olau o as meaning " any mombor of the Churci of England having runted a seat in the r burch for a period of not loss than twelve mo ii he (and having paid tha rent duo upon the «arno up to the last quarter day) or hating usually attundod nnng too proceding thr«o months the celebration of divine servico in the cliuroh." Tho Rev. A. Yurnuld, di-npproving of the portion of tho olauso quated above, moved tho amendmeut of it so as to on tit lo to bj proaoot at tha m oting in rjuoation " members of tho Church of England in the pan-h, bring co nmuniodals or %vho are pariahienora of tho ago of 21 years and upwarls, being ooouplora of s are. or naually attend- ing the services." Aftnr an animatol dieouBsion, hairing upon the pi-oprlety of allowing communi- cants who we o in the oyos of too law infmts to tako part in^ tho mo-unga, hat taken place, the araondraout was riijeoted, OlauBe 11 was then verb illy amen led and agreed to. Several othor olauiei hav.n* boon dealt wita, tho synoi dirooted ita attention for a fe v minutos to the 27th, »hich dell nea the powora, &o.;, of parichial councils. Tho synod will moat nzain noxt Monday even ug. A ckowoi.d mooting was hold in tbo Centenary Hall last night to welcome the Rev. Mark Guv Poarae on his orrival from Molbiurne. Tho Rev Gnorgo brown, Présidant of tho Wualotrnn Confor etico, prosidod, and tondofed a hearty wo como to the rov. contloman. An adirés» was al-o pr<B0ntod to him by the preaidont of tho Cornishmen'a AsBooia lion of Now South Walos. The Rev. Mark Guy Pearso, in rojljiig, gave an aocoint of his work in the Wost-ood Miiaion, and opoko of tho Forward m ivoment lia will givo his ûrat lootura oa Tuos dny evening. On th» anniversary of the Rev. Fathor O'Reilly's minta,ry in Parramatta that gen loman was pré- seme I by tho ladioa of the p-triuh wilh a set of red vestments mado by the Carmo ito nuns. Tun moathly meeting of the women's branch of the Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals was held in tho Town Hall on Tharsday. Mrs. U. Harris prosidod, and thero woro present Mesdames Beat, Iajiis, Misses Lavvy, Allwood, Mazo, and tha bon. «aerotary, _r, J. Slaney. Mr. Sidnov tendered his rasignation. Miss LoVvv ro ported tbo tormation of the following Bands of Morey:-Adolont Publio School, Tho Ivy: Mr. Willaid, presidmt and loaohari Miss Ardill, secre- tory! Miss Diekonaun, troasuror¡ Wowagin Publio School : Mr. Hague toaolier and proaidoui ; Miss O. Jt'Cabom. searotary. Baerim Pilbil« sohool, United We Stand: Mr. Stevenson, toaohor and prosidont; Miss Murphy, secretary; Mr. S. Steven- son, treasurer, Klndorgarton Publio sohool, Riley- Btreet, Little Knends: Miss Sirup son, teaoher and president ; Mrs* Cendran, tcorotary. DarllBjtton Superior Publio -lohool (.infanta), Tbo Pearl : Mrs. Do Lambert, teaoher and (president ; Miss Howitt, viee-prasidont. West Leichhardt Pub- lio Schaol. floral George (hois) : Mr. Booth, teaoher and preside it, vice-presidents, G. M'Olvmoot and a. Nicholls ¡ eioretarioi, G. Walker and E. Wa.t, Swcot Rod IUjo (girlB): Mina Loughran, teach« and nresiilont, vico- preallenta, Opholia Booth and Maud M'Oron ; nsoretarioa, Irono Pritchard and K. \1arryatt The Kimjrllsher (in- fanta) : Miss O'Brien, toaoher and poeidont; Mas Tree, vioe-preiid»nt, «oerntary, Mwa Elliott. Fair- field Publio School, Tho Federal : Mr. Henry, teacher and president'. Mrs Henry, hon, vco prwidgnt; Miss Henry (pupil teaoher) and Bonj. Harris, vioe-preddonts ; 0. Barton, Isabel tjaundur», and Ruby Henry, secretaries Hogged Behool, llar rinRion- fltreot, Native [lona: Miss Bovie, teaoher and president R» -organised, Morning Star (non) and Evwreen (girls), iu Darlington Snperior Publie School, Darlington. Mr. H. C. Russnitz, Government Astronomer, writes :-" There will be a transit of the planet Mercury across the sun's disc on Sunday, May 10th. First external contact will take place at Sydney at 9h. 58.5 a.m. a.m, Sydney mean time, and last ex- ternal contact at 9h. 59.2m. p.m. External con- tact at ingress will occur 116° from the north point towards the east, and at egress 168° from the north point towards the west. By the aid of smoked glass and very keen eyes Mercury may be scan on the sun as a small black spot during the transit, but to the great majority of persons it will be invisible without a telescope. A transit of the planet Mercury across the sun's disc has not the same importance as a transit of Venus, because the planet is not favour- ably situated for determining the sun's distance, as Venas is. It is nevertheless of great interest, and will doubtless be watched by thousands of persons. Very great care is necessary if a telescope is used to look at the sun, because if the telescope is not provided with proper dark glasses, the result of looking at the sun with it would probably be permanent destruction of the sight. Where there are no dark glasses it is a good plan to put a piece of cardboard in front of the object-glass with a round hole in the centre of it only half the size of the object-glass: then take out tho two lenses which are in the end nearest to the eye, light a kerosene lamp (without chimney), and turn it up so that it smokes freely, and for five or 10 seconds move about in the smoke the outside of the glass forthest from tho eye (of the two directed to be taken out). It must not be held still in the smoke or the heat will break it. It should have on it an even thin film of smoke, screw it back into its place, and turn it to the sky near the sun on a bright day. If the sky looks very dark then look cautiously at the sun. If it looks too bright for comfortable visiion, add more smoke or reduce the card aperture in front of the objective. If the 10th of May should prove cloudy, and the sun be still visible but too dark with the telescope arranged as above, you can then remove the card from the object glass, which will make the sun appear brighter." The restrictions that havo hitherto obtained in respect of the Town Hall organ havo boco nao somowhat modified since tho accession to tho mayoralty of Alderman Manning. The various musical societies of tho citr, whon engaging tho 0 ntonnial Hall and ita nppuitenancos for thoir cono-rta, liave always doairod to choose their own organist io preference to having a nominee of iho Council. Hiihorto this free lora of ohoice ha. been daniod, and in coo.oqusnco the organ has frequ»n.ly ro named rilont, when othorwii-o it would navo beon used. At ono tims it seoniod to bo tho intention or the oou- icil to prohibit any poison (siva Mr W. T. B-et) from porformina; ou thoorgon until tho appointiuont "f tho oity organist was made, lío« ovar, oftor tho Philharmonio Society had boon granloi the' uoe ot the orga i (with Mr. Best as organist) for ono oratorio, it bscatno praotically impossible to dony it to the sooioty tor other porformancoa, and, . thoio aftor, the society was allow, d to hire tho insirumout upon the conditiou that no ono should porform thereon eave the bu'inoas representative OC thu firm by whioh it was constructot. For tho forthcoming performance of tho " Elijah,1' however, the Philharmonic Sooioty baa been graniod the rijiht to oxorclso it ohoice of or-'anist, subjuct to tho restriction that no private piactico upon tho insirumoni could bo permitted, This prohibition is manifostly oppose 1 tu tho idea of lengthened familiarity with tho pecu- liarities of our colossal organ being necessary to enable an organist to do ju-tico oither to hirmolf or lo tho in- trurnont, but niverlhole.s, the conces- sion ia one for which the society ¡b grateful, and tho eerv oes wero thereupon sought of Mr. Neville Barnett, tho organist of tit Mary's Cathedral, whi was spociallv îooom-nendod by Mr. Bost for Mr. Santlsy's fnrowoll ooncort. and, moreover. en¿ag-d by Mr. Bost io play aa bia substi tu o al tbo lost two of his own r,cítala. Mr. Barnett has, at too dosiro of iho com littce of tho society, oenBen'ei io perform on this occa r-ion. Madame Patoy and Misa Hertha llossnw aro oxpoct'id tj arrive from Brisbane bli Tuesday, and Mr, Arm... Beaumont r-n the samo duy from Mol botirno, in duio for tha Unal rehoarsal, whioh will talco placo that ovoning. " London Day by Day " ontors on tho third weok of its succossful run ibis evening. The Thontro Royal ha. boon well lllloil during the past fortnight Mo- srs. Geergo R. SiinBnnd Henry Pettitt's power- ful and aruu-ing play having proved by tar thtf greatest hit of Mr. Bland Holt's soason. It is thoroughly w<¡b actod, and it is etaged admirably, Mr. George Uordon's various Bcenoa being unusually attractive. It ia probable that Mr Holt will _a_ko a ohange of bill on Saturday next, aa Ilia visit hero is drawing to a close, and " The Balls of Hasle- mere," nnolhor noted Adolph! drama, has yet to bo pre. on ted. " Tun Corsican Biothora," at ITor Majosty'a Theatro, is now au excellent representation of the famous auper latural and legondary drama which owes its oriitin to Alexantre Dumas. As wo noted oarly in the weok, the Bpociacular olleots aro in capital working order. Tho ghost and tbo various illusions now go smoothly and iin pressivelr, whilo Mr. George Rignold ¡b Been lo alvan og. ia tho double role of Louis and Fabien dei Kr"nchi. Ha is at his bet, icrtmpi, in tho do idly oim.staess of th. last act. Mr. H. B. Jowett roudori valunblo nosittai.co aa Ohlleau Renaud. "Tbo Cors'iean Brolhois" will bo ro tainod ia the bill for tomo corni Icrablo timo. "iMoDurtN Wives," which has boen played at the Crl eiion Theatro during tho last woek, will bo re- place I to-nig'-t by tho production, for Iho lirst timo by Moos.b. Brough and Boucicaull, of an original farcical ccmo ly, in throe ocis, by Mr. A. W. Pinero, oniitled '. Imprulonco." This ia one of theoarlior plays hy the author of " The Sqniro," " Tno Mugiotra'o," ami " The Sohoolmistrea." Its pio dnction, therefore, will bo attondod . with inlorost The cast inclmloa Mesara. Roban Brough, F. Ou oa, A li. Lawrence, G. L. Gordon, 15 Oorleaso, and Otcil Ward, Mi-ses Bronda Gibson, N, Mortyn«, and E. Romor, and Mrs, Brough. Moasrs. Brough and Boucicauit havo just obiainod from Mr. W. J. Gates, ajont for Mr. W. J. lUllo ray, tho right of acting "Jane," a farcical comedy wbioh ia enjoying a great su' ceaa iu London. " Jano ' will be seou at tho Criterion about the o id of this month. Mr. Jonn P. Shf.iiidak ontors this evening on the lost week of his enjagomont at tho Garrick -'h.atro. Ho will rovivo tho amusing "Fun on tho Bristol." It is hardlr noc>ss»ry to say that this ono of tho most onjoyablo of Mr. Sheridan's ¡ ieccs. Tho ador ia cor ainly seen u» his boat in thia work. Mr. bh ridan a Widow O'Orion is a gonuina bit of oomio ao'ing, highly en- tertaining, and quite devoid ot anything Uko vulgarity. In th-» fi'st act, especially, it ia a diverting and finished poiformanoe. Mr. Shoridan will bo Bucceodod at the Garrick on Satur- loy next by Misa Junot Achurch and Mr. Charloa Chsrriug ton, who will then commcnoi a return vi-it to Sydnoy. Thoy will open in tho eomody-drama. " Masks and F_co3," by Charles Roado and Tom Taylor. The company includes Mr. Gooroo Lsitoh, who has boon retained to play I'rinco IvTal leotti in " Forgot-me-not," and other parte, and Mr. Herbert Flemming. Tau Majoroni bonoUt which is to take place at her Majosty'a Theatro on next W odnosday after- noon, in tho presence of Lord and Lady Jessey, ia already assured of buo-om, »a over £200 worth of ticket» havo beon sold. Tne oxtonstve program ni o ii eludes the Bret act of " Tho Galdón Ladder," by tlio Bland Holt Company, the first act of " Modorn Wivofl," by the Ontorion company, and th» third not of "Tbo Cors'can Brolhora " by Hor Majoity'B Tn-atro Company. Mies Maggie Knight will resit«, Mr J. F. Sheridan and Miss Graoio White ford will sing, Miss Louise Davonport will reoito and Signor Mario Majoroni will ¿oliver " The Fire- man.'' A ooncort will also bo given, andre tho direction of Si.nor Uazon, which will bo assisted by eoveral loading artista. Otro readers may bo reminded that this is tho last day on which tbo commendable exhibition of original picture«, ohiefly by l«o.l artista, will be open to the pablio at Mearrs, Callan and Sons, 818 Goorga-strevt Mr. Plotohor- Wstion'i wntor-eolour exhibition at 111 Pitt-streot, will also bo opon, l'ho drawing in oonnootion with Mr. Por_y Spenca'H art union was bold yoslordar, whon Mr Spmice's largo oil painting, "Tho Oimrado'B Grave," waa won by Mrs. Lloyd, of Redfern. Mu, F, B NorrroN has recelvod instructions from Mr. J. B, Hickio to arranoo a Borios of concorla or tbo Misses Albu in tho Opora ¡Ionso, Brisbtne, On Thursday ovoning a musical and dramatic ontei tain mont was givon in St John's Boboolroom, Parramatta, by tho morabsrs of -t John's Institnio, assisted by frieade. In tho musical portion ol' tho programme Miss Barker and Mr. Arthur Mnssy contributed initramsnial items, and Minn Foulehrr, Dr, Garrett a d Mr. U Proudlove wore euecesstul in their vocal offorta. Tbo ontortainment waa brought toa oloso with the porfoimanco of "The Spilnlflolds Woaver," in whioh Mesars. Skebon, Swuno, Morgan, Nollor, and Miss Graogor tool part Ma Dan Traobi's oompany at the School of Art« will appear to-day in a completo ohan^o of progruta no, In addition to tho " «took " arti-tsa, who bato prsv.d euoh a eonrco of attrac- tion in tho past Mr. Traooy announoos the first apponrouoo of Oaonr Smith, a ventriloquiat, and Miss Kmmio Morrison, a aoiio- oomlo and Tyrolean singer. Tho Mls'os Andoiaon aro «till lu evidence, and Fred Garaot in his blaon-faeo aot " Silenoe and Fun," is sure of a hearty rocoption. "Losnon to. Homo" waa th« titi« of « lantern entarlainmont given in St Matthias; Hall, Pad- dington, last ovening by tho Rov. J. Olloy. Thor» was s largs atloodanco. Tn_ Cottier Family, who recently havo boon giving a numbor of ontertainmonts at tho Protes- tant Hall, have changod thorr quarter^, and in future will bo located at tho old Haymarkot Theatre. The combination ia dotorving of bud port, A now programme is promisod for thin ovening. Patrons of tho Alhambra Mubío Hall have had a good bill eubmittud during tho paat week. Mias Millio Horhert has Bcorod another success by bor rendering of tho eong "Spare tbo Old "ud Cabin," whilBt Iho Harvoy Brothers, in their grotosquo musical aot, hare well suatained thoir reputation. Tho prográmalo wid undergo au entire chango on Mon lay evening.' The nttondanco at the Cyclorama has during the week boen sat'ufaotory, and oltopithor tho Cyclo- rama ia one of tho prominent «iehts of tho oity. At tho Bondi Aquarium thia afternoon a speoial concert will ho given. The mauagOJiont announces thai it has enjiago 1 10 artistes. öotetal other at- tractions ara offered, including Edison's Porfcctod Phonograph. At a n oeting of mombcrs of the Equitable Per- manent Beiiolit, Building, Lund, and Savings Inatitudon, h.ld yesterday ovoning, a vota of £1U5 was made to Mr. Thomas Miller, on tbo occasion of hio rotiromeot from tho position of manager. Mr. A. Roto, in moving tho rosolution. ruforrod at louiith lo tho valuabio sorvica rendered by- Mr. Miller in plaoing tho institution in tho vory satis- factory poaitiou it ocoupiod. Mr. Honry Hudson, tie onairman, and other rnombors spoki in warm torras of Mr. Miller's eervices, and the voto was unanimously agrood ta Mr. Henry Hudson, the .ohairrnnn, on his own bohalf and that of hia fellow-trustees, dircotors, auditors, «urvoror, and solicitor of tho sooietj-, then prestntod Mr. Miller with a gold watch as au oxprosaion of their oateem, tho clorks in tho establishment adding a pondant to tho ohain. The watoh and pinda.'t both boro suitoblo inscription*, tho pToaunts being completed by a haadsomoly illuminated adarves, enclosed in nu albun cou ainin^ the photographs of tho dsnora. In .i akiug tho preaontition Mr. Hudson dwelt on tho very coroinl relations which had always sub- sisted bolwcen tho directors and trasteos of tho inatitution and their managor. Mr. Milloracknow- ledged the gifiB, which t.al como to him na a sur- prise, in fooling terms, and said thoy would always be valued b» him a3 an expression of the good fccl'ng ontcrtni< od towarda lum by thoao with wuom ho had worked for n period of ssvonteon years. Tub fourth day's sitting in connection with tho Biennial Mooting of thu Grand United Ordor of Oddfellnwa took placo yostorduy in tho Oddfellows' nail, Castlereagh-streot i tho Grand Mastor, Bro. Gorad Fitzpatrick, proddol. During the morning tho Grund alastor, Bro. Hell, and til- Grund Seoro tarv, Bro. Schofield, of tho Manolioater Unity Ordor, paid a visit to tho dolr-gatcs assombl»d, boing rocoivod with tho usual honours of tho order. A motion of thanks was accoidod to tho viaitora for their coartcey in callinir, Tho silting waa devoted exclusively lo tho consideration of motions afieot ing the alteration of tho rulos of tho order, and these hid not hoon all disposed of when tha inciting adjourned. Mu. Edward Tatham, of Balmain, the invonto of an improved g ia, waa banqueted in tho local Town Hall on Thursday «vening prior to his dopar tnro for Kngland. The Mayor (Aldorman J. A Brodie) ocoupio I tho chair. Mr. W. M. Burna propo«ed tho toaat of " Tue Gunst," after whioh the Mayor on bohalf of the cilizimn, provento) Mr. Ta ham with a loauiifullr-idiiiniimti.d addroas. Mr, Tatham rotpondod in brief and foaling terms. At a speci'l mcotiag of tbo Parramatta Modioal Institute Board, oonnectod with tho Friendly Societies, Dr. Hart's roatguotion was nocopted, on condition that Dr. ICoirney act as locum tottens for him till the 26th instant. Turi visitors to tho National Art Gallery durinç tho month of April'wero as fo Iowa:-On 20 woclt days, 10,374; on four aun'nvs, 6092. Avornge : week days, 400 ; Sundays, 1323. Total attendance, 16.406. Tire Committco of the Animals Prolcotiou Society hedd its monthly meoting on Wednes- day. Thero wore prosunt-Meier-. E. Fosbory (ohairma.), W. T. Wright, B. Cooks, J. Sidnoy (s-oretary), and G. Wohoor (in»p»ctor). AmoniBt . ho corroapondonco road was a letter calling atten- tion to tho condition and overworking of hnrse» ina oortai'i district. It was agreed that the aisistant in i-pontor visit the district and Uke action if nocasary. Summary of inspector1« report for April :-Prose- cutions 0; convictions, 8; ono caae wltkdra<n; complaints received and investigated, 5 ; oautioas isBUO I, 37. Analysis of convictiona: Working hartos suffering from wounds, 8. working lame and deciopit horsos, 3 ¡ cruelly bealing horse, 1 ; starving liorao, 1, A coimEsroNoi;NT writos that tho Horn«by popio bivi indi, nant at the old Publio sohool boing clos'd, and oimplain Hut th» olhor sohools aro too far away for their ohildron to attend. I In the Divnrco Court vestorday, beforo Mr. Justico Footer, tho part hoaH suit of M'fta» v. M'Rao, in which Iho pntitiouor applied for por m anon t alimony and for 'ho custody of tho children, was furlhnr hoard. The evid^noi for the petitioner was con- clu led. The o ^o for tho reapon lent wa« opouod, and several witnossrs wor« called to tottif v that the petitioner waa of intompca o habita, and was not fit to havo the custody ol the ohiMr-n. When tho Court roso tho case stood as part heard. Altogether thero arc 80 wlineaaes for the roapondent. A rncoxiAit scone ooonrred at the Control Pnlic» Court yeatorday morning. Ab is go.ora lv known, the premisos comprising tho Central Polio i Court and office* aio the pioportv of tho Orand United Ordor of Oddfol owp, and woro buiit by that body for a publio hall, but were after« arda leased to tho Government During the paat fow daya tho Oddfollows have boon holdhu their biennial conforonco in a room immodintoly ovor the caurt, and yesterday the noisi create 1 by the do'ogat(i3 was suoh as to prevent tho bnsinoas of the Court from hoing piocredad with. The pro.iding magiatrato sent a oonslablo three times with directions to prevent the disturbance, hut no notico boin;: token of the order tho masristrato sent for the person in oharge of tho room and politely roquoslod him to oaüso Ihonoian to bo ceaaod, wlioronpou ho replied that he supposed it was a freo country, that tho hall belonged to the Ordo», and that thov would do as thoy liked. Th« 'iraglitra«o mforrnod him that if tho noise continued bo would commit him for con- to npt of court The ihroit was «ulflolent, and the businoss was procoedod wtlh in quietnoas. Captain PititsroN, J.P., hold a mag'storlal inquiry at the Croydon Hold yeatorday relativo to Iho death of Tnomas Huckatop, who tho previoua day waa killed hy thu falling of a pnok age in Little Goorgo-Btreet Deceased was about l8 yoare of ago, and resided at Ouniit-olllown. lltiok Btop, who waa «mployol by Mr. Scholu, hairdresior, of Ha nilton-plnoo, was on Thursday nl'tornotra standing with a »oung man nomad Jamoa 15a»y, undornnath a chain lift attached to tho rear of prormsos of Mr. N. Sholloy, morchnnt, of 28 Huntor-Btreot. So_o boxea of preaotvod tongues woro boing hanled up by this lift, when tho sling slipped, th« boxoB striking both young mon I on the heal, fluckstop was killod immediately, but iïany waa not dangorounly injmed Captain Presión found that death was tho result of au accident A TooNo man named Goorgo Timms, l8 yoars of axe, residing with his rarants at No. 43d Jonaa etruet. Diurno, diod suddonly yeatoniay afternoon. Since feur jotrs old the doeeasod had been aflliotod with paralyse of tho loft aido, and had also »ufiorod from opilo-ftio fits. Yoatorda ho w.ib Bol/.od in a lit, and it was doomed adviaablo to summon madioal aid. Dr, O'Neill was aooond.ngly callod in, and ho pronounced life extinct Tun lad George Miller, who was admittod to tho Sydney Hospital on Thnr«dny evening Bullaring from burns about the legs, body, and throat, causod by tho bod in which ho and hi, brother Alfrod wera sleeping oatohing fir-, sucoumbed to his injurios in that inelitution yostai-day. The Brat leoiuro of Iho Y. M. C. A. wintor courao, by the Primat«, arranged for the 12th instant, has been postponed till iho ltttli Inatimt. The following 1« th« order of tho musical asrvlcns at ot, Andrew a Cathedral In.morrow ;_Mornliir- ? Te Dyuru, ?inWlwn In D; anth'm. "taook yo thu Lord" (Koborla). Aftornoou : Magnificat, Gad-bv in C antliein, '? Dluased bo the God uud Fathor" (Woslovi .' Litany, Tullis. ^ '" 