tffcwelisr. IXOtV FLKST PUBLISHED.] The" Verdict Was-? A STORY OF NORTH QUEENSLAND CHAPTER L A WAKEFUL SIGHT. By Harold. 31. Mackenzie, Author of "The Squatter's Daughter." The sua bad sunk to rest hours ago, lending peace and calmness to the scene. Although the hands of the clock on the mantel-shelf pointed to the small hours, little or 110 sleep as yet had como to the eyes of Sybil Prescott. The room was furnished iu that light and airy style so ofteu seen in tropical climates. On the floor, which once had boasted of varnish but now dulled by long usage and fierce noon-day suns, were scattered rugs of opossum and wallaby. In the centre of the apartment stood a large bed, so situated as to catch every particle of breeze which on this calm and sultry night was wafted through the I'uiiin in scarce sufficient force to have extinguished a lucifer. Under the canopy of a mosquito curtain, despite the careful hunt of a black attendant to rid Sybil of his tormentors, buzzed and pinged as murderous a set of demons as Queensland can boast. Lying thus with now aud then a violent dart at a more than usually audacious member of the tribe, which invariably eudeJ in missing the fair one (for we are told that it is only the female that bites) she would soar merrily upwards, serenading as she flew to prepare for a fresh onset. Mosquitoes are bad enough at all times, but when to this is added a mind o'crwrought with thoughts distracting— try tu banish them as one may— Burely the cup of woe is filled to its utmost. This was Sybil's case, when for the hundredth rime he tossed and turned on liis weary pillows with the ever ominous hum of mosquitoes ringing in his eara. " Confound the thing ! I can stand it no longer 1" he exclaimed, dashing the curtains aside and reaching out for a cigarette. Having lit the consoling roll of rice paper and tobacco, he thrust his feet into a capacious pair of Chinese slippers and sauntered on to the verandah. Here cauifortably ensconced in a long canelounge he seemed more At ease aa he watched the blue rings of smoke curling upwards in the air. The stars were out in great clusters of diamonds; shining with that intense brilliancy and purity which alone can be viewed in hot latitudes. Never had the puffing of the fragrant weed seemed to bring such consolation to Sybil. His •urad was sore troubled and needed something whereby relief, if only temporary, plight be afforded, and this lie was seeking from the goddessKicotme. ' ; And has she not done much to soothe the achiug brain of man ? Have we not 1 heard of cases where brave men, though icath were nigh, and each moment might prove the last, calmly awaiting it with pipe m mouth ? Whilst Sybil is contemplating the h'-ayens it will bo a favorable opportunity to inquire what has brought him to this rising colony of Northern Australia. That he was not an Australian by birth *ould liavo almost convinced an observer at first glance. His looks, manner and everything else connected with him had »n unmistakable English appearance, «Jid surrounded as he was on the plantation with a varied assortment of humanity, "jeludiug South Sea Island Eavagi -uaiays aud the roughest species of the Queensland back-woodsman, who differs out little from the rest, exieptthat his: «Mn liiay be a few degrees less swarthy, their Stand ° Ut C0CB P ioQotlB, y J T W been reared at one of the goos old English public schools, and mot •great many years from the time of the ; readers introduction he was distinguish- • ^n^ h, tu Be! flu ore, perhaps, in the cricket: «d luatball fields than in the pursuit of; week Iambics or Latin Prosethi.result, whatever else il might have WrenI had he shone in the latter respect,; ^ s that most desirabU of all qualities, a wundmtnd inaaound body. To sdnatth e " expense of the 4 toucles u bad at aU' timeBjbut to'«-' in pjiid a sufficiency ot force on both iu order to attain a mais sana in corporesano is what every right tirinking poison should desire. The muscular training which Sybil had undergone in his youtli had given to his body that flexibility and energetic movement enabling liiui to undergo long days of fatigue under l*>t suns which so a less hardened physiqUe*miglit have told sorely upon him. Having quitted school, he passed two or three years under the guidance of several " army-crammers," who failed to drive the required subjects ' iuto his head in order to qualify him for commission in the service. Whether it was that Sybil's skull was thicker than tho general run of young men's, or that the cramming syBteui was not administered in proper form, is a problem still requiring solution. The sporting parson with whom he had last tiken up his residence was chic-fly remarkable for a knowledge of horseflesh more than any other subject. Sybil would often hold long discussions with him on the pointo oi a new fequine purchase to the exclusion of all such tiring arguments as to whether or no any two sides of a triaugle are togelher greater than the third. And so the time passed pleasantly enough in the quaint old Sussex village, which in the small' hours of. the morning would often ring Vith. tho shouts .of the 4 Obstreperous. young " bloOd%-»waking from . tlielr slumbers the hoary-headed" parishóners who brought down on . the worthy rector's head anything but blessings. When Sybil had appeared for the fourth time at Burlington House before that array of grim-visaged examiners which have made many a daring young soldier quake in his shoes at the thoughts of being "pluelced," ho knew within his Own mind that the papers sent in were not up to the mark. He was right iu his conjectures, and once more was hopelessly spun. " It's no use, sir," were the words to his father after this, his l:na ! attempt; " I'll have to chuck it i.ji J go out to Australia." This sudden determination in order, as it were, to seek some consulaiion for having failed to becone a defender of his country met with but scant approval from Colonel Prescott. Ho was indignant and displeased to think that his only sou could not have followed iu the footsteps which he himself had won so much favor in. "Go to Australia, if you've set your heart upon doing so," he had said ; " but, remember, this is the last thing I could have wished. 1 had hoped that before my death to have seen you winning honor in something more noble than perhaps driving a team of bullocks. However, when a man has been given a receptacle for brains it can only be regretted that the necessary article was not supplied. Colonel Prescott was intsjve in manner, and at times when his reason was governed by passion a very dangerous person to encounter. In a mood irritable and displeased with things in general, chiefly on account of liis sou's failure for the army, he had bidden Sybil farewell on his journey to Queensland.. With this brief outline of Sybil's former life, once more we return to the verandah from which he looked on the silvery night. The scene was beautiful indeed. A night upon which it seemed that daylight had been prolonged, so.clear and so bright was it. The house looked down upon the long sloping banks of garden which reached to the water's edge, where flashed and sparkled under the moon's white beąmB the sluggish river. The house itself was of that delightfully rambling character peculiar to houses wherein the owner, deeming that iaternal comfort is preferable to external show, had illustrated his good sense. The rooms it contained were all spacious and airy, which opened out by means of French lights on to a broad verandah running the whole length of the house. Bath-rooms, perhaps tho most necessary of all, were made quite a study of iu this edifice with their showers, plunges, and cool lounges for reclining in after tho ablutions. Close beside and convenient for supplying the inmates with au abundancy of water rana clear mountain stream, which even in the hottest weather felt cool and refreshing lo the body. Who that has ever passed weary days where the skin beems parched and shrivelled for the want of tone does not know what this bath in a land of a fierce sun means J It is the very elixir, the restoration of all relaxed energy once more to its normal sphere. To say that one's breakfast in the land where sugar grows would not readily be forgone in favor of a bath is not an exaggeration. Sybil's room faced the south, which was the best situation for getting the benefit of the much longed-for sea-breeze which generally sprang up after sun down; and then with what Bweet-smdling aromatic perfumes would the air be laden, exhaled from stepnanotis and magnolia which grew abundantly in the garden. Then, ghost-like in their mournful rustling noise, with white feathery tops shooting upwards, straight as arrows against the deep blue sky, would wave and bend with every sigh of the wind the bamboo canes which lined the river bank. On the opposite side by day, stretching league upon league through trackless jungle as yet unaisturbed by the,-hand of jnan, the. eye could^roata at will over foilage from the darkest olive green to the clearest emerald—changing, too, with as many varying tints as the small lizards which were there in thousands, basking in a noon-day sun. At night-fall would gleam and cast its glow heavenwards the camp fire of the antutored Queensland savage who, crouching like some demon from the nether world with shrunken limbs and unkempt locks made the only sorry spectacle in an otherwise perfect landscape. In strango contrast to all this wild "uncultivated land was the appearance of the Rappoe. Plantation, where unceasing toil by busy hands from early morn till the sun had set was carried on. The well-kept fields of-sugar-cane, with its arrowing tops denoting that it was ready and over-ripe for crushing-" The unceasing whirr of machinery in the giant mill as it ground and crushed through the sunny day the long luscious canes into a pnlpy mass, extracting all the thick creamy juice which ran in sluggish streams from the Tellers. - The dusky South Sea savages, with grinning faces, knee-deep in the immense tanks shovelling out the thick molasses.^ All ihisspoke of enterprise and activity, on tho part-of the owners, who livedin far-away Melbourne. Sybil had chosen tu make his home jiere with a view some day of managing the estate (which he now iield an interest in; He was young, .not more than •twenty^five yearn ®f tee.•. His personal appearance wbb - -taking,' though m : Hie ifcnct fcenset>f the tóm he wasjapfclisJid- soinc. His goad-naturcd smile, which was ever ready to part iiis lips, and clear, dark colored eyes established confidence in him at once, consequently with but few exceptions he was a groat favorite on the plantation. "He'sgot the whip hand of mi, has he ?" he muttered to himself, as rising from the lounge he tcssed away the fourth cigarette end and pased the verandah as one troubled. He was repeating to himself some words of Maurice Liscombe's, manager of Rappot, spoken to him that day. That anybody should .have dared to try and exercise a power of this kind, nay, more, a threat held out to him, in order that he should appear craven in theeyes of others, was more than he could stand. He feared no one, and, least of all, his conscience, which was clear aud free from the awful charge which he knew-Jjiscombo intended bringing against him should he not at once hush it up with large sums of money. *' Lc-t'hira do his worst; I am prepared. There must be an end sooner or later to this." He was standing at the farther end of the verandah speaking to himself and so absorbod with his own thoughts that the footsteps approaching were unheeded. Suddenly, as if by. instinct, he turned quietly on his heel and confronted Maurice Łiscombe. .. n -.'>„•• .'Fora second neither spoke, but stood gazing at each other," with the pale moonbeams playing on their countenances.' At length, Maurice Liscombe, a man short of stature, with a coarse-looking face and an expression that was not wont to inspire confidence, broke the silence. "So, Mr. Prescott, you choose three o'clock in the morning for taking exercise besides awakening people fromtheirsleep. To this Sybil made no reply, fearing possibly that had he given his tongue rein something more than a mere bandying of words might have resulted. Turn- ing his back on the manager, he calmly puffed away at his cigarette. "Ah 1"exclairucd Łiscombe, "so you still intend to ignore me ? So be it. Remember the conditions upon which I have based my proposal this afternoon, and unless you comply with them you know the consequences. A month from this date, and unless they are agreed to, you shall be known to the world as the murderer of Gerald Dugdale." For an instant the desire to strike this mau, as he would a dog, came over him, but as suddenly restrained himself and gazing fearlessly on Łiscombe uttered in words both calm and clear: "That God should have deemed it worthy to put breath in a body such as yours is beyond comprehension. This threat which you hold out to me, tiiinking that by so doing you can extort money, does not frighten me. I say, do your worst. Now I have finished. Words with you are useless." Before the manager had time to make reply Sybil had vanished, leaving him to hiB own reflections. In another hour or two the great hot sun had risen, loudly welcomed by shrill-tongued birds of brilliant colors, the low croaking sounds of reptiles which came from their retreats to bask in its genial rays, and all the thousand noises which are ever present in this steamy sugar land. The month was July, and cool enough compared to blazing December, which, indeed, is a veritable vaporbath in Queensland. The morning-bell had sounded, awakening the hands" from their slumbers to begin another day of toil and weariness under a vertical sun. Such a hot sun, the like of which is scarcely realizable by those who have not stoodfor hours under its scorching rays within the dense canebrake whither 110 breeze to refresh the body finds its way. For hours toil the coolies, ridding tho ground of noxious weeds which seem to grow in a night in this natural forcing-house. Then afar off are seen the patient plough horses tramping through yielding soil heavy and irksome after the late rains, in order to prepare the ground for next year's crop. Slowly aud with measured tread, groaning and tugging at their chains, are seen teams of bullocks, dragging behind them mountain loads of firewood to feed the ever-ready jaws of the huge furnaceB, whilst the Btalwart driver walks slowly beside them with many acurae on their heads and many a cut from his double-thonged whip when they shirk the slightest. The mill grinds on ^without cessation until the crop is off. No sooner are the day toilers released than a gang for night work succeeds them. The huge rollers are silent for a time and give way to the whirling centrifugals and vacuum pan bubbling and dancing with the saccharine matter which is to be converted into sugar. It is all life and energy, the work of a sugar plantation. Races from all countries mingle together. The shrewd Scotch engineer, who lias charge of the machinery; the heathen Chinaman, who wields an axe to prepare fresh sugar land by felling the jungle; the treacherous Malay, who skulks and would like to run a knife through anyone who offends his dignity were it not that the laws of Queensland are not those of hiB own peninsula and he fears the consequences. Then come -all the overseers, roUBe-aboiits, mill hands and workers of all descriptions. Some loading steamers with the precious bags of sugar that will eventually find their way to the Melbourne and Sydney markets, others carting "megAaaV to the mill furnaces which has been drying under the sun lor. days past. Dusky and well-proportioned women with babes slung at their backs move about arrayed in cheap, bright garments purchased at a neighboring store, loading drays with fneL For the women of the South SeaB know hard work equally with the men .weeding and stripping the cane, laughing with the bright sunshine playing on their pearly teeth, which might cause a sigh of envy from many a less favored woman of fairer hue, and over all the brilliant sunrays gleaming on whitened roofs and throwing shadows across the purple-hued mountains which frown like mighty fortresses that have been scorched and wind-Bwept for centuries past. CHAPTER II. MATOICE LISCOMBE'S DELmUJJL " The words which had been uttered the previous evening by Maurice Łiscombe still rang in Sybil's ears throughout the whole of the next live-long day, as though a Lot iron had been aeared across his brain. Usually joyous -when employed in his day's work,. singing and light-hearted as the verieBt school-boy released fromrhis studies, he was on the luurums after this night tif mculal łcrturc sad and absent in manner/ ' - \- The day was an unusually busy oner The truck* loads of cane stacked: Jijgh 'jn air sump {touring (it to feed the lulleis, frliich ground airay„ fritha- crackling noise, slowly but surely extracting every particle of juice from the long, sweet sticks.' The line of drays crawling at funeral pace, drivenjiy Kanakas, pulled up,. each in turn, to receive a load of " megass," thence to be carted away and spread out in the sun, where, as children in other countries might play in the hayfields, so would the little black savages— the oflspringof Kanaka women—delight in rolling and tossing it in each other's faces. In the far distance glimmered and ehone with almost supernatural brilliancy the mighty mountains, on which could be traced tumbling water-falls,sparkling and dancing like millions of crystals under the vigorous sunrays. : The scene was all color, life and movement. Sybil of an evening would delight to join in a friendly game of cards with the overseers, where his cheety manner aud good- natured banter would always find a ready welcome. After the day's work ..succeeding that of hife midnight interview with Łiscombe, he was in no ready frame of mind for the light-hearted throng which was awaiting his coming at the barracks. He merely stopped as he rode homewards for a short half hour to tell them that he would not put in an. appearance that evening. 'VSVhy, what's uphold boy, with you?" queried JTred Roycroft, a bright, goodlooking young fellow, employed on the place as storekeeper. "Yes," added Alex Sugden, "you look as if you'd lost two-pence and picked up a half-peuny." " She's thrown him over," said Arthur Richards in a playful tone. At any other time Sybil would have had quick repartee at his command to parry these thrusts with, but this evening he was distrait, and found but little to amuse him. The society of his fellow-creatures for once proved irk- some. Have we not all felt so at times? When some cloud lowers over the sunshine of our path, would we not wiBh to be away, far away and alone to think it over and try if possible of finding some way out of our trouble ? " Well, hire we are, boys," said Roycroft, placiug glasses on the table with a whisky bottle beside them. "Let us chase away dull care and make our old friend smile again. Never shall I forget him shouting to me the evening that alligator was behind me in the river. If ever a man swam for his life I did on that occasion." " By George, yes!" said Sugden, "you had a narrow squeak that time, and can thauk Prescott for being alive now." Sybil, who waB leaning over the table flicking the dust from his boots, poopoohed the idea as was his wont wheu any special act of /its doing was brought forward. "Nonsense, boys," he answered; "it wasali due to Roycroft's swimming. Certainly, I drew his attention to the alligator, and can truly say he cut to land like a torpedo boat." " Gi'e me some wlmky, and hang the cursed crocodiles," bawled Richards, holding his glasB at arm's length, " I'll take good care they don't get me for a meal.'' Talk flowed on in this fashion, waxing louder as the gleasses were drained, when one of them suddenly exclaimed : " Who the devil can this be galloping for his life ?" at the same time looking in the direction from whence the sound of fast travelling hoofs came ringing on the still calm air of sunset. " Well, .Tim, what's wrong with you ?" shouted Roycroft, as Singleton pulled his mare up in froŁt of the house a few seconds later. "Matter} Nothing much with me. The boss thoughts, come to grief. On the road home he got siucg off, and sprained an ankle. He's as tight as they make 'em. He told me to ride like blazes for a bandage, and I'm here accordingly." The quartette listened in silence to Singleton's account of the accident, though it conld hardly be Baid that any one of them showed the slightest sign of pity for Maurice Łiscombe. - "Curse him!" was all Richards muttered whilst pacing the verandah. " Now look sharp with the bandages 1" said Singleton, giving his horse a dig and riding onwards to the store. : Soon all the necessary articles were provided, Roycroft accompanying Singleton to the house where Sybil resided with Maurice Łiscombe, a distance of less than half a mile from the ^barracks. As they rode along the rivet- bank, Singleton and Roycroft measured paces'between their respective animals, which is the delight of all young colonists when they can get an opportunity of showing-what mettle their steeds are made of. On -entering the house they fonnd the manager of Rappoe stretched at length on the sofa, with wild eyes staring into space, .and now and then as effort to articulate something which was perfectly unintelligible to them. ,"A -knife at once," said Roycroft to Singietonj who set himself up as an authority whenever anything in the doctoring lijecropped up. " I .must cot that boot off, first thing." - "So,«uiting-the action to the word, he tipped the seams to pieces, which at once ioaiisedirelieL.V ,.. , Łiscombe, then ^sinking back, was soon wrapped inheavyaleep. To give Roycroft his due, although far 'from having any great knowledge or skill as a surgeon, he waa what might hav9 been termed a handy man when occasion demanded. He could bind or stitch wounds, could prepare ,and put on a poultice with aU the skill of a professional nurse, and,,on more than one occasion had beeg.Jcnown to extract teeth, though how iqnch unnecessary pain he had mflictedhewaB not prepared to say. . " Seems a nasty wrench, and likely to lay him up for a time," said Roycroft, as he bathed the ankle with ammonia and )Water.\ , The Wo were standing on either side of tbe manager, ,who lay as one inanimate, cave for the labored breathing and convulsive twitching of his lips, caused by heavy drinking. \- " That Least can aever go to the township without coming back tight. ; Some night he'll get his .neck troke, and it .won't be much loss either. ,-vXknow one man on the place as woiddn't mind seeing him toes op." , . These remarks .were uttered by Singleton, who was-expressive in hiB phrase- «logy, if not having due regard for Qoeen'e English. r.> Who's that?" querieditoycroft, winding yards upon yards of aoftr linen round the ^swollen- ankle.:-., i ''Now, t'uen,can't' jrou guess, instead of i<ying to play the goat ? Ton know jolly well the man luiean." : .... X iB4 l JPfi?f Ł JofŁfn ^ąssnm|d this Jcind ot im »tctriaui' — being ^what one might have" ~' ~ a safe customer, as regards not saying too' much. " Well, if you want to know, Prescott's the man I'm referring to. Lord ! to hear him cursing the boss this morning was enough to have frightened the devil himself. There must ha' been some jolly row on last night, for I never in all my bom days " Before Singleton bad finished, Maurice Łiscombe opened his eyes, though what was taking place he seemed scarcely to be aware of. His eyes rolled wildy from one to the other. His arms were thrown over bis head, clutching at the cushions upon which he lay. For a moment all was silent. In another instant a low, chuckling demoniacial laugh broke from Liscombe himself: " Escape me, can he 1 Never !" The tone of his voice was unnatural and uulike that ever heard before by those watching beside him. It was clearly discernible that he was wandering in his mind from the disjointed nature of his remarks: " As true as my name's Łiscombe— saw whole affair plain as—call it murder of course I do—that fellow Prescott—moon shining full—sea calm—I'll have money Having relieved himself of so much, he Bhut his eyes once more and slumbered. " What on earth is the old fool driving at?" exclaimed Singleton. "Prescott mixed up with full moous and murder. It strikes me the moon's had a go at him by his talk. Perhaps PrescottUl be able to tell us all about it." "Take my advice," said Roycroft, " and keep what you've heard to yourself. It might cauBe trouble." " Perhaps your right," said Singleton, " though I've alvrays heard say that when a man's suffering from delirium its not right to attach too much importance to what he says. Now taking my own case, for example, when I was laid up with rheumatic fever, I took all sorts of odd fancies into my head. Even my wife, who's the beBt woman on earth, came in for a share of cursing occasionally. It strikes me, however, in this casa that there's something amiss between the boss and Prescott. I've noticed 'em for some time back not hitting it off quite proper." " Yes," said Roycroft, " that has been pretty evident to all of us, and no wonder either. A better chap never trod this earth than Prescott. I've never known him guilty of a mean action yet. A gentleman in every sense of the teim, which is more than can be said of him," pointing to the manager. " Why, the way Pivscott is spoken to sometimes, it's a wonder to me that he hasn't broken every bone in his body before this." "Good Lord ! do you think for a moment that Prescott would take such a mean advantage as to strike this flabby thing here," said Singleton, throwing a look of contempt on the sleeping form. " No, he's not built that way. Give him a man of his own size and weight, and then there would be something to talk about. I'll back Prescott any day for a fiver." The evening was now wearing on. Without all was still aud peaceful, save for the the cry of birds which piped merrily all through the night, as some are wont to do in this hot land. Or again might be heard the piteous wail of wild dogs, serenading the bright moon in some deep recess of the thick jungle, a whine so piteous and uncanny as to make those who hear it for the first time imagine it from the regions where torments may exist. What nights are these of the tropics, where the deep vault of Heaven is studded with countless millions of bright worlds? Do they not speak to us of something that we may hope for in that unveiled future whither all, we believe, are trending ; something of peace, something of rest and repose from all the buBy toil and vexation of spirit, which is the general lot of mankind on earth ? Yes, eucli are the dreamy, calm, ethereal nights of these lands where Great Sol in running his daily course beats down upon the earth so fiercely. Beside such nights as these, what comparison can be drawn with those of temperate latitudes where the Btara shine but feebly, where fogs drift up from cold morasses, and where the &uu; looks sick so often through banks of dull-hued clouds 1 One is all life, color and gaiety ; the other sombre, dull and sad. lie birds in their rich plumage darting across the jungle path, the lizards timidly gazing from their bower of .fern and rich, moist grasses, the troops of dazzling butterflies, the emerald colored snakes gliding noiselessly through the undergrowth, all seem to be endowed with greater vitality in lands where spices grow, and, alas! where Europeans sicken and die. Over all this wealth of color, this abundance of Nature's greatest gifts, when but to be able to be proof against malarial fever, would mean only to live in order to enjoy, comes the warning note of death. The ride, perhaps when the sun haB set, floundering girth deep on your trusted steed through stagnant water, are then exhaled from its noxious depths where infusorial life is teeming the dreaded malarial gases. This sickness, deadly in its purpose, strikes down strong and weak.- Men who have endured the hardships of campaign, men who have travelled many weary leagues in the saddle without food for days would gladly experience them all again rather than fight the common enemy of the tropics, which racks them both in mind and body aa nothing else can. Lying for weeks together, -with every bone, as it were, being 'hammered by mallets, by sprays of ice-cold water coursing down the spine, as soon to be followed by scorching irons, as it were, tearing the fleśh asunder, are some of the feelings of this tropical fever. Sybil had as yet escaped all sickness, as most do whose rich English blood is not made thin until a summer or two has passed. With .his fine physique and welltrained muscles he could defy almost anything in the ehape of bodily ailments, and would laugh when any one complained of headaches, ao much the rule with all about him. •*'• • V" Well," said Singleton, breaking a somewhat prolonged silence, "do you think you'll want me any loiter, 'cos, if you don't, £ think I'll be getting back to the missis.". . - , Singleton was a married man, and always spoke of bis better half as the missis. -A lander husband never.breathed than this somewhat rough- and-ready stockman, who took a pride in -seeing everything around his small home as neat and natty 4BS hands could make it Its well-kept garden, in which be would work after the day had finished/ The enug little parlor, with its suite of fresh,' bright-colored chintz and favorite books* and photographs.' ~ Its tall and cool-looking iernfi, shading the verandah, the pride and joy of bis wife. Thesealljtold of -kind and loving.. hands <«dikii, «titeHftBight hare-been left %> ' •iid'decay.'' . - '.' Only one thing more, Singleton,'' said Roycroft. "When you're passing the barracks, see if Prescott is there, and if so, tell him to come as soon as he'can. I want to arrange about the boss. He must have some one by him all night. In one of his momenta of frenzy he might become troublesome." "Right, old boy. There's my little beauty outside pulling on her bridle as if she saw a thousand ghosts, so I'll be off at once. Good-night 1 and keep the old beggar quiet." In another second he had swung lightly into the saddle and was cantering through the moonlight with many a leap from the young mare, who Beemed to have an idea that shadows of trees and stumps were treacherous water-juinpB. Roycroft and the manager were alone. The room they were in was long and airy, and, as the sea-breeze came in gentle gusts, it .made muBic in the glass chandelier above. In t}-e garden, flying-foxes tunidst the cocoa nut and bananna trees played hide-and-seek; the crickets chirped a°d bats flew in and out, attracted by the All creatures of night-time were holding high festival. Presently a dee^i groan came from Maurice Łiscombe, which startled Roycroft somewhat, who was enjoying a cigarette in an arm-chair. In another instant he had risen in a sitting posture, but seemed to take no heed of Roycroft's presence. His eyes had a fixed bleary look, and wore an expression of pain as he drew from his pocket a sealed letter and as quickly thruBt it back again, fearing lest auy one should see it. That he was suffering from delirium was evident. " Poor Dugdale ! Poor Dugdale 1" he kept repeating to himself. " Never mind; you'll be avenged for it. Prescott'il have a hard case to prove, a hard case to prove—d n him!" Roycroft listened with some interest, wondering what on earth this charge levelled against Prescott could mean. In the distance came the noise of clattering hoofs, which Roycroft guessed to be Sybil riding homewards Soon the young Englishman pulled up and dismounted. When he entered tne room he stood for an instant gazing at the bloated features and swollen ankle of the manager, then taking his seat close to Roycroft, they talked for a time in low voices. " Is he wandering ? Has he been saying anything ?" queried Sybil, who was apparently anxious to know something about the patient. " Yes, he is saying a lot more than he ought to." "Anything about me? Is he unconscious ?" "Very much so, and for that reason I attach no importance to his words." "JBut what has he been sayiDgi" Sybil inquired, anxiously. "' Better not be too curious; it mightn't please you." "Come, now, Roycroft; there can be nothing between us. Take me into your confidence ; I promise you it'll go no further." " For your own sake, I trust net; it's a very ugly report, old boy." At these words Sybil roBe to his feet, fearing what he guessed when he had heard that Liscombe was delirious. Advancing slowly towards Roycroft he took him gently by the shoulder, gazing fearlessly into his eyes. " Does he—does he "—here he faltered a little—"mention the name of Dugdale, accusing me of—of—" He sank into ą chair, the words refusing to come. Roycroft stood over him, wondering what it all meant. CHAPTER III. sybil's NAKltATIVE. Seasons come and go in sugar lands without that remarkable change in character which distinguishes those of more temperate climes. The sun is always shining; the trees, the phrubs, and the flowers are for ever fresh to the eye ; winter, BO called, may be a little less severe than autumn; summer may become intensified as spring departs, bnt days are hot always. The dancing rays of sunahine blind the eyes at noon-day even in the month of June, and when night dosc-s in chill mists, at times arise hanging like, a white pall above the arrowing cane-tops. The Malay crouches around his hot embers, his form so lithe and active under vertical sunrays, when Europeans gasp for breath, now shrinks and shrivells before the cool night air. It was the winter season at Rappoe. The season when all day long in the cane-fielda the toilers were busiest. Clink, clink, went the cane- knives, sharp as razors and flashing in,the sunshine, from a score of dusky savages. ' Women and children, too, were gathering up the bamboos as they fall and piling them on the trucks for the mill. No one was idle. Bat what a change is the season of heavy rains, when for days together no work can be pioceeded with, when the great mill has ceased pounding on, and birds and flying-foxes wheel about the building, ucscared by the roar of steam. Then course down in all their fury the racing mountain torrents to join the broad,'fast-flowing river, which carries on its surface mighty .tree trunks, torn from their roots, to be borne seawards. No craft could stem that current, rushing madly on to join the wide, blue ocean. Man perforce must succumb to the inevitable. He watches, and not without anxiety, the rise of the storm waters as slowly, bnt surely, each day they make headway, fearing lest that in one overwhelming ' avalanche they may burst their ' bounds and carry all before them. In Junea man might wade the river, were it not for the gruesome thought that under that cilru, unruffled surface a hideous crocodile may be lurking. Sleeping, sleeping always, until it scents its prize, then with a dart magical in its speed, the prey is seized and dragged by a triple-row of. teeth to be ground in piece-meal. " If you've nothing to do this evening, we'll ride to Thornton "and have a game of billiards,"said Sybil to Roycroft. "Is Singleton about 1 I want him to come, too." Sybil was riding, and had palled up in front of the mill-house, where a gang of Chinese, Malays ańd Eanakas were busy feeding the rollers with cane. My reason for wanting 700 to oome 1 daresay you can easily guess. •> You have heard'quite sufficient last night to set you wondering, I've no doubt. Singleton ęąs-; alś6, heard ppart, and for this reason ! want you both to. ride .to Thornton with me. There we can have a '.qneŁ....diaŁ - at the. Apub'. over the — 1 .tter,'4&ich;'~I don't-care iabontdoing i.''—(Tole coniimicd,)--:—- • 