LITERATURE. FROM LIFE.* The many friends of Wybert Reeve in South Australia are well aware of his skill as a comedian and of his brilliancy as a conversa tionalist, but they are not so'fully informed concerning bis brightness and ability as a writer, frequently he has made incursions into the field of authorship^ and presented to the public through the medium of type his observations upon men and things. Hib latest contribution to literature is a book published by George Robertson & Co., under the title of "From Life," containing recollections and jottings, covering a wide area, and instinct with the freshness and interest of personal experience. The opportunities he has had as actor, manager, and traveller in most parts of the civilized world, and 1ub association with men and women of mark here, there, and everywhere have supplied him with stores of varied information, and' his capacity to take note of the humorous side of things, combined1 with dexterity in the use of the English language, enable him to present piquant pictures of what he has seen and: heard. He does not concern himself with prosaic facts such as attract the statesman, the politi cal economist, or the social reformer, but ne is a keen critic of the human family, and' is able to hit off with a light touch and with a com plete absence of bitterness or wounding satire the peculiarities of those with whom he has been brought in contact. We learn from the volume, though the writer certainly does not go out of his way to obtrude his personality, that Mr. Reeve at a very early age developed a liking for the stage, and lost no chance of going fer tile play. His first visit to a theatre was in the company of Thomas Dibdin, grandson of " the great sea-song writer, godson of Garrick, and author of some 800 songs, dramas, ana1 pantomimes—pantomimes in which Grimaldf clowned, notably the very famous one of • Mother Goose. " This Thomas Dibdin, at the time spoken of a dlecrepit old' man, burdened with a young wife and family, forms one of a troop of noteworthy characters of the old time out lined in the first chapter—characters wkioh, like shadows out of the distant past, flit before the author's mental vision. One is tempted to linger among apparitions spoken of with such tender appreciation, but in the later pages of the book is to be found metat more attractive. Im presenting " Sidelights from- the Stage" Mr. Reeve is in His element. He first dwells upon Edward Eean, whom- he regards as the last, of the great Shakspearian: geniuses the English stage can boast of, and1 many curious incidents are recorded oonoeraing this tragedian, who had a. strangely chequered career. He belonged to the time when play goers expected full value for their money, and got it- too, for the performances were leng thened out till the early hours of the morning. It is strange to read the statements of reoeipts of these times, when a week's takings varied, from £12 10s. to £39 5s. Odl, and this, in epite of the attractions of names which are famous in the history of the stage. Some of the old bills reprinted by Mr. Reeve bear striking testimony to the quality and quantity of the provision made for the delectation of theatre goers inthedayaofourfilhers. Ononeoccasion, —a. benefit to Mr. Wallack in 1830—the pro gramme embraced Colman'e play of " The Iron Chest," fourteen balladB and duets, a come dietta in two acts entitled- "Perfection," and1 a new drama, also in two acts, called "The Brigand." Nor is the bill alone remarkable for its length, seeing that among the per formers mentioned m, it are- such staas as Madame Yestris and Madame Malibran. It is only in passing^ however, that Mr. Reeve adverts to times antecedent to his own. Presently he brings us into the thick of his theatrical life. He has much that is kindly to say about Mrs. Barnett, under whose management he made' some of his earlier essays in acting. This lady, he relates, "Had a marvellous way of casting pieces. Nothing came amiss to her; her ingenuity in arranging the doubling and trebling of pasts was a surprise k took a new member of the company some time to- get over. I give an instance. A star, Mr. Henry Betty, son of the young Roscius^ came .to play a week, and among other pieces 'Macbeth' was put up. I found myself cast for Ross, Banquo, and the first Murderer, which necessitated my murdering myself and report ing to Macbeth I had done so. I knew in all probability I should murder Shakspeare without any trouble, but I could not see my way to the other arrangement. It was, how ever, soon got over by Mrs. Harriett. My dear, nothing could be nicer. _ Macduff and Malcolm mixed up Ross'b lines in the first two acts, and I was all right as Banquo up to the first scene, when I appeared in a oloak, slouch hat, and heard as the murderer, and undertook my own murder; then in the murder scene I crossed as Banquo withPleance, threw oloak and hat on, bobbed round the wing, and entered as FirstMurderer, followed myself off and commit ted the sanguinary act, entered at the banqnet scene, reported I bad done the deed, off with cloak, some chalk on face, and a huge red gash across my throat, and I was Banquo's ghost. I afterwards came to life for the rest of the piece as Ross. To say the least this was an in genious concentration of dramatic forces, but in those days and in snoh theatres yon were supposed to get experience, and there is no douut you dia get it." By a natural transition the writer comes to speak of amateur acting, and introduces an amusing anecdote about his meeting with an old gentleman at Whitehaven, in Comber land. .One evening he told me, to my surprise, he had been an actor. * By WybertBeeve (Comedian). Selected and re published from the Autlraliuian and other journals. George Robertson & Co., London, Melbourne, Sydney, and Adelaide. Ab Hamlet questions Polonius, naturally comeetbe query, " What did you enact?" . "Well, perhaps," be replied, "you wouldn't think' ili a part of much importance; but I Aid, 1 can tell you," , "'.Whatisit?" . , , ".Weil, young sir—it was a cock." ! 'Tivas considerably mystified by this reply, j Beeinft I was so, he explained. ' "-You know a play called the 'Spectre Bridegroom?"' X answered in the affirmative. "Well, .there is one particular part of it, after the man sits watching for the ghost, just ; as morning 'breaks, when the cock crows." " Yes, I rememember that." "Well, as I did the oook astonishing in my youhg days they asked me to help 'em behind the scenes." " How did you get on V "JTirst-rata young sir, only, you see, I was laughing at the play, and forgot when it was to oome, and I felt very nervous, I can tell j you." "That was a pity. "Wasn't it? Presently I remembered what I was there for. I hadn't noticed the actor on the stage making faces at me for some time before. ' What the devil are you doing ?' says ! one of the amateur actors called Tom Martin. 'It's afternoon now, the play's nearly over. J) it, you ought to have orowed half an I hour ago.' I should have done it first-rate but for that. I never acted again" " Well, there is no knowing what the stage has lost" " You're right, young sir," and the old man chuckled and puffed vigorously at his church warden, tickled at the idea. This same Mr. Thompson, amateur coek crower, and President of the Crown Inn Parlour, was the father of the late Dr. Thomp son,' Archbishop of York. Then follow in quick succession recollec tions of ChaHes Dillon; of Sir William and Lady Don, with whom Mr. Reeve in his early days of management had much to do; of Charles Roan, who paved the way for that "innovation of archaeological and historical accuracy" in the presentation of plays which in Henry Irving s hands has proved such a brilliant success; of Joseph Jefferson; of Robert Hellar, the clever thought and object reader, whose visits to Australia with his sister Haidee livein thememory of Adelaideans; of Sothern and delightful hours spent with him at Svans's in the palmy times of that Sbmous Bohemian resort; of G. Y. Brooke, who will always hold a high place in the admi ration and regard of Australian theatregoers; I of poor vain talented Walter Montgomery, whose performances on stage and platform | mark an epoch in the dramatic annalB of Ade laide ; of Henry Irving, who owes something to Mr. Reeve for the opportunity of so early in his career finding a place on the boards of a London theatre; and finally of our recent genial visitor, J. L. Toole, whose unostenta tious kindness in providing in conjunction with a charitable lady of the city an entertainment for the inmates of the Destitute Asylum is appreciatively recorded. One of the brightest chapters in the book are J the "Reoollections of Charles Mathews," with j whom Mr. Reeve was brought much in contact, . and for whom he entertained a strong affection, j We can do no more, however, than quote two anecdotes—one characteristic of the diy humour of the great comedian, another of his marvellous vitality, by virtue of which he was enabled to enact successfully, even in extreme I old age, parts requiring the sprightliness and . vivacity which are usually the accompaniment of youth. At Newcastle-on-Tyne lived a Mr. L , a Commissioner in Bankruptcy, who was always eager to beaome acquainted with notabilities, but was withal a very mean man. " He would not rest until he persuaded Cap tain R— (a friend of Mr. Reeve's) to take ] Mathews round to breakfast. At last he con- j sented, and L had a spread, as- he con-1 sidered, worthy of the occasion. After break fast L—— produced, a much-prized box of cigars that he religiously kept from his ordi- I nary friends, and offering it to Mathews said— 1 'Try one of these; .tou will find them very fine—very fine indeed. You are a good judge of cigars, They cost jne, wholesale, ninepence apiece.' 'Did they f . said Mathews, smelling one, looking at it, then lighting it, L—— watching eveiy movement. _ ' Tjy one of these,' said Mathews, offering his cigar case, which L accepted. He took out a cigar, looked at it, smelt it, pinched it, caip fully pierced it, and lit it. ' Ah!' he said with satisfaction, passing the lighted end near his nostrils to better enjoy the aroma. 'Very gocd; first rate.' A fine cigar; well seasoned; full flavour.' 'Very,' replied Mathews, quietly;' I see you like a good cigar.' ' I do,' said L——. ' I know the quality directly I put it to my mouth.' 'Yes, I should think so,' replied Mathews, his eyes twinkling;' that cigar cost me twopence. I bought it at a chandler's shop round the corner.' It was per fectly true; he had sent for a shilling's worth that morning-" Here is the other story :— "He went to the theatre, and had partially undressed when he fainted away. A-doctor was immediately sent for; the; house was ctowded, and the Manager i in, great trouble. On examining Mathews the doctor said he di.d not believe there was an hour's life in him—it was quite impossible that bo could play. The audience must be dismissed. Gradually Mathews ' revived, and when aware ot bis position told the man to- finish' dressing him. The doctor Srotes ted, and warned Mr. B , the Manager, fathews would to a certainty fall dead on the stage. It was no use. he would not hear of the audience being turned away, persisted in dressing, and was led to the wing ready for his entrance. The Manager m a fright hastened to the front to see the expected calamity. 'I never was in such a funk in my life,' said Mr. B , telling mo the story, 'when, to my surprise, on he came, apparently as lively as ever. I couldn't believe it was the same man.' He got through tho performance. The doctors at the end begged of him not to smoke; his heart was in a most dangerous condition. 'Oh,' said Mathews, 'it I die I must smoke.' j He lit a cigar and was driven home. The j doctor and Manager consulted; it was reaction, and that he would be dead in the morning was tbe oonclusion they came to, so the latter set! about arranging another bill. In the morning j tbe blinds of the hotel were not down. Mr. B went upstairs to Mathews's room, and . there be was. ' Hilloa B , did you expect i find me dead? Not a bit of it. See, this is what I have just finished,' throwing him a very well done little water-colour sketoh." Mr. Reeve, having disposed of the lights of tbe stage, turns to those of the pulpit, and ■ gives without reserve his opinions upon tbe popular preachers to whose oratory he has listened. He speaks of Robert Montgomery, whose eloquence enraptured his youthful imagination, but in whom he has long sinoe recognised the charlatan so scathingly denounced by Macaulay. 1 He speaks of J. M. Bellew doing justice to his ; dramatio genius, but deftly hitting off the ] infirmities of his character. He speaks o j ' James Guthrie and of Dr. Parker, rather un fairly describing the latter's pulpit peculiarities . as antics introduced for the sake of effect, and harshly characterizing his deliverances as wanting in *'fcbnyioti<fn, _ soul, or whatever else you like to call ifc"" He has a kind word to say for Spurgeon, who ■be believes has done more (rood than half the preachers in London, but he has somewhat against him on the score of his use of abrupt metaphor end illustrations far below the dignity of his subjects.^ Finally he refers generally with appreciation to Unitarian preachers he has met, giving especially unstinted praise to the Rev. Robert Collyer," of Chicago. In the next chapter he furnishes many interest ing personal recollections of Wilkie Collins, with wbom he was brought into close associa tion. Then follow a series of touching 'inci dents illustrative of the intelligence and .fidelity of "Our Dog Companions;" a .chapter entitled "In. Search of Lodgings," in which the professional landlady oomes in for unsparing, and Well-merited censure; a dissertation on "Ghosts," with some hair raising descriptions of of apparitions and fairly well authenticated instances of communica tions between dead and living friends who in life we're far apart; an eminently pathetic discourse upon "Madness;" a bright and genial article on the "Old Inns of Englandreflec tions upon "Sport in Days of Yore;" a picturesquely written "Glance at Galatz and the Bosphorus;" some realistio ex Seriences of a professional trip from Texas to lemphis ; and several other entertaining sketches of travel. From this it will be seen how varied are the contents of the little volume which Mr. Reeve has seen fit to give to.the world. The book is entertain ing from beginning to end, and our only regret is that space does not admit of our giving more copious extracts from its inter esting pages. 