FLYING YACHT SQUADRON. Tho unsettled state of the weather on Saturday had u depressing effect upon the attendance nt the third series of sailing races hold uudor tho auspices of the Sydney Flying Squadron Yacht Clpb, and there was more unoccupied mineo on board the steamers that proceeded to Llnrit ismnu tnnn on former occasions. The racing programme consisted of three contests, two licati aud a final. In tho first heat the following boats went away :— Booraleo (K. Bonks) and Kauanook (Mark Foy), 1-jmiii. start ; Gazelle (G. Newton), Lilian (T. lcacb) and Violet (\\\\\ Read), Umin. ; Kegina (C. P. M'CVmvllJe), Amiu. 5 aiul Volunteer (J. Robinson), scratch. Tlio course was from Glark Island to a buoy off Chowder Point and theuco round Shark Island back to tho starting point. At Chowder Point the positions wero not materially altered from tho start, but as soon as tho buoy was rounded, tho Kegina made her way to the lead, whore alio was joined by tho Volunteer, and these two wero the first round Shark Island, tho Booraleo and Lilian following, tho Kananook licing out of the running and standing away to Clark Island without going over the course. At tho finish the Rcghm and Volunteer came in first and secoud and thu Lilian think The second licat skirted before tho first was finished, the light wind causing tho races to last longer than usual. For the second heat the follow ing started Pomona (J. Firth), 3min.; Greco Darling (J. Gannon), 23 ; Ghost (A. Thomas), 2£; Cynthia (G. Holmes, jun.)2; Victor (G. Holmes, sen.). 2; SVildwuvo (K. Yarrow). 13, nndLatona(C. Webb), 14. Round the Chowder buoy the Grace Darling led, with the Pomona, Cynthia, Lntona, Ghost, Victor and Wildwave in the order named. The Latona went on a long stretch, tho remainder working down iu short tacks. Ncaring Shark Island tho Latona fouled with the Pomona, but nothing serious eventuated. Round the island the Cynthia led, with the Victor close at hand, and went away to tho end of tho course in the same positions. Tho final heat was to be sailed by the Rcgina, Volunteer, Cynthia ami Victor, tho Lilian also starting on her own res ponsibility because an unsupported protest against the Regina for not having her colors on both sides of tbo soils (an offence which would havo told equally against the Lilian) had been entered. Tho Lillau came In first, but as she wits not rightly in the race the prize fell to others. At tho Chowder buoy tlio order of the start was unaltered, but the wind falling to a light air the Volunteer made but little way, and the others luul a ding dong sail to Shark Island, where some interest, however, was awakened by tlie negotiation of the buoj. The Regina, well handled, managed to get round first, and the Cynthia and Victor, sailed by son and father rcsjicctively, hud a close contest for second place. The Cynthia, by an excellent piece of sailing, beat the Victor and, having obtained second place In tbo race, kept it to tho finish, the Victor coming in third and the Volunteer fourth. Tho prize inoncy (in three prizes) amounted to £30. 