THEATRE ROYAL. MR. BENTLEY AS HAMLET. The presentation of a new Hamlet by an intelligent and studious actor, capable of thinking out the part for himself, is always an interesting theatrical event. For the last word has not been spoken, nor is ever likely to be spoken, concerning a character which is admittedly the most wonderful creation of a dramatist who stands primus inter pares. Its variety, like that of Cleopatra, is in- finite. Hamlet is truly "a concentra- tion of all the interests that be- long to humanity." Everyone who ex- amines his nature finds in it some reflection of his own personality, some echo of his own thoughts, some image of his own mind; because as Hazlitt has said, "it is we who are Hamlet," and every inter- preter of the character upon the stage ani- mates it with characteristics shaped and coloured by his own sympathies, opinions, feelings, idiosyncrasies, and temperament. Both actors and commentators are perfectly agreed as to the objective reality of the Prince, and are unanimous in regarding him as a creature of flesh and blood,because he is so intensely human, but no two interpreters of the part have represented him under the same aspect. We cannot tell how Burbage enacted Hamlet, and our loss in this respect is very great indeed; for Shakspeare, who played the Ghost, was his teacher. Colley Cibber, who was roused to enthusiasm by Betterton, speaks of it as indescribable, and states that he preserved the happy medium between "mouthing and meaning too little, and sustained the attention of the audience by a temper'd spirit, rather than by mere vehemence of voice." Garrick s Ham- let was remarkable for its consistency, and its intense truth to nature, in all the emotional passages more particularly. "You may call me coward if you will," says Partridge, speaking of the ghost scene, "but if that little man there upon the state is not frightened, I never saw any man frightened in my life." Garrick never forgot the princely rank of Hamlet, and the dignity of his bearing and the courtesy of his manner threw an air of refinement and elevation over the whole performance. Henderson charmed his auditors by the music of his voice, but failed to shake the supremacy of "little David" in this part. George Frederick Cooke, accord- ing to the trustworthy testimony of Leigh Hunt, converted Hamlet into "an un- polished, obstinate, sarcastic madman." John Philip Kemble was "sweet, graceful, and gentlemanly in the character; affec- tionate and princely, and brought into pro- minence the "mingled romance and philo- sophy "of Hamlet; and his reading of it, as Mr. Brereton has pointed out, in his excellent little monograph on the subject, was de- cidedly original, as "he had seen no great actor whom he could have copied." Fanny Kemble, speaking of her father, Charles Kemble's, Hamlet, says that its great beauty consisted in the wonderful accuracy with which he "modulated the emphasis of every word, the nature of every gesture, and the expression of every look." Young's Hamlet, we are told, was fiery and impetuous, and erred by its too great glow of passion. Edmund Kean's portrait of the Prince was at times a masterpiece of acting, but unequal in quality, exquisite in its tenderness, but severe and almost virulent in the delivery of some of the level passages. Macready's Hamlet, according to Mr. G. H. Lewes, was " lachrymose and fretful;" but it was a fine scholarly performance nevertheless, if somewhat too declamatory. In the hands of the elder Booth, the Prince became the mouthpiece of a fitful inspiration, which electrified the audience while it lasted, and was succeeded by intervals of depressing monotony. At his best he was magnificent; at his worst he was uninteresting. Fechter's Hamlet was pronounced by one of his ablest critics to be "charming, because natural." Of more recent interpretations of the character by actors of celebrity it is expedient to say nothing, because the fires of contro- versy are not yet extinct concerning their merits and demerits, and we stand too near them to look at them in historical perspec- tive. Mr. Bentley's Hamlet possesses the some- what unusual quality of originality. In conception and execution it departs in many respects from precedent and tradition, and these departures cannot be deprecated. He makes the key-notes of the character a pro- found melancholy enlivened by a saturnine humour, a reverential affection for his father, and an irrepressible hatred of his uncle, mingled with a scorn that deepens into the utmost bitterness. His scenes with the ghost in the first act were admir- able in their earnestness, in their conflict of emotion, and their inter- play of solemn awe at the supernatural visiting, and of fierce indignation with the crime of the usurper. They excited the enthusiasm of the audience to such an extent that they endeavoured to call Mr. Bentley before the curtain twice while the business of the act was still proceeding, but he very properly refused to accede to the de- mand. In the second act he was alternately humorous, poetical, philosophical, and col- loquial, always in obedience to the exercise of a sound judgment, and with the happiest effect, while his by-play in connection with the espionage of Rosencrantz and Guildenstern, served as a skilful elucidation of the text. His scene with Ophelia in the third act was especially good, as denoting the consciousness that he was being watched, and as explaining and justifying the violence of the language nominally addressed to her, but really intended for the King and Polonius. Hamlet's address to the players, delivered in a conversational tone of voice, was excel- lent; and Mr. Bentley makes a strong point in the play scene by repeating the words he has written for Lucianus, and out- running the player in his own nervous anxiety to tent the King to the quick, the act- drop following on a scene of dramatic con- fusion and excitement. The scene with the Queen in her closet is also one of Mr. Bentley's strongest and best. The passionate vehemence with which he reproaches his mother is suddenly changed into a feeling of filial piety and obedience when the spirit re- appears, and this is followed by a display of compassion and forbearance towards the erring woman, in deference to the solemn in- junctions laid upon him by his father. In the last act Mr. Bentley's voice exhibited signs of fatigue, but the death scene was powerfully worked up, and proved a striking finale to a very fine performance. He was called before the curtain at the end of each act, and a similar compliment was paid to Miss Hansen, who produced a favourable impression on the audience by the simple grace of her Ophelia. Mr. Cathcart brought out the senile self-sufficiency and official fussiness of Polonius with characteristic ability. Miss Watt-Tanner did ample justice to the character of the Queen, and Miss Floyd fluttered through the part of Osric with a charm peculiarly her own. "Hamlet" will be repeated every evening until further notice. 