New Detective Stories (ALL RIQIITS RESERVED.) (BY SIR GILBERT UAMX'BELL.) : HANGED BY THE NECK. THK OIMIESr ON FHAMUlY llKATH. j There was a dead »iience in tho court as old Judge Hargrave Blowly tr- assumed the black cap and addressed the orisoner ifl tho dock. There was a-.certain malicious twinkle in the old man's eyes as lie uttered the terrible 80'ntetice of the law. . " Prisoner at the bar," said he, " you have been very justly found guilty by the jury of a series of the must audacious highway robberies and burglaries which it has ever been my lot to hear enumerated. Your course of dritrie has been a long one, but jus tice has overtaken you at last. The sentence of the court is that you shall be taken to the spot Where .your last crime was committed — Framley Heath — and that you shall hang by the neck until you are dead, and may the Lord have mercy on your soul !" A murmur ran through the court as the sentence wai pronounced, for it was remembered that oh Framley Heath, the culprit had stopped Judge Hargrave, as lie was driving liome from a dinner at Squire Rainford's,- ahd despoiled him of a valuable gold repeater, a diamond ring, and some GO guineas, the winnings of the evening at whist. The prisoner did not seem at all im pressed on hearing the sentence which remitted the span of his life to a few days, ahd answered defiantly, "Thank you, my lordyou take advantage of your position, and I can see there is a spice of irialice in your manner. However, you have done your worst now, arid so I wish you good-bye ; but take care, for if there is any truth in ' a. life beyond the grave, I will come back again and pay you what I owe you." He made a mocking bow, and, turning to the goaler, who stood beside him, was about to quit the dock, when the voice of the judge arrested his progress. "Stop, prisoner," said lie, " I have not yet concluded. Your body will remain suspended in chains upon Framley Heath ns a warning to ill- doers like yourself. Now, goaler, re move the prisoner to his cell." Starlight Dick had indeed, aS the judge said, had a long career. For nearly four years ho had been the terror of tho lonely roads and wide heaths of Marlshire, and so expeditious were his movements that he appeared to . be endowed with tho gift of ubiquity, committing a highway rob bery in one place, the gossip concern ing whioh lind hardly subsided when intelligence of a burglary with violence, some 20 miles oil', brought his name again before the public. Immunity, however, caused him to grow careless, and at length lie was arrested, after a deep carouse, at a lonely alehouse which he wii3 in tho habit of fre quenting. The robber made a desperate resistance, and mortally wounded ono of the thief-takers before he was secured. Numbers, however, prevailed ; and aB the assizes were on. his shrift was but a short one. On tho boundaries of Framley .Heath, old Simon Drabley, a member of the Society of Friends, occupied a small farm, where he dwelt with his daughter, Rachel, and his sister's son, Obadiah Lookycr. Rachel was a comely lass, and it lmd been settled that if Squire Rainford, the owner1 of the farm, would grant a fresh lease, she and lier cousin wore to be made man and wife. Simon Drabley had been a witness of one of Starlight Dick's most daring robberies, and with manifold unwilling ness had been compelled to give evidence . against the prisoner at his trial. He was almost heartbroken wheii he heard the sontence pro nounced, for the tenets he professed were strongly adverse to the iniliction of the penalty of death. He did not, therefore, form one of tho dense crowd whiqh collected on Framley Heath to witness the final exit of the robber who, for so long a period, had been the terror of tho county. There was not much of the solemnity of death apparent in the orowdi A good deal df hdiseplayy iriuch smoking, and deep" draughts frorn various bottles, with which the in or 8 thought ful of .. the spectators had . provided themselves, -filjied up the time, until the sheriffs and their posse Comitiatus dame into sight, escorting the cart in which the doomed man was' seated in the company of the chaplain and tho hangman. Starlight Dick had prepared for the final sceno of his life after the tradi tions of his class. He wore a scarlet riding-frock, richly laced with gold, well-fitting leather breeches, and pumps with silver brickies. In one hand lie carried a large nosegay, which had been sent to him by one of his admirers, He seemed totally undoncerried ; arid it wad only once that his Countenance changed, and thatwas when, casting his eyes over his shoulder,- lie bocame aware of the proximity of the tall gibbet, which cast its black shadow over the heath, and under which a few minutes after wards the cart drew up. The final scene of the tragedy was soon over. The executioner pinioned his victim and adjusted the fatal- cord round his neck. Then the doomed man stood up, and, motioning aside the chaplain, who was offering him the consolations of religion, kicked off his pumps with an air of bravado amongst the crowd, and made a signal to the hangman that he was ready. Tho cart lumbered heavily away, and in another second the body of the toalefactor.swung between heaven and earth, his limbs writhing and working in ali the convulsions of an agonising death'. For a few seconds the hideous sight acted like a spell of silence upon the Crowd ; but as tho struggles of the robber ceased, and his body hung limp find motionless at the end of the cord, the turmoil broke out again, and oaths and loud speeches filled the air, as they turned away to seek their various domiciles. The body was left swinging, the wire frame with which it-was to be permanently encircled not being ready; and tho fixing of which would afford another day's holiday to the rabble, whose pleasure it was to indulge in Such gruesome sights. By 12 o'clock the next day the hangman, with a blacksmith and a small portable forge, followed by a group of eager sight- seers, arrived on Framley Heath, and made their way at once to the spot where the gibbet had been erected. Upon their arrival there, however, exclamations of won der and alarm rose up on all sides. The tall gibbet wad there, ana the cord still swung idly in the wind, but the body of the dead l'obber had disappeared as completely as if his master, the Prince of the powers of darkness, had come in the night and carried it away for some unknown purpose, This, indeed, was the general opinion, for though a strict search was at once instituted, no signs of Starlight Dick coiild be discovered. at dulston gap. For two whole day3 tile whole district Was Almost insane with excite ment regarding the disappearance of the body of Starlight Dick. The rustics clung to the Satanic suggestion, but the better informed, after the first Surprise had died out, began to believe that the dead robber must have had some friends who had re moved the corpse from the gibbet for Christian burial. A new and inexpressibly strange event, which, however, now took place, afforded a topic for fresli couversation, and added a new terror to those who were compelled to be abroad in the dark hours of the night. The business of the assize being over, Judge Hargrave went to take a rest at his friend Squire Rainford's, and both gentlemen, being df con vivial habits, went over to dine with the mess of the King's Royal Piebalds, which distinguished regiment was quartered at Dulston. After a tolerably wet evening, the squire arid judge took leave of their hosts and rolled into the carriage which was to convey them home. Both gentlemen, had taken a fair dose of wine, and the motion of the carriage lulled tlierii in a short time into a comfortable slumber, from which, however, they were aroused by the sudden stoppiiig of the Vehicle, and the summons, by no means nn common in -those days, of, -"Stand'-! your money or your life !" Squire Rainford was the' first to rouse himself, and leaning out .of . the window, saw that the progress of -the carriage had been arrested at a point whero tho rond ran between two hills, known in the county as Dulston Gap. The coachman had dropped . his reins, and was seated on his box absolutely petrified with "terror, "whilst near the window was standing a figure which causad tho squire to participate in the agony of mirid under which his do mestic wns suffering. The figure which had stopped the carriage was attired in a scarlet frock richly em broidered with gold lace, and was holding a pistol in its right hand. This sight, however, would not have frightened the stone-hearted squire, who had had many an adventure with knights of the road, had it not been for tho fact that the moon, suddenly emerging from behind a cloud, disclosed the lineaments of Star light Dick, the robber whom the squire had seon executed on Framloy Heath a few days before. " Come," growled the apparition, " out with tho shiners ; do you think I have coine all the way I have for nothing i Down with tho rhino, or I'll send a brace of slugs through your skull." There could be no mistake. The voice that made this imperative demand Was the voice of Starlight . Dick, and the hand whioh was extended to receive the money had the identical three-cornered star upon it which tho squire had noticed in court on the day the robber was tried for his life. Mechanically he thrust his hand into his pocket and drew out his purse, which Dick grasped with a strident laugii of triumph, exclaiming at the same moment, " Now, then, how about tho other sleepy-head ; wake up, ; you old dodderer, and hand over!" By this time Judge Hargrave had contrived to arouse himself from the slumber which had been produced by wine and fatigue, and, peering ovor the squire's shoulder, for the first, time ' caught sight of the face of the figure which was making so threatening a demand. The recognition was mutual, and as the judge started backwards, the robber, with a loud oath, discharged his pistol. Roused from' his lethargy of terror by the report of the firearm, the coach man gathered up the reins, and with voice and whip urged his horses into a mad gallop, which speedily , conveyed the carriage far from the ill-omened Dulston Gap, and never ceased until, panting and exhausted, the animals permitted themselves to be pulled up in front of Rainford Hall. When the judge was invited to de scend from the carriage it was found that he was insensible, for though tho bullet had failed to roach its mark, yet the sudden shock had brought on a fit of apoplexy, from which he died in a -few hours, without ever recover ing his consciousness. The fact that the ghost of Starlight Dick had . appeared, and had, accord ing to promise, settled accounts with Judge Hargrave, spread like wildfire over the county, and caused universal terror and alarm, and this was con siderably heightened when other re ports came in of meetings with the spectral highwayman on many of the spots which he had been in the habit of frequehting in life. In each case the apparition had shown no signs of reformation, but had demanded money, with threats of instant death in case of refusal. People began to be shy of . going about alone after nightfall, and the frequenters of the village alehouses would not' venture to return home except in parties of twos or threes. Applications were made to various clergymen to exorcise the evil spirit, and cast it into tho Red Sea, which was at that time considered the legiti mate limbo for wandering ghosts. Whether such precautions were adopted or not, however, tho spirit of the hanged highwayman still continued its nocturnal and predatory excursions, and it was not until a week after the first appearance of the spectre that tho general alarm was dissipated in a very strange and unexpected manner. A select party of jovial souls were seated over t.heir grog at the Moon and Seven Stars, in a village situated on the outskirts of Framley Heath, and with every glass seemed less and less disposed to turn their steps home wards. Just, however, as the landlord was impressing upon them the necessity of turning their steps homewards the door was flung violently open, and a man, with terror depicted on every lineament of his face, burst into the room, and, with a wild look round, fell senseless on the floor. " Why,it'sPedlar Joe !" exclaimed tho landlord after they had raised the fainting man from tho ground and forced some spirits down his throat. " What ails you, my lad ?" As soon as the affrighted man had recovered his speech' lie told them that he had crossed the Heath that night, and that, forgetting all about Starlight Dick, lie lmd passed close to the' gibbet, And, to his horror, saw the robber occupying his old place at the end of the cord, A general murmur of disbelief was heard, but the pedlar was so earnest in his asseverations of the truth of his stateirient that at last the party sallied out to decide the question beyond doubt. On arriving at tho gibbet they saw the body of Starlight Dick oscillating gently in the night air, and certainly dead As a man could be. One curious fact they noticed, and that was that, wherever he had been, he had not per formed the journey on foot, for his legs and feet were encased in a pair of horseman's boots, with a glittering pair of spurs buckled thereon. A PAIR OP GOOD SAMARITANS. Crowds naturally hastened to Framiey Heath to view this strange Spectacle, and when the hangman came with his iron cording — for this tiirie it had been determined that so Slippery a customer should not have A second chance of escape — a fresli and more astounding discovery than ever was made. Not only had Star light Dick been scientifically hanged, but an inspection of the body showed that he had been most artistically gagged ! The wildest conjectures were hazarded, but no solution of the enigma . was arrived at, and the dead robber was loft to poison the air, whilst the iron framework' in which ho was encased creaked and jingled with every breath of wind which swept over Framley Heath. Squiro Rainford was terribly puzzled. Having been present when Judge Hargrave had been frightened into appdplexy by tho supposed apparition of the robber, ho was naturally ex tremely desirous of solving the mystery, and sought by eVofy means in his power to obtain some elucida tion of it. Mounted on his steady-going old roadster, lie scoured the district far and near, alighting at lonely alehouses, and conversing with tinkers, gipsies, pedlars, and all those whoso avocations compelled tliein to lead a peripatetic lifo, but iu no case could he obtain tho information ho sought for. At last this craving for the unrid dling of the problem grow so strong that ho took a decided stop by causing a notice to be put in tho county paper to tho effoct that ho would give a free lease of 15 years of any of his farms which might ho vacant. ' Tempting, however, as the offer was, for a whole Week it elicited no re sponse, and Squire Rainford once more sank into the lowest depths of de spair. One day, as tho squire was seated in his orchard recreating himself with a pipe and a mUg of ale, a servant came up to him and informed him that his tenant, Simon Drabloyj was de sirous of saying a few words to him, and in another moment the Quaker farmer, followed by his nephew, Obadiali Lockyer, made his Appear ance ' Well, Siiriori," said the squire, "what bririgg you here to-day?" The farmer slowly unfolded a copy of the county paper, and placing, his forefinger on a certain paragraph, asked, " Is this thine, friend Rain ford?" " I ' put it in, if that is what you mean," returned the squire, " and what is more, I'll stiolc to niy promise ; but mind, I must have the fullest in formation." " And that I am willing to give thee, friend," returned the Quaker, " but that is on the condition that thee will not use what I tell thee against me and my sister's son, Obadiah Lockyer." ri Why, were you that scoundrel's accomplice ?" exclaimed the squire. "I never thought that a sober, peace- walking man like you, Simon, would have a hand in highway robbery." "Thee goes too quickly," re plied Simon, coloring; "I said not that I had, bjit 'if thee will give me the required, pledge, I will explain all to thee." Squire Rainford was too eager for the truth to hesitate long, and so he gave the required pledge, and, lighting a fresh pipe, listened to tile tale which Simon. Drabley poured into his ears. " When the man of sin, whom thee called Starlight' Dick, was tried, I was compelled, mucii against my will, to be a witness against liim, and so it came about that my heart was very sad ns I lieard him sentenced to death. Upon the day on which he was hung, I and Obadiah had been over in my cart to Wittlestream, and as we were return ing over Framley Heath we heard groins, and on investigating the cause we found that they came from the gibbet, and that the man, Starlight Dick, had been so clumsily hanged that he was still alive, and in his agony moaning for help, I 'fear, friend Rainford, that Obadiah and I acted contrary to the law, for wo cut him down, Arid, placing him in tho bottom of the cart, conveyed him home. When we arrived there, with Rachel's assistance, we put him to bed, and for two days lavished every care upon him ; but the wicked man was not to be turned from the paths of sin, for when he grew strong he rose up in the night and stole away, taking with him a pair of horseman's boots belonging to Obadiah, and an old pistol, which he used for scaring the birds. Truly the heart of the man was depraved, for we heard that in spite of the warning he had resumed his evil courses again." " But, liang it, man," exclaimed the squire, as Simon came to a stop, "that is only, half the .story. I tell you, Master Simon, that) you have steered precious close to . the wind, and it is- lucky for you that 1 passed my word ; but come, out with it, and let us hear the end.l" Simon Drabley looked very foolish, and fidgetted about from one foot to the. other, seeming unable or unwilling to continue his recital, whilst the squire looked at him with feelings of intense curiosity. Obadiah, seeing that his uncle would not continue, took upon himself to in terpose. " Thee will keep the communication secret, friend Rainford," said he. . " You have my word," answered the squire. "And thee will keep to thy promise about the lease," pressed the young man. "Good, lad," returned the squire, with a burst of laughter, " always have an eye to business. The lease is safe enough, if. you. have got the story right." Thus assured, Obadiah commenced. " When .the man of sin was lying Sick in my uncle's- house, he must have obtained an inkling where the money was kept, for some nights afterwards I caught him endeavoring to break In and secure our property. Ho fought like a child of Beelzebub, but we prevailed against him; arid then, seeing that ho would never re pent, my uncle, and I put a gag in his rnouth, and, dapping him into the cart, drove over to Framley Heath, And hung him on the gibbet from which we had so foolishly taken him. This time the work was not done in a bungling manner, and Starlight Dick will never trouble Marlshire again, I think." "Well done, my lad," exolaimed the squiro ; " you have made up for your first transgression by the jjood deed you did. By" Jupiter, Starlight Dick would have done better had he kept dear of you after his lucky escape. The niattfir shall remain a secret. The lease you shall have, and when you marry pretty Rachel re member you ask me to tho wedding ; and' if you permit so frivolous a pas time I claim the hand of the bride for tho first dance:" : (to dm continue!). ) 