I-NG~NIOUS DEVICES OF THE SHOPLIFTERS. (sow roon wonLu.) "Erery vestige of the old-fashioned 'kick has disappeared," said a detective to me the other day when I requested his views regarding a certain phase of metropolitan ,The .hoplifter's -" kick" is the technical name of the capacious bag or rocket she who prefers to " buy" when the clkrk has his back turned has concealed un!oer her cloak, or, rather, sewed to the same on the left side, or which men have under the left coat tail. It is not by reason or an edict of Beau 3'Allister thatthe old "kick" is goingoutof use, but because section 50S of the penal code makes it a criminal offence for any one to have it in his or her posseasion. It is both in sorrow and in anger that shoplifters are parting with it but the " cops ' having "got on " to it, it had to go, for it stood as conclusive proof against its owner. From several store detectives I learned that the methods used in " working " the old " kick" had become so well-known to them, and to salesgirls that shoplifters saw the necessity of keeping pace with a progressivre age. So a more convenient contrivance was Rotten up. It is called a "hoisting kick." This consista of a regular dress skirt, so far as appearance goes, covered by an apron overskirt, which is short and can be raised easily. lOW E TOn IK Wao DONE. in the front of the underskirt is a wide vertical slit, which is but the opetine to the immense bag which the underskirt consists of, it going around the entire body and down to the heels. This was found more con venient than the side "kick," from the fact that it necessitated less movement anl a moticn that arousedlittle supicion. The thief would stand close to a counter where small articks are exposed, generally lace or silk handker chiefs or stockings. She would take one in her hands, examine it, holl it on edze in front of her, call for something elecand while the sales:irl had her ack tnoed woul! slip it into the slit. .s the "kick " is made of paper muslin the stolen article would slip down easily. Should the thief missthe aper' ture-a rare occurrence, for they are persons of nerve-the article would fall on the floor, and the thief wculd pick it up, replace it on the counter, and claim that it was an acci deLt, which in reality it was. This worked well until several shopifters n-ing this "kick' were arrested and searched, which exposed the whole thing, and now there are few of them in existence. So tl.e eildoer's genius had again to be called into requisition, and a woman who was arrested in a Sixth Avenue store showed how she had improved on that style. She worea beautiful flounced dress, covered with a short apron overskirt, draped and caught up here and there in each a way as to form natural-looking puffs. This went around the entire body, and a little to the right was a pocket, rendered absolutely invisible by the drapery. When searched an incredible amount of articles ot all sorts, stolen from different Etores, were found in the under. skirt. A detective told me that a notorious shop lifter was once caught whs had in her "kick" two pieces of lace of 25 yards each, worth 29dol. a yard; two pairs of silk stock ings, one silk and one lace handkerchief, a piece of scented soap, and a Brumagem scarf pm ;orth 4S cents, all of which she had stolen in various stores in Sixth Arenue. And, strange to say, it was the cheapest of the articles which betrayed her-the cake of soap, valued at 1S cents. Anotherwascaught with 16 yards of silk, valued at 120 dollars, in her "kick." -r000 Evce ?.rx -ctr. Another clever device which was gotten up almost contemporaneously with the "kick" was the elastic Land box. It was made like a gentleman's hat box, of card board, the cover bi; held cloe to the box by two elastic bands in the interior of the box. The pur loiner would place the bandbox on a counter containing articles that had captured her fancy, e'pecially where there were few sales girls. She would call for certain cheap articles whi h would cause the salesgirl to turn her back to the purchaser. The shop lifter would then lift the cover of her box with one hand, throw in as many articles as she could take bhoL of, and by means of the ealstic tanls tic cover would be instantly and automatically close', leaving no trace of the robbery. This contrivance was so deceptive by reason of its innocent appearancs and raison d':re, so to speak, and worked so admirably that it was a b ng time before the detectives " anzht on," -an many thousand dollars' worth of articles were stolen by this means before an arres: was made. The first capture w?e cause by a salesgirl at a lace counter in a Twenty-third street store. She had not secn the shoplifter put anything into th! bandbox, but had been attracted by the singular manner in which the corer was closl--srparently of itself. She notified a floor walker. The woman was called into a private room, accused, and scarched, and in the bandbox were articles enough to start a miniature country fancy goods store. Amongst other things, she had 13 scarfs, an inkstand, a cizar-holder, and a dice-box, stolen from different stores, which showed that her tastes extended over a wide field. Well, the bandbox has had a brilliant but conmparative!ly brief career, and few arrests were caured hy its n'e, hut thoe that were made occured within a few days. and the workers of the contrivance saw that the game was up, and gave up tohe ghost. There is no recordof any having been oed recently. This was in time snureeded byr a simpler trick, one that has long been worked with success, bhca.e it creast no suspiicion. It is the satchel game. Although storo detec tires Esay it is comiparatively dormant just now, it was extesrivoly worked during the holidays, and will be in fall blast when the sprtng reuao opens. Thes are used for stealing pocketbooks as well as goods. They are, in appearance, like ordinary hand satchel, but ther oen and cdn? bh means of a sprin. The t'hiefs richt hanf prates a ,button, acnd the left, which is always un gloved, does the rest. It is by this means that pocket- books are often-et stolen in crowded 1ry gools stores, and this has sened to make trouble for many Isalesirls. The pickp:ket fur su:ch he or she i,' gener- ally works with a confederate. She tirst espies a woman with a pocketbook in her hand-and they are legion. She will follow that woman in the generally gratifite1 expec tation that she will ere lone depo-it it cn the counter where she stops to examine oeds. The thief wiUl crowd near and e?ssth the pocket:book in a twinkling at the first oppor tunitv and pass it to the confederate, who disappetrs and has not ben noticed near. The real thief can remain beside the victim with safety, as, should .she be arre.ted, nothing can be found on her. A short time ago one of the cleverestP satchel workers, well known at headlquanres as "The Madame," was caught in a Sixth avenue store with two Esto!ctn pocketbks. She droppedl them on the floor when accuse'. They were recovered, and as it was doubtful if a case could be made aainst her, she was let go. She came again s.ortly afterwarlds and stole a pocketbook containing ac lan"e amount of moner beloncing to the wife of a director of the Hudson River Pailroaad, who shrunk from the publicity a prosecution would have entailed, and " The .Madame" again escaped. She now gives the store a wide berth, however. A fine-looking blonde, known to the police as" Bir Gr.ce," and whose pi.ture adorns Inspect r Blyrnes ' ol!ection,in another clever satche! tend, whose clevernes and " swell" appearance lonar batsl the de'ectives. She had a pal (Maggie 1I- ), with whom cshe worked this game sucessfully for a long time until they both came to grief. As the best ineuonios are genera!r the sinlest, soare the latest and mot rnae:.-e?ful methcls of shopliftin'. There are three. One is done br means of the chak known as the Connemora. This is msn e somewhat like a irclar. it is a lon, loses cloak, ovrering even the hands. It en.ables the thief not only to steal with a greater degree of safety, but atso to conceal her booty. All she has to do is to ge: near a crowded counter, throw the edge of her cloak partly over the article she covets, her hand underneath the cloak, take t article, step back, and hold it in her hand. Unless he is caught in the act she cannot be arre-ted or even suspected. Another is stillsimnp!er. The thif lays her handkerchief carelessly on some small article she wants to steal, fei ns a desire to buy something eldo, iý not suited, and while the sales-grl replaces the goods on the shelf the thief picks up her booty with her handker chief. If she ebould happen to be caught, she naturally claims that she did not know she had the stolen article in her possession. The third one is worked by means of a handbag containing twine and wrapping paper. This bsh is carried in the left hand, and filled with whatever goods the shoplifter can secure. Then ehe will go into the toilet room, or someo ide vtriet, take out the goods, paper, and twine, wrap them up in a nest parcel, and try again or go away un. molested. Another recently-gotten-up scheme is being worked on stores which permit well-known coteomer to open accoont. A well-dreased and reined-!ooking young lady recently went into a Sith avenue store, saying that she was the daunhter of Mrs. - (I have the name, but will omit it). Mrs. - was a wealthy customer whom sae must have emn buy on credit, and noted the allres and name. The girl bought 5bdol. worth of silk, which she wanted to take with her. The salesman told her it was customary to rv-uire references or identifics tion from .arries unknown to them. Did she know any one in the neirhborhbcod who could identify her No. She had just come oaut of boarding- szhtol. The salesman con suited with the supoerintendent, and it was agreed to let her have the goods, when by' accident it was discovered that she had given two different addresses. Nothing daunted, she acknowledged her mistake, and ,aid the first address was tIr right one. How stupid of her! But she was unused to the city, and had another address in her mind. Becoming suspicious, the salesman said the rules of the etore would require him to send the goods. "Oh, very well. Perhaps it would be more satisfactory to yeou, come to think of it," she said, "andit wil suit me just as well, if I only get them by 7 o'clock this evening." The goods weresent to the sa es given. , The next day Mrs.- went to the store with the geds, saying she had not ordered them, and asked foranexplantion. Inves tigation revealed that "the girl just out of boarding school" hadp rasedmany other articles at other counters which she had taken with her. raE P~unny "r P awnEOIIE . But perhaps the cleverest of al shopifters' tricks is the "pennyweighter" game. Itia known but to few, and practised by a still smaller number, for it is a dificult one. It has been most successfuly worked byapretty little blonde with a baby face, blue eyes, curly hair, and the general appeara~ce of a bewitching soubrette. Herprofoosionalname is "Little Scotty." She came to grief in Boston, and was given three years. Her modeof workingisr to t o mellery toms .e ad ask to be shown loose diamonds on a tray. She pretendsto brery shortsighted, and beads over and very close, to the tray, examining the diamonds through an eye-glass. Sheexpoesher left han so as not to be suanspected, and at a propitious momentdrops a one-carat dismandinio the tray,and thertongue, on the point of wlch she has pulverised alum, she isa up a two-caat diamond. She cannot find the exacet counterpart of th oe ase wants to match (which she ha not with her) and goes into another store, where she exchanges her two-caratdiamond in a similar manner for a three-carat, and so on ad ingiite,. • When she was caught she had started with with a one-carat diamond and had reached sixanda half carants, making three or four hundred dollars in a few bhoa.. AS TO IEPlrAA.', Store detectives y that there are com paratively few n shoplifter in this city now, coane they are Muht disappear-a- soon as the awr never retrn. ey to othercitis. They say that supposedly respectable women now give them more troeule than thieves. It. qi mren more skill and di?criminati toha them, .lest they might secse ao.: innocetperon. They sont the theory ate leptom a? ad that not on woman in.: a thonnd wo stb sdoes o inadvertently. Physiologists, however, contenDithatthere . is such a thing as kleptomania, which they descrie as a species of mental derangement aoming nder the had of "volitional in sanity." it is, hey say, am ilraytoexes the will in acmordance writh the intellect. Although this thorywoula eem to be susteined by the fact that a y omen hare frequently been caught abopIfting, store detectives my that inquiries have re r?aled the fact that such women were not given the allowance of money by their hus bands that would enable them to dress swell as they wshed to be. A woman wascaught stealing a 19 cent. knife in a Fourteenth streetstoreone day, who wore 5,000doL or 6,000ol. worth of diamonds. But she turned out to be a professional thief. I found out, to my astonishmenmt, that there are comprtively frew of our large. stores who employ detectives, the majority of them training their ales-girls and oor walker to dothat wrtk. Still, I found one which, beaides hasing a man detective,also employed a wmman, who mixes among cuastamers in fall street costme. Not a store thievesr are caght, and those who are captured arme not always prosectlt. And thls entails a loss to each first-class store whichrunsup intothouands, and which?a a pece in the " profit and lss " account. 