TOLD AT THE FORD BY JOHN SILVESTER NOTTAGE, Author of "Dr. Delmont," " Little Mrs. Lightfoot," v'Our Camp at Mount Macedon," &c.; . -0-* PART I. HOW THE STORIES CAME TO BE TOLD. About thirty years ago the land fever raged among the inhabitants of that pleasant portion of Her Britannic Majesty's dominions known by the name of Tas mania. It affected all classes alike-the Anglican clergyman, the Non-conformist divine, lawyers, doctors, clerks, salesmen, artisans, and agriculturiate. The ac quisition of land seemed to these to be the great end of existence, and while a few who were fitted for the toils and privations of forest life found themselves just where they ought to be the majority of land selectors discovered w -., too late that they had mistaken their vocation. Among theselatter was my shool-fellow nd friend, Frank,Wycherley, and though the discov ery of his error cost him nothing more than the loss of a few hundreds, he was so .lisgusted with the results of that intimate ;acquaintance with nature for which he had pined when in London that he returned to his more artificial mode of existence, and has since become famous in the world of art. . It was a wet season; rain kept falling at short intervals, and the evenings were chilly though the 23rd of December had arrived. I. was sitting "beside my lonely fire," and growing more melancholy as the night advanced and the solitude and silence lIecame oppresive,when my trusty retriever uttered a note of warning, and in a mo ment or two a knock at my cottage door startled me. I opened it, and found my nearest neighbour standing there with a packet of papers and letters in his hand in those far off days we had no mail or post-office; our only chance of com municating with more favoured local ities bdiog the kindly voluntary oarr~gso of missives by some one of the scattered selectors who had farms within a mile or two of each other. Resist ing my pressing invitation to come in and refresh himself with such wholesome and homely fare as was to be found in bush houses under similar circumstances, my friend wished me good - night, and I returned to my fireside and my candle. The papers were stale, having been lying at the post-office of the nearest township for several days, so leaving them to a more convenient eeson, I ran my eye over the addresses of the letters. All were business epistles but one, and that one astonished me not a little, for it revealed the fact that in a not very distant part of fair Tasmania, I should, if I accepted the in vitation, find my old friend Frank. What strange concurrence of circumstances had brought us to the same colony and the same mode of life I could only conjecture, but he was here and longing to lenew our lbnyih friendship ai his letter showed. lThus ran the missive: 'Dear Jack.-I now take no my pen to writo you a tew lines hoping thi will find you in good health as It leaves me.' This was the iIhIdox commencement of our lotters when we we e boys toee'her in the fer-off misty prst wnen we sanistisd boyish napetites with blaak berries or hip, and hnws-when we bolstered Dormitory No. 2, and defeated it, the only .aealtiei on our sides being a ' busted' bolater. .Ah JAr,k. 'them was day I ' Better days I han wl have had since, weve tlhy not? Though they might have heer' made better but for nau's ' cousedness.' But you, my dear old friendm-nti mere than Iriend-have more rcnl Plon than I to loik back regretfully at thkse ittle j iys and sorrows which were :so ve? welsl.y to ns. After years of wandoeing. ,mr the fees of the habitable (and indeed orouetlmesa uninhabitable globe-at least ;.. ·.?,. · ·- · . : , ,'? · · . ,,,. .' . the parts I allude to osghtn't to hoe habitable) I found myself, minues goar dinar, at the old home of my friend Jack. Alas I A stranger ope'd the door-a stranger who didn't know and didn't care what had become of you. I sought information In the city and there found that yen had emigrated. Emigrated I Good heavens I You old bookworm that you used to be-you, who had the biography of every celebrated lawyer at your tongue's end, and who kept a gallery of portraits of forensic celebrities in your portmantean-you to emigrate-to chop down trees and drive bullocks-to ride, and plough and sow, reap and mow I I can't realize it, old follow:; at least I couldn't at the time, but I can approach to a realization of the metamorphoels alone I came to Van Die.lo mews Land (I beg " her pardon-to fair Tasmania). Yes-here I am at the Ford Farm-a location where I am from the busy world retired-where the 'possms chatter Instead of the girls-where the river murmurs instead of man-where the woods make better melody than your fiddle and old T.t? Evans's violincello used to make at Bur wash House. But why am I writing, you very naturally ask I Well, first and foremost because I have only jest discovered that my friend Jack is in 'he same portion of her Mlesty's dominions as myself ; secondly, because I long to renew the intimacy which was a source of so much joy in the past; thirdly, because I intend to olve my new house a warming, and I should like above all things to have you at 'the festive board ;' fourthly, because from my own expeience I feel quite confident .hat you have had enough of solitude, and a akange will do you as muooh good as it will me. Come then, old fellow, and.let me see if you are made of the right stuff-if you hare borne disappointment and misfortune like a man, if you are still the hopeful, genial, jolly chap you used to be. I must Inform you that my land is situated on the banks of a river that rises somewhere in the centre of this pleasant island ; that the said land has been chosen more with a view to pleasure than profit: that there is pretty good fshing, and that taking all hbings into consideration I feel satisfied for he present. But, oh! mine friends what is lie withoutlove? Without frlendabip-with. out society? Therefore come, for all thing. sre ready. We have plucked the fattened coose and (literally) killed the fatted calf, the roast beaf of old Eng'and not being pro. curable. Shall I toll you how it came to paso that we killed the critter? Yes-for it is an incident in my colonial experience that is in delibly imprinted on my memory. You know. I'd fellow, that I am of a confiding dispo-ition -that I believe all men and women to be honest until I find them rqgues; so when about six weeks ago, just as ' the beams of Aurora illumined the orient borizon,' as Doubleup. the clown, used to say, and an indi. vidual with the outward semblance of a gentle nan rode up to my 'humble cot' and blandly Inquired 'if he had bovn correctly informed that I wanted a cow?' I answered affirmatively. . I have one to sell,' said Mr Gascoyne Whyp. Ptyok. ' that will suit you admirably.' 'Is she uiet?' I asked. ' As a lamb,' he replied. 'Near calving?' 'Just calved.' Good milker ?' ' Not a bettor on the river.' I thought this last reply rather ambiguous. I had asked the questions preceding in the same order that my factotum Bob had put them to another obliging individual who had a cow to sell, with eut very clear ideas as to what constitutel q uietness and good- milking; but Mr Whyp. ety?k's answer that there was not a bettor milker on the river ' rather disconcerted me. I was under the impression that cows free \- qunted meadows and places where grass grows, but perhaps Tasmanian cows differed in I their habits. I was not going to show my r ignorance, however, so I told him to bring the cow the next day, and Mr Gascoigne departed. The next morning he was at my home accom i panied by a: slip of the Whypetyck stock. both being mounted on horses that Resa 1 Booheur would have gone a hundred miles to see. In advance of them was a dark a red cow of a peculiarly milde xpression r and a calf of rather more animated countenance. The two were placed in the yard, I and we, that is, Mr Whypltyok, his sen; and Smyself, went inside. We hiad eome lunch. I paid the priceo agreed upon. Mr Whypetyok departed. Bob came from the bush at the rear of our elearance about half an hour afterwards. I bade him go and look at my purchase and give me his opinion of her. Bob went. I did not like the expression of his face when he came in, bhut asked in as indif ferent a tone as I conuld command, ?What do you think of her, Bob?' She's a beauty, sir, bot'-and Bob shook his bend. The gesture was significant but not agreeable. ' But what, Bob.' ' She's like most female beauties, sir, a tr ror, I can tell you.' 'A terror, Bob; what do you mean ' ' Well, you'll see when we try to take the call away.' • ' Oh I you think she'll he rusty. She doesn't look wild, now does she? And Whypetyck assured me she is quiet as a lamb.' ' Gascoigne Whypatyok said so. Oh I oh ! oh Well, If he said she was quiet, I know what we've got for your money. I dropped the discuaslon of Dolly's merits or demerits, end rather anxiously awaited the separation of Dolly and her offspring. By recollection of ,no events that followed is confused. I re." ember going with Bob to the yard, and then-wall, I hardly know what then. I bave a dim resolleotion of receiving the calf at the hands of Bob, of hearing an angry bellow, the thud of hoofs, of receiving a shook, of losing my hold of the calf, of seeing Bob turn a somersault and come down on his hands and knees beside me, and through a cloud of dust two red an'mnla tearing madly down to the river. ' Enough I' as the poets say. The contest was renewed day after day with varying successes, but generally on the part of Dolly, and at length growing weary of aeonflot in which there was no profit and no glory we held a council of war. 'Look you here, air.' said Bob, laying his right forefinger impressively on the palm of his left hand. 'look you here. Let her have the calf-let her snuckle it-and by Obristmas it'll be beautiful meat, beautiful. Then, sir, then we'll take it from her.' Bob's countenance grew positively malevolent as he pictured the slain jurvenle and the dia. comflture of Dolly. I acquiesced, and by the time this reohbes you I intend to gratify myself with an Inspection of the earease of the fatted oalf.,But this is not all, dear Jack. Some years after I opened my baby eyes upon this terrestrial scene, my dear father avowed his intention of putting down "a nase or two of wine he had ro. ceivedfron'historioRheims,whichwas not to be brought to light until I reached my majority. Poor man! He only lived to see me become the torment of his maiden sisters and a nuisance to the household generally. but hie desires In this and all other particulars have been faithfully regarded, so that I was not surprised at receiving a memo. from:'a Launceston firm to the effect that" a case of goods had arrived consigned to me. So again I say, come--oat of my goose and my fatted calf (never mind the Incongruity, if it is an incongruity), and daink of the pure juice of the grape, and we will be merry, and talk of the days that wore, and that were so much better than the days that are-and you will find that though bronzed and bearded, and very difforent in many respects to the Frank of six years ago, I am still faithfully yours, \- FRANK WoCHERLEy. I lost no time in making such prepar ations as were necessary for my journey to the Ford Farm, but the roads or rather tracks which led there were in a dreadful state from the incessant rains. I do not remember having experienced a wetter sea son than that of 185-, and I was not at all surprised to find the river too high to be safely fordable. Fortunately my friend's farm was located on the side of the river on which I was riding. Had it been on the opposite side we should have had to com municate with each other by signals un less Frank had a boat which I deemed improbable. As I rode slowly along, my Sbhorse slipping and plunging through bogs and rivulets in a manner which made me wish that the Ford Farm was more easily accessible. I became aware of the neigh bourhood of some other denizen of the forest by the sudden stopping of Jess, who raised her head, pricked her ears, and anorted suspiciously. In another moment the bushes were parted, and gun in hand stepped forth a tall, bronzed, and bearded man, who raising his soft felt hat, inquired s if I was on.my way to Frank Wycherley's place ? I answered, of course, affirm atively. He took off his hat, pushed his curling hair off, his forehead, and ad vancing stretched forth his arm. Ilooked hard at him but, the alteration was so great that I did not recognise him, and so,unoon. ecionsly di J t' tat ;8' Ith rti?ithaeithtf ' A I Jack, and am I then en changed that you don't know me?' he exclaimed in mock pathetic accents The next minute I was off my horse and shaking Frank's hand as warmly as he shook mine, and so leading Jess we walked side by side to his house, which agreeably to my surprise was close at hand. The features of any new clearance in Tasmania's forests are so much like the features of other clearances in other parts that I shall not waste my reader's time in describing these of the Ford Farm, the probability being that the said readers would skip the description. The house was roomy, cheerfully situated, and gave abundant evidence of the artistic pro clivities of its owner. ' You have a nice location hero Frank, I observed, after I had glanced around the room and then out of the window at the prospect. The river wound roundthe base of a range of darkly wooded hills, its banks being lined with the beautiful blackwoodse, wattles;and other trees of rich foliage, which did much to efface the unpleasant effect produced by distorted gum trees, dead and alive, that were visible over many acres of partially cleared land in the back ground. ' Yes, but tell me on which your eye rests, the withered eucalypti or the beauteous blaokwoods ' ' Oh I the eucalypti, of course.' SExactly, the same with me. It's hor ribly perverse, but I can't help it-I must see the ugly instead of aporeciating the beautiful. What a pity 'tis we can't upsoot or blot out or otherwise get rid of all that offends the sense of the beautiful"' ' Let us be content with as much of it as we have or can get, Frank; and not sigh for the impossible.' ' Sound philosophy, and spoken like my friend Jack. Bob, bring me a corkscrew. Bob hastened to obey, not without a visible radiance of countenance at the prospect of a. Christmas glass. ' Now,' continued Frank, ' this is one of the beatiti ful things we have. What is niore grace ful in form than a champagne bottle ? What is more calculated to bring out the mirth of a dull Englishman than a glass or two of the sparkling vintage of 1844 ? ' We drank to each other's health, pros perity and happiness, and as we did so a distant rumble of thunder was heard. ' If this is a sample of sunny Tasmania,' said Frank, 'I reckon that she hias obtained her character under false pro tences. Here we are at Christmas with swollen rivers, drowned paddocks, and dull skies. But wasn't that a cooey P ' We listened attentively for a moment, and the bush cry was repeated. Some brother unfortunate who wants to get over the river. I'M have to get a boat in the interests of humanity. It would have the additional merit of disinterestedness, for it would deprive me of many a pleasant com panion for a night or two. When they can't get over the ford they come to me with limble petition for a night's lodging. I am a bad actor, and have great difficulty in concealing my inward satisfaction at the relief from the monotony of bush existence and Bob's company.' Frank went to the front door and as he opened it the cry was repeated. ' By Jove t' exclaimed my friend, 'There's something wrong-that is a cry of distress. Surely no one has been foolhardy enough to attempt the ford. Come, let us see what has happened.' We hastened to the ford and found that a couple of young fellows, evidently like ourselves, new chums, had tried to cross the river, with the result that o^r" of them was lying ur conscious on the gen' ly sloping bank, and the other saturated bi sensible was chaling his hands a .1 doing what seemed best to him to, tore the suspended animation of his comli: don. It was not the time for inquiries, so we rendered all the assistance in our power, and were soon gratified by the partial recovery of the sufferer, Frank suggested that he should be carried to his house, and I we raised him up and laid him on the door of a disused hut that we had wrenched from its post, and carried him quickly to Frank's room, where, having piled the bla kets over him, we soon restored the `, , ,··~ · ,,:.: ,, , , , His companion having by this time. recovered his equanimity, which had been somewhat upset by the excitement of the rescue and the danger of his friend, volunteered the explanation of how the accident happened. It seemed that they had crossed the river from the far side! about a week previuusly-that on their. return, though they observed the water to be higher, they had been deceived by the ! fact.thbat the bed of the river sloped so gradually on this side that the boulders' were distinctly visible-and that when they reached the deep portion of the ford his friend's horse had stepped on a rolling stone and fell, thrusting his rider under the water in his violent efforts to recover himself. He gave their names as Frederick Ormond and Hugh Maolaren,, and we were soon in the full swing of con versation upon such topics as comparatively new arrivals in the colonies felt to be the most Interesting. Ormond, who had so narrowly escaped drowning, however, kept silent, and seemed to be following a train of sorrowful or at least of serious thought, until Hugh Maclaren suddenly stopped in the middle of an animated description of an adventure on Bendigo, and looked earnestly at his friend for a ,moent or two with a somewhat anxious expression on his frank and ruddy countenance. Then he stopped to the side of the couch on which Ormond was lying and whispered a word or two in his ear. Ormond's face relaxed into a smile. ' Mr Wycherley,' he said, ' kindly take no notice of me. I am not myself to-day. The immersion was somewhat of a shock, but it does not affect me now. If you can allow me to get into bed in any quiet corner of your house I shall feel better, be ause I am and shallbe for the rest of the day a veritable wet blanket for all of you.' ' Certainly,' replied Frank, 'it was thoughtless of me to have you brought in. here; but I hate solitude myself, and forgot that others might like it, particu larly :when .they have been like you a' little nearer to the spirit world than we are generally.' Ormond's face grew grave at the con elusion of Frank's reply, and he tollowed Frank into the bedroom. Wychorley came back to the parlour a few moments afterwards, and w, recom menced the conversation which was pro longed until a late hour, varied by a little singing and enlivened by a very moderate attention to the champagne. Then we parted for the nigh', and I slept the dreamless sle, p of youth, esaltn, and absence of care. Morning broke dull and showerythough the sun made gallant efforts to disperse the dense mists that hung about the ford. Our newly found friends were up shortly after ourselves, and there was a marked improvement in the outer man of Ormond. The day wore on rapidly-we dined rumbled about the ricer banks until even ing-had a cheerful cup of tea at sunset, and then drew our ceats round the fire; not that it was cold, bur. ;hut i+ras moist and cheerless, and a bright fit: such as only dry dogwood can produce gave the room a look of the homes across the sea in that d ar land of our birth which some of us had left, alas! for ever. But how to pass the long hours before bed-time ? That was the question. Frank was a good conversationalist, but for one to do all the taking, talk he never so wisely is apt to become wearisome; and I felt a little relief when Ormond suddenly asked, ' What are your opinions on super natural matters? I do not mean this vulgar table turning and chair rapping that some of my acquaintances are invest-' ing with so much importance, but on manifestations of interest in our earthly affairs by those who have left the b terrestrial for the spiritual.' "Hugh Maclaren frowned slightly. 'Fred has broken through the reserve of ice in' I which he generally lives and moves and I has his beinr. When he introduces lhlis I friends the ghosts, you may depend upon it' rsomething has thawed him. It must be' I your hospitality in the present case." 'He couldn't have introduced a more snaspiriting subject,' said Wycherley, with' a 5 twinkle of his greyey e. ..''''I' e Ormond smiled gravely. 'I am very earnestly desirous to find out whether others have had experiences such as I will relate if you will only favour me by listening.' ; 'Favour yove by listening.' exclaimed Frank. ' Ishould rather say that we are the favoured. For my own part I feel grateful to you for suggesting story telling as a diversion; though I must honestly tell you that I cannot make an adequate return as 1 never was personally acquainted with a ghost. The nearest approach to knowledge of these mysterious beings that I have gained as the confi dential communication of a very intimate friend.' ' Reliable, do you think or otherwise ?' 'Oh, thoroughly reliable! Not a weak spot in either intellect or morale. le wouldn't tell a lie to save his neck, and as to brain power I wish I had his.' ' And you will relate what he told you ?' SCertainly I will: The narratives were not given with an injunction to secrecy. S'Then I will or cn the ball by relating the circumstances attending the death of my aunt, Mrs M'Intyre, and the events which led me to seek for a home in Tae mania. I will call the narrative 