The Arrival of the Bishop. STHE INSTALLATION CEREMONY. TRa Right Rev. Dr. George Henry Stanton was installed Bishop of Nowcastle in the Pro.Cathedral yesterday morning. The 'Primate, accompanied by the Rev. Dr. Cor. lette, Rev. A. C. Corletto, S. S. Tovey, H. Plume, J. Chaffers-Weleh, C. T. 1ackville West, and Hi. J. Jachokson, arrived at 5 o'clock in the morning, by the steamer from Sydney, and was met by the Rev. Canon Selwyn, Mr. R. B. Wallace and others It is the firet visit of the Metropolitan to this district, and it is to be hoped that he will see his way clear to visit the diocese at close intervals in the future. At half-past 10 o'clock in the morning the clergy of the diocese, who w,.re present in large numbers, assembled in the schoolroom, and having robed, they pro ceeded into the Pro-Cathedral, which, not. withstanding the drizzliog rain, was fairly filled with people. There were members of the laity and clergy present from the most remote parts of the diocese, and the greatest interest was taken in the proceedings. The clergy walked in procession round the church, the choir leading the way, deacons, priests, and canons following in the order named. The Bishop-elect, followed by the Rev. W. T. Regg, his chaplain, the Reov. Chaffes Welsh, with the Primate's crozier or Bishop's staff; in his hand, came next, the Primate bringing up the roar. During the procession, the choir and congregation sang "Onward, Christian Soldiers," and at the conclusion, the Primate toot his chaie in the north side of the holy temple, and the Bishop elect in the south side. The 75th, 121st and 122nd Psalms were sung, and the Rev. 8\. C. J. Grime said Morning Prayer. The Rev. S. Simm read the first lesson, which wasee taken from Isaiah vi. verse 8. The To Deum was then sung, and the second lesson, John xv. verse 11, was read by the Rev. B3. E. Shaw. After the third collect, the choir sang the hymn commencing " O, God, ourholp in ages past." At the conclusion of the hymn, the Metropolitan delivered his mandate for the installation of Dr. G. 'H. Stanton as Bishop of the diocese, to the Rev. Canon Selwyn, who came before the elta??, and read the document, the congregation all standing. The rev. Canon then inducted the Bishop, using the following words --" In the name of God. Amen. By virtue of a mandate, under the hand and seal of the Right Rever end Father in God, William Saumarez, by Divine permission, Bishop of Sydney and Metroafolitan, and in conformity with the usage of the Church of England, I, Arthur Edward Selwyn, Incumbent and Canon of this Cathedral Church, do hereby induct thee, George Henry Stanton, Doc' r of Divinity, into the occupation of the See and Diocese of Newcastle, and do instal thee in corporal, lawful, and canonical possession of the same by the style and title of Bishop of Newcastle, this twelfth day of May, 1891." The Revay. Canon then said: "O Lord, save Thy servant, the Bishop of this dio cese," and the congregation answered, "And send him help from Thy holy place." He then delivered the following prayer: " Al .mighty God, giver of all things, Who, by Thy Holy Spirit, hast appointed divers Orders of Ministers in Thy Church; merci fully behold this, Thy servant, now called to the work and ministry of Bishop of this dio cese; and replenish him so with the truth of Thy doctrine, and adorn him with innocency of life, that both by word and deed he may faithfully serve Thee in this office, to the Sglory of Thy name, and the edifying and well governing of Thy church; through the merits of our Saviour Jesus Christ, Who liveth and reigneth with Thee and the Holy Ghost, world without end." The Rev. Canon then seated the Bishop on the south, or rather the west, as the building is not really a cathedral, being erected north and south, and not possessing a throne. The following prayer was delivered by the Primate:-" The Lord bless thee and keep thee. The Lord make His face to shine upon Sthee and be gracious unto thee. The Lord jift up the light of His countenance upon thee and give thee peace both now and ever more." The choir sang 179th hymn, commencing "To the Name of our balvation," after which the Rev. Canon White read from the Sfirst epistle of Timothy, 3rd chapter, verses 1 to 8. The Gospel, which was taken from the .lst chapter of St. John, verses 15 to 18, was read by Canon oSelwyn. The Primate then conducted the Communion service, after which an offertory was taken for the general fund of the diocese. The synod was then commenced in the school room. 