HOW A GOOD SHIP WAS LOST. Ou the ni«ht of October 17th, 1842, the good ship' Mnry Conipton,' of Bristol, Eim land, was struggling with a foarful gale off the coast of North Ar^jgam^timilltu-thvii^^ ! Htfl? - ' 'hrcf 'Tn'i rr r li t li r r was clear, and tun uaptain expected every moment, ro gei sip-ui of the lighthouse on the Iron Rock Shoals. This lighthouse marked the entrance to the harbour. Once there, nn-° they were safe. Sure of his position, lio sailed on confidently Five minutes later the ship struck with a fearful shock and went to pieces. Four men, including1 the Captain, were saved. On reaching the shore they fnuud a strange th'ng had happened. An enemy of the lighthouse keeper had hound him hand and foot and ex tinguished the lie-lit. Souls, as well as ships, steer by ilie lights, llopo is the most important lighthouse in the world. What shall be said of the nmn who darkens it in tho loco of a storm-tossed spirit. '' Yon mr beyond human aid.' These words were naiil by a physicinn to a woman who had come to consult him. Admitting that he thought an, had he the right to say so? No; for be might bo wrong — und in any case he had do business to put out the light. This woman had been ill for some time. In June 1889 she wns greatly alarmed by her symptoms. Her heart palpitated, and she was so friddy she could scarcely stand. Her head whirled ' ami,' she snid,''all ob jects seemed t«- tfo into n cloud.' feho had to hold herself' up or sit down for fear of falling. She broke out in a sweat although cold us death. A dreadful cough racksd her frame ho that bpg could not lie clown in bed and sleep. 'I could scarcely crawl about tho house,' she says, ' 1 wan so weak. I tried different remedies and without avail. I went to the UispcuBury at New liriggato iiud asked the doctor to tell me the worst. His nuswer was, ' I havu mixed 'you some medicine ; you can take it or leave 'it. I took it for three weeks, then guvo up iu despair. ' I talked with two other physicians. The last one said, ' You arc past liu'mim aid.' .' My heart sank within me, for I had five litth1 children, and my death would luuve them without u uioiher's love and care. 1 went houiu and cried till I wns sick I hud no appetite niul bad lost flesh until I vum as thin us a ghost', my mother camu to see mo and did not know me. My skin was of u green and yellow colour, uud wheu I nte anything it seems to stick to my throat. About this time 1' commenced vomiting, nud what 1 threw up was tinged with blood. Once 1 begau to vomit at nine o'clock on a Saturday morning and scarcely got rest from it until Monday morning. 'At this time I remombored that Mrs Wil son, with whom 1 formerly worked in Cow ford's Mill, in east Street, Leeds (where I lived), had been cuied by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. So I sent to Mr Jesson's the chemist, in Great Garden Street, and got a bottle. A few doses stopped the vomiting' aud by degrees from day to day I felt better, soon I could eat a dr) crust, and by tho time I had finished the second bottle I had got over ell my ond symptoms, and was fast getting my strength back. I am now (April, 1890), in 'better health than ever before in my life. ' I should have taken Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup sooner, but my husband was out of work and we had a trifle coming in from his club, but I thank God I did get it aulast, and it cured in p, bad ofi' ns I was. All my friends and neighbours know the facts I have related, and I will reply to any letters of enquiry ' (Signed), Mrs Anil Mills, -10, Bread Street, York Road, Leeds. This was a case of indigestion aud ilye popsiu, with symptoms showing how far it. had iiflectiul tho nervous system. A few months, or possibly weeks more, aud Mrs. Mills would havn hnd no tale to tell. Sho did wrong to wait emu hour. lor any reason, after having known what Mother Seijrel's Curative Syrup hiiii doue for her friend Mrs. Wilson. 