the indian war. DESPERATE FIGHT WITH HOSTILE REDSKINS. New York, January 8.— According to recent official reports, about 11,000 male Indians are involved in the rising at Pine Ridge, of whom aboat 6000 are adnlts on the Sioox reservation. Originally the land comprising the reservation Btretched from the Missouri River, on the east to the Black-hills on the west, and from Nebraska on the eonth almost to the town of Bismarck in North Dakota on the north. There were 22,010,043a. in the tract. Of this territory 11,000,000a. were last year opened for settlement. At the time of signing the agree ment for the purpose there was much opposi tion thereto manifested by some of the Indians, and the foundation for much of the present trouble may be traced to occurrences then. On December 29 Big Foot's band was dis covered eight miles from Major Whiteside's camp on the Wounded Knee. As the military approached the hostiles formed in long line of battle. As they came forward Big Foot extended his hand in token of peace. " I am aick. My people here want peace and — " Major Whiteside cut him Bhort with "I don't wanti nor will I have any parleying at all. It is either an nnconditional surrender or fight. What ia your answer ?" " We surrender," said the chief, " we wonld have so before; but we coald not find yon and conld not find any soldiers to whom to surrender." In less time than it takes to write it the military hud their prisoners surrounded and a courier was hastened into Pine Ridge Agency for other fonr troops of the 7 th Cavalry and Lieutenant Taylor's scontB to help guard and disarm the party. There were 160 warriors all perfectly armed and 260 sqnawB together with many children. Major IT biteslde bad 260 soldiers. Ab this task was about completed the Indians, sarronnded by Companies K aod B, began tcs mora, and all of a sudden they threw their blankets to the ground, whipped up their riflea and began firing rapidly at the troops, not 20ft. away. Tha troops were at a great disadvan tage, fearing to ahoot for fear of injuring their own comrades. The Indians— men, women 'and children— then ran to the south, the battery firing rapidly as they ran. Soon the monnted troops were after them, Bliooting them down on every band. The engagement lasted fully an hour and a-half. To the south many took refuge in a ravine, from which it was difficult to, dislodge them. The killed and wounded amongst the Indians were estimuted at 800, the soldiers shooting them down wherever found. The field wus one of great cdnfuiiou. Horses were running in every direction and the men for a few moments were frantic owing to the unfortunate way the; were placed. Captain Wallace, of K troop, was the only officer killed. In the first mad rash of Indians those of them who had not guns attacked the troopers with knives, clnbs and tomahawks, and Captain Wallace was struck down with a blow, from a hatchet on the head. Father Craft, the Catholic missionary, received a ballet woand, which will probably result fatally. Lientenant GaVlington,' of Arctic exploration fame, received a sferions wound in the arm. A number of non commissioned officers and privates were wounded, probably 25 or 30 in all. Several of these were likely to die. When the news ot this fight reached tha agency at Pine Ridge pandemoninm broke loose among the 6000 Indians gathered there and a large number of them broke away. Some of (ho friendly Indinns, Including Clond, joined the army forces under General Brooke. At sundown fighting had begun within three miles of tbe agency buildings and a determined effort was being made by tho reds to reach and burn the agency. A village belonging to friendly Indiaus in plain sight of the agency was seen to go up In flames just before dark. Rushville wus crowded with settlers, tbe churches and all public baits were thrown open and no effort was spared to make the refugees comfortable. Chicauo, JnDuary 4.— Last night was one of feverish excitement at tbe agency. For tbe first time the squnw-tnen and half-breeds were alarmed and remained np all nigbt, fearing an attack before morning. The agency, however, is too weil guarded to permit any very large force to approach very close without discovery. General Miles has sent a letter to the hostiles asking for a bearing. Tbe Indians tore the letter to fragments und said " We want no treaty, we are here to fight." The Indians in tbe bostile camp number over 4000 men, women and children, and represent every agency in the two Dakotas. . Dexter, January 4. — The army of Indians now snrrounded by General Miles' soldiers oa the White Clay creek nnmber over 4000 men, women and children. Most of them are from tho upper Dakota reservations. Hundreds of the crowd are crazed with ghost dancing and will fight as Big Foot's men fought. Shots were fired by pickets at nearly every house last night, baoishlng sleep from all eyes. Fire arrows were thrown into the agency about midnight from a ravine near by, bat fortu nately fell harmless. Half-breeds and squaw- men are leaving for tbe railroad, saying they know what is coming and don't propose to remain. This war will not be ended except by one of the bloodiest battles in tho history of Indian warfare. 