BYEROCK. (From a correspondent.) The coming election to con.e off on Friday next, is the all-absorbing topic of discussion and specula- tion. This, as you are aware, is a part of the Bourke electorate, and returns three members to Parliament ; and, during the last Parliament, was represented by Messrs. Willis, Waddell, and Davis. Six candidates are, however, now defi- nitely in the field, including two labour represent- atives, and an out-and-out Ministerialist and free- trader, in the person of Mr. Millen of the Western Advocate, Bourke. It is impossible, of course, to forecast the issue of the contest with any approach to certitude, but the signs of the times Beem to point to the return of Messrs. Willis, Waddell, and Millen. A local candidate, Mr. A. J. O'Grady, a publican .and contractor, is stumping the district with a con- siderable amount of assurance, but he does not stand a ghost of a chance in competition with Mr. Millen, who, in addition to being a well-known local man, is clearly a personage of mark and of genuine ability. The labour candidates are bound to catch the working man's vote to some extent, but they labour under the disadvantage of being strangers to the district, and the working man is not nearly so formidable in country electorates as he is in the larger towns and cities. The bush labourer ÍB not commonly skilled as a politician, and is, gene- rally speaking, supremely indifferent to his duties and responsibilities in relation to the ballot box. His habitual remark about the matter ÍB that it is much of a muchness who gets in or who gets out of Parliament. What good, says he, do any of the members do ? He does not say members, but some- thing stronger. Byerock is getting an unenviable notoriety just now for petty larcenies, burglaries, and robberies from the person. Truth is, the city " pushes" have now, almost everywhere, their hardly less formid- able counterparts in the country districts, and the police ure utterly powerless to" cope with them. Something, however, must be done, and done promptly, by the streng arm of the law to stamp out these disgusting human vermin, or life will simply not be worth living by any one who sports a new hat, wears a good watch and chain, and carries a little ready money in his pocket. Only the other night, a young townsman left his quarters in one of the leading stores to pay a visit to a travelling circus, and when he returned he found that he had been eased of hard cash to the amount of ¿88. One thing is very certain in regard to this and similar affairs : suspicious looking characters must be more closely watched : the provisions of the Vagrant Act must be looked into by the police j persons without " visible lawful means of support" must be com- pelled to give an account of themselves, and every skulking ne'er-do-well, whose looks would bang him, should find that he has not the full benefit of habeas corpus until he gives conclusive evidence of respectable citizenship. Great complaints are being made iust now about the omissions in electoral rolls, and, no doubt through some clerical oversight, many a free and independent elector will find himself practically disfranchised during the present election. It is customary for the police to fill in these electoral lists ; but, unfortunately, it is not customary for the electoral bush public to see that the police do their duty in this respect, and make no mistake. Hine Mae laehrymae ! The weather during the past week has fully vindicated its proverbial character of uncertainty. In fact, there has been every kind of weather. At the beginning of the week there was a continuous soaking downpour ; then followed a day or two of bitter piercing cold j next there came two or three days of most melancholy, sunless weather; winding up on Sunday, the 28th ultimo, with a thunder- storm, accompanied by hail and pelting rain. Byerock, 29th June, 1891. 