DRAMATIC AND MUSICAL NOTES. (By TOUCIOwrNE.) OLD LAUNCESTON PLA YBILLS. No. 108. THEATRE ROYAL. Lessee ... .... . Mr J. R. Greville GREAT BILL FOR THE CHAMPION \----....RACE NIGHT TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 14,1865. The curtain will rise at 8 o'clock on the comic drama in two acts TILE JACOBITE. John Duck ... .... ... Mr Greville Jockey Hornpipe in the winning colours by MR OLIVER DEERING. Grand presentation of a silver mounted riding whip to the winner of the champion race. The latest London extravaganza for the first time in Launceston (by Henry J. Byron, Esq. CINDERELLA THE LOVEnTHE LACQUEYANb T'io LITTLE GLAss SLIPPER. Clorinda (a gushing creature) Mr Groville Cinderella ...... Mrs J. R. Greville Prince Pretty Pet ... Mr Richard Roberts Dandini ... ... ...Mr Musgrave Aledora ... ... ... Mr H. Chapman The Baron ... ... Mr I. F. Keogh Buttoni ... ... Mr Joseph Chambers Thisbe .... ... ... Mrs Chapman The Fairy Queen ... ... Miss Hill Hairbell ... ... ... ...Miss Allen Concluding with the magnificent last scene from the pantomime of JACK THE GIANT BILLER. No advance in prides. B. H NATHAN, Acting Manager.. The Marian Willis Dramatic Company are still at the Bijou. A benefit was tendered to Harry Simmons, once well known as a theatrical manager in Aue. tralia, by the company on Wednesday evening. Grattan Riggs is at present having a holiday in the north, and has been indulg ing in shooting parties at Kelvin Grove. Gordon Gooch of Melbourne, sang the music of the part of . Elijah' in the oratorio of that namel at the Albert Hall on Thursday evening. Major Dane gave his lecture on 'Chinese Gordon' at the Mechanics' Institute on Tuesday evening. Thefollowing attractions are announced at the leading Melbourne and Sydney Theatres :- Melbourne: Royal, ''The Dancing Girl;' Princess, London Gaiety Company; Bijou, 'Peril;' Opera House, 'The Country Fair.' Sydney : Royal, Sarah Bern hardtand Company; Her Majesty's,John L. Sullivan and Company, ' Honest hearts and Willing Hands;' Criterion, ' Dr Bill;' Garrick,I "lho Profligate.' J... Emmett, ' Fritz,' is dead, A piece written by a Mr Eden Greville, and played for the benefit of a London charity, should not, at all events, fail through want of an imposing name. It is called' Shakapeare.' 'dise author has the courage not only to choose for his hero and heroine the poet and his fisecc Anne Hathaway, but to introduce quite a host of distinguished contemporaries. There are John Shakspeare (the poet's father), Mary Shakspeare (his mother), and Tom Green, Ben Joneon,Gabriel Spencer, and Hemynge (his comrades). Besides these, represen. tativea had to be found for Spencer, the poet; Sir Walter Esleigh, the Earl of Leicester, Lord Southampton, Sir Thomas Lacy, Elizabeth Throgmorton, and flually Queen Elizabeth herself. A one act blank verse play entitled ' The Miser,' was recently given in London at the benefit of Mr Wilson Barrett. It was a weird and gloomy phantasy, but was remarkable for a fine death scene, which was strikingly represented by Mr Barrett. The miser is supposed to be visited in turn by a tempting siren, by Satan, who scoffs at his treasured wealth, and finally by Death, who claims him as his own. Mr Robert Browning's translation of a fugue into poetry is amusing. 'First you deliver your phrase; Nothing profound that I see; Fit in itself for much blame or much praise, Answered no lees, where no answer need be; Off start the two on their ways. * Straight must athird interpose, Volunteer needlessly help: In strikes a fourth, a fifth thrusts in is his nose; So the cry's open, the kennel's a-yelp, Arguments hot to the close. ' One dissertates, he is candid; Two must diecept-has distinguished Three helps the couple if ever man did, Four protests; five makes a dart at the thing wished; Back to one goes the case bandied. One says his say with a difference; More of expounding explaining ! All now is wrangle, abuse, and vocificer ance; Now there's a truce, all's subdued, self. restraining; Five though, stand out all the stiffer hence. Though some of the phrases in this do soription of fugal composition seem a little stilted and far-fetched, yet the general correctness of the description will easily be reconised. Miss Terry in her ' Stray Memories' in the 'New Review' authoritatively dis poses of a pretty little story ahoet M~r Irving being ' so struck with her acting,' 'one very foggy night when soc was playing with him at the now defunct Queen's Theatre in Long Acrs, that he promised that ' if ever be had a theatrs of his own he would give her an engagement,' Many, we fear, will grieve to learn on such unex ceptional authority that this story is 'all mososbine. As a matter of fact, Hiss Terry tells us; ' I was just then acting very badly and feeling ill, caring scarcely at all for my work at a theatre or for any thing belonging to a theatre.' Her real encourager was Charles Heade, wise was wont to address her as ' Eleanora Delicia.' *Miss Terry's full baptismal appellation, it appears, is Ellen Alicia. During June, 'Brink' was rcvived at Drury Lane, with a cast fully competent to do it justice. As Copeaus, Sr Charles Warner, who has so thorosughly identified himself with the character, again inopired the utmoet enthusiasm. Mr Charles Glenny was the selfish Lantier; Mr Ed mund Gurney. Gouget; and Mr Juslisn Cross, Poisson. Miss Jessie llillsvard as Gervais made the character as sympa thetic as possible. Miss Kate James as Phmbe Sage acted agreeably. Miss Ada Neilson gave the fullest significance to the part of the treacherous Virginie, and Mrs Billington's vigorous style was of value as * Mdme. Rouge. Mrs Brown Potter and Mr Kyrle Bellewv are expected in London in Soptember~when they will probably he seen in ' Antony and Cleopatra,' and othoer plays, ' Ibsen's Ghost, or ToolO up to date,' is the titls of a succesoful skit on the Nor wegian dramatist, which hsas been pro duced at Toole's Theatre. It is said to have been written by Mr J. LI. Barrio. It has furnished Miss Irene Vanbrugh with a character in which she has displayed re markable powers of mimicry. 