THE BLACK HAND. A. Tale of tha Seorot Sooletttw By the *nthor of 'The Qawn bt die '.filondos/' f'JJaiitliDff bnt Doomed^1; ? ? ? ^*^Sijb Tairait in Mayiaii1^' .?* Petfla 'of* Paris.' 'Uin» the Nihilist?' ' PrinceBB and Police Spy,' £o. CHAPTBE XVI. ''i -ifi£i'ikicK ma io aw cooa, THOtTOH I FOtLOW Hilt TO THE . Ti-OBr.Tj'R SKD.' The look of iirintoph faded out of the ?priuotss' fioe, hoirorer, when * moment later the page came baei to the table, and said in a Sunied whisper — ' Tour Highness, the letter is gone. It must have been abstracted— stolen — nude aw*y with, since my dear mister Sninea we nonse. x -conia ewear, ay* y my every hope of salvation that he left it in that drawer vhen he vent oat.* ' Boy, who has been in this room since he last quitted itP Anyone besides the valet D(5sir* and that cringing, sneaking Jew— jeweller r' 'Ten, your Highness, a pratieman, who said he was his friend, and oame to warn him of danger. On hearing that he bad already left home hn seemed dis tressed, and insisted on writing the warn ing he would evidently sooner have spoken. How foolish 1 am— why, ho wrote it at that very davenport, and, told me on leaving that he had slipped it into the desk compartment nt the top. It must be there now i that at all events I shell snrely be able to find As he concluded the page homed back to the davenport, bnt tlie Princes* Feiora was too impatient to Buffer the 'boy to prosectte the search alcnc. She poised it fiftt. Jjf ted the lid, and the next instant Count Loris Ipanoff's half-written and abruptly ended mock warnine was in her hands. She strode back towards the table, glancing over it as she went. 'Why, what is thisP' she suddenly exclaimed. ' 'Tie a sham, a subterfuge, a miserable cover for a secret and criminal not. Listen, gentlemen — ' My dear Guriehkine— Your life is in danger. I come to warn yon. It has reached my knowledge that the Brothers of the Black Hand are sworn to—' and there the precious dooament ends. There's not another word. Does not tliat point it oat to be a sham f Wiry, the nun who wrofo it clearly abstracted the letter, the letter which I doubt not tempted my beloved to his doom, and which was doubtless calculated to criminate bis assassins, or at all events endanger them unless it was recovered by some recom pile*. On my conl it was a clever trick ; the woman no doubt took especial note of where he planed it, and told her con federate ontside, who, after he sad watched the victim leave the house, fabricated this excuse, knowing that, in all probability, he would be invited to write his warning at the very desk where the missive he wan to anxious to re-secure was concealed. Oh, boy, boy, why did yon not watch over your master's safely more eealonsly P' 'Toar Highness, how could I have supposed it 'was endangered, or have doubted such a handsome, noble-looking, ami well-spoken gentleman as this one eer med r' ' True, true, I have no doubt he w«s plausible enough to have deceived ox?e far older and wilier than thee. S ? this i tbc draw, r fr,,m which the gentwin-n — yes, I Iinre no donbt that lie ni a gentleman, and, perhaps, indeed, in all probability a titled one as well — re covered the written death lure? Hj(t little lie di«nrr5rKfld tbe contents 1 Tntti his eager clu'eh at the very too of all Ah! what Lore «-eliereP Boy, b'oy, for your verj .i ..? irj to remember was the stolen !eite r enclosed in an envelope P' ' Ti s. you- Highness: I can swear to that becauss I saw my master take it thereon;. Toe address was a scrawling hand ilmt seemed lo cover it all over, and it wan bealed with bine wax, or blue something or other a' large as the top of my thumb. His exct iler cy threw it into the drawer with the letter. ' And the purloiner of the one over looked the other, and left the envelope to become his hamming warrant,' retorted the Princess Fedora in none the less exultant accents beoause they were whispered ones. ' Major Gretch and gentlemen,' she ontinued almost breathlessly, ' the bine stamp or seal which this hoy speaks of and »hich he could only have observed from a distance, is the crest and coat of arms of the Ipanoffs, and anderneaLh the motto are the letters L I., [or Lorii Tpanoff, whilst the address on the back is — is — is — well, I forget what conclusion wis dawning upon me concerning that, nor do I much care, for surely we have enough here to condemn both brothers, and show that they acted in collusion and partnership, and as surely as I lire the revolver shall weave a noose for the neck of the one, aud this envelope a loop for the throat of the other. Oh, my beloved, my beloved, you shall at aU events not perish unavenged. 2£ajnr (xretch, are yon not convinced P If so, why do you lose a second of timeP Th« mansion of Count Loris Tpanoff faces this one, right across the broad Boulevard Away, if you would win my favor, and let me tell you that the favor of one co rich and powerful as the Princess Fedora Homasoff is nor to be despised. Away. Secure him. Tjodge him in the deepest and darkest dungeon of the Fortress of Peter and Paul, and see that his brother Sergius joins him there before the dawn When these two good deeds are done come to me at m? residence, to tell me before I die that my vengeance hue been destructive and sudden as the lightning flash, and I will make a rich man of you, Mejor, I will mate a rich man of you.' She paused for want of breath rather than for lack of words, and it was a terrible sight to behold this lovely woman, pallid a? a ghost, wild-eyed as a raving maniac her form actually writhing with tbe demon of revenge that held possession of it, waving commands and entreaties that she could no loDger utter, whilst the foam gathered about her lips But Major Gretch required no such onward spurring Tbe twice repeated words, *I will make a rich man of you,' wen goad He rcse to his feet with alacrity, whUpcred wilh a stress upon each word, ? Your Highness' will shall be done at ouce. Guard thst coat of arms and initial-stamped revolver and envelope s» your dearest treasures, for they alone will suffice to bring both brothers to their doom. I will pick up my men on tbe staircase and in the hall below. Num bers wil' ensure success ;' and then with noiseless bat rapid steps he hurried out of the room. Scarcely, however, hud Uxe door closed in bis rear than the Princess rushed after him, and overtaking him at the head of the stairs, whispered in his ear — 1 When you have arrested him — Oount Loris, I mc&sj;— \isht aU the lamps, pall up the blinds, and load him up to a window. There is a powerful field glass in that room, and I will be able to see him through ihe bare tree branches, and to gloat over his handcuffed wrista, and his white, fear-blanched face. Now go 1' She motioned the Police Major down the stairs, and then returned to the chamber which she had just quitted. Choosing the middle window she drew up the blinds, and crossing her armfi underneath her bosom, she took up her position there to watch the movenuuti of Gretch and his. myrmidons, oblivions of ouKht els- except the critical »Ut« of her beloved Vladimir. Monsieur de Siriei, the French sttaohiS, and Herr Boleslas Sasinski, to* ugly little opera baritonSatepioaohed her and aaidaieir^Sfll«.-lOh- heard them ?oi, nor wttTttoveonsMOM of their lepartare. K«Bifrj|ll.*ue notice that, tWlampt died :oul $& Jre one, leaving the room to be;SufiSBie1l only by the flood of a^emoosli£nTti|it-oame in at tfce window and l&np;^dfcolJan of the &efe;'Pi?lrMti-Hwav-gi^^'J^V v a-nsriourtT*w3»p6Mijioiiene«8 of all bit was pauifijT^rtritod, the valet1 Desirf had throwjiTiiiBielf on the mosf- luxurious oouoh, resolved to woo com ^iB^ttVf-aa^'^T^rSeKatnn sleep £3nit fDemftxL' (itiui. Dale/ and ?onwrbl itooydsSbeMS^; PrlnlimS dissimilar. »na how atwiitposeible (hat *o great » weight TSt-loirVana' sorrow pould leave snoh a apaoe for revenge and hatred withmttiat brent. Meanwhile the Police Major and his air myrmidons had let themselves out of &eQaii;&miifemaffirliiaUM;'aV*i« &»?- big the quartor-6f*5mi!oiv}8eiijjnicnkoS Vista, atraight&^ai^p^aB»at of the Ipanofis, whose windows looked as dark aa though it was uninhabited, con- , trusting gloomily with those of the ad-'1 joining houses, which were all lighted Up evidently on the occasion of a ball or f£tc, for shadows could be seen every instant rapidly orosiing thejn,^and.eyerj now and could be beard. ' ' ' So some rejoice and love while others grieve and hate,' thought Fedora, whilst her eyes Were still Cflxed on the little greop of ~-polioe Vhbj*' after plunging through tne snow, had by this time gained the steps of the IpanofE residence. She wii m'fte inet of turn% round to possess herself of the field glass, which Ut on a ride table almost at her elbow, wh4n. the gold-beaded, landscape panelled f oldinc doors which oommunioated with the adjoining bedchamber- were iiirown open, revealing'the dull red draperies' of the great plumed few-poster and thr carefully screened window, as also « temporary altar, whereon twinkled three flaming candles on each side of a gleam ing xjrucifix. whilst : a silver-haired ^pries'- clad- iiv .£he iEoxgeotu^restmeniji to the Busso-Greek Church knelt 'almosVpro» trate iu front of it engaged in silent prayer. The next instant forth from that room came Dr. Lcreck, looking like some dusky raven, or other bird of ill omen, in bis suit of rusty black, and approaching the all-engrossed Princess noiselessly, he laid a hand gently on her arm. saying — *Y on may go in sow. Yout agitauon cannot harm him. He it dead ' At the words the page Demetri uttered a low groan, and fell in a swoon to the floor, but the Princess Fedora neither groaned, wept, nor fainted. She merely said softly— 'Bead, and I not there, as you promised that I should beP Well it was ju«t. T was not worthy to be beside him until I bad avenged him. And when I have done that, why lean join him in tb'- grave. Did he say anything before he dirdP If so, tell me, for it ii important that I should know.' * He contrived to faintly titter ? tiro words It w«s difficult to make them out owing to the condition!* of the case but they sounded like Hue Ipanoff !' 'They were enough. I understand th™. RjHiIjvwff!— ay, (by (hall roe during the bfiel' renitinder of Ihetr treacherous livep. T will track them to their doom, though I have to pnrsne them fe- the world's end, ty, that I frill. Don't press mete *tjte» the cBambeV-*.f dctirh, for I daren't approach so nigh ?into an altar and a pneat in my present m'od, and besides. I would not behold him as they have disfigured him. When I am laid in (he grave by his *ide T *hall not see his changed face, but first I have stem work to do, and must be in stern mind to do it. Leave me Dr Loreck— a minuet more and I expect to see at yon opposite window a more pleasing tight than even the face of my beloved when he looked his best.' CHAPTER XVII. EdCiPBP OOT OF THE FOWIiKB's 8X-AHI. — TUB SKBVJCB OF THE ' ABPAeMUS.'' Doctor Lodece shrugged his shoulders and returned to the bedroom, fearing much within himself that the shock that ?he had received had affected the beautiful Princess* reason, which to a certain extent t h re can be no doubt that it had. She notioed not bis departure, nor the unconscious state of the page lying on the floor, nor the valet who with a cynical ?neer had ag*un made himself as comforts able as it was possible to do under the circumstances Her eyes did not once turn towards that other door with its dark, blood-hued hanging), and its nodding bed plumes, where the black garbed doctor still hovered abont the dead although loth to believe that it was enatcbed wholly away and beyond his every effort to save, whilst the priest, ?till kneeling before the altar with arms outspread and eyes raised heavenward, chanted in his long wailing accents the Hymn of. (he Aspasmus or Last £m brace. ' Come hither, brethren, let us worship God and pay our last duty to the dead. No longer mindful of vanity, or the cares of the fiesh,he hath forsaken-Ms kindred and approBcheth tbe crave. Where now are his kindred and friends F They are separated from each other. May (lie Lord grant him repose. May he tast in peace. 4 Oh, what painful separation, what lament%tion and wailing accompany this mournful hour Approach ye and em braoe liim who was . lately one . pf our selves. Delivered up to the grave, covered with a stone— he incut dwell in darkness and be buried among Uie dead, yet may the Lord grant to his soul re * Oh, wbat is life 1 A blossom, a vapor, a mere dew of ihe morning. Approaob, therefore, and with attention meditate on the grave. Where now is the manly form P. Where is tbe pride of yooth f Where are the organs of sight, and when the beauty of Uie complexion P They are withered lite stubble, and the worm awaits (hem, but the soul liveth though the body perisheth, and upon it may God have mercy ' All the pleasnres and dignities of life are vain and perishing. We av .all decaying and shall die. Kings.* and priucet*, judges and potentates, the rich and the poor, are aU mortal. ThoBB formerly numbered amongst the living lie lifeless in the grave.' Verso after verse the dismal yet braulifol chant went on, but the Princess Fedora heard ii not Her every sense was engrossed with what she supposed and hoped to be occurring on the opposite Fide of the broad Annichkoff Vista, and with an im patience tqual to tliat with which *? atarvincr wolf watches itji anD-naehinir prey, she waited glass in hand, for the drawing up of one of those venetien blinds so that she miglit behold her lover's as&asgin.; a oh&iried; &ud; fetterc-d captive. But no such Bight rewarded her palienoe. A quarter of an hour passed away ; half-an-hour ; three-quarters ; for the gold and ormolu cloci on the carved ivory bracket musically chimed them all ; but her vengeance remained UDglutted, the window that she hoped to see illumin ated still dark. Tri the adjoining mansion the dancing and the musio fltiU went on, and in the clear northern sky overhead the crimson . androse-hued streamers of the Baging HoBt (as Buuiaos call the Aurora Borealb) quivered and Sashed .and flickered over the white world below, now and (hen fluhiog on an emerald green dome or gilded or bright copper sheathed spire ; bat no sign or token of, human life met the lone watcher's gaze, and at last she beheld the tame squad of polios plodding back across the Viata through the snow, and, could she btlisr* ianting, until presently. thetfrararar- itamteting with the landing was «oWy opted to admit Pouoe^tTjor OretoW^ The sight of his calm, placid, impertur baWr7tici-KSKfelTierfcVer«en«ei'»na' lex «*g«r attto aame'*iine.tr:&-' ?U ''*= «T TjT3h8 cist upon the stolM'-fanotionary a g1aW^f1he«atT*Ttherin^CTnlempV and hissod^yBoiS'pu.hayerTet him slip through7tmr-fingers-fu~— : ' No mnn was ever clever enough to dpi that, yonr Highness. My fingers sever closed on him. He was sone before I could even stretch out my hand. We found the house deserted.' ?Another proof of his guilt But why ?re you not on his track if he has flown f ' 'Because I have sent quicker mea ?sengert along tha eleotno wires, i 'By this time at Wiburg.-^OTeli Draflnmg; and Volotsch my, agents are on the a'ert, so that he has no chance of quitting the holy soil of Russia, either by -land or sea, for Cronstadt,X,.of course, have not tor-' gotten. Therefore, though hv it^iotia my grasp, .your Highness, -he is in my .net, and effectually cut off from .Berlin, Warsaw, and Paris ' ... And his brother, Count Sergius P I presume he haVfled with him P' ' On the contrary, yonr Highness, he at this moment lies in the deepest and darkeit dungeon of the Forlzesa of Peter and Paul. That is why I have been so Iosr away. I yeatned to please your Highness by at «U events doing tome t*?ouiVyerplea«idi me. If a bank note for a thousand roubles will please you in turn, call upon me»t breakfast to-morrow— j jmean lo- aay—and I will hsiid jt to you as a'Arit instalment of the' amount which 1 hope you are *bout to earn. You found 'Jhb Count Sergius wounded f* - '. - ' ' „'? ' : ? Your Highness,'I could not discovers wound of any kind upon him.' ? You could not?! Then Irbm whenoc could hare come the blood that had eoikid into the street %y his' dropped pistol, and which .gave tie imprint ot bin hand to the door? . Yet, never mind, for we shall doubllesi aooount (or that in time. Your followers rwere. X presume. not idle at Cduut Jjaria1 mansicu whilst you went after his', brother P Did they discover anything, to still- more -deeply criminate him in this ^natter -P* - 4-^ 'There and elsewhere— yes. In his hTOse we found these black kid gloves, with the broad red stitches up the back, looking like three bloody gashes. They are such as are worn by the murderous aud traitorous Brotherhood of the Bluck Haud, and from it they derive thoir name. Nor .is that all. Ho hut night returned from a journey taken on tbe Emperor's . servioe, and failed to report himself to the Minister o{ tbe Interior, as it was his doty at once to have done. Instead of doing so he went to his club, changed his uniform for mufti; and issued forth again so hurriedly that he had a word for no one, whilst everyone noticed the strangeness of hU manner. But beyond all this, I can now nrnvu fn nuir FTic.iinpafl nffsf nil Hnnhf tltat it was Count Loris Tptnoff who called here last night, wrote that unfinished warning, and so, in all probability, re gained the compromising letter, for on his leaving the house ha was observed by a baodisliniok who vhb an duty ontside, asd tbe poiioemsn flashed a lantern in his fac:. and clearly identified him-' ' Then my very la«f suspicion is solved, and it would be impossible any longer to doubt his guilt. My VUdimir told me that he. was going to search into a plot against his father's— the Police Minister's — life, ' and these two noble archcon spirators learnt his intention and resolved to baffle and defeat him, in which they have succeeded, alas I only too well. Doubtless they imagined be would thrust the criminating letter in his pocket and take it wilh him. Had he doue so he oould havo peiinhed without leaving a single due behind for the discovery of his murderer'. But villainy always over rtMchoH iiself.' ?. ' In this cb«' it has leapt right ioio the arms of jasis ?-, yiu H;ghnesss The lamented departed (with a deprecatory glance' th-ougk the open folding doors into the adj'iniog apirtmen-) oalled at Count Loris IpanofF*? mansion yesterday after the Count had departed, and was there a considerable while.' ' Spent a oomiderab!e while at Oount Loris Ipanoffs P What could that have been forP Count Loris had never called on him here before last night, for both valet and page declared that his face was perfectly strange to them.' ' Yonr Highness, the visit of his Ex cellency may have been paid in the hope of gathering them some evidence as to the conspiracy against his father's life, and that there really was one is plain from hit having been poisoned la»t night. as testified to by the excellent doctor Loreck. Anyhow, his Btcellency was e lose ted for a considerable while with Count Loris' beautiful Jewish mistress, aud ere he called sr*nfr to have watched the Count leave the house.' The Princess Fe'dora gave a gasp, and placed both bunds against her heart, Sniveling the while as though a knife or agcerhad been suddenly plunged there in. Then turning her face away from Muj-T Grcteh. she said — ?Doubtless Vladimir thought he ould learu something ct im.j-r.*iiiicif by ques tioning the womttn e*hoii y..u mention. 1 do noc wish to eonsnlt uitii ton further for Uie present. Come :o my house tt the breikfatt hour and I will i;i™ jo-i that which I have promised. Wl.l ? -i by that time he able Lo Leil uh- that Cuunc Lori* Ipanoff i* being -brm^ht back lu St. Petersburg sprionerr 'The chances re as m'Ti'- ' that I shall be able tj do bo.' ' '* * And this woman, has she not boen arrested also and brought bsot r' ' I havo no doubt that she will return with him of her oan free-will. Then if. being a Jewess!, she dares to remain in tbe capital of the Russian Empire for more than three days .except, ju it registered servant or immoral cSarscter, we can throw her into pruoc as a matter of course, for suoli is tbe la* .' ' Let it be. done, ' rejoined tiie Priuceas coldlv, and she motioned him n»sv. When the Police M-j^r hwl departed tbe Princess paced 'he room to and fro f or a few moment* wrestling with emotions that she was ashamed ??-- r-n-er»ain. even whilst she was fully cjasci --us tlist she did At last, however, she smote her heav ing chest, and ejaculated half-fiercely to herself — * I will not^doubtjiijs fidelity .and .honor Hp hais never~pivoQ me renssn- It would be mean, bate, «nd wicke-i for me to do in «hen he is put refuting the breath of e&lbjnny.;'* ',-.-- She jjused, for ihe solemn cb&ut; ot the priest 'seemed to answer her with — 'The slaves of ungoverned .passions en joy no- repose in tbe prave : farmiddble acenserure these, and tUere (belwjVa «re- opem-a. 'Where will tbon jook fur Bucoor,.O.fluin, and .who will jn.iuUju tby^cause ^njess thy conduct in lifcwas pnee and uprjght, unloes th -u dida't.svaUc in tte:^At&s;'qf righleousnasi, aod with thy bounty relieved the poor t Hast thoa pitied the afflicted, O man F in death thou shalt.be pitied. H»st tbou coBsoled the orpnanr tne orpoan wm deliver thee. HaBtthon clotifBdihe naked F the naked ?rill procure ihee protection Mar the Lord grant that it bo so. Holy Jesus, mercy.' At this part of the solema tervioe the Princes- passed into the clamber of death, and with a quavering ' Amen !' knelt down by the bedside. (Tabtcmtinvca.) 