THE FEDERAL MENTION " IrKOM OVE al'EUIAL JlRl-OKTKK.] , , . n. -i SYDNEY, MARCH 12. A wide spreading ripple of satisfaction, "crisis in the Convention Chamber on Iveliioaday afternoon when the proposal to,, add that the debate on the Federation mm i tions should close on the following day Not that the long array of speeches already made had been without merit for. 1 Xittodly, nearly every speech made had Kin well thought out, and many embodied a wealth of research, but the speeches ran a Zvldoal in one groove, and the feeling was Uiitonoiigb had been said, that the time for more marrying has expired, and that the Semites, if true I" their mission, would come ' Zwn to what had been described as his bed- rock, and proceed to action. Mr A I. Clark, in his speech, throw I several 'are lights on the subject at issue, , wM¿h'órovioiis speakers had not thought of. O olouriialdoscrlhcdhlmasa perfect oncy airedale of Constitutional Federation, and he won a good deal of praise, except from iUUeralil, which simply ignored him though slandering to criticise worker mon. . A good many havooEproasod opinion that it, was the Lost speech yet armies. Its publication! by ne Mercury would be of prospect Interest in future use. Mr. Clark, by the way, will not miss his Draft Constitution Bill in the Mother of the delegates. It is understood that Mr. Kingston is industriously putting the finishing touches on another, which ora enclosure Mr. Clark's proposant, and. will probably be occupied as a basis of the proposed measure. One prominent feature in the discussion of the Federation resolutions in the fact that every delegate stands committed to a protectionist policy against outside competitors. None of them have argued in favour of the Dominion adopting general Freetrade, except within its own borders and the great principle of freetrade' open ports to the manufactures of the world, has found no champion. The Free trade Association of New South Wales will probably have something yet to say on this topic. Certain it is that hourly ovoryiopluion expressed outside the Conven- tion Chambers very much against any protective' tariff. The people of Sydney profess exceeding faith tin, Alfred trade, but this is not allied with any OXCOSH of court done in the work of the Convention. It seems to be a foregone conclusion that proceedings will ultimate in, a position of masterly inactivity, and that more than one Convention will be held before any of the proposals i so 'diffusely discussed ' take form and practical issue. , " " To-day when the Convention met it was evident that a good many members intended to speak if opportunity offered. Mr. McMillan opened fire by a very -smart re- joinder to-Mr. Dibbs' speech if the previous day, and than broke new ground by showing the disproportion existing in the debtor and creditor Customs accounts of the various colonies. That a uniform tariff would be a necessary precedent of intercolonial freetrade I was, hit and, proved by the following figures prepared from returns for IKS!) : New South Wales received £112 00 intercolonial duties, and paid away i.*127,0P0v; (Queensland received 1*715,000 and pass' away s 7,00 ;, Victor is received 1:2.1,1011 and only paid away £20,000 ; New Zealand re- solved £110,000 and only paid away £18,000. TIIOHO figures, he said, showed that, the whole difference of free-trade and protection in the colonies, might be reduced to a guarantee of a million, of money. How the guarantee would be made he did not explain, but branched. off,, on ft lia topic of, coat of Central Üovoi'iiiuoiit, which he estimated at 12s, liar head of tfdpulation,'"a" total of HV.MO.OOO to be taken annually out of the Customs duties of the whole of the colonies, aggregating £8,011,000. Some members up cleared inclined to question his conclusions, liutrofrainod.il Mr. J. A. Wright, Western Australia, followed in a speech which had evidently boonsocaccfully canned and studied that the usual 'coríscquoniíoonsnud-it also lutely failed to be impressive, and then just before the hour for midday retiring Mr. W. Moore found his opportunity. There was a contracting accompaniment of shalling foot and scarcely subdued conversation during the first few minutes, and trio reporter appeared in difficulties, but he forged steadily ahead and spoke hispleco,'1'dilating a good deal of American and Canadian institutions. The Hornill credits him with taking a strong protectionist line, but reports bin thick " With regard to the question of tariff, that might be well left for the Federal Govern ment. Jioliod noticed for many years that Australia had been going in the direction of freetrade, and it would be found that where there wWa democratic feeling in the Senate the question of production would be associated with it. (Hear, hear.) 'He meant freetrade. There would, no doubt, be free trade among the colonies of the federation and protection, against the world," Here Mr. Dibbs Intorjuctod : " that is pulling the question very straight." With regard to the intention of the federal capital, Mr. Moore again referring to American and Canadian precedent, said much might be learnt there from. ', In Canada a small and previously obscure place had been chosen as the federal capital, and good results had visited. ' Early in the day a telegram from the Warrnambool potato man had a boon load, suggesting choir a municipality as the best possible piece ! for the capital of the Australian Dominion. Some Sydney papers profess not to know where Warrnambool is situated. After Mr. Moore had finished, some other members spoke, including Mr. Adye Douglas, who, dealing with the proposal for the formation of an Erocutivo-"consulting of a Governor-General and such persons an may from time to 'time be appointed' us 'lies ud visors" suggested that the Governor-General ought to be at liberty to take his advisers from which side of the House he pleased, and of course would take care that he selected them from that side which had a majority, consequently his advisers, must be representatives of the people. The Governor-General, he thought, should be appointed by the Queen. , Against this' none of the delegates raised tir'otcst,'.although it is an' openly expressed opinion by many that the appointment should be made from among residents in. tlie.nowvDoininion, and by the people themselves. Proceeding, he said That morning they had certain figures placed before them by an hon. gentleman, but he must confess that he was not able to follow them. He was more in a fog after that gentleman had finished his statement than he was when he commenced it. He noticed that the word Customs' was included in the third resolution, but the word, ' excise was not used. Excise duties yielded a large proportion of the revenue of some of the colonies. He did not know whether It was intended to embrace in the word. 'Customs' the word 'excise,' bills he supposed that the term. Customs' would simply relate to goods Imported) from lOuo colony, ; into another, or imported from foreign States. With import to freetrade between the colonies, what did it' mean Up to the proton time freetrade between the colonies was the only thing they had been trying to keep off, but freetrade with foreign countries they did, Watsonia to care about. the toria had erected a' barrier against all pro ducts except her own not only, against the importation of raw material, but of manufac turodarticles. They talked about 'loyally,' hill if they, endeavoured to take away the Queen's power of veto and taxed the goods of the home country in the same way as they would those of a foreign country, what he came of their 'loyalty.' (Hurst hour.) A good deal had been made relative to the English Constitution, but the fact had to come uitunl'buen i over looked that the whole power of the English Constitution routed in list the House of Commons chose to enter protest the Constitution. What the House of Coniiiionachoao to say WUH thuconitlliition was the constitution. ? The British Coast it is tion was a very different thing to turn) days from what it was a few, years ago, He had no doubt Unit them war is sufficient amount of ability in Australia to unable a Funeral Constitution to be formed He had no doubt that they would be able to form a Constitution which would tend to the fruit nesi'oftha Australian colonies, and would show the Mother Country that although Australia had been only a century in existence we were fast approaching that position on training which we would be able to protect ouroo'/gj-yUnt, be sincerely hoped that the day whites would have to do that was far off, (limit, hear). He was quite sure that the tendency' of our IpaUlutions was of a democratic character, and economic later we must arrive at that position. So long as we were subjects of the Qiiiion, tim appointment of Governor-General would, he hoped, he votes to her Majesty, and the appointment of the Governor of each State would, he trusted, he made in the same way. He thought that if the Senate was only vested with such powers as would enable it to either accept or throw out a bill in its entirety, the effect would practically be to make a nonentity of the House." (Cheers.) He other Tasmanian imiruseiitalivo spoke though Mr. Burgess just before the institute ofadigiirnineiit got upon his feet, and, like the ghost in Hamlet, appeared about to address himself to speech, but the cock crow won the opportunity was lost. A Queensland member, at the bidding of the Pretil aunt, moved,-" That the debate be had Journed." March 18. This morning when the Convention met Sir Samuel Griffith, the Vice-President, took the chair, and Sir Henry Parkes dealt with the resolutions after the manner of the second reading of a Parliamentary Bill. Every available seat was occupied, and he spoke fairly, and' well,' and Thon the House went" Intocouimittoe;'iirid..the real work of-the itinerary , 11 the r i M. Minto Convention commenced. The result will have been gleaned from telegrams before this appears in 'J'ltr Mercury. In one of my previous communications appeared a Uno stating that Mr. Burgess was opposed to free discussion. This was a slip of the pen. He was very much in its favour. As there was no open debate on the subject, it is unnecessary now to mention either the contents or the non-contents. 