Town Talk. Thp.t thle Rlilway Rifle Club have a bit of a sruhff thing on fur this afternoon. That in the Dathenbar Clnb they will find fomanu worthy of their powder. That tihe betting is about even so far, with the Ipswich men a couple of cartridges ahead. That, neverthelese, the position of the ps wich men is so as rioue that the "T.T.' man hae felt very much inclined to lend hie valuable aid as malker. That he firmly believes that he coeld afford his fellow-townsmen very material aseitmuce while acting in that eapecity. That they must remember that his eyes are on them, and that the eyes of the country are on them, and that it therefore bEhoves them to haboot their blankest. That the eage does not believe in booming like a bittern over dicaster and waste places, bt he would not be much surprised if some thing happened before long. That tensof thboueands of pounds are going every month to support soldiers who ought to be at work instead of on active servioe. That those tone of thousands come out of the publie Treasury, and, as raob £20000 or £30.000 is soooped up, the feller that ii scoop ing sees more and more of the bottom of the chest. That very shortly there will be nothing left but the bottom. That how will the oontry get on then That a loan mact be had somewhere, but the prospeots for borrowing don't atrike the ordinary pecson as promesing. That one of the labour leaders recently scg. gested that the uinionists ahbould "put a little more devil in the fight." That considering the losa that o?fortnnate Qaeeneland is tuffering owing to the action of toe said unionisce, what would be thought if the authoritiea, who already have right on their aide, were to exercise a little more might t That it makes one's blood almost bhl to think that the colony is being brought to the verge of rain by individuals who have nothing to lose-no houses, no land, no businenn,. ano pretty well no money, and who therefore have to live on other people who are working. That the Mayor was unexpectedly liberal last Monday when he anggested the establish. ment of a emoking-room m connection with the School of Arte. That most people though his worship would have slain anyone who had broached ach a thing. That nine tenths of the retepayere thought that he would at least have denounced such a proposal root and branch and smitten it hip and thigh will more or less slaughter. That any man who had predaLted even an hour beforehand that the chief magistrate would make the uanggeostion himself would have been taken by the scruffof the neck and the slack of the pancets and "run proud" into Woogaroo before he had had time to draw. breiath. That the general impression is that hie Worship is gradually acequiring broader views then he formerly held. That the Waterworks ghost is walkieg again. That it kept quiet for some time, but it is our on its ?ittle ' ran tan' never more. That it is to be hoped it willbe laid shortly, for it mast be getting tired of trespassing about. That the Ipswich Field Battery reckon that if they are called out for western service, they will be there or thereacouts, and they would like it known. That, although the Mounted Infantry have had the first call, tbhe battery are of opinion that they would be as unanimoes in going and facog yacker as any other corpe in Qaeenea land, and they would like that known, too. That the gammoned bacon makers who con tionally send stuff into the market that is nor fit to eat ought to be prosecnted. That, by tbhe way, where is the baco3n-onrer that the Government had some time ago, and when is he going to favour West Moreton with a vasit? That it now appears as e the unioniats are not satisfied with compelling the free labourere to leave their work, burning greeass, woolshede, and railway sheds, bat they meet now try to poieon a man. That that eort of thing ought to be put a 1 stop to, and if the wretch,who gave that apple, is discovered, he should be gently expostolated with, That the "T.T." man is informed that a lot of roads roud about Normanby have been elosed. That these roads were proclaimed for the benefit of the settlers, and appeared on the m.ps of their selections. Tnat they don't appear on the recently is aned maps of the district, and people will now have to go round for miles ciracuitoeusly when they want to reach a given place. That to the " T.T." man'a nose thin smells of the less apaey riding.roughshod.kick.him.in the-guntter beniness. That if the above premises are correct (and the information o00mes from a good snurce), then the residents who are put to auch onut rageous inoonvenienae ahould nee the Minister about it, and get "eat," without delay. That the proposed increased stage aeoomoda tion at the School of Arts is much needed and will be decidedly welcome to travelling companies. That the "T.T." man desires to draw the attention of the Mayor and Counoil to two matters which shonld have been looked after years ago. That they are-"the gois" and fire escape facilities, at the Sohool of Arts. That "the gods" behaved scandalonusly at the performance of " Faust," and they frequently do so on other occasions. That, if the writer mistakes not, the law protects all persons legally assembled in a pub lic place from inaslt and annoyanae. That he thinks there is a munieipal by-law in existence dealing with their matter. That the public, and the players who en deavour to entertain them, wonder how it is that the by-law is never enforced. That the thing is simple enongh-a constable is stationed in the halt, and the first young gentleman who manifests his Iarrskin sensee of humoor is ejected, or arrested, or sunmeoned, according to law. That the Gfire-escape' facilities at the School of Arts constituted an even more serious matter. That the School of Arts is not what it might be in the noble art of getting away. That it is a dead certainty that the first time a fire breaks out on the stage, and a panic ennsues, balf the people inside the hall will never get outside the door sound in wind and limb. That this calamity could be oonsiderably leesened by various means. That first there should be several taps laid on the stage and hose affixed and somebody to stand by during every performance. That secondly somebody should stand by each of the three doors (which should be in good order) all the time. so that if necessary thb doorkeeper could let the people out at once, and there should be no needless wrestling with tight rusty locks and bolts. That, thirdly, the sideoentrances should be greatly widened. That these hints are of the utmost import anno to the comfort and well-being of the rate payere. That the gallant Moonted Infantry, with the popular CFaptain Cardow, have gone out West. That there was not a solitary right mindcd man, woman, or child, who was not proud of them,especially when they heard of the manner in which they voluntcered to go on active duty. That though the pridewas mired with a little regret-regret that there was any cause for them to be called out-the spectators all felt oertain that they would do their duty. That the "'Town Talk" man was pleased to see that Mr. t. J. Kendall'a services were suithbl recognised the other evoning. That he wel! deserved all the eulogiums peased upon him. That he was certainly the "G.O.M. ' of the (3June;I, Cnooee. That the "T.T." men joins with cveryone else in wishing him long lile and preeperty. That the gentleman who amused himself by galloping along a footpath on Wedneadag eight last, about 10 o'clock, sabold have had . little more aeone. That it is a decidedly dangerous practioe, and it is one that he will yet regret if he does not give it a rest. That a yourg man went into a tobacconist's and barb r'd shop the other dry. That. as be did not bohave himself properly, .nd did not withdraw from the premises when he was requestnd to, he was esuddenly " shbot" out on to the footpath. That he does not know how he got there yet, but-" he g'.t therr juet the same." That the Eight-Boura' Demonstration yeater day was a great orcoees. That the proceerion was a splendiddisplay, and was one that re flcted the greatest credit upon the union, the committee, and all con cerned in it. That - "Here's to the future encoese of the union." That the " T.T." man has jet heard of the Mayor's prompt action re the fever bosiness at North Ipawich. That it meeta with the great publio teachens entire approval, and the Chief Magistrate is. therefore jaustified in feeline as glad as if he had recevred the honour of Knighthood. 