Helen Benton's Story. When I took passage on the Castle Clifford for Australia 1 wan J, like the boys in the story books, to seek my fortuue. It waa a comical thing for a girl to do, "h'ut'I 'wasalobe in "tha world, and tbe prospect of being a governess, or a companion to a lady, whioh W£s all I could be in England, made me desperate. There in the New World, I said to myaelf, I could set to work to make my fortune. I lould, perhaps, with what money I had, buy a little land and cultivate it—I had a talehfc for that sort of thing, I believed, and, with tbe help of a few laborers, I could have a model farm, a beautiful dairy, raiae fiuit, and live amongst the green things growing to the end of my days. Oddly enough, tbe thought that I might marry never entered my mind. At twenty- five I considered myself "settled," and expected to be a spinster. Of course on shipboard one always makeB acquaintance with some of the other passengers, and the captain, seeing me alone, introduced me to a good many. T herewas one gentleman, an Australian, Mr. Cheater, whom I liked very much. He was. a man of forty, well-dressed, and handsome. Somehow he got me to talking of my plans, whioh be thought very sensible, indeed, and told me his own story. He had been a poor boy, whose widowed mother found it hard to earn bread for her family. Now be was a manufacturer, whose name was known throughout Viotoria. He was a little proud of biB success, and It seemed to .me he had reason to be so. If I desired to live in hia part of tbe country, he told me he could give me a great deal of valuable information, and save me money and trouble. It was very pleasant to have some one with $bom to talk my ideas over, and who saw nothing odd in a woman striking out for herself, as an Englishman would have done. Oh, those.plans 1 How little I thought I should never attempt to realize them. • After the days of sonehine, clear night skies, and a brilliant moon, came a heavy fog. One evening we were wrapped in it, and it seemed as thick and palpable as though it bad been wet wool; not a passenger remained on deok. In the saloon we were all rather dull, and I heard one or two men say that we were going at too great a speed for each weather, when another steamer could not be seen until it was upon us. But 1 think none of ua felt any terror until suddenly there waa a crash that sounded as though the end of the world had come. The shrieking of whistles, and roaring and Bucking sound, and the ecreBtus of many voices. That which had been prophecied bad happened: and I can tell you nothing more about it save that, shortly, I found myself in a boat with many others, that Mr. Chester had helped me to escape from the pinking steamer, and that.be was still beside mie. . We were upon the ocean in that boat for five or six houra, and eventually were cast upon some bit of land, of whioh we knew nothing. When the fog lifted and we could see about us. we counted our number. There were five of us still living—the rest bad been lost—Mr. Chester, an old sailor called Jim Pell, a clergyman of the Church of England, pn elderly woman who was going to Australia to join her son, and myself. We were all wet to the skin; hungry, and horrified at the prospect before ua; but the clergyman had suffered most sadly. His wife and child who had been in the boat with ns, had been drowned. ' In the darkness which prevailed, when we were oaBtupon the land, he had felt tbe waves teBr {.hem from him. He had been severely injured and was unable to stand; but when we had helped him as well as we could to ia sheltered spot under a tree, be bade ns forget bim and do what we.could for ourselves, Mr. Ghester and the sailor went np the rocks and explored the place. They returned with tidings .of comfort. There was a spring of freBh water on the island, and any quantity of berries which tbe^ailor pronounced healthful. There were shell-fish in abundance. The island was small, but we should not begin to Btarve at once, and no doubt would be rescued very speedily. Hope lives eternal in the buman heart, and strangely enough, though all my earthly possessions bad been swallowed by the sea, I did not despair. The hot sun soon dried our garments, and we were &U; well and strong enough to bear a good deal, with the exception of the Bsv. Mr.Arohtr. About eunset, Mr. Chester took me by the arm and led me to a portion of tbe beach which was smooth and sparkling as if the sands were powdered silver. '•< We are in a curious position, Helen Benton," be said. " How little we expected to have anything of this' sort in our lives. This is the end of your hopes, 1 am afraid. You can't boy that land now, my dear—you cannot be a lady farmer. You will have to change your plans, and I want to suggest something—in fact, I brought you here for that purpose." "I listen," said I. " Well, Helen," be said, " I can put it into a V6ry few words. Marry me. I've always had that idea for the future, always, since tbe first day we met; for I fell in love with you on sight; hut circumstances alter caseB. If yon can like me, let us take tims by the forelock. Mr. Archer will not live long. If you Will allow me, I will ask him to marry as at once. As yet, we have two witnesses —Heaven knows what may happen. What do you say, Helen ?" I thought a moment, and then said : "I like you. Do what you think right and best." . And so it came about that we all gathered about the poor bed of grass andleaves which we b&d; gathered for.Mr. Archer to lie upon, and that be married me to Mr. Cheater, repeating, the service from memory. It was & strange and eolemu wedding. Afterwards, ipy husband and the sailor went to the edge of the water to light fires made of the, drift wood that lay upon the rocks, in order that any passing vessel might know of our distress, and the old widow and myself eat beside Mr. Archer. In the dawn he closed his eyeB, happier to die, since it was God's will, than to live bereft of those he loved. Two days after this we were taken from the island by a boat sent to us by a Norwegian schooner bound for Melbourne, where we arrived safely. The widow went to her son's house, the sailor to his friends, whoever they were. My husband, after providing me with some necessary garments, took me to his borne. It was a curious place—a handsome house surrounded by gardens and a farm, set upon tbe top of a hill which had been leveled for the purpose. Below in the valley stood the factory of which Mr. Chester was master. Thither he went daily, busy in the laboratory for many hours at a time, handling dangerous chemicals—doing work which must be done by hi6 own hands and no other. Not an accident had ever occurred in the place—the master saw too well to everything. While at work he alwayB wore a white woollen suit and a white cap with a vizor, leaving his usual garments in a wardrobe outside the laboratory. In the evening we were at home together. Our life was very quiet, for their were literally no neighbors; our most frequent visitors were Mr. Chester's brothers and sisters. From tbe first 1 felt that none of them liked me, nor were they people that I could like. They bad not taken pains to improve and enlighten themselvee as their brother had —they were narrow-minded and illiberal,living principally on his generosity—they, in my opinion, imposed upon him. They were, however, his kins-people, and I had too much respect for myself and him to express my viewc. When they caihe I feasted them, I played and sang to entertain them, 1 took pains to be civil, knowing all tbe while that they were not my friends, but feeling safe in tbe knowledge o! my hueband'e otter lore gnfloonfideaee. ,. Sc we lived together five happy years. TRO tj tie girls W6ie born to us, and BO aeeured ud I bacome of my husband's caution that I no longer felt any anxiety, as to his work in the laboratory. From this calm security and happiness I was awakened by a suddeu blow. I had been to the nearest great city to do some shopping, taking ray children with me, and returned home at sunset. As I alighted at the depot, two men whose faces I knew approached me. "The carriage is waiting for you, madam," one said," but do not get into it yet. There ia news for you." " Bad news, madam," said the other- " Very bad news," continued the one who had first spoken.. " The only very bad newa ! that I can hear ia that sersethiug has happened to my husband !" I gasped. The man bowed gravely—tbe other burst into tears. "Tell me the worst, while I con listen to you !" said I. " There has been an explosion in the laboratory," said the calmer man. "Not killed 1 not killed!" I shrieked. Wounded, but not killed !" " Tbey only knew him by tbe dress he always wears," said tbe older man. " I know what you are bearing; I've been through tho same thing—think of the children—yours—- his." But I thought iio longer of anything. My senses deemed me, and they took ir.e to my desolate hoirre uncouFcious. There I opened my eyes upon the fucGS o£ my sinter-iii-law and ber two brothers—they horrified me. In their expression 1 read no real ; grie£—only an effectation of it. Tbey had descended on the place like harpies, hoping to profit by their brother's death. They began their atlEck at once. On the morninc before the funeral, the elder of the men, William, oaroo to me as my servant waa clothing main my blank garments, and without waiting to diemifg tbe girl, stood before me, hie fins-trs interlaced and his thumbs preesed together in a fashion all ftia owfi, and ii-.quired : " Well, now, what are you going to do?" " To do ?" said I. "I do not know what you mean." "You've got to go somewhere, you know," > said my brother-in-law, " you might aa well i think of it." i There ia no time to talk to me," said I. j " I hope 1 shall go into my gravp. How can { 1 live without my husband Oh, Charles, j my darling ! Charles, my darling 1" j- " Anybo^," eaid William, " you ean't • come down stairs, the men folks will be J enough. Sister Ann will stay with, you, not | to be too pointed-Tout- considering you ceutt T appear. j " 1 will make an effort," said I, thinking J that after all he bad - only expressed considj eration for my health in an awkward man- 1 ncr. _ " We can't disgraoe the family at such a time," said William. "We've alwayfe been respectable. The kind of relation there has been between you and him were hiB affair while ho lived, now they're ours." • , " What do you mean?" I gasped.' " That we don't think that you can prgve | that you were ever his wife," said William. ' The servant stared at him in astonish* ment. * " Not his wife I" I gasped. Then the rememberance-of our marriage on tho desert island, by a clergyman who died that very night, in the presence of witnesses who bad vanished from my ken, occurred to me. I '.never dreamed my wife-bood could be doubted; but 1 had no proof, no proof whatever. Ann entered shortly, locking the door behind ther. I was forbidden to offer the last token' of respects to the man I loved so fondly. My children came to jne. Cast upon my pillow I held them to my bosom, and we wept together. Ann, grim and cold, maintained'ber composure throughout. The next day I beard that no will bad been found, and tbat my simple statement that £ had been married to Charles Chester, was of no avail. The only thing that could have established my position as his wife—his introduction of me by that title—failed me.. - My husband had some detestation of ceremony, and got. over his introductions easily. His usual form being: "HeleD, this is Mr. or Mrs. So-ana-So." He bad even introduced me to his family in this way, saying: " Well, Helen, here we are altogether. This is Ann, tbat is William, and that young fellow there is Jim. He was poor mother's bahy." Ob, tbey knew well that I was hiB wife. It waa their greed of gold led them to deny it. •One day they stood'before me—three fiends they seemed to me—and bade me rise and leaTe tbe house, and take my children with me. " We've been very good to you," said William, " considering what you are. We've got a present of £150 for you, and you can earn your living if you are willing to be honest and behave yourself. We're goiDg to move here to-morrow, and of course Ann couldn't have a person like you in her house. The carriage is at the door." And with these wordB be tendered me a large roll of bank notes. As he ceased, I arose in my wrath and flung the money back 1 into his face. Man," I cried, " you know .. . I am your \- , Brother s widow—you know that you are" W robbing his-orphans. Could the dead return he would rise before you thia instant to confound your falsehoods. Gh, my husband— my husband—where are you 1—where are you 1 Oh, my love, can you not come back to me?" And to this wild cry—a cry that mourners utter S3 often in the madness of their despair—an answer came, a ringing " I am here 1" in a voice we all knew. A tall figure dashed through the open door of the great ball and stood before us— Charles Chester and no other. He stood motionless—one arm uplifted and drawn back, and the other pointing toward his brother William. And at tbe presence of the man tbey believed to be lying in his. grave, of his ghost evoked by my prayer, abject terror fell upon them. William sunk upon hiskneea; James, in hia flight, fell over him and sprawled upon the carpet; Ann went ofi into, hysterica; but the little children at my aide knew no fear. They rushed toward him, clasping in their arms, crying gleefully : "Papa is not dead any longer. Papa has come baok i" And aa his armB encircled me, I felt that he had cc>me back indeed—whence and how I scarcely asked myselt. He was there. I, his beloved wife, was in bis armE. My woe had changed to joy. TbiB was what be told me afterwards. While I was from home, a telegram reached him which rendered his presence in a miaicg district at a great distance, imperative. He could not await my return, but wrote a letter to me explaining tbe matter, which he laid upon my little desk. Meanwhile certain' work remained unfinished in tho laboratory, and the only man he knew in whose charge he dared to leave it, was an encestric old chemist of the neighborhood, who lived by himEclf in an out-of-the-way cottage, and waa supposed to be endeavoring to invent an elixir of life. To this man lie sent, put matters in his charge, advised him to exchange his well-saved suit which was npon. the body when discovered, and led to the belief tbat it was that of Mr. Cheeter. In my utter misery, I had not read any of my letters. That which be had left for me, and those he hsd sent from the mines, lay in my desk among the unopened condolences whioh I had ordered my servant to place there, and only when he arrived in his native town did he hear of the events whioh bad occurred there. His wrath waB great, and hie vengeance might have been terrible, for amonget them hia relatives had destroyed a will whioh he had made on the very day our first child was born. But I implored bis clemency. I was too bappy myself to wiah even my enemies to suffer more than they needs mnst from the pangs of conscience, and their knowledge that by their own dedds they bad deprived themselves forever ol their brother's affection aha tbe pecuniary advantages wbieh ft 