AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE ROYAL. The change of bill at the Theatre Royal at- tracted a large audience in the popular portions of the auditorium at the Theatre Royal on Thursday night and appreciative observers in the circle. An adaptation of the late Marcus Clarke's famous novel, "For the Term of His Natural Life," was performed in Adelaide a few years Ago, but we are informed the present version is the only one which gives a royalty to his widow, who was once a graceful orna ment of the colonial stage—the pretty and vivacious Marion Dunn. This lady is now supporting her children by officiating as mistress of a post-office in Vic- toria, and it is therefore pleasing to us to be able to record for her sake as well as for the appreciation of the present company that the play as presented on Thursday was a decided success. It is the best dramatisation of the work that we have seen. Had Marcus Clarke lived to remodel his novel he would no doubt have lightened its sombre pages, which he drew from actual facts and State papers to which be had access iv his position of librarian of the National Library in Melbourne. Unfortunately he died, all too young—one of the most gifted writers who ever wrought on the colonial press. It has been a labor of love with Mr. Dampier to make this drama acoeptable to the public, aided by Mr. Garnet Walch and others, and the col laborateurs have succeeded in divesting it of many of the horrors of the original story while nwA-mgr it sufficiently illus trative of the old convict days to be interesting and instructive to the onlooker. Poor Dawes, in the novel fulfils his sentenoe to the end of his "natural," or what should be termed unnatural life, but the adapters have had compassion enough to meet the exigencies of the stage, and bring the play to a conclusion more meet with the fitness of things in the present stage of colonial history. The plot as presented runs as follows:— fair Richard Devine, a wealthy English {ship builder, is in eager search for his son whom ho had turned oo^years before: and upon the return of this same son the dramatisation of Mr. Dampier opens. An interview occurs be tween father and son —the one exacting, avaricious, personally ambitious; the other noble, manly, honorable, which ends in bitter curses on the father's side. John Rex. an accomplished scoundrel, whom Sir Richard employs to find his son. meditates the old baro net's murder, principally to remove an obstacle to his long cherished designs. He bears a re markable likeness to Richard Devine, and by removing the old father and banishing the son be may assume the name and im]>ose upon Lady Devine, who has not eeen her son for over 12 years. Res meets Sir Richard alone and murders- kirn, though nearly discovered in the act by one Parson North, a gambling cleric. Richard Devine coming across the moor recognises his father's form and while bending over him, is surprised by Rex, who has returned with a Major Viekens, and now boldly charges him with his father's murder. Richard (who is unknown to both) stoutly denies, though he cannot state who he is, on account of his oath and love for his mother. When questioned be gives the name of Rufus Dawes, and is formally charged with the crime by Rex. Mr. North returns to the scene of the murder and recognises Rex as the leader of the coach robbers, though he will uot state Richard's innocence of the crime of mur der, from the fact that be has recovered forged bills from the dead body of Sir Richard which implicated himself. The scene now shifts to Australia, or rather Van Diemen's Land ; we are shown the convicts' settlement, the convicts at work, and all around manifestations of military discipline and cruel rule. The commandant, a Maurice Frere, is especially brutal in his treat- ment, and to none is this more shown than Dawes (Richard Devine), who is flogged, starved, marooned, thrown almost into the jaws of a merciful death, only to be snatched back to the horrors of a tortured life. Owing to Frew's repeated brutality and to the fact that the settlement, soldiers, convicts, and civilians are moving to more secure quarters, the prisoners meditate a mutiny, and thj act ends powerfully when the mutineers are over powered by Parson North, Dawes, and the warders. From this the book is closely fol lowed. In the nest act we see Frere, Mrs. Tickers, and his child, together with that nonentity. Rev. Maekin, thrown upon an nninhabited island by the convicts who have seized the ship. Here Dawes, who has been left behind, finds them, and by daily acts of kindness and manly generosity proves his superiority to the brutal Frere. lie finds food for the ladies, and between Sylvia Viekers and himwlf there springs up an unspoken lore, the one bright speck of hope in the narrowed, dismal life of the wretched convict. One of the convicts, Gabbett, by chance finds the retreat of the ladies and Frere, and maddened by starvation and drink he murdere Mrs. Tickers. Sylvia, who witnesses the crime, loses her reason on the spot and can remember tmriiinp Xhe search party sent oat by Cap tain Tickers discovers the whereabouts of the deserted ones and a joyful meeting takes place. Here again Frere shows his brutality. Owing to Sylvia's loss of reason he is safe, and he boldly charges Dawes with the murder of Mrs. Tickers. The poor wretch is thrown into gaol and doomed to further tortures. From this Mr. Dampier goes away from the novel, and the drama becomes intensely interesting. Dawes sees Sylvia again, but she cannot recall a single incident, and be is flogged by Frere for his presumption. This goes on daily. Frere blossoms into a drunkard, bis brutality is even more pronounced, and at last Dawes is to be hanged. In the meantime Hex has returned home after escaping, and for two years passed as Richard Devine. He is detected, however, and is brought back by Captain Vickers. Amongst the returned prisoners is Gabbett, and on seeing again the murderer of her mother Sylvia's reason returns; she remembers Dawes, whom the loves. Frere ie killed by Rex, and all ends happily in the release of the unfortunate heir to the title and estates of Sir Richard Devine. The piece ie well tstagpd, so far as scenic effects are con cerned, and the full strength of the company is involved in the cast, in which not only the leading parts are well sustained, but also the minor roles, bo that the effect is thoroughly satisfactory throughout. Mr. Dampier has taken to himself the part of the Rev. Mr. North, the clergyman who, having been instrumental in sening Richard Dawes to Van Diemen's Land, follows him there to work out his own scheme of remorseful retribution, and at length is successful in proving the innocence of the wretched prisoner. The role is sustained with sympathetic feeling and a naturalness that makes it very ac ceptable to the audience. Mr. Rolfe gives a very able representation of the convict Dawes, otherwise Richard Devine, aa does also Mr. Appleton of the villainous character John Rex. The cruel and truculent gaolkeeper has a fitting representative in Mr. Harford, wiio acted in a fashion wliich drew down upon him the hisses of the gods, thereby showing how detestable such a being could be even upon the mimic stage, and how inhumanly brutal he must have b^en in real life itself. Mat Gabbett, the cannibal, was an excellent piece of character acting by the veteran Ned Holloway, who looked and comported himself as though he could eat one of his mates on the island, and the scene in which he proposed to satisfy his appetite in this outre fashion was eminently realistic He was ably seconded by Mr. J. H. Martinmas Crow, alias Thin Jack, whose gag'of "a very good dung, too," came in most aptly when it was announced at the end of the play that the brutal Vickers was dead. The piece was relieved with bite of comedy in which Mr. Reg Rede, as the Rev. Mr. Meekin, scored largely, aad the other male members of the company were effective throughout. The part of Sylvia was well sustained by Miss Lilly Dampier, and Sarah Rex found a very able representative in Miss Katherine Russell, her part being the strongest and best of the females. Miss Bilton as Mrs. Vickers and Miss Msrton as Lady Devine were also very effective. The audience re ceived the piece quite enthusiastically, and the curtain had to be raised in response to recalls, particularly at die close of the final act. The members of the company fit the parts in the play better than in anything (in which they have yet appeared here, and "His Natural Life" would we are certain have drawn large houses for a week had it been staged for that period. It is to be succeeded on Saturday, however, by "The Miner's Right." Saturday Popclab Concebt. The twelfth of this season series of Saturday night concerts is announced for tomorrow evening. The principal attractions will be Miss Bertha Rossow, late of the Patey Con cert Company, who will sing three popular numbers; Herr H. Heinicke, the violinist. Miss Lucy Stevenson, and Messrs. Marcus und Holder. . Hudson's Scbpbise Pabtt. A large audience assembled in the Port Ade laide Town Hall on Thursday evening, and were entertained by Hudson's Surprise Party. In the first part Miss May Habgood presided at the piano; Miss L. Linton acted as interlo cutress, Mr. T. Hudson as tambo, and Mr. W. Perman as bones. After an overture by the company Miss Mina Hogarth was heard to advantage in a. ballad, "Dear old Ireland;" Miss Connie Devereux for "In Bitting in the twilight" was deservedly applauded, and Miss Blanche Gerard for her " FU follow thee" was encored. The Permanb then appeared in a double song and dance, and the programme was brought to a close by the sketch "Matrimonial Bliss." The party will appear agaiu this evening. The Fasting Man. Felix Tanner completed the 30th day of his self-imposed fast on Thursday, when a number of visitors entered an appearance and put the question which the taster has answered so many times —"don't you feel hungry." There are but 10 days to run to complete the task, but Tanner does not eeein at aU impatient, and says he is getting along comfortably. The thing that strikes die visitor most of all is the appearance of the "do-withoutfood"showman. He looks healthy and robust, has a nice color, and without wishing to cast any doubt on the bona fides of the fast, it requires an exercise of faith to believe that the fresh, well-conditioned man sitting writing at the table had refrained from partaking of anything more substantial than water for 30 days and 30 nights. Beyond a little weariness shown in the eyes there is nothing to distinguish the faster from the man who has just left a restaurant. Mr. Tanner states that his ability to do without food for so long a period is due solely to will power, and thinks the power to fast for a lengthened time is possessed by all if they would but exerciso their vvilL Cvclorama. About 100 of the boarders and scholars of Hardwicke College attended at the Cyclorama on Monday, and greatly enjoyed their visit. Mr. Lockley gave a most interesting lecture. Mrsic.\L Ghost lixuiiiox. In ppite of many counter attractions this novel entertainment continues to attract tho attention of the public, over 4,000 persons having; witnessed tilt- illusion hinee it was first opened five wocka ago. Concert at the Home yon Incurables. Through the kindmss of the matron and ber assistants a party of lady and gentleman amateurs from the city entertained the inniate3 of the Home for Incurables at FuUarton on Wednesday evening with a drawing- room con cert. Tho large hall at the home was well filled with patients and attendants. A piano forte duet by Misses Pine and McDonald opened the programme, after which Miss K. Pine sang the "The old folks at home" with pleasing effect. Several Scotch songs by Miss McDonald proved very acoeptable. Mr. Drawer contributed "The old brigade" and "La Serenata" in an efficient manner. Mr. Eester Rave " It's English, you know," and Mr. Hosking rendered "(jueen of the earth" in a finished style. Messrs. Tiptaft and Goldsack contributed several selection* on the violin, "The Gondolier waltz" being very pleasingly rendered. A couple of comic recitation* by Mr. Quinn wore well received. The piano accompaniments were played bj- Mi«*'s Pine and McDonald and Mwwp. Goldsack and Qo.skiug. Th<> cntprtaininent was clos«vl by tlie wliolo cjiii • Many singing "Auld lang syne." Social is tjoc Town Hall. The annual social gathering in connection with llio Hibernian Soei.'ty Mr.l: ji].ici> in the Town Hall on Thursday t-voiinig, and was of a most Micoi'M-ful character. About ladU'< and gentlemen wvre present, and a long dancM programme was earned out, Air. X- .). .lustin acting as M.C., whilst for the more Pteady poing folk cards were provided. The evening u&s; a most enjoyable one. 