The English Presbyterian Synod. It is 15 years (sajrs a London contemporary) since the Synod of the Presbyterian Church of England was formed ats Liverpool, through the union of two branches of the denomination that —ere substantially one in doctrine and polity. Since then the church has made encouraging progress, although it is still small in comparison with its sister Nonconformist churches. Th« synod which commenced its sessions on the last Monday in April in the old historic church of Begent Square, Londen, -is probably the largest that has met on English soil since the days of the Commonwealth, being composed of about 570 members, of whom 282 are repre sentatiTe eldera. The retiring moderator, the Eev. John Thompson, M.A., of Newcastle, preached the opening sermon from the text : ' It is time for Thee, Lord, to work, for ? they have made void Thy law.' — Ps., csdx, 126 ; and from which he delivered a telling discourse on man's antipathy te the Bible, and the Psalmist's appeal to Ged to vindicate His word. The Eev. Dr. Monro Gibson, of Sfc. John's Wood, London, the present moderator, is popularly supposed to be an American, though, as a matter of fact, he is a , Scotchman, educated in the States; and commencing his ministry by 15 years' service on the west of the Atlantic, be fore removing to London. His moderatorial address was delivered before a densely crowded church, his subject being, ' Spiritual Dynamics ; or, Human Channels for Divine Power,' and occu pied nearly an hour in delivery, being one of the most finished productions that has been given from the Moderator's chair for many years, and evidently made a deep impression on the large assembly; its salient points, especially towards the close, being taken up and loudly cheered. The following extracted resume of the address may not be unacceptable to many of our readers : ' Salvation,' said Dr. Gibson, ' is the Church's watchword — salvation here and now — of body, soul, and spirit, but the church, notwithstand ing her increased activity in seeking to save men, and to grapple with clamant, social evils, finds herself comparatively powerless. There is much effort, and much xeliance, too, on divine power, and yet results are unsatisfactory. What is wanted? Some link between divine power and human work/ It is a question, of 'conveyance,' the bringing o£ divine power into close contact with human effort. Great attention, must be paid to the human side of the Spirit5 s agency ; ?there must be less transcedentaHsm and more practicality in Christian: work. The service of man must become more and more the expres sion and test of devotion of God. The ase had given much prominence to the 'human side of our Lord's life, and also to the human side of the Bible; and now the great and crying need of the times was for human agency not merely to. do work but to transmit power. It was not an «nt-j-oui -ing of the Holy Ghost that was needed (that was given ftt Pentecost) but an in-letting. The block was not on the perpendicular _ a«, but on the horizontal; men were barring the door of iheir hearts against the influences of the Spirit. What was needed was that we should open our hearts to His gracious influence, so that the cur rant should pass on through into others. The a need of the times was not taooey, not og, not «vangel_tic effort, not ev*n prayer, l saturated with the spirit of Christ, am enough of them to fcre&te; a Christian atmos phere.' . . ? 