COMMISSIONERS TO ÖulOAOO. TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. Sir,-In his letter in your this day's issue, Mr R. O Luscombe bases his control inn Unit "there exists not a ghost of a chance of selling our wool industries is sending JO Commissioners to the Chicago lVclri union" with a view " of arresting markets for our wool exports Um United States on "the (to him) astounding' statement that in 1880 about one-sixth of the wool clip in the world was grown in the United States, viz , 12,0 2000a) which quantity, he notes, is astounding, seeing that it was larger than was produced by all the colours li of Australia proper " To an ordinary i offer I have had their o apply it to be nothing astounding in such a result but, on the contrary, its disappointing, considering that Among an is old enough, to be the grcat- giiindiiiutlior of Australia, and has manager territorial must than " the colonies of Australia proper," making every allowance for those parts of the " States " that an unsuitable for the production of wool The writer points to no milliner ewin Mr. Luscombe- in his advocacy and support of the fair and legitimate rights of labour, but, he fails to see anything but finishings and injustice in the remark that he (Mr Luscombe) trusts that the labour miHiibors in I'liiliiimeiit will see Unit labour interests alone shall Ira soil well. if New South Wales north wind niissKiueis to Chicago " Mr I ascribe evidently forgets that the final tests of capital and labour are identical, and for the public will require equal rape ostentation both in and out of Parliament. Of course we know that the policy of protection wind is Mr Lusiximhi! advocates would, if it had all its own way, destroy generosity of trade and limit common one its own circulars ruled offer of operations 1 enlightened Ainunemi statesmen are pain- fully aware of this fact, having had abundant, proof of its commerce-crippling action, Um M'lCiiiluy Tariff having capped the climax in that direction it is satisfactory to note in your columns to-day that "Colonel Campbell informed your representative that after the next election in Um States one at the flint nets of t to Democrats, who were coming to stay, would be seriously the McKinley tariff and reading the present his is rate of duty on wool to two cents a pound Is it likely, Sir, that Amonio would incur the expense and trouble of sending a poem commissioner to Australia to invite exhibits) of our wool, minerals, and other products if it was not to hold advance go to do in finely not, and I think it a man possessing an ordinary amount of (common service and i mining ml unpunished, must see that Um advantage would be mutual Your readers will no doubt, Sn, attach equally as much importance to Colonial Uunphill'n theory that the representation of the Australian colonies in the States will be largely to our com- mutual advantages by bringing forcibly forward our pastoral and minia al w (mill, and allow- ing the people of the Union that we Kivu wool and tin in abundance to supply them with or soon as their ports are open," as they will to Mr Luscombe's outside pessimistic statements, and probably a little more Emu , _e , THOU. PETERS. September 18. The French jSlhririLor of Public Works has addressed a circular letter to civil engineers, asking them to use their influence to protect prehistoric monuments from the injury often done by ignorant proprietors. It seems that little respect is shown for seed monuments in some parts of France. La Nature speaks of a proprietor who sold in magnificent dol- man," which was to be transformed into " a tomb In a cemetery." 