Blowitz. M. de Blowitz, the Paris correspondent of the Times, who has lately been getting himself into hot water with both Prince Bismarck and Count Munster, by professing to give an account of the causes of the Prince's retirement as described by the Count, is one of the most remarkable journalistic personalities of the present time. A little account of him will show some startling differences between journal- ism here and on the continent of Europe. De Blowtiz's real name, about which there is some mystery, is supposed to be Oppert, and he was born somewhere in the east of Europe—according to general report in Bohemia. He is of a decidedly Jewish cast of countenance and Jewish taste in attire and jewellery. He is not a philosophical looking Hebrew of the type of Nathan the Wise, but rather has the appearance of one who might be in the cigar trade and be able to " do a bill " when occasion offered. De Blowitz is a convert to the Church of Rome, his enemies say because membership of that religion is a good pass- port to French high society, but possibly this is a libel prompted by his phenomenal success in his post as correspondent. He is, indeed, a marvel. He is one of the very few cases of a person occupying a great position in connection with the English press who cannot speak English. He thinks he can speak it, it is true ; but as he is apt to call the persons who sell newspapers in the streets, " de sailors," and commit similar eccen- tricities, his style is somewhat confusing. M. de Blowitz was a professor at a school in the south of France when the Times first engaged him. He was instructed in his duties by the late Mr. Laurence Oliphant. His deficiencies in English are made up for by the accomplishments of his chief assistant, a Mr. Alger, who, as Von Moltke was, is silent in several languages. All de Blowitz's long special wire telegrams he dictates in French to Alger, who renders them instan- taneously into English, and who is also capable of taking shorthand notes of English, French, and German with equal, and almost unrivalled, speed and correct- ness. Just as Alger is one of the best shorthand writers in Europe, so De Blowitz is one of the best of in- terviewing reporters. With all due re- spect to him, it may be said that the qualities in which he excels are matchless impudence and conceit. As for the former he has taken credit, in print, to himself for advising the French Govern- ment in very many important junc- tures ; he has represented himself as talking to Prince Bismarck on terms of perfect equality, and has persisted in his statements despite the Chancellor's most contemptuous denials ; as to all details, he has declared that he forced the publication of the Talleyrand Memoirs, which he got a sight of, though it was refused to Thiers ; and on one public occasion he most certainly undertook to make Lord Lyons, the British Ambassador, acquainted with a new Minister of Foreign Affairs, thereby boldly usurping the func- tions of the French executive. As for conceit, which doubtless is the mainspring of the great journalist's self-assurance, he is accustomed to make sly jokes on the personal appearance of Mr. Alger, who in truth is a little Darwinian in his facial conformation, altogether forgetful of the fact that he (de Blowitz) is a short, squat, fat man, of nearly sixty. What Algeir thinks of his chief has, in consequence of his reticent habits, never been revealed. De Blowitz's opinion of his own personal beauty extends to the length of receiving visitors while he is at his toilet, as though he were Louis XIV. or Marat. The comparison to Marat is suggested by the fact that he once had an Englishman, a visitor, shown up while he was taking a bath. On this occasion his manly form was veiled in a red silk garment of a loose make, the wearing of which tended to the supposition, that, like the distinguished models already mentioned, and like Napo- leon I. as described by Barry O'Meara, he was not averse to conducting his social duties and his ablutions simultaneously. Perhaps part of de Blowitz's phenome- nal success as a news gatherer may not be unfairly set down to his princely salary and allowances for entertainments and expenses. It is said that he draws more money than the British Ambas- sador, whose salary is £9000 a year. But there is no denying that if he had not a penny lie would still succeed in worming his way into secrets and being first in the field. He is so constituted that he would have no hesitation in asking any question, however impertinent, of anyone, however distinguished, and, as for the idea of snubbing him, or repressing him by cool contempt, it would be like the pro- verbial process of trying to choke a dog with butter. One of his greatest feats was interviewing the Sultan, some years ago, and persistently pumping the Commander of the Faithful. M. de Blowitz is an officer of the Legion of Honor, though some of the French papers contend most unjustly that he is in the pay of the German " reptile" press fund. As for his gains outside his great pay as correspondent, he certainly seems to have much liberty in puffing companies and new inventions ; but, as far as can be called to mind, he has never puffed anything that has proved a swindle. Concerning the latest Blowitz escapade, Count Munster is not at all unlikely to have spoken with asperity of Bismarck. The Chancellor removed Count Munster from the London embassy because he was becom- ing too English in his sympathies. M. de Blowitz cannot be called to account in the Continental fashion for revealing private conversations. If that were possible he would have been dead long ago ; and, beside, a German dignitary would, rightly or wrongly, consider himself immeasurably above the little correspondent. Another thing is that M. de Blowitz is not a fighting man. One has only to see him to know it. ————— Yesterday was the first officially recognised Arbor Day in New South Wales, and it was very fitly celebrated. There were addresses by Lord and Lady Jersey, Sir Henry Parkes, and Mr. Carruthers, and not only was the value of tree planting enforced from a strictly utili- tarian point of view, but all the lessons that could be drawn from it were drawn. The resem- blance between the life of a tree and the life of a man was dwelt upon by all the speakers, but by no one with more advantange than the aged Premier. Many of the grown up people who heard him may have differed from him in politics. Who has not ? But no one can have done other than recognise that his speech on this non-political occasion was perfect. If any of the children who listened to him will only culti- vate their abilities as well as, under many disad- vantages, he has cultivated his, Arbor Day, 1891, will be for them a memorable starting point. ————— So after all the day of Irish duellists is gone, and Dr. Tanner, despite his having been educated at Paris, Berlin, and Leipsic, is not going to try his luck with sword or pistol on that historic ground, Boulogne sands. The amic- able settlement arrived at between him and Captain Picard is, of course, not surprising in view of the total disappearance of the duello from among the customs of the United Kingdom, but still a settlement was not such a matter of course as it would have been had the representative of an English constituency, and not of Mid-Cork, been in question. Among the Irish party the duelling tradition lingered some time after it had in England be- come almost a matter of derision. Many years ago there was a challenge sent by the O'Donoghue, M.P., to some honorable confrere who had called him a Sikh ; Mr. O'Kelly, who is still a young politician, challenged Mr. M'Coan, a nor- thern member some time in the seventies ; and the O'Gorman Mahon, who has only just passed away, had in his youth fought duels by the dozen, and up to the last believed in " the code " as providing the best methods for the settlement of differences between gentlemen. ————— If Captain Picard had tackled the O'Gorman Mahon instead of Dr. Tanner, he would probably have found that he had got hold of the wrong sort of man. It is only fair to the memory of the last of Irish duellists to say that he would never have given the offence that Dr. Tanner did. He had sent challenges, but never received them. When asked in his old age about his duelling career he explained this in these words: " Sir, I never said anything that could give any gentleman occasion to challenge me." The O'Gorman Mahon's readiness to challenge other people was an ineradicable propensity. During the time of the O'Shea case he was most anxious to be allowed (by his doctors) to send a challenge to Mr. Parnell, and a little before that he solemnly handed his card to a Conservative member who he thought had interrupted him rudely in the House of Commons. ————— Doctor Tanner's ejaculation that he supposed only the Prussians could make the French open their windows was exceedingly rude, but it con- tained a foundation of truth just as would the converse proposition that only a victorious foreign enemy could make the Prussians open their windows. On the continent of Europe people are greatly addicted to sitting about in the open air outside cafes, &c.;, but when indoors they are morbidly afraid of draughts. Hence they appear to people of Eng- lish ways to have that love of stuffiness that raised the ire and contempt of Dr. Tanner. ————— Duels between Irishmen and Frenchmen have been numerous enough, but in the more notorious recent instances the outcome has not been en- couraging to the Irish. One of the earliest encounters—that shortly before the great Rebellion of '98 between the Irish Secre- tary, Sir John de Blacquiere, a gentleman of French Huguenot descent, and Beauchamp Bagenal, a celebrated Parliamentary duellist— was a drawn battle of the most glorious kind, the combatants exchanging several shots and most politely begging one another to take aim and not fire in the air. Later, in the pages of Marryat, there was a glorious Irish victory, in which one O'Brien, having divested himself of his boots so as to have greater agility, rushed on a French officer and ran him through with a sword, afterward explaining to the youthful middy who is hero of the story that the most dangerous man with a duelling sword is the one who knows nothing at all about its use. In actual practice this maxim does not always hold good. In the early days of the second French Empire a sporting writer called Dillon wished to establish his reputation by fighting the Duc de Grammont Caderousse, and, trying charging tactics on the O'Brien plan, was immediately run through and killed. There was, four years ago, a case in France in which the combatants mutually transfixed each other, but recovered because the blades of their swords had been annointed by a prudent doctor with an antiseptic. In ordinary trivial sword duels, where there is pretty equal skill, the combatants keep at such a distance that there is generally not much more injury received than a wounded arm. ————— Experiments for producing rain by means of explosives have been successfully tried in America. Happily, there has been no need to resort to artificial methods in order to secure a plentiful supply of that sort of thing in New South Wales of late. Still our average experience of dry seasons is certainly such as to lend more than ordinary interest to the news from the United States with respect to tapping the clouds. This was accomplished with dynamite exploded from balloons. The result is said to have been a downpour of rain from a sky which immediately before had been cloudless. In connection with this matter the fact will of course be recalled that the way in which the atmosphere would seem to have been often suddenly affected by the enconnters of modern armies would bear out the theory with regard to explosives and rain. The short but bloody struggle that ended at Waterloo was ah ever memorable illustration of it. It was mid- summer, and the weather promised to keep dry. But the night previously to the final battle which Napoleon was to fight, and early on the morning of that eventful day, the rain fell in torrents. There have been numerous instances of a like kind in days much nearer to our own, the record of which no doubt will be easily remembered. Touching the American ex- periments, were they not, by the bye, to some extent anticipated nine or ten years ago in Queensland by our old friend, Professor Pepper. of ' ghost ' celebrity. ? He was certainly reported to have struck water hi ;a similar way to that of eur American cousins in Texas. 