HYPNOTISM. I wish I had never seen him. I wish I didn't always want Co know the reason why. I wish I wasn't perpetually troubled by an impertinent curiosity. Why couldn't I have been content with what I had got in the " Encyclopaedia" and "Inquire Within Upon Everything?" Why should I be always poking as an intelligent inquirer? It has cost me exactly ten thousand pounds. I ain his only nephew, and I corresponded with Uncle Boultby ever since ho emigrated as a steerage passenger seventeen years ago. You see, Uncle Bonltby had been very kind to me as a boy. He used to take me out fishing with hiin, aud give me shillings ; that is the kind of uncle a boy likes. And when Uncle Bonltby was shipped off to America with a siugle£5 note in his pocket to take his chance, I believe I was the only person who was genuinely sorry for him. And Uncle Bonltby was quite aware of the fact. The reason of Undo lluultliy's expatriation was, as grandfather put it, that he didn't know how to say " No." Uncle B. was nobody's enemy but hi* own—that is to say, he got drank whenever he had the chance, For ten years Uncle Boultby worked , as a common navvy. In America, you know, yon have to work or starve ; there are no societies in America, as there are in England, for making tbe life of the working man beantifnl; it is simply that—work or starve. Then Uncle Bouliby, after ten"years, had a slice of luck; be bought a share in a mining claim, and in five years he made ten thousand pounds. Then he came home, and informed me that I was to be his heir. He bad been at home a year; he had bad one attack of delirium tremens that brought him to death's door; then, by my advice, he allowed himself to be incarcerated under the Habitual Drunkards Act. He was discharged as incurable after six months ; he began his old tricks again, and I bad reason to believe he would not last much longer. So I went down to Plymouth to look after my Uncle Boultby. T was sitting in a first-class carriage in the Great Western express with an uncommunicative person in a tweed suit. His luggage was on the rack; it consisted of a Gladstone bag ; there was a label on the Gladstone bag. I stood np to read it under the pretence of opening the ventilator. I read the name Professor Tadger. I was rather pleased than otherwise. What a lot of information I might be able to extract from the Professor if I only went the right way to work. I remarked that it was a fine day. Professor Tadger nodded. I said that there was very little in the paper. Again the Professor nodded. I tried to get into conversation wit h bim by the usual devices. I could get nothing out of him but nods. What's the use of being a professor if you don't profess? Perhaps, I thought, after all the fellow is ju6t a common conjuror, or a corn- cutter, or a hairdresser. They often call themselves professors. For a whole hour the Professor had been reading silently a black book in German. All I could make out was tbat the author's name was Moll; if I had only known German I could have found out what the book was about. Suddenly a very extraordinary thing happened. Professor Tadger began to stare at me in an excessively rude manner. I turned my eyes away. When I looked again in his direction he was still staring—btaring in a way that made my flesh creep. Was he mad ? He frightened me. " Don't look at me like that, sir," I cried. " Aren't you well ? " and I was abont to seize the handle by which you communicate with the gnard. "Don't alarm yourself," said Professor Tadger very suavely; "Ionly wanted to see whether you were susceptible to the influence. I fancied that you would make a good subject: so you would, if vou didn't resist." Then he explained to me .that he took a great interest in what he called hypnotics. " Ah," I said laughingly, "you've got a show; if it's at Plymouth I'll patronise you. I'm going to Plymouth." " So am I," said Professor Tadger; " bnt I haven't got a show. I take an interest in tha tiling simply as MI observer. I am a biologist." " Do yon mean to seriously say that it isn't bosh ? " I asked. Professor Tadger only glared at me. " Sleep," he said, very blandly. That's all I remember till I found myself rubbing my eyes, and seated on the luggagerack in front of Professor Tadger, for all the world as if I had been a performing monkey. «• Why don't you come down?" said Professor Tadger. " Do you believe in hypnotism now ?" It was a very curious thing. I remembered perfectly well our conversation np to the point when the Professor had said "Sleep," bnt I remembered nothing more. I felt very indignant indeed, and X oame down from the luggage-rack; then I felt for my watch and I felt for my pane. They were all right. " Ton have played a very unjustifiable trick upon me," I said. " Not at all," said the Professor, " not at all; it was no triok it was an experiment, I am successful with about 80 pee cent, of ordinary subjeots." It is not nioe to be called an ordinary subject. Then he began to talk about hypnotism. I didn't believe half he said at first. " Yon should get over that feeling," said the Professor. " Hypnotism is a ' very in teres ting subject, as you would acknowledge if yon had seen any of our experiments at Oxford. If you had a logical mind, yon would see that you didn't get up in the lnggage-rack, as you did just now, of your own free will That ought to be sufficient to convince you that hypnotism is not nonsense. Were I so inclined," he added, with a little laugh, " I could relegate you to the luggage-rack till we reached Plymouth." There was no withstanding that argument; I caved in at once. *' You see there is nothing wicked or uncanny or diabolical abont hypnotism," said Professor Tadger. "You should disabuse your mind of any silly idea of that sort. It is a subject we know very little about; but we should approach it seriously, because, you know, it is a thing that will, eooner or later, be probably introduced into ordinary medical practice. I am not a doctor, bnt I have hypnotised a great nntnber of people, and I have often been able to relieve pain. FU give yon instances. A person comes to me suffering from neuralgia. I hypnotise him. There is no mistake whatever about the neuralgia; it haB perhaps lasted several days; the face is swollen. I can remove a headache in the same way." • I don't like the thing," I said. "There is a good deal too much nanky-panky for me. Besides, I have seen lota of tne so-called experiments, and it always appeared to me that tbe poor devils who acted as subjects were simply accomplices who received payment to make themselves ridiculous." *' That may or may not b-; the case," said Professor Tadger. '* I look upon it as a very sad thing that people should be hypnotised for the amnsement of his fellow-men; but there is certainly some good to be got out of hypnotism, and the study of the subject, the ultimate benefit of the human race being the object in view, can do no harm. There is nothing like a crucial test," said the Professor. " We are both going to Plymouth. I am stopping at the Royal. Here is my oard." He gave me a card on which was inscribed— PBOFESSOB TADGER, College, Oxford. " Now, I will tell you what I will do for you. If you will present yourself at my hotel with three ordinary individuals between the ages of eleven and five-and-forty—old people and yonng children are bad subjects, that is why I make the suggestion as to age—I will show you a very extraordinary experiment. You shall bring with you a new pack of cards in its wrapper. I will hynotise one of the subjects. You shall select a card yourself whose face I shall not see. I will place the oard in the hand of the anbject, back towards bim; I will tell him that is a photograph of, say, tho Prinoe of Wales. He will obey my 'suggestion,' which I make in a sufficiently authoritative manner, and he will agree that it is a photograph of the Prince of Wales; and to him, please to understand, it has ceased to bo a playing card, and, after my ' mandatory act,' to him it is a photograph of tbe Prince of Wales, and nothing else. I will direct him to throw it upon the table. You shall fling down the rest of the pack, back upwards, ^ponit; and, well mixing tbe cards, yon will watch us both as narrowly as you like. I will then simply say to tho subjeit, 'Which of these photographs is the Prince of Wales ? ' He will unhesitatingly select the card originally hauded to him." " Professor Tadger," said I, " if you will do that I will believe all you say—nay, more; I will give you a tostimouial." " It is very good of you," said the Professor ; " but I am not in need of a testimonial." " Can you tell me," I said a little severely, "of any permanent benefit to anybody which has ever 'been produced by hypnotism ? " " Oh, certainly," said the Professor, affably; " there are innumerable recorded cases. I am not a doctor, as I have told you, but I have cured three habitual drunkards." "Tbe cures took some time, I should think? " I remarked, derisively. " One sitting was enough," replied the Professor, with a smile. " If you do the card trick," said I, " you shall try your hand on Uncle Boultby." The frofesBor expressed his readiness to undertake what he colled " the experiment with the playing-cards," and suddenly took an immense interest in Uncle Boultby. We reached Plymouth. I went to see Uncle Boultby. My uncle's doctor told me he didn't think he would pull through. The same evening I oaU^d upon tbe Protestor with three "subjects," chosen haphazard. The Professor's triumph was complete. The experiment with the playing-caros came off at the first time. I took the Professor straight over to Uncle BouIti>y's place. Uncle Boultby was very bad indeed—he didn't even recognise me; be called me Julius C.taar. And when I introduced the Professor, my poor uncle said, "Oh, Professor Pepper, of course. I hope he hasn't brought his ghost." Professor Tadger sterol at him rather sternly. "Sleep!" he said, in a firm voice, " Sleep!" There were no passes—no hankypanky of any kind. Uncle Bonltby's head dropped back, and he went off as sound as a house in an instant. " Open your eyes and listen to me," said the Professor, in an awful tone. Uncle Bonltby opened his «yr« and the Professor shook his forefinger at him. "When you wake," continued Professor Tadger, >" you will hate all kindi of mnen, spirits, or fermented drinks; tbe smallest quantity will make you horribly eick. Yon will turn teetotallei! Wake!"added the Professor—"wake!" Uncle Boultby did wake as thongh from a refreshing sleep. " I wish you good evening," said the Professor. " I hope you'll get better." Then he marched out of the room, and I haven't Bt rn his face since Uncle Boultby did get better—be pot well; he turned teetotaller; he af e his Ctristmas dinner with us. There was jnat a little brandy in the pudding, which we had forgotten. It made Uncle Boultby horribly ill. Uncle Boultby is going to be maraud to- morrow. 1 am going to the wedding. I fei 1 as if I were going to my own funeral If it hadn't been for my cursed curiosity abont hypnotism, I should have leen the better by £10,000. As for Professor Tadger—bother Professor Tadger!— St. James's Gazette. 