UNDER FALSE COLORS. CHAPTER III (Continued). There was a silen ce in the house that could be felt-a solemn, strange stillness, like the presence and awe of death Early in the night, in busier streetsbeyond the square, the ,of l( wheolp jmd 'split their,hum .and ,whirr ih; many cohoes io'j-jroitJq Tuiid jfyyist against the .closed windows of /fclio old, but. these -had. died away and . through the now,.thorp rang,only tho iron tongue 1 :p£i the .city,iploqfe. squiidjng “one” in tiy> ■ghostly clamor like' the.startling cry of. some jghostly race. (1; ; ‘ , '/, v 'j- . . t I , A, No sleep had, touched Ahiy’iS.oygUds. r 3?®nt (Up,griof8,had; burst forth, in .sofitudo,, wij3' her .pillow,. was .wpl/with-/tears.,/ JCho ib<|- ! rqavcnioht .and bitterness of orphanhood ,wcrc ,hb\y upon,her—never.still tins , life ofaolitudo, and pain, agrid tho gruusomq . ness of on unwholesome loneliness, 0 and -(to®' 'chiU of a miser s,frown. "> ..... ,,r» !, As, she had ..taken her, solitary, way to. the to her, the bach length, and Height, of- the .great,, solemn. stairenos had filled!her, mind. 0 \yith< vague fears.. Each flightidfVsiai^.sqbnied. taking her: nearer , to some, unkno wn danger—each stop carried lidr,further from help ; u the,-dark walls, wore ; fiiU of. warnings—her pwp .shadow, which her flickering caudle.flupg weirdly,;,in\her palhl seemed .beckoning her. on to. r some dreadful fate. Ilcr heartixwifc’wildly, as /she .camp at length withip tho shelter of her room, and closing: the ,dbor wjth «■ trembling hand] flung,.'herself down by, tiro bedside to weep comfortless till tears : wore .exhausted; , I- I All her ’.young, happy life, was. past and gpnprrit >vas lying dead in.- the grave , of her dear mother., How coldand cruel this huge] sunless'city hadrsoeined tp.Hor/.as she drove through its dark streets In ’ the,, chill of the hibfnjrig.; but hpw much polder, how, much crueller itscemcd now when the .day .wad done—this, first day ,-wbich had. killed hoi| only hope' of, love and kindness and brought her into thisnight of hitter lonely sorrow, j if morbid thoughts such as. these, and somo sou-pity,‘ mingled with her prayers, it is no wonder for/.she was young, and , her heart craved for love,and shrank apppallcd at., this I now loveless lilo—this now. cruol home in; which solitude .and secrecy sat jCrbuehing, like invisible tenors whoso, dreadful presence' she felt,in .every, vein. And, she. laid her young, head on her pillow,, and grief and tears grad-j urilly. subsided,, terror took their place. A> thousand, hurried .thoughts and vague fearsj be-bt her. Slip was so far', from nolp, Jior uncle’s rboih was on the ground .floor at thoj back of the .dining-room—a long stretch ofj staircase, a dismal waste,of empty rooms and. closed, doors,. I,ay between her. and., him. . If j evil .men, tempted ,by, the .report, of his! nbhes, wore to break into this lonely t house, [ and alio, heard., their stop or voices, howf should, she Wake him, or get him to,save] himself and her? ' ! Bu;/as the ,hours wont creeping op through j show and darkness,, not a sound broke the' stillness accept the ccho . pf. wheel's, .passing ; bn to. loving homes, . or, the, moan ,of -the ‘ Wind bs it shook faintly some snow!, laden i wihdpw in one of ( the ghost-haunted, locketj i room. .’/! 1 One 1 . The. hoary,/boom, from Bti Paul’s camp! ' through tlio ‘ thick' air with • solemn ; strength,' then followed weaker, sharper voices clamoring forth the hour, hurriedly, as if in i haste to hide, again beneath/their bells, and | fin'd there a shelter from, the bitter night, i >. When' tho clang had ceased, the ,silence igrcw more , intense, and .through the, silence camp the falling of tho snow, soundless !as ’thp'’blp!ud-8hadow8 that fall on flowers, yet ‘strangely palpable. to Amy’s sense, ns in ithought she sawltjoying a white veil bn her mother’s grave. ! Suddenly right through tho stillness there, came a bound sharp and clear. The unlocking of .a door I There was no mistake about tho 'sound—there could be no mistake. Itwns.tho unlocking arid then the opening of a door. . ‘ ■ ■ . i Starting up In, terror, her eyes wildly , open, Amy, listcnod. ; then struck a . light, and' nas tily wapped herself’in a thick black shawl. She fplt.it impossible to, remain heyo alone, ahb wohid gb down to! her ancle’s , room ,at all risks. She ’ opened the door cautiously, candle" in hand, then, she thought the light wbuldhetray her/ and shp .turned’ back , and! Siaccd it on the table,' then pursued her wav own the stoop flight rbf stairs, and through the' harrow passage which led to the .grand staircase. Here she paused and listened. All again, was.blank silence. ‘ For a moment phb persuaded herself that her own fears had cheated her Into' the belief of sounds not existing, but as.the thought came to Her a light 1 flashed up. the great staircase, and a, shadow .followed it—tho shadow of a man. ; Thbgirl’s heart'stood still Within her. .She j •had no power to think.,or jriovo.- Every nerve i for tin instant was paralysed. While she I stood! thus motionless she heard tho soft, clos- j ing and rclocking of a door. Then came footsteps—footsteps ■ ascending, .not 'descend. ] |ng ' tile stairs. As those stops ' came on : slowly in a certain, cautious, groping way,; tlio light grew brighter, the'shadow more,,do fined. She'saw it creeping along tlio wall, asbending higher and higher' at every step. Hw long Would it he before the figure of the robber would ho visible, lib lyould roach her, and she should stand face, to 'face perhaps with death? The thought gave her, tho courage of .despair., She drew, nearer, to the balustrade, and clutching/it she learnt oyer and looked, down the .great, well-stair-. COSO. '■ , ’Almost at tho same instant the ascending figure flashed into v|ow-!;tho light shining about his palo, : wild face, and with a bound of the,', hcayt sho recognised/ her, uncle. Shrinking with a npw 'foar she drew back against tho .wall, trembling and wondering if ho had seen her. Involuntarily sho glanced, at him again, and saw the same’ fixed look’ upon,his face, as if' his mind v?qro' concen trated upon one object arid ho.saw that alone. His stop, to*, viva unchangcdj hot. hurried, and yet slighlly unccrtain ns ho came steadily upwards. , ,, , ; Shrouded in darkness as she .was, and wrapped in her black shawl..she felt sure now ha had not seen her, and wishing to escape lost ho,should think she yvos spying on his, ' notions!shb 'drew'within the narirbw, passage and rind fled swiftly and noisblbssly up, the stairs., bfero aho : paused to think,, .and listen, and Whqt cbiUd ho bo doing wandering through the glpoihy house. at tills hour? Would lib Unlock Another of those] doleful, closed rooms mid visit,itj . And if eb, Avhore fpro? What did ho keep within them that lie should oomo 'thus in the' dead of night to look at the'safety of those looked doors? ■ J . As sho stood thinking thus, 'the* coming light almost flashed upon hbr face, and she !saw witll horror that hor unolo was asoonding tho*garret stairs. 1 Ono glance, just taking iri‘ Ills fixed, white face, ghastly pale; •■and 1 strangely (solemn; and sho fled before it like a swift. There was no tlmb to roach her own room, the 1 ■ door -of > tho - lumber-room was 3 barest, •*> she sped withih it, and fluttered own behind a dark pile of shapeless things, breathless and nearly fainting, j Another moment, and the steps came across tho landing, then paused for a single second, the next, and tho door was pushed gently the light -travelled on tho dingy rafters,'land Amy know that only the dim pilo> of lumber by which she crouched stood be tween her arid Mr. 1 Maxwell. > ! ! <■ --*• , CHAPTER IV. . • Tho.hcbp of broken furniture that screened her .had jftahy a criibk arid cranny in its piled' cbhfusioh, and through them she saw her urielb’s' flgrirb’ dietirictly. Ho hold the light In h>n right hand, and beneath liis loft ai’rij ho oarrica two pots of withered, flowers.' splitting’the light down on an 1 empty box, ho took them’ in both hands, almost tenderly, arid spoke te himself in' a subdued voice; w : ithored already?' 1 DA all things die; In those haunted rooms? And J, live still f Yes/ ( &by; ailj ’dib;. and I remain rilbho; Forsaken! Forankbn l ' Xibffc dcsblato to bear ti dry and withorod bld ngo rind to dio alorio at last like a wounded' tvolf whom''all!the world Hates.” ] With a’ pitbbus, look; hb/turnb'd his white wrinkled' teeb’frbjH',side to si do is though' listening for some expebted sound. Then ho 'rfiobk hishoad sadly: U I thought it was a, stop/ bat nb/ I am stiU blond.' /And,yet When A heart Js- turnod towards .homo, weary/feet 'mighlt 'foU'ow’/l't at any hbur—yes, any Hour df tlio night or, day '' So it bohbrbs' mo to! ho rbady—always rbady,' arid—there is noth ing wanting, I think. ” ' . ! iHo/puiondlund'tiprih/his' forehead,as if in thought/ thon 'mnrmurbd : ' 1 No.‘ Thayo for gotten nothing. Tty> room is it ‘wfw 1 1 brig rigo/hoforo—boford this ’ loneliness fell' &oVM;’’‘V’ /■' r ~.’ ■ “ j Again he stepped, him kneeling on lho floor/liq pldcbu tlio. 1 flower pits (n a row with’ ! thb irian ! roth,or8 stending dry nnd Ivithbrod .against Ibq;waU// Wlibn hb had 1 done this,! Iio ! i)MBO(r'Kis hand over 1 ‘thq/dry atoriis, while q Paint laligh.brokb' upori his Ups,': “lb was’a 1 gobd.idcri. / Thcy’il ; “novor search here.', T : shal lb riffle thbm.all, Three years—three; i times fifty, a •i maat tlio rtuinbor,” ’ ’ i * lib roso from his kudos, took the; ids ; hand, and. .went slowly I through the doorway. . , j .pasap'jl/hy ' girl?b frightened eyes I fixed 1 themsolvosJJJriiou his white'face, 'and 1 with a thrill' of terror;she recognised the truth. He slept, aridsho had been watching the strange, ; fantastic acts! of !a somnambulist. ! Slio started up, arid Saw ■ the glimmer Of’his' light, and his pale figure orooping.ghosfc- likothrough tUb Astro w; ; pass age, and would have: followed to see hifri -go, isafdlylidown flight ; 'of ; the great but amow and' suddori sound i-chained’ nor> to the 'spot, rind 1 brought her again crouching to thofloor ih ‘ amazed ,'Tcar. £tt was the opening of the skylight. Tt : ' was pushed back by n strong hand,' and os it’ire-' icodod some or the' snow that 1 had nccumu i dated on the gloss fell with a thud upon the I floor. 1 • ■ ■ -■ - ■ ' •' | I Hush, "said a voice, “that noise will • never'do;' i , w “It was , the show,” -said another 'voipc, in almost a whisper. “I told you this was', a h*d. night for such an affair as this,”’ Our footsteps will bo'seen 'all over the leads.” ; Xush l Go'on and never' fear. Who is to look for them? There is no one but. the gyrl, and sbo'll ncvor think of it. " She'is 'aromivntic simpleton, I ‘toll you, and will believe rillisho is told.” ( All tiro more reason for :i trying my plan,” rcturnccl the other, with ' a faint attempt' at a laugh. It js, a deal safer, too, ilhan this.” “Wo have argued that ,out already., j. The risk would bo'absurd; arid this'is safe enough. .Who do you think over comes to this part p£ this old den of a house? Ho .sleeps on the ground-floor, and tho girl is, doubtless, near him. Go on ! What are you stepping Tor? Mv hands are getting numbed with the, cold." “I don’t boo how I can got down, ” returned the other. Alt is dark below ns a bag of soot.” ■ ■ , 1 ‘ “Swing youi'solf off by the beam, then lid go, and drop on tho floor. It is no groat drop; you won’t break your bones. ” Another instant and the ‘thing was done; a young man had sprung 1 lightly to the floor, and stood beneath the skylight rubbing his hands together as if they wore slightly hurt, or .stiff with cold. Now that tho skylight was lifted and tho snow had fallen from the gloss, a faint glimmer ’from the moon and from the white snow upon the roof shone : down upon the man’s face, making it dimly visible. \ 1 • I , It was a face to bo remembered—handsome, jaded, weary- and bitter, with recklessness in every line, and defiance in tho dark eyes. I “All right?” asked’ the voice without. ! “Right ns the devil can make it,” answered the other. “Are'you coming, you grey-headed Mophistophelos?” “ Not yet. ; Go quietly to the head of the stairs, and ascertain if all is silent. ” \- “ Coward!” said the young man, between his teeth. ►But ho went,'apparently knowing his way well; 1 and passing Amy so closely'that she felt iris breath reaching her warmly in the cold air. ‘ 1 , ■ ' In a minute ho returned with a more Stealthy' step, and standing beneath' ‘ tilo’ skylight, again ho lifted his face eagerly to wards'his invisible companion. ( j “It’s no'go;” he said, ri very low voice.: “Tho old nmn is up, and prowling through the rooms below. He has beard -us.” ■“It can’t be-”' 1 I ' “It can—and what’s more, there is a light in the garret close by. Tho,girl sloops there,, doubtless, : Jusfc like him that” “Whatdobs it matter for>tho girl? She is easily managed.” j “.Look hero, you may say what you ,please,i I’m not going tp hurt,tho girl. Give ’mo a 1 helping hand, unices you want to ho flung; Ipto tho street when I reach you. Quick ! the; thing has.failed, and there’s an end.” A hand was stretched down, , a. spring made upwards, and in an instant the tall, lithe 1 figure had disappeared, and with a. low mur-; imir of voices tho skylight was pushed back; again into its place, and ail was. .darkness j and silence. , | It seems like an evil dream —al nightmare,; growing out of fear and solitude—ns Amy; i rose from hor orouchog posture and revolved in her.own mind what she ought to do; But tho raoro she considered, tho more Uncertain and bewildered grew -her thoughts. An in- I vincible reluctance held hor hack when she strove to persuade herself to seek her uncle. She could not relate one ; cirucmstanco with out’divulging tho other, and 'an instinctive I feeling, scarcely definable, made hor firmly !resolve not to confess that she had seen and I hoaclr him in these strange wandogsrin of his jsloep., Worn out with weariness, and - fecl jing certain there was no longer any danger 'in the night,' she gave up her mental conflict iand sought for rest, putting' off her decision itill the morrow. . Tho first awakening in a new homo brings •over with it some sense of. mystery, some (shadowy fear of the unknown, but,to Amy it brought not only these, but a certainty of (coming danger of tho knowledge that upon .her devolved the necessity of averting it, , , Ignorant of London, almost a foreigner, sho 'knew not wliat steps to take, and, yet sho felt she must act promptly, and, if possible; she j would do. so without confessing to her uncle ) hat she had seen him, as well os tho in jtonded robbers. In this lay the difficulty. And were they robbers? 'That handsome, ■jaded, weary face, how it haunted . hor, ns, upturned, with tho moonlight shining palely Ion ite sad, and haggard beauty, it came again and again before her eyes, as.m that strange Ivision of the night. . , f She arose so early that Mr. Maxwell was not yet stirring when she wont slowly down the dreary, dust-ladon staircase. Tho closed doors boro a new nspeot to her, and sho paused before the silent mystery with a thrill' of pity for tho sorrowful secrets of dead lives locked within them. Almost with a shudder she turned away, afraid to lot her thoughts rest too much upon tho solitudo and silence pressing upon hor young life so 1 hardly in this dismal dwelling. 1 Below.sho busied herself with .household cares, then wont to tho dining-room and un closed the shutters, and lot in ■ the wintry light, and saw tho heaped snow lying white ori the yet unfcroddden street-. The second window looked on tlio square, and as she opened this sho glanced across at the plane < trees, and mot the face of tho friendly pol iceman who had helped her tho day before. A thought struck her instantly, and. sho 'beckoned to the man to come to her. Leaning from tho window sho told him in a few words ' what had happened. ■ He .listened intently, making her< repeat 'hero and there, some small detail. “There is an empty house hero <noxt door,” bo said. ‘■.That’s how it was done; they got into that \- and thanoo to tho roof. ’V > , “Then they can come that way again?.” Amy' said in. terror. - ’ ■ ' “1 l*ppo thoy’il try it miss. Wo shall bo ready fob them if they do." ; Ho smiled all over bis face, and then grow grave again in on instant. “But I’m' of opinion they are no common thieves; their game is something deeper, and they may not tfy such a desperate plan again. ” • “ What makes you think so?” Amy asked. J “Their way of talk raissj which you have repeated ; there was no thieves’slang in it. And the young man had ho 1 the look of a burglar about.him?” ' A sudden color suffused Amy’s face, a strange contrition touched her heart. “No,” she said, shortly. Then she .added, in quick tones; “But how can Iitoll? I never saw a burglar. ” : i i “Very good, missyof course not. I mean had ho ft’Tow, coarse, hard face? : Most of those men have.” ; j The weary aspect, the.! marred beauty and pnin.of that face on which the moonlight foil, | crime to Amy’s memory as sho, answered, | hurriedly ; .“Noj no, ho was not one of those. Bull 1 cannot describe him—you must not ask me." . ' j 1 “Perhaps you wore too flurried; miss, to notice much?” ' ’ 1 Amy di'd riot answer. 1 ,“Woll : , you need fear nothing to-night;' : you-11 bo protected, and I hope to bring yoiv nows soon." 1 1 " , I Ho was going away, but Amy slopped' Kim. I' cannot go to rest willy tho syklight in that insecure state;” she said. | “Then you must got it repaired-miss; that \yill bo easy enough'to manage.” ; i “But Tiowcrin I do That without telling the tjruth to the servant?” ; > ; ’ . 1 ‘ ; “ You must not do that; it would 1 bo ho very 1 qnsafo thing. Toll her the snow has fallen in, and the skylight is broken, then lot her send I tor her‘friendTom < to mend" it Ho is oar-j printer, and 1 will ’db tho job'woll 1 .”’ 4 1 | j “ But tho girl can-bo-truHtod l think, ” Amy ‘said.’ ..v ' > -..-i ! “ Tboro’s rip'fa |h .tho,girl* iriiss, but, in these.things if'wo .aouH keep pur. own’,' cowv 'sol, liiqvQrJl ,iyo , "chnnoo of catching these tferi,*”' \\\ - ■" Iv' i ■ ’ ! “ But I must toll niy undo," returned Amy, douhliuily. . \ ... | ; j “If you’ll bp,g6ou,enougl| tpijM) advised by, you' won’t for. -the ' present ; TAv, } ‘ 'I|Irixiyell is.ari. old man, „and; tiipld, ,and a ri fright like this would. ao«lilm harm, ,,, pose,; too,,jlqw','’’fori (riritri»bc-->mind, 1 r.dpn.t Hiiy it is. suppoao the, pcruon I bus peotis not. Unknown, to. him? Well, then, wo might as well ,put : riff gi’ioving him till >yo ' Vi./- t ..j . { “Toh, I jaid eagerly, .softipply- uudev- I atamllBgTHin.i “Then l’ll .be <silent till you >, , tell/me to speak*”• ; L, miss, that’s best.' One tiding !, more. - .You’dknow that ,young man -’aUy r whore, .wouldn’t•yod?’5v; ’■■■.. • •*.* > I s A strange look of fear and pain'- -camo - into • Amy’s, eyes. ‘.‘Yes,-any whore,” sho sat'd; and ► shutting thowindow hurriedly she turned i away, repenting, of her answer. -•* - ' j • L - • At (breakfast her undo was grim; 1 and 1 taci '• turn—ho scarcely greeted-her; his -face wore . a,harder look; no watched her furtively, as i flho nte. , “Bread-!is,^dearer," ho said,: «Ud ■' donly, “and that girl oata whole loaf yes tordayi”- . . '■■■'. .!' - f > Amy-flushed; her hand-trembled><a little , as she put, down hor cup. “Lizziohas' a largo appetite, uncle* J '-, * > . /‘X know—1 know;, and there’s two of you but tho:girl is.honest Sho cats, she doesn’t carry away; ono has to choose, you soo.” , ■Ho relapsed into silence, but in another in stant his eyes, full of n cruel anxiety; w6rc on her again. Amy pushed back' her plate— sho could catno more. He drow a breath' \ of relief, and pulled tho bread towards him but .of ber read). “Soohero; toll.that girl to bolj economical.to-day;- A little—a-very little— dinner will do for mo. : She'ctn-got-it'at the usual place— I pay them once a week—and there .'is to be nothing oxtnv, as there was yesterday. .The'money for your dinners is in tho old plufec.” , . - ■ Ho.pushed back his chair, and stood loan ing on the back of it, his, eyes fixed bn Amy’s small, busy hands, os- sho removed their scanty breakfast* ‘<1\. think you can work;”ho said.: “I forgot to tdl- you last night 1 have procured an order from a shop for ;six drawings. Two must ba'finished' this , week. You can paint? You aro not deceiv ing mo, I hope?” . ’ , “The drawings shall bo done,” said Amy, as a hot flush flow over her taco.“ 1 am very— “There, I don’t want thanks. Talk neither sows -nor reaps, but there’s profit in labor. Lot mo see: you work for tho bread you cat —that’s all I ask” ! An indignant answer flow to Amy’s lips, but ono glance at tho worn, furrowed face, haggard, as with some now pain, checked her words in pity. 1 “There’s Wiley’s knock! l ; m going. The money; you know, is.on the chimney piece. It!s enough, I think.” Ho looked kaok, and as. hie; eye foil on tho slender, drooping figure of his niece, tho shadow of a wistful ;relenting darkened them. Ho put his hand in his, pocket, but drew it out empty, aiid hurrried away. CHAPTER Y. “Only oightccnpcnco to-day,” said Miss Gobbler, “1 thought sich generosity as ho showed yesterday would come to a hend quickly. Well, wc shan’t starve to-day, and we shan’t feast. You look awful scared and white, miss. Did the ghosts come last night-*” “ No, Lizzie, but the snow has broken the skylight in the lumber room. You must got Tom to repair it while I am out. I am going to buy some paints and' drawing paper,” ; lb was* with a heavy heart Amy won't forth on her errand. There was no shop of the kind she wanted in the dull street, so slip 'passed through it into another and another, till she found' herself in ono of the great arteries of tho city running to tho west. Thfe stream of people passing her, the countless vehicles, the whirr of wheels, tho sense of strangeness; all confused her mind, and after making her purchases, 1 she took a wrong turning and wandered farther to the west ward, till' sho stopped bewildered,, knowing she hnd completely lost her way. The ‘ day was ono of those when a dense, chill fog renders,traffic dangerous. Tho lamps were lighted, making darkness visible, but they scarcely aided tho wayfarer; and tho slushy streets were fast freezing over with a thin coating of ice, which rendered every step a slippery danger. Weary, timid, and per plexed, Amy had scarcely courage to accost a stranger and'ask her way. And even when she had done this, tho directions given her did but puzzle her the more. Although un-i aware of it, sho wits' close upon Hyde Park, in One of the fashionable thoroughfares, abutting on a square of palaces. Hero, in ac cordance with the directions she had received, sho attempted to cross over into the square ; at the same moment a carriage dashed round the • corner, invisible in the fog till close 1 upon her; sho started back, but slipped on the icy roadway and foil. For ono instant she was conscious of a frightful danger, ns tho trampling hoofs of the horses sounded close upon her fhinting cars; the next, she was caught up in the strong arms, and carried safely to tho pavement. “ I hope you arc not hurt,” said a pleasant, mellow voice, which, even in her faintness, camo to Amy like tho echo of ono hoard be fore. Sho opened her eyes and saw bending' over hor tho handsome,' haggard face upon; whose paleness and moonbeams had fallen 1 beneath the skylight. 1 “I am not hurt," sho answered hurriedly, i and so saying she strove to free herself 1 tho arms supporting her. “I am glad of that,” he answered, “but ; you are not able to stand alone yet. You look very white and frightened.” At this Amys’ eyes fell; until he spoke sho had kept them fixed on his face, and she felt they were full of terror, and, perhaps, of pain. Her color rose a little before his earnest look; she tried again to move away from his firm clasp. “I assure you I can stand,” sho said, in a trembling voice. He withdrew his arm intsantly, but sho herself clasped it now to save herself from falling. “ I thought you had mistaken your strength," ho saicl quietly, ns he again sup ported hor. All this had passed in a few moments, and in tho meanwhile the carriage had stopped and drawn up beside the pavement A thin, old 1 lady, with a high nose and face wonderfully wrinkled, put hor bond out of tho window. |“I trust tho young lady is not injured,” sho -called out in a sharp voice. , “Sho declares hcrsolf unhurt,” relumed :thc gentlemen, taking off his hat, “but she -is much shaken and very faint.” “Dear! dearl” said the old lady, in a dis tressed way, “what shall I do? Where docs she live? Aro you a friend of hors? Aro you going to take her home?” ■ These'questions brought a flitting smile to •the young man’s face. “I nin a perfect 1 stranger to tho young lady. I saw hor fall, and caught hor up from just before the. horses foot.” “And saved her life,” said the old lady. “Fmsurol am much obliged to you. It would have boon very awkward for mo if my' carriage bad run over her.” “It would have been moro awkward for her,” returned tho gentleman. \- “ Yes, yes. And so you don’t know who ,pho is?” : “ Not in t-ho least except that I perceive sho is a lady.” ; Halt fainting and too agitated to sjieak, Amy heard this short dialogue but imper fectly. That tho stranger had saved hor life, and- the old lady was asking her name, were the solo points that sho clearly understood. Sho was rousing herself to speak, when n sharp exclamation from tho old lady stopped her. “Why, it is Mr. Meredith, is it not? sho Said, peering through tho tog, and putting up hor glasses to hor oytls. “ Bless mo 1 how was it I did not recognise you?” “ I suppose tho fog obscured your eyesight. Lady Hartland. ” “ Not at all. It is because I thought you wore abroad, and so you did not come into [ my mind os playing tho knight-ofrant hero. ” 1 “I only returned to England a few days j ago,” ho answered. “You aro bettor ij hope,” ho continued, turning to Amy, who had now relinquished her clasp of his arm. “Much bettor, thanks, 1 think I can* walk homo now,” j “If t-ho walk is long I am quite sure you arc not fit for it. ” J Ho made one slop forward, and leant on .the carriage window, saying, in a low voice: “You must drive hor homo, you must, in- ’ deed, Lady Hartland; it is the least you can • do after nearly 'killing her. Sho is shivering 1 with cold, and sho can scarcely stand.” 1 “Well, put her in a cab and take hor homo yourself.” - 1 t '' | ‘ “ Do you suppose she would allow mo to do ■ that? I, a stranger, whom she has never scon before, 1 shall not ask hor." | ; “Ah, woll, 1 ’ returned tho old lady, as hor ■ liawk-oyos beamed almost caressingly on him. You always get your own wav.' ' I only hope she does not live In Kentish 'town, or some Huoh - far-oft 1 wilderness. ” If Amy had stood still and' silent' during .this Abort colloquy, it was from'shear weak ness,) and 'inability'to take ■ a single step. She ‘had catch nothing sinco hor scanty breakfast; tho-cold had seized upon hor, and 1 tho ' shock nJnd'tOrror'Of the fall still' made 11 ’her 1 giddy, Sho felt that to walk homo, was imOosihle. Tho dismal length of foggy - streets, the - un known road,, all niado her heart sink,, and her isbanty- pvirso was empty now; tho security of -iv cab was out of hor reach. Hor oybs : wore full of teal’s when Mr, Meredith again ac cOstod hor. “ Lady Hartland is anxious to (drive yon home. I think you'had 'hotter ;ae ohnt hor offer. Will you tell hor whore you live?? ... •• ■' ■ ■ ' “And. your name, ony dear. What j« y6iu\ name?" asked Lady Hartland) with her hook nose and hor koon eyes beaming down in a very close and scrutinising way - upon the alight, shivering girl; as sbo drew near. - (TO HR CONTlNUWn.) ';i ■ ! 