trasttotho melancholic, suicidal condition he ex« hibited a short while ago. At a bound he oeemed . to. havo leaped from the depths of despair to n state of extreme hilarity, aud in justice let it be said that this was I -not assumed, for was ho -not freed from penury 'and tho carking cares it entails? His sister's saddened face passed unnoticed in the sun shine of his own renewed prosperity, and thus it came to pass that a high-souled, self- sacrificing girl became the victim of two self-seeking men ! (To le continued.) SUNSHINE AFTER CLOUDS.; {Cop:;r-(/JiS,) By an M.D. Author of ' Under a Spell,' ' Victoria Cross Valour,' ' Science an.l Sin,' ' In Love with a Ghost,' ' Condemned to Death,' &c;, ko. JHA1TKR VI. THE MARQV1.S WINS. The hot noonday sun was pouring its torrid rays over the village nf St. Braeques, when Jack Hrandon ?descended to breakfast on the day following 'his visit with the Marquis do Dijonnais to tlm club. Brandon's temper was evidently as fiery as the sun, for none of the outspread delicacies met with apprnhation, nor did his sister's attention to his ?wants elicit anything hut expressions of disapproval. Human endurance has its ?limits, and Ethel's patienot'! at last gave way. beneath her brother's ac cumulated load of vituperation. 'I shall leave you to your own devices until you have recovered your politeness,' she exclaimed. '1 suppose I ought to say I am sorry for such an exhibition of petulance,' ho retorted, gruffly. 'But the stilling heat is enough to upset anyone's, temper.' 'I will take that as an apology, although it is a rery poor one,' answered Ethel with an appearanco nf vivacity. 'Now, what are your projoi^s for to day?', 'I hardly know yet, but De Dijonnais will ba hare to a lunch A I'Anylaist, ana he will make UTitngements for ub.' 'Surely you cannot mean that the Marquis intends calling here to-day?' exclaimed Ethel, changing colour. ' And, pray, why should he not ? ' asked her brother, satirically. 'You probably know the reason as well as I do' answered Ethel. 'I only imagined that he had better taste.' ?? You are right. I do know why lie should be conspicuous by his absence ; but in still continuing his visits he is acting by my advice.' ??Tl'ien I must blame you as well a.s the Marquis for such an utter want, of good feeling,' said Ethel, angrily. ' I cannot help it,' replied Jack, roughly. 'It is my duty to get you married as well as possible, and as such a chance as this will never occur again I don't intend you to lose it.' 'You are an altered man since we have been in Franco,' replied Ethel; with a little sob. 'You nevuv used to treat me. so imperiously or lose your temper so frequently. 1 am sura you must have something on your mind! Tell mn-whafc it is, Jack, dear. Is it a money difficulty ? Have you been gambling ? ' Brandon started violently at his sister's question. For a moment he stared at her with a terrified ex- . pression, and then lowered his eyes and bow«d his head on his hands. A painful silence, ensued for sonic minutes, until he slowly raised his head and looked furtively at his sister. 'What are your grounds for assuming me to be a gambler ? ' he asked in a low voice. 'This ! ' exclaimed Ethel, holding before her astonished brother the piece of paper she had picked up the previous evening. 'Good Heavens!' ejaculated Brandon. 'Surely De Dijonnais has not been so mean as to make you a present of that ? ' 'No, he is not quite so bad as you think,' replied Ethel. 'But I verily believe that he encourages you to gamble so as to get you into his power, hoping by this means to make sure of me. Now, a man who can act in such a manner is a villain and unfit to associate with gentlemen ; I therefore beseech you to pay him this money, and at the same time announce your intention o£ returning to England immediately. In this way I shall avoid nis persecution, and you will be able to drop his acquaintance.' Brandon did not respond to his sister's exhorta tion, but his face grew more haggard and his brow contracted with a sharp spasm of pain. 'I cannot do what you advise,' he gaspud out, 'for I am more thoroughly in his clutches than you imagine. This I.O.U. is only one out of many such, and if ha were to press for payment I should be- utterly ruined.' 'Oh, .Tack, why did you allow this man to trick you ? ' moaned Ethel. He knew that I would re ject him, and consequently planned this foul method of gaining me through your misery and ruin! But he shall not attain his ends, even if I have to beg my bread to pay him. Come, I say, let us face our misfortunes boldly, put our joint capital together, and get out of the Marquis's clutches.' 'It cannot be done!' groaned Brandon. 'If I were to realise your money as well as my own, I should still be two thousand pounds short. There is only one chance left me, and that is to keep steadily to the gaming table until luck changes. I assure you that I have not a gambler's madness, and have long been tired of the whole business. But what could I do ? When I discovered a fort night ago that I had become so heavily ' dipped, ' I felt compelled to continue to play until I had re couped my losses.' 'Don't go near the tables again,' pleaded Ethel. 'You would only keop on losing, but as it is wo can settle everything except two thousand pounds, and the Marquis must allow that to stand over. I can easily get a governess's situation, and I do not think you would have much difficulty in obtaining a good appointment. Let us do anything rathei than be beholden to Moos, de Dijonnais, or attempt to raiao our fallen fortunes by a continuance of this detestable gambling.' 'I say, Ethel!' suddenly exclaimed her brother. 'I seo the way to clear off a quarter of the sum I owe. Give me the document you picked up.' 'What, do you want it for ? ' asked Ethel. 'To tear into very email pieces, and thus pay oft three thousand odd pounds worth of debts,' replied her brother. 'Is gambling at tlio root of all evil, Jack ? Hub it so blunted your sense of honour a* to allow you to take such a despicable advantage of an ac cident ? ' 'The Marquis has had many on advantage ovei me, and I think it would only be a perfectly fair return,' said Brandon, sullenly. 'I do not believe that I have lost all my money fairly, and thereforo ail to see tho harm in destroying a piece of papei I was foolish enough to sign under the influence oi excitement.' 'If we are poor, if wo are absolutely destitute -i means to obtain our next meal, let us still preserve the priceless, gem of honesty. Let not the Marquis cast it in our teeth that our honour flew away with our riches, but rathor let him toll his friends .that a son pf Albion prefers poverty to a tarnished name.' 'You are right, Ethel, and I am a miserably weak fool, whose head is half-dazed with the contempla tion of the misfortunes my unpardonable folly has brought upon you. What is the position to which I have reduced you ? That is the question which .has harassed me for many days, and I could only ovade it by hoping for your alliance with De Dijonnais. When you shewed mo your determina tion to have nothing to do with him, I grew moody and irritable, and began to treat you badly. But my affection for you has never really waned, and the only reason for my attempting coercion was that I might save you the pain of knowing my foolish conduct, by urging you into a marriage with a man whoso silence was to be purchased by your sacrifice. In plain language, I was a coward, and intended to victimise you rather than face the reproaches with which you would receive the news of my having wasted your fortune a3 well as my own.' 'I do not blame, you at all,' replied Kthcl. 'You aro a very young man, and the Marquis is con siderably your senior. He has traded upon your inexperience with, I believe, a settled determination to effect our ruin. His plot is successful, and it now only remains for us to look bravely into tho future.' 'Good Heavens, what an awful future ['ex- claimed Brandon, with a sharp ring of anguish in his voice. 'I can see nothing but abject penury before ub! I was not brought up to n, profession; lam totally unqualified for mercantile pursuits, and I could not slave at a desk all day long. I am fit for nothing; I cannot even dig, and to beg 1 am ashamed I My life haB beeoni'j a perfect -fasco through mad folly; it is profitless, aud not worth living.' i A dark, gloomy, remorseful tone pervaded every word uttered by ...Brandon, aud produced a feeling of alarm in his sister. He had evidently acquiesced lu her resolution to reject any furthat offer from Do Dijonnais, for lto had ceased to urgo her on this point. He had also tacitly consented to tho return of tho I.O.U., and by giving up these two things tho very ground seemed cut from beneath his feet. There appearsd to him no other chance of salvation, and Ethel, therefore, interpreted his last speech as containing a vague threat of suicide — that last resort of the ruined gamester ! 'Despondency is worse than useless,' she said. 'You are a man with strong arms and intellectual brains, whereas I am only a weak woman, but with sufHcionfc resolution to conquer tho world at'd evolve a future happiness out of our present misery. I am determined to look forward hopefully, and you in your manhood must do the same ! ' 'It is useless for me to strive,' he answered. 'I have wilfully thrown away ray chances, and must tneretoro pay.tne penalty, l nave no power to earn a living, and had better make room for those who have.' 'You aro a coward!' replied Ethel, with an as sumption of anger she was far from feeling. She, poor girl, hoped to arouse within him a spark of indignation at being so stigmatised. Anything was better than his fixed hopeless look, which told that he was morbidly brooding over an awful deed. Could she but change the current of his thoughts, could she only lash him into furious anger — she felt that he might bo weaned from this horrible idea. She tried very hard ; she hurled at his head every opprobrious epithet her gentle tougue could utter, but it was all in vain, for ho sat desperately silent beneath them, aud refused to wince at tor most poignant shafts. Wlrilst she was thus occupied in battling with tho demon of despair,' tho door bell rang, and a moment after De Dijonnais 's voice sounded in tho hall. A tremulous feeling of horror ran through her as she listened to the deep tones which, till very recently had conveyed nothing but' pleasure to her, but which were now associated with the darkest moments of her life. She glanced at her brother.as he dejectedly sat with his head buried in his hands.and seemingly oblivious to all else except his own misery'. He was not the man to face misfortune with a bold front — his present pitiable condition would reveal his weakmindeduess to the merest outsider ; neither was it safe to leave him alone with his maddening thoughts until hours of reflection had cooled them down to less sombre tints. Ethel was in a dilemma. She dared not leave him in such a mood. yet. if, was imperatively necessary that she should have n. final iuterviow with the Mar quis, and tax him with his iniquities with all the indignant force of which she was capable. Tho events of the last few hours had taught her the. lessons of a lifetime. n nd one of these was the valuo of promptitude. After the slightest-, hesitation, she resolved upon her course of conduct, and as the servant entered to announce that the Marquis awaited her in the drawing-room, she approached her brother and took his hand. 'Jack, dear, I am goiug to see Monsieur de Dijonnais. Will you promise to await my return, for I fancy I have found a means of escaping from all this dreadful poverty, and I should be glad to tell you that I have been successful ? I have made up my mind to meet him halfway and make certain concessions ; so cheer up and look forward to my coming back with good news.' 'Trust a woman's quick wit for solving the most hopeless problem ! ' exclamed Brandon, raising his head and brightening up. 'Go, Ethel, and may success attend you !' He did not inquire what the project was which had bo suddenly changed her firm acceptance of poverty into a hopeful glimpse of comfort. He was quite content to hear that there existed a chance of her being- able to retrieve thei* fortune, and there fore forebore to ask questions the answers to which, if allowed to go unchallenged, might tend to his further humiliation. Ethel's head was aching and her. heart throbbing with wild tumultuous despair as she left her brother and passed out to her interview with the Marquis. For a moment she stood still in the passage 'and leaned against the wall to support her tottering limbs aud trembling frame, and to' regain an appearance of composure she was far from feeling. There, in solitude, she fought out her battle, ...con quered, and went with a calm face to voluntarily forge the links of her harsh fate. Other women had before now surrendered themselves to a lot no harder than one she was about to choose and for much less noble aims ; they had survived the shock, had become good wives and happy mothers, and had at last come to regard the heartbreaking sorrow which had modified their lives as an unpleasant incident of juvenile folly! Time would be as merciful to her as to others, and she might therefore con fidently look forward to contentment, if not to actual happiness. Tuose Uiougnts passed rapidly through fter mind as she stood holding the handle of the door, hesi tating and dreading to enter, yet longing to get tho interview over as quickly as possible. In another instant her timidity vanished, and she entered the room with admirable self-possession. 'Son j-iur, Madlle. Brandon I' exclaimed the ? Marquis, irith a gay and sprightly air, just as if he had never proposed to nor been rejected by her. 'I have had the good fortune of securing tickets to view the lateBt collection of Assyrian antiquities. Will you come ? They are well worth a visit,and I think you will be amused, for they contain amongst other things a choice assortment of articles for tho feminine toilette, including stibium-pots and dyes for beautifying the hair or complexion.' The Frenchman rattled on for some minutes with excessive volubility, as if desirous of hiding the awkwardness of Mb visit under much talking. At last want of breath forced him to pause, and gave Ethel her opportunity. 'This visit is unexpected after what took place last night. Has Monsieur De Dijonnais forgotten the etiquette upon which he used to pride himself ? ' 'I crave your pardon for my breach of the observances,' answered the Marquis. 'But I refuse to be banished altogether. If I could not see you I should go mad. Why can wo not be friends although you will not marry me ? ' 'How can you suggest friendship under the circumstances?' asked Ethel. 'Do you recall ti- mind the threatening look with which you favoured me last evening as you bade me adieu ? ' 'Ah, you mistake!' said the Marquis, vehemently. 'It was an expression of disappoint ment — deep bitter anguish — at my rejection.' 'It is a very peculiar method of shewing dis appointment. Did you also mean to convey a similar sentiment in certain words you used which I con strued into a threat to employ an underhand way of forcing me into a marriage with you ? ' 'Ah, what ia thiB grave accusation you are bring ing against me ? ' said the Marquis, in an agitated voice. 'Your conscience is already accusing you I' replied Ethel, who did not fail to notice De Dijounais's agitation. 'But 1 protest that ? ?? 'Excuse my interruption,' said Ethel, breaking ia upon his protestation. 'But I require a straight forward answer. Will you assure me, upon that honour you set so much store by, that you have never thought of coercing my inclinations by some subtle proceoding, such for instance as reducing me to povorty or getting some ono dear to me into your power ? ' The Marquis flushort vividly and then his face assumed a pallor which was almost livid; ho turned sharply round and walked to tho window, where he stood for a few moments without replying Xo Ethel's searching question. Although his face was turned from her, yet sho knew by the convul sive agitation of his arms that her words had called forth some powerful omotion which was rending his heart in twain. At last he moved from the window and slowly approached Ethel's chair. 'Your words havo wounded me deeply,' he said. 'Is it necessary thai, I should answer such a question ? ' 'It is absolutely necesaary.' 'Then I deny that I have ever sought to further -ny suit by the dishonourable means you have sug j'.'H'.ed,' said the Marquis, in a very low voice. A flush of indignation spread over Ethel's feature? .vhilss listening to this denial, and her eyes flittered with a contemptuous light as shs took a liooo of paper from her pocket and handed it to Da Bljonnais. 'You accidentally dropped thfe IasS night. . I restoro it to you intact; with the request that you will let me know how many more you possess bearing the same signature.' * Be Dijonnais' aelf-possession again deserted him as he glanced at the tell-tale document. It was plain to him now that Ethel had ample reasons for her searching question, aud that an absurd piece of carelessness on his part had given her tho clue to his plot. What could he do to right himself in the eyes of the woman he worshipped with too blind a devotion ? If he failed to remove the terrible sus picions she entertained against him, he would be for ever humiliated in her sight, for she would never forgive such baseness. 'I will tear it up ! ' he at last exclaimed. 'What care I for your brother's money if its possession cost mo your esteem \' . ?'Its destruction will not -wipe out the debt,' an swered Ethel. 'If the sum of money named on it was fairly won, it must be paid whether you hold a security or not.' 'But, for your sake I wish to cancel the obliga tion. Surely it cannot matter to you if I choose to refuse the money ? ' urged the Marquis. 'I decline to argue tho question,' was Ethel's freezing answer. 'I make no terms with a man who has forfeited all title to my respect.' 'You are pitiless, merciless, as hard as a stone ! ' 6aid De Dijonnais, beginning to get ruffled' at her uncompromising attitude. 'Do not force me to say some bitter truths in revenge for all your con tumely.' 'You do not possess the slightest power to wound my feelings, and therefore I do not dread your re velations.' '(Jan I not put some passion into your marble heart?' exclaimed the Marquis, irritated beyond en durance by her undisguised contempt. 'Can I not make you writhe when I tell you that you are irre vocably ruined, and that I am the man who hold* every franc of your fortune ; that to me your proud beart must look even for daily bread ? ' Ethel leaned forward in her chair, fixed her eye» calmly on De Dijonnais, and gave utterance to » bitter laugh. '1 thank you for telling me what t knew before,' she said. 'I was perfectly award hat the man who has driven my brother to tho verge of suicide, and who has voided upon me th« most crashing misery conceivable was Monsieur da Dijonnais.' Ethel's voice faltered at last. The recollection of her impending ruin and her brother's disgrace was he filial straw upon her overwrought feelings; the future revealed itself to her excited mind in such a sombre guise that she broke down and wept bitt rly. In an instant De Dijonnais was by her side, protesting his devotion in a wild torrent of words which she was at first too agitated to notice. As she became calmer she remarked the dejected and grief-stricken air with which her companion was regarding her, and sorrow, perhaps, made her some what more compassionate. 'I never thought I should utter such words to a gentleman as I have to you., but if they have been too intemperate, you must attribute it to my great affection for my brother.' 'Your generosity puts fresh life into me,' ex claimed the Marquis. 'But I iiave merited all tho harshness you have dealt out to me and more, for my devotion to you was so overpowering that I threw aside every principle of honour in order to make you my wife. My love is a species of mad ness, which, notwithstanding your scorn, still prompts me to commit all sorts of crimes to win you tojmyself. I am humble now, Ethel, and plead to you to save me from the awful abyss of despair into which life without you would plunge me. You are my Worship, my Religion; I can see no higher truths without your assistance. Help me then to save my soul, my honour !' 'You ire well aware that I have no love to giv» you,' replied Ethel, whose heart was touched by De Dijonnais' passionate appeal. 'You know that I had given myself long ago to Gerald Gray. Never thelesB, should a loveless wife seem desirable, I am ?willing to engage myself to you upon the under standing that on the day of our marriage you give m ? my brother's debts us a wedding portion. I need not explain to you tint I am sacrificing my self for Jack's sake — that I am selling my free dom to redeem hiB fortune. I desire you to make no settlements upon me, for I have sufficient to keep me should I become a widow.' The Marquis was stupefied at this- unexpected turn of events. The very thing he had been scheming for, almost bartering his soul for, was now offered him, and yet he hesitated to accept it ! His mind, blinded as it was with its idolatrous worship of Ethel, almost declined to accede to such a stupen dous sacrifice, involving, as it must, the unhappi neas of its beloved obiect ??i await your answer,' said Ethel, after a long silence. 'Take me and pity me,' exclaimed De Dijonnais, throwing himself at her feet. 'I have tried to act generously, but have failed. My love is too absorb ing or too selfish to raise me to your pitch of heroism,' and whilst I rejoice in the thought of one day calling you mine, I experience a bitter feeling of degradation that I cannot be noble enough to release you from what must prove a hateful bondage.' The Marquis was deeply moved as ho =wke. Passionate love and soul-felt remorse tyrannised over his mind in wild stormy gusts, and convulsed his frame with their violence. He was 'a sight mist pitiful' in this final battle wherein he yet a' tempted to redeem the honour he once had esteemed the most priceless possession of the Da Dijmnais. He could not surrender this sweet English girl for whom he had staked so much— more tb»-i she could possibly dream of even if he were ouly a mere adventurer. For her sake he was prepared to sacrifice every high principle he formerly held dear, and to destroy every chance of happiness she possessed. Though the mental com bat only served to strengthen his resolution, yet it proOuced a self-horror which^ made him Ioatha himself, Ethel was in total ignorance of all the tortuous ways by which the Marquis had effected his con quest. She knew only that he had won her brother's fortune, and had offered to restore it sooner than lose her esteem. Now that her excitement had toned down, she felt she ought to admire such generosity rather than condemn it ; aud then his very evident hesitation to accept her as a sacrifice bespoke a greater nobility of character than she had given him credit for ever since Bhc had discovered the fatal promissory note. She finally seceded al together from her vantage - ground of indignant accuser when the Marquis exhibited an agony of soul which seemed to her the very acme of moral suffering. 'I deeply regret that my woras liavu so Wounded you,' she gently said. 'They were unjust, or they would not havo called forth such strong emotion, and I wish to retract them.' De Di jonnai3 stared aghast at the pity and regret in her voice. 'Say no more ! ' ho exclaimed huskily. 'Say no more, or my good angel will returD and I ?hall lose you for ever. Listen 1 ' he continued, seizing her hands. 'To you I look up as a re pentant sinner to his God. It your face were turned from one, if you over looked coldly or bitterly upon me, I should feel as if I were thrust from heaven. ' I could not bear. it. l could not exist out of the reach of your smiles, and I should cease to be. You may imagine such devotion, sucU absorbiug passion, to bo the outcome, of an ill balanced mind. Perhaps it is, but, bo it what it may, it is to me the only object of my life, and upon it I have staked everything I hold dear. Therefore, in the future that is before us, promise me, as a return for the love aud devecioa with which I shall surround you, that you will not lot these gambling incidents embitter you against mo, and that you will not taunt :no with tho method whereby I obtained my wife ? ' '?I will be generous,' answered Ethel, touched by the depth of tho love he displayed. 'I know the duties that will ba required of me, and will Btrivo to carry Uiom out honestly.' 'Thank you I ' replied the Marquis simply, though with a pathos in his voice which shewed that he was powerfully affected. When, a lew minutes later, the engaged couple entered the dining-room and told the momentous news to Jack Brandon, that gentleman was petrified with astonishment, or rather pretended; to be so. for his quick penetration had divined Etihel's inten tions before she had gone to her interview with the Marouis. His appearanco presented ,« marked con I / 