A STRANGE COMPANION. "Dead men tell no tales. Humph! I know better. Never believe such an. absurd assertion, madam." It was a talli thin gentleman, with a gloomy countenance, and a hat of the som brero style, who made this remark to me; and he came upon me in the wood path, very much'as though he had been a ghost. Of course, it was not consistent with'tho laws of etiquette that he should speak, or that I should answer him, but I scarcely think that it Mrs. Grundy herself should encounter in the woods, between post-oflic and farmhouse, a gentleman with such wild eyes, and such a curious way of rolling theom about, that she would think of anything but mollifying him. Certainly I did not. ,I at once agreed with the stranger, and walked rather faster than before. SI trust you are not afraid of me, madam," said the stranger, noticing this latter fact. "I sincerely trust that m" abrupt address has -not alarmed you. I have been so long exiled from society that I scarcely know how to address its fair orna ments. I have no card; no matter. You're not alarmed, madam?" I said I was not. " As I saw you pass Lice spot whero I lay. under the trees, madam, it soruck me thatL you were exactly the person I desired to con fide in. I consequently hastened after you. Perhaps, too, I may have desired to wain you that if you desire to be rid of a trouble someperson, the very worst way is to kill him. Shut him up if you can; chain hlim in some black dungeon; but don't kill him. I; you do, you never can get rid of him again -never, I assure you; never. 'You can loci, and bar a living person out, but dead ones come to you in your most private rooms, and stand at your bedsiice.-Aen vou wake in the night, sit at your table, folt?owi ever you go.". ' Here he looked over his shoulder, and 1 involuutarily.looked over.mine., ' . l'J you'ro jealous oi anyone, madam, don't kill her, no, io, no it's verytoolish." S"Nothing,"I instantly agreed with him, could be more foolish than to kill anyone." And I was gladtto know he held to his belief, and hoped ho would continue to hold it until I reached the farmhouse of the Simpkinses. "I am glad that we agree so well," said the stranger. " Madam, excuse my want of courtesy. Shall I offer youmy arm over this rough pathway?" I replied in a voice that sounded to my own ears, like the bleating of a very meek young lamb, that, if he pleased, he must ex case me. I was obliged to hold up my dress. He instantly assured me that my word was his law. " Before I made my grand mistake, I was known as Polite Patterson in the very ele gant circles in which I moved," he added; " but since that I've become a recluse. It was a grand mistake. Yes, yes; I never should have killed him, never." I involuntarily gave a small shriek. " You realize at once how very foolish it was," said the tall gentleman, twisting his sombrero; "but, yes-I killed him. I was very fond of her. Her name was Pamela Peyton, an heiress -that, however, was nothing to me. I loved her for herself, and she smiled upon me until he came; and lie was younger, handsomer, better than I. Ali I yes, much better, much better. A pat tern young man. Mothers begged their sons to imitate him; and I-well, I confess madam, that besides being called Polite Pat terson, I had been called Wild Patterson. Yes, yes, it was the mamma who forced her to send me away, I know, I know, and who encouraged him. Pamela liked me-poor Pamela-but I was driven away like a dog; and I saw her walking withl him, talking with him. Once, yes, once I saw him kiss her. At that moment something happened to my brain. I've never mentioned it to anyone, but I tell you now in confidence. I heard it snap. That is how I temporarily lost my judgment and killed him. Beg par don. Did I step on your dress ?" I said-" OOh no, not all," in a much meeker bleat than the previous one. " Yes, yes. In my native town there is a long street well shaded with trees, which is known as Long Road. One evening, just in the gloaming, I saw him walking along it. I walked a little behind him. On his little finger was a ring-a diamond. I knew he had bought it for her, that lie would give it to her that night. I began to hate him as I never hated him before. I began to make my grand mistake, by believing that it he were dead, he would be out of my way. I carried in those days a knife. I drew- it from its hiding place. It was sharp. It trodden so softly that he had not heard me. He was humming a little tune, the tune of a French love song.- The knife I plunged into his back, and stopped a note in the middle and completed my mistake." The vista of leafy shadow spread long be fore us, and I dared not hasten my steps. " Yes, a great mistake," he said; "a very great mistake. He lay on his face there, in the moonliglt, and I heard him moan once or twice, and then gasp for'breath. After awhile le was still. Then I stooped and touched him. How cold he was! On the little finger of the hand, that had clutched a tuft of soft springgrass in his dying agonies, her ring glittered. It looked up at me in the moonlight like a demon's eye. I rushed away and left him lying there. No one would ever know that I had killed him. Where do you think I went madam? Straight to Pamela's house. I had not been there for two months, but I strode straight past the servant and into the passage. The window was open. There were no lights in the room, but the moon fell across the floor, whiter and brighter than I had ever seen it before. Near the window sat Pamela, but before I could speak, I saw that we were not alone. Someone had entered at the door with me, and passed before me now, and sat down beside her. It was the man I had just left dying in Long Road. I saw his sunny curls, his handsome face, the ring on his little fingel. I saw him take thering off and put it on her finger, and as he turned to do so, I saw the knife I had stabbed him with sticking out of his back, and saw that he was white and stiff as dead men are. I don't know any imore about it. I don'tknow what I said. There was a trial in court, and a prison, and I saw him lying in a collin, and five minutes after sitting on a chair beside me. I've seen him ever since, just when I did not want to see him. For instance, now. There he comes. Excuse me for leaving you. I used to be called Polite Patterson in my youth. I know I should escort you to your door; but I can't introduce a dead man with a knife sticking out of his back to you-to any lady. Adieu." To my great relief he snatched off his sombrero, made a low bow, and dashed away into the woods again; while I ran the other way as I never ran before in all my life. \- In five minutes Imet little Tommy Simp kins driving home the cows. and in five minutes more, was sate within the farm house, where I narrated my adventure. " You've-had n lucky.escape," said Mrs. Simpkins. "I wonder you're alive. That's the loony gentleman'that lives in the hol low. =He must-have gotnaway from the man that watches him.'i believe he did kill a young manwho ct.him out with his girl twenty years ago, and he would have been hung, only they fouhd he was crazy. He was in an asylum a long while, but his folks are rich, and they have him kept hero now. I believe ho's not dangerous, but he's rither strange." At the time, I considered this a mild de scription of- Mr. Patterson, anil thanked Heaven that I had escaped violence at the hands of my strange companion. . " Slave, I have set my life upon the cast," was the quotation made by the orator; but the printer put it-" Slave, I have set my; wife upon the cask." On BOARD A REconD SASERna.--For ward Watch-' Eight bells, and all's well.' Sea-sick Old Lady-' He wonldn't say so if he knew how badly I felt.' CORRUrTInG INsFLUENoF.-The minister -' Johney, are you a good boy ?' Johney -' No, but I was before your little boy moved into the neighbourhood.' Anursr--'I am thinking seriously of presenting one of my paintings to some public institution. Which one would you suggest ' Candid Friend--'Theasylum for the blind.' SHE LEcT EAlLY.-Miss Antique (school teacher) -' What does w h-i-t a spell? Class-no answer. Miss Antiquo-'What is the colour of my skin?' Class (in chorue)-' Yellow.' PASSEcsER (sboring numbered key to stevart of steamboat)-' Can you tell me where to find my berth 1' Stewart(who has been imbibing too freely)-' Yeeshirl In the family Bible.' 'Ms, the minister is coming.' 'What makes you think so I Did you see him 1' 'No; but I saw pa take the parrot and Icrk it up in the stable.' 