THE STORYTELLER. THE SECRET OF THE SCRUB Bv ERNEST FAVENC. CHAPTER V. SILENCE. Sleeping on it only increased Frank's wish to go, if it somewhat weakened Hartridge's desire to stop hini. Will was very fond of his brother-in-law. They had been com rades together in many a long trip with cattle, ami in many a wild scrub-ride, and the idea of Frank facing any danger that he was not 1 iv his side to shore was very dis tasteful to liini. Still. Frank was 110 green horn, and lie felt sufficient pride in him to believe that lie would come well out of any trial; and, to use an Americanism, would probably be the top dog in a light. On the whole, then, he thought it would be best"to let Lockycr have his own way, and with that detennination they met iii the morning. It was some time before Frank got an opportunity to speak to Miss Ecclea alone, and then it was only on the feeble pretext oi asking lier to go down to the garaen on the lank of the creek, to witness the asto nishing growth of some melons they had planted. As a preliminary, he confided to her the fact of his first meeting with Metcalf, and his suspicion that he was the man who had been near her lather when he died, and who pro bably possessed himself of the horses and whatever money and papers relating to the silver lode he had in his pouch. "If, as you Mem to think, Miss Eccles, that the clue to the discovery was so worded that nobody but your father coukl understand it, why, his action is plain." [[ How so, Mr. Loekyer ?" You think that it is probable that lie may have a vague idea of the locality- somewhere within fifty miles say 'Yes, I believe it is in the M'Donnell llanges." " Ksactly.and it will coBt more money than has to get out there. I am to iind that in return for a hypothetical share. Once out t iere, he trusts to luck, and some hint from ii naP°rs he has to find the right place." But hovi' will he explain uot being able 'Straightback there He will find some plausible yarn, good i;w V T * tm"'" 'pu ? service to you." ".,he(firl held out both hands effusively. v°w ??? J0U ate ." e'ie said. 1 118 was not at all what poor Frank J£*. the black boy, had K> v ' ? e co"'(i not have said more or vnifo J 01 l"e. lightest anxiety about his limit? 01 , s.afet>" during BUCIi a long, buMf8 lP* It was a. lovely bright day. 0v". to become suddenly cloudefl totKci ran^- ,He turned as if to walk back to 1, . . ?'"Mealy Miss Kcclesstopped and ficp u/tia out as though to stay nun; her Panioii^ v[j c> au<i she looked at her com* with a startled expression. l)ealoi!!S'er.i ,URl^' ^ end- "You will to his irV'\ ,JD8'1 WJth that man, exposed ls^ata»y moment. No 1 you ?v uas Hy 'ier s>^e. holding her eai>eriy would care, after all?" he said "?amrnilni8!.16 5ePeated, and their eyes met tomb °°nf«»»on. garden wtu^1 1?ipeiuiou? >',oan8 »?an, the ^CliiiuSfn K of the station, and Se with f few ^ e°»° uPto the vMU£ilifr)mr : * x . * utyimu mi uoi . I'hey imf nm and kissing her. ^ toe V.about now, ^theauti^M of..Pran?tf proposed trip, ^ed to thp^f when, they re sell esDW1^ ^ttemdld not require ^ 8taudine i^0 ti. and his wife the verandah aa they oame ^ot publishing thla wotfcJuB-boenpur 01 Tbo AiutndMUn." up, and one glance assured them that the understanding had been satisfactory. " 1 suppose you will change your mind about the trip now!" he said meaningly to Lockyer,whcn they were alone. " Not a hit. I am ju3t going to write to Met calf accepting." " But why, in the name of common sense * You do not expect to make any money out of it, except by a rare lluke. You and the little girl will have plenty to live comfortably on; why don't you Btop at home and make her happy ?" " That'8 just it, my dear boy. I do not believe she will be thoroughly happy until this affair is settled. It may be all right for a bit, but after a while the unsatisfied feeling will awake again and I shall blame myself that I missed the opportunity of laying the ghost." vpUt«ee °r fo"J y°ungsters to look after in Lid WnUaufflay the Kh09t ju8t 08 weI1'" 1 5 swe,vt"e?rt asked him to change " \Vh^ ' ,f/°ck.wr ^ just as firm. he said* *5 fVT0U . i ili .^rat ^desI)ise me," lie said j if I yielded through any fear of what.might happen to me." she pleaded/0* ^ 1 ^ y0U to 8ta> '" He shook his head; "I know you better than you do yourself; there would V always something between us if I skulked at home iff J1<?n I"have tlie chance of clearing everything up." . b nnr'thS1^in 90n;0jwfu,,y>antl Frank wrote to sa> that he would go, and commenced to make preparations for his departure. Mpoleon was delighted at the prospect of the trip and when Hartridge told him con hdentially that he was going especially to look alter Mr. Lockyer his pride was unfunded. 1 he morning of his departure had come and Maude met her lover for the laist time to say farewell. "Frauk," she said, " here is a strange present for you," and she put into Jus hands the revolver found on her father's body ; ' don t buy one, but wear this for me. see, I have cleaned and oiled it myself." Lockyer took it and kissed her. "I Bhallbe j human foes with that on," he said, and then, it seemed but an instant, and lie was gone. Letters soon began to arrive from the absent one. First from Sydney. He had met Metealf, and they were about starting for Adelaide. As Maude anticipated, their destination was the M'Donnell Ranges. 1 he next communication was from Adelaide: then from Farina, the then terminus of the railway line, where they got their horeea and outfit. Next came telegrams at long inter i j r?m the different stations on the over land line. Finally one from Alice Springs, bidding farewell for some time. The three of them, the two white men and the black boy, had plunged into the unknown, -and nothing more would be heard of them for perhaps two or three months. Then ensued the long, long waiting that so tires the spirit. At the end of two months Maude began to watch for a telegram, and when tiie third month passed without anv tidings, she persuaded Mrs. Hartridge to go down and spend a month or two in the dull little seaport, where they would be in reach of the telegraph line. Still the time crept on without a sign. Six months had passed when they returned to the station, six months from the date of de mrture from Alice Springs. Hartridge had leen in communication with the station master there ; all he could find out was that the three left on the date mentioned, well horsed, with provisions for three months, which on a pinch could be made to last four or a little longer. It was not certain that they would return to Alice Springs ; they might Come in to the Tine further south. The weather was very dry, and they might be de tained tlirough wont of water. Week after week, month after month still went by withoutany message, and hope l»egan to leave the hearts ot those who waited and watched. Maude grew paler and thinner. Over and oyer again she accused herself to Mrs. Hart ridge ot having caused the death of her brother, and. refused to be comforted by any thing the kind-hearted woman could say. One morning she came in to breakfast in the black dress she had worn to her father's death. It was the anniversary of Lockyer's departure from the station. J ust twel ve months had he been absent, and from the time of their leaving Alice Springs no word of the wanderer had comet back. The hungry desert of the interior had devoured him as it had so many more gallant lives; so the girl thought, and she put on mourning for the man who was to have been her husband on his return. But with all her sorrow was mixed a deeper and more poignant regret. Had he died fairly, slain by nature in her relentless mood of drought and heat, she felt she could have borne it. But how had he met his death? for dead she felt sure he was. By treachery, by some foul villainy that she would never be able to unmask or punish. Father and lover both gone, and both by the same hand. The hawk had made sure of its prey. Hartridge had left no stone unturned to discover tne fate of his brother-in- law. lie had communicated with the South Australian Government and paid the expenses of a Bearch party starting from Alice Springs, but an iron drought reigned over that part of Australia, and the men conld not get fifty miles away from the line, although they honestly en dangered their own lives in the endeavour. Hartridge would have gone himself after the companion he had loved so well, but his duty chained him to the station, and on him fell the burden of trying to keep heart in the two sorrowful women who demanded his care. During the miserable period of weary wait ing that nad elapsed, Maude had often asked herself whether, after all, she had not been the means of sending her lover away on a vain errand altogether. Was there any silver lode? Was it not alia wild dream of her father's? He had been strangely unsettled of late years, and had never said definitely that he had really discovered it. All had l»een vague hints and surmises. And if he had found the lode, why did he want to return to the locality t He would surely have entered into some arrangement to start work ^Vithout knowing very much about mining matters, Maude knew well that an unknown silver lode in an almost unvisited region was not of much value until it had been worked a little and its worth asoermined. All these tormenting thoughts had helped to distress and worry lier, until both Hartridge and Ins wife, who had learned to love the girl dearly, began to fear that another victim would yet be added to the list. Fortunately for Maude, the return to the old station life, the free life of the bush, did good unoonsciously, and it was not until tne twelve months had passed that she actually realised that she must relinquish hope, l hat evening she had left the house, and wandered down to her father's grave. She stood there in her black dress,, thinking sadly of the few hours of happiness she had known. The mailman's horn roused her from her reverie, and she slowly went up to the house. Uortrictgc hod opened the t>W£ and sorted out the letters; he handed some to his wife, and looked hastily at a telegram lie had opened. " Thank God!" he said. " Fiunk Y' cried both the women together. " Is safe. Wife, there is a telegram there for Maude ; give it to her." She took it and broke the envelope. It was dated from Charlotte Waters, and ran : -" The hawk is dead, and I am well. Shall soon be back." Then she knew that there had been a struggle, and that her lover had come out victorious, and liastened to the solitude of her own room to relieve her feel ings. 