WUSLHYAN CHURCH. Special .crmoos were preached in the South Ipewich Wee:eyao Churoh yesterday. In the morning there weas very gocd attendance and the enr J. A. Nlan eodloisted, taking ca hie text .the Ist, 2nd, 3rd, and 4th verses of the 2nd chapter of the Acte of the Apostles. The day of Pentecost, the birthday.of Chrietianity," the speaker said, happened ma the providecce of God joet at the time that Jernesalem was filled with men who had come from all countries round about to that. Not merely the twelve apqtlep but all who?' belonged to ?hcthurph, at Jetsalem, wete gathered togtthein th atppper boom with ode! intense parplae.. en days previously, Jesans ChObrist, when asoending. had commanded them to tarry in the city of Jernealem until they were endoeglwith power from on high, In obedinene tbH4it order, they were m 'ito. gether from esrly in tho.morning, and on tinned, no doubt, with intermlssipned dsa after' day, until, on the tunth 3ay, there oame sond denly, without w4rning, A eound.from heaven as of a rouieg midht winod nddt filled all the house where they were sitting. Instantly, there was the. indioeatlon tbat its wase the down-ooming of the Supernatural. On that oooeasion they Waould all reoognise that it was the promised baptism of the Holy Ghost. The fire-tongue spoken of was a symbol that God was with themni Each seontl weeas filled with the Holy Ghost. It was some thing that could not be explained, it most be exrperienced to be fultly dnderstood, but he banked God that thb?re we'ie living witnsses to-day 'Who knew of the baptism of the Holy hboet. One thing that would strike them re- : gurding the deseending of the spirit at Penteobst, was that it was the fulfilment o a prophesy cnd promise. Theold piophete had told that seach :a thing would happen. Tha;t baptism was also their qualiioatoen fol kthe great work that they were noacomplish... The speakter pointed out that that same.spirit that was.poured out onPeateooet could be giveno now. Why oould they not have.the baptism of the Boly Ghost ? it was promised to them if they wpold haveit;. thben they would be able to bring fcrth the fruits of the epirit in more: abundanoe than in the past. In the evening,theR?ev. F, Warham preached a very earnest and .impressive sermon to a large congregation. . He chose as his text the first olause of the 14th verse of the 2nId ahapter of the Epistle to the Ephesians-" For he is our peace." In that Cbapter, Paul was speak ing of Christ as the peace-masker between natione, the destroyer of national hatred'and animosities. Christ was the author of the soul's pesoe, Christ prodouced peace in the' heart of man by recounciUpg him toGtd; that wae the fundamental element. Itwas as daring but noble conception that some one had formed,. that the throne of God was situated in the very centre of immenlsity, and that all systems re volved round that oeotral throne. SuBoppose that were true it would seem that they were separated very efiefotaally from Him, but there wae something more effeatually separating man from God than mere distance. It was found in the 4atred of the heart-the condition of the will and dislike to the Holy Spirit eooenoiliation with God was peseible through faith in the atoning death of Jensus Christ. If Be were aooepted as. being that atonement, the person so acepting wase at one with God, and at peace with Him-a pece that came only by being justified and reconciled before God. Christ spoke to menu hesrts in their boiling and turbid state, and the result was a quiet heart, and a consoience sunk to rest, so thatChrist was the peace of man, because He gave inward harmony, and He also gave the peaseof mental tranquility. He (the speaker) would ask all present, in all plainness and affeation, whether they knew anything of the peace he had been epeaking of from personsal and present experience. He prayed that the peace which passeth all onderstanding would be posseaned by all of them. 