iHTHE TREASURE OF FRANOHARD. By Robort Louis Steoesison. CHAPTER 11II (Continund) the plants In hie garden, the dls0osition of cloud, the color of the light, and last, though. not least, the arsenal of meteorological it strutents iu a louvre boarded hutclapolm the lawn.@Ester since he had settled at Greta he had been growing more and more into the local meteorologist, the unpaid champion of the local climate. He thought at first there was no place so healthful in the arrondisse ment. ` By the end of the second year, he protested there was none so wholesome in the whole department. And for some time be fore he met Jean-Marie he had been prepared to challenge all France and the better part of Europe for a rival to his chosen snot. "Doctor," hIe would say-"doctor is a foul word It shouhl not be used to Indles It ilmplilles disease. I remtark it, tls a flaw in otur civilization, that we have not the proper huIt ror of disease. Now 1, for my part, have washed my hands of it; I have renounced tmy laureation; I amt no doctor; I att only a worshiper of the true goddess Hygeia. All, believe me, it is she who has tlhe cestusl And here, in this exiguous hamttlet, has she Ilaced her shritne; here site dwells and lavishes her gifts; 'here I walk with her in the early moirnuing, and she shows me how strong sthe has mad tie the asants, how fruitful she Ihas ntdle the fields, how the trees grow up tall and comely under her eyes,'and the fishes in the river become clean and agile in her pres ence. Rheuumalisul" he would cry, on smone naltnpert interruption. "Oh, yes, I believe we do have a little rteumatismn. That could hardly be avoided, you know, on a river. And of course the place stands a little low; and the meadows are marshy, there's no doubt. But, tmy dear sir, look at .Bourrou! BIourron stands high. Bourron is close to the forest; plenty of ozone there, you would say. Well, compared with Gretz, B3ourrot is a perfect shatatbles." iT'lte lmorning after he had been suunnmloed to the dying mountebank the doctor visited the wharf at the tail of his garden and had a long look at the running water. This he called prayer; but whether his adorations were addressed to the goddess Hygela or somtte more orthodox deity never plainly ap leared. For he had uttered doubtful oracles, soumetimes declaring that a river was the tP'pe of bodily health, sometimes extolling it as tl'y great moral preacher. continually preaching peace, contintuity and diligence to mattn's tormented spirits. After he had watched a mile or so of the clear water run nigi by before his eyes, seen a fish or two cotme to the surface with a gleam of silver and sufficiently admlt'd the long shadows of the tree fallinghalf across the river from the opposite bnnk, with patches of moving stulight, iu between, he strolled once more tp the garden and through his house into the street, feeling cool and reiovated. 'IThe isund of his feet upon the causeway began the business of the day; for the vii lags was still sound asleep. The church tower looked very airy in the sunlight; a few birds that turned about it seemed to swim in on alito.sphere of more that usual rarity; ulnd the doctor, walking in long, transparent shadows. filled his lungs amply, and pro claimed himself well contented with the morning. On one of the posts before Tentaillon's car riage entry he espied a little dark figure perched in a meditative attitude, and itamme diately recognized Jean- Marie. "Abeha" he said, stopping before him hu muorously, with a hand on either knee. "So we rise early in the morning, do we? It ap pears to me that we have all the vices of a philosopher." The boy got to his feet and made a grave salutation. "And how is our patient?" asked Desprea. It appeared the patient was about the same.* "And why do you rise early in the morn ingt" he lursued. Jean-Marie, after a long silence, professed tlhat hie hardly kneow. "You hardly know?" repeated Desprez. "We hardly know anything, my man, until we try to learn. Interrogate your conscious ness. Come, push me this inquiry home. Do you like it?" "Yes," said theboyslowly; "yes, I like it." "And why do you like it?" continued the doctor. "(We are now pursuing the Socratic ,method.) W?hy do you like it?" "It is quiet," answered Jean-Marle; "and I have nothing to do; and then I feel as if I were good." I tr. IDesprez took a seat on the post at the opposite side. He was beginning to take an interest in the talk, for the boy plainly thoulght before he spoke, and tried to answer truly. "It appears you have a taste for feel ing good," said the doctor. "Now,' there you :Cpuzzle e extremely, for I thought you said 3you were a thief; and the two are incom patible." S'Is it very bad to stealt" asked Jean- Marle. "Such is the general opinion, little boy," replied the doctof. "Nol biutI mean as I stole," exclaimed the othlet?. "For I had no choice. I think it is st'tely right to: have bread; it must be right to have bread, there comes so I,lain a want of it. And then they beat me cruelly if I returned with nothing," he added. "I was Iot ignorant of right and wrong; for before that I had been well taught by a Ipriest, who was very kind to me." (The doo tor ntade a horrible grimace at the word "priest.") "But it seemed to me, when one had nothing to eat and was beaten, it was a different affair. I would not have stolen for 'urs"tlets, I believe; but any one would steal for baker's bread." "And so lsuppose," said the doctor, with, a rising sueer, 'you prayed God to forgive you, ani explained the case to him at length." "Why, ir?" asked Jeanu- Marle. "Ido not "Your priest would see, however," retorteds Desprez. "Would bhe" asked tlie' boy, troiubled for thie itst time. "I should have thought God wotlld have knowln.L" •. '"Eh!"' snarled the doctor. "I shotld have thought God' would have understood me," replied the other. "You do not, I see; but then it was God that made me thitLk so, was it not?" "JLittle boy, little boy," said Dr. Deprez, "I told you already you had the vices of phil5s oljhy; if you display the iirtues alho, I must e:o' n am a student'o? the blessed laws of health, an observer of -plain and temperate nature in her common pralks; and I cannot l'?serrve my equanimity in presence of a ur.smter. Do you understatnd' 'Nt,, sir," said the boy. "J will tuake tny meaning clear to you," rEp!edl thie doctor. "Look there at the sky tIl-)itd the belfry first, where it is so light, and Ihlen up jnl pp, turning your chin bc'k, rightt to the top'p the dome, wohere it is alreoady as blue as at noon. Is pit; that a tbeautiful color? Does it notplease the hIeart lWVo have seen it all our lives, utiil it has grownu in with our famitliar thoughts. Now," chbtigllug his tone, "suppose that sky to be. cotme stlddetly of a live and flery amber, like the color of clear potas, and growing sear'let toward lthe topi-Ido tus say it woFuldt be ally tit less beautiful, but woulht you like it as well" "I eItippose not," answered Jean-MarlEo. "'Nither du like you," returned thie dloc. tcr, routghly. "I hate all odd pIeole, aind yotu rit the mIout c'urious little boy in all the Ssrl'l." S t S.Jeall-?ario seemel L' )otnder for awhile, and then he raised his head agaig iod looked Iver at. the doctor with an air of candid in qgiiry. "lBut are not you a very curious gentle mlan?" he asked. The doctor threw away his stick, bounded on the boy, clasped, himstoh his bosom and kissed him on both cheeks. "Adnhirable, sidmirable impl" he cried. "Whit i:morniig; what an hour for a theo rist of 421 No," he continued, apostrophizing heaven, "I did not know t?leit such, boys ex isted;'I was ignorant they made them so; I had doubted.of;myy race; and now! It is like,'! he added, picking up his stick, "like a lovers' meeting. . I have bruised my favorite sltaf in that moment of enthusiasm. The injury, however, is not grave." He caught the boy looking at him in obvious wonder, embarrassment and alarm. "Hullol" said he, "why do you look at me like that! Egad, I believe the boy despises me. Do you de spise me, boyl" . "Oh, 1no," replied Jean-3?arie, seriously; "onlyI do not understand."i:" "You must excluse me, sir," returned the doctor, with gravity; "I am still so young. Oh, hang him " hi added to" himself And he took his seat again and observed the boy sardonically. "He has spoiled the quiet of nmy mornhtg," thought he. "I shall be nerv ous all day, and have a febricule when I digest. Leot me compose myself. And so he dismissed his preoccupations by an effort of the will which he had long practiced, and let his soul roam abroad in the contemplation of the morning. He inhaled the air, tasting it critically as a connoisseur tastes a vinlage, and prolonged the expiration with hygienic gusto. lIe counted the little flecks of cloud along the sky. He followed the movements of the birds round the churchtower-making lung sweeps, hanging poised, or turning airy somersaults in fancy, and beating the wind with imaginary pinions. And in this way he regained peace of mind and animal com pousure, conscious of his limbs, conscious of the sight of his eyes, conscious that the air had a cool taste, like a fruit, at the top of his throat; and at last, in complete abstraction, he began to sing. The doctor had but one air-"Malbrouck s'en va.t-en guerre;" even with that he was on termsof mere politeness; and. his musical exploits were always re served for moments when be was alone and entirely happy. He was recalled to the earth rudely by a pained expression on the boy's face. "What do you think of my singing{" he Inquired, stopping in the middle of the note; and then, after he had waited some little anll re ceived no answer: "What do you thilnk of my singing?" he repeated, imperiously. "I do not like it," faltered Jean-Marie. "Oh, coie!" cried the doctor. "Possibly you are a performer yourself l" "I sing better than that," replied the boy. The doctor eyed him for some seconds in stupefactionO He was aware that he was angry, and blushed for himself in conse quence, which made him angrier. "If this is how you address your masterl" lie said at last, with a shrug and a flourish of his arlms. "I do not speak to him1 at all," returned the boy. "I do not like him." - "Then you like met" snapped Dr. Desprlz, s ith- unusual eagerness. " do inot knosw," answered Jean-Marie. The doctor rose. "I shall wish you a good morniing." he said. "Youl are too much for nme. Perhaps you have blood in your veins, perlhaps celestial ichor, or perhaps you cir culate nothing more gross than respirable air: but of one thing I am inexpugnably as sured-that you are io human being. No boy"-shakillng his stick at hims-"you are not a human being. Write, write it inll your memory-'I ant not a human being-I have no pretension to he a human being-I am a dice, a dream, an angel, an acrostic, an illu silon-what you please, but not a human being.' Andl so accept my humble saluta tions and farewelll" And with that the doctor made off along the street in some emotion, and the boy etood, mentally gaping, where he left hilm. CHAPTER III. mTHs ADOPTIO., lime. Desprez, who answered to the Chris tian name of Anastasia, presented an agree able type of. her sex; exceedingly wholesome to look upon, a stout brune, with cool smootlh cheeks, steady, dark eyes and hands that neither art nor nature could improve. She was the sortof a person over whom adversity passes like a summer cloud; she might, in the worst of conjunctions, knit her brows Ilto one vertifoal furrow for a moment, but the next it would be gone. She had much of the placidity of a contented nun; with little of her piety, however; for Anastasio was of a very mundane nature, fond of oysters and oli wine, and somewhat bold pleasantries, and devoted to her husband for her own sake rathier than for his. She was imperturbably gook natured, but had no idea of self sacri tice. To live in that pleasant old house, with a green garden behind and bright flowers about the window, to eat and drink of the best, to gossip with a neighbor for a quarter of an hour, never to wear stays or a dress except when she went to Fontainebleau shop ping, to be keptin a cointinualsupply of racy novels, and to be married to Dr. Desprez and have no ground of jealousy, filled the cup of her nature to the brim. Those who had known the doctor in bachelor days, when he had aired quite as many theories, but of a different order, attributed his present philos ophy to the study of Anastasie. It was her brute enjoyment that he rationalized and perhaps vainly imitated. Mime. Despres was an artist in the kitchen, and made coffee to a nicety. She had a knack of tidiness, with which she had infected the doctor; everything was in its place; every thing capable of pollsh shone gloriously; and dust was a thing banished from her empire. Aline, their single servsat, had no other busi nIess in the world but to scour and burnish. So Dr. Desprez lived in his house like a fatted calf, warmed and cosseted to his hearts con tent. M 'The midday meal was excellent. There was a ripe melon, a fish from the river in a memorable Bearnlaise sauce, £ fat fowl in a frlcassee, and a dish of asparagus, followed by some fruit. The doctor drqnk half bot tie plus one glass, the wife half a bottleminus the same quantity, which was amarital privi lege, of an ecelje~t Cpte Rotie, seren years old. Theu the coffee was brought, and a flask of Chartreuse for madame, for thile doc tor despised and distrusted such decoctions; and then Aline left the wedded pair to the pleasures of memory and digestion. "It is a very fortunate lpouanstaunce, my cherished one," observed the doutor-"this ouffee is adorable-a very fortunate circunm tance on the whole-Anuastasie, I beseech you, go without that poison for today, only one day, and you will feel the benefit, I pledge my reputation." "What is this fortunate circumstance, my frlend' inquired Anastasie, not heeding his protest, wich w?iee of daily reouurrence. "That we have no children, my beantiul," replied the doctor. "I think of it more as the years go on, and with more and more gratitudetowardothe power that dispenses s.ca flictions. Y'our health, mydarling, my stsidrais 'iAt, our lttl kiltchen delica cies, hlow th$e would all have suffered, how they would all have been sacrllflced And for whatt Children are the last word of human imperfection. Health flees before their face. They cry, my dear; they put yexatious questions; they demand to be fed, "o be washed, to ie educated, to have their .eoses blown; and then, when the time comes, they bran'" our hearts, as I break this piece of sugar. Oc pair of professed egotists, like you and hme, should avoid offspring like an infidelity." g "lIdeed!" said she, and she laughed. "Now, that is like you-to take credit for the thing you could not help." "M'y dear," returned the doctor, solemnly, "we might have adopted." "Never!"' cried madame. "Never, doctor, with my consent. If the child were my own flesh and blood, I would not say no. But to take another person's indiscretion on my shoulders, my dear friend, I have too much sensee." "Precisely," replied the doctor. "We both hail. And I am1 all the better pleased with ourwisdomn, because--because"- He looked at her sharply. "Bjccalsoe whatr" she asked, with a faint prlemonition of danger. "Because I have found the right person," said the doctor, firmly, "and shall adopt him this afternoon." Aunstasie looked at hinm out of a mist. "You have lost your reason," she said; and there was a clang in her voice that seemed to threaten trouble. "Not so, my dear," he replied; "I retain its complete exercise. To the proof: instead of attemplting to cloak my inconsistency I have, by way of preparing you, thrown it into strong relief. You will there, I think, recognize the philosopher who has the ec stasy to call you wife. The fact is, I have been reckoning all this while without anl ac cident. I never thought to find a son of omy own. Now, last night I found one. Do not unnecessarily alarm yourself, my dear; he is not a drop of blood to me that I know. It is his mind, darling, his mind that calls Ine father." "His mind!" she repeated, with a titter between scorn and hysterics. "His mind, indeed! Henri, is this an idiotic pleasantry, or are you mad? His mind! And what of my nmiitld' •'Truly," replied the doctor, with a shrug, "you have. yur finger on the hitch. -IIewill tbe strikingly antipathetic to my beautiful Anrstasie. She will never understand hin; he will never understand her. You married the animal side of my nature, dear; and it is on the spiritual side that I find my affiuity for Jean-Marie. So much so, that, to be per fectly frank, I stand in some awe of hitm my self. You will easily perceive that I am announcing a calamity for you. Do not," he broke out in tones of real solicitude, "do not give way to tears after a meal, Anastasia. You will certainfuly give yourself a false di gestion." Anastasie controlled herself. "You know how willing I am to humor you," she said, "in all reasonable matters. But on this point" "My dear love," interrupted the doctor, eager to prevent a refusal, "who wished to leave Paris? Who made me give up cards, anl the opera, and the boulevard, and my 'ocial relations, and all that was my life be fore I knew you? Have I been faithful. Have I been obedient? Have I not borne miy doom with cheerfulness? In all honesty, A nastasie, have I not a right to a stipull Lion on my side? I have, and yeou know it. I stipulate my son." Annstasie was aware of defeat: she struck her colors instattly. "You will break llmy heart," she sighed. "Not in the least," said he. "You will feel a trifling inconvenience for a mouth, just as I did when I was first brought to this vile hamslet; then your admirable sense and temper will prevail, and I see you already as content as ever, and making your husband the happiest of men." "Yon know I can refuse you nothing," she said, with a last flicker of resistance; "noth ing that will make you truly happier. But will this? Are you sure, mylhusband! Last night, you say, you found him I He may be the wolrst of hlumbungs.' "I lhink not," replied toe oetor. "-But do not ,,supposeme so unwary as to adopt him out of hand. I am, I flatter myself, a fin ished man of the world; I have had all pos sibilitiee in view; my plan is contrived to meet thles all. I take the lad as stable boy. if le pilfer, if ihe grumble, if he desire to change, I shall see I was mistakei; I shall recognize him for no son of mine, and send him tramping." "Youl will never do so when the time nlmes," said his wife; "I know'your good heart.'" d Sie reached out her hand to him, with a sigh; the doctor smiled as he took it and car ried.it to his lips; he had gained his point with greater ease than he hadLdared.to hope: 'for perhaps the tai'entieth time he lad proved the efficacy of his trusty argument, his Ex :alibur, the hint of a return to Paris. Six months in the capital, for a muan of tile doc tor's antecedents and relations, implied sso less a calamity than total ruin. Anastasia had saved the remainder of his fortune by keeping him strictly in the country. The very name of Paris put her in a blue fear: and she would have allowed her husband to keep a menagerie in the back garden, let alone adopting a stable boy, rather than per mit the question of return to be discussed. About of the afternoon the mountebank rendered tup his ghost; he had never been coniscious sine his seisure. Dr. Desprez was present at his last passage, and declared the farce over. Then be took Jean-Marie by the shdulder, and led him out into the inn gar deu, where there was a convenlent bench beside the river. Here he sat him down and made the boy place himself on his left. "Jean-Marie ? he said very gravely, "thtl world is exceedingly vast, and even France, which is only a small corner of it, isa great place for a little lad like you. Unfortunately it is full of eager, shouldering people moving on, and there are very few bakers' shops for so many eaters. Your master is dead; you are not fit to gain q living by yourself; you do not wish to steal] No. Your situatiou, then, is undei'rable' it is, for the moment, c'itina? On the otler hand, you behold ill me a man not old, though elderly, still en' Joying the youth of the heart and the intel ligence; a man of instruction; easily situated in this world's affairs; keeping it good table; a mlan, neither as friend nlor host, to be dl' spised. I offer you your food antl clothes, and to teach you lessons in the evening,whlch will be infinitely more to the purpose for a lad of your stamp than those of all the priesta iu Europe. I propose no wages, but if eves you take a thought to leave me the door shall be open, and I will give you 100 francs to start the world upon. In return, I hIave an old holse and ehaise, which you would very speedily learn to clean and keep iu or. der. Do not hurry yourself to answer, and take it or leave it as you judge aright. Only remembei' this, that I am no sentimentalist or charitable person, but a man who lives rigorously to himself; and tihat if I i.nake the psraposal it is for my own ends-it is' because I perceive clearly an advantage to myseclf. And now reflect." "I shall be very glad. I do not see whatv else I can do. I thanks you, sir, most kindly, and I will try to be useful," said the boy. "T1.nk you," said the doctor, warmly, ris lug at the samse time and wiping his brow, for ho had 'siffered agonies while the toithig hungin the wid .A refusal, after the scene at noon, would have placed him ill a ridicu lous light before Anastasie. "How hot aid heavy is the ovenin~, to be bthu'! have always had a fancy to be a fish in si?nmner, Jean-Marle, here in the Loing beside Urttz. I should lie under a water lily and listen to the bells, which must sound most delicately down below.*That would be a life-do you not think so, tool" "Yes," said Jean-Marie. "Thank God, you have imagination!" cried the doctor, embracing the boy with his usual effusive warmth, though it was a proceeding that seemed to disconcert the sufferer ahlost as much as if he had been an English school boy of the same age. "And now," he added, "I will take you to my wife." Mume. Desprez sat in the dining room in a cool wrapper. All the blinds were down, and the tile floor had been recently 'prinkled with water; her eyes were half shut, but heo affected to be reading a novel as they en tered. Though she was a bustling woman, she enjoyed repose between whiles anladhad a remarkable appetite for sleep. The doctor went through a solemn form of introductien, adding, for the benefit of both parties, "You must try to like each other for my sake." "He is very pretty," said Anastasie. ."Will you kiss me, my pretty little fellowi" "Will you kiss ime, my preltt little fellow?" The doctor was furious, and dragged her into the passage. "Are you a fool, Anns tasief' he said. "What is all this I hear about the tact of women? Heavens knows, I have not met with it in my experience. You address my little philosopher as if he were an infiut. He must be spoken to with snore re spect, I tell you; he must not be kissed and Gieorgy-porgy'd like an ordinary child." "I only did it to please you, I am sure," replied Anastasie; "but I will try to do bet ter." The' doctor apologized for his warmth. "But I do wish hims," he continued, "to feel at home among us. And really your con duct was so idiotic, my cherished one, and so utterly and diatanstly out of place, that a saint miight have been pardoned a littlevehe mence in disapproval. Do, do try-if it is possible for a woman to understand young lpeople-but of course it is not, and I waste my- breath Hold your tongue as much as possible at least, and observe my conduct narrowly; it will serve you for a nmode' Anita.sie did as she was bidden, and con sidered the doctor's behavior. She observedi that he embraced the boy three times in the couirse of the evening, and managed gener ally to confound and abash the little fellow out of speech and appetite. But she had the true womanly heroism in little affairs. Not only did she refrain from the cheap revenge of exposing the doctor's errors to himself, but sihe did her best to remove their ill effect on Jean-Marie. When Desprez went out for Ihis last breath of air before retiring for the night, she came over to the boy's side and took his hand. "You must not be surprised nor frightened Iy my husband's manners," she said. "He is the kindest of men, but so clever that he is eometimes difficult to understand. You will soon grow used to him, and then you will love him, for that nobody can help. As for cle, you may be sure, I shall try to make you linplly, and will not bother you at all. I think we .should be excellent friends, you and I. I anun not clever, but I anm very good inltured. Will you give me a kissi" IId6lehl up his face, and she took him in iherarms and then began to cry. The woman li?dl spoken in complaisance; but she had weirmned to her own words, and tenderness followed. The doctor, entering, found them enliced: lie concluded that his wife was in fault; and he was just beginning, in an awful voice, "Anastasie," when she looked i o at him, smiling, with an upraised finger; and he held his peace, wondering, while she led the boy to his attic. CHAPTER IV. THE EDUCATIOx OF A PHILOSOPHER. The installation of the adopted stable boy was thus happily effected, and the wheels of life continued to run smoothly in the doe tor's house. Jean-Marie did his horse and carriage duty in the morning; sometimes helped in the housework; sometimes walked abroad with the doctor, to drink wisdom from the fountain head; and was introduced at night to the sciences and the dead tongues. He retained his singular placidity of mind and manuer; he was rarely in fault; but lie made only a very partial progress in his studies, and remained much of a stranger in the family. The doctor was a pattern of regularity. All forenoon he worked on his great book, the "Comparative Pharmaaopmia, or His torical Dictionary of all Medicines," which as yet consisted principally of slips of paper and pins: .When finished, it was to fllhmany plersonable volumes and to combine anti quarianu interest with professional utility. But the doctor was studious of literary graces and the picturesque; an anecdote, a touch of inauners, a moral qualification, or a sound islg epithet was sure to be preferred before a piece of science; a little more, and he would have written the "Comparative Pharma copceia" in versol The article "Mumnlia," for instance, was already complete, though the remainder of the work had not progressed beyond the letter A. It was exceedingly Poplious an4 entertaining, written with quaintness and color, exact, erudite, a lit erary article; but it would hardly have af forded guidance to a practicing physician of today. The feminine good sense of his wife had led her to point this out with uncom promising sincerity; for the dictionary was duly read aloud to her, betwlixt sleep and waking, as It lroceeded to'?ard ??n infinitely distant completion; andc the doctor was a lit tle sore on the subject of nlummies, anid soute times resented an allusion with asperity. After the midday meal and a proper pe riod of digestion he walked, sonmetilucesalone, sometimes ac:ompannied by Jean-~airiq; for lladlame woqld have preferred any hardship ratlher'than wallk, She was, as I have said, a very busy per son, continually occupied about material comforts and ready to drop asleep over a novel the instant shte was disengaged This was the less objectionable, as she snever pnore4 or grew distempem:e in comuplelon whoe she slept. Ol tlh hcontrary, she looked the very plbture of luxurious and appetizing ease, and woke without a start to the perfect possession of her faculties. I am afraid she was greatly an animal, but she .yps ~ very nices animal t ro veaboup, Iq this way she ('to uIc Continued) 