Chapter V. My story is not yet ended. ? I thought till to-day that it was drawing very near the close. I shudder at the thought of the months I have spent in this dreary cell, and yet no definite time has been fixed for my removal. This morning 1 lay on a pallet of straw that serves me for a ben, picturing, an im possible future with gay surroundings, and Angus as the hero. I often deliberately iudulge in such day- dreams— ever since I heard that death was not likely to be my punishment. ? I was lying very still, enjoying the rest, for confinement has brought a heavy languor into my frame, when I heard the warder's steps coming towards the door of my cell. I did not trouble to move, but lay with my eyes turned lazily towards the door. To my great surpiise he showed in a woman, and at a. sign from her left us. I found out afterwards that she had bribed him largely. - j I raised myself on my elbow, and, trying to penetrate the gloom with my gaze, i studied the appearance, of my. visitor, j . She stood, silent, regarding me earnestly. I ' 'Are you ill ?' she asked abruptly, as the result of her stare. I recognised the voice; it was uncle Jacob's housekeeper. , i 'I'm. hot exactly, ill,' I answered slowly; ' but I am very weak.' ' j ] 'You're lookin' whiter nor a ghost.' ? A pause ensued, which I did not care to break. ' Yur're not askiu' what brought me.' ' I thought you would tell me,' I answered simply. ; She seemed astonished at my ease of i speech. ? ' i ' Are ye not frightened out of your wits to be here nieht and dav ? Nights it ' must be eerie.'. Her eyes went fearfully into the corners, and sne shivered visibly. 'I wouldn't be a sane woman at the end of a week here.' ?? I've got used to it now.' i ' 'Ah, ay, a clear conscience '11 help you maybe?' '. . i 1 My surprise at her speech appeared in my face. ? ? j ' You were the chief witness against L'me,';I answered slowly. / L. . ry i ' I know that — none better. But '—she paused suddenly, came close to where I lay, dropped on to her knees, and putting her mouth nearer to my ear than I liked, whispered, ' I knew all the. time 'you were innocent.' ? ' And the bottle ?' . ; ; 'I'll tell you about that when you've doae somethin' first.' ? ...._. j She produced a small packet from under her shawl and showed it to me ; then she resumed her whispering. - 'If you'll take an oath, a solemn oath, not to ' give anybody this parcel, or tell anybody what I say to you to-day, I'll' leave it with you ; and two weeks from to-, day it will — do you hear me? It will'set you free!' i . A started cry broke from me. Could what she said be true ? . ' Now will you take the oath ?' ' But why?' | ' To give me time to get away, stupid. Will you take it ?' . : ' Yes !' It was with difficulty that my trembling lips could form even the monosyllable. -' ' ' Then you'll have to whisper low not. to let that gaoler hear; but I must hear ' every word.'' . ???;; She produced a small Bible from her pocket, and laid my band upon it, and then whispered the words I repeated after : her..';.; i..':: ,.;.. ,-'. .? ,:,;.:; -'-i, , 'I swear, as I shall answer before God at the Judgment Day, that I shall say nothin' of this visit, or of anythin' told me durin' this visit, for fourteen days.' n ? I drew a long breath when the hissing ^speech was over. My own voice had sounded strangely tome, and I looked ? ' ' uneasily round the cell; ; ' There's nobody here ; you needn't be frightened,'.' she went on in a low Voice. ' ' Now only death cap loose you from that oath — yours or mine. I'll tell you my story as quick as I can. It'll be be tween twenty and thirty years since I was travellin' between London and Dover. A friend had paid for my ticket; and it was the first and the last time I was ever in a first-class carriage. There was nobody ,' but myself in the compartment, till just at .the very last minute a gentleman jumped in. It was an express train, and we stopped at no stations. Well, he talked most civil to me till we were more than half road, and then he most frightened me out of my wits. - ? -; ii i Ma'am,' says he, ' I'm not meanin' to do you any injury ; but I must ask you to do me a favour. I'm a man,' says he, ? escapin* from the clutches of the law — a desperate man— an' my only chance of escape is through you.' * v t ' Through me,' says I, half dead with Wght. ,i At first I took him for a mad man ; but he spoke so sensible like I had to believe his words.- ? - , 11 ? Through you, ma'am. It's my only chance.' ?-?.-. :... : ?= ; .??-?' ? What do you want with me ?' says I then. -: : ,?'.?.?; '?'??. . j ,'? ''«? ? Just this, ma'am, that you'll oblige me by givin': me your dress and .bonnet and shawl, then in such a disguise I may get on board the French steamer.' \- v ? . , (Tc be ccnHnmd.) . 