MR. SPURGEON COMING OUT TO 1 AUSTRALIA. i The New Covenant. Mr. Spnrgoon is evidently alarmed at tlio f' tono of the recent discussions among the Wesleyans on tho quest on of inspiration and Subbath-ke'ping. In conjunction. with a number of ministers he has issued a manifesto declating for out and out Calvin ism. It is iu the following terms f Wo, ihe undersigned, banded togetho-in i: Fraternal Union, observing wiih growing ! pain and sorrow tlio loosouimr hold of many p upon tho Truths of Revelation, are coil- ;- strained to avow our firmest belief in the y Voibil Inspiration of all Holy Sciipturoas £5 originally givon. To us, the Bihlo does t not merely contain the Word of God, but u the Word of God. From beginning to end, wo accopt it, believe it, and continue to \ preach it. To us, tho Old Testamont is no j less inspired than tho New. The Book is an organic whole, lieverenco for thn New Testament accompanied by scepticism as to tho Old appears to ns absurd. Tho two must stand or fall together. We accept Christ's own verdict concerning 'Moses - and all tho propho's in rcferonce to any of tho supposed discoveries of so- called higher criticism. We hold and maintain the truths gene, j rally known as ' the doctrines of grace. i Tho Electing Lovo of God tho Father, tne Propitiatory und Substitutionary Sacrifice of His Son, Jesus Christ, Regeneration by tho Holy Ghost, tlio Imputation of Christ's Righteousness, the Justification of tho siuner (once for all) by faith, his walk in newness of life and growth iu grace by the active indwelling of the Holy Ghost, and ^ the Priestly Intercession of our LordJesus, as also tho hopeless perdi'ion of all who f njoct the Saviour, according to the words of tho L Td in Matt, xxv,, 4G. 'Theso s shall go away into eternal punishment,'— i are, in onr judgment, revealed niid fundi mental truths. Our hope h tho Porsonal Pre-tnilennul S Return oc the Lord Jestis iu glory. k Here follow tho signatures of Mr, Spurgeon and 30 clergymen. |i 