B'S WHACKS. Lily had a little lamb Whose Christian name was Mont, His strong point was his intense front, His weak point was his head. In some of the English counties they say that children born at midnight have the power of seeing ghosts. I don't know about this, but I know that I have seen ghosts for the last few nights, and I have started to make notes on their habits and customs. I have already noted that they have a fondness for firewood and a passion for poultry. I'll make some more notes when I can borrow a shot-gun. General Booth has arrived in Melbourne, and has met with a splendid reception. He will visit South Australia shortly. Will our local lads and lasses induce the G.O.M. of the Salvation Array to have a look at Port Pirie ? Many people think—and justly too—that whenever the train is an hour late of an evening, the post office people should not be in sncli a desperate hurry to shut up shop, but should give all hands a chance to get their letters. Everybody can't sport a private box, and besides it is not the fault of the public that the tram is late in arriving. The late rains have put our farmei-s in rare good heart, and there should be decent crops to reap after all if red rust does uot come to stay until the grain is reaped. However, those farmers who have sown Ward's Prolific are all right, and it is a mystery to me why wheatgrowere do not go in solely and wholly for the rust-res is ting wheat invented by the Squire of Nelsliaby. It's a irue saying that the prophet has no honor in his own country ; but for all that Mr. Ward's wheat is gaining iu public favor fast, and it is a matter of-time for it to oust all other species out of the market, so far as rusty districts are concerned at all events. A trip ont to the hills jnst now is a treat for bad eyes, and a sight to those croakers who aver that no good can possibly come out of Nazareth— or rather Nelshaby. I took a run out the other day to Mr. Jas. Laurie's well-kept farm, and enjoyed the beauties of nature in a whole-hearted manner; and enjoyed still more Mrs. Laurie's home- made bread and jam, topped by the freshest looking cream I've stiuck for many a day, the whole being washed down with such an excellent cup of tea which I would willingly give my landlady an extra bob a week to brew daily. The view of the Gnlf from Mr. Laurie's front door would gladden the heart of au artist. — En route to Mr. Laurie's I was much struck with the appearance of the crops on both sides of the roadway. In many paddocks the wheat is out in ear, and looking as strong and healthy as could be desired But what struck me most was the sight at Mr, W. Oliver's garden, which is leased by Messrs Radford and Patteison. The peach trees were out in full blossom, and you al know what a pi-ett-y sight that is— and there are a lot of trees there, too. But what will read strange to the people down South is that the grape- vines (hundreds"of them) were out in leaf, and flourishing like the proverbial green bay tree. Not only were they out iu leaf, however, but some of the earlieet sorts had actually bunches of grapes already formed on the vines. Fancy if viticulture were only extensively adopted throughout this district! Ripe grapes could be placed on the market a couple of months earlier than the Southern vignerous could, do it. Whew! what a price they would command ! In talking to Captain Foj-e, of the C.F. Sargent, the other day, he informed me that Pirie as a port had a dashed bad name in San Francisco and adjacent ports. When he re ceived a charter for here he was somewhat scared after hearing the ieports floating rounr", and made it his business to go out of his way to interview a skipper who had been here. The interview was so satisfactory that the scare subsided, and Captain Foye has found for himself that we are not half so bad as painted. Ho is satisfied with the accommodation of the port, and is at a mystery to understand how the place has got ?uch ahUd natiie, especially that part where it was stated the wharfs were rotten, and that a ship had been blamed for running away with a portion of one. Oh ! Captain Wilso n, if ever you come out this way again we'lljpresent you with the belt! Port Adelaide has broken out. in A fresh place, and once again wants to monopolise the Barrier trade to the ruination of the outports. Without wishing to be considered vulgar I must place my dexter finger of my l ight hand to the right side of my proboscis, and murmur, " Don't you wish you may get it!" Mr. A.J. Edmu uds, jun., underwent a very serious operation in the Hospital the other day, when Dr. Stewart removed an abscess from his neck. The operation was most skilfully performed, and we may expect to see Mr. Edmuxds about as lively as ever in a day or two. A certain par ty whose voice is bigger than his heart run up against a snag on the wharf the other day. He thought Bob was a chicken, but he altered that opinion when he got the flying marc. Youi-s truly, B. 