! , ' Suacia;? :^f',Mw@ ' ; ?;:-??? Musings by the Way.- ^' ' 1 ', ''.[ .' By f PHir/ANTHROfos.' ?..'?,' WHAT DO WE 'MEAN BY /';RE LIGiON?' : : Many words and phrases are ambiguous ; that is; they are capable of mor'eithan one meaning, and when we use them, we often times do not sufficiently distinguish be tween the different meanings. Thus the word ?.' religion ' may be and often is used in tbiB double sense. ' Faith ' is another instance of the same thing. When we use the word ' religion,' we may either mean to imply all that revelation which God made to the world in Christ Jesus, and that system of faith and practice which is built and founded upon that revelation. On the other hand we also speak of 're- ligion ' generally. We say that a man's religion is sincere, true, and genuine, when we mean that God's revelation has pro I of him who receives it. I desire now to I inquire of what true religion in the latter ? personal sense consists ? Of one thing we may be sure at starting ; and that iB that true religion is the exact opposite of all I that is superficial,shaUow,hollow,viBionary, I and temporary. The very idea of it shows that it should be something firm, real, compact, substantial, and lasting ; some thing that can resist opposition, en /iiirA +.i«»ttl and onKmif +*\ Avavnimn tion ; ; something that will be - the means, not only, of supporting us under temptation, and enabling ub to bear the brunt of unfriendly criticism, but will also assist ub in the path of: difficult duby. It ib only by religion answering t-- one and nil of these tests that the truth of it can be estimated. Let ub inquire whether our religion comes up to this standard. We must first of all assume that we have all received a certain amount of knowledge and instruction in the general matters of faith ; what, then, hns been the result? Has this knowledgeproduced any effectupon up? Has it made us more anxious to obey th- olain commands of our God, or more desii' 13 of living up to the pattern that is sot u of ore us? ? Now there is a very significant vision aescrioea in tne jjooir 01 tne iteveiations.m which the service and worship of God is represented under the figure of the spiritual Jerusulem descending out of heaven. This wonderful and glorious city is described as being a perfect cube — that is, the length, breadth and height of it are equal. Does not this typify our religion As that heavenly city possessed these three characteristics, so, too, must our religion have the same. Let us consider them separately. First then as regards its height. We must be very careful lest we fall into the same error into which the builders of the tower of Babel fell. They thought to attain height but they commencedgbunding from the earth ; whereas in the vision seen by St John the height was not built up, but let down from heaven. Docs not this uontain a most emphatic warning against that idea of religion which depends upon man's own efforts und desires ? Is not the scriptural idea of religioc summed up in St. Paul's words . to the Romans (ix. 16); 'it is not of him that willeth, nor of him that runneth, but of God that eheweth mercy.' The religion which rest upon man's ?' willing', or man's running; which, in other words, is of a purely human origin, and which therefore depends upon man's effort and not upon that foundation which the whole Word of God teaches us is the characteristic of true godliness, viz.: — that is 'comes down from God out of heavan.'' I say all such religion is liable to the same pride and the same disappointment which befel the builder of 'Rtihol ? Sn wa n.rr!v*» f^ f.fiin nninf;— f.K«.f. f lira first essential of true religion is that it is the communication of man with God, but that that communication can only be effected by God speaking first, by God supplying us with the means of comrhuni catiog with Him. How can we possibly be sure that we are seeking salvation in the right way, seeking it as a thing which God alone caD give, which God alone can reveal, which God alone can communicate ; first as something we must know and then as something we must make use of. We may therefore be certain of one fact— that as true religion is a communication from God 10 man, i\\-a umei uuuruuienstiu win ue uuuu of , Him who gave it, and that is Truth, for God is Truth. Now, truth has these two distinctive features : it' is substantial — it is real. These may seem .very much the sa jie thing, but are they? Is there not a constant danger of our founding our re ligion upon something which though it has a certain reality, just .as thought or feeling or emotion [ are .realities,' yet something which has no security, no guarantee for its permanence. How many there are, (and perhaps I am addressing some such persons), who are at some time or other deeply impressed with a sense of their sin ; who are impelled to cry out like the gaoler at Philippi, ' What must I do to be saved ?' Who find in Jesus Christ just what they need, and who therefore mvp fhniTiRplTrpR t-li nrnn cr h 1 v fn TTim. AnH who to all intents and purposes go forth .dedicated to His service, and ,who yet afterwards,, it may be a month, or a year after, are only able to look to that inward change of heart, that dedication of them selves to God, as , their one hope and their one. plea with God. Such a person says — ' Lord, did I not on a certain day see Jesus Christ? Did I not' give myself sincerely: and entirely to Him ? Did I not find peace, and was I not washed and justified that day, -by reason or my tasing Jesus Uhrist to myself, and is not that enough to last me till the hour of death and the day of judgment?' You see such, a person goes back again and again ' to that day or that. night of quickened feeling, of heart stir ring confession of sin, of conscious forgive ness and acceptance, and that is his plea and: justification at the bar of God. Now, my dear friends, I desire most earnestly to warn you, that desirable fiTiii ricrTif an iaiioVi f'oolinorn itibtt Virt t.Tiotr rin not contain any; assurance that they 'have come down from God out of heaven. What I mean is, that'al though such religious feelings and sentiments may be very humbling — very self-abasing — yet they have been built upon earth. Such religion rests upon something that has taken place inside you. Can you say, supposing that such is your position, that its height has reached above the earth from which it started, or that its top has reached heaven. We must not be content with mere suppo sition or even hope in such a grave matter. If we are in earnest about our salvation we shall not be content until we are certain Jint. nnp rftliirinn in ?hViA TVnfVi +.I10 -vavrt Truth of God. If this is so, then it follows that our religion must rest on something outside us. It must be some thing which lays hold upon a reality which would be juat as much so as if we had never existed. If it has pleased God to reveal Himself to us — if it has pleased Him to roll oS all our sins Upon a Divine Sacrifice — God made man to become an Atonement for us— if it has pleased Him to send forth into all the world and into such hearts as these hearts of ours— ;to.- change such lives as these lives of ours, a Holy and Blessed Spirit and Comforter — all of whom, both God the Father, God the Saviour and God the Holy Spirit, would continue to be the same whether we existed or not— who would have been the 'same whether these poor sinning, suffering creatures which we call 'we ouraelves' had never so much as been created ; then you must see we can only come to the conclusion with the Psalmist that there is a 'Bock that is higher than I' upon which we can and must build ; and further, that if it pleases God this day or this night to vouchsafe to us a sensible proof of His love to make us feel penitent, justified and sanctified, such a feeling would not cause us to feel elated or self-confident, or despisers of others, and for this very good reason our trust and confidence would no longer be inside, but UUUrUUU Ul UUIUCXTBD' V^UtJ CliCUU OUU11 £1. feeling: would have upon us, and that is, if, after experiencing such sensible proofs of God'8 living meroy, we should not wake up t i-morrow and find all our trust shaken and upset, because we were the same as we had been this morning, foolish and sin ning ; because we should recognise that as such, foolish and sinning God had dealt with ub, we should realise that our religion was built and based upon some thing outside o: us ; soint thing which is in Heaven itself and then comes d^wn by God's wonderful revelation, from God out answer this test ? Is it an echo, a response to a fact— a faot indestructable and un alterable, even though every man and we amongft them, were infidels, hypocrit«3, and lisrs ? Of one thing we may be certain, that everything is evil and bad in pur religion which brings self into prominence. It does not matter what it is, whether it be the religious sen, sne penitent sen, ido □?- liovine: Belf, or the conscientious, diligent, and pious self ; the contemplation of each and all of these views of self comes from the same source, as we are told in St. Matthew, (v. 37) it ' cometh of evil.' If we want to be truly religious we must forget self. It is true there must be a dealing with God in private, in secret; but, oh, let it be very private, very secret 1 All the blazoning forth of our hoiiect emotions may be very exciting, very gratifying, but is it God's way ? We are bidden to come to God as we are, to Christ as we are, to the Holy Ghost as we are, and alone to touch Him, grasp Him, and obtain life. Am I not right then in Bay ing that the first essential in our religion should be height ; it is only another name for depth. Is not this the answer to the question 'What is True Religion ?' It is God and man, God and the soul, God and the life — this is religion. God speaks' and man answers, God reveals and man responds. God guides and the life obeys ; stand not apart from the living God. It io death — it will bs hell to' be separated from the fountain of our being. God has spoken, it is for us to lifeten. He has let down' from Seaven a chain of communication, whereby we may be brought into closer relations with Him — Revelation is His message'*': to us — Devotion of life and soul should be our reply.— Stanley Leathes 'Religion of Christ.' Vtiughan's Sermons, etc. ? 