OH EC K MAT ED; A Dccip-Laid Plot. By. CAPTAIN W. D. L'EST!RANGE. \---.4- The world has gone wrong with toe lately. so to speak, I, (terald Mortimer, a young man about town, a ionmbherof two West end clubs, and of expensive if not extravagant tastes, had qolarrolled with.my uncleo-t' only living relative I had, excepting a half. cousin-from whom hitherto Ilhad recelved a hanodsome olarterly allowance, and, as tie phrase goes, S'ad " great. expectations." But this was not the worst cf It. I was desperately In love with a very pretty girl, and though no actual engagement existed between na, I had fondly bellhved that I was acceptable not only to the young lady lin question, but to her parents. Now, how. ever, to add to my chagria at findineg myself onmpliaratively without means, I fanieed, rightly or wrongly., thnt I was receiving the "cold shouldor" fromn the father and mother of my adorable Mabel. To live and clotbo myself decently, pay the somewhat heary subscription to ily two clubs, andi keep up the aforementioned rather expensive tastes, I had jest two hundred pounds a year-the rental of asmall hlnded property ieiueathed to n a m hiy I lte father. My diebts, to be iire, were neither overwhelming nor particularly pressing. A couple of hundred or so would pay them ; but then, agein, that couple of hundred wan twelve months' incongme. This uncle of mine, imy dead father's elder brother, from whom my chief source of income had been derlved, was q county squire, with a big rent-roll; jovial and hos. jitablo as a rule, but eccentric to a degree. The mischief between us had conme about as inexpected as it was sudden. I had been no. cused of that of which I was as innocent as ababe, and in hotly iepudiating the charge had given dire offence. However, although parting in anger, it was not until my mone. tary allowance was stopped that I realised the bitterness of the quarrel. John MIortilmer, may half-eonsin, was a young fellownbout a year or two iliy junior ; but somehow, althoughl so near of an age, as well as being relatives, and frequently meet ing, we had never taken kindly to ench other. And now I shrewdly suspected that whatever of mischietf had stepped between ly ulncle anld IIe had been wrought by Master Jack uMortimer, and that it should not be my fault if hlie were not brought to book. However, after what I have written, and much more, having bieen the subjects ofstny thoughts for sone days, I determinoed to make a last effort to set mantters right with lily uncle. I had been accused of gambling -of having lost upwards of five hundred pounds at cards at one sitting-which was utterly false; for whatever mny failings, the curse of gambling could not be reckoned amongst them. Ono spring morning, after a nighlt journey of a COupl e of hundred miles froml town, foilnd ti e at tilhe nearest railway station to my unleo's manor, with no luggage heyond a small travelling bag and a rug. Tihe little malket town where I alighted was but five miles from the Hall, anil breakfast. big at the one decent hotel in thie plce, I elected to walk the divitnce, leaving my en cumbrances in charge of tile landlady, to whom I was well known. On the way, and especially aswhio I arrived at the piarh, the unpllleasant feeling was strong ipon ime that mty unucle luight ldecliine to grant ame the interview which I now sougiht. Like tihe generality of hot.tem. pered people, his passion wae soon over; and yet, when oisposed, lie could be ns obstinate as most men, ano his brother magistrates had proved on many oeensions. Blht to nmy agreenble surprise I was told, utter lily or. rival haid been announced by olne of the old servants-a strange experience to are then to, have to send inll y tlanmoe-that " the ssqtuire" would come to nte ill the library at Whitcever feeling of hope mighthave been inl lly healt s to ia reconciliation between us suddenly left it as my unclueeltered. Ili handsomel and sunally kindly old face was dark with dislilenure, and there wasr a cold, colltemlasptuouis tlance in his bhilu eyes as they met, inla whiich I hail never seen be fore. " liave you ino sense of shame left, (Gerald Martimner," Ie said in a harel voice, after lhe had closed the door behiindi ihni," tlhat yoiu have tie eflruontry to come to this hoille? - voull, who hiavi disgrnced the nanme you bear -disgraced thile nttmory of your gallant father. whoin died for his cointly--andl have ernlanittlid vulgar crime against uoclety and mtie?" to 1 Lail to understand you, air," I rejoined, utterly astoinded at his words. "If you are alluding to to the necnatin you lltiade against mne ns to ganublliu.g, I repudiate it now ans I did before. In fact, I aln here to day to try-" "'shaw I" lie interrupted. " Honest men have gambled ; and in time I might have forgiven it, if you had stopped at that, and shown your regret for what lunad iassed. hInt you-you, It Mortimer-to stoop to for. gery," " It is false," I cried--" false as the other charge I And whoever has polisoned your mind against me, lies in hits teeth llI" "erndld Mortimer, do niot add falsehood to your other tmisdeeds," continued the squire; "for, unnmppily, I hold the proof that you, my own nephew, have forged my name." And as he spoko, my uncle took from the breast pocket of hit shooting jacket a letter, from which, when unfolded, he produceod a smallcrplcce of paper. "Examine that, sir,': he added, "and let mo hear if you have the effrontery to like. wise deny your own signature ?" I could scarcely credit my own eyesglht when I looked at what was written within. It was a dishonored acceptance for sil hundred ipounds, drawn a little over three monthes before oupon Ilichard Mortimer, Es. gnire, and signed (lernld Mortimer, anil all. inrentlyl duily eic iptedl by ily uncle. "Vehllt sir,"s edl ioe, hmpatlently, "what have yous to ay " "That I have never seen this doctument berrore to-day," I anslwered. " What I" lie thundered. "Do you.anro Io deny to me your owin slgnuatlre, whchb I know ns well as I do lly own?": " do deny it I" I addhled, pnasionately. " The signaturs is sit goo nit iniltatlon of minel tlhat uinder oruinary ireumenslances it might ih ereulvl even Ilonyamll ; bit I sweur to yrmle, sir, tt I tvoer IItrawor inecepted a bill Inl my life." I tnk i that my incle bseloved ne, for tho whole exprension of hit face cbanugl ; hut still, 's he tolk thue bill from nmo, he glniced at it iignll ned nagain wlthl a puzzled hIoh, for, as will Itrcsuftly appoar, Lhtrro woe ,iioo crniiirmitory cvlitenee li hits Intlid, III addition ta thie Iiindwrltlnig. ieeing thut ihe rhelalid, and was inot Just lthenlL dilposedi to speal, I ardded " Will you plaen to tell tme, sir, til tlhal ins. tresi)lrcd, so far nas 'ni are awnre, In connectllrO wlith lhhatfr acrieeiihtel ?" "i Y ies," h reiii'id, " tlt is otly fair. As !I U inderlnln hLit waireePiite hi dIloe corse Io lhe flloden algenlltsl of mny hatllkersI whol, hlnvilg. rlcivedt l no Instrlletlons, dclined tio Ipy it. On being comnliunlentcd with, I ulfridintl l all hltiowlrdgle of slchb ndraft, until, hi n'y Ior'ror, I teintlicl tflit If rare Sin rt ishi. tmnlll lllr e, hlll, th, snlay i the hlinil r nt ;ir ltlrlri, I llave Ie r llsniliions that lholuldh hr' treIi iiii . AtI III h ll h n lllot le I rhrirs lhe Ihatl h iqitiishould be ir irhu'tll ireni thhr rhiu i r i whorIiise hullll II waii --Ia W\:istetnidl rlrlee.lneY i'lir-- urtiiel! ,l t1Iit liio ilP'relltllll e tlb hill hfr im1, Mh i llirlheril, thuh. yt l vlrll kiirOwii tI llI IIIlI,+ la ,ll t e, ' IIum' litIenl rt i i lI' lhit' b I lh,' hijlll,e i WIIIt puIrr rlrh tie bl, ,oullr I1lltlHI ,ll rll in hilml." hr I I Ii r rhe l , c1 l iIr l , I. ir," I Iidl, ai , i m 111,11111119t lnh r whl , I har] tak .1ll 11 n and + a' ne, _ n th,' fo, a:*,l hill, " I lIt,\Y lh nil lelyil I hr bll I Itrllh v hta hl l e I i IIn . I h alY 1i'' 1 11I, lllle ,t' ,lr r m, itl l it n fIll, , I te ii V l ( i lk tIII hii I t oy ille." 'im mhiehur lnhs uirlirrn ymar ihrnre I ldmmi i IiM r.h Ir lti llU V. Ii ir r y , Iiy al r m Ie'i 'I nr sdir," I aldcd l ' e" Cld I ali Irlur back to London at once to face this rascally manny.lender." " You will stay hero until to.morrow," said my uncle, looking at his watch. " I want time to think, and to talk the matter over quietly." " If you pldeao, no, sir," 1 rejoined, deter. mintedly. "Tim answering of na in. ailleous charge like this `admits of no do. lay." ""But you have- becn travelling all night, I expect," added the squire, "and require some rest, surely 1" The words were kindly meant aId ex. pressed, but I was resolvcd to depart, and after a hasty luncheon I was driven in a dogcanrt to the railway station, being just in time to call for my bag and rug, and catch an up fast train. The following morning, shortly before eleven o'clock, found me at the office of the money-lender who hadl hold the forged rc. clptance, and who had asseacrted that e had received it from ine. luch to may chagrin, however, I was told that ie was niOt ill, and would not be at business until the mlorrow. There was but one solitary clerk in the tillee, a sharp-eyed old man, who glanced at me curlously, and, as it occurred to meo,as though I as not tin. known to him ; and, moreover, on declining to give mty name, I fancied thile ghost of a smile played about his thin lips.. After leaving the money.lendr's offilco I otrolled along liccadilly to the park. Being just then ina the height of the season, and a brilliant morning, the ltow was pretty full of equstrians, many of whom were known to me. I had been leaning over the railings for some time, but happened to turn round at the momeont a carriage was passing along the drive going westward. - In it were seated ily adorable Mabel and her father, and as I raised my int, tho fair object of my affec. tiens gave m an little bow and a half. frightened smile; but, to ty disgust and anger, the gentleman vouchsafed not the slightest acknowledgement to my saluta tion. Considering that, if not actually an ao. captled suitor of his daughter, my preten. tions hail not been ignored, antd hat for two peasons I had been n welcome visitor to his house, this slight was, to say the least of it, offensivl!. However, I was only being taught the differenco between an helr presumptive to mlch wealth and a young man with two huondrod pounds a year. The following day I was to have another odd experience of life, but of a far different kind. I was to met with a enso of the most unlparallleled impudence and audacity that esrely manl ever encountered. About the snome hour as on the previous morning I once more called at the ofilce of the money. lender, bill tliscounter, or whatever he might style himself, and, as though I were expected, was immediately bushered into blie private room, Ilnannounced as tonume. He was young, well.dressed, and not bad look. ing, and received me with a very cool nod, " \hien I tell you that I am Mr. (terald Mnortimer," I said, "you will guess the ob-. ject of my visit." "There is no occasion to give me your name," was the cool rejoinder, "for I have too much cause to rememberit and you. It bents me, Mr. Gerald Mortimer, how you have tim? assurance to show your face hero again after foisting upon mo a forged bill." " You infamous neutindrel," I orclaihted, ahlost beside mlyself with rage, "you know this is the first time that over you spoke to me in your life, and you have the audacity tio sit there andt avow that I have had transactions willth you 1" "' Go on, my friend," retorted the fellow, with an insolent ltugh. " No," I added, " I tare nothing more to say to you. The police areo the proper parties to lent with such rascals as you. Marik mIe, manll, you and your accomplices in this conspiracy ahall feel the penaltlies of tile law. 'You htave forged, or connived at the forgery, of both tmy uncle's signature and mine, and you shall sutter for it." The seoundrel laughed deflantly as I walked out of his rootlt-a scofing, mocking lnugh that I could hear until I got into the street, Once clear of his infamous den, my first idea was to go to fcotland Yard and place tin matter in the hbands of the police authorities; nad I actually went some dis. tanuc towards Charing Cross with that in. tention in my mind. A little thought, how. ever, induced cme to decide upon taking the adivice of ao old friend of Initlo before doing anything furthler. lie wns a man my senior by olnly a year or two-for we Ihad been serhoolll lows-hut one upton whose good offices antd knowledge of the world I could thoroughly rely. On r.aclhing his chambers in the Albany he received tme kindly. Then, when he had listened to my story, he said : ''A rancally liusiness, (I erald, mly boy, and I question if your first idea of going direct to Scotland Yard would not have been the best thing )yout could have done. However, there will be nothing dost by waiting until tomtorrow. I)lue with mto to.night, go with me to the opera, attd then you sball have my decisinn before we we art,' "Agreed I" I ouswered ; and ' having gone bome to dress I joined my friend later Over dinner be told me that lie had already come to tihe conoltusion that I mutst seeo the poller, and it was arranged that he should accompany me to Scotlatnd Yard on the following morninrg. It was rather late when wa got to Covent Garden T'heatro, but we were in time for the last two acts of tihe opera, and stayed out the ballot. On get. ting down into the lobby there was a bit of a crush, for there had been a very ftll house, and we had to wait for a minute or two. At length, as woe were making our way out, somebody pushend against, me-rudely, as ituoetned-anl I turned to see who wans the ngressor. To, my natonishment I dis. covered that the man standing nearest to me, and who mnst have been the person who joatled ome, was the rascally money. lender with whom 1 had hald the interview that morning. 1oe was ovidentlyonly wait. Ing to son the people depart, for lie was not in evening dress, and as our eyes ltet there was an insolent, nggravatig sneear on Ilhis foeo. Posslly thbo push which the fellow gave meo might have been accidental, but the sneer and tlhe iasolent look were not, and without, atllought. of,.wlhere I was-that ladles were almost touching tme ,on the other ailoe-1 struck int, fltraight from the shoulder ots ver it went itt my life, tay right list eaullht . l. full itn the a l. ,utht. , nI dl hie went dowt with a crash. It was all over in a few oecolnds. Itoma peoplel came he. tweon us, my friend seized me by thie arn, ani preseotly we were in a handtsnoe cabh boeing driven westward. i Gerald, my boy, what were yoll tlitnklng abtt?" atlil my comlpanion wheln Ie hadl got mt into ihlo cohl "In the tnmes of itenth anld order, my dear follow, wlmt Ilad the man done to you that you ahould knock lim down IIlkett?"i I ltont to Io i" I antswered, hotly. " It was the ftllow we wcrousleallingo todayy tile rr.seally tmoney.lentlor who forgedl, or at all oveots hhld that till." " Ohl, th I" ejaculateld lly friemd, laulhitg IsoIftly I "I ltdersLtni It all Inow. Nucer. thellee, yotu wonll tavo hittn i wiH(nr IIIa if you lhad kepl tyor hands otil hil,."' I coillt not t!ltp it," I r'joitelCI . ", 11 p u tshed tgail n istlie vii wI! iver t ilnIlllnt ilti itel if yltou had poiet II tile Pi,, rhal wat ln his inie, I Ifnllly ymil wonlll d have dloelll n I did if viu hatt bi' n I n liy pit i tii,,iI0 i iilrh ipt'" Wa h it iidiiiii l t u t it ulituy. Illow wt! ii ti l bet itotiltt! Ilim in tllt nltortt lg at or we, Inlmy hove hhu Invokliig tLhet nhl Of a iioeiLliat' IIW' litI of OI rsitviiiLII i e I t ta |lI tii UI u-lv it lli tI ell t lo tel ill whIlh I w1 aI t ml i f t ,iih i little ih lhlhinl al hil h lllllint thn ellrr htellh ghL of w lhich lii friiii llud ll l rl I wet lhlorty(o he wI tsllllsl I?; ,,J ' In (hre, i u than tlnke leanl fill user to, hlah of llaI d amlorll st ihem a t h ulll l i rtls. i in l u rillslili who hal d hbeu ou duty, aud W ! hallul 11nl hiliii lU lly 1i1illlntes hi the I ull I1iill l oulln-- jil i t0 illR I fit ht'I f lh e k1011!· lIU1at that, tlio of the slulch?eri was ;.ingl, either dead or dying, on a couch in the card room. Sllringing to or feet we hurried in abody to the adjoining apartument, and never shall I forget the scene which a moment or two later met my eyes. Lying on one of the couches, his limbs and features fixed in the last terrible coin. vulsions of death, was my own cousin, Dick Mortimer, and almost as we arrived there all was over. Apoplexy some of the men said it was, but poiorned by his own act it proved to be when the doctors had examined the body and the Inquest had been held. Tie cause of death, however, I guessed at that night, or, more correctly speaking, in the early inurs of the morning, when t re. turned to my rooms. Lying on tile table I found a letter fron toy unhappy cousin, which had arrived during my absenoe. In It he confessed, out of a spirit of pique and revonge, to having forged my name to the bill anti our unole's acceptance of it. His accomplice, the moneylender, he further stated, was to have the proceeds for con. niving at this criminal transaction, and, in fact, had been the one to suggest the scheme for ruining me. I teleraplmed at once to the squire, and hie arrived in town with the least possible delay. In the interval the police had been at work, but their endeavors to arrest the rogue of a money.lender had been fruitless. His clerk was found at the oflice, but professed to know nothing, and his master, so far as I have been able to learn, was seen no more. He had drawn a large cheque upon his bank, leaving baut a balance of a few pounds, en the previous afternoon, and the last that was known of him was when I knocked him down at Covent Garden Theatre. That I was restored to my uncle's favor and to my old position as to" expectations," it is scarcely necessary for me to relate ; but it may be interesting if I add that I married Mabel, and thereby became one of the most happy of mortals. 