? Mica. Suicide. Theatre. Pleasant. Junction. Visionary. A queer mine. ' Terrible death. \- Stray cablegram. •"Peelers" proud. Big fire at Laura. Lions in the path. Universal.suffrage. A slave of phrases. Hard o^ the dcctor. . Orizaba o1 io London. Not much .progress yet. No need for pessimism. The forward movement. A remarkable impostor. Dr. Cockburn had a say. Mrs. Mary Lee jubilant, A dweller in the heavens. , Warm for the ex-Premier. Lost himself in the clouds. Copley has got a foot, too. Magnifying the difficulties. "Drusilla" on Friday night. Equal justice for both sexes. Last number of ihe ^ttstraf. What did the General think? Silver Tongue's turn has come. Rabbits starving out the sheep. Robert Homburg is doing well. Run for the speoulators' benefit. Barometer at noon to-day, 29-82. Admirable efficiency of the police. That gaol bird was caught up a tree. Is the Rev. C. Lane quite orthodox ? A pat on the back for Mr. J. P. Jones. Constitution of Australia in the crucible. B.H. Junction Directors asked to resign.' ' Natives wanting in loyalty to their organ. Almost a civil war in parte of Queensland. The " foroe" liath honour in another colony. Touching account of Bradlangh's last houiL Commander WalcoS is a popular yx> ;htsman. The Austral was a very creditable paper too. Wesleyan ordination at Kent Town tonight. No fire and brimstone from the Rev. C. Lane. Ninety-four bedrooms in the Grand Coffee Palace Escapee Adone has returned to his frea lodgings. Mr. Giles didn't lose the chance for a grumble. Women's suffraare movement making great headway. The gentle Joseph Adone was found in a; pear tree. Weighty paper on defences from General Edwards. Will Bartie say that this ia a squatters' Government ? That deputation of pasfcaralists didn't thank Mr. Copley. Mr. Frearson confessed to having beea sofisoaped.' ! . • "The Rev. Dr. Oswald Keat'nge" was a wonderful fraud. Rev. Hugh Gilmore a strong supporter of women's suffrage. Strong feeling in Adelaide against th«> Junction Directorate. It was reserved for Mr. Homburg to effecfc. that important saving. Eighty-one unpunishad murders in Victoria between 1853 and 1888. T Donation of £100 from the Ministry to the . Bews Memorial Fund. Government resolved not lo erect long' lines) of rabbit- proof fencing. Temperance bodies preparing for a big? demonstration on the 21st. S.A. Alliance will have something to sxyt about the Council elections. - Sir John Robertson is afraid that federation: will be inimical to free trade. Balance-sheets are printed with ratepayers" money for public information. To" print" a balance-sheet) without " pub** lishing" it must be a misprint. The late "Dr. Keatinge's" last literary production was entitled "Damned." More interested in the ,world that is to be* than in the world that used to be. Mr. Bradlaugh died as he had .lived—"a< consistent and conscientious Atheist." Sun rose at 5.58 a.m.; sets at <>.23 p.inU: Moon rose at 6.23 a;m.; sets ~at 7.11 p.m. ' Suburban footpaths paved Only half their' width responsible for many a sprained foot. . Dr. Cockburn would reach federation by. revising and improving the Federal Council.'^ A fair promise of our Defence Fo«.ces being ; established oii-8i more complex And effc^fcivd If female suffrage is to be a success a large number of the sex will have to mend theic ways. " The opposition to women's suffrage restednot upon law, but upon barbataus senti- - ments." Shame on young Australia that 'their own; organ has had to give up the ghost for want o£ : support. More money spent in killing rabbits for tbe« squatters than has been received in rents forthe runs. Adelaide Corporation have in view restrictive-' legislation as to youths and girls vending; newspapers. • , r In the absence of more important - public ' works, a small loan would pave footpaths theivtentire width. . General Edwards is of opinion that our fieek ought to be able to unite with the China and; Pacific squadrons. - < Cordial greetings from the G.O.M. to theyoung democracy, and also-to the great labour-, bodies of Australia. - The McKinley tariff has done more good tofree trade than even its promoters thought ill would do for protection. The gist of Mr. Copley's reply to the squat-* ten is that they must kill the rabbits themselves or forfeit their leases. "Dr. Cockburn is nothing if he is not philosophical, and when he is philosophical h»; seldom touches solid earth." General Grenfell, of Alexandria, received Register business cablegram addressed from* London to "Grenfell, Adelaide." Only too true, alas! that " there are certain - Christians who axe utterly unscrupulous in what they say about an Atheist." Our western neighbour won't agree to a population basis of representation for the Federal House of Representatives. The English Bar might well follow jthe preedent-of the medical profession, and admitr Australian barristers to practise without .- xamination in English Courts. Rev. Mark Guy Pearse says of Booth's scheme—" In many respacts it is the boldest and best that has been propounded for the' relief of the misery of the land." ' Queensland is far and away ahead of all the' other oolonies in the encouragement of immi- 1 gration from the British Isles, having spenttm this object no less than £1,400,000 during tbe past decade. The loyalty of Australia is}notf(Lord Carrington -chows) the old loyalty of subjects to a> ; sovereign, but the loyalty of one democratic community to that other democratic community: from which it sprang. TheRev. C. Lane said there was a time when preachers could put any amount of fire and brimstone into their sermons and make them' blase. That time was past. Men to-day did not believe in eternal torment, but that whafc, - torment there was they carried with them. FAX—Oh, yes. It is a fact that the fascinating young lady, Juliet Cappelletto, and the courtly young masher, Romeo Montecchio, were linked together in the holy bonds at Cittadella, March 11, 1302. But you know the name of many a scamp has been immortalized in Delphio verse more durable than granite that otherwise would have "perished' from the earth" like a rotten potato. Now this is what that cynical critic has tosay about R. and J. after he had thrown away his Shakesperiau spectacles:—" Never were events so adapted for tne tragic web so unhappily distorted as the guilty loves of "Romeo and Juliet," a plos simple and patheti--. solemn and retributive, which petrifies the tear about to flow. BUB the P9et rejects the sauiiiegious fact that Juliet was sitting in the chair of penitence at the time when Romeo was placed covertly behind the grating with her subtle confessor, in order to deceive her toother, who was present. Yefc the catastrophe is justified, and the severe comment of Johnson is justified, viz., that 'Julie* played most of her pranks under the mask 01 religion.'" 