! CHAPTERXST-"As GENTTJE AND AS JOCUND AS A JEST."' Mr.. Gilatone thought long and: seriously of his interview -svitli. the younglady who was known to Low'combe as Mrs. Hanley. Iu his many years' widowhood,during . .which' his madden sister-.Tabi tha had cared for' liis crea ture comforts, kept his servants, in order, main tained' :a- spottfess- propriety' throughout- his roomy old'house, ancL assisted, him- with/counsel and manual labor .in,his-cherished garden and churchyard, hen'mind had-become the other half of his mind, and lie-had no secrets from her/ not even the- secrets of- other people; bq within a few hours of that.conversation, m God's Aore Tabitha Gils tone i knew as much of Mrs. Hanley's sorrows as liar , brother had been able to discover. Tabitha. was not .surprised'to hcar»tlmt there was something ?wrong./ Thafc had bee iv decided by the consentient voices.ofLowcombe some weeks ago.'. Tabitha sorrowed,.for this poor young woman as she always sorrowed for human, error, with its inevitable-sequence of human' suffering; most-, especially- when the sinner was young, .said,' perhaps - with just one extra touch of tenderness.iwlifln.the smner was fair. She was sorrowful,; but .she was not sur prised. She was not'orie of''those women who are cmiek to pronounce''the -female sinner a calculating minx, and'theanale sinner an art less victim. She felt^very, angry with the un known owner of the.'.Rosary,.and denounced, him in unmeasured- terms; . '' The _ scoundrel, she cried, "not content:withi having'brought disgrace upon a pretty,- refined young .creature, he must needs try to pervert lier mind. First lie makes her an outcast, and then he. makes her an atheist. " Don't be too hard, Bertha," remonstrated' the rector, "I daresay Mr. fiarley does not think he is doing any wrong, in introducing; this poor girl to the new learning. Ho thmlCB that-lie is leading her into'the light of- truth; not into the darkness .of infidelity. You don t? know how arrogant the new school of agnostic eism is, how confident in materialism as the royal road-to the well-being of mankind. ; Toe us* who Ix'Iieve tiie unbelievers can find nothing but- contemptuous pity. I expect to find tins young man a difficult subject te deal with. _ He has been spoilt by too much wealth and a little learning!" ' , " ' "But vou will do all you can, Basil, urged Miss Gils tone, " you: will persuade him to be have honorably; or if lie is such a wretoli as to refuse, I'hope you will porsuade that poor girl to leave him at once and for ever. Let net come to us if she is friendless; I will find a home for her either in this house or with some of my friends." . "Ah, Tabitha, how many girls have we-evcr succeeded in turning from the way of fevil while there were any flowers along the .path; It is only when they conic to the thorns-and briars that they can be pei-suded to turn l>aok. However, I mean to do my uttermost in tins case." . " And how much, good you have done m such eases, Basil. How many happy wives and mothers on the other side of the world have to thank yon that they are not outcasts in the streets of London ?" The keen impression made by Iibv Conversa tion; with the-Vector wore-off as the dreamy days went by. and Hester once mo.e was happy and tai?.siiam«l of her Happiness, likei Eve in J^en. The river was still at its loveliest, and Gerard and Hester spent the greater part of their days in a punt moored in'some romantic backwater, or by some willowy eyot, he stretched in sybarite- idleness among- down cushions,1 she reading aloud'to him. ? She-had a beautiful voice,. and~by long habit reading aloud had'become very easy to her; Together in: this way they dipped into W. E. Clifford and 'Herbert Spencer, Compte, and Mill-he picking out chapters or essays for her to read, she accepting meekly,- whatever he'put before her as the best. They-read flio poets also, in these golden afternoons, when there was just enough of coolness to make, the west, wind-crisp and pleasant and no hint of a Mind' from the east. One morning she happened, to mention the launch and tlie fair-haired, pale- faced youtig man whose .joyous gusts of laughtevtliad inten sified her sadness. "I felt melancholy* and-. despondent that afternoon,", she said, "and his. laughter saddened me." " Describe him to me again, Htester,' said Gerard. "Stay," He sketched a profile lightly in the-fly-leaf: of a book,- and 'handed the. book to-her." " Was yoimlaughing youth like that':" . '{Yes," she cried, wonderingly, " that is the very face. You know him, then?" "' Yes, I know him." I He took a letter, out? of liis- pocket and re read it, frowningly, a letter that had come to him with his last, batc-h from the - post-office at Heading. " What has beeomc of you? Where are you hiding yourselfwrote Justin Jermyn. ? " Surely you are tired of- your Garden of Eden by this time. I heard or you in- London the other day, so you have not carried your bliss to some faraway valley where the novelty of your environment might "prolong-.- the freshness of your feelings. I can fancy no impassioned Jove lasting more than six weeks.. The strain upon mind and imagination is too great-the tension must- snap the cord. 4 May not one see you? Is your happiness too sacred for the vulgar eye of a friend'! I feel sure the dear young lady would like me, how ever she may "object to 'the nick of your ac quaintance--and for the rest I am discretion itself-a very lion's mouth for any secret you may drop into me; as deep, as silent as tliat deep water near the. Church oLSt. George the Greater, where the enemies of the Venetian public sleep so quietly. Seriously, I am pining to see yon. Tell me when and where I am .to go. to you. Remember there is a mystic sym pathy which links-your life to mine. You cannot escape-me. Whether you-will or no, in your joys andjin your sorrows I shall be near vou.-Y ours for life, " J. J." A hateful letter to Gerard in liis present mood, rendered, still more hateful by the idea that Justin Jermyn might be his near neigh bor. "Did you see the liame of^the launch V he asked. "2so; I only noticed the young-man's face, and that, the girls who .were grouped about him were handsome and attractive. Is he a man whom you dislike?" "Yes, whenlam away from him. But? when I am iu his company he always contrives to amuse and interest me, so. that in spite'of my self he seems my dearest friend. " "I understand," saicY Hester.- "He is very clever-but- not a good; man. And yet he had such a joyous laugh, and seemed so happy." "My clearest, do you think' only tlie good people are happy. Some of the most joyous spirits in this world, have, gone along with hearts utterly and innately bad;" They were taking tea on the lawn a day or two after this conversation; their rustic table and restful wicker chairs, grouped, under a great weeping ash which had once been the chief feature of the cottage garden,, wlien. a boat shot rapidly towards, the rustic, landing stage, and a lissom form appeared upon the steps and came with airy footsteps, mercurial, vivid as light, across the close-shorn turf. "At last," cried -Justin Jermyn. "i thought I could not be mistaken." "In whom, or in what'*"' asked Gerard, starting to his feet and contemplating the unhidden guest with a most forbidding frown. '' In my old friend Mr. Hanloy. I am stay, ing with Matt Muller, the landscape painter, 011 his house-boat hard by Wargrave; .and. I heard, casually the description of a certain Mr. and Mrs. Hanley, who are in some wise a mystery to the neighborhood-the lady ex quisitely beautiful (with a bow and a smite for Hester), the gentleman inordinately rich, young, idle-all that my dear friend Gerard is, in short. So I made a shrewd guess as to Mr. Hanlev's identity, and-me voici. Pray pre sent me to Mrs. Hanley." He stood before them smiling, self-assured, light as Ariel himself, clad from top to toe in white, and with glints of sunlight iu his blonde hair, and a delicate transparency in liis blonde complexion, untouched by wind or weather. He looked as if nothing were further from his thoughts than the suspicion that liis company could be in any wise distasteful. Hester had risen in confusion and stood leaning a little against one of the low branches of the ash, blushing painfully. This was the first visitor who had broken the spell of their sweet solitude, and, as in their meeting with the rector, she felt again the sharp bitter sense of being brought face to face with that outer world which could but think ill of her. "Mr. Jermyn - my wife," said Gerard . gravely, with emphasis upon the word wife. Justin Jermyn dropped into one .of the low chairs, settled himself iu a nest of dainty . Moorish' ciishlonV'a'nd^waited" to-be -refreshedf" ^witl&teBi;>Mhich"Iiesten prepared jfqij him with! i h^d5'which trembled I a little-?defepite her> I efforts at self-controli-, In heri-- conversations k udth"the>rectdv.: tlia:'erase oKtKe^old man's'-: fatherly" pity had-i.btfen* more than she couldv bear without tears. In the presence of Justin. Jeimyn that which she felt was the sense of a hidden malignity, the consciousness of -being despised and made light of by the man who;,. fawned upon her. She-handed him his cup in silence, offered1" him the light daintite from the prettily decked table with the air" of 2)erforming a social duty in- which her- inclination-- had no part, and when she-had :doue this she opened a big ; Florentine umbrella and walked slowly away, . leaving the two men under the asli. - i -7 " Hew sjty&he;~is,"'said'Jermyn, looking i after her,." and how lovely. ' Even your rap ? turous. tirades' liad hardly, prepared me. for. so I mueh- beauty-.- Yes,- it- is the-trae-Raffaelle ! See-the transparent purity,of. coloring-the , delicate and.unobtrusive featiiresT-7-7-" I ? " Why-did-yeu-lmnt me down-here;?" de? : mauded-Gerard, rudely, breaking in. upon* the® j encomiums. "Do you suppose, that when, a ' man has-made a paradise for himself-remote and. secret-he wants to be intruded upon % " . \- "T he-serpent," interrupted1 Jermyn. "Pec hapsnot. Yet the serpent'always find his way in through some gap.in. the hedge.- And.after all therebe limits- to the pleasures of; a dual solitude. Love may- remain. unchanged, but-j ideas become exhusted, and'th'e tete*:tete begins- to bore.- If- the serpent hadn't.upset everything at an early stage in their, union how heartily, sick of Eden Adam and Eve must have ;become by the time Cain and Abel .were weaned. Don't, be . angry, Gerard; Granted that I am a pushing, cad,, and that I go when I like to go rather than where I am wanted. I come' to you with all the news of the town, of the world, fresh in pay mind, the scandals, and follies-aixl- the- social- entanglements of which, your newspapers tell-you nothing.. You can surely put up with me for an hour .02: so.h Gerard put up with him till midnight. He J dined at the. Rosary, and the little dinner; of I three had a gaity which the tete-a-tete dinners j had somewhat lacked lately. Even Hester was I amused.by a style of conversation that was new I to, her, and the unpleasant effect of Mr. I Jermyn's personality wore off and. was almost I forgotten. Ho evidently liked aud admired j CJerard, and that was much in his favor. I The moon was at the full, silvering wood and I meadow* river and islet, as they bade the visitor I good night and stood aud watched him row I down the stream towards Wargrave> a ghost- j like figure in his white-raiment under, the cold I white light. | "He amused you, Gerard," said Hester as I they.-.walked- slowly back-to-tlie. house. "I was j glad to hear you laugh so merrily. We have I been, too ? serious' of late--our books have-sad- I dened'us;" I "Yes, they all tell the same story-; that? J nature , is everything; and .we are nothings j Jeimyn is an amusing rascal, and-as I told-yau I yesterdaj', X like hint-well enough, .when-. I am, ( with him," - j "You called-mo your wife when-you intra- I dueed him to me," murmured Hester,' hidingher I fncenponhis shoulder. " You will never let J him .find'-out thafc-.L, am-any thing (les3 than I your wifer-vilLy.qu*; Gerard ?. .1 feetaa if .tliafe I man's scorn would wither me." 1 V " His scorn. r'Hy: dearest,. lfe~adjnires-ryotr I beyond measure,. and do you;thinksrhetlis the I [ kind of man to lie influenced in his-'opinion of I ! any woman, by a- mai-riagct- certificate ? Her j knows tl^at I adore you. : He shallmever know I I anything else aboxit.us but that we; ai'e devoted* I I to each" other.. And,if .ber.is.eveiv,wanting in I reverence for you," in ithe smallest.* degrdS£, he I | shtdl-neverenterour house.again;" . i . CHAPTER JcXIi-"CdiriAifE. Djeaii. HAEPI 1 NE5ft''\vx'nr'LIVINS WOK." I After that' one- evening's hospitable enter- J tainmeiifcMiv. Jermyn considered himself free I of the Rosary. Hc'drbpped in at any hour he I liked, and always-brought- cheerfulness, with I him. He joined Hester, and' Gerard' in .their I long, lazy mornings-in . the punt,, discussed I their-books, old and-new; seeming-to know } every book that had ever made its mark in the 1 world, and( to. remember, as few readers , :re.» 1 member. Gerard, was. certainly the gayer for I his compnny, and listened with interest to au I account of the visitors-on the Pegotty, where Matt JNiftlk4? received a- society that could only I be ^escribed as: mixed. . Happily the Pegotty I \Vas bc-rthed at a- distance of1 ten miles,' and the I painter's Bohemian guests rarely went over a I milebeyond her moorings. j : All the' dreamy, seriousness that had' tine- I Hired Hester and Gerard's long dialogue [ evaporated iir the presence of Justin Jermyn, I like the mist wreaths-that float- upward from | the rivereide- meadows under the. broadening- I sunshine. The greatest problems in life* and I time were touched as:lightly by Jermyn as the J airiest nothings of tea-tablegossip.. Itwasini- I possible to be earnest in the society* of a man I Jot whom existence.was a. jest, and the Syba* I rite's luxury the. supreme good belowthe-starH. I "If I ever- contemplate- another world it I appears , to me as a planet , in. which there is I perpetual, summer; a place where-there are no I bad cooks and where the fowls of the air have | no legs," he said, with his joyous laugh, when I Hester pleaded for that last forlorn hope of { man's progressive existence somewhere, some* j how. I Mr. Gilstone called, twice at the Rosary j during those halcyon days-at the beginning, of I October, only to find that Mr. and Mrs. Hanley j were out on tlie river. Gerard toised the j rector's cards aside with a contemptuous .laugh { on the second time of finding them on the hall | table. J " What pushing rascals these parsons ".are," I he exclaimed. " This fellow calls, twice in ten I days, instead of .taking, offence, at my neglect, i Wants money out of. me for-his schoolstor. his I coal club no doubt. Well, the parson's life is I not a happy life, a3 I know by home ex- J perience, and I'll reward his-pertinacity with a I comfortable cheque." [ Hester turned red and then pale at the sight I of the rector's cards. J "He may not want money," she faltered. I "May not! My dearest, he is a priest. The j priest who doesn't go for your purse is a ram | avis that 3! don't expect to find along this j river."' | " He may wish to see you." I "Then liis wish shall remain ungratified. I J am not going to let the world into our paradise | by the thin end of the clerical wedge." | "You need not fear the world," He3ter I answered, with tlie first touch of bitterness that [ -Gerard had- heard in-any. speech, of hers. I "People^ know- that there is something wrong I in our lives. They have all held, themselves | aloof." I " The voice is the voice of my poetic ( Hester,,but- the words are the words of the I Philistine," said Gerard lightly as he left her. I She stood looking at the rector's cards lying I far apart where Gerard's careless hand had flung I them. She felt.that she had offended the man I whom she loved better than all the world I besides.- Oh, fool, self-conscious fool, to care I for what-that hard cold outside world.might ( think, or' say of, her. Whatever sacrifice she I had made was it not enough reward to have j made him happy, him for whom.life was to.be- | so brief, who nad need to- crowd into a few 1 years the love and gladness which for other I men may be spread over the length of prosaic I years, making a little spot of color aud light j here and there on the dull gray woof of a I monotonous existence. . | . 'The rector called for a third time, and this I time met the. master of the house at the hall I door.. J " Good morning, Mr. Gilstone. Pray step J inside my- den here," said Gerard, throwing I aside his hat. "I am ashamed that you should I have troubled to pay me a third visit. I was | on the point of sending you a cheque. " j "I have not asked you for any money, Mr. j Hanley," answered the rector gravely, seating { himself in the proffered chair and looking { round the room with the shrewd and observant. J glance of eyes that have been-looking at things J for sixty-six years. [ There was nothing in the cottage parlor, j transformed into a study, to indicate dissi- | pated habits; rfono of the slovenliness of | the Bohemian idler. . Many books, flowers I everywhere, an all-pervading neatness disfrin- I guished. tlie apartment. I "You have not-asked me-? No, no," said I Gerard lightly, but I know that in an agricul tural parish there must be a good deal of I poverty, and- every well-to-do parishioner { should pay his quota. Winter is approaching, j though we may 00 beguiled into forgetting, all j afcout_ him in this lovely autumn. You are | thinking of your coal and blanket club,, I dare I say. Allow me to write you a cheque." Ho I opened a drawer, took out his cheque-book-. I and dipped his pen in the ink. . ' j .3JV- Hanley," said the rector do- j cisively; "I cannot take your money. lam here to talk to you of something much more I precious than money." '"Of my soul, perhaps ?" questioned Gerard, his countenance hardening. "Imayaswell I tell you at once, Mr. _ Gilstone, that I am an un believer in the Christian revelation, and, indeed, j in transcendentalism of all kinds." "You are a Darwinian, I conclude?'" I "5so; J am nothing. I neither look before I nor after. I want to make the most of life in I the present while it is mine. God knows it is short enough for the longest lived amongst us -and death comes no easier to me, the unit, because I know the universe is working steadily towards the same catastrophe." "You dread death?" asked the rector. "Who does not? Contemplate death in whatever form you will, he is the same hideous spectre. Sudden destruction, slow decay? Who shall say which is the more terrible ? But come now-, Mr. Gilstone, you are not here to talk metaphysics. I say again let nie write you a cheque for your schools, your cottage hospitals, your something." "Aud I say again, Mr, Hanley, that I cannot take your money." I "Why not?" !I cannot take money for alnia from a man who is living in sin !" "Oh, that's your drift, i« it, sir?" cried Gerard?- springing /to 'his;. feefc; "yaw fotoe-; yourfeelf intotnyiiduse in order tb insultlme:"" i "Ko, Mri Halatejn-I am here it the? hope ofr , helping you toniend»your life." 1 ;-/.'"Wliat righ&liave; .^ou to suppose t&ifcimy;/' -life;rieeds merid*agi?-r . ".' i "Say tliat "it is only the shrewdness~ef*an oldi.man who has lived I long_ enough to know \- ^ne'tlmg'rofr-hiiniait^nature.-; -Two young ' ..people'- with -ample-'means-do-not .live as*-you . and Mrs., Hanleyl'are Kvine without, some reason1 for their isolation, and in your case I* take/it (the ,reason is that the'lady/is", not your ' wedded'wife; Tf that is so,'let me, wliileyour relations are still unknown to the- world" at large, niarry-youftor this- youngr lady, quietly, soroejiicaaimg^wltli- noAutnesa hut .my. sexton and-.my dear old maiden sister, .both ofwhom know>'liow to keep a secret.;' _ .''My dear Mr. Gilstone;'you are vastly oblig4 ?iiig; biit-I am- really--a- little amused- at-your naivcteiu Do'-youreally forget-suppose I , am notlegalLymarriecLta the'lady.1 oaJu in.y wife ?-that there are plenty-of registrars in England \vho would maiTy ine-to Her'as. quietly as you cnn nnrl mn.lv im fnvnr nf t.hfe business." ' " I do not ignore ? the - existence of registry offices where any: groom in the'county' may. T;e married to liis "master's datighter at a' day 'or two's notice-; but I think- IVfe-Hanley-would prefer to stand by j'our side at thealtar and to be married to you according -to the,, ordinances of the- Churoli." - ... - . '- '' I' 'da not. think Mrs; Hanley. has - any"pro found'belief in those ordinances.- She is.satisr fled with, the-luiowledge that she.; possesses .-my whole heart, and that her love has 'made? me completely hapi>y."~ .. " And you»accept. her too willingsacrrififee .of virtue and gooduiamo and reserve to yourself the.rightrof deserting her when you-, aie weary of her." _ \- "You-have'-no^-right=to--talk-to me. injthis strain." ? "Yes, Mr;- HKnfey. T have-.a. right-the right of ah old' man'.and a parish" priest, the right which; comesfrom. my c&ep; .pity, for..that iunocentdooking' girt whom" you have made your victim. I.Tiave talked "'with hrv. and every word she uttered helped to as&!. that she was riot.created to be happy i:; . of sin. Slut-is not the kind of woman t-c aueh:a life>readily-tliere must have b«-a;:«:.>re than common-art in the seducer who betrayed her. 'r ""Hold'.your tongue, sir," cried Gerard'pas sionately," '' How- dare you pry into the lives of *> man and woman whom you see united and happy,. who ask nothing, from ^ you-neither your friendship nor your countenance, nothing except to be let alone. My wife-the wife.of my hearts and; home-the wife'I shall-never forsake-is- satisfied with her position,- and neither you noi; anjrone else has the right, to interfere in ker behalf.; Your priesthood' in? volves no privileges-fori one to whom all creeds are alike: mischief rinaking and superstitions ?"' "I have been told that the men who set aside old creeds-have adopted humanitarianism as their religion,'' said; the rector, "but there is:Bot much humanity in your reckless sacrifice of this young:lady-who;,. I say. again, was born for better tilings than.to; be anything leRS^ honored'than-your ? wife. ." ; " You have:talked with-hec?" said Gerard, suddenly.;. " when and-where?" "I-rfoimd her ija. the churchyard one after noon, and we-had a.little quiet talk;together."" \- "I understand?; just enough to-makether unhappy and absurdly sensitive upon a- ques tion^vhicTi I thought we-had sefctled-for. ever," retorted. Gerard', angrily.- " Did she ask you to call upon me ? Are you her.ambassador ?'' ? " No. She is only too unselfish. You do not look like a- scoundrel, Mr. Hanley, and your conduct in tliis matter is a mystery to me. You are rich,. independent. Why should you refuse to legalise: a tie which you own-has made you happy V Is- there any impediment ? Are .you'married already ?" "I!have no wife but Hester." _ "But you. base some reason-- ?" "Yes, I have my reason-and as I do not believe in priestcraft or in father- confessors you must pardon me,. Mr. ? Gilstone, if I-refuse to explain that reason to you, a total. stranger, whose sympathy or whose curiosity I have not invited.''" "Enough, Mr. Hanley. I am sorry for that illused young lady, about whose conscience and whose social status you are equally indifferent. If you should alter your determination and make up'your mind to act as. a man of honor you may command me in any way or at any time, but nntilyou do so I shall not again cross your thresholds I "So be it-but pray bear in mind, rector, that you have crossed my threshold unasked, j and that you cannot expect me to be appalled at your threat of withholding an acquaintance which I never sought." He rang for the servant and himself accom panied the rector to the hall .door, where they parted with ceremonious politeness. He was angry with this stranger's intrusion upon his life, angry with Hester for having, be trayed their secret; She came in from, the garden directly after Mr. Gilstone's departure, fluttered and pale, having seen the rector going out at the gate.. . For the firagtime Gerard received her with a frowning brow and in gloomy silence. _ " The rector has been with you," she said timidly, seating herself in her accustomed nook by the window, where she had.her work basket and little book table. Gerard was slow to answer. She had time tc take her work out of the basket and to put in a few tremulous stitches before he spoke. " Yes, the rector lies been here-an old ac quaintance of yours it seems." "Not very old, Gerard. I have only spoken to him once in my life." " Only once: and in that once you contrived to make him acquainted with all your grie vances." ? ?'' Gerard, how cruelly you speak. I told him nothing-notliing. He guessed that all was not well-that I was living a life which, , in liis sight, is a life of sin. Oh, Gerard, don't be hard upon me. I have never worried you with my remorse for my own weakness, but when that good old man talked to me so kindly, so gently " "You played the tearful Magdalen-allowed a bigoted old Pharisee to humiliate you by his pitying-patronage-sent him to me to urge me to legalise our union- to legalise, forsooth! As.if. law ever held love." "I did not send him to you. I begged him not to interfere." "You could at least have told me of your conversation with this man and so prepared me for.being sermonised." " I could not speak of it, Gerard. " There are things one canuot speak of." ? She bent very low over her work to hide her tears, feeling instinctively that tears would be hateful to him-in his present humor. In all the days they had spent together she had kept tears and sadness to herself. For him she had been all sunshine. He took two or three impatient turns in the small room,- where- the cramped space only irritated him; "Hester, are you tired of me and our life here?" ho asked, stopping suddenly in front of the window by which she was seated. . "Tired ! Gerard, you know my life begins and ends with you. I have given up every thing else-this world and the next. I have nothing to care about, notliing .to hope for but you." " If 1 were free to marry, you I should need no priestly bidding but I am not free. 1' am bound hard and. fast by an old tie, which 1' cannot loosen yet awhile at any rate. I may be able hereafter to free myself-without dis honor, or I may never bo free." "Do not-speak of it,.Gerard. I have asked nothing of you. Mr. Gilstone believed that he had a duty to do. He has done it. That is all." _ Her gentle patience touched hini. He seated himself by her. side, took the work out of. the uusteady hands which were only spoiling it, and drew her to. his heart. "You are only too good to me, Hester," he said, "let ue be happy, dearest, happy in spite of the conventionalities, happy as Shelley and his Mary were in the beginning of their union before the law had set its seal upon, the bond of love. Some day the law may seal our mar riage-but it will make the bond no stronger." . He had not forgotten what the rector had said of her. Yes, she was of the stuff of which wives are made. She was not the kind of woman to accept degredation easily. And then he told himself that there was no degra dation ii.i their union, that he was a fool to consider the world's opinion, or be influenced by the narrow views'of a village parson. _ After that day there was no word spoken by either Gerard or Hester of the rector's visit. He canio no more to the Eosary, nor did any ono else in the parish call upon the ne wcomer?, I Perhaps the involuntary look of distress in Mi1, Gilstone's countenance, when Mr. aud Mrs, Hanley were again discussed at_ a village tea drinking, may have confirmed his parishione s in their suspicions of evil. The old specula tions were repeated, the old assertion was re iterated, to the effect that people who did ik t desire to be visited or to visit must be innate, y bad. and the rector held his peace. He. starti d a- new subject, and even affected not to kiu w that any one had been talking about t! e Hanleys. He was sore at heart, when 1 e thought of that lovely and refined young crea ture before whom the future seemed so dark an outlook. For Hester the world was not quite what it had been before her conversation with the rector. An unspeakableness sadness stole over her spirits when she remembered the bitter shame of that hour in which she found herself face to face, with an orthodox follower of the Gospel and saw her position as it looked in his eves. A gnawing remorse had fastened upon hc-r heart." She looked back with sick regret to the days of poverty and hard labor and the long walks through the arid streets, to the long hours at her sewing machine, to ail the little domestic cares that had been needed to eke out scanty resources, and make her father's life com fortable. Gladly^ would she have gone back to the drudgery could she havo been as she was then-^without fear or reproach. The plethora of which in which she lived-the flowers, the frivolitic-s,. the wastefulness which she had no power to control shocked and. pained her. She felt like an Indian wife in some gorgeous zenana, helpless, LropeleSs, irresponsible-. Tjho !i fact that her future .?.was:- amply provided ;f6r, i a fact which Gerard bads assured her; insthe most delicate maniier;.gaveIhcr no'satisfaotion. She could not conceive the possibility of life when he was gone. She bore her burden in silence. He for whom she had sacrificed religion- and a good .name^never knew of those long watches of the night in which her thoughts were full of sad ness- He . never-saw her tears-or heard her . complain of all that was painful in her position at "the Rosary. The lovely; autumn days drew in; the harmony in red and gold aud nt^ofc which had made the autumn woods lovelier than summer-foliage ^gradually, faded to the . dull-grey-of winter.: At every breath of the wind the dead'leaves came gently showering down-with" so'und as faint as.a snowfall, and all the- upper- brandies-of- beech and elm were bare, \raile here and. there, somie sinirdyoak still spread bouglis.of. red or gold against the iron sky. ' \- The~days~were shorth and- far: too cold fop idle' Kours~upon~the riveiC "Scarcely" had .the wintry sun sloped'.toward'the westward.-curve of: the. reedyj shore '.when the-pale/mist' of.' nigM began; to creep over the! meadows and along* the river until "it slowly rose'and1 wrapped hous6 and* 'garden 1 in -one' -dense'cloud;- Hester'? tender eare- guarded Gerard from tho3e liver fogs - with: strictest watchfulness, for had not life..told her Dr. SiJuth's pociivopinion of' his lungg, Thus the long, evening^ might have hung<. heavily; .upon < them . both had they not both been students for: whom' the; -longest life would^have been only too short for the un explored;-. inexhaustible* world-of "books. To study the catalogues of booksellers, to read the advertisements - of new--books in the Athc ncBum, and.-to..order, every book that.took his fancy made'one iinfailihg source of' amusement for. Gerard Hillersdort^ and with these long, quiet evenings old ambitions revived. He would write a novel-he .would write that nar rative poem which had been simmering in his mind for years, that 'story in verse which was to have all the depth of Browning and all the delicacy of Tennyson, all the dash, wit, chic of OWea>Meredith, /with all. the passion of Swin burne, a poem, which, if it succeeded, should marli a new era in poetry. He loved to talk of his unrealised dreams, and Hester-loved-to- listen. Thus the wintry evenings, -were, seldom. too long, and Hester seeing him happy felt that her sacrifice had not': been-in' vanr,. and told herself again and again.that her owiLfeelings, her own existence were as nothing-, when weighed against his content.' .... Ha.went. un to. London one bright October day and saw-Dr. South,- who expressed himself alfogefcher-hopefully. . _ " .. 61 ^onha.ve.been..taking- life easily," he said-, and the result is all I could wish-more than" I hoped. Your-heart is better, your-lungs are stronger.. We-cannot give you a new heart, ,but -we can make the- old one wear much longer-than r thought possible the last time I .saw, you.'_. Frankly, you. were in. a very bad -way just-then." Gerard heard tliis- verdict- with delight. So far. from- being tired of this world lie had a greed for life. He could contemplate old'age with calmness. That- season which to the mmdof-youthisordinarilya jestand yet a horror .had for him no terrors. He coidd contemplate long years of luxurious repose in that palace-of art which- he had built for himself, and to which every year of declining life should bring new treasures. He could think of' him self seated among his books, liis statues, pictures, gems, curios; white-haired, white- bearded, wise with the hoarded wisdom of a-long life ; a man to whom young men should1 come as they went to Protagorus to hear golden words of philosophic counsel. Fate had given him the gold .which can buy-such an old age--as, this.. He-, thought ? of" Samuel Rogers; of Stirling-Maxwell^-oftlie fewmenwho seem to .haye drunk, the wine of'life to the lees and;yet to' have found no bitterness in;ttie cup ; andihe saw-before, him the possibility of a life,-as'perfect as theirs,could" but lift,itself hold.out.? That was.'the-., oner- all-aibaorbing desire-to keep the bond intact - between con scioiisnesS:aaKlthisfclay^--withonfa:whijclirlie;haid been'; taught to believe consdausaess must cease to he> (To be continued. ) . 