(general (gleanings! The Holy Coat of Treves. By the Bishop op Treves. Often have I been asked publicly to exhibit the Holy Coat, the most remark able relic of our venerable old cathedra). Ever since the beginning of Christen dom the custom of venerating the relics of the Saints has been in the Church. Their bodies, the things which they bad used were appreciated by the Christians above gold and jewellery always. Indeed it is part of human nature to keep and foster lovingly things which belong to persons whom we loved. The Almighty Himself has encouraged and endorsed such a cult by miracles wrought through the relics of the Saints. A /itll iii' itlo A tVAClflnO f/ill II >3 XtlU AvlO U( kilo £A/UObiuO UCII UCj that they placed the handkerchiefs and aprons of St. Paul upon the sick, and thereupon the disease departed and the wicked spirits went out of them. The Church of Christ, which is the pillar and base of the truth, has therefore always approved of the custom to give particular honour to the relics of the Saints, and has, in the Council of Trent, solemnly declared that this custom is allowed and salubrious to the faithful. If it is laudable and useful to venerate the relics of those who as the organs of the Holy Ghost through the grace of our Saviour Jesus Christ have exer cised heroic virtues, and have obtuined the eternal crown, theu certainly a far greater honour is due to those things which belonged to our Redeemer him self, and which are hallowed through the touch of his body. The crib in which the Son of God made man had lain, the swaddling clothes in which His tender body was wrapped, the clothes which He had worn, the pillar of the seourgiug that was sprinkled with His precious blood, the crown of thorns that had pierced His holy head, the nails by which Ho was fastened to the cross, the cross itself upon which He had offered Himself for the expiation of our sins, all these relics have at all times been held iu the highest veneration. " This precious, most venerable block," says St. John Damascene, " upon which Christ offered Himself a sacrifice for us sinners, must be doly honored, because it has been hallowed .through His most holy body and blood. In a similar way we must honor the nails, tho lance, and the clothes, as well as the places where His body hud rested, that is, the Crib, Golgotha, and the Sepulchre, out of which Life arose." Naturally so, because tho honor is not given to the relics for them solve.-, but on account of the Lord, to Whom they belonged. Well written is what a Bishop of the ninth century has said on this subject, Jonas of Orleans. " It is not the Cross which we adore, hut we adore Him, who through the Cross has destroyed the reign of death. When we kiss the Cross then we do it not on account of the wood, but out of lovo to Him who ou this tree has given us hack what we had lost through the tree — paradise. All honor which is given to the Cross ia the offspring of the love and respect to Him who had hanged on tho Cross." TV m fvntx thorn nro Kt.ill nrri>n.tf»r .v www. — n treasures which the Lord in 1-1 is love has left us, more valuable thun the relics of the Saints and His holy coat — that is, in the first place the holy Sacra ments, whereby we partuke of the merits of His Passion and Death. In the mystery of the Altar we have, under the species of bread, ev.cu the j Son of God himself with soul and body, j God and man. But because we behold j daily these wonders of the Almighty, ' therefore we need sometimes some par ticular stimulation ; and ti/afc is pro- cisely the thing effected by the feasts of the Saints and their relics. Such a Stimulation it is intended shall be roused lin us by the Holy Coat. Where is the Christian heart that remains indifferent at the sight of a relic which reminds us so impressively of the life and work of our Redeemer ? It is the same coat - which the Sou of God wore on His wanderings thiougb the towus and villages of Palestine, which He moistened with His sweat, I which he wetted with His precious j blood- The pious people who followed with sincere love and devotion the prophet of the happy tidings, the great man of miracles, the divine comforter in all His ways, sought only to touch the hem of His garment, trusting there by to be delivered from affliction and diseases. A miraculous power went forth from it, as was publicly declared by the woman who had an issue of i blood 12 years, and who was suddenly cured of the malady. (JSt. Luke viii. 44). Perhaps you will ask me, my breth ren, whether the veneration of the holy relic which our Cathedral possesses he founded on fact, whether we must ac knowledge it to be the coat without seam which our Lord Jesus Christ wore on earth. I think it my pastoral duty t.n nnsvvwr this nuflstion to the best of my knowledge and conscience. -First of all we must remember that in this case there is no question at all of an article of faith. It is true a Catholic — unless his faith has suffered shipwreck — must not doubt in the least that we owe veneration to the relics of our Saviour and of the Saints, and that we justly venerate these relics. Rut when there is a question about the authenticity of a certain relic in particular, then everybody is perfectly free to form his opinion on sound and reasonable argu ments. A Catholic who wantonly or without grave reasons doubts or rejects the authenticity of a certain relic may appear arrogant and irreverent, but ho is not for that to he considered erring in faith. The authenticity of a relic, like any other historical fact, is founded aud proved ou tho testimony of man. The authenticity of no relic, be it ti e most eminent of the oldest Church of Christendom, falls under any precept of Catholic faith. According to a Decree of tho Council of Trent, the Bishops are bound, befote sanctioning the public exhibition of relics, to hear the opinion of pious and learned men, and than to give that decision which shall be dictated by truth aud piety. Truth demands of us that we confide in the venerable aud constant tradition of our diocese, that we never accuse our ancestors of credulity or of fraud unless there be very grave reason for doing so. Such reasons have never been put forward. Mow could I venture to thiol: that my predecessors in the see of St. Eucharius had been wanting in the neceseary care and vigilance for a cause so eminently important aud holy, that is, in examining the authenticity of such a relic, aud that in spile of the solemn decrees of the Church ; how conl.1 I presume to think that they had kept silence or connived at what they knew to be a fraud ? I am certain — and you will pardon juc for making this declaration — that I would not for all tho world co-operate j in such a fraud, in such a deception concerning the devotion of my people : and my predecessors and brethren in the episcopal office — I can say it without any fear of exposing myself to the suspicion of false humility — these pre decessors of mine were better than I am. Watching over the very old traditions of my Cathedral Church, and over the reputation and honour of its pontiffs, I must adhere to the conviction I have — that these traditions rest unon truth. that the Archbishops of Treves, neither erred nor were deceived. Indeed, I would fear to sin against the Church of Tieves if I discarded as a worthless thiug that relic, which our ancestors regarded as their most precious trea sure. I think it my duty, my dear brethren, without any reserve, to speak out ibis my conviction, yet without wishing to force it upon anybody. But in order to satisfy reasonable inquiries, and to solve some doubts, I have ordered a careful examination of the Holy Coat before it bo solemnly exhibited. In the presence of the Chapter of the Cathedral and somo .'ompetent judges, this examination took place last summer and lasted several days. 'The result was that there was nothing found that contradicted the old traditions of the Church at Treves. Towards the latter part of the j summer 1844 we beheld a wonderful j spectacle in old Treves, More than one million of people of all professions and of all couutries were journeying in vast crowds to this cathedral that they might venerate our Lord's Holy Coat. Neither distance nor the difficulties of the journey did they shrink from, they held ihemselves amply rewarded for their labours if for some moments only they might see the holy relic. What then wus the great magnet that attracted those crowds ? Mere human curiosity ? With some perhaps it was the case, but mere curiosity v. ill never command and move a wl ole people, high aud low, will never move rich aud poor, learned men of high education as well as working men and peasants. Far less was the hope of tempotal gain the motive which led hither such a crowd of pilgrims. Treves, at those times still cut off from the great . arteries of industry and commerce, could not offer anv such prospects of profit. It was a higher ideal that guided them, it was a wonderful spiritual interest they had in mind. It was the irresistible force of faith, which revived anew and grew strong at the sight of the Holy Coat. Tears flowed abundantly, as eye witnesses tell us, and every body- regarded the time as oue of peculiar happiness. Now what is to be tho fruit of this feast, what the intention wherewith we ought to celebrate it? We have no other aim than to l'evive the faith in, and the love towards our Divine Saviour we aim at re-establishing aud promoting the Christian spirit iu the lives of the faithful. How much do we stand in need, of the boon of the faith in the midst of an unbelieving age. How deeply do we lack a heavenly pyhsician to cure this human disease ? Just 100 years have elapsed since the bloody revolution iu a neighbouring country overturned throne aud altar. The flood of unbelief had inundated well nigh all Europe, and even our generation is reeling yet from its destructive shock. This infidelity, publicly proclaimed by so-called philosophers, has gradually found its way among the people at large. ItB fruit was dissatisfaction, discontenteduess. Deprived of the hope of a heaven hereafter, men desired at least a heaven here upon earth. Hence so much debauchery, hence so much envy aud hatred against the higher classes, hence the opposition against all laws, human and divine, against Church and State — so much so that thoughtful men look at the future with much anxiety and fear. And what is the cause ofall those aberrations ? It is apostasy from the faith in Jesus Christ, the Son of God — from the faith in the, Church which He has left. " Because thou hast abaudoned God tli8 Lord, hence these evils have come upon thee." (Jerem. ii. 17.) Thus we see that the faith in the Divine Redeemer must be set into the hearts of men anew ; the frozen lovo towards Him must be rekindled, the law of Christ must be reacknowledged in the life of the nations as well as in the life of every single Christian. There is nothing that seems more appropriate for that purpose than such solemnities of the Church as these, which act through the seuses upon the heart. Such a solemnity is above all the exhi bition of the Holy Coat. This Holy Coat speaks to us of the Redeemer of the world, it is nroelaimintr aloud His infinite love towards us, it tells us the Son of God descended from heaven out of infinite love towards fallen mankind and has taken unto Him our nature " He debased Himself, taking the form of a servant being made to the likeness of men, and in a shape found as a man" ( Blril ii. 7). Iu this Coat He dwelt among men, aud moistened it with his blood, whilst He strove to find the lost sheep. "He humbled Himself becoming obedient unto death, eveu the death of the cross" ( Fhil ii. 8). 'Though Ho was rich, I-Ie has become poor for us, lived upon alms. Tho Holy Coat covered the body which was scourged lor us, covered _ those shoulders which bore the heavy cross. This is the Coat of which He was robbed when He was crucified for us. If the Holy Coat proclaims to all Christians in general tho faith ami the love towards our Lord, then does it convey a specini lesson to us, the faithful children of the Catholic Cliurch. St. John, speaking of the Holy Coat says : " The coat was without seam, woven from top throughout." (John xix. 23). The Fathers of the Church and the Christian writers have always considered the seamless coat a type of the Church, a symbol of its inseparable unity. As it was a perfect coat, yet without seam, it was not divided on Calvary by the soldiers ; thus all members of the Church present oue perfect society built out of one material which is not to be divided. If we consider that all four evange lists lay stress upon this fact, and that about a thousand years before the royal prophet predicted the same fact most positively (Fs. xxi. 19), then we can easily understand that the Fathers of the Church recognised in it a deep mysterious meauing. St. Cyprian, in the middle of the third century, has the following : " He who violates the unity of the Church of God, violates the law of God, has ldst the faith in the Father, and the Son, and does not possess life or salvation. This mystery of unity. This boud of inseparable concord is emphasised, when, according to the Gospel, the Cwat of our Lord Jesns Christ is not divided, not cut up, but after the casting of a lot is given away a whole, unviolated, undivided garment. He who causes a division in the Church of Christ, cannot hear the Coat of Christ." (Cyprian, do unit. Eccl. n.n., 6, 7., Migue, t. 5, c>l. 504). "What else does this coat signify but love," says St. Augustine — that love, which nobody shall divide ? " What else is this Coat but uuity ?" (Aug. enarr. iu Psalm xxi. Migne. t 36, col. 176). Though we, dear brethren, justly look upon the Holy Coat as the most precious jewel of the Cathedral of Treves, yet the unity of the Church is a treasure far more valuable. Unity is the diviue mark of the true bride of Christ ; it was the preservation and consolidation of this uuity which He on the eve of His life, prayed for in His -pontifical prayer. It is this unity of which the holy relic reminds us. Let us then return thanks to the Lord, Who through His mercy and grace, without any merit on our part, has called us to this Church. 