AORICULTURAL MEETIGO.--The ordinary meeting of the Euroa Agricultural Society will be held on Tuesday, at 11 o'clock in the forenoon, instead of 2 p.m. as usual, and a motion for continuing to meet at 11 o'clock will be discussed. The programme commit tce will mcct immediately afterwards, so that committee men will greatly facilita.te their labors by handing in their lists at the meeting. OBITUAInY.-We very much regret to recoz d the decease of 31 r. Samucl Herbertsof, Enroa, which sad event took plee early on Saturday moroing. For many years deceased had been a sufferer from an affection of the lungs, closely allied to consumption, and latterly became very weak and helpless. During the whole period lie was lovingly tended by his wife, who spared no pains to alleviate his sufferings. Many doctors were tried, but the disease was too firmly rooted in the constitution to yield to medical skill. The funeral took place on Sundlay afternoon, when, despite the inelement weather prevail ing, a very large concourse of townspeople paid a last tribute to the memory of deceased. who leaves four little children just beginning the journey of life,. Mach sympathy is expressed for Mrs. Herbertson in her sad bereavement. V.ATER METERs. - A largely . attended public meeting was heldl in the Shire Hall, Euroa, oi Monday evening, when the action of the water trust in ordering meters to be afcixed where water is nscld for other than domestic purposes was discussed at muclh lensgth, the speaKers being Messrs. Shlicr laud, Goyder, Slee, Parker, .Murray, Turner, Charlley, lcKcnna (chairman), Garrett, Jane, Ford, Gardiner, Jones, and others. The objection principally emiphasized swas the fact that the introduction of the meters imeaant io addition of ievenue to the trust, but simply tlhe: sending to Melbourne mer chantst of ialut £013) for the meters. The subject was discussed fron aill points, it bieig admitted that the trust hatd 11o opllimO but to carry out the regulations. Fla?tlly the followiini" resolutions were adopted atnd ordered to be conveyed to the trust meet ing :-" That it be sn:grsted to thi Depart ire·it that instead of enfiorcing the ,meter regulations a tax of 10s per Ihoes per annumt be substituted." " That thie Ilpartmeut lie requested to rescind the regulations applying to mneters." "That the conneil lie requeated to reorganise the trust, by appoiunting tolwn ship members residing within the water area." "that a deputation approacl the Minister of Water Supply on the snuject of meters." The resolutions will be dealt with at the trust meeting on Wednesday next. AT g?gl Fr,,isT.-M1uch discomfort was caused at the ashire banquet on Tuesday by the appearance of an unhlidhdtn guest, who, like Banquo's ghost, made himself a pro!ni nent feature of the entertainmenit, ttiuglt, unlike that shadowy presentment, lie made things particularly lively by a running fire of interjections and well-garnished substan tives. idilding defiance to all attempts to quietet his perturbed spirit, le rollicked through tfli ps'nCgCdings like a two-year-old in a clover patc)h, rr, l)uffy miniht truly have exclaimed witlh .Maebet(ht-" Can such tlhings be, and overcomne os like 4 st!lniller cloud, without our special wonder-?' EunoA Bn?ure Co.-Tcnders were opened by directors on AWednestday last for the sup plying of machinery and plane, as follows: -Messrs. IJartram and Sons, 7isf 19M s ; T. Robinson and Co., £907 12s (id; Mceonnan and Co., Warrnambonl, £933 1s (id. That of Messrs. Bartram and Sons was accepted, which we are sure will give every satisfac tion to the company. g\Vf?.?iaERVED.-We note with pleasure that Mr and Mrs M?urray, of the Euron State school,have beepi pro?pIoall to the first "sub" of their respective classes , and Mr Barr (late of Castle Creak) and Miss F?Ird () Y'slAt Town) to the first "sub" of the fifth clasn. The classifiers state that "they have made it a strong point in the roll just isslued to bring ninmany of the most deserving teachers to the front. . . It will thus be seen that being placed in the first sub-clauss:is tainta mount tobp'rotioition. i ENTishnyvMcENT. - The Violet' -Towsn Amateur'Dramatic Club gave a performance at Violet Town on Tuesday eveniig, to a good audience, and on tht fo{llowing night at Euroa, where tihe housa was ltut as good us might have been desired, Ho'wpyet, ta both -places the cetertn?ument waus higgly appreciated, unbounded applause leing lavished on those taking part, namely, Mrs. Bowring, Misses Peady and Munro, and Messrs. Bowring, E. Slee, and J. Grogan. They ione and all sustained their characters with signal ability, The Violet Towoi Brass Baud, under the leaderlhip of Mr.- W. H.: Lengley, performed at intervals during the perforumances, their selections being very acceptable adjufets to the night's enjoy mnent. VrrITICuTru . We hIlve received an ad vance copy of "The Hanudbook of ViticuL ture," issued as the ninth progress ritport- of the Royal Commission on Vegetable pro. ducts. - The work deals millutely i:itlh all stages of the vineyard, giving fnformation as to soil, suitable varieties, laying out the viiecyard, pllnting, pruning, graftingi, elo, The production: of this number alone is a sufficient justification for the existence of the Commilniou, whose labors hIave done imore to benefit the husbanduniu than all the legis lation containedl in the Statute j]ook. lThe work will probably be distributed in the sane manner as were the former reports. Esx.insTox r .-fMr. Deai, inspector of State schools, examined "Earlston"' State school, oGowanugardic, on Thursday, 25thm inst, and the exceptionally higli result of; 100\. pcir: cent, was obtained. . Four of tiie papils succeeded in passing for tleir ceirtifi pcates. fince Mliss ck hasa hIad charge of them school,;. 4g las obtained: 92, ,90 ,: ad AVENOL POLICE COURT.-At the Avenel '[ Police Court oi Friday the case of Herley v. Mil Hamill, charged with illegal detention of a Sie breast pin, valued at two guineas, was Ci, heard. Mr. King for defendant; Mr. Ake- has hurst for plaintiff Mr. King informed the and Bench that his client informed him that the the pill was being repaired by a jeweller named me Williams, residing at Euroa, and although me Williams had been supownaed, lie did not at- ant tend. He was, however, prepared to go on Wi if the other side could do without the pro- pet duction of the pin. Mr. Akehurst said he tmi could not go on without the pin, and the Ar case was adjourned for a month, a pound costs agnin?st the defendant. ret AN .ExcELcENT START.-;j st upon 400 at gallons of milk were received on the day of tie opening tilhe Riggs' Creek Creamery-a fact gel which fully justifies its establishment, and hil gives great promise for the future.- W MALanarRE.-The marriage of Miss Minnie fat Israel, of Macgregor-st., Middle Park, with on Mr. Norman Bentwitch,son of Mr. 1M. Bent- n witch, will take place at the East Melbourne Synagogue on the 15th July. The young be people, it will be rememberod, took an active part in one of the Euroa M.I.A:'s annual competitions,both being awarded high bonoers g for musical proficiency. ur A GooD PirIZz.-- fr. Bartram,. of Bart- in ram and Sons, Melbourne, has promised to thi give a prize of £20 to the Euroa Agricultural D Society. It will probably be allotted to fae cn tory-made butter, the competition to extend cc over two or three years. The conditions TI will be arranged by the programme commit- re .tee. `l SocIAl. EVENINGO.-A most entertaining C1 "social" was given by the Australian ah Natives' Association in the Temperance w Hall, Euroa, on Monday evening, when the It building was crowded to excess. An enjoy- as able programme of instrulnentaland vocal it music was submitted, the performers being hi Meadamnes Allen and Gleeson, Miss Savage, ar and Messrs. J. D. Gleeson, Burge, Lance, ti with Mlaster Gleason. The branch should se be in every way satisfied with the result of wý its invitation to the publie, and will doubt- or less be stimulated to further efforts to pro- w vide imnusement for members and friends. at 3IAR'IAGE.--On Wedneaday, Miss Lizzie t Dudley, of Longwood, was married to Mr. im John Murdoch, of Euroa, the lev J. E. T. e Green performing the ceremony. The couple wore the rceipietits of many presents ti and the customary noisy demonstration by s1 1 the boys. I VIOLET Tow .- The Amateur Dramatic p; Club at Violet Town had a good house, though it was a wet night. In "Turn hii: f r out" (not given at Euroa) Mrs Bowring took the part of a young and pretty servant to the t, life. Mr Bowring, as an exquisite, did well. s SMr Sloee, as "Nobbs," an itinerant toy It vendor, afforded much amusement,capecially a when protecting the fair wife of the absent S"Mloke," \Miss Peady, who looked most in teresting, and played in a manner that charmed all present. "Nicodemus Moke" was represented by Mr W'alter Peady,whose first appearance was a decided success, and who brought dlown the house by his efforts 3 to fathom the mysterious surroundings of y home and the reason for the presence of 1e "Nobba" and "Rtoseleaf." His altered ap- f a pearance with hirsute appendages causedl k caused great lmerriment. Altogether the club's efforts were well worthy its reputa o tlon. I e EnROA IlUTrER FACTOIRY.-A commence ment has been tmade with the building, the c ground plates being now in position, and f workmen actively engaged in preparing the superstructure. ii A Goon PERncNTAGE.-The exatlnhia- t to tion of Euroa State school No. 1706 was 1 d concluded yesterday, tho.number of chil- i s. drenl examined being 271, percentage v .y obtained, 100. Fivn scholars obtained 1 :0 "merit certificates," and eighteen passed I C the standard of education. The inspec- r tor's report was highly favorable on all points. 1 MAmIIN LLEwcVLvN Cor PANY.-Our amuse Icme nt colnun notifics the visit of the Marion I 1\. Llewelyu Comic Operetta Company. Miss i Llewelyn comles fromn the principal Mel ' bourne theatres, and is paying a flying visit ,d through the Colonies before leaving for { Europe. The prugrauutuc will consist of a t d double ill, opeling with Olllnbaclt'a musical eomedictta, 'The Blind Beggar," .r.d in the I Ssecond part, "Tro Wicked Maids," of which t SMiss Llewelyl, has tihe ,le Australlian rigllhts ' of perfornlance, the piece having been oi great stucess at the Opera JIouose, OMelbourne. lairt March. The plot is as follow.s :-la?inneaord.. r it retire:l lire-works.maker, is aboult to lie r, married to tlle daughter of a silver-miniter, SIut in the mneantime has been c,'rreaspondig I iwith lanother li:ly, and his mail, lietty, linda is out all about it, keels hill ill terror of lettig I rs it ou~ to lila allianced; so lie has to scud l Be, Itty away. lie then advertises for two, new maid, and two yolunt French aetreseas, 1 lhearing of Ilalandard's weaalth, letermnine to apply for the billet, and l1ay siege: to the old tinai's heart. W\hen both mieet iiin l aindlard's lh1ouse, trey hauv a t)quarrel, anttdl both steal letters froy t the old tmala' pocket, tlillking i tlhey will thus have him in it corner, lbult while one is iaiking love, the other bIeeLmes or jealous, and shams to faint;I Itheother dots n tie same, and when llalandard tries to re in vive her, then the idea of recovering the ig letters strikes him, and lie takes theImi fro ail their pokelts. The naids, seeilng they are nonplussed, agree to part, and lave .a good er supper to wind up Balatdard's bacelorhoodl, of so that all ends nlerrily. The Mellbourne if and Sydney papers are warm in their praise of Miss Llewelyn. GENsI?.L ELECTIO es.-From present se as counts it appears that at the next general 'Y elections,there will be a plethora ofeandidates 0, for the Benalla and Yarrawonga electorate. li- A resident of this town (says the "Stanldard") it. wa jitforgled that Mr. Frank Dulffy, a ie brother of the present post!naster general, re was a certain candidate, while amotigst the n- tither names mentioned are tldose of Mr. W. to H. Hunt, of Devcnish, Mr. Kerville, of the il Yarrawongsa Shire Colunlcil, .Mr. Everest, of Ii Yarrawsonga, Mlr. Curtali, of Dookie, and ly Mr. W. Hall, of Gooramnbat. \eli have also ch ieard it is not altogether witllout the ranllge er of possibilities that two other mellllmbers of the peltlhs Council besides Cr. lHunt will con Stest the spat. p ? PARLtr A IAsiI rI .- Severail questions of s: momnlt were referred to iu thie Houte on f. WcdCesday Cevening dIuring the time set to apart for tile considcratiol of members' pri at vate business. Mr. (ravces carried the first d, reading of a bill to atnend the D1)g Act, and c- Mr. Sterry's bill to aumend tihe law relating to the sale of colonial wines and thle issne of wine licenses was also advanced a stage. A re motion for tie removal of tie cattle yards e and abbatoirs from Fletlington was reluc b" tantly postponedl by Mr. Deakin, cwho stated rr that his reason for not proceeding with the iAt ution was owing to the illness of tihe Mayor O. F)g lbpurne, whlo expressed a desire to be rde snt t doring the discuesion to look after to tl itorests of tlCoi ohgurn City Corpora to tio. Thialecaring of thte natioepapsp u1 et esiptedly;gaevoMr. T.entt atnotlher? opporttu S'nity to submit his miotion in favor of increas ing by 6id per day the pay of permanent-way n men employed on thie railways. - He an ce nounced that a majority of members, had a promnised to vote for tile miotion, which would it only involve an expenditure of £10,000 per us year, not £40,000 as stated bIy the Railway SCommissioners. Hon. mnembers seemed dis fg Inolinct to cisclsa the suabject and desired a sot o t hp ti?c?ig~ oitalhand. nBut AIr. Shlicla interoededt anl Cs4tlgt)lfd jalgy, gi-insl . P reason that certait infortmtlofn han?-n'g p . strong bearing on the matter lhad not been rsupplied to him by the Railway Commis-. esaioiers, andi that without this data the House *lought nt to come to any decision. Mr. ie Bent offered to defer thie motion for a month if tile Government promised to facilitate the . sa.urat beitlg discussed hereafter. Thie re quirpd oosgu'aoge was given, and members then direptpg theig pttumnt?.ri to other busi pess. in APL.--t-.he catalogue of prices obtained in Loidon for apples sent home from iBendigo, il per steamer Iallarat, arrived there mi Satur lay. The aguts stbit?edl :thait thbcre :were some fine aipples ill thc. shlptment, and thle. prices obtainmed compare favorably wlth the 1 S prices of Tasmania n aipp!es, which re paciedl ' mi boxes half ia large as those from Bendigo. i An error was miade in not attempting toe e grade (as re"urda size) thle friuit. The Pear mai and hNew York sorts were onsidered i C superior to those from fobrrt Totn. IMr We . C. Lewis, of Beathlcote, obtmnined ihe i iiea average prices, his 20 cases averagingm of 10s Od per case. 3Iesrs'a.T. CraikoandSonsc, te of Strathlieldsayo, aod Clarktson, of Marong. bi ulbtained the top price of lo Gt for Jonatlhau of and :Perfection sorts respectively. Bright it coloreid fruits are recommendted.i It is \- poilited out that pricesd tust decrease as of ex'ioration imicieses.; Tasmnania lhas 'enjyed id the aidintage of fancy priclis rulitig for two I THrE Winter Clearing Sale of Mantles, Millinery, Drapery, Clothing, Boots and Shoes, now being held at the Warehouses of CIAIG, WVILLAtMISON & TnosuM , Melbourne, hasbeen largely taken advantage of by town and country buyers. We 'undcrstand shiat the sale will continue until the end of this io month, especially as two large overdue ship- n ments have just arrived by tile ships "Katy" and "Winldsbrant." Families. requiring Winter goods can more than save their ex penses to and from the City by visiting the Il immense establishment of the above firm.- n ADVT: 0" N. S. W. ELEcrrorat.-It is everywhere I reeognised that Sir Henry Parkes has met r. a total defeat in the New South Wales elec- a tions which are just closing: Sir Henry him- t self has indeed admitted as much to some of Ihis Victorian friends. But the New Southir Wales Premier.does not at all think that federation is defeated. He says that all his own Ministerial followtrs are federalists, and half the Opposition andl the labor party also. He thus estimates that there are 90 1 federalists in the House, and lie does not I believe that this forci of opinion will permit the federal issue to be sunk in the back- i ground. TgHE Inos Onr. xr DOOKIE.-I?t is not unlikely that the Government will see fit to introduce a bill this session providing, for Ithe issue of mining lease of a portion of the I Dookie Agricultural College reserve, which contains a large quantity of iron ore, and 1which is useless for agricultural purposes. s The advisability of issuing such a lease was recently brought under the notice of the Minister of Landls and Mines, by Mr.' i. Copeland, M.L.A., of New South Wales, as a the representative of a syndicate which is e willing to establish ironworks in the locality. e It was represented by Mr. Copeland that an assay of ore obtained from the land showed I it to contain 60 per cent. of iron. anm that g his syndicate was sanguine regarding the urccess which would attend mining opera Stions. He pointed out that the annual con-. d sumption of pig iron in this colony alone f was 22,000 tons. and that the treatment of ore to secure the production of this quantity 1 would mean the use of 100,000 tons of coal I and 12,600 tons` of lime. The ironworks, a *C moreover, would give employment to a large number of people, and would lead to tihe establishment of many collateral industries. The Government geologist has reported as to the existence of iron in the locality, and suggested that a mineral lease might be issued, the right to use the land for grazing purposes being reserved by the Council of ic Agricultural Education. C, A RELIGIOUS PRF'IIDENT. -We clip the " following from the "Cape Argus" (South Ak Africa) :-A ball is to be given next Tuesday to celebrate the Queen's Birthday. The . Secretary has received promises of patronage y from Sir Henry Loch, Sir Jacobus do Wet, ly and others. In answer to a similar invita Ut tion to President Kruger, His Honour has n- replied :-Sit,-in reply to your favour of t, the 12th instant, requesting me to ask His Honour the State President to consent to the u nmaking use of his name as patron on 'the occasion of a ball to be given at Johannes berg on the 26th instant, I have been in of structed to inform you that, whereas His of Honour considers a ball as Baal's service, P for which reasons the Lord ordered Moses to kill gill offeilers. Whereas such is, conse re quently, contrary to His Honour's principles, His iHonour cannot consent to the misuse of his name in connection with such a ball. e- TiEc UEsotr'LOvr'I.-At a time when the iC claims of the unemployed are being brouglht forward so prominently, a perusal of tihe prices now being paid for furred and mar supial skins must prove of interest. From a- the report of the extensive sales held by as Younghusband & Co. Ltd., published weekly il- in these columns, it will be seen that on the e whole this description of produce is selling ed at a higher price than at any previous ad period. Kangaroo skins, for instance, tre *e- realising up to 4s ad per lb, or say, figom 11 7s to 10s each for the larger description; while wallaby are worth from 2s to 2s 2d per lb. Rabbits are in active demand, and e- Is so much is heard of the destruction caused n by this pest no trounle should be experiencrd s in obtaiining a plentiful quantity, the skins el- of which now realise about 1ll per lb, or say it Is !)d per dozen. Opossumn skins are worth or frotn 5s to 0I per doz for ordinary descrip r tions ; while thick, furredl,mountain op:ssium :al realise as much as 25s per dozen. Skins of he less importance. such as hare, goat. bear, ell cat and water-rats appear to be well worthy ri of attention, and even fox skins arc selling at up to i.? each. On our.fourth page certain it ilnstractions are given for the preparation of ,h. these skins for market, which should be lie c.refurlly inted by those engaged in the trade. , With this indlustry at hand no man should rg lie in the ranks of tihe unemployed, for not Is only world ggllgty be able to earn a imodest ig' livelihood at this occupation, but they would nd assist indirectly inl ridding tihe country. of tra it destructive pest. ex. 