kOTES FROifPGREAT BRITAIN, e (FIOn oun EnenURGno conEsroPoNETr.)' EDINBURGH, OcT. S. 1M. GUOLDSTONE An IIIS PnOGERAMB. 1 The National Liberal Federation hold its annual meetings last wee': at INewcastle-on Tyne. Dr. Spence Watson presided over the a cathering in his own city. A great effort a was made to overcome the prevailing political indiffetrence. The leaders of the patty were present in force, and in view of the approach. ing general election, strenuous effoits were made by them to set foith their programme in an attractive form.., It is unnecessary to record the''seriesi of resolutions in which this was attempted. We have become familiar with most of them. More important wasthe great speechdelivered i by Mr. Gladstone, in which he set himself, not without signs of strain and inconvenience, to give a provisional .outline of his pro gramme for the coming campaign. The veteran leader has evidently learned during the last twelvemonth that his party must show themselves to be in advance of their t opponents in regard to British as well as Irish politics. In this speech, Irish Home Rule did not occupy the first place. The order in which the topics were treated is as fol lows :- . 1\. Shortened duration of Paliaments. 2; Re-adjustment of taxation.' 3\. Economy in public administration. 4\. Relief from the occupation of Egypt. 5\. Reform-of-the liquor traffic laws on the principle of local option and local veto. G 6\. Disestablishment in Scotland and Wales. , 7\. Reform of the House of Lords. it 8..Home Bale for Ireland, . i 9\. Amendment; of electoral registration, and aplication of the princple of one man one a vote. ' ], . .' "e '-t .of 10.. Efficient enfrnchiemnt of Ibdgers. 11\. Payment of election expenses from public funds. . . 12\. Payment of Parliamentary representa- is tives. -,';., - . :.. 1 7 V 13\. Establiabnhi of district- and parish councils, with compulsory powers of acquiring b land.' -.- - .. - ' ' -' -.' 14\. Land law refm, -includig abolition of entail and implifi?tlon of trafer.' 15\. Redutinof hours of labour. Mr. John Morleyy was titled to say that the Liberal party had received from their leader a progrdmme which was calculated to , stir the deepest energy'and to'rouse the sincerest convictions of every man with a spark of Liberalism in him. But the list is so enormous that to deal with even one-half of the mattersit contains would oceupy many n years. It is curious that in this speech Mr. Gladstone made no allusion to the physical improbability of his taking part v i the solution of any save one of the great questiona mentioned.by him. It has e bn seen of lat'that the extreme age of their leader, and his on frequent references to it, are exercisinsi a depressing influence upon Liberals. Mr. Gladstone, therefore, speaks e outas if he himself- iere to.conquer the land . which he only deerios. afar -off. If he :be spared to come into power,'it is clear that he w will first tackleIrish Home Rule, preparing b himself for a conflict with the House of Lords over it, and that the British measure which will be advanced alongside of the K Irish Bill will be one of electoral reform. l For the rest, Mr. Gladstone seemed to throw out hints that those who could push their pet ci projects most vigorot~ly would be most 1 likely to secure the front places. cl MuBE BYnE- RECTIOrS. t Meanwhile we are watching two election G( contests. * Sir-James Fergusson Laving'.be. ti come Postmaster-General and Lord Advo- - cate Robertson having promoted himself to ti be Lord President of the Court of Session, , their seats for North.east Manchester and ,s Buteshire respectively have become vacant. Very little interest is felt in the contest for the latter. Bute is a Conservative strong- T hold, where Mr. Robertson was elected in 188G by 1,364 votes over 819 given for his opponent. ir. Graham Murray, the .new Solicitor General for Scotland, has therefore no very hard battle to fight against his Liberal opponent, Mr. M'Culloch, a candidate whose principal achievement has boenthe extracting t from Mr. Gladstone a letter more favourable to Home Rule for Scotland than almost any B other declaration of his has been. In Man chesterthePostmaster-General has a much more diffcult business on hand. He is once more opposed by Mr. C. P. Soott, a gentleman ri o greatlosalinfluence, who at the last election lost the seat by. only 337 votes out of a total 9 of 7,033. .There is considerable anxiety in Conservative circles lest the Government t should sustain another defeatin the person of f the youngest member of the Cabinet. The Liberals arei or'repondiegly elat d and'the contest is being carried on with supreme h energy and determination on both sides. " OLD XOBALIT." A shadow has been cast upon both sides of the political world by the death of the First h Lord of the Treasury and leader of the House p of Commons. More and more during recent tl years had Mr. W. H. Smith won the confi- s dence and affection of the House and of the country. Men used to laugh at him as a I leader; but especially since his health gave p signs of failing, it has been manifest that he a had no enemies, and now all unite in giving M him the rare praise of having been a' good ci man. "Old Morality" was the nickname which Mr. Lusy in .Punch had taught the g world to give him. And it meant that e though he was often dull and commonplace, h yet he was true and just, and kind, without p affectation and without meanness. The tl House was led by an English gentleman while he led it, and the democracy were not fI displeased by rememberinz that he had laid o the foundation of his splendid position by the a labour of his own hands, when in the old I days he was noted as anexpert in packing j the issues of the Sun newspaper for transmis- t sion throughout England by. the mails. In all probability he will be succeeded as leader a of the Commons by Mr. Balfour. a THE XLBQUIS OF BUTr IN OLASOOW. The corporation of Glasgow have conferred the freedom-of their city on the Marquis of Bute, and got him in return to re-open their Mitchell Library, in Miller street. The honour was intended as a mark of grati tude to him for his munificent gift 1 to the university of a common hall, which cost £45,000. In accepting it, the Marquis delivered an address of a fine and rare arch aeological flavour, in which he complimented that commercial city on her interest in intel lectual pursuits, warned her great population of the importance of caring for their physique, I and announced his continued adhesion to the view that Scotland and Wales, as well as Ireland, while living in the friendliest rela-. tions with England, deserve to be entrusted with the management of their own affairs. The Mitchell Library was founded on a beqnest of £67,000 by the late Mr. Stephen Mitchell. It was opened 14 years ago with 14,000 volumes. It now contains 80,000, and it is reported that of 4,680,000 volumes issued to readers less than 10 per cent; have been works of fiction. This speaks well of the intellectual diligence of the people. of Glasgow. CiURCH CONOaBSS Ir BEEF-DnEF?CE. The Church Congress has met this year at Rhyl for the purpose of giving an imposing testimony against dises tablishment in Wales. The first day's proceedings were devoted to proving to the Welsh people that they ought to love the Church of England as established among them and to uphold her. The effect of sermons, presidential addresses, and confer ences alike were suspiciously like that of a Primrose League gathering. The Arch bishop of Canterbury'went so far as to say that it would be. truer and more historical to speak of the Church of Wales in England than of the Church of England in Wales. They had had a com mon church 150 years before they had had a common state. This is argument of a kind that goes over the heads of the masses. More understandable by them is the kind of talk in which the Bishop of Chester indulged. They were compelled, he said, to draw the sword of self-defence, and they would rot lay it down until the Liberationists had laid down the bludgeon and the stiletto! No wonder that the Bishop of Salisbury cau tioned the congres? against dealing in sting ing epithets towards their nonconformist brethren. And he .would also have them refrain from close, alliance with any political party. Bat-after the recent proceedings at Newcastle-on.Tvne.whatisleftfor them to do? TlisB 5.ff ..fl ocenernA.. A company has been formed in Glasgow, undertheehatimanship of Mr. James Camp. bell, of Tilliechewan, for the purpose of establishing and maintaining an efficient orchestra for Scotland. Hitherto the Glasgow Orchestral Society, in co-operation with the Choral Unieon have brought together an orchestra for some three months of the year. Thib band of musicians, under the BaTon of Mr. August Manns, of the Crystal Pialace, have served Glasgow yor well, and their services have alsobeen ntilad' in other parts .of the cohtily, But, of course, the highest results could not be looked for from an *'orehestra'eompcesdof varylng edements; and ifchr. ,p:dithepromtbdnroiaew ipny enterin the hope that. they will be.blkto provldea far more efficent service dof music forallthe cestrei of population where there is any demand for it. A capital of £50,000. is asked for, and-a considerable part of it has been already subscribed. In some quarters a doubtis expressed of, the capacity of Scotland, with its comparatively small population, to support a large orchestra. But the scheme deerves to succeed. P.AILWArY PROFITS. The reports of our three leading railways, Caledonian, North British, and Glasgow and South-Western, for the half-year ending at midsummer, show an extraordinary fall in profits, ad compared with the corro sporiding period of last year. The Glas. gow and South-Western has fallen from £1600,564. to £101,537, the Caledonian from £364,288 to £310,083, the North British from £587,001 to £450,650. These great losses are notdue todiminishedtraffo over the whole, but are largely caused by theneceseity of reorganising their management and work ing expenses under which the companies found themselves after the great strike in the early part of the present year. A large: part of what the shareholders thus lose has gone into the pockets of -the emlployos, and: anotherlarge part has gone into rollin8 stock and"plant, the purchase of which was rendered unavoidable by the mon's demands. It all: teids towards a fairer distribution of wealth. But theihareholders don't like it. AN .-TE-ESTIe G JOMLEoE . : Before visiting Newcastle-on-Tyne Mr. Gladstone. visited Trinity College, Glenal mond, and took part in the celebration of its jubilee. The college is situated in one of the remote and lovely districts of Perthshire, and was founded in 1841, chiefly through the exertions of Mr. Gladstone himself, to provide within the bounds of Scotland for the higher education of the Episcopalian gentry. The college has flourished, and a new wing iabeng built, the foundation-stone of which was laid onth jubilee day by Mr. Gladstone. lhs t.twal oWlored to him for the p--urpose bolo -lse-los'iption- " To her h eader, WilliamEwart Gladstone, in the year of her jubilee, a grateful Glenalmond gives the builder's tool to finish where he began." And the stone was laii with these characteristio words from his lips-"In the faith of Jesus Christ we place this stone in the foundation, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, that here true faith may flourish with the fear of God and brotherly love, and that this place may be set apart for instruction in the doe. trine of Christ and for other good works, to the praise and glory of our Lord JesusChrist, who liveth and reigneth with the Father and the Holy Ghost, ever one God, world without end. Amen." Some people were amazed to learn that the man who spoke thus was next stauding on the platform with Mr. John Mowrley, and giving his approval to the dis establishmentcf the rcurches. But the reli giousness of the great statesman's character abides as his oredominant characteristic, and with his 50 years of mature observation be bind him, bhe told his audience at Glenal mond that the clerical profession was as noble now as ever. "Rely upon it," he said, "that the objects of the profession are the highest objects that any man can propo'e to himself, and rely upon it that the diffi onlties in which it is now involved from the movements of doubt and scepticism are difli culties which are only intended to try the temper of th weapon, and to. raise it to a still higher point. There isnothing that has come intothe field that is going to supplant the old religion.~of your fathers." Old Bihop Wordsworth, of St. Andrew's, his Oxford tutor, was by his side. The two old men may disagree in many things. In these sentiments they are at one.. 