PUBLISHED EVERY SATURDAY MORNING. SATURDAY, APRIL 25TH, 1891. Local News. VICTORIA BRIDGE.-At last after ropeatod warnings the redeckingof Victoria Bridge jov.er the; Nopean has been commenced. It will be remem bered that some months ago the horse track was repaired, now all this patchwork is being taken up atul the decking is being carried out in a perma nent fashion. EMU PARK.-The Trustees of the Emu Park are to be complimented 011 their action: in -setting men to work to clear round the young trees there, and the other trustees nearer home would do well to profit by the example shown by our Emu friends. A number of treos planted in Penrith park are, to use tl-e words of an old resident, "fast going to ruin for want of neglect." - . IMPROVEMENTS IN HIGH-STREET. '' At last Aid Litton's action with regard to improvements in High-street are to bo crowned with success for the Council, and Mr. Lees (our member) having urged the matter on, £500 has been granted for High-street and £800 for a new bridge at Lennox and officers of the Department arc ousy making arrangements to carry out. the bridge work. KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES cure Coughs, Asthma, Bronchitis. Medical .testimony states that no other medicine is so effectual in.the cure of these dangeroiis; maladies. One Lozenge ? alona gives ease, one or two at bedtime ensures rest. For relieving difficulty of breathing ther are invaluable They contain no opium or any violent drug. Sold, by all Chemists, in Tins, Is ljd and 2s Cd each.: FLOPS.-At the beginning oftlie present year Mr, H. 0, Matthews of the Acme Holler Mills, Bathurst, remodelled his mill to the Hungarian Full Roller system, and the new 'dust ' has bee*' gaining fresh friends dnily, and is now to be found in every bake-house of importance in the metropolis the suburbs, and along the Western line, with those who bare already tried it, the opinion seems, to be that to use the Acme Patent Roller Flour,is to have a large, light, (wo do not mean under weight and snow-white loaf. Of course all other mill pro ? duce is obtainable from the mill, and Mr. Matthews will be pleased to answer all enquiries. * . TIIB BRANDY CREEK MURDER.--It will be remembered that through, the , action ,of that energetxe police ofiicer, hsergt. Tliorndike, Alfred Jaukson, the young man who saw the Claremont ghost, was brought before the Orange police court recently charged with "murdering a Chinaman, at Brandy Creek, near Orange, in November 1885. Jackson was colnniitted to tako his trial at the Circuit Court which commenced at Bathurst on Tuesday last. :Vory little fresh ovidence was givon for the >, Crown but several witnesses wcro called for the defence and prisoner was found guilty of manslaughter and remanded for sen-, tenec. Some further particulars of this case >yill. appear iu our next issue. t, . ^ PHOTOGRAPHER.-Mr, It, W. Reid a photo gnpher of some nolo fiom Mudgce lias now been located in Penrith for a period of about 3 months and has done good business. Some samples of cabinet photographs left here are good, and at the price IOs, per dozen, he should do a big business. LOST COPY.-Through some unfortunate accident a batch of " copy" forwarded by our St;-Marys Correspondent on Wednesday eveniug did not come to hand, consequently no report appears fiom that quarter this week. Special arrangement?, however are being made to prevent a recurrence of, a simliar mishap. I i :? . ?. l ' > ? ' ' ' i w I ' ; V . IMPORTANT Land SALE. -Messrs. Richardson and Wrench, in conjunction with Mr, T. R. Smith, announce in this issue the sale of that famous estate formerly the property ;of Sir John Jamison and within lialf-i-niile of the town of Penri th. The sub division' has been made in such a manner that blocks of every size may be obtained and the terms are unusually eisy, The sale takfes place on the ground on Saturday, April 9tli. * ! } i i t : ,'.VALEDIOTORY TEA MEETING TO THb REV. T. E. CLOUSTON.-A grand tea meeting is being prepared by the ladies of the Presbyterian Congregation at Penrith as a " send off " to Rev. T. E. Clouston B.A. formerly occupying the Presbyterian Church at Penrith and St. Marys, but who liaB accepted a call to the Glebe. A public meeting will be held ! after the; tea1 at which addressess will be1 delivered by , several clergymen and friends, and musical selections will also be rendered. ' RAILWAY CHANGES.- In future the trains run tning< .between Kbkbaqkrjand\/PenVith, jand!(back, which have been usually stripped at 'Ifalbbmba and Hell, will run through in etich case. The net result 'of this is that Eskbank will be the central dep6t between Bathurst and Penrith and Mudgee and Penrith, while the coal and'other^thiffic/.lwtw&h;^ Lithgow and Sydney will be moved much more ex peditiously. ; ^ ' :','BAZAAU AT MDLOOA.--'A -meoting was held on the 10th inst at the Parsonage, Mulgoa, with a i view, of .making arrangements .to ho'd -n.bazaar in aid of'the funds of St. Thomas Churcli. There was a'good attendance of ;la'dies, and after some die cassion it was decided to hold the bazaar in July. In the meantime a working party will meet every Thursday at;2 p.m at Winboiirne for the purposeof fpreparing' both useful and fancy (articles for" sale. See ad verti -ement. . , ?,,, V ,.,<l " A FRIGHT.-Three bachelors of Penrith the other ereuing were wakened out of theh dreams by the sound of falling pots and pan?.and,kitchen utensils, and on venturing out to ascertain? the cause they found that' a cow ha'd 'wandered into the kitchen and was playing everlasting i mischief with their household furniture., After some little trouble they, ousted the intruder and in- future their doors wil be securely locked so as to prevent a recurrence of midnight visits of this description. ' BOXING.-Mr. Jack Malorie gavel another of his boxing entertainments at the Temperance Hall, on Saturday night last, to a crowded house. There was plenty of fun and tbe.piVcc de resistance was ,the fight! toi'a finish betwpfen' Newtonj apd Browns' Both were determined' to' win but'Newton's'science -proved too good, for his opponent, and the latter threw up the sponge at the close of the seventh round, after being a good deal knocked about. Another contest comes off next Saturday, full par ticulars of which, appear ,in our advertising columns. Sub SUCCUMBED.-A peculiar accident occurred to a cow in the. cattle tram on Monday night. On arriving; at the [Penrith' station, it was discovered that the unfortunate animal had by some means got down, and had been mercilessly trampled upon by her pitiless fellows. When noticed by the (rail way authorities she was giving her last kick, and was dragged out into the cattle yard, < where she expired. Considering the 'tremendous jnmount of cattle traffic carried on between the mountains and Sydney, it is a wonder that fatalities of this kind are not more frequent, . >, * u ; BABY FARMING.-She adjourned inquest- on the body of Eva Greenhalgh was postponed -from Thursday morning till Friday morning on behalf of Sergeant Thorndike who was engaged,on the mur der case at Bathurst, and was unable to attend, and on the jury meeting again yesterday morn: ine it was further adjourned, from the same cause, till Friday next, May 1st., , Great interest is evinced in the proeeodings' and' a large number of persons attended the Court on, both occasions.. We have been unable to ascertain any further developemeUts relative to i'the . "case,but it is rumoured that something of a startling character will be elicited. ( r O' '' 7 | POLICE COURT.-The Penrith police have had al most a holiday tlu's week as far as court cases are concerned, as until Friday morning not one .culprit appeared for correction,! probably owing to the fact that the majority of the " hard cases " are already doing penance at Parramatta. ^Koweyer MiV;J;.;B.' BaineB, J. P., took his seat on the Bench yesterday, morning, and Andrew. Kirgin was fined.2s 6d .or 2ir hours for drunkenness, and 20sor7 days for profane language.. A.young gentleman who had left his employers apprenticeship, and retired to Spring wood to resuscitate without obtaining the requisite leave was forwarded to the Central Police Station, Sydney,;'for treatment: j '!; {}?} ' {).' j. ) f\ {} HOLLOWAY'S .PILIIS AND OINTMENT.-Theso world-renowned5 remedies are confidently recom mended' to miners, navvies, and nil woo have to work underground, or where, noxious, atmospheres exist. The minntc particles of coalor metal whish permeate- the air , in such places tend to block up the lungs and air-tubes, giving rise to bronchitis, asthma and palpitation of the heart. _>In Hollo ways remedies will be.found a safe and easily used medi cament, for the penetrating propensities of the. Ointment relieve the local congestions and the mildly laxative effects of the Pills cause the liver to dct'freely, and the breath to become unembarrassed. By early resort to these remedies many a serious illnes? may be averted, and'soundness of health maintained. - _ A FOOLHABDY JXTTEMP?!.--A very narrow escape of a serious accident decurred'on Monday evening at the'Penrith station. A passeugor'frora Sydrie^by.' the night mail train had. placed, his luggage, ii^. one, carriage, but flndingmorccongonifllcompanyin an other he went in there until hia- arrival at Penrith station, when he made a rush to transfer some of his'goods and'chattels.' However, the train did not wait long enough, and -beforo he could get back to his friend it had started; He -made a' des perate rush to reach his friends carriage, but by Bome means he could not obtain a hold, and coming to the place where the platform slopes he slipped aud fell, but was soon on his feet again, and made one spring and clung on to one of the supports, still fail ing to-obtain a foot hold.? He went along some dis tance thus, the onlookers wcio breathless, fearing an other accident, wb'en one of the shuntere promptly seizing the man dragged him from bis perilous position. } , . , f ! ? We clip the following important testimonial from th zIllawaixpL Meroury'XS* S. W.), onthb 80th March. It needs no comment" Mr, John Loveday, of the 'Bulil Mouutairi, writes to us that after suffering for fonr years frith Acnte gravel, hobos experienced al most' complete relief Dy using Sander and Son's Eucalypti Extract. He says seeing the said Extract advertised in the Illaicarra Mercury, his intense suffering induced him to obtain n bottle of the' medicine troni Mr Hosking, chemist, of this town, and that the use of it gave him great relief at ouce. I He states between the 10th March instant when he obtained the first bottlo of the extract, and the j 19th the use of that medicino continued to afford hiin relief, to which ho had been a stranger for four years. Mr. Loveday writes that ho has found the Eucalypti Extract a cure for rheumatism as well as gravel. Ho requests us to publish this, in formation through tho Mercury, wo have much pleasure in complying with Mr. Loveday's request whose word cannct be doubted, and wlio can havo no object in viowbtheii than a pure desire to bene fit suffering UunianUy."-(Advt). FALSE ALABM.- Through Rome means or other a report was set going, and rapidly spread, thai a Mr. W. CrosBman railway guard lmd fallen out of tin train between Penrith and Sydney, and been killedf Coming as it did upon the recent fatalities to which we have been subject, the news was received with consternation by the townspeople of Penrith. We immediately placed ourselves in communication with Mi. Duff, District Superintendant, who at once made every enquiry to obtain a confirmation or otherwise of the report, witl. the result that it was found to be utterly without foundation. It may have been that the funeral of the young man at St. Marys, who was conveyed from Sydney to be buried, may have by some means originated the rumour, but if it were spread gratuitously by any person in a spirit o£ mischief, nothing too severe can be said of the perpetrators, as the alarm caused to his family was naturally very great, and we believe medical advice had to be obtained for the guard's good lady, BO great was the shock she sustained. 