CHAPTER II. , ? .MAURICE ÍTSCOMBE'S DEHKIOM.' ' Tho worÙB v'hioh had boon uttered tho previous; evening .by Maurice Liscombe still rang iii Sybil's ears .throughout tile whole''.of "tho;, next live-long day, as though n hot irpn lind boen.seared .across his. brain. Usually joyous when em ployed iii Ms day's work, singing and light-heartod ns tho veriest soliool-boy re leased from "his studies, he was on the ' morning after thia night of mental tor turo snd and absent in mmvpr. Tho day was an unusually busy ono. Tho truck loads of cano ntncl;od high in i air came pouring in toi' food the rollers, whioh ground away with a crackling j I ' " . \- \ ? nuise, slowly but surely extracting ever particle of juice from the long, swee BtickB. The lino of drays crawling a funeral paco, driven by Kanakas, pullet up, each in turn, to receive a load o " megass," thence to bo carted away an< spread out in the nun, where, as childrer in other countries might play in tho hay fields, BO would tho little black savages the offspring of Kanaka women- deligh in rolling and tossing it in each other'i faces. In tho far distance glimmered mu shone with almost supernatural brilliancy the mighty mountains, on which could b( traced tumbling wator-falls,sparklingant dancing lileo millions of crystals under th« vigorous sunrays. The scone was all color, life and move ment. Sybil of an ov.enirig would delight tc join in a friendly game of cards with thc overscurs, where his cheery manner and good-natured banter would always find n ready welcome. After the day's work succeeding that of his midnight interview withLincombo, he Was in no. ready, frame of mind for the ligbt-lionrted throng which was awaiting his coming nt tho barracks. Ile morely stopped as ho rodo homewards for a short half .hour to tell thom that ho would not put in an appearance that evening. " Why, what's np,old boy, with you?" queried Fred Itoyoroft, a bright, good looking young fellow, employed on tho place as storekeeper. " Yes," added Alex Sugdon, "you look as if you'd lost two-pence and picked up j a half-penny." i " Silo's thrown him over," said Arthur ' Richards in a playful tone. At any other time Sybil would havo I had quick repartee at Iiis command to parry theso thrusts with, but this even ing he was distrait, and.found but little to o m uso him. Tho society of .his fellow-creatures for .once proved, irk some. Have wo not' nil folt. so at . timos ?. When some cloud lowers over-the, sun shine of our path,-would wo not wish to be away, far anny nnd~alono to think it over and-try if possible: of finding some way out of our trouble ?-(..?.?..'"' " Well,-lu ro wo' aro, boys," said Roy croft, placing glasses on tho table with a whisky bot Ile besido thom; " Let ' us chase away dull cure. and make our. old friend smilo again..- Novor shall I- forget him shouting to mo thc "evening that alligator was behind mein tho .river, r vlf over a m tin swam for MB life I did on that occasion." - ?-' .f ? ''By Georgfl, yes l's-; Baid Sugdon, !*you had a narrow squeakthat timo, nnd can thank :: 'Prescott : for .rboing alive now." ' -, * 1 ' /' Sybil, wlio was.leaping. over the table, flicking the 'dust - from,hist boota, poo poohert the idea" as was his wont when any special act of Ai« doing- was brought for ward. ' , :" Nonsenso, boyB,"¡-he: answered ; ¡"ib was all duo to.Boycroft's swimming. Cer tainly, 1 drew his- attention- to-,tho lalli gator, and can truly say hu cut to land like a tornado boat " "Gi'emesomo whisky, and -hang tho cursed crocodilos," bawled- Richards; holding his glass at arm's-length, "I'll tako good care they don't, gob. Hie for a meal." 1 . ^ ? Talk flowed on iii this fashion,- waxing louder as tho gleasaea .were draine'd, when one of thom suddenly exolnimcd :. ..- .*' Who.tho devil can this be galloping for his life ?'' at tho sumo time looking in tho direction from whenan.tho Bound of fast travelling hoofs came ringing ou tho still calm air of sunset. . .. " Well, .Tim, what's.wrong with you ?" Bhouted Roycroft, as Singleton pulled his mare, up in front of the house a'few seconds later. . ,. . ' ? ."Matter? Nothing much with me. Tho boss though'a come to grief. On tho road homo ho got slang off, ,'nnd sprained an ankle. HC'B as tight as they make'om. Ho told me to ride like blazes for a bandage, and . I'm horo .; accord ingly." ; Tho quartette listened in. silonco .to Singleton's - account of " tho . acoident, though it could hardly-he said that .atty one of thom showod tho slightoat'-aign'of pity for Mau-rico Liscombe. .' "Curse him !" was all Richards mut tered whilst pacing-tho verandah.- ' A '. " Now look sharp with tho bandages IV said Singleton, giving his horse a dig and riding onwards to the store. , Soon all tho necessary articles were provided, Roycroft accompanying Single ton to the house w.hero Sybil resided with Maurice Liscombe, a distance of less than haifa mile-from tho barracks. . As they rode along tho river bartk, Singleton and Roycroft measured paces between their respective animals," which is the delight of all young colonists when they can get au opportunity of showing what mottle thoir steeds are made of. On eutoring the houso they found tho manager of Rappoo stretched at length »n the sofa, with wild .eyes staring into space, and now and then an" effort to articúlate somothing which was perfectly unintelligible to thom. "A knife nt once," said Roycroft to Singleton, who set hims.elf up as .an authority whenever anything : in tho doctoring li.io oropped up. ' " I muBt' out that boot ?oft'," first thinn." So, suiting tho-action to-tho word, he ripped tho seams to pircos, .which at once caused relief. Liscombe, then sinking back, waa soon wrapped in heavy sloop. To givo Roycroft his duo, although far froni having any groat knowledge or skill as a surgeon, ho was what might have been termed a handy man when occasion demanded. He could bind or stitch wounds, could preparo and put on a poultice with all tho skill of a profes sional nurse, and, on moro than ono oc casion had huon known to extract tooth, though how much unnecessary pain ho had inflicted ho was not prepared to sa}'. " Seems a nast}'wrench, nod likely to lay him up for a timo," said Roycroft, ns he bathed tho tink lo with ammonia and water. . Tho two wore standing on either aide of tho manag« r, who lay as ono inanimate, nave for tho labored breathing and con vulsive twitching of his lipa, caused by heavy drinking. " That beaBt can never go to the town ship without coming back tight. Some hight he'll got his neck broke, and it won't be much loss either. I know one man on tho placo ns wouldn't mind seeing him tooB up." These remarks wore uttered by Single ton, who waa oxprcfsivo in : his phrase ology, if not having duo regard for Quoon's English. '. Who's that?" queried Roycroft, wind ing yards upon yards of soft linen round tho swollen anklo. "Now, then, can't you guess, instead of tiyingto play tho goat? You know jolly well tho man I mean." Roycroft often assumed this kind of feigned ignorance on cortnin subjects, being what one might have termed rather . ? ./. I n safe customer, as regards not saving too I much. " Well, if you want to know, Prescott's the man I'm referring to. Lord ! tn hear I him cursing the bos3 this morning was i enough to have frighteued the devil him self. There must ha' been some jolly row on last night, for I never in all my born days-" Before Singleton had finished, Maurice Liscombe opened his eyes, though what was taking pince he scorned scarcely to be aware of. His oyes rolled wildyfrom one to the other. His arms were thrown over his head, clutching at the cushions upon which ho lay. For a moment all was silent. In another instant a low, chuck ling demonincial laugh broke from Lis combe himself : " Escapo me, can he ? Never!" The tono of his voico was unnatural and unlike that evnr heard bfrforo by tiloso watching beside him. It was clearly discerniólo that ho WSB wandering in his mind from the dis jointed nature of his remarks : ""As true as my name's Liscombe- saw wholo affair plain as-call ic murder of course I do-that fellow Pioseott-moon shining full-soa calm-I'll have money Having relieved himself Of so much, ho shut his eyes once moro and slumbered. " What on ear;h is tho old fool driving at ?'' exclaimed Singleton. " Prescott mixed up with full moons and murder. Ii Bf rik03 mu the moon's lind a go nt bim by his talk. Perhaps Prcscolt'll be nble tn toll ÜB all about it." "Tako ray advice,". ; said Rnycroft, " and keep what you've heard toyoursclf. It might cause trouble." - "Porhnps your right,'' said Singleton, "though I've always heard say thal when a'man's Biiff'tring from delirium it» not right to attach tao much importance, to what ho says.,' Now taking my own case, for example, when I was laid up with rheumatic fever, I took all sorts of odd fancies into my head. Even my wife, who's the best woman on earth, came in for, a share. of cursing occasionally. It strikes ino, however, in this cass that there's something, amiss between the boss i and Prescott. - I ve noticed 'em for some time back not hitting it off quite pro per." I . V Yes," said Roycroft, '.* that has boen ! protty evident to all of us, and no wonder reithcr. - . A better chap Dover trod this j earth than Prescott. I've never known him guilty of a mean, action yot. A gentleman in eve'ry sense of tho toim, which is more than can be Said of. him,''. pbinting to tho. manager. :..'" Why,-,tho way Prescott ¡B Bpoksn to sometimes, it't a wonder to mo that he hasn't broken every bono in his body before this." . ' "Good Lord 1 do you think for a mo ment that Prescott would'take such n .mean advantage ns to strike this flabby thing hero," said Singleton, throwing' a look of contempt on tho sleeping form. "No, he's not built that way. Give him a man of his own size and weight, and then, there .would bo something , to talk about. I'll back Prescott any day for a fiver." : Tho evening was now. wearing on. Without all was still and psaceful, aavo for tho the cry-of birds whioh-.'piped 'merrily all through the night, a» sumo uro wont to~.do mathis-.hot'' land. ' - ' Or again .mightiji'e 'hoard, the- piteous wail7of wild dogs, serenading tho bright.moon in.sumo deop roeesa,of tho thiel: jungle, a whine Bo.pitoous and uncanny aa to-moko those who hear it for tho: Crab: time; imagine it fromi tho;rogions:;,whore..torments may exist. i.v, What.:nightB aro these of the tropica, i whero ; the;-deep .vault: of . Heaven : is studded with countless milliona of bright I worlds ? ; -Do they.not speak to us of ! something that wo may hope for in that unvoilcd futuro whither all,7 wo believe, aro tronding ; somolhing of peace, semo thiug of rest and repose.from all the busy toil and .vexation of spirit, which is tho general lot) of mankind . on earth ?. Yes, such aro . the dreamy, calm, othorenl nights of those lands where Great Sol in running.his daily courso boats down upon tho oarth so fiercely. ? . . :,? ?;? .Beside such nights: as these, what com parison can be drawn with tkoao of tom porate latitudes whore.tho stars shine but toobly,-'where - fogs-drift up from cold morasses, and whoro .tho sun looks sick so-'often 'through hanks of "dull-huud clouds ?. Ono IB all lifo, color and gaiety : tho/'other .'Sombre, dull and: sad. The birds in their rich plumage dartingncross tho jungle, path,-tho lizards timidly gaz ing from .their , bower of fern and rich, moist.' grasses, tho troops., of dazzling butterflies, the emerald colored snakes gliding .noiselessly , through tho under growth;;.all;soeni: to be:, endowed with greater ' vitality in lands where ; spices grow, and, alas 1 whoro Europeans sicken and die. '? . ,. . : Ovor all this, wealth of color, thia abundance .of .Nature's greatest gifts, when but to. ho. able to.be proof against malarial fever,-would mean only to live in order to enjoy, comos the warning note of death. ¡Tho ride, perhaps when: tho sun-has set, .floundering girth deep on .your trusted ? steed through stagnant water, aro then exhaled from ita noxious depths, whore infusorial lifo is teeming tho dreaded malarial gasoB. Tili« nir-knfinn- dnndlv in ita nnrnnoa 'strikes down strong and weak.- Men who ;havo ondúréd the hardships of campaign, men who. have travelled many weary leagues in the saddle without food for days would gladly experience them all ngain rather than fight the common enemy of tho tropics, whioh racks them both in mind and body as nothing else can. Lying for wooka together, with .every bono, as it wore, being hammered by innllits, by sprays of ice-cold water coursing down tho spine, ns soon to be followed by scorching irons, ns it wore, tearing the flesh asunder, aro some of the foelings of this tropical fever. Sybil had SB yet escaped all sickness, as most do whose rich English blood is not mada thin until a summer or two has passed. Willi his fino physique and well trained muscles he could defy almost any thing in the shape of bodily ailments, and would laugh when any one complained of headaches, so much thc rule with all about him. ; ' ? ' ':';. ? " . ' " Well,'!, enid Singleton; breaking a somewhat prolonged' silence," dö""-yoü think you'll want mo nhy 'longer, 'oos¿ if you don't, I think I'll bo getting back to the mksiB." . . . V ^\:'.'j¡:^.-:/'-:í;{'-~r '?? . : Singloton ¡w nB a. married ' roan, and al ways spoke of -- his better half as tho missis.' A kinder husband, never, breathed , than Hthis .'J aompwhnt ; ; rough-and-ready stockman,' who" took a ; pride in. seeing everything 'around' his ' smair homo sa neat and natty ns hands could maka it. ItB.'well-kept garden,' in whioh ho would work after tho day.'had finished. Tho snug little parlor, with its suito of fresh, bright-colorod eli i 111K and'favorito books and photogrriphs. Its tall and cool-look ing ferns, shading the . verandah,' tho pride and joy of his wife. Thoio all told of kind and loving hands which, in others, might havo boon left to languish and decay,, " Only ono thins moro, Singleton,'' said Roycroft. " When you're phasing tho barracks, seo if Prescott is there, nnd if so, tell him to come as soon as he can. I want to nrrange about the boss. Ile must have some one by him all night. In ono of his moments of frenzy Ito might become troublesome." ""Right, old boy. There's my little beauty outside pulling on her bridle as if she Baw a thousand ghosts, so I'll bo off at once. Good-night 1 and keep the old beggar quiet." In another second he had swung lightly into the saddle and was cantering through the moonlight with many a leap from the young mare, who BOemed to havo an idea that shadows of trecB and stumps were treacherous water-jumps. Roycroft and the manager were alone. Tho room thoy were in wa9 lon# and airy, and. aa tho aea-brcezc carno in gentío gusts, it made music in the glass chande lier nbove. Ii tYo garden, flying-foxes amidst the cocoa nut and banannn trees played hide-and-seek; tho crickets chirped and bats flew in and out, attracted by tho light. . All crentures of night-time woro hold ing high festival. Presently n deep groan came from Maurice Liscombo, which startled Roy croft somewhat, who WOB enjoying a clgarotto in an arm-chair. In another instant he had risen in a titting posture, but scamed to take no heed of Royc-roft's presonce. His eyes had a fixed bleary look, and woro nn ex pression of pain ns ho drew from his pocket n oeiilôd letter and ns quickly thrust it hack again, fearing lest atiy ono should seo it. : That ho was Butlering from delirium was evident. ? ' " Poor Dugdale 1 Poor Dugdale 1" ho kept ropcating to himself. "Hover inihd ;. you'll bo avenged for it. Pres cntt'll have a hard case to provo, a hard onao to provo-d-n him 1" ~ Roycroft listened with some interest, wondering what on earth thia charge lovelled against Prescott could mean. In tho distance carno tho noise of. clat tering hoofs, which Roycroft guesBed to ho Sybil riding homewards. Soon the young" Englishman pulled up and. dismounted. When he entered tho room ho stood for an instant gazing at tho bloated features and swollen ankle of tho manager, then taking his sent close to Roycroft, thoy talked for a timo in low voices. " ls ho wandering V HAB ho beon say ing anything ?'? queriod Sybil, who was apparently anxious to know something about tho patient. "YOB, ho is saying a lot moro thnn he ought to." ' "Anything about mef Is ho uncon scious ?" " Very much so, and for that roason I attach no importance to his words.V :"But what lins ho boon saying," Sybil inquired, anxiously. . ...Bettor not bo too curious-; it mightn't please you." "Como, now, Roycroft ; there can.be nothing between us. Take mo into your confidence ; 1- promiso you it'll go no fur ther." . 1 ? ' . " For your own sake, I trust not; it's a very ugly report, old boy." ; At those worda. SybiLroso to his foot, fearing'what-ho "guessed when he had hoard that-Liscombe, WAR delirious. Ad vancing Blowly towards Roycroft ho took him gently by. the shoulder, gazing, fear lessly into his oyeB. : . "Doo» he-doeB he "-boro lie fal tered-a little-" mention-, the name of Dugdnlo, accusing ino of-of-" \- Ho sank into a chair, the Yr ords refus ing to come. Roycroft stood over him, wondering what it all meant. .. - . 