HE DOCTORS S HOOK THEIR BEADS. "I would gtv» a million dollars for a stomach," said a wealthy American recently* Now, a million dollars {£200,000) is a deal of money, but ho was not able to buy the article even at that price. Mv Thomas Gaskio, ot No. 3, Poplar Row, Darlsy Abbey, near Dorby, it not so rich as many, being a gardener, but he was ready enough to givo ali he had for ono thing he hadn't got. Here is hia etory, and he shall teil it in hia own way. Mr Oaskin goes oo to say „ " Up to eight years ago I had never loit an hour's work through aicknesa. In December, 1882, whilst living at Beeaton, near Nottingham, my appetite fell away, I had dreadful pain after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, wbieh would fill with water and slime, the latter so thick and sticky that I often bad to remove it with my fingers. My cheat used to'fill' and my throat would swell so IiCouldn*l button my shirt at tbe neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly a yellowish. green phlegm, I had a racking cough, and would cough and strain till I Med at the note, and tho blood rushed out of my ears. 1 became exhausted and short of breath aod had to call the doctor, and waa in bed five or six weeks. "I then went as out-patient to the Nottingham Hospital, and alter attending there for aix months waa very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends laid it waa all up with me. For eighteen months I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the doctors recommended me to try a change of air. So X came to Darlty Abbey and my former master gave me an indoor recommendation to tbe Derbyahire Infirmary, Derby. I found, however, that all tho beda in the bospital were full and 1 saw my club doctor, and also two doctors at Derby. The first one said,' Ton are in. a gallopingJ consumption and must die; the other doctors, alter sounding my lungs and cheat, said nothing, but shook their heads. " Getting a trifle belter my old master allowed me to do what .little I could in hia gardena and grouods; and some days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few days. Things went on like this until Daeember 1888, when I caught cold, gat very abort of breath, and broke down completely. I waa always coughing aod spitting up phlegm, sometimes aa much as a teacupful at once, and was afratdf io go-to ileep /OT fe&r; tht phlegm, would ditke me. At tins^iiuie tbe whites of my eyes turned yellow, and my eyes were bloodshot. My lips and mouth were dry and parehed and I oiten broke out into a eold clammy «wea\ My tongue waa like a piece of brown learher, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. I" managed to get up for a few hours at a time, but was ao weak that I had to take hold of tbo furniture to move a few yards. I waa always tired and weary, and sitting or lying, waa never at ease and got oo real rest. Too weak to read I often sat for hours looking at my hands—.nothing 6ut akin and bone, and was ao nervous I couldn't bear the least noise, and the children at play quits upset me, "The doctor kept on attending me, but be aaid . tan do you no good ; 1 can only, patch you up „ baause jjauy lung* art diseased, I then gate over taking hia medicine and tried everything i could hear of. One thing waa a cough cure from London that cost 22a a bottle. But nothing did any food, and my friends who came to see mo said,' (fell yw wool cougi much longer, you kavt merely to prepare JOT anoth*r wild,' "About the middle of March, 1889, a neighbour named Joseph Tatham, who works in th> paper milla at Darley Abbey, aaid to me,« Tom, did yon mer try Mother SeigeYs Syrup ? and told me how he had beea oured after being in the hospital. He »poke so much in praise of this medicine I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr Smitli'a Stores in Victoria Street. Aftar tbe first doae I had an evacuation black aa ink, and vomited. Then 1 fell asleep and felt reeled wnen I awoke! After taking tbe medicine for three days my breathing got oeaief, ray food kept down, and in a few days more I was able to go out for a abort walk. By the end of a fortnight I went to tee my master, who asked what had wrought the improvement, and I told bim, aa I tell every one that Mother Seigel's Syrup had saved my life, { commenced work at one, and have never loat a day'a work since. "Of courae my strength did not return all at one?, but after taking Sfeiget'a Syrup for six months I was strong as ever in my lite and have continued to ever since." In giving hia consent to tbe publication of this remarkable statement, Mr. Gaskin, requests us to refer all doubtera to him or to Mr. Keetiy, Head Gardener, Darley Abbey, who ia acquainted with all the tbe facta alleged. Mr. Gaskin has lired a: Darley Abbey 22 years and beara an excellent reputation. Now what was tbe complaint from which Buffered ? Not galloping consumption, certain'y (as one of the doctor* thought), or he would h&vt; galloped into hit grave in 1 est than three month*, l'iftead ot growing worse for aeveu years. Hia eomplaint was chronic inflammatory dyspepsia (ur chronic gastric catarrh), winch haa lung aympioms like conaumption, for wlneb it iB so often ignorantly mistaken and wrongly treated. When the right remedy, Mother Beigel's Syrup, was used tho disease yielded, as all dise»«es of the digestive tract do yield to (bat magnificent preparation. We heartily oongratulate Mr. Gaskin on hia reoovery, and commeed the facts of his caae lo all thinking people. ARTESIAN WATEB OH LISSINOTOV STATION.-* Furthei news regarding the result of the operations at No. 3 bore on LiisiDgton says tbe Bourke Correspondent of tbe S M Herald goea to show that a magnificent success has been aehieved, the supply being tbe largest yet reported in Australia. Tbe water was tapped at a depth of 1070fr., when tbe workibg was in flin. tubing. The rush with which the water came waa so great that a line of wooden poles over 1000ft. waa forced up against tbe derrick head and smashed. A sinker, Jftcwt., which waa at tbe bottom, was thrown clean out of tbe bore and fell on to one side, A shower of grevel and stones was slao thrown up. The water shot fully 20ft. above tbe derrick, which is nesrly 60ft. high. It has now settled down to 8ft, above tbe mouth of the tubing, The body of water is so great that it has not been possible to gauge the flow ; but Mr. Porter « Canadian borer of considerable experience, who is in eharge of the plant, estimates that it esnnot be less than 5.000,000 or 6.000.000 gallons. Even assuming that the estimate is greatly in success of tbe actual flow, it is quite evident that a magnificent supply of incs'eulabls value has been obtained. Messrs. Ceward Bros., tbe owners of Liesington station, had the boring done by means of a station plant. Very shortly after com mencing the bore bard rock was encountered but after this wss pierced the eiuking was good to the end. Tax NABAKDEBA MXAT CHILLING WOB^S.— Things at the Biverius Chilled Meat Company's works (says the Narandera Argus of Saturday lest), are rapidly nearing completion. Steam has been got up during tbe past ten days for tbe purpose of dissolving the calcium; so far, all on hand, some six tons, have been treated, bqt four tons more ar* required to fill the tanks preparatory to successful ice-making. It is expected to arrive by train. The tubes and chamber set aside for the purpose have been charged with ammonia, and everying is in readiness to kill, dress and chili asmaqy as 180Q bead of sheep dsily. Mr R. Hudson, the aon? trsctor, will be in Narsqdera the early part of next week, when a meeting of the directorate will take place, end a date fixed fjr tbf formal tatting over of the worke. At a meeting of tbe secretaries of the Englith cricket ciubs, held on Tuesday it waa unanimously resolved to aend an invitation for an Australian eleven to viait Englapd in 1884. It was considered ttiqt quadrennial visits by Australian teams would be often enough. Lord Hawke spoke sowewhat severely of these visits, declaring that the who|^ thing was a iaerg fDODsysmaking business, 