SERMON FOR THE WESLEYAN CONFERENCE. The Rev. J. Nicholson, the President of the Wedeyan Methodist Conference, preached the official sermon on Sunday morning in the Pine-street Church to a good congregation in connection with s the sessions of the annual Conference. HiB subject was, '.'The Ministry of Church Members," educed from the text, "Would God that all the lord's people were prophets, and that the Lord would put His spirit upon them," Numbers xi. 29. Hesaid the growth of modern Methodism, with its nearly thirty millions of adherents, was a surprise to many. Luke Tyremaa had dedaiipd—"Metho dism to be the greatest fact lathe, history of the Christian Church." Dr. E. W. Dale also spoke generously of the " magnificent vigour" of the Methodist Clmroh in Australia, and affirmed there was " something in the organi zation, the creed, and thecharactfefistic spirit of" Methodism that made it a great religious force in a British colony." There were many things ■ that contribute to thiB prosperity. Their pure Scriptural dootrines were, according to Joseph. Cook, "good preacliable theology." Their extemporaneous and experimental preaching; their class fellowship which gave watch and ward over members; their oompact and yob. elastic organization which brought them in. touch with varied phases of social life; their free use of lay agencies; and the liberty given to the members to exercise their gifts for general edification, unfettered by sacerdotal. restrictions, combined with a practical belief in the power and presence of the Holy Ghost in the Church, all tended to promote the continual growth of tho Church. His text dealt with what was a striking feature in. Methodism, the mutual ministry of its members under the impulse of the spirit. God had given Moses seventy elders to assist him in the work of teaching or prophesying to tbe people. Two of their, number prophesied m the camp instead of the tabernacle,, and Joshua protested against this irregularity. But Moses was filled with a magnanimous, spirit, and rejoioed in their goodly zeal by replying "Would God that all the Lord's people were prophets, end that he would put nis spirit upon them." This was the true spirit of the Methodist Christian ministry, while recognising the New Testament doc trine of the pastorate as conferring functions for the efficient discharge of official duties they had no tinge of sacerdotal claims, which mode ministers the custodians of grace or sacrificing priests. All Christians were prieste unto God, and had the right to use their gifts for the general welfare of the Church and world. To centre all on the minister was to make it a one-man ministry and circumscribe the work of the Church. More workers were needed. If every minister had the iogio of Wesley, the fire of Whitfield, the oratory of Tensilon, the soul-saving zeal of Stoner, bad. a body that never tirea, and a tongue that never flagged, so that they could live without, study by day or rest by night, they would still be unable to cope with all the evil that, was ill the world. Nothing: less than ' the entire membership of the Church banded in zealous war against sin and in favour of righteousness would reach the Divine ideal of a Christian Church. Tho term " prophets" was used in the text, not in. the primary sense of possessing prescienoe, but in the secondary sense of being teachers and exliorters concerning tho truths of salvation. It implied direct personal intercoms? with people about their souls, by those who had become consciously saved. The early Christ ians "went everywhere preaching the word,"" and the spirit of modern Christianity was coming closer to that of the primitive Church.. The worshippers in their Churches had tho right to give gospel invitations, for the Master had said:—"Let him that heareth say come." Only by that means could the varied gifts of the Church be utilized. Reference was made to the Christian Endeavour movement, and'tlie eontcmplated establishment of a Methodist Guild for workers which had similar objects in. illustration of the theme of individual effort aa personal Christian duty. The sermon1' con cluded with an exhortation to bo useful, which, was said to represent the essential spirit of Methodism when all the Lord's people were prophets with the spirit resting upon them. 