THE PHANTOM TRAIN. Mountain engineer! are perhaps the most fearless class of men in the world. Journeys of so perilous a nature that the blood of an ordi- nary man would curdle at the ,bare thought of one undertaken are successfully nado by thein, and under circumstances of so trying a charac ter that on -reflection the average man would marvel at. Those n-.en who ride hundreds of miles through tin mountains are seldom frightened, but to dsy tbcro resides in Denver & man who would not "pull a train over Marshall Pass for a cool million, and when the name pi that famous place is mentioned he involuntarily clenches his hands and pales visibly. . Several yeare ago there was a story circulated that three times a week a phantom train Went steaming over toe pass, ana that ghostly forms could be eeen through the car windows, and although the statements in regard to it were incoherent, engineers began to regard a certain portion of the track with suspicion, and usually hugged the rails there as close as possible. One morning a freight 44 runner" pulled into Green Hirer and informed the operator that he had seen the train, and eo earnestly did he plead) with the master mechanic that he .was given an; eugineon the Salt Lake division. Other expe riences were related, and it became almost a weekly occurrence that some engineer would report having eeen a train ot which the desp&tcherhaa; do record and could not account for. In nearly every instance the engineers who complained were those who pulled toe night passenger, which reached Green River at 7 o'clock in toe morning. One engineer who had twice seen the much- talked-of train pulled up out of Salida as white as the snow on the ground, and the faUowi&s; morning the fireman brought the enginB into Green river, the brakeman firing, and the engineer in an insensible condition. He had sesn the phantom train, and that was his last trip on the road, The regular train was then plioed in the hands of an old and tried engineer, by the name of Nelson Edwards, who had as a fireman Charles Whitehead. Both men were boot and calculating, well educated and generally con sidered the most fearlets men 2a the employ of the Rio Grande— men who had caught runaway trains on the mountain side without so «&uoh; a flush suffusing their cheeks. For nearly two months they were on the train, back and forth every other day, and while the alternating crews had changed several times, they had not as yet seen the mysterious train, the sight of which had been the can «e of so many engineers quitting that division. One evening, just at dark, while the fireman was lighting the lamp, the engineer, Edwards, experienced a strange feeling creeping over him, ana as he pulled into the canon toe silence seemed deeper than usual, the night darker and the air cooler. Several times before they reached the grade the 44 popping ' of the safety valve caused him to start. But soon tbey were winding in and about the labyrinth of small canons and over deep arroyas, and as bis trailed 4&jfetttihe; glittering rsile ahead he hB uimtiness. Engineers seldom speak to thtw firemen— as a rule they are too busy; the con stant watching requires that their minds should be on their work, and to-night Edwards was more like a sphinx than usual, for it was re ported that there was a bridge, in danger of going down, and a defective rai! in one of the canons, and ever and anon he elakened the speed of his train as a matter of safety. The engineer peaed under the anowshed, and the strauge roar so peculiar on such occasions followed. While in the shed far away there came the long, warning whistles of an ap proaching train. Edwards remarked to ma fireman that No. 8 was following too close. Again, when about five miles farther on, he re cognised toe same whistle, this time nearer, and at short intervals the signal was heard coming rapidly nearer. "It must be a wild train," Whitehead grumbled, as the engineer reached for the rope and gave two short, sharp whistles only to hear the long, dangerous auswers. Again in a uowshed, it occurred to him that be had to 11 saw by an ea-tt-bouud freight at the next switch, 2-3 miles further np the mountain, and as he left the shed the bell sounded three times, and ho brought hi3 train to a standstill as quickly as possible. He could hear the doleful sound oi' the followers, and the piston rods travelled back and forth in the cylinders in the crisp night air, but a sound more ominous than that was the long-drawn whistles of the engine that w&9 so rapidly overhauling him. The con ductor ran forward at this juncture, aud asked : 44 What did you stop for ?' 44 What did you pull the bell-cord for?" re- joiQed Edwards. " You're crazy," the conductor said. 44 Now, pull her wide" open aud light out for the switches, because we've got to pose No. ll) there, and besides, there's a wild train a-ciimb- ing up on us. D'ye hear?" Edwards drew back the lever with a strange feeling. He opened the throttle, the wheels slipped on the steel rails, but as they caught the tatid, the loag, heavy tram began to tuove forward slowly. Both men in the cab could bear the sand grind beneath the enormous weight of the engine. The train increased in momentum as it moved forward, aud iu about five minutes was running asfa?t as practicable un that portion of the road. The following train was approaching nearer aud nearer. Again the 3hort series oi warning whistles was beard, which Edward answered, butculyto hear the wild tnin give the danger signal again. Holcokedoutof the window as he was rouitoing a curve and noticed the other train rapidly approaching. Cold beads of sweat stood out on his iorehad os he pulled the throttle wide open. Faster and faster the speed of the train increased, and more dau- gerous was the track. They were now ir the very wor.-t portion of the pass, where the anow banks were the most treacherous, and just in this part ci the track was where the broken rail was reported. Every time the engine struck a curve it seemed as though it was im possible for the small flanges to hold the engine to the raflj. The cars were rocking violently. The plungers were ruiely awatened fn'a theirslumbers !>y the train striking a snowdrift. Tub speed or the train was so great that the tram broke toe drift easily and was soon roaring through a scowshtr-J. How the fire man laboured. Hi shirt was wet with perspi ration, for the hungry fu:n.«c-t cousutntd the coaiso«:uickly that the stack bt'cheu fire. The p is?eug-.r-» having br-n warned of the i:uj on linger, hadure-seci themselves. The wv::' a w «n- wringing kuuda iu despair, strong men were trembling, aud the thougnt of every penoa ou the tram was oi the uian v.'hus-? Uau'l :»-!!t.-'i un the throtth.- of the engine aheai. W'-uiu the roar train dash into the cc acht-s u:ri kill all the passengers r Who was their tug. uevr Vi i.-- he competent ? W«s the v::g::.tcr in the :ear tiain mad The cur tains Wei" T;! thrown up, a tew daring men cluug on t il- platform aud glanced anxiously b.ck. The conductor started suddenly as he caught a glimr-ee o. thy driving wheels of the reartraiii. Tln-y were fully ten inches larger than thore on the engine ahead. With hand tightly clinched ou the throttle Edwaids'o eye rigidly swept the track. He wag a good engineer, for even us.«i?r that awful strain lie had the presence ct rmud to tout off his steam ia order tu savei' when running down grade without brake pressure, and ueveronce while running did he aiiow power to take the plttce of spied, a fault ui uio-it eogineeis under excite- i„ent. At this tim the snow began tu defend, , snd in the peculiar light that settles unearth, caused by roe snow, Edwards saw something in a backward glance he took that made his , blood freeze, and almost caused his heart to > cease beating. On the top of one of the cars of the rear train was a tall white figure of a maa p»sticulatiug wildly, while he could see a white rorra in the cab. A terrible thought daeLed through his mind — the train, the traiu, the peculiar condition— it was the phantom train. Wiih.ut further parley, reg-rdless of the broken rail, he dropped the Jever another uotch, and then 8 quickly as possible, hut cautiously he opened the throttle vslve. Hj8 trained tar caught every sound his engine made, and under U:e intense excitement he once i thought he heard the pistons grinding and the axle pound. It would be impossible to pass a broken rail at the terrific speed thev were travell ing. He was lauding tho race by about i!ui)y:irda now, and as his train approached a point whore the track reversed and ran parallel, Lh nerved himself for tho trial. He rounded the curve safely and started, aud w.ia moving hack on the serpentine curve with the rapidity of lightning. As be pasied the other engine he raw two ex tremely white figures in the cab. The spectre engineer turned a face to bim like dough, and laughed. The ghostly fireman reached for the cord, and again a" series of short, sharp whietles souuded. On the traiu plunged into the night, roaring through enow.toeds and over iron bridges that truublea beneath the sudden shock. So fast was the train travelling that the rush of uir could he heard by the p&tseugerfl.; Wherever their was a snow drift the train would break through it like a hurri cane. Faster and faster, tor now they ere mounting to the highest point of the pass, where the air was coldest, steam was not so plentiful, and soon Edwards had the lever in the corner and the throttle .wide open. The greatest speed his engine ws- capable of had been attained, aod Edwards could bat watch . the puis in-front of him and keep his hands on the throttle. The phantom tram eras gaining ; he could go no f safer, he was helpless. Around the shelves of high mountains and along the ridge of lofty hills, over deep arroyas, through long snowsheds the race continued ; the very landscape was closing behind toe train like a cloud : the mountoius seemed to recede rapidly, but all the while the spectre train was gaining ground. The wind arose and sighed, snd from toe north heavy clouds began to drift south ward. The pilot struck a slight auow bank and hurled it a hundred feet high. A terrific storm was soon in progress, the furies of which seemed to concentrate ou the fleeing passenger train. On into the night the trains swept, spectre aud passenger, tike bolts of lightning pursuing one another through the sky. Edwards sighted a bridge that waa reported weak, passed it safely, and having by this time crossed the summit was now on the down grade. Steeper it became, and when one particularly heavy bill was reached, Edwards was guilty of running the grade without applying toe air brakes. 8oon he sighted the switch. No. 19 was not there, and, with a madness born of excitement, he went tearing by like the wind. Another series of short, sharp whistles and an instant later, the .ngiiiMitVw'a redl&ilMsn; ewinring in toe tightegfr%ay. He wuTOSding down'gyue, the tBUffght of No. 19'afiead, the mysterious train behind, and a trained mechanic he in atinctively applied the air. The wheelsstopped revolving, but the train was still running over tbe snowy rails. Far ahead he obBervedlight, shadowy, fantastic forms, and as tbe train drew nearerohe eaw that they were repairing the track. They were spirits, and the next minute flying towards the ghosts on the track, passed through the crowd of ten or twelve, reached the curve beyond, and Edwards ventured a' backward glance. He saw the phantom train run to a broken rati, the engine ran off on to the ties, and one second later the heavy freight pitched down the embankment, and a moment later vanished. Written in the frost of the fireman's window was thefollowing, in a peculior hand : 44 Yeers ago a frate train was recked as you saw — now that yu saw it, we will never make another run. The eojine was not o under cantrol, and four sexshun men wor killod. If yu ever ran on this road again yu will be recked." p Sio. 19 at the second switch, reached Green river at 6 o'clock the next morning, an hour ahead of time, and left the Rio Grande that day. The following evening be went to Salt Lake, and is considered one of the most trustworthy men in their employ. The nignt. — TFeeklc Budget. 