HOUSE RIMMON. A 8TOEY OF THE "BLACK COUNTRY" OF SOUTH STAFFOBDSHIBE. CHAPTER XXXVIDL—CCosmsDED.) •BY JEANTE GWYNNE BETTANY, Author 6t " &XJST; SsB0EB*B TWO ltKQaOIES," WTO. itadeline on every occasion kept as much in the background as possible, distinguished most by her unohtrusive helpfulnesa. But when the •near gave his Christmas Eve party this year, she was prevailed upon to accompany the Saltrings, principally to avoid making herself conspicuous by resisting their importnnities. Sere, during the performance of & Beethoven , for jnaao'and violin by Miss Towei-s sad the vicar (he had a great idea of elevating the popular taste), Madelme sat with such rapt attention that the eyes of everyone became fixed upon her. M 1 * F^^1'"^™ ""ighH"" 1 in her listening attitude, and wnen the sonata was aver, aAea her if she played. "Ihave been accustomed to playing,'* she replied simply. "Sane of my relatives are professional muFa*riflHB. w She bad scarcely uttered these words when ale appeared to regret Mr. PwUnghiim B&w; thiB, and so. led her at once to the piano, and placed her before a volume of Beethoven's sonatas. She sought out the Sonata Appas- • sonata, and rendered fte surpassing mnsic with deep feeling. Every one, even the least educated, present, was impressed, and all agreed that she must not be allowed to stop. Still as simply and as self-forgetfully she commenced ••Leg Adieax." Never was mora pathos thrown into the sonata, - Mr. Rockingham thoughts She the instrument spealc impassioned and plalntiva fare wells, heartfailings azid misgivings, deep and hallowed a&ectSos.; But when the theme of the Return broke from her-fingers, the- joyousness of it excited the vicar, ana Amy Towns, and Modajne Pelbois, who had in spite of herself drawn near, beyond description. Madrime tamed, and seeing their marked pleasure, reoeated this final .movement (masked. Their salent wish thus them, caused Mr. Eockinehaui to reflect that he had never seen such delicacy of feeling in any one before. Hie b^ran to be deeply interested in her. When she had finished, fie said to her in a reverential tone— " You said you had some relatives who were professional musicians, Miss Orme. Why did yon not tell me yon were one yourself r" "Because I am not one," Baid Madeline gravely, and looking without fear into the eyes of tho clergyman. " Jleally, Mil Saltring," said the vicar," how have you possessed yonraelf of all this talent,' and why in the name of charity have, you bidden the light under a bushel P" « Well,'" replied Mr. Saltring, rather red but very good-humoured, "I don't know much about music myself, but it did strike me she played very well; but my daughter, who is a Lit of a judge, thought otherwise." Mr. Saltrmg was redder after having made this remark, for he was conscious of having said more »"»" he had intended. But feeling compelled to say something else now, he added, with all appearance of candour, " I may as veil tell you that die sings, or you will say I have hidden that light under a bushel, too." There was a general buzz when this was heard. Everybody was of one opinion. She must eing at on-e^ Her talking voice was so Bweet, what must it he when she sang ? " I feel as if I am being shown," said Madeline, with the faint smOe which traversed her face rarely. "But since yoa wish it, I will sing." There was no need to ask for silence when She sat down once more before the piano. As the vicar had shown so strong a preference for Beethoven, it was "Adelaida" that she chose to Sing. She sang it to the Italian words. One woman, a butcher's wife, remarked to one of her friends, " If s the beiutifnltest thing I ever beard sung. Bat I can't think the words are -very gooi. They sound Etonian Catholic like.*' Never had there been each a party at the vicarage. Mrs. Saltring was reconciled to having come; for wasn't this great attraction «f the evening her own property, so to speaker to eay the least, her importation? I«te that night, Mrs. Saltring entered Made line's chamber to kiss her favourite again, and trade much of her. She found her weeping bitterly, and nothing Bhe could do induced the girl to'say why. It sal a great trouble to her, bat she was compelled by Madeline's entreaties to leave her. And Madeline kept a vigil that night, and made a retrospect of her past, with itB huzowing details, against her will. This was her occup ition still when the slow winter miming broke; it was Christmas Day. All eyes were turned on Madeline as she, with the Sutrings, ptssed up the church aisle on Christmas morning. Those who had been at «.»»vicarage the night before gued with renewed interest on the musidan who had been revealed to them. Something unusual was oa the seat Madeline ordinarily occupied. It was on. exquisitely bound oopjr of the Christmas anthems; and Madeline's name was inside the cover, in the vicar's handwriting. Within the book was a bookmark with three rihbons hanging from it; at the end of each was a piece of silver, on which were engraved, though dimly, forJtbe thing was old, tta features of a comt W "Wcfl,"whispered Mr.Saltring, "he mi^it loin ^ivenyoa something new, at any rate, a "Oh, no,". HsiiMim»~«Btoa. "Be las efind me aamathn^ Jhe values, I am sure Tbe beHsto|>pecL Tfciid the vicar entered and -tod^l^B aoeastooied fflaoe, nfct without a glance ^faroaghhis anec&des; at the SaitringB* pew. IfpAlt.. Jain- IU. WhnJ. ruhp no owe but ^Madrfmp knew that be saw OB.' Bat it was evident to all tbe eoogregathe v$arww drills metUe; he had n^Mbeforejveadtodeucb asermon. 'Andin timChrisfmaa aufbam the perfect voice of the -etzanger raintrol rose and n&edthe; church. f'Woa oner aaag iu-cfanrdi .before," Mrs. Saltring observed to bar as they-wars going "It was the least ican do,'' Madeline tepSed,; . .... • :Afttfeeporcfc tfca vicar net tnem. -JOesbook 'tMadeBnff hut. Instead of tlianking ~ fcwonld fcavedanfi, fcr jd^'IGrie&blini; Ur intoU me l^wtH*!^ that ..bookmark be- " responded .Jus. ;.«I am .not euiprised you asked niMninrX rtfcmk of it** the the graves and not seeing them. "I have one Bister now, tnt X onoe another. But die via lost. She used to play and sing IflsB yon. This bookmark was hers. When X heard you sing AdfhTfla you won it from me. IwOIteU you some more when I can, if yon will let Be." "It is very good of you to trust me," said Madeline, looking meekly down. "I will neverpartwitii t£ebookmark." And UMtU if inspired to ask one more ^aestioo, she inquired, "She did not die, your sister, did •her" Ttevoitt in which he replied, "No," was —"~Jy f^JMa. They had reached the church gate ; and parted on their respective roads " j When she reached home, a new surpri awaited Madeline. A large packet had be left for her doling church-time. The writr outside it was identical with that upon the b< of «nHiwi« |a the She sat down la a chair, and undid her packet. It was a volume of Beethoven's sonatas, bat not a new one; Mid on the cover was the name " Olive Boclring- As the name met her eyes, tfaey dilated. All the household were crowding about her; bat she coaid sot refrain from saying, "How strange! Htnrvoy strange!" x "It is a great compliment," said Madeline, "that he should have given me these. They belong to his dead aster, or at any rate a lost aster." "Well, what is there odd in it, then?" said Mrs. Saltring- "Onlythis,"said Madeline, dreamily taming the leaves of the sonatas, " my mother's name, was Olive." Mrs. Saltring expected more on hearing this; bat Madeline began to draw off her gloves leisurely, then rose and went upstairs. The plum-pudding had been brought in, all burning, according to old custom ; and a dish of hot mince pies had called forth a shout of glee from the youngsters. This Shout covered a cry from Madeline, who was seated opposite to the window, and saw someone pass. That someone rang at the door, and was admitted. A servant came in, and spoke to Mr. Saltring, and gave him a card. "Strange!" he said; "I don't know the name at all. Simpler who can he be?" At tho sound of the name, Madeline grew more composed; " a chance likeness, that was all," she thought. "Well," Mr. Saltring said to his wife, "I will go and see him, and bring him in. He may as well join as. He'll take a glass of wine at all events. Hie may possibly have come from a distance." And Mr Saltring laid his table-napkin upon the table in a heap. Mrs. Saltring could not help noticing Madeline's peculiar look; and it passed through her brain in a vague way, how queer it was that people's looks should be so different on different days, and resemble people they had nothing to do with. One day Madeline reminded her of Keziah'e baby, bnt now there was a proud look in her face that recallei to her no one so much as Mr. Rockingham. It was odd; and She unconsciously wondered what had brought it there at this particular moment. Mr. Saltnug's loud voice was soon beard as he approached the door across the hall. The dining-room door swung open. Mr. Bimpler was with him. Madeline did not turn her face. She had never known a Mr. Simpler. Hie bore a very strange likeneas to someone she had known. She would not look at him. Mr. Bimpler, for his part, did not notice anyone but Mrs. Saltring, to whom he was introduced, and with whom he entered into conversation. " You know the people I am with, 1 believe, he said to her. " I am Mr. Hackbit's clerk, and it is his badness that has brought me here today, or rather his trouble. He is 31, &nd; Mrs. Hackbit begged me to ask Mr. Saltring to come over. Claxet P Tes, thank you." His glass was filled. Mr. Bimpler glanced round the table, in the act of raising his glass to his lips. "Good heavens," he exclaimed—"I mean, good claret." Everybody stared at him. What did he mean by saying "good heavens," for "good claxet," and in such a tone too? But it was quite clear he had sufficient cause to exclaim, for Miss Orme was in the act of falling from her chair in a swoon. Ihat must have been what startled him. Bat how odd, then, that he should have said " good claret," after " good heavens." A great commotion followed, in which Mr. Bimpler made good bis escape from another zoom, explaininmg in a not altogether natural voice, that strangers were best out of the way. He wasaloue in the drawing-room for some minutes. He struck his hands together two or three times, and said, " Corse itShe's infernally like her. She is her! and it's the most unpleasant business. She knew me; that's why she fainted. Con—found it!" At length a smile broke over his face. " I needn't trouble myself," he thought "She doesn't seem to know me. Besides, I can swear I've never Been her before: mistaken identity. Very awkward though! I should'nt care for it to come oat that I was a medical student in Germany, and all the rest of it. Wonder where hez^jmother is ? By Jove though, she's grownbmdsomer; and more a fool, probably. She must have been a fool to believe me. I wonder what she'd think, if she knew that the child wasn't dead, after all, but only taken away. It's a very strange coincidence that Mrs. Hackbit's adopted child should have so much of her look. Mere coincidence. It would be too much like the penny agonies, if that were to turn oat to be the very child. Tet such things have happened. It's so difficult to get at the truth, the woman having left the neighbourhood directly, and taken the child with her. And Mrs. Hackbit says this child was a collier's, who was killed in an explosion. and the mother died of the shock ; so the thing seems square enough-" Mr. Saltring entered, and put an end to these reflections. " How is Miss the young lady ?•' asked Mr. Bimpler in a matter-of-fact way, and with no expression of any sort on his face. Miss Orme is better now. She is not strong. She has had excitement this morning; that mast be the reason of her fainting. It is not the first tune she has done so since she has been with us." Has she been with you long?" asked Mr. " Not very," replied Mr. Saltring; " but we have grown very fond of her, and we hope she won't leave as any more.'' Mr. Bimpler devoutly hoped she would, but could searcely make the remark. " How long has Mr. Hackbit been so ill?" "Well, he's been drinking a great deal lately; and I think it's been coming on. him the last few dayi. There was no keeping%im from it. I did my best; but who am I, to dictate to him?" There's no train for such a long time," said Mr. Saltring, " that we must drive. It's too far for one horse; but I know a public-house where I can change on the way. I've done it before." Mr. Saltring's dog-trap appeared at the door; and he and Mr. Simpler got into it, and drove away, Mr. Bimpler remarking upon the frostinees of the air and the slipperiness of the road, in the most natural manner, and not committing the human weakness of looking bade. CHAPTER mnr.-lfa. Hackbit's Cheistxas Day. It was between five and six o'clock when Mr. Saltring and Mr. Bimpler arrived at Hackbit's house; it was dark. There was no light in any of the downstair rooms facing the street; bat one of the two upper rooms had a light, which shone through dark red curtains. On entering they won met by Wilson, who ignored Mr. RimpW altogether, and loofcrd at, addressed, and answered Mr, Saltring only. The doctor bad seen Mr. HifMit, ana bad ordered such large doses of landannm, and so often, that Mm.Hackhitdared not give them. She was upstate with Mr. Hackbit, which Wilson did not think proper or safe, as Mr. Hackbit was mad, in heir opinion, and wanted a strait-jacket. Mr. Saltring went upstairs, and Mr. Bimpler remained where he was, for the time, and afterward* went to his own bedroom and sat there. As Mr. Sal trmg opened the door of the bedroom,He saw iCezjah, terrified and weeping, and Mr. Hackbtt in a very memawng attitude. He aeemed to recognise Mr. Saltring as he entered, and addressed him at once. "I'm glad you've come," he said, with heavy and ili-aimed movements, trying to wipe the perspiration from his brow -t 1 frfi which waa deeply tad.' "Ton will see*me righted. They're in a,plot againt ma. She's in It,' ''The devil's in it too. And T saw him last night looking atthewindow. , They're all in the plot." "We'll see it all put right," Mr. .Saltring replied, boothingly. Then taming to Keziah, he said," Wilson eays you've not given the medidnethe doctororlared." f <"It'sJUa4annm," wluspSRd Kesiah, with dJstedqyea,'' *'jand ao mnch and so often, I'm Yoa mw^tg^ia^'SBr ^'Satt-: Mr. Saltring now. His eyes were injected terribly, and looked as if he could not have slept for many nights, Mr. Saltring raised the glass to his lips. Hackbit attempted to hold it, too, bat trembled so violently that Ids teeth chattered against the glass. He swallowed the dose, however. " I shall be ruined," said he, as soon as be had swallowed it. " They r re all in the plot, Saltring. There's that Sunnier, be ferrets everything oat. He got to Know all about uncle Bimmon and the businen in Brum." Here he broke off, and began to strike the air violently. " Take that," be said, " and that." The persjiiration was pooling off him now. Mr. Saltring pinioned nim, fearing what he would do next. " Look here," be said, " Saltring. I'm not going to be cut with them knives. I know wh»t you're holding me for." " You're not going to be cat with any knives," replied Mr. Saltring. "Well,'' retained Mr. HirMa, confidentially, " I've killed that fdlow three times today, and there he is again," and he shook himself free of Mr. Saltnng, and plunged towards the mirror, in which was his own reflection, and sent it smashing into the window. Mr. Saltring seized him, but be was not sufficient. Hackbit struggled and raved. Keriah flow from the room, and called Mr. Simpler. Wilson was on the staircase. "Fetch the doctor," Eeaaifiaid to bar; the master's worse." She did not go back into Che room. Once free, she dared not return. 8he_ just went downstairs and sat in the dark diniugroom, in a kind of apathy. She was startled Cram har Terbrte by the doctor's voice. He was asking where die was. She went to him. "Have yoa given the laudanum, Mrs. Hackbit, 20 drops every two hours, since I was here ?" he asked her. " Oh, doctor, I didn't dare," aaid poor Keziah. The doctor was on abrupt, and not a ladies' man ; so he became angry. " l>o yoa want him to die," he asked, with an aspect of ferocity, " that you don't obey my orders "r He would have been asleep now, if yon had done what I told ycu." And with this the doctor walked upstairs, Keziah f >llowing. Mr. Hackbit had in the meantime been fastened to his bed, and had become more violent, though his eSorts were ine&ectual.; "Just one drink of brandy, Bimpler, come," Hackbit was bawling in his ear. " It would make a man of me again. Look here," he called out to the doctor, " these lrmJmari make me stay out in this graveyard without a drink of brandy to steady my nerves. They can't see those ghosts, but I can. Oh, how their bones rattle! Just one little drink of brandy, and I'll stand it." And he babbled on feverishly. "Look here, my good people, it's not my fault," he called out, " lam only the representative. Yon didn't borrow the money of me. Look in my pockets. I'm as poor as you. Don't bother me about where you're going to sleep to night. See, I am in a cold graveyard. I've nothing better.'' Mr. Saltring looked at the doctor, who was dropping some more Inudannm into the glass. " He's in a bad way," he said. " He most get sleep," said the doctor, " at all cost. That fool of a woman didn't give the doses." Mr. Saltring felt inclined to resent this language. Bat looking in the doctor's face, he concluded that his bark was worse than bis bite. Hackbit willingly drank out of the glass, bat did not appear satisfied. His hands were loosed, ana he moved them incessantly in a nervous way against one another, or upon the the quilt. " Are you stayiug here to- night f" the doctor asked of Mr. Saltring. "Yes," he replied. * * " Then give him the 20 drops again, every two hours until he sleeps. Mrs. Hackbit ought to go to bed. She looks miserably 01. Give her two glasses of port wine." "Thank you, doctor," said Hackbit. "That's something like. I shall be another man now." Overhearing the words, he supposed the wine was ordered for himself. Kfgaab had slipped from the room, but she was standing outside. " I have ordered yon to drink two glasses of port," said the brusque doctor. " No, no," said waving him away with her hand. " Not that, not that terrible stuff, after—after what we've seen. Order me laudanum, like him upstairs; a good dose, and end it all." And she burst into a passion of weeping. The doctor patted her head, as he might have done a child s with his rough, heavy hand, which could be gentle, it appeared. "You want rest" And be took her with him downstairs and administered the port wine there and then, and went away, nuitfaring that women were most extraordinary creatures. "Only think of that beast upstairs being cried about, and wanted to live. It seems the worse a man is the more they stick to him." As soon as be was gone, Keziah saw that a good table was spread for Mr. Saltring's use and comfort. Some boors later, when all was hushed in the sick room and Kewsh was lying on the couch in the dining-room alone, Bhe saw a figure standing outside, looking up to her window. She sprang up like a child who sees its mother after a long absence. She could not let him go away again without having one word of comfort from him. She did not hesitate a moment. She might have wavered if she had. She flew to Elwortby'e side. " Oh, Rupert," she said in a convulsive whisper. " He's maddened with the drink." Elworthy held her near him, and muttered something she did not catch. "You have got some doctor, Kizzy?" he said. " Did he tell you to give laudanum ? He must have it to get to sleep, or he will die.' " Oh, yes, Bupert," said Keziah, in a low voice, with some fear in it. " My poor darling," said Elworthy. What else could he say P " You must not remain here another moment; you are trembling." And he added with some vehemence, "If yon were ill, who should keep me away? Who is with him now? You've got a nurse, Kizzy?" And he thought with horror of the possibility of his darling having to listen to the ravings of that brute who called her wife. "Mr. Saltring came, and is with him tonight," she answered. "God bless and reward him for it," said Elworthy solemnly. " And now, good night." And he said lingeringly, " I shall come again to-morrow, and until this trouble is over. You may speak to me or not, as yoa need." He longed to kiss her, but did not do so. And Keziah found herself lamenting the fact, when she was once more in the darkened diningroom. Bat all this time Mr. Silas Bimpler bad been keeping a vigil, like the owl in a belfry, widest awake when others are sleeping; and had been in no small degree amused and gratified by the scene that was enacted under his window. CHAPTER XL.—Cheibtxab BOXES. The following morning, to the utter astonishment of everybody but Mr. Saltring, Mr. Hackbit presented a perfectly natural appearance—in fact, seemed quite welL He was not in good temper, however. Mr. Saltring could not help noticing that Keziah was not being well treated, and he felt that he could not leave the house without speaking of it. He had always been extremely fond of Keziah, and be and Hackbit had had former conversations upon the question of drink, which made it easy for him to speak. The conversation took placa while Hackbit was sitting up in bed, eating his breakfast, at eleven o'clock, for be had dent till then. " This is a bad job, Hackbit," Mr. Saltring began. " You were going to reform whenyoa married. This is the way you have dona it. Don't yoa think it too bad?" "Thafs all you know about it," retorted Hackbit, with a cunning expression. "You Slhm^^B^S^^Bg/Hs«S^*"" ceoKsity for being too particular." "What do you mean, Hackbit?" aaid Mr. Saltring vecy indignantly. "Are you aware what you are saying f Do yoa know that you are attacking one of the best and purest of women by your vile insmoation F" "Ha!" replied Hackbtt. "That kind of language ia all very well when you want to write poetry, and when you're in love. I now ive it as my opinion that there is no such king as an honest woman." Mr. Saltring stared. He could not for a moment reply. At length he said, "You are estimating othBB by yourself, Hackbit." And regretfully, "I used to think there was some good in you, but I dem t think it now. A man who can slander that angel wants kicking." " Look here," aaid Hackbit, stopping in the conveyance of a spoonful of egg to bis month, " just you stay bene to- night, and watch by this window, and . if you don't eee that Etfmontoa—^that^wprthy, I mean, hia iv name isn't Sacsktat. "One of «onK%iia OHmou," sail tring, defiantly. " Andif you thinkl shall " spy on voor wife,' yoa have mane a stake, - t ten trust her." •: \ '--"'• "Well,** «ud H»ektft.t''that,-lime* -will w. But if you don't bsliete s* "* ' -r rn r . i * TV on fltgaa tp tell me that' fsa's* hean at cm on to spy upon your wifef" " No, I don't.' It was be wi»"to3id < ine v fiiait' He lad aaea timm together, and »en him lurking about at night, when she hasn't dared to go out to him, I suppose." „ " I don't believe a word of .it," said Mr. Saltring, mopping his bald head; " and the aooner you get that slanderous villain out of the houee, the better. He must have a good opinion of yon, to tall you such a thing. I'll answer far it, nobody would speak to me of my wifeso. You are as bad as he is, Hackbit. We. can't so easily get rid of you, but you can get rid of him." " No, I cant," replied Hackbit, ehortiy. " Recuse you wuit to keep him as a spy, I t ^ S not fin that rather. I <*n do my spying myself. But he knows too mudi of my business to be sent away." "It mast be creditable business to make yoa afraid to send him away." man's boose is his oasQs. So take I won't have you in my house ano! on any pretence whatever. You seelcan yoa away, if I- don't send Simpler." And Hackbit tore violently at a bell itotoo ttoBf Jiim^' It came away m bis band, and dropped cpon the bed. Hackbit felt angry enongh to have done anything. Mr. Saltring smiled faintly, and said," If yoa were going to ring to have me shown out, yoa might spare yourself the trouble; I know the way." And he moved towards the door. " This bom a man," he thought, "whose life Z have saved." How much be wished he hiB tamper. This than was master of the house, and of Keziah; and now that he was forbidden the house, he could help tTmrfnTi in no way, whatever might happen. He went slowly from the room , followedbv a mocking laugh from the b«d. When he heard this and thought of the spirit that prompted it, bis heart failed him for the girl who must remain under the same roof; and he thought bitteriy, how far from human help a wife was, if her husband should ill treat her. He had been downstairs to breakfast, and Keziah had become almost cheerful with him at the table to wait upon. She had been so comforted in having him in the house. How should he tell her he was never to come again? He went to the nursery to look for her. She thought something was wrong, for he did not notice either of the children. he said, " come downstairs. I want to speak to you. Heaven knows when I Shall get the chance to do that again." She caught her breath quickly, and waited for him to explain. " Yes, Kizzy, I am not to come here any more," he said" " I have offended your husband.' She listened, and waited. She could not have spoken if worlds had depended on it. The >und seemed to be taken away piece by piece m under her feet, ' Mr. Saltring," she said at length, with tearlesseyee, "do me one great Irmfln^ It is great, 1 know, and my hsart will ache. But I reel now is the moment. I muit make the sasrifice. Who knows what tragedy is coming to this house? Dear Mr. Saltring," she Baid, clutching his hand in both here, while he looked away from her, " take Bertram home with yon. You offered to do it once, and I would not. I thought I was going to do so we'l for him. I hare not the power now. I feel he is not safe under this roof. My husband hates him. If everything mast go, why not sooner as well as later? He will cry for me a little, but he will forget booo. You will all be so good to him." Mr. Saltring had let her go on without replying. Then he turned his face full on her, and, holding her by both shoulders, said, " Get him ready." The smile that broke over the pale face would have been a reward for any man. She was turning away, when he called her back to remark," Shall I take both children Y" " No," she said, wistfujly, " Lenny is safe enough; be is his father's child." It was not long before the child wag brought; and he seemed very much elated at the thought of goinga"yide in a gee-gee." But to the astonishment, and even disgust of Wilson, who was ctying, and also of Mr.. Saltring and Keziah, the child insisted on saying gool-bye to." Bimpy," as he called him. Seme people think that, children and dogs can always mid out a bad man. We know from experience this is far from being the case. A man who is fond of children, and kind in his manner to them, will always win their regard, be be ever so bad in other respects. It was a fact that Mr. Bimpler, hearing the child from the office, which was next to the dining-room, came in, looking a good deal cat up at the thought of parting with him, and seemed really moved when the chad flang his arms about his neck. " Oh, yoa old hypocrite," said Wilson, under her breath. She was litre many others; to her Mr. Bimpler was a prodigy of evil; consequently, she could not believe in his possessing a single trait of goodness. Bat the hypocrite went into the office and positively shea a few tors when there was no one to see him. There had been a time in his life whenfioft arms had been thrown round his neck and Se had felt himself the happiest man alive. Bub now, long years had passed since he had felt tbfem. How these little arms reminded him of that time! At this moment, could he have chosen some definite path of right, he would have gone headlong into it. But he thought of no direct course. And a vague wish to do better rarely ends in much good. Keziah did not cry when she parted with her darling. She was filled by the thought that she was sending him to happiness and safety. She had made a great sacrifice, but she felt herself to be the gainer. A box of clothes was to be sent on, and nothing went with the child but one little box containing immediate necessaries. Mr. Hackbit having got out of bed, saw the trap drive off, and understood the case at once; and though inwardly glad, he decided to beoutwardly vexed. His ball-rope was off, he could not ring; so he slipped on some of his clothes as quickly 3 as he could, and went downstairs in a way that would hare startled anybody that saw him. He found Keziah and Wilson drying their eyes in the dining-room. _ This suggested a revenge that muse be effective. "So Keziah, you have thought fit to Bend Bertram away without consulting me. Now there is only one child, there is no need for Wilson;" this with an evil light in his eyes. "Yoa can occupy voureelf with attending to Leonard. Then perhaps you will get to care a little bit for your own child. You've a month's notice from to-day, Wilson.'' Wilson's red eyes flashed, and she flung out of the room. . , " Why do you do it. said Keziah. " Why do you send everybody away who is kind to me?" " To please myself," said her husband coldly. " You have wore to learn yet, Keziah- Do you think it safe to trifle with me r" "I do not trifle with you," returned Keziah steadily. " You lie," replied her husband. " Perhaps yoa would like me to send you away from the house, and give you an excuse to do what yoa want to do. Well, yoa shall not have your wisu. You dull stay here, and wait on me, and obey orders. Don't think it's because I'm so fond of yoa. Bat I've a right over you, and treat me like a slave,** said Keziah. " You shell know more of what that means," aaid her lord, and left her. iff. Bimpler bad beard this conversation, as anybody might have done who had been in the office at the time. And when Hackbit, having left his wife, joined him, he was moved to say. having just had better feelings. «You've been too haril an Mrs. Hackbit. In spite of all we've seen I don't believe any barm has been done: and I don't believe Mis. Hackbit would ever do any harm. Sbe has done no worse than apeak to him. Thafs my anabm^aad I fomw the wadd.'* "Oh, voa an clever, we knowthat,'*retorted u7. u XT ri.. —.1. b. £« .Mil Yoa«rtttomatdito the fire and sow —-r it u bes K.« grown ^mvr,»« as big hfir as m a m house* yoa voa expect a bucket of water to put it out. The game doesn't p*y. Do you want her youraelf, that you bepn to defend her ? Go and ask her to away with you; die would if yon ask "No, dm wouldn't," aaid Bimpler coolly; " and I would never ask her." "Oh,you are both wigrii bom heaven, I know," sneered Hackbit. " But about the YouH hav» to be mora oantious. If you rain people wholesale, we shall get into the papers. You sold up an awful number of families last month; and in one neighbonAood, •. too. They'll get talldng together, and then it'll get into the pasersraad they'll find out who it is that's the real moneyleader, and then it wiU be ruination." " It woold'nt he yon rained; ttwoaldbeMr. Bimmon," eeid Simpler. . • "And isn't that -me?*' retorted Hackbit, snappishly. " Don't I mean to have Iris money sometime? He may make it a good deal mm ifhekeefw dark a«ewyeam toiigec.*' "Jf .yoa BO «n .drinjfemp. as ^you have been lately, you'll die first. Yo»'ve drunk r«iw iai^de^Hiatre^ru about astooh asany man 1 eee Mr. Hackbit #>off to "Binwo&fii;^irthat eay. esw^"«b* doet6r, '*ifeo sald that *>piam bad often, dime ^as mocb in «ues »{ ddirimi Mr. mckl^lhadicamdy left'the hoose,when K<rT«h put on. her things and went up to her mother's. She was not away long; bat Mr. Bimpler noted the time when she left, juid the time of her return, in a mechanical sort of way. When he heard hear come into the next room, after she had returned, he opened the door of communication, and addressed her in a way he meant to be kind, but he received a chilling rebuff. , « Oh, very well, my fine lady," eaidEMr. Bimpler. ''The day may not be far distant when yoa wOl regret not having taken Silas Bimpler for a friend." ** You havent it in yoa to be a friend to anybody," retorted Keziah, and quitted the ft was cn aocount ot this rebuff that Mr. Bimpler, onHackbit'* return, reported Keziah's having bwnont- nndaddeda little to it on his Consojueutly, when Hackbit and found lug wife with her on the pillow, he ordered her to "" her to pc and sleeu in the spare a bewildered dream, and crept i carrying eomeof her clothfb luHVian& feeling that when Wilson was ("dneAetroula indeed be at fbe mercy of two vfllaint. Them was no bed prepared in the spare room. The bed that belonged to it was Mt under another when out of use. Bnt what did it matter? She laid herself wearily upon the mattress, and covered herself with the clothes she had brought and la awak all following morning Keziah dressed herself and went down early. Hackbit appeared at the usual hoar.' Kwiiili glanced at nim as he entered the breakfast-room. Hie knew it, though he did not look at her. Hebad his dressing-gown on, and be seated himself at his end of tEe breakfast-table, and took up the newspaper which lay folded on his plate. The servant brought in the coffee. commenoed to pour it out. She passed her husband his cop. He put down bis paper and helped himself to a chop, but did not offer any such attention to Keziah. She did not want anything, but a certain pride in her would not give in, and allow him to think she bad no appetite. Besides, Mr. Bimpler would be in directly, and she did not mean turn tome her with an empty plate before her. So she walked to her husband's end of the table, and helped herself under his very nose. . She came into such close quarters that Hackbit felt obliged to speak to her, though not by "FhoSeyxra haro'spent a goodnight,'* he said, satirically, " and that you feel refreshed and all that sort of thing." "I thank voa," slid Keziah, with mode politeness. The question is rather unnecessary, seeing that it was passed away from you^ Yes, Idejgt very well, thank you—much Mr. Bimpler here made his appearance, rubbing his hands together, which were red with cold. He looked at Hackbit first, then at : and after a cart good morning—they never shook hands—he remarked, as if taken unawares," I think Mrs. Hackbit lookBinneed of a doctor." " Not at all,'' remarked her husband, " she has just been saying how well die is." Keziah wo aid perhaps have replied herself, bat die was seized with a fit of coughing. " Pretty well done," observed her husband, " seeing yoa are not on the stage." Keziah began to eat her breakfast in a kind of desperation, but the effort to swallow seemed great. Bimpler furtively watched her. Hackbit tried not to doiso, but failed. "Oh," he said, getting up from the table at last.' - " I can't ait at the table to aee yoa swal- lowing your breakfast like a dog does dumplings." " Then go away if yoa dqn't want to see me,* said Keziah. All this could not go on without some comments being made in the kitchen. Both the cook and the gardener had agreed that Wilson had been ill-treated by Hackbit in having received notice, and had commiserated her. Thus it happened that the elderly female began to nave a better opinion of the other domestic*. This morning on entering the' kitchen die dosed tlie door, and said to the cook: Do you know where the missis slept last night?" " No," answered the cook. " She slept in the spare room, with no bed and no covering." " What a shame!'' cried the cook and Boberts, the gardener, simultaneously. " I dread going," said Wilson. " Who will there be to look after the missis when I'm gone? And die's not fit to look after Leonard." " He ia a brute," said Boberts, " as ever lived; and it's much to me if Bimpler doesn't get a match for him before he's done, and serve him right too." " Well," said the cook, " if you do go, I shall look after the baby. I shan't let her. It's a sin and a shame; and he's as rich as a Jew, I do believe." " I shall write to Mrs. Towers and tell her all about it to-day," said Wilson, following her own thoughts rattier than answering. " And I shall let Mr. David Bimmon know, too. It's no use telling her father. He won't hear anytiling against Mr. Hackbit" " Ana When you've told them," said Boberts, " what can they do r" " They might get a separation." "Them articles aren't so easy got as you seem to think," said Roberts. "'You've never tried to get one, mayhap." "Of course not," said Wilson; how shculd I ? But what's that got to do with it ?" " Well, a good deal," replied the gardener. CHAPTER XXI.— Comfobt fbosi Oteees* Woes. While Wilson was writing to Mrs. Towers and to David Bimmon, another letter was being written to David that might bring him to Jumley. The writer was Joshua Bimmon. This is what Joshua wrote:— "My Deae Brother,—This is the season when there ought to be goodwill towards men in all our hearts. Ever since my marriage I have gathered my kinefolk about me on New dear's Eve. Why break this sacred chain? [Mr. Rimmon liked this phrase, and felt himself waxing eloquent.] 1 would not rob you of my boy whom you have adopted, and who, I trust, may prove a blessing and a comfort to you in your declining years. Yet would I not have him a stranger to his father's house, an alien and an outcast. Therefore I pray you bring him and join my simple board for the New Year's Eve, and believe me, " Your forgiving brother, " Joshua Bimmon. When David received this he became greatly excited. He read it before Wilson's, which lay on the table. Jubal was reading a sporting paper he took in, and expressed but little interest in a letter from his father. _ David handed it to him when he had read it three times. "Dear me," broke forth Jubal, naving perused it with elevated eyebrows; " a masterpiece of rhetoric and hypocrisy'." "I should hardly say that," said David mildly. " The command that we shall not judge, that «~e be not judged, means that we are not to put people down as meaning wrong whsn we don't understand their actions." "I find no difficulty at all in understanding," returned Jubal," tenderly touching his wavy hair and looking at it in a mirror opposite. " He thinks people in Jumley will talk if be doesn't have anybody for New Year's Eva, and there's nobody to come but Dorcas and ff«gj»l< and us, and my most respected brotherin-law, who will probably refuse to dance attendance on that occasion." "Of' course I cannot control you," said David mildly; "but for myself, I cannot pray, * Forxive me my sins as I forgive those who sin against me,' and refuse at the same tune to forgive my brother." has never asked you to forgive ram,* aaid Jubal, a cynical smile breaking over his falsa. ' WeO, no,** replied. David, coldoring a little. " Now I thmk of it, he hasn't. Sill, bis ways aren't like oars: be never was like other people ; and I think he means it all right. But I that it's no part of my work to sift and sift, and find out if he means all he says. That's the work of a higher than me. But it is for Jie to forgive seventy times seven, and to live peaceably with aU men, so far as it in me Jies; and I shall gs to Jumley. " You're sot a bit of a man, uncle," said Jubal superiorly, " or yoa wouldn't be taken in as yoa are." " Pm afraid I am cowardly; it has always been my fault,*' Said David simply. " But I don't think I mean to be cowardly in this.' And be took up the other letter and looked at tbe address. \- "Idon't know this writing," he observed. "I wonder who ftSt." Why don't you open it and eee?" said Jubal ft**"^ rudely. Bis uncle sflentlyopened the letter. "Qh,^ubftl,Mie mod, with a Mnd of cry. ' <• What's the matter with bier?" Jubal asked nthariadiffenenlty. - -- her nursemaid, Wilson; she "if frightfully illtreatirig her. ) shouldn't'have married him. r 1; let her lie on it." , - ^ /•„ Nuder how you can talk so," raid David, laac^yagprosc&inguiger; as hehad everused^to JubaL "One would think yon had' a» .affection at all for her, your own " She shouldn't have played the fool, all right with her before."- " Jubal," said his uncle, depreciatingly, " is this the time to reproach her with a false step?" '* rm not going to reproach her. Ishsllnot go near her. Bat I'm not sure I won't go home, if it's only to see the mother. She was always decent enough." "I think it is your duty to go home, now your fate calls you. And I think it is your duty equally to be kind to your sister, who has certainly always been good to you, and who is sorely in need of a kind friend just now. Yoa could be mate to her than anybody else, if yon liked. Yoa ought to go, Jubal." "Ought stands for nothing. If I go home, I don't toink I shall open my lips to my father. I shall certainly not go near Keziah." " Well, well," aaid David Bimmon. " I do wish I had somebody to advise me." And it passed through his mind how good an adviser Maud Towers would have been, had he been free to go to her. But he was not. At the same hour Maud was equally perplexed with David, and the same subject was before her notice. She did not take long to consider her action. She wrote to Kwaafi -— "My Dkab, Drab —I have beard to-da", with a pun that showB me how dear you are to me, of the sea of trouble which surrounds yon and to overwhelm yon. One sad consolation I have to offer, and you will, I fear, say this is none. For in suffering for each other, we do not increase each other's load. Yoa are not alone. If yoa are overwhelmed, bo am I. How came we both to make such mistakes? Our lots, though different, axe strangely alike, except in one thing. You Iftftlr^ fT w'" 1 life with ynnr reman ; I looked for bliss. Yon have missed the calm and found turn"'*. I have missed supreme hanpineea, and found supreme misery. Perhaps this does not sound like sympathy; yet as I write my heart bleeds for you. I find myself always sighing for the days when you and I had quarrelled at my fireside, and were so happy, and did not know it. None know what happiness is bat those who have lost it for ever. We are both of us so young, Kizzy, it does seem hard that we should iuld look look with longing eyes to the tune when death shall idesse us from our many sorrows. I can only think of that; and yet, it is not happiness in another life that I look for, only rest from this torment; for howcan I expect the love that has died upon earth, and left my living love to its corpse, to rekindle in another world ? It will not happen. Eternal love that men talk about does not exist. What cause have I ever given that he should torn from me ? Hie never spends a moment in my \ company be can help. We have no business connection now, even. For I have ordered all the rents to be paid into his hands long ago, and I take just what he doles oat to me. I often walk in the cemetery you and I looked at together one day. You remember we said we would not go there again; it made as Bad. Now, it comforts me just a little, for Hook at the white stones and the fresh grassy mounds audi think, ' This is a home where I may rest some day—sooner, perhaps, than I dare hope.' I felt a bit hurt at first when I heard that Bertram had gone to Mr. Saltring's. I would have been so glad of him; but you know best. _lt will surprise yoa to hear that I never paint anything now, and I never touch the piano. Yoa may ask, ' How do I employ my time, then?' I don't think I know. I can't think of anything just now that I am in the habit of doing. I hope yoa have not thought it unkind of me not to have written to yoa before ; but I had no good news to send, and I did not wish to sadden you. I could not write to you and pretend all was right, when it was so far, far from being the case. But now nothing I can send yoa could make yoa more miserable than my silence. I feel very thankful to Wilson for having written; please tell her so from me. " Lionel is in a dreadful way about me. He can't help seeing how things are, though I have told nothing. You know, I suppose, that Gerald is with Dr. Elworthy. They get on together very well; but Gerald never comes here. He must have seen and understood in his one visit. " Tom went in for his examination again, and got plucked. When he came and told me, he said I need net fear: he would fulfil the condition that I had made for him on marrying him. To think of my being interpreted in that way, Kizzy! You know it was for him, _ and him alone, I wanted him to get his qualification. What could it matter to me? What can anything matter to me now, since he does not love me, and never, never wDl again ? If i I had said anything like that to you in the old days when we were together, you would have shaken that small head of yours, and made me some saucy answer. I wonder if yoa ever makesaucf anaweis now to anyone? 1 cannot bear to imagine you as always grave: it seems so unnatural. Bat perhaps it is as difficult for vou to imagine me wandering about in an aimless way, existing from day to day, not living, not caring a bit what I put on. nor how I look. But 1 do know that nothing I put on, nothing I could put on, could make me look pretty, as you used to think me. I have grown very thin, thu and my eyes always look heavy and dull; ; it must be sleeping so little and crying much, I suppose. But enough of this. Yon used to say I was unreasonable. If I could only have you again all to myself, I don't tbi'ik I should be so unreasonable. Trouble makes such changes in one. Tom is changed: hie hcir is turning quite grey. And now, dearest Kizzy, let us be aU in ail to each other, though it be only in thought and at a distance. " Your faithful friend, Mato." When Keziah received this letter she had brief moment of rest from her own sorrows in thinking of her friend's. "Ah," she thought, "however bitter my lot is, Maud's is worse; I am only separated from the man I love, and am ill-treated by the raau who is rcy husbaiid: but Maud has lest the love of the man she still loves and who once loved her. Yes. that is worse. " She could picture it. She bad only to think what it would be like to have married Eupert and then to have lost his lore. CHAPTEE XLII.—Me. Hncnox Loses Moke Thax His Tempee. Keziah diii uot answer Maud's letter at once, for she had other matters iu hind. She had promised to go in and help her mother in preparing for the New Year's Eve festivities winch were to come off as usual. Mr. Hackbit had been persuaded by his father- in-law to join the partv, just to keep up appearances. Whether he would actually dc so or not was still a question. He was not drinking so much; he hiui bad a fright. How long this would last was doubtful. He made no objection to Keziah's going in to assist her mother, telling h«r politely that her room was better than her company. Keziah'e spirit rose against this insult, and she determined to fight hard to look as if all were right, and not give him the pleasure of "cowing her. She eu : ered her father's house by the back way, and went into the kitchen. There was Mrs. Eimmcn in a large apron, tying the pnddii gs up, ready to put into a pot that was boiling on the fire. "Thisgrate's worse than ever this year," Mrs. Bimmon began, " and now the boiler's cracked, »nd we can get no hot water. Just as if there wasn't worry enough, without that. And I'm sure I don't thiuk any of the fuss as is made is worth while. Who wants to come here?" "Never mind, mother, 7 ' returned Kprfsh. It is not worth making a bother about; yon should get hardened. Give people their deserts. If the dinner gets spoiled, don't you trouble your head about it. It's no good people worry turning np her sleeves, in readiness to be of use. "What shall I do first, mother r" she asked. " Well, Kizzy,*' said her mother, " If you'd jutt make a bit of psste for a mince pas for your father's dinner—hell expect one." " And is nobody elas to have one?" broke In Keziah. sharply. "Not to-dav," said Mrs. Bimmon. "You aee, we shall all get some on New Year's Eve." " AH right," rejoined Keziah. "If no one else ia to have any, be sban't have any either." if yoa won't make it for him, I moat," aaid Mrs- Bimmon, resignedly. " Don't be so stupid, mother. Tell Grumps you asked me to do it and I wouldn't." "Oh, Kizzy," eaidMrs. Bimmon, beginning to cry "There is always a plenty of wasps flying about, without stirring np "a wasp's nest." «Indeed," retorted Keziah, amused. " And if the wasps* nests are left alone, the more wasps will be flying about." " Well, thoEv as «tir them up are sore to get stung,'' said Mrs. Bimmon. "Well, what does it matter," said Keziah, "if they don't ask other people to bear the smart for them?" "I have heard of people being stung to death," returned Mrs. Eimmon, who had «rot deepTn the metaphor, and rather astonished herself. " I am one of the people that would rather be stnng to death at once than be pestered by oocasiflSirfJWinwtor^ears, and yasiaJ"- > - ~ - •' Thexsanm move in this than Mrs. Bimmon could see, for die, in common with other* of the -[ hMTny race, was thinking of Iier own situation . m^re tbsn of fcer daughter's. . When half-past one came, Mr. arrived, and demanded his ft'-mr. A. cloth was laid for him on Urn end of the - room table, and farther than this he could see no preparation, so became into the kitchen to view the land. He caught sight of his daughter. It >mi been to him some satisfaction that TTawi^,. was caged; bnt be had never lost his fear of her. So when he saw her there, he did not break forth as be would otherwise have done. "What do yoa want?" asked shaiply. " Well, my dinner," replied her father. " Well, the quieter yoa keep about it, the sooner you'll get it." What was the use of his remaining in the kitchen ? None at alL He want hack to the drawingroom, and took up a volnxneof Wesley's sermons and scanned it morosely. Hebad not to wait long. Kwiifl-. with her own hands brought a tray in, aid to Mr. Simmon's infinite astonishment, die placed knife and fork a plate with ft few s&ss; «f cold meat upon it. " What's this, Kizzy r" he said, errng the plate from where he sat, with much mafavour. It's your dinner," said Keziah,' " and the sooner you eat it tine better." Mr. Bimmon seated himself at the table, but did not begin to eat the meat. He was th&king; that he would make his dinner off the mince-pie that was to follow. He waited a, long time, bat nobody came. He rang the befi. Sarah answered it. " Take this away," he said, pointing at the plate, " and bring the minoe-pie in.'' "There's no mince-pie," said Sarah, half afraid. " No mince-pie said Mr. Bimmon, with & stop after each syllable. On hAi»T"»ff this, Mr. Bimmon got up from the table with the intention of going without any dinner. There was an iron safe in the wall of the room, and he unlocked it, intending to get some papers out. He pat the door hurriedly to as ne heard some one come in. He thought it was Kernh, and resolved not to tpeak to her. But it was his sister Dorcas. Her brother looked at her, and wondered what on earth had brought her there. Her face was beaming. " What do you think, Joshua r" she said. I don't know," aaid Joshua, very indifferently. That wretch Brougham Banner's son has teaa. drowned; one of the twins, yoa know.'* rted her news, she wjnted. As her brother did not speak, she said: _ - Are you not going to say anything, en," he answered. " Go about your business." Oh, indeed," said ICn Dorcas, swaying her up and downy " I must go about my business, must I r And ie it any part of your business to send me about my business? Answer me that." *' I tell yoa I don't want to be bothered with you," said Joshua irritably. " Oh, and you're ready to use me,'' said his aster, " and also abuse me, so it seems. But let me tell you one thing, there's a dog cn your track. Ha !" she said, " I thought you d show some interest at that piece of news. Only last nioht. sir, I heard a man call yoa a whited sepulchre.,* ilie scriptural phrase stabbed j oshua deeply. " Was it a Jumley man r" " Thafs my business, and FI1 mind it." " What do you want to be such a fool for" said her brother. " If anybody taid such a thing, I ought to know who it is. Would yoa let the ground be taken from under my feet, and never give me warning r" " Measure for measure," said Miss Donai. " The measure yoa mete shall be measured to yoa again.** " Well," laid her blether, with a grim smOe, my ruin would be your ruin, thsnk Heaven." " Ho. ho," laughed Dorcas. " When & house falls there's always somebody on the look-oat to carry the treasure away. What if the one who carries the treasure away should marry ine V All the anxiety died out of Mr. Bimmon's face on hearing this. " A mare's nest," he said. " I know whom yon mean." And he laughed satirically, locked np his iron safe, and was leaving (he room when the key dropped from his pocket on to the cushioned chair, and he did not hear it. He went back to his laughing to himBelf. No sooner had he gone right away from the house than Dorcas gleefully seized the key. Ob, Silas, my dearest," She cried, " my time has come at last." And she opened the safe, having previously locked the door just as Joshua Bimmon had done in the hour when he bet raved Bupert Edmonton. Somehow the words she had just used to her brother came into her mind, sbe did not know why: " The measure ye mete shall be measured unto yoa again." Had sbe known all about the treacherous deed her brother had been guilty of, the words would have been ominous enough. But die did not. Having taken a certain bundle of papers oat of the safe, she placed the key on the leather chair, where it.had fallen. So it happened that when Jodiua came home and his eyes fell upon the key, a cold sweat broke out upon him ; and a great feeling of gratitude came into his heart, he hardly knewto what or whom, to fate most probably, that be and no other bad found the tey. Xt never occurred to iiim ia any form that it might have been found and used. That night Dorcas Binunon waited in "the*o > shadow of a ruined engine house in the Old Park. A keen wind was blowing, and she stared as far as she could along the dark path that led between worked-out mines towards her brother's house. But, wearied by the intense darkness, she turned her eyes away to rest upon the dim lights of the town and the glare of the furnaces. A figure of a man was approaching between her end one of the lights. Could it be Silas, coming another way r He might have been somewhere for Thomas, and so have been unable lo ke°pbis appointment. The man was passing her. " Perhaps he can't see me," thought Dorcas. She stepped out a little. "Silas." she said in a sharp whisper. The man tcrne!3 cpon her and scanned her, " What are vou prowling about for?" said a huskv voice. " . . " That is the expression you nse in this country ? Oh Ciel, what a country it is." Dorcas retreated into the shadow. En* she was not so easily quit of the stranger, who followed her. r And was it for me yen. were waiting r" he said, in a charming manner. " I look you for a pit-bank worker, as they call them in this heathenish land. But I see you are respect- - able. These pit-bank workers, they will give ycu a kifs, bnt they do smell of the coal. But vou smell sweetly of the lavender-water. It is a shame you should wait here in solitude. I will bear you company." " Aie you a stranger to these parts ?» asked Miss Dorcas, hoping this Stranger would stay until Silas Bimpler came op, to excite his jea- lonsv and so increase 1 his ardoi •'"Yes, I am a stranger to these parts," replied the gentleman. " But I will know the neighbourhood better if vou permit me." "Oh*" thought Dorcas, delighted, "he thinks the neighbourhood belongs to me '" She wondered what this stranger was like, it being too dark to distinguish his features. " Are you intending to stay here," asked Dorcas sweetly, for any time r" " I stay," "replied the stranger, " wherever soft arms detain* me. But at present it is at Wolveibampton I am, amusing the public, Which is not very elevated, it does appear to me." "May I ask where are voa going now r " I was going upto a Mr. Hackbeefs, on a little matter of business." " Oh, be is my nephew.*' " Your what r Oh Ciel! Then yon were the vounsest of the family, is it not. come to brighten wie old age of your esteemed ma mm a and papa?** "No, I am not the youngest," replied Dorcas. The ardour of the gentleman seemed to go down caawdarabiy, and he bbdehera coo! goodnight. . MM he wac not taking paiticolar . notice of his ^ armsof Silas Bimpter, who was i the opposite direction. * „ ^ " What the devil are yon about ?" jerked, out Mr. Bimpler, catching his breath and staggering. (to be costisuedj. 