MIGNON. CHAPTER I.—(Continued.) , It was only during the past year that tfignon bad mad© ber dibut upon the operatio stage, to create a perfect furore. Tjje pleasant experienced of drawing a large salary was still quite new to ber. Madame Zolma had arranged for her to reside, while in London, with a French gentlemanand bis wife, wbo rented a ratty maisonette^ in Mayfair, since, in S er opinion, Mignon was much too voung to Btart a separate establishment. 'Madame Lemon had promised to frfiaperon the girl, to exercise a kindof ' maternal supervision over ber, wbicb would require infinite tact, if it were to have any effect, Mignon being both, wilful and capricious, fond of having her own way and frequently getting it. Monsieur, end madame, wbo had been present at the opera and accompanied her home, congratulated Mignon warmly on the fresh laurels just gained. « Go on as you have begun, ma file," eaidthe former, approvingly, "and a magnificent career will open out before yon." «I hope the critics will endorse your favourable opinion, papa," slw replied, with a smile, using the familiar appellation she had from the first bestowed upon the pleasant little Frenchman. "I am dying,to know what they think of my Desdemona!" Two letters addressed to her attracted Mignon's attention aB she entered the room in which a dainty little Bupper was set out. They' both bore the Dymsford post-mark, and the clear, bold writing on one envelope was that of Will Fountain. Mignon slipped both letters into her pocket unread, and the trio sat down to supper. Not until she had reached her own room and her maid had been dismissed for the night did she attempt to open them. Seated in front of the mirror, robed in a pale green dressing-gown cascaded with lace, her golden hair falling loosely over her shoulders, Mignon Ferrars read first the letter from her adopted father, with whom she maintained a Tegular correspondence, then that written by Will Fountain. Some dried flowers dropped out from between Will's closely-written pages. Their scent recalled to her memory the old rambling garden in which they had spoilt so many delightful hours. She read his letter through carefully, then pushed it from her with a little, halfimpatient sigh. It was but seldom she heard from Will. She had never consented to a regular correspondence between them, and ber replies to his letters were often made hurried scrawls, dashed off at long intervals. Yet, when they came, Will's epistles were full of local news and allusions to her own career. Of himself and his affairs be eaid but little, neither did he often refer to that conditional promise of marriage exacted from her before leaving Dymsford. A strong, deep under-current of love ran through these letters, without finding any especial vent in impassioned terms. Mignon's conscience was troubling her a little to-night. That promise, half-forgotten in the rush and hurry of recent events and the many distractions of her life, rose up like an accusing ghost from the past to confront her. She could not. banish it. " I wish he had not written," she remarked, pettishly, to herself. "He cannot expect me to keep a promise made when I w&s; a mere child, without any knowledge of the world. It is tiice this boy and girl nonsense was ended. We have drifted as far as the poles apart. Poor, dear Will! I dare say he is the same good, simple, unsophisticated fellow as of old. He has remained stationary, while I have become accustomed to a mode of life which he could never share. And he must be taught to realise this; he must learn that there is some one else. And yet I hate the idea of giving bim pain. I like to think of him as my property, although I can never be his. 1 shall put off the evil day of explanation a little longer, and send him a nice long letter. If he could see me now I wonder what he would think of me ?" Leaning forward, Mignon gazed intently at her reflection in the glass—at the lovely piquant face, framed in' masses of golden hair, the clear, limpid, hazel eyes, the delicate nostril, the bloom and moisture of the curved lips, round which hovered an expression at once soft and arch, the dark curve of the pencilled brows—then shook her head. " You are a worldly, frivolous -creature," she said, severely, addressing this reflection, " unworthy of a dear, good fellow like Will Fountain. On that account you will have to give bim up, not because you are desirous of becoming a baronet's wife, and taking your place in society. Sir Guy is sure to call to-morrow morning; I saw bim in his box at the opera to- night. He would have joined us, no doubt, if that dragon of propriety, Mamma Lemon had not carried me off so quickly. Lady Davenant! It sounds well: and yet, if I could but solve the, mystery that enshrouds my birth, I might enjoy a more exalted title in my own right." Advancing years had but strengthened Migaon in the firm belief that her parentage, if traced* would place ber among die aristocracy of this favoured country—that her mother had contracted a secret marriage with a nobleman, the tardy announcement of. which must materially affect her own life. She spent long hours in dreaming over the possible denouement in store, and the first interview between herself and her titled relatives. , (To be continued ) ME. LABOUR'S LABOUR HOKE.—At the lut iLeeting of the committee of the Labour Home, recently established by the Be v. J. D. I«ngley at Harris-fetreet, Ultimo, Sydney, it was reported that doting the put week the number of me&ls; provided amounted to'590 ; beds provided, 189; employment found for € ; remaining in the J3pme,32. There can be no question that the institution is already doing a good work, aud it tleserrea all the support -the •kindly-disposed may aooord It. 