I (fwm A SUMSGE MASK. I Bl I 1-ltAXK BABEETT, I .,fi« of u Tilt i.4miraHeIfly Biddy I etc., etc- M CBU'IER (CflKmttngD). .,::f I r mss vspiwsear. SECBET. ' ' I .. 1 teU jw i«otly.T iStittoaed, " tht il I TuuJoJn« me "P y.tP'??? IjaeB- ttilyro I T an4'ti«3"ouan'1 Sylwutier <ni! I Jr'tooeMtoatop my moatti with fifty tiiou- -J and more besides to eetcUSrt- I nOta beek into Itoly-' I Wril thought I, honesty is the beet policy -all I Ai«eiioTer. X never knew any good got by I' Jie, sor anr good lost by a truth, and X'fi stick I O a? principle at all hazards I «iv. Levtrange/'saidX, 'mymind ii made I hp— there must be no reservation. Xmuethave I Se whole truth respecting this affair or wash I j-toBdfofitsofefiy" I Be looked at me searching ly. 41 \ou mean I wUtToa »y " he. I EnpheticaBy. X have named my condition, I tfdwillehidcby it" I "V«y wdV oaid he Youwill hurtDr I viib tor hsd not, but thatis not my affair. X I tew the best in my power to I rroid exulsnatioit, in kmdnees to tfto Syl I xtt la. whom I admire and sympathise with I teaitlT, though .sot to the aacnfice of my I otfu Sow then, ask what you will, I and 1 Will answer without reserve or .tosite- I tto" I Being m tbu manner brourfrt face to face I «dh the crisis of my own seeking, X frit any- I Aire but- comfortable— the irnit'a widnnt sin-- I tftito at this pointehaking my faith in thewis- I BoftbeoourseX pursued. However, there was I sowifOBtof itnow. I First of all," said X, getting my thoughts I iito tome sort of categorical order, 44 whatU the I eld it"1 afraid of ?" I -« Of himself, chiefly. In a reasonable state I mini he is aware that his nem-aslrell it, I egiriogwsy; that there are times when he is I oot BSffcr of his own artions, and that in those times he is likriy to pouzoutall that lies johieco&sdieaoato; tto&nt; pe««on he meets— I rftothewpty He waa seized with one of | these stacks, which he calls remorse, and! I ttrmiosaofDerve, yesterday, and you saw how I jbidtostophim. He is table to fitem at any | noseu: a poo the slightest provocation. You- I produced the attack by a casual suggestion of I the pa«t. . Bui the moat dangerous I finef srest mgh£ when he rinks initOa atatoof ! oomeicbolism andwotUdah out ..oftbe-room if 1 did sot keep the door .frtstetad aoitte" key: aodermr pillow. His urisa would alarm the' vfcoie neighbourhood if I flrere not sharp to - flrste hiiu up. and get him into bed, and quiet j tich 1 never steep out 01 sua room. Yon can seders rand, therefore, how X wish to be quit of «ch a service." You spoke enigmatically of his destroying | timrif/'Isaid. | Its clear e&ough.; H-e would desfeoy him- #df, if I let him. try betraying a aecret that nofid bring him to tbegallava," " ImpossibK" I samed. "Traeeaough. If he escaped- hanging, it «rm3d be by a Hccewfal pleading of in- stuity. But that could hardly be maintained jo the face of the facte, and would certainly xgrer clear him in the-estimatien-of .any reason, ride man.'' " fiat irbat crime has he committed — when vfcete V1 When ?— Fifty years ago. Where ?— In tat very house where to is now lying. What rime r — Tbe murder of his ftiead, Lord Bed hfidl!" ! Kzik hack in my chair speechtas. " 1 Li»ve heard the details of that crime over and over again from bis . lips." Leetrauge con tend. He was a widower.' Friend of Lord firihniiE. IVii ia. love with Bedlands's wife. Bribtods, in difficulties, botrovred money of tax aud gave him the receipt. Inttomrihtto' rifed his friend with a pillow and 55etheJ nreer he had brought <h>wn. ft npniaT that highwaymen had done it To chow his ova honesty, he -tore up . thew rocript be had received from Tt«dla Redlands'a widow, still in difficulties, sells the Court and hah the estate. Sylvester buys it, sod then offers the tiUe deeds to ' the widow if she will many bto, sh> refuses, respecting him, probably. He, to avoid inquiry, anl forget his disappointment, goes abroad. From the very first he to have pur- cued by remo rse, for he lived in utter seclusion, = and tod hoc the courage to look on his own soil Bat hie secret was his oirnuntil a coupUT of years hack, when to perceived fitet lie 'might' at aoy moment betray -himself under, the pres- fime of remorse. Then.he engaged me to. watch him eight and day, -promising any rew&iti; X Efcedto demand. X all -. a he agreed, making tbe will I hare told yon shoot. For two years this has goue on. I have- stuck to his side like a shado w, and if ever man dswrred reward, X do flight and day, and dfiy and night, I have to watch him. I'm jriiicg tired of it, I caxumt answer Jw my own reason under a prolonged cms of this awful kind For it is avlal. Besides that X have to occupy bis aiad : I have found the greatest in ' piaperiog his vanity. In Italy to ia regarded « 1 millionaire, sad the baser lc?vd of aristo- o» receive and fiatterhim. He thinks he is wyaod pleaang; you see his fatuity. Well, as 1 say. I can stand itvno longer, and ether 1 mot; leave him to gois own way to tie fate that has been standing .before him tftv years, or — 1 must have fifty thousand jxxm6a to get him back-to Italy and keep myself a bit comfortable. Xow, Mr. Kmn«»| itifi for -you to deride which course I am to tike.'' CHAPTER XXL a. rats PExxowe 1 eaodidty c-onfee I was completely stag -geed by the revelation of this "«, £ did sot fcoow flriiat to do— that's the fact ; and, as hetaA prognosticated, I heartily wished thai! tad not Tomprilod him to make the disriofmre. tibwig guided by the axiom that "honesty is the beet policy," I might have trusted tc tn other, ' where ignorance is bliss,. 'tis folly to tewta." with ooogidiaUe'fidnttflge. ."Whilst «we refieetions wree passing throu&hmv; mfpj I sat silent enough "Well, Hr. Leetra≥,' said I, at length, ou cannot expect me to do anything in »?« matter without mature consdexafron." " I can't give you long," he replied. 41 De- jay ie dangerous. eepemaHy in a case of this froo. The associations make thattonse unfit v et0P "L If any acridant tanxld happen to xne it would heeilupwifh tua, and ae. too, so far aa myfoztone is con- The servants are inqnisitim ; one never knows what may take-place. Supposing fins anair should be blows, and file daman were convicted, the Jtedlands family might contest ta ctiLm to an estate ttat he got through a « yuu may say. rvo snamng tod— u 1 can't give you a long — a couple of toys or so, not -more. I shan't be easvuntil I get him out of the country If yon cannot <le d««sfcari\ I must try eome other means." 44 You shall have my answer the day after to- ttMTow," said I ; 44 in tb mfimtirnf yr11 will, ijf Mnree, Bay nothing to anybody of wbnt has between ne V- ''I'm not a fool," said lie, with akoowing "and X don't you can accuse me' ci being a rogue, either. I have acted straight- forward with you, and as frilly as anym&n;, ith a due regard to his own interest might. Good-day." For a long while after his. departure 1 eat turning the thing over in my mind, looking at ; r- on this side andthat with the hope of seeing ay Wsy oatof tbe difficulty, yet for the life of ae I laaew not what to do. One I oer- could not <lo .; X could not tell poor little Jffiribn that her was— the worstof ouniiLAit I could not even bring mjBrif to cril by the name with which the world would toad him if all were known) X felt sure it ould go near to break her heart, and I was aurally certain that with this stain on her tonUy she wonld never consent to bo the wife f young Redlands. Thftcortftadepat me on train of thought, and I Asked myself if I bt, in common bonesty, to let widlands tony iter in ignorance of : tins family dis grace r - - . Ibe answer to that was eo dearly "Ho!" tot I sent round at once to my gig, clapped uty hat, and drove off to find Bedlands, and let his know the state of Affairs. . 4 knew where to find mydord, and instead <of down the breakneespafh to the Gap,' X )t on to the point where fife new <mt turned Bcdrift The road vrastracedoutfiie growth of fa sad "bramble -had been ofrrad away, making it already -practicaWpfipr gig, cod dozens -of men ware bard at it pick Efisd rttTigh ® in the Combe. It Sid coe KooH'po see note signs of on this vluehtio loot but the ueher-e had tcsvereed for Tears aid years, sad to dbserfe the AeerfoliooS-ieiU tod in deepondent idleness for want uf midc, >nov lent himsnlf to Inlrfmr ' X was Jmosrzi to n as Lord BeitaadA lewrer, en4«. as I JMsed along, ®tae," with a tonim of tlie OOJ. -wafintesti; won, to their zeneet ,«nd-gralfeidftJgy»g newenaeteTT/Ti. .. I suppoee .1 fthitifitte-goraiiot alB joaaofajeiatrnia' — ' - : 80) AwnodmAtonty tod toea knocked tip at the J??? ite-Coabe, and hereX foundBcd- tewfi. seried at a deal table. ..on which were vufiagintniih and a pile of lettexs tinder a ;gwSght. -A jhelf ,of books hung agaftut aH sorts of plaos,-sections. as(T ol thing, -Were rouly .ririfed oia the' f®«jan«a forreference. The onlyornaitafilr ta we place was a finriy-car7ed.oak framettat to nmst ta»)fe toaght at Coneyford, m Which f?Aet-anpenuri-mk tracing from the ,Ord oi&ce; map that; aiF learn afterwards, which" Marian had given -X bad opportnju' to make these observA frons, for. Bed lands, who rose on my coming, . teas now coarindmg an interview With a man 1 who aeoined loth to go away. I knew the man I by sight. His name was Cotayta&re.; a specu lator, and one of the wealthieat men in Coney- ford. He tad for years been twitoring after the Loevatiyestate, intending, it was rumoured, -if to cotrtd only get H, to run amil? there from- Coneyford. bmlda bighotel, make it afaduon able watering-plaee, and realise oent. per cent, on the investment. 44 Well, my lord," said to, going slowly towards the door, 44 you'll think it over, wont you?" "I -have thought _it over' said Badlands, with good humour, 44 and I have resolved to work the thing myself. If I knew the exact vaJue of thepcoputy, and you flrere to offer me double litar sua, X would not sriL" ' "I can understend that, my lord," said Coneybeam. " I dare eay there is no one who has a keener sense of enjoyment in working a thing to advantage than 1 have. To see one's hopes realised, to seeone's exertions xfthly re- warded, is the greateet happfoess In the' wx&d;, to tny mind. And thte delbt takes a flvonder- ful hold on a young beginner, - 1 know; But it's only an old soldier like me who" can stand reverses ; the young 'uns can't. You'll get re verses ; you're bound to in the natural course of things, be your luck as good aa it may, and! dontthink you will keep up your spirits to the present tevcL when things go wrong, in conjunc tion with n-spett oi bad weather, -and, eay, .a sluggish Hver. Then you'll aay to yourself,' 4 Why should I be tanging about tare in the ImA and mud, so a day. when old - Coneybearo would give me twice the amount to-go5away and enjoy -myself tn the society I've been need to ? I don't say you won't be well paid, my lord, for all your work hoe. You're bound to make money ; but I can make more. I've got tiie working plant ready to down, whereas -yon tax ta tray yours, tod. set up everyfiung new: Iriun't take -2sT67 tor an'aiaswmr tD diy X brifeve J sooner or later yoa will usk me.to . hay ; ali I ehaU trouble you with for the present i&, to; re - member my address — Coneybeaxe, Goiieyicurd— u d nuj, w mu«uuec( wu x uuw wvu vu iiner from you." With that be riio<fr hands, nodded to me, and went off. Redlands came bade to me, his face beaming vritk happiness. 4 It's emnething, Keene?' said he. to be able to refose thousands after serewiiig. for hundreds. - 44 Yes." said I. 4- That Coneybeare, Fm told, won't touch u speculation under five or six figures. I am not surprised ak-ytrarhigh spirits." 44 Ah, you wQl be less surprised when you know all! cried he; and then,- with & laugh, u By George 1 1 forgot' .that you promised to come and see me today. Writ, what have you found out about the te&cker; at the.scbool ? Have you -found out her name I" 1 44 Yes, J know her name, and so do you, now I know all about it." \- He was bo light-hearted and joyful that I felt sick to think of the part Iwas about to play, and the Utter disappointsfentfiiamaat s Don overcloofl nil his Inqies. - Seeing ' me ho leaden and 4attn in. themOath, heoaiirtuded that I wae- displeased snththe«sudl>e1ad. sent me on the tiay befene. for he laughed out right at me. . : You're snre her name is not Jigger, eh he uked. " Yoc're eertsin it's no compliment to het. ibeiter j qualities tp; say she's ssjgood as- sheJlaois'i -A&es; all, mJUTnKinibtln isngh at me than I at yon. Bntydarano& BUTprised bow thai I fell in love irith her before 1 knew herrmme evtm." " No, sir," eiud X; ft CraintWirpriseil st that. There's not a lady in the srarld more de serving of a good and honest gentlemen's love." - He grasped my hand in eloquent silence; I -couldn't foot up ia his iace, hut sat there jog ging the paper- weight to and fro idly 'with my left band, as mimrafoTft at heart as If the .young follow were lay own brother. After a hrief psnse, in which he mud hare been studying my face, he said; with sadden; conviction, " Keece, you beve rasne -hereto hnngme ted news." 7 "Yes, sir," eszd :I,-A'it ishad-rrexssthat has broaghtmehera." . . " hothing has happened to .Arr-f he said, wilhqnictenedbiefttiu . - -"f- " So. thank God. She knowanbthing about it, and she mustn't-.. I-shonidn't let you or any one else know butfor her sake." " Out with il, Keene ; lam a man," said he, with fierceness in Ins' voice. ' " Well, a qm<k etep is best on miry gronnd, so yon shall have Hie troth in a coqple of words — Old Sylvester is a scoundrel, a thief — and worse!" A thief !"he exclaimed, incredulously- . " And. rcerw," I repeated. . lie seated himsslf . without a word, and 'I then told him the whole wretched .stqnf ftom beginning to -end. 'When Xie had heard all-I wae careful to omit nothing, and, indeed, said considerably more tt." X have written in nar rating my interview with I-estrange — he said with derision : " ICssSylrBSter moat never hear a word of this ghastly "bufemese. We mxist get that awful old earner out of the way at once. Canyon set abont this immediately?" "Yet; .but lawyer as I am, I have not the slightest notion what ie tofcedoDe." " J know what is to be ,-done," said he. decisively, and without a momeni's re; flection. ' Will you follow my directions " With all my heart and at 'once," said J, nBug from mtint, 1 " Yon most find Iestnmee." — tte is at the Court, without dout&- \- " See him; and exact his promise to leave the country to-morrow, and to -take that horrible old rotcsl with him." Hie won't go without money, and he'll not be "satisfied without a lump sum." " it. rii.n mi swidt fae demands.' J scratched my chin 44 Hooey can be reified, certainly," said I, 44 though it wfii be atarp woik togrianyin twenty -four hoora ; how X am to get the mortgage afterwards wfttaut>nirakizig ffiiB Sjvester'a suspicion, I don't know." He had been hastily writing while heepoke, and now blotting the eheet and folding it, he raid cheerfully : . "Tbie wiXl-doit! He etcck the folded riieet in an envelope, and ra he addresBed it, said, still in theeame brisk tone ; . ... 4 Wtou you nave settled that blackguard Lestrange, take -this over to- Caneyiordf tod deliver «t yourarif — won't yoa, Keeoe. I feel that I am not aAing a favour,"® added' with a softened tooe, as Ite'voeo and put the letter in my tands. 44 Because it is for her rata." X glanced at tbe envelope, tod read the addrew — ' Mr. Coneybeane, Coneyford."' I knew what that meant. Beatah hadacoqited the contractor's offer. With one stroke of his pen be had given up hii fortune to rave Marian from the shame of ta owing h ex grandfather's <3ime. The hraoiBmof onrage lite in theexer- ffiffrri xsoarato, which «anly, sozpicsM mere phyrical hradinood as much asonr season excels the instinct of brutes; and Iray thatin this generous aisiioo. my young I<ord Badlands showed more wy of his ancestors that fell in battle. For certainly, though! have never fought anyone nave -in a court of law — His ten frmesearier-fer aaumtonsk Ins life in the heat and passion of battle, than in cool blood to relinquish with good and cheerful heart the fortune he has won, and can scarcely hope to recover. With these thoughts in my mind I grasped the young man's hand. 44 You are a fine fiflld'w.leaid I, "and worthy of the name yon beta. I kno w; .what is in this letter— r" . " 4nranoffyonlgo,"«sidhe ArarflSy "Yoa! are wajBtmg uine, 4keene,:' and there's no more to spare: ' III change these muddydhingsfor others, and go over ' to the "Court prcGcntiy'to fiiat ktis vrater may tave iio sospiricri. Meanwhile you nee testzange and. <3006)681©, ' and arrange matter % sothatwe get the aldman. ontcf the coimtry by to-nunxoarnfat." 44 Xtritallbe 'done," saidXimd fumphigin my nig — fOT he 2iad taken me ta.?ffcej'ana nd got me otft 'of -fte riifid- whfle-'be was talking— I dr- r« off ra ftat 'as my nag-wbcld go. V":-r-' - 1' i Now, A. I, pon)A sotiniare gone-wp'totbe boose wifiiottt Jrang seen by Marian, and. exritink herVnrioeiSr. I polled np when I came nrar the put. gates, and sent a tey, who ' 1$ ttare, with 'a' note written "on a led oz - tw aobbook; ad-.j dressed e-ms AflerJ»«Siuga»ahefatIj9m'newer. "UffSajnuneyhedeBieudeddmlild besesfouto him; hy which azxuqmeqtwe naghl avoid Mrting -with-ihe'Bedhmds eetate to Cooey- ¥| end «o keep It.-in. ou own. hands, u we only had time, we ooelfl get all the tponey that was needed on a mortgage, without cramping HedhuLde greafly for neeent \T .Waa jetting this neatij-. airranged' in my ithonghQ when Leetrunge came' to with an en- ptenOD of anger and bitter disapprintmriit f mhisface. . - ' " I haveleeh tiiiiddng ycur o2er over," said l,-sihe<ame up. --fs all light. T-— — " J,'/ " Yo, it im't all right," he said' moodily, in- ten uphng mo. " It's an wrong." . ".Wbacdo you mean f" I asaed. "It's all over," «aid he, throwing .up his hands. - The cafs out of the hag.' ' " What V" " J nst what I feared," he explained. ' While 1 ie my the old man pfot loose somehow, and Hies Sylvester knows every thing." CHAPTER XHL Fi-BEWEtl. Mariau knenr alt. How, what was to he done?— Lestiange looked hqpeleee, . "Where is the old man ?"I asked, " Oh,lieVaslfeep. Yon cannnderstandrthe effect of these attacks upon a man of his age ; this has been worse than usual— because I was not there to check it. He seems to have run on uniilhe stopped from sheer physical'exhliua- tion. Enough to idli him." He said these Utter wordsin aa injured tone, as if he felt it very hard on himself that the attack had not tfliri tte oT< - "frotd'the look of fhe' wmnts," he went on, 44 X should ray that they nil knew. If the icoiH should happen, Mr. Keene, What would become of tbe old man's pro. l«erty?" 44 It would go to the Crown, every penny," I repiied without hesitation, though X was not very certain on this point. 44 But the worst must not happen. You must get the old man away before the serT&ats; can spread the report. ;Yoa matt take him. out of the country to morrow— yoiir own interests are concerned re» member" He nodded. I did sot care twopence for his interests— my sole purpose was to avoid the terrible consequences of publicity upon poor Marian. . 4 ' .It's not such an easy job," arid Lestraage,- . drawing his finger aodthurabdown his long nose effectively. . 4sH<q is As obstinate and bard to .mavis as a mule in some ttungs, and this last if.ta twcte absoIotely rraoTed ' ; on prttiffg to file tozment bl zwniarce bjr ' an openoonfessiou. XVhile. he feared the con raqueucea of such of confession £&ad; a hold . vu hiiii, uuk u ue oews uisw i «xd pqweneK. I dare not use force— or X would — for, y»a ®%e, he might at any moment throw The will be has made in myfovonr into the fire, and then, where should X be!.'. 44 Cooldyou. get him aw»yA?/y//oio to-morrow if I make it worth your while j1" 44 How are you going to make it worth my while? That's the question." 44 Yoa demanded fifty thousand pounds ; if ft isnectas&ry; you shall tare it." V By to-morrow V" 44 By to-morrow." It was no time to make bargrias ; anything most be eacrrfioed rather thmi old Syivceter should be put to trialfor that crime. 44 You. eaid ,it would take you a week to realise, on that -estate. I don't doubt yoar honesty, or course. But yon ore alsvjw, and may, think I, deserve no better than a-litfie sharp practice. I pant jeopardise my fortune by setting -mysrif a'giiwutfr.tta old man's vriQ -srilbout 'aasuranoe that the money vrillbeprid P" X told him that Redlandswas prqiared to sell his estate .to save 'Mies Sylvester from shame, "Oh, X can't believe that,' said he with a knowing leer. Then ! showed him the -letter addressed to Coneybeare, and explained who he was, and all about him. Ttat was a falsemove. 1 ought sot to have done : it ; but . Z thought only of ratting thb old man aw &y;, and taielding ray dear litfie friend Marten. . _ -u. - t . " Well," arid he, giving me back the letter which be had-been turning oyer, and regarding while X spoke, 44 I'll go in undeeewhat I can do. I should like to get it over in the way you suggest, .but. I' see thei difficulties X have to steer through. I most make Miss Sylvester believe the old. man ' is out of his mind -. on this enbject— and for that, reason yon mart taeptcleax of tta place, that Ehs may not bus pCrtcoffusicin. Then ril fry tod wofek fife old man. Bat 1 warn ybu, Mr. dube, ttat I'm' doubtful of succefe; "and Soyputad better not delivetitai Irtter .until ypu hear from me. Til run overto-nighU and let you know ho w it is to be derided. It's nbdfee Bedlands seHinghis estate 16r less than it's' worth; if I can't accept the money when it is realised. You see, I'm perfectly straightforward , and deal honestly with you." As he eaidtbts he held up jus head and nodded a 44 good-bye," looking up 'into iny face almost for the fiat time.. It is difficult to assume an expression on suddenly lifting the head at an annsoal .angle, Ithuik; at any rate, the look I" raw in his eyes misgave me, for it belied his assertion of strrigfceforwara and honest dealing. I turned round, and walked , my nag slowly down the bill; at thsfoot ImetRedlands,DO longer in his stained working clothes, but neat, epick mid . span, from top to toe. I pulled up. ana'tolohim all that had taken place. r- ' 44 Poor .girl ! pour girl he raid, with a tender inflection of voice ; then quietly and more hopefully 44 1 swill go up and see if I can do any good X raidIwouldbe.therQat5, and itisnowy looking at his watch, & quarter to, to that she will buspect nothing by my visit. You would do well, Keene, to prepare Goaey- beaxe, though you' do not give him that letter till you have heard from Leetrange, that he may have the money ready if it is likriy to be needed." . I promised him ttfannd weaeparatad. Ar- i rived at Coneyford, IVtotatfrught to Coney brarete office,' . arid fotrnd him three, alone— bis having struck work before their master. I told him my cfient, X<ord TTodlandw, might be prepared tolnaketreme with him the wy next morning, if he could depend on receiving fifty thousand pounds dovto on the root. He thooght a moment, and then raid — By 12 o'clock to morrow mornicg l stall be prepared to put down on this desk a cheque or notes for that uiouni.f' ;r i 1 told him fioteewduid be preferable, tod then went home, feeling X could do no more for the present- Meanwhile Bedlands tad gone on to the Court Mies Sylvester was in ber room : he w» sfcoivn into the litfie lirisg-room. Pre »eatly Marian came down as white aa a ghost. Bedlands could tea ttat as plainly as he could feel the icy coldness of her litfietand as he took it— albeit, foreseeing how 'frlidjggttld dread the lignt Taiimg on aer zace,-ne.naa uoqhumj lowefed he shade over tta jomp and turned down the 'wick. Still holding her' bold "little band, lie led her to a seat before the fire, saying how chill the evenings were now and then he stirred the fire, and began to rattle on about his works, as ii he was so engrossed in his oflrn efforts that he dm not perceive her unusual silence though it struck him with pity end fear. Poor heard his pleasant voice without hft words, as one may hear music whilst the attention is fired upon a book. She was wondering how she could get through what lay before her. Other women could have excused themselves on some pre text, but - she was not one to chirk a duty be cause it was unpleasant. For her there was but ooe way of. doing a thing, and that was the straightforward way. George," ahe said, when he paused, laying down the poker, 44 X ain going away." 44 Going away, love ?" he said, his voice dropping to a lower pitch, and faltering more here — 44 going awav ?" Yes—I — I have packed up tny little belong- isgs, arid I am going away to night." ' Then X will go with you, dear," he said, 44 wherever you go." - - George, > you mart stay tare. - Oar patta no longer nur side .hy stde. A great misfortune tas happened to me. Xoevallyisno , hmgersmne ;X tave tioftiingjin tbaworid.. T TVbythaPstamuch as £ thought you pos' Buarijrtfelfdljalira withyou,dariug," 1 said he, takingjhsr hand gently. 44 It was bat - » little tohoounistrese X sought to make my' wife,-Aiidjroa are still ttat-rand all the world , 1 He Epota with - such infinite tenderness that berheaxtroraabevaaUite-grirtfa joy to have, the-love of-eurka gentle man.? Euingute eprice, he talf vested himself on the arm of her chair, and patting hxs' hand round tar waist, rtntorcafJ<tantta»& taApabqp yjfh <l littte mmmnr of passionate deEfflt, and yielded, ber.cbeeks.-'to me lips— feeling only, thmS5ng;riot ataB. ' But inamomriit herriear res tori: asstafed itsblf; and toe' knew she was wrong - to yield to her heart r that she musti break the gtoile buod bctween herBrif <and bbn . FnA separate' for.reyer. pShe drew herself niwalLGeoiye." .eta raid.,- Wkwi vmM flomg away, I& meant £MrnS£iBgT«£vany ; ftatis alora fiito Yimreiot feel asrtiilA . ::,Ooto4ltob1-to«t'#UWjS'4»'Wra' how she fann ' K O T ii'? f /. ;.i ftotod'MmstaiMte' tadteKjsoahaA tar ! whole: teaaiP. -v .. . t r ; 44 Andykan I tell you ron tinned, < love for tan, " yoa flrill mdflntiri fiirtinbid- ing you farewell my motive is not a caprice, nottriyinotofanaturettati over- OTmeJItumeritbjjfetaritoybrtay. to wtuftever v-ttat ie Imbagbt beat1 upon it. Tfc youtz&drestaridme.P9; ' . n Yeq,? raid be,- 4,X kaoy 4 c I " .toe Sed. dori,?<uB it will breto>yorir: hoiif AgM.- keep mine whole to meet ' my teouble taavdy?" He got rip and walked across tbe room,' that toe might not. .see how he was unmanned— biting his quivering lip and gulping down the eob that > rose m his throat, tone tboughtof losing, for ever this dear girl, whose beantyv and sweetness, arid goodness tad never: yrti seemedso divinely perfect. And aha, keeping tar moist and jjuivsring tands clo&e-rienched; ixt. her lap, bowed . her bead, while the team dropped one by (me upon her knees. Hie thought of lire in the midst of hxa own fldtapubon-Aegtegrilier woe by that in hiBown breast — he must put an end to her tor riHe ordeal, and tear Jiimsrif qnickiy &w;&y; to give reposeto ttat poor- stricken hrart. He went up to the side ot her chair and laid his hsiid gentiy on her head, thinking that his fingers were never again to feel that soft, cool, wavingtair. ' . "I vrill riot ask you to tell me why we must part, love ; you have said we must. It is now for me to ray, 4 X am going away ; farewell.' " paused «d rahat, Xombg in critdfone found o? that voice wbirii wasrfie hravmdiast music to his ear; but ahe could not speak. 44 Farewell" died npon her lips. Bat oh! her ceuerous soul rose in reproach against letting him co away thus, without a farewell, though reason might have whispered, " It is best, so." She vu wise and good, obedient to the teaching of her confidence, but with all that she was intensely human. So with the swift impulse of love she sprang to her feet, daAtwg the tears from hrechetosvrito the palms of tar hands, and with an inarticulate cry of mingled love, and joy, and sorrow, ehe threw herself in his arms, and swallowing her grief, ahe mar ' mured in a sentence broken with tbe kisses ahe pressed apon his tips--- v.. 44 Gooa-bye— drar, door, love— I cannot ask you to .forget ta - X .cannot wish- that you should; bit «& tol your hniness— to And toatefie ohriatotfi lK;bands frtta jta ntok-toid xaa away, sobbing, 'into the darker .end' df- the xdcon. - . TOBEboHnstnav '» 