What is it ? T1IB INFLUENCE THAT SOMETIMES CiUIDKS US AGAINST OUR WILL. "No, I f'o not balicvo in ghosts,*'said an old lady of groat experience, "hat I do bolievo in the ministration of spirils." This is not tho ogc nor the conutiy in which tbo supcr- natural flourishes. Interest contrea about the practical. Oauntod bouses aro rented without great diffioulty, if tho landlord ia willing to kuook 01. a portion of tbo ront. There nro many, howover, who will admit tbo exertion at times of somo peculiar iniluence swaying nur actions. Wo nro led to do things we should not do of our own volition— tho wisdom of which we do not approciato until aftowatds ; thca wo wonder how wo cstne to do them. Wo aro forced to learn thot worldly wisdom is not always that which guides into the wisest courses. In this practical ago rcanlta are what peoplo oro looking aftor. They boliovo iv what thoy sec j tho "evidenco of things not seen "is to bo weijjhod in tho futuro. Whon a man is sick ho wants to get well; he cares little what medical method ia em ployed if it cnre.l. But if it doea not euro ho soon begins to doubt tho skill of tho physi cian, and inquire ints his methods af medication. A happy thing it is sometimes if somo iniluence inducc? investigation beforn it ie too lata. Mr E. XV. Kdmondaan, of Melbourne, writos, 21st October, 1890 :— " During the pnst IG years I havo been ailing periodically from a -serious allcctlon of tbo kidneys, ana in latter years my complaint became moro acute, so that I wob frequently seined with stabbing pains in tho back. I had oftou prolonged headaches, the resnlt of liver disoreier. For years I thus Buffered, and 1 thought thi? disorder of tho kidnc)B and livor would bring about a more Berioii? disease. Finally I tried tho effects of Waruor's Bafc euro, nnd not nntil then did I experience any amelioration in my condition. The ueo of thie racdiciuo speedily wrought a great change, and fonr bottle? effected a complete cure." Noto what Mr ilenry Warwick, of Lonedalc-street, Melbourne, says: —"30th Ootobo/, 1890—For name years I bavo boon suffering from frequent attacks of gravel, ofton with unboorablopaics in tho back and right side, and my digestive organs wore also out of order. In nddition I was afflicted with congestion of tho liver and periodical headaches of a sevcro nature. My snlfering wns quickly romovod whon resorting to Warnor'a aafo euro, of which I took four bottles, whon tbo acuto paina in the right aide, causod by the congestion of the liver, ceased, whilo my kidneys wero restored to healthy action," 