CHy tabernacle. The Rev. W. Whale preached to a large congregation in the City Tabernaole on Sunday morning on the subject of "Bible Teaching and State Education." He took as his text, "The seedistheWordoiQod. . . . Thaton the good ground are they whioh in an honest and good heart having heard the Word keep it, and bring forth frnit" (Lukeviii. 11 and 16). Ho said that the sermon that morning was tho last of a series on the parable of tho sower, and it fell somewhat suitably on the Sunday when speoial attention was being called to the subject of Bible teaohing as part of education. He would therafore give that direction to his remarks. Many of them knew that his homo in tho old country was in Birmingham for some years." He was there brought up among the political and educational movements of a somewhat exciting time. Bir mingham was the home also of the Education League and the centre of tho sooular system of education for some years. The system of seoular teaohing for State schools and of volun tary religions teaching, as in some^ measure supplementary to the seonlor teaohing, was tried there nnder auspices more reeoluto and more efficient than it was likely could be tried elsewhere, and yet it was an acknowledged foilnre. He was one of thoBe who were on principle opposed to State education, bocanse it was a step in State socialism whioh interposed in the relation of parents and ohild. It was one thing to reqniro parents to eduoate np to a minimum standard and quite another for the State to take up the work of educating as If it; stood in the place of parents. The discussions of the present day arose largely out of tho unnatural and illogical position of the whole education: system. On the national school system, tho British school system, or- the denominational-schdol.system,: those questioos couldnot arise. Any whoromcm bered the debates in tbe British Parliament and in the nation would know tho truth and force of these remarks. Bat the State education system camo into force, and even then in Eng land the school boards Were a purely looai influence, and gave tho people more direct con trol cf the administration, and • tbe conscionco clauso left all parties freoto assert their fights. 8eeing that board school were a fact, and bad como to tray as an institutioo, be from tho very passing of tho Act took a deep interest in them, first as a cautious guardian of the rights of conscience and as a believer that ail the work of the State mdst be secular ; then afterwards, as one who favoured .the Bible reading, and on that tioket ho became a member of tbe school board. He had been, doputed to investigate sundry matters oon neotod with cdooation and had had ovcry opportunity of seeing and knowiug tho working of a variety of schools. The board til with which he had the honour to be ossouiated had as member a priest of tho Catholic Churoh, and they had a large Oatholio population, quito as IargB proportionately as that of Brisbane, and in those State schools they bad Bible readingand tbe Lord's Prayer, and ho never knew any diffi culty arisoon aeeouutof tbeBibloreading.' Tbero wore Jews, Catholics, and soculariate, as woll as all seotionn of religionists of every name' and notion. Moreover, there was lees reason for Bible reading in State schools, seeing that there wtro Bible schools other than State schools to which children could go. So far aa ho bad beeu ablo to obsorvo tho educational work of Queensland, ho shoald say that tho general standard of . education was goad, and tho teachers Beemed to ho an efficient and estim able class of public scrvnnts whoso porsonil influence should give a good tooo to tho school; bnt tho school board system is pref erablo to tho centralisation which provailHiu Queensland, and the governmental tono in tho colony bo regarded as being somowhat anti-roligious. Tho physical and the intellectual were attended to, but the exolnding or ignoring oi the religious, or the delegating oi it ln>o a separate department, was, be thought, a fundamental error. It should not he needful to provotbat Queensland youth were more oorrupt than others as port of the discussion on the great- prnhlflm AH countries had a task sufficientlyf sorions ^iu training future citizens, and hot the' lowest, but the highest and best, should beinonloated. Confessedly the young people. Buffered from want of religions training, and thatseeihod painfully evident to all who were oare ful observers. When the house;was also the sohool, then religion was the prinoipal part of education, and so_ indeed it shonld always he if they would avoid the most painful ovils of a elever but uuprinoipled population. Sunday sohoola were formerly for reading, writing, arithmetic,' &o.;, under'religiouaaus pioes and with added Bible teaching. The seonlar portion had been dropped from „the Sunday sohool By stem, and tho religions portion had here been dropped frotn the day sohool system, and the rigid separation of education into religions and seonlar was a mistake. The terms were not antagonistic, .and ought not to be divorced. At present the, religioturmotive Sower was put out of the schools so far-as the epartmental rules were obeyed. It :whuld;be rregnlar to say that a lie :was a sin against God; or to advise, •' Seek ye first the kingdom of God and His righteonsnessor to teach, " Thou shall hare no other God but He," or any of the other oomman'dments"; or to say, "Joy shall be in heaved over onoflinher that repenteth;" or to Bing, " God be with you till we meet againor indeed any* suoh things as might be oalled religions, referring to. God 4M the Bible for authority or for; motive! power in daily duty. He then dealt more parti cularly with the text, arguing that good seed was necessary to the reaping of a good harvest, and that in Beed as in all matters of life quality shonld be ohosen in prefereho'e to quantity. As ministers it was their duty to throw the seed broadoaBt, as it was not for them to jndgo the possibilities of harvest. Some of the seed may not yield anything, but',with the best of seed and the best of soil the' harvest would vary in quantity, but the quality being good they oonla rejoice in the thirty,., or sixty, or hundredfold return. - On the other hand, in the harvest of evil, any resnlt was to ho deplored. The young heart should offer the best prospeot of good results. All people believed that youth was the best time to reoeive impressions,: hence the evil of ignoring the Bible, and the - evil of whatever made a wrong or confused, or degrad ing, or frivolous impression on the! mind. In oonolnding Mr. Whale said he knew there were differenoes of opinion on the snbjeot of the Bible in State schools. He knew by . reports ROmewhat of the confliota in Queensland in days gone by, and he fully sympathised with their motives, but he had seen similar Conflicts, and had also seen the other side of the question worked successfully, and he thought it was not for ihe honour of God that literature euch as the Bible should be exoluded from the ourriculum of education, of that oth'er litera ture should be, mutilated, because it had the Divine name and teaching in it. It was a pro fanity that good men shonld not approve. It was a cruel injustice to the young that there shonld he no prayer, no hymn or heart touch with heaven in the exorcises which took np the time and strength of the first add foundation part of their lives. From the eeedsowing^of physicaldrillthey hoped foraharvest of muscular and activemen and women. From the seedsowing of the alphabet, and the numeration tables,- ana the oopybook, they hoped for a harvest of read ing, calculating, and writing men and women. - From the general mental discipline they.hoped for a harvest of keen and intelleotoal oitizens. Bnt only from the Word of God could they get the harvest which was tho.highest and noblest, that of eternal good in the Kingdom of God, which was " righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost." . 