CHAPTER IV.-A RESUERECITON.' Mary liad never alluded to him, but Lincotfc had ascertained in the village that Masters had had a ne'er-do-well stepson, whose name was John Bentley, and who was sup posed to be dead. And, though no coward, be had not had the courage to face the conse quences of his own wrong doing. He could not tell Mary that there was an insurmountable barrier between them; the pain would have been too great. But those halcyon months had steadied his nerves and cleared his brain; he had discerned plainly at last that if Jack Bentley had not been her brother he might righteously have re tained the love he had won. He had been guilty of no cold-blooded, unpardonable deed; and before leaving England he had had no hesitation in committing his confession to paper. Far out at sea he would write to Mi-. Masters to open the sealed packet, and all would be known. Mary would know the worst of him; and m time she might) for give him for all the misery he had brought upon her. But during the voyage out hope revived in Linc-ott's harassed breast; a forlorn hope truly; yet possibly Grenfell had been de ceived ; possibly the man with whom his old chum and he had in an evil hour gone into partnership at the gold diggings had assumed a name to which he had no title: that he had called himself Jack Bentley was a mere coinci dence. At all events he would defer writing for the present. And when he went on shore at Melbourne his friend Grenfell had started vip country. Should he follow him ? Recalling with a shudder how the dead man lay unburied in the bush, he decided otherwise, and prepared himself for a long journey. With Mary's loving, violet eyes to guide his quest, he ultimately discovered the great gum tree which marked the fatal spot where Bentley had fallen. But not a trace of him remained; not a fluttering rag of his cloth ing rewarded him. How was his identity to be proved 1 Sadly he retraced his road. Still he could not write the letter that must destroy his fondly cherished dream until he had conferred with Grenfell, whoso where abouts he had been unable to learn. Quite accidentally he heard that he had . recently returned to the city, and that he was ill in hospital, whither he at once hied. On his entrance into the ward Grenfell's eyes glistened. Bnt his countenance fell when Lincott seated himself beside him; the haggard misery of his face smote him to the heart. "To think that the mean, pitiful rascal should work woe both alive and dead," he faltered. "His very pitifulness should have been his safeguard," said Lincott. "And he was weakened by fever. That cowardly blow should never have been struck." "Not so weak but he would have done for the two of us to possess himself of the gold," said his old friend, viciously. "We should have strung him up as an example." _ "It would have been a merciful deliverance." Lincott's eyes rolled wildly. Whence came that hollow voice '!> . "Why, in the name of all the'powers of darkness, didn't you string me up ?" demanded the same voice, but with a savage ring in it now. " It can't be-it isn't possible," said Grenfell under his breath. " But it sounds like Jack's voice." "Jack it is," and ahead was raised in the next bed. "Why didn't you string me up, I ask ? To have spared me for this !" " You here!" gasped Lincott. "Where would you have a man when he's dying by inches'/" snai'led Jack. "I've drunk myself here. But you'll have to answer for it. What did you leave my share of that accursed gold behind for T "We left you for dead," said Grenfell, seeing that the revulsion had been too great for Lincott. " And we had no fancy for gold with this stain of blood on it." " I feigned death. A Hindoo fellow taught me the trick. Blood was on the gold I stole from my mother. But it was gold-spendable gold-nevertheless. Old Masters was mad when he found the forged cheque crushed in her dead hand. And he would have prosecuted nid but for Mary," he continued in a rambling way. " Mary was always my good angel. A precious step-father I had !" " Come, come, Bentley," interfered a nurse; "you are exciting yourself, and the doctor-" "I'm past his help. I read it in his face this morning. I'd give something to seo Mary again. She never turned against me never!" Would you like any message delivered, to her?' asked Lincott, gently- recovering him self. "I've been to England lately-to Ainsleigh. And your sister and I became friends-and more-" "Eh, what?" said Bentley" with a startled air. "You believe you had killed me, and yet you-" "You forget; I only knew you as 'Jack.5 But I wrote to Grenfell to acquaint him with my good fortune. And then-I recrossed." "I understand," said Bentley. " But you can marry her now; she deserves a good husband. And the news you'll carry to her presently will be as nice a wedding gift as ehe can have-poor girl. God bless her. It's a good job I shan't cause them aiiy more trouble at home. I'm glad we've met again, Lincott-'pon my soul, I am," holding out a wasted hand. .' Not gladder-not more thankful-than I am, Jack," he said, wringing it warmly. "You can explain how the mystification arose," Bentley added in a faint whisper; " only you needn't tell them that if you hadn't been prompt with your fist I might have been responsible for a couple of murders. Bad as I am, I'm not sorry. I'm weaker than I thought. I'll sleep a bit. Don't wait; thedoctor'll let you see me to-morrow-if I'm here!" Mary had hastened home. The time had at length come to break the seal of the packet entrusted to her father, the contents of< which never transpired. But thereafter Mary grew thinner and paler, and avoided the road leading to the cottage, which, with ?\\\ ild winds holding carnival in the leafless branches of the poplars and trailing creepers beating at the windows, was a veritable ghost of a dead home. And by-and-byMrs. Dubbins's story of the veiled picture got to be believed. Did it not account for Mr. Lincott's isolation-his ardor in forwarding the preparations for his marriage, his hasty departure? And his mysterious silence! Ay, it accounted for everything. But to the astonishment of Ainsleigh, one day Mr. Lincott reappeared, accompanied by a friend, in whom, as they strode up the village street, Mrs. Dubbins, somewhat to her chagrin, recognised the murdered man of the picture. A brief halt at the cottage, and then they sallied forth to the Gables. And on the following Sunday Mary Masters was transformed into Mrs. Lincott ; while deeply repentant John Bentley officiated as I "bestman." -Cas.tclVs Saturday Journal. 