SOCIAL GOSSIP FROM HOME. (FROM A LONDON COIUIESPO-DE-T.) LONDON, MARCH 20. It is an undoubted fact that England has become a pleasanter place to live in since and in consequence of the O'shea divorce case. It has had the effect of killing politics for the time and there are few people who do not relish, the relaxation of the mental strain which results from cultivating politics at high pressure" The House of Commons has become a sort of debating society, where abstract questions are discussed in order that each side may outbid the other in its pro- fessions of devotion to the working man. It has allowed itself, such in its decadence, to fall almost wholly under the guidance of Pope-Hennessy. He is the guide, philosopher, and friend of all parties, seldom making a speech, and even when he speaks avoiding party lines ; but perpetually gliding from one quarter of the Chamber to another, moderating opposition, suggesting compromise, guid- ing the faltering steps of weak-kneed Ministers - a sort of universal button holes, big with schemes for the re- generation and consolidation of the empire, and the reconciling of domestic quarrels. In its present relish for frivolity, the House has allowed itself the indulgence of a long and lively debate upon a trumpery question arising out of a bill enabling the Midlaiuhliaihvny to penetrate St. John's Wood. It. was a battle royal between the level-headed men of all parties and the united forces of the senti- mentalists, the sportsmen, and the faddists. To judge by the mother in the press for days beforehand, the bill seemed likely to be kicked out of the House by an, overwhelming majority. The lovers of cricket were up in arms, because the scheme involved a possible absorption of Lord's Cricket ground in the dim future, and the present selling by coal-dust of all the feminine toilettes which grace the great matches of the season. Then the artists were up in arms, for they declared that their skill would leave them if a railway terminus were erected anywhere in their vicinity. To these were allied the faddists, to whom the word "open space " is a word of sacred incanta- tion, but it was of another class of which the House and the world at large was think- in-the ladies of beauty, who according to accepted tradition were supposed to occupy the well-concealed villas with which the umbrageous neighbourhood is thickly studded. St John's Wood is an anomaly and a survival " amongst London districts. It is so close to town that it is matter of wonder why its owners have not long ago transformed its character, and covered it with the ordinary treeless streets and rows of houses characteristic of Central London. Probably it is to its evil fame that it owes the retention of its rusticity. The words " St. John's Wood "are sufficient to raise a snigger in every ill-regulated mind. But, as in many another case, the word no longer corresponds to the fact. For years past the virtuous have been silently evicting the vicious. The reason for the silence of the ladies of doubtful character under the threatened invasion of the neighbourhood is explained by the fact that they are phantoms of the jocular and journalistic mind. Many a humble clerk or business man has been enjoying the delights of a rim invite at a ridiculously moderate rent simply because the world has taken it for granted that his home and those of his equally virtuous neighbours . were haunts of irreconcilable vice. That the House of Commons shared the popular delusion about St. John's Wood was apparent as the debate went on. Every allusion to the character of the neighbourhood and its open spaces was received with letters, or, if the supposed joke appeared to go too far, with indignant ex- clamations of " Oh, oh." Mr. Labouchere was so hooted at one point that he abandoned his attack on the ladies and addressed himself to the congenial task of revising the artists for their sensitiveness and pretensions, and there the House was, of course, with him. In the division the lovers of sport went almost solid against the bill, which, however, was carried by a two to one majority. The only sportsman who was of aiRe to the cause was Jim Lowther, a matter of some surprise to those who were not intimate with him. But the fact is that he is singularly narrow in his sporting sympathies. Like all the Lowther's, there must be a horse somewhere on the scene in order to excite his interest in a sporting matter. I presume that Australians would view with resentment any attempt to interest them in the Ibsen controversy. You have nail a dose of Ibsen in its most diluted for, and administered by the charming hand of Miss Janet Achurch, and you have violently rejected the motion. Here the craze has been revived in an offensive form-two of the chief priests of the cult seeking to attract attention to their show by the well-worn device of engaging in a bogus quarrel with one another. They have found an Anglo German gentleman of financial spirit to engage a theatre for them, where worshippers are admitted without payment, but on the honourable understanding that they will contribute to the funds of the society. Having thus, as they believe, freed themselves from the jurisdiction of the Lord Chamberlain, the Ibsenites have already given a representation of the master's most gruesome work, " Ghosts," and the rest of the dreadful series are promised. The chief priests of Ibsenism at the present moment are William Archer, the dramatic critic of the World; George Bernard Shaw, its musical critic ; the poet Gosse, Justin Huntley M'Carthy, Miss Kennard, the original Kangaroo Girl of Dr. Bill j" Lady Colin Campbell, George Moore, " the English Zola ;" and the editor of the Pall Mall Gazette. They make a nice crowd altogether. We are threatened with a second " Independent Theatre " besides that which is dedicated to Ibsen. It is projected by Mr. Justin Huntley M'Carthy and a Mr. Colnaghi, and is designed for full-dress Sunday evening plays by the best professionals in London! I sincerely hope that the scheme will be throttled by the Sabbatarians before it comes to life, because it is an affair involving a subscription, which is always a thing to be avoided in this world. The County Council elections, which take place about seven months hence, are beginning to engage some amount of attention among political wire-pullers in the metro john. , I hear from men of all sides that the Radical party in the council has no prospect whatever of coming back in anything like its present strength, and that it may be actually in a minority. This is not due to its radicalism or its enforcement of the rates. If there is a reaction it will be entirely due to the level of " Macdougallism " in the present council, which culminated in the affair of " Zoo's back "-an affair which engages more of the thoughts of, and arouses a keener indignation in the average " low-toned Londoner than any other matter occurring at home or abroad. When the license of the Aquarium was last under review before the council, some Macdougallitcs circulated an anonymous leaflet alleging that Zieo's back was covered with sores due to the laceration of her tah by her nightly tumble into the net. This allegation was denied, and the license was renewed on terms already known. Some months afterwards, Captain Molesworth, the very pugnacious manager of the Aquarium, in a dis- course upon the iniquities of the council which is a favourite exercise with all managers just now-made the extraordinary statement that two members of the council had visited the Aquarium and insisted on examining the lady's back. The matter engaged the attention of an excited council, but it was impossible to extract from the captain the names of the alleged elders who had toyed with this Susannah, and at first neither of them had the courage to avow his brief excursion into the primrose paths of the forbidden land. But at a subsequent meeting a councillor named Thornton arose, and frankly confessed that he had had the egregious folly to visit the place in order to make personal inquiries, and greatly to his own perturbation, had been shown the lady's back, although as a matter of fact he had kept his eyes downcast during the exposure. At first the confession . [ made no great stir The man's m. i being Thornton, it was assumed that he must be a brewer and a " moderate, and that his visit was to be regarded as in the interests of the acrobatic profession But in a day or two it became known that he was a progressive, an ex working man, and a leading chapel goer, and public indignation knew no bounds In the meantime, by way of adding fuel to the conflagration, Zoo herself had taken the field in a stirring and pathetic letter, declaring that her foster mother had taken to her bed and died of the shame of her daughters supposed exposure His idea now possesses what may be called the Daily Telegraph mind, that the average progressive count) councillor is not only a monster of evil passions, but a hypocrite of unparalleled effrontery- better far the ground landlord ' with all his by radical greed He at all events was content w still depleting our purses He did not claim to exercise the droits de seigneur over ones foster daughter IN ho the second count) councillor was remains a mystery until this day He has had the sense to hold his peace 'The great Clitheroe abduction case, of which your readers will have heard from other sources, ended yesterday in the release of Mr. I Jackson from her husband s domestic restraint The Lord Chancellor and the Master of the Rolls gave themselves a free hand in abusing the husband and throwing indirect contempt on the doctrines of marital authority all which has made The Times very angry, the other papers generally taking the popular view that a wife is a human being and a British subject, and ought not to be subject to perpetual incarceration at the will of her husband. The whole affaires trates viv idly the absolute ignorance of the great mass of Englishmen in relation to the lendingfiictsaffecting their own daily lives and condition îvearlyever) Frenchman knows his code" sufficiently to have a general idea of his own rights and responsibilities But if an I englishman is not a practising lawyer it never occurs to him as possible that he can master even the most elementary maxims of law as affecting himself and his neighbours I remember once going down to a police court to look after young gentleman who had been summoned for having mounted the box of a derelict cab and set the horse at a gallop-the indignant army giving chase 1 he escapade happened at four in the morning, the delinquent being in evening dress, and having imbibed freely at a ball in Grosvenor square [ found the ante room of the court filled with major generals, rear admirals, peers members of Parliament, and tommy gentlemen who had all come to speak to the character of the accused, and were willing to be called into court where the case had been proceeding for about two minutes - when the door swung open and a professional was came forth, with fictitious was depicted on his countenance, and announced that the magistrate had suffered a sentence of 20 years penal servitude and a flogging of 50 lashes A babel of indignation burst forth, and lasted a long time not one of the distinguished crowd peru ning that the state mine was a palpable absurdity Tins same credulity in matters of law made itself evident in the Clitheroe case Every public writer in the kingdom acquiesced, with a fatalistic apathy worthy of an Oriental mind in the view that a wife was the bond slave of her husband here she was, shut up in her husband's house at Blackburn, the county police present in force to prevent her family home releasing her and there she must remain until silt died or submitted At last a letter applied in one of the papers, signed ' 1 suggesting that everyone tottered was in gross ignorance of the law, and that the lady's friends had only to apply for a habeas corpus in order to obtain her instant ideas? The hint was taken, but the first efforts were in vain Mr Justice Cave and Mr Justice Time (the most submissive husband in England) we waxed eloquent upon the unlimited authority of a husband, found in tin ourselves on the old judgments which lay it down that a husband may not only rest in his wife but beat her with a stick so long as it is no thicker than his little finger, and also on a comparatively modern judgment of Mr Justice Coleridge, who was a fervent High Churchman and saturated with the ecclesiastical view on this and other matters 1 you ever, in two days the Court of Appeal reversed the judgment of the Court below, and the lady was restored to liberty 'till odd thing about the whole affair is that in Lancashire not only the police, but the mob, are on the side of the Bluebeard lins band _________________________ 