LXTEEATUBEI, An Apologist of Ibsen. The last number but one of the Economic Review which has reached this side of the world contains an article by C. E. Maurice on. the Norwegian dramatist and philosopher, Henrick Ibsen, which may be recommended to the reading of the mis guided enthusiasts who have discredited his work by undiscerning praise. ' The dull gifts of igno rant hands ' do more to disgust the recipient than to encourage him, and when these take the form of extravagant eulogy of a writer's work by ill balanced admirers who do not discriminate in their enthusiasm, it is probable that the persons best pleased by their performance are the eulogists themselves. We have not, so far as is generally known, yet had the benefit of Ibsen's candid opinion on those injudicious friends of his who have done so much to make his teaching unpopular, but writers like the author of this article, who speaks as one sure of his information, help to supply a want that must be apparent to any reasonable and unprejudiced reader of Ibsen's works. To do a writer like this bare justice it is necessary to read more than one page of his books, and to study more than one of the characters he has drawn. Ibsen illustrates different lines of thought by different characters, and the vehicle of ex pression he has mainly chosen— that of the drama — required sharp lines and vivid colouring. But his women are not all Nora Helmers any more than they are all Mrs. Alvings or Ellidas. To get a complete character portrait of the desirable or typical woman, as Ibsen understood and painted her, it is necessary to study all his principal types, and then proceed by a process of selection and comparison. In this way, the characteristics of one of his models will be found to correct and pro portion those of the others, just as the blending of sounds or colours produces a harmony of the whole. Had Ibsen written a play with all these conflicting characteristics refined down into their residuary result, the character might have been more capti vating than many of the isolated feminine characters in his dramas, but there would have been no drama. That is to say, the colour and life and human nature which lend drama its effective ness would have gone out of it, and with them all that has aroused the discussion which is now synonymous with Ibsen's name. Those who have brought Ibsenism into disrepute, however, have done so by making no allowance for all this. They have seized on the characteristic features that happen to have struck their fancy, and constructed theories of their own upon them : and, as this writer puts it, 'of all the curses from which great teachers suffer, none perhaps is worse than that small band of esoteric followers who are bent on telling the world how extremely clever they are in understanding one who is 'caviare to the general.' " They are proud to remain in a minority of superior persons, he goes on to say ; and it is their pleasure to try to shock the world by dwelling on the most bizarre and extravagant parts of their authors teaching. If nine out of ten of the people who talk most glibly about Ibsen were subjected to an expert cross- examination, it would very likely be found that they reduce what they are pleased to call his teaching to a sort of theory that marriage is a failure, that woman has a right, or rather a duty, to perform in the assertion of her individuality, which appears to consist chiefly in denying her husband his ; and that by an easy and natural con sequence, which, if carried summarily out, would break up the fabric of society in a week, the woman is bound to give up children and husband, and every link of responsibility to the latter, except a lien on his bank account, in pursuit of the fan tastic individuality she has been pleased to imagine for herself. Of course, the corrosive acid of prac tical common sense eats the heart out of this crazy ideal as soon as it is applied to it. If ori ginal sin or all that theologians understand and imply by that term were taken out of the average woman it might work prettily enough. But women are not all angels, as the records of the Divorce and Criminal Courts prove ; and if one of the ladies who are not angels happened to use the ideal as a cover for other projects the hapless Helmers of this sublunary sphere would soon be an extinct type outside its Bedlams and penitentiaries. The same class of Ibsenites would reason from dramas like ' Ghosts' that mankind was as unsound physi cally as society is morally, and that humanity it self had ceased to have any significance in the eyes of gods or angels than as a collection of so many riddled husks, insecurely inhabited by the ghosts of the vicious and depraved of other generations. That is. of course, the male portion of humanity. 'When these people say that Ibsen speaks of women as the last hope of the race, they mean that the mas- culine half has seen the last of its usefulness, and, depraved morally and physically, it has only strength to repress the individuality of the femi nine half, and keep it from earning out the mis sion of regeneration to which it is destined. For this is woman in revolt, and for this is Ibsen re garded by a certain class as the patron saint of the movement in favour of the overthrow of marital responsibility on the woman's side, and the recognition of that highly debatable and ill-defined claim known as woman's rights. The writer of the article that suggests these re marks does not think it worth his while to go into all this. He contents himself with deprecating the theory that a 'repulsive pessimism' is all that Ibsen has to tell the world, and politely sneer ing at the disappointed dramatists who are jealous of the attempt to bring the Norwegian plays on the English stage. This writer is more interested in showing that Ibsen does not advocate an extreme State Socialism, as the key to the problems he analyses, as many of the advocates of the economic doctrine think, but an exactly opposite prescription for social evils. He begins by examining the con ditions under which Ibsen thought and worked. He is distinctly a Norwegan, we are reminded, writing in the light of his familiar experiences, and facing problems very different to those which per plex our more complicated civilisation. He was bom 73 years ago in a town of 3000 inhabitants, and at the age of 16 he removed to a still smaller village. Here the social order was of the simplest. Every one knew everybody else, and the richest man received the lowest bow, which was graduated until it dwindled into the careless nod to the cap less workman. There was a well-to-do-ness that begat satisfaction with each one's position : and there was no contrast between a wealthy and luxurious aristocracy and a miserably -housed and over- rented proletariat, no bustle of unscrupulous competition, no sensational vice nor very startling crime. The result, to Ibsen's mind, was a peculiar kind of hypocrisy and pharisaism. He was irritated by the conditions of a state of things that, we should probably describe as ' smug respectability.'' Duty became habit, and the idea of habit and con ventional usage was inseparable from that of duty. The will went asleep, and the consciousness with it, and Ibsen's case was that such a condition of things was fatal to character and the soul's life. He made society as he knew it the object of his attacks, and those who read him make the mistake of forgetting how his theories were limited and coloured by his conditions. To show how far the consciousness and will of the individual had been sapped, or warped, or otherwise deteriorated, he imagined cases in which either the consciousness was awakened, and the crash came in the shape of a rupture of social and family ties thus held to gether by a petrifaction of habit, instead of by the exercise of an intelligent will actuated by a living morality ; or he imagined cases in which the sub servience to habit was carried out to its fullest extent, with similarly disastrous results. Or, again, he invents a situation in which the awakened consciousness realises what it assumes to be an immoral situation, seeks to break away from it by a breach of that very conventional morality which custom had sanctified, and finally escapes from that danger and sanctifies the original situation by a free and unhampered exercise of individual respon sibility. As throwing light on the philosophy of his work the drama that develops this situation is perhaps the most valuable of all that Ibsen has given his admirers. The piece is known as ' The Queen of the Sea.' Wangel's wife Ellida is divided between her duty to her husband and her attraction to a stranger. She justifies the attrac tion in argument with her husband by pointing out that she did not enter his house freely. She was helpless, and bewildered, and absolutely alone, and Wangel came and bought her, she says ; and she proposes that the two should of their own free will release each other. Her husband states his duty to protect her from the stranger, her duty to him and her step-children, and his legal right to detain her. The stranger's suit is about to succeed when Wangel waives his legal authority, and re fers the whole matter to Ellida' s sense of indivi dual responsibility. She selects the path of duty, and the conflict is over. Her loyalty to her hus band is no longer a slavish habit cemented by law, but a matter of free choice and free will. It might be argued that this is what the marriage ceremony was intended to make the marital union in the first instance ; but, apart from that issue, the situation is really the complement and companion-one to that disclosed in ' A Doll's House.' Had Ibsen intended, as some of his crazed admirers insist he did mean, to formulate an attack on marriage alto gether, teaching all dissatisfied women to take the course his Nora Helmer took, ' The Lady of the Sea ' offered a good opportunity to repeat the lesson. Here is a woman with stepchildren, the victim of a loveless marriage, face to face with a real lover. Her husband consents to let her go free. According to Ibsen's silly admirers she should have gone as Nora went. But the drama- tist was not arguing against marriage, or in favour of the denial of duty in the face of impulse, or any of the foolish things the pseudo-Ibsenites contend for. He was trying to show that duty should be done from a sense of responsibility, and not by surrender of the habit-drugged will altogether. Virtue itself, as the etymology of the word shows, means no more and no less. The moral of Ibsenism is, not the overthrow of social habits and the denial of the moral code that holds society together, but the necessity of perme ating these by an intelligent will and sense of per sonal responsibility. Man is not all effete, or woman all enslaved ; but both would be the better if they were not so much creatures of habit. For habit is stagnation, and changing times and changing circumstances may transform a good habit into a bad one if it has lost its elasticity and adaptableness. Of course there are rules of life and moral codes which are founded on something higher than passing convenience, and there are laws of the physical and spiritual life of the race. The habit of well-doing on these lines is not so common as to call for any very energetic protest. The habits that Ibsen has set his lance in rest against are those conventional usages of society that em body its hypocrisies, its compromises, and the false codes of morality it justifies and adopts. As his Dr. Stockmann says : 'A normally constituted truth lives, let me say, as a rule, 17 or 18 years, at the outside 20 years, seldom longer ; but truths so stricken in years are always shockingly thin.' F. J. D. 