SPORTING. A telegram r eceived just as we are going to i press statos that Stanbury won tho champion boat race with M*Lean to«day; Benzon has been allotted 10SC 41b ; in :thb Doniliquin Riverino Cup. : Pioty has -' boon scratched for all her Show engagements, and Maltcca has boon withdrawn j from the Untried Stakes. . ! It is a curious tbing that last year Carbine's I chance was denounced by evory sportiog scribe, 1 aud every. ono connected with sporting., from the moE. at tbe top of tho Jaddor right down to tho 'meanest stablo boy in the land, This timo. nearly, all of them in thoir remarks 'bar' that great eqoiuo wonder Carbine, and not a ecribe has dared to be heretical enough to assert that anything in tho race will-be able to put the old hero down, notwithstanding tho crushisg impost of 10it' 121bs which he ie) asked to carry. Walter. Hickinbotham, how* ever, whoso opinion should bo worth some thing,. says that .thero is nothing in the race but Vengeance, tbo last Caulfiold Cup winner,' who -has .been-alloted 8*t lllbsi Ho adds, though, if tho, old fellow ris :fit as , when he waltzed homo two lengths in frout of High born last year he will tako every ounce out of Venceance.' ? .- r r Tom' Lees' advent into our ' midst has Bet the .fistio world agog,' and it is probable. that before long two of : oar local boxers will meet to decide a long talkod of boast of eu'premacy.. A iurf writer in the^ Referee says Benzon, tho aptly-named' brother t? The Plunger, has boen sold by Mr. James Redfearn to an up country sportsman, whoso namo has not been disclosed, Bonzon was some time ago con sidered & greit hocso, ? but he -has proved a: disappointment, being excoeoingly hard to train. The stable have evidently a bettor one in M&lvolio;, or they would not have disposed of Benzon, ! Th * Referee writes :— Jt frequently happens that good Bires'fiud thoir way into the back: blocks, where they are debarred from showing their qualities owing to the lack of being mated with first-class mares. Tho doings of. the get of Sunriso aro' worthy of illustration,; as will bo soon from tbe^followJng remarks:—' Sunbeam, by Sunrise, by his -yictory in tho Flying Handicap at Bourke Jast. Wednesday has, we presume, just - about cleared himself.1 It is only a few week since Messrs' Wilson and Co. bought him from Mr. Kelly, of Junee, for -£150, and. as ho wao heavily backod by;his | owner he is, no doubt, a cheap horse, and a , good one. This horse was entered in the I Newmarket Handicap, and had 6st 71b9» ' .If he had gone to tho post fit and well he must' 1 have had a big show. It Js said he ran a eix : furlonglgo in a shade under lmiu l&sets;, quite 1 Butiiciont to -justify Mr, Kelly entering him in | the big sprint event. ?_ Sunrise is .the sire of Sunbeam, Bel Giorno, Greenwich, the winner , of the Adelaide Farowell Handicap, and quito a score of other good ones.: He is said to get i racors from all sorts of mues. Myrtle II, , who ran third in the Grand National Hurdle { Raco at Raudwick, is by Sunrise, from . a harness mare. If this mare had been \a any condition she must havo won. Considering j j she only arrived by train the evening beforo, tho race, after a journey of over 300 miles, i all a /IS/1 nnf. on Kn/1 ♦ n run nhftr* khn (?l'H Wo thiuk if some of our leading breeders werei 1 to eend a fow good mares to Suuriie they j would be:woll ropaid in a very short time, as nil his stock' race woll sb two-year-olds/ San- j rise is by Robinson Crusoe, from Sunshine, : and consequently full brother to Soxtant, j holder ??'of ' the. record for halfia miU in New Zealand. Ho is the property of Mr; M, H. Devlin, .who lives noar Wagga. . A Sydney sporting writsr asks ' Can any ono outside of a lunatic asylum oxpoct High born to have a chpnce ot 9«t I lib., taking publio running as a guide? Nob -oxactly Carbine boat tho Warwick Farm horser easily ! lust yoar, and earrled usarly half a- hundred weight moire.':: If Highborn hss'nt the slight est ghost of a , .chance . of winning . the Cup.; which on paper certainly does'nt look likely, the raco should bo a gift for Carbino, as High born during the last season has undoubtedly proved himsolf to bo tho bost woight-for-age, horse of the year. And this goes further to show tho magnificonco of Carbine's perform ntcos in tho last Cap, when he gavo tho sococd horse something like 3at. Mon that ought to know, however, assert that Dread nought, if he rotains his tbroo-year old form, will havo little difficulty in putting the cham pion down, Frbd Drew, tobacconist, Lachlan- stroot, Hay, has doubles and . etraight-oot on the comiog Show Moating, Bost prices tu the markot for all events— doable or eiogle. Advt.) 