' A . STAGE GHOST. In tho course of thirty yearn* experience os an actor and manager in the provinces, I have hod some curious adventures, hut never one eo utterly beyond iny powers of comprehen sion as an occurrence which took place at tho Theatre- Royal. Woolford, just boforo Christ maa 1872. I have often related tho dotails of thi9 matter to my frionds, and it wub talked of freely at the time. Of course, every man who heard it hod a theory of his own wherewith to aooount for the incident which I could not possibly account for; neverthe less, none of these thoories ever satisfied me, and I am as much mystified to-day about that strange affair aB I was the day it happened, now eighteen years ago. Woolford, as most people—at least people of my profession—aro awaro, is one of the mqst important theatrical towns in England, ana its Theatre-Koval ia visited week after week by -tho leading touring companies. Eighteen years ago, however, it was the habit of somo companies to remain in a largo town lor more than a week, and it was in acoordanoo with this praotico that tho com pany -of which I was a member stayed at woolford for tbo three weeks preceding Christmas 1872. Wo were a strong com bination, and daring our stay in tho place gained much applause for our presentation of Bhakcspeareanplays, a selection of which wo put forward 'with exceptionally good mount* mgaud accessories. There wero three persons in our company who excited my interest in an unusual deurco. The first was our leading lady, Miss Helen Lattimcr, a vory handsome clovor woman, who was as charming off tho stago us on it She was a good deal above tho ordinary run of octresaos, and looked upon her work with that finn enthusiasm which always fends to success. It was a great thing for hercbances in tbo profession that she had becn exception ally well educated, and was thus able to givo effect to passages in tbo great dramatist's works which an ordinary mind would have found it difficult to understand. She worked vory bard, and dovoted several hours a day to study, with tho result that when she repre sented ono of her favourite characters yon quite forgot Miss Holeu Lattimcr, and thought only of Juliet or Ucsdemona or Pordila, as tuo caso might bo. Miss Luttimer, in fact, had already achieved the great dis tinction of submerging herself ia the character which she ongagod to present. Tho second person who attracted my notice was our leading tragedian, Mr Edwaid Bovillo. Ho had coino into tho company under samowhat mystcrijus circumitauccs. Nono of us know him as an actor; ho hud oertainly not gouo through tho mill, as most of us had; uud yot ho proved himself very speedily u most finished artist, and rapidly rose from a minor position to the ono ho occupied at Woolford. Oar manager, if ho know anything of Eovillo’s history, carelully refrained from skniiog tho knowledge with us, and wo therefore invented a story for ourselves to tho effect that Bovillo was a peer iu disguise who was acting for amusement. That uo was a gentleman wo bad no doubt. Ho had all tho rnannors and tono of tho flooictv which wo usually call oristoorntic, and it was palpably ovident that he had been educated as only public-school and university men uro. Ho was always kind and sociablo with tho rest ot us; but we know wotl enough that lio was uotof us, and that under other conditions wo should not lmvo had intimate relations with him. Bovillo was a tall lmndsorao man of 28 or 80, and I often thought that ho and Miss Lattimcr nmdo a very fino couple. After ho , joined the company, Mias Luttimer and ho sttuck up a friendship which no doubt seumed to somo of us likely to develop into affection. They wero a great deal together, and they spent hours on tho stage rehearsing scenes from fnmous plnys, just for the love of tho thing, I think. But in spite of all this, I nover saw anything which led me to suppose Bovillo to bo in lovo with Mies Lattimcr. Ho was always ns respectful to her, in a formal uud somewhat hulf-distuot fashion, as lio was to tho other ladies, who, I. believe, wore half afraid of his “ swell” manners. There was ono person, howover, who thought that Bovillo was making lovo to Miss Lattimcr, and that was tho third of tho three persons who had excited my interest. Until Bovillo’s siuldon advent and rapid riso amongst us, Mr. Charles Melford had always of actors, and might bo said to have been born on tho stage. It was only natural that bo should very much resent tho way iu which our manager passed Bovillo over his head, and ho did not hesitate to express his resent ment, and to throw out hints about amateurs and stage-struck bwcIIs, and bo on. To this, howover, no ono paid much attention, for Bovillo was undoubtedly a very tine and oupablo actor, and well worthy* the esteem iu which oar manager held him. I had often thought that Melford was hi love with Miss Lattimcr. I had scon him watching her with an expression in his face which 1 did not like; I had seen him try to gain .speech of her and fail, at which times tho look would turn to cue of bullied anger. Ho was not a bad fellow when you came to know' him; bat his dark, somewhat sullen countenance did not inspiro nuy one with feelings of liking. Then,‘too, ho was moody and taciturn, and sometimes had ugly fits, in which it was almost dangerous to speak to him. I believe that old Simpson, our manager, would have got rid of him but for the tact that Melford wa< a thoroughly trained actor, and a very useful man in a travelling company. It wuh tho first week m Decombcr when wo opened at SVoolford, and we were to remain thereuntil tho -Oth, when tho thcatro would ho closed for a few days to allow of preparations being made for the annual pantomime. During the two or three weeks prceeaing our arrival at Woolford, matters seemed to have grown very strange between Bovillo and Melford, and moro especially betweon Melford and Miss Lattimer. On moro than one occasion I happened to come across Miss Lattiiner and Alelford talking together, and 1 fancied each time that she was in tears, whilo I was quite certain that ho was speaking angrily aud with a sort of peremptoriness that ho bad no right to assume. Two days after our arrival at Wwolford I overheard thc*o two talking in ono of tho dressiug-rooms, aud cauerht tho final words ■which were spoken by Melford. ‘ I shall stand it no longer : i’ll give you twenty-four hours, aud if you don’t spoak then, I shall!” Then ho went upbruptly away, and very i soon aftorwards I saw Miss Lattimer lcuvo I I tho theatre: and though sho hai a thick veil oi^ it wus evident to me that sho had beeu shedding tears. I wondered what it was tiiat Melford wishod her to spoak about, but finally decided that ic was nothing moro thau some grievance in rotation to business mutters, of which Melford, being a poovish man, always had a stock. And yet that hardly accounted for Miss Lnttimcr’s tears. How ovor, it was no business of tnino, and I tried to dismiss it from my thoughts. Our play that night was‘‘Romeo and Juliet,” with Mies Lattimer anil Bovillo as till) two ill-fated lovers, aud Melford in tho part of Tybalt. Tho occasion was somewhat out of tho ordinary, for tho Mayor and Aldermen of WooLford had given their patronage, and wore to bo present in full forco. When tho curtain went up there was hardly standing-room in tho moro popular parts of the house ; and by tho time wo hud reached tho hull-scene, and Romeo saw Juliut for tho first time, tbero was not a seat to be bad in stalls or boxes, for love or money. It scorned to mo that Bovillo was somo what agitated that night. I lmd seen him early in tho ovemug in conversation with Miss Lattimer at tho wings. Thoy wore not long together; but Melford saw them, and a fierce look camo over bis face. Ho wont away, muttering to himself, and I thought that wo should have trouble ere. long. Littlo did I guess how it was to coino. Wo readied tho sceno whero Tybalt, re turning to tho stage, is met and slain by Romeo. I stood ut tho wings watching, others of tho company standing near mo. Tybalt rushed on, aud was met by Romeo. I started to sco how real tho thing looked. Both men, Boville and Molford, glared at each other as if tho quarrel had been a real one affecting themselves. The duel com menced, the fencing Wia superb, for both inon were accomplished swordsmen. Ono of the men standing by my aide remarked how like a real fight it was. Suddenly, as in the stage directions, Romeo ran Tybalt through tho heart, and the lattor with ono glare round, dropped. Bovillo stood motionless for a second, gazing at his prostrate foe. A long sigh broke upon the crowded house, And then all of a Budden, one of the girls stauding at tho wings shrieked aloud and pointed to a stain that was rapidly crimson ing the boards. The duel had been no acting; it was real, and Telford lay there dead ! I hnvo only a confused recollection of what followed. Thoro was no moro noting that night, and the streets were Boon full of a crowd talking of the awful mischance that had just taken place at tho Theatre-Royal. For mischance it could be, and nothing olse. By some dire mistake, Bovillo had used a buttonless rapier. At the crucial moment, he said,Molford slipped, and the weapon, in stead of passing between body and arm, had pcnct.ated liis heart. Of course'there was an inquiry and on inquest and so on; but everybody Beemed agreed that tho whole thing was a terrible accident, and no blame waB attached to Boville. Melford was interred, and in a day or two the matter was treated like the pro verbial nine days* wonder. But Boville went about looking very pale and haggard—a great contrast to Miss Lattimer, wno some how seemed to havo rooovered her spirits, For a week after the acoident the theatre was closed and when we re-opened, Bovillc's namo was not on the bills, the manager con sidering it advisable that lio should not appear for a while. Consequently the dntieB of leading man devolved on me, and hard work I had during tho next fortnight. However, I acquitted myself so much to tho satisfaction of old Simpson that he set apart tho last night of our stay at Woolford for my benefit. Now, I had always a desire to play Romeo, and X was all the more anxious to appear in that character on my benefit night bccauso Mibb Lattimer wns an incomparable Juliet. I talked the matter over with Simp Wo were loth dubious about the pro priety of* producing the play again so soon after tho fatal accidont; bat we finally decided upon doing fo, and thobills were got out. I was anxious that Bovillo Bhould sup port ino, and prevailed upon him to take the , part of Tybalt. Hcshivered slightly when I named tboparttohim, but finally consented on condition that an assumed name should go down ou tho bills. The night came; I hud a full house and a splendid roceptiou, and Miss Lattimor was in magnificent form. Tho early Fcenca went off admirably, and after tho balcony scene I felt so elated with my own success ns to havo visions of a great career in tho metropolis. Boville, on tho other liaud, was gloomy npd under a cloud. “ Tom,** sho said, comin&to; moat the wings, “something is going to happen to me to X looked at him in amazement. He shook his head. “Something will happen to me to night,” ho repeated. “ I know it. I feel,” ho said in a lower voice, and looking round him,—“Ifeel that something is haunting me.” “ Nonsense !” I answered. “ You’ro out of sorts, Boville. Tho Christmas jollities will put you all right.” * You'll see,” ho said, aud turnod away. The scene soon came whoro I, as Romeo, eueouuter the fiery Tybalt and slay him. As I stood awaiting Bovillo’s approach. I suddenly became nwuro of a etrango coldness that scorned to spread itielf all round me. Tho words, ‘ Here comes Ujo Cory Tybalt back again.* foil on iny ears unheeded. I aaw Boville advancing. And then—I felt a cold touch on my hamd, and a voice—Molford’s voice —whisper: “ Not you, Tom.” I felt myself held as iu a vice, and saw anothor Romeo glide past me sword iu hand. I caught a glimpse of kisfuco—heavens ! itwoBMclford came buck. I heard tho rapiers clash to gether and stood spell-bound. 1 heard a voice behind mo whisper: “ Go on, Tom—go on,” and nover moved, I wns watching something that no one in that house saw except myself. There they stood, tho living man Bovillo, and the ghost Molford, fightiug. Suddenly, Molford?s rapier went home, and Bovillo loll. I fainted and droppod on the When I camo round, it wns to hoRr of a tragedy. Thoy said that Bovillo advanced transfixedT* Bovillc’s faco suddenly assumed a ^horror stricken expression: ho throw up his arms and dropped — dead. Hourt-dhouse, tho doctcrs said. I told iny story afterwards, and got laughed at. But whatever tho truth of tho matter may he, and whatever was tho ualuro of that strange socrec shared by Miss Latti mer and tho two men, I kuow boyoud question that iny pluco as Romeo was assumed for a minute by tho spirit of Charles Melford in order tint ho might wrouk his vencreanco on the man who hud murdered him three weeks beioro.— chamber's Jsmnsl. 