ISS LAPHAM'S JAPANESE SILK. A PARTLY TRUE STORY. By h. h., in Harfe&'s Bazaar. {Concluded'from our hst.) They all said it was a miracle, but it was not. It was the farthest possible from a miracle. It wag the work of a law as plain as the multiplication table; but that ia neither here nor there in this story, except that being, as I say, cured, and in a healthy frame o£ mind, when he came to unpack treasures he had had stored away in Sail Francisco for two years, keeping them for some body to whom he could now never give them, he decided to make presents of them all to his cousins, and the very first things he gave away were these Japanese silks to Florence. He and Florence had always been so fond of each other that everybody expected them to he married, until George went to college, and, it was said, had become entangled with the daughter of a boarding-house keeper in the town where the college was situated—a most unfortunate affair, which had been wound up, nobody knew exactly how, just before George's health broke down. But now he was all right again, and to be seen here, there, and every where with his handsome cousin Florence, and all would undoubtedly turn out in the end as everybody had prophesied four years ago. George had come back to New York, and this very party at which Miss Florence would wear the Japanese silks was given in honor of his return. What Florence Lapham thought about it all, what was in her mind as she planned and devised the toilette, nobody knew but Miss Florence herself, and she never told, for the best of reasons, as will be seen. I was a little past four when the procession set out from Milly's door, Milly and Jenny each bearing a big box, and Eobby trudging by their side with the block of wood. As they got into the horse-car everybody looked at them, and wondered what that little boy could be carrying that big block of wood for. But Hobby did not mind. He was full of anticipations of seeing the mocking- bird which Milly had told him was in a cage in Miss Florence's room, and often sang while was there. They soon reached the house, and •was shown upstairs where Miss Florence was impatiently awaiting them. " Be quick! be quick!" she said, " It is long past four o'clock." In a very few minutes the gown was out of the box, and in a frw minutes more Jenny had laid aside her Bhabby clothes, put on the rich dress, with one of Miss Florence's own embroidered petticoats under it, and stepped up on the block of wood •which made her precisely Miss Lap ham's height. The dreBs was faultless. Walking Tound and round Jenny, turning her head from side to side as if she were a wooden lay figure, Miss Lapham scrutinised every part of the costume, and had nothing but approbation to give. " Keally, Milly," she exclaimed, " it is lovely. Madame Gullail never made anything prettier. You shall make all my new dresses this spring." " Thank you, Miss Florence," said Milly, warmly. " I'll do my verv best to have them all perfect." " What a shame she isn't as tall as I am, so I could see her walk a few steps in it!" said Miss Lapham, her eye resting on Jenny with no more consciousness of her being a living human being than she would have had if she had said of a wooden frame, *' What a pity it can't walk across the floor." Jenny colored, but remained silent. Milly recollected afterward that Jenny had not once opened her lips in Miss Lapham's presence. " Couldn't she hold the dress up in front so that she could walk in it and I could see the sweep of the train ?" said Miss Lapham. •' Try, Jenny, " said Milly. And Jenny stepped down from her wooden 1 block, and, lifting the front of the skirt in both hands, walked toward the door. "There isn't room in here," ex claimed Miss Lapham. " I want to see the gown at a little distance. ' Come across into our sitting-room ;" and she threw open her bedroom door, and led the way across the broad hall. The Misses Lapham were luxurious young ladies—as there was no reason i why they should not be—and had on the same floor with their bedrooms a large and beautifully-furnished sitting room, to which their own intimate friends were in the habit of coming at all times. Closing the door and seating her self, Miss Lapham said to the lay figure, " How walk slowly up and down the room." Jenny obeyed. Spite of the holding up of the skirts in front, the effect of the train was good, and the long hanging sleeves Bhowed well. Miss Lapham was delighted, and gazed almost dreamily at the slow moving figure. For the first time she noticed Jenny's face. " That girl is very pretty," she said, in an undertone, to Milly. " She's as good as she is"—"pretty," Milly was about to reply, but she did not finish her sentence. " Hullo, Florry!" came in loud, boisterous tones from Miss Lapham's brother Tom, bursting open the door wit h a vehemence which sent it against the wall. " Here's George." Miss Lapham shrieked in comical dismay, am' sprang to catch the door ! as it swung back. " Go away ! Tou can't come in bore." 3t was too late. George Baylies was close behind Tom. At tliat very sound, Jenny, at the further end of the room, had turned to walk back. In the next second had come from George Baylies's lips a cry which none who heard it ever forgot. "Jenny! oh, Jenny!" And in another second Jenny, with a strange stare in her eyes, had fallen—" sunk," I as Milly said afterward, describing the scene to her mother—" sunk ri«ht down till there wasn't anything but a pile on the floor, just a pile of the silk and things, and Jenny's face white as death in among it." Not the most practised litterateur could ever have described the scene from first to last so well as Milly did —honest, hearty, little Milly, who had a few times in "her life been to the theatre, and who had read hundreds of romances in the story papers of the day, " I never saw anything so perfectly beautiful—never!" she said. " There was Jenny in a dead faint on the floor, and Miss Florence's dress all messed up under her, and that splen did-looking wan down on his knees lifting up Jenn37's head and calling to her, and calling to everybody, * Oh, get water,' and ' Bring salts,' and I Can t somebody do something for her ?' and Miss Florence for the first j minute standing stock-still, and look ing first at Jenny and then at the gentleman, just her haughtiest way ; and then she got softer, and she said, * Who is it, George ?' just as loving ; and he looked up at her, and says lie. ' Oh, Florry, it's Jenny!' as if that let her know any better. And right into the midst of it Bobby came run ning in at the door, calling to me, ^ Milly! Milly ! come, hear the mock ing- bird sing; he's singing splendid.' If ever I wished a child in the sea, I wished Eobby Jones there that minute. Oh, there never was any thing in the theatre half so nice, nor in the best story ever lread. It was just splendid. The gentleman he dashed the water over her, right on to the gold brocade, just as if it wasn't anything but a cotton nightgown. I saw Miss Florence try on the sly to wipe a little of it off with her hand kerchief ; but it wasn't anv use. I made up my mind the gown"was done for as soon as I saw them give him the hartshorn bottle. 'Twas a shame, too —such a brocade !" Of course the story ends here, but as stories always have to be finished after they are done, it is in order to relate, in as few words as possible, that a carriage was called, and that Milly Jones and Eobbie Jones and Jenny and Mr. George Baylies all rolled away in it, Jenny still white and trembling, but with heavenly happiness in her downcast eyes, and George Baylies gazing at her, and holding her hand in his, and talking U, her, and not minding Milly and ixobby any more, as Milly told her mother, "than if we'd been deaf, auR*b, and blind." And when they reached Milly's house, and Milly said, " .Now, Jenny, you must come in and stay till you feel better," Mr. Baylies had lifted his hat to Milly, just as if she " had been a queen," she said, and spoke in such a lordly way " ^hank you, Miss'.Milly, but Jenny will be better at home. I shall go home with her. and not leave her till she is well again. Where shall I tell the man to drive to, Jenny ?" How poor Jenny shrank and hesi tated to give the name and number of the miserable home where she and her mother were fighting their poverty! But it was of no use now. She had met her rightful master, and never asram would a false scruple. come be tween them. For it had been nothing else which had separated them three years before—a conscientious deter mination on Jenny's part, when she and her mother suddenly found them selves penniless, not to be a burden on her lover, who she well knew was not rich. " He must not begin life with two to support," said Jennv; and she wrote him a letter so worded that he could not but infer that her feelings had changed toward him. Then she and her mother had dis appeared, leaving in the little village where they had lived no trace by which they could be followed ; a brave, foolish thing such as women are for over doing, and many a time since •Jenny s heart had been sick with mis givings lest it had been wrong. But she thought George would have written if he had cared ; so he had written a letter, which would have changed everything, perhaps, if Jenny had got it, but she never did. It went nobody knows where, and the hopes and the happiness of two hearts with it; and George broke down and went on the voyage ; and Jenny kept up, and went on sewing at Millv Jones s ; and the Japanese silk and brocade went to Miss Florence Lap ham, on their roundabout way to Jenny at last; and it was because Jeuiiy knew that the I«aphams were cousins of George Baylies that she was on the point of refusing to go to the house to try on Miss Florence's gown for her ; and if she had—oh if she had, what then ? Who can tell ? Iue Japanese silk would never have been her wedding-gown, which, as things turned out, it really was. It had not been ruined, after all, and in another box of George's was more of the gold brocade ; and when Florence i-apiiam, having heard the story gracefully made the best of the situa tion saying to her cousin, "I r^nlly Tour Pretty Jenny ought to V.a^c that eown. George : don't you ? —would she mind, do you think, my sending it to horr"—George had exclaimed*. "No, indeed! and I'll make her be married in it. That's the thing to do. I'd never have found her ereept for that gown." Jenuy, remembering how she herself had planned and made the flowing sleeves to the gold brocade, and how, as she stood on the wooden block being turned round and round for Miss Florence's pleasure, her heart had been fuller and fuller of the memory of (J-eorge Bayiies, till she looked up and saw him, or his ghost, coming toward he?-, and how, when she came to her self, one of her first thoughts was, " Oh dear! I have ruined Miss Florence's gown !"—Jenny was super stitiously glad of the gown, and held it in such tender regard that she would never have it altered. She wore it for years and years, as one may a gown that is of true artistic fashion. And now it is packed away, to be handed down in the Baylies family, and it will be Jenuy's grand-daughter that, some day in 1900, will be dancing in Miss Lapham's Japanese silk. 