THE DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR HEADS "I would 'give a million dollars for a stomach," said a wealthy American recently. Now, a million dollaro (£200,000) is a deal of money, but he swas not able to .buy the article even at'that price. Mr. Thomas Gaskin, of No. 3 Poplar Row, Darley Abbey. near Derby, is not so rich as mary. being a gardener, but he was ready enough to give all he had for one thing le I hadn't get. lere is his story, and he shall i tell it in his own way. - Mr. Las'kin goes on to say: ' jUp to eight years ago I had never last an hour's work through sickness. lit Decembler, 1882, whilst living at Beeston, nicar Nottingham, my appetite fell away ; I had dreadful paini after' eating, atbad taste in oy mouy mth, which would fill with. water and slime. the latter so thick and sticky that I' often had to remove it with myinjgers. 1 My chest used to ' fill up,' and myYthroat would swell so that I couldn'tbutton my t shirt at the neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly a yellowish-green phlegm. I had a racking cough, and would cough and strain till I bhed at the nose. and the blood rushed out of my ears." I became exhausted and short of breath aild had to call the doctor, and was in bed fire'or six weeks. " I then wet as out-patientto the Notting ham Hospital, auid after attending there .fot i sis,.montbs was very little better. I got so thin that I waslike a ghost walking about, ; and my friends said it was all up with me: ] For eighteen months. I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the doctors recom mended me to try a change of air. So I came to- Darley Abbeyr and 'my fori?er ' master gave me an irndor recommendation to'.' the Derbyshire Infirma:ry, Derby,. I' fbund. however, that all the beds in the hospital were full,'and I saw my club doctor aind also two doctors at Derby.' The fiist 'oie-ad,- CTO"YeuaO--in s gallopingg :eons .1 sumption, and must die' ;the other d'l tors I after sounding my. lungs' and chest -said I nothing, but shook their heads. "Getting a trifle better my old master ] allowed me to do what little I could in his gardens and grounds, and some daycs 'I worked a little, and then would be away for a few days. Things went on like this until December, 1888, when I. caught cold, got very short of breath, and broke, down, com- a pletely. I was always ,coughing and spitting a up phlegm, sometimes a; much as aitea-cup- t ful at once. and was afraid to'go, to, sleep: for fear the phlegm would choke me. At this; time the whites: of my eyes turned yellow, 'and my eyes' were bloodshot. 'My lips and mouth were dry and parched, arid I.often broke ontiinto a cold; clammy sweat; My' tonguewas like a piece of brown leather, aniid I could keep nothing down. 1 lost over a'stone weight in three weeks. - "I managed to get up for a few hbours at a time, but was so weak I had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, and, sitting or lying, was never at' ease, and 'got no real rest. Too weak. to read, I often sat for hours. looking at' my hands--nothing but I skin and bone, and was sa nervous I couldn't bear the least noise, and the children at clar quite upset me.' - , "lThe doctor kept on attending me, but he said. 'I can do you'no good;. I can onily patch you up,' becausteyour lungsare dis. ised.' I then gave over taking his medicine, a and tried everything :I 'could hear of; One thing was a congh cure from Londond that cost 22s.- a bottle. But nothing did any good, and my friends who caine to see me said, 'Well, you won't cough much longer, you have merely. to prepare for another world." "About the middle of Mareh,' 1889, a neighbor named Joseph Tatham,,whowoorks in the paper mills at' Darley Abbey, said to me,.' Tom, did you ever try Mother. Seigel's Syrup t? and told me how he had been cured after.being in the hospital. "He spoke so much inI praise of this medicihe I. sent my wife to Derby raml got a bottle at Mr. Smith's Stores. in iectoria street. After the ( first dose I'had'an evtacution blick as ink, I and vomited. Then I fell. asleep,'and;-felt? rested when I woke. After. takingthe mc li, citie for threedays my breathing got eiaier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I was able to go,out for a shortswalk. By .the,end 'of a;fortnight I wesntto see my master, whoiasked what haid wrought thu ifiiprremefit, 'and I told him, as I te]l everyone, that Mother Seigel's Syrup had saved my life. I commenced work at once; and have never lost a day's work since. S."Of course my strength did not return all at once,ibut after, taking Seigel's Syrup forsix months I was strong as ever in my life; and have continued so ever since." In giving his consent to the publication of this remarkable statement, 'Mr.- Onaskin iequests us to refer all doubters to him or. to Mr. Keetley, head gardener, Dirley Abbey. who is acquainted with all the facts alleged. Mr. Gaskin has lived at' Darley Abtbey 22 years, and bears an excellent reputatiou. owt what was the complaint from which he suffered N? ot galloping consumption, certainly (as one of the doctors thought), or lie would have galloped into his grave in less than three months, instead of growing worse for seven years. His compllaint was chronic inflammatory dyspepsia (or cironic gastric cntarrb), which has luing symptoms like consumption. for which it is so often ignorantly mistaken and wrongly treated. When the right renimly, .otoher Seigel's Syrup. was used, the dis.ase yielded. as all dilses of the digestive tract do yield to that neagificect prelaration. We healrtily cougmratnlte Mr. Gaskin on his recovery, aldt conmelld the f~cts of his ease to all thinking lesuple. 