THE YILGAUN RAILWAY ? ROUTE. ??;. ; A TOUE THEOUGH THE EASTEEN DISTRICTS. i ?- (By our Special Correspondent.) ?. ? : '? x.. ? . ?/. ;?? . During my stay in Newcastle I heard several complaints in regard to -the rail way freights, which are regarded as excessively heary and crushing to agriculture, espec ially in conjunction with the present coat of labour. As regards railway accommoda tion} that at Newcastle is of the most prim itive and insufficient character. There is no nroteclion at the station (?) for passen gers or their belongings ; the shed accom modation is very inadequate, and I gathered from a conversation with Mr. Leedef, the Mayor, that the trade of New castle with the goldfields was considerably hindered, not to say restricted, by reason of there being no lifting means or crane which has been repeatedly promised by the Eailway Department, but as yet without any signs of the promise being fulfilled. Half the produce sent to the goidfields by way of Northan, said Mr. Leeder, was from Toodyay, but, he added, Mr. Throssell was too wary to let this appear in Ihe returns he was in the habit of publishing in the columns of the press. In conse quence cf the lack of loading appliances the merchants of Newcastle were com pelled to Send their stuff to Northam and oad up there. At that moment he, Mr. Leeder, was just about sending to the field 348 fat sheepi and they would have to travel 76 miles in one stage without water. For this he, in a large measure, blamed the Eoads Board. Although they bad not had much money to work on, still they could have done more than they had. As regards the route of the railway, he agreed that it would be beet to send it by way of New castle- as Mr. Connor had contended. A pleasant expenenee was a drive with Mr. Stewart and Mr. Madden- to Messrs. Bull & Stevens' vineyard, and to a most ro mantic spot called by the appropriately romantic name of Hawthornden. Probably many readers of the Daily News have heard of the Avondale Vineyard, near Newcastle, and if they have not they seon will, for un doubtedly it is the largest and best in the colony, and secured the speeial encomiums of that eminent Titiculturist, Mr. Thornas Hardy, who a few months back visited the colony, and enquired into the suitability of its land for vine culture. Mr. ' Stewart is as good a driver as I have sat alongside in these districts, and his horses are a iriodel pair, so we did the short distance to the vineyard— about a couple of miles— in a few minutes. The vineyard _ is jusfc alongside the road, arid its extensive slop ing banks of vines, and the neat arid pretty red brick buildings present a pleasant ap pearance. We found the partners were both suffering from a severe attack of in fluenza, nevertheless 'they received us with cordiality, showed us everything; and gave us some .of their.wine as well as arefreshing cup of afternoon tea. All the buildings are built of brioks made on-the spot, the house being large and convenient, whiht the cel lars are the largest and best of their kind in the colony. They consist of twoflong chamber3,one above the other below ground, and both beautifully cool. They are. 60 feet long by 20 wide, and there was a good ly array of casks on either side, though most of the wine of the previous season had been disposed of. We tasted two wines, the first a full-bodied,rioh Burgundy only need ing maturity to be the beRt West Australian wine I have tasted. For this there is a con siderable demand, and last season Messrs. Bull & Stevens turned out no Ies3-than 2500 gallons. Concerning this wine Mr. Hardy wrote tothemfroin Adelaide; and vol unteered the gratifying statement that of the wines he had tasted in W.A. there were nonehe thought equal to their dry Burgundy of last season. ' Mr. Hardy, who evidently took much interest in this vineyard, also kindly gave its owners some advice from the depths of his own experience, which should be of especial value to such, practi cal and energetic men as its recipients, who are wisely eager to learn from tho:e of wider experience than themselves.. The other wines which they make are Fontaine bleau and Muscat, the former a really ex cellent claret, and the latter a- sweet but highly palatable 'ladies' wine.' The ex tent of the entire holding is 150 acres,- of which 50 acres are under vines. The partners have had it in possession for about 20 years, for nearly tte whole of which time they have gone in for vine culture. In addition to wine-making they largely and successfully prosecute the raisindry ing industry, and they turned out last year about four tons of first-class raisins, which completely cut the imported article out of thekcal market. Ilearnedwithintarestthat this season Messrs. Bull and Stevens in tend to enlarge the sphere of their opera tions by purchasing grapes from adjacent growers, and thus turning out more wine of a cart lin characte ', with, at the same time, a better chance of its maturing. They fully agreed with me that what was wanted to make the vine-growing industry more successful here were fewer makers and a larger number of growers. I also, learned that the present prape season is ' so' far' a very good one and that with a few late showers to fillout the grapes it \ should be all that can be desired. Messrs. Bull & Stevens are extensive groweis: of 'other fruits than grapes, especially apples, or anges and peaches ; and the hundreds of trees I saw were boking very strong and healthy, and were positively smothered with fruit. From their orange trees alone they secured last season some 250 dozen of the finest fruit of the kind grown in the district. Avondale is already a first-class vinevard and carden, and its owner j con bemplate considerably enlarging iti '.but they are hindered in carrying out; this project because the land adj jining their holding is at present withheld from sale, owing to its being within the area of sel ection of the Midland Eailway. Messrs. Bull & Stevens are among the most pros perous settlers in the district of. Toodyay, and they have triumphantly demonstrated that vine and fruit-culture: carried on on a large and systematic scale can be made an eminently lucrative occupation in Western Australia. The drive to Hawthornden was exhilarat ing. Not so the inspection of that splen did but deserted property. Here there are 2900 acres of the finest land in the district, much of which has been cleared and iu cul tivation,— lying idle, whilst a really splen did mansion istenantless. Be it remember ed that this property is four or five miles out of Newcastle, and people will ask, a9 I did, why is it lying thus idle, deserted and fast going to ruin ? I remembered how splendid houses in the best parts of Lon don have lain idle and tenantless for years, on account of the rumour that they were haunted, but there is not even a respect able ghost at Hawthornden.The house itself is a large red brick, two-storeyed mansion, and would, in a state of repair, cut a good figure in Adelaide Terrace. Its chief rooms are spacious and well proportioned, the conveniences are great, and are such as characterise all modern well-ordered dwell ing houses, whilst the view from the upper balcony is positively entrancing. At one's feet is a large circular lawn, dotted with one or two noble trees and shrubs.' Beyond this is the low fringe of trees always betokening in these parts the bed of river, stream or pool; and forming a grand background is a lofty and rugged hill, thickly timbered. Behind the house is another hill, and on its slope is a vine yard, running wild, and watered by a beautiful and perennial spring. The out houses are very large, but oh, what a falling off was there when I saw them ! Stables for twenty to thirty horses, a fine wool- shed, and a big well-floored barn all going to rack and ruin from sheer disue tude. It was a sorry eight, and although ghostly tenants there are none I could not forbear a shudder as I walked from one empty room in the house to anoiher. The dust, the cobwebs, the echoes, and the creakings— all had a mysterious sound. Our voices went rattling round from wall to wall, from room \o room, and returned to us as if they were glad t* get back to us for company's sake ; and my feelings were distinctly subdued and mournful as we returned from the gloom and fusty odonr of the deserted house to the cheerful sunshine and fresh, air outside. It is a thousand pities to sae such a really beau tiful property lying idle and deserved, and I trust it will soon find a purchaser who will renovate it, and make goodiise of it. If is at pcrsent the property of Mr. Dau Connor, and I beliere he would gladly sell it. We drove back in the cool of the after noon and passed°a few'- pretty woll-kepu little farms, and I camo ro the conclusion that. Newcastle is a peaceful and 'apparent- ly prosperous rural spot. That it is ever Hkelv to become a large producing centre seems doubtful ; in fact ifc cannot be this until the present large uncultivated hold-* incs, which almost hem in the town are taken out of their present banns, and dis posed of to a number of small agricultur ists, who would be compelled to till then. As at Northam and in its surrounding district, I saw thousands of acres of virgin bush, and almost invariably I received the information that it had passed away from the Government years ngo, and was, at the best, merely used for depasturing ft few sheep. I am bound in the present condi tion of thinga to indulge in comparisons, and am free to say t hat for every acre of clearing I saw in the Toodyay district I saw five in and about Xork, and that signs of progress and prosp3rity were every where more abundant at the latter place. I found, too. at Northam that the old pernicious system of truck was not yet dead, and would take :a lot of killing, for certain men like power for its own sake aud do not always make the best use of it. Besides merchants would much prefer to have a number of farmers on theiv bsofcs whose indebtedness compelled them to accept their terms in stead of being forced to pay them a fair market rate. Moreover, in the former case the poor farmer would be compelled to take his payment in goods, and thus the store keepers would reap a double profit. 'Now when I say that this iniquitous system is dead and bu'ied in York but is very far from dead in Northam a statement, is made which can most easily be supported. The National Bank, and in a Iea-er degree that more conservative local institution, the West Australian Bank, is breaking down the system, but at the same time it is be ing clung to by some people with tho tena city begotten almost of desperation. It is, too, a striking fact that it was from the Northam District alone that was heard ; a little while ago the cry of State-aid for the farmers. Nowhere else did the farmers want aid, or at any rate if they did they were prepared to go to the proper sources for it. 