WHAT DID THE REFORMATION DO FOR ME? (By the Rev. John B. Mylins, M.A., Reotor of Elmdon, Wauwioks.! Most men take an interest in politics, and in the changes that take place in our country. This shows they love their country, and their freedom. You probably road what is going on in your weekly paper, but have you read about perhaps tho greatest change England has ever seen, which took place about 350 years ago? The Reform atiou altered everything in our country, and paved the way for farther changes, and also taught us God's will. It gave us : — 1\. The Bible. All true Ohristians believe the Bible to be God's word. By this we mean that " Holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost" (2 Pet. f. 21). But 80 late as 1500 there was no whole translation of it printed in English, audit was not till 1538 that it was sanctioned by , the King, so that, though the Bishops and Clergy tried hard to destroy it, we still possess it or can buy it for a few pence. What a great change that, was I Before, the Reformation men got their religion from their priests, and had to believe whatever they told them ; but now you' can see for yourselves what God teaches, and ban know whether your clergy man preaches and practices what Is written in God's Book, Remember, too, that every clergyman solemnly swears (a) that he believes all the Holy Scriptures, (6) that he will teach them to the people, and (c) that he will teach nbthiug as necessary to salvation but what may bo proved by them. So yon should search your Bible to make sure that you are tnughc that which is written there. When It was seen that the old Service Books were unacriptural,' it was decided to bring out what was the second blessing given by the Reformation. ; - 2._ The Prayer Book. Before it was brought out iu 1549 (not.exiaotly as we now have it), the Ser'yice was all in Latin. - There were prayers ;to the dead" and for the dead, prayers to the -Virgin Mary and to Angels ; and men were taught to worship the "host," that is the wafer oonseorated . at the Holy Com munion, as thongh it were changed into the very flash and, , blood of Jesus Christ! "Seven" saoraments were taught, though Jesus'. Christ "ordairied only two — Baptism and the Lord's" Supper". The Clergy were not allowed to marry. Men. were taught that the bloodpf Jesus Christ did not so cleanse from all sini-biifthat after death all but the very holiest' weht'for a time to a place of suffering called , Purgatory. These things were not quitb clearly abolished when the Prayer Book first came out, 80 in- 1552 it was revised so that none of these false doctrinos could even seem to be taught in it. If you look at our present Prayer Book, which was revised for the last time in 1662, you will find none of these, false doctrines taught there.. You will find at; the end, 39 Articles, and -these are what.brir Church teaches, and you should see.that your clergy teach only what tbeee lay down, from Holy Scripture, as God's truth. " 3\. Now, the third thing the Reformatioa gave us was " Liberty -of Conscience." We . do not mean by this that a man may believe what he likes and yet be safe for Heaven, but that we have a perfect right, or rather a clear duty, to go to the Bible in order to believe what is written there. . It is beoausa our Church teaches this that she gives us that ' collect (2ad Advent): "Blessed Lord, who hast caused all holy Scriptures to be written for our learning, &o.;" And the one for St. Peter's Day : " Make, we beseech thee all Bishops and Pastors diligently to preaob, Ac." Nothing is binding upon onroonsoience but what is taught in the Bible, for the Reformation bade us not shirk the obligation of searching to see what the Scriptures taught, but to use " the uandle of the Lord," i.e. our reason and our oonsoience. 4\. The fourth blessing the Reformation bronght was Prosperity. Roman Catholic couatries do not prosper like Protestant ones, for God has said " Them that honour Me I will houour." Look at Eugland and Ger many, and now look at Spain and Ireland, and see which are the prosperous pair. But you need a word of warning, for in our Church a number of clergy are teaching almost every doctrine taught by the Church of Rome, and yet are being paid by the very Church that swept them all away at the Reformation. Yon have power to say yon will not have it. At the polls yon can vote against n man who will encourage these errors. You can show your children what the Bible and Prayer Book do teaobj and oan' -tell them all the Reformation has done for England. And last of all, yon can join the " National Protestant Leagne," which triea to 'preserve tne pnrity of onr Ohnrch, and the religions liberty of onr nation. To join this lisagne, send yonr name and address, and Is., to Mr. Henry Miller, 14, Buckingham Street, Strand, London, and he will send yon a Diploma of Membership. 