SUMMARY. Cricket On the Park. ' N.S W. all out for 74. Englishmen on form will win. Graco snvs our boys have lost tlioir criokot. Rosehill races to-day. First event at half- past 1. Carroll, tho Congee outragor, will not be hanged. Lord Sheffield is to bo banqueted to-night at tho Australia. First forfeit for tho A. J.C. Summer Cup is due on Monday. Govtnly, tho Sytlnoy swimmer, wants to try a paddlo across Niagara. Mr. Black, M.L.A., addressed a meeting in We3t Sydney last night. New South Wales is down for " a doing " at the hands of the Englishmen. Bnurke election may ba taken as a warning to some of the labor candidates. The English cricketers field very well, but tlioir batting yesterday was poor. Mr. Griffin, until recently U.S. Consul for Sydney,- is dead from Blight's disease. The monument to H. E. Senrle. erected at The Brothers, is to be unveiled on Thursday. Tho V.A.T.C. is going to increase tho height of its jmnps on the steeplechase course. Mr. Waddell'H return for Bourko is now an absoluto eeitamty. His majority is reckoned at 200. The tailors are . firm in tlioir resolve not to terminate the strike on the terms of tho masters. Mr. Georgo Black says he will vote as the /"iflw.y Inlirip miinilMipa fin nn t'lin mnfmn rif censure. When' Andy Kelly's name was mentioned at Mr. Black's, meeting last night it was loudly cheered. ' Sara .Bernhardt'! birth certificate shows that she was born in 1844, and is.tho daughter of a Berlin Jewess. An English syndicate is formed to re purchase Ormonde, the banished English raco- liorsc, for £30,000. , " "Truth is trickery, and facts misleading statements in the opinion of . tho Opposition," says M r. Barton. Sir Henry Parkes does not think, much of the Electoral Reform Bill. Naturally. \ It is not tho olio ho prepared. , , , : , It is stated that Walter Hiclcenbothnm, will not train for Mr. Donald Wallace lifter the. A. J.C. summer meeting, . Mr. Bruce Smith charged the 'Government; with inflating tho expuiuUture for 1391. lie could- not provo the charge Mr. Pulsford is criticising' the tariff furthor. It is not generally, known that ho .is the financial authority of the D.T. Sir Henry Parkes severely oritieised tho Government at ICfaina. .He could do it there without fear of being corrected. Waiting for the trams on Thursday night the betting was three sillc tilos to an Andy Kelly in favor of 'the Government. An evening ' free-trade contemporary describes . Mr. Reid'B censure ' motion as a menu attempt to obstruct legislation. . Mr. E. De Mcstro is lying dangerously- ill at. liis place at Shoalliaven, and his condition is s'ncli as to causo his friends tho gravest fears. " I will not tell you how 1 intend to vote on tho motion of censure," said Mr. Black last night. "You're nqt game," sliciuted an elector. Unequalled:' Toohey's Sparkling Amber Ale. Look for the label oii hotel,'. Sir Henry at.ICiama last night spoke of ," a set ot persons called the labor party," and said he would not submit to their degrading dic tation. '" One ."honorable" membor of Parliament would get . into fewer squabbles if ha did not liave so much to say — or' thought a lot before lie.spoke. - "The policy of free-trado is dear to us," said Mr. Briice Smith; "It has been 'dear' to the people of this colony— too door," replied Mr. Barton. Mr. Bruce Smith referred to Sussex-street book-keeping. "There are men in Sussex- street who could teaoli you the A.B.O. of it," said Mr. Hogon. Mr. Bruce Smith blames the Under-Secre tary for Financo for .tho confusion which ex isted in the public accounts when the Govern-- mcnt took office." Mr. Barton's speech, in replv to Mr. Bruce' Smith, should bo read by everyone desirous of knowing how the country's accounts were kept by the late Government. An evoning paper says Now South Wales is advancing backward. This is impossible. Nothing can advance backward but a crab, and tliut goes sideways. Sullivan, the Now Zealand sculler, says that if Stanbury does not accept his challenge ho will claim the championship and go to America as champion of the world. Ministers wero compelled by the ponding motion of censuro to put off several deputa tions yesterday. The public know whom to blamo for the annoyance. George Beresford, lately manager of the Oyclornma Co., was yesterday brought up at' the Central and remanded on a charge of stealing moneys of tho company. 1 Tho Committee of Elections has decided that Mr. H. H. Brown has done nothing in his transactions with tho Government to prevent liis retaining his seat in Parliament. , The Full Court of Now Zealand lias decided that the Picturesque Atlas Co. cannot compel people to pay for tho workftinless it was de- ' livered in monthly parts, as promised. : Mr. Black says the ITur.LKTlN is more pro tectionist now than it was when ho was con nected with it. Mr. Archibald says it was always the same as at present — vigorously pro tectionist. Parkes says he has always retained pleasant memories of Kiamn. That is only natural. It was there ho raised tho notorious "ghost." And thero ho attempted last night to raiBo another spectre. Walter Sidney, of Newcastle, and Low, the manager, rvero arrested yesterday in connec tion with the Northumberland Banking Co. business. H'adfield and O'Neil were taken' later m the day. « On Mr. Reid s censure motion, an Opposi tion paper writes "It is now for tho House to say whether it will admit this mischievous delay in its legislative functions." Mr. Reid lias put his foot in it. The anniversary of tho Battle of Balaclavn, fought October 25, 1854, was commemorated as usual by a bouquet of the surviving officers, who dined together at Linnner's London Hotel, under the presidency of General Sir Edward Cooper Hodge. It is strange, but. perfectly true, that tho English paporn do not quote "from tho Sydney morning papers when referring to the state of New South Wales finances. Melbourno Annus is the authority in overy instance. Experience lias taught tho English editors bow reliable tho free-trado press of Sydney is. " Whon I was looking for Emin," said Mr. Stanley last night, "I exppcted to see a fine, tall, strapping fellow, like tho men of your Australian guar'J." What aro you giving us, Henry '! If you persist ' in this you'll bo banded ovor to tho Customs authorities for importing soft sor.p without paying duty on it. A man who had been for a long timo out of work, owing to a strike, was summoned to Worship- street (London) Police Court, for not sending his boy. "12 years old. to school. Ho said all the family had to depend on was match-box making at 2,d. per gross, and they had to find paste and string, the magistrate gavo him 10s. from the poor-box, adjourned the case for a month, and said ho would have the matter watched. The best place for an industrious man to make a home with the least money is at Sutherland, lllawarni line, 15 mik-H from Sydney. Eight trains daily, public schools, 99 years' "leasis, cheap rents, 34 acres good land for garden i, orchards, poultry, bees. &e.;, for 2i. 3d. per week. Fresh people are constantly coming. Send for pamphlet. Holt-Suther- lind Estate Land Co., 3 O'Connell-street, .Sydney.1' "Hidden Springs," by the late Dr. Vaughan, . Id. (post free). Finn Bros, and Co., 5815 Geo.ge-atreet.# When your watohes, clocks or jewellery want nt'uiistryR.B. Smith Sc Hansen, 1(5 Oxford-ac. Adam Bode, tho original promoter and only fai r way of d rawing. ' ' December, " December 5th, IS'Jl, 4000 at 10. Address, Adam Bede, e.o. Abbott, Post-office- chambers, Sydnoy." TattorsoH's Monster Consultation, Itose- Iiill December ; run December fitli. 10,000 at 10. Address Tattersall, care of G. Adams, Pitt- st. Tattersall's are the only; genuinely successful 