HIS ANGEL.' HENRY HERMAN. Atlhoer f "Scarlet Fortune.'" -" Eale Joe," l SJietr?en the Whiffs' " ALeading Lay,. ". Ir Old Virisi,' eta e. . . CIHiPTEi? VIII. (Cowrxlan.) The rest of the day was masked in red letters in the calendar of Mr. rurner's de- o bechery;." He determined to -celebrate his g popperons progress'nby getting as drunk as the d prooerbal lord, but there was.. a spice of win-. om in-his folly, for he made up .is mind to getthe full measure of his intoxication early.n the evening, so thathe might t able to aeep. off itseffects before his son calld the following day. The idea was no sooner oiaceiiveliian acted upon, ada dozen lords could not altogether be more inebriated than MIr. Turner was half an hour aft be-hd fairly started. - When the old ruffian was fitoxirlted, he was distinguished by three prominent characn teristics, the firt beingthe mad liberality with which he bought drinks for everybody with Sin sight; the second his animal craving for feimale society, generally of the lowest, the most degraded, and the most boisternus type; ad,thierdly, aspirit if fiery pugnaity, which inevtably resiulted in quarrels. The senile. debanchee.having had his full fling in spending lis son's allowance, and having surrounded himself with three damsels who were -quite as capable as he in the consumption of ardent iqsuors must needs get at loggerheads with a brawny, fair-haired, Swedish sailor, the result befog that he was in a trie eeverely kicked, badly brained, end obliged to fly for his life to nish bedroom, minus his frail ones, and minus a xedy'seuppl of whiskey. It is said that a special provedle6 watche over such unworthiy -dernnkardsas he; and in this case he fared indeed better than he deserved, for the excite aent and the drink c , ned resulted in his falling asleep and not waking till early next Fhi'e dawning day found e r. Turner rubbing hs lhack rulses, bht glad to discover that no hones were broken. A big gulp of whiskey teadied his shaking nerves, and after collect i"his' ite, he fel hreonlf ready to meet his The old roffan pretended tobeu sffering froem Sbad headache when the latter called. S"'e bin an' took a glas. too much last night, myboy," bhe said, " but I shan't do it agm. I guess it ain't soenasy to get seut of an old habit like that. I was stone tired last night. I'd bin hravin' a drned long walk np to?ns an' back agi. Long walks do me goad. An' I'ye. bin'. lookin'. for a man as I've bin wantinr to comeuso with for ever so long. - 've had a grudge agin him this many ayear, an' I want to get o the prairie withl him." ".Wbo is it" aslked youig Undeiwooa -csually. "Oh, .I guess yew don't know him,' answered the old villain, in his lest comedy style, keeping his coldly glittering eye fixed upon the young man. "It's aman that's done cms a mountain"of wrong. I don't.know as c?f've ever heerd o' my pardner, Joe Itobin son, Hell-fireJoe; he was a rough 'on, buthe -wsn't a bad 'en if yew knowed him, Waal, that man as I've bin a-wastin' to meethanged him, an' he would have hanged ,ei, I tell-yew, if he'd cotched me." "oI should have thought that this is Iof the sort of acquaintance you would care to meet nai'," retorted young Underwood, with a cold smile." " Oh, I've got my reasons." exclaimed Mr. TIurer. "Joe Robinso, had a daughter. She vas quite a baby when poor doe was lynched, but now I guess ehe'd be nigh on twosiy year old. The brut that hanged her father anrried her off, an' he's bin breu.gi' tler uD. a bh lwn dau~hter. but I won't have the gell kept ignorin' of her father's name." - " Where is the girl e" asked the young man, getting interestoe in his father'e recital. o"Who is the man i'" " I reckon yew-might have heard abont him" -answered the old man, looking fixedly athisson. "He's worth a pile. He's got an all-fired fine houe on Fifth Avenue. His name if Dan Kershaw." That bolt, to Mr. Michael Turner's blank dismay, went wide of the mark, and rettrned to strike-the ruffian's own head, like a misdirected boomerajng.. Hubert Underwood, lhis eyes' aglow with fierce resentment, with his teeth hard set and his fists clenched, turned his chair, and glared his father full in the face. "You have been following me," he cried with a quietintensity. "Confess it. You have been following me, or I may forget that' I am Sour son, and throttle you." The turn which the affair had ta?cn so took the old man by surprise that he could only stammer. . . - "I ain't done nothen.o I've got a right to take a walk if ciallntjhe?h - ,'deibst ieationd -"t'viol b'i teit1r for you to tell the oruth." Mr. Michael Turner took a convenientrefuge i an assumption of offended silence. "Well," continuea the young man, "since iou will not speak, I will confide to you what I hlave done. I naturally wanted to know how you came to New York, when you came, in what wise you came, where you came from, and I employed the time you occupied in dogging my footsteps by setting an inquiry agent to discover - particulars of Miche Turner's-Cheeseface Mike's-latest career.". Theold man's pale features turned a ghastly ashen atthat unexpected sally. - "The agent required onl two days,'-' the young journalist went on slowly and coldly, 'to discover that Michael Turner was, about three weeks ago, an inmate of the gaol at Cleveland, Ohio, having been condemned to a lengthened term of hard labour for theft and attempted murder in a house of ill-fame, He learied further that Michael Turner, together aith two other convicts, escaped from that prison during the sudden illness of the head gaoler, who, it has since been proved, was poisoned by accomplices, and that the Cleve. laod police are at this moment actively search ing for Mr. Michael Turner. Now. as a good citizen, it is my duty to inform the police of thewhereabouts of Cheeseface Mike, and by heaven I will do it if you stir out of this house another yard without my express permission, if you as much as whisper what you said to me just now to a living soul." "Y'ew'd have yewr father sent back to pris'n " hissedthe bafted scoundrel. "Waal, a fine thing it would be for all the world to read in thepaper that -r. Hubert Underwood the nice young gentleman, is the non of a thief." " Don't you lay the flattering unction to .oar sel that ynu canscre me with thastbogey. There would bs'no report in the papers abont yourarrest. I'd call n the firt policeman and give you intoe custody. There would be no trial, and if there were, Iwould only have to erplain my position to the news' editors, and there is ot a paper in 'ew York or the States -which would report the sme. I've got von by thethreat, and givryon the option to life com fortably on such reduced allowance as I will now ms-e you, or go beck to jail But I'll do Sny host to prevent you from harming those I care for, as sure as there isa God above us srho'll aibsolve mcif I curse and hate my own lather. N'ow do your damnedest at your ' Golly !" exclaimed the old villain, when his son hadleft the room. "He ain't the fool Itook him for. Imight ha' :knowed it," he added, nearly proudly, "he's my son." Ha was not long left in doubt for confirma lion of the suirrisian discovery thrtHnhiurtwas mot-thefool he had thought him to be, for less 'thanfive minutesaftcrthe close of their inter-I Sview,'the proprietor of thn Mala_.oa-cte. .e.v . -opened the bedroom door, andbsrelypattisg In.' •-. -ha-heam-wrt5O-thseemark,-'L Oh,. you're there : ;- call right, are you " clooed the doer ageas. " Themoment afterwards Mr. Turner heard \-- thekeytureedin the hoe.. --_,". - It would be neither desirable nor profitable here to record or imitate the avalanche of oaths end corers with which the cased scoundrel geeled this novel state of thiug.- He raved, and jumped, and danced op and down theroom likle a lunatic, tearing his sparse hair, and knocking his head against the wall in sheer insane fury- Having exhaustedhimself in such fntile rage, he flew to his habitual fountain of relief, the whisky bttlet; hut that was empty, and not a drop meld he wheedle orcoax out of it to moisten hie parched throat He ran to the bell and rang it violently, but obtained no response. Thereupon he com unenred to hammer at the door like a madman. -srreechiog and screaming, shouting himoell .lhoarae at the same time with the filthiest and .-rst loithsome language that ever defiled I s By-en.--y the heavy tread of the sawa t Froom door was opened. - Mr..Turner, by that time, was nearly speech. [ aess with frenzy. Ij "CYou're a doe old. vlllain," exclaimed the ] - lproprietor, standing there with arms erossed [ everhichest "L'd advie you to make less Insise if you don't want to get that ngly head o' r yours broken." g n "'Houw dare you lock me in?" roared Mr. [d, C'Dure'seered thellndlord withaluogi. d? '" rul dare lock you in again and g? St?an t. If it's got tobe, I'll g ;-ou,r e :ieyonuhandanfaoot. How wiiyouikethat, en ,.3oa old thief.?" aw Theaged- coundrel seould have fown st the |? ...propriiar'o s throat,hiad notithe latter's broad '.-, :-·.heet heinknod a forhiddin,- shtength. He : Y...' Pew've :got no right to luc`mo tn," .e tI, whined in- a sputtering eage. "It's.?,inthe h, law. It's gin the law." agnh h "Law i" was the contemptuousrepl he got. cx "I gum yao've had yeoar ·,o? .'," ol yh e , -aw2 ? ?dillgetitagain, nodohbt. I've lzot l yesntctieossfrom Mfr. Underwo You've v got to stay in this room until you'reo per- te: .~ittedtomiove. And more ttanthat. i ots ye drop of liquor will you get while you're here. Awi if yon makethe slligtestattempt toecap, de I'll have to take voit by the scruff of the neck, a aend run you outinto the street, and hand you over to the first policeman.: Now, which isit p to be?' -nis rage and. .diseco fituro. o-erporweied-tht white-haired rogue, and ho sat down on the ,bed and fairly blubbered. The landlord threw out an "I guess yon understand what you've 'gt to do now,' and-left the roen~locking the door behinn himss. : 7 CHAPTER IX.-". Ytou HAva BHEE. ME t FAzrIn." While the black thunder clouds df the ex posure of her father's shame were.rolling nearer and threatening Miss Angel's peace, the young lady wasin the happiest and busiestof -moods. An outfit had to be ordered, and for the first time in her young life Miss Kershaw took an interest-a greatinterest-in female I finery and milliner's artifeies. She considered that, in going abroad, she was leaving her country wnhich was her own home; and where she cmid dress as she pleased, for one where the foibles of ceremonious society had. to be t taken into account, and where a sop had to'bh thrown to the Cerberus of fashion, if she de sired to associate with people who were her s equals in station. She had shrewd common sense enough to understand that, whist in I Now York and the states, she was Miss SKeshaw of Angelica City, a personality whom Smost peopleo know, and who could afford to Sdress as simply sr as oddly a she pleased-in t Europe the customs and habits of society would have to be considered, and she would not be able, for instance, to go to a dinner party inher Sordinarywalking dress, without attracting ni Scharitable notice. i Much as she disliked-it, therefore, at fiat, i she had to hand herself over to the tender mercies of the fashionable dressmaker. But Opl.etite comes with eating, and whetherit was that the, enthusiasm of the modiste about gorgeous gowns, and mantles, and what not was contagicus, or that the young lady had o never really understood whit delightthe emale ny mind can find over the selection of materials, t. the all- important decisions anente ut andehaye, is and especially over that superlatively exciting occupation of trying on, Moss Angel's opinions Sabout frocks and frock-builders gradually, but surely, underwent a complete change, and she st was as happy over her newly discavered excite it meet as a child over anew toy. Miss Kershaw was closeted with her philo st sopher and guide, the fashionable milliner and dressmaker, deep in the study of theintricacies of the last Parisian edicts relating to frocks, when Hubert Underwood was admitted below, .an i immediately proceeded to thelibrary, where he hoped to find launiel Kershaw. The younig man was pale. His eyes wan d dered about the room restlessly, and his hands trembled. Mr. Kershaw happened to , be momentarily absent, and to the young jour nalist thefew minutes that elapsed before the millionaire entered the library appeared in terminable. The old pioneer at once noticed thepeca. * `liarly nervous condition of the usually so calm e and unexcitable young man, and immediately , faced him with the remark : d "Thar's somethin' gone crooked, boy, I know. What isit ?" " Mr. Kershaw," answered Underwood, " I io had intended, if possible, to spare you the it worry and annoyance .which are bound to arise from the disclosure I have to .make to oell, but matters have taken such a turn that . deem it my duty to tell you what has hap pened." ,, Hold hard," exclaimed the old man. "1 u guess what yew're goin' to tell me ain't as sweet as maple sugar, and if yew don't mind, SI'll alt down to it. Now; my boy," he con ,t luued,.seating hitnelf in his big armchair, :yew cin start, an' rud, au' receh an' have the whole length o' the road." . *" My father, the father of whom I have such reason to be ashamed,"' continued Hubert, tt with an anxious tremor thrilling in his voice, " is in New York. He has been in New York y for some days.' It was Daniel Kershaw's turn now to feel his nerves tingling with an unaccustomed trepi k dation. He had faced dangers of all kinds over and over again; he had laughed gaunt .death in the face on scores of occasions, but shame, and especially shame'and distress to his h Angel, affrighted him. A chost had haunted I him for two or three days past, a ghost called ,d up by Michael Turner's face which ahe had seen from his window, the ghost of Hellfire Joe d that scowled at him of a night, and glared at him from odd corners of his dreams, and a pointed with claw-like fingers to its torn and swollen neck, and cried, " What rght have k with my daughter ? Give up my daughter! Tell her that you killed me !" - y Waal," he said slowly, " that ain't news as one would print, an' buy a frame for, an' hal, in the pelour, but I guess it woo to be 4Ihave given himmoney," retorted Under r wood, bitterly, "hut it is like droplets thrown into the ocean. The more you give, the more ha wastes in debauchery, and the more he wants. That would be little, but he has just escaped from gaol, and there is no crime that n he would not commit, when in drink, or to get drink. He made a great show of being anxious to reform, and very nearly succeeded in throw ing dunst in my eyes. Luckily hobetrayed him self, and he betrayed himself over a real or pretended grudge against you.'! " Agin me?" cried the old man in astonish-. y ment. "Wtha's he got ogin me?"" The whole story had to be told-the sore had to be laid fully bare. i" He says,"continuel Hubert, with slowly t nervous deliberation, " that you hanged his a artner, Hellfre Joe, that you nearly hanged him, that Miss Kershaw is Hellfre Joe's daughter, and that he will not allow her to remain in ignorance of her father's name." t The old frontiersman had risen slowly, with d blanching face, and stonily hardening features, is silent and grim. Gradually the heaving bosom swelled, the lips opened, showing the teeth, hard set, and a fierce solemnity, the solemnity of outraged justice, shone in his eyes. if " MikeTurner yewrfather," hissed Kershaw, "an' he'll tell my Angel that her father was a y urderer, an that I hanged him. Not much he won't, I reckon. Whar is he?" he de. manded nearly savagely. " I have him safe for the moment," answered A Underwood, aghast at the impression his announcement had made upon the millionaire. S"He is under lock and key in a small hotel in Canal street, and the proprietor is keeping a watchand guard over him." 'But yew cayn'tkeep him thar for over," cried the pioneer. " Let's keep our heads cool, an' see that the primin's dry. It won't do now to go to Yewrop, an' leave him hyar. That d would look cowardly, an' no man or devil shall ever say that Dan'l Kierhaw woas afraid of him. It ain't yewr fault, my boy, that Cheeseface MI1ike to yowr father, any more than it's my Angel's fault that Hellfire Joe was hers." S He had confessed the hard naked truth Swithout knowing that he had confessed it, but, now that it was told, he felt the load of a millstone taken from his mind. Foryears he had jealonsly guarded the secret. Now another man shared it, the man of all others most likely to eshield, with the bulwark of his own life, her awhomit threatened. r And Hubert, knowing that his betrothed vas of as lowly, as mean, and as despicable birth as himself, was so steeped in his love that he : felt not even a tinge of added joy over the dis covery which brougt Angelica Kershaw to a I nesrerlevel with himself. She was not lowered -ihairsbreadth in his esteem, in his reverence, in his adoration. Only a tremorous pity, a tendhr sorrow that annointed his love, and made it a trifle softer and balmier. Not a re e would as lief have chided a buttegrfle? A havinag, 'onau e--r e-i'of~f?eithat she was \- "I guess yew'vo got to let me handle that fether o' yovrn," continued Dan'el Kershots. "It nin't to be reckoned as yew'd keep the grip on him another man could. IfI ea .in't Ifho'sescaped from pris'n, he kmnws that he tan he sent back agin. He may think that his ton wouldn't do that, hut he's tasted samples of my pepper afore, an' I guesshis mouth is sseartin' yet. Thar's two things he-dlid. M?ikeTurner's got to be made to keep a close tongue, and"-here the old man's voice dropped, and a tremor ribrated through it "my Angel's got to know that I ain't her " But surnely-" exclaimed Hubert. "i Oh, don't yewgo an' frightei yourself," I interrupted Kershaw. "Iain'tgoin' to toll her nothen about Helldire Joe an' his gallows. Thsr C ain't nothen to be gained y that. But I count as I got to be honest at last, an' tell her as I've stole her love, an' beg herto forgive me-forgive me." - The voice became softerand nearly tearful as he went on. It was the voie of a potrrepentant sinner proclaiming his hope of a pardon to come. " Tes, my boy," he repeated, "I've stole her S love; o hrat's more," he added with a stern resolution. "I mean to keep it, God bets' B willin', all the days of my life. Now-yew go down town, an' if it can he did, yew bring thrat father o' yewrn to me hyanr. If it cyn't be did, yewa come banck an' let me know, an' I'll go down to him." "It's only right," he muttered when the young man was gone. "It wasn't fair to start A: with. an' God knows I've tried to fight agis it, an' tall her of it this many a year past.", •?The young lady was in a pretty pout at being "What a bother, doddie deart"oshe er-di claimed as she come into the roos, radiant with the glow of. agreeable excitement. • '"Mrs. MIortmeris upstairs, and her assistant, 'ad she has to go hack nearly immediately, and she eta "Sit down here. my Angel," he said softly. f'New' mind the drssauer for a few minits." "A few minutes?"'she cried, persing her W prettylips. "Afew minutents. " m "Yeaafew ,,minis, l .repied, "Peiap. sli ten-perhaps" fiteen. .essii give tit em to vewr daddie, won'tyvew,iif hl'islm e Pk3 0 " Why, you're neoser~sis gaiudge .da'ldio ai dear,"rejoined ?Sis Angel, seating hoeelf on a footstool at his feet anid looking up into his I eyes. ." What is the matter? What has hap pened?' Hto took her head between his two hands niid..kissedhertipoh. the. forahcad, Ing and fervently. "I love yew so, my Angel." .hs breathed. " I believe I'd dio if I were forbid to love yew. I uln't much-of a hand at. sayin .whya, nor wherefores, nor hews, bat I know tha.t yow'ro settled jest here -jest on my heasr, an' growed tharn" "I kInow this, daddie dirlin"g," she lvbispgred suraiserdly.. "I have knowvn.it over sincoI've been able to understand what it is tobe loved." "An' yew love me, my dear," he contnued in the same tenderly vibi-atiag half-brokeu voice.. "Yew love me as a good gall ought to love her father. Tell me, deanrie, do yew love mo because it's" yewr nature, an'. yew cayn't help lain' me?". - 'She looked up athm witll her big, dalrk ees. brimming with her heart's iull devotodness. " What a question" to -ask, daddie !" she said smilingly. "I lore vYot h?eCise I lovro "ot. Because you'rothe drarest daddie in the world; because not to love you would be impossible." "Ah, would it ?" he retored. -'" Suppose Syewr father was dead an' goie long ago; an' I've taken his place, an' given out as I was yewr father." ?His eyes were glued upon" her as he spoke. SIto watched every movement of her features, as if all his heaven were staled upon'her reply. "I don't want to suppose any such thing." she answered.. " What is the good of it?". S"Answer me," he pleaded. "Suppose it w -. Suppose I wosn't yewr father-how would it be then `". " ;" "Why, if: it were soi., she replied. with 'drioped eyes, and ths fingers of one hand Snervoisly moving across the open palm of the -other, ."you have been my father-I know no other- lcan think of no other." " But if I had toldyew lies." he went on in a hoarse stoainess,-"if I had told yew stories that wosn't true, becos I had to say somethin', yew know, when yew asked questions,-an' yew did ask a lot, yew know-all sortsof 'em about yewr mother, an' about things-an' I, I told them one after another, an' one wickeder than another. Beres, yew see, my dearie," he it cried in an agony of confession, "I am eot 1 yewr father, an' I've lied to yew all this while. An' now it's had to come out, an' yew'll de siespise me." He turned his face aside and buried it in his hands. e She, slowly and gently, and with the tears of ' piteous sympathy :elling in her eyes and rolling over her cheeks, drew his fingers aside re from where they rested, and encircling his neck with her soft arms, pressed her face against his, sobbing as if her heart-strings were over strained in their effort to make sweet music. e "No daddie darling," she cried. "Never, r- daddie darling-never, now, in this life which e is yours-never, now or hereafter. You bnot my father? There is only one formebesidesyon the Master in heaven. A thousand times more my father now, than you ever- could have been." :And kissing him again and again in sichholy embrace as a daughter may give to her pnreit, she laid herhead on his bosom, and the sturdy pioneer wept with her-as though they both werechildre"r.. ' . She pulled out her handkerchief and dried his eyes and hers at the same time. " 'Listen. to me, my Angel," heywhispered. "t "I'll have it off my chest--as muchof it, atany rate, as yew need be told." A shiver of self-reproach went through hini at that moment, as he reaected that a portion at least of the dread facts would have to be con cealed from her. ' .Yew wos a tiny wee baby," he went on slowly and stolidly, "when yewr father died jeat about three year old-an' yew had no ore am the wide, wide world to give yew as much as a drop o' water-no father, no mother, no ' sister, no brother, no nobody. - I knowed yewr father. He was not a very good man, but it ain't my place hyar to say a word gin him el afore yew, his daughter. - Yew. wos the , prettiest bobby that I ever seed;, an' the mo m ment I set my eyes on yew I took to yew, an' t yew took, to .me. You- could barely toddle I then, an' I wos as pleased as a squaw over a is new red blanket to have a little thing like id yew crowin' at me when I cum home from the :d mountins or from prairie loafin'. An' then n yew growed, an' the more yew'd growed, the in more yew got to be a need tome, an' I would it rather have done without my pipe, an' my id whisky, fifty times eye, wthout yew. An' then d yew got to be old enough to talk, and to ask a about things, an' then the lies had to begin, r, andy?ew clled me daddie, an' I didn't like to say nay to that-it would have hurt me to say · nay to that. then all the folks about called yew Kershaw's little wench, an' I didn't say Snay to that either, an' the bigger yew growed, r have cut a slice a' that out, as yew, Then I got rich, an' the gold cutumblin in, waggis re full, an' I wos glad it cuem. I said to myself, se that's all for my Angel, an' that pleased me, nt yew know, an' made me work harder, cos I at had yew, my dearie, to work for. An' yew t growed quite a lady, an' so hensum, an' so s lovin', an' so kind to me, an' all the people r- loved yew, an' I wes so proud that they did l. ove w, an' though I often did think of tellin' o ryew, I never had the heart to do it till now. An' now I have told yew, an' you haven't h. called me names, an' yew've kissed me, an' I'm happier than ever I waos, cos I've told yew i asht yew ought to have knowed years gene." ly He raised her and drew her to his breast, and is, enfolded her slight frame' with his -great sd atrong arms. and pressed her to his heart, and 'a ieither of them uttered a whisper for the space to f aminute or two. "Do not speakof this again. daddiedarling," 11 shebreathed. "I want to know no more about a,it. I am doubly your child, for now my sense i of gratitude is awakened, and I am beginning , to feel how much I owe to your love. But for you I might be a poor, wretched, forlorn waif of the prairies-a straw cast before the winds v, -and here I am rich, respected, beloved, and a cared for. I have not yet been able to arrive at h a full appreciation of my debt to you. but I . will soon, daddie dear, t will. But I'll love you all the more, if that be possible. I'm a fright," she exclaimed with changed counts. is nance, jumping up and regarding herself in the e. mirror, "and Mrs. Mortimer will think you've in been scolding me, and have made me cry. I ig don't care," she added brightly, smoothing her tresses and cooling her glowing face with her I handkerchief, "let her think what she likes." She blew a kiss to him as she paused fora wi moment at the door. it "God bless you, daddie darling," she whis. 11 pered, and was gone. 1\. Gone like a soft breeze that has cooled the a burning face. Gone like a bounteous shower Sthat has refresbed the sun-scorched plain. Gone like blessed charity that leaves its happi .h ness in its wake. Gone as love does gowhen , it has brought life and hope, and has promised a toreturn. e The pioneer wos sitting in his arm:chair r dreamily, aso he had never remembered himself y before. A doubt still battled in his mind. SOught I to have told her all? he deliberated with himself. Ought Ito tell her still? -No, Sno, no, no! came the answer of his conscience, h clear as a clarion; you must not break her Syoung heart and blast all her life with the cankering thought that her father was an a assassei. d Atthat moment youngUnderwood appeared at the door, paler even? than he had been earlier in the morning. \ - . S' Wtat's the sign now ?" siked KRershaw. SIs thar a painther loose ?" .... ? edw..-.ra-snseyouie..•itjaP. "Weal'l -"" "Heshos nearly murdered the landlord of the hotel," continued Underwond. " He made a ghastly horribleo'sliu-.shot by filling a heavy tumbler with the iron tops screwed oa eom the Bre-irons, and tying the lot in a handkerchief. IIe lay in wait behind the door for the poor man, and wrlen the latter entered to give him his Isncheon, he struck him a fearful blow over the back of the head, breaking the tumbler into hsrlf--dozen pieces and fracturing the skull. It is doubtful whether or not the wounded man wIll live, and in the hurry and okurry my father got clean away." "WVaal, boy, what do yew propose to do?" asked K~erohaw. "Heaven only knows," repliedthejournalist. "' There'll he a trisl now, and an eposure, and Iiss Aigelica may hear all about- it for the old villain will certainty not hold hi ton~one O God," he cried "is it a sin to wish ne's own father dead?" (Is 'e co.isT.een). ==_= __ _____ 