' BATUBDA T, A UOUST 8, 1891. PsoHtBITlotruTB and other mora or less "total" members of the Temperance party lose as few opportunities of allud ing to what they term " the wave of drunkenness sweeping over the country" as do our American cousins of referring to the star-spangled banner. And though the sea-wall of legislation has been ereoted, and time after time heigh tened and solified, to prevent the en croachment of that wave, it has seemed somehow almost as useless as was the mop Of the illustrious lady who by its aid tried to dry op the waters of the Atlantic. But it would almost seem by the present action of the Queensland House of "Loads" that the colony is bung threatened, in addition to the wave of inebriety, with the waters of dis honesty, immorality, and indecency. Therefore, the question arises, if it is impossible by Act of Parliament to make a community less addicted to the use of alcoholic stimulants, is there a greater probability of that community being made fay legislation less dishonest, im moral, and prurient than the introduc tion in the Legislative Council, of legis lation dealing wit]) such nauseous subjects, stamps it as now being f For ?11 legislation must, to effeot a useful purpose, be either restrictive or pro gressive ; and as no modern legislature would for a moment entertain any sug gestion to legislate for increased facilities to be given to the dishonest, the im moral, and the prurient to exercise their weakness, it may ds footo be token that the community is so aggressively dis honest, immoral, and indecent that it has become actually necessary that Par-' liament shall attempt to restrict its dis honesties, immoralities, and indeoenoies. This in noway can be taken asa flatter ing picture of,the people, and the only' cmmb of consolation the moral man can claim from the cake is that the cry of "wolf has been unnecessarily raised. For the Queensland "Lords" who sit in the Upper Chamber have evidently been very badly attacked by a fit of purity during the present* session; ana they .eem to have found immorality, in the greater or lesser degree, to affect every branch of our social life, from that which bean the fruit of our children's training to that which regulates our commercial transactions. The "poet of the Sierras," In his powerful drama " My Partner," puts into the mouth of his hero the words: " My God, my God 1 though I doubted all others in the world, I would have touted my pord-for lie mas my pard." This faith in onr fellow-worker has' been, oolloquially, knocked on the head by the Partnership Bill now before the Upper House, whioh in so many words bids us look upon the man with whom we labor as a rogue and sooundrel, and in our own interests treat him "as Bich" even though up to now we had been on the same amicable understanding with our partners as that which directed the every action of those estimable Chris tians who constituted the firm of brothers so pleasantly pourtrayed by Dickens in his Nicholas Nickleby. Again, the Criminal Law Amendment Bill introduced by the Hon. "W. H. Wilson strikes a death-blow at the poeti cal idea that man, or a largp percentage of mankind, have a wonderful reverence for defenceless innooenoe; that now, as in the days of anoient chivalry, lances would be levelled and- armor pierced in aid of those whose youth and Bex call for the noblest attributes of human nature. But the Bill referred to makes it idle to longer dream such dreams, and compels lis as a community to sit up and recog nise the foot that we are a bad lot. For have we it not on the authority of the little lower in the scale of humanity, and shows that there are men in our midst who, like the one of whom Mr. Justioe Windeyer spoke in a Sydney Court years ago, are haunted by the ghost of a for mer passion. This is an ugly question to touch upon, but a necessary one, be cause the public censor, if possessed of an honest desire to conscientiously dis charge the functions of his office, must touch the unclean as well as the clean; must put his finger on the sore as well as the bruise. But we have no intention at this stage to make mora than passing remark on the evils to which we have alluded. We have no wish to add to the volume of voice of those who unnec cessarily cry " wolf when no danger to the lambs of the flock is imminent. In fact, a voluminous treatise might be written on man's dishonesty to man; on man's inhuman treatment of his off spring ; on man's unappreciative concep- j tion of the obligatory relations between sex and sex; and its writings would show that even with all our boasted nineteenth century civilisation man's in humanity to man ib $ven now more often than not calculated to exemplify | the truth of the Scotch poet's truism and make "countless thousands mourn." But the point at which we wish to arrive, ana the lesson we wish to teach, is more in connection with Dr. Taylor's' Bill for the suppression of indecent ad vertisements and other "literature."] Now, right here we hold out the right band of good fellowship to Dr. Taylor, I and straightaway admit our appreciation j of his efforts in the direction he has taken; for we recognise that there can be no greater medium through whioh the rising youth of the colony can be de moralised than by that of the " white ants" of indecency whioh portion of the public Press UBB to permeate their systems. " Let us be olean in our literature, if we are foul in everything else; because habits once contracted are ever stagnant, while habits to be learned should always be those which increase our purity; and nothing makes us more pure than does our literature." These are the words of the cynic Voltaire. So Dr. Taylor, whom all men know as a Christian, a scholar, and a gentleman, is to be commended for his attempt to make, or keep, our Press as clear from prurient impurities as it is possible to do. And that his tilt in this direction is no Quixotic one at a fancy windmill has been made very apparent by the deluge of indecency which has swept over the land of late years. Mothers who revere the parity of their sons and daughters must shudder when they hear of-even if they do not see-the public indeoen cies which meet those who take their walkB abroad in any and every direction. Placards on the walls of buildings being put up and buildings about to be pulled down; advertisements in the family newspaper, and "hand bilk" put into the hands of youth and maid as they pass through the public streets, are un doubtedly evils which require suppress ing. If Dr. Taylor succeeds in doing this he will be entitled to the thanks of 'the community in which he lives, and we do not hesitate in expressing our ap proval of the course he is pursuing. THE Estimates-in-Ohief for the year 1891-92 were laid upon the table of the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday. A glance at the figures for the various de partments will show that Ministers in dividually, and the Government collec tively, are determined that if they cannot materially augment the revenue they will at least prevent any abnormal increase in expenditure. Reductions ' have either been made, or are contem plated, in nearly every branch of the public service; but there are several new votes, some of whioh are likely to provoke considerable opposition from an influential section in the representative chamber. It would be impossible, in the limited space at our command, to point out in detail the difference be tween the amounts asked for the current year's service, and those voted last year; we muBt therefore oontent ourselves with noticing the more important itemB. | There will be general satisfaction that it has not been found necessary to further diminish the endowments paid to the looal governing authorities or public in stitutions. Munioipal and shire coun cils, and divisional boards, will for the current year be paid endowment at the same rate as in 1890-91, namely: 13b 4d and £1 respectively. Sohools of arts, agricultural societies, and benevo lent associations will also oontinue to be assisted, the lattor on even a more liberal scale than last year. In 1890-91 subscriptions raised locally in aid of benevolent societies were endowed at | the rate of £2 for £1; this year, the [ Colonial Secretary promises £3 for £1 raised by the local committees. There are several items in the details of expenditure in connection with the De partment of Lands and Agriculture whioh are of special interest to Warwick. The vote in aid of public parks remains as before, and we shall continue for another year at least to draw our grant of £175. 4. vote of £5000 in aid of the establishment of an agricultural ool lege appears for the first time ; but until the Minister explains the inten tions of the Government in this regard we shall not know whether to view tlie appropriation seriously or merely as a paper proposal made for the purpose of allaying agitation. There is very con siderable change in the vote for the Hon. W. H. Wilson that-while a simi lar measure was accelerated through the House of Lords in the British Parliament in 1886 by "disclosures of immorality existing which shocked the public con science," the truth of wbioh was admit ted " on all sides"-far greater reason exists for even speedier acceleration being given to the passage of the Queensland Bill, beoauBe the people of thiB colony are " doubly and evon trebly" more im moral than the people of the parent land. This, with a vengeance, is a 'modern emphasis of Byron's assertion that "the crime which the gods call love" is much more frequent in tropical climates; but the fourth section of the Act stamps the people of this colony a salaries of land agents. The services of the inspecting commissioner and one of the clerks at Brisbane, and the land agents at Clermont, Csoktown, Dalby, Fort Douglas, Stanthorpe, Surat, Tambo, Tenningering, and Warwick are to be dispensed with at the end of September. Mr. Hanbury, who for nearly twenty years has been Land Agent at War wick, and who is one of the most officient officers in the service, was informed a few weeks back that, owing to the small amouut of business now transacted at the local offices, his ser vices would not be required after 30th September. A strong protest has been entered by Mr. Morgan and Mr. Allan against the proposal to abolish the local office, and againBt the injustice that will be done in turning an old and valued public officer adrift; but it seems hopeless fo fight against the bureaucratic system by which most of our public departments are now hedged and administered. The Department of Public Works asks for £43,000 for buildings generally, an increase of | £4000; out of this sum the Minister has promised to provide new lockup accommodation in the immediate vicinity of the Warwick court-house. Whole sale reductions are to be made in the rail way department, the total vote show ing a decrease of nearly £11,000, though the mileage of our lines is greater this year than last. The only item of local interest is a sum of £2,278, provided for the purpose of defraying the cost of a deviation of the Killarney branch at its junction with the main line. In the Chief Secretary's department there is an increase of £8,000 in the vote for the Land Defence Force, and a reduc tion of £2,000 in that for the Marine Force, brought about by the proposal to place the Gayundah in reserve. Many minor changes appear in the votes for Petty Sessions, but none call for special remark. A sum of £1000 is provided towards the cost of the proposed Swedish Australian expedition to the South Polar regions, which is expected to start next year under the leadership of Baron Nordenskjold; and there is a vote of similar amount in aid of the funds of the Imperial Institute, a loyal London establishment of very doubtful utility. In the Harbours and Rivers branch of the Treasurer's department there is a reduction of £75,000; this is due to the laying up of nearly all the dredges, and the stoppage of harbour improvements generally. There iB also a substantial reduction in the Water Supply branch. The expenditure from Loan Account during the current year is set down at £1,016,770, as against £2,053,927 last year. No new railways or other large works are contemplated, nearly the whole of the loan funds avail able being required to meet liabilities on account of contracts now current. THE society calling itself the " Biblo in State Schools League of Queensland" has car ried on Its propsgandism with Buch activity of late as to direct a considerable amount of pub lic attention to its aim, and to the arguments by whioh it attempt* to justify its demand. Last Sunday week the introduction of the Bible into State schools was advocated from many of the leading pulpits of Brisbane, and a great many arguments were adduced-of more or less weight-in its favour, which argu ments have sow been read in all parts of the colony in the columns of the Brisbane Press. We confess to some surprise at any organised attempt to initiate what we eannot but con sider a retrograde policy in educational mat ten ; and, while acknowledging the sincerity and patriotism of its advocates, believe that the movement will never find national accept ance, or that, if it should, a short suocess will be followed by its final rejection. And lest our remarks should be misunderstood, and we shouldbesuspeoted of secularism, we distinctly affirm our entire sympathy with the ultimate aim of those whom we oppose. We are at one with them upon the supreme importance of the religious education of the young. But when they propose, as a means to that end, the introduction of Bible teaching into our public schools, we at once join issue with them, upon the ground that such a course would fail to advance the interests of true religion; for, as the Rev. J. F. McSwaine pointed out in his address in St. Paul's Presbyterian Church, it is our duty to look upon the realities of life, and not to its ideali ties. It is very generally admitted in democratic countries like ours, thai it is not the function of a government to undertake the religious instruction of the people. This, at all events, is fully acknowledged in-so-far as the instruc tion of adults is concerned. It is notour pur pose to attempt to establish this proposition, demonstrated, as it was, iu such a masterly manner by Macaulay fifty years ago. But if the education of adults in religious matters is outside the provinoe of secular governments, by what process of reasoning can it be shown that it is their duty to provide suoh education for the young ? The advocates of the Bible in State schools escape from this awkward quan dary, to their own satisfaction, by falling back upon the established axiom of the duty of a government to provide means of education for the young, and declare that tho best intellec tual culture is of little value unless ennobled by religious training, as though suoh statement, albeit perfectly truo in itself, implied the con sequent duty of the government to provide the necessary religious teaching. The two things, however, are essentially and totally different. Let us suppose, for a moment, that our gov ernment might, " with propriety," undertake tho religious instruction of the children in its schools. What are the 1 realities' which they would have to cncouutort A heterogenous body of teachers of all religions and no re ligion, men and women all possessing a more or leu accura to acquaintance with thorangeofsub jects tbey have been speolally trained to teaoh, and of more or less skill in tho methodical treat ment of these subjects. But probably not one in ten has studied the Bible as a text-book, and as his self-respect would oblige him to study it, if he wore oallod upon to teach from It. And what would be the result? Each one's teaching would be the reflection of his particular oreed, unless, indeed, the Minister for Education prepared ft schedule of dootrines to be taught and not departed from-a sug gestion, we imagine, which would scarcely meet the approval of the League, and which it would be difficult to find a Minister hardy enough to adopt. A not less formidable 1 reality' would be the children themselves, among whom (or their parents), are quite as many forms of religions belief as among their teachers. Experience would inevitably show that no teacher oould give scripture lessons for a week, before doing violence to some doc* trine which ono or another had been trained to believe, and this, retailed at home, would as surely be a root of discord in the commun ity ; nor would the Ministerial doctrineB be less liable to this result than the individul teacher's. Some there are who maintain that the Bible can be so manipulated as to avoid controversial subjects and keep entirely to those upon which all are agreed, as forgive ness, resistance of temptation, truthfulness, and love. We doubt very much whether such teaching, when long-continued, would be more than a repetition of platitudes, except in a few exceptional cases, and it is the average teacher with whom we are concerned. Now none of these difficulties are encountered by a govern ment in providing seoular education for the children. It does not find among its teachers a variety of opinions concerning the sum of two and two, or of the three angles of a tri angle. The parents of the children never complain becauso one word is called a pro noun and another is spelled a particular way. In short, the Unvernment hare undertaken a responsibility, in providing secular educa tion, which they are competent to perform : did they undertake to provide religious edu cation, they would find their path beset with insurmountable difficulties, only one or two of which we have had space to indicate. We have heard the friends of the League plead for the reading of the Bible only, with out note or oomment. Undoubtedly this course would be mucb less open to objection than the other, but it has this one serious drawback-it would be a practical waste of time, except as a reading exercise, and a read ing lesson is more likely to be of value to the pupils when the teacher explains it, so that even on that point it would be inferior to the school reading books. If the Bible is cap able of being self-explanatory, whence all the thousands of books that have been written, and millions of sermons that have been deliv ered, upon it! There are doubtless verses here and there which are sufficiently plain to the understanding even of a very young child, but they will hardly be sufficient to balance the vast mass that conveys but little meaniag to his mind. The result of reading without explanation would probably be, in most cases, that the children would receive the impression that the Bible is a very dry book, and that they cannot understand it. Such an impres sion would indispose them to read it volun tarily when they have passed from school, and thus the very end of the advocates of the Bible in State schools would be defeated. 