Red Indian Rising. From files of the London Daily Newt, to date November 28, we extract the following mes sages in reference to the threatened rising of Bed Indians in America:— New York, November 24.—The newspapers are filled with alarming reports in conneotion with the Indian soars, maoy of which prove on investigation to be wholly groundless. The statement which appeared in the World that seven settlers had been killed in Sonth Dakota comes under this category. It has no founda tion in faot. Nevertheless, the situation is still considered so far serious as to warrant the despatch of farther detachments of national troops, which have been ordered to proceed to tbe disturbed districts. The Nebraska Militia have also been ordered to hold themselves in readiness to take the field. A ranchman who has arrived at Fine Bidge declares that while he was in tbe Indian camp he overheard a plot to lead General Brooke and his soldiers into an ambush and shoot them. He said that the plan by which it was nro posed to do this was to have a gbo-> d i- co at a place surrounded by dense clump- ■ f trees whioh would be filed with Indians, a d when the troops should try to stop the dance tbe ambushed Indiana would open fire and kill every soldier. Ottawa, November 23.—Despatches received here thi« evening from the Government agents in the Indian reserves in the north west terri tories, give satisfactory assurances that the Canadian Indians are peaoeable and are not affected by tbe agitation in Dakota, although overtures were made to them to joio the Indians there. Chicago, November 24.—Buffalo Bill has been ordered to the seat of the Indian trouble. He started Itat sight to Omaha. Colonel Cody's destination is Nebraska. - The State Militia 1 is said to be ready .for service at an hour's notice In an interview, Colonel Cody said: I shall arrive at Omaha on Monday. TLence I shall probably proceed to Bnehnlle, 31 milu from Fine Bidge. When do I expect tho trouble will begin f Well, It la like guessing if grass Js four inches longer than you would espeot It to be every bight. As It la a time of year when everything Is agaloet an outbreak, no Indian still retaining a modicum of eense will go ol I tbe War path usle«s he hits food for his horse I atid himself. With tbe fanatical bloux who aro I fcowdaocingfiom sUueettoeUDrisoit is different. I 'i bBy believe they eru serving the Great Spirit i They believe they are celebrating tho coming of I the Messiah. Tbero will be trouble unless tho : dunces areetopped. What apposes most ominous I Ui me Is the wl Jeeprcad influence of the Messiah 1 movement, i'he Ii di,n. do not telegraph and d i not write hitlers, and yot all the western tribes, front. tho.coast of, the..Mississippi-and from British Columbia to Arizona, are dancing the ghost dance, and,looking forward to the I coining of the great leader. They will dsnoe, yell,' and tear their bodies until they are fairly wild, then go and soalp defenceless- settlers. On'the other hand, the interference of'the soldiers may preoipltate a war, so that it looks bad either way. Of all bad Indians, Bitting Ball is the worst Book Bear and Bed Shirt, who are fighting chiefs, will do whatever is necessary to defeat Sitting Boll. Bitting Ball will always bo found with the disturbing ele ment. If there is no disturbing element he will foment one. He Is a dangerona Indian, and his oonduot now portends trouble. Old Bed Cloud, who is disposed to be friendly to the whites, was the leader of the Fort Phil Kearney massaore. He has a Bon. with the ghost danoers, who is looking forward to.a chance of winning his spars. The best fighting blood of the Sioux and Oheytnnea is repre sented among the danoers. Washington, November 26.—Mr. Prootor, Secretary for War, has reoeived news from Cheyenne Biver that the Indians have aban doned the ghost dances, snd have, come in for ratiouB. This is regarded bb a most hopeful sign of the abatement of the exoitement Great benefit is believed to have resulted from the employment of friendly Indians as sooutH Mr Prootor has authorised General Miles to increase the number of Indian police in Dakota to 1,200, with a payment of 13 dollars per month, and toe privilege of wearing the army bloneo, and being in acknowledged connection with toe United States Government It' ie believed that these inducements will prove' too powerful for toe average Indian to reaistl . Pine Bidge, November 26.—The latest indi cations here of toe intentions of the Indians would appear to he of a more reassuring ohsr aster. It is stated that toe braves in this district declare that they will surrender their arms if toe troops insist on their, doing so. An order has,, however, been given postponing the issue of beef rations until to morrow, and all strangers, exoept newspaper men, have been ordered off toe Beserration. About 6,COO Indiana are ewarming in and about the Agency. One hundred mora Indian scants are being sworn in and armed. Despatohes from Pine Bidge etatethat intelligence reached there yesterday evening that 600 Indians wore on the marsh from Rosebud to that place, apd had plundered toe houses deserted by the fugitive eettlers, lulling all toe cattle they conld lay their hands upon. Scouts annonnoe: that the ghost dancers have massed their forces on toe Porcupine, and that Little' Wound,' who was yesterday reported to bo the only chief of the ghost danoers who still remained out,; has .consented to come and;confer with the Agent and General Brooke, and will arrive to-day. . : Fort 8nUy, South Dakota, November' 26.— It is evident that the hostile Indians from -he Grand Biver, Cheyenne, Bosebnd, and-Pino Bidga agencies are massing together at gome point where they will make a etand against the troops. General Cooke has learned from a squaw that bands of men are passing south wards, well armed with Winchester rifles and ammunition and well equipped ponies. ' The Indians were uniformly insolent and retioent as to their place of meeting. It is, however, Teported that 'they' will assemhle at a heavily: wooded spot on toe White Biver, ten miles above its month and south of Book White. The place is a day's hard ride from Pine Bidge, and nearly toe samu distance from Bosebnd. Chicago, Novomber 26.—According to toe morning papers Colonel Cody (Buffalo Bill) has received a commission from General Miles to proceed to toe scene of toe scare, and left yesterday with three companions. The exaot natnro of toe mission 1b unknown. Chicago, November 27.—A despatoh from Missoula, Montana, published in the Inter Ocean, announces that a fierce battle is in pro gress near Fort Keogh, Montana, between the Indians and troops.. Three companies of troops at Fort Missoula have been ordered to proceed to Syenne. Advices from various pointB report sharp skirmishing all along toe line. ■ . General Miles donhts the accuracy of toe news from Fort Keogh as to a fight between the troops and toe Cheyennes. No reports of the occurrence have been received by him.. Washington, November 27 No despatohes have been received by Mr. Prootor, Secretary for War, regarding the reported fight at Fort Keogh, and no credence is attached to too rumour. At the game time, news has been re ceived that toe Indians in toe vioiuity of Fort Bono, Indian Territory, aro unsettled on ac count of the Messiah craze. Trouble is not anticipated, although they are conducting their religious dances with much fervour, and are being joined by the Indians of other reserva tions. New York, November 27.—Mr. Melleti Governor of BoatL Dakota, has sent a telegre to General Miles, informing him that he h despatched an experienced man to investigs the trouble among toe Indians. This eco reports that he was never afraid of India before, and he thinks a general uprising w very. toon take place. - Ho talked to! cumber of Indians on toe way from Bosebnd toe large camp on toe White Biver, and ea that they maintained a surly and defiant at! tude. One of them remarked that he used beatont the brains of children and dri women's blood, and declared tost he wonld so do so again.' The camp on toe While Bis contains 1,(00 armed warriors The India say they will fight U the soldiers try to depth the ohfef Short Boll, and declare that M soon the fight begins a hailstorm will kill the soldlei Mr. Mellette has asked for a thousand rifles a: ammunition. A despatch from Tncsou, Ai Zona, statea that reports havd rcaohed th" that tbo Indians in the White Mountain rese Vation are growing restless,' The ofilcorn of t agency aro apprehensive that tho medicine m are trying to arouso tho Indians by stattll religions da-.ccs, and several have conseqntul been arrested. From Bierre, South Dakota, la reported that the oiticens are alaTwod..at .t attitudo o{ the Indians on the,.\Vhito Bivt under Short Bull, who show n dangerous.up]: and go about heavily armed. They have kill soorea of cattle. ' 