THE YOUNG FOLKS. TUMBLED INTO A FORTUNE. [By LUCY C. LILIIE, in Harper's Young People.] Captain Seaton opened the dining-room door and bade the girls good-morning in a very depressed tone of voice. Jimwa3 the first to note that something was unusually wrong with her beloved uncle.. Her bright, keen eyes took in at a glance a new look of anxiety on the dark, careworn face which was so dear to her, and as. she helped the captain liberally to hominy- and molasses she said -in her briskest .tone "Nice day, Uncle Jim, isn't it? I was sure last night it was going to rain." Why, yes, it is a fine day," said the captain absent-mindedly, - His eyes strayed to the forlorn-looking garden, visible froui the dining room windows, upon which a May sun was shining "gloriously, scattering golden favors impartially upon neglected lawn, tangled flower beds, .and weedy paths. The tine old colonial - mansion tad once been noted for its perfectly - tended grounds; but these were Josing days for the 'Seatons. Bit by bit the fortune'the captain's grandfather had amassed had drifted away, and now the plaee was mort gaged " up to its ears," as Jim's uncle often said, and worse still the mortgage was that very week to be foreclosed.. The captain had been the bravest soldier thjkt ever wore spurs in battle, but he had re turned 'from the war to find his inheritance from the old! cousin who had educated Mm already, tampered by debt, and, Seaton-like, the captain had no talent ior business. He tried farming, with the result usual to ama teurs; then he "dabbled in literature," as he called it, Between the two he contrived to increase his indebtedness and barely earn a living, while the arrival of his widowed sister . in-lawfrom California ten years ago with her three children added not a little to his cares and perplexities. But anyone who knew Captain :Seaton never doubted but that he would take the helpless : little family in and give them more than half , his share of -worldly goods, nor that when his : brothers widow, .died.a year later .he .should. . teach the children to regard him henceforth ; as .their lawful guardian and protector. Hpw ? much self-denial, how much hard work with a not tro ready pen this entailed perhaps no one but the old "family servant Susan ever.knew, until Jim grew old enough to understand it. . Her own quick, unselfish, sympathetic nature comprehended more than the captain dreamed ' she could suspect, but he realised that it was Jim who looked after his comfort in a dozen different ways-Jim to whom he instinctively turned/ consulting with her as though she were fifty years of age msteadpf fifteen. ? ; Jiinbad been christened "Sarah James," the j middle.name being for her uncle, but from the i time her father tad, half in fun half in tender , thought of his elder brother, called the baby .."Jim,""the name had clung to her, and now I the girl declared she would never give it up. ! "J shouldn't know myself as Sarah," she de I clared; " I'm just Jim;" Elsie was two years Jim's junior, and she had ;: inherited all-the Seaton loveliness,- together, it . ?' must be admitted, with much of the indolence ? J' and " finikin" fastidiousness which belonged to ; one branch of the family. Jim used laugh '' ingly to declare that Elsie was not " one of the working-classes," and accordingly she was 1 spared any of the hard toil or the privations |: Jim and Susan willingly took upon themselves, j To have expected Elsie to fly up and down : stairs, to work in the kitchen or the pateh of * vegetable garden, to mend Stanny's clothes, or even darn her uncle's -stockings would have 1 . seemed absurd to Jim; but on the other hand (: Elsie had a temper as sweet as sunshine, and ;) would $o the family credit, so Jim said, no ' matter. how plain her dress might be. Already she had shown decided talent for . drawings a fact Jim hugged io herself in . : secret, devising some means p£ .procuring ; lessons for her petted little sister. ?" As for Stanton, the third of " the captain',s ; children," as they were always cabled in Beok ford, he was, as Jim would tell you, "only a ,; boy," but a very sturdy specimen of eleven I years old, beginning to be a .care to Mb uncle, who 'had all the traditions of his race about a j: scholarly, collegiate education-; and how, he | . asked himself, could he give it to his brother's ' ioHSd*? -- '' . ? , Yes,-" said 3im, stirring1 "b&v; weak coffee ! vigorously and looking: with anxious eyes at j h <$t uncle,- "it certainly is '?» nice -day. .She j paused a moment, ;helped Stan for :the second I time to -hominy,and continued,"By.the way, ; Uncle . James, is that-ihat-Uv. -'Wilson, \ camipg to-day?5 'The "Captain's .dark 'br.ows -drew, together. J "Yee, deai'j" J.expeot3iini Ihis afternoo-a. He , wjllfitay all night, Jim ; -you-musfc see about a S room, my.dear." ^ - . And his supper, .uncle," exclaimed Jim in , ! a' tone- of digmay. Too well she knew the | -- slender resources of Susan's 'larder. ! " yojj muit do your best,-little woman," the captain Baid .with.a faint smile. He waa silent. until Elsie andjStan,'havingfinished theirjbreak ? fast, disappeared in the.directionof the garden. J, Then, leaving the table, lie flung himself into '! an old leathern* chair by the window and con |; tinued-" Of .course, Jim, my dear, you know ! perfectly-well fhat .Wilson means to -foreclose !. the mortgage. I.am away in arrears,; he will. sell the old place, I suppose, and I doubt if there will beiifteen hundred dollars over and above my debt to him." Jim's clear dark cheek flushed and then grew pale. "Can't it ba helped in any way, Uncle James ?" she said piteously. "I don"b see.ihow, my dear. Tcatft get any one else ifco take up-the mortgage. I can only hope perhaps to persuade Wilson-to urge him tojfiye me a lit tle time." The captain stood up. Jim's miserable littlefaoe.toDched "him to ;the heart, ... "Gome little girl," iie exclaimed, with -an attempt at cheerfulness vrhich in no way de ceived her however, '"we must not lose all heart-arid courage yet. l am compelled i;o.go to Wilbedk Hollow this morning and if by any chance Mr. Wilson should arrive before I re turn you mtist 'be polite and courteous to him. Rememberitiis all a matter >of .business with ton? he wants to see the plaoe, :I suppose, for himself." "See the place for himself," Jim echoed when she found herself alone. It seemed like desecration this stranger coming to count up just what the dear old house and garden would bring, Jim did not feel, of comae, quite so strongly ~on the subject as her unole did, but she, like all the Seatons, .had been bred with a love for the "Homestead" and would have worked her young fingers to the bone to keep the place for her uncle and Stanton in the future. Shabby, falling into decay, the spacious old house might be, but to the children it was beautiful beyond comparison; and now, as Jim finished clearing away the breakfast dishes I > and carried a heavy tray down to the kitchen, j she paused a moment in the wide oak-wains coted hall to glance with loving admiring eyes about her. Midway a staircase led up to the second story, branching right and left:on to a sort of gallery, and Susan could remember Bixty years ago, as a child, seeing the great hall and staircase blazing with light, and the scene of splendid festivities when the captain's father came of age. Susan's pride in the family fortunes was fully equal to Jim's, and as the latter made her way to the kitchen she felt sure of a sympathetic listener and adviser. "Wall, honey," old Susan observed, after hearing Jim's story, "we'll see he gets a good supper, -for our own credit." She paused, one wrinkled finger pressed against her lip, while she calculated her rbsources, " Fll fricassee a chicken," she continued, "and do some nice browned potatoes, and you can make a jelly custard." "Mean old thing !" declared Jim, with wrath. " Oil, Susan, what will we do when .we leave the place?" , i "It's in the Lord's hands, ohild," was tha old woman's answer; nevertheless there was a mist before her eyes as she carefully washed and rinsed her dishes, Jim silently and sadly wiping them. "Where's he to sleep?" Susan demanded suddenly. "Why, the only place I can think of is the hatmted room." "And are you going to tell him what folks say about it V Jim laughed. "I believe I will," she an swered with a sparkle in her eyes. . "Perhaps then he won't be so very anxious to take th« house away -from Uncle James." " I never see nor hear of one that did see a ghost there," said Susan as she moved about briskly enough for an old woman, putting things away on her dresser. " And so far as I know it was all talk got np when this house stood on what they called in war days neutral ground. You see, like a3 not, there nad to be a place where people could feel a little safe, and so I've always suspected a talk was set a-going about having a haunted room just on that account." " , , , "But, Susan," urged Jim, who had no real belief, but still a certain pride so to speak in the old family tradition, "why didn't they use the room more if it was all a made-up Btory T} Susan shook her head slowly. "Just be cause it got that name. Miss Jim, I'll tell you my way of looking at ghosts and such like. The Lord takes just as good care of the dead as of .the" living, and He isn't one to let the sperrit roam around just to frighten and tor ment, the flash. No, The dead are in His 'keeping, and Setfofesn't lose sight of them." "Well," said Jim, after a moment's reflec tion, "anyway we'll have to put Mr. Wilson there, because it is the only decent place there is to give him." Ana -presently, jingling a little bunoh of keys, Jim went away up the beautiful old staircase and down a side hall to an unused wing of tho house, where the room fqr all this cenfcurj known as the haunted ohamber hvl long remained unoccupied, its old- fashioned "four-poster" and some pieces of mahogany furniture mutelv bearing witness to the days .when the whole* house had been the pride and envy of the county. ... Meanwhile, in a dingy sitting-room facing a quiet street in New Haren, a scene which would have greatly interested Jim was taking place. An old man, with a shrewd thin face seamed and wrinkled, was sitting propped up by pillows in a huge easy-chair, while just in front of him, one arm resting on thr chimney ; piece and an expression of intense annoyance j and disgust on his handsome face, was a young j fellow of about twenty-one. : " It's not to my liking at all, Uncle Silas," ! young Joe Wilson was saying. "I shall feel : like an eavesdropper or a detective; and when I think of all Captain Seaton'B kindness when I was a boy " "Nonsense,"growled the old man. "You are only acting as my clerk. I tell you what it is, Joe, you'll do as I say or leave the office. You are to go to Beckford for me-say I'm too ill-«ee the place and talk it down, d'ye hear ? -That mortgage is to be foreclosed on Tuesday, i and Woodman is willing to give a big price as ' you know-managed my way. Ha! ha!" and 1 the old man chuckled with pleasure. " It's j taken me forty years, but I'll pay off niy ? pudge against James Seatori's father, and with j interest. Galled me a thief and a scoundrel j did he, .and made me lose my election? Forty j years. But I have the game in my hands now." YoTffig Wilson turned away with a gesture almost of contempt. But for the fact of his mother and lister being dependent upon his uncle, be declared to himself he would shake the. dust of the office once and for all from his feet, To work there blind to the old man's deceptions was impossible, but, so far, not once had the young fellow lent himself to any mean or dis honorable transaction; and as' he made his way to the station this May afternoon he de termined to soften the blow for the captain so far as he was able. Save him front his uncle's grasp .he could not; but as for "talking the place down," that, thought Joe, withascornful emile, nothing would induce him to do. (To be continued;) 