The Secret of Belair House. CHAPTER XXXVIII.— WAITING FOR JERRY. ' CHAPTER XXXIX— A SECRET EX- pipnT'nTnxr CHAPTER XL.— THE EAST WING. CHAPTER XLL-A MAD. WOMAN'S REVENGE. CHAPTER XLIL— ANTOINE-S NAR RATIVE. CHAPTER XL1II.— A. GHOSTLY VISI- . TOR. GHAPTER XLIV.-P.P.C. ' CHAPTER XXXV.— Continued. " I ought to have told you that one of my sisters was married to Charley Wing, a noted cracksman or house breaker. Qharley often professed to be sorry that I had taken to such a duffing way of getting a living, and said that a young fellow of my abilities, with proper instruction, might have done something splendid in his own line, and would often invite me to, join him. One day Charley met me, and said, 1 Your people often go to Sedgeley- .Court, and you go with them.' ' Yes,' said I. ' Well,' said he, 'me and my pal, Bill Stuckley, have got a plant on;, there. There's no' end of plato in the house, and just at this time of the year, while they are having Bp much company, theold clowagei keeps all her diamonds at home. Now, I want you, next time you go there, to make meacareful plan of the house, and to ascertain all you can about the posi tion and strength of the plate-chest ; and if the crack comes off all right you shall have a fair share of the swag, and then you can marry that girl that you are so sweet on, and hook it to Australia.' I took the bait after a while, and agreed to do as lie wanted. Perhaps Charley would have wanted to crack Belair, only he knew from me that while Sir . Philip was away in India all the family plate was kept at the banker's. " At this time there was living at Belair Lady Spencelaugh and her baby son ; Master Arthur Spencelaugh, the baroYiot's son by his first marriage, a lad about 5 years old ; and Miss Frederica Spencelaugh, . the daughter of the last baronet, both pf whoso parents had died in India. After a time Miss Frederica was sent away with her nurse to some seaside place for the good of her health, and a few weeks after that it was reported among us servants down stairs that Master Arthur was lying very ill up stairs of some catching fever, and orders were given that nobody was to go near the room except the doctor and the woman who had volunteered to nurse him. This woman was a Mrs. Winch, tho landlady of the Hand and Dagger at Normanforcl, and my lady's confidante in everything (it seems they had known one another when girls), and everybody said it was very good of her to run tho risk. The doctor who saw the boy was Mrs. Winch's brother : his nnrne was Ereefe — a lame, squint-eyed man, and not one of your swell doctors by any means. Well, Master Arthur got worse and worse, and in a few days he died — at least wo were told so ; and so particular was Mrs. Winch that nobody should run the risk of catching the fever but herself, that when the undertaker's men brought the coffin she made them leave it out side the room, and said she would do the rest herself. So we were all put into black, and there was a quiet funeral one morning ; and everybody thought they had seen the last of poor Master Avthur. "On the second night after the funeral I had an engagement to meet Crack Charley at 12 o'clock in the east plantation. We kept early hours at Belair ; and at that time of night I was obliged to let myself out and in again unknown to anybody ; but that wasn't difficult to manage. I had seen Charley, and was coming back along the travelled path that runs round the east wing of tho hall, when what should I hear but a child's thin voice, that sounded close by mo, but whether above or below I couldn't tell, crying, ' Help — help ! Please ask them to let me out.' T looked round, but could see nobody, and my blood ran cold all over me. I called out : ' Who the " MAGNET SOAP FOR CLEANSING. d are you ? and what place do you want to be let out of?' 'I am Master Arthur,' said the child's voice, 'and I have been shut up here ever such a long time. Oil, do please beg of them to let me out i ' I swear you might have knocked me down 'with a sneeze when I heard these words. I had watched this lad's funeral only a few hours bofore, yet here he was, still alive, and speaking to me 1 With a good deal of bother I made out where he was ; and then I got one of the gardener's ladders, and planting it against tho wall, which just there is thickly covered with ivy, I climbed up it, and so found the spot where the voice came from. It was a long narrow slit in the thick wall of what, is the oldest part of tho Hall, lighting a small room, which no doubt had been used as a hiding-place in the old troubled times. This opening, as I afterwards found, was entirely hidden from the. outside by a thick curtain of ivy; ' Who shut you up here, Master Arthur?' I said, speaking to .him through the slit in the wall. ' My Lady, and that woman with tho cat's eyes,' he said — meaning Mrs. Winch. ' How long have you- been hero ?' I asked. ' I don't know how long, be cause I always foel so sleepy here ; but a very long time,' lib said. ' That's you Billings, is it not ; I know your voice. Will you please to ' shake hands with me ?' I squeezed my .hand into the slit as far as I could, and then I felt his cold little fingers grasp mine. ' Thanlc you,' he said, in his sweet, melancholy way, as he let go my hand again ; and I ' had a very queer feeling ' round my heart for some minutes afterwards. I talked to him a little while longer; then he said, 'I think I must get down now, Billings — I am standing on two chairs placed on the table — as I am getting very sleepy again, and I might fall, you know. You will ask them to let me out, will you not? Good-night, and God bless you, Bil lings !' " On iny soul, I don't like to put it down I but I betrayed my promise to that child, and never mentioned to anyone what I had seen and heard. I have done many a rascally trick in my time, but that was the wickedest of them all. Instead of doing. what I ought to have done, I said - to myself, 'My lady has got a little private game of her own on here. If I can only make myself master of it, she will pay me well to keep the secret.' So I determined to keep my eyes open. I had not long to watch, for.the very next night, about 11 p.m., a little covered cart, driven by Kreefe, came up to one of the side doors ; and presently Mrs. Winch came out carry ing the child in her arms, fast asleep. She got into the cart with him ; the cover was tied down, and the doctor drove off with his load. I heard them say something about White Grange, so I stole away by a near footpath across the moors, and was there, hidden in the thick thorn-tree that grows just in side tho boundary-wall, when Kreefe drove up to the door. Old Job Sandy- son came out with a lantern, and him self carried the lad, still asleep, into the house ; and there he was hidden away for six weeks in one of the top rooms of White Grange. Nance Fennell told me all about it afterwards. At the end of that time Mrs. Winch and the doctor went one night to White Grange with the same little covered cart, and took tho lad away ; and as to what became of him afterwards, I know nothing, only Nance said that she happened to overhear that they wore going to Liverpool. But I do happen to know that just at .that very time Kreefe and his wife left Normanford ; and it was given out they had gone to America. " Well, I thought after this I had got a clear case against my lady, such a one as ought to bring me in some thing handsome; and so it would have done, had not other things turned out badly. Sedgely Court was safely cracked, and I got my share of the plunder ; but unfortunately the 'police got hold of Bill Stuckley for it, and he penciled when in prison ; besides which, my plan of the house was found on him ; so ono fine morning, he and I and Charley had the pleasure of hearing that we were to be sent on our travels into foreign parts for several years to come. Before sailing, I sent - a message to Lady Spencelaugh, telling her I wanted to see her on important business ; but either she never got the message, or else she wouldn't come. But the. secret was one that would keep, and I determined to keep it till I got back home. At the end of 10 years I found myself in the old country again hard up. I had made up my mind that as soon as I got tho means I would run down to Belair and pay my lady a visit. Before I could do tins, however, I fell in with an old friend of Charley's, and was persuaded to join him in a little affair, for which wo both got into trouble ; and the rest you know. 1 "And now you've got the whole boiling out of me ; and ray opinion is that I'm a cursed fool for my pains. I ain't a superstitious cove, but I can't help thinking that if I had acted square by the lad, as I promised him, tilings might have gone more square with me. But what can't be cured must be endured. One thing I do know — that writing is deuced dry work; so, now that this job is well out of hand, I'm dead nuts on to a tumbler of old rum and a pipe of choice negro- head. — Yours to command, "Jim Billings." " P.S. — I haven't bothered you with any dates in my letter, but I can give you them all as pat as 9d. whenever you may want them." CHAPTER XXXVI. MB. PENNINO'S PROPOSITION, " A very charaoteristio produc tion 1" said Mr. Greenhough, as Mr. Penning finished reading the ex-convict's statement. "Mr. James Billing's old skill as a begging- : letter impostor has stood him in ' good stead in that ingenious piece of composition. Faugh i The whole I HARDMAN'S PRIMROSE ALWAYS IN. narrative is redolent of the Old Bailey !" Tho baronet chuckled, and then instantly became grave again, as though ho hnd been caught in some dereliction of duty. The vicar, too, looked very grave, and was conning his notes seriously. Mr. Greenhough had a strong opinion of tho vicar's clear, good sense, and ,he felt vaguely uneasy at the expression of that gentleman's face, for tho lawyer him self was quito serious in believing that tho whole affair was nothing more than an ingenious conspiracy got up to de fraud the rightful heir. Lady Spencolaugh said no word, but sat quite still, with one hand clasped in that of her faithful friend, Martha Winch ; and with her eyes bent mostly on Gaston — that son for whose sake she had risked so much. Gaston him self sat biting his nails moodily. The olive of his cheek had paled some what during the last half hour. Titles, houses and lands seetned to be slipping from under his feet in some incomprehensible way, just at the moment when he had begun to realise them as being all his own. If he were not Sir Gaston Spence laugh, the richest baronet in all Monk- shire, what would, become of him, by J ove ! with that threatening array of .bills, and duns, and post- obits hemming, him in, and stopping up every avenue of escape, and ready to swoop down upon him the moment liis misfortune should get wind, and crush him re morselessly, as by the peine forte et dure! He would shoot himself; by Jove 1 that's what h? would do — it was the most gentlemanly mode of writing Finis to one's Memoirs — and give them all the slip that way. " What further evidence have you to offer in support of this extraordinary charge ?" said the vicar at last, break ing a silence that was becoming op pressive to every one. The next -evidence put in by Mr. Penning was that of Margaret Fennell, at present a resident of Grellier's almshouses, who deposed that in a cer tain month of a certain year Martha Winch and her brother, Jeremiah Kreefe, took to tho house known as White Grange a. boy apparently about 5 years of age, which child, after being locked up in the said White Grange for the space, of six weeks, was taken away one evening after dark by the two before-named - persons, and never seen by her, Margaret Fennell, after wards. Mr. Penning next brought forward the evidence of Mr. Edwin, ex-master of the Foundation School at Norman ford, who deposed to having been at Liverpool on a certain day of a certain year, and to there seeing Dr. Kreefe, his wife, and Mrs. Winch, accompanied by a boy, apparently about 5 years old, alight from a cab at one of the docks. Mr. Edwin further deposed to seeing Mrs. Winch bid farewell to her brother and his wife, and to seeing the two latter, accompanied by the child, go on board a vessel named the Lone Star, which vessel, as he found from after inquiry, was advertised to sail for New York at high- water, that very day. 1 The next piece of evidence put in by Mr. Penning was the statement writ ten by John English at Pevsey Bay, and sent by him to Miss Spencelaugh. Mr. Penning read this statement aloud, as he had done the previous evidence. In it, as may be remem bered, John English spoke of his early life in America with the Kreefes, and how the lame doctor had at last con trived to get rid of him. He mentioned his recognition of the doctor's portrait at the Hand and Dagger ; and how he became acquainted with the contents of the note intended for Lady Spence laugh ; and of his sudden dismissal from Belair the day after Mrs. Winch's return to Normanford ; together with various other minor matters, some of which had' been brought out more strongly in the previous evidence, but all tending to establish the truth of his story. " This concludes our case as it stands at present," said Mn. Penning, as he refolded John's manuscript. "In the absence of Mr. English, as I must still continue to call him," said tho vicar, "I really don't see what further steps can possibly be taken in this matter. But perhaps Lady Spence laugh may have something to say to all this 1" Mr. Greenhough was whispering earnestly with my lady and Mrs. Winch, and presently he came for ward, and addressing the vicar and the baronet, said, " Lady Spencolaugh desires me to deny most emphatically the truth of the allegations contained in the statements just read to you by Mr. Penning, so far as they affect her ladyship. The evidence of the convict Billings she states to be without the shadow of a foundation in fact — at least that portion of it which relates to the late Master Arthur Spencelaugh; whether the rest of it be true or false, is a matter of no moment. Mrs. Winch, the respected landlady of the Hand and Dagger, is quite willing to admit that there was a child taken to White Grange by herself and brother, and that tho same child was after wards taken by Dr. Kreefe to America ; but that the child in ques tion was Master Arthur Spencolaugh, she most positively denies.- At -the proper time and place Mrs. Wincli will be prepared to prove who the child really was, and explain why it was found necessary to get him out of the country in such a surreptitious manner. For the rest, until this Mr. English turns up and proves his own case moro completely, and to better purpose, than his advocates have done for him, we shall sit down contented with the nine points of the law which we have in our favor. We don't think that this Mr. English will ever turn up in this neighborhood again. We believe him to have been wise in his generation, and to have 'made tracks,' as the Yankees say. Should he, however, have the rare impudence ever to show his face in this part of the country again we are quite pre pared to ha,vo him arrested as a NO RUBBINij WITH MAGNET SOAP common impostor. Six months' oakum- picking would, I opine, go far towards checking his ambitious proclivities for the future. I may ' add that Lady Spencelaugh cannot but feci intensely grieved that anyone for whom she has felt so warm an affection as she has for Miss Spencelaugh should have taken a course so unwarranted, so opposed to sense and good-feeling." Here Mr. Greenhough caught the vicar's eye fixed on him, and there was something in it which told him he had better stop. "But the subject is a painful one, and I refrain from adding more," he said, and then sat down. Mr. Penning rose. "We are not here to bandy accusations," he said, "but to set right, as far as in us lies, a great apparent wrong. As stated by me before, I am quite at a loss' how to account for the absence of Mr. Eng lish ; but I have no doubt that when that gentleman does return he will be able to furnish a Satisfactory ex planation of what at present seems so inexplicable. It is easy to call any man ah impostor ; but in the present case the terui is a simple absurdity, as no one knows better than Mr. Greenhough himself. The facts which have been laid befoi-6 you to-day 'having como to Miss Spence- laugh's knowledge, too late, I am sorry to say, for Sir Philip to be made, acquainted with them, Miss Spence laugh felt that this occasion, more than any other, was the one on which she ought to .relieve herself of a responsi bility which, she was no longer pre pared to carry alone. On you, reverend sir, and on your colleague, as executors under the will of the late lamented head of this family, that responsibility must now devolve ; and in the absence of the person chiefly concerned it will rest with you .to de cide, from what you have heard, as to what steps, if any,- you may deem it requisite to take in the- present con tingency. Whatever decision you may arrive at Miss Spencelaugh will abide by, but to say, as my legal friend has said, that the lady in question ought to have kept back the evidence which you have heard' this morning, is equiva lent to saying that she ought to have made herself accessory after the fact to what, if. our case be a genuine one, is one of the' most base and cruel con spiracies that ever came within the range of my experience. I say this without the slightest imputation on any person or persons here present. We can, however, go one step further in this extraordinary business, and one only ; but that step, if you are willing to sanction it, may prove a most im portant one in testing the value of the evidence which has been brought before you to- day — that evidence which ray legal friend has denounced as a whole sale piece of imposture. Gentlemen, we can open the coffin which is said to contain the body of Master Arthur Spencelaugh." At these ominous words a low cry of agony burst irrepressibly from the lips of Lady Spencelaugh, and a death like whiteness overspread her face. Gaston, thinking she was going to faint, sprang to her side, but she waved him impatiently away, and straight ened herself presently, and summoned back a little color to her cheeks, as though she were afraid lest anyone should see how powerfully Mr. Penning's last words had affected her. They had taken every one in the room by surprise. Mr. GrLenhongh was fairly puzzled.- His scepticism was beginning to be shaken in spite of himself. Up to this moment he had really looked upon the whole affair as a cleverly concocted con spiracy; but his observant eye had not failed to note Lady Spencelaugh's evi dent agitation; and the audacity of Mr. Penning's proposition almost took his breath away. Mr. Penning resumed. " You, Sir Michael, are, I believe, a county magis trate; and, unless I mistake you, re verend sir, are vicar of .the parish in which the church of Belair is situate; besides which, the family vault is pri vate property; and, as the executors of the late baronet, you have, I opine, full power in that capacity to act as I have indicated, should you think well to do so." " Really, Mr. Penning," -said the vicar, " this proposition . of yours is a most extraordinary -one, and one on which I and my colleague are not pre pared to 'decide without some consi deration. But, in any case, we cer tainly could not think of proceeding in such a matter without the concur rence of Sir Gaston Spencelaugh, whom, notwithstanding all that has been said this morning, I must still consider as the head of the family, and the owner of Belair." " It would be rank sacrilege !" ex claimed Lady Spencelaugh, addressing herself to the company for the first time that day. All present were struck by the change in her voice,, ordinarily so low, honeyed and cour teous, now so husky, and with an ill- concealed anxiety in its tones. " Gas ton, my dear boy, you must not allow this thing to take place. .Your father's bones will rise up in judgment against you if you do ' No — no — for my sake, you must not allow it I" "What have we to fear, mother?1' said Gaston, his pale olive face looking more haggard than ever, and his under- lip twitching nervously as he spoke. "You have already stated, or rather Mr. Greenhough has for' you, that the evidence we have heard this morning is a tissue of falsehoods, as far as you are concerned. Do you still adhere to that assertion ?" " I do, I do 1" said the miserable woman eagerly. " All lies, Gaston, dear, as far as I am concerned." " In that case, mother, we have nothing to be afraid of," said Gaston. "To open my poor brother's coffin, under such circumstances, cannot be any sacrilege. — Gentlemen," Jie added, coming forward to tho table, " what ever permission you require from me in this case, I grant freely and fully. Act as seems best to your own judg ment. For my mother and myself, I state emphatically that instead of shunning inquiry, we court, it. Let PRIMROSE I ORISP AND LIGHT- " your perquisition be as searching as possible ; . we have no fear of the result." " But Gaston, Gaston,'1 implored Lady Spencelaugh in a tone of agony, ." I tell you this must not be allowed ! Oh, it is horrible 1 For my sake, Gaston, you must not allow this !'' " Mother, in such a caso-ns this it is necessary," said Gaston, firmly. " The permission . I have given I cannot retract. Besides, such a proof will go far to show the utter worthlessness of this base scheme of imposture. Come, take my arm. For the present our business here is at an end." ' She gave one look into his face, and then seeing that his resolve was not to be shaken, with a low bitter sigh she took his arm and allowed herself to be led from the room, Mrs. Winch follow ing meekly. After a long consultation with Sir Michael, the vicar announced that Mr. Penning's proposition would be acceded to, and appointed the hour of six that evening as the time for the gofitlemen there present to meet at the church. To Frederica the day had seemed a long and terrible one. 'She thanked Heaven fervently that it was over at last, and that the weight of the dark -secret which she had carried about with her for so long a time would rest on her feeble shoulders no more. . CHAPTER XXX VH. the family vault. ' The vestry of the little church of Belair was a chilly and desolate- looking room, with its flagged floor and white-washed walls; with its straight-backed oaken chairs, and its little iron-barred windows ; and not all the efforts of the rheumatic qld sexton, who had lighted it up with a couple of wax candles and a sputtering fire of damp wood, could make it seem even tolerably cheerful. Hardly had 6 o'clock done striking when the vicar and Sir Michael arrived. Five minutes later came Mr. Greenhough and Mr. Penning, thickly powdered with snow- flakes, they having walked down to gether, arm-in-arm, from the Hall. When all were assembled the vicar opened a private cupboard and silently poured out four glasses of the excel lent port of which a small supply was always kept in stock ; and in silence it was discussed. " I named the hour of 6 as that for -our meeting here," said the vicar, " because I thought that what we are about to do had better be done under the friendly shade of darkness. What ever may be the result of our visit here this evening, we need not take the public into our confidenoe unless after- circumstances should compel us to do so. Jenkins, the sexton, is discretion itself ; and the position of this church is so solitary, that I hardly think it likely that we shall be observed by any inquisitive busybodies from the out side. And now, gentlemen, if you are ready, we will proceed to business." Jenkins being summoned, produced a huge horn lantern, which he pro ceeded to light up with one of the wax candles ; and then taking a large key from its nail on the wall, lie led the way out of the church ; and so by a narrow, gravelled path round one corner of the edifice to a spot where an iron door let into the wall, with a grating above it, and reached by a de scent of three or four steps, indicated tho entrance to the family vault of the peneelaughs. The old man turned the creaking key and pushed back the heavy door. . Contrasted against the whiteness outside, for the snow-flakes were still falling steadily, the entrance to the vault looked like the black cavernous vestibule to some old-world dungeon, some place of torture and imprisonment in years long past. Stopping for a moment to indulge in what might be appropriately termed a churchyard cough, the old sexton picked up his lantern again and went slowly in, followed one after one, by the others. If the atmosphere Had seemed cold and marrow-chilling in the room above it was twice as cold and marrow-chilling in this cavern of dead people. Ranged on tho marble slabs which ran round three sides of the vault were the black coffins of several generations of dead and gone Spencelaughs, all with a terrible sameness about them, seen by that dim light, as though they were merely the multiplied coffins of one dead person, who loved a frequent change of domicile. Ah, no! some three or four of them were those of children — blossoms plucked at their sweetest, while somewhat of Heaven's dew still lingered upon them. Although so few hours had passed since the funeral of Sir Philip, all traces of that ceremony had already been removed. The great flag over the centre of the vault had been put back into its place, and the baronet had found a last home on the slab ap pointed for him, A hushed and solerpu feeling crept over the hearts of the four visitors as they gazed around. In the reverent presence of the dead, all heads were uncovered. " This, sir, is the coffin you want to examine," said the sexton in dry creaking tones, as though the hinges of his voice were in want of oiling. " This is Master Arthur's coffin." And with that his old arms enoircled a child's coffin, and lifted it on to the black marble table which stood in the centre of the vault. As he did so a wreath of yellow everlastings slipped off it, and fell to the ground. " The poor child was not quite forgotten," said the vicar, as he picked up the wreath. — By whom was this token placed hero, Jenkins ? " "By Miss Frederica, sir. Every eighteenth of October — that was tho day Master Arthur died — she comes and puts a fresh wreath on liis coffin. She has never once missed doing it all these years. You see, sir, she and Master Arthur were play-fellows when they were children together, and very fond of one another. Lord ! I remember thorn both coming hand in hand to church, as if it was only t'other day. Master Arthur died when Miss Freddy was away from home ; and the first time she came here after she got back, PRIMROSE I MOST APPETISING. ' I' thought the pretty darling's heart would have broke. However, she gob over it in time ; but every year .since then, she has bropghb a wreath like what you see, and put it with her own hands on the coffin, and said a little prayer to herself, and then gone quietly away." " You have usually a good memory for such things," said the vicar : "tell mo, do you remember the funeral of Master Arthur Spencelaugh?" " That I do, sir," said the old man eagerly. "I recollect it as well as if it had happened only yesterday ; and a shabby funeral it were, though it's I that says so. Sir Philip was away in India at that time, and Lady Spence laugh was too ill to come ; so there was just nobody to see the last of the poor lad but that lame and ugly Dr. Kreefe, and a couple of undertaker's men. Mr. Rolfe, he were curate here at that time, and a fast reader he, was surely ; and he soon gabbled through the Service ; and they all seemed glad to hurry tho poor little chap out of sight. Before Sir Philip came home, there was a pretty white, tablet to the memory of Master Arthur put up by my ladv, just over the family pew ; and many a time has Sir Philip come here by himself to read what . there is written on it about his boy; and sometimes he would say : 'It was a sad day's work for me, Jenkins, when my poor Arthur died.'" The old man paused-, more from lack; of breath than want of words. It. might be' nothing more than fancy, but to every .one there it seemed as. if the light shed by the lantern was slowly growing dimmer and less able to pierce the 'gloom of the vault, which seemed to hold within its chill precincts the concentrated darkness of many years — a darkness that thickened the air, and was infinitely more intense than the blackness of the blackest night in the churchyard without. " Eh, sirs ! but it's a poor light to work by,' said Jenkins ; and so saying, he opened the door of the lantern, and took out the caudle to snuff it ; but as -he did bo, a sudden gust of mingled wind and snow burst through thegrating over the iron door, and extinguished the light, and sweeping through the vault, rushed out again by the way it had come ; and as it did so, it seemed- to the excited fancy of more than one there present as though the silent people lying so near them turned over in their resting-places, and whispered uneasily among themselves. Jenkins was the only one entirely unmoved by this little accident;. The old sexton was as much at home among dead people as though he wore smoking his pipe in his own chimney- corner ; and he probably felt a sort of kindly contempt for such of them as rested humbly in the churchynrd as a class of individuals who had a weakness for in truding their bones on the notice of survivors. He now proceeded delibe rately to strike a match on the sole of- his boot, and to re-light the candle, muttering something to himself mean while ubout its being pleasant, season able weather. "Am I to begin, sir ?" he said to the vicar when lie had put the candle out of tho way of a similar accident., " I have got my screw-driver here ready.1' " One cannot help feeling somewhat reluctant to obtrude upon the sacred repose of the dead," said the vicar, addressing his companions. " But in an . exceptional case like the present one, where the truth cannot be arrived at by ordinary means, I think we may consider that we are fully justified in taking such a step — Jenkins, you may begin." Jenkins whipped the screw-driver nimbly out of his pocket, and then pro ceeded to rub his nose with it appre ciatively, while regarding the coffin with a critical eye ; evidently he had a- ghastly' sort of relish for the task before him. " My screw, gentlemen, don't seem inclined to bite," said Jenkins, speak ing thus of the nail. But at last the screw did bite, yielding slowly and grudgingly to tho force of the imple ment. " A famous fellow !" said the old man, holding up the nail between his thumb and finger. " One of death's double teeth — he, he 1" All present turned suddenly. They felt, by the quick, keen rush of snow- laden air, that the iron door was being opened by someone from the outside, They turned, to see a black, snow-sprinkled figure, half standing, half crouching, at the entrance to the vault. It was a woman's figure, but ' the face, was- hidden, in part by the black hood drawn closely over the head, and in part by the white, delicate hands. " Oh, not too late I say that I am not too late !" It was Lady Spence laugh's voice, but strangely altered. ' She staggered forward as she spoke, like one suddenly struck blind, till she stood by the table in the centre of the vault on which rested the little coffin. " Do not . touch that 1" she exclaimed. " It contains not. what you think — what it does contain matters not. I confess every thing. Arthur Spencelaugh did not die. I sent him away to White Grange, from which place he was taken to America by the Kreefes. I wanted the title and estates for my own son. I have carried tho wretched secret about with me for 20 years, only to have it wrenched from me at the moment the reward seemed in my grasp. Pardon me—pity me, if you. will ; I care not. I 'only ask to die — to die — to die ! ' As the last words came' almost inaudibly from her lips, she sank in a dead faint on tho floor of the vault. Mr. Greenhough ran to support her ; and then, with the assistance of the other gentlemen, she was carried out, and through the churchyard, and into the vestry. Scarcely had they got there with their burden, when Mrs. Winch made her appearance. That faithful retainer, having left Lady Spencelaugh for a few minutes, and missing her when she returned, had divined, as by instinct, whither her .Ladyship had gone, and had at once hurried after her. Finding, after PRIMROSE 1 MADE FROM ENGLISH RECIPES. a time, that Lady Spencelaugh showed signs Cf returning conscious ness, the gentleman left her to the Care of the landlady, with a promise, to send a carriage down from the Sail. ' j As Mr. Greenhough and Mr. Penn ing walked back through the snowy park, saicl tho former : " Even if all this be true that . we have just heard, it by no .means proves that your man is the genuine Simpn Pure." Mr. Penning smiled a little loftily. "We shall see what we shall see," he said, with the air of an oracle ; and with that, as by mutual consent, the affair was put on one side for the morrow's settlement ; and Greenhough related a capital story of a hanging judge, which Penning, capped with ".a good thing, sir, told me by Dawkins, Q.C." " Cheer up my Lady,'' whispered Mrs. Winch reassuringly, ih the ear of ' the prostrate woman, whose head lay on her shoulder. "All is- not lost, even after what you have told them. .The game is still our own. ' You re member the words of the telegram : ' The Ocean Child has foundered with all on board.' Nothing can keep Mr. Gaston out of tho title and tho estates ; and, for his sake, what you have said to-night will be hushed up and for gotten." CHAPTER XXXIL . waiting for jerry. The clock had just struck 9 on the evening of the day wluch had wit nessed such strange events at Belair, and Gurney Brackenridge was sitting at home in slippered ease, concocting for himself a tumbler of his favorite beverage. He was alone in the house, ' for Hanuah had got a few days' holi day to visit some friends, and the chemist's domestic- comforts were looked after by Mrs. Jakeway in tho interim. The world had prospered 6omewhati with Gurney Brackenridge since we saw him last. Although, he had never received the £300 which had been promised him in case he should suc ceed in a certain service, which, as events turned out, it had been found impossible to perform, lie had yet been handsomely paid for his trouble in other ways, and especially for the neat detective-lijte style in which he had tracked J olin English from Pevsey Bay to a berth on board the Ocean Child, fast clipper ship, bound for New York,. Then, again, it was satisfactory to know that the widow's long-stand ing promise to marry him was likely at last to have a speedy fulfilment. Mrs, Winch had been in strangely good spirits ever since the receipt of his telegram containing the' news of tho loss . of the Ocean Child, which had foundered a few days after leaving the Mersey, and while Brackenridge was still in Liverpool. The first of May had been fixed for the forthcoming nuptials ; aud, all things considered, the chemist ought to have been, if not in a happy, at least in a contented frame of mind. . But such was by no means the case. The old sore was still festering secretly, ancl, he refused to let it heal. ' He felt himself to be an ill-used and terribly aggrieved indi vidual, because his future wife still persisted in her resolution not to enlighten him as to tho nature of tbo secret bond which held her and Lady Spencelaugh so firmly together, and mixed up the interests of both so in explicably with those of John English. Not only did the widow refuse to enlighten him now, but she gave him, besides, distinctly to understand that even after marriage the -secret .would remain as heretofore her own property, and bo in nowise shared by him ; and ho was too well acquainted with tlie resolute character of Martha Winch not to feel cortain that she would keep her word in this respect ia spite of all that he might say or do. Therefore did Gurney Brackenridge brood darkly over the slight which, as he conceived, was put upon him. Be sides, how utterly and inconceivably foolish on the part of any one in pos session of a secret affecting the happi ness and welfare of another, and that other a person well up in the social scale, one who could well afford to pay for tho keeping of it, to allow such a golden chance to slip, when it might be had for the more grasping ! It was not the chemist's style of doing busi ness. To him it would have been as a little gold-mine ; as a perennial source of income ; bringing with it possibili ties of unlimited cessation from work, with French brandy in unstinted quantity, and an exciting life in London and Paris. His dark reverie was suddenly put to flight by the familiar click of the garden gate, followed next minute by a' loud "double-knock at the front door. " That's J erry's knock, I'll wager any- thiug. What can the fool want with me to-night ?" He got up, and opened the door with a cordial greeting, for he always made a point of keeping in Jerry's good graces. " What has brought you here,, my man, at this time of the night ?" said Brackenridge, as Jerry sat down bashfully on the proffered chair, whilo his bright eyes roved purposelessly about the little room. "Jerry has just come from Belair," said the lad. " He has gob to post a letter for my lady, and he was to leave another here on the way. There were five black crows sitting all of a row as Jerry went through the park this afternoon ; that means that something bad is going to happen to somebody." The chemist held, out his hand im patiently for the letter, and Jrry, after d. little fumbling, produced it. Brackenridge at once recognised the. widow's writing.' He tore it open, and read as under : — " Dear Gurney, — I have been up at Belair all day, and am just going home very tired, and far from well. I send you this by Jerry to save you the trouble of walking down to-night, as I shall at once go to bed on reaching home. Look in, however, in tho morn ing as you go to business. — Sincerely yours, _ ' M. W." " I might have known better," mur- mured the chemist bitterly to himself as he refolded tho note, " than to think that she would let out anything of importance to me." He paused for a moment, with the letter still between his fingers. What was it that Jerry had said? That he was taking to the post a letter written by_ Lady Spencelaugh ! Any letter written by Lady Spencelaugh might, perchance, contain some reference to that secret which, day and night, weighed so heavily on the chemist's mihd. Such being the case, supposing that lie, Brackenridge, could get at the contents of this letter, might he ' not, by such means, chance to light on tho key of the secret, and so, despite1 the widow's efforts, constitute him self master of tho situtation? The thought was a grand ono— one that made his blood flush hotly in "his veins ; but how to carry it out ? Jerry's incorruptibility as a messenger was known to him of old; by' artifice only could ho hope to obtain possession of the letter. But how 1 He mixed him self another tumblor of his favorite stimulant, in the hope that it might i. tend 'to '<sharpen' his dulled wits, chatting- meanwhile with JerJry on any indifferent topic that camd upper- most. Ah ! an excellent thought ! Suggested by. the fiend, doubtless, but none the worse for that. " And is Mogaddo quite well ?'' said the chemist, changing the conversation abruptly. "The salubrity of his lordship's health is wonderful," answered Jerry. " Then he pines no longer for the loss of the pretty Pipanta ?" said Brackenridge. " Alas I no. Tho darling is for gotten already," said the simpleton mournfully — " forgotten by all but Jerry. But the memory of Pipanta is still dear to Jerry's heart." " Would Jerry like to see his Pipanta again ?" asked the chemist. " Pipanta is dead, and buried under the Witches' Oak, and will never dance to her lord's music again. The great ICatafango charmed her life out of her, and now only the Lord Mo gaddo is left, who whispers strange secrets in Jerry's ear at the full o"the moon." " Yes, bub I can conjure back tho ghost of Pipanta, so that Jerry can see it, but not touch it," said tho chemist. " But J erry is afraid of ghosts,'' urged the lad. " J erry will be a ghost himself some day, and dance at mid night under' the Witches' Oak, and frighten' folk till they go crazy. He ! he 1 a grand life 1 a rare life 1" " But it would not frighten you to see Pipanta," ' said Brackenridge. " You shall see her dance as she used to do on that window-blind." "But you won't let her come near Jerry?" said the lad; with a look of terror. " Don't be afraid man," said the chemist. ' I've no wish to harm you." Speaking thus, he opened a door which led into another " iom, and after an absence of about h. . a minute he returned, carrying something white in his < hand— a handkerchief saturated with some liquid which diffused a faint, peculiar odor through the room. Jerry's eyes were fixed on him sus piciously. " Tut, man 1 you're not afraid of me, I hope,' said the chemist with or boisterous laugh. " You haven't got tho pluck of a' mouse. Chut 1 how you tremble. I tell you- again you have nothing to fear. Now keep your eyes fixed firmly on the blind of the window opposite to you, while I hold this for you to smell at, and presently you will see the figure of the pretty Pipanta begin to show itself on the blind — faint at first, and tnen clearer and clearer, till you will see her as plainly as though she were alive before you." : Even before he had done speaking hehad placed himself behind Jerry's chair, and, , half encircling the lad with one arm, pressed the saturated hand kerchief to his nostrils, with the other. Jerry made one or two abortive efforts to get away, but the chemist's iron arm held him remorsely, and in a few seconds the lads eyes closed softly, his head dropped backward against Brackenridge's chest, while an expres sion strangely sweet and solemn dif fused itself over his face, which but a minute before had been troubled by a dim suspicion of the chemist's 'good faith, mingled with a vague dread of the coming apparition. "Jericho ! why, the lad's gone already i" said Brackenridge to himself. "It doesn't take much to knock him over, anyhow.'' Speaking thus, he flung the handkerchief to the other side of the room, aud lifting Jerry in his arms as easily as though he were a child he de posited the unconscious lad on a sofa, with his head supported by the cushions. "Now for tho letter ! mut tered Brackenridge. One by one Jerry's pockets were lightly examined, and then his hat; but the letter was nowhere to be found. " It must be here," mur mured the chemist, as he proceeded to unbutton Jerry's waistcoat. And there it was, and there, too, was Jerry's pet, Mogaddo; and just as the chemist's fingers were on the point of grasping the paper the reptile, lifting its head angrily from the folds of flannel in which it had been concealed, made a swift sudden dart and bit ' Bracken ridge in the wrist. The chemist drew back his hand with a fearful oath, but next instant he had seized the reptile firmly between his thumb and finger, and, dragging it from its cosy nest, ho carried it writhing across the room, and, throwing open a back window, hurled it with all his strength far out into the frosty night. His next pro ceeding was to take a piece of live-coal from the fire, and, holding it with the tongs, to pressit firmly on his wrist at the spot where the reptile had bitten it, till it had . burned away tho flesh almost to the bone. The agony was so intense that great drops of perspiration burst out on his forehead, and he bit his lip till he left a mark on it which was visible for several days. When he had put back the coal into the fire lie hastened to pour out and drink off half a. tumbler of neat brandy, and after that he pro ceeded to bandage up his wrist as well as he was able with his disengasred hand. Now for the letter. Poor Jerry still lay without sense or motion, utterly unconscious of the fate which had be fallen his favorite. Brackenridge took the letter without fear. He saw, with some surprise, that the address was unmistakably in a man's writing, but as the envelope was merelv fastened in tho ordinary . way and not sealed there would be no difficulty in master ing tho contents. A little copper kettle was boiling cheerily by the (ire, and all that it was requisite to do was to let the current of steam play on the gummed part of the envelope for a little while and the thing was done. The chemist's fingers trembled a little as he took the folded paper out of the envelope and turned to the lamp to read it. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 