COKFrUMATlON AT .RUTHRR G TjRN. On Tuesday, l)r. Ituvillo visited Rntherglcn, mi company with the Revs, Cnrohiu und Gulley, nml administered the Sacrament of Confirmation to fi2 children—boys hntl girls;' Mr C. Glnsgow acted ns sponsor ' for ' the hoys, and Alias Struughuir for tho girls. Mass was celebrated by the Uev, Father Guffey, after which His' Lordship preached an eloquent and very impressivo sermon, taking for his text Acts of the Apostles, 1 st chapter, 1 to 11 verso. The former treatise 1 made, 0 Thenphihis, of all things which Jesus began to do and to teach, until the day of which, giving com mondmcnts by the Holy Ghost to tho. apostles whom he had chosen, he was taken up. To whom also showed himself alive after Ins pas sion, by many proofs, for forty days appearing to them, and speaking of the kinugon of God. And eating together with them, he commanded them that they Bhould not depart from Jerusalem, but should wait for the promise of tlio father, which you have herrd (saith ho) by my mouth : for John indeed baptised with water, but you shall be baptized with the ITiily Ghost not many days lienee. They therefore who were come together, asked him, saying : Lord, wilt though at this time restore tlio kindgptn to Israel 1 Hut ho said to them : It is uot for you to know thu times or mo ments which* the Father hath put in his own power ; but you shall receive the power of the Holy Ghost coming upon you, and you shall be witnesses to me in Jerusalem and in all Judea and Samaria, and even to the utmost part of tlio earth. Ami when he hud said these tilings, while they looked on, lie was raised up, and a cloud received him out of their sight. And while tile;/ were beholding him going un to heaven, behold, two moo stood by them in white garments, who also said : Ve men of Galilee, why stand you looking op to heaven 1 This Jesus who is taken up from ,vo" will so come as you have scon him going into heaven. During the discourse, His Lordship very impressively nnd clearly pointed on; the meaning of the words in thu text, and the manner in which they were carried out by the Apostles. IIis Lord slop pointed out that, after the glorious resurrection Jesus, instead of ascending into Heaven, prcfeired to remain with man for 40 days, thnt lie might teach His Apostles what they lind to do. Even while lie wns dying mid suffering from the wounds of ungrateful men, Hu forgot His sufferings and said “They know not wlint they do." Wo inny look upon ourselves ns His brothers nnd sons of Mary, who watches ovor nnd pleads for us. He remained 40 days with His Apostles fer our benefit, giving them authority to go forth and teaeli all nations, nnd baptize tlrm in the name o[ (lie Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. He told them He would send to them tho Holy Ghost to lake Ilis place, nnd its spirit would descend upon them amk they would go fortli nnd spread tlio knowledge of the Gospel. When tlio Holy Ghost descended upon the apostles they were no longer afraid to hear testimony to Him, ami Peter filled with tho Holy Spirit went and addressed the peoplo, not being afraid thnt lie would he pul to death, and the result was tlint 3001' Jews gave up their religion and took to the true Faith. As Peter was going into the synngnguo lie met a Innto man seeking alms, and Peter said unto him I have neither silver or gold, hut wlmt I lmvo I will give, and asked in tho nnmo of God that tlio man should walk, nnd the lumo man got up and walked into the temple and thanked the Lord. Peter said unto the peoplu do not think thatl have performed this by my own power, but by that of God. His Lord ship then dwelt upon tlio apostles being persecuted, nnd going out into the world to tench the truths of tho Gospel. When tho apostles wont forth thu whole w»rld, except a few, wero in ignorance of the Gospel, ami enjoyed themselves with plensure and worshipping Gods they built themselves. His Lordship then, in impres sive words, illustrated tho many hardships and trials that the npostles had to go through, and nrgod upon the congregation to follow in their footsteps, impressing upon the parents of children tho great trust that had been imposed in them to bring them up in God’s way, and told them to sot tlio children a good example, stating that if tlio parents were careless and neglected attending mass, and staying away from the duties of their church, the children would he found to follow in tlioir footsteps. If tho parents did not give encouragement nnd sot a good example, tlioir teaching would liavo but little effect. The parents should set a good example by attending mass regularly n»d attending to their duties, and also preparing tlio children for their saernineut, ami in this manner carry out ilie work commenced by tlio apostles. They should ail look to the many weaknesses nud dangers they were surrounded with, and seek the friendship of Almighty God, for there was no happiness in this world -without the spirit of religion. His Lordship then called tho children about' to be -confirmed to tlio altar rail, and in, a few pleasant and appropriate words told them the great duty they were about to perform thnt day to their church by becoming confirmed Catholics. It had given him great pleasure to find upon ex amining the childron the previous day thnt tho majority of them wero well versed with the Holy Spirit and thoir catechism, nnd tliero wore only a fen who were backward, nnd lie felt sure tlint . those few would now endeavor to make up for what they had neglected. It was not tho children’s fault, for he found that they were very intelligent, but ’ contributed, thtiv back wardness in the catechism to the pnronts neglecting their duty in instructing the children. Ho had seldom had the pleas ure of confirming children better prepared nnd with such good ability ns tlioso ho examined the previous day. IHb Lord ship then ediiiinisterod the Sacrament of Confirmation to the children. After confirmation llis Lordship again addressed the children, urging upon them the great necessity of fulfilling the pledges that they had taken, and trusted that they would always l>e attentive to their church duties. IIis Lordship further got the children to take a pledge to abstain from intoxicating liquors until they were 21 years of age, nnd the candidates over 16 years for five years, after which Ilia Lord ship gave his blessings to the children, ami liusted they would always follow in the footsteps of the Apostles. Several members of the congregation then advanced to the altar, and on behalf of the congregation Mr C. Glasgow read the following address :— To tho Bight Rev. S. lloville, D.D., O.S.A., Bishop of Ceram, and Coadjutor Bishop of Sandhurst, May it please Tear Lordship, your people of tiie district of Ilutherglcu hail with warm hearts yonr 'dvunt among them. They know thu many duties Your Lordship is united upon to perform, and tire long journeys you are called upon to undergo in tile exercise of your Kpiseopul functions timong cite scattered people oi your diueese; hence they value the more voiir visit here to-day. Wo therefore tender you a very warm and a very hearty welcome. The golden link of union, our pride nnd our glory, whieh so beautifully hinds together pastors and people, will, no doubt, receive additional strength by Your Lordship’s visit here to-dn.v, nnd will serve to keep alive the Spirit of faith in which we trust, we move nnd live, nnd lmve our being. \Ve beg to assure you of our warm attach ment to our Church here, and our gr at desiro to further its every interest, and in a word to go hand and hand with our pastor and Your Lordship in every work they deem .. necessary for tiie honor nnd glory of God., \Ye wish to thank you on tho part of our children for administering to them the strengthening Sacrament of Confirmation, and we trust they will always remember the day, nnd tlmt they will keep up to its significance. Wishing Your Lordship many yearn of health, and trusting to see you often amongst us, we are, on the part of our congregation, your devoted servants, Wm. Meehan, Titos. Macguihe, C. II. Grondona, Tnos. Drenkn, Tiios. Cabby, Daniel Glasgow. Daniel King. Tnos. Looney, Jun. Ilis Lordship thanked the congregation for their nicely worded address, and trust ted tho unity that existed between tho congregation nnd their pastors would con tinue, and that they would ho spnred to work together. Ho was pleased to sea that since his last visit the chinch had been enlarged nnd beautified, and trusted that they would continue in their good work. Ho was extremely grateful to them for the very handsome reception they had given him, and the kind manner in whieh they had alluded to him in the address. On Saturday II is Lordship, will ad minister confirmation at Barnawnrlha, nnd will again bo presented with an address from the congregation, nnd on Sunday confirmation servico will be held at Ohil torn, after whieh the pnrishonersof Chiltern will avail themselves of the opportunity of presenting an address. Sensational value -in Drapery, —D, G. Hamilton lias just opened number large purchase of Winter Goods, bought 20 per cent under Knglish Cost (nl though not W, Watson and Sons Insolvent Stock), will he sold to Ituthcrglen Public at Nett Wholesale Prices, D. G, Hamilton, Greatest Cush Draper in the District. [Advt.] . ' d Accident at Corown.—A fatal accident occurred on Saturday at Daysdale to a young man 22 years of ago. He hnd bought a horso at an auction sale, nnd whilst leading it'away ho was pulled down and kicked on the head, the skull being frnoturod and the brain injured. He was picked up in an unconscious condition, and died on tho road to the hospital. II* was an only sou, and the main help to his father. ! ; s' 