SOUTH AUSTRALIAN BAPTIST ASSOCIATION. The second annual gathering under the desig- nation "camp meeting" was held at Brook- aide—Mr. J. Scott's grounds—on Saturday. The afternoon was most agreeable, and rendered the scene most attractive. The profusion of flowers in the gardens, with the shrubs, trees, and grasses, made the whole charming. We noticed at the gateway of entrance the words were printed "Brookside— 1838." This "1838" carries us back very far into the colony's early history—"us," indeed ; only a very few can now properly register themselves under that "us." It may be that not one of the 400 people who enjoyed on Saturday a stroll in these grounds of the late Captain Scott knew by actual experience anything of South Australia in 1838. Rains had fallen on Friday, and therefore not knowing how the next day might turn out it was arranged to prepare the barn which was utilized last year for the expected company. It is a capacious building and looked on Satur- day afternoon well filled. Special trams brought the people from the city and at 6 o'clock conveyed them back. The Rev. S. Mead presided. The singing was hearty, a large choir being present.and Mr. Tuck was at the harmonium. The Y.M.C.A. Rambling Club also made this spot their rendezvous and helped to impart spirit to the gathering. Mr. Mead, explained that it was not exactly a meeting for evangelistic objects, but for the definite enrichment of Christian life. He referred to the convention lately held at Geelong and said this was a sort of miniature convention. Some of them believed they knew that a life of prac- ical holiness was the only proper normal Christian style of living. The Revs. J. G. Wright, W. E. Rice, and E. J. Hen- derson spoke from the platform. After refreshments had been partaken of there was an outdoor meeting held. The Rev. S. Fairey presided and the Revs. A. E. Green, C. F. Smith, and J. Nancarrow gave their testimonies, as also did several friends belonging to the sisterhood. The people were well satisfied with the afternoons proceed- ings and pleased that the Baptists were prac- tising their band at such open-sky assemblies, and were lifting up high the banner with the motto "Holiness." Mr. A. S. Neill, J.P., the retiring President of the Baptist Association, entertained at a thoroughly enjoyable social gathering in the North Adelaide Institute on Monday evening, October 12, ministers, delegates, Sunday-school Superintendents and teachers, Deacons, Elders, and other prominent officials and workers to the number of between 400 and 500\. The hall was tastefully decorated with elegant drapings and a wealth of floral loveli- ness. The host and Mrs. Neill received the guests at the entrance, and some time was spent in unrestrained acquaintance making or re- newing and friendly greetings. Then the President stated the object of the assembly, which was to inaugurate the annual meetings of the denomination. He introduced the Rev. G. Hill, M.A., of Collins-street Baptist Church, Melbourne, who after a warm welcome, in a happy vein gave his first impressions of Australian heartiness and hospitality, and blending humour with wisdom offered some valued advice. The Rev. G. Hogben, of Magill, Vice-President, spoke briefly of the beneficial effect of such assemblages of Christian labourers. Mrs. W. E. Rice, wife of the busy General Secretary, ably and feelingly advocated the claims of the Society of Ministering Children. As a working man the brother of the President-elect dealt with the relations of the Churches to the working classes. Mr. W. Neill, J.P., followed with a terse address upon. the duties of Church officers. Musical con- tributions from Mrs. H. H. Norman and Mrs. E. W. Oldham were much appreciated, Mrs Hay acting as efficient accompanist. Light refreshments were abundantly supplied. The proceedings, after a warm acknowledgment, moved bv Mr. G. S. Fowler, J.P., seconded by Mr. C. H. Goode, J.P., closed with singing and prayer. Business practically began on Tuesday at the Flinders-street Baptist Church. In the morning a ministers' meeting was held, when addresses were given, and in the after- noon several letters from the Churches were dealt with. There was a large atten- dance at the "Zenana supper" given in the evening. It differed from the usual class of spreads in name only. At an after meeting Mrs. W. E. Rice presided and delivered a pleasing address. She impressed upon young ladies the work there was yet to do in connection with missions in India. They should all do their share in helping it forward. Miss Pappin, a missionary who has done good work in India then addressed the gathering. She related what had been going on at Furreed- pore since she left the Mission there, being made acquainted with the work by letters from Misses Tuck and Parsons. The workers at Furreodpore had opened up new depots of labour. A class of high-caste Hindu girls had been established. Although the missionaries had to go to the houses and accompany the girls to and from the class, it was easy for them to do so for Christ's sake. Much good was also being done in imbuing with Christian knowledge the poorer classes. Native children were being instructed, and Miss Pappin asked the congregation for their especial prayers for the Sunday-schools of India. She expressed disappointment and sorrow at having no one to take back with her to Furreedpore. After having visited more than sixty places in Australia, and held over 120 meetings not one lady had offered herself for the work. The Rev. G. Hill, M.A., of Collins-street, Melbourne, and recently from England, made an appeal on behalf of Zenana Missions. He referred to the life the Hindu women led, and said zenana meant to them dulness, dreariness, and misery. Miss Arnold, another missionary from India, also addressed the meeting. The annual meetings of the Association were continued on Wednesday, when there was a large attendance of members. Mr. A. S. Neill (President) occupied the chair. After devotional exercises reports were submitted. Mr. W. Neill read the College Fund report. Votes of thanks were tendered to the Revs. S. Mead, M.A., LL.B., and W. Bell, M. A., for their honorary professional duties in teaching the students. As the students needed support it was agreed that the Churches should be appealed to for funds. Adopted. Mr. Q. Stow Smith's Building Fund report showed that £12,500 had been given to the Jubilee Fund. Lasting good would result from this permanent Building Fund, which originated seven years ago, being for the assis- tance of Churches identified with the S.A. Baptist Association by Ioans of money for the erection or purchase of Church and school buildings or manses and in the reduction of debts on such properties. In certain urgent cases the time for repayments had been extended from five to ten years, thereby relieving the Churches from heavy burdens. Assistance had been rendered in the erection of small Churches at South and West Broken Hill, and also at Mannum. The capital of the new Building Fund stood at £12,516 10s. 2d. Twenty-eight Churches were now benefiting by the fund and with one exception all amounts authorized by the Managers had been duly paid over. Appli- cations had been received from eight Churches - for existing debts, amounting to £1,020. Of this amount £400 had been paid, and the balance would be discharged on receipt of the John Martin bequest (£1,000 less 10 per cent. duty), which their Managers hoped to receive in November next. Mr. C. H. Goode, read the balance-sheet, which showed:—Cr.— To Capital and Expenses Fund, £2,29618s. 2d. Dr.—By South Australian Baptist Jubilee Fund, £2,289 5s. 9d.; by balance in Banks, £7 12s. 5d. The South Australian Baptist Jubilee Fund balance sheet for the year ending August 31 showed:—Cr.—To capital account, August 31, 1890, £10,241 7s. 10d.; receipts— Subscriptions, Jubilee Herald newspaper, Jubilee festival, £68; capital, August 31, 1891, £10,309 7s. 10d.; South Australian Bap- tist Building Fund. £2,289 5s. 9d. = £12,598 13s. 7d. Dr.—By free grants to Churches, grants, loans at interest, and excess debts paid, £12,342 4s. 10d.; interest in arrear, £15 4s. 5d.; interest paid to Churches, expenses, postages, sta- tionery, &o.;, £89 15s. 10d.; balance in Banks, £151 &c.; 6d. = £12,598 13s. 7d. Report and balance- sheet adopted. Mr. W. Neill read the annual report of the Managers of the Aged Ministers' Relief Fund, incorporated to the South Australian Baptist Association. The surplus income over dis- bursements, amounting to £97, had been added to the capital. The total of capital and reserve now amounted to £2,901, and the fund held at credit of ministers in the Endowment Branch was £710. This latter was less than last year owing to the withdrawal of one minister, who left the colony. The number of ministers now connected with the fund was eighteen. Life policies held amounted to £3,100, as against £2,300 last year. Interest on investments was paid with satisfactory regularity, and the securities were considered sound. Their committee had made some needful amendments in the regulations of the fund. The time was ripe for increasing the Aged Ministers' Fund. At present any amount not exceeding £6 paid by a minister for life insurance or endowment was subsidized pound for pound out of that fund. That enabled something to be done, but not enough. The principles upon which the fund was based and the method of its opera- tions they considered superior to anything they had seen elsewhere, but the machinery was worked by an engine of insufficient power. What was needed was an addition of £2,000 to £3,000 to the invested capital of the fund, and it rested with the denomination to supply that. The report was adopted, and after some dis- cussion the following resolution was passed :— "That this meeting, believing that the support which may be accorded to our ministers in their work by the Association funds, and in their old age by the Aged Ministers' Fund, can be made adequate to their need, commends these institutions to the more liberal support of the Churches, and that the attention of the Managers of the Aged Ministers' Fund be called to the importance of increasing their fund so as to render larger assistance to those in need." The twenty-eighth annual report read by the Secretary (Rev. W. E. Rice) included the following:—"Grants-in-aid have been made to the Churches at Port Pirie, Yorke's Peninsula, Petersburg, Orroroo, Georgetown, Terowie, Clare, Goodwood, Hindmarsh, Mannum, Knightshridge, Mount Barker, Stockport, and Broken Hill South. The ministerial changes during the year have been as follows:—Rev. J. R. Wallbank has removed from Petersburg to Georgetown, and the Rev. R. Taylor from Mannum to Petersburg; Rev. J. Robertson has left Georgetown and become the pastor of the Church at Mount Gambier; the Rev. C. F. Smith has relinquished the charge of the Church at Orroroo in order to study at the Adelaide University; and the Rev. D. Davis, late of Woollahra, N.S.W., has taken his place at Orroroo; Rev. D. Stuart has left Alberton and returned to Eng- land; Rev. F. Boyling has removed from Kapunda and settled at Alberton; Rev. G. W. Carter has resigned the pastorate of the Beryl-street Church at Broken Hill; Rev. W. Gilmour.has removed from Terowie and has settled at Broken Hill; and Rev. L. Shackle- ford has resigned his charge of the Church at Norwood and will terminate his ministry in November next; Mr. G. Berry has ceased to supply the pulpit at Knightshridge. The com- mittee have experienced a good deal of diffi- culty in providing ministers for vacant Churches, and in view of the fact that several Churches are still without pastors, the Revs. S. Mead and W. E. Rice were commissioned to write to the Presidents of the Regent's Park and Metropolitan Tabernacle Colleges asking that four young men who would not object to do country work might he sent out, the com- mittee defraying half second-class travelling expenses. These letters have been sent but replies have not come to hand yet. The only new minister who has come amongst us during the year is the Rev. D. Davis, formerly of Woollahra, New South Wales, now pastor of the Church at Orroroo. The work at Broken Hill South and West under the care of Rev. E. J. Tuck has been of a most encouraging nature. A Church building has been erected in each place, and at Broken Hill South not only erected but enlarged during the year. Churches have been made, many outsiders gathered in, and much interest awakened in the work generally. A preaching station has also been opened at Broken Hill North. New Churches have been erected at Clare and at Blackrock, and in both instances have been opened free of debt. At Mount Barker school and class rooms have been erected at a cost of some £300, and also opened free of debt. A new manse, valued at about £700, has been completed at Gumeracha during the year and was free from debt. Proposals are under consideration for the erec- tion of a new Church at Port Pirie. College work has been again resumed. Three young men (Messrs. H. E. Hughes, E. B. Turner, and J.R. Wallbank) have been accepted as students, and are now under the tutorial care of the Rev. S. Mead, M.A., LL.B., and the Rev. W. Bell, M.A . The Rev. J. Price, who for- merly served the denomination so well as tutor, was unable on account of failing health to take that position again, and the Rev. W. Bell was appointed in his stead. Half-yearly meetings were held at the Semaphore, and were a decided success. Truth and Progress, under the Edi- torship of the Rev. E. J. Henderson and the business management of Mr. Newing, has had a more successful career than for many years. Through the diligent efforts of these gentlemen the cir- culation has been increased and our denomi- national organ for once placed in a sound financial condition. The denominational library has been augmented by the addition of forty-three books, presented by various friends. The Librarian (Mr. J. Ellis) reports that there are now 852 volumes catalogued, and that forty-eight books have been borrowed during the year. After a prolonged absence Mr. and Mrs. G. S. Fowler are home again. We are pleased to welcome to our annual meetings this year the Rev. G. Hill, M.A., the co-Pastor of the Collins-street Baptist Church, Melbourne. Annual meetings of the Victorian Baptist Union are to be held in November, when, according to the triennial arrangement which exists between the three colonies, it is Victoria's turn to receive dele- gates from New South Wales and South Australia. Our General Secre- tary (Rev. W. E. Rice) has been appointed to represent us on that occasion. The abstract of income and expenditure for the year ending August 31, 1891 showed— Receipts—Collections, &c.;, annual meetings, £20 3s. 10d.; personal subscriptions, £21 9s.; special donations, £149 15s.; Truth and Progress, repayment of loan, £50; refunded by Furreedpore Mission, £2 5s.; refunded by Jubilee Fund, £2 10s.; subscrip- tions from various Churches, £668 15s. 8d; total, £914 18s. 6d. Expenditure—Balance due Treasurer, ministers' travelling expenses, grants to various Churches, &c.;, £1,044 2s. 5d.; leaving a balance due to the Treasurer of £129 3s.11d. Report and balance-sheet adopted. President's Address. The Rev. G. Hogben took the chair on Mr. A. S. Neill retiring in his favour after eulogizing the rev. gentleman and wishing him a pleasant term of office. Mr. Hogben delivered a lengthy and fervent address. He said the Church could never be purer than her individual members. Carelessness about sin and the holding of loose notions about it were too manifestly prevalent. How lightly thought of were bad tempers and other uncontrolled passions, the tricks of trade, wasting a master's time, inconsiderateness towards servants, lavish expenditure, or hoarding of personal gra- tification, niggardly giving to God,covetousness, and many other evils. How they needed the Holy Spirit to convince the Church of sin, as well as the world. As long as the disciples of Christ lived unholy lives the spirit could not use them to reprove the world. It was the duty and the glorious privilege of every Chris- tian to live a holy life, a life that consisted not simply in attending meetings, however special their character, nor merely in holding Scriptu- ral views upon the subject of holiness, nor even in walking blamelessly before men, but a life that in all its secret paths and its hidden motives was ever kept under the brilliant, searching light of God's spirit and in that Spirit's purifying fire. The land gospel, the social gospel, the gospels of science and of rationalism, the gospel of human goodness must all fail when brought to the supreme test—would they restore to man the likeness of God and bring him into communion with God? The Church needed to recognise the Holy Spirit in every department of her work. What . a different state of affairs would frequently exist if important matters, such as the erection of a new building, the purchase of a new organ, the choice of a pastor, the election of deacons and other officers, the raising of funds—all of which went so far to make or mar the peace and useful- ness of the Church—were always entered upon with much earnest prayer, and with real sur- render and waiting for divine guidance. In these thin and untheological days, as Dr. White called them, when to doubt everything or to believe something that nobody had believed before, if it were possible to find it, was considered by many the sign of a robust and manly intellect, when a man had no right to speak unless he had something quite original to say, when the Church was so apt, like foolish Israel of old, to look to Egypt or Assyria for succour, it was necessary that Christians should be called back to the living and abiding God-given comforter, whose words were always true and always the same. Not financial ease, not increasing numbers, not the success of their particular views, not their respectability, nor their culture, but the constantly realized fact that the Holy Ghost was with them, should yield them most solid comfort. The Church was often saying "we want such and such a man for our minister, and then things would go on prosperously," or "we want men of means and social standing to come and help us along," or "we want more unity among ourselves." In ninety-nine cases out of 100 he was not sure that there was even one exception where Churches were unhappy, the real want was overlooked. They wanted the Holy Ghost in the fulness of power. He would quickly put right those minor things, and make the Church [ mighty in God. (Applause.) A hymn was sung and prayer offered. The Rev, E. J. Henderson then read the Truth and Progress report, which was of a satisfactory nature. The management had £85 to the good, and arrangements had been come to whereby a fortnightly instead of a monthly paper was to be issued. The report was adopted. The Rev. S. Mead moved— "That we appoint as a Board of Management of Truth and Progress the following:—Rev. E. J. Henderson (Editor), Mr. J. M. Newing (Business Manager), Revs. W. E. Rice, S. Fairey, S. Mead, and J. Featherstone, with power to add to their number, and that they be requested to take into consideration the publication of a fortnightly issue from January, 1892." Carried. Tea was provided at 5 o'clock, and a large number sat down to it. In the evening the Rev. G. Hill, M.A., preached to a crowded congregation in the Flinders-street Church. Mr. Hill's sermon was an impressive one. A Communion service followed. The Rev. L. Shackleford presided. 