(% fiteme (PUBLISHED DAILY.) ECHUCA : SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1891. OUK FDTURE COMMERCIAL RELATIONSHIPS. THE meeting on Thursday of the Municipal Councils of Eohuca and Mcmrm was iui event', which, perhaps simple in itself, may lead to very important results, for it struck the key note of the principles of federation in no small degreo. In the first place, the courteous spirit that prompted the newly elected Mayor and Aldermen of Moama to pay their respects to the Mayor nnd Corpora tion of Echuc i was an evidouce of a kindly disposition on the part of a municipal body of another Colony, and spoke volumes in support of the oft-repeated assertion that the interests of Moama are identical with those of Eohuaa from a commercial and social stand point. As Btated by the various speakers at the Town Hall, on Thursday afternoon, all that divides the one town from the other is the ever-flowing stream of the noble Murray, but, nevertheless, narrow ub that Btream is, between us commercially there is a great gulf tixed, which impedes our commercial prosperity through the imposition of those vexatious border duties. Victoria very wisely has adopted Protection, and under it Bhe has advanced by loaps and bounds. By its aid manufacturers have been afforded a chance to prosecute their industries against the competition of tho outside world, and as a natural sequenoo Victoria haB enjoyed now rainy years of uninterrupted commercial prosperity. That there must be a line of demarcation somewhere between a Proteo. tion and Freutrado colony is obvious, but, unfortunately for tho residents of Moam<», whose natural market is Echuca, they are nndo tho victims of the Freetrade policy of their own colony. All, or the greater part of their supplies, arrive via Eohuoa. The principal portion of their pro ductions of neceaai'y have to find their market in a Protection colony, therefore the burden of Customs' imposts is laid upon them both ways. Moama people cannot send their stock or products into even tho markets of their own colony without pissing them through a Protection colony, in whioh the de mands of the Customs' oflicor must be satis fied. Then by the time tho Moama district commodities roach New South Walos, their commercial price has been considerably ad vanced. What, then, doos New South Wales gain by the Freetrado policy, especially ns in her metropolis her ports aro open to tho admission of tho products, wares, and mer chandise of oheap labor and cheap living nations 1 Tho barrior of the Customs houses on oaoh ond of the Murray bridgo havo a great deterrent efieo". upon the trade relations between the two Bister towns in the two sister colonies. Here in Eohuoa wo are de barred from tho benofits of a oheap supply of what is produced on the Moama Bido beoause of tho Customs' impost, and it haB a deterrent influence upon our trade relations with oaoh other. When Sir Henry PariceB plunged boldly into his Federation policy, his Protec tion enemies snooted at the grand old man and said that the reason for hie doing so was lhat he had lived long enough to learn that the policy of Freetrade was a failure, and why he wanted Perforation was in order to introduce t^e thin end of the wedge of Pro tection. There may be something pungent in" the idea, because pledgad to the policy of' Freetrade as Sir Henry Parkea is, and pinned down by the " Calico Jimmies " of Sydney, and bonnd hand and foot by it, it would be a diffioult matter for the veteran statesman to alter his course. It is an old platitude, and contains a vnst amount of truth and common sense, that in order to oommand. commercial prosperity so far w Ua manufac tures and products are conoarnedi no young colony oan advance without the fostering hand of Protection. But to-day our colonies are not the infants they were of fifty years ago. Wo have.advanced. We are everywhere surrounded by natural resources, unequalled the world over, and we are blessed with climate and soil capable of yielding all that is necessary for the sfirvlde of man. Indeed, we oan grow enough for ourselves and to spare. Having then, as a group, discarded our swaddling clothes, and first suits, and donned the habilimentB of a good robust manhood, we are now oapable of performing what We djtild hot In our infancy or boyhood. Protection has done much for Victoria, ib materially assisting Queensland and other colonies, but New South Wales has suffered through the fre° accesa to her ports. The time is now advanc ing when so far bb our colonies are concerned, we must trade freely with each other, and in order to do so it will be necessary that we protect ourselves from competition with the cheap labor wants of Europe by imposing j a tariff in every colony sufficiently pro ; hibitive to enable the producers of these colonies to employ the labor of our sons and daughters. This is ah important question, and diubtless one of the chief ones that will occupy the minds of the representatives at thB great Federal Convention which will open its pro ceedings in Sidney next week. The time has come for taking steps to effect a great revolution in the trade and commerce cf these colonies, which are now largely popu lated by an Australian born people. It is essential thai our sons and daughters should be profitably employed, and made a happy and contented people, and to offset this end wo must freely trade with each other. By federation thia can be accomplished, and then an end would be put to the vexatious tariffs that the dwellers »n our border terri tory justly complain of. The little oourteou8 act of the Mayor and Aldermen of Moama on Thursday was an evidence of a spirit of reciprocity. We want to see that spirit more generally fostered, and if the various municipal bodies of all border towns through out the whole group of the Australian Colonies were to adopt the suggestion thrown out by Or Snell at Echuca, on Thursday, to meet, and pass similar resolutions to the one carried by the two municipal bodies o^ Moama and Echuca, for presentation by their respective delegate* to the Federal Convention, they would carry an ifflraense weight with the Convention. The resolution, WHS to the effect " that the best interests of the Colonies can only be conserved by the banding together of the whole into one grand federation, and that we, the municipal bodies assembled, of Echuca, in the Colony of Vic toria, and Moama, in the Colony of New Sou.h Wales, deaire the Federal Convention in Sydney to give the fullest consideration to our wishes as, herein expressed." Here, then, is a keynote for all border municipali ties to raise their voices from. Such a resolu tion is thetrue outcome of a federal spirit, and wa have no hesitation in asserting that were suoh a resolution to go forth from the border municipalities in the whole of the Australian Colonies it would oarry an immense weight. Tho Mayors of Moama and Echuoa, during their visit to Sydn-y fully intend to press forward on the representatives the resolu'ion of their councils, and we feel sure that it will be received BB one of very great importance. In the interests of the people of these colonics we trust the Press will everywhere point out the importance of border counoils federating after the manner of Echuca and Moama over a common onuses. The federal spirit is abroad, but it is not in the form of a byegorie ghost. Tho people are now imbued with the necessity of intercolonial commercial relation ships oil the widest bisis p wsible, and of the injustice to themselves of some of our oolonial ports feeing open for the free ingreB3 of tha world's products whilst our soils arid daughters have idleness thrust upon them through a scarcity of labor caused by the j competition of European countries. Let our motto bo-Intercolonial Kreetrade ; Protection against tho outside world. Not tiil such a desirable atate of things is brought about shall wo become tho prosperous people our soil, climato, and natural rosnurcea entitle us to beooma. Let the whole of Aus tralia pull at tho s*m9 end of the rope, and our sucoess as the Greater Britain will bo assured. COURT APPOINTMENTS-Tho following are Mr Patterson's appointments as Police Magistrate for March at Echuca-Tuesday 3rd, Petty Sessions an! Licensing Court. Tuesday 10ch, Petty Sessions ; Saturday 4 li, Licensing Court; Tuesday 17 th, Perty Sessions and Licensing Court; Tuesday 24th, Petty SoBaionB and Licensing Court Rjohester- Petty Sessions and Licensing C mrfc 18th March. CADZI INSPECTION.-Thirty-two cadets of tho H Company (Echuca) left Echuca yester day for Sandhurst, to take part in a parade and inspection of the No I battalion, in the Sandhurst Agricultural reservo. PnRsnYTEMiN Churoii.-The Rev Goo. Tait, M.A., genera! agont of the Prosby torian Churoh of Victoria, and one of the ablest ministers of tho ohuroh, will officiate to-morrow morning and evening. Tho even ing servico will be held in tho Temperanoe Hall. CiiBM? APPI.ES.-MrO. Norcott, fruiterer, of High-street, is advertising fruit remark ably cheap. Apples from la 6d a suae. Never #o cheap in JJofiucs before, THE E COMPANY RANGERS.-Thla com pany paraded lush night tr> the number of fifty, and headed by the Regimental Band, tinder Sergeant Haig, marched under com mand of Lieutenant Swanell to Echuaa East; where, on a vaoant allotment near the Bendigo Hotel, the form of attack was gone' through. The band performed a choice se lection of mualo Before the men were dis missed, the officer commanding addressed theiri, pivlng sonle seasonable advice as to their course of "aotion when at the forthcom ing enoampment. He hoped to see them act in the spirit of true soldiers and main tain the honor of their company. He hoped that they would make a strong effort to as semble largely at the camp. They were the only full compiny in any one plaoe in Vic toria, and therefore it behoved them to mUBtar strongly at the encampment. They would as a matter of course have some hard work to perform, bnt in the midst of it they would experience many pleasures, whilst the drill and exercises would do much in the direction of perfecting them in military iluige. At the mrade, last night, Mea«rs M. O'Bryin and Robertson, of Eohuoa East, donated 10* pftuh to the band fund when playing in Echuoa East. THE RP.OATTA.-Messrs Aitken and Nnlile yeBterday received a oheque value £10 10s from the Oastlem line Brewing Oompany, the amount of their prize to the late regatta, and won by the Echuca East olnb. THE FEPERAL BANQUET.-Mr J. Dnbin son, Mayor of Eohaca, left by the afternoon train ^eSterday for Sydney to take part in the banquet In ddttnection with the Federal Convention. A.N.A.-The ordinary fortnightly meat« ing of the above waB held on Thursday even ing, when President Dnnlop occupied the chair. A letter WBS received from the Druids'lodge asking that delegates be ap pointed to attend a meeting of friendly (moieties in the Mayor's room( Town Hall, on 20"h March, to di«cuaa the cjiiosfciorl of establishing a friendly societies' ditponBury in Echnca. . 'The vice-president (Mr J. T. StraHon) and the secretary were elected to attend. One candidate w»s proposed for membership. Minor items concluded the business of thb meeting. . CBICHET-An. intefeiting match will be played On the Park Oval this afternoon at 2 p.m., between the Echuca and Tatura Clubs. The Moama combined team will also journey to the Weanina Point and try conclusions with the Wamboota Club. Echuca and Cumroeragunja meet next Satur day at Echuca, and, as both clubs have, up to the present, gone through without a de feat, the result wiU be awiited with interest. Rochester and Elmore will meet next Satur day at Richester, whon the defeated club will be nut. of the competition. WATER SUPPLY.-The Minister, the Secre tary and thn Chief Engineer of VV»t'r Supply («rites the Melbourne correspondent of the Bendigo Advertiser) will leave Melbourne on Tuesdiy for Rochester, and on Wednesday the Minister will inspect the Campaspo Trust's Works, after which he will proceed to Echuca. TREWJN'S FARM.-It is notified by the auctioneer, Mr J. S. Kelly, in the advertise ment. to-day, that if the farm is not, sold at Wednesday's sale, that it will be let on lease. * IMPORTANT ALES BY AUCTION-We are requested to remind our readers and inten ding purchasers that the sale of Mr Joseph Beattie's land at Kanyapella will bo oon dueied by the Murray River Stuck Company in conjunction with Sliaokell, White and Co., at the baziar of the former, this day, at 12 o'clock noon ; als-i that the sale of 320 acres at Turipta on account of the executors of the late R. M'Coll, and the lease of Mr John Gray's 320 acres at Kyabrnm will be held by the Murray River Stock Company at same time and pkce. Full particulars in our advertising columns. 