OHAPTEIl IT. ; ? Tho Lintock mansion, in the neighbor hood of Greenwich Park, wns surrounded by a high garden wall. The groat iron gnto, leading into u largo courtyard, might havo boon tho outntneo to si prison, and its gloomy aspect filled Porcy Over beck's mind with vague fears. Hut when the front door wns thrown open, and 'ho stopped with his host into ft broad, well lighted hall, all sense of dread was in stantly dismissod, for at tho foot of tho oaken stntronso stood Bertha Lintock. She wns a tall, graceful girl of nino teen ; ajjd she always looked her best, in Percy's opinion, at those moments of greeting with her father; not that her dark eyos were wanting in thoir eloquent expression of welcome when thoy wet his. But sho simply said in a oharming tone of woll-foignod burpriso : ' Mr. Overbeck. How vory kind this 13 1' as sho took his proflorud hand. Ovorbeck could not i'nil to notice, from Bertha's anxiouR glunco at her frtther'fl faco, that she guessed something hnd re cently upset him. Wa3 it posoiblo tlmt such a trouble as this, which ho had acci dontally discovered, weighed upon her fathor'a mind ? Bertha's firslj words, whon thoy were ulone in the drawing room beforo dinner, 'Have you innrkod the change in my father ? To night ho does not soeni tho samo man,' con vinced Ovovbeck that sho had been told nothing. 'He is greatly changed,' replied tho young liidti. '1 am much concerned about him.' ' Can anvtliinrr he ilnnt- V' 'I sincerely hope your father will talk to mo of himself thia ovening. I shall draw him out,' ho added, laughingly, to. rosissura her, ' over our cigar.' Bertha's eye3 oppressed her sonso of gratitude. During'dinnor Mr. Lintock was deeply abstracted ; in faut, he loft,I)crtha to do all tho talking ; bo she and Percy con versed together to thoir hearts' con tent. As soon as dinner was over, Bortha rose to leave. While Overhock stood holding open tho door, the girl gave him ono of those appealing looks na sho passed out which he rumciniberud long after. 'Now that wo nre alono,' said Mr. Lintock, ' I will ask your attention for a few minutes. I want to tell you of the face that haunts mo. I have intended for somo time speaking to you. Tho in cident in tho train to-night hns. decided me/'j, ' Overbeck, having drawn forward nn armchair, lit a cigar, :iud looking ar.ti'u tivcl.v at Mr. Lintock, suid : 'I am deeply intorestcd.' ?: After a few. 'minutes' pause, the wharf owner inquired : 'Do you remember, Ovorbeck, an in dividual of tho naino of Clogstoun ?'' Ovurbeck shook hia head. ' Ho was a workman on' the wharf. I dismissed him for insobriety.' 'A dark porson, with black, hungry eyes V asked Overbook. . i-J ?.;,. ,.^°- ' ' Tha'.'s the m:in, as you ducribe liiin— tl.at'n tho man whoso face I eaw at vhe ourriago window to-night.' ' ' ;j-' . . '£hu youngor man's i.uiidboniD eyes woru axod aearchiugly upon his host. ' JNTot really V' '?' ? ? ?' Yea, what elsa ?'' ? 'I thought yon might mean his ghost,' ?aid the young man, smiling. ' 1. mean the iiran'a face. I have no I belief in disembodied spirits.' ''..'.? ., ,j 'But,' said Overbeck, 'nnlesi the man Ologstoun is dead — ' ' He is not dead. He, threatens me'; he has done so for month's. I see his face everywhere-^evDrywher'e,' said Mr. Lin tock, glancing uneasily round ' the room. ?....?.'. For a moment the wharf-owner placed his hand across his eyes, as he had done in the railway carriage ; but quickly re covering himself he said : * . ' Clog3toun had often been employed on the wharf, and as often discharged, owing to his tipsy and quarrelsome habits. He insulted evoryono he came across, when excitod by drink, until it was thought ho must be out of his mind. When atlast I refused to listen to his appeal to be given another chance, he muttered, c Yon shan't ruin mo for no thing, Mr. Lintock ; you had bettor think this over.' I did not liko his look then ;. there was a strunge expression in his ayes — a look that seemed to me to con tain a touch of insanity. A few days afterward he accosted mo in the street, loaded me with insult, and vowed he would not rest until he. had taken my life.' ? ; ' , Overbook started ud with an ansrv ex clamation on his lips. ' The man is mad 1' ' I treated this throat at first as the silly utterance of a drunkard,' continued Sir. Lintock. 'It gave .me at tho mo mont no real uneasiness. ' But as time wont by, his conduct began to alarm mo. He again accosted mo, and became more insolent. I warned him that I should bo forced, if ho did not ceaso to annoy mo, to tuko the matter beforo a magis trate.'. 'Ah! you did right. I should have done so at once, though.' ' But that has no effect. Ho still dogs my steps if I venture out after dark. I im'o his eye* fixed on me at every corner ; mikI unlois something is done to put a ?roT- i-oit I shall be ill. My duties at the waroooiise aro a suffloiont wear and lear »khont ClogstouM's wretched face threat orirf D'i night and day.' Overhock was pacing up nnd down tho room. lla could not rest with tho thought of Mr. Lintock insulted and hurasiod at utery turn. ' Does anyone know of this affair ex oopt ourselves ?' ho askod. The wharf-ownor reflected a moment-. ' Ducket, I think, suspects somothing ; nobody olso.j' 'Not even your daughter 1' ' I havo never spoken to Jior on the subject,' said Mr. Lintock, evasively. ?Aftor a moment's pause, Overbook aakod : ... 'Oan you aive mo Cloostmin's nd dress ?' The wharf-owner looked up Bur prised. ' It never occurred to me that ho had any. In what holo or corner of London 'would ho lodgo V His appearance was no better when I saw him last than that of a vagabond or tramp.' ' He must bo known to tho police.' ' So I hope, for ho has fallen vory low. He was last seen by Duokct on London Bridge, contemplating, I should think from tho account ho gave me, suicide or something worse. Is'thero a crime that ono bo profligate would not commit V The thought makes mo shudder! If you had seen his faco to-night, tho dread would havo laid hold of you as it has of 1110 — that my life is in danger.' Ho spoke in a very earnest tone, but thero was no trace of agitation in his ninnnor. llis words, 'My life is in danger,' scorned to express tho convic tion of a aound-mindod man capable of mature reflection. .?????''-. '?You are seriously of opinion, Mr. Lintock, that tho face at tho carriage window was roal, and not imaginary ?' Mr. Lintock, with a thoughtful look bout upon tho ground, replied : ' That 13 a quostjon to which I'wisli. Overbeck, I could givo you a satisfactory answer. Is it real ? The faco, as 1 toll you, threatens mo momentarily — so un expectedly ; it seems- -only too real.' Then ho suddenly added with a searching glance, 'You do not think my brain afl'ectod ? Well, well, it is not surpris ing if yju do. I have enough worry at tho wharf, sometimes, without this one, to drivo me crazy.' Overbook promised to take the matter soriously in hand ; and nftor somo further conversation on tho subject, of a re assuring nature, Mr. Lintock proposed that (hoy should join Bertha in the drawing-room. olio wns at the piano, but she rose when thoy camo in, gavo them tea, and paid somo dclicato little attentions to her father. Them sho returnod to tho piano, and liogan to play a sonata that seemod liko an accompaniment t.-- her dreamy thoughts. Presently Percy Overbook went softly to a chair, beaido her, for tho wharf-ownor hail fallen acloop. ' Ho has spoken to you,' said tho girl, still accompanying hor dream. ' HttB ho not?' . Hor faco wns troubled, and toars were in her dark eyes. . ' We havo talked the matter over. He ha3 told me evorything. Do not bo dis tressed ; thero is- no need. Have confidence in1 mo, will you, as an old friend '!' Thoro was* littlo occasion to have nuked this. Bartha'n fnce, though troubled, had not lost its trustfulness. 'Why should you doubt that?' was the girl's reassuring reply. 'For weeks p;ist 1 have wished that my father would speak to you. I know that something disturbed him. But he is so considerate 1 Hu hus done hia best to hide it from me, fearing to alarm me.' ' It is about 11 disaharged workman — it is best that you should know—a fellow, who threatens your father. Tho aflhil' has unnerved him ; but I hope to put imttUrs right. You nro not frightened, I hope '-'.'. . ?* . ? '.Now ; not now;' said Borlha in a low voice — '? not now, that 'you are lifting half the burden olf our shoulders. How good it in of you !'' ? . HI10 wa* ' irresistible. Overbeqk nti swt-rod in hin o.'unnst. way : ? '? Thure in no burden ihiit I would not beat for your fiaku.' ? -''? 'For 1110 ?' ?** Yes, JJertlia.' J love yon.' There was a ilntter of the dark eye lashes, lti:t the girl did not raiso her eyes. Tho nccDinpaniment to hor dream wns al most iuuudililo nimv Was tho reality — -thii; conviction of 'her love for Percy Ovurbuck downing upo»: Jur 1 , Tiio sonata was finished, nnd Mr. Lin tock uivuku out, of his liHp. It whs time for Ovttrbeck4to bid his ' friends good night, for lie intended to return ' to Lon don. . Hu caught: a sweet, timid glance friini Hi.riha us lie took his loiivu. . As the trnin wits approaching London Bridge, and the glow of lamplight -in wide mad narrow thoroughfare* threw a I red reflection over the city, Orecback I thought of the counties* mysteries that I lay hidden in dork court* and alleys, in f the midst of all this glare. Was the face that haunted his friend in one of these shadowy by-ways 2 -:. . 