AUSTRALIAN NOVEL, BY IVAN DEXTER. [ALL IIIIT?i iESBRVED.1 ountl acedon Iystery C1HAPTEIt XIV.-(Co-nrreu~.) Iwas atill there and only a few feet awy, but the murky gloom did not allow of its being clearly seen. Cautiously the young warehouseman hirteel the stick and pushed it slowly to.ards the object, after first mnaking ore that his retreat was open. ",The beast must be-asleep," he mut t:-re as he felt the stick touch it and no torement f',llowetl. E:cur:ged by this inertia, he gave a tere rigorous poke, and started back, for a muoement certainly took place. IIHe tridently expected a rush, but none took ltae,, and he ventured to look in Tie animal was still there, and em .idcued by its evident disinclination to lme out lie made another attack on This time a su-Tpicion began to fill his r d? thIt the "guide might be right after :,and the wish being father to the I': urht inht have induced himu to think t.a:it wais the swombat he was trying to t.:iine in the dat knees. " A-hie felt the object again he becamenu ..s;i:.e.d that it twas not a livin., aninai, kt a t.,e he was seeking to dislodge, f:it iist hard and sounded shartlywlheu Mrrace He therefore tried to pull it t5snrdr hien. A s he drew the stick back lie could feel itcumi:c to him, and when he looked iin ataiait was almost at tihe mouth of the As his eyes bee.utre aceustomed to the luotu they tke or: the mysterious object with ari?;id sare, and for a full minute lie reteanued In li haund anid knees like one lwiti:ti d. i" I';. e th.. devii are you looking at, cIruce"' asked ,ie of hi3 companions. You lonk ai frighltened as if Old Nick himlslf was there.' The youris; man tlhu aputktn to stood sautl nhastily clanmbered out of the ex lstiue. I1l e faCe wa.s white and his hole a.pe.r.,:Ice that of a man who had aid:uly a::d ii 'xlpecte.dly met with an ,ctdlesanit :Id otartiliung sight. "\llSy. ii, mi, you have'nt seen a ghost rr!yC' spoke one of the party, as.he Llt-d down to the mouth of the cle. As he peered in an equally startled 1rk crept over Ihis face, and in a few t meints he rejoined his comrades, who lcd curroundedl BIuce. "'Its a IIuman skull," the latter was t lin, thie awe-siruck youths. "You must he mistakein," was the rpIh. " I'vo ,n d.oubt it's the skull of a d?l'1 wooimbat, or lperhaps a wallaby that been dr :,ed into the hole." "Go and look for youuraelf," rejoined ',rce, and the man who had just re l:ned from the opening, added : - "Ye;, you'll soon be satisfied on the int. Its a human skull-man or Sano-as certain as we stand here." Tecinan 'dressel slowly descended to :?hole, and there in front of him lay e-ninim, skull. iathl must be pleasant, someone has 'sad bcrieet it always grins, but there ' nO pleasantrs revealed in thathideous .k thus stritniely brought to light in a: ecii anil uifrequented spot. t?tint thtre in its Weird grave, the : im.,uth, and sockets vacant of ,.'r eyes, it seemed to the startled man -be aain sentient with life and tel :tit story of its queer abode. 1s tcotrades were bending over him, i after repeated requests from them, pcuthi bhand into the hole and shud t ittly lifted out the repulsive relic of -tat hatoauitiy. he wouderinm. group of men looked ha it with almost superstitious feel A hueaen skull under ordinary cir nlstances is net very .awe-inspiring, .t this skull must has e an extraordinary oty attached to it. How did it get ire1 To whom did it belong? Per ,Piit was a dead and mute witness of a fit murder, or mayhap some weary -rim long', life's hIigethway had volun n!lylaid duwn his load and shortened tjoarney with his own hand. - .ea it i?ight belpng to a tourist like :ttelves, who, wandering through the btr!growth, had stumbled into the' i'bal hole, and, being seriously in -ird, had either died of starvation or bt attacked aid killed by the wom '-,ries had been told of these animals ati"d men, and it was well known at a child had been carried offby them d~. e north side of Mount 3Mace tre of the men looked up at the :ieutd?su cliff, the .face of which "Lastruck thie stting sun, a momentary " 5rlub him that a fail over it might t fr the preeneeo the human riic, but it seemed so improbable that the thought immediately passed away. These and a hundred other conjectures passed through the minds of the silent group, and for, several minutes no one spoke. Their eyes rested questionly on the impassive skull as though adjuring it like the ghost in Hamlet to " unfold its tale," but its sphynx-like immobility resealed nothing. Perhaps this is the skull of an aboriginal who has died hero and been buried in the wombat- hole," suggested one of the men. It sounded feasable enough, but it did not. elucidate the mystery, and as they still wondered, the guide said: "We must be getting away from here, unless you wish to camp hero all night. We iave only about two hours of day light. and we coul never pass through the Gleo, in the dark. The prospect of a night in that wild eerie spot was not to the taste of the party, and, forgetting all about the object of their search, they were hurriedly gather ing their tools together, when the guide said : "We had better conceal the pick and shovels here until to-morrow, as this hole must be searched for further traces of the bones which should belong to the skull. Several of my friends will join in the search if you are agreeable, and there is no need to bring these awkward tools to the hotel and back again." The young men at once fell in with the suggestion, for now that they had gone so far, they were eager to probe the mystery to the bottom. Securely planting the tools, they made their way back to the Forest Inn. CHAPTER XV. THE SKELETO\\. " "Where's your womabat, boys ?" asked the smiling host. "Here?' replied Bruce, who had taken possession' of the ghastly relic by virtue of first discovery, suddenly .uncovering theskiill,:\'hich, with its everlastin;, grin, seemed to regard the matter-probably from the frights it caused-in the light of a good joke. " Where on earth did you get that ?" Inquired the alarmed innkeeper. "Dug it out of a wombat-hole at the foot of the oCimel's Humip;" .was the laconic answer. "Ah,". said English, thoi?ghtfully, " this discovery .,requires; sifting thoroughly;, It would be as well if you gave informationf to.the police at once, for some lightfon past events may 're sult." Have you any theory regarding the skull ?"asked Brueo? .. ' " Yes,'a couple of years aGdo two'inen mysteriously disappeared in this locality. They were' last seen "on', the Camel's Hump, and no trace has been found of them since,'with the exception of blood stains on t'se.great cliff. It was thought at the time. that during a.thick .mist which enveloped, the peak, 'they, might have accidentatly walked over 'the preci pice ; but the absence of the bodies ren dered all attempts at discovery a failure, although every possible effort was made to throw light on the mystery." ' "I read something about it in the papers,",replied Bruce. With this information regarding the. events of two years previous, which most' of the party now recollected reading in the metropolitan .newspapers, Bruce sou,"ht out the one policeman, stationed. at \iiddle Gully, and placed the skull in his possession, after recounting the tiuen nor in which it had been found. . The constishle arranged fr' a lairgt party to pfoceed to the spot on the followK ing day,, and during the" ev.ening, tlu graphed to Melbourne for. the detective who had' charge of the Edgar and Mtarihall disappearance cases. Witli the first train next morning De. toctive Lynx arrived, and a considerable' number of visitors and residents made their way to the wombat-hole to search for further remaiis. . For several hours the party labored, and at length they cantme to a recess in the drive- evidently, one of the 'sleepfing places of the snimal- where they' found rib- bones partly gnawed and also a Lthigli bonle. Thus encouraged they still excavated, and soon it was apparent that they were reachinrg the living occupaut of the bur row. - . Deep growls andigrunts were, plainly heard, and a sniall terrier that "bearded the lion in his den," camne out more rapidly than: it entered, and with every mark of fear. In another half hour they saw the eyes of the wombat gleaming through the darkness like fiery coals, and at the sug gestion of an old resident it was decided to shoot it, for, said he : " If the darned thing starts burrowing it may get away from us faster than we can follow." The advice was sound, and Bruce, acting upon it, put a charge of swan shot between the two gleaming eyes. A short struggle and scraping followed, and it was evident the shot had done its work. Still the diggers toiled, and it was nearly five o'clock before they came to the dead body of a wombat of uuusually large size, and evidently, from the groylnira or bristles- which thickly studded the tawsny hide, of great age. Lifting it out, they found the dive ended in that-direction, andt a chamber of some aizd had been scooped out. This was the regular sleeping an-I din ing place of the animal- its bed.chamber and dining-room. Scattered aboutr were the bones of various ani-nals, for a wom bat has the appetite of a pig. It is. herbivorous, gramnivorrous, or carnivor nus as occasion deaiands. It is, in fact, omnivorous, for all is fish that comes to its net. The experienced eye of the detective at once diacdvered the boutnes they were aearchingfor. With the exceltion of the very smallest hpnes, the missing parts of the skeleton they were in search of were found and carefully wrapped up. Considerable difliculty was experienced in gathering up the bones, as they were nearly all broken in various places. The party then made a close search along the route of the excavation to see if any branches from the main hole existed where another skeleton might be concealed, but none were discovered. After the detective had made a rigid scrutiny of the granite cliff, and measured the distance between the spot where the blood stains had been found at the base and the mouth of the late wombat-hole, the party gathered together and slowly made their way back to Middle Gully, carrying with them in a bag the inert bones that once were as capable of loco motion as the most robust amongst them. The detective took charge of them, and, arriving, at the..village, accompanied McDonough,' the constable, to:. his residence to obtain the skull and have tea with him. Unlocking a small cupboard, the police man took out the skull and handed it to his friend. It was in an exceedingly good state of preservation probably through its having been protected from wind and weather. The detective looked at it intently, as though he wished to read its secret. Then taking a small parcel from his pocket he unrolled it slowly, revealing a tooth. "t-ook here, McDonough," he said. " This skull has a remarkably fine set of teeth.. Many swell dude or fine lady would envy it their possession if they saw them, but one is mising, and I think I can supply the want." Then carefully taking up the bony head lie placed the tooth in the solitary gap in the jaws, and it fitted exactly. "You see, this tooth is similar to its fellows in the jaw," he remarked to the interested constable. " have no doubt it belongs to the head, and it may furnish an important clue to the identification of the skeleton. This tooth was found at the foot of the Camel's Hump Cliff two years ago, as yoell may remember, when Edgar, the tourist, and Marshall, the survey man, disappeared. It is most probable that the remains belong to one of these men. But which ?" he musingly added, "that's the poi:t. The fact of the bones being so fractured is also evideinc that death resulted from a fearful fall." " But how did the body get into the wombat-hole I" inquired M'Donough. "The wombat could not possibly have dragged it there, big though it was, and it could not have been taken piece-meal; the search parties were at the place where the tooth was found within twenty-four hours after the men disap peared." "If we had found Ltre skeletons instead of one," returned Lynx, apparently un heeding his companion's questions, "the mystery would have been much clearer, but as it is I don't like the appearance of the case." "But you don't suppose," was the reply, "that Marshall and Edgar would have both walked over the cliff at the same time and at the same spot, and have been dragged away by the same wombat. If they were both accidentally killed dur ing the mist one of the bodies may have fallen in another place, and the skeleton be now in another hole." " But only one spot showed traces of a fall over the cliff," the detective answered, "atid it is altogether improbable that there was a double accident at the same time, unless the two men were together and clutched each other on the edge of the precipice when they suddenly stepped over. That.would be my solution if two bodies were found, but as ilia," headded, with a shrug, "I really cannot unravel the skein." "'Time reveals all things," sagely spoke MI'Dnough. "oBut what is the good to tus if half a century hence the.secret is laid bare. Another generation will get the credit, and they will look back upon us as stupid officers who hadn't enough sense to know when we were hungry." S"Come now,. Lynx," good humoredly retorted McDonough, "we 'havresense enough to know that we are hungry now, and tea is waitiingi; is. -:Why should we worry ourselves'about a' matter that doein't cdiicern"u's much, when' ob e of the most interested parties p?hilosopjhcally grins at our.troubles,"he addid, pointing to the skull whichi rested on the table. "I.wish to .God.it: could speak," fer-. vently ejaculated the btsiness-like de tective. After 'a h]eartyreopanst--for their appe tites were not atall disturbed; but rather whetted by.the diecovery of the' skeleton -the two olflcers strolled over to the Forest sInn, :anid:; obtainid what': little further informAtion] the party of waro housemen could give them as to the find ing of the skull.l: . H :Tllf- ad-hoti ?dte; telo detectivse bade foDonioeighlgbood-bye, land was being whirled away?.to, Melbourne in the night express, bearing with him a parcel care fully wrapped up; and whichl contained the ghastly trophies recovered from the wombat-holer "Now," hho mused, as he reclined luiurioualy in .the empty first-clais com part!ient, ( "this' discovery opeins up agaitn the case of thlie missing men Edgar and Marshall. One of them is no longer miasiag;". he iWent on, glancing at the package. " he is there, but which of them is it ?, There wasn't the slightest sign of anything in the wombat-hole that would lead to identification-not a rag of clothes, or paper. No sign of money or jewellery, nor, in fact, of anything. I will pay an other visit to the place in a day or two, and search it again. A crowd is always a hindrance to a good search. perhaps the body was naked when placed in the hole, for I begin to think that nothing short of human intelligence could so successfully have obliterated all traces of the body which fell over the cliff." He puffed away for some time at a cigar, and then auddenly'exclaitmed : "Ah! I was nearly forgetting the dis covery of the mats's footprint, which was found close to where this tooth was picked op."-and as he spoke he tapped his vest pocket--"That footprint was proved to have been Marshall's, and could only hlave been a day or two old at the timne, as it was not obliterated by the rain that fell. Now, if Marshall is alive, what could hIsavo been his olbject in disappear ing. That puzzles ime. He could have no motive in placing Edgar's body in the hole if hlie found it, and, so far as I see, could hiave no possible motive in conmmit ting murder. Accordingto the survey then he was not a bad sort of fellow, but 1 nmust try and find out something more about him. No one seemed to know anything about his anitecedents when he disappeared, but I'll try it again. If I dor't try I won't know." Thus puzzling himself over the case en trusted to him, Melbourne was reached, and the detective hurried away to give in lhis report to his suplerior otfficer. Next dy the metropolitan press had a full account, detailing the strange finding of the mysierious skeleton, and though ian inquest was held, no light was thrown uponl its identity. The venerhable wombat that lhad bee. done to death in its lair was a source of considerable curiosity when brought to town by the successful party of ware housemen. The intercolonial and country papers copied the news from. their Melbourne contemnporaries, and, after the lapse of two years, the mystery of the mount was again revived. CHAPTER XVI. PHILLIP SIMPSON. If in oldentimes all roads led to Rome, it is noless certain that Victorian history shows that all roads in this colony lead to Melbourne. After the first great rushes to the gold-. fields this was especially the case, and the money spent in the'metropolis by success ful diggers has done much to build up the great city. I There is no need to repeat here how fortunes were spent in a few weeks in the gilded, man-traps of Melbourne, which yawned to receive the lucky and foolish digger. Such things have been worn thread-bare by repetition. On the principle of "easy come, easy go," it was only to be expected that the simple pigeons would be pounced upon by watchful hawks, but taking all things into consideration, the history of these excited times proves that far more honesty and fair dealing was abroad than the -many temptations which existed would lead one to believe. '1h less cause, San Francisco was in finitely worse in this respect than the capital of Victoria, so that Mlelbournites have cause to look with some pride on the early history of their city. Of course, if any man with more money than sense wished to enter uoon the downward course of dissipation he could find in Melbourne every opportunity of I doing so, and many companions who would help him on the Avernian road. If he did not wish to act the prodigal he would find life and property as secure as in the most orderly city of the British Empire, and this fact undoubtedly in fluenced many wealthy persons to p:rmanently reside in the city, and ex panded it in so rapid a manner." The Moliagal digger evidently took this l latter view of life, and, instead of squan dering his money in the drinking hells and other disreputable places, he took quiet and respectable lodgings in a ter race in Nicholson-street, opposite the I present Exhibition building. His liking for the tap-room and the whisky bottle had suddenly left him; and he walked in the path of rigid morality. Phillip Simpson was the name he gave the landlady, and, after a brief acquaint ance, that good woman vowed her new lodger was the best she ever had. "He is no trouble, my dear." she con fidentially informed a lady friend. "He never grumbles at his food; his bed al ways suits him, and I am sure," she added in a deep whisper, "he has plenty of money, because he thinks as little of a sovereign as I would of a shilling." " Is he a professional man ?" asked the visitor. "I don't know; lie doesn't speak much, and when he does he avoids mention of i himself." "There is a mystery about him, then. It must be charming to have a boarder who has a secret to conceal," she added, with a laugh, though not without a touch e of malice, for she, too, kept a boarding- 1 house, and had been unfortunate wjth her lodgers. . "I don't know whether he has a seirot or not, and I don't pry into my lodger's affairs. All I can anay is that Mr. Sinipson ii a very nice man," replied the landlady 1 bridling up. Mr. Simpson, the "very nices man,' 1 was certainly widely different from the I morose, solitary, and ill-tempered digger oftMoliagul. Yet so it was. The leopard had changed his spots--the transform~: lion was complete. : ' What had wrought the alteration could only have been the gold.' Thoe lucre, which debases some natures, had 'ap parently elevated this one, and trans: formned the uncouth and brutal, palper 1 into the .polished ad' refined; gentle man. ., Mr. Simpson was also fond of society- ( another phase of character froee tliitpre senited at Moliagul where he liv iii like a hermit. SSociety in : tose, days was eot ?ry, ;eclusive-that is, if the very highest and very limiteddcircle be excepted--and the polite M r. .Simipson was soon wel comed in many houses. i His maniner certainly eiltitledl hlin to the invitations he received, and it was !whispered that his :wealth :;was .iuch . greater. than he cared' to' loet peoplo know> He was niot a loastfulmiin, bdtiwhht little lie said, hledid, and, willtia ficulty for multiilication which did their aritht m.itical training credit, lis acquainitaiiceei iiireiased. his ?ankiug account at least tenfold, Where he carne fro;. or what he was-though it was generally under-. stood he was a lucky digger-few people cared to ask. It was sulhicient that hi6 had money, and conducted himself like a gentlemann. ' On a certain evening, about'~thrhbi months after he took up his abode in Melbourne, Mr. Simpson was invited to a rather select gathering at the house of a friend in Hotham-street, East Mel. bourne. He had accepted the invitation, for he made it a point of never refusing one if, he could help it. His landlady had re marked that lie never spent an eveningeat home, but passed them in society. It was nine o'clock when he reached his friend's house, and.most of the guests were assembled. His host,Mr. Evelyn, introduced him to those he did not kndw, and this rugged digger, of a few months ago, settled down to his enjoyment with the easy grace of a well-bred gentleman. Half-an-hour after his entryMr. Evrelyri approached and said: "Two friends of mine have just -ar rived, and I think they are strangers to you. Let me have tile pleasureof intro ducing you." "Ishal be most pleased," he answered; and the two crossed the room to where a lady was seated, and a gentleman stand ing at her side. " iies DIevereaux, my friend Mr. Simpson; IMr. Rennie, allow me to intro duce Mr. Simpson." The young lady bowed, and formality iended; the four enteredinto conversatioe on common-place subjects. In a few minutes Evelyn hurried away to receive other guests who were enter ing, and the conversation flagged for a tiume. Neither Adeline Devereaux or Ernest RItennie felt in much humor for talking, and, indeed, they both looked as if they would rather be away from the gay scerne. Simpson felt it rather irlmkome .doing all the talk, and on the first opportiunity, with a polite salute, hlie leftU them. "I would much rather I had not come, Mr. Rnennie," the girl said, "but I could not refuse tihe kind invitation of my deari father's old friend." "e hope you will benefit by your acceptance, for you know that 'all work and no playY and so on is not good for any one. Youmusnt not worry yourself too much with the sad business we have in hand," he said, anxiously. With forced gaiety he rallied the girl into having a dance, after which the Miss Evelyns carried her away and monopolised her for some time. She was seated convwersing with the eldest daughrer, when MIr. Simpeon ap proached and took the vacant chair be side her, upon which yiss Evelyn re- I tired.--(To be Conlsm'iid MMU 