DOMINICAN CONVENT, NORTH ADELAIDE. His Grace Archbishop Reynolds laid and blessed foundation-stone of the Dominican Convent Chapel, Molesworth-street, North Adelaide, on Sunday afternoon in the presence of a large assemblage, including his Honor Mr. Justice Bundey, his Worship the Mayor, and the Mayoress of Adelaide. The new building will consist of a chapel in Gothic architecture, 60 x 28. It is intended for the use of the nuns of St. Dominic's Priory, and is to comprise a sanctuary, a chapel for boarders, and externs and sacristies. At present the sacrifice of the holy mass is offered and other servicee are held in a large room which was found to be inadequate to the requirements of the nuns and the public. This portion of the sacred edifice is all that will be completed at present, and the probable cost is estimated between £300 and £400. It will ultimately form one side of the quadrangle of the future priory. The position marked out for the erection of the high altar was denoted by means of a large cross composed of beautiful flowers, while the space allotted for the blessing of the stone was bedecked with foliage and bunt ing. Shortly after S o'clock a proces sion was formed consisting of members of St. Lawrance's branch of the H.A.C.B.S. wearing their regalia and led by Mr. Bradley, several priests, including Archpriest Nevin and Dean Kennedy, acolytes carrying the cross, thurifer and holy water -receptacle, and his Grace attired in beautifully worked cope and mitre. The solemn ceremony of blessing the stone having been performed, the Arch bishop, who was very unwell, delivered an address, in the course of which he said the chapel, which was the first of its kind ever instituted in Australasia, was dedicated to the Holy Ghost. He was proud to say this on the nineteenth anniversary of his episcopacy, and as long as the stones kept together there would be perpetual adoration of Jesus Christ in the blessed sacrament. For the last 35 years he had thought of accomplishing this great work, and had mentioned it from time to time to a few friends. It was, however, always looked upon as a almost Utopian idea, the argu ment being that there was no need for it in a missionary country. On the day he was con secrated to the episcopacy he, prostrated before the altar, vowed to God that he would leave no stone unturned until he had achieved the object he had in view. That day he saw its accomplishment in a quiet and humble way. which meant greater success in the future. The world might scoff at the noble motives which prompted those for whom the chapel was beintf built to devote their lives to Christ, to serve Him more faithfully and instil others with the austerity of their lives, but they knew little of the good work which these noble women did. He asked those present for their cooperation financially, and as the result of the appeal £193 was placed on the stone. 