Spectre Ships. In the south and west of England, and notably on the Cornish coast, there are many stories of spectre ships. Some of them sailed over land as well as sea. They were usually visible in tempestuous weather, and often manned by bad young men who did some desperate deed and then vanished. Sometimes these phantom barks suddenly carried off notorious wreckers, who had grown rich by luring ships ashore with false lights. Only some fifty years ago the captain of a revenue cutter reported that he had passed at sea, off the Devonshire coast, a spectre boat rowed by what appeared to be the ghost of a notorious wizard of the region. The question is, how did the revenue skipper know that the boat was a spectre? He does not seem to have boarded her. The Palatine is an American spectre ship. She was once a Dutch barque, but was wrecked on Block Island in the year 1752. After sacking her, the wreckers set fire to her and sent her adrift out to sea, although there was a woman aboard who refused to land among such human fiends. Every year, on the anniversary of this shocking deed, the ghost of the Palatine is seen blazing away off the Point. And, as Whittier says : The wise, sound skippers though skies be fine, Reef their sails when they see the sign Of the blazing wreck of the Palatine. Whittier tells of another American phan- tom-ship. A young skipper who traded to the Labrador coast in the season fell in love with one of two beautiful sisters who lived with their mother in a secluded bay. Both the sisters, however, fell in love with him, and the elder was jealous that he preferred the younger. So when the skipper came, by arrangement, to carry off the bride of his choice, the sister shut her up in a room, and, closely veiled, went out herself to meet the sailor. It is not until they are far out at sea that the disappointed lover learns how he had been deceived. He turns back at once, but finds his own sweetheart dead. Neither he nor his ship ever returned home. The Greport legend is familiar to all readers of Bret Harte's works. He tells how some children went to stay on board of an old hulk, which broke adrift, floated out to sea and was lost with all its innocent company. When the fogs came down on the coast the fishermen still hear the voices of the children on board the phantom bulk that drits along but never returns. In the Gulf of St. Lawrence they tell of a spectre often seen off Cape d'Espoir. It is a large ship, crowded with soldiers, and on the bowsprit stands an officer pointing to the shore with one arm while he supports a woman with the other. Then the lights suddenly go out, a scream is heard and she disappears. This is the ghost of the flag- ship of the admiral sent by Queen Anne to reduce the French forts. The fleet was wrecked on this cape and all hands were lost. On the Hudson River there is a legend of a spectral boat manned by Ramhout van Dam, who, after drinking till midnight one Saturday, swore that he would row home, although it took him a month of Sundays. He never reached home, but he is heard at night desperately plying his oars on the river, on which he is condemned to row till the day of judgment. 