SCENE III. "Snada ! What ails the child? Has some terrible evil befallen you? Speak, speak, girl." Suada was sobbing and wringing her hand - at the feet of her mistress in an agony of terror and {contrition, yet with a dim hope struggling for existence that she might yet be in time to avert the threatening danger. In a few hasty and disjointed sentences she made Elissa aware of the plot that was hatching against her peace and safety. "Rise, girl," said Elissa sternly. "Waste no more time in foolish tears. " Do you not see that every moment is golden?" She added more gently, " Since yon have been the means of warning me of a serious danger you must not add to the difficulty of escape for mo and for yourself." Suada choked down her bods, and tried to dry her tears. Elissa mixed a strong cordial for her, and all the while her active brain was working. " It is useless to remain," she thought. "I must fly from this treacherous tyrant and his murderous companion. But I will not leave my treasure for them. Never shall they profit by my distress. To carry it away I must havo help." She made musical sounds with two metal discs and two of her attendants appeared. "Go quietly," she said, "to the house of Stasander, and bid him come here to me. Say that my life may depend upon his promptness, and bid him bring Achmet the Persian, and Saptine the Tyrian with him." Suada had recovered her self-command under the potent influence of the cordial, and she was once more at the service of her mistress. " Suada," Elissa said, " go quickly and order my household to prepare a banquet with what speed they may. Then bid Hassan carry to my uncle His Majesty King Icetas and to His Majesty King Mezeres my humble entreaty that they will sup with me this evening at the setting of the sun." Hassan presented himself a few minutes later before his mistress to learn the message from her own lips. " Incline thy body lowly three times before the great Kings," said ElisBa, "and Bay to them, 'Thus, on royal Kings, saith Elissa tho daughter of Sothis, let that which iB past be past, and remember not words spoken in baste. ' And Elissa doth humbly pray that the mighty warrior Icetas, called by his faithful servants the Eagle of the Mountain, and Mezeres, also known bb the Sword of the West, will sit at her table and feast with her to the union of all faithful believers in the Great Unseen." An hour later Elissa was closeted with Sta sander and her faithful friends. Stasander was a powerfully-built man of great stature, of fifty years of age, yet vigorous as a youth. His eyes were dark and piercing, his face was stem except to these he loved, and he was the most renowned warrior in Simois. Saptine the Tyrian was tall and lithe, brown-skinned, and blue-eyed, with curling locks and a well-knit frame. He also was a far-famed warrior, and his glance was quick and keen. Achmet the Persian was younger than either, and comely to look upon, with his smooth skin and languishing dark eyes, his graceful form and movements, and just so much melancholy in his face as to add a touch of poetry and romance to his appearance. To them Elissa imparted her design, and they applauded. both her subtlety and her daring. "Have no fears for me," she said. " When I have entrapped the tyrants in a net of their own weaving I shall need to find that your part is acoouiplished, Oan 1 rely upon your firmness and speed 2" " Madam," said Stasander, speaking for the others, "we have never failed to fulfil a trust. This night we will eee you and your treasure with a hundred followers in a place of safety." thanked them cordially, giving her hand to each, and withdrew to attire herself for the banquet. " Slay the Great Unseen watch over her steps! She is a glorious beauty," sighed Acnmet the Persian. „ " Ay, she hath beauty enough and to spare, eaid Stasander; "but had you beheld the mother of our lady you bad never seen another woman's face to tie fair." " Describe then the perfection which could sutpaea the beauty of EUBsa." "Canst thou describe the flush of the sunrise on the pore white foam o( the sea 2 If so tN1" canst describe the skin of Elgitha. If thou canst describe the blue tint of the lotus ^ blossom thou hast her eyee. But no, they ■were like distant pools on a summers day in which the ekiee are mirrored J they were like stare—there is nothing that can be spoken that is like unto them.for beauty. And her hair—it was like a fleece oi threads of sunshine. Our lady EUssa resembles greatly her mother in features, hut her eyes are of a dark hue, like to the eea ehadowed by a-cloud, and ebe bath not the.fleeoeof gold. Moreover, her face weareth ever a look of sorrow that her mother s never wore, ■ A .brave and happy life she led with her .husband, our beloved King, till they were both found dead in each others aims,. when the lady Elissa was but a little maiden." "And how, in what manner, came death? asked Achmet, as he helped Simmus with the necessary preparations for the impending flight. . " Ask me not here and now," said Stasander. ' Thow knowest that walls have ears. But a deadly Bin was committed. The sun went down rod into the sea that night, and Suada watching trembled. To her it looked like a globe of blood and fire. She shuddered to hear the sounds of revelry and laughter from the great banqueting hall, and she marvelled greatly that Elissa could sit at the head of her table smiling and speaking gracious words to the ruffians who had platted her destruction." While she stood watching the last tinge of blood die out of the water, and the silver-grey of twilight sink upon the eea, she listened to the coatee voice of Mezeres as be roared hie rude flattery to Elissa, and the thin cutting tones of Icetas, as he bade all present drink the health of their future Queen of Mauritania. The sounds of mirth grew wilder, and a fever of anxiety filled the veins of Suada. Never had she known Elissa to sit at the table with men when their voices began to grow loud, and the strong wines mounted to their brain. The stars rushed out in glittering masses upon the purple sky, but thin mistB rose front the sea to veil them, and all the city, lay in darkness along the more. A night bird flew over the palace of Elissa uttering a plaintive cry, and Suada clasped her hands in delight. That was the best of all good omens. No evil oould happen to the inmate of a house blessed by the protection of that saored bird. She watched and waited as she had been bidden until the noise from the banqueting ball died away. What had happened? All was silent there. The music of the dancing girls was stilled.! Their castanets no longer clashed, no sound of song or laughter could be heard, nor the faintest murmur of voices. A stealthy step sounded in the corridor. It came nearer. Suada could scarcely keep her self from screaming before she recognised the step and the soft rustle of a robe. '•Have you made all ready?" whispered Elissa, "Yes, madam." "Quickly give me the man tie in which I ride. Elissa almost snatched the soft blue-hooded cloak from Suada's trembling fingers and tlung it around her; casting her dainty gold sandals aside and drawing on others of thick leather. "Follow me, but be swift or wo are lost," she whispered. Suada obeyed with feet winged by fear. Elissa stepped softly before her and bade lier fly quickly to her own room and attire herself for a long camel journey. She crept out through the long halls to the great courtyard overhanging the sea. Here she awaited Suada in a state bordering on madness, so impatient "was she; but her waiting maid fled after her in anxiety equal to her own robed for the journey. As if they had been formed out of the gloom Stasander stood below the long flight of steps leading from the courtyard to the beach with the camels. In silenoe the women descended the steps, the docile beasts lay down and rose again with their precious load. Stasander fastened the packs on their backs, and away like ghosts in the dawn they fled along the darkling shore. Stasander told the lady Elissa in a few brief sentences that he had sent a hundred Simoisian warriors on ahead with the treasure two hours before. Achmet was posted a mile or two beyond and would join them. For that night no further precaution could be taken. The smallest number ensured the greatest safety, and it was necessary to keep to the beach that the tide should staud their friend in destroying the camels' tracks. ' If my lady's strength should be equal to the strain," said Simmus, "it would be well to ride all through the night. Icetas is crafty, and he will be upon our path ere long. But I havecaueed two triremes to be concealed where be wfl1 not disoover them, that he may believe we have escaped by sea." Elissa applauded tills precaution, and she then related to Stasander how she had caused Icetas and Mezeres to drink strong wines until they were foolish, and how she had pliedall her woman's cbarmB to urge them on, shrinking nob from the boldest speech and glance. She shuddered and wept with anger and disgust while she recounted what she had endured; but Stasander spoke words of com fort and support. As soon as she dared she had poured in a powerful drug into the rose crowned bowls o! wine, and she had seen by their swimming eyes and swollen features that it began to take effect. Mezeres soon sank, but Ieotas seemed long proof against wine and drugs together, and she bad to sit and smile and murmur words of apology for the snoring drunken King of Mauritania. As soon as Icetas bad yielded to the potency of the drug sbe had dismissed the danomg girls and the musicians, and they had gone wonder ing hut unsuspicious. The attendants also she sent to rest, and only the two Kings were left in their drunken stupor in the hall. " But how did you put the drug into the bowl ?" Stasander asked. " I conoealed the vials in the laces of my sleeves, and I begged each one to allow me to eip his bowl before he drank. Oh Simmus thou knowest how I suffered. She bent her head and sobbed. Stasander knew that this was the betrothal rite of Simois, and he felt deeply for the wonnd to her delicate nature. " Nay, weep not, my lady, and henceforth my Queen," he said. ** You did well to catch them in their own toils. But for yoar courage in making Icetas believe that you would obey his will and wed Mezeres we should all have been corpses before morning. And now we ast behind ns all evil and vilenesB; and some where we will make a new life, and your wisdom and purity shall make our laws. Of those who leave Simois to-night there is nob one whose heart iB not devoted to his lady." "Cut they will wish to return. Have they not wives ? " No, my Qneen. They are all of your young soldiery, and they are unwed. Fain would I have bidden many a faithful heart to follow where you led; but I knew they would be rent in twain to leave wives and oabea to Berve their Queen, and I told them nob" "You did well," said Elissa, and she grew thoughtful in the remembrance of the kind faces she should see no more. At the appointed spot the young and ardent Aohmet joined them, and au night long they rode—weird forms beside the silver fringe oE foam. The night wind sighed about them, the stars gleamed and paled in the sky, but still the camels fled on unchecked by their riders until a faint light glimmered In the east, and afar off on the horizon heaped ridges of sand hills outlined themselves upon the gloom. Hist a chill wind blew, and the travellers wrapped their cloaks more rightly round them ; then the faint eastern light spread, and « pearly dimness veiled the world as the stars went out Stasander and Achmeb turned the camels' heads.southward.from the beaoh, and tbey rode in a great desert bordered only by a fen marine shrubs. . . ' It was here Saptine should await us," said Stasander, and in an instant as he spoke there was a sound like thunder, and Saptine leading his warriors dashed round a mass of rock and sand where they had been hidden. The fainb pearly light was growing when the white robed cavalcade burst upon them, with flying abbas and snowy turbans, and gaily painted feather fans to screen them anon from a fierce midday sun. "Here we must halt," said Stasander to Elissa. "I greatly fear your strength will all be spent before we find a safe stronghold. Eat now and drink of this wine which Achmeb brought. The young Persian looked imploringly ab Stasander, and the older man, knowing his wild but reverential worship of EHbso, stood aside to let him help her to dismount from bee camel, while he helped poor Suada, who was crying with exhaustion and hunger. The sun rose upon a strange tumult of in ward anxiety and longing, bub above a scene of outward peace. Upon the cool desert sand sab Elissa with her faithful friends and adherents; the sweet morning breeze blew soft and pure, the dew silvered every bush and shrub, and the camels browsed quietly a few yards from their late riders. Elissa's face was turned towards the east watching the groat sheaf of sun rays shoot further and further up the reddening sky, and praying in her heart tbab she might find some spot of safety in the wide earth from her cruel enemies. Stasander, Aclimet, and Saptine, followed by the others, rose and recited five prayers, pros trating themselves towards the sun as the firsb arc of the blinding disc showed above the horizon. Suada knelt with bent head and face hidden in her white veil; only Elissa sab motionless, praying intensely for herself and her people. And all round them stretched the wide melancholy lines of the desert, Jiroken only by long shadows and low bushes as far as the eye could see. 