Political and Social Notes. |BY S. O.] IN a day or two the SPEAKER will issue writs with respeot to the vacancies ia the representation of Bast Sydney and Newcastle, and tar a couple of weekB afterwards the atmosphere will be in a state of considerable agitation from the effect« of elec- tioneering oratory. In a recent lotter I mentioned that Mr. JOHN M-LAUGHLIN, solioitor, was going to stand tor East Sydney as an anti- Federationist. The statement was quite true ; bnt since then Mr. M'Laughlin has altered his mind. He has acted wisely in so doing, for he would not have had the ghost of a ohance. He is not a popular man, nor are his abilities of a high order. Sir JOHN ROBERT- SON is not pleased at McLaughlin's determination not to stand ; and he is now hunting to get another candidate to fight on the anti-federation tioket. It ia believed that Alderman MANKINCI (who will doubtless be eleoted Mayor of Sydney on Mr. BUBDKKIN'S retirement) will be a candidate. He believes in a just system of federation, is a Protec- tionist, and is well liked, I hope he will como for- ward, for apart from his fiscal opinions, ha' is the kind of man.that the oountry needs in Parliament.1 Mr. PULSÏOBD has an eager desire to contest the eleotion, bnt if he goes to the poll he will-get beaten ¡ for a large number of the Free-traders do not care for bim, and the Sin gie-taxers ' will ? voto against him to a man. ,,!" Fon the vaoanoy in1 Newcastle-two candidates are in the field-Mr; FKQ AN andMr. GRAHAM. Neither man is fit for a legislator,- The former is a1 coal-' miner, and corresponds to what is known on hoard ot ship as a sen-lawyer.1 ' I should say that he is not very partial to hard work,1 ' Last Saturday night ho opened the-oampaign by delivering an address in one of the streets of Newcastle. According to the telograms, ho hod a vory 'big audionce and a remarkably favonrablo reoeption. If ho had suoh a reoeption, the faot indicates that the working olassos in the distriot are without discernaient or judgment, and oan be gulled with the greatest ease1 (Jraham. is not a whit superior to Fegan. ' It will be remembered that he was carried'in at the last eleotion by Mr. .'FLBTOUEB, bnt subsequently resigned hiB seat in consequence bf his' having sequestrated - MB estate.1 Before he;resigned ho used Bometimos to drink more than was good for him, and that failing lost him a great many friends.. It is said that sinoo his defeat at the by-election ho' has been an abBtatnor ; but even if the - report is true, the faot that he used to imbibo'freely must tell against him in future eon tests; "But apart from that he haa no gift-exoept, perhaps, good nature to commend him to tho notioe of the electors. : A Sydnoy journalist bus been asked to stand for New- castle in tho Protectionist interest, but has refused. He ia of the opinion that the game is not worth the caudle. It is certainly ' not worth it at present, when polities are-more complicated than thoy have been nt any previous period. *' .' '' THE weather for tho Easter holidays was nearly all that could'ba 'desired, and. in consequence the peoplo turned; out .by' tons of ' thousands, '-'. Evory holiday 'resort was crowded, ' and each doy the harbour was covered with small boats. A good number went to the encampment nt Campbelltown yesterday, btit hot nearly so many as went to the encampment nt National Park' last year. Sunday was a huga'day at Campbelltown ; the inhabitants saw more drunkenness in the place' that doy than they had soon for the previous two or, three years. Numbers of tho soldiers, BO my informant told mo, were as drunk as the proverbial lord.. He wondered that'better discipline was not exercised ; bnt as this is a free country enroly our defenders have a right tb drink like swine on' Sundays. Sir HKNBT PARKES and MB wife Visited, the enoampment on. Saturday,' ¿nd were feasted 'and flattered to'their hearts content, On reflection,' I will modify, that' statement. The feasting satisfied the Premier, bat tho flattery did not.- ' The "manipulator of this artiolé was GENERAL RICHARDSON, In. proposing tho toast of the Premier's health at the champagne Innoheon provided by'himself and his brother officers; he indulged in, a great, deal'of fulsome praise. / In'MB reply'1 Sir Henry .snubbed, the Ueneral. It is not the' first.; time tho Premier has done this kind of thing.' '?.';'; , ,' THE attendance at the Randwick races yesterday was, I am informed, tho largest ever known. I WUB there, and I oatimatod the number : of people at 20,000. ? I 'r asked , myself the question how-, many, of them went ont to the cour»u for tho purpoBo of seeing tho horses run, b,t of oourso I could not supply the answer. It seemed to me that those who went'with that object yesterday did uot got a groat deal for their money. The raae for: the Sydney Oup.was indeed a fina one ; bat moat of the others were Indifferent performances. The dis-, tancé for the raco preooding the Cup and for tho one af ter it.was G f urlongit. What is the good of looking at a horse-race tor suoh a Bhort distance ? The wholo thing is over in a minute and a half. I imagined the late THOMAS OABLYLH taking stook of the orowd yesterday ; how intense the scorn and contempt ho would have expressed.... Only that ho had a Battled conviotion that the majority of people were fools, he would have deemed it incredible that a multitude of pooplo would pay a high. ontranco fee to 'see sport which in the aggregate lasted about ton minutes. . 1 ',.,...1 WHAT struok me when making a" survey of the orowd on the grandstand was the number of women who gambled. In every direction they, were to be seen making up sweeps, ' Having elicited from me the astounding information that I never bet, a lady in whose company I was said to me, that if she had plenty of money nothing would ? give her greater pleasure than staking some of it on horse races, I .think the gambling Bpirit ÍB : quite as strong in women as in'men, and I doubt if all the parson power in the world will' succeed in eradicating it, A few womon were to bo seen amongst the smoking and expectorating crowd that wore assembled round the bookmakers, but I did not see any of them make wagers at that spot. It was olear, however, that they had a desire to do BO. - ANOTHEB thing, that struok me, was tho number of what a lady friond called common people, by which she meant indifferently dressed folk, who woio in the grandstand, - Baoh had paid his half-sovereign, and had, theroforo, as good a right to be there os the Governor himself. The faot that thoy were there does not provo that they were particularly flush of cash; but that they had resolved to get into the obmpany of vice-royalty for one day at least, or something, approaching to an equal footing with the swells.', 'It was moro vanity than anything elso that induced "those persons to buy grandstand tiokots. What is understood by tho "upper ten" was well represented on tho course, but thoy did not exoito either awo or admiration. There was hardly a dress on the ground that was worth looking at twice. I am unable to aocurately,'desoribe ladies oostumos, but most of, those I saw yesterday were certainly the reverse of bonutifni. ' The Btylo of a number of them wan atrocious, and how the wearers, oonld. have'put : them'on'their backs, passed my comprehension. But many things dono by women are incomprehensible to, men.. THE GOVERNOR knooked about a groat deal yester- day. He! ¿pent a. great part of tho' nftornoon amongst the shilling orowd in tho middle of the course, and I daresay he enjoyed himself. \ He was alono most ? of - tho time ; I mean by ' that, that nono of his suito or of tba Darling Point toadies, accompanied him.:: He - chatted with numbers of. the. working mon whom he mot, and' I; daresay, most of them did not ? know who ho was,/ The others did, however. This ÍB the way to get'on. In conversation with. a. journalist, on tho Show- ground, on. Saturday, Lord JEBSEY said that : he wanted to be known moro as a man than as the' 'Governor of Now South WaleB. That is tho right Bpirit to have. -. ....:- -? ALTHOUGH the GOVERNOR has been suoh, a short timo in the colony, yet ho has visited most of tho Blums in Sydney. He went quietly, and hardly ono newspaper, and certainly not ono por cont, of the population . of Sydney, know anything about this adventure of his. His. opinion is that tho slums of Sydnoy atc worse than thoao of London, Thoy have worso habitations therein, woree paving, and aro moro badly lighted, I daresay ho is right. I have soon a good number of tho BlumB, and they are bad enough in all conscience. How tho people who inhabit them manago to exist is moro than I orin understand, It is.needless to say.that Lord Jersey', did. not go through our Blums alone ¡ a member of tho polico force accompanied him, SIB - HBNBY : PARKES : is making . a ' bid for the Labor vote. - This ' is very signiflcant ic Bnt j he cannot get that voto OB long as 'Messrs. M'MlLLAN and BRUCE SMITH are: associated with .him.'UThe' working men will not "have el thor - of !'those Ministers at any price, it To save his own ; political' skin, however, the-.Premier.would .sacrifice'these gentlemen- without .' the Bllgbtest. hesitation. Whether he leah cause . the ^ Trades' TJnionists to regard him as their, friend, ia a Terr interesting question. , Aa I have said, tie working olasaes are easily humbugged, and Sir Henry Parkes is a post- master in the art of humbugging, and therefore he may have them at his feet again before the next general election takes plaoo. It is wonderful how many politicians there are who are jost I waking np with respect to the rights of the work- ing man. Between the working man, the prohibi- tionist, and the Orangemen, the candidates for tho metropolitan constituencies will have an unenvi- able experienoo at the next general eleotion. It is imposaible that they will steer a safe aourse between all parties. Arras an adjournment tor more than a week, the Federation Convention resumed its sittings this afternoon. The Constitution Bill was introduced soon after the PBKSIDBNT had taken his scat. It is a formidable document, al though, of oourso, not so big as some of the bills that our legislature hos passed. Tho Convention, may adopt it ; bnt I do not think either Victoria or New South Wales will. It playa alean into the hands of Sir JOHN ROBERT- SON, and I. prophesy that he will annihilate ' it so far BB this colony is concerned., , . " , .'. . STDNBT, TUBBDAT. 