DREA?MATIC AND MUSICAL I NOTES. I (BY ToocusToNs.) OLb LAUNCESTON PLA YBILLS, No. 121. TOWN HALL. Positively only for three nights at Reduoedu, Pritos: MlONWAY; T fSjAY, & WEDNESDAY, the 30th and 31st October, and let November, 1865. SIMONSEN'S Serio-Comic and Musical Entertainments. MARTIN SIMONSEN, late violinist to ris Majesty the King of Denmark. MLADAME FANNY SIMONSEN, the prima donna, from the Opera Comique of Paris. MISS GERALDINE WARDER,pianist and vocalist. MISS M. A. LIDDLE, contralto and ballad singer. Part the first will consist chiefly of operatic music; part the second-comic scenes, ducts, and songs in character. Prices of admission-Front seats 3s,back seats 2s. On Thursday, 5th lust., the Launceston Dramatic Club produced at the Academy of Music a siisational dralia fiohi the pen of Messrs Merritt and Pettitt entitled 'Neck or Nothing," a piece in whlch the military element is paramount. The club touiie months since made a decided hit with aproduction of Palmer's nautical drama 'Insured at Lloyds,' the scenery and acting throughout being thoroughly satisfactory, the latter especially so when viewed from an amateur standpoint, while the painting was from the brush of a professional artist -Mr J. Little. 'Neck or Nothing' as a drama cannot be compared to 'Insured at Lloyd's,' for the plot is nonsensical, and the incidental characters faultily con structed. Merritt and Pettitt are ad mittedly writers of an inferior order, and ' Neck or Nothing was one of their earlier attempts. From the foregoing it will be seen that if the second big production of the club failed to prove as successful as the first the play was really more to be blamed than those con cerned in the cast. The dialogue reads 'cattchy,' but When the lints come to be spoken in public their absurdity becomes at once apparent. The drama Wta remiarkably well mounted, MIr Little contributing three effective sets, the first and second of which were particularly striking. In regard to the cast, as far as the ,male characters were concerned, first mention is due to Mr Dave Bishop, for his careful treatment of the role of Colonel Egerton. Apart from a slight nervousness observable at times, the rendition left little to to desired. Mr George Taylor, a useful performer, had uphill work with the French villain of the drama, and apart from a tendency to over accentuate the peculiarities of the part, he acquitted himself with credit. One thing, however, this promising youns actor should re member, namely, that the bowing, scrap. ing, [shoulders-shrugging type of Gailt is now confined to farce and burlesque, he has years ago disappeared from the realms even of melodrama-for instance, Chateau Renaud, in "The Corsican Brothers," is played invariably as an ordinary mortal. Mr Phil Farrell has much in his favour in the way of natural advantages, and should, with experience, make an excellent ex ponent of "juvenile leads." At present, however, he lacks fire sadly. Mr Wilkin son acquitted himself creditably as the army agent and contractor, John Bull, and Mr Chalmers got a considerable amount of fun out of the small part of Cricket. Mr Galvin's lunrphy was one of the best played parts in the piece, and Mr Do Bomford adequately fulfilled the re quirements of the role of Mr Davenant. Of the ladies special mention is due to Miss Carrie Wilmott, who, it will be remembered, made a distinct hit as the heroine of ' Insured at Lloyds. In 'Neck or Nothing' she appeared as Nadine, the betrothed of the hero of the d amn, and obtained fresh laurels by her unforced, yet effective acting. Miss Lilian Carr gave a creditable portrayal of the Russian Coun tess, and Miss Carlyle made a vivacious Mrs Bull. The Mirror of the World entertainment is still delighting country audiences. The new theatre in Hobart promises to prove an ornament to the city. It is to be situated in Collins-street, with an en trance into Macquarie-street. Marian Willis Dramatic Company still in the provinces. Professor ioousward, of whose per formances South African papers speak highly, is at present touring the T'as manian country districts with an enter. tainment which includes magic, music, and a ghost illusion. The following are the bills at present running at the various Melbourne and Sydney theatres: - Melbourne - Royal, ' ltob Roy;' Princess's, ' 'he Old Guard;' Opera House, the Darrell's and Dramatic Company;' Bijou, 'A Night Off!' Alex andra, Italian Opera Company. Sydney RIoyal ''The Corsair;' Her Majeoty's, Miss Villiers and Company ; Criterion, 'School;' Garrick, Miss Jennie Lee and Company in ' Run Wild.' In the production of ' Rob Roy' at the Melbourne Royal this evening, Mr Waiter Bentley appears in the title role, J. F. Cathcart as the Baillie, Ames Beaumont as Francis Osbaldiston, Mr G. Manson as the Dougal Creature,and Miss EliseJuno as Helen Macgregor. Walter Bentley will probably find he has made a gigantic mistake in opening in such a worn out piece, while the cast of the principal characters is the reverse of strong, tihe parts as a rule being unsuited to the actors. It is proposed to erect in Glasnevin Cemetery, Dublin, a monument to the memory of the late Mr Barry Sullivan, whose remains are there interred. According to an English ,paper, the Nizern of Hyderabad paid MIrs Brown Potter and Mr Kyrlo Bellow 20,000r for a single performance, and presented thie lady with a nmagnificent present, consisting of a unique bird's nest, and one not unusually found in hederows. ''The nest is of file gold, the eggs are black pearls, and the bird that sat thereon is made of fine diamonds. It is stated that Mr Oscar Wilde's drama of ' Guido Ferranti,' which was tried last season by Mr Wilson Barrett, is shorl ly to be revived at Philadelphia und-r the title of ' The Dunehessof Padusa.' A familiar stage type is thuRs sketched: 'The idiot of melodrama lives on the mountain side. He is dumb. In the second eact hie is thie unseen witness of the murder at the Old T'oll House. In the next two acts he pervadles the stsg., making faotic, but incomprehensible gestures, and gibbers to slow smusic. But in the fifth act. just as the wrong man is going to boe:sentenced to death, he recovers his speech and his wits, etc.' Mir Charles VWarner's big scene in the fourth act of Henry Pcttitt's new drama of 'A Sailor's Knot' was rather spoiled on the first nightat Drury-lane. The hero, represented by Mr Warner, had to settle accounts with his enemy, a certain Count Delaunay, by shooting him. Unfortu nately, Mr W1arner's pistol would not go off. With great presence of mind, how ever, the count at once decided to consider himself shot, and fell dead. The incident, anyhow, must have reminded old play goers of that familiar stage mishap of the old days-' a elash in the pan.' It used to provoke in the gallery such ironical excla mations as 'Try again,' and ' Better luck next time !' which did injury to the illu sion. Some actors were known to endea vour to get out of the difficulty with a convenient 'gag' such as ' Ha I my weapon, do'st thou play me false ? This marling spike then shall serve my turn I' but the gallery perfectly understood the evasion, and only roard the louder. 