The Romance of a Summer. Br Ltdia M. Wood. Clumbers' Miscellany. CHAPTER I II. — (Continued.! Days came and went, and Tebandar Mataaoee still stayed on in Abe little Scotch watering-place, although it. was palpable to all that be bad not come there for the baths, or even. far-, the waters, tor a course of which bvenlhe strongest usually went was generally to be seen willi ftica and sire. lAongias — otteo even with-Ance alone — and besides them, be seemed to have few or no ncquaintatiOeB'ih vthe place. It-was pity .fits'yloiiduieas, partly, and partly .algg'ia&iro;&jJleSSe; her father, which had led Avice, and | through her, Mrs Diiugl&s.; rto adopt the foreigner into their set ; and having once been adopted, he bad no mind to be dropped again-; and thns it came tp pass that in all their ramble6 and ex cursions he generally made one. He exercised a carious subtle power over Avice herself from' the Erst ; and by degrees, it had grown stronger as he became more ioiimate with her, until at length the girl, frightened at first by the strange unaccustomed feeling, had unconsciously ceased to straggle against it, and indeed seemed almost to court its power. Two or three days of -damp uncertain weather were succeeljby ooe of such extra-rdinary splendour that . Mrs Douglas declared they ought to celebrate its appearance by some grand expedition; and after much debatiug and careful weighing of all tbe pros and cons, it was unanimously decided that they' should make up a party and visit a curious old mansion in the next village, which was said to have formed one of Prince Charlie's halting-places during the '15. The party was quite a small one, consisting only of Mrs Douglas and her friend Mrs Digby Browne ; the letter's daughter ; a certain Oliver Westali, with whom they had become acquain ted through Mrs Barfelt ! Tehaud&r; Mutwanee and Avice and they set off gaily soon after breakfast, determining to lunch at the ion of Iochbothie, returning home for dinner. Miss Digby Browne, having a decided horror of foreigners in general and Teb&udar; in particular, established her self under Mr Westall's protecting wing; and as the two elder ladies were deep in the criticism of a mutual friend, it fell out that Tehandar and Avice were left to each other, a state of things which gave the former at anyrate deep satisfaction. You must explain it all to me,' he said with a smile, as Avice made some remark about the historical interest of the place ; ' for I am afraid that I am very ignorant in the matter.' And though Avice modestly professed herself to be about as ignorant as he was, he refused to be guided about the house by any one bnt her. It was an old house, built in a variety of styles, and, wheo the owners were away, quite tbe showplace of the country-side, full of old ancestral portraits and curions heirlooms, many of them rendered sacred by tbe touch of royal fingers, or consecrated from time immemorial to none but royal use. There was even a legend thatoace, during one of his periods of exile, Robert the Bruce bad sought tbe shelter of its friendly walls, and the room was still shown where he passed the night. ' We must go and see that cried Avice enthusiastically, as they all stood together in .the old oak-panelled hall debating where to go first. ' Come, Mr Mutwanee, you and I will set off and lead tbe way. The guide-book says it is at the back of the house on the second floor.' And followed by the willing Tehandar, she disappeared through the door. Oliver Weatall gazed after her with a look of grave disapproval, not nnmixed with anxiety. ' She is such a charm ing girl,' be muttered to himself ' 'surely she can't be intending to mBrry that fellow ; and yet she certainly does encourage him decidedly.' The latter part of this statement seemed true enough ; for all that day Tehandar never left her side, and she appeared anything but bored by his attentions. It was growing late, and Mrs Douglas was beginning to think of turning home, when suddenly, as he and Avice - leant over one of the batflempoted tnrrets, revelling in the beauty or toe scene below, Mutwanee began 'softly : We have known each other quite a long time now. Miss Sach&rty.;' ' More than a week returned Avice laughing. ' Mare than a week !' he echoed, turning his dark eyes full upon her — to me it -seems a life-time— a life-time of happiness: Oh Avice, my 'pearl, my jewel, say you will turn the friendship of these days into the love ol eternity i Avice Sacbarty, ask you to be my wife f , . ... A cold shiver passed through the gill's frame ; it was scarcely. due to the -September air. No, no 1' sbe cried feebly, raising her hands, as if to shut oat the power of his gaze. 1 No ; I cannot, I cannot !' 'Cannot 1' he said softly, but with a persuasive accent in his' mellow voice, drawing down her hands a.s he spoke with a gentle but firm . persistence against which she was powerless. ' Nay; think again ; cannot I Why " cannot ? — . ai i. . <> ;»> ..J «»;ii ' tiet it r&coer; oe cmi ®u« , And as he spoke he bent his gaze upon her with renewed intensity. 'Say yes ! sweet one. See, it will tie ; easy !' to spite of the term of endearment and the coaxing tone, the words seemed more like a cammahd than an entreaty. \- Again tbat-nervoosehiver passed over her, and she was silent. Was it . a battle with a strdger will which kept her dumb !' Who can, say J Tehandar paused, as if waiting for ah answer, 1 am rich,rich, 'he whispered. " ID lay VWUUUUIIM J .v. — ihiah'i b'utif I have not you lam poor. Buty'oo «wfllsayyesisiIfefelit !' The strong will tcinmphed. Avice bowed her head. ' It phall bp, then, aB you ' wiVAe.reta'mM ,'My.'_'es j I will marry yon me ju- y-some -day, she -repeated, If fo reaaahre herself. ' Bat now.det ns go j the rest are wait- iog.' She turned away, a strange be- wildered feeling in 3icr heart ; and Te handar folio wed her, a triumphant light in his dark eyes. 'Your coogri tiilatioo's, Mrs Doughis,' he said suavely as they parted in the hotel hall. Miss Avice has consented to be my. wife.' Mrs Douglas looked amazed. Some how, itiacLnever . entered her head that Avice would marry Tehandar Mutwanee — the thing was absurd on the face of it; and she de'ermined to take her young frigid severely to task when they got upstairs, dim visions of 'Miss March- mooVs wrath disturbing her peace of mind i but the hall was too public a place for a ' scene,' so she smiled her congratulations politely. One nerson. however, looked mavelv displeased as . he noted tbe Malay's look of triumph, and Avice's evident shrickiag from notice," fend that person was! Oliver Westali. A student of nature from! b's earliest years, be I had; been etraugely attracted by Avice from the first night of her arrival ; and if hitherto we have said nothing about him, it is because he had always been content to stand aside and watch with critical eye (he different phases of human life which are so plentiful in a little placs like S'rath CarroD. Avice had always greeted him kindly with the bright sweet smile which seemed like a ray of warm June sunlight let loose on the world, and for that reason, more than anv- other. Oliver 'Weatall took a deeper interest than ordinary in the girl's welfare. ' What a pity !' he murmured, shaking his head sadly as he retired to his own room to dress. 'She was such a sweet girl ; and he Well, I don't know what her parents can be thinking about !' And later on as he wrote to his par ticular chnm, Jack JJ'Arcy, he told him the little episode, with a few cynical observations of his own on the vanity of all, human things, intended for his friend's benefit and his own comfort. Id tbe meanwhile, Mrs. Douglas, conscious, perhaps, of baviog somewhat neglected her daty to Avice, was satisfy ing the qualms of her own conscience by reproving the girl severely for her 'rash; and foolish engagement,' in a manner hot calculated to soothe or calm her decidedly agitated spirit. Did Miss Marchmont know anything of the affair ; she inquired at length, having exhausted all her own arguments — or :her father ? Avice was obliged reluctantly to admit that neither of them knew anything of the matter. Her father was com paratively a stranger to her ; and as for Miss Mcchmont — well, for some inex plicable reason, she declared thatshe bad not been able to write about Tehandar Mutwanee to her aunt, except once, and then no notice whatever had been taken of her announcement. ' Even though I said he was a friend of papa's !' she added, a if to remind Mrs. Douglas that this was the case. But Mrs. Douglas refused to be re minded, and began attacking the first port of her assertion. ' Why couldn't vrm write tn vnnr annt nVvini. him V aVia asked in some astonishment not un mixed with incredulity. ' It is so silly to talk like that, as if anyone were pre venting yon !' 'That's jast what I felt,' began the girl eagerly. ' My .tongue — I-mean my pen Oh 1' she exclaimed, ' I simply couldn't write it — that vas just what I felt' Mrs. Douglas began to grow slightly alarmed. Was it possible that tbe ex citement of it all was affecting the girl's brain I Was this man exerting some straoge occult power to fascinate tbe girl, and lore her into his toils 1 Tbe idea was absurd ; bat still, Avice herself was half an Eostern by blood, and Eastern people were very excitable. And her suspicions being confirmed in a degree by tbe girl's flushing cheeks and unnaturally bright eyes, she promptly sent her to bed, saying as she did so, ' I shall write to yaur aunt myself to morrow, and then we shall see.' But the morrow unexpectedly brought Mr. Sacharly to the hotel to see bis daughter ; and in the private tele-a-tete which Mrs. Douglas had with him, he soon convinced ber that the match had his entire approbation, and declared that he himself would acquaint Miss Marchmont with all particulars. To tell the truth, the easy-going matron was not soriy to relinquish the task to him, for she stood in considerable j awe of the grave spinster, who was more her husband's friend than her own, and did not care to risk an explosion of ber ire. To his daughter herseTt Ktlmur was kiuder than be had ever been, and joined hia entreaties with those of Tehandar. for a speedy wedding.' 'It would bs no nice, you know, if you could go ont with him vheu he goes back,' he said one day as he aud Avice returned from a ramble among the hills. ' He has such a lonely life, poor fellow, and in Bpite of-his wealth is often very miserable, for lack of a woman's help and comfort.' And Tehandar himself murmured the same.in her ear . as tbey sat -together under the-ehade of the pine trees, or wandered np and down the heathery braes. drinking deep draughts pf tile pare strong mountain air; and -his words, eo often repeated, yet always with some tender variation, seemed, for all 'their pleading, like commands that could not be disobeyed, until at last Avice, io spite of herself, was obliged to consent, and promise to marry bim soon — yea, very soon ; t alien she did not eay, but it should be soon. She was looking dreadfully ill and Worn, poor girl ; eo much so, that others . nr..a.n ____ 0681(188 vUVer DWMMI yogtuu«j to notice it, aod to say to each other doubtfully that being engaged did not P«.m to agree with Miss Sacharty. The fact was that she wasperfectly sure inihCrheart of hearts thatehe hated Tehandar Mutwanee, hated him with all her sonl ; and yet she could not, do what: she would, shako herself |&e; from the fascination which be (exercised over her.' She longed intensely to be able to snatch off her betrotiial ring,. 'a costly one of cations workmanship, aiid > D-in bis face, vetractine sat the eame time her promise -tobe bis wife — and etiUaetiMBd adt-. "IheVppsr of fate Wpetior vriU aeeroed«ntirely to have |UMnInatedbefa j and ,jwifh the,:icalyi huBin'chinges'riPtmt obeyed. ' .vAsBhtaAjndtaTfrew only here!1 she ' moaned as she tossed restlessly from side to side in the dark night hours — ' or Mr. Stan dish 1' ; . ' But she could not have been able to tell them "anything if. they' had been, for she had tried many a time to write W statement of the case to ber aunt.; and and eveiy time, as she tolji Mis. Douglas, an indefinable something see.ned to stay her hand, . and . ahp. could . not write it- It was with considerable surprise one morning that she received alett-r 'from Miss Marchmont, enclosed in one to her father, in which she nrgeil her niece t > consent to a scheme which Trhtndar had proposed a few days before — that they should be married that very week by special license in the Episcopal chnroh nlose hv_ - ' It wonld be so nice,' her aoot wrote, ' for them to spend their honeymoon together in London ; and although she herself, on account. - of the infection, could not be present'at the", ceremony, she would join them in town, Send "they wonld have a , few delightful weeks together before they went to India.' Avice could hardly, .believe Hr eyes as she read thie< unexpected'' letter. Opposition on her auntie part ; had been tbe one straw to which, she 'had cluug, aud now even this had fsiledher 1 Well, since things were ho, there seemed nothing for it but to submit to fr'e, or rather to tile irresistible will of Tehandar Mutwanee. ' That girl I told you of, in uiy last is vninrr to he married, it seems, on Satur- day,' wrote the cynical Westali 1 1 his friend the next day ; ' and tbis is Tuesday < There seems somethioga little uncanny to my mind in each very quick work. Boor little Miss Sacharty — did I tell you that was her name ! — she does not seem to thrive oo her wooing. Let us hope matrimony may have a'tnore salubrious effect 1' CHAPTER IV. Jack D'Arcy wasa universal faVburite, .and iu that respect he differed consider ably from his chief friend, "Oliver Westali, and closely, resembled Ium- phrey Standtih. Perhaps that was the reason why Humphrey singled him' out from among all the guests at . Mr. Campbell's shooting-box as the one whom he cho<e chiefly to hononlr l.witb his society. However that might be, before they bad been a week at Inv'erar- ran they were the closest of friends, and felt as if they had -known each other all their Uvea. ' Odd thing, isn't it 1 bow different some people's destinies are from what they ought to be,' said Mr. D'Arcy one evening, as he aud Humphrey eat talking together in his room after tbey bad retired for the night. '.Some people, whom to look at you would say were born for happiness and prosperity, are just the unluckiest . beggars on» the face of the earth, and viceversd. There's a case in point,' he went an presen'ly between the whiffs of bis cigar, finding that Humphrey did not answer,/ ' in something my friend Westali told meitf a letter the other day. He .says there's an awfully charming girl staying in the hotel he is at — a perfect marvel or everythiog that's charming, according to him ; indeed, if it weren't old Oliver, I should declare that he was in love with h'er himself. ,An3 novj '.this priceless paragon, this goddess inhuman form, is going to marry a wretched old foreign fellow — a Malay, or something of that kind — a chap whom everybody seems frightened of, and whom . she herself, according to him, detests, 'or at anyrate does not care two pins about. Now, what the dickeus does a handsome girl — one who could many whom': she chose and when she chose, want to" go and tie herself for life to a man who isn't eveu an Englishman — or even a European, but a wretched Oriental, brimful, doubtless, of deceit and under hand ways 1 Pah ! the thing makes me sick.' And he looked very much dis- gUBted. _ Humphrey did not say anything." He was tbinking of Avice's mother. ' I only koew one Malay,' bis friend resumed, 'and he was a scoundrel. An out-and-outer, l\can tell you. His name was Matwanee, andl- never had such a desire to she a fellow-creature hanged as when I was., talking to him. HD Damri DlTDf in tilA Blwn T van m a the Cape in, at the beginniog of tbis month— or, rat'-.er, it was the end of last. I shouldn't wonder if 'this 'were the same fellow,' he added, meditatively; and if so, 1 pity the girl. Ileitis two or three wives already.' \ It was growing too late for any "more conversation jost then ; bnt the Vext morning, after breakfast, DfArcyjoiaed TTiimnhrev oa bis wav ab-8tairs. ' It's the queerest thing I've heards for long,' he cried, glancing at an . open letter in his hand. ' You know that fellow Mutwanee I was talking of last night. Well it aeems that he is the very fellow whom that Miss Sacbarty is to marry. I nonder.ber people ' Who did you say the girl wasl'. in- terrupted /Hamphrey i hdarsely, clojtch- ing as if for sappnit to the balusters. 'Miss who P J Stcharty,' rejoined the other, startieS by his voice and . "mariner ;. then, catch ing right of bis white face, be added ; ' Why, Staudi8b, man, what's np I You look- as if you were going' fo' faint !' But Humphrey by a supreme effort managed in a great degree to regain his aelf-po mpoanrr. . tiPmjnll_righr,' _hee- turued. But, come ia here ; I want to hear all I can about it.' With a rpeful thought of tbe shooting he would miss, Jack followed his friend into the deserted smoking-room and told him all be knew.: It did not smount to very much .after all, being merely the little scraps in. Olive WestalLa tetters ; botit waa- enough to drawer low . .groan of horror fromtbestartled and dismayed Humphrey. 'It is some fiendish plot of her father's/he cried- fiercely. , :' Av— Miss Sacharty could never, never have con sented to such a thing of her .own free will P . Then after a moment's panae, hB went un . more calmly ; ' Does your friend say1 whether iber aunt knows of itl IssbealBaribthegaroe? - - / 'No.'.returpedD'Arcy, elancung |at the letters in:ms nana ; "»nere is «o- thiog about an the gitl — Bnt if: ypn- eKiJtfis ari'ijt you might be able, if not to stop the ureniage Tat once,- at sMpjiwS other wives. There was a fellow on board who knew him very, well, and I daresay we could get hold lof Jbim some how as a witness. He knows all his post history.' . "'Ah,' returned Humphrey gravely, ' I think then I'll go off to the neatest town and telegraph to Miss Marchmont — fortun-tely, 1 know h-r address — and then I sba'l be able to decide on my course of action. Today is Thursday, so there is no time to be 1 <st.' Then, aft-r a moment's pau-e, b - added apnloseticalty : ' I'm afraid -e epoilt your day's sport for you, oi l fellow ! What a nuisance you nonet think me 1 Bat yon see — T k » Miss Sichaity very well, and the : . -b' of her danger '' He broke "ff abruptly and covered his face with his hands. D'Arcy looked compassionately at him. Never mind the shooting, old man !' he returned with attempted levity. ' Those old chaps em't bring dowi vail the partridges, you know. And > 1 tell yon what, I'll come down to the t>wn with yon -; the walk will do me good 1' Humphrey- pressed his hand grate fully, and hastily potting a few things into his travelling bag, in case of having to go to Strath >Carron/ be Bet - off -with his friend.- ' - \- We'd better stay here till -the answer comer, I think,' remarked ' D'Arcy as they turned away 'from tbe telegraph office. ' There will be more chance of a speedy answer then.' . It was not until.the afternoon that the reply came, however. Humphrey tore it "open - with trembling fingers, scarcely daring to read tbe scrawl .on the pink paper ioBide. P.'Arcy im patiently looked over his -.shoulder. 'Come, cheer, up, Standishd1 he cried cheerily ; ' the old lady's on your" side at anyrate 1' And tbns encouraged, Humphrey read the message, which ran as follows; 'Delay marriage. S. no power over A. Am starting directly. Rely on your help.' Well now, as you've got your bag here, I think your best plan would be to go off at ouce to Strath Csrron, and, armed with tb'is warrant, to beard the lion in his den.' And D'Arcy set his face in the direction of the station as he spoke. Humphrey followed bim. ' Yes, that would be best,' he retorted ; ' there's no time to lose.' There was no train to Strath Carron till eight o'click. ' And yoa won't get in till latish, I should eay, sir,' continued the station-master in reply to his anxious question. 'The quick trains are all in the forenoon.' What time will I get there if I go in the morning I' inquired Humphrey quickly. ' Well, sir, ye'd maybe get there about ten o'clock, if ye took the quarter to seven. That's the best train o tbe day ; it disna stop but twice oa the road.' ' I think I'll wait' for that, said Hamphrey, turning to his friend. ' I can't do any good arriving in the middle of the night,' ' It widna be before twelve o'clock,' pot in the station-master by way of UlBiiUiCUt. ' Aod it might do barm,' continued the yourig mkn/hot heeding the inter ruption, ' by putting "them on their D'Arcy aoqmSoed'iti the wisdom, of this argume3C|lsSSSjnJUjyoji £tay,-in the town for figflapBagitfgved as they left the station. 'Yes, I think, so.! Itt-would be awkward coming io so -'early, wouldn't it 1 But Fll walk s bit of the road back with -yon.' And they turned away together into the quiet high-road which led to Inverar- ran. It's awfully go td of you to have helped me so !' cried Humphrey, when at leugth they parted. I should never have known about it if it hadn't been for you !'-j- v.? 7 j-j ' Poofi.! jnyflearfelldw.itwasoothin",' returned the other, giving his hand a hearty shake. ' I b ipe Fm , not such a monster as to see a girl sacrificed when I can help ber.' ' Poor fellow !' he muttered to himself afterwards as he watched Humphrey's tall fdrm fading away In the distance. ' He's very hard hit, and no mistake.' The auarter-to-seven train amnlv jastified the station-master's boast, and punctually as ten o'clock Humphrey stepped out oo to the_bare.|poking station of JStrath Carron: - The rfaotel— there . was only one oE any repute in the place —was not far from the station, the porter said ; aod it was without much difficulty that he fonnd himself at last at its door. Tbe waiter assured him that Miss Sacharty— he bad not dared to ask for her father — was np-stairs ; and up- staira be accordingly went, and. motioning aside" the obsequious waiter, entered, the room before which he had stopped. Avieewh,, was seated in a low chair by thl -window, raised her head listlessly as he entered ; B»en seeing who it was had thus invaded her solitude, she sprang up with a little, <-ry of joy. 'Mr. Staridish !'- -she exclaimeu>. advancing quickly towards him — ' Mr. "titandish !' \- Humphrey noted with dhstreu how white aodfragile she had grown, ,Dj how hot was the little hand which ti held so tenderly Jo his. 'Miss Sacbarty!' he said sorrowfnlly, what have they been doing to you ! You look like your own ghost !' A sad little smile croised her face: It is nothing,' she returned, with attempted lightness, nothing,' at all. I am quite wsl1.' ' Quite well !' he echoed reproachfully. Why -should you pretend to -me, your old companion of so many delightful weeas, inai yon are quius weu, w«,u » face like that- ! I snppose next you will eay you are quite happy 1' _ / The girl's lip quivered at his words, but she determined to pat a brave face on th'e matter. I ought to be,' 'she returned, her trembling voice belying the words. ' Don't yoa kaow that Fm engaged 1' I have" heard so,' he retained gravely ; 'bat I cannot and will not -beVieve that it is by your own free trill. Teli me truly, now, it is not so ?' -He looked at' her eiverlv. imoloririelv. but with a quiet steadfast Eaitit ini Sis owo na&rttohtiiat; seemed for the /tirie . to -nefvehereofeebled will. V / £,> Ng,',she njrfied, in a low tone, eo low that he .could scarcely citch the "words'— Da/itis not fry my own free will." i 'I knew It, 1 knewit !' he cried joy- | fally. ' But tail me, how could any | one persuade yon t i take such a step ?' Slowly, bit by bit. with an effort which showed how strong was the in fluence Mutwanee hid upon her she told him the story »f 'he pi-t frw weeks; and ere she ended, Hum -' had decided or. his oorseof ccttau. ' Is your father in ?' he inquired abruaMv, as she finished speaking. ' No ? ' An-! twanee ?' ' He a <. too.' ' Good. Then don't let ei'her of them know I'm here. Remember, whatever that fellow asks you ab >ut me, yon are to tell him nothing. And be assured whatever happens I will save you !' With these words bn left her, and went in search of Mrs Douslae. with whom he had a long aod earnest con versation, at the end of which it was agreed that Hamphrey should fie perdu ia the town un'il tbe next day, and that he should allow the marriage to begin before be appeared to stop it. 'Otherwise, they miy escape ut yet;' be added oracularly. There were not many people" in the hotel who knew of the tragedy which was being enacted in their midst. Sacharty was very cioBeabbuthisprivate affairs, and Mntwanee had his own rea sons for wishing to keep things quiet. Tbe wedding was fixed for eleven o'clock, an hour when most of the visitors were at the baths ; and when tbe time came there were few iu the little church bevoad the bricta and bridesroom them- selves. OE course Oliver Westali was there ; he considered it bis duty to ' see the last of the' poor little girl > aud the Digby Brawnes had also turned up ; but besides them there was no one. Ab they walked op the silent aislp, Mrs. Douglas noted how anxiously Avice's eyes glanced from side to side in search of Hamphrey; and on pretence of arranging her collar, she managed to whisper : It will be all right — only tenet.' The girl answered by a grateful smile, and the ceremouy began. The clergyman, a nervous little mas, had concluded the general exh irtation, and was beginning tbe particular charge to the betrothed couple to declare if they koew of any lawfal impediment to their marriage, when steps were heard coming quickly up the half-darkened aisle, and Humphrey's voice rang out clearly in Avice's ears and iu those of all present: 'This marriage must not proceed.' The words fell like a thuoderbolt on all except Avice and Mrs. Douglas, who had been in a measure prepared for them. The timid little clergyman dropped his book in terror aod gazed at Humphrey, who was followed by t«o constables, much as a pigmy might look at a giaut. Sacharty was the first to recover him self. ' Must it not ?' he ioquired sneer- ingly ; 'and why, pray ?' Toeu, recognis ing Humphrey's face, he continued with exaggerated politeness : 'Perhaps, Mr. Staudish, you will be good enough to explain the reason of this most un warrantable intrusion.' Without deigning a reply, the young man turned to the clergyman. ' I come,' he stid quietly, 'on behalf of Miss Sacharty 's legal guardian, to stop this marriage as au iniquitous and illegal affrir. This person' — indicating Mut wanee, who stood erect and defiant, evidently determined to brazen matters ont as best he might — 'this person is not a Christian, and has, as cau be proved if necessary, several wives already in his own country.' Timid little Mr. Strachao looked horrified, and edged farther away from the foreigner. Humphrey meanwhile had given his constables instructions to detain the two confederates, and theo taking the trembling Avice by the hand, he led her away, leaving Olive to take charge of Mrs. Douglas. But Mutwanee had no intention of submitting to his fate without a straggle. Twisting his supple fonn oat of the detaiuing grasp of the constable, he drew a revolver from his inner pocket and levelled it fall at his captor. The constable, qnick as thought, Bprang aside, and the contents of the chamber were lodged in the heartof the wretched Sacharty, who fell back without a groan. Tae other constable, thus released from guard, advanced swiftly towards the Malay, who was preparing for a second shot, and suddenly wrenching his weapon from his grasp, slipped a pair of hand cuff on him, and, assisted by his com rade, marched him off to the town prison, there to awaithistrialformnrder and attempted bigamy. It was with difficulty that Hamphrey succeeded ia conveying Avice back to the hotel, for tbe poor girl's nerves were so shaken by what she had gone through that she could hardly stand ; and when at last they did gain the hotel hail, she looked so dreadfully ill thitit was fain to relinquish her into the bands of Mrs Douglas, who insisted on sending her at once to bed. ' As he stood watching her feebly mounting the stairs, Andrew toncbed his arm. ' Beg pardon, sir, he said ; ' but there's a telegram come for you a while sioce f aud be handed him a salver with an ominour- -oking envelope an it. -- Hamphrey opsed it hastily. It was from Jack D'ArCj. «Aunt telegraphed, coming Strath tqog tbis morning about twelve.' It -as then about a quarter to. 4 Thank goodne., p be exclaimed, replacing the paper v. jtg envelope— thank goodness!' Tin, taming to Andrew he said hurriedly ; < just tell Mrs. Douglas that I am going- the T alia.11 nnh hn loner The waiter turned to execute his ordb._ and he Bet off. I The train was late, as trains generally 1 are when one wants them to be punctual, and it was fully a quarter past twelve ere it steamed "info the station. There were very few -passengers for Strath Carroo, -end " Humphrey easily distin guished Miss Marchmont'e spare form among them. She looked anxious and troubled ; but a smile of genuine pleasure crossed, her faoe as Humphrey ornjitad her. It changed to a look of alarm when he told her how dreadfully upSet 'Avice was ; and aa 6bbn as they reached the hotel ehe cashed up-fltalre to se'e her darling niece. Avice waa tossing about In a restiessrileep, talking fast and almost Incoherently . as she tamed tfpm rifle to iside. Mrri Douglas 1 sat watching er witih a troubled face, which, however, . brightened as Miss Marchmont entered. She felt that she could now shift part at lor -L of the responsibility of the nurring on to her. And a heavy responsibility it was ; for the doctor, whom Mi-s Marchmont had at ouce summnmd iu ,h-:r alarm, declared that the girl was suffering from an acnt9 attack of brain fever, induced by the excitement of the past few weeks, and he c-tuld not say what the end might be. '.She may recover, he said doubtfully as he went down-stairs with Miss Marehmont the next day. ' Yee, with care she mty recover ; but I tell yoa frankly that I fear the worst ' A8 a rale, Dr. Forsyte was a hopeful individual, who preferred looking on the bright side of things, and thus his omioons words struck a chill into tbe hearts of Mies Marchmout aud Hum phrey. The latter was hinging about the hall, as he usually was, waitiog for the slightest news of Avice : and be walked to the end of the road with tbe doctor when he departed, trying to win some cramb of comfort and hope from him. When he returned, be found fiat a messenger had arrived from the police court with a polite request from the superintendent that be would come and speak to him on a raaLt-r of grave importance. Sick at heart he set off, and when he got there he learnt to bit horror that Tehander Mutwauee had been found dead in his cell that very morning. A -post-mortem examination had been determined upon, as they could find no visible caase of his death. ' And I thought,' continued the official blandly, ' that yoa might know someching of the deceased's habits, something that would give us a clue to work upon. But Hamphrey koew nothing, and so was suffered to depart. A few days later he heard that the doctor's report had been 'Suicide by poison.' But be did not pay much heed to the matter, for both he and Miss Marchmont were too much occupied with anxiety about Avice, who was hanging between life and death. As tbe doctor had predicted, she had a hard fight for life ; bnt at last, though as weak as a child, she was pronounced out ot danger, and entered upon her long convalescence. It was months before she regained anything like her old health and spirits, and for long the leaBt allusion to the event of September upset her so terribly that the subject was never mentioned. At last one day, of her own accord, she asked where ber father was ; and them Miss Marchmont gently told her all, and how she need never fear Trhandar Mutwanee again. There was a short pause, and then she wenton hesitatingly : 'What was that letter you talked about so often in your illness, Avice, one from me sanctioning yonr marriage ?' Avice looked puzzled for a moment, then she said : ' Oh yea ! I remember.' And for the first time her aunt heard tbe story of the letter. ' I felt as if my last hope had gone then !' the girl added as Mibs Marchmont stroked her wasted hand thoughtfully. mat iaay a:a not speas ror a rew moments. ' I did not write it,' she said at length quietly. ' Kilmur must have forged it himself.' And then since he was dead, and they were loth to speak ill of him, the sub ject was dropped for ever. Humphrey coming in a little later, found Avice a'one, for Miss Marchmont had suddenly recollectel an errand she had in tbe town ; end there, in the quiet light of the spring evening, be tuld her bow he loved her ; and hand in band, the glory of tbe setting sun lighting their faces with its dying rays, they plighted the troth which was to last ' till death us do part.' the end. 