ASHBY WESLEY AN CHURCH ANNIVERSARY. T*ie celebration of the 33rd aniuversarr of Church was brought to a successful coil elusion 021 3foudaj* eveuiu** br a tea _acd public meeting. A large companr sit down to the tables laid out ivitli a variety o£ tanigs in the schoolroom, and the ladies in charge^ of the several trays zealously attended to their numerous patrons. The church xu Trrnch. the subsequent proceedings took place ^3? an(^ the chair was occupied by Mr XL T. Howard, whose opening remarks were apt and to the point. After this the musical portion of the programme was initiated by trie solo * Jesus lover of mv sottf," attrac tively rendered by Mrs Clark, with chorus accompaniment by the choir. The secretary s report dealing with the progress of the church as regards membership, was of a . reassuring character. Xt was mentioned that the membership had been increased during the year, and the number of seatholdershad «To*ra to a corresponding extent. Altogether the forward movement of the church that had set m during the time that the Bev.E. T- Cox had beim in charge of the circuit had continued under tue lie v. J. Hadley, who • was hi charge of the Circuit. The financial statement Showed that the total liabilities of the congrcgraion amounted to £223 - 173 Gd; the chief cause of this was the renovation of tae parsonage. The chairman: commented favorably on the reports submitted regarding the management of the material affairs of the church, and gave some suggestions- as to .the manner 111 winch _the liabiUties-could be reduced. The chorus * O, Shepherd so tenderly leadw«>" was contributed with good concerted efTwt, aiidirhentLc applause which followed had subsided, an address was given by the Eev. A. Powell, a former minister of the church. After congratulating cougregatiou upon the posi tion in which he found them, he departed from the usual cu-tom of making addresscsofapurely reh^ous character to lit in with anmvSrsary celebrahons, and inrtead gave some decidedlv entertauuug reniiuiseences of European travel. Bcrornm* to whathehad seen of the beauty sV°f of the Mediterranean. he could not verv well pass on without making the inevitable comparison between the Bay of Naples and our own picturesque Corio Bay. The comparison was a favorable one, and the rev. gentleman' assured his hearers that if thev could see au eruption—which they do uo£ in their., own generation at least—from the central peak of the kon kangs they would have Vesuvius pre produced in its main features with Corfo Bar as no mean substitute for the" famed Bay of Naples. The description of the ruius of Pompeiiaiid the sisteraty of Hercuiaueuai was an hiterestin<* one, but the audience appeared to bo struck most with the success of the Neapolitans in ensuring the purity of their mSk supply by -n.11? - £ lows brought to their doors and milked m their presence—a system, whatever its disadvantages may be, that makes the Intro duction of the pump handle and chalk a matter of impossibility. Just at the close of a duet br Misses Ghddou and Walters a welcome, that was reiuarkaKe for its effusiveness, was ex tended to the Bev. A. B. Edgar, who at that moment arreted the church. The applause that greeted the rev. gentleman was of a hearty and continuous character, and tlie comwc^ation spontaneously sang the hymn "Praise God blessings flow" to express their sense of gladness at -Mr Ed"ar*s raippearance among them after hislsafe return from his European tour. The Bev. J. kv. Crisp, 111 addressing the cougregatiou, expressed pleasure at seeing the Bev. A. B. Ed~ar amongst tliemouce more, and commended his hearers for the reception they had given , him. J"?" during Ins absence, but trusted that he had so lar benefited by bis holiday that he would ha able to enter upon his useful work with renewed vigor. Speaking in regard to the recent convention he ventured to hope that the remits would be felt as much in sr i£? -* C t^cl1 ^ anywhere else. While in Melbourne on Sunday he had the honor of in terviewing "General" Booth, and the"general" nad assured him that when the life went out of the Army it should be buried. So when the life went out of the church let it die, and let ?"°?ler lP* 1'bioe. It was of no use baring a nice choir and a lar-e membership unhss tlicy had the power , Ghost, the life of the ^urcb, m thewjmidst. The Bev. A. Jt.Ed~.ir m le hug terms thanked the congregation for the warmth ot the welcome extended to Mm. He was very thankful to be home again, for he felt mire than ever that Victoria was his home. It had always been Ins belief thai he had more fciends in Geeloug than in anv other place, and Je-rf r«ceiyed very groat proof of the friend S I'-?nt^,mCd-f°r <ioir bad been augnig There is no night there," and he had Vf. U1 where there was literallv no Bi norivaythcre were oulv about "two bours from ti;e time the sun set in the west unta it re-appeared in the east. Giving some of the impressions of his tour he said that he Eked Germany, but did not like the inWc nation. He prayed that Germany wouH lay down her ari^, and she was quite willing to do so if Prance, would agree to disarmament as well mid the Bussian bear could he induced to shut Its mouth. Turning to his own sphere of lalwr, he remarked that the doctors 1 . decreed that he was not to take oaWoor work in which birgely lutercsted himself. But he would ipe to sec the man who would stop him f,^iU".ht?r),- The diaimian might be a strong Siilr y te'euded to second the efforts of his medical proctors he would find that he had tos work cut ouk for him. In Loudon, Se vT+wfrf0^world, eveiy house was M!Siouai3V. church could exist without this system. Every church was fullv Pn«l'!^l'a n tj'f.Pnneipal labor leaders in g.pIind were Christians. He did not altogether bekeie 221 the English people sending to Aus tralia for money, for the people of England were, m comparison, more wdl-to-d^ttom / T 113(1 mora monev. than 11~ USC',,}iit wcru "ot'for. tlie anil- traffic there would he no povoiy in Eng land. In mission work Manchester was far™,! away ahead of London. A large miriou glu was opeiied there, and in twelve mouths tlie parovvnmmaaimcd. Another place was erectol to provide for increased requirements, and that tip was soon found to he iuadequate, that three additional halls liad to be erected hi quick «uc cessiom At some length the effects of a revival weredescnbeil, aud tlie rev. "entleman ex pressed tlie opinion that we would have one in' ivf,,S +nl4.S ^U^ Mter tbe usual votes of thanks to the chairman, the ladies, the speakers and the chow, the popular melody "Home cwil '"T ffiven,and the proceeding dosed in the usual manner with the benedic 