OCCASIONAL PAPERS. THE GHOST IN "HAMLET* Bv P. D. Phillips. As we are told ol Cleopatra, "Age cannot wither her nor custom stale her infinite variety." So it may be said of Shakspeare that it is difficult to exhaust the variety of suggestions which his plays present. Of none of his productions is this more true than of" Hamlet," the central figure in which has liecn discussed and re-discussed without fatigue—let us hope-to the Shaks pearian devotee, who never tires of consider-1 ing and criticising the. many Bides of thischa racter, its philosophy, its melancholy, its sarcasm, its dignity, its irascibility, its in firmity of purpose, its impulsiveness (raw i lioBte, half sister to delay), its sanity, or in sanity, real or assumed. But—speaking per haps from imperfect knowledge—I think there is one character which has not been so fully treated as its peculiarity and importance demnnd. It is the personage of the Ghost to which I refer, and I use the term " personage " to emphasise the opinion that the Ghost is objective, and is in all respects to he regarded, as one of the characters of the drama, having j an individual interest in the events of the j play, and entitled equally with the leading dramatis persona to the sympathies of the audience. At the outset it may be noted that this is a ghost ftici geiw 'm. The common ghost rarely appeals to more than one sense, usually that of sight. There is a New South Wales legend of a representative ghost of this species who made a murder known by appearing on a fence in the habits of the murdered man and merely pointing to a pond where the remains of the victim were afterwards found. The ghost of the dying, which at the moment of i death visits some dear but distant friend, is another type of the voiceless spirit, as also I the ghost, now obsolete, which used to add dignity to the baronial hall by the nightly performance of an apparently automatic series of actions. There is a terrifying ghost in one of Bulwer's stories which only makes its presence known by a succession of foot prints preceding the haunted man along a stone courtyard (imagine the horror of foot prints dropped in front of you and the foot that makes them invisible). Scott mentions a ghost whose toucli left an imprint as of fire; and ghosts have made a considerable noise in the world without being seen at all. So that on the whole, and until the recent American invention of the materialised ghost, ghosts who have made themselves perceptible to many senses have been rare. But not only does the Ghost of the Koyal Dane differ from most ghosts, he is equally distinguished from all other of Shakspeure's spectral creations. The Ghost of Banquo is manifestly a creature of Maobeth's accusing conscience. It speaks not, and is visible to him alone. Or, if it be objected to this that the spirit of Banquo is also a part of the simulacra presented by the witches, we may observe that in the cauldron scene he is a mere piece of diabolical jugglery,and though he points and smiles, utters no word.. So, too, the spectre of Cmsar appears to Brutus solely, being impalpable to the sight of his at tendants. In "Richard the Third."theshadesof his victims are made visible and audible with the sole design of acquainting the audience with the nightmare which afflicts the crook hacked tyrant's couch, and with the en couraging dreams which nerve the arm of Richmond for victory. All these are things of air, devoid of interest in themselves, and making no nppeal to our sympathies or anti pathies when dissociated from the characters to whom they appear. Whereas we find that we cannot so regard that visitor from the nether world whose presence distils almost into a jelly with the act of fear the brave sentinels who hold watch at KIsinore. If, indeed, we can treat the Ghost as purely objective we get rid of many difficulties whicn beset us when we endeavour, out of the love we bear to Shakspeare, to reduce the most un trammelled production of his genius to the commonplace and palpably consistent The objections, for instance, that the Ghost acts in on irrational and indirect manner, and that his visitations seem to serve no useful j purpose, and probably defeat their intentions, are based upon the assumption that the; Ghost must be assumed to have supernatural means of knowledge and judgment at command, and are deprived of all cogency if weadmitthatcheGhostis, like other human lieings, the victim of weaknesses, of passions, and of circumstances. It is, indeed, remark able ltow many of the physical seiises he re tains, and how much he is dependent upon then). "If," says King John, addressing Hubert, "that thou couldst see me without eves, hear me without thiue ears, and make reply withouta tongueand, probably, apart from moral considerations, it was just such a confidant as our Ghost that the dire-purposed and suspicious Plantagenet sought For the Ghost sees the glow-worm which gins to pale its ineffectual fires, he hears the lofty and shrill-sounding throat of the trumpet of the morn, he feels and dreads the tormenting Homes, and, rarest of accomplishments for a disembodied spirit, he exercises the olfactory nerves and scents the morning air. And when he compliments Hamlet by stating that be findB him "apt," we know the ghost is relying upon his outward eye and ear alone, and on what they tell him of Hamlet s voice and demeanour, and that he errs with purely human inaccuracy in Ins estimate ot that most irresolute of princes. And, speak ing of human weaknesses, am I wrong 111 attributing to tliis visitor from the shades WMlMUUIlg IV an undue addiction to rhetorical effects? One cannot doubt that, for his purpose, the Ghost would be equally cogent if lie imparted the facts of hiB murder in an absolutely direct and nnrhetorical manner. Cmsar's direct Q11U UIIUiriwuvtM spirit contents itself by an emphatic and I simple announcement, "To tell thee thou shalt see me at Phijippi;" hut the elder Hamlet had been manifestly an orator in his Sme,>d ia fond of exercising his, do quence when opportunity serves, jhus, although the hour has almost come for his periodical retirement, he yields to the temptation which wonkl beset a ghost who rememfiered past rhetorical triumphs. He freer.es his young hearer's blood with suggestions of horrors, the terror of which is artfully increased by the insinuation that they can only be partially revealed. His speech abounds in tropes, as, " The serpent that did sting thy father's life now wears his crown," and " the fat weed that roots itself in ease on Lethe's wharf." It descends to sarcasm, as " Afy most seeming virtuous Gueen ;" end it pauses to philosophise, *i><» naoanom commencing with " But vir as irtue in Hie passage commencing witn - x>ut imuc as it never will lie moved, though lewdness court it in a shape of heaven. To these Weaknesses of Hie eloquent—admirable as mete rhetoric, but discordant to our idea of A purely spiritual essence—we have super added the very mundane failings of jealousy * A frr* lmfore the Melbourne Bhatapearej &>eiety^twl*r 4, and egoism—a jealousy which colours all his speech, an egoism which condescends to I contrast his own natural gifts with those of I the wretch who, with witchcraft of his wit i and traitorous gifts, had won away the love | of the guilty Queen; and it is curious to note \ how gratified the Ghost is with the happy I phrase lie Bejects to characterise his brother's I TTlPDna ha"vtAitniih _ ii ■ . I means-he-pauses to ring tl.e changes on it Ob wicked wit and gifts that have the power so to seduce." But strongerThan all other sentiments actuating the Ghost, sub duing while it arouses his desire for revenge, 1? t'vioye*f We uote ^is i" the climax, of life, of crown, of Queen at once de spatched,' and in the manly inconsistency which would shield from open punishment or disgrace the woman whom lie at the satne time accuses of infidelity, and I think of com plicity in the murder; for, if the Queen had merely been guilty of a too early marriage with her late husband's successor, the Ghost would hardly be justified in his comments upon her conduct, or in the metaphor which assumes her bosom to lie the abiding place of thorns which prick and sting her. That Hamlet so understands the Ghost's accusa tion is clear from his subsequent exclama tion, "Oh, most pernicious woman!" PerhapB, however, the Ghost was mistaken as to the degree of the Queen's guilt; ap parently he was as to the thorns, for until Hamlet arouses her sleeping conscience there is no indication of any mental suffering on her part, nor throughout the play, whether before or subsequently to Hamlets appeal to her, is there a suggestion of any diminu tion of affection between the Queen and Claudius. There are some critics who accuse the Ghost of a circumlocutory method in other respects than those of speech. " Why," they ask, "since lie has apparently freedom of selection for his midnight walks, does lie not go straight to Hamlet—visit him in his bedroom—and there deliver his dread re cital?" You remember one of Dickens's stories in which this theme of the unreason ableness of ghosts in the selection of their haunts is dwelt upon. The ghost in that story inhabits a room in which its worldly ruin has been consummated, and occupies a press wherein the papers in a long, long suit are deposited ; and the live tenant success fully remonstrates with hiin, pointing out that the room is a very uncomfortable room, that from the appearance of the press he j should say it was not wholly free from bugs, and that the ghost might find much more comfortable quarters elsewhere, to say nothing of the climate of London, which he represents as extremely disagreeable. But to the charge levelled against Dickens's ghost our Ghost is not obnoxious. A part from the probability that he may find the nipping, eager, and shrewdly biting air an agreeable change after a day spen t in sulphurous and tor menting flames, the Ghost has an obvious motive in providing himself with witnesses to the actuality of his appearance. He lias to prove that he is objective, not subjective, to convince the sceptical mind of Horatio, Hamlet's adviser and confidant, and to leave no room for hesitancy or doubt on the part of Hamlet himself. In this latter object the Ghost fails ; but had he sought Hamlet alone, his chance of success would have been nil. Hamlet's posture of mind would doubtless have been that of Scrooge when first confronted with Marley's Ghost. " You don't believe in me," observed the ghost. " I don't," said Scrooge. "What evidence would you have of my reality beyond your senses?" "I don't know," said Scrooge. ."Why do you doubt your 6enses?" " Because," said Scrooge, a little thing affects tliera, a slight disorder of the stomach makes them cheats. ^ ou may be an undigested bit of beef, a blot of mustard, a crumb of cheese, a fragment of an underdone potato." Now it is against possi bilities of unbelief such as these which the Ghost provides. Firstly, he appears to Bernardo and Marcellus, then to them and Horatio; and, as lie has the power of being visible or invisible at will, he must have deliberately selected these men, because of their fidelity to the Prince, and knowing that they would deem it needful in their loves and fitting their duty to impart what they had seen to young Hamlet It is possible that theGhost might have spoken to Horatio; hut it evidently cannot make up its mind, and when the oock crows it is too late. And there is good reason for the Ghost's dubiety in Horatio's case. " Thou art a scholar, speak to it, Horatio," says Marcellus; and when Horatio, having overcome tlie fear and wonder which, in spite of his scholarship, assail him, speaks, he adopts an objug&tory; style—" 1 charge thee, speak." He apostrophises the royal shade as usurping this time of night; lie doubts even whether the Ghost can speak—" If thou hast any sound or use of speech and he displays liis scholarship by indicating to the Ghost the various matters which might justify his appearance, as, an act of grace'to be done, foreknowledge of his country's fate, uphoarded treasure—" For which they say you spirits oft walk in death." Worst of all, he addresses theGhost as "an illusion"—a term which must have been particularly irritating to the Ghost, who is naturally anxious to establish his actuality by means of this very witness. I am not sure that Bernado is right in his assumption that " it was aliout to speak when the cock crew." Marcellus is probably more correct in think ing the Ghost offenaed. And now we come to that dramatic situa tion in which the Ghost is a chief actor. Bernardo is no longer present; indeed, he is dropped out of thepTay after the second scene, and we have only Hamlet, Horatio, Hurcellus, and the Ghost. It is in mauner very dif ferent from Horatio's that Hamlet addresses the dread corse who, clad m complete steel, revisits thus the glimpses of the moon. To him philosophy, scholarship, and their at tendant doubt are for the time naught, his whole being is dominated by the spectral visitor, and lie waxes desperate with imagina tion. The Ghost with courteous action waves Ilamlet to a more removed ground. (He might—for we see in the closet scene lie was able so to do—have spoken to lfamlec with out being heard by his companions, but this would nave imperilled his objectivity.) Horatio is again assailed with doubt. " What if it tempt you to the flood, my lord, or to the dreadful summit of the cliff, and there as sume some other,horrible form and draw you into madness ?" Still the Ghost beckons ; there is a moment of suspense, a struggle between Hamlet, and his friends, a breaking awoy from tliem by the Prince, to whose every nerve irresistible Fate lends strength and impulse, and theGhost and he are alone. But Horatio's caution is not entirely lost 011 Hamlet. He will not permit the Ghost to lead him further tli&n; seems necessary, and the latter, satisfying himself that he and the noble youth are indeed alone, yields in his turn, stays his steps, and utters his terrible and eloquent speech—a speech, not only of a trained rhetorician, as 1 have before ob served, but also so full of purely human pathos, of painful retrospect, of poignant suffering, of love, of jealousy, of supreme ap peal, that 1 doubt the dramatic propriety of uttering it in the weary monotone of stage tradition. A being endowed with all human senses, with the capacity of mental and physical suffering, with all the intellectual gifts which aid the orator, and with the power ofspeeelv would not hava- teem^want ing in the just moduJation of Jiint -appro priate to the various and conflicting senti ments which lie endures, and which find not too strong expression in those culminating j words—" Oh horrible ! Oh horrible! most! horrible!" We may assume the Ghost to be gratified with the immediate effect which his address produces upon Hamlet, who apparently ac cepts in implicit faith the vengeful trust im posed upon him, swearing that his father's commandment shall alone live ii\his memory unmixed with baser matter. But the restless spirit, to make assurance doubly sure, pauses on his underground journey homewards, to take part in the adjuration to secresy ad dressed by Hamlet to his friends, and by his sepulchral utterance adds mysterious sanc tion to the oath which Hamlet administers. By this means too, he attempts once more to convince Horatio of his entity, and affords Hamlet an opportunity to invite his friend to welcome a phenomenon strange and undreamt of in their philosophy. And now we have to consider what to the Ghost must have been the acutely disappoint ing re-action whicii supervenes in Hamlet's mind. Neither lie nor Horatio can get rid of the doubts which too much learning suggests to tliern. Is the Ghost butone of those bodi less creations which ecstasy is so cunning in ? For, however much Hamlet resents such a suggestion from the Queen, it is clear that he lias himself been troubled with it. " Has not," lie muses, " the devil power to assume a pleasing shape,tevon the form and face of my father, and niay it not be that out of my weakness and melancholy, being very potent with such spirits, he abuses me to damn me." A not dissimilar doubt has been suggested by Horatio on that fateful night, when he feared the spirit was a fiend which would lure Hamlet to the cliff and there, assuming some horrible shape, deprive Ills sovereignty of reason. It is to Horatio that Hamlet admits that the ghost which they have seen may be a damned Ghost, and that his (Hamlet's) imaginations may be as foul as Vulcan's stithy. Nay, so little does he believe in the reality of the vision, or in the good faith of the Ghost, that he meditates upon the state after death as a possibly dreamless sleep, as an undiscovered country from whose liourne no traveller returns. What can the Ghost do under these untoward circumstances? He needs must wait the result of the test which his sceptical and superstitious son has determined to apply. A curious question arises here as to how the Ghost employs his evenings during the time elapsing between his interview with Hamlet and the enacting of the play. When the drama commences the Royal Dane has been dead two months, and we may assume it is the marriage of *his Queen with his brother which determines him to make him self visible to a select few. We see that the Ghost is well informed of what passes, for he knows of the false reports given out as to the cause of his death. But,between that time and the play, as Mr. Daniel in his able time analysis shows, there is an interval of not less than two months. The authority for this is the dialogue between Ophelia and Hamlet in Act 3, when Hamlet says that his father died within these two hours, and Ophelia replies "Nay, 'tis twice two months, my lord," and the King's state ment to Laertes in Act 4, when concerting the fencing match, and obviously referring to something which hat occurred in Laertes' absence. "Two months since here was a gentleman from Normandy." What, then, is our poor Ghost doing during that two months?—he, who, as be himself assures us, i9 doomed for a certain term " to walk the night." It cannot be that the "term" has expired, because we subsequently find him in the Queen's room ; but, as I have suggested, his further appearances would be useless, and we may venture to sympathise with the spirit's sufferings, as, consumed with disap pointment and chagrin, he awaits the result of his machinations, and realises his utter impotency to influence events; for notwith standing that he is a ghost who can make himself visible or invisible, audible or inaudible at pleasure, he is a ghost in whom even his own son will not believe; and he has naturally fixed on this son as the instrument of his revenge. Is it to consider too curiously to imagine the disembodied spirit present at the play scene, invisible to all, but watching with an expectancy not less keen than Hamlet's the countenance of the guilty King? or, standing by Hamlet's shoulder when the King is praying, and angered to note that the highly effective passage in his speech, "unhouseled, disap pointed, unannealed, no reckoning made, but sent to my account u ith all my imperfections on my head," should, instead of inflaming Hamlet's mind and nerving his arm to the murder of his uncle, have famished that super-subtle logician with yet another pretext for delay. I anticipate the objection that the play probably took place before 12 o'clock, and that the Ghost was not at liberty until that hour, hut we may at least assume that he would have ardently wished to be present, and we note that on the evening of the play lie visits Hamlet in the Queen's closet. The play has been played, or, what is more to the purpose, it has been interrupted by the " unkennelling of Claudius's occulted guilt." The truth and lionesty of the Ghost have been vindicated, Hamlet is even willing to take his word for a thousand pounds, a large sum in those days, and we would anticipate that tiie heretofore distrusted spirit would require some explanation of Hamlet's intentions for the future, and upbraid him for the hesitancies of the past. Hamlet does accuse himself, " Do you not come your tardy son to chide T but the Ghost, warned by his past experience of the possible ineffectiveness of many words, limits himself to ghostly brevity on this occasion. Short as this, our character's last speech, is, it is as remarkable for concentration as the first is for elaboration —for concentration and variety. Apparently the Ghost intends some objurgation. "Do not forget, this visitation is but to whet thy almost blunted purpose;" but here his unextinguishable love for the Queen breaking out when once again in ber presence, he exclaims, "But look, amazement on thy mother sits, O step between her and her lighting soul." Then follows the thoughtful and kindly proposition, " conceit in weakest bodies strongest works," and, toe Ghost's harsher purpose melting into pity, he tells Hamlet to speak to her. In this last an independent personage than perhaps in previous scenes. As it is at his request that Hamlet speaks to toe Qneen, we may assume him an interested auditor of toe dialogue that fol lows—a dialogue which must fully convince the Ghost how littlehecan rely uponhissonto execute any behest of his. For, though desired to step between her and her fighting soul, Hamlet is once more unequal to toe occasion, and almost drives his mother into hysterics in his endeavour to make hertoalise that her dead husband's spectre is present. I have one word to add upon this unique and many-sided ghost. It is to vote the perfect idea that ib conveyed to us of his physical appearance and attributes j the royaj whauity of demeanour, die pleasing shape, the pale face, fhe-ooujjtenance inore-in sorrow tbwi' In anger, the eon stent Searching gahe-of the buried Majesty of Denmark. What would your gracious figure?" asks Hamlet in the last scene. If in Jlis first appearances he is in arms, in iiis final one he has assumed the' garb of peace and appears in " his habits as he lived," and we know that, with eveiy cause for anger, his last look is tender ana full of pity. "Do not look upon me" (exclaims Hamlet),* " lest with tins piteous action you convert my stern effects. Then what I Imve^do w«|i«w|3; tears per^biihce for btooa.< Here I pause. Nor can - imagination venture to realise the Ghost in connection ivith die horror of the final catastrophe. "Gh Deajh, what feast Ik forward in thy halls!" j j My speculations .hare earned me far; but are not, 1 think, without justification from the text. Any way, I trust Ifiave succeeded in arousing fuller,;recognition for a dramatic entity wliose noble qualities and human weaknesses appeal to our higher emotions and attract our tenderer sympathies. Alas* poorGhost!—in life, in death, and after, so great a Victim to irresistible, relentless Fate! 