? NOT MERE JSALLUCINATIOJS:. •By J. W.,E. Archdeacox. |Antb«.L of " (Knone," "Amy Darling," &c;,J After vainly endeavouring for the past two hours to get a wink of sleep I made up my mind that it is useless trying any longer, and that I would be much easier quietly writing in my chair than tossing restlessly in my bed. Tb&t; I cannot sleep is no wonder, for tomorrow .iE my wedding day. Another fifteen hours and I shall be jmited in " boly matrimony," as the prayer book bath it, -to the .nicest little girl in Western Australia. No : wonder that I cannot sleep for thinking on't. Sleep, quotha 1 Xhsvaaivague recollection that some one—my double, surely—felt sleepy a couple of .hours ago, and went to bed, and, mayhap, if I was to look over at my bed I should see.him slumbering there like a somnolent Judge. But what possessed my excited self to imagine that it felt tired, drowsy, is incomprehensible. lam not sleepy, and feel as though I never was in all my b'fe. Let me, therefore, as it is near the email hours of the night, and the conch is unattractive, relate as succinctly as possible why £ head this story " Not Mere Hallucination," ia other words^ how I fell in love. When tbe police went round to take the annual census I, John Focster, of Guildford, farmer, replied to my questioner that 1 had under crop 100 acres of wheat, eighty of barley, fifty of . oats, and eighty of -two acres of kitchen garden, and four of oichard.and vineyacd; and that I owned eight horses, six cows, a score of pigs, and three goats. Whereupon my interrogator went away accurately informed as to tbe extent of my possessions. For your information, reader, 1 will add that my farm has a frontage on the River Swan, which as you know flows through Guildford, -thatjit is considered by judges to' be a very pretty little place, that I am twenty-eight years of age, plain of feature, but -strong in build, have chiefly educated myself, and am thejonly child of my parents, who died several years ago, and who I hope to meet again by-aad- by. I am bog an imaginative man. J\erer in the whole course of my eight and twenty year3 have I been subject to what is vulgarly -called "an attack of the nerves." E venae .a child I.was free from fears of ghost or bogie, .ar'th&t; .mysterious "leg of mutton" believed by other. children I knew to lurk beneath staircases or down dark cellars. It may further be said that I come of aa unimaginative stock. My forefathers in Essex were always plain, cnromaatic farmers; they were firm believers in the divine bright of kings in the days when men were first to be found in England who spoke with enthusiasm of the French Revolution of 90 ; they took'no .part in Chartist demonstrations, nor the Parliamentary reform agitation; none of tbem were ever given to mmung aftec the new-fangled ; fads of their generations; and my father when he emigrated to Swan- River, as it was called in those days, brought bis matter- of-faetness with him, and in process of time transmitted it to me' his son. Let me add to this that to my .knowledge there was never a case of insanity in our family, and that none of us could ever lay claim to being a genius, and it trill be seen that a more unromantic, unpoetic, ordinaryminded young man than myeelf never existed. And with an apology to the readers for having intruded myself so mudh upon their notice, and an assurance that it was not unnecessary, I betake myself to the more interesting part of my narrative, namely, how, when, and where, and ia what circumstances I found my sweetheart. Let me begin by recalling to your mind that the River Swan passes along "my farm, suzd informing you that while the land oninyfside of the river is all clear, that on tbe other side is wooded with eucalyptus and wattle. Id some parts the scenery is really very pretty, and on , a calm day wfoea tbe surface of the river is still to gaze down into its depths from the topmost branches of a gum&ree; is almost like looking upon a perfect bit of landscape painting. It is a Rood deal better to gaze upon it than to frWcBd Erase Churches 1 asg (fcp gong pf {he birds is far swtvUr than the chorister*'" w.ict**. it is iikv a of heavuii, an-1 was am h i one ot tiu .se scenes which paints ficti fault','-x : pit-curt-s on the hyaline canvas of the vivui- tli.ii 1 first Si.cv my swyethnar;.. Aj^iiioii of B'icc.kccio's story—whom I hav-i always *ui.po.s«i to be the orijriual of tit;!j <jeg»-u»_Tate Siin^i-? Siinou of uarievydoui. 1 was a foolish young 1112.11 before 1 in love. Like, liim, too, and Oliver Dubois also, aa foon as ever 1 looked I Joved : but unlike the tirst-iia iied of those eelebrat«d characters I first spied my love sleeping— not under the trees on the land, but in a buas on tlio rivtr. It hapi>ered in this way— T^ast year we finished the wheat harvest shortly after the first of January. The weather was excessively hot at the time, and on the day that all the oorn had been gathered into the bam ready for winnowing and bagging the 6un : s rays werescjstrong that we knocked off .work very early. Having removed all traces of my toil and put on other clothes, I hunted up a novel from amongst a lot of old books, and went down to the river to smoke and read. As was my usual custom when indulging in a luxury of that kind I entered a little boat 1 k«pt there, and rowed some distance upstream till I reached a bend in the river overhung by trees, and fastening my boat to a stake Hit my pipe and composed myself for a couple of hours' amusement. I wish to mention here, as it has a good deal of bearing on my story, that befote coming out I had from mere caprice put on my finger a curious, antique ring cf massive gold which I bad had by me for years. _ It was my father's in his lifetime, and I believe be purchased it from a Jew in Covent Garden. I had never worn it before; in fact it was the first time' it bad been worn since it came into the family. It appears to me that I had been reading about half an hour, when looking -suddenly upstream I espied a boat, apparently empty, drifting towards me, and recognising it as belonging to a neighbouring farmer I pulled towards it, intending-to tow it back to its mooring-plaee. I had not proceeded very far, however, before I .paused in astonishment, and allowed it to drift towards me, for in the bottom of the boat lay a young girl sleeping. Who she was, or what shejwas like, T was prevented from seeing by her arm, whichjwas thrown carelessly over her face. The other arm rested on the side of the boat, and both were delicate in colour, and very shapely. She was dressed in some white, gossamery kind of muslin, and as the boat drew nearer I noticed she had neither shoes nor stockings on, and that her feet were as perfect in shape as her hands. As the boat got alongside my own I put my hand out; and stopped it, and then the change of postion; gave me a view of her face. I almost held my : breath lest the vision should be dispelled and I should awake and find it was but a dream. I cannot describe lier. To say that her hair was. of a light brown, her face of an almost perfect" oval, her forehead broad, her eyebrows delicately pencilled, her nose Grecian, her lips like a crimson rosebud, her chin round and full, her complexion delicately flushed with carna-' tion, her{ eyes, as I afterwards learned, of myosotis blue, would be a very inadequate description. The only face I ever saw resembling hers appeared in a picture given away with the Queen newspaper in 1881. It was called " Adeline," and had beneath it those two lines of Tennyson's— Thy rose lips and full blue eyes Take tbe heart from ont my breast. In good sooth they took tbe heart out of mine, or rather confirmed the voluntary .gift I made the moment. I espied her sleeping in the boat. Whether it was the propinquity of a stranger, the fixity of the gaze I had bent on her, or tbe warm rays of the sun which beat down on her, as the boat came out of the shadows, I cannot say; but suddenly she awoke. I like the boar, the yokel I was, never gave a thought to the possibility of her being frightened at the predicament in. which sbe found herself, nor deemed it neoessaxy to utter one word' of reassurance. My .sole thoughts •were selfish, and believing I bad committed an indiscretion.I hung my bead giiiltily, and did not venture "to" raise my eyes higher than bear feet. _ Their owner did not ..utter a word of eurprise, -however bnt lay awhile in the boat: then suddenly raising berself to a sitting posture she said with sai^astic emphasis, j " Perhaps, sir, when' you. have finished conf templating the beanty of nfy feet you'll aspire to notioe my confusion of face." , f l—I befe your pardemi" I'stammered, not daring to raise my eyos.lest I should discover in her countenance thai which seemed to make tbe air sentient with laughter. 'Like most fools I hated to/be laogh^d at. - , •"WeU," said she, impatiently, seeing I got no further, "can't you tfill me where I am* how I came here, and what von pre doing here?" ' ' ' " TT "You are on tbe Swan River, and I suppose you fell asleep and your bait burst its moorings, n I rephed. "I am a farmer named Forster, and came out for apulL" " That's what I call condensed information," said' she, more amiably. ""I'm excessively sony I spoke so crossly just now. But you annoyed me." " 1 beg your pardon," I again said, humbly, still afraid—yes, afraid—-to look higher than berfeet " I would like you, however, to be a little more explicit," went on this self-possessed young lady. " You arecba^mingly categorical, but tense almost to vagueness." For instance, the River Swan, I believe, runs from Fremantle to goodness knows where in the direction of York, and all you seem able to say is that I am on the river. Which part of it, please?" Heavens ! _ How I envied her coolness. "Yon are in Guildford." I replied, and as that boat belongs to Mr. Bayne^ you've drifted not half a mile from bis farm." "That's better," she said, encouragingly. " My boat has, as you say, drifted, and I bavo no oars, else I would row back. Bnt if you will kindly push my boat over to the bank, so that I may land, I can find my way back, and shall be glad to be thus indebted to you for your kindness." You Me going away !" I -muttered, feeling sick at the idea. " Well, I certainly don't cxpect to spend the rest of the day and all the night in this boat," she rejoined in an amused voice. Just then I looked np and whether it was the sight of those beautiful myosotis eyes of hers, or the quizzical expression in her countenance which emboldened me, I cannot say, but I blurted out, " If you wouldn't mind taking a seat in my boat I wouid pull you uptoBaynes's landing." : " Instead of ' minding' I shall be very grateful,'' was her gracious reply, and after I had made her boat fast she stepped into mine, taking with her a small basket which I supposed contained her footgear, though why she should have thought it necessary to discard tbem when she entered the boat I was at a loss to conjecture. "To-day has been a day of mishaps," she said, as we glided up the river. " When I got up this morning the first sight that greeted my eyes outdoors was uncle Baynes _ ruefully contemplating the havoc made in his flowergarden by a cow which during the night had sat down amongst the beds to 'think,' as Max Adeler puts it. When I went into breakfast I found my cousin Bessie had scalded herself -with a cup of hot cocoa, and later on my aunt :told me one of the men had been churning > cream since daybreak without making the -butter oome. A couple of hours ago when I went down to the landing- to unfasten the boat and tow a little way down the river to a nook where I would moor it in midstream, and read Shakspeare beneath. the shade of the overhanging branches, I slipped into the water over my ankles and was-too lazy to return to the house for dry boots. And then to crown it all I fell asleep and my treacherous boat slipped its moorings. It was-fortunate you saw I thought so too, although of course I did not say feo, and as by this time my shyness had pitly-worn off beneath the spell of her frankness, I 'Was able to contribute my share to the conversation. Not that it was very large, for the" .pretty chatterer opposite me" was so willing to talk, and her -voice w&3 so sweet that I was nothing loth to enjoy the pleasure Of allowing her to almost monopolize "the conversation. But as I listened my enjoyment was . tigged with regret. There she. sat, a chariri&ag;, delicate maiden, saying all manner of pretty, piquant things in her bewitching voice, emphasizing her remarks with the grace-, ful play of-her hands, even looking into my face with with the most infectious gaiety beaming in hers, and with all her mirthfulness, 4 lady alwaj's. I, sitting opposite, plainfeatured, large-'jodied, uncouth-skated, a mere eilad, into whose mind no light hadever-shone ta£ it beamed out of her beautiful eyes. 'For tbe first time in my life I despised my ancestors, - and wished' that better oppbrtenities of learning had been .afforded me in order that I might attune . toy speech to hers,- and thopaaghly enter into-the spirit of all that she said. After a time, too short for me, we reached the landing, 'and I with as JittSe clumsiness as possible helped. her to. land. But it was hard for .me to do so; indeed, it was like shutting one's eyes to a glimpse of Paradise. Was it possible that I might ever see her again ? Would she eare to have a clodhopping: farater thrusting himself upon her— she, tbe niece of a man who though he always, treated me as an equal, was above my station in life ;Jshe who in herself was as far removed from rne as tbe stars of beaven? To my great delight, however., she seemed not to be disinclined for a development of our anapiaintfffioe, and when I excused myself from accompanying her to the house—for just then I felt anything but wishful to encounter her relatives—she made me promise before we parted to call upon them the next day. I bave a somewhat confused recollection of going about my work the same as usual the following day, and receiving a note from her uncle thanking me for what be called the "great service*' I had rendered his nieoe, and inviting me to spend the evening with him. You may be gyre J did soft refuse, £ut through^ the day—indeed from the very moment 1 first tau htr oh the t r.i r—a di.-jrtgreeaL'Jo, e. rie feeling iiusst-si-il v.-,and try bow 1 would 1 could i'Ot stmke it off. It was not that I felt unhappy, or l.ad one of those presentiments ffaid to be common} that something was about to happra or felt ur.duiy impatient tor ilie arrival of eveniwr. Jso, I telt uncanny, not- i Hiytstlt, though I had takcu leave of ,1 ohr> j Forster, and was incarnate of some one else. It i was difficult to look after my men; they j st-emed to belong to a John Foster 1 knew i once, and of whose preset whereabouts I kuew 4 nothing. Thin feeling haunted me all-day, and -1 it was only when the night 6et in and'I was on ' niy way to Mr. Baynes, that I began to feel at • ease. By the time I got there the feeling was j gone. I spent a vety pleasant evening, and in ! the course of conversation received enlighten- j ment upon a subject that had considerably exercised my mind during the - day, namely, j -how it'was that I had not been aware of Miss ' Fay's arrival in Guildford, before. Looking back upon my childhood's days, I fancied I : could recollect some people named Fay staying j at the Baynes""s whose relatives they were said < to be, on a visit from England; but I had : beard nothing during the jiast few months to ' lead me to suppose that one of that name was going to live with them. But, as I haye said the solution of the puzzle was afforded me that evenmg, and I learned that Stella Fay's parents had died several years previously, and tbatyoung lady, having finished her education j in England, was to reside for the future with : her uncle, and that she had only arrived a few day6 previously. ^ After dinner Stella and I and one of Baynes's girls went out in the'moonlight for a stroll. The latter young lady was a quitA- witted girl, and shewed great consideration for us two, eo much, indeed, that in spite of the proverb three was almost as good company as two. At the evening wore on Alice Baynes proposed a row on the river, and Stella assenting J, nothing loth, took them down to the landing, and we tnree entered the boat.. I took one oar, Stella the other, and Alice Baynes steered, and we went for a considerable distance up stream, and then allowed ourselves to drift back again. By tbe time we returned it was nearly 10 o'clock, and as we are early people in the country and like an hour or two's sleep "before midnight, as well as five or six after, I took them tip to tbe house andreturned home. . 1 now pass over several weeks, during which . I spent most of my evenings with Stella, and grew to love her more and more every day, if thatwere possible. I had the happiness of seeing that my presence was not distasteful to her, ; and indeed, tbe treatment I received from every member of her uncle's family was won- \- derfuL Kight after night when I went home I told myself there never was a lovelier and more loveable lady than the Star Fairy (a whimsical conceit «f my own, based onhername), and that there never lived a kinder lot of people than \- her uncle, aunt, and cousins. But I forbear to • dwell upon that time, tempting as it is, and , pass on to a memorable day, the following autumn in Perth. I had some business to transact in the city on that occasion, and, as ood luck would have it, Stella had to go to f'erth also to execute some commission for her aunt. Of that, however. I was not aware until I had taken my seat in the railway carriage, •when I found there was only one other occupant—she. Whatever may have been her thoughts, and they did not appear to be unpleasant, I considered it a very kind interposition of Providence, and congratulated myself accordingly. In such charming company the journey, brief as it is, seemed considerably shorter than usual, and I could scarcely believe when we reached -Perth that we had travelled eight miles. But my incredulity was not proof against the great, staring, white letters " kekth" on the blue na»neplatey so," suppreseirig a sigh, I got out with myoompanion, and we walked up Barrack-street together, as far as the Town Hall, where we separated, she to \- her shopping and I to see my solicitor on business. As I was leaving the man of law's office, I encountered one Will Chishofan, or ; more properly Dr. Chisholm, the surgeon of theimmigiantehipWolverhamptoni aaida great friend or mine.. We had been boys together, but when he jgrew near manhood be went to England, andtheresfcudied medicine; and^affcet .he had taken a diploma choa»' the -seS^Tpr his profession. - •^ He - was lucky ^enough 1 tb gejb appointed toa shijn and fdlr«everal"yta^ after I lost sight of ; him ; hot 1 he "had made two or throa trips to the -«pkmy jin.'.fcbe-- Ship I have named, and he (was thinking Oof permanently, (slaying in -TTtftern Australia: We had, as may Be supposed, plenty ' ta s&y; to each other, aba hmcbea tog6ther,igfter tvhioh we departed,- be promising to epdfcl thei next day with meat my farm, aud i that I would introduce him to Stella. To this good friend, whom I loved as l would a brother,'I had, I fear,' been indulging in excessive paneeyric oh the Star Fairy, and he was naturally curious toseeher. He wished to see if I was aa likely to be happy with her as he would be with the Scotch lassie who would come out -to him- from England, if be settled down here, be Maid, laughing. After Chisholm and I parted I strolled along Adelaide-terrace in tbe direction of tbe Causeway, but I bad not gone far, when to my great good fortune I espied Stella. Fay coming towards me, and when we met I turned and walked back v with her. When we got opposite the Public Gardens she projxwed that we should enter and eit down on oue of the seats, to which of course I assented. We had not long been seated, however, when Chisholm entered the Gardens also, and oame straight up to me. I thought be looked rather strangely at me as he approached; but taking no notice of it I introduced him to Stella, when, to my utter amazement and vexation, he burst into a fit of laughter, exclaiming, "2?one of that, old man; I can stand a good deal of joking, but to introduce me to a lady •mlw is not present. "What do yoa mean?" I demanded angrily. "Just what I say," he rojoine3. Stella arose, and walked away, "Mr. Chisholm,"said L "perhaps now that we are alone, youH. explain this insult you have put on my friend, and not pretend"— "Forster, upon my honour it is you who are pretending," fie interrupted. "And I tell you you are pretending that I am alone," I said fiercely. " I should be pretending to second sight if I said that you were not," he replied firmly. "Come, old man, that wine we had has mounted to your head. Yon don't know how comically you were acting at the Garden gate before I followed you in." "Dr. Chisholm," I said,in a white heat with passion, "I might, perhaps, put up with your impertinence if it affected myself only; bntit is also levelled at one whom, as I was fool enough to tell you, who does not appreciate the confidence, I hope to make my wife, and you must pardon me if I decline to prolong the conversation." '•?fay, old boy, don't get angry," said the doctor, grasping my arm. "There must have been something the matter with my eyesight just now, for I can now eoe Miss Fay as plainly as possible. Let us rejoin her, and I will ask her to pardon my rudeness." To such a manly apology there could be but one answer, and as Stella treated the whole affair as a joke we spent a pleasant half hour in the garden, and then—it being time to return to Guildford—we walked together as far ' as the railway station and gotaboard the train, ; Chisholm, who had changed his mind about waiting till the morrow, accompanying us to "the little village." • That evenmg, after dinner, Chisholm asked me to again relate to him the history of my acquaintance with Stella, and questioned me with what I deemed even more than friendly inquisitiveness upon the rticnlars of my first meeting with her. After f had finished, he remained in a brown study for some time, and then breaking silence said, "Now,mydear Forster,I knowthatwliatl am about to say will vex you; but believe me my motives are friendly and not irritating. When .we parted after luncheon I watched you. From the time I first saw you this morning I noticed Something in you which made me rather anxious. You are not looking at all like your usual self, but like a man who have for months been living in a dream Let me candidly confess I didn't believe the story you told me at luncheon about Miss Fay, but that I only appeared to do so. When we separated I followed 3'ou at a distance" "And saw me go down towards Perth Bridge," I interjectOT. ' "I saw nothing of the kind," he replied. When you got opposite the Garden gate, near the post-office, you opened it, stepped'aside for an imaginary person to pass through, then followed after jt yourself, and walked side by side witb it, conversing gaily until you and your m^isible companion reached the seat where you sat down. Then I appeared on the scene, and you introduced me toyourimaginary friend, and after awhile we went to the railway station, and came up here, Forster, as I hope for salvation, there has been no one with you since I first good fellow. When we parted railway station -here, what did you do with Miss Fav ?" "I took her home," I replied promptly. " Did you not first come bere, tnen leave, and .afterward s£re turn?" 1 1 Certainly not. I took Miss Fay home straight from the railway station, and then came here," I said. -Chisholm looked thoughtful a moment, and then asked, " "What bad you been doing: on the January 8?" This was the day from which my aequafetance with SteSIa dated. " I ooly finished harvesting," I replied. "Nothing else?' *' Well, I was turning over some old papexs of my father's and came across this ring. I never wore it before that day, and don't know why I put it-on then." _ • "And you have worn it ever since," be Baid. I nodded. " Let me look at it." " I 'handed it to him. It was, as I have already said, cf massive gold, Mid was ttf ex- tjuisite •workmanship. The hoop was engrave! with minute Arabic cliaiat-tf-rs, said to be a <-barm against the evil \\-yi-. and nestling anmngst ivy leaves delicately worked was a tiny Bacchus in relit-1, not ii nre than the eighth of-au in-jb in length, but %!>«evit«d with marvellous skill. Chishoim examined it carefully, and th--n banded it back to me, saying, " Don't replace it on yum' tinprer yet." "Why. is there death in it?" I asked with an attempt at jeEting, although the sight of his grave face sent a nervous thrill all over me. "Some years ^go," said he, "I remember reading a singular tale called 'Clematis.' The heroine of the story became the jwsessor of a valuable emerald ' necklace, .which: had for years, probably centuries, been lying at the bottom of her father's well, and was - at last drawn up, I think, in a bucket. The first evening she wore it—I am quoting from memory—she was seized with a violent and mysterious illness wbn h nearly deprived her of life ; but fortunately :-iie recovered. One peculiarity of her ilbn -- was that she became a prey to different hallucinations; and it was not until she had several attacks of that nature that it was disoovered that they invariably;followed upon, her wearing tbe necklace. What do you think was discovered upon examining it ? In one part of the setting was a steel claw, so minute as to be imperceptible to the eye except after careful and patient scrutiny. This claw was hollow and charged with a poison which during the necklace's early history must bave been deadlier, more subtle, more penetrating than the venom of tbe rattlesnake. Time and water, however, had destroyed a good deal of its potency, so that what would have mysteriously destroyed life in the days-of the Borgias —to whom or one of their disciples it probably originally belonged — when Clematis wore it, only nearly killed her. "Now," be continued, taking a powerful magnifying glass from hispooket, and banding it to me, "look at the inner part of your ring, and tell me what you see." (To be concluded next vxek.) 