“ SONGS; OF THE^SOUTH.’ There has been recently published by Ward, Lock and Co., London, and Melville, Mullen and Co., Melbourne, a little book of poems entitled “ Songs of the South” by Mr. J. B. O’Hara, M.A., principal of South Melbourne College, a gentleman well known in this locality as an ardont admirer of the scenic beauties of the North-eastern district. These songs are melodious and fresh in sentiment, and place the writer on an equal with the previous Australian poets, and indeed do not suffer much by com parison with the writings of many of the poets of the Old World. They treat principally of the beauty of Australian scenory, aud the Upper Murray and Mitta districts come in for np ample share of praise. The poople of Tallang atta ought indeed to be enchanted by the charming verses extolling the beauty of their pretty township. This, in con junction with other poems, praising in most beautiful and expressive language Cudgowa Creek, Snowy Creek and other parts of the district, ought to enlist public sympathy in the writer’s behalf, and urge them to read with enthusiasm the remainder of the poems. And they will bo amply repaid. We ought indeed to be gratified to-fiui that not only have wo had a visitor who could fully appre ciate this Eilen “ where Tallangatta lios sleeping and the Mitta rolls along,” but could also expross his feelings in such melodious verse. Not only in his descrip tion of places does tho writer show his great poetic talent, but also, and if possiblo still .more so, in his allusion to Spring-time.— In tho yellow year comoth tho lady October; | The streams sing her glory, tho high heavens robe her With mornings of sun-glow, with noontides of luBtrc, With sweet flowing moons where the white . . planets cluster. “ Songs of the South” has already achieved a wonderful success in England, where tho leading critics have spoken of it in most praiseworthy terms. There is every prospect of it achieving! a like success in this country. We can but prophesy' a brilliant futuro for Mr. O’Hara, and wish him that success which he so richly deserves. Several of Mr. O’Hara’s versos havo appeared in these columns 'from time to timo. We reprint here three poems treat ing of district scenery, which speak eloquently for the young bard’s ability as a descriptive writer and versifier— TALLANGATTA. Where a deeper purple hangoth on the immemorial hills, Ever tuneful with the singing of tho mossy fringed rills, Hard by hidden mountain altars, hard by' shady dale and dells, Where white winter seldom goeth with his stormy syllables, In the valley of tho Mitta, where the moor land nightly rings With the ’pluming of tho plover and the curlew’s echoiiigs, Underneath the breezy ranges, haunted by a sylvan song. Fair Tallangatta lies sleeping aud the Mitta rolls along. Onco in boyhood’s days I listened to a story oft retold Of Ily-Brazil, magic island, ringed with silver aud with gold, Floating island of the waters, often seen when twilight dumb O’er the heaving lap of ocean aud the barren fields of foam ; More enchanting than that island is this fair and fairy town When the mountain peaks are kindled and the sloping sun goes down, Slowly' slipping from the landscape, as the mystic shadows throng. Where Tallangatta lies sleeping and the Mitta rolls along. Oft from out the breezy uplands, vext of windy munnurings, From tho far-off fairy forelands where the lordly thunder rings. Have I gazed upon the beauty of its summer vales, aglow With the splendid hues emblazoned on the heavens’ blotted bow; Yea, with all the eager longing of the panting heart to press Its beloved iu the tho ardour of the burning first caress; Thus I gaze when sunset flushes all the mountain spires among, Where Tallangatta lies sleeping and tho Mitta rolls along. Days and months too soon will vanish, and . the winged years will glide, Links within the chuiu of ages, ripples on the swelling tide: Other scenes will tliroug around me, other forms will meet my gaze. Far away in other seasons, far away in future days ; But the memories of this Eden, of this valley of the moon, Dear to woodland bowers aud meadows, dear to dell aud lone lagoon, Will entwine around my spirit and recall this home of song, Where Tallangatta lies sleeping and the Mitta rolls along. CUDGEWA CREEK. Wild stream of the mountains, by margins of moss, By fulls where the grey rocks thy white waters toss, Tho fays of the hills from their slumbers in’ Awake to thy music, O wild Cudgewa! Thy homo is the home of the wild and tho free, The song of the king-parrot soundeth for What time, to replenish his life- blood, he On the winds all the strength of his tropical wings. Thy waters are wooing the many-toned Sweet sisters that sing in tho hracken- clad hills, Till, with many a curve and with many a They laugh on thy breast through the fronds of the fern. Beloved of thy waters, tho giant gums form A bridge where came down all the wrath of the storm; In its arches the lizard has fashioned a cell, And the grey father Time his decayed citadel. O stream of the mountains, tho darkness that rolled O’er thy waves, in the shadowy seasons of Is passing, like leaves which thy swift eddies draw Down deep to thy bosom, 0 wild Cudgowa ! No more, as of old, where thy glad waters Shall the children of darkness arise for the No more shall the boomerang, nnllah, and Ensanguine thee, river, low laughing and Soon, soon by thy hanks of wild beauty a world -Of progress shall walk with ", its banners unfurled; Soon, soon to the jar and the roar of the Unbeaked of the parrot thy waters shall steal. O mountain-bred streamlet, though dawnings of change Break swift where thy laughter outrings on the range, Yet year after yenr will thy new lovers draw The veil from thy beauty, b wild Cudgowa! 3N0WT CREEKS.' Life Hounds .ih'the’Woodland rHirough slopes .of green grasses, By mountain pagodas and shadowy passes, Where twilight prophetio hangs out its black banners, I hear on the wind the swift river’s hosannas. And down the steep paths from inajestical mountains I hear the quick foot-fall of wild leaping fountains, And Echo starts up on the ledges, that so he, May blow his loud bugles • to beautiful Snowy, ,■ i In the yellow year comcth the;lady October; The streams sing her glory, the Righ heavens robe her With mornings of sun-glow, with noontides of lustre, With sweet flowing moons where the white planets cluster.' ; She filleth all space; where her wings are unfolden . The clear rivers, run under' banks green and golden, ^ When this sweet acolyte of the high goddess Chloe Inoffably benmcth on beautiful Snowy. Ah, once when the blooming year blushed with its roses, And flowerful and sweet wore the far forest closes, At that season of change when the fiery December , Rose, plioonix-like, up {torn the dust of November, ■ - " ■ ... A spirit of aohg'-'glided.down with the fountains, .... . Now thirsting, for •' more from the breast of the mountains, L And lingered . where Snojvy’ in tiirbulence tOBSCS ■ Its foam spray to doom on’ the wild moun tain mosses. , ' r- . But the river-god heard/.her sweet melody, falling And rising, like waves when the sea-winds -are calling; _ .Now softer than song is, now heard as spent thunder, High harper who filleth the ranges with wonder; And he .breathed its soul through' his diademed daughters,"'' The Naiads whose home- is the' hyaline v/atera, And ever and ever-when breezes are blotv7 They sing 'a wild chorus. with. boautiful Snowy;. We soon shall be gone, but some dreaming now-coiner, When the zone of bluo hills takes the beauty of summer, Shall wander beside the sweet hanks of this That cleaveth the cloud-turbaned ranges for He, too, shall drink deep of its mythical When starry nights wander o’er mountain peaks hoary, And the grey ghost of twilight glides down ward in shadows With whispers of water and wind for tho meadows. Ah, beautiful Snowy, what many-winged Splendour Hath hidden its spirit thy foam fringes under ?— That spirit which speaks in the language of thunder Its mystical, fate in tho caverns deep under. Flow onward, mad river! tho wild ocean Thee ever to mingle thy wuves with his Impatient he lures tlieo to kiss him, that Inconstant, may clasp thee, 0 beautiful Snowy ! 