JHE BLACK BOGIE AGAIN. . TP THE EillTOIt OF THE ' MeuCUHV.' fiiB,~Tho gloit of Ijlack . lalwr. which mo*t people connlilorcil wo. laid far.ever. hae lately been raiwd agafn In the cblamna of your con. temporary the Ktnndanl. What advantage the reiutrectlon' of tliia nnrtlenlnr liogie can hat'd loraaynM in.thi, dutrfut is difQeult let discover/ WhfUv nianhoml 'auffrago remain* a part of the Qucenaland conatltution these nfgger-hunting reactionlit« mlglit a* vyoll cry {at the moon a* for tlief r beloved ' gobd- folla. boy' who. ujed in the old day* perform In adcutiau w. vne naro - yauMur, nuou nnuee. hold dutica a* nur6lhg'l«iljreii,i and wuliing' elotiiea etc, The cockle* who appended their diatinguhhed (ignatiirca to the pro-Poly nenlnn mauf&nto; the other (lay were either mhlod liy «oind?to»dp9'/' lh#« old : fouilUed order of aiigarooi. or else did not undentand what they were algnlng, TJio to«te of black Ww which they got wrap- year* ago lin* SvWontly domoralbed thonf; Oml -now - Micky. Sandy, Ifodge qnd Han* would like to ? wal^P their own niggers again,' But it won t uo» Alien colore-f Ixmd lalfor in , Queensland Js played 'out, and not nil ihtfihoiHs. from antiqiuitctb planters or.ulieir'.vassAls wn put.V uumpty 4-umpty up Again.' Tho sugar Industry will itTdtiw todn»trie» »T^ rtt}cd by tho law of - demand and supply, and any industry which cannot exist- except :it.ia bolstered up by a modified system of slavery must.be rotten at -the core. But the sugar industry of Queensland is sonnd and solid and when the new departure in the direction of forgo factories and k small farms is moro generally adopted we shall hear very little of tho so-called ? ' cheap . and reliable'. . block fellows. The best authorities in London predict ' that aa ^eoon as the .'continental bounties are abolished tho price of sugar will inevitably advance. Germany has determined to abolish the bonnty system witbm the next few years, and France and other countries will certainly -follow suit. Under the central mill system canermay in the future fetch a -much- higher price than -at present, and -the .cane-grower - 'who wishes, to revert, to the . old .times of 'unlimited black wise in his generation.' In closing,/ 1 would remark that it wonld pay genuine for as their late pl-oclamation styles -them) 'bona jidt farmers,' much better, if. they would turn their-attention to a more profitable system of agriculture than obtains with! some of them at present. !.An agricultural expert on a recent visit to this district observed that there were a. large number /of, 'farmers' located lierc, but asp+atlturalixt* wero few aiid far between. Let us 'hope that in the future those self-styled ' bonafdt farmers' may-be worthy ot the i name, .and not - spend their -»iuauje nine wauing ior ine tinattainaDie .in the shape of 'Government Pap,' or the labor ,°f. '.half civilised ^cannibals from ..the -South. Seas.' Apologising for , intruding on your space,. I remain, sir, etc., , A WHITE SETTLER. Mackay, Nov. 8th, 1891. 