DOWN WENT O'CONNOR. Am M T)nu'V Whvt M/tfiiwv " Os a Sunday when 'twas fine, Dan O'Connor going to dine, Stood staring at tho great Post Office wall, When his pal, young Harry Higham, says, "I'll bet you a shilling, Dan, I can carry you to the top without a fall." _ On his shoulders Dan he took, to eliniD tne staircase he began, Higham thought tho hot as good as won, When O'Connor gave a jerk, and then let go his hold, Without thinking how far ho had to fall. Down went O'Connor, to the bottom of the wall, And although ho won the cash, he came down such a crash, His car, his eyes, his ribs, his uosc, were broken by the full. Dressed in his Parliamentary clothes. From young Harry Dan went home, after patching up lus hones, He drove all tho neighbours nearly mad, , For he kept ou reciting " Mo Ancestors," and skiting Of tho postal pillars job — that big red fad — Of his great intelligence and his sweet benevolence, And the way his fathers kept a butcher's shop, Wheu a strapping big youug man said, " Get out you blathering Dan, If the meat wasn't fresher than tho news, it ain't much chop." Then down went O'Connor to tho bottom of tho street ; T-In nnllnrl fnr n linUliir tint nnnn wna An thn beat ; So Dan went back and blustered in his usual white heat, Dressed in his Parliamentary clothes. Then the young man hit out straight, right on to Danny's pato, . And the Jay ny ell then commenced to sob and cry ; . For although he used to box with tho gloves, and get some knocks, Still he never had the pluck hare fists to try. Just then an old street croncy said, " What about .Maloney ?" And Danyell then stopped crying and set-to, To thump away in style, but 'twas only for awhile, For the young man whacked him a la Killaloo. Then down went O'Connor to the bottom of the flure ; Ho called for Mr. Speaker and the ghost of poor Torn Moore, But nary a speaker came, so Danyell, the boor, Lay dressed in his Parliamentary clothes. When Dan's ten seconds ended, then on his knees hn VtATtdnrl . And set his brain (his what/) a-thinking for a while. Says he, I'm pretty plucky, and in mining shares I'm lucky, But, dash me, than fight, I'd sooner run a mile ; And now, my good young puncher, if you'll let me go this once — er — In the Post Office I'll appoint yo pretty quick, For sure, Mr. Roonay, although I didn t appoint Maloney, I can do some things mighty aisy — mighty slick. . So down went O'Connor to the Post Office next day, And writes a " minit" to this effect : " Be aisy, now. I say That Michael Murphy Patsy Bolivor S. Roonay, .To bo gazetted a new postman is when there's a vacansay." 