topics ofthe week. For the present, one man one vote has been dropped in this colony, and we have instead a bill passed by the Assembly tor " purifying the electoral rolls." In the old country, the purifying is left to party organisations, liberals and Conservatives taking every care that their opponents shall not put or keep an elector on the roll who is without full qualifi cation, The rolls in these colonies take care of themselves—municipal officers compile the ratepaying lists, with fair accuracy, and xespect for the law in most cases deters men without ratepaying qualification from applying for electors' rights in more localities than one. Nevertheless, though individuals would seldom commit the crime of taking out two rights, or having their name inserted on toll B before it has been taken oft roll A. parts* managers have no scruples, and would not hesitate for an instant to avail themselves of lax supervision to "strengthen" them selves in the constituency wherever the opportunity presented itself. The bill places no obstacles in the way of a new applicant, beyond making him declare his full address and the name and address of his employer, but makes provision for baring names taken oft the roll after the voter has left or died; and the duty of inquiring and objecting lunder the direction of a general superin tendent) is imposed on the truant in spectors in the Education Department, a class of officers who have ex ceptional facilities for identifying names with persons, and running ghosts to earth. The Assembly was very near being tempted by some of its "immoderately moral" members into making the list of dis qualifications too long. There is sense in excluding from the franchise men who have •been convicted of petty or large crimes during the three years preceding application for enrolment, and in shutting out convicted .vagrants and drunkards, and even wife beaters, but to extend the ban to persons who come off second best in the Divorce Court would open up a series of delicate and awkward questions, and necessitate the revival of the Roman censor, an officer who had the power to expel from the Senate any member whose private character was not what it should he. After all, the vagrants,' drunkards, and other delinquents whom this ! bill shuts out are insignificant in number, and j could not turn an election. Apart from! preventing certain brazen persons from offering themselves as candidates at the next j general election, the bill in its morality j Sections will achieve no direct good; bnt it j may effect good indirectly by bringing home j to electors who purpose disgracing them- j selves the knowledge that, besides being im- j prisoned by magistrates or judges, they will i have to submit to the indignity of being) Btruck off the electoral roll, and thereby j rendered incapable of sitting in Parlia ment. Bills are being driven through Parliament in the winding-up days of the session at a rate which is dangerous. Mr. Service protests on j belialf of the Legislative Council, which is: expected to assent to measures at as fast a rate, j and with as little inquiry, as the chairman of j a South Melbourne building society, signing j cheques to oblige a criminal secretary. At J the beginning of the session, the members, talk at large, leaving themselves no time for discussion when the biHs are brought in. When the Railway Management Bill comes on for consideration, members are informed that they have about two days to pass it in, and on Mr. Sendee moving that the commissioners be called to the bar, Sir Frederick Sargood threatens the House that if it permits delay, Ministers will keep members sitting till tbey pass it—a most extraordinary announcement, as if Ministers were conferring a great favonr on the country by prolonging the session be yond Christmas, when, as a matter of fact, they are not studying anybody's convenience but their own in their prorogation arrange ments. If, for the proper discussion of new laws, it is necessary for the Houses to sit till the end of January, they most do it, and Ministers and all will be entitled then to do no more than say, "Unprofitable servants,we have done that which it was our duty to do." The idea must at once be got rid of that it is gracious on the part of the men who are elected to make laws to take time to do their work. For the fortnight past they hare not been doing their work properly, but hurrying lulls through so fast that when a member rises to express doubt about a particular clause the House has not time to hear him. The glance given to objections is like, that taken at trees and buildings from the window of an express train; before there is time to obtain & precise view of anything unusual the object has passed out of sight. And this is what they call legislating in the Legislative Assembly. The Chimes Sill, misting to offences against children, is not nearly as good in substance and form as the Queensland not of this year, framed by Sir Samuel Griffith, but what time have the Assembly Jntem^ora given themselves to so much as] leany^at such an act is in existence? Tbei QneenVtend act 'provides both punishment i forcrime and checks upon blackmailing, a) ,very necessary precaution, seeing the tempta-j jtidn whkh the amended law will afford to the] precocious larrikin'ess to tramp up charges i _ch&rges.the; iriere making of which is euffi-1 ^pqt;s»Msst an Innocent man's character: r ' Tier swiftly-passed bill makes] pother things,to throw dice for] " In an hotel. ^Di is hkely to be as effec in some of the ninepins, an new gmne of "selling a wlll be anb 5 drinking will when If" that time comes it will not be in obedience! to penal la u s, but owiug to that implore-. inent in the habits of a progressive people which comes with the slow and sure opera-' tion of time. Acts of Parliament will notj elevate the people unless they are progress ing independently of Parliament The Premier, who got the building societies and finance companies stopping of inquiry act passed through Assembly and Council in the time that it takes a suburban train to run from Prince'6-bridge to South Yarra.is un- ] abletogiveMr. Wrixonfiveminutesforpassing j an amending bill limiting the duration of the reign of silence—i.e., terminating the act at the end of the next session of Parliament, and bo giving the depositors who are now being entrapped into signing away their de posits for three years longer than they bargained for the chance to recover their: lilierty. Nobody's interests ore being con-1 sidered just at present but those of share holders who have been trustful and negligent, and directors who have been rashly specula tive. The game ought now to end, uice as it is for shareholders who do not want to pay calls; for in fairness the hardship ought not to be borne entirely by depositors, unless borrowing societies are to be looked upon as springes to catch woodcocks. If Mr. Munro cannot spare Mr. Wrixon five minutes for a bill, be should at the least occupy that length of time in assuring the Assembly, as the result of inquiry, that every director in Melbourne and suburbs lias promised for the future to look before signing. The precau tion of requiring three names to a cheque is of no value (as Mr. Stead testifies), where No. 1 signs because the paper is put before him, and No. 2 and No. 3 because they see that No. 1 lias signed. Mr. Monro's quiet ing and composing act (a measure at variance with the proposed legislation against taking opium) docs much to secure careless directors against being found out sleeping at their posts. At present there are just a few too many men in Parliament interested in keep ing heavily-laden ships afloat—ships having no Plimsoll mark—and a bill after the English pattern, that would make directors respon sible in the police courts for criminal per formance and criminal neglect (we are using the term in a moral, not a legal sense), has no hope of passing for " want of time." A bill touching members personally does not pass without discussion, it should be observed. Measures affecting the public at large fly I through, because the Houses must be pro- j rogued by Christmas, tbe must being under stood to be written in capital letters. The finding of the Legislative Council Committee proves how advantageous it is to be a member of Parliament. A private citizen against whom the conrts record judgment has to pay and look pleasant; the member of Parliament has tiie case reheard by a select committee of his fellow-members, who pronounce the judgment bad and the member the best of men. Judge Hamilton, after inquiring carefully into the dispute be tween Mr. Bowman, M.L.A., and Mr. Gore, M.L.C. (with whom was Mr. R. T. Moore), decided that the plaintiff could not recover because his claim was founded on a contract which was calculated to deceive the public, or, in other words, was fraudulent ; and His Honour formed so bad an opinion of the part played by Messrs. Gore and Moore that lie refused them the costs which ordinarily follow the event. Mr. Bowman sued for £2GG commission on the purchase of a mine, which he bought from James Owen Markey, for the defendants. " The main defence re lied upon by the defendants at the com mencement of the trial (6ays the learned judge) was that the commission was only to be paid to tbe plaintiff when a resale of the mine should be made by the defendants *to the public,' and that, as they had been unable to effect sucli a resale, the plaintiff had not become entitled to the commission. At the close of the evidence, however, the defendants, by their counsel, Mr. M'Arthur, raised another question. Upon their behalf, it was contended in an able argument that many of the facts deposed to pointed to the conclusion that the contract sued upon was' part of a fraudulent scheme or conspiracy contrived with the view of deceiving 'the; public' as to the real vaiae erf the mine, and inducing them to purchase It at a higher price than it was intrinsically worth, and he | maintained that if I came to flat conclu sion, I was bound to give judgment in favour of his clients, the defendants, npon the principle embodied in the well-known maxim, ex dole mala turn oritur actio—a right of action cannot arise out of fraud." Baring reviewed the facts placed before him, the judge said—-" It appears to me to he clearly proved that tbe plaintiff and ;thp de fendants did engsge in a scheme to deoeiv* and mislead tire public. They endeavoured to sell the mine by misstating the price that was paid for it, and by misrepresenting its real value,": They pretended, in fact, that the mine had cost them £8,000, when the price actually paid was £6,000. Tim select oom mittee," after full inquiry, have unanimously derided that there is nothing whatever to reflect on the conduct of the Bon. H.Qore throughout the jmrohsae and resale of the mine Jcnown as Markey's; and that he baa notmisled or attempted to mislead the public in any way concerning the asme." Bow, it will be asked, do the committee reconcile Mr- Gore's plea before the judge tint the scheme Mr. Bowman snd him self were parties to was fraudulent, or con trived with the view to deceiving the publja, with bis esmnboe to themselves that the public was In noway misled? What did Mr. Gore Bay about his plea to the oounpi ttoc how did be get over that awkward difficulty— bow could he explain itawayT Before the oommltteeMc, Gw tottnothing«to>athi* jdea,s«ritfaetomreittoe'BMistf»wbtiiliriw^ abstained from asking him a ahiglt qutttion in reference to it Under titeasmmu msfanoos, we are curious to know thaprsriw yalaetrf &b; rtf sh*'inrithioiti niation in which the committee, Mr. Gore, and the Legislative C-onhcil, as ft judicial j tribunal, will be held by the public at large. To be consistent, Mr. Gore will now Bee that j Mr. Bowman is paid his£266, inasmuch «b j he has proved to the satisfaction of the com mittee that the plea of fraud which enabled him to defeat Mr. Bowman's claim had no basis in fact, and ought not to have been put in. He will thereby clear himself of the stigma contained in the words of Chief Justice Mansfield, who did not foresee that the plea of fraud would some day be made use of by a member of Parliament, otherwise it would not have been said that such a plea " at all times sounds very ill in the mouth of the defendant" In the palmy days of the Roman Republic j tire consul who wanted to become a mil-\ lionaire stipulated for the governorship of a rich province after his term of office as consul Should expire; in Frapce,at the period ot its highest glory, the position coveted was that of farmer-general of the revenue; while a little later, in England, to be appointed paymaster-general was thought to be equiva lent to inheriting a splendid ifortune. The Fox who founded' IloUandrhouse made all iua wealth out of the perquisites which were understood to be the due of the Minister who bad the spending of money voted for defending the country in time of war. An American .is usually contented if he has the letting of a contract for street asphalting or the laying down of a new tramway. In this small oorner of the world, where things are hardly beyond the embryo stage, the hope of the citizen desiring to rise is to ob tain the management of a building society or limited company calling itself a bank, I nnder directors who (not being after the I same thing themselves) can be prevented from seeing men* than is necessary. Olive i was astonished at his own moderation, and no doubt there are tellers and accountants) now in Pentridge who, after reading how £50,000 escaped like gas from a leaky ser- j vice in South Melbourne, and how £100,000 flew out of the window in Melbourne like butterflies in a garden breaking from the chrysalis, me kiting their nails with vexatiop to think that they should have missed taking the right road. It looks as if some radical change will come about in company manage-1 ment and in auditing. Up to now directing ] and auditing have been regarded as comfort- { able occupations for men whose hard work is over—a pleasant Chelsea for the Waterloo veteran. Elderly gentlemen wanting some- j thing to do of a forenoon meet together and ■ say " Let as start a company ; we shall make j money for investors, and we shall provide j ourselves with amusement and recreation." j The company la started, and the promoters ] nasally manage to secure for themselves ] directorships for the remainder of their. days, and for friends or proteges auditor- j ships baring an equally long tenure. If they ; secure, besides, a secretary who is both j capable and honest—he must be both—J management becomes a pleasant amble fori the directors,' aqd certifying a smiling ] formality for the auditors. Where the cir-; cuinstances are otherwise we have angry' shareholders demanding explanations from j dumbfounded horror-struck directors, the: auditors, like prudent men, staying a*ay j till the questioning is over. Chance, luck, fate, or whatever you like to call it, gave the auditors in the Land Credit Bank an oppor tunity to make a fine discovery—one that would hare written their names up in letters of gold—it whispered to them what door to open, it even opened the door and aid "go in," bat they did not enter. Out of a bushel t of reasons they give for not entering, the beat j that can be selected are that time was pressing, that the secretary was plausible, | that auditors are not paid as high fees as j they deserve, and that the directors are, after j all, the mot to blame. Inventive and other minds a re labouring to produce a scheme of reliable auditing, " Audited and found correct," say Quill Pen and Broad Nib, and shareholders take their word for it, only to find afterwards that the accounts were not audited and are anything but correct. At Prshran a secretary makes away with£I98, and is not found out in tame because the auditors oould not wait for the pass-book winch would have exposed the fraud "Shareholders are so impatient," plead the auditors, and if the balance-sheet bad been kept bade something indefinite «add bave bappeoed The shareholders lam lost as xnuch money by this piece of lany M voatd have paid for five yearn' audit ing, £or although their secretary was guaran teed, the society (through the bad auditing) eonld not exact die full guarantee.. At last people aeem lobe realising the true cause of perfasctorineSa. Auditing fa perfunctory because tfae mode of electing anditongiiws auditors to tndemtaid that the election is a bit of prttwwffi sod the offipe a «n<v^rf> When the time annually comes round for appointing municijMd auditors the broken down, usdm meo of the district move heaven and earth to get gatetted. The; appointment is oonsidered a form of charity. Similarly, the auditing of societies £oes to friends ?f 3be 4irectom or lending share holders, mad the fee fa a Christmas , or on Easter gif^ nopcttding to the period of the year it folls due. Until shareholders dis cern .the necessity of protecting their own fotororts, by choosing aaditomasosuhurhan ppoltiy-keeper cbooare his pafeMog. there wiUbe foul auditing and bad management.! Would the Booth Melbourne directors faaye pUowed "overdrawing" in the savings de par hoentr-one of the most remarkable kinds of saving ever besrd of—if there had keen auditor# following in their track*? Gpodauditoie oil! .hejfofteooming when the shareholders vote QtmBMOm, jrear apieos, or.as muoh tood"*#* or^ommittoeman, when they i halting. Anauditi IIP earn a reputation it keenness—jpdiciouskeenneasT-and indepcn-' dencelikethatqf thcaijdii; commissioners, will j step into & practice as lucrative as thai which1 is made by leading barristers and leading doctors, lire defalcations of the last fort night are to be considered as toe price shareholders pay for being. aroused from a Rip Van. Winkle Bleep—and how heavy , toe sleep must have been maybe measured by toe, fact that the awaking has cost two societies nearly £200,000; Sleeping in toe day time has discovered itself to be ruinous self indulgence. Should preternatural watchful- j iicsa follow let us hope that it will not be too j preternatural to last. Frofessor Jenks, not liking to leave with out putting bis case against the Uni versity Council before the world, has published a statement. His researches appear to have extended over a period of .35 rears, as he cites a resolution come to by toe council bo long ago as 1856. Mr. Jenks cannot see why "the vice-chancellor (Dr. Madden), who bos been known, to appear in public in the luxuriant efflorescence of velvet emails, should object to toe chaster dignity of cap and gown-"; .That is how toe pro fessor excuses, himself for refusing to set papers until l)t. M'tnerney had, like him self, put on academic dress. There was. public to admire Dr. Madden's luxuriant efflorescence (for velvet can be said to be efflorescence, because we have a flannel flower), but Mr. Jenks's BUperfiuouB clothing was wasted .on an empty room, delighting nobody but himself, which was selfish. " If I were asked to name the date at which the council entered upon their impossible at tempt at government I should name De cember I, 1884," when they resolved to meet in town instead of at the Univeraity. Rut the professor has not shown that toe council have any less information before them at their meetings now than formerly. He imagines they have, bat he is not in a position to know. The professor quotes the attempt (which broke down) of the council to create the office of provost or general superintendent of professors as a most unequivocal confession of failure, and as expressing (with certain documents) "a belief that matters cannot possibly continue in their present conditionbut the most the attempt ahowB Lb that toe council do not trust the profess ore, and have not yet hit upon a satisfactory scheme of supervision. Mr. Jenks charges the council with having on one occasion appointed a conference with the professors and kept them waiting— whether three quartern of an hour or an hour and a quarter we Jcannot determine, Mr. Jenks'alan&oage; being ambiguous—and the cooncilraade rib apology.: Cicero.1was deeply offended with Csesarfor keeping him waiting as if he were only a coipmanman, and every body .has seen toe picture portraying Dr. Johnson in 'all his wrath sS he sat in Lord Chesterfield's ante-room wondering wheni the devil he woahl be called in. If any local artist wants a subject for a great painting, here is one ready made ; and if justice can be done to the expression probably worn by Mr. Jenks we think thai toe professor will be amply avenged in the effect that the painting must produce upon the public. There is inconsistency in the ooancfl saying that they want some one to perform duties that the registrar cannot undertake, and then, after failing to find that some one, giving the registrar additional salary to do extra work, which they Baid is beyond him. Here we are with toe professor, but it does nbt justify that general sending in of resignations which Mr. Jenks asserts would take plane if his col leagues wereallosindepeadsitashimself. The mar of cheating by a student at the October examinations is interesting, and toe action of the council in adjudicating upon it instead of accepting the adjudication of toe professors may be illegal; we cannot say, not being lawyers and not having the statutes bear ing upon the case pointed out. Rut as there are both judges and barristers on the council toe presumption is against Mr. Jenks. At any rate, toe case is an unhappy one to <Ste, for the mean action on toe part of the student, after being found out, which led to the transactions between toe council and toe professorial board, arose out of toe indi* cretioa of Mr. Jenks in disclosing to the student facts as to his paper which -sub sequent events show should not have been made known. Here there were faults on j both sides. The grienuu* arising ootid toe j a»li<mtibnJbrex*».lto<a»tore.aotomfno<ia' tion may be paased hy aaooe which does not " e than as a concern Mr. Jenks otherwise sympathetic onlooker ; and as regards his objecting to the council foibidding the pro fesMta to meddle with politics orvrffeian, he mjgjadgffl psblic opinion and the Interests of the Hnivenity if he thinks that the teaching staff abould have "pa j&rge.; « charter as jjif wind withaL" The University management may be admitted tri be Im perfect, and the, obun^il may be treat tng the professors somewhat toomuch like pJd officiala, instead of as heaven- sent Ulnmtnanta, hat toe general impression which Mr. Jenks's complaint leaves on us is that he is aU angularities, and the angularities hate veiy sharp eflgte, No system in the world would pleate him that did not give him hiaovn way, as Dr. Madden aajw,te everything, ae If he wereaainfallible in judgment aa the Pope. The fnain incident ©fthe debate on Mt eid's motion of censure was not toe victory [ theDibba Government or the dodgery E tneihbm* of the Tabonrparty(who are ow having a stormy time with their oon ataeotaforbreakingfBnk), but toe petulant ttaok made .by 8ir Henry Padres oh the «der of jflte Ojpoeition. , wsdc we IfHttuMl «afaitton <n An liuAinf DBSfcend* nST . i ■ L tg to nm gway uo$c us wife and waiting uteldB ]to| gate to he fetched to, wifh uteres and toate^TheelmHe atiil weras, >o bin Sir Hteor wtibdtswii jfaook MdnjriTiln ftniw Iao ottaft. Jod mids-thi .r ™. r,^. yJJT* asf jj l- tv-- i™ JV fatal mistake, instead of walktaT^^^ ta)'Wstetion, of cop,in on to the ^eaian'trmeanit. A habit JlXl..**"* Gladstone Is ode Peculiarities. He timed kta SS^it^rkes'8 so that it should oewir^l^- ltLdra*al Mr. Gladstone had resignedti^e^ j after ot the Liberals,, When Ifc Di^| jS?ip Weommandingtaajority in Kw?'ned und .to prove that Sir Hen™ ?aTM s ' »0t taring beeo deoM *"1' the Marquis of Hartington was ewS ®' succeed Mr. Gladetotve tLt V, atlheReform CM?ZNew to&tV; Coition met in'an ^^J^ Marquis was chosen unanimously Mr p after hostile criticism; therefore Mr r^'j wMnMelMfcl tmve,, Bd.odbor.mitottougroTO am „5TJS should commence aU over again Sirw * £f«'i .ith Mr. Barton for wearing his fXMf, toantie, with Mr. ReM (who has aW w hoB thorn m the flesh) for «»♦«„„ i , n ** ib, OppciifaTto fthhwoM „b« he Midi, * gj* politics, _ and angriest of all with l.imself because his anger hah not made anvone else ansi7; J"jr- Red brought forward what he considered an adroit motion to defaj £ attempt of the Dibbs Government tiTfntm! duoe protection—n motion deferring protec. turn until there shall have been a £S the o'ie-mau-one-vote rolls (sav r« riTi * ^ or, the one being as likely as the other).nnd Sir Henry Parkes after denouncing Mr. Reid for assuming leadership, and reasoning with the Govern' mentonthe folly of introducing protection said he should rote for the Government! Did pique ever before lead an experienced politician to so absurd a conclusion * Ti-e i™1?,, champion of free trade in Now South Wales was driven by wounded pride and feminine vanity into saying that he would vote with the protectionist Govern ment on a free- trade issue. As a matter of tact, Sir Henry Parkes did not stav to vote either way. Either the debate was" kept up until too late an hour in the morning or his resolution died out. The Opposition voted witn Mr. Rdd as if Sir Henry Parkes liad never spoken. After all that has been said and written about the Soudan daring the last seven or eight years, a good deal of fresh light has been thrown upon the subject in a recently published volume by Major F, R. Wingate, assistant adjutant-general for intelligence in the Egyptian army. According to this officer, all the trouble in the Soudan arose from the Baggaras, a tribe—or rather collection of tribes—of cattle-breeding Arabs inhabiting the ooohizy west erf,the White Kile, south of Khartoum, and between the Bahr-ehGhazal and the hills of Darfur. The life and sonl of the movement was the Baggara chief (now the 'Khalifa) Abdullah et Taashi, and the tribe has always supplied the chief part of the fighting force of the insurgents. The position held by the Baggaras in the out break was afterwards overshadowed by the rise of the Mabdi- and the religious fanati cism that was added to the movement. The Baggaras (the Bed Indians of the Soudan, as the major calls them) are, it seems, very unpopular with the other tribes, though less so than the Egyptians, and Major Win gate anticipates a time when the tribes will be so sick of their domi nation that they will make a com bined attempt to overthrow it. Much will, of course, depend upon the attitude of the British. One thing is clear, and that is the importance of understanding the relat ions and varying degrees of hostility borne by the various tribes towards one another. If these had been better understood in the past a great deal of unnecessary lighting would probably have been avoided. Major Wingate gives some interesting particulars relating to the defeat and destruction of Hicks Pasha and his army, which was the beginning of the trouble in the Soudan, a catastrophe of which very little has hitherto been clearly known. Hie Egyptian commander was at the last surronnded by some Baggura horse men, whom he long kept at bay, first with his revolver, and When that was empty with his sword. He was the last of the Europeans who fell,, and a -body of Baggara who tied before him were called by their tribesmen, " Beggar Hicks," or the cows driven by Hicks. • -■ Recent • events hare brought into notice l part of the world that lias hitherto not oly been almost absolutely unknown, bat ipon which there has rested an obscurity cloning rather fo> myth and fable than to otaal hiatoiyt The Humr Plateau. "die oof of the wprld," as ft has been termed in be grandiloquent language of the East, may e described as theriucleua ol the mountain ystetas of Central Aria.. To it converge the root ranges of the Hindoo Rush and the Bmalayas, the Koea Bun, and the Thian ban. It is a district some 30,009 square tiles in extent, with an average elevation of 5,000ft., or considerably higher than Mont lane and Monnt Cook. Politically as weu s geographically it is the meeting-place of PBtema. It is the sole region of the Asiatic ontinent that has not been clearly appro dated. or brought within the oontrol o Mne recogrtiaed poww- It is a kind of no tan's land lying between Busaia, Cluna, ritish India, and Afghanistan. , Gilg'h » aoeof which a'good deal is likely to ?ard in the near future, is a pw,fa0"j|; toe imporbmoe on the north-western ontier o! Cashmere, and for some tat % Brittehreaident boa been stationea tere in order tooanfcrol the tabes on owier, The action of the Rom"*1 ougUt tbe Raititr region wi&to; Edropeanpolitios. Abbot four years Russian OgUin maed tbe Pamir with oo* and penetrated within .» ^ ;aa ooe of GlUiti Moce a Ross** i.miiitaiy, semi-explonng party traversed f^ nlftteau, and pushed through into Chinese Turkestan. Most of this region luuf hitherto mi regarded as lying virtually within the here o{ British-Indian influence, and riiitral which lies some distance to the west i Gilgit, is under British protection, its Ijer being in constant communication with t!ie Indian authorities. The Russians have, therefore, clearly been trespassing upon the domains of their neighbours. Their recent movements hove caused some alarm in ^glo-Indian circles, and the object of Colonel Dnrand's expedition beyond Gilgit bus, we learn, to forestall Russia and assert the control of England over this portion of ti,f country. After the treatment the British ,gfnt, Captain Younghusband, received from the Russians, by whom he was stopped and tamed back, although in territory that was certainly not Russian, the Indian authorities doubtless considered that something must he done, especially as the tribesmen, not improbably egged on by Russia, were threatening Oilgit As in all the frontier districts of India, the chief obstacles are not military but arise from the mountainous nature of the country and the severity of the climate. The expedition against Fort Nilt bas been, doubtless, sufficiently decisive to teach the natives a lesson, and it is to be hoped that the difficulty of getting back will I cot be insuperable, as otherwise further' complications may arise which will neces sitate more serious efforts. ; 