QUARANTINE ISLAND. Y Yt' WAlTIO tUESANT. CHAPTER I, " No," he cried, ipassionately. " You drew me on: you led me to helievre that you cared for me: you olrecour aged me. What ? Can a girl go on as you have done without meaning anything ? )Does a girl allow a manl to press her hand-to keeop her hIand -without mianintg anuythinlg 2 Uo loss those tilng moean nttlhung, you are the most hear lo.is girl in the whole world ; yes--I say the coldest, the most treacherous, the most hIeart loessl " It was evening, and moon light, a soft and delicious night in September. The wave slapped gently at their feet, thile warm breezo played upon their faces, tiloe mnoon sihone upon them-an evening wholly unfit for such a royal rage, as thls yoog ge tlemau-two-and-twenty is still young -exhibited. He walked about on the parade, which was deserted, oexcept for this solitary pair, gosticulating, waving his arms, mad with the mad ness of wounded love. She sat on one of the seaside benches, her hands elaspod, her head bent. He weont on-he recalled tle doay when first tlhey mot, hle reminded her of the many, many ways in whichl she had led him on to believe that bshe oared for him, Ihe accused her of making him love her in order to lIugh at him. When Ihe cotlia find nothing more to say hIe flung himself upon the bench, but on the other end of it, and crossed hisi arms, and droopoedl Lis head upon themt. So that thlere wero two on thle bench : one at either end, and both with their heiads drooped-a pretty picture, in the mooulight, of a lovers' quarrel. But this was worse than a lovers' quarrol. It was the end of everything, for the girl was engaged to another mlan. She rose. If he had boon looking up he would have soon that there were tears in her eyes, atid on her chook. " Mr. Fornio," she stammered timidly, "I suppose there is nothling more to say. I am, no doubt, all that you have called me. I am heartless. I have led you on. W\oll -but I did not know--how could I toll that you were takintg things so seriously ? How can you be so aingry just because I can't marry you ? One girl is no better than another. Theoro are plenty of girls in the world. I thought you liked mo, and, I--but what is the use of talling ? I am heartless and cold. I am treacheroeus, and vain, and cruel, and-and-won't you shake hauds with me once more, Claude, before we part ? " "No, I will never shake hands with you again; never-never. By Heavens ! nothing that could happen now would ever make me shake hands with you again. I hate you, I loathe you, I shudder at the sight of you, I could snot forgive you-nevter. You have ruined my life. Shake hands with you i Who but a heart less and worthless woman could pro pose snuch a thing ? " She shivered and shook at his wild words. She could not, as she said, understand the vehemence of the passion that held the man. He was more than half mad, and she was only half sorry. Forgive the girl. She was only seventeen, just fresh from her governess. She was quito innocout tand ignorant. She knew nothing about the reality and the velhemence of passion; she thought that thley ald been very happy together. Claude, to be sure, was ridiculously fond of taking her hand; once hIe kissed hier head to show tlhe depth of his friendship; Iheo was such a good companiou; they had had such a pleasant time; it was a dreadful pity that he should be so angry. Besides, it was not as if she liked the other man, who was old and horrid. "Good-byo, thou, Claude," sile said. "Perhaps, when we meet again, you will be more ready to forgive me. Oh 1" she laughed, "it is so silly that a man like you, a great, strong, olover, handsome man, should be so foolish over a girl. Besides, you ought to kntow tlhat a girl can't have things her own way always. Good-byo, Claude, won't you shrlike hands ?" She laid her hand upon hIis shoulder; just touched it; turned and fled. CHIAPTERI II. SIho had not far to go. The villa where she lived was within five minutes' walk. She ran in and found her mother alone in the drawing room. " My dear," the mother said irri tably, "I wish to goodness you wouldn't run out after dinner. Wheore have you been ?" "Only into the garden, and to loeok at tile sea." " There's Sir William in the dining room still." "'Let hIim stay there, mother dear. He'll drink up all the wine and go to sleep, perhaps, and thou we shall be rid of liim." " Go in, Florence, and bring him out. It isn't good for him, at his ago, to drink so much." "Let the servants go," the girl ro plied, rebellious. "My dear-your own nooopted lover. Have you no right feeling? Oh I Florenoce, and when I am so ill, and you know-I told you-" "A woman should not marry her grandfather. 1'vo had more than enough of him to-day already. You made me promise to marry him. Until I do marry him hlie may amuse himself. As soon as we are married, I shall fill up all the decanters, and keep them full, and oncourage him to drink as much as ever he possibly can." " MIy dear, are you mad ?" "Oh I no; I believo I have only just come to my senses. Mad ? No. I have been mad. Now, when it is too late, I am sane. When it is too late--when I have just understood what I have done." "Nonsense, chlild I What do you mean by being too lato ? Besides, you are doing what every girl does. You have accepted the Ihand of an old man who can give you a fine position, and a great income, and every kind of luxzry. What more can the girl d0o. sire ? Whlen I die-you know already -thlero will be noting-noth-no ing at all for you. Marriage is your only chance." At this momentt tlhe door opened, and Sir William himself appearedil. HIo wasn not, although mann so rich and therefore so desirable, quite a nico old man to loolk at ; not qintu soach an old man as a girl woulh fall in lows with at first sightl ; but, perhaps, under the surface theoro lay unsus pected virtues by the dozeon. He was short and fit; his hair was whito; Ihis face was red ; he had great vwhit, eye brows; hie had thick lips; his eyes rolled unsteadily, and his shoulders lurched; hie had takenu more wine than is good for a man of seventy. He hold out both hIanuds and lurched forwards. "Plorenshe," he said, thickly, " let's sit down togethler some w-here. Lotsh talk, my dear." The girl slipped from tihe proffered ihands and lied from the room. "Whaltsh matter with the girl ?" said Sir Willian. CHIAPTER ll. Out at sea-all by horself-some whlere about thirty miles from a certain good-sized island in a certain ocesn, tlhero lies another little island--an syot-a mile long and half-a-mnile broad. It is a coral islot. The coral roof stretchelos out all round it, except in one or two placed whlero tile rock shelves suddenly, making it possible for a ship to ianchor there. The islet is flat, but all round it runs a kind of natural seaon waill, about ton feet high and as many broad; behind it, on the sido which tile wall protects from the wind, is a little grove of low, stntedl trees, the name of whlich tihe succes sive tenants of the island have never been curious to ascertain. The area protected by the sea wall, as well as the sea level, was covered all over with long, rank grass. At the north end of the islet a curious round rock, exacotly like a martello tower, but rather higher, rose out of the water, separated from tihe sea swall by twenty or thirty feet of deep water, dark blue, trans parent; sometimes rolling and rush ing and tearing at the sides of tih rock, sometimes gently lilting the sea-weed that clung to tile sides. Bound the top of the rookle flow, screaming, all the year round, tIhe soea birds. Far away on thle horizon, like a blue cloud, oie could soee land; it was thie larger island to which this p!lao belonged. At the south end was a lighthouse, built just like all lighlthouses, with low, white buildings at its foot, and a flagstaff, and an on closure, which was a feeble attempt at a flower garden. Half-a-mile from the lighthouse, where the sea wall broadened into a wide level space, there was a wooden house of four rooms-dining-room, salon, and two bedrooms. It was a low house, pro vided with a verandah on either side. Tile windows had no glass in them, but thick shutters in case of hurri canes. There were doors to the rooms, but they were never shut. Nothing was shut, or locked up, or protected. On the inner or land side there was a garden in which roses -a small red rose-grew in quanti ties, and a few English flowers. The Elephant Creeper, with its immense leav-es, clambered up the verandah poles and over the roof. There was a small plot of ground planted with pine apples, and a solitary banana tree stood under the protection of the house, its leaves blown to shreds, its head bowved down. Beyond tihe garden was a colleotion of three or four huts, where lived the Indian servants and their families. The residents of this retreat-this secluded earthly paradise-were these Indian servants with their wives and children; the three lighthouse men, w'ho messed together; and the cap tain, governor, or commander-iu-chief, who lived in the house all by himself, because ho had no wife or family. Now the remarkable thing about this island is that, although it is so far from any other inhabitated place, and although it is so small, the human occupants number many thousands. With the exception of the people above named, these thousands wannt no thing ; neither the light of the day nor the warmth of the suni; neither food nor drink. They lie side by side under the rank grass. without headustones or even graves to marke their place; witlhount a register or record of their departure; without oven coflins. There they lie - sailors, soldiers, coolies, negroes-forgotten and lost, as much as if they had never boon born. And if their work lives after them, nobody knows what the work is. They belong to the vast army of the Anonymous. Poor Anonymous I They do all the work. They grow our corn and brooeed our shoop; they make and mend for us; they build up our lives for us. We never know them, nor thank them, nor thinki of them. All over the world, they work for their far-offt brothron; and when one dies, we know not, bonuseo another taknes his plaeo. And at last a mound of greenu grass, or even nothing but an undistinguished strip of ground I Jiore lay, side by side, the Anony mones--thousands of them. Did I say theyo woro forgotten ? Not quite; th-?y are remembered by thie Iudian womnon wio live there. At sunset they and their children retreat to their huts, nne stay in themo till sunrise next mesening. They dare not so much an leai outside the door, boonause thie p"rous is crowded with white, shlivering, shaeed ghosts I Speak to one of thesno woron: she will point out to you, treobling, oneu -two - half-adozon ghoets. It is true that the dull eye of the ,nnglishman oan see nothing. She oses them-distinguishes them one frolr the other. She can see thoei every night; yet she anel never overaome her terror. The governor, or captain, or commander-in-ohief, for his part, sees nothing. Ho sleeps in his house quite alone, with his cat nnl his dog, windows and doors wide open and has no fear of any ghosts. If he felt any fear, of course, he would be surroundored and pesterod to death every night with multitudes of ghosts. But he fears nothing. He is a doctor, you see; and no dootor ever yet was afraid of ghosts. How did they oome horo-thin regi mont of dead men ? In oveoral ways. Cholertc accounts for most; yellow fever for solno; other fevere for somern; but for nost cholera has boeen the de ctroyor. l3cranso. you see, thid is Quarantine Island. If a ship has bcholor or any other inf:ctious diceaso ,n Iboirdil, it ~t clinot t0on1 it the island close by, which is a great plac for trade, nld Ices every year a quantity of sheips calling ; the infecteld slhip has to loeake herself to Qeeranrtine Island, where ler people are landed, and wheore they stay until she ihas a clean bill; iiandl that, sometimes, is niot until the greater part of her people have chalnged their borths on board for permannut lodgings ashore. Now you understand. The place is a great cemoetory. It lies under tie hot sun of the tropics. Tie sky is always bluo; the sun is always hot. It is girded by the seaon. It is always silent, for the Illdiai children do not laugh or shout, and thle Indlian women are too much awed by the presence of the dead to wrangle-always silent, save for the crying of the sea-birds on the rocks. Tohere are no letters, no news papers, no friends, no duties-none, save whoen a ship puts in, and then, for the doctor, farewell rest, farewell sloop, until the bill of health is clean. Once a fortuight or so, if the woeather permits, and if thie communications are open-that is, if there is no ship there - a boat arrives from the big island with rations, and letters, and suppliosa. Sometimes a visitor comes, but not often, because, should an in feoted ship put ii, 1lo would have to otay as long as the ship. A quiet, peaceful, monotonous life for one who is weary of the world, or for a hermit; sed as good as thie top of a pillar for silence and meditation. cnaiAPTER IV. The islet lay all night long in much the same silence which lapped and wrapped it all the day. The water washed musically upon the shore; the light in the lighthouse flashed at intervals-there was no other sign of life. Towards six o'clocls in the morning the darks east grew grey; thin, long, white rays shot out across the sky, and then the light began to spread. Before the grey turned to pink, or the pink to orimsou, before there was any corresponding glow in the western sky, the male who occupied the bungalowo turned out of bed, and came forth to the veraudah slad in the silk pyjanmas and silkl jacket, which formed the evening, or dress suit, in which he slept. The inoreasing light showed that he was a young man still, porhaps about thirty -a young man with a strong and re solute face, and a square forehead. He stood under the veraudah watch ing, as he had done every day for two years and more, the break of day and the sunrise. Ho drank in the delicious breeze, cooled by a thousaud miles and more of ocean. No one knows tihe freshness and sweetness of the air until he lhas so stood in the open and watched the dawn of a day in the tropics. He weont back to the house and came out again clad in a rough suitoof tweeds and a hlelmet. His servant was waiting for him with his morning tea. By this time the short lived splendour of the east was fast broadening to right and left, until it stretched from pole to pole. Suddenly the sun leaped up, and the colours fled and the splendour vanished. Tie sky became all over a deep, clear bluse, and round and about the sun was a brightness which no eye but that of the sea bird can face and live. Tie man in the helmet turned to the sea shore, and walked brislly along the sea wall. Now and then hle stopped down upon the white coral sand, pickeld up a shell, loolsked at it, and threw it away. When he came to the Sea Birds' Rook he sat down, and watched it. In the deep water below sea snakes, red and purple and green, were playing about; great blue fish rolled lazily round and round the rock; in the recesses lurklsed unseen the great cenger eel, which dreads nothiug but the thing of long and horny tentacles, the ourito or squid, the humorous tazar which bites tile bathers in bshallow waters all for fun and mischief, and with no desire at all to eat their fleshl; and a thousand ourious creatures, whichl this man, who had trained his eyes by days and days of watohing, came here every day to loosk at. While he stood tlere the sea birds took no manner of notice of him, flying close about him, light uing on tie shore close at his feoot. They were intelligenout enought to kInow that he was only dangerous with a gun in his hand. Presently he got up, and continued his walkls. All round the sea wall of the island measures three miles. He took this walk overy morning and every evening in the early cool and the late. The rest of the time he spent indoors. Whnou he got back it was past seven, and the day was growing hot. He took his towels, went down to the shore, to a place where the ceral roof reoedod, leaving a channel out to the open. The channel swarmed with sharks, but Ihe bathed there every morning, keeping in tile shallow water while the creatures watched him from the depths beyond with longing eyes. He woro a pair of slippers, on occount of the ltif, which is a very pretty little fish indeed to look at, but he lurks in dark places near the shore and he is too lazy to get out of the way, and if you put your foot near him, he stilcks out his dorsal fin, which is prickly and poisoned, and whioen a man gets thlat into the sole of Iris foot, hle goes home and outs his leg off, and has to pretend that he lost it in acnotion. But the hlf only chuckleos. Whoen he had bathed, the dootor went back to his house, and performed some simple additions to his toilette. That is to say, hIe washled the salt water out of his hair and beeard-not much lsec. As to collars, noevlties, braces, waistcoats, black coats, rings, or any such gewgawse, they wore not wanted on tiel island. Nor are watches and slooks; the residents go by thie sun. The doctor got up at daybreak, and tookl his walk, as you have seen, and his bath. He wals then ready for his breaelfast, and for a solid meal, in whichl fresh fish, newly caught that morning, and our ried chicken, with clarot and watoer, formed thie principal part, A cup of coffee came after, with a oigar and a book on the verandah. By this time the sun was high, and the glare of farenoon had succoeded the coolness of dawn. After thle cigar tthe doctor went indoors. 'I'he room was furnished with a few pictures, a large book-cease full of books, chiefly medlical, a table covered with papers, and two or throee chairs. No curtains, carpets, or Llids; tihe doors and windows wide open to the verandah on both sides. HIs sat down and began writing perhaps he was writing a novel. I think no one would think of a more secluded place for writing a novel. Porhaps he was dloing something sciontific. He continued writing till past mid-day. When hlie felt hungry ha went into the dining-room, took a biscuit or two and a glass of vermouth. Then, because it wans now the hour for ropose, anil because the air outside was hot, and the sea breeze lhad dropped to a dead calm, and the sun was like a red-hot glaring furnace over head, the doctor licked off his boots, and throw off his coat, lay down on a grass mat under the mosquito curtain, and instantly fell fast asleep. About five o'clock he awoke, and got up; ti?h heat of the day was over; he took a long draught of cold toea, which is tise most refreshing and the coolest drink in the world. The sun was now getting low, and the air was growing cool. He put on his helmet, and. set off again to walk round his domain. This done, he bathed again. Then lihe went homeo as the oun sank, and niglet fell iustently without the intervention of twilight. They served him dinner, which was like his breakfast, but for the addition of some cutlets. He toolk his coffee, he took a pipe--two pipes, slowly, with a book-lhe took a whisky and soda-and he went to bed. I hlave said that hlie had no watch-it hung idly on a nail- therefore he know not the time, but it would very likely be about half-past nine. How over that might be, he was the last person up in this ghostly Island of the Acnonymous Daond. This doctor, Captain-General and Commandant of Quarantine Island, was none other than the young man who began this history with a row royal and a kingly rage. You thinrk, porhaps, that he had turned hermit in the bitterness of his wrath, and for the faults of one simple girl had re solved on the life of a solitary. Nothing of tile kind. He was an army doctor, and he left the service in order to take this very eligible appointment, whlere one lived free, and could spend nothing except a little for claret. He proposed to stay there for a few years in order to make a little money, by means of which he might become a specialist. This was his ambition. As for that love business, seven years past, he had olean forgotten it, girl and all. Perhaps there had been other tender passages. Shall a man, wast ing in despair, die because a girl throws him over P Never I Lot him straightway forget her. Let him tackle his work, let him put off the business of love-which can always wait--until he can approach it once more in the proper spirit of illusion, and once more fall to worshipping an angel. OHAPTER V. Neither nature nor civilisation ever designed a man's lifo to be spent in monotony. Most of us have to workfor our daily bread, which is always an episode, and sometimes a pretty dis mal episode, to break anil mark the day. One day there came such a break in the monotonous round of the doctor's life. It came in the shape of a ship. She was a large steamer, and sho steamed slowly. It was early in the morning, before breakfast. The doctor and one of the lighthouse men stood on the landing place watching her. "Sheo's in quarantine, doctor, sure as sure, said the man. " I wonder what she's got. Fover, for choice. Cholera, more likely. Well, we take our chance." " She's been in bad weather," said the doctor, looking at her through his glass. " Look, she's lost her mizen, aod her bows are stove in. I wonder what's the meaning of it. She's a transport." She drew nearer. "Troops I Well, I'd rather have soldiers than coolies." She was a transport. She was full of soldiers, time-expired men and invalids going home, She was bound from Calcutta to Portsmouth. Sie had met with a cyclone; driven out of her oourse and battered, she was making for the nearest port, when cholera broke out on board. Before nightfall the island was dotted with white teouts; a hospital was rigged up with the help of the ship's spare and canvas. Tile men were all ashore and the quarantine doctor with the ship's doctor wore hard at work among the cases, and the men were dropping in every direction. Among the passengers were a dozen ladies and some children. The doctor gave up his house to them, andretired to a tent, or to the lighthouse, or any where to sleep. Much sleep could not be expected for some time to come. He saw the boat land with the ladies on board; he took off his hut as they walked past. There were old ladies, middle-aged ladies, and young ladies. W\ell, there always is this combina tion. Then he went on with his work. But he had a curious sensa tion, as if something of the past had been revived in his mind. It is, how ever, not an uncommon fooling. And one of the ladies changed colour when she saw him. Then began the struggle for lifo. No more monotony on Quarantine Island. Right and left, all day long, the men fell one after the other; day after day more men fell, more men died. The two doctors quickly organ ised their staff. The ship's officers became clinical cleriks, some of the ladies became nurses. And the men, the rough soldiers, seat about in their tents with pale faces, expecting. Of thoso ladies who worked there wacs one--a nurse - who never seemed weary, never wanted rest, never asked for relief. She was at work all day aind all nighlt in the ihospital; if she went out it was only to cheoer up the men outside. The doctor was but conscious of her work and of her presence, he never spoke to her; when he same to the hospital another nurse received him; if he passed her she seemed alway?s to turn away. At a less troubled time he would have observed this. At times hlie felt again that odd senousation of a recovered past, but lie regarded it not-he had other things to consider. There is no time more teorrible for the courage of the stoutest man than a time of cholera on board ship or in a little place whenc there is no escape; no time worse for a physician than one when his science is mocked and his sklill avails nothling. Day after day the doctor fought from morning till night and far on to the morning again day after day new graves were dug; day after day tile chaplain read over the new-made graves the service of the dead for the gallant lads who thus died, inglorious, for their country. Thereo came a time, at last, when tie conqueror seemed tired of con quest. He ceased to strikle, The fury of the disease spent itself; the eases happeued singly, one or two a day, instead of ton or twenty; the sick began to recover, they began to lookl about them. The single eases ceased; the pestilence was stayed; and they sat down to count the cost. rihere had been on board the transport three hundred and sevenouty-five men, thirty-two officers, half-a-dozen ladies, a few children, and the ship's crew. Twelve oflicers, two of the ladies, and a hundred men had perished when the pltguei abated. " One of your nurses is ill, dootor." "Not chlolera, I do hope." " No, I believe a kind of collapse. She is at the bungalow. I told them I would send you over." "I will go at once." Hs left a few directions and watlked over to the house. It was, he found, the nurse who had been of all the most useful and the most active. She was now lying hot and feverish, her mind wandering, inclined to ramble in her talk. He laid his hand upon her temples; he felt her pulse, he lookled upon her face; tlhe odd feeling of something familiar struck him atgain. "I don'ut think it is very much," lie said. " A little fever. She may have been in the sun; she has been working too hard; her strength has given way." He still hold her wrist. "Claude," murmured the sick girl, "you are very cruel. I didn't know -and a girl cannot always have her own way." Then he roeognised her. " Good Heavens l " he cried, " it is Florence I " " Not always have her own way," she repeated. "IfI could have had my own way, do you think I would "Floronce," he said again, "and I did not even recognise her. Strange ?" Another of the ladies, the colonel's wife, was standing beside hlim. " You know her, doctor ?" "I knew her a long time ago some years ago- before she mar riod." " Married I Fldronce is not married. You must be thinking of someone else." " No. This is Floronce Vernon, is it not? Yes. Then slte was formerly engagod to marry a certain Sir William Duport." " 0hI I believe there was some talk about an old man who wanted to marry her. But she wouldn't have him. It was juet before her mother died. Did you know her mother ?" "I knew her mother a little when they were living at Eastbourno. So lshe refused the old man, did she ? and has remained unmarried. Curious. I had almost forgotten her. The sight of her brings back the old days. Well, after she has pulled so gallantly through the cholera, we canuot have her beaton by a little fever. Refused the old man, did she ?" In the dead of night he sat watlch ing by the bedside, the colonel's wife with him. "I had almost forgotten," whis pored the lady, " that story of the old baronet. She told mo about it once. Her mother was ill and anxious about her daughter, because she lhad next to nothing, except an annuity. The old man offered; he was an unpleasant old man; but there was a fine house and everything; it was all arranged. The girl was quits a ohild, and under stood nothing. She was to be sold in fact to this old person, who ought to have been thinking of his latter end, instead of a pretty girl. Then the mothler died sudtdenly, and the girl broke it off. She was a clever girl, and shte has been teaching. For the last three years she has been in India, now she is going home tender my charge. She is a brave girl, doctor, and a good girl. Sihe has received half-a-dozen offers, but she has refused them all. So I think there must be somebody at home." " Olaude," murmured the girl, wan dering, "I never thought you would care so much. If I had thought so, I would not have enoouraged you. In deed, indeed, I wotld not. I though~t we were only amusing ourselves." " Olaude is a pretty name. What is your own christian name, doctor ? " asked the colonel's wife, curiously. "It is-in fact-it is--Claude," he replied blushing; but there was not enough light to see his blushes. "Dear me! " said the colonel's wife. A few days later the patioent, able to sit for a while in the shade of the verandlah, was lying in a long cane chair. Beside her sat the Colonel's wife, who had nursed her through the attackr. She was reading aloud to her. Suddenly she stoppod. " Here comes the doctor," she said, " and Florence, my dear, his name, you know, is Claude. I think you have got something to talk about with Claude besides the symptoms." With these words she laughed, nodded her head, and ran into thle salo,. The verandalh, with its green blinds of cano hanging down, and its matting on the floor, stud its easy-chairs and tables, made a pretty room to look at. In the twilighit tile fragile figre, pale, thin, dressed in white, would have lent interest even to a stranuger. To the doctor i suppose it was only a "case." He unshed the blinds asido and stopped in, strong, big, masterful. "You are much better," he said; " you will very soon be able to walk about. Only be careful for a few days. It was lucky that the attack came when it did, and not a little earlier, when we were in the thick of the trouble. Well, you won't want me much longer, I believe." "No thank you," she murmured, without raising her eyes. "I have had no opportunity," he said, standing over her, " of explain ing that I really did not know who you woro, Miss Vernon. Somehow, I didn't see your face, or I was think ing of other things; I supposed you had forgotten mes; anyhow, it was not until the other day, when I was called in, that I remembered. But I daresay you have forgotten me." " No; I have not forgotten." "I thought that long ago you had become Lady Dnport." " No, that did not take place." "I hear that you lhave been teach ing since your mother's death. Do you like it ? " " Yes, I like it." "Do you remember the last time we mot--on the seashlore-do you remember, Florence ? " His voice softened suddenly. "We had a quarrel about that old villain-do you remember ? " "I thought you had forgotten such a little thing as that long ago, and the girl you quarrolled with." " The point is rather whether you remember. That is of much more imporntaneoo." "I remember that you swore that you would never forgive a worthless girl who had ruined your life. Did I ruin your life, Dr. Feruie ? " He laughed. He could not honestly say that she lhad. In fact, his life, so far as concerned his work, had gone on much about the same. But, then, ouch a man does not allow love to interfere witlh his career. "And then you went and threw over the old man. Florence, why did'nt you tell me that you wore going to do that? You might have told me." She shook her head. "Until you toll into such a rage, and called me such dreadful names, I did not under stand." "Why didn't you toll me, Floreonce ?" ihe repeated. She shook her head again. " You were only a little innocent, ignorant child then," he said ; "of course you could not understand. I was an ass and a brute and a fool'not to know." " You said you would never forgive me. You.said you would nvoer shakeo hands with me again." He held out his hand. " Since," he said, "you are not going to marry the old man, and since you are not engaged to anybody else, why-then -in that ease-the old state of things is still going on-and-and-Florence -but if you give me your hand, I shall keep it, mind." " Dear me," said the colonel's wife, standing in the doorway. "Do quar sintino doctors always kiss their pa tients ? But you told me, doctor dear, that your Christian name was Claude. Didn't you? That explains every thing." The ship, with those of her company whom the plague had spared, pre sently steamed away, and, after being repaired, made her way to Portsmouth dockyard. But one of her company stayed behind, and now is queen or empress of the island of which her hus band is king, captain, commandant, and governor-general, and resident quarantine dootor.-Strand MIacazine. 