AQUATICS, Tho East Sidney Rowing Club'j annual regatta takes place on the 2Ut inat., and entries for all the club events clooo to-night, while those for the open race close next Satur day. Entries can he made with Mr. J. E. Mvers. lCinu-street. The Mercantile Rowing Club have a single- scull Bluff race down for next Saturday. The prize is an outrigger presented by Captain J. Blackmnn and the course from Dawes Point round Goat Island. The entries, which close to-night at the shed, are expected to total 35. The North Shore Rowing Clnb bave received a very large entry for their handicap skiff race, which taken place to-day. The course U from Robertoon'e Point to Careening Cove, und the boats wiil be rowed backwards and forwards as thoy may require. Mr. A. Holmes will act as starter and umpire, and Messrs. Matton and Jordan as judges. A atoamer to follow tho heats will leave Milson'n Point at 2.30. Tho following are the handicaps Connelly and John Thompson, ncratch ; Qtiist, 0. Thomson ; and Berckleman, 8sec;Biony ao' j McDonald Gsec; Moor, 8sec ; A. Thomas. nnd Woods| lOsee. ; Fell and Coggins, l"\,ac Crowley, loeec.; Abbott and Bancr, 20sec Elliott 25acc. ' The Neutral Bay Amatr Jt Sailing Club have a race this afternoon, it b ,oiug the final heat for Mayor Reonles prira The rftco u t0 bo beat and best, any satis, limited crows. Coarse: Flying start at 8J a p from an imagiuary lino between jt\J.y.S. Company's buoy and flag moo» cd l0 Westward, thence roun the Light off wal80n'H Bay, leaving Clar aU(j yark Islands on port baud, thence ba' r0UD(j Orient Company's buoy, thence r Juntj ciapfe an(j Shark Islands, finish- tng ore . Parting line, leaving all marks on the .and. The following are the entries and Pjicapa - Varnna, scratch ; Leoue, Smin.j p tilgoa, Smln.; Xanthe, Dmin.; Sea Breeze, jtnit).; Whaler, llmia.; Pbryne, lGmin.; Ethel, lrtmin.: Lorelei. 20min. : Hoody Thought, 23min.; Dorien, UOiain. To-day will he a rod letter one in connection with the Port Jackson Sailing Club, as the liual contest for tbe 15 gold tuedals presented by Mr. Mark Foy takea place. Thee medals are of a pretty design, being shields with an anchor in each corner and a yacht under sail engraved in the centre. The contest is in a very interesting condition at preseut, as several boats have secured an equal number of points in the two previous contests. The boats will again start under what is now termed (bo Mark Foy system— thai ia by giving the -handicaps at the start, each minute class timo for starting being denoted by different colored flags. The steamer Admiral has been engaged, and leaves Floating Jetty, Circular Quay, at 2.45 p.m. Although in all races of this club the steamers following are well filled, it is expected, owing to the increased interest in the races for these medals, that a largo crowd will find their way to the steamer. The following are tho entries and handicaps Mantnra, scratch ; Ata- lanta, Isadore, 3min. ; Idotboa, 4rain. ; Our Tom,' and Violet, ; Esmeralda, Ooiin. ; Massilia, Gmin. ; Ghost, 8tnin. ; Iverna, Itnogene, Wild Wave, Our May, Umin. In addition to the medals offered, prizes of £4, £3, £2 and £1 respectively have been given in each of these contests. This club still keeps in its usual prosperons condition. At tbo monthly meet ing, held on Tuesday evening last, a number of new members were elected and a well-known supporter of aquatics presented the Club with a cheque for £10, to be raced for. The Johnson's Bay Sailing Club has a 16-foot dingles race down for to-day for Mr. A. F. Mnndy's trophy, the clnb adding a second of £1. Mr. H. Ellis will officiate as starter and umpire. The course will be a flying start at 8.15 from Johnson's Bay, round Fort Denison, Golden South, Fort Denisou and back to starter a boat. Entnes are : — Sophie, T, Leach; Sophia, F. Doran ; Our Own, W. Addison ; Our Boys, George Fletcher. A meeting of the Syducy Amateur Canvas Dingy Club was held on Wednesday' evening at T. Punch's Albion Hotel, Market- street. Mr. E. G. S. Foster's resignation as eecretary was received, but owing to the poor attendance it was decided to adjourn it till next Wcdoeaday. The Royal Sydney Yacht Squadron will have an ocean race to-day for a sweepstake of £25 each boat. The course is from Orlando's buoy down to and round flagboat about two miles to eastward of Barrenjoey Head and back to flag- boat off Fort Macquarie. The race to be sailed under tbe rules of the R.S.Y.S. Each yacht is to be rigged and sailed as a yawl, and carry only the following sails Mainsail or trysail, mizzen, topsail with or without a yard ou the foot, and foresail working or balloon, any jib except jib topsail, boom ing out balloon foresail allowed. There is no restriction as to crew, except that the helmsman shall bo an amateur. Tbe steamer Invincible will follow the race, leaving Princes Stairs at a quarter to 10. The following are the handicaps -.—Miranda, J. H. Want, scratch ; Volunteer, W. P. Smairl, 4min. 4sec. j Thelma, J. F. Hoare, 24min. 25hcc. 