REMINDERS Weekly mooting Victorian Anglers. Club Albion Hotel, Friday, 8 P.m. Messrs Cointnoll, TucWt nnd Co. will Boll to-morrow, II a.m., at 44 1'almcrston," I'ower street, Hawthorn, household furni- ture.' Rev. 8. ncctor Ferguson is advertised to lecture to-night at Chalmers Church Literary -Society, Eastern Hill, on Marloy's Ghost (Charles Bickcns). Messrs Uammill und Forrester will sol! to-morrow, 2,30, at tho South 'Wharf, galvanised Iron, wines, spirits, etc , salvage from tho Cnpu do Vcrdo. Mr Hugh Mcnzics will sell to-morrow, 11.30 o.mM at Victoria street, West Mel bourne, stock and fixtures of a baby liucn and uuderolothlng establishment. Messrs Carney aud Kelly will soil to-> morrow, at their rooms, noon, tho Tanning's homestead at Huidelborffi "Cintra" at Kow, and properties in Klstornwick and Windsor. A dissolving view entertainmout, entitled Tho Temperance Skotch'Book, will bo givon hi the Molbourno Tcmporanco Hall, Russell street, this evening, at 8 o'clock. Lecture by Mrs Stookwril. To-morrow, at 10.30 o'elook, at the Hall of Commerce, 62 u ando Queen street, Messrs J. Lyons and Co. will sell tho uuro- deemed pledges from Mr S. Benjamin's All Nations Loan Office. Without rcsorvo. After the salo of Dr Uoanoy's carriages nnd horses to-morrow, Messrs Bayfco and Co. will offer for salo a brougham, a chara banc, Victorias, and a spider phaeton by E. Hilts and Co., of London, Dover, and Folkestone. Tho sale of Dr Rcaney's property will be continued to-morrow, when Mossra Baylco and Co. will 'offer at Tattcrsafi's at 2 p.m. sharp tho well known brougham, by Foten aud tiooi, London, and the doctor's favorite brougham horse, Dobbvo. r To-morrow, at 2.30, Messrs M'Clurc, Valoutlno and Co. will submit for sale, at 11 Queen street, an assortment of bottled Australian wines, inoluding olaret, port, hock, dry relating .and sherry, all fully matured and in fine rendition. The claret took first award at tho late Royal Society's Show, and was, generally approved of.. -Jlfie wines are on) sample In the auctioneers' rooms this afternoon end. to-morrow fore- ;nooo, 