THE PANGS OE CONSCIENCE. Thorn is no necessity lo commit wilful murder, or to speak in aloud and angry lone of voice lo onc'u mu&cr-m-lmw;, touiKlcrstand how Richard ! II. felt on the bloody field of Hnsworth, when admitting that ' My consolciwo huth u thousand tC7eral tongues, Ami every tongue brings in a cevor.rl tnio, Ami every laiu condemns 1110 for a villain." Any man, whether he bo a king: or a con tractor for the supply of shoddy store:-; to a trusting Government, must feel pretty bad before he can talk like that, although Richard was only talking to himself after a bad night passed in company with an undigested supper and a queer lot of ghosts begotten thereof. And it is reqlly nstf,iualuu.rf what a nuinbor of jpeople do accuse themselves Iu this drivelling fashion. .Some- people do it out loud, bub unconsciously. Take them selves into their own uouijduuqe as it were, while walking along thu streets in pursuit of their ordinary avocations, or wliilq sitting at tho table at the mercy of tho smart waitress, who lius been away for ten or fifteen minutes in clmsc of another eup of tea or some other painfully commouplaco hash-house commo dity. it is at such times as these that the pangs of conscience aro apt to break looso in the system and run a wild riot among the heart'a best feelings ; for no matter bow much tlio best man may struggle to hide him self from his irienda, there are momenta when selr- control becomes aa impossible to tho conscience-stricken mau aa to tho one whose epigastrium lias gone back ouliim in a heavy head sea on board a small coasting steamer. Conscience makes coward# ot some, and only fools of others. It makes the worst kind of coward of the man who is meau and reckless enough to curtail his household expenses to the extent of lighting up hia home mid family with bad koroseue, and who in consequence thereof arrives at the garden gate some night just in time to ace all his household belongings careering madly skywards through a rent in the roof aa a brat result of the cat having knocked tho lamp down. His conscience will never let him forget that, and serve him right too I Ho can avoid it if lie will by burning only 1 Luxcne, the new illumiuant, which is beauti- I fill to tho eye, pleasant to the nostrils, economical to the pocket, ami sufo in every direction. Corroborative testimony on ap plication to Messrs. J. Barlow and Co., Tillook and Co., T. W. Kady and »Son. Mason Brothers, Limited, D. Mitchell and Co., Tilloek and Co., J. Keep and .Sons ; Holdsworbh, Maepherson and Co.; M'Loau Brothers and Rigg, Limited ; Fred. But- ; clier, and Robert Miller, Sydney: and J. Ireland, R. Hall and Sons, ami David Miller, Newcastle. 