THE PICTORIAL. MEN or THE DAY-A POPULAR COMEDIAN. Mr. Grattan Riggs is best described in the frivolous words of his friend, Mr. Elton, as "the most actor in Australasia," meaning thereby that he has played in all the cities, towns and townships throughout the colonies. And so he has, and in nearly every country in the civilised world as well, except Ireland. Ireland he has never seen, having been born in Buffalo, state of New York, of County Westmeath parents, within the sound of Niagara Falls. Mr. Riggs, never having seen Ireland, determined to depict the Irish character on the American stage, and, thoroughly un- biassed in the matter, was not wedded to any traditional view. He succeeded so well that the American press declared that " he must have been suckled on shamrocks and whisky,'* so redolent of the ould sod were his characters. During all his travels, and he must have journeyed some hundreds and thousands of miles, he has had the good luck never to have met with a single accident nor l)een in one nor seen one, although he once had a very close shave for his life while crossing the plains on the over- land journey to San Francisco. At that time the Indians were very trouble- some, stopping the trains and looting the passengers. In the guard's van Mr. Riggs enveloped himself in an old shawl, and rub- bing some brown ochre on his face and sticking a feather-duster down his back so that the feathers waved over his head, he got aboard the first car, and with a wild war-whoop landed in the midst of his company. The heavy man had his revolver out and drew a bead on liim. Mr. Riggs, seeing that he meaut business, and that he might possibly lose the number of his mess, said, " Don't fire, Frank," and dropped the Indian instead of giving up the ghost. From this incident Mr. Riggs learnt the lesson not to play practical jokes any more, but to let the other fellows do the Indian business in the future, and he would bring down the bird, an equal division of labour that has worked well ever since. Mr. Riggs came to Aus- tralia in the year 1880, under engagement to Messrs. Coppin, Greville, and Hennings, opening in " Shin Fane," doing big business, and touring the other colonies with equal success, under the wing of Mr. Charles McMahon. A man who has travelled as much as Mr. Riggs must necessarily be loaded with stories, and he is credited with the most com- plete collection in the civilised world. During an engagement at Ballarat, it was suggested by some of the leading miners that Mr. Riggs should go down the Band and Albion shaft, just to experience a new sensation. After a nice lunch the party drove to the mouth of the shaft, and mining clothes were handed round for the visitors to dress themselves in before desoending. When all were ready, it was noticed that Mr. Riggs had not on a mining garment. As the party had been got up in the actor's honour, he was asked the reason of standing oat. " Well, gentlemen," he said, " it's this way. I was once persuaded to go down the Magdala mine at Stawell, and when I got to the bottom I made a promise to Providence that, if I was let up alive, I'd never go down another." During a tour in New Zealand the famous eruption of Tarawera took place, and Mr. Riggs, fond of excitement, made for the scene. With two Maori guides, he crossed the lake, and camped under -the mountain. While attempting to return a fearful storm came on, which drove the party, now in the condition of drowned rats, back again to the camp. Mr. Riggs lay down to sleep on the bare earth, with a Maori on either side of him, and a series of earthquakes for a mattress, During the night one shock took place of so severe a character tliat the actor deemed his time had come, especially as the smell of brimstone was more marked. Mr. Riggs commenced to repeat any little prayer he had learned in his childhood, but the Maori on the right simply snored on, while the one on hisleft, just raisingbis head, said with an oath, " Well, by dam, that best beggar I felt yet," and slept again. Amongst other notes and queries stored up in the book and volume of the brain of the actor is the origin of the word " chestnut," now so commonly used when an ancient story is being told. In a very old drama, probably played by Noah during some private theatricals in the Ark, one of the characters in it, an ancient retired mariner, who is fond of relating events that never took place, which he generally located in the South Seas, always commences his story thus: " While I was in the South Sea Islands one day, a-sitting under a hickoiy tree " "Chestnut, father," cries his son;" I've heard you tell it before. And so, Mr. Riggs claims, arose the word "chestnut," as applied to musty anecdotes. Every time the mariner tells the story he changes the tree, with always the same interjection by his son. Mr. Riggs is a widower, but he rejoices in the possession of one son, Mr. Anthony Riggs, who has made a successful debut as a ' tenor in comic opera in America. The two dearest wishes of bis father's heart are that the boy should play on Australian boards, and that he himself should one day visit that green old country from which his parents sprang. Mr. Riggs has secured the New Zea- land rights from Mr. J. C. Williamson of several new dramas, in which he will soon commence a tour through Maoriland, and we feel sure his thousands of friends will "he very glad indeed to welcome the cheery and genial actor once more. 