UNDER THE SPEAKER'S EYE. [BY THE MEMBER FOR SALTBUSH.] Is it anything more than a mete coincidence which put the Nackara Fencing Bill oil the notice paper immediately before the second reading of the Land Repurchase Bill ? When Wr. (fLoughlin introduced the resolnrion in favor of constructing a fence from Morgan to the Cockburn railway the Premier vigorously opposed the suggestion, and in his accustomed stentorian tones stigmatised the proposed pro tection as "absolutely useless," while he con fidently affirmed that the cash spent over _it> would be a shameless waste of public money. But a majority of the House wanted the fence and so a docile Govern ment obediently brought in a measure to facilitate its construction. The now famous policy for bursting up large estates was evolved , trom the Ministerial mind by a somewhat umilar process, and it is fitting therefore that "the first step" should be made over this much-abused fence. [ It is somewhat peculiar that about the ouly j member of the Assembly who raises his voice against the principle of local option is a strict teetotaller. To hear Sir. Ash speak concerning the various restrictive provisions of the Licensed Victuallers Bill one would imagine that h« could suffer no greater deprivation than the loss of facilities^ to obtain wine, whisky, beer, and other intoxicants. As a matter of fact he has not aggregated one bottle of any male or spirituous beverage during the last decade. He is saturated with a desirn to protect the interest of minorities, but as Mr. Giles pointed out, if he carried this principle to its legitimate issue he would decline longer to disfranchise that little band of electors in Albert who object to his presence in Parliament. Perhaps, how ever, he is of opinion that all the voters in that district who do not believe in him are ade quately represented by his colleague, who o.i most matters, whether of policy or administra tion, takes a diametrically opposite position. It is .sad but true that both the outside public and the members of the Assembly evince far more interest in the discussion of this tome Licensed' Victuallers Bill than they do in federation. When the heavy artillery of the House is turned against the opponents or supporters of the proposed Commonwealth, though the reports are loud and much ammuni tion is expended, the effect achieved is small, for there are \ery few soldiers ot either atEy present to be hit. The president of ~tho united publicans and the chief rulers of the total abstinence party are usually in the galleries to direct operations in connection with the other measure. Sir Jobn Bray leads the forces in favor of the Bill, and he is attacked on the right flank by the hotelkeepers' regiment under General Seberk and on the left flank by the teetotallers' troops directed by Field- Marshal Holder. When the astute Chief Secretary adroitly whips his ranks oat of the way his opponents, united in nothing but their antagonism, fly furiously at mutual throats and the diversion is distinctly interesting. Pro bably if Sir Henry Parkes, now the labor party in New South Wales have got tired of him, could spare time to patronise the Speaker's gallery on federation days, and if the ghost of Sir John Robertson could also be | present.in a materialised form, some excite ment might be imported into the debate on the Commonwealth Bill. At first it appeared as if there would foe a dead level of uniformity'save for the disaffection of Dr. Cockburn and Mr. Landseer; but now Mr. Kingston has deserted from the federal party there seems a chance of bright interchanges of oratorical skill in the discussion of the measure. Mr. Grainger, who has never allowed the Playford Ministry to stagnate for lack of stirring up, has been especially busy lately. His pet aversions seem to be the Attorney- General and the Premier, and he has invari ably got a little interjection ready when either of them is speaking. Mr. Homburg, on Tues day, ventured to assert that the action in respect to the Post-Office land had been taken BolSyonhis advice. "Then no wonder you got into a mess!" was the polite rejoinder of Die giant from Wallaroo. Something equally pleasant usually awaits Air. Plavford, whose many lapses of memory give effective openinga to one who is not accustomed to acknowledge conventional constraint. Last week pro duced the second no-confidence morion Eet down in the name of Mr. Grainger during this session, but the harmless?ness of his intentions was quickly made apparent on both occasions, for directly the Ministry showed a disposition to take things 6eriously their assailant climbed down from his tree and virtually cried—"Oh, I'm sorry I spoke." Mr. Graicger has the brains of a man combined with the manners of a baby, and it would be as cruel to hold him responsible for his actions as it would be to \?"hip a two-year-old child for plucking flowers in its father's garden. Some thing bright is within reach, and the hand goes out to pluck it before the mind has had time to consider the consequences. When parentEareimpaticntlittkcUildren are thrashed and when circumstances are peculiarly irritating some prominent politician administers a dress ing down to Mr. Grainger. But ad a rule the source is considered, aud the offence passes at the worst tritb a frown and shp.ke of the finger, while ordinarily it is matter for a flying ticile. If he, and a few others, were not so impetuous, the Opposition, which at present Ls a monument of the ill- effects of lack ♦•f leader ship and control, would have a chance of con solidating itself. Mr. Grainger was good enough to hurl a random accusation against Mr. Moule of acting in the interests of the Government by intro ducing the progressive' wealth tax. "It looked like it,' he said. Those gentlemen who know Mr. Grainger least are saying that bis OfWtinual and purposeless attacks look like col lusion with the Ministry, for whom they win sympathy. It is certainly a peculiar system of co-operation which seeks to wipe away all the Treasuries financial proposals with a view of substituting' something entirely different, and yet that is tJ?*: feat which Mr. Moule is anxious to perform. 2s? one can accuse the Playford party of the possession of a super abundance of dignity, but t'yen they are not likely to go in for collusion of tu."** sort. It is an extraordinary coincidence that all the five non-official lawyers of the As sembly have, within the last week or two, been incapacitated from attending in their places in Parliament. The seduction* of Synod tore Mr. Henry Downer away from the Agricultural Holdings Bill, which he was wont to attack as a hungry dog fastens on a derelict shoulder of mutton. Influenza, which is no respecter of persons, smote down Mr. Stock, Mr. Kingston, and Sir John Downer. Sciatica came in to claim the. attention of Mr. Dashwood. The Chief Secretary and the Attorney-General were the only legal legis lators with any fight left in them, and as Mr. Bartlett has been very, very quiet of late weeks a holy peace settled over the debates in the Assembly, its refreshing calmness being ruffled only by the senior member for Wallaroo, who is apparently anxious to make up for the reticence of his colleague. When is that Conciliation Hall to begin 1 It would be a graceful compliment to ask Mr. Pater to lay the foundation-stone, while Sir John Downer might be requested to affix the pinnacle on its topmost tower. It would be rather a good idea to experiment on Parlia ment before a larger scheme is authorised. One wing might be erected for the Ministry, one for the Opposition, and a chamber in the centre where the public, gazing on the unani mity of politicians, might have reason to echo the sentiment " How good and how pleasant a thing it is for brethren to dwell together in unity." Itwouldcertainlyconduee to the dignity of the Legislature if the wranglings, disputa tions and divisions were reserved for the private caucus, and if in public each side showed a firm and one-minded front. The official re port under such circumstances would be a record of much valuable work and little ex traneous talk instead of being as at present a budget of much discursive debate surrounding and almobt smothering isolated acts of useful ness-. Messrs. Hague and 1 looper are standing examples of the respect and esteem which may be won by discreet silence preserved as the result of discretion, and not because of ineom petency. Both gentlemen can speak well and concisely, both are regular and constant in their attendance, and both give earnest heed to all utterances of importance which are made in their hearing. Vet neither is perpetually anxious to catch the Speaker's eye for the sake of pouring dreary platitudes, wearisome com monplaces, or thnce-nttered information into the drooping ears of a languid Assembly. Even constituents are apt to grow sick of reading the condensed reports of the discourses contributed by the garrulous Parliamentarian, while his brother-members make no pretence of sub mitting to his borcdum. I was passing along the corridor the other day, and when opposite the Ministerial room I was arrested by a sound which I at first thought was made by someone in pain. However, on listening a moment longer I found that instead of being a signal of suffering it was one of pleasure, for the inmate of the room was sing ing an air which I immediately recognised as being from "The Gondoliers." Which of the Ministers it was is difficult to say. The voice was too light for the Treasurer, too chirpy for the Attorney-GeneraL If the Chief Secretary sings at all I should say his was the voice, but then I mast have been mistaken. I stopped and listened, because the words didn't sound fami liar, so I took out my notebook, with the fol lowing result: — Riding townwarde in tbe morning To our office we repair. And all idle momenta soornij);; Drop at once into a chair. Ana embark without delay On tbe duties of the day. First we open tip some letters Front constituents, whose fecttrn Bound our necks eeem ti^tter ev'ry day to grow; Next we interview a stranger, Who is introduced by Grainier, And it tikes oa ail our tame to make him •-•o. Then a deputation visit* us at t*n On a subject that we cannot leave to Ecn, So we answer well consider U anon. And thank our tacky dtata when it oils gone. After that «c find we've got on Bather shaky ground nitn Ootton. We approach him \try genUy-^be> a literary man; So we write a little minnte. There is really noUiing in it; lie a little cop to labor wbicb we offer when ire can. Then, we're rescued Iromxbe vapors, By a visit from tbe papers. Thfj're in search of information, and we're alway9 lots on hand; So we give it to them gaily, For our one ambition daily ls io advertise our actions in the papers of the lan-1. Ob, constituent* may sing. Of the troubles that they biinjr. Cut we find our duties joUy, and our situation grind, For tbo' other people slight us, We have one thin); todsligbt ns. It's to advertise our actions in the papers o! the lind. When we've done our mornin-- labore. We adjourn into a neiphtwr's, As politicians very of wn do; We anticipate adoption Ot our baby local option. And take lime by the forelock with that vk-.v. Tben we steal around and find out if our whip Ry chance has let a good supporter slip. Or we Kive ? hint to Bartlett on tbe ely He'll be one of us as Crown Lands by and bye. Then we join in modest joking With the members who are smoking. It's a little kind attention that they never will forget, And we tarradiddle slightly When we answer Moule politely Hiat his ta.\ upon the wealthy is with us a eectmd pet. Neil upon our benches silting We avoid tbe members hitting With their paltry little questions, that we ask them to postpone, And altho' we never huff them We adroitly try to bluff them It's our boart, to answtr .|ues'Jons straight we never yet were known. Oh, constituents may sine. Of the troubles that they ijrinr, JSnt we rather think tbem pleasant,' and we never, nt* er groan, For we're bound to live in story And the fact in which we glory 16 o>ir loast, to answer questions ssrai^bt we never yet were known. 