HARD ON BAITH. A tradesman in a Mid-Lanarkshire town was recently arraigned before one of the local magistrates on the charge of cutting do wo a tree situated in tbe back garden of the bouee he tenanted, without having obtained the consent of the landlord. The bailie who was on the bench chanced to be a pompous, self- opinionated old gentleman, whoee legal knowledge is almost nil, yet who is so fond of hearing himself speaking that he cannot resist the opportunity of lecturing the unlucky persons who are brougnt oeiore mm. woai wej uiu ye cut doon tbe tree ?' tbe magistrate inquired, sharply, addressing the accused. ' The tree was quite deid an1 rot ton ever ein' I cam' to the boose, and as it spiled the look of the gairden I cut it doon. Besides, I didna ken it was ony hairm, or 1 wad hae let it alane.' ' That'll no' dae, my man,' said the bailie, severely, ' ye say ye didna ken it was wrang, but ignorance o* the law' ie nae excuse for ony man.' ' Weel, bailie,' replied the culprit, gravely, but with the ghost of a sly, humorous twinkle in his eye, 'if that's the case it'* gey hard on the baith o* us.' Nearly a quarter of an hour elapsed before order whs entirely restored. Mrs. Bustley : ' Oh, our church fair was a wonderful success 3 We cleared over 2,000 dole.' Mr. Beenthere : ' What frightful robbery !' He : '? One kiss is worth a hundred letters.' She : *' Oh you're very senti mental.' He : ' Oh, no. The kiss, you know, can't be introduced in a branch of promise euit.' SOU.VD A I VICE TO FEMALES. Wome', os a general rule, are more apt to suffer with lassitude, debili'y, and nervousness than men. In leu of consulting the famd} physician, let them try Wolfe's Schnapps. ' How do yoa tell when tbere is nny gold in this funny-looking stone ?' asked the dear girl, who wan being shown ttround the mint by an official. ' Why, we smelt it,' he replied. Holding it to her pretty little nose, she remarked very innocently : ' Why, I siuolt it, too, but I don't see anything' about it to — Why, wbBt are you laughing at?' 