$)fljminml ®o)m <ras MDWtWOBlSW. OUB bodios should bo templet of the H<£j GllOtt, Mid US'afcJly the building up ot the spiritual temple go'„g fc^ in hand wit!, the erection tho material temple. Ballarat, Wilder the eplsoopato of tho Bight Dr. Moore, is no exception to <\ie rule. Uii Lordship has not completed a aplendid cathedral iia whioh there will be tmpty pews and a small congregation listless to the Word of God. He* haa pro. wided' institutions, the members of whichMO assiduously lind moat successfully cultivating the religions spirit •vong hid people, and, conjointly, in some oases, are preparing tho young to play their pert fitly in the straggle of life, «nd in that narrower sphere known M society. The Redcmptorist Fathers are not religious of the Utter olass. Theso gnat missionary priests dovotc themselves exclusively to the conversion and Miration ot souls, and so much in demand are their services, and «o com* plctcly does their "work absorb all their tune and tax all their available resources, that they hare neither time nor energy to spare for any additions to it. Their monastery iB »t Ballarat, but little motu than nominally have the Fathers any jjermr^nent residence there, for at one tin».e or another they are to be found in •UI parts of tho ootohy reoalling einnerR to repentance &nd; showing the way to heaven. Anything that ooaocrhs • religious community to whom, young though it is in this colony, many thousands of Oatholios are indebted for tho richest blessing that oould be bestowed on them should be of special interest to tho readers of the Advocate. Accordingly wo took measures to secure for this journal a special wport of the ceremony at Wendouree on Tuesday last, and by the report itself our forethought is well approved, for it shows that the dignitaries of the Ohuroh visiting this colony, and also the prelates whom we tare always with us, entertain a very Ingh opinion of the Bedemptorists ana the»v work. It could not, however, be otherwise, for the great missionary Fathers are famous for their services . — light of the Gospel ___ hardly as yet penetrated. To tho Catholie body it must be aeauie of pleasing re. flection that a religious congregation, the Members of which are so well qualified by training and aeal to minister to their spiritual wants, are settled amongst them t and that inflection will, wo trust, inspire all who have attended a lledemptorist mission, or hope for the grace and opportunity of doing so, to assist the Fathers in building their monastery. To have contributed only so much as a brick to such a building, and to have thus merited a share, ever so small, in the prayers and good works of the Jftedcmptorists, would be some consolation to a Christian soul in an how of strong temptation, weakness, or affliction. THBV are up to every THOBJS kind of mischief. The DBBinrnt love of it is inborn in Jismrs. them, and they are so stupid as to show their hand in everything, and thus reveal their iniquities to the world. Worse than that, while making friends they are themselves the friends of no man, and their propensity to evil is so strong that they cannot refrain from injuring tho cause they are supposed to serve or bringing down misfortune on their own adherents and convert*. Tho charge is a aerionaone', but have wenot the authority of Li Hung Chang, a clever and favourite minister of the Emperorof China, for making it P And if anyone could doubt that official's assertion, is there not the endorsement of the Aae to authenticate it. To disinterested testimony is thus added intelligent and impartial commentary in its favwir. And, if that were not sufficient, is there not a mass of Protestant literature and tradition to verifr the impeachment of the sons of Loyola P Graceless folk there may be who have their own opinion Of Li Rung Chang and his motive in ascribing the recent outbreaks in China to the imprudence of tta French Jesuits j but will people who know any. thing of the Chinese character beliew that hi* Righnm w*» playing Eolith ranity and playing hi* own game at the, same time\ j n likely, fwm what - % .' ^ A1,UigChang was "taking ih" the correspondent of an English Journal by statements highly agreeable to that gentleman. The idea is too preposterous to be entertained for a momoht, It is repugnant to an. article ot Protestant belief touching the wickedness of the Jesuits, and it is offensive to the religious susceptibilities of the A*n>, whosd faith on that point is as sound as Dr. Goe's could be. No* reason the matter out as we may, the conclusion is forced upon us that the Chinese minister was perfectly S iileleM il Jesuits in compromising in tho massacres those dread, and pillages, and that English correspondents and colonial journalists arc alike actuated by a most delioate senso of fair play in acoepting the views of the Chinese statesman on the subject. It just now looks as if Li Hung Chang favours England as against Russia, and what better proof of his honesty and veracity could be required f Turn U Me or GOOD INTENTIONS nothing to be gained jiNi* from noticing the mutts itrroRTC. proceedings of that Organisation with a very taapfyrdprUlo title whioh is feebly ndeavouring to secure the admission of fiiblo lessons igto the State schools. It s called the Nfttmial Scripture fidttea* cation League, and the claim of Catholics to participate in tho nducation vote could with much more proprioty be regarded as national, for one reason because the atholios who complain of injustice under the Education Act outnumber the people Who want tho Protestant Bible in ho school, and for a still stronger reason because tho system oould really bo made national by compliance with the Catholio proposal, for thus all parties ould be satisfied. Our denomination would receive their fair ahare of the ant for the secular instruction givenln eir schools, and the Protestant bodies could then have their Bible lessons in tho 3tate sohools. The Radical and Secularist organ, alluding in its Tuesday's issue to what ooeurrea the previous day at a convention of the Scripture Education League, exposed without difficulty the weak points in the League's programme, for our contemporary very properly points out that it Bible teaching not sanctioned by the Catholio Church wero allowed, the Catholio olaim could not be any longer refused, and this is what tho League obstinately denies, resorting to misstatements in support of its denial. Upon the most common and least warranted of theso misstatements the Anglioan Bishop of Ballarat fell back at tho convention on Monday, though in terms somewhat less decided than those in whioh it is usually advanced. Dr. Thornton is reorted to have said—"Ho thought, Eowever, that the Roman Catholio position was well stated by Oardinal Manning and Archdeacon Slattery, that if the Bible was restored * the sohools will be less insufferable to us than they are now,' so that their objection would not be increased by the change." We are not aware that Cardinal Manning ever said any suoh thing, but we are not disposed to doubt it. as his Eminence haa always opposed the elimination of the Christian idea from the work of the State, and there is no reason to objeet to its recognition in tho Board schools even in the Protestant form, as the Denominational schools shared in tho grant, and arc still to do so. But our circumstances hero are very different. We do not share in tho Government grant, and Catholio sohools, for unavoidable reasons, are not accessible to all Catholio children. We very muoh doubt, for these reasons, that the Venerable Archdeacon Slattery ever said anything that oould be taken to mean that if Scripture lessons upon Protestant authority were allowed in State schools these institutions "would be less insufferable to us than they now are." Tn any ease we have the declaration of the Avchbitbop of Melbourne that Catholic* could not, without a redress of their own grievance, approve of the programme of the Scripturc Education League, and, to say the least of it, it is not ingenuous on the part of the leaguers to persist in their atatoment to the contrary. Of that strange obliquity of vision or assertion there was a very remarkable example on Tuesday, when a deputation from the League anked the Premier to grant it the special privileges for which it is agitating. After Mr. Mwnty had prudently declined tocommit himself to a favourable reply, the Hew T. Kelson said—'" The Catholio Ohuroh has expressed approval of our fiUtfotp" Ai courtesy , forbids a denial of that assertion in the positive and forcible terms whioh auggeit themselves to tts as bast befitting the occasion, we shall only say that the reverend gentleman did not treat truth very reverently in this instance. To put themselves on a fair and honest footing* there ate throo assertions the leaguera should at onoe abandon as utterly untenable—the first of these is that the system in New South Wales aatisBeatOatholics 1 theseoondis that a similar system would satisfy Catholics hero s and the third is that a majority of Protestant parents are favourable to tho League programme. Ws suspected that there " Gonbsss were a few godlesspeople CLASSSS." in this oommunity who did not entertain sufficient rovorcnoo for the Salvation Army, or put that implicit trust in its "general" for whioh he looks. We know that there 8fo scapegraces who do not regard the Army with becoming seriousness when it is doing a war dance or pursuing the enemy with blood and thunder; It had been painfully imtossed on Us that tho demure Jiallc- lass is not always treated with !ujah tho courtesy she should exporienco when unobtrusively pushing tho sale of the War Cry, and so scattering among unconverted sinhfrrs the pearls of thought but wo 'had no * idea that so largo a section of our population are downright infidels, as tho " general discovered in tho few days ho spent in this oolony. That startling intelligence came to us through the following oablo message in tho Age.— LONDON, 94th November. A letter written by "General" Booth from Australia haB boen received here, in whioh reforenoo is made by the writer to the opposition raised against the oarrying out ot his scheme for the establishment ot oversea oolonleB in Australia) Mr. Booth states that the opposition to the schcme comes only from the " godless" classes. It oould not be the Chinese or the members of the Sooular Association to whom the great eommander of the new Protestant seot referred. He has not yet made war on the followers of Joss or of Mr. Joseph 8ymes, and as the most outspoken opponents of tho bladder sohome, by which ho proposes to float the submerged tenth into a haven of peace and comfort, have their official residence at the Trades' Hall, it is not to be doubted that the Labour party constitute the " godless classes who have incurred tho displeasure of the good man. Thero was enough laid at their door before this —more, perhaps, than people not eonseious of any wicked designs on tho Constitution or their neighbours' property oould be expected to bear without some feeling of resentment, but it remained for " General" Booth to put the finishing touch to the Conservative carioature,ana he has completed the sketoh with a very free hand and a daub of tar. THE Labour party i. PROJECTED propose a new de- KBW DEPARTURE, parture, and the project, if success, fully oarried out, would add immensely to their strength, It is nothing less than that the several existing unions should be incorporated in one all-embracing organisation under the direotion of a central representative body. It is of muoh interest, not alone to the labouring classes, bnt to every other class of the community, to fully realise what sucooss would moan in this case. In that case labour would have a parliament of its own, and something like an imj^rium in impm'o would exist. To give a voice in the direction of affairs to all forms of labour entitled to representation tho number of delegates would be very considerable, and the .managing body, if loyally obeyed and served, oould dictate its terms to politicians, and, if so minded, could throw the machinery of Government out of gear. It could block the wheels of commerce at a word, and insist upon the immediate adoption of social changes which, however desirable in the abstract, could not with aafety be hurriedly effected. These, however, are mere possibilities or fanciful dancers, inasmuch at it » wj unlikely, in the firat place, that the ambitfous idea could be earned cut, and still more unlikely, in the second place, that if the parliament of labour we» eoa&tUuted; it would long survive jealousies and diaaensioae. lu members wwld be mm delegates, not repre- isntatives, in the broad and best sense of the word. Giving them credit for the best possible spirit, their duty would be to a olass, and not to a eoti. munity. and assuming that 'the* were incapable of rising above stul narrower considerations, their first and chief Concern would be for the interests of tho little seotion of worker* of whom they were severally the mouthpieces. Their interoata and their aims would he contracted to a point even smaller than that represented by the Little Peddleton idea, and tho attempt to work out a parliamentary system of government on a small scale without any of the failure. The machinery would bo unwieldy for the legitimate work to he accomplished, and would be wreoked by its own momentum. A parliament proper haa great national objects in view | an organisation upon that model for tho promotion of class interests would be altogether ill-adapted to the purpose in view, and therefore oould not oe expected to work successfully. Passibly there are people who would be well pleased that a serious attempt were made to realise the very ambitious idea of some of the loaders of the Labour party, but, as we have no sinister objeot in view, our wish is that the present unions should bo pro8er1red, and that tho BUR- ;estioa in favour of incorporation Bhoula JO declined as impracticable and unconsciously mischievous. IKTEIUGBNCE has THE MESSBS. reaohed this colony from two independent HRPMONP. sources that the late member for Wexford and the member for Fermanagh—Messrs. J. B. and W. Redmond—were about to leave for Amtralia, and we have some reasons of a private character for crediting the statement. It is, we may say, very improbable that the brothers would return here merely as visitors. Thero is no political object whioh they oould serte In that capacity, and wo hardly think that there is any of a private nature that calls for their presence her*. If, as we believe, there are good grounds for die rumour that the Messrs. Redmond have made up their minds to relinquish Irish politics, and make Australia their future home, thej will assuredly receive a warm welcome from Irish- Australians, none of whom will forget the services they, have rendered the Irish oauso, or remember to their disadvantage the part they played lately in opposition to the moral teachings of the Irish hierarchy and the wishes of a vast majority of their countrymen. The eat change of purpose attributed to Se brothers lledmond has a political signi&oanoe; whioh no ono not a dullard would be at all likely to overlook. It vs most improbablo that even so much as the bare idea of abandoning their position in Irish politics would have ooourred tothenr if the hope that Parnellism would ultimately triumph had not, in their mindB, been utterly crushed. It is certain that they would abide at home the result of the great Home Rule movement if the discomfiture of the sohism in the national ranks had not dashed their hopes tothe ground and rendered their footing insecure. Hence, muoh as we may regret that anything has occurredin consequence of whioh their aotive services to their oountry'a cause will be lost, we cannot hut rejoioe at the evidence now forthcoming that they can no longer give it influential support as formerly and at the same time adhere to their personal, views as to the lines on whioh it should 