4A .TArE GiOST. In the'oounraof thirty years' experience as anaoterandmsanager in the provinces, 1-have' had scaseeorious adventures,' but never 'our liontterly beyond ay powers of comprehen sloit's on occurt'ene which'took place at the Theatre-Royal, Woolford, just before Christ: 'miass 1872. I have often related the details of this matter to my friends and it was talked of freely at the time. Of course, every man who hoard it had a theory of his own wherewith to account fan the. incident which I could not possibly account for; noverthe less, none of these theories ever satisfied me; and I am as much mystified to-day about that strange affair as I was the day it happened, now eighteen years ago. Woolford, as most people-at least people of my profession- are aware, is one of the most important theatrical towns in England; and its TheatroeRoyal is visited week after week by the loading touring companies. Eightteen years ago, however,, it was the habit of some companies to remain in a' large town for.more than a week, and it was in accordance with this practice that-the com pany of which I was- a member stayed at oolfbrd for the three weeks preceding Christmas 1872. We were a strong com biniation, and' during our, stay in the place gained much applause for our presentation of Shukespearean plays, a selection of which we put forward with exceptionally good mount Ing and-accessories. There were three persons-in our company who excited my interest in an unusual decree. The first was our leading lady, Miss Helen Lattimer,. a very handsome olever woman, who was as charming off the stage as on it She was agodd deal above the-ordinary run of actresses, and looked upon her work with that fine enthusiasm which always tends to success. It was agreat thing forherchances In -the profession that she had been exception ally well edcated, and was thus-oble to give effect to passages in the great dramatist's works whbioh an ordinary mind: would have found it difficult to understand. She worked very hard, and devoted several hours a day to study, withtthe result that when she repre sented one of her favourite charactrs you cquite forgot: Miss Helen Lattimer, and thought only of Juliet or Desdbmona .or Perdita, as the case mightbe. Miss-Lattimer, in fact, had- alrendy achieved the great dis tinction of submerging herself in the oharacter which she engaged to present. The second person who attracted my notice was our . leading tragedian, Mr Edward Boville. He had come into the company under somewhat mysterious cironmstances. None of us know him as an actor; he had certainly not gone through the mill, as most of us had; and yet he proved himself very speedily a most finished artist, and rapidly rose from a- minor position to the one -he occupiod at Woolford. Our manager, if ho knew anything of Boville's history, carefully refrained from sharing the knowledge with us, and we therefore invented a- story for ourselves to the effect that Boville was a peer in dieguise who was acting for amusement. .That he was a gentleman we had no doubt. He had all the manners and tone of the sooiety.which we usually call aristocratic, 'and it was pialpably evident that he had been aducated as only public-school and university men are. He was always kind and. sociable 'with the rest ot us; but we know well enough that he was notof us, and that under. other conditions we should not have had intimate relations with him. Boville was a tall handsome man of 28 or 30, iand I often thought that he and Miss Lattimer made a very fine couple. After he joined the company, Miss Lattimer and he struck up a friendship whichno doubt seemed to some of us likely to develop into affeootion. They were a great deal together, and they: spent hours on the- stage rehearsing scenes from famous plays, just for the love of the thing, I think.- But in spites of"all this, I never saw anything wluch led me to suppose Bovillo to be in love with IMisse-Lattimer. Ho was always as respectful to her, in a formal and somewhat half-distant fashion, as he was to the other ladies, who, I believe, were half afraidof- his "swell" mannars. There was one person, howeverq who thought that Boville was making love to Misse Lattimer, and that was the third of the three persons who -had excited; my inbsrest. Until Boville's sudden advent and rapid rise amongst us, Mr. Charles Melford had always been regarded-as our most promising man. He had a long experience, came of a family of actors, and might he said to have been born on the stage. It was only natural that he should very much resent the way in which our manager passed Bovillo over his. head, and ho did not hesitate to express- his resent mont, and to throw out hints about amateurs. and stage-strukeswells, and so on. To.this,. however, no one paid much attention, for Bovillo was undoubtedly a very fine and capable actor, and- well worthy the esteem in which our manager held him. I had often thought that Melford was in love with Miss Lattimer. I had seen him watching her with an expression in- his face. which 1 did not like; I had seen him try to. galr. speech of her and fail, at which times the look would- turn to one of baffled anger. He was not a bad fellow when' you came to know him; but his dark,' somewhat sullen countenance did not inspire any one with feelings of liking.' Then, too, he was moody and taoiturn, and sometimes had ugly fits; in. which it was almost dingerous to speak to him. 1 believoe that old Simpson,: ,our manager, would have got rid of him but for the fact that Melford was a thoroughly trained actor. and a very useful. man in a travelling company. It was the first week in December when we opened at Woolford, and we were to remain there until the 2Oth,when the thoeatre would be closed for a few days . to' allow of preparations being made for the annual pantomime. Diaring the two or three weeks preceding our arrival at Woolford, matters seemed to have grown very strange between Boville and Melford, and more especially between delford and Miss Lataimer. On more than one ocaesion I happened to come ncross Miss Lattinec and Melford talking together, and I fancied each time that she was in tears, while I was quite certain that le was eppaking cngrily and, withl a sort of psromptortuecss that he had no right to asaume. Two days'after our arrival at Woolfrrd I overheard these two talkiag 'in one of the dressing- rooms, and cucht the fiual words which were spokenby Melford. I shall stand it no longer: I'll give yout twenty-four hours, and if you don't speak then, I shsall!"' Then he went apbrsptly away, and very soon afterwards I saw Miss Lattimer lave the theatre: dud though she had a thick veil on, it was evident to me that sae had been shedding tears. I wondered whlat it was that MIelford wished her to speak about, but finally decided that it wits nothing snore than some gliovance in relation to business matters, of which hfelford, being a peevish man, always had a stock. And yet that birdly accounted for Xies Lattimer's tears- How over, it 'tss no businiess of mine, and I tried to dismiss'st from my toughte. Our play that night was "Romeo and ,Tuliet,'" iths Miss Lattimer add Boville as the two ill-fated lovers, stud 3elford in the part of Tylbalt. The occasion wits somewhat out of the ordinasy, for the Mssyor and Alderamen of Woolford had given their patronsge, and were to be present in full corbe. When the curtain went uptherewas hardly standingeroom in the msore popllar parts of the house: and by the titus we had reached the ball-seene, and Romeo saw Juliot for the first time, there was not a seat to be bad in stalls or boxes, for love or masney. It seemed to me that Borille was some what agitated that night. I had seen him early in the oveoaog in conversation with Miss Lattimer at the wines. They were not long together; bust Melfold row them, and a fleres look came over his face. .Tio went away, mutterimig to himself, tnssd I thought thatwe should have trouble ore lcag. Little did I guess how it was to come. -WVe reaeltd tlb scene where Tyhalt, re tvrning to the stags, is mct and slain by Romeo. I stood at the wings watching, others of the company standuinr near me Ty bhL rushed on, and wus met by'lomer -aIstnt'ed to ace hohrereal'the thing leooed. Bdth msn, Bovillt 8tid )Iolford, grlaed at sshi isthe~r as if the quarrol h'ad been a; real one effecting' thmsaelves. The 'sel com maoueed, the is stui was sunpea b bfCoth men were accoPltised swordsmen. One of the men standing by my side remaorked how like a real fight it 'as. Suddenly, as in- the stage diretione, .B eaeoran Tyball.through tbhehoarty.cand thf latter *ith onoarglare rountd dropped. Borillo stood mstionless ;gifor a negorld;z at hid 'prostrate foe: A long esigh'broke 'pon the crpwdcd house; And then ill' of a suddtn, one of tle- bikai itaedinsj at'the 'lngs-ehrieked aloud and poaintued to a stain that was rapidly crimlson g theOberords. Tlheduelbad been no aoth; it watrreal, and Melford lay there dead f I anre only a confused rcccllection of what followed. ; There:Was no rsore acting that night, and the streete wertrooan full of '* crowd tedkinsg of the awful rniscianse that had just teaken phtce at the Theatre:Resall Fot misolisnce at could tie; and'nothiogelse, By somnd dire mistake, Boville hMd uoe4 d buttonlesl Mir. At the iircitM tasonlent, he said,Molfbrd slippdd,;'and the weapon;.in stead of passing between body and arm, had penet. ated hisheaort. Of course there was an inquirpy and an inquest and so en; but everybody seemed agreed that' the whole-thing was-a terrible ascident, and no blame was attached to Bovillo. Melford was interred, and-in a-day or two the matter was treated like-the pro verbial nine days' wonder. But Bovilitwent about lookinmg very pale and haggard-a great contrast to Miss Lattimer, who some how seemed to have recovered her spirits. For a week after the accident the theatre was closed and when we re-opened, Boville's name was not on the bills, the manager con sidering it advisable that he should not appear for a while. Cansequon'ty the duties of leading man. devolved on me, and hbarn work I had during the next fortnight. However, I acquitted myself so much to the satisfaction of old Simpson that he set apart the last night of our stay at Woolford for my benefit. Now, I had . always a desire to play Romee, and I was all the more anxious to appear in thatceharacter on my benefit night because Misse Lattimer was an incomparable Juliet. I talked-the matter over'with Simp+ son.- We were both dubious about the pro priety of producing the play again so soon after the fatal accident: hut we finally decided upon doing so, and thobills were got out. I was anxious that Bovillo should sup. port me. and prevailed upon him to take the paetof-Tybalt. Heshivered alightly when I named thepart tohim, but finallyconsentedon condition that an assumed name should go down on the bills. The nigrht came; Ihad a full house and a splendid reception, and Miss Lattimer wasin magnificent form. The early ecenes went off admirably, and after the balcony scene I felt so elated with my own success as to have visions of a great career in the metropolis. Boville, on the other hand, was gloomy apd undeir a cloud. " Tom," she said, comingto nme at the wings, "something is goingto happen to me to-. night." .I looked at him in amazement. He snook his bhead. "Something will happen tome to night," ho repeated. "I know it. *"I-feel,"' ho said in a lower voice, and- looking rouied him,-" I feel that" somethihg is haunting mo." " Nonsense !" I answered. "iYou're out of sorts, Boville. The Christmas jollities will put you all right " You'll see," he said, and turned away. The scene soon came, whore- I, as Romeo, encounter the-fiery Tybalt and slay him. As I stood awaiting Boville's- approach, I suddenly became aware of a strange coldness that seemed to spread it-elf all round me. The words, *Here comes the fiery Tybalt bneck a;pin.' fell on my ears unheeded. I saw Bovillo advancing. And then-I felt acoldtoochon my hand, and a voice-Melford's voice -whisper: " Not you, Tom." I felt myself held as in a vice, and saw another Romeo glide past me eword is hand. I caught a glimpse of his face-heavens 1. it was iMelford came back. I heard the rapiers clash to gether and stood spell-bound. I heard a voice behind me whisper: "Go on, Tom-go on," and never moved. I was watching something that no one in that house saw except myself. There they stood, the living man Boville, and the ghost Mfelford, fighting. Suddenly, Melford's rapier went home, and Boville fell. I fainted and dropped on the stage. .When I came round, it was to hear of a tragedy. They said that Boville advanced upon the stage, and that I, for some un accountable reason, stood stillassif transfixed. Boville's face suddenly assumed a horror stricken expression; he threw up his- arms and dropped - dead. . Heart-disease, the doctors said. I told my story afterwards, and got laughed at. But whatever, the truth of the matter may.be,.and whatever-was the nature of that-strange secret-shared by Miss Latti mer and:the two. men, I know beyond question that my place asR - Romeo was assumed for a minute by the epirit of Charles Melford in order - that he might wreak his vengeance on the man who had murdered him three weeks befolre.-Cmnberl-'seJournal.. 