Ill IS II1HA TIUI5&. Ghosts and goblins still live and rule in che imuginntiuns of innumerable Iii-h men and women, and not merely in remote places, but.close even to big cities.. It-is down West ward among the deep hays and mountain valleys of Sligothatpl have heard the-best titles and found the ■ must ardent bcliet. There, ninny a peasant dreams of growing I rich by finding a fairy's crock of .gold, ami. -passes some famous haunted hillside, and goes over in her mind the names of men anil women carried olT. as tradition will have it. to the dim kingdom. Only very recently ont of these fabled robberies was reported to have liuen attempted. A little girl, who was at service with a farmer in the Tillage of Grange, suddenly disappeared. There was ■ at once great excitement in the neighbour hood, because i1 was rumoured that the fui ries had taken her. A villager was said to have long struggled to hold her from them, but at last they prevailed, and he found no thing in his hand but a broomstick. The loeal constable was applied to, and lie at once instituted a house-to-house search, and at the same time advised the people to horn all the buealmins (ragweed) on the field she vanished from, because luicalann - are sacred to the fairies. They spent the'whole night /burning them, the constable, ^repeating . spells the while. ; In the morning'tlie little, girl was found, the story goes, wandering in the field. Slic said the fairies had taken her away a great distance, riding’bn a fairy horse. Atlnst she.saw a big river, anil the man who tried to keep her from being car-' ried oJT was drifting down it—such are the topsyturvydoms of - fairy glamour — in a coekleshell. Brides and new-horn children are especially in danger. Teasaut mothers, too, are sometimes carried off to nurse the children of Hie fairies."At the end of seven years they have a chance of returning, and if they do not escape then are always prisoners. Awoman, said still to lie living, was taken from near a village culled Ballisodare,-and when she came home -after seven years she had no. toes—she had danced them off.—IK. B. leafs, in the Leisure Ilnur. 