Not a Happy Lot. That the heathen of political ' man agement' should furiously rage upon the withdrawal of the Sbate railways from their control, no one of any dis. crimination could fail to anticipate. As well expect a pack of famished wolves to remain quiescent when the carcase of a bullock is withdrawn from tneir reacn as tne ?? mends or labour, and other workers of the oracle and pro viders (for a consideration) of sinecures, submit meekly to a system in which their occupation was largely gone. And yet the first experiment in Australia in this direction strangely enough evoked no manifestation commensurate with the supposed change. Enough grumbling marked the advent of Mr. Speight and Uis colleagues in Victoria, bat things soon subsided into their quiet, well oiled groove, and the innocent concluded that the imputed evils of political management exaggerated the faofcs of the case. It is only quite lately the feline secret escaped from the sack in which it has been cleverly concealed for years. A deficit in the Victorian rail way revenue last nnancial year set Ministers and Commissioners by the ears, and the latter opened their hearts to the public, who learnt then, for the first time, that political management had ceased in nothing but name. So far from being killed, it was not even scotched. Ministers and members still reigned supreme in the Department, and when one of them said, 'Give my cousin a billit,' it was given ; or ' Build a railway agin my door,' it was built. This kind of thing had increased in exacerbation with the years, until the respectable surpluses of the past had been converted into a deficit that still serves the authorities of Europe for a headshaking text on Victorian finance. Very markedly different is the history of the change of management in New South Wales. Almost from the jump the Commissioners were regarded with disfavor by the section -which provides the Parliament, of the country with its Cricks, and Scheys, and Willises, until the sentiment ot ' Strangle him applied to Mr. Eddy, the Chief Commissioner, has be came as popular as that of ' Damn Sam Griffith' was in the palmy days of Mackay. It is abundantly evident . that not the ghost of political manage- ' ment can be discerned here, aud the consequence is a stride forward so marvellous that those who study ifc most closely are those most impressed with its proportion. Speaking of the persistent hostility which the Commis sioners have earned for themselves by a certain class in return for these tremen dous services, the Sydney Telegraph observes : 'It would have been very easy, however, for the Commissioners to have disarmed the resentment of those unscrupulous foes had they been conscienceless enough to adopt the obviously available means for doing so. Had they chosen to be generous to departmental sinecurism rather than just to the public and true to their covenant with tbe people of New South , Wales, they might by this time have lived down all the opprobrium with which their appointment was received. It is easy to be generous with other people's money, and if the Railway Commissioners wanted cheap popularity they could get as much as they wanted of it at the taxpayers' expense. But they have chosen to do their duty to the country, and do it in the face of tho bitterest, most implacable and most cowardly^ opposition that any public servants in this colony have ever had to confront.' It would appear as if our own Com missioners had slowly gained courago enough to follow this very inconvenient example. If a policeman's lot is not a happy one, that of a railway commis sioner who does his duty is not even safe. We have not as yet heard of any explicit suggestio'n as to the advisability of strangling our Commissioners, but the animus is indicated on all sides. One of our local lights threatens to bring influence to bear upon ' our members ' who, thus influenced, will proceed to t- 'toach the Commissioners they are not going to boss tho country.' Of courso they have never made any attempt or pretence ot an attempt at bossing the country, nor, in reality, does the local light accuse them of anything of the sort. Tho Commissioners have under taken to boss the railways, and it is /??*- because they proceed to perform their f' duty in. the face of certain bitter * hostility, that they are now being-- ' '/ abused and threatened with the chastise mont of influenced members. So far wo havo not attempted to deal with the details of the new rates, nor shall we attempt it now. Tho news^-- s paper writer is omniscient, of ooursc; ''^-'^V not for worlds would we shake the solid foundations ot that belief ; but it is surely playing it rather low clown on thoroughly trained specalists for ' an outsider to teaoh them the tcehnioal details of their trade, It would be daring in a leader-writer, impudent in anyone elso, to boss a surgeon over an operation of lithotomy or an astronomer in calculating the paralhix of a star; but if either processes would tund to affect the pocket of hilf a dozen per sons, that half a dozen persons would be found ready, and eager in r;itio to tliuir ignorance of the worif, to do the bossing. Thus it happens that railway com missioners have many critics. What we have dealt with, and are comput nt to deal with, is the princip'e of bhe action taken by the Commissioners, and we put it to their most rabid denouncers whether they would consider it fair if they were treated as the general public have been treated heretofore : that is to say, if they, the denouncers, were required, while paying full rates for their own goods, to put their hands in their pockets to make up the difference on other people's goods carried at half and third rates. For the aggrieved parties must never forget that their goods have not in reality been carried at the low rates in vogue lately. They have been carried at full paying rates, but ? only a portion of . those was charged to the'r owners. Other and uninterested persons had to pay the balance. Is this fair ? or is it mean ? The chances are that when many of those now feeling like strang ling tho Commissioners come to fully realise the actual and moral position in which they were, they will at least forbear any attempt to get back there. For the utterly selfish, those who, if their goods had been carried a hundred miles at a halfpenny a tou would fly into a fury of indignation were the rate to be raised to a penny, there is no hope. Perhaps not one of them would stick up a bullock.driver and seek to compel him to take loadiug for 5s. a ton, when nothing less than 20s. would pay. It will be said this would be unfair to the man. Exactly, and in this consists the difference, that in that ease it would be unfair to one ; in the ease in point it is unfair to many. Thousands are stuck up instead of one. 