A TRUE GHOST STOBY. The following is a ghost story with much more foundation in fact than, such yarns usually possess:— On the road leading from Egremont, Mass., to Mt. Everett is a house which was once the home of a sea captain who was murdered by the insubordinate crew of liis ship. After that event, on stormy nights, his wife and daughter used to be distuibed by sounds of creaking cordage, flapping sails, clanking chains, and other nautical sounds which seemed to come from the garret. Above all the rest of the noise and turmoil, whoever was downstairs could hear angry voices, groans, and cries for help. A great many people used to gather in the house on stormy nights to hear the unaccountable and alarming racket in the garret, but no one ever had enough courage to open the garret door and try to "solve the mystery on such occasions. At length the widow and her daughter abandoned the bouse, the doors and windows of which were boarded up. All this took place fifty years ago, and but few who have seen the ruined house know its singular history. A short time ago a Mrs. Melius, a grand- daughter of the old captain, living in Lowell, received a letter from a sailor from a South American port, who said that h i was on the sh;p with her grandfather on the night when the latter was killed; he said the captain, wanted him to go to Egremont and tell his wife and daughter that he had been murdered, and that enough money liad been buried in one corner of the cellar to keep them in comfort all the rest of their lives. The sailor went to Egremont as he had promised, but resolved to have the money for himself. By an. ingenious arrangement of chains and other available material, he originated and kept up the supposed supernatural tumult which had driven th9 captain's widow and daughter from their home. He then made a success ful search for the money, which he took with him to Peru. Remorse and the pro bability of immediate death induced him to write the letter of explanation to the grand-daughter. 