THE NOVELIST. THE,WORLD'S DESIRE. Br H. Bides Hadoaed and Andes j? Bang. He eaam vera immortalem fvitse indiaat temput,— ■ SEKV1C8. jENKID II., SOI. BOOK L CHAPTER L THE SILENT ISIS. Come with us, ye whose hearts are set On this, the Present to forget; Come with us where the moonlight fills The hollows of the fairy hills^ Where droops the visionary vine Men crush to yield heart's anodyne! Come read the things whereof ye know They were not, and could not be so.' The murmur of the fallen creeds, hike winds among wind-shaken reeds Along the banks of holy Nile, Shall echo in your ears the while; The fables of the North and South Shall mingle in a modem mouth; The fancies of the West and East Shall flock and flit about the feast like doves that cooled, with waving wing, The^banqnets of the Cyprian King. Old shapes of song that do not die Shall haunt the halls of memory. And though the Bow shall prelude clear Shrill as the song of Chinnar's spear. There answer sods from lute and lyre That murmured of The World's Desire. There lives no man but he hath seen The World's Desire, the fairy Queen. None but hath seen her to his cost. Not one but loves what be has lost. None is there but hath heard her sing Divinely through hiB wandering; Not one but he hath followed tar The portent of the Bleeding Star; Not one but he hath chance to wake, Dreamed of the Star and found the Snake. Yet. through his dieamsjt wandering fire, SHli, still she flits, The World's Desire! Across the wide backs of the waves, beneath the mountains, and between the islands, a shin came stealing from the dark into the dusk, ana from the dusk into the dawn. The ship had only one mast, one broad brown sail with a star embroidered on it in gold; her stem and stern were built high, and carved like a bird's beak ; her prow was painted soarlet, and she was driven by oars as well as by the western wind. A man stood alone on the half-deck at the bows, a man who looked always forward, through the .night, and the twilight, and the clear morning. He was of no great stature, but broad-breasted and very wide shouldered, with many signs of strength. He had blue eyes and dark curled locks falling beneath a ted cap suoh as sailors wear, and over a purple cloak, fastened with a brooch of gold. There were threads of silver in his curls, and his beard fleoked with white. His whole heart was following his eyes, watching first for the blaze of tu<3 Mand beacons out of the darkness, and. later, for the smOi«»»?Sfrli? the But he watched in vain; ^...ar6 light nor smoke on the grey peak that against a field of yellow sky. There was no smoke, no fire, no sound of voices, nor cry of birds. The isle was deadly still. As they neared the coast, and neither heard nor saw a sign of life, the man's face fell. The gladness went out of his eyes, his features grew older with anxiety and doubt, and with longing for tidings of his home. Ho man ever loved his home more than he, for this was Odysseus, the son of Laertes—who of some is called Ulysses—returned from his unsung second wandering. The whole world has heard the tale of his first voyage, how he was tossed for ten years on the sea after the taking, of Troy, bow he reached home at last. alone anci disguised as a beggar; how he found violence in his house, how he slew his foes in his own ludl, and won his wife again.. Bub even in his own country he'was not permitted to rest, for there was a corse upon him and a labour to be accomplished. He must wander again till he reached the land of men who had .never tasted salt, por ever heard of the salt sea.; There he must sacrifice to the; sea god,, and . then, at last, set his face homewards. How he had endured that curse, he had fulfilled the prophecy, he had angered, by misadventure, the goddess that was his friend, and after adventures that have never yet been told, he had arrived within a bowshot of Ithaca. He came from strange countries, from the Gates of the Sun and the White Bock, from the Passing Place of Souls and the people of Dreams. But . he found his own isle more still and strange by far. The realm of Dreams was not so dumb, the Gates of the Sun were not so still, as the shores of the familiar island beneath the rising dawn. This story, whereof the substance was set out long ago by Rei, the instructed Egyptian priest, tells what he found there, and the tale of the last adventures of Odysseus, Laertes' son. The ship ran cn and won the well-known haven, sheltered from wind by two head lands of sheer cliff. There she sailed straight in till the leaves of the broad olive tree at the bead of the inlet were, tangled in her cordage. Then the Wanderer, without once looking back, or saying one word of farewell to his crew, caught a bough of the olive-tree with his hand, and swung himself ashore. There he kneeled, and kissed the earth, and, covering his head within his cloak, he prayed that he might find his house at peace, his wife dear ana true, and his son worthy of him. But not one word of his prayer was to be granted. The gods give and take, but on the earth the gods cannot reetore. When ne rose from his knees he glanoed back across the water, but there was now no ship in the haven, nor any sign of a sail on all the seas. And still the land was silent; not even the wild birds oried a welcome. The sun was hardly up, men wero. scarce awake, the Wanderer' said to himself; and he set a stout heart to the steep path lead-' ing up the hill, over the wolds, and across the. ridge of rock that divides the two masses of the island. Up he climbed, purposing, as of old, to seek the house of his faithful servant, the swineherd, and learn from him the tidings of. his home. On the brow of a hill he stopped to rest, and looked down on the house of, the servant. But the strong oak palisade was broken, no smoke came from the hole in the thatched roof, and as he approached the dugs did .not run barking, as sheep-dogs do, at the. stranger. The vary path to the hopse was overgrown, and dumb with grass; even a dog's keen ears could* scarcely have heard a footstep. The door of the swineherd's hut was open, but all was dark within. The spiders nad woven a glittering web across the empty blackness, a sign that for many days no man had entered. Then the Wanderer shouted twice, and thrice, but the only answer was the echo from the hilL He went in, hoping to find food, or perhaps a spark of fire sheltered under the dry leaves. But all was vacant and odd as death. The Wanderer came forth into the warm sunlight, set hiB face to the hill again, and went on his way to the City of Ithaca. He saw the sea from the hilltop glittering as of yore, but there were no brown sails of fisher boats on the sea. AU the land that should now have waved with the white corn was green xrith Wangled weeds. Half-wav down the rugged path -was a grove of alders, and fhe baBin into which the water flowed from the old fountain of 'the Njunphs! Bnt no maidens were there'with their pitchers; the basin was broken, and .green with mould; the water «lipped through the erevices and hurried to the nea. There were no offerings of wayfarers, rags and pebbles, by the well; and on the altar of the Nymphs the flame had long been cold. The very ashes were covered with grass, and a branch of ivy had hidden the stone of sacrifice. On the Wanderer pressed with a heavy heart; now the high roof of his own halland the wide fenced courtB were within his sight, and he hurried forward to know the worst. Too soon he saw that the roofs were smoke 3ess, (and a11 the court was deep in grass. Where the altar of Zeus had stood in the midst -of the court there was now no altar, but a great grey mound, not of earth, but of white dust mixed with black. Over this mound the grass pricked up scantily, like thin hair on a leprosy. Then the Wanderer shuddered, for out of the grey mound peeped the charred black bones of the dead. He drew near, and lo! the whole heap was of nothing else than the ashes of men and women. Death had been ' busy here: here many people had perished of a pestilence. They had all been consumed on one funeral fire, while they who laid them there must have fled, for there was no sign of living man. The doors gaped open, and none entered and none came forth. The house was dead, like the people who had dwelt in it. Then the Wanderer paused where once the old hound ArgoB bad welcomed him and had died in that welcome. There, unwelcomed, he stood, leaning on his staff. Then a sudden ray of the sun fell on something that glittered in the heap, and he touched it with the end of the staff he had in his hand. It slid jingling from the heap; it was a bone of a forearm, and that which glittered on it was a half-molten ring of gold. On the gold these characters were engraved:— j IKMAA10S ME HOIESEN. (Icmalios made me. ) 1 At the sight of the armlet the Wanderer fell on the earth, grovelling among the ashes of the pyre, for he knew the gold ring which ho had brought from Ephyre long ago for a gift to his wife Penelope. This was the bracelet of the bride of his youth, and here, black, calcined, bare, a mockery and a terror, were those land arms in which he had lain. Then bis strength was shaken with his sobbing, and his hands clutched blindly before him, and he gathered dust and cast it upon his head till nis dark locks were defiled with the ashes of his dearest, and he longed to die. There he lay, biting his own hands for sorrow, and for wrath against God and fate. There he lay while the sun in the heavens smote him, and he knew jt not; while the wind of the sunBet stirred in his hair, and he stirred not. He could not even shed one tear, for this was the sorest of all the sorrows that he had known on the waves of the sea, or on the land among the wars of men. The sun fell, and the ways were darkened. Slowly tbe eastern sky grew silver with the moon. A night-fowl's voice was heard from afar, it drew dearer; then through the shadow of the pyre the black wings flattered into the light, and the carrion bird fixed its talons and its beak on the Wanderer's neck. Then he moved at length, tossed up an arm, and caught the bird of darkneBB by the heck, and broke it, and dashed it on tbe ground. His sick heart was mad with the little sudden , pain, and he clutched for the knife in his girdle that he. might slay himself,' but he was unarmed. ' At last he rose, muttering, and stood in the moon light, like a lion in some ruinous palace of for gotten kings. He was faint with hunger and weak with long lamenting, as he stepped within his own doors. There he paused on that high threshold of stone where onoe he had satin the disguise of a beggar, that very threshold whence, on another day, he had shot the'shafts of doom among the wooers of his wife and the wasters of his home. But now his wife was dead; all his voyaging was ended here, and all •his wars were vain. In the white light the 'house of his kingship was no more than the ighost of a home, dreadful, unfamiliar, empty of warmth and love and light. The tables were fallenlhere and there through the long hall; mouldering fragments of the funeral feast and shattered cups and dishes lay in one confusion; the ivory chairs were broken, and on the walls the moonbeams glistened now and again from points of steel and blades of bronze, though many swords were dark with rust. But there, in its gleaming case, lay one thing friendly and familiar. There lay the bow of Eurytus, the bow for which great , Heracles hod slam his own guest in his own halls; the dreadful bow that no mortal man but the Wanderer could bend. He was never used to carry this precious bow with him on shipboard, when he went to the wars, bat it was treasured at home, the memorial of a dear friend foully slain. So now, when the voices of dog, and-slave, and child, and wife were mute, there yet came out of the stillness a word of welcome ito the Wanderer. For this bow, which had thrilled in the grip of a god, and .had scattered the shafts of the vengeance of Heracles, was wondrously mode and magical. A spiritidnelt within it which knew of things to come, .whieh boded the battle from afar, and therefore alvrtys before the slaying of men the bow sang- strangely through the night. The voice of it was thin and shrill, a ringing and a singing of ithectring and of the bow. While the Wanderer stood and looked on bis weapon, 'hark ! the <bow began to thrill! The sound -was faint at -first, a thin note, but as he listened the -voioe of it in that silence grew clear, strong, angry, and triumphant. In his .cars and to nis heart it seemed that the word less chant ran thus;— THE SONG OF THE BOW. Keen end low Doth the arrow sing The Song of the Bow, The sonnd of the string. The shafts cry shrill— Let as forth again, Let us feed onr fill On the flesh of men. Greedy and fleet Do we fly from far, Like the birds that meet For the feast of war, Till the air of fight With onr wings be stirred, As it whirrs from the flight Of the ravening bird. Like the flakes that drift On the snow-wind's breath. Many and swift, And winged for death Greedy ana fleet. Do we speed from far, Like the birds that meet On the bridge of war. Fleet as ghosts that wail, When the dart strikes true, . Do tbeswift shafts hail, Till they drink warm dew. Keen and Jow Do'the grey shafts elng The Song of the Bow, The sound of the string. This wasthe message of death, and this was the first sound that-hap broken the stillness of his home. . '' " At the welcome of this music which spoke to bis heart—this tmieio ha had heard so many a time—the Wanderer knew that there was'war at hand. He knew that the wings of his arrows should be swift to fly, and their beaks of brottEe should be whetted to drink the blood of men. He put out his hand and took { the bow, and tried the string, and it answered shrill as the song of the swallow. Then at length, when heheard thebowspring ] twang to his touch, the fountains of his sorrow were unsealed; tears caine like soft rains on a frozen land, and the Wanderer wept. When he had his fill of weeping, he rose, 1 for hunger drove him—hunger that is of all things the most shameless, being stronger far than sorrow, or love, or any other desire. The Wanderer found his way through the narrow door behind the dais, and stumbling now and again over fallen fragments of the homo which he himself had built, he went "to the inner, secret storehouse. Even he could scarcely find the door, for saplings of trees had grown up about it: yet he found it at last. Within the holy well the water was yet babbling and shining in the moonlight over the silver sandB; and here, too, there was a store of mouldering grain, for the house had been abundantly rich, when the great plague fell upon the people while he was far away. So he fouud food to satisfy his .hunger, after a sort, and next he gathered together out of his treasure- chest the beautiful golden armour of unhappy Paris, son of Priam, the false love of fair Helen. These arms bad been taken at the sack of Troy, and had lain long in the Treasury of Menelaus in Sparta; but on a day he had given them to Odysseus, the dearest of all his guests. The Wanderer clad himself in this golden gear, and took the sword called "EuryaWs Gift," a bronze blade with a silver hilt, and a sheath of . ivory, which m a far-off land a stranger had given him. Already the love of life had come back to him, now that he bad eaten and drunk, and had heard the Song of the Bow, the Slayer of Men. He lived yet, and hope lived in him though his house was desolate, and his wedded wife was dead, and there was none to give him tidings of iris one child, TeJemaehus. Even bo life beat strong in bis heart, and his hands would keep his bead if any sea-robbers bad come to the city of Ithaca and made their home there, like sea hawks in the forsaken nest of an eagle of the sea. So he clad himself in his armour, and chose out two spears from a stand of lances and cleaned them, and girt about his shoulders a quiver full of shafts, and took in his hand his great bow, the Bow of Euiytus, whioh no other man could bend. Then he went forth from the ruined house into the moonlight, went forth for the last time, for never again did the high roof echo to the footstep of its lord. Long has the j grass grown over it, and the sea-wind wailed! 