ROME. ST. PETER'S DAY IN HOME. Leo XIII. paid dvisifc to the tomb of St. Peter (says the Roman correspondent of the Pilot) on the eve of the feast, of that Apostle on the 28th June. The Ave Maria had rang, and. the Church of St. Peter, like all the others of Borne, was closed for the night. Then the Pontiff, accompanied by some guards and a few of the members of his household, descended into the great empty church by tho door opening from the staircase which leads from the Vatican into the Chapel of the Blessed Sacrament. There he knelt in adoration for a few minutes in tho semi-darkness. Wax torches, placed in large candelabra of carved iron, stood at intervals along the line of passage which led from tho chapel to the confessional, around which the hundred lamps burn, which are extinguished only one day in the year. The statue of St. Peter was the next point at which the Holy Father stopped, and where he stood for a time in silent prayer. This ancient bronze statue was arrayed for this occasion in a magnificent cope; a large ring was on one of the fingers of the right hand, which is raised as in blessing; and a rich tiara was placed upon the head. This statue is thus dressed only for this feast, and on occasions when a beatification or sanctification takes place in St. Peter's. It is certainly one of the oldest of Christian statues, and has stood in St. Peter's— the ancient and the present churches— for close on fifteen centuries. It is believed to have been made by order of St. Leo the Great, in honour of St. Peter, after the Pontiff had been successful in persuading Attila, King of the Huns—" the Scourge of God," as he called himself—not to "invade Rome. The Pontiff attributed his success to the Apostle Peter, and had this bronzo statue cast from the melted metal of the statue of the Capitoline Jove, and placed t in the church of the monastery of St. artin, near the west wall of the nncient atican Basilica. It is the monument of double victory—of the victory over aganism, and of the victory over bararism. From the first moment in which he Romans of the fifth century admired t as it was placed upon its base, until he present day—in spite of the most urious wars and persecutions which at all times have raged around the Church— this statue has never been overthrown from its base. The only one who threatened it was Leo, Emperor of Constantinople, the author of the Iconoclast eresy, and he failed. And now tho Holy Father proceeded o the Confession, which is a sort of ubterranean ohapel, under the high ltar, and giving a nearer approach to he tomb of the saint beneath this altar. he Confession of St. Peter's is on a evel of the ancient basilica, the modern uilding being elevated about eight or en feet above the old level. The placc as richly adorned and carpeted for this east. The most beautiful flowers vied ith the rich hues of the vari-coloured arbles in its walh. The altar above ad these massive, splendidly-wrought andlesticks and crucifix—the work of envenuto Cellini—And aimost equally rtistic statuettes of SS. Peter and Paul. ere, facing the gilded bronze doors hich enclose the space above the tomb f the Fisherman of Galilee, is a colossal neeling statue, by Canova, of Pius VI., ho died in exile in 1799, and whose tatue was placed here as that of the irst Pontiff who died in exile since he present basilica was built. In ront of this statue, and immeiately beneath the high altar—for the ilded bronze gates were now opened— he Pope knelt right abovo tho deep avity in which tho body of St. Peter is aid to rest. What a glorious history tretchos through the eighteen centuries hat divide, and at the same time unite, eter the Galilean and Leo the olscian 1 Here Leo XIII. remained in absorbed nd silent prayer for nearly two hours. he church in the distance was in deep loom, through which the statues on the ombs seemed as faintly outlined figures, hite and weird as ghosts. A still deeper gloom filled the chapels. A deputation of the Chapter Bang Matins, and the Pope had finished his prayers, and after the chanting of this part of the Office, the Pontiff, acoompanied by the canons, the members of his court and his guards, went round the chapels, praying at some and examining the conditions of others. It was close upon II o'clock when the Pontiff ascended to the Vatican. On Monday all Rome may be said U> have paid its homage to St. Peter. From even the most distant parts of the city the crowds flocked in their thousands, across die Bridge of St. Angelo, to the great basilica with the colonnades in front of it that seem to embrace the world. People stood at tho entranco to the Piazsa of 8t. Peter's to guso upon the hosts already in thivMt vquiire; and others, having boldly dared the terrors of sun-stroke by crossing this space, stood at the entrance to the church to look back upon the tide of living beings that flowed beneath. There was a constant coming and going from early morning till after sunset, when the skies became a glory of gold and green, and the bells of the Ave resounded through the still luminous night. The hymn in the VeBpers of the feast, known aB O felix Roma! brought a mighty host to hear it. It is one of these hymns that have won the hearts of the people, and no Roman, or intelligent dweller in Rome, ever fails to do his utmost to be present at that triumphant glorification of Rome in the blood of its martyrs, SS. Peter and Paul. An able writer hss said of it—"At this moment the spectaclc is superb! The Chapter of St. Peter (about 200 ecclesiastics, archbishops, bishops, priests, and clerics) form a choir at the base of the altar of the Confession. . . . The immense crowd increases in the enormous space, and with a murmur like the wind in a forest. The setting sun sheds its softened rayB on the marbles and the gilding. The sacred hymn is heard, as the voice of a multitude in the temple Two choirs of 100 voices each, accompanied by two organs, respond from one side of the basilica to the other, always with the same exclamation, ' O felix Roma ! O felix Roma !' sometimes with the accent of triumph, sometimes with that of tenderness; and the chant is repeated in the low tones of the basses and the acute notes of the sopranos, ising, falling, succeeding, and interingling with one another. Nothing stirs the heart like this music in honour f Rome and of St. Peter, sung in the entre of the Eternal City, over the omb of the Apostle, before the genuine omans. It seems that the soil palpiates beneath your feet, and that the ncient Popes are stirring in their ombs 1" 