STAGE, SONG AND SHOW. "Siberia" will bo played at Her Majesty's fur tlio last time to-night. To- morrow evening Neil Burgess' famous American play, " Tile County Fair," will be produced for the Grit time in Australia. Tho race scene should bo a marvel of ingenuity. To say that Air. Georgo Perry's Wednesday night concerts aro popular would be to convey a very faint idea of the stato of ultiiirs on Wednesday night, when another of hi3 weekly con certs took placo before an audience that fillod the building, and for over two hours tho largo assemblage wus kept in a high state of excitement. Loud and continuous applause greeted each artist. Proceedings commenced with an overture by tlio company, which went well. Miss Alice May, tlio sweet soprano, de lighted the audience by singing " Beneath tho daisies." Joe Warren followed with " All tight, Mary Ann," when tho audience roared with laughter. Miss Ettio Diamond's sweet contralto voice was heard to great advantage in " Little bright eyes." "Laugh ing Daphne," by Goo. Warren, took the house by storin. Miss Ruby Warner fairly electrified the honse with " Bring back my fislior boy." Chris Simes was very fnnny in " Uncle Peter's juhilee." Air. Joe Addison's powerful bass voico was heard to splendid advantage in "Romany Rye." Harry Hartlie, tho popular comedian, roused the audience with "Sally with tho coal black eye." Little Addio, the changing sorin- oomie, created a furore by rondoring, "Oh, you wicked young man." A finale, entitled '" Hamlet's Ghost," concluded the first part. Miss Alice May commenced thesecond partby singing "I always take mother's attvico," and was forcod to respond. Ruby Warner scored a big success by singing " Did 'em do it," and for an encore she sang "Daughters." A double specialty by tho Rowland sisters was loudly applauded. "M'Carthy's widow," by Chris. Simes, phased tho audionco greatly. Miss Ettio Diamond sang with great effect "No 0110 like mother to ino." A banjo specialty by Georgo Warren fairly convulsed tho audienee with laughter.' A duet, " Larboard Watch," by Alice May and Joe Addison was loudly encored. Harry Hurdio, comedian, mado tho audience roar with laughter by singing " Up to date." A comic speoiulty by Joe Warren fairly brought tho house down, which concluded the very host entertain ment given sinco Mr. Perry established tho concerts. Madam Goddon gave every satis faction. 