. IELBOURNE .ITEMS. (PROM OUR OW'NS cOttRItSPONDENT). The mistake that is made by paying .nmmbers of parlialmeint for their ser vices tbecomes apparent now and again. 'The paymenit system is responsible for the existtence of the " _Professional Paliticiaiu, who, not infrequently umakes polities a trade after he has failed in (very other calling. In America the political busir'nss has been brought to a high state of perfection. The rate of pay is about tile samiI as osne, hut the advantages of the position are greater. Thus ; I hte hIleard of a jlan who was returned for ia rural dio trict. 11, hald a ?"nominal" lodging eior a barlerr's shop; that is to tny, his letters were addressed there. He lesr, for a trilling consideration, was allowed to store a shabby portmantenu utnd wah Ilimlself. and change his linen upon thll saine premlises .h le took his Imesals at a cheap eating. house, ald, inotand oft a bed, hey slept upon his " Railway Pass," and slept very well too. ]In this way:-Wlhen released front his public duties lihe would saun ter to the railway station, .enter the sleeping car of a train about to travel ia cortairn distance, and sleop. lie would then return in another train and have another sleep. Then thi barher's shop and. the eating houlse set him up for the day. We are not so had as that in Vic toria, Iut still, the mnonthly cheque for £.25 is a bait attractive enough to in duce many men to eschew hard work, and live upon the contrilbutions of tax payers, without contributing. in return lre, value of a single fartliingl in l.gis lative ability. Electors should look to tlhi, fand, when called upon to 'return minhmers to. trhe next parliamrent, should look lore to performances than :o promises. Even amongst the imen who belong to a higher grade in. the profession of politics,.and' who are6 not dependent for subsistence upon the 'monthly sti pernd, a strict watch shoula he, kept; for it is clear that self-interest, or an lambition that. has nothing to do with ppatriotism, IiRiy sometimes lead them astray, How else are we to account for the line of action that Mr Deakin has pursued during the past week. -Clearly, his votes and his speeches word intended for effect outside, and not insilde the House. The subject under discussion was Federation, but the question palpably present to the ox-Chief Secretary's ninds was the probable statnt of parties at the pollieg booths sometinio next year. The hon. gentlelrarn is keeping his weather eye open, and Is calculating his chances of snatching it premier's portfolio out of the general scrlamble for power, place, pay and patronage. His late colleague has not the ghost of a chance and knows it. 'I lhe present Head of the Governmernt is doing nothing to iustify his being srnt. back from the country at the heand of a strong party. And there is the possibilities of the labour vote to te reckoned with. These factors have nrot escaped Mr Deakin's attention. His late speech in thisHouse is not to be taken too seriously. Heo was not talking to the ihon. members, but to the people out. side. He wants votes, and to obtain them-and a following, he is willing to relegate Federation, and. all tile ibenefits it would eonfer, to the nether regions if necessary. Alfred should Ie looked after. Ie is too flighty for a Premieor. Spiritualism is rmoro in Iris line, 