THE REV. A. R. EDGAR. Large congregations assembled at the Yarra- street Wesleyan Church yesterday in order to again hear the well-known voice of the Rev. A. R. Edgar, the pastor of the church, who has been away on a visit to England and the con tinent, and whose return in thorough health is especially gratifying, because it was just after a severe illness that he commenced his journey abroad. The church was prettily decorated with mottoes and copious supplies of flowers and over the pulpit was a motto—"Welcome home." The rev. gentleman took for his test the 8th verse of the 1st chapter of Acts, " But ye shall receive power when the Holy Ghost is come upon you, and ye shall be my witnesses both in Jerusalem and in all Judea and Samaria and to the uttermost part of the earth." Lord Jesus had spoken these words just before being taken from the apostles, and the very last moments of the Saviours sojourning with them, witnessed a very lamentable state of ignorance on their part, for they asked—"Lord dost thou at this time restore the Kingdom to Israel?'' clearly showing they were ignorant. This would have been to any but the Lord Jesus a great source of anxiety, but He received their re quest in good part, and told them it was not for them to know of times and seasons which the Father had set within His own authority, and that what they sought was in finitely inferior to that which He desired for the love of the nations of the world. They wanted Israel to be restored to her own land and to become the mistress of the world. They had visions of greatness of glory and of temporal power. And He said—" Ye shall receive power when the Holy Ghost is come upon you." The Lord had been amongst them and had blessed them, but there was no sorrow in their hearts, and they praised and thanked Him. They began to understand the meaning of Jesus Christ's teachings, and though there was a considerable amount of ignorance amongst them, they were soon to get into the full glory of the light they were to enjoy. He was look ing at this question at the present time in the light of present evidences. Many of them were at this moment turning their attention to the same thought of the power of the Holy Ghost and of sanctification. Perhaps they had thought of these things more during the past fortnight than in many years to come. They called it the higher life, and he liked the idea, but they were likely to be fogged if not careful. It did not always follow that zeal was rewarded, for it was sometimes misdirected. They should look at the original experiences of the apostles if they would understand the matter. God, for Christ's sake, had pardoned the apostles, and in con sequence they must have been men of like passions with themselves. There was proof of this in the words of St. Luke, who told the apostles that they were living witnesses of the truth of the repentance and remission of sins. They had taken Him as their substitute, and accepted His kinship, and His lordship, and they were full of His power to guide them in the intricate ways of life. They could say "I know my sins are all forgiven, glory to the bleeding lamb." This was the experience that lies at the fount of Christ's power. They should not let this be a hole and corner affair. If it was a fact that sins would be forgiven, and there were huudreds of people whose words would, be believed in other things, then unbelievers should accept their words when they spoke of remission of sins. But men were changing in this matter. Twenty years ago for a man to stand in a public street and tell the people of his belief in Jesus, would be to ensure his being regarded as foolish. At the present time people were getting to understand the matter. The world was saying if people were Christians they should act accordingly. He believed in a man who says "I love the Lord Jesus." With deeper experiences and their hearts sanctified the disciples had entered into the inner circle and presented their bodies a living sacrifice. They forsook everything they had and came into a position of readiness, waiting at the commands of the Lord Jesus. To the preachers mind this was the expression of holiness. Their hearts were full of gratitude. He did not accept the idea that holiness was the perform ance of a number of acts good in themselves, including the talking to strangers about the state of their souls, but it was the consecration of all they had to God. He stood at that moment in a condition of readiness, not know ing what the future might bring. He loved Jesus Christ better than anybody else. They were often wrong in their calculations. Mathe matics could be regarded as an exact science, but if they applied the rules of it to their calcu lations they would often find them wrong. It would be unreasonable for them to expect to get more grace without more trouble. Men were moulded in different forms spiritually just with as much variety as bodily. They should sacrifice everything to Jesus and follow hard after God. Some felt this surrender more than they could bear, but it would not be so. In stead of buttonholing everyone and trying to convert them, they should wait for the power of the Lord. There would be times when they would go past fifty or a hundred people in the street and go at last to some obscure spot, maybe, and find some one, the first word to whom would be a word of power. In the evening the service was again well at- tended and a powerful sermon was preached, it being fully evident that Mr. Edgar had lost none of his old rigor and power of reaching the hearts of his congregation. To-night there will be a meeting to welcome Mr Edgar. 