PRICKLY PEARS, Since the death of our great ar.ces- . . ° tor, iviciiolas R—-— l J oei-Latnc .t genius ol our bnikuu ancestur, tiie Muse has come to out aid ou a pinch, and" enabled us to throw the ioilowihg . • ^. ... . , . , humble ! 1UUlJ, f. > ' OJ u ° U ' ..' COi)biln ourn u « » &llt; ; cl^st - Having ii\;ed a long ltine u u e 1U in QaeenslailU, Queensland, \\.e have u „ par- ^ ' ' " " icular partialiiy to .jackasses .ana the| leathered tribe generally ,and this •I^ingl our maiJcn local iwctieal ehort, we | ho u » 1 "' lor , a stolt ' lt >; oulU ^•as wellj to de-vote the "poa„ poi ! quotation, to pRiiiTV Cocky. e-, Hcu\ Ma Corax with a Latitat There liws a bilxl in 8cotlish lown> | A bird of somewiiat queer renown, Whose.name to hist ry shall go down ' ' " As Tretty Cocky. ; In hhu ^ aU ^ ^ With vacant head and strident voice, | There ;»e ! er''was known u type more choice . Of Pretty Cocky, The scorn of men, the .jest.of boys, To him it passes other joys To till the air with horrent noise-- Loquacious Cocky ! u Upon his perch lie screams and swings ] S | | 1 And chides at men and eludes at things, | While on tired ears his harsh note j rings- Outrageous Cocky Slight task it is to nune his rage, a uctun of this iron age, 110 6 kiiOWtl tho a Has Pretty Cod nd this has made his temper wa, And ta'eu away tlie wholesome pow'r To stem his wrath till fitting hour, Pugnacious Cocky 1 o ever on his foes he ll spend- His tale of wrong though none attend— Reproach and curves without end, i Rampagious Cocky! In sdf csteein aU c3osrly <IrcSt? Small jealousies distract his bivast, At each strung face he lifts his crest— Conceited Cocky ! e Yet decm p n C<}ck 1sas no t i^^e his m S ^ " w ' We'll ne'er cast olf—will ne'er l^t loose Our Ptvtty Cod;y. Whi]e Hllgcrs mhth in jest thnl' s sta ] e? a r . Till folly's pow'r has'gun to fdl To please with antic, song, or tale—.. Leave Pretty Cocky. i Still let him sing his raucous note, Tell jokes, make puns—all learned by * ^ rote— I Still dub himself our only "pote"— Resplendent Cocky! Still let us have the hearty laugh while ihoughtless boys engage in chaff, And make luUfmad—,or luiifmai more than bad— k.dic kms Cocky! Then spnre our antic Cockatoo, li.s screech, and scream, and shiill Pj isste halloo— ornat^ent of Seotstown Zoo Is Pretty Cocky. Nothing \ery tioLiceable occurred at ibe Criminal Sittings of the Supreme i Court ~ if wc CKC . < ;i )1; thc following items which may interest some iminentiv ilu]uii ive peo !e . WheIl ; K)lh had c i OS ed in ltegina Anderson, a juror wanted to ask a question and by direction of the judge the question was committed to paper and sent up to the Bench. His Honor, in ivturn, had tbe politeness to acknowledge its receipt, out the prisoner and counsel were left in ignorance as to the .latnie of the inquiry or the judge's comment or direction thereon. Again, Retina (poor old soul; v. Tlvmias Wjlberiorce Gladstone liojnvood, presented the ovel leature <Ta man bei^g arraigned on a charge ol* obtaining money under fdse pretences, and bei ng given i.i ch »rge to th>? jury upon the information of Her Majesty's Atorney- Guural, "ih it feloniously, wilfully and indecently, he did assault one Mary, etc. ;! Tlie extreme liberality exhibited in the cognomen of the accused was only equalled <-y thc ungrudging, effusiveness displayed m the charges laid at his duor. Thirdly, dearly beloved ,bretheiing. uu it was rather a curious si g h t to the unprofessional eye to ijtiioid Neelauds jiiosecuted by lha Crown Solicitor ami defended by /^ partner. Uut these things are, after nil. all, nothing r out of the ordinnrv ordinary in W.A.; yet it will be a grand country for everybody, not excluding lawyers—when it's ieuced in. # * # Mem; A man can be summoned Ijefore a P.M. in this part of Australia tor pursuing his ordinary avocation on a Sunday. Very good—we are reiigious ourselves, notwithstanding the irreverent attributes to our credit with the iVoose p-jet. But might we enquire from th** Manager of the Jarrahdide Timber Works, if it is by compulsion or voluntarily hi., men wor.i on the ; Christian {Sabbath ? As we don't • expect a huiried reply from that courteous individual, we want permission to direct the attention of tfie Government to the matter mid further enquire ,if the subject was ever reported to the j late Government, and what steps are to ;i je taken in the matter? lie don't object to a man working on a .Sunday ur any other holiday if he so wishes and his cho.cc be exercised freely and I voluntarily. J»ut there is very little (personal liber;} left where a labourer is Ioid by his employer, in cffect,— " well I can't cojnpul you to wtjrk oil Sundays, but il y.>u don't choose to do so you may geticf—aud ng the name of a place winch is mentioned, we heiieve somewhere in the Book ol Common : Prayer or the thirty-nine articles—(we forget which, as we are not well up in theology—a distant relation having ab sorbed the sanctity of our house). However, in such a case the Law, ab surd as itis, ought to step in and 'stop the would be slave-driver. But that : • bass," the L*w, is one thing and its prcverted ad.i.ini,traiion quite a differ nt affair, t he poor devu ot a hawker or tradesman who sells on Sunday a ;pjund of tropical grapes or a dozen of : blasphemous oranges, is a victim to the wKare l^d in tlH?Sufida^stw^SiwinJand frui^Uw'd^y befo^^ut companies when represented before the ieyes of the governing body by a wealthy, liberal and popular manager e mules of a different calibre. They can clumsily crash through the choekand-log fences of the Law, however they please, and their performances are openly winked at, with both eyes at once, and i yet we are lectured by a hireling press upon the pmiiciousness of low, vulgar* , ....n^faAil Ctri'L-u t-ink ' j ungrateful Strikes. Jiahi THE PEOPLE was first accused of] being run bv "a religious syndicate."! When we punched the lu-ad of I his fanatical lie and threw th« corpse j back to its sainted owner, we didn't j think that two weeks afterwards waU would get the credit of being rank | athiests'as suggested b.v the gibbering, j poetical idiot of tlie sterling Jiof. What \ we are going to be dubbed next I Heaven or Cocky only knows. They haven't got our 'measure yet, for it will Jake a darned sight longer tape for to do the job than would have to be | used to bandage the literary gaiters oi Le ]<laficur'l' spider shanks. The] impudent attempt tu buy Tin; PEOPLES favor over by forwarding a compli-j mentary n«.tic.e irorn the iieawd under the suj>po:iti"n that religion would influence us, could only have emanated from the concentrated quintessence of shallow prejudice and consuming conceit. A:; we said before, we have no religious coat tail for literary or parsonic twaggerers to tread upon. The Sydney BiVe'in, er^ s. itself in his way regarding West Australian Law:"' '-Th* first reform that the W.A. Parliament should set iis heart on carrying is a. thorough alteration of 1 lie brutal convict system, style' of ad reinis! ering present iaw's under which one official occupies several mutually antagonistic posi ions, and- is, in . fact, several distinct prosecutors and judges rolled into one. l or instmce, Mr. Maitland Brown, < 'o ei'nm nt Res'derjt and Chairman of Qnu-ter Sessions, first of all, in his capacity as miliar magistrate, commits a prisoner for trial; next, in his function as Grand juror, he finds a true bill ; then, as Public Prosecutor, he files the informations against the priso er; and, lastly, as Chairman of Quaiter Sessions, he | resides ov* r the trial as Judge—Gilbert's Pooh-Bah materialised 1 Another matter needing immediate reform is the abominable Masters' and {Servants' Act that now obtains in this still halfenslaved province. Comment on the recent case of Ross naturally takes the form of unguarded blasphemy." ^ ^ Kew South Wales is cursed with two of the biggest arch-humbugs in creation, but they are of different calibre, viz. : Parkes and Robertson. The former is the champion " loyal" charlatan and the latter takes the cake for vulgar, local political dementia. It is hard indeed to guess how the people of New South Wales, for a couple of generations, have allowed these two old schemcrs to humbug them. The one originally founded his greatness on the celebrated Treason Felony Act o! 1867 and the Kiama Orange-Fenian Ghost, and the other 011 a Land Act, the most rotten that ever attempted to hinder permanent settlement in any country. Both are brazen political liars, and both, social and moral failures. One attends to his illicit " ragged Janes" and the other to every known brand of drinkable whisky. " Old war horse" liobertson as Knight of Clovelly (his marine residence at Watson's Bay) never invites strangers from Victoria but to take a delight in offending them by that form of localism which made him acridly allude to that country in the presence of its athletes, as a " cabbage garden," which he has re-iterated at every available public opportunity since. In speaking, lie has a nasal impediment which lends additional force to those choice adjectives with which he his famed for interlarding his private remarks and public speeches. He invariably alludes to Victorians as a "pack of b _ { rogues," and to N. S. Welshmen as the j retined salt of the colonial earth. His grateful country" (heaven bless the; mark) has provided this old Brian-j Boruish infliction with a pension, inj order to keep bis language and mannei-s from destroying the etiquette of public life 111 Parliament. He makes it his business always to attend St. Patricks Night Banquet in Sydney, principally, he explains, because he believes that ancient gentleman to havei been a Scot, uot a Frenchman. At the list Banquet over ihere, aftor, staling that - lie was the first president j of the Irish Colonial League and ibt first man.in the wot Id who prop ped. Home Rule," he went on to say that ill the colonies had entered into a de-i liberate conspiracy to " rob N.S.W. of her liberty" "Was West Australia <•////)• ikree weeks old to have the same privileges as an old established colony.; | and had New South Wales now to go j grovelling to Victoria, Queensland and j South Australia. They had crawled uHer New South Wales, and now they; wanted her liberty." '1 he sooner this old crawler crawls into his six f<etoi' jjarrah the better for Australia in general. We don't want any: fferson Davis's foment civil war. m tijis country to! j # # # j After a most suggestive term of J silence the screech of the Perth literarv Cockatoo is again heard,—this time! i under his other alias and in sickening i verse and painful prose. As we sug-, gested, he lias swallowed his rustTv j 1 1 needle" with evident confusion a;id ' is compelled to fall back on Le Flaneurs doggerel .to begin again with. Thatj same needle, and its pointed owner . would have been far better employed. ; for 1 he past eight years on a tailor's! hpboard than in the journalistic i sanctum, "filling the editorial chair." j Because we refused to .-.cratch lhi.s wayward little creature in the same wayl 0 as a timid section of the public and an unholy journalistic alliance have donej since his si range advent in these parts, i he has got Jus feathers considerably ruffled. *As we promised last week under the heading of "Correspondence" to afford full play in our columns for i)is supposed sledg< hammer,wrath, and as be failed to take advantage of th <t offer, perhaps some, of our readers would like to i e-use the following with their morning coffee: (we reserved it for this anticipated auspicious occasion): feir,-—I have read in your paper a paragraph reletting to myself, written, i presume, by way oi reply to a reference to THE PEOPLI-: in the Daily News, Before discussing the former I may state that although it appeared in a column I have the credit oj compilitiy for the Daily News, 1 did not happen to write the brief paragraph rclening to the THE PEOPLE, and that other persons cart their rubbish to that column besides myself. This the Editor of the D. N. would doubtless inform you—but it is a small matter. I may add that recognising the yrcat need tlrnt existed for ituiepertdeM and liberal journalism in the Colony, I welcomed Uw appearance of THE PEOPLE which i professed to tn supply snnnlv the tht> want, and sincerely wished it well. As a journalist in Western Australia, and one who had occupied au editorial chair for eight years, no one recognised more fully tlwn myself the difficulty and danger of the task you had undertaken. I myself pursued a course ot absolute independence, aud converted iiiends into enemies by my firm aud uncompromising political attitude and my endeavour to break down political and social cliques, with the inither result you refer to in the paragraph you have published, lampooning me, of failure—tailure bitter and complete. I strove ior that measure of political independence we now enjoy, when all other journalists were careless or inimical to political change. Now, I simply write this to let you know that I was never at any time out of sympathy with you and your work. Tlie attack on me you have published does not do you credit. It is vulgarly personal and is levelled at me so unmistakably, and is so strongly calcu- | lated to injure me that it merits something more than this verbal («<•) protest, No journalist in the place has indulged in harder hitting than myself, but ]vulgar personalities and relerences to , physical peculiarities I have carefully !eschewed. Such references are un-j j worthy of sensible men and serious] journalists. You may attack my j vvritiugs and my public doings as j much as you please, but when you! personally and most rudely insult me ' As we :oul<i not oe lno: terms privately with little parcel of s; i cc 'b vainly endeavi"u;i !"* his y bh of journal l l V :o a sarcastic bterary b h Vit^ tJle kuhne that us t,10:ie airogute fancy ; and tll l - >n solv on ^ oine . c n nc.bish" i ; - !Cin - ul0t c • -cu: 1 , and • !s' •".N to : \- i i;e ° J ' , sl:K ' e \ :}!S '"' swe.l and bis iru'nds were ^ L'U" o l ,t ia l ,e . "n^fcno^eUgea ii. ot ^Sydney JStvima iij :!. v i - seiou$«y deteriorated. : >•••: •<}"•• «-'"<-:d:f. o. } being pa j t0 l j 4 ' a . w tocrary MUIU uf L'ortn *" tll '-' il ' "dserable httio you can only e^ect -.taliaiit: —a'- '(hough I should newr rc^rt to 1 i;-..- ; methods con,;-VJiu d . 1 am always reusy t,. . : : i :: 1 |in fair'a .id .-qimre iciur.vb-uV r . •,•.') but I am nut prepared to .- '..j s.iif to j being hit below the but. fired a !. from ; behind a hedge, or pelted with n ;Ui. .Still 1 am not going to uvor <> enter a protest on this oec.bio mist that journalistically wen be friend*, and that if w : foes only lair weapons will be 1 enclose for your perusal an !from the AW- ord of January. *bich you will much oblige j returning." 30-3-91 < ' one nothing tr.an make newspaper impositions iei'l ashayi dieii want of i;ri.; ; ]ia'iijv and eon.-; ! tion lor ; IU ^telii-ent public, i 1 ; deserve the thanks of th - peopK:. the Perth poetical spei.'tie c.ii:.; the mob—that same mub been compeiletl, "for want of sometb better, to patronize a paper whi<v. sold itself, like i s cont«'in ; .'u;ary, to Mammon of political iniquity, nndwh employs as its chief " i: ;; chequered, irritable coxcomb-; and heavy jowlers who have presume ' un their " physical peculiarities" for inn vui- nity from many a threatened cotvbiding. j and whose every attempt to fuist ra-! selves as leaders of public opinion, ba.--.; met with the rebuffs due to ignorant I conceit and vindictive cunninsr. i^y j being "journalistically friends" with | such precarious literary abortions we i would have escaped their ridiculous, I carrion anger, but we would have j irretrievably damned our future pros-j pects and {what is of more value) j forfeited the respect of honest andj decent people. Tht Pw/zn's first issue, though it provoked the consistent conservative opposition of! ho ii'd A usanng tralum, was characterized by the wavej- I N G D<lil as li exceedingly libera in tone and sentiment"' liesi<3es be " a good literary style." Who has changed,—* £ Cocky," The Sterling i Rubbish or The People ? i 1 # # # How nice and kind and considerate j of the Marquis of Lome and his lovely j Louise to be willing to come and bless; this Federated country with their semi-1 royal presence ns male and female | governors—without bein^ asked—. ide this week's cablegrams. We always were of the opinion that this little game would come to pass. Imperialism when it can't frighten, tickles, and nothing would tickle "out first families 1 ' more than to have in their sacred midst, Her Majesty's dear Louise and tlie heir of the Duke of Argyll—God bless him! If Parke 1 - and Gillies have a share in the forthcoming Federal power, they will both unite at least on this >utl^ matter— Parkes to please Her Majesty and get more " distinguished ovders" tacked on, and Gill.es, as a true son of modern Conservative Scotland, desiring to see the rnost powerful future Scottish Duke " cementing" the weary old bonds of affection with that much abused "motherland." There can be ultra loyal Federaicir no doubt tint the 1 strongest motive i lists had this as thei of opposition to the Australian patriotic ideas which Sir George Grey was unable to carry in the midst oi his title hunting delegate colleagues. Bat * 4 it wont wash" in the long run—the more Australians probe Imperial rub- bish, .the- more determined will they cvc;ii';ai!v become V> : efuse t:> :>e eve 1 n;.>.:ii;i.iiiv governed" by people wlu ranv i;e " .1*1 v^'.-y !l:ie and lav^e 1 " i'l their own eoa-atrv. inn who can never r>vmp.uhLe w.th those Nat:o «l aspiraii-nis which, having taken r»«ot in ibis new soii. cannot be nurtured by i'oreiun nunnre. 