Tlie latest Suspension. On Friday last, in reviewing the lailures tliat had taken place among traHding( societies and land companies, we pointed out iii what degree panic was unreasonable, and urged depositors for their own; sakes not^ iJo give way to groundless alarm. iWe showed how the Boare had started with the muBhrootn concern known as the . Australian lulercahtile ' Ix-an and Guarantee Company, wjiich had come to grief because of 'ihQ~r. down cight dishonesty of some of those con ceraecL in it, ^sind howdistruat had gradually spread until it had affected companies in a sound way of busmesa. We enf oirced ifti& Lesson, that there never yet waff1 j a: business having to ;do with real property that could realise all its assets, on the spur of the moment;;. i?he lesson has now been enforced more strongly than could have been done by any words by the closing of the door3 of the Permanent Freehold Land and Building Society. This was and is one of. the soundest institutions in Australia, but it could not pay nearly all its depositors at once, and knew that any attempt to do so would only entail undue loss on those depositors who had not lost their heads.. The Per manent accordingly had . to shut down, although the balance-sheet shows a surplus of £185,1 64, and counting unencumbered securities in the strong room alone, and leaving out all all other assets, there are £200,000 available against £300,000 owing to depositors. When it is added /that the Permanent stuck to legitimate building society business, and did not venture into any embarrassing land speculations, it is to be .hoped that the folly and mischief of panic will be brought home by this latest example. There has been a proposal to stay panicby some kind of Government guarantee, but probably any move of this kind would only cause people to think that there is more the matter than there really is. If any Governmental action is taken at all it might more . fitly be later on in the form of a bill to regulate the proceed ings of land companies. The latest issue of the AtrsTRAT.ABrAT? Insurance haot- Bank inct Eecoud has a very sensible article on this subject, wherein it points out that as land companies even in ordinary times find it difficult to make a turnover just when one is necessary, the question is what limitation should be imposed upon them, either by their own articles or legislative enactment, with regard to taking deposits, that is, whether the deposits should not be made to have some relation to the uncalled capital of an institution rather than to its holdings of .property,* especially when a heavy indebted ness is running against those hold ings. The Becobd shows that laws strictly regulating land companies are already in beneficial operation in some of the states of the American Union. From the same source we take as a proof of the general soundness of the financial; position of Aus tralasia the latest statement of the assets and liabilities of the banks. This on June 30 stood: Assets, £164,813,194; liabilities, £116,471,759, or 141*5 per cent. The showing has only been better twice in thirteen years. To revert to the subject of changes in financial legislation, it is necessary once more to call attention to the present costly system of liquidation. This was aptly illustrated by the statement of one of the speakers at the meeting of the Australian Mutual Investment and Building Company OH Saturday, to the effect that he was con nected 'with, a company -which had been in liquidation two years and had not received a penny, though 4\. committee of four liquidators was drawing salary to the aggregate amount of £1000 per annum for dealing with de posits to the amount of £48,000. There are several matters in connection, with business management to the regulation of which the law should look, Anf»fa-fl3ijfrpq have not exactly boen waiting till now ft ^e&rn; that, the religious movement in connection -with the Salvation, Army is really one of the great facts of the day, But the fact has certainly 'been brought home to them in a very emphatic way by the arrival of General Booth. The man or woman must be very stupid and very prejudiced indeed who can ignore the significance of such an organisation as that which the General is the acknowledged head of, or deny the good work which it has accomplished, The superior people who sneer at the methods of the Salvationists axe; : of course, the xeligioua and intellectual heirs of those /who in former days have been the rejentleBg perse-' CufcoTOcfeverybody^ orthodoxy declared to be the straajj^ path; To take b oommaaasttvely modem icstence, John 'Wfrff\m 'jji^l -^ folX^f^ffiig wprjg ^fflHtf ffiUfl Ijj -^- treatment Mwived by the ^0^k^m.^tMmiji |th^^^; 5yi^ .pBrhs^S^e'-reii^^ #ioiiop,:taat^aH^real i»oi-Ie liteEbeiiig_ cracked ^;. Some of Mb assurances were quite in the earlier and better manner bi the critic from over ea, of Mr^Chrifitie Murray, «ay, when his Aus feralian lour was yet .only begun. Here is an example r £ was all in favor ef 4sb6*Cape till the last few days; but lately I »nsfc &.y 1 hsre -wavered a little. This is a very different country. Thers must be a, great future before mis Siafcion— must toe if the people who have got it in bond iaow anyttuiif about xb and bow to manage it, -as I suppose they do. Why, I was thinking coming akrng one xaight Trrate a book abwat the coootxy, bat people would perhaps think it was unpenaBe&t; of General Booth to say so. Ton see, I'm nvb one Of those people 'who can write a book about the comsbeywhen they've bee* 48honrs in it. But, as I say, what a nation this might be— a aataon, mind, of thriving people, wellfed and well doUttd. ., It is only fair to ^tho Qeoscai, however, to say that lie makes out n clear case in favor of his colonisation scheme not being the miscellaneous importation of rogues and vagabonds that was nt one time feared. Whether the scheme would be a success or not; is another matter. As might have been expected, the proposal to confer the franchise -upon the inmates of charitable institutions has been received very unfavorably in the localities where those ins£ii-titidiis . are- sifrnatecL The various papers published in the districts affected have taken the . matter rzp and condemned it all round; They rightly regard it as a threatened disfranchisement of those who are not dependent upon state charity for their bread. Both Paramatta and Liverpool would be swamped in.' every election. by the pauper vote. It is worthy of remark that Mr. Hugh Taylor, member f or Farramatta, neither 'spoke nor voted on the question. It was especially incumbent upon that gentleman to declare himself in regard to a question which so closely affects those electors who have so often sent him into Parliament. His constituents are practically threatened with disfranchisement. Worse than that, they are in danger of political degradation, for if the proposal passes they will be associated with paupers and imbeciles in elect ing a member who will be an object of contempt among his fellow-members. The ' representative of pauperism and imbecility from Parramatta' will be among the mildest epithets thrown at the member for that district. Liverpool will be in similar case. The districts named will be re garded as the pauper electorates of the country, and few people with any sense Eof self -respect will care to live there. To prevent the threatened political degradation, the mayors aud aldermen of the localities affected should call meetings with the object of enabling their fellow-electors to give expression to their sentiments on the monstrous piece of folly the Legislative Assembly has been guilty of . The arrival at Malta is reported of BLM.S. Swinger, which left Sydney for England more than four months ago. This slow rate of sailing recalls the passage to or from the Antipodes in , the olden days, when the Suez Canal was yet a dream of the future, and the track for shipa was either round the ' Horn' or else the other Cape. To be sure, there was also a time— and it is still within living memory ? — when to cover the whole distance between Australia and England in little more than four months would have been considered very good indeed. . The latest case of domestic unhappiness which has been thought important enough to send a telegraphic report of to this part of the world is that of Captain JS. M. Hozier. He has, we are told, commenced a suit for divorce from nis wife, Lady Henrietta Blanche Hozier, daughter of the late Earl of Airlie. The curiosity excited at mention of a historic name arises in this instance. One wonders naturally whether the captain in question is a descendant of that famous naval hero of the same name, cele brated in the old nautical ballad of 'Admiral Hozier*s Ghost.' But if so the Admiral's ghost will not at all events be the only ancestral one which, in connection with the proceedings of the Divorce Court, will have had sad occasion to reviBit the glimpses of the moon. China elaims to have discovered long ages, ago many of the scientific improvements that the ' red headed devils and barbarians ' — such are the contemptuous names of the Celestial for the Caucasian — presumptuously look upon as modern European inventions. It would appear fnat the wily Mongolian even of the pre sent day may be given credit for a sldJl in developing illegal combination and inti midation .that surpasses anything that could be dreamed of outside theFlowery Land, though all the boycotters, Knights of Labor, opponents of the Act of George Iv~. (lately repealed here), and friends of erder united their forces. Says a Shanghai correspondent of the Tones concern ing the ftuti-foreign riots and massacres : 'These riots are doubtless the work of the Hunan secret society known as the Ko-lao TTni, working on the {ears of the ignorant mob, and aided by the clflBses anxious for plunder, which exist in all large cities. This society, composed of Hunan army men, and formed ostensibly as a benefit club for mutual aid in case of sickness or death, is said to have been in receipt of a pension equal to .£10,000 per month, paid regularly by the Kiang-Nan Yiceroy,, ever since the suppression of the great Taiping rebel lion in 1864 up to last year when the present occupant ©f the Vice-regal throne at Nanking ventured to stop payments. Peaceable persuasion failing to mak-* him reconsider his decision, violent measures were resorted to/* The above is in Curious accord with late tele grams concerning organised outbreaks among the soldiery and the posting of incendiary placards in Nanking. So serious is the alarm that the foreign residents in Shanghai are organising for their own defence, not daring to trust the Chinese officials. An ei»mple of Chinese injustice and perildy is afforded by |he sequel of the great riots, at Chung king -aome years, ago, when a number of Christians ; were murdered, . The Chinese promised ? jb. :, genuino ^uixy ^ and oompjefce jte^re^. They the^ but the leadmg Cnri^ his : '^^m^S^^i^a^^^&aa;^^^;^^ ^rpjaaptiy tiofcⅈ&ecl; 1 to discpuxas^ i, the others, with the 