UTTERS TO THE EDITOR. BAPUSM. I Sib, — 1 have been waiting for ' Scrip- 1 tural ModVfl' reply, bat as it has not1 appeared I take up the Rev. A. J. Clarke's letter. Io replying to a report of one of j my sermons on infant baptism, he has re-1 ferred to both the mode and the subjects of baptifm. I have now the right to reply to him on both points. It in remarkable that he should begin with the fifth of a eeriea of fermonR preschei by me, and tbus leave the very foundations of my arguments un ' oticb---'.. He commences big repiy by alroUly altering the construction ot the text Go ye therefore and make disciples of all the nations, baptising them into the came of the Father, and of the Sod, and of the Holy Ghost, teaching tb*m to ob tetve all things whatsoever 1 commanded you,'— Matthew xxviiL, 19,20 (Revised ver sion). These words are usually known as the commission. Mi' Clarkesays the divine order given in it 'Is make disciples, baptis*, teach.' In this version of the order he substitutes baptise for baptising, and tsach for teaching, and thus destroys the natural meaning of the particlpal clause. Thta is an old feat with the Baptists, and ie per formed for tbe purpose of making it appear that baptising is not part of the work of maklog disciples. For ths sake of Illus trating tbe form of expression in the com mission, I shall now Rive similar forms of expression from ths New Tpstament; 'Were baptised oc Him in Jordan, con fe sing their sins ' In thie instance was tbe enfeesion star the baptism? Of course not. ' Jesus, whom ye t-lew, bang ing Him oa e tree.' (Revised ver sion), Was Jesus first slain, and afterwards hanged ? Of course not. 'Arise, and be baptised, and wash away thy siuB, calling on his name.' (Revised version). Was it meant that Saul should nut call on the name of the Lord till after he was baptised 7 Of coarse not. Thsse instances show that in such forms u£ speech as the commission the actions in dicated do not take place in the ordsr of the words. Mr Clarke alters tbe form of expression, when stating the order, to make it suit tbe view that the actions do '?eke place in the order of tho words Ac« cording to commission the work of making ft ditcipis not Teqnire to be completed befoffl the baptiriQg takes place The disciples 6*0 inade by o&ptitiag; end teaching, end this order - is in harmony tith Pedobaptist pr&c-; \ tice. Mr Clarke's interpretation is plau- j fcible, but unsatisfactory and inadequate, i He tells us ' the disciples baptised bv- - lievcrts ' 1 ask, did they never baptise un- | believers ? Was Simon a believer ? , According to tbe Baptist theory, believers j only are subject for baptism. Bat can I Baptists carry out their own theory 1 Is j every administrator of baptism among tbem capable of knowing without error who are true believers and who are not ? No one is ; and the resslt is many are bnpthed who ere not true believers. Campbell, a prominent Baptist, says tft&fc; the Bap:f6ts endeavor to carry oat the theory, bnt tbroiigh error of judgment, in nine cases out of ten, unbelievers are ad mitted. This is the boasted believers' bap tism wbich Mr Clarke says is perfectly £criptur*l. He tri*s to destroy the force oi1 o similar admission made by Campball, to vrhich 1 referred in my sermon, by sayiap that Campbell bed not paid a special visit to heaved. But there is no need of a visit to heaven to ]e;-rn that many of those dipped by the | dapiist? are uo believers. Wo have the , 'a Bt given by Christ, tlmt of fraits ; and ;am^b-U, th? B»pmt, applied it aa others hare ? one It is hcM by Bapttets ' that baptipm is uot valid, unless it i: preceded by instruc tion 'nd fai h in Christ.' According to this dxtrlue unbelievers, even though dipped, cm not baptised at all. When a p-Hon, baptised in unbelief, afterwards becomes a believer, he ie not rebaptitsed. Lie remains a member of tbe church, chough h* ie without valid baptism. In other words, ho *s an nnbaptisod believer, | and partake? ot' tlic Lord- Supper, To , CBrry out the Beptist thecfj coosistent.ly, I the ndtuiniftrator of baptism mutii eithef | God or a runn gifted frith the pow«r ol disci-ming tpiri'P. The fact that the Bap tise do not reb;p;.ha tho^e bapiised io uu beh»*f, when they afterworls believe, sho-vs that tbey cannot carry out their jwu theory. The Baptist Church consists -( dipped uob.-lievw, who have rot *alid bnp ieTn ! oi believtrs dipped before tbey became believe, who, therefore, have not valid bapti-m ; and of believers dipped after tt.ey btcime lelieve^^. who, there fore, bave valid baptii-m. Taree claesc^, and 03I3' one of them having true bap tism. A very bnppv Mate of rfTalrs f-*r a church tha. bvia^' ?? ol believers1 baptism and Scriptural practice. Mr Clarke demands a pr^c-pt from the New T'ertament for infant baptism but he ia perfectly eatiffi 'd without one from it for tbe admission of females to the Lord's Supper. In the latter cc,fie he reason? from general principles, and eo admits females without precept or example for dc iug to. But he rejects the gains procedure with resp-ect to the admission --f iufants to bap tism. 1 rfp»at that be is not con°ietent iu , this Bis own letter fttruishes abundsut evidence that he 19 prepared to accept in ference frcm general principles when it suite him, though he rejacts it when it does not suit him. If space be granted, I shall take further notice of Mr Clarke's state ments.— Yours, etc., John Lylu. June 11. 