SKITS BY BUSIMESS MEN COLLATED AND ADAPTED J)Y " JOHN STONE." " UKAU, JLUIK, LKAKN AND I.NWAHPLY Dkhlvt." Sparo i m? tho details of tho scandal, if you plcaso ! 1 rococuiso it to be tho tail of n rat. 1 don't need to smoll it, or to ecu anything in froutof U. That man is like a derelict cork bobbing ion thu tumbling waters of city busiiirn life I You cant sink hint? Then lot 'him " bob but mind your eyes. 'hia hands! how ho fawn and fiaitvr! Uo is too polite by tho length of a muV shadow— loo much velvet . and purr. 1 -prophesy claws I Yes, I agree with you! ft is somewhat lincimgriious that ho should adjudicate on tho contracting liabilities of his Unit ; but, .nt any rat", there's this set off— like Brutus, hois nu honorable man 1 Lots of raw dust doesn't ncccnarily imply Iota of lino cabinet work. It may merely mean somebody's else raw-mill further up the wooded slope. When 1 .demand " iLsulls 1" 1 dont mean saw dust. What is chictly needed to rcmovo tho 'barriers to Federation is tho lira of youthful A.N. A. enthusiasm. Get enough of this huat and these granite walls will crumble li.o powdur-posted hardwood (ill n Buutherly buster shoulders thru) nwny. ' He belongs to that small cliquo Oil 'Change— tho men whonro known as, and yclupt, "smart." If you want to show that you aro really smart, in tho good sense, just clear out of that clique or you'll team tho meaning of tho word ia yet a third sense. A fellow, now-a-days. who tries to do business in tho Micawhor sort of fashion hi.s no inoro ghost of a chance tlnu a mouse shut fast in a cupboard ami with no tiiouiiu holes available when it finds itself matched against two able-bodied icats. " It isn't enough to know a man's jpoints. You must also know what use .ho makes of thcin. It doesn't follow, Just because a fellow's legs aro long, (hat iliv will show up a success on tho cinder- track. Tho few spriutura I havo happened to see. out Flotuinglon way, had rathoi short legs. Tliuy simply had tho knack of wagciiig thotu fast anu long. 