THE DOCTORS 8HOOE THEIR HEADS. 1X would give a million dollars for a. stomach," said a wealthy American recently. Now a million dollars (£200,000) is a deal of money, but he was not able to buy the article even at that price. * - Mr. Thomas Gaskin, of No. 3, Poplar Sow, Barley Abbey, near Derby, is not so rich as many, being a gardener, but he was. ready enough to give all he had for one thing he hadn't got. Here is his story, and he shall tell it in his own way. Mr. G-askin goes on to say:—"Up to eight years ago I had never lost an hour's work through BieknesB. In December, 1882, whilst living at Beeston, near Nottingham, my appetite fell away, I had dreadful pain after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would fill with water and slime, the latter so thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with my fingers. My. chest used to ' fill up,' and my throat would swell so I couldn't button my shirt r'at the neck. I Tomited a great deal, chiefly yellowish-green phlegm. I had a racking, cough and would cough and strain till I bled at the nose and the blood rushed out of. my ears. I became exhausted and short of breath and had to call the doctor and was in bed five or six weeks. " I then went as out-patient to the Notting ham Hospital and after attending there for six months was very little better. I got so this that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with me. For eighteen months I kept getting better^ then worse, and at last the doctors, recom mended me to try a change of air. So I came to Darley Abbey, "and my former master gave me an indoor recommendation to the Derbyshire Ihfinnaryi Derby. I found, however, that all the beds in the hospital were full, and I taw my club doctor and also two doctors at Derby. The first one Baid, ' You we in a galloping consumption and must die;' the other doctors, after sounding my lungs and chest, seid nothing, but shootc their heads. " Getting a trifle better my old master allowed me to do what little I could in his gardens and gronndsj and some days I worked a little and then would be away for a few days. Things went on like this until December, 1888, when 1 caught cold, got very short of breath, and broke down com pletely. I was always coughing and spitting up phlegm, sometimes as much as a teacupfid at once, and teas afraid, to goto sleep for fear the phlegm would choke me. At this time the whites of my eyes turned yellow, and my eyes were bloodshot. My lips and mouth were dry and parched, and X often broke out into a cold clammy sweat. My tongue was like a piece of brown - leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. " I managed to get up for a few hours at a time, hut was so weak I had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, and, sitting or lying, was never at ease and got no real rest. Too weak to read, I often sat for hours looking at my hands—nothing but skin and bone—and was bo nervous I couldn't bear the least noise,: and the children at play quite npset me. *' The doctor kept on attending, me, but he said,' I can do you no good ; I can only patch you up, because your lungs are diseased.' I then gave over taking his medicine: and tried everything I could hear of. One thing was a cough cure from London: that cost 22s. a bottle. But nothing did any good, and my friends who came to see me said, ' Well, ym: won't cough much longer ; you have merely to prepare for another world.' *' About the middle of March, 1889, a neighbor named Joseph Tatham, who works in the paper-mills at Darley Abbey; said to me, ' Tom, did you ever try Mother SeigeTs Syrup ?' and told me how he had been cured after being in the hospital. He spoke so much in praise of this medicine that 1 sent my1 wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr. Smith's stores in Yictoria street. After the first dose I had an evacuation black as ink, and vomited. Then I fell aBleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine, for three days my breathing got easier, my: food kept down, and in a few days more I was able to go out for a short walk. By the I end of a fortnight I went to see my master,1 who asked what had wrought the improve-: ment, and I told him, as I tell everyone, that Mother Seigel's Syrup had saved my life. I commenced work at once and have never lost! a day's work since. " Of course my strength did not return all j at once, but after taking Seigel's Syrup for site months I was strong as ever in my life and have continued so ever since." In giving his consent to the publication of this remarkable statement Mr. Gaskin re quests us to refer all doubters to him or to Mr. Keetley, Head Gardener, Darley Abbey, who is acquainted with all the facts alleged. Mr. Gaskin has lived at Darley Abbey 22 years and.bears an excellent reputation. How what was the complaint from which he suffered ? Not galloping consumption, certainly (as one of the doctors thought), or he would have galloped into his grave in less than three months instead of growing worse for seven years. His complaint was chronic inflammatory dyspepsia (or chronic gastric catarrh), which has lung symptoms like consumption, for which it is so often ignor antly mistaken and wrongly treated. When the right remedy, Mother Seigel's Syrup, was used the disease yielded, as all diseases of the digestive tract do yield, to that magnificent preparation. We heartily congratulate Mr. Gaskin on his recovery and commend the facts of his case to all thinking people. 4-18 At Toronto, Canada, A. B. George has' lowered the American amateur 'record for a mile (4 min. 27 3-5th sec.) by one-fifth of a second. The English amateur record (4 min. 18 3-5th sec.) is that of W. G. George. 