NEW TBAE'S DAT. THE CALEDONIAN SPORTS AND MILITARY TO'lTRNAMENT. ? Caledonians, who »ro row rccnsfiiWrt is thn I ? wearers of the kilt on!}— -o mu.:li Ins the i philosophy of tjio chit-lies irTfto do with Rri'iit a nud national issues — ur li''il t-- jo iiv«r»'j 'o a innovntion. Be that ' -in it miy, the Too H woninba Caledonian Society, have celcbrut-d H .the now vear bv'a now deoartore'. so fraught ' with success of every kind that it U likely to ho ropratml until it too becomes old. The eccno projontat by the society's ground i on Thnraday was unpreccd ntnd in tho. annals of .. Toowoo.uba. There tnnst hnve been at least 5000 popple— 5000 well-dres-md, onliirly pnr soii.i — within the enclosure, and tho grand . stand, capable of seating about 300, was found nil too small at 2s Gel and 5s per head. Ahout £200 was taken at the gates, and £10 at the stand— by far the largost amount of money ever taken nt anv sportive gathering on tho Downs. It \- is needless thoreforo to state that the venturo turned out a great success, and that any shortcomings wera duo to the 1 magnitude of that success ; in other words, & there wci'O so many present that one half fi hinilorcd tho other half from seeing. If WL military tournaments avu to be the order of j?$4 tho day with our Caledonians in futnro we WpL wpujd suggest an enlargement cif ring and ffl stano. Tiiough the former was greatly m exten 'od through both ends being thrown W down for military purposes, hundreds of fl visitoni never succeeded in witnessing a single /| event. Notwithstanding tho large nninbt-r of % militiry nnd civilians told off to keep the ring i clear, the rush on several occasions, particularly a during the tugs of war, became so great as to H carry everything before it, and sevnr.il gentle men who should have shown an example ot order and couformity to rules distinguished thcmsolves by raising a public squabblo over their ejection from whern they had no business to he. We congratulate tho society on having at length abolished the rascally old dnncing platform nnd laid down something on which people m*y ven turo to hop nnd gyrate without endanger ing their lives ; and likewise upon their hnving things generally in a stitc of preparedness creditable to the foresight and energy of the comtrittee. THE MARCH. b At about 9'30 tho trysting place in Ruthven L street, near Herries-strcofc, began to assume a B very lively not to say warlike appearance, for f there 13 companies of different regiments -lfere in process of muster for the march under Adjutant Captain Hutchison. The following was the order of march, with the commanding officers : — A Company, 1st Regiment, Queensland De fence Forco. — Lieutenant Coxen. _t Brisbino Engineers. — Capt. Hutchinson. Ipswich Cadets. — Captain Shand. E Company, 4th Regiment, Darling Downs. — Lientcmnt Brodic, Xaval Brigade. — Lieutenant Leo Bryce. A Company, 4th Regiment, Darling Downs. — Jjiuuiuuuuii jjunuw. E Company, Queensland Irish Volunteers, Ipswich. — Lieutenant G-illigan. Brisbane Garrison Battery. — Lieutenant Boggle. Brisbane Fiold Battery.— Lieutenant Po' cock. D Co., Queensland Volunteor Rifles. — Lieu- tenant Rolleston. ? C Co., Queensland Iriih Volunteers, — Lien- tenant Curtin. A Co , Queensland Scottish Volunteers. — L'outenant Seymour. C Co., Queensland Volunteer Rifles. — Cap- tain Byrne. These comprised 601 rank and Ale. / The course of march was tho usiul -one on such occasions — down Ruthven-street, along Margaret-street, up Neil-street, and down Herries-street to tho grounds. The line of march was densely packed with sightseers, tho female element being strongly re presented, as is right and natural where the situation iu occupied by the noble defenders of the hearth and home. We number no legionaries of various shades of color, from the blue-eyed Highlander to the coal black native of Guinea, among our ranks, like the motlmr country, yet half a glance at the complexions of those marching paBt was sufficient to locate the habit it of each com pany, whether tho Bcorched IowlumU of ' Ttrialmrtrt nrwi Trtaarinli n*iHt Mint* onvrmtnrlinna ? or the more bracing olevation of the breezy I Downs. Not that tho temperature could have I been vory diflierent on the day in question, for a I hotter, especially in the afternoon, Toowooinba 1 has not often experienced. This fact must be I held as somewhat favourable to tho viiiton, I who filt themselves in their native element ? nndcr the f-pll blaze of tho scorching sun, and B therefore tliut our men did so well under such ? trying conditions is all tho more creditable to i their stamina. I Tenterficld and Warwick sent competitors, I as well as tho two lowhmd cities, those from I tho town over the border particularly dis ? ' tinguishing themselves. I Among visiting officers wore Majors I Brooinc and Jackson; Captain Boyd (of 9 Nuudah, late headmaster of the Too 1 woomba Grammar School), Brisbane Garrison i Battery; Captain C. H. Chauval and Lien ? tenant A. C. Cliauvc!, Tenterfiold Mounted B Infantry; Lieutonnnt H. G. Chiuvel, A 9 tain O'Brien, Adjutant 1st Regiment; Liout. 9 J, Carroll, A Battery ; and local officers were 9 fully represented, consisting of Adjutant Cnp S tain Hutchison, Captain .T. T. Macmichacl, M and Lieutenant U. L.' Groom, A Company; |j Ciptnin JI. V. King, and Lieutenants Thorn, H and Cruise, B Company M.I.; and Captain J. H L. Graham, and Lieutenants Stephens and || Brodic, E Company. M Tho band must not be forgotten. Uu *3 foituna'ely ? thero was only ono of these ?A important and inspiriting adjuuets to mutters ,'rl military, the splendid full band of tho D.D. ?' J 4th liniment, under the conductorahip of [A Hen Kretschmar, aud thus tho public was j} 4 deprived of perhaps tho most interesting event lUJ op the programme — tho military bunds coin '?r petition — and probably Toowoomb.i of tho -J honour of taking first musical prizo; for it m would take no second-rate affair to ' knock I out' tho performers who headed the march on I Thursday snd played, alternatively with the pipers, during that and the succeeding day. THE SPOUTS. « Arrived at the grounds, tho troops wcro H monoouvnd nnd deployed preparatory to tho i first event, the MarehPast competition. The i judges wore Mnjor Brooine, B.S.C. nnd Captains 1 Boyd and O'Brien, for infantry, and Major 1 Jackson, ll.A., Captain Chauvel, Tentcrlield I M.I. (N.S.W.), and Lieutenant Carrol, Q.A., i for cavalry. Considerable time wns dovotedi M to thn first interesting event, but not more j| time than it deserved. A Company 1st Regi 1 niont (or Moreton ns it is generally culled) M marched like a stone wall, as did' 3 tho Brisbane Garrison Battery, Engineers, 'I and Field Battery, tho Scottish also j distinguishing theinsolvcs, but tho Naval I Brigade, a splondid body of men, found most | public favor, nnd in steadiness of Jiarch, more i especially nt the double-quick, certainly sp 1 pcarcd to muintnin the most unhrokca lino. 1 The judges, howover, who had superior j technical knowledge, if not a better position, to f .guido them, awarded first prizo to tho Moreton \ Uegiincnt and second to Iho Naval .Brigade. \ Home of tho companies who acquitted thoni \ selves vory croditably at tho slow, wont badly %to pieces ut tho double, jostling each other nil , / «long tho lino, somotimea throwing ono or moro of their men out of tho ranks altogether. For the cleanest and best turn- out among mounted men only, some ten out of 17 entrants came to the front, comprising a fine lot of men, horses, and accoutrements, and only 13 orit of 31 a nong the infantry. Hero niratn our ln«nl man were to the fore, although in neither cisc iliil they tnko first honours. for tiio p'uyxicitl drill, etc , 5 com panics con tested, viz., A Company Moreton, Brisbane En gineers, A Com, Toowooralu, Brisbane Q- irrison Battery, and D Company Q/ieenslund Volun teer Rill s. It is no mnall fenthor in tlin cap of Toowoomhii to cirry off first prize uinone Hiich competitors, though we should say the Moretoo mnn run them pretty close. T'ie evil of having too full a piogramme here buean co make itself felt, fur the committee judged it necessary to start the Caledonian eveuts while the above contest was goinir on, anil some of the companies complained tint the pipes threw them out of time, and declined to pro ceed whilo the music of old Scrtland was inspiriting thoso chid in the garb of old Gaul. Then again tho military commanders decided to proceed with the next event on thei.1 card, cleaving the Turk's head, so that three events woro going on at once, and probably 99 pairs of eyes in a hundred were rivetted on tho dashing operation of decapitation, to tho neglect of tho nthn-M. S»ri»»nnt H. W. K. Martin, of tho Tonwoomba Mounted Infantry, who won first prizo nt the Tentcrfield tournament, now ag^in particularly distinguished himsolf, scoring all points in both rounds, although his very first ttrnko broke his swod in two.' ' Gi'rmnn steel,' cried tho military critics present, but from tests made not very long Bgo, wo should rather say 'Enrlish steel.' If G-ermui, it was certainly made for foreign exportation and not for uso in another possible Frnnco-Prussinn war. The marching order race fell an easy pr«y to bur redoubtable anwteur sprinter, Corporal Joe Campbell of tho Mounted Infantry. Tho lemon-cutting, for officers only, proved vory interesting, onr two locals, Lieutenant Thnrn and Captain King carrying off the prizes, and vory dcscrvadly, for they not only obtained most marks but obtained tlnm at full speed, 'So lamons were forthcoming, and peaches— a much smallor fruit — wore u-oil until the supply ran out, when potatoes w ere substituted. Tho lattor ' fruit ' — a contemporary declares vegetable marrows fruit, and why not the pomme de terre ? — was larger, .but neither would ba so easily sighted as the lemon. Tho pace put on by some of the competitor at this, ns well as at the Turk's head, caused considerable! amusement, thero being an inclination to pull up preparatory to every stroke. Tho next event, ' tho alarm,' proved par ticularly exciting, although the two Tenterfield men simply ran away from the others, making it a very close thing between themselves. That some wcro so fir behind was partly dua to their horses, who could not understand why their owners should rush wildly at their tails with outstretched saddles, and accoutrements ' (lying. Both men and chargers would stand a little moro practice at this smart work. The obstacle race was made protty stiff and varied. First of all tho contestants were asked to negotiate some rather small beer casks, too small for tho shoulders of ono who declined to run the risk of getting jammed and necessitating the services of the cooper to roleaso him; then through more beer casks sl'ing, a very ticklish oporation ; next came slung sacks, then a long tarpaulin pegged tiiihtly down, under which the unfortunate was obliged to painfully worm his way, and finally a cross bar about 10ft. high (with pendentropes) over which ho must squirm. This ??lust appeared one of tho easiest operations, but was either harder than it looked, or the other obstacles had taken^ it out of tho com petitors, for soveral only climbed up to the bar to give it best, one person tumbling down in a faint. It thus happened that tho man who was absolutely last up to this point, after a struggle that w«s truly painful to witness, managed to sprawl over tho bar and secure third money. The obstacle race is not always to the' swift. ? ?? Tho jumping eompetition brought out 8 inon and cburgirs, most of whom showed fair execution though the arrant baulkor was not unrepresented. Tho judges awarded Privata ' Tosh ' Fraser, Toowoomba Mounted Infan try, and Private Lillierup, Tenterfield Mounted Infantry, equal firsts, though in our humble opinion tba visitor's jumping was tho best. Perhaps the competitors shaped better at. the teat-pegging thin any othor event' very few of tho 15 competitors failing to scoro something, cither a hit (2), remove (4), or take (6). Privuto Fraser again^camo off, obtaining most marks, with Private Lillycrap second this time. It was remarkable that nearly everybody did better in the first try than in tho second. Tho last event of the day, tho tug of war; was also, by fur and away, the most exciting. So exciting indeed llut several spectators lost their heads, and ono native of the Ould Sod, seeing his countrymen in a critical position at ono tvore, rushed forward with a war whoop, laid oh to tha rope, and showed them the road to victory. Five companies entered, and iu nearly every case tho strugglo was desporato, this being especially tho case between A and E Companies of tho 1st Rogiment who hung on for ever so loug without one getting an inch tho better of the other. Endurance at length told, and E Company camo off. The Toowoomba Mounted Infantry having nut D Company Queensland Voluntear Rilles through rather easily, now encountered tho victorious E nii'n, and a ferocious struggle ensued. However, the tool men kept stoadily gaining inch by inch, and hud their oppancuts noarly over the mark, when tho litter cuuscd a diversion by slewing down hill, eventually bringing tho Too woombaitcs in contact with the dancing plat form. There was no grip on the smooth boards, so tha brunt of battle fell upon throe or four men who were eventually obliged to iuu go, uur men procescea against cms as no pull, but tho judges allowed it. Tho final pull off lay between E Company, 1st Regiment, and A Company, Toowoomba, and after a game contest, our men carried off the palm amidst tho wildest enthusiasm. And so propitiously ended a splendid aday. 'Subjoined aro particulars of prizes and winners. CALEDONIAN SECTION'. Best three reels on tho pipes — D. McKay, 1* £2; J. Kennedy; 2,. £1 ; J. McDonald, 3,,10s; 4 entries Highland .Fling— J. Kennedy, 1, £3; J Forrester, 2, £2. There was a third prizo of £1 and a third competitor, hut as lie merely jumped about for his own amusement, ho was not also paid for it Beat three marches on the pipes — J. M'Kay, 1\. JB3j J. McDonald, 8, £1; J. Kennedy, 3, 10s Gillie Callum— J. Forrester, 1, £3; J. Reid, 2, £2 ; J. Kennody, 3, £1 MILITARY SECTION. March Past — A Company 1st Regiment, Q.D-P, 1, £10; Naval Brigado, 2, £5; 13 entries Cloincst and best turn-out (mounted men) — Sorgo. Whetworth, Moreton Mounted Infan try, 1, £1 ; Sorgt. H. W. K. Martin, B Com pany, D.D. Mounted Infantry, 2, lCs; 17 entries Clenucst and best turn-out (Infantry) — Sergeant W. S. Dickson, A Company, Q..V.R., 1, £1 ; Corporal ^Valkor, A Company Darling Downs (Toowoomba) and D. Kineavy, tio for second. — 31 ontrio' Physical drill with arms, aud bayonet exercise. — A Couipmy 4th Regiment D.D. (Toowoomba}, 1, £6 ; A Company, 1st RogU ment Q.D.F. (Bri»bini-) 2, £3 ; Brisbane Engineers 3, £1 -5 entries Cleaving the Turk's head — Sergeant H. W. K. Martin, B. Company, D.D.M.I. (Too wnombt) 1, £3; Oarporal, J. Copp, do. do. 2, £2 ; Private Tuohay, B Company, 1st Regiment Moreton, 3, £1—13 entries MuTliing order raoi* (on fo'it) — Oorpnral Cimpbell, B Compiny D U.M.I. (Tuoivoouiba) 1, £4 ; Snppor Lynch, Brisbane, Engineers 2, £2 ; Privnte A. 0. Good, B Company, Q.C.R., 3, £1—8 entries Lrtmn Cn'.tinr; opon to oflV'.ers only. — Lieutenant W. Thorn, B Company, D.D M I. (rWvoorabii) 1, triphy valnn£2; Captain ff. V. King, B Company, D.D.M.I., 2, trophy valuo 2 Is — 11 entries. Tho Alarm. — Competitors to have their horses tied np in a lin--, to bj divested of arms, accoutrements, cap or helmets, and jtckots ; to lie on the ground as if asleep. On the 'Alarm' being sounded, each man tor'ne and dresi correctly ; suddl' up and gallop over such course as the committee may direct; and, on going round, caoh man is at an appointed plscn, to dismount, firo three rounds, thf-n mount tnd continue the round ; ti dismount and stand to his horse, carbine or riflo at the order, and every button, strap, &c;, adjusted, and empty cartridge cn»os to ho returned, Private J. R. Brown, Tenterfiold Mounted Infnntry, 1, £\ ; Private R. Lillicrap, Tuntor licld Mounted Infattry, 2, £2. — 17 o.i'ries. This was a vory closo thing between tho two Tenterfield men. Obstacle race. — Grunnor C. Franz; Brisbane Field B*ttory, 1, £3 ; Corporal C. Austin, 2, £2; Private Gr. .Smith, Mireton M.T,, and L»nce-Corporal H. C. Mills, 0, Company, Q.V.R., ties for third plnce.— 39 entries. Jumping competition, with tona fide chargers which lmvo been used as such threo months previous to tha tournsmont. — Private T. D. Fraaer, B.- : Company, D.D.M.I. (Toowooinba), and Private R. Lillicrap, Tenterfield M.I.. 1, £7 divided. The judges being unable to discriminate between th^se two competitors, awarded both first. — 9 entries. Tent-pegging. — Privato T. D. Fraser D.D.MI.. (Toawoamba) (10 points) .1, £5; Private R. Lillicrap, Tanterfield'M I (3 points) 2, £2; Corporal H. Bailey, D.D.M.I, (Toowoomba) (G points), 3, £1.-16 entries. Tug of War.— Opnn to Squads otlO Non commissioned Officers ond'Men of any Bittery or Company. Best two pulls out of throe. Competitors not to sit. Ono coach to each team allowed. A. Company, 4th Regiment, Darling Downs (Toowoorabi) 1, £G : E Company 1st Rogi ment Q.D.F., 2, £3. Five entries. THE PRIVILEGED. Mr. Gentle, of the Royal Hotel, who bought No. I, or luncheon baoth, miinfcained his namn as a first-class caterer by supplying an excellent luncheon, although by the time the officers were at libarty to attend a great number had luucbed, and things were some what flurried for a whiK Tho noncommis sioned officers, band, &c;, wore lunched at Mr. Keoffe's booth, whore a good spread awaited them. Mr. Scully, proprietor of No. 3 broth, also supplied good provender. When we state that 5030 people were pivsont iu the sun, with the thermometer 90 in the shade, onough is suggested as to the trade driven by tho pur veyors of suction. The stallholders, Mrs. Grant, Mrs. Fnllon, and Mr. L. Fitzpntrick, received quito their shire of patronngo, and we fancy the 'privileged' will look back upon the 1st of January, l.iOl, with very pleasant recollections. THE BALL The day's proceedings wound up very appropriately with a military boll in tho Town Hall which was nicely decorated for the/occasion. Iu spite of the heat, the hall was crowdod, uncomfortably, one should imagino, to anyone save the votaries of Terpsi chore; and thoy, provided they bo supplied with such iuspiriting music as that discoursed by Kretscliraar's band in this occasion, would enjoy themselves in a hotter place than the Town Hall on Thursday night At. any rate, in spite of the hoat and crowding, everybody expressed tho greatest delight with everything and vowed it the most enjoyable ball of the season— or out of tho season. Mr. Lamb, into whose able hands the entering had heon confided, had a most beautiful array of re freshments laid oat in one of the upstair roorai,* while the run on lomondc nnd other cordials downstairs after every danco,' kept his assistants in a frantic state bustle. 3EC0ND DAY.— FRIDAY. Most of tho Companies which took part in the. precession on the first day assenibledmt the School of Arts to demonstrate tho continuance of the tournament .yesterday. ? The previous routo was chosen nod us before tho footpaths were densely crowded with admirers. * Littlo alteration was made in tho marching order, except that the school-bays, who were entered to compete for tho physical drill, participated, Following the 'band, the Leiehhardt Street School squad froni^Brisbano.'clad in a natty uniform of white with red scarves and caps, aud all stepping and deporting themselves with admirable precision, looked much better than the local E.S.S. squad who followed . them, but whose multicolourod caps &c.; did not harmonize with such effect as their rivals'. Tho Naval Brigado, who have already became great favorites in Toowonmba. attracted much attention by their splendid marching and rigid discipline. Less cannot be said of tho Moroton Regiment, the Brisbauo Engineers, and Garrison Battery. The Mounted Infantry did not assemble in nearly such strong force as on tho previous day, but nevertheless suffi cient entries were forthcoming ..to prevent the possibility of ' morals ' for any of tho events appropriated to this section. The day was a vast improvement on tho previous ono, as, although tho sun boat down at times with unmerciful energy, pleasant winds served to reduce tho discomfort at frequent intervals. Local men were agaiu to the foro, and many of our most pnvtised visitors oppressed nur priso at tboir prowoss, and prognasticated a matchless proficiency in the future. But the boys. It'seoras vory hard to reconcile oneself to the fact that had it not been for some slight, senseless vagnriea on tho parts of ono qv two of our juvenile representatives, they should have succeeded iu equalling if not surpassing their redoubtable autaeonists from Brisbane. Wo havo_ no reason, howover, to complain, rather should wo boast of tho remarkablo proficiency attainod by tho boys in so short a period. Tho cause, howover, is not difficult to arrivo nt, for anybody who observed the pride and enthusiasm shown by Sorgoant Carey at the success of his juvonile charges, could find no reason for a want of reciprocity iu tho boys. Ou arriving on tho grounds, somo tiino was taken up in dismissing tllo men and delivering instructions for tho day's proceedings. Adjutant Hutchison was as usual very zealous, and too much credit cannot be ac corded him, nor tho socioty adequately com plimented upon obtaining tho services of such a competent commanding ofiiccr. The first event on the programmo was the Bugle Competition for which six competitors put in an appearance, and by which another contribution of laurels was added to Too woomba, Privato D. Kineavy, E Company, 4th Regiment, defeated buglors from tho Garrison Wattorj, Field Battery and Volunteer Rifles, a very meritorious performance. Tho next event was the Cutlass Exercise, for which only tho Naval Brigade was nutornd Two exhibitions wero given by this body during tho afternoon, which proved ihnm no less prollcicut in this than iu their othor manifold accomplishments. C.i|-Uiu A. J. Buyd uJ dreBsed the Company afcerthoir drill, thanking them for the splendid exhibitions thoy had treated tho public to, and vouturiujj a hope that thpy might make it convenient to visit I the town in the event of another tournament, with a inucli largor 'body than was then presont. = ~ Displays of physieil drill by Sfate school scholars follotveu1, and fro n tho frequent and vociferous appl&uso; at each exhibition of this exceedingly pretty exfrcise, it m»y be siid to have been tho mo-t snccei-i'ul event of tho whole meeting. Tho Ldichbardt-atrtxt school boys took tho initiative, and to tho music of their own voices per formed nil the most difficult movements as if a'-tiufcd by ono brain. Bsyond some very trivial mistakes, this splendidly trained body of youngsters succeeded in successfully negotia ting every order given them. In squad drill they wero perfection, marching liko a wall, extending and proparing for cxerciso in a manner that would have done credit to a perfectly trained body of regulars, evidencing the admirable patience and skill their instruc tors (Messrs. Jones and Price) must have takon with them. Out of a possiblo 100 they succeeded in seorinu 98 points, a grand porformanco. The Eist State School boys then went through tho mill. Their habilimontB, as compural to those of their antagonists, were inferior and certainly tended to make their exhibition less imposing. In several exercises, howover, they showod a marked superiority to tho IiriBbino boys, performing in several caies without a word of command, e.torcisos wherin their rivals wero continually prompted. Their defeat might, by some, ba attribute:! to the aggressivo demeanor of the flies, the extermination of one of which while at attention, being considered sufficient by tho rigid judges to sanction the award of a couplo of ba'l marks. So pleased wero the public at the displny of local talent that they promised to recompense them by awarding a prize equal to that won by their antagonists. At intervals during the afternoon ths boys woro put through their drill much to tho delight of the spectators. Combining, and covoriDg an exten sive area of the ring, they performed in a wonderful mannor to tho music of the band, after which the Toowoomba boys showod their Brisbane friends a few wrinkles infancy drill, which tho latter were not slow to appreciate and acknowledge with frequent -bursts of applaubo, materially assisted by the public. Tho prizes offered for tent-pegging over jumps fell to the lot oi Privates Lillycrap, Fraser, ai,d Brown, the first and last named from Tenterfield and the second from Toowoomba. ' Tho alarm ' for infantry created a grcnt deal of amusement, competitors having to discard boots, coats, hats, arms and accoutre ments, nnd on the sound of the 'alarm' to rise; dress correctly, run about 100 yards, fire three rounds of blank cartridges, aud on the return present the empty cartridge cases. This multitude of stipulations evidently fogged one or two, who lose fast enough with their coats handy, which they endeavoured to adjust in every imaginable stylo. On tho arrival of the winner one of the competitors was vainly endeavouring to enter his foot into the wrong boot, which, notwithstanding the caj iling phrases used by tho operator, positively refused to go. Tho most dangerous event of thn day was the lemon cutting between jumps. One post was placed about 20 yards from tbo first jump, and tho competitor had another lemon to negotiate on arriving about fifteen, yards from the last hurdle, so that very little time was allowed for thoueht. Privato II. Stewart, of the Tcn torfield AI.I., cleared the first hurdle at a terribly swift gallop, and managed to cut the first lemon splendidly, but on approaching tho second his horso swerved away to the right of the small outlet, Unable to rcBtraiu himself, the horse came into collision with the railing at full gallop and precipitated himself and rider against a shade tree at the other side. After violently struggling, tho horso managed to, free himself anil trotted off quito uncon cernedly. Not so the rider. Ilaving crawled some distance, his strength failed him, and ho fell senseless to the gronml. Willing hands were soon forthcoming, but evory effort failed to restore him to consciousness, until Di, Eyre, of the India Medical Staff, arriving on tho scene, vc-y soon placed his patient on his feet, very littlo the worse for his mishap. The game was not stopped for a moment, and Captain King's''horse, startled by the rush of the poople to the scene of the accident; mana ged to unseat his rider who, with remarkable agility, pulled him up within ten yards of his fall, mounted aud; put him over tho untvintn i-irv It n ml In niniflcf-. Am\ Fnn ill tr OiaiiI nucn The three prizes were pocketed by local men. 'X ho tugs of war were the most exciting events of the day. A teim representing the Darling Downs military tried conclusions with all-comers, while the school boys' also sampled muscle. The latter contest after a moderately cosy pull was won by the Too woomba bays, and many a mother's heart thrilled with joy at the loud appluuso which greeted tlw stamina displayed by her promising offspring. Of all tho most out rageously stubborn pulls possiblo for man to indulge fin, was that between the Toowooinba representatives and all-comers. The lattur, consisting mostly of the naval brigado men,;, wero no mean. team. The strain on tho rope from tho exertions of forty men must havo been something terrific. For fully two minutes after the order to ' lay to,' neither side budged an inch. The knot, oscillating now on ono side of the (lug- and now on the other, at last began to take a moro 'decided swing in one direction. This wus very soon discovered and, throats that had hitherto remnined moderately quiet emitted some of the most unearthly renditions of ' Bravo, Toowoomba !' possible to imagine. The local men, however, ontinuod to gain on their opponents, mid after pulling for a long three minutes moro, exultant yells, screams, cheers, and howls announced a vic tory for Toowoomba. Another dosperate pull was necessary to establish tho superiority of tho winners of the first I'ound. The com racnccmcut was, if anything, mnro furious than before, and was varied by a slight advan tago for tho all-comers. This did not last lone, howevor. as the local men, urged by tho vigorous exhortations ef thoir admirers, strained every norvo, muscle, sinew, und other pulling appliance in thoir anatomy in a suproino effort. Tho off'-ct was magical, Tho all-comors came with a rush, and at't^r vaiuly resisting for H short period gave up tho ghost. Most of the Toowoomba men, seeing this and having had too ranch of a 'good thing, dropped the ropo, whereupon one or two of their intrepid antagonists seized hold and pulled the few remaining contestants over the line. This necessitated another pull. Tho two teams wera drawn up into line, when a motion was put to tho Brisbane men. on which it was decided by a majority of 19 to 1 to award the match to our boys. Tho contesting toams then repaired to a booth on tho invita tion of Hon. II. M. Nelson, M.L A., and indulged in a well-earned refreshment. A sweepstakes of Ss, with £2 subscribad by Captain King and Lieutenant Thorn, was now improvised for a display of tent-pegging. Ton entries were forthcoming nnd tho display of skill sploudid. Private Lillicrap, T.M.I, secured first, whilo Privates Bailoy ami Fraser, D.D.M.I., divided second monoy. During tho afternoon tho Hon. H. if. Nelson addrestod the schoolboys, compliment ing them upon thoir prolicioncy and expressing his and tho public's admiration of the truly excellent treat providod thorn. Ho urgod upon tho Toowoomba boys tho necessity of ? taking their defeat in good part, as, ulthough Hinv u-i-rn hpnfctm hff thn HriHhnnn hnvs. nn disgrace attuchod to it. Tho latter had the advantage of moro practice ami, what was of uioru itnportanco, a larger umouut of com petition, but no other ten m had beeu so ucar defeating them as tho Toowooinba boys had boon that (lay. The takings ut tho gatos auiouutcd to £23, and at the grandjtnnd something under £10, although the attendance must have amounted to upwards of 700. The visitors all expressed themselves thoroughly pleased at tho courtesy of the society nnd tho superior accommodation supplied then. Those who coujd not bo received in the hotels, owing to tho appropriation of nil tbo ? accommodation, were perhaps as jollily, i£ not coin-«| fortable, located in tlio tents erected intlle. Queen's Park where provisions wero Bump tuously provided by thn now popukr and always oncrgotic Caledoniau Society. Appended is a list of the ovonts and prize winners. Bugla Competition.— -Privato Kincayy, E Company 4th Regiment, 1— £1; Bugler L. B. Maries, C Company Q.V.R , 2— 10j. * Cutlass Exercise.— Nival Brig*de, 1— £3. Display of Physical Drill (for schoolboys). — Leiohardt-street S.S., Brisbine, 1 — trophy value £5 6s; Tentpegging over Jump*. — Private R. Lillicrsp, C.M.I., 1' (12 points)— £3 ; Private ' Tosh ' Frasor, 2 (10 points) — £2; Privato J. S. Brown, 3 (4 points)— £1. Alarm (Infantry).— Private F. G. R. tfew man, C Company Q.V.R., 1 — £3; Corporal G. Bullantyne, Q.V.R., 2-£2. Lemon Cutting between Jumps — IiioutenanV Thorn, D D.M.I., 1,£3; Private T. Fraser, D.D.M.I., 2, £2; Captain H. V. King, D.D.M.I., 3, £1. Tug of 'War— Prize, Honour, D.D. Military, 1; E. T. S. 3. Boys, \\. Tout Pegging, , a sweepstako of 5s. with £2 added by Captain King and Lieutenant Thorn. Privato R. Lillicrap, 1, £3 j Privates Bailey aud Fraser— 2, £1 10s. 