HOW A GOOD SHIP WAS LOST. On the night of October 27, 1842, the good Bhip 'Mary Compton,' ofBrietol. Fngland was struggling with a fearful gale off the coast of North America. The wind blew furiously, but the weather was clear, and the captain expected every moment to get eight ot the light in the lighthouse on the Iron Bock Shoals. This lighthouse marked the entrance to the harbor. Once there, end they were safe. Sure of his position, he sailed on confi dently. Five minutes later the ship struck with a fearful Bhock and went to pieces. Fo -r men, including the captain, were saved. On reaching tbe shore they found a strange thing had happened. An enemy of the lighthouse keeper had bo nd him hand and foot and ex tinmitaliAf} fTia liarfit. Souls, as well as ships steer by the lights. Hope is the most important lighthouse in the world. What shall be said of the man who darkens it in the face of a storm-totsed spirit? ' You are beyond human aid.' These words were said by a physician to a woman who had come to consult him. Admitting that he thought so, had he the right to eay so ? Wo; for he might be wrong — and in any case he had no business to put out the light. This woman had been ill for tome time In June, 1889, she was greatly alarmed by her symptoms. Her heart palpitated, and ste was so giddy she could scarcely stand. Her head whirled 'and,' she said, ''all objects seemed to go into a cloud.' She had to iaold herself up or sit down for fear of falling. She broke out in a sweat although cold as .death. A dreadful cough racked her frame so that she could not lie down in bed and sleep. ' I could scarceiy crawl about the house,' she says, ' 1 was so weak. I tried different remedies and medicines without avail. I went t j (he Dispensary at New Briggate and asked the doctor to tell me the worst. His answer was, * 1 have mixed you some medicine ; you can take it or leave it.' I took it for three weeks, then gave up in despair. ' I talked with two other physicians. The laBt one said, ' You are past human aid.' ' My heart sank within me, for I had five little children, and my death would leave them without a mothers love and care. I went home and cried till I was sick. I had no appetite and bad lost flesh till I was thin as a ghost! My mother came to see me and did not know me. My skin was of a green and yellow color, and when I ate anything it seemed to stick in my throat. About this time I com* menced vomiting, and what X ttur-w up was tinged with blood. Once I began to vomit at nine o'clock on a Saturday morning and scarcely got rest f-om it until Monday morn ing. 'At this time I remembered that Mrs. Wilson, with whom I formerly worked in ?- rawford's Mill, in EaBt Street, Leeds (where I live), had been cured by Mother Seigel'a Curative Syrup. So I sent to Mr. Jesson'e, the Chemist, in Great Garden street, and got a bottle. A few doses stopped the vomiting, and by degrees from day to day I felt better. Soon l could eat a dry crust, and by the time I had finished the second bottle I had got over all my bad symptoms, and was fast getting my strength back. I am now (April, 1890,) in better health than ever before in my life. 'I should have taken Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup sooner, but my husband was out of work and we had only a trifle coming in from his club, but I thank God I did get. it at hist, and it cured me bad off as I was. All my friends and neighbors know the facts I have related, and I will reply to any letters of inquiry.' (Signed), Mrs. Ann Mills, 40, Bread Street, York Koad, Leeds. This wsaa caee of indigestion and dyspepsia, with symptoms showing how far it had affected the nervouB system. A few months, or possibly wneke, more, and Mrs Mills would have had no tale to tell. She did wrong to wait one hour for any reason, after having known what Mother SeigeFe Curative Syrup had done for her friend, Mrs. Wilson. 