BUFFALO BILL ORDERED TO THE FRONT. THE GHOST DANGERS. When the mail left England Buffalo Bill had been ordered to the seat of the Indian trouble. Colonel Oody'« destination' was Nebraska. The State Militia was said to be ready for service at an hour's notice. In an interview Golonel Cody said : ' I shall pro bably proceed directly to Eoahville, 31 miles from Fine Ridge. When do I expect the trouble will begin? Well, it iB like guessing if grass is tour inones longer cnan you wouia ex pect it to be evety night. As it is a time of tbe year when everything is against an out break, no bad Indian still retaining a modioum of sense will go on the war path unless he has food for his horse and himself, With the fanatical Sioux, who are now dancing from sunset to sunrise it is different. They believe they are serving the Great Spirit. They believe they are celebrating the ooming of the .Messiah. There will be trouble unless the dances are stopped. What appears most ominous to me is the widespread inflaenoe of the Messiah movement. The Indians do not telegraph and do not write letters, and yet all tbe Western tribes, from the coast of the MiesuBippi, and from British Columbia to Arizona, are dancing the Ghost Dance, and looking forward to the ooming of the Great Leader. They will dance, yell, and tear their bodies until they are fairly wild ; then go and ecalp defenoelesB settlers. On tbe other hand, the interference of the soldiers may precipitate * war, bo that it looks bad either way. Of all bad Indians Sitting Ball is the worst. Rodk Beat and Bed Shirt, who are fighting chiefs, will do whatever is necessary to defeat Sitting Bull. Theee were with me. Sitting Ball will always be found with the disturbing element. If there is no disturbing element he will foment one. He is a dangerous Indian, and bis oondaot now portends trouble.' Dispatches to the XTew York World and the Morning Journal state that seven settten were murdered by Indians near Libeau, a settlement in South Dakota. A Herald special correspondent says tbat the settlers of Potter and Dalworth counties, in South Dakota, were fleeing for their lives. Five hundred Indians armed for war crossed the Missouri River at the mouth of GranfeBiver. No soldiers were near. If, therefore, the Indians meant to maeBacre the settlers, the only ohanoe they had left w&b; in flight, and their chance of escape in that way was a very poor one, Old Bed Olond. who was disposed to be friendly to the whites, waB the leader of the Fort (Phil Keat&ey; massacre. He had a son with the Ghost Dancers, who was looking for. ward to a chance of winning his spurs, The best fighting blood oi.the~Sioux andOheyennes was represented among the Dancers. The Ghost Dance has seldom been witnessed by a white man, but an Amerioan paper describes one of them as seen from a distance by »n enterprising contributor, who persuaded a friendly half breed to take him to the spot. The dance began at dark, and, though the old equaws bad carefully raked out the fires a blaze arising from them now and then re vealed the fact that the braves were in full war- paint. The warriors formed in rows at tbe eastern ecd of the camp, those in front kneeling, with the young 'backs and squaws standing behind them. At this point there was a pacee of aboat ten minutes, daring which perfeot silence and absolute im .mobility prevailed. Then the old sqaaws joined bands and knelt down in tbe centre of the valley; They began chant ing what sounded like a dirge, varied by eavegely triumphant yells. The warriors ad vanced, and joining hands in a larger circle ba bied the old squaws, they began the Ghost D&cce.; They, too, chanted a dirge, but less thriUy than the eqnaws, and then came the in vocation to the dead braves to arise and. exter minate the white men, The old women, mean wbile, bad each procured a burning stick th»t bad apparently been dipped in some kind of pitch. Returning with these they stole like shadows under the linked arms of the warriors and passed through the circle like a prooession of sphinxes. This was repeated again and aeain.- It is said that the danoe lacts till day light, when everyone concerned in it is more or less exhausted. That the warpaint of the staves means a deadly intention to the whites ie unfortunately but too dear, Mr. T. Warren, who was well known in athletic dicles in Adelaide, died at Broken Hill on Friday week from typhoid fever. He was associated with tbe Adelaiie Football Club, end as a back player there ware few fau equal. He was extremely popular, and will be mitsed by a large circle ot friends, 