imreEMENTS. Theatres, && Mr. George Bignold has been ' thrilling and inHing ' with undiminished energy in 'Tba Comcan- Brothers.' The revival of that piece., aa well as giving Mr. E%nold an opportunity for some very impressive acting, has by its excellent Etaginsr done credit to his- managerial ability. However, the phost of Louis del Franchi will eoo&- cease to revisit the glimpBes of the limelights at Her Majesty's. 'Th« Bells ©f Haalemere,' as rung by Mr. Bland Holt and company at the Boyal, have been chiming merrily enough. That is to say, in a financial sons© ; otherwise, of couree, merrily is hardly the epithet to apply to a piece which, in running1 on the lines so dear to the popular heart, has to picture virtue and innocence as suf fering .many melancholy trials ere they finally come out all. right, and villainy s*ts it deserts. Mr. BlandjSolt 'hits ajbaft^wticntBuits him well, $ffl \&yn;^inmW '&&&? %&fe; Audience too. Bis colleagues do their 'wort witK muet'ersdit ; and Mr.G«o. Gordon and Mr. Bruaton havefurnished beautiful 6cenery. 'Masks and Faces,' as produced by Miss Janet Achurch and Mr. Charles Gharringtoii at the Garrick, dees not belie its old reputation as a really delightful little comedy. It takes the vary ' form and color ' of the time in which its eeeifiS are laid. Miss Achurch, as Peg Woffington, acts of course with spirit and intelligence, and also with an amount of success which would perhaps hardly be expected by people who only know her in characters of a very different type from Charles Reade's lively heroine. Miss Achurch's Peg has plenty of animation, and in the situations which call for more serious -treatment, such as that where Vane's wife appeals to ttie bettor nature of her rival, she is very finel ~M& Charrington makes a good. Triplet. The piece is correctly and tastefully dressed and admirably staged. At the School of Arts large audiences witness the performances of Mr. Dan Tracer's Vaudeville Minstrel and Specialty Co. It is very strong in singers, male and female, who among them repre sent a good many styles of Tocalism, from the tender and sentimental to the side-splitting. Among tiie newer faces in the company are those of Miss Pearl Akanmui, a song and dance specialist, and Billy A lawman, wh« shines in the sable line. Miss Lucy Prazer and Mi. Martin. Hagan give as good an account of themselves as usual, and the same may be said of their col leagues. The company at the Alhamfera is maintainedin a high state of efficiency, or in ?ther words its mem bers are about as competent in the various walks which they represent as any similar 'crowd-' which has been seen in this city. Miss Beatrice James, a soprano well known at the Alhanibra, but who had for some time been a stranger to its stage, has recently reappeared there. The song and ballad department is also well catered for by other ladies and by several gentlemen, while the corner has tenants who manage to keep the fun up pretty briskly. The Harvey brothers, in their musical act, are always well received; and among the remaining specialists the Blair sisters are prominent in their graceful songs and dances. The Cyclorama, with its graphic pictures of tlaa famous battle of Gettysburg, and its highly in genious and most realistic effects, 1b still a centre* of attraction for sightseers. Mr. T. M. Maekay'spowerful Scottish Combina tion Company gives its opening performance to night, in the Gaiety Theatre, Castiereagh-street. The programme is a nwst attractive one, and contains many songs which have special charms for people hailing from the 'land of the moun tain and the flood.' The vocal part of the en tertainment will be contributed to by Miss Crlendinning and Mrs. W. Young, and Messrs. A. Edwards. A. B. Mitelieli. Rivers Llovd. and J. M'Millan, with Miss Macdonald as pianist, while Mr. Mackay will rally the clans with his pines, and perform, several national dances. The first plain and faaey dress- skating carnival and ball was held an Wednesday evening at Mr. Garton's Palace Bank, Cleveland-Street, Bedfern. The rink was prettily decorated with flags and evergreens, and Chinese colored lanterns, which, combined with the many Boperb costumes of the skaters, made -the scene a xery striking' one. About 200 skaters were present, and at 8.45 the grand march took place, headed by Miss Daisy Gilbert and Mr. Matson, and several pretty evo lutions were gone throu-ih. At 10 o'clock danc ing was indulged in, and continued until an early hoar on Thursday morning1, to the strains of sweat music under the supervision of Miss Garton. Prizes were given t# Mr, Matson, representing the ' God of Light,' for the best costume, and Mr. Tom ShortaH, in the character ' I'm waiting for him. to-night,' for the most comical. .Mr. Shortall's make-up was excellent, and his frivolities during the evening created a fund ef amusement. Mr. Garton was untiring in his attention to those present. This evening will be the ladies' fashion able night at the rink. The production of IbsenJB ' Ghosts ' in London at the Independent Theatre has renewed the question as to whether the Norwegian dramatist is a great teacher or simply an unclean quack. For those who hold the latter opinion the ' Ghosts ' has proved a most convincing revela tion. They say that as compared with it ' The Doll's House ' was purity itself. Among playwrights, and other persons who ' scribble' in connection with the English stage, there would seem to be a regular mania for lec turing. Some undertake to lay down the law with regard to dramatic authorship, and some give their views as to the principles of histrionic art. Two of the latest of these lights «f the dramatic platform are Mr. H. A. Jones and Mr. Percy Fitzgerald. To be sure, it must be said that these gentlemen know what they are talking about. But to what real purpose P Can authors or actors really profit by such talk ? M. Zola thought that the Censure- and the Republic were incompatible. The playhouse should be as free as the press. M. Sardou de clined to appear before the select committee. He wrote saying that he had always thought the Censure a good thing for authors, managers, and public, and a security against playwrights creating difficulties with, foreign Governments. He used to think that the fact of having passed the Censure should give an author the right to Government protection when the free representa tion of his drama was hindered. It is of course not surprising to learn that the author of 'Thermidor' added that on the subject in question he 'no longer ventured to nave an opinion.' Mr. Justin Htzntty M'Carthy has made arrange ments with the Lyric Club, whereby he is to have the use of the club theatre fox the .production of original plays on such days as the theatre is not 