LOCAL AND ttKMEKAL. We iinilerstanil it lias lieen detinitiily ileci led by the mlinagement of tbe Unieii Steam Sliip Cninpiny. to plaoe'tlli; s.s. P.i- teena on tlio Melbqiirnii-Norfli-Wast Coast hade during, tlio siniiiner' molitli?.' - It. 'la' nnnecessiiry to peint ont that; the Pateenii is one of the. fastest and' moVt "liiugnifl- euntly-appointeil steumorii' tfiuiibg in, tliess ' waters, I and 'tile fuet uf tlio , diri'i'tprs of tile cnujpuny' plucin'g shell" n cpstly yes-el on the trade sIiYiWh' tliai. tliey 'ure' fully'- alive to! thojinrsibilities of opening, up . an' extensive passenger truffle b.- 1 ween Mel bourne iind this pctrtiiio of Taamania, and it now, devolves .on resideb't 6f tbe 'Coast lo en'piiort by every possible means the ovidem |intention of tlie aompunv'to bring these ports into prominence. We know that in >luys past peuplu. from, tbe Coa-t visiting. Melbourne have preferred" to pay the rail fare to Luuiiceston, und take ship finm that, city/ rather, tlid ni be tossed about f6r perbapB a cbiiplu of days anil nigbtB ip tlio fuuereul-paced old Moreion. With sqeli a clippor us.tlia .Putecnu.on the 'berth, voySgers.froin'.tbo Cdastill. lie 'so longer qnd'ef that . necessity, 'fiir,' ' for" tlie trade uijddr nolibd.' thut vohbqI' is 'practi cally eqlial toiiiiy boat la tlie 'Union Cidui- pony's ixtbhsivo fleut. At presept, 1 we, believe, it iuteiided.'tiiat tliu Puteeiia shall leavo Melbourne every Wednesday/ reaching the Mersey, of course, on the following day, and, after lauding ; passen gers and usailtL she will proocod to Laun ceston, reiurning to the Mersey, and leiiv- 1 ing for Melbourne on Monday.; Veliiculiir l raffil-' oyilf I th'al iMetssyi !wii?'i i«"si(ipib!T;ywtepla'-.piblinh";ffiifoiigh. the piitit coiiitng to grief?' ' For two tw, three .lave previously the structure siiitwod jigns of becoming unworkatne, and widi- the"weigiit of a light bnggy it w>u!d aiiik A'n'flBGIi.qr tW'i in\lhe water.'1. ; Yesterday," 'liowovor, she bt-u'atiio completely wator- dngged, and, aa. lliu.slavH gave way, elin sank a few inches and then drifted np tliy river, being brought up and fastened to tlie Priestmnn dfeilgo lying at; nncho/' op posite the wharf. 'Tlio siiapiinsion. ,'o.f traffio: has canserl great unnoyance tri carteri trading regularly between tho two towns, besides moaning a pecuniary loss, i As the new 'punt under construction dijt Mr a.' -Wotiij !|»;hb»;r»Mdy'for- ddRkrnry,' It is noi known' How long 'tlid prcsont'un- satisfactory state of things will. exist, . ' ' Tlie lidjouriiod; tnoeting of ..tlio," Mersey, Marino Board was to Tiavo buen bold yesterday aftornoon, but nt the appointed liouf only the Master Wardon (Mr O. J. Hiill) and Wardon Drake, out of the seven incmbors that constitnla tlio, board,, but in ad appearance, consequently the Master Warden again . adjourned the meeting, fin linothtif' weekj and rerriarkoil tliat if wait'p; cprtaihty that tlio present session '"of Parliament would tormlnatii (tliiH tydek, anil there elinnld then, be no. HilHculty in obtidnin'tr a andruin ut'- themnetinl of 1Iih; board. Tlio frcquont adjournments through tini'ubscnce of ineiiibcrs is the, cause tif.un- nloa'sa'n'theBa to many, 'especially thoie Who linvo accounts owing 'by the' bourd, a» in tlio prosoDv's&iffnqnc; Biuie oi iruiie, com IB not over plentiful. . " His Lordship iBishopi MontgntnorJv as sisted hy the Itev W. Hogg, hold a confirmation service at St George's, Ne Ground, on Thursday, when six cutfdiddtes vera confirmed. His Lordship', 1 accom panied by -the Rov W. 1 Hogg,- visited Railtnn on Sunday,' and dt 10.30 held an-> other bhnfirmation service, when there was li vur.v Urge attendance, and a nmubor of candidates \v, ore controlled. A return was then made to Latrobo, and at the con lesion . (if Sunday sclinol at St Luke's in theaf'or- noon, 'Hi- lordship gavo a most instruc tive and kindly address to the scholars and parents.' In tlio evening at 730, His' Lordnhip, assisted by tlie. Rev. W. Hogg,- liuld a confirmation service in the sure, liiuMing. when tlui oliureli w'us crowded', in every part, and 18 candid Pes were con- ' .finned. During tbe service His Lord-drip gave an address, which was' listened to with tlie greatest nt ten' ion; and was full of advice and encouragement to ull to fight bravely the .battle of life, .and to always do their very best. The singing of tlip olioir was excellent, und Mrs Purdy acted efficiently as organist, -v'.'- : : v/i! , At tlio-East-DevoupnrT I'olico C-oirt on Salurduy, before J- Dunbar,: Esq.iJ p., a case, Kimberluy v. Scott, under tlie Master and Servant Act,- was. called on, hut'us. there wps.no iippenrancd of eith.-.r party! it wiis'striick.out. i ! d At1 the Ulvcratnno Police Court1 on .S'iiurday, before H. L. Crowlhor. Esq., S.'ir, an I A.. G. Dixon,' Esq; J.P.; Patrick McGee pleaded guilty to stoaliug a £1 note frooi William White; and was ' Hentunced 'to seven days' iniprisonmont. Some of the muiiibers of tlio Local Board nf.:4L>nlHyc!om;uflneud their annual liiBueclton "t,B nn«'» -yuKeritay, in order to furnish a report on th iir eonillionto llie Licensing Bench; ' inilio Legislative Council on Friday, the aiuundm -Ills in the Codlin Moth Bill were agreed to. The Grnbb 'Tramway Bill was i-eported without uinundments. Tlio Ulvorsione-Burnio 1 Railway BilL pissed through committoe without iiinehd-' uienls., -The whole of, the harbor items in tlie Work- Construction Bjll were, agreed to, and several measures. Yfom the Aaseiiijily were read a first time,— -In the' llouseiof Assembly, on Friday, Mr DobVo'n' gave notice to ask tlio Minister for Lands what sum is. .required ,t>eyuiid the moneys already voted to complete the Apsley rail- way :mr liili give notice to ;,aBK tlie . lA'ttorney-G -n-riil whether liu-iw aware' tliat the.lidalisator is still being used in plac.-s oilier than those allowed hy law,_auil to, direct attention llieretd. The" Treasurer,, in reply to Col St Hilt, said, (hat lie would, issue instructions to alte jio.siiu'asters that ; packets which were superscribed according to tli'jegu atiuns am! '.contained claims to . eotenubd were addressed1 to tho returning ofiieors', ahi»|ldbo,:cnnyyyocl-tliro|tgli the", post officii free. Mr Conway's motion rccoinuienriing tho tranafer of the I'omplete'l portion of , tile . Strahari-i Zndiatt, Railway " line" to tlio Govern-: mont, anil the early i-omplotioii- of the other part, was ugrced to. Mr Von . Slieglilz. uioved tiialin'; the opinion of. this Honso 'it is desirable that the hours of the permanent-way men mi the Government railways should bo reduced from nine to tight liuttrs per day, und Mr. Murray strongly stipportol the motion '' which, after some ilisuuesinn, wpe pdo|ite:l on. the, following diviNtori Ayes, II ': Dobson, Fcatherstouu, lliildl-stono. .'Miilcaliy, "St.- Hill, Lptte, Murriiy, Gill, Crisp, Cotiway, Von StiL'L'liti' : iinnii. 0 : Hiptl. Pillin</Nr llnwkoK. liiiwi?. E. II. Sutton, Dutnareiiq, Lvnc, Mackenzie. Bunnott. - Mr ; Bennett a motion for granting free'Viiilwny passes' to polita 'i.fiieials was nbgntived. Col St- Hili'a inoiiou to the effect that every; enginutir and ..fireman shi(lj ,be eiititlaii, ,to.; holidays lit' Hie rate of oiie (lay for et'eiv' yeurhu!|ias been in the serviue, oyer,;sfv, year-isucb holiday not to i-xjeoil in 'the agerug'ltu a maxiiiiimi of 14 days annually, With a hiiujiiiiiiit-Qf;Bix; :days; after eigiifi yeur«'yeryico,-,wasmppq«od.'l)y:'tlie Minister' for, L|nd« and negatived. - l'iyo or lliro'a, I hi lie of !no local importance were passed, and. the! House adjourned. . . liWe/.would dfaW'iittontlon1 of 'our readers.' tn.the -announcement In another -coliimri of Professor Boiisiuurd'a entertainment to morrow; evening, .in (he GiDlin Memorial Hull. Thb prdfdsSbr coiiies'todis with' tlie best, of; credentials from Eng'and. Soutli' Africa, bn l Australia, and promises lots nf .fsiq,- music of ,a liigb class, .and a remark. atilo" ghost illusion "in return' for'tlio moilerafe prices of.aHrriissionjlnamely, fis and ls.j In the afternoon, at 4 o'clock, there will be a Bpeoial matinee for childfqn, when tlie price of admission ivill fid 6'ri-' v" An exsiting incident occurred on board tlio stutiiner Titus, buutid Ifro'iii Melbdurnt' to Nowcasllu. Tlio Titus returned to Mel bourne-mi Salnrday, when Chief Officer Nicholson reported that when the vessel, waa ten! tribes north of WoollorijAtilg she; 'snddbnly ran into a large wlulewith siich terrific force tlm't the Tliiis was nearly thrown on her tieain ends. The impact 'wan ed severe that all on board believed that she had humped on the bottom. The -while was watched for soma time, nud whirled' and lashed tlie tvsves in i s dying struggle, and finally bank, the, sea being 'covered with t'loiajv". I ;( Tlio Bishop of bydnoy hiis; issued iho "fdllotving to the cl"i'gv »f tho bliocoso : Rev' anil dear brethren,—' The mysterious 'm ilady termed,' influenza' lias been so pre valent . an-l. fatal...tliat vl tltmk-»,von.'.will ooncitr with iuii "in tlio eouvictiou tli.it .spci-iul.tiij ice of it in ;»ir public, us well as in our privato, devotion? inighl be liene- fical. J liavo ucoordiiigly, drttwn up the iiccninpjinvi tig, ( form of. prayer, ami uiiihorisd tlie use of it in public -Worship at vour. disorclion. Tours; !tuost /faithfulljff (sibneil)! ' ; Wk. '.-.Si Synitii'v ' 0 Al- inigiftyGndj otir heavenly Father, in Whose- hand is tlie disposal of alLi'Vents, we .beseech/ Thou of Thine infinite to behold tho diatress'in which vVe are, now plaoed ibyi the- prcyalonbe .of ..wifieaprekd ahdisbrious illness am ingsfti8,:and to 'give 0? spnudily sueli ' reliiif tia-ilauy bo good, in Thy.:«ight:- We humble OUfit'elves iie'fiire Tliee, when we re'tnember 'ouf'biany'qhdVt- oomings and transgressions, an'-l We pray .Thee to, grant ns forgiveness of our «in» and grace to servo .Then with nio|e mind fulness and diligence' all oWr dayspthrongh ! Jesus Clirisl 'olir Lord, Anion."' , Tlio Nbrlh-IVestern Huat Club .wound .Up'.: tips soasoii with n race liioeting ut Dolbriiirio' iiii' ' Saturday. From variuus -oauses thieattehlanco, wag. not. largo, but uniler.llio giudapce of , Air Cbarlos Slater, t te!tebretary;' tlio. arrangements w/Vre-dwoll'' carried out. Results : — Hunt Club Hurdle , Race : ' Electric, 1 ; Mia Miu, 2,: Cyulops, 3\. Maiden 'Hunters' Jiimp : Light;1 1; Kufus, 2 yiOlwuRi1 8.' Hunt Club Flat Itu/wa Mmmi < T. %>.)! 1 « AuirAnftYnif O V Why. Not', 3. !, Hunt Club Steople I. Mia Mia, I. ; Comet, 2 ; Light, 3. Light- ' 'weight ' Jimipin'g -.'Contest : Maul, 1; tjcotlsdale', 2 ; Curiosity, J, Hoavv- Wejglit'Juiitping : .Warrior, 1; Killariuy, 2. A novel method of '.ooinmitting suicide .was developed, on .Friday, lust, wheu a , minor .linm id 0|jas Johnston, tit Bolltonper Hill, in tho'Miilmliiiry .district .(Vi1'),: attempted sidfrdeni ruction . hy . placing,/ n charge, of . dyuaiii'ite . in Ids, .n(oiith, and applying a "lighle I fuse. ,Tliu jcharge .,ux- ptoduil outwards and drovo him into a waterli do, out of which. he struggled un injured, buying only received a few slight burns, . '. tTlio soconil show of tlie Latrobu Indus trial, Horticultural, I'apltry .apd Dog; So-/ ciety will be bold to morrow and Tlturs- day. , Special railway facilities,- ut reduced fares, will" lie afforded,' pirticulurs ot which . will , ho found it, ,onr. advertising, columns. ' ' Tlio Rbv-G. Tregciir, is announced " to- -leiivej- lii? leutiiriiiiir 'l A trip (i-nifcLonklon to "tlie Failsydf Niagiirn," in tho Forth .Towfii Tliirio-m -rniw e veiling, ut 8 o'cln'ek. The IcctijfB-.wlll lie'illu-triite l l-y a nuiuhar of; yjajhiSybf-.-ilillicesi'itii ritiito, nud the- rev! lecturer; wlu>; is p-issuss?d pf!cc'iisidcrab!e : musical .iildlity,, will give several appro priate solos. \- Thaiinclho I of ao'alysihg 'inotiori by tliu cli l onopbnt ig ni pli, ' wldcli has ' been so ' hnpjlity applied by 'M. Marey'in the ca'sb of tnnvin-; animals, sitcli a? h-OHL-?, running or, birds jiiiiil iiiHects' in flight, 1 h is ('Tli'- Times'' say?) recently buen pm-iinyed by. M; G. Doiueiiy, a pfeparatof at the physio logical station of M;' .Marey, to' cxiniihc. the inoyoirietits: of tliu"li|is in epcaking, He lias obtained results whiull show lint .,j.«re„Tm-rxr.tlin.mniitJi ,isjl'iit') diifinilii.fiir' Hie -different artioidatu souu-IS. With tlieso plpitngraplis ciillibined in a z ictroiHi lie' has reprodilceil llid 'niovcinenta iif til lips by' synthesis.' An ordinary |>ersoi) finds it diffi-nlt to rend, the wurds bv the. uuiuiated pictures ; but a duaf-iuiite who haa tiecn accpstomed to, rea 1 freiB| the iipa iif u speakur find? it ijq)iy to d<.t'be same from. (lie php-ogriipbs. A young pupil of the Niitiuuuf 'luslilnte of Djuf . Mutes in .Franco -re.pijd' yroa-li', the' "-voWels and 'dlphiiiongs as ,wull ns the labials. The first experiments- Were, of cnitrse, not nil that could be desired ; but in bringing the matter h-furo the Auadt-iiiy of Scieiiue?,. Pari.-, M. Denny ex pressed tliu hope tint in- nnnt i ntiifiut liigt rnsimMtma lus wniiltl tin iblojto duyelppja -pqwriiiotliqd cf educat ing, deaf-iiiiiles by sight from more perfect pliotngraplde iiiii|gus... .piivioiisly.ra-.inagiL' 'lantern tccturu iitigbt ' lie 'd'oiivlrud' to an andience.of dcaf-tnotes in this way. 