The Ghost of the Blue . .r . Chamber., ;r FOB Tim BOYS. Uiiclo Jolin told tie a story. Uncle Johh said : Perhaps wo wero not ,u\vnro of it, tlicrc wiiH a haunted room iu that very houso. . Ho said that for years nobody hnd been nblo to sleep in tho "bluo chamber " (tlicy oalled tho room next to the nursery tho " uluo chamlmr,'' nearly tho wholo of tho toilet sot being of that shade) on Christmas Eve, owing to its being regularly visited during that particular' by tho spirit of a muu who had killed a Christ mas wait with a lump of coal. But this was only ono of tlio' crimes that the man had com mitted. Aperipatotia solo cornet player had wandered into tho' town ono day, hud played a selection of popular uirs (with- variations) just . outsido thiq man's gate, hud been seen after words going into tho house, but hod novcr been . secii coming out of it. A Gorman bund hnd visitod tho placo ono summor, intending, so they announced, to stay for a month. Oil tho -second day from their . arrival, tho . wholo company, as fino and 'healthy a body of men . as ono could wish to see, wero in- .vitcd to dinner by this munj and, aftor spending tho wholo of tho next 24 horn's in bed, lmd loft tho town' a biokoii and dyspeptic crow tlio parish doctor, who hud attended 'them, giving it as lus opinion that it' was doubtful if tliey would over bo lit to play a tuuc again. I forget tho rest of his villainies. I remember Undo John's hinting, however, that they lmd not been altogether unconnected with tho lonely gravo of uii unknown stranger, an Italian peasant lad, n performer upon the barrel organ. I rose up and said that I would sleep in tho "bluo' chamber."''- "Do not thwart mo iu my resolve," I continued. "I am young, and havo had a dear conscience now for over u month. Tho spirits will not liann me'. I may oven do them Homo little good, and induce them to ho quiet and go away. Besides, I should liko to soo tho show." Thoy tried to dissuade mo from what thoy termed my fool hardy enterprise, but I remained firm, and claimed my privilege. I was " tlio guest." " Tlio guest always sleeps in tho haunted chamber nn Christmas Eve ; it is liis per quisite. They suid that if I put it on that footing tlicy had, of course, no answer and tlicy lighted a cundlo for me, and accompanied mo upstairs in a body. I did not go to sloop — I did not feel sleepy at uU — I lay on my baok, looking up ut the ceiling and thinking of tilings. I wish I could remember same of tlio. ideas that camo to mo as I lay thcro, because thoy woro so umusing. I laughed at them myself till tho bed shook. I laid been liko tins for half an hour or fio, and lmd forgotten uU about tho ghost, when, on casually casting my eyes round tlio room, I noticed for the first timo a singularly coiitentcd-lookiiig phantom sitting 111 tho easy chair by tho fire, smoking tho ghost of u long clay pipe. I fancied for tho > moment, as mast peoplo would under similar circumstances, that I must he dreaming. I sat up, and rubbed my eyes. No! It -was a ghost, dear enough. I could sec tho baok of tlio chair through his body. Ho looked over towards me, took tho shadowy pipe from his lips, and nodded. Tho most surprising part of the wholo tiling to mo was that I did not fool in tho lcust alarmed. If unything, I was rather pleased to see him. It whs company. I said, " Good evening. It's been a cold (lay I" Ho said he had not noticed it himself, but dared say I was right. Wo remained fiilont for a few seconds, and then, wishing to put it pleasantly, Isaid, "Ibcliovo I havo thehunour of addressing the ghost of the gentleman who had tho accident with tlio wnitV" Ho smiled, and said it was very good of mc to rotncinhcr it. Ono wait was not much to boast of, but still every little helped. I was somewhat staggered: at. his answer. Iliad oxpeoteda groan of remorse. The ghost appeared, on tlio contrury, to ho rather conceited over tho busi ness. I thought that, as ho hud taken my reference to tlio wait so quietly, perhaps bib would not bo oifciulcd if I questioned him about tho organ-grinder. I felt curious almut that poor bov. "Is it true," I asked, "that you had a hand iu tho death of that Italian peasant lud who camo to tho town with a; barrel organ that played only two tunes—, initio Laurie,' and 'Home, sweet Homo' ?" ! Ho quite fired up. "Iludu band in it!" lio: exclaimed indignantly. "Who has dared to protend that ho assisted mo ? I murdered the' youth myself. Nobody helped mo. Alone I, did it. Show mo tho maii who says I didn't." Wo grew quite chummy after 'that, and ho told nio all his crimes. He said ho hud lived ucxt door to a young lady who was learning to phiy tho guitur, whilo a gentleman who practised on tlio bass viol lived opposito. And he, with fioudisli cunuing, had introduced these two nnfcUspcoUug young people to ono another, and had persuaded . them to clopo with each other ngnmst their j>aronts' wishes, nud tako their inusical instruments with tliom ; and they hud done so, and, before the houoymoou was over, she liud broken his head with tho bliss, viol, uudlio had tried to cram tlio guitar down her throat, and had injured lior for lifo. Uy friend suid lie used to, liuo muffin mcn'into the pnssugound then stuff them with their own wares till thoy burst and died. Ho suid ho had : quieted 18 that way. Youug men und women who recited long and dreary poems ut evening parties, uud callow youths who walked ahouta tho streets luto at night, pltiying couecrthius, lie used to get together uuu poison iu "batches of 10, so us to buvo ox- pcuse ; und park ' . orators and tcmpernueo lecturers ho used to Hhut up six in a small room with a glass of water uud a collection box apiece, and let them tiillc each oilier to death. It did one good to listen to him. I uskedliim when ho expected .the other ghosts— tlio ghosts of tlio wait und'thb cornot player, and tho Ger man, bniid that Uncle John had mentiouod. Ho siniled, ahd'shid they would' 'never coino again,' any of them. I suid, "Why; isu't it true, 1 tlien, tlmt.tlioy meet you hero every CSiristmasEvb for n'row?" Ho replied that it i was truo. Every Christmas , Eve/ for 25 years,' had' ho- and they fought' in that j rdonf;' hut' thoy ewipuld' 'novcr /trouulo, liim.nor anybody ollib'ugaui.' ' One' by onodiad ho luid t)iem' oiiti .'.spoilt) and/ 'Utterly useless for all 1 haunting, purposes'.' Ho ;hhq,flnislicd off tiid ; last'Gonnan baiid ghost thut'veiy ovoiiing,' just ! before I cnino upstuirs,, and hud tlirown .what was left of It out'.tlirough tli'obUt\botwcon tho vvindow 'sakhes'. j Ho said it 'wbiild novcr bo j worth' colHhg.u gbostagtiiu.; , 'tl'supposoyou i Avill' still bpmo youroeu us'. ufuulP." I .said., j "'Thoy "would' bo soriy tip xiiiss'.ybu, I kuow."'r " Oh; I don't .know)" "hq.'roiod; ." thoro's nothing mu'elr to comot for now,' Unloss," . j ho udded kindly, 4 4 you. nro going to bo here. : I'll come if you will sleop licro next Christmas !Evo." 44I have taken a' liking to you," ho icontinued; 44 you don't fly off. screeching when you seo a party, <'and your liair doesn't stand ou ond. You've no- idea, y ho Buid, ; 44how« sick I' nm of seeing people's hair standing on' end.'.' ;Hc said -it irritatod hiin. Just then u slight jnoiso rcaohod' UB from the yard below) and he : started and' turned deathly block. | 44 You ittre ill," I cried, springing ktb- wards'him ; " 4 tell, me the bent thing to do for iyou; Shull I drink 'some brandy,' and givo you jth'o ghost of-itf"' He reiuaiiied silent, listen ing intently for a moment, and thon lib gave :a jsigli of relief, and tlio bhddb eiiinc back to his johcok, 44It's all fright," ho'mnrnmrcd ; "I (was afraid it was the cook." 44 Oh, it's too early for that, "T said.' ''"Wliy/it's only tho middle'- of the ffiight." <401i,'. that' docBn?t mako any diff'eronco to thoso chiokons," he re plied bitterly: ' "Thoy would just as soon crow iii1 tho'iniddlo 'of the night as at any othor timo —sooner if thoy thought it would Bpoil a ohap's; 'ovening oiit.'| I lioliove thoy do it ou'purposo." j44How dd 'ymi manage when there (isirt any icock hnudyr" I inquired. Ho was 'on tho! jpohit' of 'rojilyingi when 'again ho storied und listened. This - timo I - distinctly heard ' Mr. Bowles's dock,' next' door, 'crow tnvicd.' . . . He1 'Wiis gone ! t Ho hud loft' mo without a iVord — Without ovbn'suying good-bye !— Junoire K-: JnnoirB,' in 44 Tinsloy's Mugazirie.''; 