Sermon I MAN'S CHIEF END. By the Hev. Alex. Whyte, D.D. Tor of Him, and through Him, and to Him are all things ; to whom be glory for ever. Amen. — 'Ron- si. 36. ?Letamanoxaminehimself,' was Socrates' evory-day text to the men of Athens, till they could stand it no longer, but quenched his voice in the hemlock oup. In every discourse of his. this was tue burden of it, that human life without con stant self-examination was no life at all. \- And it was because he practised that upon himself, upon his own, mind and heart, that he stands out in history as the father of our moral philosophy, because he examined tiie state of his mind and heart, and constructed a science of human 1 life and character out of his knowledge of himself. He is the father of mental science, the father of moral philosophy. It is tho same thing in Paul, tho same . mind and habit of life, only working ?under better conditions, which made him the father of mental Christianity. _ I find I in myself, I see, in myself, I feel in my self ; and then he found things in God he would never have seen till he hud taken I knowledge of himself. Now, two or '} three evenings ugo, I took boldness to fc ask tho congregation to study themselves [' for a week, and then take pen or pencil in hand and set down the abominations they found in their own hearts. One man sent me a paper which I' read to you last night ; and you may remember that Kis first abomination was 'That I make myself, and not my Master, my chief end.' Where is that man, with this blessed abomination in his heart P Who made this discovery and nut it . down — ' My instinct is not to consider my Master first but my own praise, and honor, and pleasure ?' This man will hot believe me if I toll him, but I will say it about him, he is working out his salvation on the scientific methods of Socrates and Paul. And there is no other way for salvation. He is a saved man who goes through this humiliating discipline: Gad will1 deliver him. Now let us tako that man for our text to- night. He may bo here or he may not, I do not know. ' Man's chief end, in tho account of God's plan of tho universe, in the account of tho programme of heaven and earth and eternity, is to glorify Gcd and to enjoy Him for ever ; and, disordered as the world is; that is still the key of it. When God created the world — do you ever think of the oreationP did you ever give five seconds xo cue stuuy or ic r— cuac was ms divine purpose for man. When a man builds a house, ho builds it that ho may have hearts round abnut him to love him; and God's mighty love sots His omniscience to work in the creation of a world on which ho could pour out His love, and which might pour love back on Him. That is the key to the problem of the existence of all the endless beings of whom wo have never heard the names : and no doubt He has His satisfaction from endless, boundless creations. Ho does not depend on this poor, dark, and sinful world. He made it to receive His love, and tho human hearts in it to reci prooatf) His love, to all eternity, had not sin come into tho world, and all the up turn and misery that comes by sin ; so there might have pulsated out from God love on all creatures, to be returned to Him multiplied many times — we the streams from the great fountain, tho branches, the fruit from the Divine tree. That was God's design, and but for sin wo would have known it know. What is sin P All the metaphysicians and theolo gians cannot expound what it is ; God alone kp.ows its nature, and how it brings forth its bitter fruit. We know how it has turned the world upside down, and everv man has his own cod. There are so many hundreds of petty gods he're to night, everyone insisting he is the centre of the universe, and all things must work for his glory. It is a wonder society holds together, the way we have crept into God's place and demand all the praise. This ib desecration of God's methods ; it is sin. God no longer stands first with his creatures. No wonder we are hungry and weary ! No wonder we stagger like Hannah, as if we were drunkards, into the house of God 1 This is disorder in deed in place of the beauty and satis faction our God saw when He said, ' It is very good.' When Daute explored hell, he found all evils pouring down on Satan, all woe and misery gravitated to where he lay. He wanted to be the centre of all things ; and he became the centre of all evil : and every one of our lives is just a centre of gravity on whioh come sorrows and 'cares. They como on us from a thousand quarters, because we are away from our right relation with God, in whieii light, and peace, and joy would have ?poured down on us for evermore. Dante saw all that reversed. The nearer the spirits came to the throne, the more blessed they were. In His will is our trauquility. Now this is probably the esseuce ot tho sin and disappointment in a hundred hearts here to-night, that they have made them selves the end of their existence, and not God. Jonathan Edwards says that '? The pollution of the whole man and all his actions, political, social, moral, and re ligious, consists in self-seeking, in making himself his utmost end.' It pollutes politics, he says, and social life, and de stroys religious life: 'This makes our most glorious actions vue j cuis suiiocates all our praise and prayer. Just try, like the poor wretch who sent mo the paper, if this is the meaning and essence of sin. Tho experimental method is the only safe one. If it is the case, aanutification is just the opposite, a coming buck to old uleas. Will God let that be after we have so mishandled the light of our understanding, the blessed ness of our lifoP' 'Yes, He will. He created man a second time in sending Jesus Christ ; and human nature is getting a second chance. There is a pro gramme of the second creation on every page of the New Testament ; and thore you will nnd that Jesus unrist «vnt about making God His end, went about, not seeking His own pleasure, or His own ways, but only the will of God. Prom His twelfth year to His, thirty third, thi-ough those perilous years when a man goes seeking other objects, from boyhood to manhood, from His first entrance into the Tomplo to His agony in the Garden, from the day He said, 1 Wist ye not that I must be about My Fathers business?' till He said, 'Not My Will but Thine bo done,' lie submitted Himself in all things, even His righteous will, His sweet and gracious desires, to the will of God, His Father. And therefore we see our sanctifluution taking its spring in Him. In Him we see our better selves, and can say, that is what I may ? be. In Christ we seo our own sanotification in type and fruit. Oh, sweet and blessed life ! What ineffable sweetness was in His heart, because He drank evermoro from the Fountain of all sweetness, it is worm oeing in mis fallen world to see the like of that. Angels desiro to see theso things, but cannot. Dying daily to sin, that is dying daily to making myself my own end, and learning to tako God as tho end and fountain and portion of _ my life. Sanclification is not a grim, disma: thing, lying on a gridiron, and going through agonies and miseries. No ; it is living where God has put you, and making Him your end ; and oven here will come to you a. foretaste of that un fathomable blessedness you will one day always know. Sanctificotion is not a hard and painful thing. It is hard for a poor man dying of thirst to get his lips to the fountain P Hard for a hungry man to taste bread P Or hard for a sick man to get his mother to spread his pillow for him, and sootho him down to sleep P She may forgot you, but I will never forget the sinner who takes Me back again as his chiefest good. Christ is making His Father His end, oven in heaven. Paul siiys, in his grand way, ' In that He liveth. He liveth unto God.' Oh, blind minds, stumbling through the Scripture, never seeing its moaning ! I never saw Him in the flesh, says Paul, though it has pleased Him to make me tho greatest among the Apostles ; but I saw Him as your risen Master with the mysterious keys, opening the gates of heaven and earth and hell, and doing it all to God j ordering providences through heaven and earth, bearing with the saints and sanctiying them, and pouring tho Holy Ghost upon them. He is doing all to God, working to tho only adequate end, tho glory of God tho Father. Let us begin and follow Him, begin now and taste the sweetness oE it. In our sanetification we make God our end ; but God is very far away from us. You will not think that who have never tried to get near him; but those hero who have been trying for the 'ast fifty years, they know how far away He is, or rather, how far we are from Him. He is too good and high and holy for us who are excorcised on tho world and sin and sense ; He is too spiritual j the air around Him is too fine for us to breathe. But He came down and walked the earth, to breathe in our own air, and pulsate round us with His affections i and He draws us to Himself as tho loidstone draws the iron. And when we follow Jesus Christ, wo are living unto God. He lived in poor men's houses and with outcasts j Ho took up with orphans and widows, and wont about doing good continually. Before conversion a man believes in limself, trusts himself, honors himself; and ho will not let you dishonor him. Ho has confidence in himself, and when he does wrong — it is not often — he can sanctify himself. He has wisdom enough, he will redeem himself; lot him alone, and he will put everything right. ±)ut when God opens his eyes, as Ho has opened yours, this temper passes away like a dismal dream, and he cries, Poor fool, to bolieve that it was myself that could save myself 1 He no longer be lieves in himself: he believes in Christ. Others may trust him ; ho does not trust himself. Others may think muoh of him: he redresses the balance by thinking nothing of himself. Christ is made sane tification for him; but, even after he takes Christ, he finds muoh weakness of will, much malignity ; he must live, as the divines say, ex iufirmitate, ex m dig nitate. His affections are fitful and deceitful ; he falls away from the sanctifi cation of sacramental days, and 'of those times when his Dulse was beating too fast or too slow. . But by the grace of God tho work goes on till infirmity and malig nity are gone. To let such a man see he is not alone, I will read you a few sentences from a diary, Thomas Shephert '?'« ' Meditations and Spiritual Exercises.' *;|-Ie was a minister, and this is more for ministers ; but we are all made of the same selfish and malignant stuff, and it will suit us all : — ' Sabbath, April -1, 16 — ' (I am not sure of the year) ' I siw to-day that I had a secret eye to my own name in all I did in church. When I look, every dav I see how impor fect I have boen, because, though tho thing I did was very good in itself, yet I did not intend God in it all. True fruit fulness in a minister demands that he have a sin.le eye to God. June 7 : When I came homo from church, I saw that I had sought to comfort God's people that I might get their praise. July 7 : To morrow is the sacrament, and I must sequester myself much with God, so that all [ do to-morrow I may pitch at tho right note ; for I use all ends to get honor to myself and not to the Lord, and I seo how impossible it is for me to work for tho Lord's glory alone. October 1G : The good a man docs may be dona out of bad motives. Cure the corruptions of motive and all will be well. I find that my heart thinks that well done that pleases men and myself, and that ill done that displeases others. Here I saw my utter vileness, over to make myself my end.' Take a rule from Praser, of Brae : — ' Labor to know and find out wherein a man's chief happiness doth consist — have an end to follow ; till a man intend right, he can never have ft right motion. Fix tho heart in the belief of this, that the enjoyment of God in Christ is ouv happi ness ; and make the heart to close with this. Alas 1 tho most of us walk at ran dom, like brute beasts, without an end. Take this as a rule, O man of God, ' It is lifj eternal to know God, and whom He hath sent.' '—British Weekly. Tub t'Hunon of this Asostlbb. — At this cliurub on Sunday the festival of the Holy Innocents was observed. High mass vvaa celobrulad oy the ilev. Futher O'Mahoney, and the in'i iontal music from Haydn's No. 2 aisiss wnb rendered by an efflei-'nt choir uud«-- the conductorship of Rcper. Mr W. R. Furlong, the well-known cl' lir-master nnd -O-ftHat, of Melbourne, rendered several selections Dean Bet chinor preached a brief but. -xcollenl aeimon on the festival oE Chris m»s Archbishop Murphy celeb'ratad solemn vespers assisted by Daan Beechinor nnd die Rev. if. O'Mfthnney. Ar. this service Mr Furlong snng ' O Snliitaris' with splendid effect. 