EVERLASTING LOVE REVEALED. A Sermon, by C. II. SPBIIUBON. "The Lord hath appeared of old unto me, saying, Yen, I hare loved thee with an everlasting lore; therefore with loving kindness have 1 drawn thee."— Jeremiah XICXI. 3. Thus speaks the Israel of God. She seems to wake up ad if she had long been asleep, mid had forgotten a grand fact —a tact which she ouglit to hare treasured np in her fondest mcuiory. Suddenly storting into recollection, she c:i'js, "The l^ord hath .appeared of old unto me." How sixinge that- tlie sliuuld have forgotten it. Her spiritual letliargy had dimmed her memory, and cmused her to feel and act as if it were not true, as if ber God had never revealed Himself to her. Then .she saw with amazement that, notwithstanding all the heavy chastisements which the Lord had sent her. and notwithstanding all her backsliding*!, there was still n hope of meicy, nay, there was the certainty of it; for the unchanging God had said, " Yea, I h ire loved thee with ail everlasting love." Are any of you forgetful or unaware of the sacred trutht lias it never occurred to you that God has spoken to Ilia people? Though you are a child of God, have you btec taken up with so many inrerior things that you have let go the blessed memory of former appe<t- : ranees or the Lord to your soul? May the Holy Spiiit arouse you at this time? May there come a blessed awakening hour to your drowsy spirits. I shall handle the text, first, by ailiing your attention to tho marvellous appearing—" The Lord hath appeared of old unto me;** secondly, to the matchless di claration—" Saying, Yea, I have loved thee with an everlasting lore;" and thirdly, to tho manifest evidence of this IOYO—"Therefore with loving kindness have I drawn thee." May the Holy Spirit be poured forth, anointing every word I speak with divino unction, and may this discourse be precious to his people. I. First, consider the marvellous appearing— "TheLord hath appeared of old untj me." Here are two persons; but how different in degreel Here we have " me," a good-for nothing creature, apt to forget my Lord, and to live as if tliere were no God; yet He ha& not ignored or neglected me. There is the High and Holy One, whum the Heaven of heavens cannot contain, ami He lias appeared unto me. between me and the great Jehovah there havo beefl communications; the solitary silences have been broken. " Tim Lord hath appeared," hath appeared " unto me.'* He has loofced through the wiudow. He has shown Himself through the lattices. "Tlie Lcrd hath appeared." Hundreds in this house of prayer c.ui each one say, without doubt or hesitation, "The l.onl hath appealed unto me." Perhaps of late the l.onl has manifested Himselt to you as He doth not nnto tile world, and even if it has not been so just cow, yet there was a hippy tiin®, now in the old long ago, when you saw the Lord. This is a very woijderful thing, that Jehovah tho eterr.,1.1 should reveal Himself to the creature of ivi hour, that tho Ihricc lioiy should speak to the greatly guilty. Se*, here v.e hive " tlie Lord 1 ' and "uin;"' and !i 't'iv-.-rl these two this is the golden link, an apncarince ill infinite "The Lord hath appeared uat-> uie." That the All Glorious should put in an appearanco amongst. L!is angels, and uuveil Himself to cherubim aud seraphim, I can mor-j easily understand: but it is incomprehensible that tlie Creitor of the ends of the earth, of whose understanding there is no searching, should visit me, a sinful child of mail. Yet this which surpasses understeiidiuggib undoubtedly true. My brethren, wo have enjoyed the supernal ural, we have ri vu out of t-lie regi' u of materialism into tho spirit realm, wlure God dwells and condescends t'l coinm.ina with mortal men. We can say "Tiio Lord liith appeared unto me." It was needful that He should do so, for nothing but His appearing could have scattered our darkness, removed our death, and brought us salvation. It needed that Ha should appear; tor nothing but a vision of His love could have won our hearts for Himself, and delivered tliem frcm the fascinations of this present evil world. Tell it out among the sceptics and the earthworms. "The Lord hath appeared unto me." I care not v ho oue.->tions it, for the results of His gracious visit are in mv nature and my life. Tlie event is recorded in the diary of ray memory in indelible ink; but it is also written iu my soul, and the experience of even- day deepens the inscription. Is not this even a? the Lord promised of old, " they shall all know Me, from the least of them uuto the greatest of tlirra V' Furthermore, "The Lord hath appeared of old unto me" in the |»erson of His Son. God came to each believer in Christ Jesus. God came in bouudless love to each one of us as " Iinmanuel, God with us." Towards each one of us He "took upon Him the form of a servant, and humbled Himself, and became obedient unto death, even the death of the cross." Listen, my heart. In His manhood and humiliation tlie Lord God appeared to thee ; on the cross thy Lord Jesus showed Himself to thee in love. Now thou hast found it out, is it not a glorious dis- covery ? It was not only for the innumerable multitude thit Jesns died, but for thee, my soul, for thee. I wish, beloved, we could evermore look upon Jesus as God's embodied love to us—to us in particular. Will you take a faith view of Jesus at this time as dying for sinners, and for you as a sinner In particular? Say "Yes, eighteen hundred years ago and more the Lord in the per»ou of His dear Son appeared unto me in Gethsemaue and on Calvary as my Lord and my Gel and yet my substitute and •Saviour." Now, my friends, we hold this appearance in precious memory—" The Lord liatb appeared of old unto me." Many things are preserved in the treasure-house of memory, but tins ii the choicest of our jewels. Bow gracioiis, how glorious was the appearance of God in Christ Jesus to our soul! God, full of mercy—God, mighty to save—<Jod, the salvation of Hia people—what a sight is this! There was nothing like it at the first; there is nothing it now. Nothing that has ever been discovered by us siuce has boina comparison in pieciousness to that marvellous manifestation of the ever-loving God. 'lime may obliterate a thousand memories, but it can never wear away the recollection of the l.i-id's appearances unto tis. This appearaijL-ecame in private assurance. To me it was as pursoual as it was sure. I used to heir the preacher, but then I heard mv God; I used to tee the congregation, but tlieu I wv him who is invisible. I used to feel the power of words, but- now I have felt the immeasurable energy of their substance. God himself filled and thrilled my soul. 1 hrough tnd through Ills almighty love pierced my heart. I know that BOIBS of you think that if God were to show Himself to you, as he did to Moses or Hi.jah, it would be ;i vast "blessing to you; but the Lord's j-refieiit appearances aiu not a whit IeM comloitiug ami establishing. Manifestations by His word and spirit are by no means second in value to those uf a miraculous'sort. In no case ca.n God, who is pure spirit, beieeu of the eye; He is nnlykuowu by our spirit; and therefore iii« tpiritr.al appearings are all Re should desire. Oh, theencompasniug <>f uivine love, when it wraj>« iu about, as a cloud enfolded the disciples on Tabor. When the sacred baud of love grasps our very hesrt we feel the lieiivenly grip, and every part and power of our t-.ciug is'movtd tbere^v. "tiodhaean indescribable w;;v of putting Himself into coinaiuuieation with His people through Jesus Christ, by His holy spirit; ami when this occuis they say, '-The Lord hath appeared uuto me." There L*, then, no hairing and seeing for other people—" Ihe I.ord hath appeared nnto me. Come, uiv brethren, shall wego back to that time of love when lirst the Lord said to us, "Liver'' That was a word indeed! Then every word ill the IiiMe seoined for us; when we went- up to the house of God every hymn and Scripture lesson was for us; aud when we beard the sermon the Lord manifested Himself in it to oa. " He loved lira and gave Himself forme" was our daily song; for He bod personally, and of a surety, drawn nigh unto ocr soul, and shed abroad His love therein by the Hulv Ghost. I eanuct help calling your attention to the fact that the Ixird <;i.u e in positive certainty. The text does not say " I ho[wd so, 1 ' or "I thought so;' li'it "Tlie l^ird hath appeared of old unto me, saving." f he who spake thus saw the appearance and heard the speech. Brethren, be sure *bout your spiritual experience. 11 would be a horrible thing to leave spiritual things a natter of qneition, or to regard them as visionary and uncertain. To me it is bliss to ssv, " I know whom I have believed.'' My soul cannot- eostent herFelf with leas than certainty. I desit never to take a step npon an " if," or a " peradventure." I have often waited a« to spiritual movements till I could find beneath my foot one of C,id> shalls and wills, upon which I could securely Etand. I can never be content with the bare hope that I may be a child of God; I most have the Spirit bearing witnesa with my spirit that I am born of God. Give me Infallible truth. 1 want facte, not fancies. O beloved, let your experience be made up of facts, and not of notions and ideas. Seek to u«e the plaiu, straightforward utterance of my text— " The Lord appeared of old unto me, saying." If that be your e.a*« you are happy. If ifc be not so you are in an evil plight, for you are evidently with-jiit Oo<l, and therefore without hope. II. My second head is the matchless declaration— " The Lord hath appeared of old unto me, saying, Vea, 1 have loved thee with an everlasting love." I do not want vou at this moment so much to hear me and to consider my statement a* to behold the appearance of the Lord, and enjoy for yourself personally, and at once, the gracious assurance of lieavenlv grace. Here is a word f; om God of arnaning love—Jehovah saith, " 1 have loved thee.'' Think it ovei. Believe it. Stagger not at it. If the husband should say t o bis wife, " I have loved thee," she would believe i:iin; it. would seem only natural that ho should do so. Aiul when Jehovah siys to you, a feeble woman, an unknown muu, " 1 have loved thee,'' He means ii. This is no tU-tion. Godmsani by love what we mean bv it; onlv His love i* higher, deeper, fuller, holier than ours csn ever he. I/joking from His throne, the iiisi.Heiable linlit of which your eye could not enduie, Jehovah speaks in accents of lei vent affection, and He s:t»s to yon, " I have loved thee." Get hold of this truth thai God really loves vou, that yoiiare the object of the intense delight of ihe Most "High, and wh.it would you have more'; Gull's heart to you is !ov«. lie umazed. I'.e enraptured with this: Thus, dear friends, our text is a word of love in the past — " 1 have loved thee. We were rebels, and He loved us. We were dead in trespasses and iu sins, and He loved us. e rejected His grace, aud defied His warnings, but He loved us. Weciine i-ame to His feet all trembling and afraid, anil He loved us, ;uid washed us. and robed us. He loved tis, and therefore He saved us. Since then we have been earHilv, sinful, chanceful, unbelieving, pro-,id, foolish; but Ue has loved us without nause We luive been ill, ^nd racked with pain, but Ht» li.is •'red us. We have lest our dearest relgtives by the 1/ovd's lianiis, but even iu tlii- He loved us. Kverything has been in a whirl round about us, but He ha^ loved us with fixed affection. Our life has been n strange labyrinth, but He has loved us. and thai h.ve haji been the clue of themsJte. How sweet it is, beloved, to roll up the years gone by, aud put theiu a way with this label—" l>a,;. s of the loving kindness of tlie Lord I '' The matchless declaration of the text is a voice of lore iu the present. The Lord lores the believer now. Whatever discomfort you are in the Lord loves you. In this lionse, perhaps, your heart is failing you with fear; but the LonUtill ;» torou— " Yea, I have loved thee with everlasting love." " Everlasting" includes to-day. Things present are provided for as well as things to come. External circumstance* do not change tbe lore of God, nor will your internal condition do so. Has he not said—" I am God; I change not?" Kverlastiug love makes no leaps and jumps fto as to leave out this •lay of trouble, and that hour of temptation. Even i.t'this dark hour thy name is on the heart of thy toid. 'the text is a voice of love in the fiitmr. It means —" I will love tluc forever.' God lias uut loved us Willi a love which will die out .liter n rortiiin length of Lime; Ilis love is like Himself, " from everlasting to everlasting." If vou will read tlioi hanter through to the elul you will sue how God was about to deal with Uisclioseii; He says-" I will build thee, and thou slmlt bo built;" " He that scattered Israel will gather him;" " I will turn their mounting into jov;" " I will be their God, and they shall be my people." These ara outfiowiugs of a love which goes oil for ever, i " Father, 'twas Thy love that knew us Karlli's foundations long before; That Fame love to .lesus drew us By its sweet coiistnuning power, And will keep us Safely now anil evermore." It is a joy worth ten thousand woiIds to have this esi-uiaijcc benled in the htftrt by the Holy kipirit— " I have loved thee with an everlasting love. This is a declaration of lovesecured to us—secured in mar.y wajs. Dili you observe in this chapter how tlie Lord secures His love to His people, first by a covenant? Read the first verse-"! will be the Gcd of ail the families of Isiael, and they shall be My people." See further on from verse thirty-one to thirty-four. Tho covenant is summed up in these words— I will be their God and they shall be My people;" and if it be so the laird's love must indeed Lo everlasting. God has pledged Himself to His Mtints by a covenant of salt, "mi everlasting coveiiBiit. ordered in all things aud sure." The Umir < f Ihe covenant is, " I v. ill, an,] (.hey shall." How my heart delights in this! God loves me with an evrrlaMing love, aud He embodies that love in an evcriasting covenant. Further, this love is secured by relationship. Will yr.u dart your e)c oil to the ninth verse, an«l re&4 the Isst part of it? "lama father to Israel, and Ephraim is My firstborn." A man cannot get rid of f?:thtrho(-d by any possible means. Ay, though my Ix-y sht-nld trctpa-ss and dishonour his f.-vther'e nauie, yet I am still his father. There is no getting out of this relationship by any conceivable method; and so, if, indeed, the Lord lie unu> thee a Father, He will ever givo thee a father's love. In thine adoption and regeneration the Lord has avowed Himself to be thy father, and hasvirtuallysiid, " I have loved thee with an everlasting love." "The son abidetli ever." " If children, then heirs." Ii:H love is pledged again by redemption. Read <Le eleventh verse—" l f or the I,ord bath redeemed Jftcoh, and nuis.mud him from the hand of him (hat was stronger than he." Would you see the intfecture of God's covenant love? Heboid it in the indented bands and feet of tlie Crucified liedeemer. How shall < :hrist lenvo off loving His people when He has their names graven on the palms of His bands* Redemption has sealed everlasting love. That spear which found out His heart and set dotting its blood and its water h:is killed all doubts as to tlie eternal endurance of r;ur lord's love. Froa her.ccfcrth let no mail question our Well Beloved; for He bears in Ilis body the marks of His everlasting love. Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, to-day, mid foicver, and His love to liis chosen is at this time what it *as liefore time began. Once more, in this pai-sage of the book of the prophet Jertmiah tlie l^ud certifies His love to His people in a very solemn way by calling heaven and earth to witness to it. Let me read from tho thirtyfifth verse:—"Thus saith the Lord, which giveth the sun for a light by day, and tlie ordinances of tho moon and of the stars for a li^lit by ifight, which divided the sia when the v aves'thereof roar. The 1/ l d of Heats is His nam;-, and if these ordinances depart frcm before .Me. saith the Lord, then the setd of Isael aUo shall cease from lieing a nation before ice for ever, 'thus saith t!ie I^ord, if heaven above can be measured, and the focmiatious of tlie Girth searched out beneath, I will al-o cut off all the seed of Israel for all that t'.iey have done, saith the Lord." Thus arc the laws of nature mido to seal the law of love. God, that cannot lie, this makes the whole creation to be n. guarantee of His abidicg love to His o'vn. I pray yoj believe Him, and be joyful iu His IIOUFC of prayer. This is a declaration of love divinely confessel. The Lord lias not s-ent this assurance to us by a prophet, but He lia-s inadcit Himself - " T:ie Lord hat.h appeared." This declaration does notcoraii through another tongue or lip, but the Divine Liver Himself breathes His own live word to His chosen—"The Lord hath appeared of o!d unto me, siving, Yea, I have loved thee withan everhitting 1 ve " Notice that it is love sealed with a " yei." God would have us go no further in our ordinary speech than t-o say, " Vea, yea," andsurely we may bocontent with so much from Himself. His "yea" amounts to a sacred asseveration—" Yea, I have loved thee with an everlasting love." He lifts His hand to heaven and He sweais—swears by nimself, because He can swear by no greater—"That by two immutable things, in wliicb it was impossible for God to lie. we might have a strong consolation, who have fled for refuge to lay hold upon tho hope set before us." Beloved, do feast npon this! I am very conscious of the feebleness of my exposition, but I am equally conscious of the great str ngth , of the precious doctrines which I have set before you. Ill We finish, thirdly, with the manifest evidence, " I have loved thee with an everlasting love; therefore with loving kindness have I drawn thee." Here are drawings mentioned. Have you not felt them ? We have not seen God, beloved, but we liave felt Him drawing us. Oh, what tugs he gave to some of us when we were clildren ! Do you remember, whan you were boys ar.d girls, when yon could not sleep at nights for heavenly drawings towards divine tilings ? Po you recollect, when yon were in the country alone, how you wonld sit down under a hedge and cry, you scarce knew why, longing for something better than you hadas yet reached? Do you remembet when the I.ord Jesus drew you out of the horrible pit? out of tho midnight of despair? Da you rcmemlier how He drew you till He set your feet upon a rock? He drew you from spiritual death, from the corruption of sin, froui the dominion of the devil. He drew you into life, love, and liberty. He drew you to the foot of the cross, to the throne of grace, to the Church of Christ. How well do I recall the hour when I was drawn to the place where I saw one hanging on a tree in agonies and blood, and there and then I looked, and as I looked I lived. Since then the Lord has drawn me along the paths of duly and delight, of faith and peace, of lore and joy, of hope and rapture. These were drawings resulting from lore. He drew us because He loved us with an everlasting love. Other drawings of IDivine goodness are resisted, resisted in some cases to the bitter ond, and men justly perish, but the drawiuss of everlasting love effect their purpose. If you have been drawu to Christ it is because God loved you before the world began. Do not think the Lord began to love you wlic-u you began to love Him. Oh, no! If God iuve iliee now, lie did love thee or ever the earth, was. If this day He loves thee, He loved thee when tliere were no (lays, but the Ancient of days. Ue taw thee through the glass of His prescience, and He loved thee and predestinated thee to be conformed unto the image of His Son, and from this purpose of love He will never turn aside. "The gifts and calling of Cod are without repentance." lie will not alter the thing which has gone out of HiB lips. Here are drawings mentioned—these were drawings from Cod. liow sweetly, how omnipotently, God can draw! When He begins to draw a man, tbat person may pull back, and perhaps even for vears may stand out against Divine grace, butwliea the Lcrd puts forth His omnipotence tlie man is bound to yield. Without violating the will of man, or making" him less a free agent than he used to be, the loving kindness of the Lord can act as a charts upon him aud win him completely with bis full ejnsent. " 1 Draw me; we vre will run after Thee." He and we run. When Jehovah would have Israel come to Zi<;n it soon comes to pass that Israel longs to go thither. See iu the sixth verse— " For tliere shall be a day that tbe watchmen upom the Mount Kphraim shall cry. Arise ye. and letus go up to Zion unto the l-ord our God." We yield to the drawings because they come from the Lord's own hand, and thtir power lies in His love. Tlie Lord assures us that these are drawings of Hi* loving kindness. However he draws it w in Jove; and whenever He draws, it is in love. Observe that the Church does not here say, "The Lord drew me; :: but the Lord Himself says, " With loving kindness have I drawn thee." God knows better about His drawings thin we do. We think tbat He pulls and snatches in anger, but He knows that He has always drawn in loving kindness. liecau.e the horse is wilful it thinks the driver s:ern: our waywardness makes us think our Lord austere. The foites which He puts forth to work upon us are lender, gentle, kind, and loving. He has drawn you and me "with loviLg kindness." I am sure He has t Ims; dealt with me. Will you think of your own exse, and bless Hisnftme? Lord, Thonhasfc drawn me when I did not know it; Tbou hast drawu me when 1 thought I was willingly moving of my ow« necord. 1 see it now, and I bless Thy Name for it. Draw me still, that I may etill say "Thy gentleness hath madd me great." What a wonderful word is that" loving kiudness "—" loving,' "loving" " kind- )lej5g"_two of the choicest kohfnoors set side by Mde! Kimlnessis timiedneBo, and the Lord Jesus trer.ts us as Uis kith and kin; and lie does this m the most loving manner. " With loviii* kindness hare I drawn thee." He might hare whipped me to Himself : He might have dragged ine to the city of refuge; He might have threatened me into repentance; He might havo thundered me into submi»- sion. But, no, " With loving kindness hare I drawn t bee." I spoke to a brother iu Christ yesterday w bo called himself—and I think he spoke the truth —"a specially favoured one." I take that title also, Take it, my sister;—take it, mj brother! Doesit good whipped : ' Thou hast chastised me, aud I was chaMisi'd."' Very true; but how few hare been the strokes compared with what you deserved! "Oh! but God has rebuked me sharply," says another. I answer again, How few have been His eludings compared with what we miglu have txpected considering our evil ways ! Prevailingly His colds have leeu cords of love, and His bands have been the bands of a mail. Bless the Lord, O ir.v soul. He leavletb me beside the stilt waters. Oiily one thing more. These drawings are to be continuous—"With loving kindness have 1 drawn thee ;" and He means to do the same evermore. If vou vrill look the chapter through you will see that t ;od promises to keep on drawing. See veree >•'- " IVlioId, I will bring tliem from the north cnuntrv. and gather them from the coasts of the earth. ' erse 9—" They shall come. 1 will cause tliem to walk by the rivers of waters in a smight irav.'' Read verse 10—" He tluit scattered Isiael will "either him. ' See verse 12—"Therefore thev shall come and ting in tlie height, t.f Zion, and shall flow together to tlie goodness of the Lord." lie that has begun to draw will go on drawing us till He has safelv landed us where His everlasting leve shall be an everlasting theme of song- even in heaven, where we shall dwell in eternal fellowship with the K ten ill God. The ererlastiugness of Divii.e love is the crown of it all. 1 would not. care to preach to you a Gospsl which has ro final perseverance in it. Spiritual life which < .ill die is not the eternal life promised ill the Gospel, :ind l^e.ivciilv love which can fail is not the everlasting love of Oi'.r text. Whenever I find that doctrine left out 1 feel as if thev had taken away the wheat from the l ain, and tilt grapes from the winepress. If the salvation which you set forth to be that of < iirist be a teirporarr one you may have it that like it; I will have none "of it. I believe in everlasting love, und 1 can do with nothing less. My hope to get. to heaven lie-- iu this; and as far as I have come oil the road the Lord has drawn me, and He will draw me the rest of the wav. I hate tad nostrength of Diy own until now. I have had no might but what He has alforded me. and I look to the Lord still for all the grace I thai! need between this spot and the gate nf pern 1. Such a magnificent text as ours ought to make us consider two things. The first is. Is it so'f Ami drawn'' If Goil lores vou with an ererlastins lore He Las drawn vou by Bis loving kindness? Is it so or not '' Has lie drawn vou by His Holy Spirit, so 1 hat you have followed on ? Are you a believer? Do you carry Christ's cross? Yon have been drawn to t hi*. Then take home these gracious words—"I hare loved thee with an everlasting love." II you hare not been so drawn do you not wish jou were? Oh, It were worth dying a thousand deaths to be a Cliristian Rfter that fashion of Christianity which is based on everlasting love. Here is a glorious foundation--love without beginning, love without end; nee, sovereign, unchangeable love—not bought by merit in us, nor prodnced by our efforts or entreaties; love which comes to us because God will love, ani has chosen in His divine sovereignty to love us. " Everlasting love." WIIT, the syllables are music. If vou rau climb that 'height vou have climbed » hei e it is worth while to abide for ever. Oh, man, if von cannot claim this, at anv rate desire it, and go fciiuiblv oil your knees to Christ Jesus, and look 1 U «ut m child of God, if you know these drawings, and , ii it be true that God loves vou with an everlasting l v e tlien are you resting' " I have a feeble hope," 1 '.vtoiie What? How can you talk so? He who is iovnl with all everlasting love, and knows it, should s« im in aii"c£nof joy! Not a wave of trouble lelujaii! Halielujali: If the Lyra has loved me with an everlasting lore I will not be cast down, though the earth be removed. Bis love is better than wealth, better than health (great bleaeing a* tbali*}, better than honour, better than nsefulneu. Brerlasting love, and tbo^ bast it! Mao alive, wipe tt>« tears out of thine eyes, and lift up thine head*. "Oh, restintbeliord, and wait patiently for Hiai;"- for if Bo hath loved thee so, whit bait thuu t» fenrf What is to be done but to lore Him in return who has lured us so mnch? One thing I knew— " All that remains for mo Is but to lore and sing. And wait until the angels come To bear me to my King." Portions of .Scripture read before sarooa—9era- •uah zxx. 12-17; xxxi 1-14. 