The Contest in the Assembly. There is no satisfactoiy answer to the assertfon which was made in effect by Mr. Reid's motion on Tuesday— namely, that, ?in view of the circumstances of the last general election, and of the large number of urgent questions upon which parties are agreed, and which are ripe for settlement, and also of an impending change in the electoral system, any attempt to bring about a conflict upon tho question between freetrade and protection should be postponed until after obtaining the verdict of the electors under the new ? law. Mr. Dibbs's argument that Parliament, once constituted, is free to deal with any questions that may be lawfully brought before it was a school boy's argument, and no answer to the case submitted by the leader of the Opposition. The question is not one of technical right, but one of high expediency and political justice. It is a known fact that at the last general election tte fiscal controversy was deliberately and avowedly sunk, and thousands of votes were polled, and many members were elected up on that distinct understanding, in consideration of the attitude taken by candidates in relation to other issues. It is equally the fact that, through the near equipoise of parties and the inefficiency of Parliament for some years past, there is a discreditable accumulation of arrears, in the shape .of practical and urgent legisla tion, which might be cleared away if political leaders would undertake the work, and if the fiscal controversy were not thrust in front of it. The House is technically competent to deal with that controversy, but it is morally incompetent. It has been, admitted (though in different ways) by both the last Ministiy and the present that at the general election the country made a clear demand for electoral reform, and so expressed its dissatisfaction. . with gristing arrangements. Both Ministries, therefore, made electoral reform the first business of the session. Both, have thus acknowledged ? that the House as at present constituted does not fairly represent the countiy. It is in the face of this acknowledgment that the present Government proposes to recast our fiscal system, to pile up a burden of taxa tion upon the mass of the people, increas ing the cost of living to those least able to bear it, to upset our trade relations with the world, and diminish if not destroy tho special advantages we possess in tho matter of a large and profitable re-export trade by reason of natural facilities and geographical position — and to do all this in most indecent haste when only a few days remain before the antici pated close of the session. The House cannot make these changes now with due care for want of time ; it cannot expect to make them conclusively, because it has no mandate from the country to make them ; and, after confessing in tho second* readings of three successive electoral reform bills that it does not fairly represent the country, it cannot claim a moral right to tamper recklessly with the interests of the people. All these considerations, however, have been overruled by the uncontrollable desire to introduce protection. This is not, perhaps, a cause for surprise under the circumstances ; but it is interesting to observe the shifting tactics that have been adopted for the purpose of showing some justification for the movement. The first idea was to say that fresh taxation was- necessary to restore the credit of the colony in England by proving our readiness to provide for minor unproductive expenditure out of ordinary revenue ; and so extra taxa tion to the amount of £800,000 is proposed, and extra minor unproductive expenditure is submitted to the amount of about £150,000. ? This is palpabl/ a piece of hollowware. The next excuse was that there would be a deficit of £600,000 at the end of the year instead of the surplus cal culated upon by Mr. M'Millan. . That is Mr. See's estimate ; but Mr. Dibbs, whose capacity is larger, said, the other night, that the late Government were out to the extent of more than a million with regard to this year's revenue. This is the result of adding Mr. M'Millan's surplus and Mr. See's deficit together. The discovery of the deficit has evidently been welcome ; but whilst it has been paraded in such glowing colours, in demonstration of the need for new taxation, the Treasurer has candidly admitted that, if there had not been any deficit, he would have introduced protection all the same. In the face of this admission, it seems a pity that the ingenuity and zeal by means of which this portentous deficit has been, laid before Parliament and the countiy, and .people in England whose interest lies in dis crediting the colony, should have been spent to so little purpose. Mr. M'Millan. and Mr. Bruce Smith, who succeeded him as Treasurer, have given their versions of the public accounts, and it is now suffi ciently clear that whilst they adopted one way of putting things, and Mr. See pre ferred another, the argument that the new taxation is necessary to provide for a deficit falls to the ground. This ghost-like deficit has been summoned to appear by under estimating revenue for the current year, by enlarging unnecessarily the Supplementary Estimates, by including in the accounts pay ments which will not have to be made this year, and charges which in no sense belong to it. Mr. M'Millan has substantially vin dicated his original forecast. He has further shown that the revenue has' been steadily increasing for some years past, and that it is sufficient to cover all legitimate expenditure, besides gradually diminishing the liabilities that accrued when Mr. Dibbb was in office. Stripped of disguises, there fore, the financial, policy of the Govern ment is simply a piece of party action, uncalled for by anything in the financial circumstances of the country, ^ and without anything beyond a party excuse for its introduction. 