THE WORLD'S DEfJRJS. Iiv ]{. K«I rn iiA«;AR.r. AMI> LAXC, HWK IJ. CilAl'XKH XIwaking <'i" v.ANnt'nfh. K< w H».-j tW pri' .-t. u* had ».».-.*» ^iif-xatfil, VIK Ut the. l yi'JLL U-'*'- lilts "I Jiotfror, A while 1;<\- stood looking +«jr tne AV an'j«n i, i-v,: lh<)UP-b the hour Si.iri 001110 me Tft'j.^ rvr i-arr-e nor- Then the ]t;se-t went t.-j th«- Jyloi and .--t«jutitn the shadow *)f the pat»f. A^ in- Hlood there wiekct in o]Kwd -Mud there passed <ftt a veiled fijrur^ of a woiuan vpon whose breast burned a r< -J jewel that ohe in it''*- night !ike'asti»r. The wnan •waited a -vvliilti lxiking down the m.-jonlit roud bt- tweeu the black rows of spliinxes, but tin; road lay white and impty, and she turned and hid herself in the shadow of the Pylon, where Rei «<>uld see nothing of her except the ml star tliat gleamed up»m her breast. Uow a .gTtat fear "came upon the old nr.an, ;or heltnew that lie looked uixm tie strange ind deadly Hathor. lV-rchance lie, too, would perish like the rest who had looked on her to Iheir ruip. He thought of flight, but he did i)Ot dart to fly. Then he, t.00, stared down the road, teeking for the Wanderer, but KO tbadow crossed tue moonlight. Thus thiugs vent for a while, and still the Hathor stood silently in the shadow, and still the bloodied ttar fcb'one upon her breast. And so it came to |jasi> that the World's Desire must wait at the tryst, like some forsaken village -maid. While Rei theprie«t crouched thus againstthe Pylon wall, praying for the coining of him who came not, • suddenly a voice spoke to him in tones sweeter than a lute. " Who art thou that hidest m the shwlow •; paid the voiee. He knew that it was the Hatnor who spoke, jt»d so afraid was he that lie could not answer. . Then the voice spoke again— . .' "Oh, thou most crafty of men, why doth it please thee to come titlier to seek ineiiithe guise of an aged priest. Once, Odysseus, I saw thee ill a beggars weeds, and knew thee in the midst of thy foes. iShall I not know thee avain in jieace beneath thy folded garb and thy robes of white V" Rei heard and knew that lie could hide htm- . self no longer. Therefore lie c-awc forward trembling, ami knelt before her, .-.ay ing— " Oh, mighty CJueen, I am not. tliat man whom thou'didst name, nor i«ii I hid in any -wrappings of disguise. Kay, 1 do avow myself to be tnamed Rei, the chief architect of Pharaoh, the Commander of the Legion of Amen, the Chief of the Treasury of Amen, and a man of repute iu this land of Khem. Now, if indeed thou sirt the goddess i »f this temple, as I judge by that red .jewel j which burns upon thy breast, I pray thee be j merciful to thy servant and smite me not in j thy wrath, for not by my own will am I here, j but by the command of that hero whom thou j hast named, and for whose coming I await. ] lie merciful, therefore, and hold thy hand." • " Fear not thou, Rei," said the sweet voice. ' "Little ain I minded to harm thee, or any I nan, for though many men have eone down | the path of darkness because of me, who am a doom to men, not by my will lias it been, but | by the will of the immortal pods, who use me 1 to their ends. Rise thou, Rei, and tell me why thou srt.oome hither, and where is lie whom , I have named?" I Then Rei rose, and looking up saw the light I of the Helen's eyes shining on him through her , -veil. But theire was no anger in them; they ! shone mildly as stars in an evening sky, and j bie heart was comforted. j ; " I know not where the Wanderer is, oh, thou immortal," he said. This I know only, that he bade me meet him heie at one hour before midnight, and so I came." "Perchance he, too, will come anon," said the ; sweet voice, "but why did be whom thou namest the Wanderer bid thee meet him j here?" j " For this reason, oh, Hathor. He told me that this.night , he should be wed to thee, and j was minded thereafter to fly from Khem with thee. Therefore, he bade me come, who am a ] fiiend to him, to talk with thee and him as to how thy flight should go, and yet he comes wot." Kow as Rei spake he turned his face upward, and the golden Helen looked upon it. " Hearken Rei," she said, " but yesterday, after I had stood npon the Pylon tower as the gods decreed, and sang to those who were ripe to die, I went to my shrine and wove my web while the doomed men fell beneath the swords «f them who were set to guard my beauty, ' but who now are gone. And as I wove one passed the ghoeits and rent the web and stood before me. It was he whom J await to-night, and after awhile I knew him for Odysseus of Ithaca, Odysseus, Laertes' son. But as I 1 joked on him and spake with him, behold I saw a spirit watching us, though he might not -aee it, a spirit .whose face I knew not, for no uuch mail have I known in my life days. Know then, Rei, that the face of the spirit was thy face, and its .robes thy robes." Then once .more Rei trembled in his fear. "Now, Rei, I bid thee tell me, and speak the truth lest evil come on thee, not at my bands, indeed, for I would harm none, but at the bands of those immortals who are akin to me. What did thy spirit yonder in my sacred shrine? How .didst' thou dare to enter and look upon my beauty and hearken to my words r' _ -"Oh, great Queen," said Rei, "I will tell thee the truth," .and I pray thee let not the wrath of the gods fall upon me. Not of my own will did my spirit enter into thy holy place, nor do I know aught of what it saw therein, seeing that no memory of it remains in me. 2Jay, it was sent by her whom I serve, who is the mistress of all magic, and to her it made report, and what it said I know not." •" And whom dost thou serve, Rei ? And why did she send thy spirit forth to spy on me ?" "I serve Meriamun, the Queen, and she cent my spirit forth to learn what befell the • Wanderer when he went up against the ghosts." "And yet he said naught to me of this . Meriamun. Say, Rei, is she fair 5" . " Of all women who live upon the earth she ie the very fairest." "Of all, sayest thou, Rei? Look now, and eay if Meriamun, whom thou dost serve, is fairer than Argive Helen, whom thou dost name the Hathor V and she lifted her veil so that he saw the face that was beneath. Now when he heard that name, and looked upon the glory of her who is beauty's self, Rei shrank back till he went nigh to falling on the ' earth. "Nay," he said, covering his eyes with his hand, —-/„'*—-T nay, thou art „ , fairer . than , . , she." . . , •• Then tell me, she said, letting fall her veil again, " and for thine own sake tell me tine; why would Meriamun, the Queen, whom thou eervest, know the fate of him who came up against the ghosts ?" "Wouldst thou know, daughter of Amen ?" answered Rei, "then I will tell thee, for through thee alone she whom I serve and love cuii Toe saved from shame. Meriamun doth also love the man whom thou wouldst wed." Now - when the golden Helen . heard v , these words she pressed her hand against her bosom. "So I feared, she said, 'Even so. She loves, and he comes not. Ah 1 if it be so! Now, Rei, I am tempted to pay this Queen of thine in her own craft, and send thy spirit forth to spy on her. Nay, that I will not do, for never shall Helen work by shameful guile or magic. Nay, but we will hence, Rei; we to the palace where my rival dwells, there to learn the truth. Fear not, I will bring 110 ill on thee, nor on her whom thou servest. Lead xne to the palace, Rei. Lead me swiftly." Now the Wanderer slept on the arms of lleriamun, who wore the shape of Argive Helen. His golden harness was piled by the golden bed, and by the bed stood the black bow of Eurytus. The night drew 011 towards the dawning, when of a sudden the bow awoke and sang, and thus it sang— Wake! wake! though tiie arms of thy love are about thee, yet dearer by far Than ber kiss is the sound of the li.^bt; And more sweet than lier voice is t!ie cry of t!ie trumpet, and goodlier far Than her arms is the battle's delight. And what eyes are so bright as the sheen .if The bronze when the sword is aloft, What breast is so fair as the shield? Or what garland of roses is as dear as the helm, and what sleep is so soft, As the sleep of slain men on the field'? Lo'!"the snake that was twiued about the form, of her who wore the shape of Helen heaid the magic song. It awoke, it arose.. It twined itself about the Wanderer -and the body of her who wore the shape «f Helen,' knitting them together. It grew, and lifting its woman head on high it sang in answer. And thus it sang of doom— Sleep! be at rest for an hour; as in death men believe they shall rest, Bat they wake! And thou, too, Klialt awake ! In the dark of the' grave do they stir; but about them on aims ana on breast, Are the toils and the coils of the snake. By the tree where the first lovers lay, did I watch as I watcli where belies, love laid on the boeom of lust. Then the great bowanswt-red the snake, and it sang— <-f the tree where the tirst levsvs sinned was I shapen; I bid thee arise 'J i.v.ii slayer that soon shalt be dust. And the snake sang reply— .Be thou silent, my daughter of death, Ihou silent nor wake liim from sleep, IVith the song and the sound of thy breath. The bow heard the song of the snake. The death heard the song of the sin, and again its thin music thrilled upon the air. For thus it sang— 3e thon silent, my mother of fur tlii* watch it is given me to keep On the slee.r of the dealer of death. Then the snake sang— Hush,. bush, thou art young, and thou \r. inrth when the making was done Of the world. Iain older therein. Aw! Voh br-w snETfrrwl - ! v.i'.Jiout me thy stid'.jrth w^re Ai -wenine^;, I j-sixi; i f ;h> stieiijr.h were imw.r:, ' I f.vi uiot'u. *."ic •l.>v.5T+iVer s:n. Kvw %).!* pong of the snake ao<l thc«».m' i-«f j til.'b»-.-."Itiiik tr.-OTis-h the d^-tS'- v«; .> t':'! I t huV iln; Vr^4ntl'ir»jrV He s^r'n j ht; 'nv't'.-l i-u on-. M- mighty op.-i: d 1 Vh < }-.j;d Iti-' tl»-y U'/jt 1 ihe < yi-j \ bent ;>bov._- ?::ui, ey -; <•; tt-- v th.it tii-J ' fa^.'«/ a won»r.—the fft-:e « Al-rUm la t!sf«t ! i vawred *mi she »-.rj»»nt"!j li-i j id with four and fwun tiie e>r.v ' | 'l'i.c faint J^»ht of the d?.v/«iiig cr»-pt fir.n_ I! the ••.;f-.eii»Tfit» find foil th<. !«-!. i'iint • lipl:t of vise dawning feU up:>s» t:i«: gfoci l>ad ! </ Pl..'.-n/jh> ya.-.-n., J uo >1 the j |:<>ld< , u<>imiiur tli.-.t vr*,- j.iU-.i by bad and ! an curfaot .jf th« ?rreat blaci; bow. j lt!-l»f iu umn the fe.oi- of h':v v.'Uo lay in tha ; bed. , . , TKI JI l.e reimwfeered. Surely lie \vas with ; the jrol<Sfcn Helee ; who \vas iiis bride, and ; surely ho had div-amed an evil dream, a dream J of a ynake that wore the face of l'haraeh's j Vea. <here lay the prlden Helen, won \ at last. Nov he mockeil iiis own fears and ~no\v he bent to wake her with a kiss. Faintly tiie new-bom light crept and gathered on h r face, all ! -how lxaautiful she was in sleep. Nay, what was this? Whose face was this beneath lv>s own? Not so had Helen looked in the shiine of her temple, when he tore the weo. Not so had Huleii seemed yonder in the pillar-red hall when she stood in the moonlit space; not so had she seemed when he sware the great oath to love her, and her alone. Whose beauty was it then that now he saw? liy the immortal gods, it w the beauty cf Meriamun, it was the glory of Pharaoh's C»ueen. He scared upon her lovely sleeping face, while terror shook his soul. How could this be? What then had he done? Then light broke upon him. He looked around the chamber—there on the walls were graven the images of the gods of Kheni, there the names of Meneptah_ and Meriamun were written side by side in the sacred signs of Khem. Not with the golden Helen had he been, but with the wife of Pharaoh • To her he had sworn the oath, and she had worn the Helen's shape—and now the spoil was broke. He stood amazed, and as lie stood again the great bow thrilled, warning him of death to come. Then his strength catne back to him, and he seized his armour and girt it about him piece by . piece till he lifted the golden helm. It slipped from his hand, with a crash it fell upon the marble floor. With a crash it fell, and she who slept in the bed awoke with a cry, and sprang from the bed, her dark hair streaming down; her night gear held to her by the golden snake with gemmy eyes that she must ever wear. lint he caught his sword in his hand, and threw down the ivory sheath. 