i JiAC r 6HEPPARD. _ESCAPED FIVE TIMES 'ROM LIMBO. I.TAL GArZErrn.) in was falling with dull pertinacity, moist, murky day was slowly draw . o a close, when two tigures emerged from the steamy gloom. The contrast be. tween them was so marked that it did not fail to attract the attention of the passers-by, who Starned round and jeered at the taller of the two. He took it all in good part, however, for he stood Gft. in his boots, and the friend whose hand he held so affectionately was about as big as a quartet of quart pots one Lptostf the other. No hidden sarcasm lurks in hlsicontarison, though the tall man was a polioeman. "Comeon, young feller," said he. "The way is short, and the raiu it fa'ls, so let's step it." "B at wheres you a takin' of me?" asked littli Quart Pots. S":1o-the work'us, young feller, for priggin' Tiigebns." "'What'll they do with me, Mister ?' said Quart Pots. "I shan't go afore old Bailey, Mister ?" "Why, they'll send you to Bedfordsheer without any supper," replied the policeman, whowas blowing off steam like a copper on washing day. In a zew minutes the travellers arrived at some big gates, and, having answered the hballenge of the watch, passed into a big bare yard, which lay in deep obscurity. The sentry did not cry "Pass on, all's well," for he was a withered old man with a withered weak little voice, which was quite ncapable of much more than a wheezy hilper. le opened the door of a barely iahed but not by any means a comfort room, for it was wonderfully clean, and \- ght fire blazed in the corner. oy. from station.- Remanded. Leave To ecalled for. What a night! M. Thusgthe p'leoceman. n he march off to his own home S uart Pots is now a famous charao ter. His portrait has appeared in more than one journal, and they call him, not Quart Pots, but little Jack Sheppard. And what follows is the truthful history of his five escapes from the workhouse at Hackney. To make matters clear, you must know that a workhouse is divided into various sections. Two of these are all that we need troub! ourselves with. The first department is sacred to the relieving oflicer. Little Jack was put to bed in the dormitory which is used by those who are awaiting a final examina tion ere they beccmo regular inmates of the house. It is a good enough dormitory, with a dozen or 20 neat. beds in it, ranged along each wall. One set of ordinary windows commands a view of the drear Hackney marshes; the other looks on to the tall workhouse buildings. Jack's bed was on that side. For an hour or two he was the solo inmate of the dormitory. He was only a nipper of nine, remember, with a pleasant, open face, but-well-I don't wish to be uncomplimentary to Jaok, who is a plucky little chap-all that glittered in Jack's face was not gold. So, there he was iu the ward, not a bit afraid of ghosts, not he. but cheerful, and humming " Hi tiddly hi ti" as he took cff his ragged jacket and loosed his comforter. And when the door was closed, and the look turned in the keyhole, Jack stopped hum ming, sat on his bed, put his hands in his ' polets, stretched out his little legs, and began to "wink the other eye" with a Svoluble whistle. Of course, no one was pre sent at Jack's escape, but you can readily Simagine what took place. He probably began to think of the old folks at home, and conjured up a picture of tea, and a little game in the streets. It is more than likely that he nerved himself by thinking of Dick Turpin, Claude Duval, and other ruffians. Then he cast one of those innocent little blue eyes of his up at the -window ; then he got on to the bed, and tried the catch, which he pushed back easily, * and opened the window slowly and noise lessy. About Ift. below the window-ledge run two or three electric wires, and about 3ft. on the right of the window is a water-pipe. To get down this was the work of a few moments, and Jack, passing along the wires like a Blondin. c!lmbered down the pipe for about 30ft., and found himself in the 1'ttlo passage which led to the relieving osi:er's department. Down the passage he bolted like a greyhound, out at the door at the end of the passage, and -well, he was caught and taken back tc his room. They took his clothes away, and fastened the lower portion of the window oin rels , & a , i aolts. -H'e at o- ,ttp half of the window for it, and, disregarding appear. ances. saain climbed down the waterspout in his shirt. Again ha landed in the little passago, and again he fell into the hands ol the authorities. Jack was then taken to make his bow to the magistrate as a notorious prison breaker. The magistrate laughed and, chaffing the officials, sent him back to the workhouse. * Mr. Mason, the master, laughed, too, when he saw Jack coming back again. " Ho ! ho !" laughed he, "If the police won't keep you, I must. You shill be put in a little cell of your own this time." Imagine a longpas sage, lined on oarh side with cells, in which the casuals do their task of stone- brcaking or oskum-picking. In cre of these Jack was looked up. Mr. sEeoon thought he was elfely housee ; the labour-master agreed with him, and Jack was left to his own devices. In the corner of the cell behind the bed is a stout steam-pipe, which runs to the top of the lofty cell. Unfortunately thenarrow * window up aloft was too much for little Jack. Ho had promisedto be a good boy and give so moro trouble, brt the sight of the window overcame his srr.saes. " Heigh ho. This is stupid work sitting on this bel all day. Here goes for liberty " The deep shadows -of an autumn a?icrnoon filled the cell, and Jack, throwing the rug from his bed over his shirt--for, lice poor King Robert, he lay abed brceechles-Jack scaled the pipe, and wormed his liit?e body through the window. Once through, -be drop'ped a few feet on to the roofs of the stonr-breaking sheds, and eliding down dropped again on to firm greund. : TWith half an-oe, and almost invisible ia the evening mists, Jack saw that his best ohanee -was to tel-ke ta the wall which ran away -towarfs thegste. In the passage stood a creat pile of ,id bricks, up which ho climbed, aseairg on to the wall, and following it -until Ie came to the road. In a minunt -Jack wats -esdding for life across the nmarehes, i. <ueer figurn with his ehirt tails and ktie pauper run bellying in the wind. Suddenly ho hears a view .halloo, and ?'ics to battle pursuit by talngto the water. lie could swim like a fsh-- hi: precocioiusnees. Alas ! Jack is once more nabbed, and taken back to his cell, a colder though not a better boy; for twice more did Ihe aet the better of his gaolers. This time they put two bars across the cell window, which baffled even Jack. A little later.ca, if the gaoler had happened to look through the little glass window which coamaond a view of the interesting interior, a-ho would havo seen Jack busy with some thing un.de his bel. This was one of -the iron ri.ths whi:h support the bed ding. 7r e: used the end of this instrunecnt to pick the lock, and in a numnute he was once more flying, this time down the cell-lined posSago. Once more he was de feated and taken back. Then a bolt was put on the door, so door and window were both too much fcr him. His bed was taken away too, and cnly the bedding was left on the floor. Geno morning he called the labour master in end pointed to a pail of water which he had spilt. The labour-master called anthc' r mun in with a swab. They stood in the cell whilst Jack mopped _p the water. He went on his knees, and, mopping away, gradually edged his wag? ofticiously mnopine, to the door, which was what MMr. Cluppins called " on the jar." " And then it sacemed as if some one had flashed a lantern across my face," said the labou:r measter : " and the door banged to, and--well-am I red in the face-i-e two ~,Inz, ;~··, ··,·r/,.,. i ', "' Jack bolted, took the wrong turning, and embraced an o&fcial;, who once more returned tim to his unfortunate gaolers. .Jack is now at Feltham Iaduaetrial School, \- to which he has awarded a certificate of merit. He approves of Feltham, and if -Feltham azrees with him he will honour it "with his p-esenoe until he is fourteen. If hFeltham misbehaves itself, why, Jack will take off his hat to Feltham and--,i:zle. We trust that no one will think of sympa thising with Ja,.k i= his misfortune, for he is undoubtedly a bad boy, who richly dcserves a fiound birching once a week for six ionths. l-e defied his mother, which is .not good. Hio stole pigeons, which is indifferent be Lariour. Then he c ;?t i' tIe ir l- to sre if thty culJ./..y A San Frar:isco telegram says that a new Iako has been discovered in HIawaii, the water of which is more salt than that of the Dead Jfc, 