HE FELL AMONG THIEVES. By DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY ani HENRY HERMAN. Author of ' Joseph's Coat,' 'A Lifes' Atoned ment,' 'Coals of Fire,' 'The Way of the World,' &c;, &c.; Published by special arrangement with the author. All lights reserved.] Chapter XV. Seven years ago the reader caught a momen tary sight of one M. Vergueilj . standing in a brown study at the door of Misseri's Hotel in Constantinople. This gentleman was a figure in the police ^department of Paris and enjoyed a high reputation both for astuteness and good fortune. But like others amongst the astutestr and the happiest, he found one thing denied him and he eo puzzled over the one case wfaicli baffled his intelligence that his failure in that respect left a drop of gall at the bottom of every cup of success he quaffed. The govern ments of three or four countries had unitedly agreed to leave in M. Vergueil's hands the investigation of a series of railway robberies. He had started on bis work with something UKe certainty, ana Die oy Die nis case nao. melted away between bis fingers. It became* forlorn hope in the first six months and M. Vergueil became a man with a grievance. He laid hands on scores of notorious criminals, ha had brilliant successes by the dozen, but he bad made nothing whatever of the great railway robberies and his disappointment clouded him. . ' . ? M. Vergueil's business had brought him to London. Forged notes of the Bank of France had been put in circulation at Monte Carlo ^ and Spa pretty extensively, - and had been ''- dropped here and there hi small quantities in s the great cities of Europe. The imitation of ;, the hundred-franc note was so admirable that only an expert could be relied upon to detect; f the difference between it and the actual issue s of the bank. M. Vergueil's enquiries had led i him to the belief that the seat of the- forgery -^ was in England, and both in lighting upon the y original track and in following it up he had so ^ far been blessed with even more than his usual 5 good fortune. He had taken up his headquarters at the 5 Westminster Hotel, and sitting- in his room ; immersed hi thought over a cigarette and a, ' glass of sugared water he found himself ~ awakened by the living accents of a' voice which was at that moment speaking to his fancy's ear. ' Mr. Ronald Morton,' said the voice.' J M. Vergueil set his whole, soul in his ears and listened. He might 'hear nothing worth the hearing, but on the other hand he was a gentle man who never missed a chance and -he was ; peculiarly anxious to know all that could be : known of the owner of this particular voice. ? The room in which he sat and that in which , the conversation was going on communicated by a door, which was for the present locked on one side and bolted on the : other. M. Vergueil noiselessly kicked off his slippers, and crossing the room with a cat-like nicety of tread, dropped on his knees with his ear at the key-hole, and so stayed. The watchful grin upon his face was a study for intentness, but every now and then as the conversation went on the mere ghost of a smile flickered across it, aud at the mention of Mr. Gilfoil's name his eye sparkled brightly for a single second. In his eagerness to hear he hardly dared to breathe, and to let his breath go silently he clenched his teeth with his lips drawn away from them in a curiously ghastly smile. When at last Heaton addressed his interlocutor as Mr. William Reid the detec tive gave such a start that his head came into - : contact with the door knob, and for a little ? '5. while between his rage at; his own clumsiness, ~ ' * = his fear that he had betrayed -a listener's pro- - .C-; sence, and the actual physiDalpam of the blow ~ ' ::: he lost knowledge of what was going on. The next thing that came clearly to him was the gallant captain's noisy and defiant 'Good morning.' He heard the door open and -close, , aud listened to the footsteps in the corridor, and hastily snatching up a pair of boots is order to have some ostensible reason for .quit ting his chamber, he dodged cat-like to the head of the stairs and peered after -Messes. Hump and Heaton. He withdrew his head swiftly as the captain looked about him and . ? glued himself to the wall of the corridor. There was a little silence between the pair and the detective's strained ears caught the rustle of paper only. Then he heard Heaton's voice saying — 1 ' That's all, my boy. That was the number of the bond on the top of the pile. They were lying on his table.' M. Vergueil admitted to his detractors thafe he was lucky. He had a little satiric habitt among them of attributing all his success to the unbought blessings of fortune, but as he walked quietly back to his room he owned that no such stroke of luck as this had ever come to ; him. He had^given William Reid up this ' half-dozen Fyears, had abandoned him with grief and wounded pride. He had longed for him as men only long for the unattainable; and being a person of a quick and vivid tern- -; perament had sometimes gritted his teeth in -: sudden rage at the manner in which he had been evaded. And now the delightful, tut- : '3 hoped for, unattainable thins, the fabled bird : . of contentment whom men i allow f or ever an 4 . who will not allow himself to be taoght, catna to him without even a call and perched upon his hand. The eminent detective was happier ''.? than if he had heani that some dead mil«-. 1 onaire had bequeathed him all hia belongings^ . .' He sat in his own rooni smiling radiantly, and - gripping one hand with the other, as if he '-', '??''}?'-? we»e Bbaldng hands with himself in a delighted- . self-cpngratulation. ? . . .' ... .-„?- ''r/.O.- :?;.'=, :- ?.-.'?-. ~,~}: He listened for the movements ~pf #»4iSj*£«s^S about hhzt in charmed speculation. Tt was no wonder tha.t ite tad not been able to track ^sBiain $eid into the widest fastnesses of Ask. 'It wasjftojfc at all remarkable now that wjj at£empt(had been made to place the stolen 'bends ujxm-tble.njarket. WflKam Kfiid had left' t&iii; ia safe keeping that Sonald Morton m%^*'36berioBg lapse of time, withdraw them. J fie^fciM i&lfkeep; out' of his mind a grim ; respecfcTor me man wltn whom be would have j to deal It was no common little scoundrel who had buried himself for seven ytsare ui the earth's darkest places to build up a barrier be tween himself and justice. M. VergueiTs , blood flushed at the fancy. He loved a worthy J adversary, and the man seemed to him to liave j played a giant game. His heart warmed j towards him. j He sat in resolute patience for hours, scarcely \ moving and insensible to weariness or ennui. | Patience met his reward at last and his neigh- j foor went away, locking his door behind him. j He looked from bis own chamber door and caught sight of the stalwart retiring figure. He had remarked this noticeable neighbor of bis before, and something in the square set of the shoulders and the poise of the head struck . him anew, ' He will be a fiend when I come to deal ?sra.tb.him,' said M. 'Vergueil to himself. He followed him calmly down the stairs to make sure ofjiis disappearance from the hotel, and lingering on the hotel steps with a, pretence ol consulting some memoranda which no drew from his pocket he heard the eminent traveller Call a cab. ?''Whereto, sir?' ' The Fancy Fair, Albert HalL' ' We are beginning to lose pur native modesty/' said M. VergueiL, smiling to him self, ' and to go a little into society.' With that he turned, with an elaborate air of having forgotten something and marched briskly up the stairs. As he went he drew from his pocket a bunch of keys calmly, selected one, and went on dangling it between his thumb and finger. He walked straight to Roland Morton' room, and with the insolence and aplomb begotten of long service -unlocked the door, passed through, and secured it*by the bolt on the other side. He took a survey of the place. A portmanteau stood in one corner of the Tooni, and dropping on Ms knees beside it he selected from his bunch of passkeys one that looked likely for the purpose and tried it I in the lock. 'That will be a work of time,' ho said. ' Tbe lock is a patent. Very well, I will try elsewhere first. The lock of the wardrobe offered no diffi- - culty, and there before him on the middle shelf lay a great pile of Austrian bonds. He smiled placidly and drew from his pocket a memo randum book, on one page of which was pasted a slip of newspaper. He consulted the cutting and the number -pf the topmost bond. Then he smiled &new;,;more placicdy even than before, and extracting a single sheet from the middle of the pile he folded it deliberately and put it iiito his breast pocket. Next he relocked the wardrobe, walked to tbe door and listened there for a moment, and slipping out to the corridor was in his own room in a twinkling. He stayed there but a very little while, drawing on His gloves with a thoughtful look. 'That will do,' he said. ' I can enlighten Mr. Frost at once, Ke can be trusted to hold his tongue until the proper moment, and he has . waited long and patiently enough to deserve a little hope.' He walked down stairs, ordered a cab, and __, being driven to Park-lane alighted at the entrance of a mansion there, and tendering his j card, asked for Mr. Frost. Mr. Frost was not i at home, but M. Vergueil extracted from the footman the intelligence that his master had gone to the fanqy fair that day opened at the Albert HalL Thither M. Vergueil pursued him, and after a prolonged wandering about the hall found the object of his search. The detective was not a man who permitted himself easily to be surprised, but for the moment he was knocked all abroad by an unexpected coin cidence. Mr. Frost was engaged in animated converse with no less a person than Ronald Morton. After tbe first shock of surprise this lent a certain piquancy to the situation to his mind. The two men stood near a stall over which appeared the names of Lady McCorquodale, Lady Mabel Ventnor, and Miss Grey, and one stately old lady and two pretty young ones were listening together with Mr. Frost whilst the eminent traveller talked. M. Vergueil approached the group with a subtle triumph stirring sweetly at his heart. He raised his hat with quite a grand air. ' Pardon my intrusion.' he said, in English a little more set and deliberate than .natives -use, and. only faintly noticeable for ? its accent. ' Permit me to recall myself to the memory of Mr. Frost, with whom 'I have one moment's urgent business.' . \- ^ 'Kb need to recall Yourself,' said Frost. *' Excuse me for a single instant,' he added to the ladies. ' A angle instant,' eehcfid Mr. VergueQV ' No more.' His face gave no sign, but lie had not often -in his. life felt -so happy. He had taken the prosecutor from under die nose of the criminal and had left the trapped rascal there secure. It was a beautiful sensation, an .apt reward for seven years' patience, a fitting solace for seven years' disappointment. Mr. Hxunphiey Frost's millions made bis progress across the hall a little difficult. He was waylaid with fascinat ing smiles and wheedled by a score of insinu ating tongues. He parted with a good many sovereigns and five pound notes en route, for he had gone there ready to be plucked and ac cepted the process with a smiling urbanity. At last he was through the crowd, and drawing Vergueil into the conservatory turned round and faced him. ' You have made a discovery ?' he asked. 'I have made a. discovery,' Vergueil an swered. He took the bond from his pocket and laid it in Frost's hands. 'Is that one of my Austrians?' Frost asked after looking at it. j 'That is one of your Austrians,' answered : VergueiHike a polite echo. - j 'Mow did it come into your hands V i ' I stole it,' whispered VergueiL ' I stole ; it from the thief this afternoon. He has a : mass of them in his possession.' ; 'Have you arrested the man?' Frost , asked. i ?'?Not yet. At present that would be iudis- ' creek' He looked cautiously about him, and ?! having made sure that they were out of ear- I shot he added in a low tone, 'lam here on j ?Government business. I have reason to think i that I have my hand over the forgers ! of French, banknotes. The man in whose pros- , session I found the bonds is one of the gang, | and the same people who are issuing the i counterfeit notes seem one and all to be impli cated in the railway robbery in which your bonds were lost. In telling you this, Mr. Frost, I need not say that I rely absolutely upon your silence. I do not speak of business of this kind to everybody, but I have already had such excellent proof of your discretion that I know beforehand that I risk nothing in telling you. I thought you had a right to know and I give you the information as soon as possible in the assurance that you will keep it as secret as the grave.' Humphrey Frost was a very considerable personage, but M. Vergueil took a tone of quiet authority with him which he in nowise re -xBted. 'You may rely upon my silence.' he responded simply. 'May I go back to the ladies? Would you like me to introduce you ? Sou are aware that M. Vergueil is a distin guished figure. Everybody knows of him, everybody talks about him, but nobody has the good fortune to meet him/' 'Good fortune f said Vergueil, 'that de pends. It is not everybody who thinks it good fortune to encounter me. But I beg you- to excuse me from the honor of an introduction. I am like, the highwayman of old, I prefer to throw Aside my incognito only in places suit able to my purpose.53 Chapter XVI Whilst M. Vergueil sat like patience in an armchair in_ his own apartment listening with a somewhat tigerish vigilance to the movements of : his neighbor, Harry Wynne was busy with bis own reflections. 'So it seems,'1 his thoughts ran, ' ' that poor Morton was a swindler. I thought that hair dying game of his was a mere bit of foppery, and now I suppose it was part of a disguise. $fo wonder I couldn't find Kekewich in Che . shire, or that the Morton family in those parts nad left no trace behind them. I didn't even steal a real name from him. He was a kindly hearted sweep. He was very gentle with that bruised leg of mine. 'I think I have Mr. Hump this time. It's odd when one comes to tiiink of it ho'.v much mischief a real callous scoundrel will do for euch a little profit. Supposing: that hs aud Heaton and Butteriield shared what they got from the Earl of Bridgebourne between them, what would it amount to? Two or -three hundreds apiece at the outside. And for that the blu-Aguards hunted a foolish lad from his native country, robbed him of his sweetheart, disgraced and proscribed him. Was I an as pecial greenhorn, or axg. Jftere young fellows about town jn the same*-lort of mess this j minute? I havent the. pleasure of your ac quaintance as yet, Gilead, but I will walk into ] ' your parlor since I can meet your friends there, and we will all enjoy ourselves together.'' He was filled with a righteous joy at the -prospect of detecting and discomfiting the villams.whobad .ruined him. The belief iu Inthia's fidelity to bis memory made his wrath against themaJZ the greater. They had robbed 2nm other all these years, and they liacl robbed hero? him. Tt was out of no coxcombry that he inewthat she loved him. She had had one of jthebeetinenin England at her feet for years. Hewasetillihere,and3vas evidently ready to etay there all iis lifetime. Only a profound attachment to the memory of her boyish sweetheart -&aZd; have kept- the girl from sc cejjtajsgso-brilUairt.&n; offer from so excellent* ,,_., jnwi^BSnmphEey Fioat Barry Jelt *warm V I- jap9 friendly to his rival, as -an /honest lover . |^ ^^^-^JxanseiqBows that ifee rival* presenee ifcr ? . . . ' I will keep my alias,' he said to himself as he walked with a resolute footstep up and down the room, turned into physical motion by the tumult oi his mind. ' I will keep my alias until I have unmasked these scoundrels, but not an hour beyond. _ It is more 'than my right to proclaim myself, it is a duty. I must repay tbe old man the money %e spent to clear me. I must tell Inthia who I am gand ask her if she can take her lover back again. I have been a fool too often to dare to brag of wisdom now, but God knows I have tried hard to atone to my own heart, and I know humbly tha£I am a better man that I was when I went away.' His mind ran in these grooves for hours. At one minute he melted at the thought of Inthia, and at the next he felt a solemn exultation over the rascals who bad broken him. j No man lives at high pressure for ever, and i even a lover and the hero of a real tragedy will find moments of rest and quiet Harry or dered luncheon m his own room and attacked it with something like his desert appetite in spite of the exercises of love and war upon which he was engaged. Then in due time he dressed with an unusual, scrupulous care, and betook himself to the fancy fair at the Albert HalL drawn thither by the advertised fact that Inthia had partial charge of one of the stalls. He could see her and be near her, could speak to her and hear voice, and his pulses sang with a tender triumph at the thought of her truth, her goodness, and her beauty. He was'not quit of the shame of his old errors and follies, nor, to do him justice, was he the man to ask to be quit of it until he had paid his penalties in full and had made confession and restitution. He would owe a lifelong devotion even then. But there was yet a delight in standing behind the veil of his alias, and in watching as it were -unseen the workiags of that generous, Tinforgetting heart. How many women were there in the world, he asked him self, who could have kept faith unimpaired through such dark days as he had left her to? His heart knelt before her in pure worship as if she were a saint enshrined. The great common places have their way in sxjite of ail heroisms and passions. The crowd at the Albert Hall was as flippant, as unin teresting and as banale as a crowd visually is to the stranger in its midst. He was there with his emotions, and the fashionable mob was in appropriate. He was recognised, followed about, pointed at. He was the target for hundreds of pairs of delicately held tortoise shell rimmed glasses and of scores upon scores of single eye-glasses. People pressed upon him with that impertinent and intolerable scrutiny which is only seen in well-dressed assemblies. By-and by other celebrities turned up and to his huge contentment drew the at tention of the crowd away. He was free to seek and to find Inthia's stall, and there, standing in front of it, he found his old ac fuaintance and long-standing rival Humphrey i-ost, who already bought so much that he was ashamed to buy more. The stall was half denuded by his purchases, and Lady McCor quodale was in majestic high sisirits with the magnificence of her receipts. Mr. Humphrey Frost was introduced to the distinguished traveller and shook hands with him without a suspicion of his identity. 'Mr. Morton,' said Lady MeCorquodale, ' was with our poor dear Harry at his death. The poor boy was shot down at his side, and Mr. Morton liimself was dangerously wounded at the same moment.' At this Frost began to question warmly, and whilst the conversation was still going on a smooth gentleman of foreign exterior, with a scarcely perceptible accent, approached the pair and drew the millionaire away. ':You will understand, Mr. Morton,' said her stately ladyship, 'how very natural it is that your return to England should bring poor Harry to our minds again. He was always our favorite and we can never forget him, but there is 'freshness about his memory now.' The old lady's dark eyes were suspiciously brilliant, but she continued with her usual dignity. 'He did not know what he was_ running away from. It is quite possible that if he had lived he would have been the head of the family. My father is ninety-nine years of age, Mr. Morton, and in the course of nature he cannot last much, longer, but in constitution he is scarcely older than Lord Houhes. Charles Seaforth, Lord Hounes's son, is a confirmed valetudinarian. He has been married thirteen years and has no family. Colonel Seaforth, poor Barry's uncle, who was next in the line, is dead, though his life seemed to be worth the other three put together. And so you see if the poor foolish boy bad lived be would have been very near to the earldom of Bridgeboume now. You must forgive me for speaking of these things to you, but Harry was a comrade of yours, acd I can see that you cared for him. You will not be impatient at the recital of an old wcn'P-v.'s trouble.' How i.^iv!, he thought, he had known that they all cared for him. Half the past was obliterated in his mind. He forgot and was ?willing to. forget the angry opposition which her ladyship had offered to him. That at least was buried with the past. That sunburned and massive exterior the traveller had brought back with him showed nothing of the tender riot in his heirt. He and Inthia bad saluted each other to all appearance after the most casual and common place fashion. But he could not for his soul keep out of his eyes for the one brief second during which they rested upon hers a hint of the worship which filled h s mind. She had grown to be a finished woman of the world, and was not to be scared out of her self possession by an ardent glance. Her looks were all the cooler for it, but the glance fluttered her strangely. She wondered a little that she was not angered by it ; it seemed so full of a meaning which no stranger had a right to express to her. She was not in the least angry, except with herself because she could command no anger. On the contrary she felt an almost overpowering curiosity about the man, and must needs look at him again. That instinct of the eye, the working of which everybody has experienced, warned Harry of her gaze. Their eyes met jwint blank and flashed an untranslatable message from each to each. She felt a vivid blush dye her very throat and forehead, and turned hastily away. He, Imowing that his glance had frightened her, abused himself sayagely and tried to pin himself down to the vivacious cliatter of Lady MabeL who was pressing a small pocket portfolio upon him. ' It is quite a gem in its way,' said her lady ship musingly. 'There is nothing here, Mr. Morton, which purchasers dare criticise, unless, indeed, they are armed with feminine terrors. All these objects of beauty are the work of our own hands. This portefeuille is mine.' She make a pretty pretence of surprise on opening it. 'No. I must not steal a sister artist's credit. This is Miss Grey's em broidery. I recognise it by its neatness. My own style has more bravura in it. It is only five pounds. Surely you need no persuasion.' He needed none, indeed. At that moment he would have given all he owned for the possession of any trifle which had actually felt the touch of Inthia's fingers. He paid the five pounds and the elegant trifle was his own. He put his hand to his breast pocket and drew out the little leather wallet which held Inthia's last letter. His heart so overflowed over the old souvenir and the new that his fingers and his bearded lips both trembled. That wonder ful instinct of the eye struck him again, and he looked up through a thin, swift flash of tears. Once more he met Inthia's glance and again she blushed beneath it, and turned away in a new wonder and confusion. How dared the man to look at her and why did she not resent it ? Why did she even feel a pleasure in it ? A raw country girl would have known better how to preserve her dignity. Lady Mabel was holding up the note in a half-coquettish, secret triumph to Lady McCorquodale, so that she and the old lady saw nothing of this rapid byplay. Inthia was quite unnerved and fell with shaking fingers to arranging some trifles about the stall. At this point Humphrey Frost came pro deniially back again and renewed the broken talk. Hairy could speak with him at least without betraying the emotions which filled him. By and by Lady Mabel broke in upon them. 'After your presence at a fancy fair, Mr. Morton, your profession of recluse will not be allowed to serve you. A fancy fair, except for the stallkeepers. is the most frivolous of town amusements. A ball, by comparison, is quite a solemn function. I shall really expect to see you at Milne House on Friday, j have received a response to my invitation beginning. ' Mr. Ronald Morton regrets,' and bearing litho graphy on its face. Now that shows that you 'are declining invitations wholesale, but really I expect you to reconsider your detertninat ion. '' 'You will be at Lady Mabel's ball, Miss Grey?' said Frost, leaning across the counter. 'We are dissipating terribly this week,' Inthia answered with an almost feverish bright ness. 'We have three days of the fancy fair, the garden party at Lambeth Palace oa Thurs day, and Lady Mabel's ball on Friday.' 'Come, Mr. Morton,' said Lady Mabel, 'pray consent to bear the penalties of your position. If you are a shy lion I proinisa that you shall not be over-hunted.' 'I shall be delighted,' said Harry, 'to accept your invitation.' Inthia experienced a new disturbance. She had actually indicated her intended where abouts, and it looked to her as if she had offered an appointment. The man liad cer tainly accepted it. And even yet she was not aiigry. Lady Mabel enjoyed quite a reputa ' tion as a lively and agreeable chatterbox, and once having found that the new lion, in spite of bis scar and his other reminiscences of the desert, was elawless, she played about him with ail the popgun artillery of her conversa tional charms. At something she said Frost broke into a decorous laugh, and Hany, whose spirits were at something like fever heat, took it up in less conventional fashion. He had always had a jolly and infectious laugh, and had not of late years been accustomed to con fine it within drawing-room limits. It rang -ont over the hum oi talk, and two or three Score of people turned to look at him. Intbia found Lady McCorquodale regarding her ?almost with a look of terror and at that became conscious of her own aspect. Both hands had gone to her heart, and she was standing with parted lip* and frightened : eyes. | The laugh was so like Harry s. j When she had first seen Mr. Ronald Morton ' he had brought Harry to her mind. The laugh brought him back again even more vividly, j The look the stranger had bent upon her had been like Harry's. A mad, half-formed fancy made her limbs tremble. She knew how foolish and how wild it was, and put it from her mind, but she knew now the source of the interest the traveller excited in her. The tones of his voice had now and then a hint of Harry's in them. His eyes wore a look of i Harry — a resemblance fugitive, but strong. She understood her own feeling and in that knowledge became mistress of herself again. Chapter XVIL At about six o'clock that evening M. Vergueil, strolling leisurely into the vestibule of the hotel, saw there a man in a velvet skull cap of dark blue seated in a little go-cart. He was in animated conversation with the hall porter, and the detective, turning bis back upon him, studied the addresses of the telegrams exposed in a glass case upon the wall. 'GilfoiL' said the man in the go-cart in a strong American tone. 'Gilead C. Gilfoil, to see Mr. Ronald Morton. That's my card aud it's got to go upstairs.' 'Well, sir, I've told you already,' the hall keeper answered, 'that Mr. Morton's orders are imperative. Your name, sir, is not on the list.' 'I sha'n't leave till I've seen him,' the man in the go-cart responded, 'and if you won't take up my card you 11 have to take up a note. Get me an envelope. The ican obeyed, and whilst he was away M. Vergueil continued his study of the telegrams in the glass case. Mr. Gilfoil pencilled a line or two upon a leaf torn from his pocket-book, put his brief missive into the envelope handed to him by the hall porter, and was in the act of addressing it when a young man of common place exterior came down the staircase, flutter ing a 6oeet of paper in his hand.' 'That's the amended list,' he said, address ing the hall porter. ' There are two or three new names on it. You'll find the additions at the bottom.' With that and a nod the young man was gone. The hall porter, casting his eye over the paper placed in his hand, turned again to the man in the go- cart. 'Mr. GilfoiL' he said, 'you name is here. Mr. Mortons secretary has just put the list into my hands.' ' ' That's all right,' said Mr. Gilfoil. ' ' You've got a lift, I reckon. Where is it?' ' This way, sir.' Mr. Gilfoil set his little wheeled chair in dexterous motion and followed the man's foot steps. M. Vergueil ceased his interested study and walked quietly up stairs. He went so leisurely that the man in the go-cart had been admitted to Mr. Roland Morton's rooms before the detective had entered the corridor. Harry Wynne stood in the centre of the room to receive his visitor, and when the waiter opened the door Mr. Gilfoil steered deftly into the apartment. The door closed behind him, aud the two were left alone. The paralytic sat in his chair with one blanched hand on either of the handles by which its mechanism was moved, cocking his porcelain blue eyes upwards at the other's face. 'You're backing down a little, are you, William?' he said in a tone of dry satiric triumph. Harry returned no answer, but studied his man with a look of mlm enquiry. The man studied him in answer, pressing upon him a daring and insolent gaze. ' You can stand£where you are, William,' he said, after staring at him for perhaps half a minute. 'Til take a tour of observation round you.' He set his wheeled chair in motion, threading noiselessly among chair and tables and keeping his eye fixed upon his supposed recalcitrant confederate. A mere flash of amusement lit Harry's eyes as the examiner passed behind him, but by the time Mr. Gilfoil came round to his starting place he had gone as impassive as before. ' You would appear to be interested in my personal appearance, Mr. Gilfoil,' he said quietly. ' I am that,' Mr. Gilfoil responded and con tinued his scrutiny. 'You'vealtered, William, and I ain't a bit surprised that you thought that you- could bluff us. You might ha' done it too, I don't mind telling you, if you'd had the nous to take a new .alias. You wouldn't let out much to Peter this morning, but it wasn't like vou to leave them bonds about, was it, William ?' His wicked blue eye bored at the supposed William like a gimlet. 'You .i5id your comrades, Mr. Gilfoil,' Harry answered him, 'seem to have a curious love of mystery. A Captain Heaton, who announced himself as your friend was here this morning and offered me a great number of mysterious inuendoes. I besought him to speak plainly, but it was all of no avail. He persisted in ail manner of vague evasions, aud I want to tell you now, Mr. Gilfoil, that I am prepared to call a spade a spade, and that I expect you, in your deal ings with me, to display a similar candour. What do_ you want from me?' Mr. Gilfoil wheeled his chair a foot or two nearer and motioned to a scat. 'Sit down there,' he said. 'I don't know what kind o' game you're plaj^iug, but yon ain't going to give me away if I can help it. You ain't gone deaf, have you, William ? You don't want hailing through a speaking trumpet. Bend your head down.' Harry did as he was told. The little paralytic looked viperous enough to give him a touch of actual physical distaste for nearness, but he had not been accustomed to stick at trifles in that direction. ' There is nobody, so far as I know, to over hear us, but you may speak as quietly as you please. Only tell me in plain English what you want. 'D'ye see this?' whispered Gilfoil with a sudden and intensely savage gesture of his blanched hands, which seemed to take in him self from head to feet. ' I see,' Harry responded 'You see,' returned Mr. Gilfoil, growing cold as suddenly as he had grown Iiot ; ' and bitter little you care when you do see. You ask me what I want, aud Pin going to tell you. I want payment for seven years' solitary con finement with hard labor in this machine. I want to be paid for- a paralysed spine and legs that ain't no use to me. You got off scot free, William, and I didn't. When we dropped off that there train together you fell soft and I fell hard, and now you're going to fall hard and I'm going to fall soft if I know how to. Now don't you make any mistake about that, William, because it's so. 'What willfbe will be, Mr. GilfoiL' said Hairy. ' We shall see. ' l^ow I won't take any Mr. Gilf oiling from you,' the cripple answered with that tendency to fly irritably off at any tangent which sufferers of his kind so commonly display. 'My name's Gilead, and I'll trouble you to call me by it.' ' If you insist upon it, Gilead.' Mr. Gilfoil was far from being mollified by this concession, and fixed a venomous ej'e upon upon his companion as if he would willingly have done him any cruel mischief and was only held back from it by his own impotence. ' You got off with the coin,' he said, 'and I got off with a paralysed spine and legs that ain't no use to|me. I thought you meant to be square, and if you didn't I'm blamed if I know now what made you pick me up and carry me three miles to that thundering cutter. If you meant to keep your claws on everything you'd have found it a safer game to leave me there. I should have split m that case to bs sure, but they wouldn't have given you more than fourteen or fifteen years, and you'll ba worse off than that, William, if you try to get around me now. My share's half. You can arrange afterwards with the Co. as you like. They're poor cattle, Hump and Peter and Butterfietd are, and that's a fact. You've got the bonds in your hands. They were seen here this morning. . We'll go over 'em now, if you please and I'll take half of 'ein.' i At the shock of this discovery Harry rose to his feet and took a step or two across the room. | 'Yes, sir,' ea{d'°Mr. Gilfoil, reading these signs in his 'own way, 'it was a greenhorn's trick to leave 'em open on the table. It wasn't a bit like you. Hut the captain saw 'em and he's got the nunibers. Fetch 'em out aud let's have a look at 'era.' 'Can't you give me a chance to be honest, Gilead''' said Harry. With this complete re velation of the ?-eop3e implicated his last shred of unwillingness to piay the part of William Reid vanished. He accepted the position frankly and set quick wits to work to choose the most natural standpoint. 'What do you think I went away for seven years for, Gilead?' 'Well, if you ask me,3 said Gilead, 'I should say it was because you hadn't got the pluck to come home again. There were a heap of kind enquiries after you.' 'Suppose I had had about enough of it, Gilead ? Suppose I'd made up .my mind that the game wasn't worth the candle. Suppose I said to myself, 'I'll 6tart fresh, make an honest name and cut the old gang altogether.' Suprose ? ' 'You're doin' a pile o' supposing,' inter jected Gilead. 'Suppose I suppose a little. S'pose you stop all this tommy rot and hand all them bonds out.' ' Suppose I don't?' answered Harry. ' Sup pose I hand them to the rightful owners ?' 'I'm the rightful owner of one half of 'em,' Gilfoil answered, ' and I'm going to have what belongs to me. As to you turning honest, William, I shall believe that when I see the Tower o' London floating in mid-Atlantic. Honest! Why you're enough to turn the stomach of a hog. Takes up with honesty, and wants to cheat his old paL A fine old honest seven yeais you've been having, I'Jl . bet You couldn't bring the blooming desert with you, could you, William? but I guess you cleaned it out. The next white man that goes there won't find many pickings left. I wouldn't bear a family resemblance to you and travel in them parts, not much I wouldn't. Honest! Here, you've got a [drink of some thing on the premises ? Let me' get the taste of that out of my mouth.' He wheeled his chair to a sideboard and helped himself from a decanter and a syphon which stood there, and having drunk with an air of indignant disgust, returned. ' Look here,' he began again, ' when I want that kind of stuff thrown at me Pll take up a location on a piece of waste] land and stick up a sign-board telling the folks tliat rubbish can be shot there. Fetch them bonds out.' ' Of what use will they be to you, Gilead ?'' Harry asked, beginning to find a certain grim humor in the situationand rather to his own surprise enjoying it. 'That's my business,' Gilead responded. ' We ain't so all-fired clever as you are, but we have managed to do a bit of business in your absence, William. We're doing a bit now, and if you didn't want to play these mule games we could make it worth your while to ba in it, big bug as you are grown.' Harry drew his chair a little closer, and sup pressing a fleeting desire to take Mr. Gilfoil by the throat and shake the life out of him, spoke with a semblance of awakened interest. j ' Could you really, Gilead V' 'Yes, sirre, I could,' Gilead answered. 'The first thing you've got to do is to plank out them hends. 'Come now, Gilead,' said Harry, 'what's the new game ? '?We'Swind up the old one first,' said the tenacious Gilead. 'Fork out them bonds.' ' I don t think I shall do that yet, Gilead,' Harry answered ; 'but if you have anything big enough to tempt me ? '$ 'We'll talk about that afterwards,' Mr. Gilfoil interposedjwith his wicked white face close to his companion's. 'Very well,' said Harry, rising anew. 'As you please. You have forgotten one thing. It would not suit my present game, Gilead, to have these bonds put upon the market.' 'That,' said Gilead emphatically, 'is the first piece of straight talk you've done. If you'd seen fit to meet me in that sperrit all along we might ha' saved both time and. temper. What will suit your present game ?' 'The old plan won't suit my game, Gilead. The new one might. Let's know all about it.' 'Let's make a bargain,' said Gilead. 'If the bonds ain't to go on to the market we can take care of 'em just as well as you can, and we're game to do it. You can hand the whole lot of 'em over into our safe keeping, and then we'll talk to you. I'm not going to say a word about that sort of business here. You come to my shanty. I'll have the other boys to meet you. You can hand the things over formal and everybody will know who's got 'em. It will be all square and above board, and then, if there's any further business to be done, we'll talk it over. I've never so much as hinted, William, that we shan't be glad to have you back again. We can make it worth your while this time if we couldn't before, and I've always given you full credit for your abilities. You come to me to- morrow, twelve o'clock at noon, 112, Fitzroy-street. G.C.G. over the top belL' ' Good, ' said Harry, ' ' I'll be there. '' 'You'll bring the bonds along with you ?:! asked Gilead. 'Now mind, this is the last tinie of asking. If you're going to be dodgy with us we shall make you real sick, William. I shall conduct that party personally, you take my word for it.' ' I understand,' said Harry quietly. 'You shall have the bonds to-morrow. Gilead took his leave, wheeled himself to the lift, was lowered to the ground floor, and was assisted to tKe pavement. M. VergueiL with a face of consummate innocence, had descended two minutes before him, and now stood contemplating the evening prospect in the street. Two men of decent and respectable aspect stood smoking and chatting on the opposite pavement. M. Vergueil laid a forefinger on his lower lip_ and a few seconds later one of the men opposite did the same. The foreigner moved courteously on one side to allow l\Ir. Gilfoil's little carriage to be carried past him. He laid his finger on his underlip again. Mr. Gilfoil was lifted into a four-wheeler and the go-cart being placed on the top of the vehicle lie was_ driven away. The two men on the opposite side of the way got into a hansom which crawled up with a casual air at that moment and without giving instructions to the driver set off leisurely in the same direction. (To be continued.) 