CHAPTER II. A BOATING TRIP. It was not yet evening, but the sun was very low in the west on our right hand; there would be a large moon rising a little while before eight; the breeze continued to blow strong and the ocean rolled into the land in tall, daik-green lines of waves, melting as they charged in endless succession into wide spaces of foam, orange-coloured by the sunset. "?o y^u hear that echo of thunder in the cliff I told you about?" said my husband. I listened and said " Yes." i _ "H> is like a distant firing of guns," said Mary. "'-There are some good boats down there dancing beside the pier," said my husband to the boatman. , "Ay," answered the boatman, "you'll need to sail a long way round the coast to find better boats than them." . " That is a pretty boat, Mary," said I, point ing to one with two masts—a tall mast in the | forepart and a short mast in the stern j she was painted green and red, and she was very clean and white inside, and she appeared in my I eyes the prettiest of all the boats as she dived and tumbled and leaped buoyantly, and not without grace, upon the sharp edge of the I broken water. "That's my boat, lady," said the sailor. What is her nameenquired Mary. "The Mary Hann!" he answered. . Jamed her after my wife. My wife is gone dead. I've got no wife now but she," and he pointed with bis thumb backwards at his boat, "and she's but a poor wife, too. She aims little enough for me. T'other kept the home together with taking in washing, but nobody ! comes to Fiertown now. Folks want what's called attractions. But the Local Board'll do . nothen except buy land as belongs to the men I who formB the Local Board, and the likes of me has to pay for that there land, and when . it's bought fur five times as much as it's worth it's left to waste. Lord, the jobbery! Are ye j making any stay here, sir?" "Yes." answered my husband, "we are here for a month." " And when might ye have arrived ?" en quired the boatman. " To-day," replied my husband. " There s some veiygood fishing to be had here, sir," said the boatman; " if 1 may make . so bold, whenever you wants a trip out, whether for fishing or rowing or Bailing, if so boas you'll ask for me, my name being William Hitchens, best known as Bill Hitchens, pro nounced in one word—Billitchens; for there's -parties here asll swear they didn't know who you were asking for if you don't call me I Bilhtchens—if you ever want a boat, sir, and . you, ladies, if you'll ask for BillitchenB you'll meet with satisfaction. There's nothen to touch the Mary Hann in sailing, whilst for fishing she sits as steady as a rock, as you may guess, sir, by observing her beam." " When I want a boat I will ask for Billit chens," said my husband, glancing at me with I a smile in his eye. " This lady—my wife— . j is fonder of the sea than I am. I dare say : she will sometimes take a cruise with you. But the weather must be fine when she does so." i "You trust the weather tome, lady," said ! the boatman. "Man and boy fur over forty eight year I've been a crawling about this beach and a studying the weather. You leave him to me. Whenever you want a cruise you ask for Billitchens and the Mary Hann, and if the weather ain't promising for the likes of such a lady as you, you shall have the truth..' "What are your charges?" said my hus band. " Vun and sixpence an hour," answered the boatman; " but if you'd like to engage my j boat bv th© week yeehallhave her at your own price, giving me so much every time ye takes me along. " Is she not heavy to row ?" said I. " Lord love ye!" he cried, gazing at his boat with a sour smile of wonder at the ques tion* " A hinfant could send her spinning. "Sides," he added, "I'll take care to ship a pair 'o light oars for you, lady, vot's called sculls, nign as light as this here baccay-pipe." " Well, good afternoon, Mr. Hitchens," said | my husband, and we strolled in the direction of our home, for the shadow of the evening was now upon the sea and the strong wind seemed to have grown very cold on a sudden. I » However, before we retired to rest the night fell silent, the sea stretched in a dark sheet, and from our windows, so high- seated wbb the house, the ocean looked to slope steep into the I sky as though indeed it were the side of a ' mighty hill. The moon rode over it, and under 1 the orb lay a column of glorious silver which stirred like the coils of a moving serpent as the swell or the heave of the water ran through it. 1 The dark body of a ship passed through that brilliant path of light as we stood looking, and the sight was beautiful, My little ones were sleeping well. Johnny slept in our room and baby with the nurse, for my husband oould not bear to be disturbed in his sleep. I looked at my boy and asked my I husband to tell me if he did not think there I already a littlebloomon Johnny's oheek; ! and I kissed my child's sweet brow and golden But it was long before my eyes closed in I it P' ky hearkening to the dull subdued thunder of the surf beating upon the beach far | below at the foot of the cliffs. It was a new strange noise to me. and I lay hearkening to it as though to a voice muttering m giant whispers out of the hush of midnight: and when at last I fell asleep I dreamt that I was in the Mary Ann, and that Bill Hitchens i W&B; 8t©enD£ the boat, and that she was sailing directly up the line of glorious silver under the moon; and I remember that I asked him in my dream how long it would take to reach the moon, that as we sailed waxed bigger and bigger; but, instead of answering, be put bis knuckles into his eyes and began to sob and cry and I awoke to hear little Johnny calling to me to -take -him into my bed. , And now followed ..days as happy as light . hearts and bright skies and good health eould 1-render them. The weather continued splen I did. Sometimes it was . as hot as ever it had j been during the month of July in the city of j 'the Abbey- Church. The neighbourhood was j pleasant—a country of woods and verdant |-dingles-and -spelling pastures—and we made I many excursion*!; and in particular did we enjoy a visit to some old ruins which bad once ' been an abbey ;. (but now its windows yawned, its roof was gone, large portions of its masonry bad fallen, its floor was a tangled growth of rank grass and weeds. We listened to the wind whistling through these ruins! We listened with bated breath and with raised imaginations, for the noise of the wind was like the chanting of friars intermixed with a thin wailing of women's voices; and as I listened I could not help thinking to myself that it was as though the ghosts of longdeparted monks and chaste and holy nuns had viewlessly assembled round about ns to sing some solemn dirge, and that if our sight were as fine a sense as our hearing— if indeed we oould seethe invisible as we hear it—we might behold the vision of the building itself Bpread over our heads, and on either hand of ub in roof, in glorious coloured window —in sepulchral monument. Here it was that my little Johnny, in running from me towards the grass which grew upon what had been the pavement of this ancient abbey, tripped and fell and lay scream ing as though fearfully hurt. Mary took him up; he was not hurt. My husband looking into the grass to oDserve what had tripped the child put his hand upon something grey and picked up a little skull. "Good God!" he cned, casting it lromhim with a shudder, "let ub get away from this place!" But Mary remained behind, alone, for some minutes with her eyes bent upon the little skull, musing upon it. Though we made several inland excursions our chief haunts were the pier and the beach. Oh, those were happy days indeed. My sister and I would take oampBtools down on to the sandB, and long mornings did we thus pass, my husband moving indolently here ana there, smoking, examining pools of water, stooping to pick up a shell,' Johnny scooping with a stick at my side, baby sleeping in the arms of the nurse. There we would sit and watch the quiet surface of the sea that melted into the blue air where the sky came down to it, and gaze at the oncoming breaker poising its tall emerald freen head for a breathless instant like Bome uge snake about to strike^ ere tumbling in thunder and snow and roaring seawards in a cataract of yeast. We seemed—indeed I believe we were—the only visitors in the place. Nobody intruded upon us; the miles of sand were our own; Robin Bon Crusoe's dominion was not more absolute. The boatman named William Hitchens had called at the house early in the morning to know if we would go for a nice little eau or row during the day, but the answer I sent by the servant was not yet. I was in no hurry to go for a nice little sail or a row. When I was on the sands the sea was so olose to me that it was almost the same as being on it; and the novelty of having the sea feathering to my feet in white and broken waters remained too great an enjoyment for some days to induce a wish in me for wider experiences. And then again neither Mary nor my hus band had the least taste for boating, so that if I went I must go alone. I was not even able to have my children with me, for the nurse declared that the mere looking from tbo beach at a boat rocking upon the water made ber feel ill, and I dared not, single-handed, take the children, for how could I, holding the baby, have looked after little Johnny, who was always on the move, crawling here, and creeping there, and who was just the child to wriggle on to a seat of the boao and tumble overboard whilst my head was turned. However, after we bad been at Piertown five days we walked down to the sands as usual sifter breakfast, and as we passed the entranoe of the pier Bill Hitchens approached us pulling at a grey lock of hair that hung upon hiB forehead under an old felt bandit shaped hat. "A beautiful morning for a sail or a row, " asirl (to nrlrlpoocinrv himcolf (j*» mo ec lady," said he, addressing himself to me as though he had long before made up his mind that there was no custom to be got out of my huBband and my sister; " why not venture fur an hour, mum? There's as pretty a little off shore vind ablowing as could be wished. And look bow smooth the water is. Only let me draw you clear of this here ground swell aud E won't know you're afloat. Or if you don't e sailing I'll put a small oar into the boat, and with me rowing agin ye, lady, ye shall see how light a boat she is." "Go, Agnes," said my husband, observing tbat I looked wistfully at the water. "Come, Mary," said I. "No, dear," she answered. "lam certain to suffer from headache afterwards." " Why don't pou come along, sir 1" said the boatman to my husband. "Because I am very well, thank you, Bill itchenB, and I wish to remain well," answered my husband. " I will go," said I, and instantly the boat man was in motion. He ran with uncouth gestures to a ladder that descended the pier side, disappeared down it, and presently emerged in a little skiff which he propelled with an oar over the stern. Having arrived at his boat, which was moored in the middle of the small harbour—if I may so term the epace of water within the embraoe of the crooked arm of the pier—he freed and brought her to some steps. I entered, perhaps a little nervously, sat down, aud Billitchens, throwing his oars over, pulled the boat out to sea. Little Johnny screamed and wept, imagining that I was leaving him for ever. I kissed my band and waved it to him, and Mary taking the little fellow in her arms comforted him. Now out of that simple English scene of coast life, out of the familiar commonplace ex perience of a boating trip, what, if it were not death, what should be able to shape itself so potent in all horror as to utterly and absolutely shipwreck my happiness and make a frightful tragedy of my life ? Death it might well hare been; again and again small sailing boats are capsizing and their inmates thrown into the water and drowned; but worse than death was to befall me. When I close my eyes, and behold with the vision of my mind the soene of that little town, the ter races of the cliffs, though I am abl9 to connect the long chain of circumstanoes link by link, the memory of the disaster and all that fol lowed the disaster affects me even at this instant of time with the violence of a para lysing revelation. I know the past to be true, and still I gaze dumbly and with terror back wards incapable of crediting it. . But the dreadful misfortune that was to overwhelm me did not happen at once. No; my short excursion tbat morning I thoroughly enjoyed. All was safe, well, and delightful. I told the boatman to keep somewhat olose in to the shore, and I held my husband and sister and children in view all the while. The boat man rowed leisurely, and my dear ones on the shore kept pace with the boat until they had arrived at their favourite spot on the sands, where they seated themselves and watched me. I rowed a little, and found the oar the man had placed in the boat for my use very light and manageable; but I plied it unskilfully ;, indeed I was but a wretched oarswoman.; Vet it amused me to dip the blade into the water, however clumsily, and to feel tbat the boat received something of ber impulse from the swing of .my figure. ' Bill- -Hitchens talked much, and' had I 1 heeded hie conversation I might have found bis queer words and odd thoughts and expres sions amusing, but I was too much occupied with my oar, and with looking at the group on the sands, and with admiring the coast to attend to his queer speech. And indeed we ! were juet at such a distance from the coast bb 1 enabled me to witness in perfection its incom parable romantic beauties. The cliffs rose in dark and rugged ramparts, and their gloomy massy colours were peculiarly defined by the line of white surf which, the fall of the breakers being continuous, seemed fixed as. though painted along the foot of the coast. The windows of toe house we occupied sparkled over the edge of the heights, but the structure was so high lodged, the altitude of it from the sea appeared so prodigious, that spite of the softening shadow of trees behind it, and spite of its quaint and oosy shape, it had an odd, wild, windy look to my eyes, and I wondered as I gazed at it that it had not been levelled long ago by one of the many hurri canes of wind which Bill Hitohens told me thundered across the sea and against the land in winter time blind with snow and black with flying scud. And the town made me think of Tennyson's description of a coastal village, for there was a frosty sparkle upon the houses as though they were formed of rock salt. The Bkv was a deep blue, and I noticed that it seemed to tremble and thrill where the bend of it disappeared past the edge of the cliffs as if the aye of the cliffs themselves were lifting and silting into it and deepening the beauty of its hue just there. The water was everywhere flashful with the light wind that was blowing from tne land. Presently the boatman said— " Lady, let.me gi' you a bit o' a sail 1" I consented, and he took my oar from me and laid it in the boat) then loosed a big sail that lay upon the seats and hoisted it; and afterwards he set a little sail at the stern, mid then sat down at the tiller and steered, making the boat skim along on a line with the beach. My dear oneB flourished their handB to me. This was enjoyment indeed 1 The boat seemed to me to sail wonderfully fast. I looked over the stern and perceived that she left behind her a long furrow as beautiful with its ornamentation of foam and bubbles, and eddies as a length of rioh lace. Hitchens sailed the boat to and fro, and all the time he was bidding me observe what a beautiful boat she was, now there was nothing whatever to be afraid of, and how in such a boat as the Mary Hann (as he called her) a party of people might Bail round the United Kingdom in perfect oomfort and seou nty. "Only make it vurth my vile," said he, "and I'd go to Ainirikeyin this here boat. Make it vurth my vile, lady, and I'd double the Harn in her. Amerikey was discovered by folks as would have swopped their precious eyes for such a boat as this here to make the voyage in. I don't speak of Australey, for Cook he had a ship, but I've keered tell of ColumbuB; there's one of. us chaps as has read all about that gent and is always ayarn ; and ower and ewer I ve heard ing about him; him Bay that that there Columbus would have swopped his precious eyes for the likes of such a boat as the Mary Bann fur to make his dis covery with." In this manner Bill Hitchens discoursed about his boat as he sat beside the tiller with his head well between his Bhoulders and his back rounded like a cat's at the sight cf a dog. . After this I was continually niaking excur sions with Bill Hitchens. Having got to know him I never would hire another in hiB place. Indeed he took care that nobody should sup plant him, and called for orders every morning with the punctuality of the butoher or the grocer. Often would I go out twice a day so keen was my enjoyment of the pastime of sailing and rowing. Twice my husband accompanied me, but after the second time he tola me he had had enough, and he went no more in the boat. Once I coaxed Mary into joining me and in lees than five minutes the boatman was obliged to put her ashore, and when-1 returned two hours later I found her motionless on the sofa with a sick headache. The behaviour of the boatman did not belie the character I seemed to find written in his face. He proved a very honest, civil, and deserving fellow, possessed of a quality of BOUrneBS that imparted a particular reliBh to his odd manner of speaking. I did not fear to be alone with this man. I had every confi dence in his judgment and prudence. He was allowed by his comrades of the beach to be one of the smartest boatmen on the coast. My husband ascertained this, and he also agreed with me in my opinion of the fellow's respect ability, and day after day I would enter the boat and my husband would stand watching me without the faintest misgiving of any sort in cither of us. On several occasions Hitchens carried me out to so great a distance that the features of the land were indistinguishable, and these long trips I enjoyed most of all; they were like voyages, and when I stepped on the shore I uld f ' ' " J — would feel as though I had just arrived from the other side of the world. We had now been a day over three weekB at Piertown. The weather had continued fine and warm throughout—in truth, a more beauti ful October I never remember—and we bad all benefited vastly by the change. But on the morning of this day my husband received a letter. He opened it, read it attentively, and exclaimed to me across the breakfast table— "I shall have to leave you for a couple of "Why!" I asked. He passed the letter to me; it was a busi ness letter addressed to him by his clerk.. The nature of the business doea not concern us; enough that the call was important and per emptory. - The business, my husband said, would certainly detain him in Bath until the hour of the departure of a late train on the following night, if indeed he should then be able to return.. I packed his hand-bag, and - Mary and I walked with him to the railway station. 1 kissed him and we parted. My Bister and I returned home to take the children to the sands. .We passed the morn ing under the cliffs, talking and reading and playing with the children. It was a bright day but I afterwards remembered noticing that the sky was wanting in the beautiful clear vividness of hue it had worn on preceding days. The azure had a somewhat dim and soiled look, such as one might fancy it would exhibit in a very fine, thin duststonn. I also afterwards remembered having observed that there was a certain bras siness in the glare of the sun, as if his light were the reflection of his own pure golden beams cast by a surface of burnished brass or copper. These things I afterwards recolleoted that I had noticed, yet I do not remember that I spoke of them to my sister. We dined at 1 o'clock. The road from our house to the sands carried us past the entrance to the pier. As we leisurely strolled, Bill Hitchens lifted bis breast from the post which he was overhanging, and.approacbed.us with a respectful salutation of his band to his brow. :"Will you be going oat this arternoon, ady?" he. asked. "My husband has. been called away," I replied, "and I do not feel as if I should care to go upon the water during hie absence." . "Ton will find the afternoon tedious, dear," said Mary. "It'e a beautiful day, lady," said the boat man. " There's a nice little air o' wind stir ring. Couldn't ask for a prettier day for a sail, lady." " It is eomewhat cloudy," said I, directing my gaze at the sky. "Tine weather clouds, lady," said the boat man. " Keep your sight upon 'em for a bit and you'll find they're scarcely moving." "That is true," said I. " If you go,"said Mary, "Iwill take Johnny and baby for a drive," "YouH soon be leaving Piertown, lady,' worse lock!" said the boatman with an in sinuating grin. _ " This here fine weather ain't agoing to laet either. It won't be long afore we'll be laying our boats up. It may be blow ing hard to morrow, lady, and it may keep on blowing until your time's up for returning." I reflected and said:— "Well, Hitchens, you can get your boat ready for me by half-past 2 or a quarter to 3. I shall be baok by 4,' said I, addressing Mary as we proceeded home, " and by that time you will have returned. Do not keep baby' outi later than 4." And we talked of my husband and on home, matters as we climbed the road that led to the level of the cliff. At a quarter past 2 Ivras ready to walk to - the pier for a trip which I thought mighb likely enough prove my last, and which was not to exceed an hour and a quarter. I was dressed iif the costume in which I usually made these excursions; in a blue seige dress,, a warm jacket, and a sailor's hat of greystraw. An old-fa6hioned carriage stood at the door waiting for Mary and the nurse and children. I took baby in my arms and kissed her, and ■ I lifted Johnny ana kissed him and saw the little party into the oarriage, which drove off. I lingered a minute or1 two. A strange sense of loneliness suddenly possessed me. I " cannot imagine what could have caused it, if it were not the silence that followed upon the carriage driving off, together with the thought that my husband was away. I entered the little parlour to ascertain the time by the clock on the mantelpiece, for my . watch having stopped I had left it in my bed room. Upon the table lay a pair of baby's shoes, and a horse and cart that my husband baa bought for Johnny was upon the floor. Ab E. looked at these things I was again visited by an unaccountable feeling of loneliness. But ib could possess no possible signification to me,, and passing out of the house1 closed the hall door and walked briBkly down to the pier. The boat was ready. I entered her and Hitchius rowed out of the harbour. The sur face of the water was smooth, for the small breeze of the morning had weakened yet and was now .no more than a draught of air; bub the sea undulated with what sailors call " a swell," upon which the boat rose and sank with a sensation of cradling that was singu larly soothing to me. The horizon wan somewhat misty, and E observed that the extremities of the ooast on either hand in the distance were blurred, showing indeed as though they were mirrored in a looking-glass upon which you had slightly breathed. " It looks somewhat foggy out upon the sea," . said I. "Nothen but heat, lady, nothen but heat. I like to see fog myself with the wind out ab . no'the. When that happens with fine weathec it sinifies that fine weather's agoing to last." The figures of a few boatmen idljr lounged upon the esplanade. A man in a white apron smoking a pipe stood at the door of one of the public-houses watching us as the boat receded. A coaetguardsman, stick in hand, leaned over the edge of the pier gazing down at the little oluster of boats which swayed upon the gently heaving water of tha harbour. The sun shone upon a bright gilt sign of a cook or bird of some Bort over the door of one of the publio houBeB; and next door to this sign was another, the painted head and bust of a woman eagerly inclining forwards with the right arm advanced and. a wreath in her hand. It had probably* been the figurehead of a ship. These little details of the picture I remem ber remarking as I looked at the shore whilst i he boat leisurely drew away. What a dull motionless place did Piertown seem 1 The main street climbing the hill was visible pasb the curve of the pier, and only two figures were to be seen ascending it. "I cannot understand how you men get a living," said 1 to Bill HitchenB. "We don't onderetand it ourselves, lady," laid he. " You are boatmen, but nobody hires your boats," said I. " How do you live V " It's a riddle, mum," answered Hitcheus, "and there ain't no answer to it." "Yet those boatmen," said I, "who are standing upon the esplanade are comfortably dressed, they appear neat and clean, their, clothes may be rough, but they are fairly good and warm, they are all smoking, and, I sup pose they pay for the tobacco they smoke;. they and others like them are constantly in . and out of the public-bouses, and the beer which they drink must cost them money. How do they manage ?" " I've been, man and boy, getting on fur. eight and forty years upon that there beaob," said Bill Hitchens, " and if you ask me to tell you how me and the likeB of me manages, vy my answer is, lady, I gives it up." We were silent, ana I continued to look ab the shore and to admire the scene of it. "The time was," said Bill HitchenB, medita tively, " ven I hoped to live to see the day as 'ud find me the landlord of a public-house. When all's said and done, lady, I don't know that a plain man like myself could ask for a more enjoyable life than a public. Take a dark, vet, cold night, blowing hard and the sir full of snow and hail. Only think of the pleasure of opening the door just to look out, so as to be able to Btep back again into the light and warmth and all the different smells of the liquors," he added, snuffing. "Only think how pleasingly the. time flies in yarning with cub toners. Then if ever ye stand in need of a drain there it is, anything ye like and nothen to pay, 'cos ven a landlord drinks it's always at the expense of his customers vether they knows it or not. Then think again, lady, of a snug little parlour at the back, all shining vith clean glasses and mugs like silver, vith a varm fire and a kettle of boiling water always ready. Ah!" He broke off with a deep sigh. " I think I will take an oar," said I. " hot' bless me," he cried, running his eyes over the boat. "I've forgotten to ship a pair of sculls for you," by which term he signified the light oars he was in the habit of placing in the boat for my use. *' The cars you are rowing with will be too heavy for me, I fear," eaid L "Idon't think vun of 'em vill, mum,"he answered. " Suppose ye toy it. After your'e tired of rowing we'll hoist the sail, for we shall find mure vind stirring ven we get out furder." He adjusted the oar for me, and I seated myself at it and began to row. He sat in the bows of the boat near the tall mast and I upon ■ a binder seat at tbatendof the boat which 1. had beard him call the "stern sheets. I did . not find the oar so heavy as I had feared. The boatman had placed it so as to fairjy bi^sno ■ ib,and I continued to swing it without much trouble. But after I had been rowing for a few minutes the pressure of the handle of the oar in my grasp oaused my rings to hurt me. I endured the inoonvenience' until it became a pain, then tilting the oar and supporting it by my elbow I pulled off my rings, thatistosaymy wedding ring and two others—all that I wore —and placed them bv mysideon the sail which lay in a sort of bundle along the seats. Inever had any superstitious feeling about my wedding ring. Over and over again had I removed it to wash my hands. With many. \- women, when once the wedding ring is on it is on ever.. Well would it have been for me had I possessed the sentiment of tender and graceful superstition that influences most wives in this way. ■ My rings being removed I applied myself -again to the oar, and for about a quarter of an hour Bill Hitohens and I continued to row the boat out into the open sea. By this time we had reaohed a distance of a mile from the land.. The faint air had been alowly freshening into a little breeze, and the water was rippling briskly against the side of the boat. I was now tired of rowing, and asking Bill Hitchens to take the oar from me I rose from my seat and sat down near the tiller. "May as well hoist the sail now, lady, don't ye think?" said Bill Hitchens. " Yes, you can hoist the sail," said I, " but I do not wish to go too far from the land. What o'clock is it ?" He "extracted an old silver watch from somewhere under his jersey and gave me the time. " I wish to be at home by about a quarter past'4," said I. He anBwpred that he would see to it, and' seizing a ropeyvhioh passed through the top of Ihel ' ' ! ~ " the mast he hoisted the sail. He then came to whbre' I waa sitting and set the little sail upon' the mast at the stern; and when tins. was done 1 he grasped, the tiller, and the boat; feeling the pressure of . the breeze, in her broad canvas— —for though the was a. small boat she carried a sail that I would think was disproportionately large for her size—heeled over'and cut through the water on her side very quickly. " It's a nice soldier's vind for the land, lady," said the boatman. " What iB a soldier's wind ?"■ I asked. "Why," he answered, "a vind that allows ye to go there and back wherever ye may be bound to." " The coast looks a long way off, HitchenB." " It's vorking up a bit hazy, lady, but there's nothen to hurt." "Iexpect the sky will be overcast before sunset, said I. "Do you see that bank of clouds hazily peering through the air over the coast there 2" , And I indicated a portion of the land which certainly did hot lie in the direction whence the wind was blowing; so that it was plain to me, ignorant as I was in all such matters, though ; my perception had been sharpened a little oy being much upon the water, and by listening to Bill Hitohens discoursing upon the several aspects of his calling, I say it was plain tome that those clouds were working their way up over the land, and that if they did not promise a change of weather, they must certainly be token a ohange of wind. The boatman cast his eyes carelessly towards the coast and said " There was nothing to hurt ht them clouds. He rather believed they was settling away instead of rising," and then he changed the subject by asking me if my hus band had gone to London, and if it was as big a place as folks pretended it to be. 