NOVEL A WAVE OF LIFE, BY CLYDE FITCH. (CONTINUED.) CHAPTER III. Mrs. Synnett wae never happier than 'when receiving her friends on Sunday evening. Twa moment any one entered her rooms ehe made him feel welcome, and then agreeable in conversation somiwhere. She waa with her guests like an artist with bis colors : the knew Low to combine those that went well together. And her music-room wau «IW&T; s crowned, because people knew they would not be depended upon to amuse themselves and their hostess at Ure. Synnett'p. This Sunday evening Farnsworth and Wel- don had dined there informally, after walk ing home with the two girls from the afternoon service at St. Mary's, where they had gone to hear nome festival music. Wel- don was being made nee of by Mrs. Synnett. He was always willing to be introduced to «ny one for the sake of helping her in any way. He did not have Farnsworth^ tact himself of filling up a breach, but he would allow himself to bs bored with composure, when teld how. Bita was regularly sacrifised on the social altar every Sunday evening oy ber mother, without any of the parental compunction which filled the breast of Abraham when he ledlsaacup the mountain. Nothing.of course, waa expected of Madge, except what she would do ot ber own sweet will, which some times was more than the others were capable of, but was more often rather little. She stood this evening with Farnsworth, at ene tide, telling him «ho the people were as they came in, and criticising freely. Rita eaw the evident state of good feeling be- tween them with pleased surprise. * Ah ! who is that ?' asked Farnsworth, as a tall, handsome woman dressed in red, with a superb figure, greeted Weldon somewhat impressively, and took him away from an irresponsive, middle-aged, thin little crea- ture, a poetess whose volume had not yet «orne out, and with whom he had been trying to converse on his whole repertoire of topics. 'That's Mrs. Norri«. Isn't she stun- ning}* 4 Who is she ? 4 Why, don't you know ? She writes so- ciety articles for the papers. Every one is awfully afraid of ber except the men, and they all worship her.' ' I don't wonder.' «No ; do rouP I'm with the men. I'm devoted to her. We're great friends. I'll introduce you.' 'Thanks,-later; I'm in no hurry just now. Who's her husband V 4 Her what ?' repeated Madge, laughing. ' I'm ßure I don't know. Nobody does. No- body ever Eaw him or heard of him. She hasn't any.* 4 But I thought you said she was Mrs. Norris ?' 4 I did, but she's a divorcee. I should have thought you'd know that when I told you she was a fociety correspondent of the newspapers. They nearly all are. I think it n>uBt be one of the requirements ; and they add to it the ability to keep their repu tation better and longer than moat society women, and againsttwioe ae great odds.' Farnsworth was watching her talk with Weldon. Her face was Fall of splendid animation. Health, spirit, worldly wisdom, ireedom, were expressed in every feature aaa movement. She would have made a fine Goddess of Liberty as she etoed there. ' We've known her,' Madge went on, 'ever since I can remember. She s awfully amus- ing, and so clever. You ought to hear her apologiee for putting mamma's " at homes" in her notes, because mamma pretends she doesn't like being in the newspapers, when we know, and so does Mrs. Norris, ot course, that it really pleases her, and that she cats out and keeps every notice.' ' She seems to like Weldon very «mob.' ' Yes, because she can't flirt with him. He doesn't know how to flirt. You'd better give h'm iersons.' Sh« looked quizzically at him. ' Thanks,' said Fotueworth, buiiling. * I ehouldn't like to interfere with your training, I frbould say he wa« in a fair way to learn here, if he is going to at all.' ' Thdt'6 one fur you,' said Mad^e ; 'but I told Rita, after the fi st time I saw you, that you were a flirt.' 'Did you?' answered Farnsworth, pro- vokingly. ' On, you're getting disagreeable again,' said Madge. 'Let's talk about the people. You'll know them all intimately before the winter's over. Most cf them come regu- larly.' ' Well, then, tell me who all those people are grouped in the corner.' ' Where P Oh, yes. The man standing is a Browning reader. The lady next to hi<u with the euepici usly golden hair, is Mrs. Hedder, the great amateur actress (don't you know?-five dolían a ticket, and no seat when you get there). They're always to- gether ; she says h-.t husband doesn't oare tor society, and it's quite evident he doesn't -for that of hin wife. The quiet little woman next to her is an uninteresting non- entity, but she's very rich, and takes a bi>x or all of Mrs. Heddar's performances, and longs to all of tho Browning classes : BO ey are naturally polite to ber. He. hus banc'e here somewhere, I'm cure ; yes, there he is over in the alcove, 1 oking at a bcoh. Thai's the way he spends his whole < v. ni jg, generally with the same book, and wc doi't bother him, because we know it embarrasses him to meet étrangers, and he can't talk to eave his neck. His wife wants to be known as a society woman, though why the Lord ODly knowe, for she always e¿em* bored to death, and no one would take any notice of her if she didn't boast a clief and give one of the best dinners in New York. . ' Those two men talking together beside her a» both viever : the swellest one, with the big boutonnieret is an Eoglish literature professor, aud a delight'ul essayist ; the other's a newspaper editor. One's a Repub- lican, and the other's a Democrat ; and that's the way they go on all evening. The tall, aristocratic-looking woman just going to join them is Miss Wright, the Social Sci- entist.' Madgi paiuei, a little out of breath, * Ie it really ?' exclaimed Farnsworth, leaning over interestedly to see her better. ' DJ you know ber r* asked Madge. ' No : oh, no : bnt I've beard of her. Fleece goon. You can't imagine how en- tertained I am.* This was quite true, and Ma ige, who was also enjoying it, continued : ' The rest of the group in the corner are the pretty woman in tue yellow dress has written a successful piay, which is running now somewhere. The handsome man behind her is anEnglish actor, the leading man in Mary Anderson's company. She was going to marry him once, which is enough to make a lot of other women want to no v. Next to bim is a poet who writes dt fight?ul verses which every one reads. Just behind us don't look around-is his opposite. The round girl with them plays on the piano, reelU Mays, like a dream,-the kind of music which makes the chills creep up and down your back. Now,' taking a breath and smiling ot Farnsworth, who smiled back, en- joying himself hugely, 'the lady to whom ! mamma takes so many people is a new novelist ; but of course you know her : you brought her here. Thatmanpoor Rita is speak - to is a physiologist of some sort,-I don't kaow exactly what, but it's disagreeable, .nd no one else will talk to him.so she has to, though »he doesn't understand half he eaye,as he has an impediment in his speech.' He looked at Rita just as she had turned her head away from him. She was envying Madge with all her heart, but was honestly frying to pay attention to Mr. Roscommon. Farnsworth saw the distant look in her clear eyes, and felt the kind little emile was forced. He wanted to go to her, to tase ber away from that man who seemed to be in the mid t of a locg harangue and made motions every now ana then, H s he talked, with a largo, flat hand He decide! he would go after Madge had finished her amusing description. ' The best dressed womaa ia the room is Mrs. Van Ojfcrand,' said Madge. ' She's a connection of the A-s, and is the friend who always eends ns ou- Assembly tickets, and is one of the few of that ¿et who come often to fha house. She comes because it's different here and amuses her. The man coming in now is a husband without his wife, for a change, instead of the other way around. His wife is a great friend of ours, but she doesn't approve of Sunday sight ' at homes,' so she coates to eee us other times. The tall, lanky man by the piano is a widower with three children, who i has been in love with Rita for the last few years, but who follows her about from a . a distance so you can't exactly snub bim. He's never bau, the o mr age to propose ; and we've concluded that When he married before it must have been leap-year. He writes. Everybody here does something. Those who don't do anything else over-exert them- selves in their attempts to do nothing. 4 The handsome man with che grey hair is an army officer from the fort, who goes everywhere that Mrs. Norris doe«. Three times there has been a report spread that they were geing to be married; but they aren't yet. You see that rather stout, bald man wt.o is going p round trying to make himself agreeable to every one who'll let ' him P He was a very popular singer once, but it's the ghost cf nis voice now that walke. I knew that voices usually float, or . soar, or something like that, but his doesn't any longer, I assure you : it has come down now and walks. Of course he can't get professional engagements any longer so h ; gojs to all the ' at homes ' he can, hoping to be asked to sing as a favour. A great many people do ask him, but mamma doesn't dare, for I've told her I would not play when he sang. He sets my teeth on (dye. I know it's horrid of me, but I can't help it. And of course mamma always likes to exhibit her daughter. It's dread- ful to have the showman instinct in your mother. There, I've finished.' 'I'm sorry,' said Farnsworth, laughing heartily. < And you muet tell me who this is,' as a young college boy walked past them and stumbled over a chair, his hands being apparently the only things in the room of which he was conscious. ' That,' said Madge, suppressing a 6tnile as the subject bowed to her and then rolled his eye« up and stare 1 hard at the ceiling to show he wa« perfectly at ease,-'that is Mrs. Osprey's «on* She takes him around with her everywhere ; sha says he's such a protection ;-though against what she needs it no one can imagine. That ie she talking to the unappreciated poet behind us,-the very middle-aged lady in the girlish dis» guise.' ' Why is it,* asked Farnsworth, ' fiat people are so afraid of growing old P Nearly every one is the same. We value youth almost above riehes.' ' I know it,' said Midge. ' If women especially would only learn to grow old gracefully ! But wo don't somehow ; we spend all our time trying to rub out the Voes Time draws, like t ie photographer who,- in . touching up ' a photograph, usually leaves it characterless. Well, most of the other people are charming, as you will find out for yourself. Now I'm going to present you to Mrs. Norris.' Mrs. Norris and Farnsworth liked each other from the first. She had read his book and enjoyed it, and -she made him realize this without actually telling him so. 'Of course you're in love with Madge,' she said. ' Isn't she a wonderful creature P 'Yes, shelis; but I don't feel that I knoW-her yet: : I don't understand her.* * You mustn't *xpeot to understand her,' answered Mrs. Norris. ' Thera are some things, human as well as divine, that you muBt take on faith. Madge Synnett is one 'of them. Fd give anything if one of my children were like her.' 'One of your whatf' exclaimed Farns- worth,his surprise getting the better of him. ' Yes.' said Mrs. Norris, looking at him amusedly and quite enjoying it. 'Didn't you know I had two children down in my old place on the Hudson ?-dear, nice children ; but it's true I seldom speak of them, and they never come up to town. They're living with a maiden aunt of mine, a good old creature who always had all the maternal feeliog of the family.* Farnsworth was on the point of asking how old they were, but saved himself just in time, and spoke of Bita instead. Mrs. Norris echoad his admiration, but said she understood her less than Madge. ' I love her',' she said, * but she's quite beyond rte, and she's the one person in the world who reminds me I have a conscience. I'm never with her leng at a timt without seeing her do simethiug whioh I know I ought to do, but I won't take the trouble. She's a clever li tie thing, too. She's a rival of yours : shs writes.' \- iee, xsnowu, mia ivainswortn ; 'iva eeen several of ter short stories : they are j quite original, and her simplicity of style is ! delightful. It is only because she is as yet immature in her work that she has not had more success. I believe with some great i experience the would do great thums.' j ' Of course she hasn't Madge's genius,' j remarked Mrs. Norris, with the complacent air with which so many women speak of the divine spark. ' Yes !' answered Farnsworth, in a non- committal voice, not sure himself whether he should speak so decidedly. ' What an amusing crowd there are here !' he continued, afttr a moment. ' I suppose you know them all ?' ' Yes, most of them. I wish I could be carried off and dropped right down in the middle of ^n entirely new set of people. These all get to look more or less alike,-do you no ice it ? each one seems to say to the other, * I do so end so, what do you do P* and your first thought always on being in- troduced to any one is, * I wonder what he's written." 'But yet they are not all writers, are they?' ' No, indeed ; there are painters and mu- sicians among them, and some very delightful people who read and listen. And here's one of the bores,' she added, as an over-dressed little woman, passed her and bowed conspicuously. 'That's the third time she's bowed to me to-night : she's freefed me from all over the room. Di you now why ? ehe wants me to be sure to see I her, and put her name ia the* amongst those present.' Isn't she silly f * Farnsworth laughed as if it were a good j joke. He liked this woman : first, because I she was so candid, and because she had an ; opinion ; then, besides, he liked her manner I and her personality. They had been talking some time, during all of which eke had stood beside him, as tall as he, aul as straight, moving her head well and keeping her splendid figure in perfeot repise. She was one of those few women who seem to be totally unconscious of their appearance. She had not once arranged her gows even surreptitiously, nor touched her wâist, nor fastened a jewel nor tampered with her fan, nor minded her glove. « Come,' she said, ' we might as well sit down; there's no extra charge,' laughmg.and raising her eyebrows, 'an J Algernon Boling broke is going to read 6ome Browning, I see.' The man with the bright tie, of the group in the corner, was leaning towards Mrs, Hedder, who was evidently advising him what to read, 'Are you fond of Browning?' asked Farnsworth. 4 Well, to be honest, I don't care for any poetry : the rhyme annoys me. I've always thought I should lise Browning, but some" how I can never listen : as soon as any one has commtoeed reading, a word or some- thing ia the poem suggests something else personal to me, and my thoughts go wonder- ing off, and my attention is only attracted again by some sentence whioh strikes forcibly, I T don't exaaÚV know whv.* «Yes, but don't you think-. ' 'Sh * motioned Mn. Norris : ' be s going to commence. I always pretend to listen, at any rate : I think it's brutal not to.' Mr. Algeron Bjlingbroke stood by the piano, leaning slightly against ir. He had a Slain but strong and attractive face. A eavy look of of stray black bair fell over on his forehead, ref usin; to «tay in place. His long frock-coat fitted to perfection, and his boutnnoniere was a cluster of white tuberoses. He turned over the leaves of a well-worn, book for a few moments. Mrs. Bedder rengaine t where he had left her, only taking a more intense attitude. She held a hot-house rose tightly in one hand which dropped over the arm of her chair, in the other she rested her chin, with her elbow onhet knte, and opening her lips a little, remained so.rigidly,through the whole read- ing, her eyes fixed straight ahead of her. She was thinking about the costume ehe W4S going to have for the uexl play, and deciding on the materials. Most of the people in the room drew nearer, or to one side, until som» idea of a semicircle was obtained in front of the reader. The unsuccessful poet baned against the casing of one of the windows, with his head thrown back, and gazed at the chandelier. A rival reader withdrew into a distant corner to whisper witty criticism and complimentary inuenaoea to Mrs. Oiprey. I. Young Osprey slipped out of the room and through the front door into the street to emote a cigarette. A group of true ad- mirers of Robert Browning and appreciators of Bolingbroke's really good reading were just in f ront. Those who affected an admir- ation which they were not capable of feeling were withdrawn discreetly a tittle outside the circle, where they could watch the people in the room. The successful new novelist and several others wh) had been having a very jolly time, and who never oared for wading of any sjrt, showed their genial breeding, like lire. Norrie, by good naturedly preparing themselves to listen. Mrs. Van Oitrand found a retired place behind the piano, where ehe leaned back ia a tounaing-euair and olosed her eyes; she would be quite rested at the end of the poem to go to Mrs. Steering'a. Toe small elderly poetess whose votante had not yet appeared aat inside the semicircle, close toBolingbroke, because she was quite deaf, and, as tt was, only caught a word now and then. Weldon aat in one window-seat, unconsciously look- ing at his hands. Madge eat in another with Captain Galloway, watching Weldon. Mr. Roscommon had just tcld Rita, with a gesture, that hs would finish what be was explaining after the reaiing. Poor Rita commenced to look as if her head was aching. Farnsworth could not allow it any longer. ? Do you know,' he said, 'ita ashame for Miss Sfnuett to be sacrificed to that man P I Can't we rescue her from him P1 « Yee,' answered Mrs. Norris. ' Fil go over with you. You take Rita off, and leave me for Ros:ommon. I mean.it,' abe said * *it won't make any difference to me whom I am with daring the reading, and for A ICWIA nrVilla att-ar fKof tin'll unnao «ia . lia always does. He says every one has only three bones, or something like that ; I never do quite understand exactly what his theory is, but it's something funny, and I pretend to get converted to it every time we talk to- gether. Then I can always get rid of him, and that seraph never could.' 'You're an angel of mercy,* he said, in a mockingly empressée manner. * Never,' she answered. ' I'm too old.' Bita fairly beamed upon them. Farns- worth felt guilty that he had not come before. How exquisitely pretty she was ! She was a seraph : she was one of the few people he could remember having seen to whom the stereotyped garb and eonventioaal employ- ment of the generally accepted angel would have been beooming. Madge once said, iii the expressive way she had, ' Yo'J might do anything you could think of to Bita/but yotii could never make her look flat.' Mr. Bolingbroke had the good sense, in co mixed an assembly, to give one of (the very short poems ; it was a tragio one, which ended abruptly, and one of die ladies in the outer circle, who had happened to listen, forgot herself and asked rather loudly if he wasn't going to read the re«t of it. The un. appreciated pof.t, with his eyes still fastened upon an artificial candle jet of gas, thought how he would have ended the same poem. The rather deaf poetess said nothing ; for ehe thought he hadn't begun yet. Mrs. Hedder simply sighed very ex Sreesively, and altered her position ; she had ecided she could manage to wear four gowns in three acts by changing the order of two of the scenes which did not affeot her part n thc least. But Mrs. Hedder'e wealthy riend, the lady who attended all the Brown- ing readings, murmured 'Sweet!' Mrs. Van Ostrand opened her eyes slowly and asked who was singing, and was very glad nobcdy beard her. Mrs. Norris, looking at Mr. Roscommon, said it was entirely too short,-whioh emboldened Mrs. Synnett, j buttressed by the Browningites, and politely ; seconded by the successful novelist and her i clique, to beg for another selection. Accord- ingly, after the necessary amount of becom- ing hesitation, Bolingbroke, thinking better to meet bis audience, recited ' From Ghent to Aix,' with not a little spirit. Wei ion {'obied heartily in the applause which followed t, and several others looked pleased to have heard something familiar to them. M-s. Osprey exclaimed that she had heard that betöre,-was that Browniug, too P She was so fond of Browning ! She had heard ' Aurora Leigh ' read beautifully once. While Abs. Synnott wae ehakiîig Bolicg broke's hand and thanking him, and toe. BrowniogiteB were crowding around, thereat of the Company changed about. Mrs. Norris told Mr. Roscommon really she should think ovjr quite seriously what he had just been saying, as she allowed Captain Ge'loway to draç her away from the physiological discussion. Weldon had joined Madge, and Farnsworth and Bit J had made themselves comfortable in his wiudow-seac. Rita said she ought to go and Lelp pour the tea, tut Farnsworth said he would not allow her to, that she had done too much for the guests already ; and she remained where she was, only too happy to be commanded to do any- thing by hun. Farnsworth could not but notice her pleasure at being with him, bi the accepted it without question. Her manner animation and good spirits. She confessed she had heard scarcely a word of what that dreadful Mr. Roscommon bad been talking about : ehe was watching Madge and him all the tune. 'What were you talking about F she asked. Her eyes never wandered from his face when he spoke to her ; she thought it was because he had so much expression. 'Four sister was telling tue who the people are.' he said, smiling at her. She smiled back. .No wonder you were laughing. Isn't Madge bright f ' She looked away from him, just for a momear, towards her sister affectionately. ' I'm eo glad you're a1', right. Fou know there was a sort of coolness.' * There was something. She certainly did not like me at first. She says she tola ymi that night, after dinner, that I was a She was full of .Tes, she did. Are you?' She at ked it half seriously. 'Not guilty, your ladysLip.' ' Gentlemen of the jury, tte prisonei is dismissed.' 'But you ought to define the otarge. What is fl'rtingi-' asked Farnsworth. 'Oh,' replied Rita, sitting up straight and with a funny imitation, in miniature, of one of Mr. Roscommon's sweeping ges- tures, ' flirting is- flirting is a game,' she lapsed back inte her natural manner, ' which two play at, both mutually pretend- ing an especial interest, and neither one behoving in himself or in the other.' 'If they are both on their guard, and know the rules of the game, there isn't much harm done, I suppose,' said Farns- worth, ' except that after a time they won't be able to tell the real interest from the feigned one, and then they lose the former aim the latter is Dothing to gain.' 'Sometimes it does happen that one is not HS experienced as the other, and makes a mistake and gets in earnest.' ' Yes, and then we cannot but blame Ah ! your sister is going to play .j 'Ob, dear!' said RUa, anxiously: ' don't forset where you left off, will you F Madge looked at Farnsworth as she took up her violin. She saw him stop talking instantly and lean back to listen. It pleased her. For a moment she thought she would ask bim to play her accompani- ment, but she saw Rita, and,after a eecond's hesitation, askedthe younsr pianiste icstead. The latter accompanied willingly end well. Madge played even better thou usual. Everybodyhstened. Farnsworth's thoughts wandered oS to the country home of 1rs boyhood. He thought of the beautify rolling fields his mother used to take him walking over ; he could see her now, and feel the touch of her band, and hear the j low murmur of her eweet voice as she te'ked j to him of his father. He could see the soft grey clouds drifting over their heads, and again they passed through the wicker gate that made an opening in the delicious thick Sreen hedges which bounded their garden. Lita, half hidden in the window-seat won- i dered of whom he was thinking. j {TO BE BSNTINTJED ) 