SPECIAL HOLINESS MEETING. The " General" had a tremendous recep tion on Monday, and at once the vast audi ence broke into' Psalm 45, ending with the favourite Salvationist chorus " Let me, Jesus, let me, Jesus, J<et me, Jesus, Fuller know redemption's plan. Fuller know redemption's plan." They sang it possibly halt a dozen times, each time with greater strength of long. But loudly as they chaunted they could not satisfy the general, who, standing in front of the platform, marked time with, outstretched arms, abandoning himself entirely to the ex citement of the moment, in striking contrast tohisdemeanouroftheprevioustw'oaays. This was not the " General" Booth of Sunday, or Saturday. For the first time the audience saw the leader of the Salvation Army in his atra-Salvationist mood. " Again, again," he shouted. " Let me fuller know redemption's plan 1 Sing it again, but not 'redemption '-salvation! Let me fuller know salvation's plan. If you burn to trust the blessed Christ this evening-if you burn to have Him blot out your guilt-sing it again," And the audience, obedient to the cry, took up the burden " Let me, Jesus, let me, Jesus, Let me, Jesus, Fuller know salvation's plan, Fuller know salvation's plan." " Xo, no," the 41 General" cried, am not satisfied. Everybody wants to know about Jesua this evening, and to have more salvation than they ever had before. If you don't, what did you t»me here for? Why else did you leave your business and your shops? Who could ever have expected that anybody at all would leave their homes on a Monday afternoon. If anybody had said so a month ago you .would have said, 'Nonsense.' Some of you have travelled miles, and you're going to have something for it, or else you've thrown iS+l t. awfly' }0U kaow, and you'd wtter go home again and look after your Business. \ou want salvation or you'll ever enjoy religion. There was an old SLr°nce, ,*l10 .said, ' What, me \rA t^iSl0n- 1 never what it ST be miserable until I got religion.' Let's wT Was ah£e.did'nt get enough of it lt. ("Amen.") Everybody sincrit ^ salvation. So sing it again, &d4;^m,nndever}'bodi'hold Aeir right iuwfni'i1? a8,ai11 after this, and they sang extendi^ J!0? on' ever>' right am hallkiw t'00®1 . an^ every foot in thl STi^W6 thunder ofthe big allOTav"n^8ay8*i e "peneral" "Let us knees audience fail on their sweep's the iSl-r1 a 'reen glance that ''Pm nL .1 ,lng,fconi floor to gaUerieB, loohataS abo?t devilalwaj4 sees how mnnv wlf1^n. lt " praying, and many are he/iL^r heIpi"? and how notice of thlTe ^^ i^3 C?,n8-t* H® ^Utyourpvpa J I PP ^l01t eyes open. ^S jiocket-lLoif,''1' U Put you down in l1rc«eed8Gthee«l!°L8 ?n anfw' an(J as he more intense nnlwf «C0W8 morc and flicker and fiater «e« Hallclujaha " fall Js He the rulb hirmt ( you a.Chriatiau? in one * And the au3ience theHere iathe ^u,r Bible. Th£*L goe?°n,"intheBible~ the 8is ^W^andTn^* Jwt great daj-. Th! .°r(k that T i.1 ^toliatento ri7 Jesw Christ ie T1je grace of the Wir^ ^'touaire-.ve^ f He waa 5®e.P°or Ct ^eL°r u0,VT.8in« He you iL^ecome rich ' f « n IIlB penalty CUutoh. believe in v??y ** a member «ie\embemsta tocmberof a chnroh, a good member, and a working member, and a paying member. You may have got a creed. I believe in a creed-I believe in what I believe in. ('Hallelujah.') That is my creed. ('Glory.') You may have a ceremonial and sacraments. We have a ceremonial; we belong to the High Churoh. (Laughter.) I believe in a ritual, and vestments, and processions, and walking about on week days as well as Sundays, aeeing who is on the Lord's side. You may have excitement-I believe in excitement. I do. (' Glory.') I don't think muoh of people who are not musical and not excitable-they may be very good in their way, but they aren't of much use to the Salvation Army. (Laughter.) I like a man who can fire up-a man who has got a temper-a good temper, though. (Laughter.) 1 believe in excite ment, and I do like to get up the excitement here. (' Hallelujah.') Talk about the excite ment of Melbourne-What is it to the excitement of saving souls'? (' Glory.') Talk about Eight Hours. Day I I'd like to make it four and, twenty hours. I'd have an excitement that would shut up the shops and stop the lactones, and close Government House, and put the Governor down to;the humbleBt individual in the street (' Hallelujah.') I'd like to have one great, blessed, glorious excitement that would sweep over everything-{'Glory/) and that would take every man and every woman and sweep them away before it, away into the Kingdom of God. ('Halle lujah.')" By wis time the excitement is nearing its tensionpoint Worn en are already beginning to sob hysterically, and men, with the perspira tion rolling off their faces, are following every second word with hoarse murmurs of " Bless the Lord," "Glory," and the like. The " General" himself has altered the pitch of his voice by half & tone, and is talking now not in the even, monotonous drawl of th<* earlier part of his address, but with a rapid and nervous utterance-harsh, almost metallic! in effect. With constantly increasing speed he goes on: - You may have a correct creed-no doubt the devil is the correctest theologian in the uni verse-you may go to church, you may serve in the army barracks, you may enjoy all the pleasures of Bible classes and Bible readings, and live a correct life, but unless you make Jesus Christ's purpose your purpose, and Jesus Christ's life your life, I don't see how you can call yourself a Christian man or a Christian woman, and I cannot, and I say it with all reverence-I cannot see how, with out these attributes, Christ himself coald have claimed to be the Messiah. It was when He came down to sacri fice himself for me and you that he became Christ ("Hallelujah.") And to follow Him seems to me the only ground on which a man can claim to be a Christian. Where are you 1 If you are right, may God confirm you. If you are in the main right, may God make you wholly so. May he endow you with Christ-like Bpirit and zeal for the rescue of perishing souls. If you are not, then Jesus Christ is here to give himself away. ("Hallelujah.") " Behold, I stand at the door and knock." ("Glory.") Open the door and He will go in. Now comes the Climai. The audience have lost all control over themselves. They hang on the words of the speaker with cries and ejaculations and sobs. And the "General," with both hands uplifted high above his head, goes on, " The time is now. Now, now, now. ' The timfc is now for the salvation, for the^lmptifjm, for the purifying dame. Burn out anger, ana envy ana temper. ("Yes.") Burn it- out (."Amen.") Everybody who wants it say Amen; ("Amen.") Say it apin. ("Amen.") All this is going to be. ("Amen. ) ^i'And.may."the. blessing of the Father and ±he Son and the Holy Ghost be npon every man and woman here;*' The " General " finishes in the midst of a scene "of hysterical.excitement.. 