THE EPSOM HANDICAP ANDMETR0P. ; . (Br ' Eaelt Bied.') . After many weary weeks of waiting and anxiety horse-owners, trainers, and sport ing people in general have been semewhat relieved by Mr. Scarr issuing the weights for the two most important liandicaps to be run at tho A. J.C. Metropolitan Stakes Meeting on September 12 and 15. To use the old stereotyped phrase, ' He has done his' work well.' So well indeed that it Is very difficult to pick many holes in his coat. Still, there may be a few inaccuracies, or apparent ones, and perhaps the greatest is in his start off for the ' EPSOM HANDICAP with respect to Marvel, who he has placed on. the same mark as Bungebah. Good ?horaa' t.linno'Vi t.liA lat.fpr nTidoubtftfilv is. Marvel must hold him as safe as though he were in gaol. That the son of La Belle is capable of knocking at the door with JOst 21b in something like lmin -ilsec or 42sec no one will disbelieve. His good exploit in the Dbncaster Handicap, with 41b less, when he finished on Paris' tail in lmin. 40sec, is sufficient' to prove this. Bungebah is by no means a -duffer, a3 shown by his victories in this race last year and the Newmarket Handicap. Still, ? in my opinion he has not the ghost of a show with his. doughty opponent at the same weights, and by way of further con tention I .would like to remind my readers of - the fact ? that- Marvel- ? defeated the mighty Carbine .with , only lib between them, and that in the mud, in 1.43. Passing along it may be as well to mention that Splendora has left the turf for the paddock. Paris is only a handful, but he is good at that. Still, I scarcely think after 'Mr. H. C. White's candid expression of opinion in these columns that he will start. Retort and Ernest have been left with a show, and further down those in the. 7st odd division who should not cavil appear to be Wild Rose, Centaur, Albemarle, Theodore, Sunshine, Helene, Pallisser, Mantilla, Corvette, Ves pasia,. The Markee, and Biragambil, ?Harking back, I might with fairness say a word or two about a couple br so of this batch. Sunshine ran such 'a great :colt on Saturday last that it is fair to presume he can negotiate a mile in such creditable time as to entitle him to the greatest of respect. Centaur may or may not be as good as in days of old, and can be left alone until things develop. Albemarle as a two-year-old shaped well enough for anything, and the samemav be said about Theodore. Helene has demonstrated her ability to gallop, and great things are expected from the Nordenfeldt horse Pallisser. Mantilla can not be despised, and should nearly win, while Corvette in her earlier days exhibited' ' a, great dash, of foot, which entitles her to .respect. Vespasia, though aged, is by no means out of the fray, while The Markee, by his exploits even' so recently as the late yictorian 'campaign, deserves every respect. Bira gambil I do not know what to say about, further than .that I hold him rathe Highest estimate, but I scarcely think he 'will start.' Outside these, and coming lower down, those with a show look to me ?like Warrego,' Escort', Dilisk,' The Swell, Denman, Oxe'nham, Bedtime, and Alcides To' sum them up I will take the following against the field : — . Mabvel. . . Wild Kobe Theodoee ?'.'?'.-. Sunshine ; Mantilla, or ' ' The Maekee. -: :; ? ; .. METROPOLITAN STAKES. , : The pick of the above appear to me to be ' - Hiqhbobn Sie William ' ? r ??'? Ferna-ndo ? ? ' ? ;. :.: , Little Bebkiz ? ... . KlLLlLOE . : '/''? Mantilla and , Sunshine. .?'??? 