Evicting a Gbost Almost every town or village has its haunted house, and thesettlement of Wanda, in India, was no exception. Here a number of English officers and their families live during the warmer months, returning to their respective commands later on. The rumor that Captain Beauehamp'e house was haunted was circulated by a servant. He was awakened one night by a most extra ordinary noise. The door-bell was ringing violently, and a struggling, writhing noise in the wall of the house—not in one place, but in several at once, and then be heard a long drawn sigh. This was the last feather. He rushed to his employer's room, and aroused him. vowicg chat the place was haunted. The notoriety so cheaply earned became exceedingly disagreeable. Matters stood in this shape for some days, when one morning a party of jugglers reached the haunted house. As there were a number of children in the family the performers were invited into the grounds end gave an entertainment. Finally, one of the men took out a small oval basket having an orifice in the top, and seat ing himself near it began to play a quaint air upon a flute. After industriously playing for a few moments up through the hole in the basket came the head of the cobra, and wh9n twelve or fifteen inches above the basket it began to wave to and fro as if in obedience to the measure of the music. After the snake dance—or the snake " charming," as Europeans are wont to call it—the Indian snake-cbarmer walked around the house, and among the bushes pointed out a hole which might have been made by a rabbit. To one of tbe natives he said he would take out a cobra which he thought was in the hole. Seating himself before the hole tbe magician i began his mournful plaint. For fifteen minutes he kept up the noise, and then from the opening there appeared the ugly, hooded fcep.d of a cobra. Another I bole was soon fonnd, this being directly at | tbe base of the wall of the house. The man I examined it a few moments carefully, then began to play upon the flute. Hardly had the group gathered about the ! performer before a most remarkable noise came from tbe house. First, there was a sound as of escaping steam ; then a sound of some great body striking the wall and rob bing against the timbers. Dust in clouds came from thehole,and the " charmer " started back in terror, overturn ing cue man behind him. Recovering him self, he darted at the hole and, thrusting his arm in, drew out, not a cobra, but the tail of a large snake. Astonishment was depicted on the native's face and horror on those ot many of the spectators, as he stood holding the tip of tbe tail, and five feet of the body was visible. For a second the man hesitated, then regaining his courage he shouted in Hindustaneefor the lookers-on to stand back, and, taking a good grip upon the tail, he pulled gradually backward. Out it came, foot by foot, inch by inch, five, ten, fifteen, sixteen feet—eighteen, wns there no end?— eighteen feet of qaivering snake-flesh as large as a man's thigh. A quick Jerk and the entire monster was clear—at least twenty feet in length—big enough to swallow a deer and yet held by a single man. The native was, however, not in the least dis couraged. lie .clung to the tail and as the huge reptile turned toward him with' an angry hiss he gave it a swinging motion by turning slowly. Gradually he increased his speed, turning faster and faster, until he seemed the centre of a wheel, the spokes of which were the body of the python. So rapid was the motion that tbe snake's body was perfectly straight, and it was evident tbat as long as the motion could be kept up the man was safe, but if the monBter could ! reach him be would in a moment be crushed in the horribie folds of tbe reptile. It soon became apparent tbat the charmer knew what he was about. Not far from tbe house stood a stout flag-staff a foot and a half through, of solid teak wood, and toward this he was gradually moving, whirling the snake faster and faster- When be was within twenty-five feet of it, it dawned upon the few spectators what be was about to do. This ] was to strike the head of the reptile against I the pole. Nearer he come, whirling faster and faster, until the reptile stood out like a whip-laeb, and then, with a quick step for ward, he brought the head of the animal against tbe wood with a crushing sound. He released his hold, and the great reptile doubled up in convulsive folds, digging up the earth and sending clouds of dust into the air, finally dropping limp and lifeless to the ground. One thing was evident that there was the " ghost." 