| A JOURNEY ACROSS SIBERIA. By Jixe3 Cautbkix, rtlOX VLADIVOSTOK TO AA5D0LX0I. It was a glorious Juno morning when wo started, nnd we were in ihe highest of spirits. Our tarant asses were driven to tlo door, our luggage adjusted with romo little difficulty, nnd wo were off. Tho ycratshikp, or drivers, started at a furious rate, nnd I discovered afterwards that those gentlemen all through Siberia dearly loved to go gaily through a town, but between the villages they could jog along in the dozieet fashion. We had scarcoly gone half a milo before our fiery steeds, ambitious apparently of out flying tho eagles, settled down into quite respectable roadsters, with such a pace as ono sees to perfection when paying tho cab man by the hour. The tarantam is a vehicle which stands next to the Chinese cart as an instrument of torture. That it is ugly and clumsy is tho smallest fault to hud with it—that might bo said of some good people I know who are the very salt of the earth—but the fault beyond all others is that it is without springs, and therefore every part of our1 economy is sorely bruised when tho roads are rough and wo travel at night. On fair roads it is not so bad, but on rough roads this de lectable vehicle can pound the unfortunate j traveller until every eeparnto bono in his I body echos. Wo are compelled to take our luggage inside with ns, as there is no con venience for carrying it outside, and luggage is not the pleasantest of things to sleep on. Tho knobs and corners are distinctly in evidence during tho night, as the yemUhiks then drive fast, being anxious to get to their journey's end, and fearing robbers. Ono may have dozed off at last, when a sudden, collision with a root or stone will send j’ou flying hoaveawards, coming back to eartti \- with a ernsh, or your turantass lurches into a rut, and your head is banged against the j side, wnicii either dazes yon into meckuo.-.- or arouses all tbefire and fury of tho bitmti Adam. Nevertheless, mi great Ls the adapt, j ability of the human trams to evi ry kind ui oonditioD. that before my journey was ended | I found I could eloep very sonuiilv, cvcu under the conditions of a tarant-tss. Adju-t ment to surroundings is one of the great iaws j of nature, from the local politician to Ihe Siberian tarantass The road led along the shores of Victoria Bay. It is an altogether charming route, j with pretty hills and valleys, the latter de bouching upon Uie bay, forest and upon i laud, the whole giving prumi.-c of settlement in days to come. After a drive of '.*1 vcrrtt — Uio verst is two- thirds of n mile - we c.vnt> to a post station, and I had before me the first ramble of tho bus-Ircls that lav In front of me. The Russian Government Las put a network of post routes over the fare ot tho empire, and tho system is a splendid cue for facilitating commuui ration. The station-. are let by contract, the contractor being compelled to keep so many troika of horses, a troika being a team of three, for it is a peculiarity of Russian driving that they universally have three horses instead of piirs, as else where. Tho central horse it between the shafts, nod trots.' The other two are attached to the vehicle by means of ropes, and gallop or canter. The outside horses ore trained to gallop with their necks bent round, the otic looking to tho left and tho other to the right, so that os yon sit behind they look like two immense notes of interrogate!!. Tho post stations on tho Siberian route keep from three troikas to 15, and the cost is fixed by tho Government at from 11 to 3 kopeks ttcr verst, or, to put it so that it tnay be be tier understanded of tiro people I am wriiiag for, you get three horses to carry yon 20 mites for a littlo under half n crown, with tho services of the driver thrown in. Imagine getting three horses and a driver in any part of Australia at the rate of 2s. Gd. per 20 miles! There are tho ratca west of Irkutsk ; east of that town the price is double. Yet it only emphasises the great fact of political economy, so little grasped by Australian writers and speakers, that whilst tho difference between prices in various countries may bo immense, the dif ference in values may ho very little. The horses are just as wol! fed as those in Aus tralia, tho drivers tho same, though their food msy not bo quito as fine. Undoubtedly tho Australian driver has much more of all good things than the Siberian yemtshik, yet nothing to represent the enormous difference in prices. Tho fact is that the difference Is really one of mere counters, and not of actual value. We inflate our prices j and seem to be plying much more; but, 1 because we iuflato all round, it practically reduces thing* back to exchanging articles . with high figures attached to them, whilst tho real values remain untouched. If I cell a working man a hat at 20s., and he charges mo a day's work at 20s., we stand just the same as if wo had agreed for 10s. or Is., and iu this simple statement will bo found the solution of many of the facts of the world where low-priced labour makes us either weep with pity at tho sad fate of tho country, or lift up our eyes to thank God that we Australians are not as those sinners in Asia or Kuropo. Prices or wages in any country are hardly to be considered as giving any standard of the well-being of the people. Tho real factors are tho pressure of competition owing to pressure of popula tion, the productive capacity of the soil, and tho industry nud moral status of the people. At the second post station I met a Russian colonel who spoke German fairly well, and was immensely interested when ho learned I came from Australia lie made some verv intelligent inquiries about this land, and wo parted with high professions of esteem. Liter ou 1 found out that tho idea th it all Russian officers can speak another language ! than their cwu is an error. Quite one-haU with whom I camo in contact could speak j nothing but Russian, or, at best, a few words of l-Vench or German. The lest lin guists of tho world, as far as the official and and upper classes are concerned are un doubtedly tho Dutch ; then the Germans, and after them tho Russians. When I say the Germans, I am not sure but equal with them are tho Daucs, Norwegians, and Swedes ; all of these surpassing fur the Latin races of every sort, uud uie Kiiglish-speakiag 'peoples everywhere. 1 think I have said before, and if not I say it now, that tho Americans and Australians shape to bo the worst liuguists of the world because of their isolation, liven with Uio reservations I hare uindo about the Dutch mid Germans, it is still true that tho Russians aie excellent linguists, nnd their pronunciation of any foreign tongue is fur superior to any other nation. This may arise from the great variety of sounds in their own language. Some of theso: arc quite unattainable to a foreigner. Our start was in glorious vreatber. Iu tho afternoon it was overcast, towards evening it began to drizzle, and about 8 o'clock it was raining torrents. The wholo of the Atnoor Province coast is noted for wet, no less than 230 diva out of the year being rainy, it became dark as pitch, and at last we got bogged. \STe had to get oat and trudge along the muddy road, slipping and Mumb ling as wo went. I began to reflect upon tho fact that I had 6,000 miles ahead before reaching the Ural Mountains, and to ask my.-olf what sort of a journey this was likely to be if Uio find 50 turned mit iu this fashion. Trudging wearily on, and becoming wetter nnd more miserable, I began to ask myself further if I wat quite taco when I first re solved to undertake this journey. I know some of my friends had no manner of doubt whatever—they thought I was as mad as a March hare, and tho doubt began to rise in my mind if, after all, they weren't pretty right. The average mania a comfort loving rabbit, easily scared by discomforts and dearly loviug his own burrow, hating strange food and strange beds, prepared to gusli with rapture over tho glories of the Himalayas, if you take him up tho heights in a lift, or to explore foreign lands, if ho can do it in a first does carriage. The stay-at homo shopkeeper spirits are the special AVer ultra of.trarcllerg, and to feel that they are right and jou are wrong is peculiarly gulling to the enterprising souls who break fresh ground or depart from beaten and thercioro comfortable tracks. Thus musing, with a oertain bitterness of unreasonable resentment,against.tome good folks at home, as if they were in some fashion responsible for my troubles now. I plodded on, getting more and more doggedly resolved as I plunged into the rmal that ! wodli&Mof; gorltiqkat any.cost,but:WouU’sea it throaghjait to spite tbecritlos b b Afloat the dim lights of the liule town of Baedolnoi' paste ifi siirht. and about halfipsat 10 we were in shelfer for the' night. I '■ Tt waaViilwWble post station^-owa of, the worst on Uie whole SiSerian road. There were two poky little rooms, and there were no lees than ten men of us to occupy them. As we had all oome off the noddy roads, the condition of the floor may be imagined. I selected the least dirty spot 1 ooold find, and, spreading my rug out, I endeavoured to sioep. It ivas not the sloop of tbe righteous. Au uqcVon wood floor, with merely .1 rail tray nig on if, is not eminently conductive to comfort, and tho reault win that I got up in the morning bone-sore and weary. I'veu if I had been more comfortable, ono stertorous gentleman would hare murdered sleep even more eltco tually than JJaiiquo'a ghost. Ilia splntterings and explosions, bis small artillery of imoriinga uud heavy cannons of long drawu anorings, exceeded anything I Imd over heard in my life. The other Kitssians took it all calmly, and then dtopjied "if. though they commented upon it in tiio morning, Lut it kept me in a levor of bolp'eaa irritation. What could bo done under such circumstances r I could not talk to him, aud even if I could, 1 don’t suppose - it would have done the slightest good. It was the man's misfortune, not his fault. Wo aro searching about for magnificent inventions wherewith to bring the ends of heaven and earth together: will some practical lover of bis species invent a machine which, when fitted toonr cars, shall make us oblivious of nil disagreeable sounds, frofn scoring to .applications tor loans i That would be genia* yoked to benevolence, and there would be a fortuuo in it. Wo made a scraggy breakfast tho following morning, and started amid pouring rain. It was a wretched’journey : aud yet, as we pro ceeded, all the' wretchedness could not prevent mo eagerly watching tbe country aud admiring its beauty. Uniting hills and downs, lightly clad with beautiful clumps of tree*, river flats of thoi bc.«t soil, made a landscape of great beauty, and told us of the possibilities of •ottlemeot in this remote and unknown part oftho earth. We ran alongside tho Tliver Sulfun part of the war, and some of its turns and bends were exceedingly lotely; and I’tom a practical skindpoliit I should* suppose if will bocomo navigable for n considerable dis tance from its mouth for moderate-sized craft.' Wo pas: ed over n good deal of country greatly resembling the soil and rocks of Kyiitton. now beginning to bo occupied. It Wa» a lovely country, the soil far siipei ior Ui tbe average round Melbourne, and I found myself asking the question on this second day out fruit Vladivostok, which I asked myself a hundred times bolero ! left tribe, i.t, tvbut will lb’s country i-1 : Tue quality of the soil was a revelation, tho beauty of the s-'cixiy a surpiie. and tho fart that it. ba- -t-X-[ a s.ditjliy Wild*, m.'* alongyide of Chitui and Japan, wtllt (lo ir crowded milbons, a surprise greater stub Hcfore t have rWshed ttic-o parers I Si. !i■ tiv'to give an answer as to what Siberia :it.d the Anux.r j-rovini-ei ate likely to become. 