ONE-EYE D DICK, BrAB.G. - There were several of as in the party, and our dfm were rodeos, aa also weie our experiences We were quietly spending the evening to a Sibarbau house, not without three aids to con versation which men look for at a certain hoar, and bad in some war got into a rather aimless discussion of the differences between English and Australian life. Hie discussion need not be reported, as there was absolutely, nothing novel put forward on either aide, hut it dropped on 'agreeably and peacefully enough till some one rather weakly regretted the absence of romance in Australia, and especially in Victoria. There is no room for the imagination in a new country ; like this, he complained. A country without tradition or association, or even a respectable ghost that any one ever beard of. . Nowithappenedthatoue of the party was a man who had come to Aus tr&lia; before the gold-fields influx, bad been in B&Uarat; in the days of the Eureka Sto shade, and had seen the desolation of Black Thursday, with many other moving incidents of the olden days. He glanced with same contempt at the lover of romance, and Spoke with decision. "Ghosts!" he said. For the matter of that X expect Victoria has just as many as any other country, neither more nor less'." The other laughed. "I don't mean that I believe in ghosts," he said, " and I certainly sever saw one myself, hut it gives a place more interest, don't yon know, when there is a good ghost story con- nected with it. Now here I don't suppose there is a house that's old enough to he haunted." "I've known a house given lip because it was haunted, or a hut, any way. What do you Trmlr of that ? That's as much as yon can say Of any old castle in Europe." " what, really haunted by a bona j\d& 'ghost ?" " That I can't say. All 1 know is that not a sun would stay in the hut, and it had to be given up in consequence. That's as true as I'm sitting here." "Well,' he. went on, when we all wanted to hear about it, "I had a station in the early days in partnership with, setter man At Gut time fences were few, and we had to employ , a number of shepheros. shepherd a ' flock of eheep to look after, and a hutkeeper to look after him, as the huts were built wide apart on the run. The men in those days were often. old hands from Sydney or Her- went, and good men as a rale, bo far , as work went; not mnji given to nervousness any way. One day the man. who took the rations out to the hhts told us ' that there was something very queer going on at one of them, end Gut the shepherd and Eut- keeper didnot know what to make of it. For two or three nights they had heard queer uoises Which they could find no explanation for, and they were in a regular funk. We did not think 'ihuch of it at the time, but next morning the ' two men turned tip at the -homestead and swore ttefc nothing should mike tomn go back to the hut." What had they seen?" someone asked. "Seen? Nothing; it was just that that bothered them. All they could tell us was that for two or three hours in the night there was a most tremendous thumping andsciatchxng out side the hut, with, every now and then, bangs, as if someone were thro wing large stones the slabs, Of course we taught, and told them it must have been the limb of a tree, swinging With the wind. "'It was a dead still night,' com of them answered, 'and you know wifl enough there is not a tree within a hundred yards of the hut.' " ' Tut, tut," said my partner, ' it was native native cats or 'possums. They make the same noise here night after night. ' ' 'Possums ' said the man. ' Look here, boss. I've boon in the bosh fifteen years, and I reckon I know a 'possum when I hear one." ' 4 If it was 'possums,' grumbled the other man, ( the devil must have been inside of em, eo it don't make no odds.' "Say what we would there was no persuading cither of them that there was not something crooked going on at the hut, so we sent a young 'jockeroo,' just oat from England,! to sleeps night there and find out what was die matter. He, of course, laughed at the ghosts as much na we did, and was ready to go and stay as long es we liked. The hut was abont ten miles from the homestead, and : he rode over in the after noon, with a riflewad revolver, saying before he went that he; would bring us -the ghost's scalp next day. There was nothing for him to do there, as the sheep had been moved. He was back at the station by 7 o'clock next morning. He had not even watted to catch his hone, but started off just as he was and walked or run the whole way." " And had he heard the same noises?" "Tee, it was the same story : the noise be<nm about midnight, as the men had said. He caught up hie rifle and went outside ; the noise stopped. It was quite open ground and a bright moonlight night, but sot a living thing could he see ; he want back, and the noise began again worse than ever, and he expected the walls to cave in eTery moment. The second time he went out there was a wild yell of laughter, and then dead silence ; be went back again and lav oa the bunk listening to the banging and thumping on the slabs, with his heart in his mouthforhoors, and when theuoisescea6edat the first streak of dawn, be jumped up and made . for home as bard as be could go ; you never saw a man in such a fright in all your" life. 41 After that we hardly hoped to persuade any of the men to live in the hut, but one of them came up and volunteered to stay there by him self as long as wc liked. He was a notorious old ruffian generally known as One-eyed Hick, a small man, grey and wizened, with a wicked- looking face and character to match, though he had been quiet enough and steady since he bad been with us. He chaffed the other men in a grim sort of way about the ghosts, and said teat the devil was too old a friend of his to do him auy b.\rm, and most of us agreed with him. For my part I thought he would be quite as bad company for the ghosts as they for him, but as we half suspected that it was a trick of some kicd we gave mm a gun to defend him self, and left him at the hut with several days' rations and everything be wanted. 1 don't know what he haa been lagged' for originally, but it was supposed to have been something peculiarly bad, and he was certainly the last man to suspect of superstition or calf fright, and we expected that ne would prove too many for the ghosts. On the fourth morning, how ever, he was back. We could not get much out of him, but the point of what he did say was that he had stood it for three nishta. and that nothing would rake him to the place again. He had heard things and seen things in that hut that were too strung fur him. The other men had only beard sounds, but Dick had certainly eeeu, or fancied he had seen something. He would never say what it was, but declared that thorgh be could bare got used to the noises in time, the thing be had seen — well, he would not see it again for all the ram in Melbourne; and that was a big word for an old hand. He eves was not easy in the hut he had been in before, and not long afterwards left the station altogether." "And what did you do?'9 someone asked. " Ho? We built a new but in another place, and let the old one rip." " Was there any stoiy about the old hut V " None." " Hid you ever sleep in it yourself ?" 44 1 slept there for a week, and so did my partner." " And did yon hear the noises ?" "Not a sound." Several ingenious theories were then put for ward, which accounted for the mystery in the most satisfactory manner, and attributed it to every imaginable cause, from spiritualism to rum. When they had all been proved to the satisfaction of their expositors and rejected scornfully by everyone else, someone thought of asking, " Hid you ever ece One-eyed Dick again ?" " Well, I did and I didn't. He never tamed up at the station again, and I don't remember hearing of him from any of bis mates, which was the only way one ever did hear of a like that. But some years Inter I happened to bo down in Melbourne, and was persuaded by the people I was staying wi i to pay a visit to the Waxworks of those days. For my part I never cared particularly for that kind of enter tainment, but I walked through the room with the rest, and after we had seen all the usnal celebrities we went through to the Chamber of Horrors. We were hardly inside before I caught sight of a familiar figure, and pulled up short. "Why, there's Hick!" X arid out load, "One- " eyed Hick!" And Hick it was, sure enough, or rather Hick's likeness. It was a good like ness too, and dressed just as he used to be, and, upon my word, I was not sure for a moment if it was alive or not. Naturally the others were ell much Interested when I told th«ml m soon turned up the catalogue to see how he came to be there. There we found that be bad been hanged a" year or -two -before for flu cfarder of his mate "in Bullaf&ok; Forest. It was a case that was a good deal spoken of at the time, though not so much perhaps as murders are spoken. of nowadays and I »?d heard and read about it like everyone else, though Inever knew that the hero of it was One-eyed Hick.1 " I suppose he had changed his name," said the man with the ciariugfor the romantic. " He' was hanged under his seal """p, »n his real name was down in tire catalogue. Probably I had known it myself once, hail it in the station books, but in those days , nearly all the men like him ware known only by nicknames. Why, I remember one man who bad been with me for several rears, "and! was going to many -a servant girl we had in , the house at the time,' coming1 to -me just before the ceremony to ask me to look in the books to find out what his surname was, as the parson . wanted to know it." "Oh!" | "Tell us about the murder," said the of j imagination. - - - i 41 This was'the stoiy, as far as I know it. A ; party of police— five or six troopers — were : travelling up from Melbourne to Ballarat. On the wav a very heavy storm came on, thunfler j and lightning and Tain, with a strong gale of wind. After sunset the wind dropped slightly, but the night was Still wild and dork as pitch so dork that, the troopers, good busbmen though theywere, got off the track completely, but as their orders were to get up as quickly as possible, they kept pushing on through the darkness, hoping that they were moving in the right direction. At last, when it was getting close on midnight, they had decided to camp till morning, as they were only knocking up their hones to no purpose, and were just looking out for a good place when they saw the light of a fire flickering through the trees some way ahead of them. They made their way towards it, and, as they came near, saw by its light a Utile grey old man chopping something witii an nix. The wind was still high, and, as they moved slowly, the man did not hear them till they «»»»» within fifty yards of him. There they pulled up, thinking it strange that a 5iquM choose such a time of such a night to split wood, and watched him silently. Alter several blows, which sounded dull and muffled, as if the wood was soft and rotten, they saw him lay down bis axe, pick up something which he had severed from the rest, and lay it on the log blazing beside him. It was a man's head. Before he could take the axe again, two troopers were beside him, and two revolvers covering him. They used his fire for their camp that and, when they went on in the morning, he went with them. It wasene-eved Hick Cgh ! what a brute !" Hanging was too good for him!". "Well, I don't know about that; there was- 'a good deal to be said on Hick's side, ruffian though he was. It seems that r.'icf and his mate were 'splitters,' and as far as reputation and morals go, a very well-matched pair, but the mate was a big strong man, and whenever they got any liquor, tued to hammer Hick, Who was small and a good deal older, within an inch ofhis life. Hide stood it for a long time, was more than once ' very nearly killed, bntat last he swore that he would put on end to it.' He quietly waited hia opportunity, knowing that there was no hope of dissolving partner-: ship without a fresh hammering, killed his partner with the axe ; then set to work to get rid of the body in thecasiest way, bro tting-fttrp' and burning it, as you -do a dead sheep or bullock. Of course this was legally a pre meditated murder, -and the-tiisgustiug-way-in which he tried to get rid of the corpse made it all the worse, bat morally yon may say that he aid it in self-defence, and burning the body, though more revolting, was not mote criminal than burying it. " Anyhow, the chances were ever so many to one that he would never have been caught. The place was miles away from any house, and a long way from any regular track. - The murdered man was a vagabond scoundrel, that so one would trouble to look for, and indeed that everyone would be delighted to be rid of. If Hick had quietly moved to ?one olLefc district no one would have known anything about him, or even if he had stayed where he was known, so one would bare doubted him if be had said that his mate had frit him, and gone off somewhere by himself ; by the next winming the remains would have been quite unrecognis- . able, even if anyone bad found them. But by chance, fatality, or providence, call it what you will, in the very act of making hia security certain, the police stumbled up against him in the dark. " And that is bow I cametceee One-eyed Hick again—in the Waxworks/' 