THE BENDIGO ADVERTISE!? (PUBLISHED DAILY.) rp.OaBESBION, Otfft B20DTS, AXD ODH RESOURCES. BENDIOO, MONDAY, JVLY 27, 1891 THE AMENDING FRIENDLY SOCIE, TIES' BILL. An important bill to amend the Friendly Societies' Act 1890 has just been introduced inio Parliament by Mr. Wrixon and Mr. Deakin. Its object is to define the meaning of certain clauses of the Act and also to make such amendments as experience has shown to be necessary for the better work ing and progress of such societies, so as to gain for them even wider support than they have at preseHt. The meaning of the words " Children or kindred" in section 5 of the principal Act i* exLended to include step children, adopted children, and stop-parents, while " old age" is to mean any greater age than 60 years. A new sub-section of the same section has been added to enable societies to purchase land and erect build ings for the purpose of providing homes for aged or distressed members. This is a most important extension of co operative power, and, wisely used, may lead to great results affecting the increase of membership and in reducing poverty. Fault has. been found with certain societies that they are not careful to put themselves on a sound footing finan cially, and in order to assist them to do bo it is provided that no amendment of rules which contain any table of contributions and benefits, or which in any way affect the sufficiency of the . contributions to provide the benefit shall be registered unless on the certificate of an actuary that the contri butions are sufficient. This is a wise check, and cannot fail to be advantageous to all the societies. Provision is also made for keeping the receipts and expenditure on account of separate benefits distinct, but savings from the management fund may be madeapplicable in aid of the benefits. This is an inducement to economy in management and so far special aid can be given to any benefit that may require it. In order that jocieties may be put upon a sound financial basis, power ia given to the Government statist upon the report of a valuer or actuary to notify the defaulting societies, pointing out what Bteps should be taken to put themselves right, and giving them six months or such longer time as may bo required to <}o so, and upon their failing to discharge their duty in this respect, the Government statist may proclaim to the world from time to time the bad financial stato of such societies. It is to be regretted that any such pressure should be necessary to compel societies to secure to members tho benefits far which they pay, but it is only a reasonable pre caution. Very probably the power may never have to bo exercised as there is every reason to believe that efforts are being made by societies on whom it might be brought to bear to make up their deficiency, and where an earnest effort is "thus made, reasonable time will no doubt bo allowed them to get on to firm ground without an exposure, which would operate greatly to their pre judice. Changes of the registered offico or the dissolution or amalgamation of any branch or branches must be notified to the Government statist wjthiii one month there after. Power is also given to vest the property of branches in trustees of o':,her branches of which they form part, and the registrar is to have power in the case of absent or lunatic trustees to givo orders, vest ing ppqpefty jn the trustees of societies. Disputes between ,a registered society or any officer thereof .qr g.ny pf its branches shall be deemed to bo a dioputo between i'u njember and tho society or branoh or an officer thereof" within the meaning of the 20th section of the principal Act, but not in the case of a dispute with an officer in regard to money matters or property for which he is alleged to bo accountable. Societies under tho Friondly Societies' Act of 18C5 may convert themselver into companies, while impropor dissolution of a society may be punished by fine instead of imprisonment, and notice may bo given to tho registrar to sot aside such dissolution. Any two or more branches may amalgamate. The certificate of tho registrar shall bo conclusive evidence of tho registration of the oociety and prima facie ovidenoe of tho particulars stated therein with regard to trustees. There aro other provisions in the Amonding Act relating to tho position of branches before the Act of 1877, and power is given to the registrar to certify to tho registration of a branqli as from deposit of t|le' appointment of trustee?. ' JjL'ho 'plauees of tho bill wil], no doubt, J30 carefully considered by the various friendly socioties. Most of thera will probably meet with approval, Gold, Calls and Dividends.— The gold yields ou Saturday were small owing to the absence of the Lady Barkly and South Belle Vue, which with the Confidence constitute the only companies reporting yields of any size on the " ofl week." The Lady Barkly machine has been undergoing repair, and the South Belle Vue have been prevented breaking stone by the rising of the water in the Eureka. The ConQ dence had a yield of 132 ozs, including tributors. The amalgam yields are generally good, and notable among them were the New Chum Rail way, 500 ozs; NewRed, WhiteandBlue, 3S5ozs; Specimen Hill, 360 ozs; New Hopeful, 218 ozs; and New Argus, 2U ozs. The New Hopeful had a ninepenuy dividend, and the Lazarus No 1 and Specimen Hill 6d each, the total being £3,025. No calls are announced. The Governor and tub Spring Show.— At a special mesting of the committee of the Bendigo Agricultural Society on Saturday, Mr.' J. C. Stamp mooted the idea of again inviting his Excellency the Governor, also the Countess of Hopetoua to attend the Bendigo Spring Show in October next. He considered that it would be a good thing to get the Vice Regal party to attend, as he thought it would add in a measure to the attractiveness of the show. The president (Mr. D. C. Sterry, M.L.A.) pointed out that in all pro bability they would have the National Show in Bendigo next year, and that that would be a more opportune time to invite his Excellency and the Countess ot Hop;to;:n to be present. LaBt year his Excellency had attended a great many of the shows, and they could not possibly expect the Governor to attend them year after year. Mr. Sterry added that the suggestion could very well be allowed to stand over until next year. This seemed to be the opinion of the majority of the committee, and the subject was allowed to drop. The General ' Elections. - The electors of Mandurang appear likely to have plenty of candidates to choose from at the next election. In addition to the sitting member, it is reported that Mr R. O'Neill, of Bendigo, will also stand, and Messrs J. Heeps (Elmore), and J. '1 Coutts (Serpentine) are mentioned as certain starters. The Sanitation System.—The committee of the whole council, to whom the applications for the position ot caretaker of the steam plant at the nightsoil depot were referred by the council to report, met in the finance room at the Town 'Hall on Saturday morning. There were pre Bent the mayor (Cr. Hoskins), and Crsw Bailes, O'Neill and Abbott. The whole of thel8 appli cations were read and carefully gODe through, the committee ultimately selecting the names.of nine duly qualified engine drivers, that were considered the most eligible to submit to the adjourned meeting of the City Council at 10 o'clock this morning, when the fiual selection will be made. The names of thfe nine are C. R. Strtader, George Drake, "Wm. Richardson, \V. J. Martin, R. Wilson, R. Williams, John Kennedy, Henry Prideaux and James Swift. The town clerk was instructed to notify the nine applicants to be present at the meeting this morning, so that the council might see them and select the best man for the position. The town clerk notifies that the removal of cesspans under the day service system will be commenced dur ing the current week in that portion of Darling Ward situated to the north-west of the railway line. Shooting Accident.—On Saturday afterooon a young man about 20 years of age named Marchingo sustained very painful and rather serious injuries through the accidental dis charge of a gun which a companion was carrying. Marchingo and his mate had arranged to go out into the bush for an after noon's shooting, and accordingly left the former's residence at Golden Gully between one and two o'clock, proceeding towards Diamond Hill. They had only gono as far as ihe G.G. Consolidated Company's mine when the mate had occasion to stoop down to pick up some thing, and at that moment the gun by some means went off. Marchingo, who was quite close to his companion, received the full force of the charge on the calf of the left leg. A large portion of the muscles of the calf (about 2 inches square) was carried away, and the flesh was severely burnt. A quantity of the shot was embedded iu the flesh. Dr. J. E^ulie, junr.,who attended the sufferer later on at his home, was unable to extract the whole of tho missiles. A Knowing Fox.—The dog and poultry classes at the Bendigo Spring Show are so laige every year that the duties of the judges ayd stewards are very onerous indeed, and a great deal of time has to be devoted to the work. This no doubt accounted in a measure for the difficulty experienced by the committee at their meeting on Saturday in getting members to volunteer their services as stewards. Several members were asked to undertake the duties, but they all declined on the ground that they had to act iu similar capacities iu other classes. Eventually, and as a list resource, the secretary appealed to Mr. A. W. Pox, saying " Mr. Fox, you know something about dogs; perhaps you will act." Mr. Fox promptly rose and good humoredly observed—" I am surprised at you, Mr. Marks, that you have not more coin passion for me than to suggest to put one fox amongBt all those dogs.'1 A hearty burst of laughter followed this timely sally, the force of the objection was recognised, and Mr. fox was exempted withont further ado. Later on the class in which Mr. Fox had acted as steward last year was arrived at, viz., fruit, whereupon the president, addressing Mr. Fox, said—" Ah ! now we have yon. The Fox after the grapes this time. You will be safe there, at all events." Mr. Fox was appointed. Misisg Accidents.—On Saturday a miner named Brockley, whilst employed at the John son's No. 2 mine, met with a painful accident. He was engaged workiug a rock drill, when, by some means, he got the first finger of his right hand caught in the machinery. The finger was literally severed from the first joint. Brockley catno in to Dr. J. M. Eadie's residence in View street, where the injury was attended to. The same day a miner named John Interman received an ugly incised wound on the right arm through a piece of quartz falling away in the Hustler's Reserve Co.'s mine. Dr. J. Eadie, senr., stitched up the wound. Larceny.—On Saturday Constable Garland arrested two men named respectively, Frederick M'Gill and John Brady for stealing a bottle of brandy from the Bridge Hotel, Bridge-street, kept by Mr. Manning. The offenders went into the bar and had a drink, and Mrs. Manning having occasion to leave the bar for a moment, one of them went behind the counter and seized a bottle of brandy with whioh the pair de camped. Information was given to the police, and Constable Garland arrested them shortly aftnrwn.rdH in M'Hrae street. A Sensational Bolt.—On Saturday a horse and buggy belonging to Mr. Hunter, of the Kent Brewery Co., was standing in front of Messrs. Scholten and Marsh's establishment in Lyttleton Terrace, when the animal took fright and suddenly bolted off across Market square and down Bridge-street. The buggy collided with several tree guards and was smashed to pieces. The runaway was eventually secured by Mr. R. Lindsay, of the British Queen Hotel, and a young man who was in Bridge- street at the time. The horse received a bad cut on one of his hind legs. An Interesting Publication. — In the "Mining and Scientific Press," of 20th June, un illustrated journal of mining, popular science and general news, published in San Fraucisco, California, a paper that Mr. Bailes, M.L.A., has forwarded to him regularly by Mr. G. Campbell, of Grass Valley, Nevada, there appears the following notice of Mr. G. Lanaell's balance :—"Lansell's balance : On lGtll May wo gavo in the press illustrations of Lansell's mining balance which is for tha purpoae of equalising strains on winding gears such as are used on mining shafts. The invention consists mainly in coupling the auxiliary winding drum or spider to the shaft of the main winding gears, and on attaching to this auxiliary drum or spider, a rope or chain of iucreasiug weight to act • as a counterpoise to the cage and hoisting rope. This rope or chain hangs down either the pump shaft or down a blind shaft, or bore hole adjacent to the winding gears. This invention can also be applied to an elevator for office buildings or warehouses. The out 'given herewith shows theapplication. The rope of the counterbalance chain is simply wound in the reverso direction on the drum or main shaft of the winding gear in a manner so that its whole weight 'will act as a couhterb'alance to tho rope and cage." The cut referred to ilj eight inches by four inches in'size.',' The same paper, in 'addition to a number of articles upon mining, contains an interesting one upon " Tail Ropes" and a paragraph about " Electric L,oponiptivr.3," in v/hjeh jt js stated that the Commissioners] in Mew York Oity have decided to construct a four track railway to he operated upon by Bergman's eleotrlo locomotive of !1QQ horse power. This is a new motor, in which the power is applied directly to the axles of every car, and it is claimed that the force is capablo of propelling a tram of 20 cars ot tho rate of 40 miles an hour, and that a tram moving at the higher speed can be brought to a standstill within 12 feot. State School Appointments.—Tho under mentioned teachers have been appointed to the following vacancies advertised on the 3rd .July, 1S91 :—Head teachers — Geelong South, Charles M. Bradley; Thomastown, Archibald J Lumsdcn; Mangalore, William Worthingtou; Bundalaguah, BernardGray; Glenaroua, Honora Fitzgerald; Buangor, Clement J. C Baker. First femaloasbiatants—South Melbourne, Eliza Geraghty ; Buninyong, Margaret Douglas. Junior assistants—Brunswick, Louisa Couleon; Ivilmore, Katie L. Williams. County Cochts.—Several alterations have been mado in the dates for hold^j, Counvx Courts iu this disfficj; fror^ thp }st' i\iignst "to. tilt) 3 jet Ijpcoiyjbpr. pour't? \yill now b,e he}d ag follows IleivthcQte, Tuesday, ' ISth August) ISchiica, Thursday, 2Qth Aufiiistj Oastlemalne, Wednesday, 14th October; Bendigo, Friday, 11th December. The Bendigo General Sessions \vill bo held cm the IJth November, The Damhers.—There was a brilliaut house at the Alexandra Theatre oil Saturday night when the Dampiers closed a most successful season of nine months' duration, and the ej.pressibns of good will towards all concerned in the farewell performance were vt.ry cordial, Mr. and Mrs. Dampier being singled out for special marks of favor. Miss Lily Dampier, who is a great fas-orite, was not in the pro gramme, but numerous floral offerings were sent in with her name attached. After the per formance Mr. Dampier was presented by his compauy with a handsome silver card case suitably inscribed. The entire compauy leave for Bendigo early to-day, and playgoers hardly need be reminded that their excellent company cpen at the Princess Theatre this evening, when the bill of fare will consist of the sensational and realistic drama, " The Miners' Right," which scored the greatest success achieved by any play produced in Mel bourne since " Robbery Under Arms " The drama, which deals with startling incidents in early digging days, is replete with human interest, and abounds with those broad touches of humor which so delight an average audience glad to seek relief from tljo worries of the day in the ideal surroundings of the theatre. New Agent.—Mr. R. J. Kewish has been appointed our agent at Boort in place of Mr. T. Gaylard, who has resigned. The Tasmanian Exhibition.—A meeting of citizens to arrange for the representation of the Bendigo district at the Tasmanian Exhibition, to be opened on or about the 24th November, was held on Saturday afternoon in the Mayor's room at the Town Hall. There were preio it— The Mayor (Mr. J. R. Hoskins),' Messrs. Cur now, Beebe, Craike, Fox, Grieffenhagen, Smith, and Lothlean. A communication was received from the Victorian official agent, Mr. D. F. Scott, stating that in response to representations the Victorian Government had consented to place the sum of £500 upon the estimates to defray the cost of freight, etc., of exhibits to and from Launceston and the Chamber of Com jnerce. It was agreed that those present should constitute themselves a local committee with power to add to their number, to en deavor to obtain exhibits from this dis trict for the exhibition. It was decided to ask for the co operation of tho councils of the city, Borough of Eaglehawk and the surrounding shires, and that the mayor of the borough and the presidents of the surrounding shires be invited to become members of the committee. Mr. J. H. Curnow was appointed local secretary. Several gentlemen expressed the opinion that it would be inadvisable to charge for space at the exhibition as provided for in the catalogues, and it was decided to communi cate with the official agent, suggesting that the charge be abolished. Matters of minor import ance were dealt with, and the meetine closed. Tne Halle-Nkroda Concerts.—Sir Charles Halle, a piauist who occupies the very front , rank, and Lady Halle, whose violin playing is really marvellous, are to visit Bendigo early ia August, and will give two concerts under the management of Mr. E. H. Hanstein, who is ■well known in Bendigo musical circles.' But for this gentleman it is probable tho citizens of Bendigo would have lost the opportunity of hearing two such unrivalled artists. It is to be hoped, therefore, that he will meet with a most liberal support. The concerts will be given in the theatre, and the box plan will be open to subscribers from to-morrow until Thursday, at Mr. G. U. Evans, View Point. In order that the lovers of music in the surrounding districts may have the chance of hearing melody and harmony of tho highest order performed in a manner that is both a surprise and a delight, arrangements have been made with the Railway department for the issue of tickets at holiday excursion fares from Eehuca, Inglewood, Castlemaine, and all intermediate stations. Suicide whilst of Unsound Mind.—On Saturday Mr. R. F. Howard, J.P., held a magisterial inquiry touching the death of Patrick Curry, who committed suicide on Friday by cutting his throat with a carving knife at his residence, Bannerman street, Iron bark. The evidence of Miss Margaret Curry, Mr. Daniel Conway, a neighbor, and Mrs. Curry substantiated the facts as recorded in our Saturday's issue. The deceased received a sunstroke about 18 months ago, from which he never recovered, and about three or four months ago exhibited decided symptoms of brain affec tion. About half-past 1 o'clock on Friday Miss Curry noticed the deceased going into the garden with a carving knife, and asked him what he wanted the knife for. He replied, " Never mind." Miss Curry then ran for Mr. Conway, who on going to the stable saw the deceased in a sitting posture with the carving knife stuck in his throat. The blade had a downward tendency, and the handle was oppo site deceased's mouth. Mr. Conway instantly took'hold of the handle, and had to give a strong pull to extract the knife. Deceased was then apparently quite dead. The magistrate found from the evidence that deceased committed suicide whilst laboring under temporary in sanity induced by sunstroke. The funeral took place yesterday, when the body was interred in the White Hills Cemetery. Amongst those who attended were the mayor and Cr. Hayes and other prominent citizens. The Floods Relief Fund.—Yesterday col lections were taken up in some of the local churches in aid of the Melbourne Floods Relief Fund. St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church con tributed £12 3s 31, and the Congregational Church £4 The amount of the collections at St. Paul's will be made known to-day. Collec . tions in aid of the fund will .be taken up in the other churahes next Sunday. The Bendigo fund has now reached £175 3s 3d. City Police Court.—Messrs. J. Illingworth and M. Rundell, Js.P., attended at the City Police Coqrt on Saturday, and discharged three drunkards. There was no other business and the court rose. Bendigo Art Gallery.—The number of visitors to the Art Gallery during the past week, as computed by the curator (Mr. ,T. B. Harris) was as follows Monday, 184 : Tues day, 126; Wednesday, SQ ; Thursday 4" • Friday, 144; Saturday, 240; Sunday, 384; total," 1,420. Mr. W. Davis was in attendance yes. terday afternoon as hon. curator. The annua] meeting of life governors and members takcs place at half-past three o'clock this afternoon. "The Holy Trinitt."— Last evening at St. Andrew's Church the Rev. Mr. James officiated, and discoursed on the doctrine of the Holy Trinity. Re stated that ia the loose and popular sense in which the doctrine is understood, it is open to the misconception that there are three persons in the Godhead, using the word "person" in the sense of distinct individuals. The true doctrine taught by the'church uses the word person to mean subsistence- The orthodox doctrine of the Trinity was that the Father, the Son and the Huly Ghost are one God, each has a peculiarity incommunicable to the others, neither is God without the others, each with the others is God. The preacher then showed this to be the doctrine taught by the great communions of Christendom from the early centuries of Christian history. As an illustration of this doctrine he mentjonec} the rainbow consisting qf light, heat and color, each neaesiwry to tho in tegrlty of therainbo w, -and each possessing a peculiarity incommunicable to the others. Mr. James quoted the testimonies of Christian martyrs and teachers in the second century, proving that this doctrine was then believed and taught as at the present day. There was a large cungregation, the church being filled. £12 3s 3d out of the collections was voted to the Flood Relief Fund. Bendigo Fruit and Vegetables,—As show ing the importance of the Bendigo district in the matter of the growth of fruit and vegetables, it may be mentioned that the boasted irrigation colony of Mildura has been drawing regular supplies of fruit and eveii vegetables from Bendigo for some time past. Deaths in the Hospital.—Catherine Cole- man, aged 70 years, admitted on the 6th inst., died on the 25th inst. from phthisis. Ah Coom, a Chinaman, aged 65, admitted on Saturday morning, died yesterday from phthisis. Presentation.—Mr. J. D. Aubrey, ledger keeper at the Commercial Bank, has just been transferred to Colac, where lie is to assume the accountantship at the local branch. As a mark of the esteem in which Mr. Aubrey is held by his brother officers here he was on Friday after noon presented by them with a kuncjatame travelling writing case. Mr, aohuslone, the manager, made tyo yfeSentatlon, and the best wishes wen! expressed for Mr. Aubrey's future welfare. He has been in the Bendigo branch for over five years. epl! Polling Place.—The residence of Mr J^.s Chappel, at Pannoobamawm, lias hppn gni.epted a polling flhw.e for inunjeiful eleptinpa in the 91iire or" liichnca, in linn of Mr Angus M'Gregoi's residence at Pine Grove, Cophts ofGkneuai, Sessions Discontinued. —The holding of courts of general sessions at Alexander, Clunes, D.inolly, Heathcote, Inglo wood, Walhalla and Wood's Point has beon dis continued. A Novel Invention.—Friday's Government " Gazette" states that Mr. Kidney Horace John Box, of No. 11 Frederick street, Windsor, carpenter, has applied for a patent for " An improved toy for playing the Australian game of football." The Purchase or Rolling Stock.—Out of the Victorian loan of L3,000,000 which was lately taken up on the London market, thero is (states the " Telegraph") an amount of L550,000 which is not specially appropriated by Parlia ment. This will bo applied by Mr. Munro fj^r the purchase of rolling stock for recoiii'e' ments of the Railway departv^v.ut. ' Vacancies fob heap.'teaches and. assis tants arc aanov\nc.efl-i>^ tta'ljducation depart meat as u>\lplys':—Sho^lmm, AnaUies, Morass Creek Ba^t, heirf tw.hwsi Stawell, Ballarat, 1st n\ale usaitttuntH.Srd olitaa; Newport, Wedder hurn, Uliitau Hill, female junior assistants. Truutees.—Messrs. Thos. Sloan, W. G. Barger, J.P., and James Smith have been appointed trustees of the land permanently reserved as a site for a Mechanics Institute und Free Library at Bridgewater. REPRESENTATIVES or THE (jOVEKS)IEM.— Friday's "Government Gazette" contained a notification appointing Mr. A. W. Howitt, Secretary for Mines, and Dr. Quick as represen tatives o£ the Government oil the General Council of the School of Mines and Industries, Bendigo, for twelve months, commencing from the date of the next meeting of the Adminis trative Council of the school. Boards of Advice.—The following have beeu appointed members of the Boards of Advice for the districts set forth below :—The Guildford Riding of the Shire of Mount Alex ander, James Ellis; the North Riding of the Shire of Tullaroop, Ernest J. Copsey; the North Riding of the Shire of Korong, John C. Anderson, Thomas G. Beckett, William G. Boyle, William Grose, and William Williams; the South Riding of the Shire of Kprong, Thomas Hamilton, Farewell Sermons.—In view of his early departure from this district, fhe Rev. E. J. Welch, pastor ot the Baptist Church, yesterday preached his farewell sermons at the church in Hargreaves street. There were fair congrega tions at eacli service. In the morning the rev. gentleman preached on Ephesiana, chapter 3, verse 1G, the subject of the discourse being, "The top of the ladder." In the evening Mr. Welch selected as his text 2 Corinthians, 3rd chapter, 2nd verse—" Ye are our epistle written in our hearts, known and read of all men." He explained the circumstances which called forth the assertion from Paul, and remarked that although ministers of tho Christian religion then, as now, required letters of recommendation, Paul, in the words of the text, pointed to his works as his recommenda tion. At the conclusion of the services, Mr. Welch bade good bye personally to the members of the congregation. The church choir, with Mr. F. Osmond, as . conductor, rendered material assistance in the musical portion of the service. The Campaspe Irrigation Trdst. — The Governor in-Council has granted a loan of £21,000 to the above trust. Dari.ino Ward Election.—A meeting of Cr. Abbott's friends and supporters will be held at the Metropolitan Hotel on Thursday evening, to make arrangements to secure his re election. Serpents.—Turkish journals announce that between Ptolemais and Haifa myriads of snakes had collected. The whole population started to gain the premium of ten piastres for 100 snakes. Altogether 100,000 of these reptiles .were killed, and 10,000 piastres paid by the Government. Bachelors' Assembly.—The last nieht of this season's series takes place on Tuesday in the Masonic Hall, and members are requested to attend. The mask ball will beheld on the Tuesday following. Sandhurst Liedertafel.— The annual meet- ing will be held at 8 o'clock this evening. Dr. Hinchcliff desires all the performing members to attend. School of Mines.—The annual meeting of life governors and subsciibers will be held at eight o'clock this erening.^ The Administrative Coun cil meetB half an hour earlier. At the Royal H nil Skating Rink, this evening, a one mile handicap will take place for a pair of new skates. Mejers. G H. Hobson and Co. will hold their usual weekly sale of household furniture and effects, etc, piano by Lohnuin, at their rooms, this day, at eleven o'clock, whan they will offer, under instructions from Mrs Pellov and various other ownerB, a large lot of good household plnnishicg, particulars of which are advertised; and at twelve o'c'oek, on account of whom it may concern. ladisV and Rents' gold and silver watches and general jewellery. Messrx. James Andrew and Co. will hold a large sale of furniture and funeral goods ac their rooms to d-y, at eleven o'cl ck 