NEWS AND NOTES. During the week ended 4th December, the total number of visitors to the Victorian, Public Library was 272, of whom 4 were ladies. The Perth Licensing Court sits to-day at 11 a.m., all holders of licences under, the Wines, Beer and Spirits Sale Act must produce their licenses. At the usual Parliamentary dinners to be given by His Excellency the Administrator this evening and Tuesday evening, Mr. Onslow will receive, his guests at 7.30, in the office, at Government House. An amusing instance of the ignorance on Australian matters which prevails in quarters which ought to be well informed was afforded by the London Times, recently. Under the heading, in large letters, Resignation of the Melbourne Government," the leading journal stated that Sir Henry Parkes' Ministry had resigned ! Owing to the post office mail van " running hot " on the journey from Perth to Albany last week it has been found necessary to detain the . van on the Great Southern line for repairs. This will delay the delivery of the letters from Albany in Perth this afternoon, as they will have to be sorted in the Post Office. The delay should not exceed, however, an hour or two. A Northam correspondent, telegraphing under Saturday's date, reports-The application for a site for the Town Hall has been granted by the Government. Ar, large order for carts and waggons for the Pinjarrah Perth railway was yesterday placed with a local firm. Harvesting is in full swing. A heavy thunderstorm is threatening. This afternoon the second session of the first parliament under Responsible Government will be opened in the Legislative Council chamber, St. George's Terrace, by His Excellency the Administrator, at three o'clock. It is understood that the address-in-reply will be moved in the Council by Mr. Amherst, and, seconded by Mr. Hamersley. in the Assembly the address-in-reply will be moved by Mr. Piesse, member Cor-the Williams," and seconded by Mr. Clarkson, member for the Toodyay district. A successful meeting, convened by Mr. J. H. Gibson, was held at the Federal Hotel, Fremantle, on Saturday evening, for the purpose of forming a branch of the United Ancient Order of Druids. The necessary authority for the constitution of a Fremantle Lodge of the Order has been obtained by Mr. C. Williams of Fremantle, from the Grand Lodge, Melbourne, and as a good number have already signified their intention of becoming members, tee speedy constitution of the Fremantle branch is almost assured. A curious and interesting calculation has been made by Professor Rogers, of Washington, on the dynamic power of coal. Accord- ing to the professor, a single pound of good steam coal has within it dynamite power' equivalent to the work of one man for one day. Three tons of the same coal represent a man's labour for a period of 20 years, and one square mile of a seam of coal, having a depth of 4ft. only, represents as much work as 1,000,000 men can perform in 20 years. Such calculations as the above, remarks Iron, serve-to remind us how very wasteful our methods of burning fuel are, in spite of the efforts of inventors in the direction of economy. The Standard Bank of Australia, Limited, whose failure has been announced in our columns, has its Head Office at 495 and 497 Collins street, Melbourne. Its authorised capital is £1,000,000 in 200,000 shares of £5 each. The subscribed capital is £507,555, and the paid-up capital ¿8053,668. The Reserve Fund was set down at £100,000 and the. undivided profits at £4,449. The reserve liability of the shareholders is 2253 887. The directors of the Bank are" Mr. Thomas Stranger, Mr. Edward O'Donnell, ex-Mayor of St. Kilda, Mr. William Rose, and Mr. Frederick Wimpole. The? manager is Sir Edward Dillon. The London office of the Bank is at Lombard House, George Yard, Lombard Street. The London directors are Mr. Villiers F. Dent, the Hon. W. F. B. Massey Mainwaring, and Mr. W. Walker, and the managing director is Mr. William Clarke. A telegram in another column from our London correspondent announces that the failure of the Bank has occassioned intense surprise, and that the Bank has 500 shareholders, and nearly £300 000 in deposits in London. A Berlin paper states that the Czar does not like having his photograph taken, especially when he has to stand alone in front of the camera, or is subjected to the process unexpectedly or suddenly. A Danish photo grapher found this out recently. He had taken up his position on the road which leads from the castle to the station, near the Fernbank Hotel, in order when the Czar took his usual morning walk to the station to catch him, and to force him in a sense to give him a sitting. The Czar came, as luck would have it, quite alone, when suddenly to his left he heard the ominous click click of the instrument. He immediately turned sharply round, as if the shadow of a danger had crossed his path, and saw 10 paces off the black camera, which, being dazzled by the sun, he evidently did not at once recognise. The Czar's face was whiter than an apron ; the stick which shortly before he had been carelessly waving in the air fell from his grasp, and he trembled like a frightened fawn in the face at a sudden fright. But then, as if by a sudden determination of will, be collected himself, and as the photographer came forth from behind his box with a humble request, he gave him a look which made the young man tremble, and the words died on his lips. " Jamais," hissed the Czar between his teeth, picked up his stick and hurried back to the castles group of children running to meet his nil In their midst he most likely soon regained his composure. The photographer returned by the next train to Copenhagen. He was very near fainting, the poor fellow, and for half an hour nearly lost the power of speech, such an impression had the Czar's enraged looks and his imperious " Jamais " made upon him. To the Pall Mall Gazette Mr George Moore, the author of " A Member's Wife " and other novels, in the latest realistic modern style, which have the doings of stage-land for their subject, contributes an article upon dramatic criticism in London. He contends that the London press as a body opposes with might and main every attempted return to literary drama. In support of his charge he instances " Beau Austin," an original comedy "full of wit and poetry," which failed at the Haymarket Theatre a year ago. He adds to this " A Doll's House " a play which has found thousands of admirers throughout the Continent of Europe), " Ghosts," and " Hedda Gabler." On this point there can be no doubt that many who differ with Ibsen in his modes of thought and the dramatic treatment of his plays were disappointed on finding in the London press table where there should have been criticism. The Atheneum, the World, and two or three other journals famished analysis and explanation, where the mass of writers pronounced failure, and longed for such a fiasco as would place their darling Commonplace out of dangerous Mr. Moore puts it. However, opinion on this point is as' at present as., much divided as. it was 15 years ago in regard to Wagner's operas; and, when the battle rages furiously cairn, judgment becomes impossible, now as then. Ibsen, himself, devoted to his art, which he pursues with single minded indifference to either praise or blame, has lived to see his best plays and finest poems accepted as classics throughout Scandinavia and Germany now for 20 years past. His works were, however, an unknown quantity in London until 10 years ago, and general attention was not drawn to them until,", A Doll's House " was staged by Miss Achurch in June, 1889. 