Political and Social Notes. . |Br S. C.] Ms. JACOB GARRARD has got back into Parliament. Uis return for Central Cumberland did not cause any surprise'; it waa expected. Everybody knew that neither BKODIÊ nor TAYLOR, the other two Free-trade candidates, stood the ghost of a chance of being elected. Garrard was the Ministerial nominee, and the constituency being one of the strongest Free-trade ones in the country, the bet- ting waB about 10 to 1 that he would go in. The Labour Party thought that between the Protec- tionists and the Free-traders their man could not help getting to the top of the poll;' It must be admitted that he had a good chance-; bat he was several hundred votes behind Garrard. The inci- dent is not without significance to the Labour 'Party. It has shown them that at future elections they will have to rely for support exclusively upon the mechanics, artisans, and labourers. They wera in a better position at tbs general election. Then numbers of the people who do not belong to either of these classes gave them votes, and consequently they were victorious in all directions.! But similar help thtoy will got no more, and therefore after thia Parliament it is hardly likely that the Labour element will be influential in politics. I cannot say I am glad that Garrard is onco more a member of the Assembly. I have always regarded him as. being ono' of the most objectionable persons in connection with the publio life of the country. After Sir HUNKY PARKES, he was probably the completest egotist in the last Parliament ; but unlike the Premier, he hos nothing to justify egotism. Mr. Garrard's warmest friend wonld not say that he has more than common-place abilities, or that he knows any thing-about books. And his mannor in debate is specially offensive and irrita'» ing. As a set-off to these defects bo is a total abstainer, and, so I understand,. m'iprofessor of religion. But it is probable some people may regard these things as defoota. Doubtless ho regrets thal he waa not in tho House three weeks ago, for had he been he would probably have been offerod the portfolio of Works in succession to Mr. Buuel: SMITH. EVERYBODY who takes an intorcst in the finances of the oountry should read, mark, learn and inwardly digest tho report of the AUDITOR-GENERAL for 1890 that was published last week. This gives a great deal of very interesting information concerning Mr. MCMILLAN'S mothod of financing, and it justillos all the statements that have boon made by tho Opposi- tion Press regarding the Treasury balanco Blieets. The late Treasurer informed the publio that there was a surplus at the close of last year of £434,000, and out of this large sum Mr. M'Millan generously promised, on behalf of tho Government, to give a special grant of £150,000 for the repair of country roads. I suppose there was not a single journal iu Sydney which believed in tho existence , of this surplus, but several of thom noted as if the thing was real, and they praised Mr.' M'Millan up to the skios. Ono or two journals, however, subjected tho accounts to a severe dissecting process, and ns the result thoy proved that there was no surplus, and that consequently the promised monoy for country roads would not be forthcoming. Well, not a farth- ing of tho money has yet boon expended, although nearly a year has elapsed since it was promised. That itself should bc sufficient to convince the . publio that the surplus announced by Mr. M'Millan waB a bogus one. But the report of the Auditor General places this fact beyond doubt. That docu- ment states that tho surplus was produced by tho simple expodient of crediting the rcvenuo with £434,000 worth of Treasury Bills that were propared ' in August last ia connection with what is known as theDiims dofioit, but whioh wore not negotiated. On a mattorof this kind tho Auditor-General speaks with authority, and becauso of tho position he occu- pies his statements must be accepted in preforonoe to those of any other parson, ' lu tiloso notes I have again and again uflirruod that the statements of accounts given by Mr. M'Millan woro inaccurate, and that during tho time he was iu office the rovenuo had uovor met tho expenditure, and the faots quoted above justify my action. Of oourse, Mr. BRUCE SMITH will stick to tho fiotion propa- gated by Mr. M'Millan, and tho Ministerial organs will stick to bim ; but that will not have the effeot of converting tho M'Millan deficit into a surplus. THE Chinese Commission promises to be even a greater absurdity than the Strikes Commission. The latter, it is well, known,' was appointed solely for political reasons. Tho Government wanted to curry favour with tho labouring olassos after tho great strike, and therefore they appointod the Com mission. Its members inoludod a number of hangers-on to the Ministry, and about half a dozen' of the Labour leaders. It was expected to inquire into the causes of strikes, and to suggest a remody for thoäo disturbances. Before the Commission had been at work a month overybody was laughing at it, and ultimately tho publio had to put a stop to the whole thing. The Chinese Commission was ; appointod for the purpose of investigating tho sub. jeot of gambling, opium smoking, atc, in the Chinese quariers in the city. There was not tho. slightest necessity for its appointment, for every ! journalist, nearly every police oflioer, and many of the members of the Legislature, as woll os a large number of other oitizons, know that gambling on an extensive scale was carried on in scores of houses ocotipied by Chineso, and that opium smoking was indulged in to excess in these and other places. If the Government wore desirous of dealing with tho evil, they could therefore obtain without creating a Commission all the facts that wero necessary con- cerning the existence of tho evil; But that did not suit the PREMIER. Shortly after the Commission had boen appointed they decided to - visit the. Chinese quarter in a body, and inspoot somo of tho' houses in which it was allirmod gambling had boon practised. SATURDAY evening last was the time appointed for this visit. On Friday evening mauy peoplo in the city had become acquainted with their plans. Of course the Chineso got full information of what was goiug to bo done. Well, on Saturday evening, as arranged, the Commission proceeded in a body to tho nllogod gambling and opium dons, but thoy found these places free from any special traces of vice. They saw no gambliug instruments, nor opium pipos, nor unwashed houris reclining in bunks, and inhaling the stuuifying drugs. The floors of tho houses were for the most part o'ean, and tho proprietors of the establishments woro as bland and courteous as Chinamen always are when they are taking a rise out of Englishmen. How they must have laughed at their visitors, and their opinion of these gentlemen must lie that they are about as simple as it waa possible to make them. Can any good be expected to result from the inquiries of a commission that goes about its work in such a ridiculous mannor. THE Female Employees' Union have protested against tho recent aotiou of tho Trades and Labour Council in expressing disapproval of tho employment of women, and particularly young women as bar- maids. Kow, why did this union tako this course? The Trades and Labour Council want - to abolish barmaids, because it believes that society would be better if this claBs did not exist. It is quite right. Are there a dozen readers of these Kotos who would like , to seo their sisters, if thoy have any, take service behind bars ? Thero are barmaids who conduct themselves properly, but many of the barmaids in tho metropolis are no bettor than they should be, and through thom hundreds of young follows are going to ruin, I nm quite willing that the remark should be transposed, so as to read . that the girls are going to rain in consequence of thc temptations to which they are subjected. Tho point is that if a girl takes a situation behind a bar thora is groat risk that within a few months she will havo fallen. Kow, if this is true, overybody oan understand the Trades and Labour Council in denouncing the bnrmnid institution. Tho Female Employee? Union, having condemned tho Trades and Labour Counoil, have done the equiva- lent to expressing tho opinion, that a girl is in no more danger behind a bar than behind a .counter or iu a workroom. If thoy visited some hotels whore barmaids are employed they would soon alter their opinion. Possibly, however, tho Union thought that women havo oqual rights with men, and that therefore women should havo unrestricted freedom to do what- ever work she is capable of performing. If she risks her virtue that is hor look out. The Union also stamped upon tho Trades and Labour Council because the latter would not permit the duly appointed female delegato of tho Union to tako part in its deliberations. ; In this, instaaco tho censure was deserved. There is no reason why tho Trades and Labour Counoil should consist exclu- sively of males.. To shut but females is as much as to say that women aro inferior beings, and that women workers should not form labour unions. THE whole of yesterday's sitting of tho Legislative , Assembly was'occupied in a discussion, of résolu- J tiona 'submitted by Mr.-CorKLAND in favour of the establishment Of a protective policy. When' Ur. Copeland, pave notice of the resolutions he had reason to. believe that the Protectionists amongst the Labour Party would, when the debate took place, give them hearty support, but several weeks ago he changed his opinion. Consequently when he proposed the resolutions yesterday evening he knew that the Labour Party, with the exception of half a dozen of the members who sit with the Opposition, would vote against them. The Government had a majority of 11 on the division. Mr. EWING voted with the Ministerial Party, but his colleagues voted the other way. May not this fact be regarded as an indication that the senior member for the Rich- mond does not intend to give a voto in favour of Protection during the existence of the present Par- liament, and that he is really a Free-trader at heart ; Of course, Mr. BARTON both spoke and voted against the resolutions. That gentleman professes to be a Protectionist, but he constantly supports the Free-traders. He reminds one of a man who poses as' a champion of teetotalism and yet drinks whisky evory day. Tho Protectionists m Sydnoy would,' I ara sure, be glad if Mr. Barton formally renounced his belief in Protection ; it is doubtful, at any rate, if'they will evor trust him again. Now that the debate on the fiscal question has taken place, it may be hopod that anuther on the same subject will not oocur during this session. The Opposition Bliould let tho Ministry and the Labour Party have any quantity of rope, and if they adopt that policy they may be sure that those people will, ere many weeks have pasaod away, bo fighting like the proverbial Kilkenny oats. " ' SYDNEY, WEDNESDAY.' 