OUR 'NEWCASTLE LETTER. (FEOM OUB OWN CORHESrOSDEXT;Y '? Newcastle, Monday Niglit. llaltor v Jl'Ulliom.-. TIie3e men have been matched to fiehtin fivo weeks' time for a utako of £20 wide. Baxter is tbo manwlio dercatod Mick O'Brien and bis frieriils tli'iriU that anotbov win will b» given in his favor on this occasion, and jack M'Elhono h-ia not done anythinir in the rin» for many a long day, but it is said that he liai been uuttinp; iu some satisfactory work on the quiet. Ho is in very fair condition at pro sont, and with 6ve wooks1 solid bard graft ha roust make a (rood show against the man from tbo country. It bas not yet boon deoid.d whero tho fight will take place. The Oxford Bluet. The members of this onco popular club were to have had an outing on Thursday last at Stockton, but on account of the small attendance another postponement had to ba effected. Tho club is nothing like as popular oh it was last' season, but it is hinted thattlie affairs of theclub will be wound up shortly, aud thattlie institute! will bo re-modelled on an . altogether different scale. The fact of the' matter is, there are altogether too many founders of tho club know, it was never in. tended that they (tho boy's) should be admitted. The club was principally formed for those business people who enjoy the Thursday half-holiday, and not for a lot of lads, who compete in almost every race, and never givo tho likes of D. Hutchiuson and Charlie Giles, and other old fogies a ghost of. a chance of winning. This naturully dis heartens the old-men members, and they are gradually leaving tbo ranks. Stevo Ashman was tho first to break away, and as ho was a great enthusiast and favorito with the other members, bis pleasant face lias been sadly' missed. WJieii tboeJubis re-formed it is to bo hoped that the committee will put a limit to the ages of intending members, so as to give the old men a chauco of winning au oc casional prize. Tho Cyclists Onion. It is understood that nothing fnrthor will bo dono an regards the formation of the Northern District Cyclists Union until after the conclusion of the Northumberland Club's Eace Meeting ou May 14 and 16. The com mittee intended working n couple of mixed races in their meeting, but the Executive of tho Sydney Union have decided not to grant tho club tho necessary permission to do bo. 'Twos ever thus. It certainly doas appear strange that the Woggaand Illiiwarracyclista wero permitted to hold mixed events only a ? few weeks ago, but immediately thoNewcastle men send in an application for permission to carry out the sell-same thing they are point blank-refused. Mr. Fry hit tho nail on the head when he said there was no wonder the JJewcaatlo men wanted a Union of their own, considering tho shabby Hvay in which they wero invariably treated by the N.S.W. Union. \ For the bold stand that bo took in' this matter Mr. Fry lias earned the thanks'; of every wheelman of the North, and when he comes to Newcastle ho can rest assured that he will be made right welcome. The big meeting of tho Northumberland Club is sore to be a great success, ilatrios are rollin» in from all parts, and Mr. Jack Arnott, the hon. secretary, is working tooth and nail to get tho club out of debt.- : Kx-Amnteurs to the Front. A couple of ei-amateur peds showed theii hand in Moronoy'a Nursery- Handicap on Saturday night. Tho ? final was won by Charlie Broughton, with Tom Gilbert second. These runners are both ox-amateurs, and their success was very popular, particularly in amateur cii'cles. The Sivimmln' Club. The natatorial tournament to be held nnder tho auspices of tho Centennial Swimming Club on the yoth lnst. is attracting a lot of atten tion in local swimming circles. The principal event is the 95yds Championship of New South Wales, for which a large entry is expected. The othor events include a 300yds Allcomers' Handicap, GOyds Maiden Eace, (JOyds Boys' Race, and the Diving Championship of the Northern District will also be decided. It is expected that several Sydney swimmers will take part in the meeting, pavficuarly in the championship event. Tho committeo are working hard to.. ensure a successful termina tion of the meeting. Mr. Veenman has re signed the secretaryship of the club, and his place bas been filled by Mr. G. Childs. A Itond Race. The committee of the Subnrban Bicycle Club have, received a capital entry for their road race, to be run on Saturday afternoon. The secretary informs me that upwards of 30 competitors have handed in their names, so that the event should be one of the most interesting overrun in tho district. .All tta cracks have entered, and it only rests with the bandicapper to make a good adjustment to ensuro an enjoyable afternoon's apart. ? Tlie Harriers. The Gordon Harriers have issued the con ditions of a 75yds Handicap, to be run in aioroney's Hall on the 23rd inst. ' Intending competitors should bear in mind' that entries fall duo on the 18th. The 'Gordons' art very strong this season, and their first handi cap is looked forward to with pleasure. The Centennials have not yet issued tho conditions of their opening run, but . it is likely to take the form of a long-distance event. Illness of a. Footballer. . The many friends of Jim Cohb, one of tu« best Rugby footballers in the district, will regret to learn that he is dangerously ill with fever. Jim has been confined ,to his bed for some weeks now, and numerous inquiries ars made daily as to bis condition. ' Howling Bits. Tho historical game of bowls is booming ill over the district. The entries for the cham pion gold medal of 1891 of the Newcastle Clubclo3e'on-tho 30th insfc. with the secrn tary, Mr. W. M'Leod. The YVnrataH players aro at present engaged playing off for the gold modal, and it is fnlly expected that the final will be contested on Saturday next. JVInco and Dawson. Tlie renult of the fight hetwoen ' Dummy ' Mace and George Dawson for tho Light-weight Championship and the Referee Belt is looked ?' forward. 'to with interest in . this . district. -. During his stay in Newcastle, some years ago, Mace was a great favorite, and his numerous friends are in hopes that he will succeed inhiJ efforts to ddwn the clever Champion. . ? ? H'XoUl and Vickors. These Iad3 have not yet come to terms, but it is quite on the cards that as soon aS Vioken pets well his friends will cover tho other boy I fiver. If a matoh should be brought about tfia fight .will be well worth witnessing. Both lads aro dead gumo, and the public can r»lJ upon seeing a splendid go. Tho Tailor's Picnic. Tlie journeymen tailors of Newcastle held their first annual picnic at Toronto to-day. The weather waa delightful, and tho visitors enjoyed themselves thoroughly. Tho final ol the big event waa won by Jim Stevens. 13}Tds, Eodgers 11yds, second; Stowart third, and Massie fourth. Several othor events were contested during the day, and the fun came fast and fiirions. Tho management was all that could be desired, and nextyoar's outing will be anxiously looked for. 