'UU '"J V I. ! : A T i on ffn i.) <.<Ki/. ? [ 'I- 1^ ' r.u ...li ut'ors a lovr j ry. ' S:oien!' ike rn.,.*?*. "Well, now, 'f 1 'houli turn out 10 vnur Stolen e'iild? tb-t ill !.: . " That's the way the fairy boo". - i . : ; il. But J! cculdu'i well be, for I have um Louder erercent on ray arm. 1 think th=.t grend: old lady at Nivernois Court ".ill be my ,"iandmother when the truth's known. I shall find out come day, yna .nay-be surer of that. And, let's 6ee—well, it will bo better, perhaps. for me to have your nddresk then I'll write and tell you all about it. Will you pleace write it for me 7" She dives into her '. and ferine* up a eet . I tablets and a p;'[• l-ease,- which die puts in Mrr. lijthwc'.re hand. '• I c' V6ve keep tlicm'" r-he explains. ''to writ.? down anythini: ^dji. Ti-ath *wi«hrs kd to remember. She if 1 , ni io me. Ike :rfjuFt put your name and ^.jùn-fes tkjwn, and I will write to ynu »on>f l'.sv."' Her, my dear, fr.-,e 1 ib::r thû.' raya Mr. H.J1 >1 ••-r!l. tûkinr; fi eaid IJrtira in- rotke: aa hip wi'.; vainly With lier tie'ub:hi;» fin-er^. '"i'ili inns jular inlriv! w hi=rrd lonj; c- !'ul Jc.pi.-.'p quick ep.rs -en ibe import of the lust woidi- :Lr.d a= sbt / WB the tabk-t. and the card, phe drr.wp fesi : at " ('. .-lod-bye. :-.dy," pIh! p'.v?, touching the Lin' 01" her fini-ci-'- t " bcrjtrd inouth. Tb. carries,, w'-irl? BWEJ, and k.r.-kin? back mrouyh her le .] pjj Mr '. Hathwell prrs the m arhling fnce and i(rrfff::l little h.iure. detined like a rire puturi ;n the veilo v J =uni •ht. ni . on bis • hirn ron the drirv, I L h e ironn" :i r linds y tt-rs cwaiticf; I liim-'Oriv : of tin ver. of much iiï.riortrnei; Thi= on<>, dated fr ni j 1 Ah -; bid no Lodge. ("•ardiganphire,'' rm ar, 1 jllows "Mi 1>k>k Sin,—I ab Fj-f:•:ding a fe^ deyp r.t "id \Vc'«h f ;at, kno-.in as Abet', dudr.o Vi'ouid |you mind puttih'i yourself to the trouble o! n^g ^ - i-tt i 1 am very anxious M lt:<CCT vo-j. I made r.rivnppn-.rotp to waic Upon you eome tinie h^o. but, vnfcrtuijat'-ïy, you were not ;n F.n;iland. •• Some very Etrange nr.eern both yourpelf s my knowledge, p.nd I hi mnnicstc them to yoi:, you in regard to our futi ' v uth -, thai merely d m , have come to inpatient to comai'd to iconfer with a action, ; " If you can make it .. convenient 4U to e mply with this request, have the goodness to write a line to my solicitor, Mr. Vant "Jrl Dorset-street, London, He will bear you company into Wales, a nd will no doubt aBsistna In ooming to a 6atiBfactory nndefcto fier yoTz.as early- Blinding. I.fihali hope TV obediently, ai prachoatle.—Vonrs v I j " ST. Acuvs. ! " To Edmund Rothwelh Epq. 1 ' | : The ironmaster resdj tbiH letter thrice, and then pat it carefully into bis breastpocket. i ' " Whai," he soliloquiiscd, "c&n; Lord St. Anbyn want with me ? knd I'm to race all the way to Wales to meekhini ; Not I. If he wants to Eee me he lihowu where to find me when I return to England, and he can trouble himself to call 'jjîon me, il his revE lations are of such importance." But the inv. rt ol thie [fetter haunted him. Sleeping or waking, hie mSnd was tormented 1 by the question : I "What can Lord St. 1 Anbyn have to tell?" i: He made no mention of tha letter to his wife, for her despondency |had Fettled into !s fixed despair Eince thefy- departure from France was decided en, and he had no wish to add to her anxiety. Arrived in London, he ' took apartments, Bnd loBt no time in securing the best medical attendance for hia wife. jShe was worn oilt by some secret End incessant care, and muçt have recreation, change of lecene, and amusement. [ j This was the verdictjof the doctors; and with a feeling of grateful relief tbat his fe».rs in regard to liis wifp were groundleBB, Mr. Rothwell proceefled tfj arrange his business, preparatory tp a winter eojonrn in Rome. [j i ; Still that letter from WB'GB haunted him, and at last he made up bis mind that he innst see the rnd pf tb^ matter, for the Eabe of his own piece of mind, if nothing else. ij He appointed an hoar for hunting up tbe eld solicitor, Treherne Ti^nt, at ihie ohami bere in Doreet-street ; brit he V^B anticipated in his intention anc( considerably eurprised by a call from thalt Kentleman bimi «11—» email,yihj individja»!, in» roity -wig »nd raitj black koH-frrewbff. " I have only just heard of ypur return to England, Mr. Ilatliwell," he be^an, wlien the e.ilutationb of the day had beeriinterchanged, 'and, you Bee, I have lost no time in seeking an interview. I ehonld have Bought it months ago, Mr. Rothwell, but, unfortunately, you were ont ol England.'' Hepaueed and Bat rubbing his dry hsnda together, Bitting ion the edge; of hia chair, and looking about him with Bp alert, expectant air. The ironmaster bowed, produced a de canter of wine, and pushed it Serosa the table to hia visitor. " Take a glaeBof port, Mr. Vant," he said, "and then have the goodnjees to inform me for what purpoee you have Bought thie interview." Mr. Vant helped himself, to the wine, smacking his lipa over it with great satisfaction. " Well, Mr. Rothwell,'' he eaid, " before I proceed to reveal to yon the etrange and gurprieirijj facts that have come into my poEseeaion—faots touching your interest and honor, Mr. Kothwell—I want to aek you e-i honest question : " Go on, fiir." ' " Mr. HothwelJ, you are si rich man, and a liberal oris—Et leaa;, the world gives you tb&t; cnnracier. Now, eir, jif the Btr.in^'t truths I am about to put intfj your posseapion turn oui, to be prioelesa wortu to yon—iu other words, eir,;if I am able jto convince you that inEtead of a 1 plain ironmaster you are s titled pe-er, with pntgld wealth at yoar command—|f 1 am yfif n! recovering your poB=eBBioiiBp yonrtine, ycur lawful heritage—if I can do all thïE, Mr. H^thwell, what are you willing to do for me!" A Blow fiu"h broee in the ironmaster's ebeekp, and despite hip habitual dignity and rf-posa of manner, he fouud itjhard to rflEtriin rr^if.command. " iUther a strange queetiori, Mr. Vant," he P^id. "Let me hear all tiheae wondrous truths you apeak of, and then I can better j luigr of their value." " y a, fir,' 1 cried the solicitor, faotly. '• My secret would be your Eocret then, Bed yov. could reward me or let it ^lone accordit:r I to your fancy. Xo sir ; I eet rny price firpt, Bnd then do my work. Now. Mr. Ujthwtll, think the matter over. If I do all I nave pron;i-rd to do —reveal to you the Beeret of your birth, tnd ?nake you a titled and enormoualy wealthy man—you wtll give me one bandied thouptind pounda jWhen you come into po^Fc.^ion of your lawful inheritance '! .Mind, sir, uo BJUI alive haa ^he power to do : his for you but me, and how this power came into My hnnda there is no need of expl8i::biL'. Will you comply Tfith my demand or not?'' Mr. Rjthwell meditited for the epace of a mini:; o, and îbeii looked up with a light "s'j-h. ' i bis all Pounds like child's play," he said ; • ' hn .w^ver, I'vs 1 no objection to make this ]!i'iiniHe. If vcu are able to do what yon h.at.- 1 , and 1 tee fit to take advantage of your rr-y.'Uticnt;, I'll give you the hundred thou- .-aijd ncund-." '• V,-ry well, eir," returped the other. '• Here e pen and ink; now ! write me your agreement to that eflect." I " I wouderif you are a madman?" thought Mr. Jkithwell; but he took up the pen and wrote the agreement. lie v?:i3 on the point of signing it with his own name, when the ! solicitor interposed. " One moment, if you please, Bir," he eaid. " tSi|?n—' St. Aubvn.' " What !" " St. A'..byn. That iEyour name, my lord Justin, MerquiF of Rt. Auby The ironmaster dropped hks pen and Btared at hie yieitor. 1 Man, 6re yoa a fool or a lunatic?" he tj&cuhi;!fd. •' Neither tho one nor the other, ae you wiil lhiu," replied the lawyer, promptly. " Sign as I tell you, andlet Ua proceed. My is precious." A sudden recollection of (bat letter from Sr. Aubyn, desiring him jto visit him at Wales, flashed through Mr. E^thwell'e brait). He hud not thought of it before. What, if cftec fall this man were telling him the trut h ? Moved by an instantaneous impulse, lie dipped hia pen in the ink and dashed of! ihe required signature. Mr. Van' took the note, driad the ink with care, folded it, and pu^ it in his breast pocket. '• That P ae ,;oud as the Bihk of Englaud," be said, a greedy glitter in his email, sharp eyob. "Now, sir, we'l' procepd if you are ready." " I am ready, Mr. Vant." "Well. Mr. llothwell," be^un the lawyer, " soire two yeari* ago I chanced to fce in Paris, and I w&b; called into ihe old Convent of the Sacred Heart to hear the confession of a dying nun—Sister Theresa |they called her. 1 have her picture here. Mr,. Rothwell, did you ever pro thait face before f " Mr. Rothwell^took theivory miniature and examined it. ' Yes, 1 ' he anB«ered| 'with ont heaïtatîon, " that is tho face of the worn au -who brought me un for b whjle—Tïeloïse ehe called herthirteen years eelf. Sbe WBB hot my moiljer, but I lived with her till I was 8bont old." '• Precisely," responded tha other, You are willing to swear to tL-ia "Yes, sir, I am willing." "An important link ; our chain of evidence isqnite complete. Mr. llothwell. " Nowfor the etory. I was cslled in, as I have mentioned, to take down the confessions of this woman. ; I did BO, ii the presence of the proper authorities, and now you shall hear it. " This woman, Heloiseby name, w&s; head nurfie at St. Àubvn Houe^, when Lidy Tbeodoise Liudêr that had been, but wife of the late marquis, was delivered of her eon and heir. This head nureq. Heloise, according to her confession, and. also proved by an old Scottish record, whioli I have taken the trouble to ; find, was the wile ol one Auguste St. Aubyn, a younger brother of the marqniE by a secret marriage ; and ehe, too, had» son born, pnly a short I time previous to the [Lidy Thebdosia'a confinement. "Wfell, Mr. Rothwell, it turns out that thie Lord Augubte St. Anbyn, who was a dissolute young ioldier. tired bf hia low-born wife, deserted and disowned her, and tvaa killed soon after;in n duel. " Meantime tbe Marohioneas of St. Aubyn •was at death's Boor, and the infant heir of St. Aubyns was .placed in the care of this woman Heloise. In her pain and anger at being deserted in her spp¢ disgraoe, an idea occurred to her thkt she would revenge hereelf; upon the haughty £t. Atibynp. ; "She took the; infant heirjfrom itgcradle at St. Aubyn House, and hurried him to a little cottage where her mother lived «niib&tl; charge of her own child ; then she took iter babe, the eon o! the dead eoldier and'duellist, AugaiteSt. Aubyn, and parried fcim back to the great honse, ^nd put heii'n pLice, and no one ever euspccted the j deception. | ' Tnus, yjii Eee, Mr. Rithwell, that this woman'» eon, the oHêprïng of hc-r clandestine marriage tvith Auguste Si. Anbyn, was reared at fit. Aubyn Honee, and coneidared the eon of the jmtuquie ; and when the marquis di-3d he succeeded to the title and estates, and the world knows him to-day eh Justin, Lard of St. Anbyn, and, through the death of a great-uncle, also of Nivernois Court." "And the bther child?" questioned tho ironmaster, hoarsely. " " The other child was reared by tbe woman IÎL-loi-o, under the name of Edmund Rothwell." For the s(laei-. of a minute dead pilence leignp, a:id M p. S'nnt watches hie . ompanton w;[h his alert, sharp eye?. Preeerjtly Mr. Ilathwell spcRkp. •• And is tlmt all:" lie EST?. " Isn't it enor:;b. sir .' Hut it isn't quite all. to tell vou tin-: triuh. This dying woman annf(K-ied that sbe had never lofct eight of this Kdreucfl.l: thwtll, lef; by soma chance be should in ^npplantiog lier o~n non. She Inid hiru under her eye wherever be went, fy-m when he married; and when hid wife jv.vel'iith t ) a child, knowing that it wou;d iiiiiti i! Lbe r:-tr>tffl and title that her own son htl-i, ti:ï more to secure him in hie unl-iv/fu) p.u:;ioLt, the r'tole (;ic b&os; and hud it Riur.î.-rieà—too late dlsc-jvoring that it WAR a til"!. ' Wy th:U-Mi,rJard\" _ " fcii Jl'iat^ what-.aba stated nndn: oath,hand -w-ith her last breath. She re' penltd, it appearp, end marte a clean breast, of it. And now, Mr. Hjthwc-11, if f msy venture to call you by -.,nr old neme, what do you propose com/?/ <)l coatee you pee thel your CUP*? id e-> nplflte. 1 oould ha told JGU si! tV.id rr.r but. it is a rule of mine nrv- r to i;r a till I can see the end. This cnraie AH the proofs under i-jy :;t;j is to b^- do. e r' irip. Now, eir, what M". It.'thWe)] r,i : j i: > : : Le. t c-j, with a ouiio k Ih-i t^'-K- He was thiiikiiig c:f the pic .ciiift- of ll.e '^eird maiquis down at . Coori. to which hia wife had aaid he bore ucb a slron.<5 reaemblanc? —his own fath'; n picture, evidently. Hut now without 'a ;hiid, or any hope of ever having one. ht felt but htt'e arxie'.y to clairu bis ri/;hts, [ 't ig fearoeK woith the trouble," he eaid. apenking his tbotjrrUH aioud. "I have enough of the worlnks and care but little for : t a honora, Bat the truth should be established. \Ve!l, the best thing we can do is to go and ee? St. Aubyn. I have a letter from hitn, which retire to thie mutter no doubt. He knowp of it, doe? be ?" " Yea," replied the solicitor, with a sudcei. flash in his £;nall PVL-J, -'he knows of it." Mr. liothwell drew from his pocket the letter datod Aberdudno Lodpe, and tusred it (acroae the table. " 'i'oti can read i r , Mr Vant," he eaid. Mt. \ ant read it ir.cre than once, running his wiry tbric h hi^ rustv wif. "He mes-? comnri.:n.. ;," be said at last, hia eyes twmklir;;; ; " t,bat*H what the marquis meatii." " Shfll vrq VÏEÎÎ him ?" asked the ironrr.apter ; " or p-:nd for him to comf1 to London?" "I think lie has his u'ife with Jiiia," gaij Vant. " She is ill and the doctors tent her these for her hesllh." " In lu&t; Kî?.e," inicnopted Mr. llothwell, '•we will 1 am anxious to Eettle this matter at once, as I str.:t for liome in a fortnight. Shall we go îe-iuorrow?" "If ;,cu like, Mr. ]îjthneil." " Very well; to- morrow, at ten o'clock, then be it. ! [Take tuother £:1b?b ci port, Mr. Vanl, and rjest assured that i: I da make up my mind to (take advantage of the good fortune you kavs put within my reach, you shall have your reward." The solicitor helped himself to a eeoond .glasp, aud Bpnaeked i.ie dry ;;pE r.s he bowed himself out 1 ; and the ironmaster left hie ptivr.ic rooa and hurried to bis wife's apartment. tbiniiing, F.S he went : "'Poor Istibel I I mn-.tkeep all this strange Dt-we a secret from her ; ebe's too weak to hear i - .. !Anil our babe was murdered ! Poor I-_.-i.be; I Iji'tle com[nri would all these empty honors brirg to her !" C11APTEÙ XX. THil! I'.LiCi; UliiV.lNO-IlOOir. A grey, ivy-grown pile o! stone and mortar, on a bik-tiing clift' on the wild Welsh coast facing itbe Oardir;îii Bay, is Aberdudnu Lodge, an r,nt;qu^ied country seat, which came down Co tbe St. Aubynn agee ago from one of their 'ancestors. Up and down tbe long upper terrace, with the cbil! winds buffeting her small, frail figure, paces our poor little Bees. She is robed from head to foot in a dress of grey stuff that makes her look like a nun, but for the Eearlet jscarf about her shoulders, and her streaming flossy hair. Sne shivpTE at overy blast of the dreary wind, tnd tho eight of the beetling crags below seemed in terrify her as they would a little child-! 'But she utters no word of camplaint ; Sti Aubyn has brought her there, and St. Aubyn'g will is her law. She is just tbe sort ofiwoman to be made a slave, and her proud,jhandEome husband has all the characteristics of a tyrant. He loves Betj as well as 5 man of bis nature can love anything that 1 bplonts to him; he ia tender of h c r henhij, i in his way, and would grieve to IûRe her ; Ibut Bess and his Italian hound are on the game footing, and are equally obedient. ! 1 "S; Aubyn has brought h8r to Aberdudno Lodge for her health, and he has told her to walk the «tone terrace for euoh a length of time, and at certain hours. Of course she obeys hinj| though every bone in her body aches from the exertion. St. Anbyn has xidden down to post-town forJetters'imd.hia »Ue is hoping for MB return.: ^vlari iu^pomes galloping .over. *he shingle at a greattate, and in two minutes he is rnrjning up the Stone steps. Bess hurries to meet him, her meek eyes shinÎDg with -womably tendernecE, He stoops and kisses her, though his cheeks ar^ flushed, and his whole manner deeply erûited. "YOU'VB been walking ai I told you, Bess ?" | " Yes dea|r." " Well that's a good girl. I daresay you'll feel much stronger to-morrow. Now, little love, youj must go to your own rooms ; I shall have visitors shortly, and ba occupied oil night, jpcrhaps with important business. Don't venture down at all until I give von permission. I'll order year dinner sent up, and come to yen myself ae Boon as I can. There, kipe me now, and ran away like a good girl." She lifts jup her meek, white face, and kisses him, land then she m&keBher; way into the dreary o5d house, and up the etone stairs into a granjil, cheerless chamber. There she site in a 1 (up chair, before a smouldering fire, and rooking iherseJf to and fro, sobs away the cheerless hoiirs. Meanwhile St. Aubyn stands upon the windy terfafce, his 0yes bent upon the road below. He haB just reaeîïed intelligence that Mr. IWthwril and Treherne Vont are in the neighborhood, and he knows well enough that J\berèudno Lodge is their destination. He walohjeB the liver road, his cjeB like eteêl, his month act in B straight, determined i line. [For nwnthB this horrible thing haB] been hanging over him like «n impending id com, iftn^ -not? ' ^iotir h&£ come when jfcie must mèot it Jape to faos.^k Ooly » ;few weeks before"diaiheéunnïngold FolioUarktell tiim tbe while story—let him eee hq^ prreviM&bly; he was in his power,, and at h» mercy. St. Aubyn had'heaidi rumors, soj had T i-'y of the jjondon «rïgiooracy, hut DO UDU cueaocd ,<he teixible • troth, not èven the young ma^uie himsalt, tm one.morning Mr. ^Vant «oughtîum aj liis iowc house, and told Jiîm *he whole THE SOUTHPORT BULLETIN thicg from beginning to end. St. Aubyn stood like one struck dumb and blind. " For mercy's ssk?, Vant, don't betray me,' 1 he gasped; "don't let any more o! ibis cursed taik get Bfioat. Help me to hush it up." The old man laughed derisively. "Help you to hush it up ?" he repeated. "And I've been nearly two years hunting up proof and evidence 1 Not I, my lord ! Yon have had your day, you and your raCB ; mine has now come. I b'ave not forgotten when I was turned from you- proud father's door, and all for a trifling misdemeanor, that any good man would have pardoned. I swora au oath thp.6 one day I would have my revenge. That day has come. I hold your fate in my hands, but I worn you now to expect no mercy." St. Aubyn bowed, bat an awful terror clutched at his heart. ' You will tell this Mr. Rothwell what you have told ma, then, Mr. Vant ?" he aaked. " I shall, my lord. I should have told him week3 ago, bui he ia no! in England." 'All, Scyr the narqm;. " What iï it? south ft^tc, !u 0 Kemlriiu-ii toSCO yon," replied the old man. St. Aubyn said no more. He had laid his plans to go with his wife to Aberdudno Lodge, and he went, with tbe impending doom hanging over hie head like tha sword ol Dàmoclts. Amid the wild clifï-! oE Cardiganshire St. Aubyn thought the whole thing over, and made his resolve. Ii tbe worst came to the worpe, he WouU oie econer than face the world, that knew him aa a titled peer, as a nameless bege&r;—it might be an illegitimate BOD. He would never do that. No matter what it cost him, he would cling to his heritage, or relinquish it only with hie life. He was not a wicked man or a cruel one then, but he was thoroughly eelfleb to hie hcsrfc'a core. Sacrifice for the Kike of right or principle wss something of which he had no comprehension. He looked Lis fate iu the face, and mr.de up hia mind that he mnst conque-r it. How, he could not determine it. Lut wandering through the old atone houre that overlooked the desolate seï-line, a vague and indefinite idea took shape in ,hiB brain. A very horrible idea it was, aud at first he thrust it from him with a shudder. But it came again, as Kueh temptations always do, and by degrees he began to grow accustomed to its awful significance. By-and-by it haunted him like his own shadow, and at a week's end he eat down and wrote that letter to Mr. Rothwell, requesting him to come to Aberdudno Lodge, and to bring Mr. Vant, tha solicitor, with him. The letter went to Loudon, Bnd Mr. Roth- well'e agent sent! it across to France. St. Anbyn BfAiUilpBti«nll*,- half draftding that they would take him at his word and come to Cardiganshire, and experiencing a curious scMation of relief as dey after day went by and brought no tidings from them. But they were coming now ; only an hour apo his valet had Eeen Vant and a gentleman, a stranger, together. Before the Eun rose again, all would be over. His cheeks paled to the hue of USIIBB, and his handsome irresolute mcuth trembled weakly, but his eyes kept their steady watch upon the Bandy road below. Presently a footstep rang upon the flagetonep, and his lordship wheeled round with a startled face; but it was only old Seymour, bis man-Bervant, the most devoted friend he had. "^h, Seymour!'' taid the marquis. " What is it 2" "A carriage, my lord, at the south gate, and two gentlemen to see von," replied the old man. St. Aubyn gave another start and grew ashen white, in spite of hie efforts at selfcommand. The eld servant watched him with anxious eyes. He had been in the St. Aubyn family sir.ca his infancy ; and served the old marquis till his death, and now served his son with a loving fidelity that was something wonderful to see. Wherever St. Aubyn went old Seymour followed ; the devoted old servant never left his master's side; and if it had been required of him, he would have died as willingly and cheerfully for his dear young master's good as ho lived to serve him. " My lord," lie Baid, while St. Aubyn Etood for the instant irresolute, " what must I do ? Send them away?" His words roused the marquis. " No, Seymour," he replied, wheeling round, with blazing eyes and flushing cheeks ; " condiiat them in at once. I will meet them now | and, Seymour, give orders that dinner bB served without delay. Stay one moment," he added, with a curious Expression flitting across his face. " I—'I may start for London before daylight. Be in readiness to ehnt JIJJ tbe Lodgest a moment's warning. Do you hear!" " Yes, fay lordand with a sad, perplexed face, the old inah went down to the gate "to. meet thesruutpra. ^ ._:'..- . A minute 'or two later Mr. Rothwell and Treherne Vant were nshered in, and Lord St. Aubyn arose to receive them. Yon perceive, my lord,' 1 spoke the ironmaster, when the three were seated, " that I am here, in obedience to your letter received eome days ago, find your solicitor, Mr. Vaut, is with me. As I jfeel extremely anxious to have this unpleasant business over, and to get back to, London at the earliest hour possible, I bfg that you proceed without delay to let tne hear tbe important matters to whioh your letter alludes." St. Aubyn'a heart gave one convulsive bound, and then etood etill. He glanced at Mr. Rothwell, and then at his eoliaitor. "He known, ,J ' he «aid, inwardly; "that fellow Vant has told him tbe whole etory. He will have no mercy. Well, I'll have no mercy cn him when my time comes." " I am muohgTatified toseeyou/Mr. Rothwell," he replied, *' and also my solicitor, and no time shall be lost in getting our business over. But, of course, you have no thought of leaving hère to-night ; there are many tedious details, and musty documents to dispoBe «I—eh, .Mr. Vant?" with & goodhumored nod at the rusty lawyer. "A good matay, my lord," miponded Vant, robbing Ins hands »nd smiling all over his ferret laoe. "Then," poriuod the marquû, blandly, " since there is no hapa..of ^getting -through before midnight, vre w|Q 'lo^tfy ^raiBdres with dinner before we "begin. There goes the hell now; this way,if you ^pleasE." - He bowed «milingly, jUB'^ed the'*r»y to $he dining- room^iolloroir-jby a gpriomlitaneas yhowîn^i^nBlf tetw«m l»|m I ihe'mrohmaB ter^thkt family Jookwhich •Will (iho w 4taetf lo ver •JS^MTVADSR?! y '['-• .p,-LIPL^ÏS* , lellowl" .thoujçht^r,1çBotowell1 : lookjngijat -ilia . «ntortHB^^nnraBn arith commiserakion!;'*' I muÂ Iryjto tn ake amend e ft) him Bomehow.y - _ ' 4 kThe dinner ipa8sea,?BB quite pleasantly, and fl^- Aubjn! hafl iever. peemed In beVter spirits. Oily watchful old Seymour noticed, Lis air of sabdued excitement, and saw that; he took little food, but drank wine in copious draughts. When dinner was at laBt over, and the' guesta aroBp, with the same odd expression; flitting across hia face, St. Aubyn said : ! " Order lights injthe blaok drawing-roomj Seymour ; We will sit there to-night." j Seymour said not a word ; but as he left; the room tp do bis master's bidding he looked back with B startled face. ' "This way. gentlemen," continued the marquis, quietly ; "it isn't plecsant climbing up to such a height ; but I keep my cabinet in the turret drawing-room, and it contains some imoottani papers that I wish to submit to Mr. Vaijt'a inspection." j He kd the way out into a dark and draughty c orridor, and up a winding Btai wsy, which pierced the centre of the main tower of tt o old house, known as the black turret, Mr. Rothwell following with uneuspeoting willingness, bnt the solicitor looking about him with alert, nneasv glancCB, as if be had fears of being led into a trap. i After a lew moments'laborious climbing, they left the winding stone steps, and emerged ir to a large, square room, brilliantly lighted anl strangely furnished in black and Bcsrlet. A cheerful tire blazed upon the blaok tiled hearth, and before a huge blaci cabinet, a black marble table was drawn up, and three great chairs upholstered in black and Bsarlsjt velvet. " JJow, gentlemen," eaid the, marquis, "1 jfouwUl^fceated. *na-aBheiA -Sett mlmrîi» " ' 7.." " ' tis earns wine, we shall toS brirEelveB comfortable. This was my father's favorite drawing-rpbm, ar.d his father's before him, Mr. Itithwell," he continued, throwing himself ip£o one of tbe grep.t tihaira with graceful negligence, and during my annual visits I ihvsrisbly use this apartment for business ofnd private matters. That will da, ] Seymour i you may go now." I Seymour went on: with another startled, ' questioning glance at his young masier' = face. Outside the door he paused, an.; looked diJtrespingiy sbout him. " Wnatldces that queer look on hia fate meau ? ji.n.1 his coming to sit in thai blr.ci; h&untcd; hole ? ' he mormurea in an mn; i voice. ïjien he stood etill, lieteiii!!^ 10 nc murmur of voices wiihin. "I mutt try to sa?2 my dear young master," ne coutiouee, crcat tears tiicklicij silently down his furrowe.d cbtel s. " Surely there's spmethiog wrong 'a-brewin^ iki:- nipht J I must know what it in. !in:l do my duty to mv iDflster." There [was a eine-door at hand, which led into a|small ante-room, communicating through silken alcove 'wiih the turret drawing sjoom in which my lord 3nd lue guesta we-te seated. This door tbe old man softly opened, aud gliding into toe ourtained] recess, be crouched down in the dark. I No gen tieman," prncesded the mr.rqu is " liere is kvir,e. Ilavo the goodness to heir, yourselvds, vvill you?" The f'fy little solicitor chuekbd and noaded, and helped himself to a r'agg of port. " Ab, jorink it while you may, you treaoherouo vampire ! ' thought the ma:quis, " Your days of enjoyment are drawing to a close, itou have not spared me, neither will I /.pare ylou." But hi glanced across at the grave and handsoirje face of the ironmaster, with. a feeling of pity stirring in hiH heart. " I wo'uld like to spare him, if I could," bethought. "He is noi to blame, and my blood runB in his veins. I'll try to spare him, bui I will never resign my name and heritage!" The Are shot up into his eyea again, and he set his handsome teeth close and hard. " Mr. Rjthweil," he began, in a slow, steady, petermined voice. " Mr. Vant has told you the strange story of tbe dying nun's confession ?" " Mr.lVant has told me, my lord," replied Mr. Ronhwell, quietly. " Thak you are Justin, Marquis of 'St. Aubyn, |tnd Lord of Nivernois Court, and I am the son—whether legitimate or illegitimate, i^ yet to be determined—ef Lord AuguBtei St. Aubyn and Lady St. Aubvn's nuraemnid ?' The ironmaster bowed gravely, and Mr. Vant looked on with exultant eyes. "And you believe aU this, Mr. Rothwell?" continued tbe marquis. •' I bejieve it all, my lord ; the proofs nre indisputable." " Theh, sir, will you have the. kindness to tell me what course you intend ! to pursue îl' ; Mr. Rothwell looked up with a Budden flash in his dark eyee. " I don't think that I am called upon t to act in tais matter, sir," he replied, significantly ; j" you should answer that question. What course do you intend to pursue?" ; Something in his smile and in the tone; of his voioe seemed to rouse Mr. llothwell's coutemjit. He turned and looked et him with a withering glance. " There is but one course under tbe circumstances, my lord, that an honorable man coi/JJ pursue." " Mr. Rothwell, will you obligerme by naming (that course ?" "I will," returned the other, hotly. " If you are the min I take you to be, you will not hesitate a minute about resigning to me the title and heritage that belongs to me from mybirtlj. That'd what I should feel ocund to do were I in yonr phtee, c-i.i fnai.'a what 1 GUDposejyou intend to do wht.ii yon summon me here to confer with you." ! St. Aubyn lay bask in his se.it, and for a brief interval his fic-? gave token of the struggle that was '^oir.g on within hici. [île was not a depraved man, incapable of gou'd and no 3le deede. He saw his way clear enough, but he shrank from the eelf-eacrifii it invoh ed Hero e to his feet after a moment's silence, hia lace slowly whijtening. ! Mr. Vant," he aajd, Jixing hie eyea on tha little la ?jer, "you ^night have spared Hiis jgehttejqo trouMez-Iyag'; willing" o pay yon well for your silence, but you ch IBFE to let ; your ; tonguB run. Sir, your revenge was short-lived, and mine ii at hand." He wl îeeled round and Btrode acroBB to jthe door. T 1ère was a key in the loci ; he turned it, took tout, and slipped it in his breast pocket. ; Now , Mr. Rothwell," he said, confronting bis guest again, " you and I will come to.an understanding." Mr. Rothwell rose to his feet, and met ;St. Aubyn'aj excited face with his quiet, BelfpOEBBEEed gaze. j " Why have you locked the door, sir?"! he asked. I" Am I to ba held a prisoner here while you dictate your terms to me ?" j " Y'esJ Mr. Rothwell,"returned tha marquis coolly. ["That is precisely my intention^' The Ironmaster's face darkened v^ith anger, and the little lawyer began to quake and shilrer in hia rusty knee-breeches. \ " I am sure we c^n come to an amicable nndersthnding, my lord," he ventured! to eay in ^ craven, whining way. " I know ilr. Both well to be a liberal gentleman. and"—^ I " Silepce I" interrupted St. Aubyn, a voice treat made thB lawyer start up from his seat. • Who asked yon what Mr. Rothwell will or Will not do? I'll confer with him myael', )»nd with you, too, my friend, when your turn cornea."" : | "No^, Mr. llothwell," facing the ironmaster ^gain, "will you have the goodneas to let me know what you d^eeire d^eeire at at ' my iandsï7 1 ; • . " Hyjrights, «ir.'Jïègponded the other hesitatmglyj... , his î^eœiraùia iwiniiEd.pErceptibly, bnt BnBverpaap^omjptih^d bold. Aritiuniif ^Sl qy^om-fightB^on mean i...n tbe hc!^ title ind beritB£fl <1 «o'w^ioldjiind have held « almost 1 iSnbeinBlionr ioI jaijr birth, let me tall L - onoeioi«l],,Mr.liothwelI, that I ehall " "hem. Tijey^we tnine hy virtui of ieBiion,«n^ )nlne they shall rem 1" njr Sed»toij,f v ' " " The ironmaster looked at him with an expression of règret in his grave fearless eyes. " I hoped : for; better things of you, my lord," he said, elowly.I "lam Eorry to find myself BO deceived and disappointed; for yourdiahonebt and unprincipled courte will neoessarily force me to have my own by aid of the law. i I had intended to deal |gener-! ouEly with ' you, 6ir ; indeed, j if yoq 1 had offered to give me back: my! own, which you have so long and wrprigfulljj held, I am not sure that I should hBte! taken advantage of your honesty. I oaips here sir, irresolntf: whether to claim my rights 01 not, for I am. not an [avaricious man,land have enough and to spEie ; but your dis honesty has decided me. Since youjratusetc resign to me, my name and birthrightj out 0 vfhich 1 have so long been defrauded by you, mother's dedeption, let me tell you ithat ' will have them—name, title, everything." For tbe ppace of a minute after thisfsom what protracted epeeoh,dead silence reigned and the twoj men stood eyeing eachfother Mr. Vant looked on, his exultation blBzini; up again, in, spite of his craven .fear. Stf Aubyn the first to break the silhrjce. Mr. Rotjiweil," be Eaid, a slightltremo about his handsome mouth, " you are righl no do'jbt, and I would like to be ripht too— m&gnanimoria; aud uatcifish. and all that Bort of thing ; but surely vou most see 1 that cannot. That line (of conduct wdtild leav me a beggi'.r, and wqrEe, nameless, ;perhap in the eyes of a wcrlû that has worshippei me from my youthL i j cannot stjind "tha Mr.-Jl tthwiiil, and -I^c&nnot; oiye^ffàii fvhi t •yBtl'îélïim lint "is ^ffe'TflBimcgr^d—ijo' other condi tiocsT (Nnma your pcicp—om half, or p.vo: niore tftan onr.-ball, of |ny po sessions. 1 riil pay you well if | you w^l i'O b.»ck to rour iron mines and let th rfT-tir diop." Tn- ii tbh in liis' !!• •• , / that ; t-iiiiibriV bui lu- mi:s•rp-ri d, -iit 1 The Tyorld l;iall kne ;e eyea n wiri !ul eir. Ilith'.vell'B heaijt, drcieion ;ught 00 F-l any the secret pf rr tally docidftd ?" seketl fhetnc white, "trenpe look erei ,iing ov " \V' !,J - LU : •' mnre tir/ie to thinkjit Xot 3 luiruic. My mind n made Up, ar.d yi-F-ts would r.ev,--r chf-.nrn it." ! | j " Vi-iy weli, Mr. Itjtbwc".!." : ! Ik -. nii led round, crcsacd it> the tslll, bin'.ii c.-binE!. •'X'o.v. Mr. Ve.it. if yen pleseo, we wjili esintine !hc-e pr.' er» 1 Rpoke of," he saidJ ilia voicc Found-.-;! = i\nd unnuturkl, and t'n.-rr an awful look on his face. The 1 !»'•'• I « iiotic.d it. and a thrill of terror shook him from bead to ico! ;' but he :sp proached, c? did the ironn.-aMcr. tbe b'.flck Cibintt be'or'i which St. Aubyn etood. 1 be laitcï |.ui, tip'ùii hiud as if to take qut a roll c! psprii that occupied a small shelf, but, instead, he podiec bard sgaicst senpetbing which yielded with e. shtvp pnap. The next instant be leaped suddenlv BEidc, aiid tbe floor in front <if tbe- cabinet wer,t down with a null crash, and ihe lawyer and Mr. llothwell 'vent down with it. Foi- in instant there was a yawning black obaein, a rush of lo3tbsome ai|r, s stifled, gurgling cry. a'ld then the black trip-door roec slowly up, and was adjusted ^in its f)ld place by another ehsrp stisp of its secret machinery ; und. with a face like tbe f&cej; of a dead mon, St. Aubyn stood ini tha black drav.'iii^-ioom—alone ! | CHAPTER XJil. A fiTEASJQF.MEETISO. For a minute, perhaps. a!t^r the dieappear- ance of Mr. Rothwell and the lawyer intolthe abyss, tne Marquisof St. Anbyn fctood th^re, with Btrained eyes aud listening e&rs;, and then ho made a frantic rush at ihe door. ! " I'm safe," he articulated, in. a •jtrailgs, cbokirij/ whisper, as he groped st fhp lopk; " that fail must have killed theih irîtautly. From the tur-rt, down to the old idoi.fon ' It is terrible to think of, though 1 Hut tney forced me to it. Why couldn't they let jme alone? Cures this door !—slisl 1 1 never Iget it open ? Ah, here's the key in my pocket. I forgot." j His hBnds shook, bin very knees bent under him. At last he got the door op^u, rushed out headlong, as if a ghost wer<| at hiB heels. "Seymour, Seymour !" he called, etumb ing on towards the great stairway. 1 From a ehadoy/y corner the old men euddenly shot up. " What in it—what's the matter, my lord ? he gasped, bis face not lees ghastly than his master's. ! I " V7ho said anything waa the m&tti; turned St. Aubyn, hotly. " Sts-nd idiot ? Why do ybn etare at msj?o ? " Oh, my dear yonng master," entreated the poor nld.man,j with .bia^jiffyiïht ;d <iyeb «tlljttve y où "done?""" " St. Âuburn raised his hand as jif to strike at him in his eudden rage and fear. Will you cea^e aehing me ^ues^iorisî" he cried. j Nothing is the matter, only I'rh gc away to-night—this hour. I've hai n from London. I must start ati onoa. yon ready to ehut up the houce, a dered ?" The old man bowed his head, arid then added, in his tremulous voice : My lord, what have you done wjithlour guests?" "Done with theihl" echoed;St. seizing hia arm and forcing him d words the Etairs. "I have doine nothing with them. They are gone—goïie tD cjitch the London train—and I am going too. Be quick ! Have out the horses ahd «hu^ up the house, and don't B6k another qoeBtion, if you value your life." j The old man obeys, wringing hia hAnds and moaning BB jbe descende the vimliDg stairs. j ! St. Anbyn darts) back to the (door of] the blBek drawing-room, shuts it and licks it, putting the key in his pocket, ahd then fol- IOWB in old Seymonr'ajsteps with a strucge his tbat feeling of relief, ^B if he had locked dark night's work Bafe and Beoure |n turret room. He crosses thai draughty cottidoir, makes his way straight to his rooms. and ife'B She is yet sitting before the smouldering ashes, wrapped in her Boarf, her hrown hair clinging to ber white thin chee!™, ft e fears not yet dry upon her long ashee. She is fast asleeb, poor, Weary littlje and loEt in & happy dream. A lights her still :^eatareB,..|ier clasped, and ehe murmuTBindiHtinatly : " Ah, Redmond, Redmond, ia" îi y cries Bees, j.j St. Aubyn drops on hia -kneet chair, and takes-*the slender %im.i,—[To be continuai.) 