CONFIRMATION SER?-ICE. A LaoRG congregation assembled at St. Luke's Church; North Fitzroy, last Friday evening, to the 'confirmation service. Thirty-six condidates pre sented themselves, and in their'snowy robes and veils, formed a very pretty sight. .The ceremony was performed by Bishop Goe, and other olficiating clergymen were the Rev. G. [. Arm strong, of St. Luke's, and the Rev. Mr. Thomas, of St. Andrew's Church, Clifton Hill. Bishop Gee gave an earnest address before the service, to which the youthful candidates listened with profound attention. They had come, the Bishop said, to the church for two things that night. One was to give their hearts to God in the same way that a soldier when he enlisted gave all his service to Queen and country ; the other was to receive the gift of the Holy Ghost that God: was ever ready to give them. Friends; and parents had come to see in the hope that in the laying on of hands they might receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. God could bestow that gift on them that night, and give them grace to overcome their sins. 'He knew better than they themselves how power less they were to keep from sin by their own strength, and His help in over :oming would be freely given. The customary questions were then put, and satisfactorily answered, after which the Bishop continued his address. He trusted that many (of those presenting themselves had given their hearts to God, but it was the first time they had made public profession of having done so. It was an easy thing to swim with the tide, but the time of trial was when the current was against. them. The most important thing' in coming to church was to worship dd.' When the Lord Jesus came into the world it was not only to save' sdouls -inout to found a church. Family prayer was 'a great thing; every night when :they' retired they should thank God for all His mercies, for He was the Father. Then there was the communion'; it should be a great day, that on. which were first priviliged to partake of this. They should pray that they might be devout and always eat the bread and take the cup in the true spirit of its giving. They should come when they could to the Holy Communion. No experienced Christian, but had at some time been ashamed thus to openely acknowledge God, and they should strive for the the courage and earnestness to openly glory in doing so. 