ITEMS OF SPORT. \- «. L ORIGINAL AND CRIBBED. (Br the "Bird o' Freedom" Stajtv.) Who sayB Dr. Carvor i3 not fond of fishing. Ask him. We hoar that Elymaa can bo bought at a docent prico. Fryingpau is standing at Carisbrook (Vie.) . this season. W. A. Long was out on the track on Tuos- day morning. Moran rodo Weslella, who won tho Trial Stakes at Wagga. Five hundred to five can be bad on the double — Tramway and Spring Handicaps. Tho offices connected with Tattorsall's Buildings aro commodious and well lighted. Joe Burton will prohably have a out at the Metrop. with Muriel. She ought to have a big chance. We put our readers on to the winner of tho Caulfietd Cnp some timo ago. Don't forget . him, brethren. Champagne flowed frooly at tho formal , opening of Tattorsall's Club. Sporting men aro generally liberal. Latonia, winner of the Siros Produce \- Stakes and the Foal Stakes at tho Murrum- 1 bidgoe T.C. meeting, ie:by Oadeis — Latonia. Tho stallions standing at St. Albans, Goe- long, this seasonare Eiridspord, by Isonomy — Sousie Qaeou; First King, by King of the . Ring — Mischief ; Robinson Crusoo and Tron- ton. As_ tho Old 'On was walking down the training track at Randwiok one morning this weok some follow sang out, " It's raining in London." Tho Old 'On immediately stopped and turned tho bottom of his trousers down. A euro has, it is said, been discovered for splints, the horse to goon working whilst the remedy iB being applied, and no blemish to be loft. Tho reported discoverer is Mr. Cavo- Brown-Cave, who, it seemB, found tho materials for use in Australia. - Mr. John M'Mullin, of Bingeberry, Rouchelj has disposed of his thoroughbred stallion, Soipio, to Mr. Androw Gardiner, of Manilla, at a very good figure. Scipio is a slashing big horse, of about 161 bauds, of great power, and is by Glenalvon (son of Hawthornden) out of Meta, by Metoor, by Lord of tho Hills (imp.), grand dam by Deception. Brisbane Boomerang says : — " On dit, there is a little wranglo going on over the bit won by Yabba's party. The stake won was a good one, but tho party is said to have been done out of a big share of it, the bulk of tho money going to a well-known Sydney bookie. I givo this for what it is worth." Now, then, who's the bookie P Don't all speak at once. It is an occurrence of the greatest rarity to see a final with the four 'competitors almost level at the tape. At Carrington on Tuesday night many people loudly proclaimed that the fourth man had won tho Second- class handicap. ' Some said the first man was last, and no two people placed the men similarly. The judges were the only men able to express an opinion, and their docision was not cavilled at. Tho Queensland bred horses engaged at the A.J.C. Spring Meeting are : — Singleton, Yabba, Siiversbot, Beggar Boy, Empire, Euroka, Brasenoso, Elymas, Wandsworth, Buttons, Kiug Olaf, Megaphone, Garuda, Doubtful, Faux Pas, Sir Anthony, Yowi, Bondigo, Hero, Touchstone, Lancer, Starch, Grafton, Calodonian, and Sandy Greaves. With such a formidable string tho northern colony shonld score a few wins. 45) The imported horse Trogoaglo, who camo out to Australia in 1869, in- company with Talk-o'-the-Hill, died a few days ago ih South Australia. Bred by Lord- Falmouth in 1865, Tregeagle was by Wild Dayrell from Silver- hair, by Kingston from England's Bounty, by- Birdcatchor, and was a good performer on the English turf. Among tlie horses sired by Tregeagle may be mentioned Dovico, Speotre, Wattlo, Umslopogaas, Ghost, Delaraere, Symbol, &o.; Mr. Daniel Cooper, the Australian sports man who has gone in for racing so extensively in England, told Dr. Barrett, the well-known crickoter, lately in London,- that English horses were mueh superior to Australian nags, but admittod_ that " a wonder like Carbino might hold his own in tho beet English com pany !" It would bo very interesting to hear what Mr. Cooper would- say after Carbine, Marvel and Bungobah had an interview with tho best English equine company over their own diBtanoe. An Auckland paper says The commission on tho part of Tirailleur and Sternohasor ap pears to havo been a genuine one, and is in favor - of the layers. Look at tho ease of - Cuirassier lost year. They havo tho voyage \- boforo them, have to get acclimatised, and, lastly, are they good enough F Tirailleur has has nover done anything to show ns that ho is good onongh- to carry fist 61b to victory in a rooe like the, Melbourne Cnp, while in my own mind I am brio there is no stable inNow Zea land got the taoklo to try a dark one for tho V.R.O. Derby. -The time test will ruitf any man. - I suppose tho public will follow suit, tnongh I it wonld be much bettor to wait and see how 'they got on, thon toko shorter odds. What prioe Sunshine for tho A.J.O. Derby ? Tatt's. Club, opened on Tuesday, is the finest in the world. Alcides ought to run well to-day if ho is Mr. Kelso's solootod. Tirailleur was out on the track the othor morning doing gontlo oxoroiso. Yoomans, tho Bathurst trainer, has got a roal good jumpor in work at Randwiok. Mr. Oxonliam laid .810,000 to <6200 against Tho Tyler for tho Molbonrne Cup thiB wook. It is reported tho stablo havo backed Tho Tyler to win .810,000 in tho Molbourno Cup. For blow, brag and bluster it would be difficult to- beat somo nowspapers ra their oirodlation. Spondulix is tho best high jumpor in Aus tralia. He was recently in Dr. Carver's Wild West Show. "Yorax" is writing a now novel. It will appear in the Refbrrb shortly aftor the conclusion of " Jookoy Jaok." Melos looks in-great heart, and he bonnded along the traok by himsolf on Tuesday morning like a two-year-old. Two Up won tbo double at Wagga, the Gold Cap and Town Plate. Ho won the Cap twico, tho horses having boen started in front of the post the first time. The champion " gassor " at Randwiok in the early morning hails from Melbourne. To judgo by his conversation, he thinks lie knows more than half a dozen ordinary men pat togothor. They boast of a carnivorous stallion in Dakota that eats 51b of raw beef qt a feed, and bo is said to be able to maintain a barem of quite double tho number of marcs of any of his brethren in coiisuqucnco. The two-year-old golding in Mr. I. T. Cars- lake's stablo by Robinson Crusoe from Moweriua, lias boon named Little Martin, and Mr. D. S. Wallace lias named bis Grand master— Logacy filly, Inheritance. Wycombe broke down vory badly in the Elsternwick Park Handicap on Saturday, and was unable to fiuisb tho raoe. Ho was hardly able to limp baok to tho Daddook, and is not likely to bo all right again for some time. Ho lias been a groat disappointment to his owner, Mr. C. Elliott, and to bis trainor, Mr. P. ICelly, as ho has never shown any of bis three-year-old form. He onoe succeeded in defeating Abercorn and The Australian Peer in tho Randwick Plato, of three milee, through the riders of the two horses namod looking after eaoh other bo closely that they lot Wycombo get away so far that they wero . unable to catoh him when thoy wanted to do so. Wycombe - ia one of the few horses by Maribyrnong now in training, and it is ourioua that another of them, Bridegroom, also ran on Saturday. Mr. E. Woekes leaves for India shortly with a lot of horses, which should repay him well, many of thorn boing good performers and likely to hold their own woll in the land of their adoption. Amongst these are Good Hope, Query, Approbation, Plebeian, Corona tion, ' Poggy, Lyrebird, Yatapa, Belvidero, Colleen Juna, Luoifor, Caliban, and Hortenao > II., who won the Steeplechase so oloverly at Caulflold on Saturday. Mr. Weekes, who will be missed when tho selling pjaters are pat up for sale during his absence, is accom panied by C. Rudinga, who will train and ride for bim in India, and may remain there permanently. A public moating for the purpose of forming a jookoy olnb was held at Mr. Sweeney's, Glenroagh, when about twenty-five attended. Mr. J. Sweeney was elooted preaidont, Mr. J. Cowling treasurer, and Mr. E. J. Sweeney seoretary ; committee, Messrs. D. Morriss (vice-president), T. Sweeney, F. Forbes J. Brennan, P. M'Guire. Sixteen of those present enrolled thonfielves as members, tjio tee being fixed at 10s 6d. Five members were deputed to canvas for subscriptions, and t-o have the same in the secretary's hands by September 12, whon_ tho committeo meet for the purpose of drawing up a programme and fixing a dato for holding a raoe meeting, the same to be approved of Dy tho membora at a general meeting. Some of the members of tho Victoria' Ama teur Turf Club-think that the time bos arrirod when an entrance fee should be aharged. It ia submitted that the old members havo borno the brunt of tho battlo in the post, and have brought tho olub to itsprosont proud position, and that, therefore, thoso who now wish to join so successful an institution shonld pay something substantial for' tho priviloge. _ The matt or has been disonasod by the committee, and although there ia not unanimity on tho, Question it has been daaided to recommend or tbo consideration of the' members at the annual meeting on Soptomber 28, that on \- entrance fee of J110 bo charged. If the mom-, bers adopt the recommendation, thooommitteo will institute an absentee list, so that any member wishing to leave tho colony for any length of time may havo his name placed thereon.- On his returning to- the colony ho will bo enabled to resume the privileges of- a . member by simply continuing his subscription, whioli ia £5 per year. Rosebill pony raoos take place noxt Tues day. \ Thore are over one hnndrod trotting traoks in France. ... Piety won the Grandstand Handicap at Wagga on Tuesday. Sir William looks well, and does capital work on the traok. It is said that an offer of lOOOgs has been deolined for Medallion. Vongoanco would be heavily backed for tbo Melbourne Cap at 1000 to 70. , Two Up won tbo Wagga Cup. Our selec tion, Ariadne, ran seoond. Maine's feo ia 30gs, and ho is limited to 10 approved mares, besides his owner's. Centanr goes- well in his work. Watoh when ho is backod, and follow the load. Goldsbrongh, The Drnmmor, and Sweet William aro standing at Tocal this season. Mr. W. H. Kent, the well- known Brisbane breeder, will -bo in Sydney for the A.J.C. Spring Mooting. Thero is nothing wrong with Stromboli. He doos hia work regularly and well, despite assertions to tho oontrary. Sailor, by Aborfovle — Silverbeamf Sam Waller, Piokwiok, and Handor have arrived in Sydney from the Clarenoe Rivor diatriot. Tattorsall's Club hold titoir mooting at Randwick to-day. There was no reason why they should not have hold it as arrnugod last Satnrday. Mr. James Perry, the popular secretary of Tattersall'e Club, must feel well pleased with his new quartors. They are exoeodingly comfortable and luxuriously fittod. Abo Barrington is in town. He looks bale and hearty. Abe saya Jim Nesbitt, W. Moonoy, and a heap of Brisbane sports are coming down for tho A.J.C. meeting. What a wonderful old slave Mr. J. A. Mayo has in ' Toronto ! Built very muoh on the clothes horse principle, tbo old bay is yet a son of Maribyrnong and Cameo, and is, there fore, half brother to Pintarob, now in Eng land. He was bred by tho Hon. Jamos White somo dozen years ago, and under the name of Otronto was once thought a great deal of ; bnt hia early promise was deceptive, and he was sold by tne late squire of Kirkham for a mere song. He liaa boon Beldom sick or sorry, and although his tirabors show signs of hard usage, thoy carry the old fellow as bravely and as well as over ; and as hia present owner iB very fond of him, the gelding will probably see many moons wax and wano. Toronto has run and won more races than the great majority of Australian thoroughbreds. At a meeting of the Bondigo Jockey Clnb committee on Monday W. E. Dakin was ap pointed bandicapper of the olub, and the fol lowing officers wero eleotod: — President, J. C. Walker; treasurer. J. H. Goudgo; Btarter, Godfrey Wataoil; sto wards, A. C. Wilson, J. C. Stamp, J. C. Walker, E. W. Kirby, and Dr. Hinohcliff. A sub-committee was ap pointed to reviso tho rules and consider tho question ot increasing tho number of \- meetings. " Spectator," tho N.Z. writer, says : — "What a ' div ' Morok wonld have paid bad bo got homo in tho National ! There were only £11 invested on liis chanco ont of JB1478. <eitt aonfc to the machine by his owners, bow- over, did not get thero in time, consequently the bookers would have received a big haul. The roan ran better than Ahna, on whose obanoe .£401 was invested. It is cortain the biggost outsider, liad.be stood np, would havo beaton tho best favorite in the raoe. Racing is a fnnny game, is it not ?" " Vagrant," in the Maitland Mercury, says : — For a long time past I have looked upon Splendor as the finest specimen of a blood stallion in Australia, and I bavo not boon Blow to set this opinion npon record wbon opportunity offered. It is therefore very gratifying to mo to find that by an un deniable merit Splendor's progony have worked their way so well into tho affections of raoing men that tho' list of tho son of Speonlam and Bathilde has been full for some weeks past,' no 'doubt muoh to Mr. Reynold's satisfaction. In tho horse's list I find the names of Phillina (imp.), and dam of Prelude, Blank Swan (dam of The Qneon, Ac.) from the ohoioe little stud of Mr. John Hart at Bolwaria. - The Hon.- W. A, Long has sent his imported Hermit ' mare Dame Agnes and- her daughter Minnie Agnes, by the great Irish performer- Barealdino ; the gallant little Crossfire, who is own sister to the Molbourno Cup winner Arsonal'i once more treads her nativo clover, and is accompanied by the once speedy Consequence, and others from . the famous Hobartville stud. The imported mares Banksia, Tho Witoh, Bengal Light, and Apofborpo;- and several of the Tooal crack mares will bo visitors to Splendor's seraglio, so that'if the descendant or the mighty Block- lock doos not-this season begot a great race horse there is no morit in breeding from good performors. ana . good, blood. For my own part I am eonfidont that tho big Tooal ehos- nut will ere long be . looked npon as tho best sire ot stayers In Australia. Chatham will make matters vory warm in the Spring Handicap.' Tho raoohorsa. Tilbarn, by Kingsbrough, from Tibby, died recently. Tattorsall's Club assets in February lost wero .£30,175. Well done, Tatts.. Sbvoral Brisbane horses havo arrived in Sydney, in anticipation of tho A.J.O. Meeting. A Tasmanian writer says the best horse in training in tho tight little island oould be bought for <8450. Sligo, wo hoar, has taken kindly to jumping, and will be worth a trifle when ho starts for a raoo ovor tho sticks. Thoro is a rumor that Tom Malone is about . to ohallengo Dr. Carver for a 5-milo race. What a orowd it wonld draw. Joo Creasy, of Bathnrst, has got a good Trident yearling. He won the dam in a raffle. Joo always wee lnoky. Tho local tipster of tho Waooa Advertiser was fairly on the job with .his selections on the seoond day of tho meeting. Lord Carrington went to South Africa on tho same steamer as Genehil Booth, and yot they say there no suoh thing as look. Fine weather has bean ordered for Tatt's. Meotipg to-day. Three drops of rain, how ever, may oause a flood on the oonrse. " Augur " is contribnting artioles to tho AubtraJiABIak on " Sires of the Season." Tho old warrior is not done with yot. Mr. Olliffe mode a real good epeooh at the opening of Tattorsall's new rooms. The ' olub has made rapid strides during tho post score years. Tho two-year- old colt Friday, by Robinson Crusoe — Maid of A venal, has boon sold to Mr. Pnrobos, owner of Portsoa, Portland and other horBOS. Tho woll known racing man Baron de Hirsoh, gives all bis winnings in the way of stakes to tho'varions hospitals in London. It's nieo to be a hospital. More joj for " Chokebore." — The Dnohess of Hamilton is a capable Bhot, while the Marohioneaa of Aileabnry is very smart with tho gun over the pigeon traps. -' Mr; Clibborn shonld really attend tho race- ' coarse about training hours in the morning, and hear all tho oomplimontary speeches modo about him. It wonld cheer his sonl. The horses purchased In Mebonrne by Mr. E. Woekes liave left for India. Among them are_ Good Hope, Query, Peggy, Hortonaa II., ' Coliban, .Yatapa, Lyrebird, Coronation. . Luoifer, Colioen Jnna, Approbation, una Belvidero. Mr. M. Arnold, at the opening of Tatt'e Club, said the brass chandeliers wonld con trast splendidly with the silvery voioee of the bookmakers. Was this irony ? We generally fancied bookmakers possoseed more brass than ordinary pooplo in more sonses than ono. Another journalist got a lift. " Aamodeua," of tho Melbourne Leader, bos been ap- pointed judge for the V.R.C. Bravo I Mora powor to him. He's a good writer, is " As- mody," and he will make a dashed good jndge. A Charters Towers (Q.) writer saya : " Mr. R. Beok has disposed of Shamrock and Rebel to a Sydney sportsman. They are both, aa my readers know, sons of that popular sire Marvellous, and no donbt thoy will pay their way ia their new home. Mr. Lindsay has made np his mind to send Corsioan to Sydney, where he will be trained and rnoed. and judging by tho success of those that have gone before him, he shonld do well there. He is to bo trainodby W. WalBb, a most painstaking and efficient trainer; in whose ' hands- it will ' be remembered that Barton Blink was so woll brought ont at tho annual meeting, and it may be relied npon that every juatioo will be done to him. Mr. Book is < . taking advantage of the opportunity offered by Walsh going down with Coraican, and sending Shamrock and Rebel to Sydney in'hie ' chargo." ... The following incident of the cricket field is a foot: — Last soason a junior match was being played at Moore Park. The contestants ranged from the' ago of 14 to- 18 years, and ono sanoy youngster who woro a straw hat had been " playing the rock " to some purpose. At last in going book to play a difficult. ball _ he went almost on to his wiokot, and his hat falling off dislodged a bail. The opposing captain (fielding at point) said, " Jones, old . boy, if I appeal yon will be given ont." The batsman answered, " What I Yon ought toga ' and study the rales of orickot beforo starting to play. My father played cricket before yon were born." "Umphl but bis son didn t," was the interrupted reply. To olinoh matters tho batsman produced fire pieces of. silver, and said, "I'll bet you 5s yon are wrong." The wager was made, and an adjournment followed. An old Intercolonial player, just thon appeared, and Ira was asked to deoide. -Ho heard both, sides, and then askedfor the money so that there shonld bo no quibbling after tho deoision was given. This was com plied with, and then the veteran answered, " Boys, betting, especially on cricket, t cannot and will not onconra'ge. My decision is that aa tho captain did not appeal he oonld not say what the umpire's dooision wonld -be, and thus he does not win. As the- batsman - was olearly out. according to the -rales of orieket he does not win. Now. as neither wins . I shall givo this money to the — — C.C., aa I . know its finances aro not flourishing." Ho. thereupon drove both, hands into his pookots, bid them good day, and strode off. Tho boys . lookod strangely-after him. for a few seconds, and then with one voice exclaimed, "Woll. I'm blowed." 