TORQUEMADBD AND THE IN QUISITION. F ( - The judgments of the Inquisition were always given in a large place, capable of containing a great number of people, 3,000 or 4,000, in the amphitheatre of which were arranged seats of different heights or degrees, some for the accused, others for the tribnnal of the Inquisition and counsellors of the kingdom, and towering above all the others that of the Grand Inquisitor. - In the space between was placed a chair for the preacher, with an altar by its side and a stool for the criminal who was to 'hear his sentence. The ceremony generally took place on a Sunday-on a good day good work, thought these terrible men--commeno ing at 6 o'clock in the morning, and going on until 6 in the evening. They took the prisoners from their dungeons, giving each one a little vest, having sleeves tagged or weighted with iron, and tight drawers which came down to their heels, vest and drawers being made of black linen striped with white. Outside this dress they put a sanbenito, which is a..sort of cloak or scapulary, which hung down in .the. front and at the back, after - the -fashion of a herald's coat, and those who wore them knew what their sentence would be before hand from the different colours of the cloaks and the figures, etc., on them. Those who were condemned to death had sanbe nitos of yellow linen, with the cross of St. Andrew painted in red on them. Those who having been condemned to death, had escaped the executioner by avowing their crimes . before their condemnation, wore a seasulary called samarra, on- which were embroidered flames burning downwards, such as the Por tuguese called' Fogos Recolso, and those con damned to be burnt alive a grey samarra, on which was represented a man surrounded by flames and devils stirring up the fire. At the end of the scapulary the victim's name and crime were written. Theyalso wore pasteboard caps inthe shapeofasugarloaforcunicalmitre, garnished liberally with flames and imps, called caroc7las. They were then gagged in a most painful way, so that the monuth could neither be closed nor opened, after which a breakfast of dainties was placed before them and they were ironicallyinvited to cat. This farce being over, each one was given a taper of yellow wax and led out into the public square by a familiar of the Holy Office, who, under the name of godfather, was obliged to answer and be re ponsible for his unhappy companion throughout the whole gri n.per formance. Then the procession would start. First marched the Dominicans, carrying the banners of St. Dominic, having the honour of going first because he was the fret Inquisitor of-his faith; then came the other Inquisitors, the high dignitaries of the Church, the nobility, and magistrates; these were followed by the accused, who walked one by one, with naked feet and bhare heads, Sexiept.the mostunfortunate,. who wore the pasteboard caps, each one holding the wax taper in his hand. In the middle of the pro cession a large crucifix was carried, the face of the figure on it turned towards those who had escaped death, and the back towards the others as a mark that they deserved no pity. Having arrived at the place where judgment was to be given, a preacher mounted the'. pulpit, and. gave a sermon tenrding., to the conversion of the Jews and heretics, who were blasphemously reviled. When the sermon was finished, an inquisitor took the preacher's place and called the criminals one after theother. The criminal called'left his place, and, condctoed by an Ad!eide, placed himselfon his knees before the inquisitor, who read his procis and his sentence. When all the sentences were read, an inquisitor came, accompanied by some -prieste, to those who had escaped death, and ab solved them from - the excommuni cation which they had incurred, giving each one a little stroke with a rod. This sentence of excommunication was thought so terrible, that the officers of the Inquisition dared not speak to the accused nor show 'them the slightest mark of friendship-not even the godfatherswho walked besidethem: But the moment they were absolved from their ex communication they might speak to them. If amongst the number of victims doomed to suffer there hsppened to be a priest, he was atri4ped of-hia-"esnoni al5, which he was allowed to weartothelast, that his humiliation and degradation might be greater, and then to remove the oil of his consecration he was subjected to a most cruel and abominable process. His lips, hands, and shaven crown were seraped with a hit of glass until they Those whose execution had not yet been arranged, and the reconciled prisoners, who had saved their lives by recanting their faith, were now separated from those condemned to rlmtl..-*';" l,_t-.?'?"-'- ?L?"-ro ?f? once more to the dreary solitude of the" gloomy - underground dun geons - of the Inquisition, to drag out, sometimes, a miserable existence for long long years in those loathsome places, per haps inthe end,after sickening alternations of hope and fear, to finally expiate at the stake, the only refuge from torture and the rack, an imaginary crime; the others who had been condemned to suffer all the rigours of the Inquisitorial decree, at once were conducted to the place of execution, where piles of logs had been placed. Here each victim was bound to a stake, and then the executioner asked them in what religion they.wished to die. If they said they wished-to die Chris tians they were merc(fully strangled before being. burnt; if not--and the Jews and \- Mohommedans often .adhered -to their re ligion with dogged courage, suffering any tortures rather than recant-they were burnt alive! - Prisoners were jealously guarded from having any intercourse with the outer world, seeing no one but the jailor, and a priest of the Romish faith, ignorant of the charges made against them, and in a truly desolate condition, with the fear of unknown horrors before them; for Torqtuemada knew not the quality of mercy, and m the deep and impreg nablevaults of the Inquisitionhadhis unhappy victims tortured in the most horrible manner, in order to make them confess their guilt, or at any rate that whtch the Inquisition wished them to confess, and the tortures being more, in many cases, than human nature could endure, no end of people con fessed to crimes of which they had never even dreamt. At midnight in a gloomy dungeon, faintly'lighted by flickering toiches, these fiends. in the name of religion, tortured their hapless victims. " Whether min, matron, or tender virgin, they were- stripped naked -and:stretched upon the wooden bench. Water, weights, fires, pulleys, screws - all the apparatus by which the e inews could be strained without c-aking, the bonesbruisedwithout breaking, and the body racked exquisitely without giving up its ghost-was now put into operation. The executioner, enveloped in a black robe from head to foot, with his eyes glaring at his victim through holes cut in the hood which mufled his face, practised suno cessively all the forms of torture which the devilish ingenuity of monks had invented." The heavy noisome air of the dungeons re sounded with the cries and groans of the miserable wretches, who in those medi eval days thought they would lose their chance of heaven, peril their souls, if they recanted the faith in which they had been born and firmly believed, and were torn by cruel and horrible pains of both mind and body. But what cared Tor qnuemada and hisbloodhoands forthat ? They were heretics, dogs of Jews, and they must 'suffer, in thattheydid not belong to theHoly Church of Rome. So they were stretched on the rack, until their strained joints werelike tocrack, andburst asunder; they were tied with the soles of their bare feet within a few inches of a blazing fire--a foretaste of that cruel death at the stake to which so many were to come at last; the were suspended from the ceiling by her hands, which were cased in iron gloves so tightly screwed that the victim's ingere were crushed and bruised; they were placed on frames head downwards and ecourged till the blood ran; they had pieces of their flesh pinched away with red-hot irons; their toe and finger nails were torn off; their teeth dragged out; they were Sforced into machines that pressed the knees ' up tothe chin, bent the head downon the breast, and cramped them in a moat painful fashion; ltheywere aspended by sha hooks driven in under the shoulder-blade; they were nearly tom asunder by ropes ;and leys; thsy were prodded with red-hoa needles all over the body and liimbs -rmd a refoiieenmt of toirtre which .Torquemada often ordered, was to have a cloth tied-over. the nose and mouth of the victim, and a monk, who eat beside, kept dropping water on. the cloth, which mnst Shave produced a most painful aeue of suafod catidn. Terquemada, in 1498, the anthor of so much woe and mlasry, the obecn of such Shitter htred, died pea?eably In his bad! "Forthe edvaonmmeut of the faith all means are lawful." If this were :not, it sAhol Imve beable'rotto. "" r e?oovietions of Torquemada," says M. RosseunwSaint Hilaire,' ':were sinmeere, one cannot doubt, when one examines his life; bit with what astoiiishment," mixed with horror, does- one view this life given up entirely to doing ill, with the same ardour and perseverance that othere do good 1'" Hifiame remains for' ill time- deteste&. and abhorred amengetmin.n. But his evil' work, unhappilyis not dead wit-h him. :During more than three ,cen turies the Inquisition ground down Spain, and the country yet boars its impress." 