.,. „ll5m-ltinR hot. This is all we can say ^"iinw. as ....... our Descriptive . and Poetical all the adjectives about the . sky of Sunny Australia and all that L^thii!" i- present out of collar—in fact, fti'mit t™> lim ' a point upon it, is somewhere 'tVcinont with ice on his teeming trow, i^'hvli.n machinist and two compositors, -Simrti".' Editor was languidly fanning us e.'l'f' of"(lie Argun at the date, and, as we •h waft, picking us up from the of our oilicc and reseating us again ItSKt 'Mil'' 1 i the door ! |4atkT tlif knock came the head of the .„,„.w-v." lie said. Lsiway?'insist upon his addressing us iu this r. in default of doing so, fine him a 1-1 Amble or quits—the latter for him if he «li'i Vi'i'tf languidly). irsm ii gentleman wants to see you on l|f,»tKvilnv business," lie says, t i?]Kirtiuu r Editor stopped fanning for the kt.'nml (basely, but whiit can you expect ill Vuf nuivality from people who are always tp n-itli horseflesh P) seized the opportunity ,;lV„itili- nf—champagne. [Note to Fore- "in^rt hire name of firm that sent us that ffi- are not running this paper for the I ra of siring our machinists buying terraces |jararti.-il> and writers driving four-in-hand lil over tlie country.] |;:Wfioi.l at the Boy. n't wo tell you," we remarked iu hollow bt.illmt shuddering linp. " that we were l:ih.-nn-—m*f visible—to anybody but the leeud the I'iiity with the—you know r 1 " |»'ivhiil 'r" says he. • liml reared that youngster and, soto Lkittl''.fi"l him since he was an inch high lsiurncil ira us like that! ; Brawly-and-Soda, you limb ot Beelze- | Fecrie'l. wrrution seemed to daunt him for a w iu-c not, as a rule, unless the (it business require it, iu the habit of isj our office boys in an objurgatory •Uwat ii brave bold boy (his father was a /jili'Ctoi 1 ) and, seeing that we hesitated for at. I'niisiilering what article of furniture pjid llirow at him, advanced and laid in K us ii curd with the following inscrip- »him \i]i." we remarked, at once. ISdollmt himself, if you give him time," |shh(! Swirling Editor. • • * » * dinir," we said, affably, to our disvisitor. " Aw," he replied, " thank , iniuij you, beg pardon, but don't you hhink it's deuced civilised of you to say r" we enquired, with some hauteur. ' In- replied, with a smile, and iu a f exceeding the affability wo had shown, sltlioujht you might have asked me to •idimimiid anil emerald sofa or a gin- case." I^i ivliv uii her we asked, iu accents of |i irony—:<t the same time imperceptibly pa naming foot in the direction of our ! Editor, who seemed eager to brain the »»Wi ;i. iiampague bottle. said ii,e Distinguished Novelist; "I £ t r»n what Christie Murray, Froude and I s 'il uiirlil-rary friends IUI3-U*, have said of you, IR (nr j] part "f am out h(Tre making I^Slav say. nil r think lam not breaking in siv so, on behalf of people who I'Mi iiiuh. 'r opinion of your country, and IftKimm..,'ill, ,1 to You as 'being the Person l*a».st on, ,ly put me in the way of making "Shs-urd isn't that so "" l.*wd," sneered the'Sporting Editor, Winsly helping himself to another bottle, /.tot tn'imus Distinguished Novelist . "as fluttering us with his knowledge SNw idi-.ins, and added complacently, ' cfli.ninl oath." that lie was a man of not and with tolerably plausible |*»!'<W period," we said cheerily to him, I'taat Hi,, ,,]im! jt jia)j become very ? this ii ,,f the Siiortiuo- Editor wa "t l ""Hake" make him 111 look uncomfortable; uiienlllfovtablp- "now o i W ^ the T t L for finding out for yourself what its Chief Interest "The Cup! Whoop!" yelltd the Sporting Editor, falling over the remainder of the bottles. •' The Cup—yes ;" we observed, in a, more restrained fashion, intending to make up for our want of hilarity afterwards, when the Sporting Editor came round for liis salary. Now, what you have to do, sonny," wo said to the distinguished novelist, taking him gently but firmly by his thick-lobed left ear, " is to interview the jnost prominent people, in the city ou this question, and find out what they think about it. Do it suddenly, you know, or all the virtue of the Experiment is lost.'' Leave that to me," he replied, confidently. What follows is a report (paid for, we regret to say, though he will probably say otherwise when he arrives at home) of his adventures as sent to us. " Acting upon your advice, 1 first sent my card in to a member of your Assembly—a gentleman whom I have seen regally banquetted at home as a representative Australian statesman, but who does not seem to be regarded exactly in that lighb'by his fellows, as ["saw only his hat on his seat while I was in tlie House—and after a more or less fierce discussion (the details of which would be now ignoble for me to relate) was admitted, and was informed that a Bill was being discussed the passing, or not passing, of which would destroy the country, annihilate Commerce, paralyse Industry, and play the devil with the Community generally." 1 Your greatest orator (I am told) was on his legs, and was denouncing in withering accents the Bill or otherwise—I forget which, and as you are oniy onlv noor benighted p00r Colonials it doesn't matterwhen I quickly handed over to the member nearest me my card with the following inscription ;u pencil :— Don't fail to back Paris This is direct from the stables ! , , ,, , , , : 77. " You know y° u me a,wa J' s tip. 1\. didn't grasp what you meant then. I do " The 1,1 card was passed to the next member and the next member and the next member, and just as the Orator was in the highest heat of his peroration he caught a sight of it, and came -to a dead stop. Mr. Speaker." he remarked, ' this is unof the card. seemly. This is a base device on the part ot the Opposition to—' " But by this time Mr. Speaker liad also got hold ' The Orator was talking to an empty chair and an empty house. '"Among the faithless, faithful onl.yhe.' , „ , , "They were all in the refreshment-room, how- " The whole Parliament—Ministry, Opposition and Independents, or whatever you call them— were gathered around one table. A momentous thing was on tlie tapis and I approached . "The Premier sat at one side ot the table, the s leader of the Opposition at the other. " Gentlemen,' uenriemen, said saia tlie uie former, wraior, in IU such eui;ii affecting iLiim.eiuy tones that I shall never forget them, ' this is bettor than the ballot box-this is the true populi. Shake, and the winner takes the proceeds of the Treasury.' As it appeared, they didn't want my tip at all —it merely acted as a spark to the smouldering flame; but you might draw me with wild tramcars before I should tell you the names of the horses drawn at this momentous i * # * • * " Early tlie next morning—early for me, that is —I called into one of your courts. A corrugatedbrowed ruffian stooct scowling in the do;k. It appears that he was charged with the crime of burglary with intent to murder n deceased police magistrate. " 'What liave you to say for yourself, prisoner r' sternly demanded the bench. " At this precise psychical moment I handed up a slip with the following inscription to the prisoner :- Back Malvolio for your shirt Direct from the stable. " ' Wliat's that ?' asked the' JBcnch. " The Police Sergeant handed up the slip. " Then they consulted together — did Magistrates on the Bench. " Bring the prisoner forward,' they said. *' He was brought—I accompanied him " ' He IT,. knows L-n/iwc a u bit. about it,' it,.' said one oni J.P. to a,!0ther .< . jj0 doubt about that,' was the general reply. Is it straight,' thjy enquired in a body. " The prisoner was good enough to indicate me as his informant. " • Quito straight,' 1 remarked, firmly. "' Prisoner,' said the presiding P.M. in a solemn voice,' you _ are dismissed without a staiu upon y0ur character, but if it had not been for infor- Inay011—valuable information, 1 may call it— received through you, you would probably have got five years with irons.' # * * * >> n iBn't far fr0m a court to a church—in any way ;n which you may choose to look at it—and I ,-asually railed into a. church. v A • marriage - was being performed. " ' Are you M. or N. r' said the minister. " 'Wait a moment, your reverence, if you please,' 1 remarked softly, but emphatically, at the same time passing up the aisle and handing to the bridegroom a piece ot paper inscribed as follows :- Whimbrel is a moral. And the bride another inscribed as under:— | Correze is an absolute certainty. i " 'Show me yours,' said the bride, impetuously. The bridegroom showed his slip. I'll back mine against yours,'whispered the bride, fiercely, "'He doesn't stand a ghost ot a show to win,' Baj,j the bridegroom, who was an apparent enthusiast about horse racing " 'Doesn't he?' murmured the bride,maliciously. " ' No, he doesn't, I tell you,' exclaimed the bridegroom, in an excited undertone. " 'What'U you bet ? Will you bet yours against mine, loser win—winner rules the house ?" "The bridegroom nodded—after looking around the church and trying vainly to hedge. "Being in tlie wayof visiting churches I thought would drop in upon a certain eminent dignitary, smiled and shook his head, and said that it was a wicked world, but as the world was what it was, so— "I gave him Highborn " 1 also gave a certain distinguished atheist tlie same horse. If he wins there will, I should fancy be Ml- some nuuiu fun lull seeing BCTjuig •ent tlie uuu reverend reviirauu and auu irreverent ill cien-'iiu gentlemen meeting and shaking hands with the Same commission agent. 1 could only appi o u;h a still higher Dignitary he Church by letter. He replied as follows:— .. .]3eai. Mr j/(, gsmpythe Jones.- .. Too lslU.t luy )>oy_ ,Jot a bet.ter tip than yours. S])eak to tll'e ],„V,.r elergy—but don't say j told yon (j|00(jness knows, their stipends are small enough as it is. and if it weren't, for Church Bazaars—but there, you know I am an enemy of gambling root. stock and branch, and would like to see it eradicated from this fair and sunny country.— Yours, Cruaoikukkooalokg.' " 1 was quietly passing along your streets pondering tlie curiousness of these tilings, when a gentlemanly-looking (for a mere colonial, as he turned out to be) person tapped me on the shoulder and said, ' Pardon me, but von are Mr. ]),. Ssmpythe Jones, the Distinguished Novelist, are you not i " 1 admitted, without blushing, that 1 was. "' Well,' he said, as I hear that you are interested in these matters, 1 think 1 can introduce you to a person who has an even greater interest in them tluvu you/ " ' Yes, indeed said I, interrogatively. "' Yes, lie's the Secretary of the Anti-Gambling Society. 7/<<! Winner still in thr Dnik. " 1 said I didn't want to be introduced, but 1 knew that that man was my meat. '"You, as 1 understand, abhor these things entirely—is it not so ? Now, candidly " ' Are we in a quiet place '-' he remarked, in a husky whisper. " 1 Then the fact is.' he said, ' I do abhor 'em— from my soul 1 abhor 'em, but if there was such a tiling as a tip for the Cup knocking around ' " 1 gave hi'ii (VNaroo. " I gave Hogle-eved Dick, of Brogan's-lane, (ji'Naroo. " 1 gave Judge (I shall not mention the name of the Judge, because I may come before him again one of' these days) Ci'Karoo. " Same, you will perceive. And it will be an exceedingly edifying ileuimmwnl if this most highly-respected and venerable Judge and this most, notorious scoundrel are not compelled to go whacks. But it would be a beautiful consummation if they were." # * i' "Confound you, sir." we said, when we had read through the foregoing notes, "do you mean to pretend that we are merely a nation of gamblers—that we—that we— " " I didn't say so, my dear sir," replied Ssmythe Jones, in his blandest style; "but if you /mil been " " What, then "Oil. nothing: but here •" and he dropped from bis sleeve like the Heathen Chinee a card as under— " PUNCH." SSMPYTHE JONES. Now, all these things are vanity, of course, buj yet we would give a cood deal to know which o the horses our distinguished visitor (since ejected from the Waxworks^ we have heard) tipped will do it. But our readers will observe that in any case there is a pretty game of complications to be worked out. WHEN Carbine was in good fettle he was regarded as the sou of Musket. Now that he has gone wrong those who backed liiin to win the next Melbourne Cup talk of him as a sou of a gun. THE reporters of the meeting—or should we say the speakers at it toprotestagainst the imprisonment of the members of the Salvation Army at Ballarat have coined a new word. They say that there should be no objection to the Army " processing." As the word procession is only the natural evolution to the verb proceed, one would think that prnca'dhg would be good enough for an ordinary individual. But then spasmodic Wesley an clergymen are not expected to uuderg)..i]i(j ].]n,r]jb]] A nkw method' of procuring a wardrobe has bee" put in practice by a girl „Hrl at Chambley (France (Prance). Tiring of the humble occupation ot tendin poultry in which she was engaged, her yearnings effectual protest against their abstraction, authorities decided to give her every facility for satisfying her cravings after a change of raiment, only they limited her to a grey serge dress, and instead of giving her a new bonnet, they gave her a cap with a number on it. Eve was the only woman in the — history ~ . of the world . , who „„ , showed ,,,„. an utter contempt in the matter of dress, but hei ^ Z l i f i S ^ thaT'^spe^ 