^I(C^Icittttgtolt^tlltC8 I'tililiiltnl AViti/ runnliig, Tlmmlnij anil ? 'Snhinlay. ? ' I in lutho place whore I nm ilciiiiiinlal or conscience to upenk thelrulli; ami there foro the truth I spenk, Impugn It whu»i list.' ? _____ rtmsBAY, jii:cj:.mju:h s, isoi. In nuolhci' part of thl» issue will be found 11 report of 11 nicellng of Hie Local ilo.inl ol lludth held ion Mnlunliiydnst. A petition was received from 11 memlier of residents in the Emu Hay Hmltli illi.'.rlut, pruylug itiat the bye luws of the bonnl regiiliiting the keeping nl swine nnd the Issue of Kiniujlitu house licenses be remodelled. We ilcslre to refer to Ihesu ninltiMv. The bye laws of the local llnanl of Health, rdiilin- to ^muting lieeuse- for slnughter houses (which enine iulo foreu nfter the licenses for 1MH were grnnted) ui-ens follow :- ' Tlmt t he nilc for the I111il.li.1g lo he used n« 11 slaughli-r-hiiiise l.;i- been pmveil us 11 111 locality fora slnnglitei-huiM hy the llonnl of Health ; that il isnt lui-l 100 feet from liny dwelling house : thnl there Is u propel npiiroach to it; that ils floor is pmpcrh pavul with uspliulte or mlicr Inipervlour lnulerlnl luid lo full towunls 11 diunnel miiuliiB to 11 imipci-ly tn|i]ied Riilly outride thelmililing; that the surfucc of the wnlU In the Interior urc lined for n height, of sl.t feet with n liunl smootli impervious material ; that it Is open to Hie roof, which must he nt least IT, feet high to its ridge; that it is provided with proper vcutilnlnrs in the wall 011 two sides nt least, nnd nnotlicr rising from the highest part of the roof ; that it is properly ilralneil ; that it !► properly supplied with water at a sufficient pressure ; if n cistern be used, that It Is out. side Ibc building; that there is no li.ivv, cesspool, offensive illleli or drain, or other circumstance likely to cause .1 nuisnlli'e, in proximity to the luiililiiig ; Hint there .-ire proper moveable receptacles, with nil-light covers for blood oir.il. dune, clr. ; that there arc proper appliances for safely and cxpedl tiously slaughtering niiimnls, ami wltliout cruelty; that the shop Tor the sale of Hit meat is properly litteil mill ventilated. ?? The occupier of ovcrysluughterhoiManil butcher's shop shall keep it in good repair mid in elenn und efficient condition in every respect. Every Intern. il surface nliove the lloor shnll be thoroughly ilme-washod nl intervnls not exceeding throe months. Kverv pail of the lloor or walls slaincd with hlnoll or other matter sliall he tluinnighlv «-isli,il imd cleaned within three hours ufler even slaughtering or dressing. 'The ocuupicr of every slaujihter-house shnll cjiiisc nil blood, otr.ii, gnrlxigc, ilnng, filth, nud other refuse to be Immediately plural In proper g.ilv.uii-c.1 iron or oilier receptacles wilh air-tight covers, and ileoilorised and conveyed nwny, nnil properly disposeil or, wiili'in twenty.four liours of eneb sliniKhterinjr ; nnd he shnll cause the l-eccptarles to be properly cleansed liefore they nre ngnfn useil or brought into the dnughtcr-bouse.'^ In our issue of 0 line 27 last, we expressed the opinion that the aliovc bye-laws were too stringent nud unnceessnry, nud unworkable in the district in which they operate, nuil suggested Hint Ihcy should be iillcred to meet the circuiuslnnees of Hie town and district. In a city they would be necessary, nnd no doubt the local Iwinl adopted thcin from the bye.lnws of a city lloanl of Health. Hut in this district, or niiyi'ouutrr district, their enforcement would impose unnecessary expense upon town butchers, nnd also upon farmers ;vlio tnke out slnugblcring licenses. As the bye-laws now stands 110 license camltc granted until the provisions lmvc been carried out ; therefore, Hie necessity for some alteration Is nppnrcnt. The Wyn yard Hoard of Health were lust year in a similar position to that In In which the local llourd of Health Is pluccd. When applications were inndo for slaughter ing licenses for 1891 hy butchers nuil fnr iners, the presiding magistrate-recognising the existence of the Wynyanl bye liws, which were almost identical with those quoted above— finding that the provisions had not been carried out, declined to gmut any licenses, lleprefentiitirais were then made to the Wynynnl lloanl(nf Health, nnd that Ixxly, recognising the genmni umvork nblencss of the hyo laws, drafted a new one, which was submitted lo the Altormty.llene mlrorhlsapprov.il and In .lune last gazet ted In lieu uf those prcviou-ly In force, as follows :— ?' That no license shall he granted for the slaughtering of entile, sheep, etc., und for the selling of 111 -.u . until the inspector sballhaveiep.irte.t lh.it tin, building Useil as a slaughter- house is . 1,-t ;i --l n-. I froiu .ill oilier buililings: that it iIikw not. direi-lly I'omujuiiii'ate uilliaiiv ,.t li.-r luiilding: tlut il is a! lj!:i.st one huiidr.il IVvt from any other huildihit; ,-)ij-l tl.e building shall hi. erected in such 11 11,111 nay ,111. 1 place u« slmll be approved of by the Im.ii.I . ,,!r| that there is no privv or cesspool, olVen-ive illiuli or drain, or o'lb.-r cireiinistumv likely to (.anse aniil«anee In pi»,\imily to the biiildln;;; that there are |.mp« iij/jjllaiiees for safely and oxpeditimisly sliiugUciili; imiuials. and n-ilhoiil cruelty ; that Ihc .-hop f.,r ll;u niIu of 1ne.1t sli.i II iie prnperlv litt.il nud' vend Inlcd. Ami no lie.Mise sh'ill he granted Mill il the premises are in such condition Hint the luspwU.r uiny nmUc tlusnlmvo report.' The nlio»c bye Ijy i, c.-cH.iiiily morj work able and suitable to l!iu ...ii.-t,rli!t. than the one previously In force. \VL- won*! .ii^ct thai the local Hoard of Health should altur the prcrnmt bye hnvs to make them apply generally, liavliif certain Indispensable chimes, nnd leaving Ihu »».t to the gooil sense of the inumbera nl the Iwanl.. {tbu ;vn struction of slaughter lioiHea to hi regulated .incordlng to the nature of tlm locality and .suinmndings In which they are to bv vivylcl, Thu niloptimi of 11 byo hnv siinllar to thnl now In foicu nl Wynynnl should bumilllnluul, nud 110 time should be lost by thu loeul lionnl In nltorlng tho present byo lawn. With ru ferenee lo Hie petition received ut ftntunlny's meeting to tho effect tlmt till) present bye law prohibiting thu keeping of swine within a lmir mile tiuliim of tho lliirnh l'ost-Omeo, bo resolmleil, \vu''llilnk tin louul lloanl of Health will lie ncliiif unwisely If they grant the request of the petitioners. The keeping of swine bIiohIiI not bo permitted under any clreiiinstjinces In the thickly populated portion of a town if due regard it had to tho licnlthof the community. In tho present, enso tho lmlf- nilla nullus from the l'ost nilleu Is n rcnmnmblu limit— we would even ndvocnto II being further ex tended. Wu trust Hint when the, ra|uc»t of tho petitioners Is brought on Tor eniisldeni tlou no ullomllon will be inmle In the pre sent limit fur Ihu reasons nlrcady given. N'unicmJ* nulhoritlcs could bu ipioliil to show Hint the keeping of pigs In close proxi mity to residences, under ordinary ulivnm atnncca Is highly Injurious lo henllh ; nnd as Ihu precautions nccessiiry lo be lukcn lo mluluilse the risk would be too expensive for the avemgo pl)?-kcupur, it is better to prohibit them being kepb altogether, cxeupt In locnllllcs where residences are 'few nnd far between.' Tun (liiHAT NoimiKii.v Haimv.iv.— In a recent issue we published 11 panigin|ili from our lllverstone eiuitcinuomry stntiuu tlmt thu sum of .Clll.llOU li.nl been paid by the Wumtnli-Zcchnu railway syndicate to the WD.I., company, us 11 ileposft Tor the pur clm-i; ol' the liiirnlc-Wnmtuh i-.illw.iy. At thu time we considered the slalemeiil In correel, but wu huvu since learnt Hint il was not mi, us thu sum in' £10,11110 has been paid. We ara further informed thai on tho iL'tli lust.- .CoWO will be deposited with, the liovei'iuneut on beludf lof the svnilleale in acconlauca with the eouditluiis of tin U'aniliih-Zeeliiin llullwnv Act. This should be convincing »f thu determination of the syndicate to carry out Hie wurfc. Three parties of mirvuynra nru now engaged on the route from Wnmtali lo Zeeli.in nud the work is being curried ou with nil despatch. .Messrs. Miller and Held will proceed lo London in Jiinuury lo float Hie Great Northern Hallway L'oiupauy (llurnle to Zccliiiu) uiul no difficulty wh'itever U expected to Iw ex perienced 111 doing mi. IJi-UKN's (UiAMM.Milt Koiioiii..— A large uiimber of invllatlons have been Issued by .Mr. und 51 is. Itoyco to celebrate Hie fourth nunual distribution id prizes to I nice place nl the ljuccu'* (inn ? ar .School, lluniic.on Tuesday, December Ifl, ut K p.m. A llAUilAlN.— At the llurnle round yestenlay morning 11 dark bay draught mure, white blaze down face, Impounded bv the police on November 211, was submitted for -alu. .Mr. Darker, New Country road, was the piirrimscr nt .M/i;./., and secured n IhiviIii, as judges of horses valued the mare lioimci'i.Tuii.u. SoctiiTY. — A mecllng of the committee of Ihu K11111 Hay Horticul tural .Society was held III Hie Heading ltoom, Town Mull, on Saturday for the purpose of passhi'.- accounts for pnvmeiit nud dealing with other matters in connection with the recent show. There were present— Messrs. Kilburn (chairman), Kenner, llnrris, Kuyce and Collins (secretary). Accounts uinouut ing to JC17/1U were \iasscd for payment, ami Ihc sum of C 1 r,/l 7/H for prir.e money. The treasurer Mibmittcil a statement showing the total TO-oipts (IticliulliiK X21I/0/I! collectiilby the secretary us subscriptions and ilonntions) lobe K lll/S/7, und the expenditure £»H/7/li. leaving a credit balance of i:\il\sj\, which must be exiromcly gratlfyiiii.' Ui all con eerucil In Hie first show of the societv. It wns decided to place thu sum of. C12 at Iked deposit for six months with the Hank of Australasia. The secretary brought under the notice of the meeting the fact that several exhibits of fruit, llowws, etc., nud some lioxc* nnd plates hail Ijccu stolen on the night of the show. As there was no elite to the thieves 110 action was taken in the matter, hut it was decided that exhibits should nl future shows lie protected by wire netting, and that greater earn should be exercised by stewuiils lo protect the pro perty of exhibitors. [.Some mean individual also stole a few tcas|-oons from the refresh incut tables.] It was decided to write to the ladles nud gentlemen who acted us judges, thanking them for their services ; also lo .Mr. Marriott who'iustal an door keeper gmtult ouslv, and votes of thanks were passed lo Dr. Arniitage nnd Mr. Weir, Tor tlie refund of the prizes won by them, 111/ mnl 2/B respect ively. The sum of lo/. was vote.! to Mrs. (ireenhow, caretaker of the hall.forHieexIni work performed by her. Votes of tliuuks were also ncconlcd 10 Mr. Collins f- eeretarv), and Mr. ltoycc (treasurer), for tliu successful manner in which they carried out their dutlei in connection with the show, und the meeting terminated. KNTBltTAIX.MK.VT AT SOSIKUKKT. — The members of the Wynyanl Hand of Hope will give nn entertainment In the Drill Hull, .Somerset, on Kridny next, In aid of the Cam Hoail Slate School I'lizo K11111I. The pro gnimine will comprlsedinlngues, reeltntlons. readings, vocal and iiistriniieiit.il selections, etc., and should lie very enjoyable. Further particulars will be found in the lulvertlie ment. Ugcal'i.ti.vii JUtki'Aykiik. — At Hie Police Court yestunlay jeveml ratepayers were proceeded against for neglecting to pay their rates and in each case a venllct was given against Hie defaulters. I'lioi.mc I'citatoks.— A report of an cxtmonlliuirlly good yield of polutocs Is to hand. .Mr..l.Tong,of llurnle, had a small crop In for his own use and in digging the other ilny one root was unearthed wilh no less than :,i tuliers, Hi of which were of go.nl »iiw ni|d lit for use ! Tho weight of the potatoes wa. iut.tiik.Kii. A SircCKSSl'tn, IIAI.I,.— 'Iho 1 hall given by Captain A. K.alid Mrs. Chapman, In tile Town Hall on Krlday night, was one of the most enjoyable und' successful events of Its kind j-ef hcM in this town. Upwards or till pe» ? *iw preset)!, iiieli|dlng numci-oiis eoutliigeuts from Wyu-ut-l, UlveMmii! and I't'iisu'in. Thu lin'll wns very l.i»(cfully decorated, mid when the numerous guests were kc-ping time to the pleasing strains of music, the rceliu wns a very brilliant and pic|iiiesipie one. .Most of the ladies were richly nuil charmingly nttlrcd, but the hrightiii.'s or their costume* was toned down by tliu sombre uniforms of flic mamluirs of Jlii defence force und the iivcnl'liu dlrss or civilians. A m.-/,r,r/in's;ippcr was pi-ovideil (inoiudiiJK.n v/;ry liberal supply iif luscious and dehenni. .iqiybciries, Hie geiiinl lnwt and liKstew IkIiik' vc'ty nu'cntlve til the wants of nil. Cooling drink* we're olj biluable In liny quantities, nud ns the niglit was very warm there was a large ilcmand Kir them. Captain nud Mrs Chapman also sue aedy/ In enabling iheir guests to meet a number' ol si.e/alih' nnd pleiuaut people. Taken nit.W!tlnSr'tlio l^ulf mis a coinplete s icccss and everyone 'iippcnjed tu enjoy themselves thoroughlv, and were' pnlruse- in their thanks to the host and hostess for their hospitality. It was about 4 n.111. when ' Sir lioger.luCnrerlcy' completed Hie lengthy pmi!rai)iiDc. ilnflislit having already nmile ils iijipeiiiaucv, ' ? Tba MiiKTlN'n,— Wo would roinlud out Wyuyuiil nuil othur romlorslhnt thoantilver wiry leu In connection with tlm Wynynnl United .Methodist, Kreo Chinch, taken placi In tho Town Hull tliianftoruoon. conimoueliig at I o'elook. Aflor leu, wliluh will lie con tinued until 7 p.m., a imbllo meeting nnd uulerlalument will bo hold. An Interesting programme Is promised, consisting of solos, duetts, choruses, etc. Addresses will bn given by Ihu lt«v«. W. H. llowo, It. S. Cm-sou, nuil othur gentlemen. KxouitKlim '1'llAIN. — All oxhllilllou ex cursion train will leave Ulvcrstonu to moiraw (Weiluewliiy), ut 7,110 n,m. for I.i»m eestoii, leaving on tin) return journey nt fMIti p.m. Full p.irtlculnrs. as to fares, etc, in the udvortlsuinout. A. M. I1, SnolETT,— lly ndvortlsoniDiit Ijefnro I ho lender Intending proposer* for life assurance nre reminded Hint nil nuw iiolleles elleulcd 111 the Australian Mutunl l'nivldunl Society hufuru Iho end of the current yeut will share ill tho Isinus for thu year 18111. l'ltlMITIVI! MBT1IOIII8T tlllUHOII.— 11} thu Ural mall delivery ou Ratnnlay innriilnt wu received a notification from thu lluv, .1. I'. I'lthoitsu altering some of Ihu arrange. nienls for .Sunday's services (as publlslieil in our lust Issuo). The eorrecliuiis were of eoursu too lute. Thu envelope l«ini the I'engulii posl. mark 'Deo. I' r.nil llumlo ' Dec, n,' but wo preHtiiuu the Idler wns uol posted In lime lo bo foiwnnlcd by Krhlny afternoon's conch. V.D.I,. Hank Hividbxi),— An nilvertlsc meiitliiour'fiieulnl' eolitinn notllles thai ill payments of tin) lint dividend duu hy the llurnle branch of Hie think or Van Dlumen's I.nnd me payable nt tliu llovonporl braneli. The dividend Is I/, in tho £. 'Thu Jleicury ' Is authorised to state that the dividend will release .CIUO.OOO, which Includes payment to the nnvenimunl »f .Clft.llOll on ueeoimt of the note Issue., This, sum does not, however, represent the total payment since last August 1, as there has been since Hint datu 11 further reduction 111 the Uiuk's liabilities, ciiualllug some .CI.'IO.OOO, mude up by thu payment of secured advances made by ol hot banks, drafts on London since matured, mnd contra ac count., Thu Uubllitles us nt August 1 totalled nlHiiit -tMii;ii,O00,whilu after tliu pay ineiit or the Unit dividend they will not exceed CIM ,00tl. The liabilities have thus been reduced by i:i2ll,00ll slucu tliu 8lcip|mgc — a result whicl ? 1st liu considered satis fnctoiy. The I rustecs do not mil lelpute that thuru will be nny neeesslly to cull up nny poitlon or the hlinnitiuliluni' reserve liability, if only fair consideration In tho wnyoC time Is given for the realisation uf the kink's eslalc.' 'The dividend would have liccu larger, but for a bit of smart business ou Hie part of the lloUirt Inuks, which resulted in payment uf their claims in full. [.Since the .iIkivu wiis in type instruct ions have liecn received by telegraph for the insertion jf an advertisement notifying that nn officer of thu Imuk will lie In at tendance nt .Mr. .1. Wiseman's Commercial Hotel, on Friday next, for the purpose of imylng the dividend.] Codi.in Moth AUT.—Tliorollowlng Idler lias Wen addressed to the Kditor or the ?' North Const Stnndaiil ' hy Mr. Clnude W. Itoherls, ehulrinnn of Hie Mersey Fruit iloanl. The Information contained therein will no doubt be Interesting to many or our renders :— ?' Finding Hint increased interest Is taken in spraying, I olfur a few wonls to fruit growers on the subject. The proposition (to use inensurcs ulwnys at hand) Is as follows :— Take a wax mutch l-ox wltliom the lid and fill it with London purple us full as possible without slinking down. Kllr this up in half n pint of water ; it will take some time to combine ; meanwhile till a kerosene tin to within three Inches uf the top with water, nud place in it cithern largo teaspoon full of soft soap, or a lablespoonfiil of soft soap, heaped, of Hour, tied up loosely in mus lin. After 1111 hour or two pour thu Uindon purple Into the water nnil chum it up well. Vumping kick into the vessel itself is tlie bust way. Then, ill evening, spray Hie trees thoroughly. If the air carries the spray to. mini you. mullle the mouth with a wrapper. Iti still cloudy weatror the spraying can lie done nil day, hut In .-iliishlne Hie rolluge becomes scorched. Nutlee Hint the more the spray Is made lo mill down upon tbu fruit tliu liettcr. This will also destroy the dark green grass grub: and 1 believe it would be effectual for turnip lly ; the latter I have not proved as yet. 1-..S.— llnndnglng 111111I lie done Innnedinlely by the Act.' ltEl.tiiKitis.— At the United Methodist Free Church 011 Sunday morning lust the llev. W. II. Howe preached to a fairly large audience, no'.withstcndlng the inclement weather, the sermon lieiug entitled 'The Arithmetic of llellgion.' He took his text from the Acts of the Apostles II, 47, 'And the Lord added to the Church daily such as should lie wived.' The rjT. gentleman read the previous cliuptci,iiud mild thai it referred to the spring-time of religion, when people were lieiug added to the church in the muss, contending Hint it could lie done nt the present time, ns Ihc same agency would be required and the rawer Hint wns wanted to bring one individual into thu church would bring thousands if they were brought to gether, nud of the same mind, for there was 110 limit to the power of the Holy Ghost. People hi Hie nldeti times did not conceal conviction, which spirit was wanted in the present ilny. No Individual could bo called a true Christ lau without a regard for some par tleulnr church. There was no doubt that the church was not infalllbk-.forit was composed of Iiuinon liclugs, while converts of men wore not Christians until added to the church by the Lord. Any mini or woman who accepted the teachings of (loil wns saved ucconling to the bible. A great mistake was made by many persons In thinking Hint members of churches were nearly perfect. If we believe in Christ we lielong to Hie Christian family, nud persons may hnvu their iiaines nn the member's lists, but am not really added to thu church unless by the Lord, 'lie would, in conclusion, just refer tu the ordnances of the church. There were scveml of the cih 'torn* of tho old church fulling Into disuse, such as tbu breaking of bread, nud others, sevenil |ieople not regunllng them with the necessary reverence, lie wished to imlnl mil Hint these customs should !«? udhcred to. for tlioy were first commenced by Hie Lonl himself, and. further than that, It was a step tonunls scepticism to neglect them. Hut if they closely folio, ml those principles ns laid donii by Oiirlsf, 11U would add lo thu church during tlie iiresent tjinc. li| fliu eve||ii'ig(he pulpit of tlie sniiie church was occupied Li the llev. II. S. Cumin of Wynynnl, who preached to a very large eongn-rathm. He took Ids text from Hebrews XIII, 8, '.Icsus Ohiist tho saii)o yestenlay, nud to-day and loruver,'' and trenfed thu subject ill nil able manner, bringing forwnnl sevenil strong arguments during Ids discourse, nni| doubt, less convinced ninny present of the truths of Un.IV word. Our Wanilali correspondent wrnlu under dnle December 7:— The services of Ilia Weslcynn Sunday Sehofil were' held ygstonlny \ft Ifiu Atlimiiuinn wbuti Ihret! sermqim weni pre.'ichqd by (ho llev. W. lltir rldge, Cheiilt Siiperjiiteijdiint. The sing ing w»« very pvnl niul uingrepit qns fairly large considering the 'Mlirty day.' l.si'i.tiKX/.A.— Mr. lfuniaiiilii Sykcs, of Green's Creek, died .it his resilience 011 Friday lnst from the effects of iullilenzi, new I 70 years. .Mr. Sykcs had lieen a n.*lilent In the district r»p nearly 40 years. Dr. Arinltnge hasBulllclcnllv recovered to enable him to walk down town yestenlav. Mr. \Y. It. Hell Is also pnigresslni; well. This disease Is still 'prevalent of, Il|dgoley. wl|ore we lenfu .Mrs. Ktiib'b und Mr. niul Sirs. Allen aruboili dou-ii wjth jt, wl||lq 'Mrs: Wilson nnd Mrs. Smith niul family are nblo to be ibout ugjilu, 'Oahtb.' — III nnulliur coliimii n'lll I10 found tliu prullmluary iiniionueunieiii of the performance. nf lloburtsou'seiuueilv, 'Casio,' which Is tu Ira given by tlm meinliers of the Wynynnl Amateur Diiiinatlo Club, In Ihu Town Hnll, Wynyanl, on ^alncmliir, December 2t). The perforiii.inco will bo In aid of thu funds for iuipnivlng thu nun Ueereatlon Uruiiud. Thu ineinho™ of tho Dmnmtlcj Ulub very kindly olluivil to glvo 11 iierforumucu ut Utmilu in vlil n( the Town llnll fuiiils. Il In almost iieedlnH to stnto Hint Hie oiler wax accepted wltli thanks and Tueslay, Dccumlsjr 211, fixed as the date ot the performance, The Wisathkii,— TI10 opnroHlvu »lntu of the atmiHpbeio experienced nil Friday lust wan changed in a very nccoptaulo nintinor. l.nto on Kridny iiiglit,r»ln coinniunceil to full 1 civily.whlch cniillnnul wilh but Might In lurinlsslon until midday nn Snliinlny when It cleared oil somewhat, but, thuru were occasional showers during Ihu remainder uf Ihu day nud mi Sunday, Ycslenlny, liuwuver,, thu weather wns lluu nud bright, without nuy nppuuniiicu of 1.1I11. Tliu iveeut down pour will be very wuleumu by nil, especially mrmeni, niul crops and grass will l»i much benellttcd In eomu.Hpieiii'e, Householders lira nlso rejoicing Hint their tanks nre again full. OimntCT.— Tho urlelcct iimluti llurnln v. Wynynnl loliikuplnuu at llurnlu on Sul.iir day hint Imd to bo poitiioned owing to heavy mln falling most of the day. Tliu Wynyanl team Ktnrtud hut ivh they crn'omilorcd 11 very heavy dowiiliour they eousidereil It ndvlsablu to turn back. U.A.A.A.— Wo unilerslaiid Hint the Axe menV AsMielutlon will lmvc a siibslauUnl Imlnucu uflcr paying nil liabilities. Tin: IJHt'KNUi; Fiiiici:.— Tliu iiiembern of tliu llinnlu deliiehment of thu Wellington Ulllu Company, to the number of 20, panulud last evening, shortly after, T, o'clock, for Hie piir|iosu uf luiirelilng to the rllle rnngu lo complete class firing pmcticu for thu year. Capiulii A, K. Chapman was in command, .Scrgt. Major llairerly lieiug nlso present. We iiudcrstuiid thai oil thu whole the men ncqulttul HiuiiiwIviM very well. Oiiopimkii Match.— Wo have recelvcil a letter fnnn T. Allen noting Hint '1'. Town send bus accepted Ids challenge (as published In our lust issue) but regrets that ns be Is down with intlucnzii lie will not bu iiblu tu chop mi tbu 12th lust. T. Allen will, how ever, lie happy to nieel T.T. 011 n later date, to l« decided upon. Knthiitai.vsimxt at Ui.vkrbtoxi:.— From a eorresiNiudent nl I'lverstouu we learn Hint 11 very successful onterlal ? enl took place in Hint town 011 Thursday last (slum night) in aid of the ftiudsof Ihu Farmer Club. Mr. C. K. Audrcwi-, monologue. uuturtntiiKr, wns the principal performer nud great I v delighteil Ihu huge audience by I he excel lent manner in which he |Hirlniyeil various chunielers— Iniilntioiisof public reciters, nud public singers, ute.— sustnlnlng no less than twelve distinct diameters In a manner that would hnvu done credit to Fail Mnccnlic or Frank Lincoln, the two best known and cleverest single-handed per formers in thu world. At times tlie audi ence was fairly convulsed bv Ihu clever ex hibition of mlmlclug, nud at others move I to sadness by the. milfollo milliner in which n pathetic sketch was given, llenrly and well deserve, I applause foil,, wet I Mr. Andrews1 ctrorts. who It may lie stated Is thetntvelling representative for the ' Dally Telegraph, and tho chairman, Mr. Thu-. Slum-, said he had not enjoyed himself ns much lor 20 years. Other Indies nud gentlemen also con tribute! to the entertainment, their efforts being also much nppreeiated. Diwxii: Hiiass Hand.— l!i«MenU will, nn doubt, lie pleased to learn that on Sunday next the Iluruiu llm-s Hand Intend giving a sacred concert 011 tliu West Ilcneh. A ml lection of sacred music has been obtained and in rchcrsal for some time past. Wu nre nlso Informed that tbu members of the Imnd Intend journeying to Penguin to-morrow evening to render assistance hy playing at the Horticultural Society's Annual Spring Show. Ti:xi)BH8 Foil I'itiimu WniiKK.— riie fol lowing tender bus lx.cn accepted for tliu iiiidcr- iucntluncd work :— Slute school, lid Hills, wood-shed, fencing, etc., II. . I. Knott, «71|l|«. The following lender lins been transferred :— llnuloii, Jones, nud Cnpmiiu, Wnnibdi to I'orinmi, guietteil Jnminry l.'l 1HII1, to James Henry Covuitry. HlMIXIE UlXIIKATKIX (lllllUNn.— The nniiiinl meeting was held nl Iho Town Hull lnst night for the ptir|ioso ot n-celving the report for the post year, and electing 11 com. mitlco for the ensuing year. The tank over, draft has been decreased since last year by nlsiitt a:,. Tbu following committee was clccteil:— Messrs. J. Tung, K. W. Wells, F. Knowlw Miller, A. II. Kikiir, U. llurnle, T. ,1. Crisp. W. Croft.C. J. Harris, T. Wlsemnn niul J. Wiseman, with |»-wer to ndil to their number. A meeting of the committee will be held ut the Commercial Hotel to-night ut S o'clock sharp, to draw up progrnminu for niinunl sports meeting to bo Iield on New Vcnr'n Diiy. A full atlcnd.incc Is particularly tuquciilul. ASn-akkStouv.— Mr. Oranl wrote from St. Helen's to tho I.nuueestoti 'Dally Tele gmph' uiiilur dale Siltli lnst. :— Whilst sailing In Qoorgu's Hay Iwtween li nnd 7 p.m. yosterduy wilh 11 imply of friends, which In cluded Mr. It. II. Wright, ninnngcr of Ihu C unmerclal Hank here, and Mr. -:. Hmvllng, we came across 11 large black sunke in the water near thu flgo of a sho.il,- which crops up about a quarter of .1 mile from the shore, with a deep water chiinnci Intervening. When first we saw him he nppenred to be lying motionless on our wentber how, 1ml bv lulling our Unit up we brought him within reach, when Mr. Wright struck him it smart blow wilh the olgu of an oar blade, which caused hint to coil up as wo passed, uxihifIuc his under side. T'hu spot Is barely two miles from the liar, and the wnter Is, therefore, perfectly salt. On making enquiries here 1 cannot Hud nuy recon! of a snnke tuklng lo sea water except ill a caso reported by Mr. Chapinin, formerly of this town, but now a magistrate on the Norlh-West Const. I'er Imps some of your renders can «uy If Hie occurrence Isat nil unusual. riANOi'oiiTKs, Organs, llmss and Stringed Instruments. Time payment, or discount or Cash. Wti,cn IIIlOTtlKIis AND Union At.t,, TjiuncmUin.. [Advt, M^ussi-s. Dempster's nuw advertisement came to hand yestenlay, Imd will nppenr In A bank inniuiKur writes In nu Kujjllsli paper:— 'A live pound Hank of KuiMand note, dntcil Octolior lllth, 1880, pa«su,I thmugli our hands yestcnlny, It wim nur feclly clean and crisp, and 11,11.1, |wvu ion in onu person's possession for nearly II years. l|ai| il been put out ut Interest nt .'- per cunt It would lmve earned as near us nos. slide V, 4s 2,1.' ' Among the ninny Innovations In Imllillng opemt|oi|s Is thu i|«e of steel eliluiHeys fur l|imeiner«|n|||uestn|,llnl|mc||til. One lo bu used in Pb|cagq wit) liavu al|elalit of S-Iiift,, nnd the steel n-ni.mry III thloliiuss from hrec, elglits. of nu I110I1 nt the Inllom to live thirty hiiiidreiltlisntthutop. lu thu reign --f William 111 nil child sleii ers nppreheiideil were bramlul with a red-hot II for nyue on the shoulders ; M for iiinnsluugliteron ihu right hand; and T for thief on the left one. l.lnnieus has cnlciilnlal thai If nil nuininl lllnnt produeeil oply t\vo «cud»-^iiul there In iiQ|iJ.mtroHniin- lin:Hvoas tWi-iiud their seeding next year. Rrojluecil two, nnd so on, tlieu in 20 yuirs tlcre would be l,UUUtW0 ilautl, 