€rttntb0. Zoe. Jerusalem. Billiards—last day. Summary on Tuesday. British, week's run, 5,507 oa. South, week's ran, 18,403 oz. Port v. Medindie (Adelaide). Last popular concert to-night. Block 14, week's run, 24,452 oz. Barometer at coon to-day, 29*84. Block 10, week's run, 86,330 oz. A Christmas art-union in October 1 Proprietary, week's run, 180,077 oz. The Suilivan season begins to- night. "Honest Hearts and Willing Hands.' Have yon eSea that dining-room suite 1 South Adelaide v. Adelaide (Kensington). Programme of Butchers' picnic on page 8. Where is Mr. Grainger's Brewere Monopoly Bill? A Native should next give us A dissertation 08 ghosts. Another batch of "Old Memories" QS page 6. _ Mr. Pater by any other title -would be St sarcastic. The Reedbeds is the scene of a new -lustra-- lian story. Mr. Webb is still kept in dreadful aojpensi about his son. Arbitration abont a fire—a "strong Bar"AND plenty of fees. Jndge Bundey at the A.N.A. Monday night; public admitted. Will Mr. Cohen take a knighthood when h« goes to London? Pinal performance of the Satord&y; night popular concerts. The gallery gods had heaps of fan eret Sullivan in Melbourne. Sullivan's opening night in ICeSboame Wt3 he funniest on record. If ehe doesn't mind, Turkey wDl find hereelf on the spit at last. Those Poor Sick Fond ladles sod gen Hemes are doing a lot of good. " Here is so new thing to write i&aat; vitk reference to breadstaSs." Old-time cricketers should rally ittnnd tihC Kensington Cricket Cflub. The Kensington Crisket Club may dfvelog into an Association Club. The Port people becoming dissatisfied Witk their Court arrangements. "'Bowled Out" reveals "news" to Attgfra* lians of early colonial life. The knotty case was a questional courtesy between an engine and a cart. Mr. P. A. Howells' last "Pop" of the season at the Town to-night. Portonians will have another shot at thft Barrier traffic next Thursday night. 'A tussle in the mud." What would J. L. Sullivan, actor-pugilist, say to that! Sun rose at 6.6 a.m.; sets at 6.48 p.m, Moon set at 1*13 a.m.; rose at 1L4 a.m. Wonder whether Mr. Horn has brought back that viticulturist in his waistcoat pocket. "' The height of the Premier is 6 ft. 2 in. in his stocking soles." Most men wear socks. Sermon to young men to-morrow night— sure to be a big attendance of young women. A Native has been rummaging abont the tombstones, and now tells us all about them. Dear wheat is a fine thing for our farmers, but what about the breadeaters in England 1 Will Inspector Sullivan act as proseoutor for the Crown in the case of Regina v. Canes ? That performing dog is to be "arrested." Will Peter tell off his "Sunflower" for the duty ? The best shelter for a young girl fc her mother's wings, especially if she is a little " chic." The art furniture at Mayfield'a made for on« of Adelaide's wealthy citizens is well worth seeing. It seemed impossible for anyone to make the "possible" at the Port Ranges on Wed« Is it quite orthodox, Mr. Caldwell, to interfere with Providential arrangements for rain« making? Mrs. Collison's death was very sad. She will be sorely missed by the suffering and distressed. ' " The poor ye have always with you." Aye,' aye ! Poor Sick Fund still receive money and old clothes. Did those little boys at the Police Court mean what they said when they Baid thejr were sorry. Mr. Lockley, like that busy creature the spider, still spins his enchanting yam at the Cyelorama. A lively time for the newspapers next week —Show, deputations, Bureau Congress, Labour Conference. A cyclist in France covered nearly 400 miles at the rate of 14 miles an hour. How about horses now ? Those Mission Hall meetings in a by-Iana remind one of the times when people had to hide to pray. Could not the much travelled Smythe make a good thing out of an Adelaide larrikin on A curiosity tour Mr. Pater is indifferent jibont his title. Address him with respect and he doesn't care for anything else. More protection, eh ? Is it true that some • of the doctors object to the St. John Ambulance Association ? There ought to bo an overflowing attendance at the Town Hall this evening to bear thtt " galaxy of talents." Girls, if yon would blossom into true womanhood, remember character is mostly made np of attention to details. Did Mr. Solomon visit that hemp factory t > gain supporters for bis motion for tbe abolition of capital punishment! Summer is coming—the pub'icans have fixed a uniform price for ale. Now, then, let's have a uniform quality. " Honest Tom" must have a Mascotte. He'a never been Treasurer without having a big surplus in the year's accounts. Adcock had a round with Boueaut and Bnndey lasting two hours and a quarterresult, Adcock knocked out of time. At the C.T. Union a lady acknowledged that she had been a total abstainer 53 years. Most women would have left out the period. If ;he Turks had heard those bagpipes the other evening they would have been "heawed" into an abjeot apology instanter. No, its quite a mistake. Honourable Addison has not yet apologized to "Hansard.", Intends to make a special speech about it. Mr. Pitt is to be congratulated upon his success in packing oranges. The consignees say that the fruit is better than any yet received. In describing the gait of the Civil servant^ his friend answered, "You should see hiu* when man from a shop sings out "Hey» Mr. !-' It is not until the trees in our squares have attained considerable dimensions that they ara found to be in the wrong place or were noH wanted at alL Yes, Premier Playford as head of the Marine Department is Lord High Admiral. Tha Crumbman would like to see him splice tha powder-monkey. Mr. Matthew Burnett has been welcomed att a public reception in Exeter Hall, presided over by Canon Farrar, and addressed by Sn Wilfred Lawson. Young business women whose mains ails and mastheads are so alluring, should not try ta get ahead of a wet morning by omitting ta clean their boots. Why the very idea that Mr. Caldwell was going to move for mechanical rainmaking seems to have brought rain. Either that og the W.C.T.U. Conference. The agitation for Bible-reading in schools savours a good deal of insincerity if we may judge by the very meagre attendance of adulta at week-night religious services. The Hon. James Munro, President of the Victorian Alliance, speaking at the annual meeting of the Allianoe, said that the Cabinet were unanimously in favour of womanhood suffrage. "Probably few will be prepared to dispute the statement that the nearer our legislation on the rights of property approaches to tha idea of natural rights, the more likely is it ta be just to all." The sixteenth South Australian Ministry was Mr. Boucaut's, which occupiod office front March 28, I860, to May 8, 1867, and corn-, prised the following:—Arthur Blyth, M.P., Chief Secretary; James P. Boooaut, M.P., Attorney-General; Walter Duffield, M.F., Treasurer; William Milne, M.P., Commissioner of Crown Lands; ana Thomas English* M.L C.. Commissioner o! PubJ» Worki. 293 