Miss Ueagles's Money, *r JAMES GBEENWOOD {THE AMATEUH CASUAL.) CHAPTEB XL:—Continued. His demeanour towards her was frigidly polite, bat before be bad uttered tea words in that Btrain, ehe interrupted him with a loud , laugh, at the same time dealing him a backhander on the chest that nearly took his breath away. 'Lord, now, don't begin any lovemaking rubbish,' she exclaimed. ' Let's talk sensible. We are a nice pair of images to go to church together, but if I don't mind, I don't see as you should. We shall go well enough in harness together, I'll be bound when we are broke in mutual to each other's ways. But though the money ia to be mine, vaitA you—always mine—for my- own sake it is not likely that I'll keep you any other than respectable.' With a groan poor Tobias covered his face with hiB hands, and sank into a chair. 'Don't you feel well?' asked Mrs. Bullamy, solicitously, ' try a little rum, I've got a drop in my pocket.' ' No, thank you, I feel somewhat over powered that's all. 1 will let yon know my decision, my dear madam, by letter.' Mrs: Bullamy, bridling up, looked fully three inches taller. ' four decision, eh ?' she exclaimed shrilly. ' What d'ye think I'm coming begging for ? D'ye think I'd take a , make-shift muff like you are, instead of a man, if it wasn't for the lump o' money you help me to ? Mind you, I'm not sure now that I'll take you, with the money. Very likely I'd be better off at the wash-tub, poor as I am;' and she flounced out of the house without ,, _ j another word ' I T would «" sooner sweep a street crossing,' moaned Tobias, who uncovered his eyes now that Mrs. Bullamy waB gone. ' Good Lord, what a termagant! I'd'sooner go into the workhouse !' But it is very well to talk. Toby had now absolutely no means of maintenance, and, at the end of a fortnight be was so hard up that, in sheer desperation, he began to reflect, whether it would be possible for him to endure existence with the widow? With a wife possessed of a couple of thousand pounds he would be all right for board and lodging at all events, and a decent coat to his back. And then there was the possibility—a very bare cne—but such things had been, of his being able to tame her. So he screwed up hiB courage, and went to Cowes, prepared to capitulate. But, unfortunately, Mrs. Bullamy was not in a state to listen to a tender avowal. She had been inebriated overnight, and fined five shillings by the magistrates, and was in a eavage temper in consequence. No sooner did she set eyes on Tobias, who had spruced himself up, and wore a flower in his buttonhole, than without waiting to hear what he might have to say, she began to abuse him. What did he mean, a shabby vagabond, by keeping her out of her money ? Why didn't he come up to the scratch like a man, and as the law bade him, and make her his lawful wife ? And she made such threatening demonstrations, that poor Mr. Meagles fairly bolted out e of the alley where Mrs. Bullamy lived. Hisimpecuniosityincre&Bing;, he wrote to her. Time was flying; he reminded her that unleBS some arrangement was come to before the expiration of three months, the money would be lost. Would she agree to marry him, and give him a quarter of the two thousand pounds, and let him go his way, while she went hers ? But Mrs. Bullamy's nice sense of propriety was outraged by suoha scandalous proposal. She did not write back. She paid him a visit, in company with her brother, a raw-boned Irishman, who worked on the railway!" Tobias luckily saw them coming, and begged his landlady not to open the door, on which l they kicked up a row outside, and collected.a mob, and broke several windows 1 before they took their departure. It wanted but a week of the stipulated time, and Tobias Meagles was indeed a miserable wretch. He was now utterly destitute. His coat waB threadbare, his boots worn down at heel, he had boen warned from his lodgings, he had not broken his fast that day. The only way to mend matters was to take Widow Bullamy, shrieking shrew as she was, and passively submit to the shackles that made him her bond slave. His very BOUI revolted against such an alternative. BeBtmakean end of it! Time and place were favourable to his purpose. He stood onBydepier, it was dark—the tide was in. One plunge— ? And the desperate man was on the point of making it, when an arresting hand was laid on his shoulder. It waB dimly moonlight, and his half uttered exclamation of impatience changed to a yell of horror as he recognised—the ghost of his sister Priscilla! ' No you won't, if I know it!' exclaimed anything but a ghostly voice, and the hand of flesh and love still grasped his collar, ' a nice fellow you are to jtake your own life. It isn't cold water you are plunging into remember. It is fire and brimstone!' And Bhe led him speechless and aghast off the pier. Yes,' it was his sister Priscilla, and. ehe bad not. committed suicide. That morning, when, for the last time, she went bathing, she carried with her a . suit ofman's attire |n which she calmly dressed herself and walked off. What her scheme of revenge was the reader has of course already discovered. Tobias me had at basely deprived her of a husband, and ehe designed, even ata sacrifice of two thousand pounds, to pay him oS, by providing Mm with a wife that would prove his bane and torment It was no fault of Pmcill&'s thathfer precious plot Bui I have not done with you "yet,' ^ H * wten, .he had seen him housed, and otherwise comforted. 'I drove -you to the brink of self- destruction, and I rescued you. So far we are quits. Now sit you down, and write the letter I shall dictate to Mr. William Withers, farmer, Newport.' And, abject and profoundedly penitent, Tobias wrote the letter, the out. come of which was that Priscilla and Mr. Withers were married after all, and on their wedding day, provided with means, Tobias sailed for Australia. THE END. 