[?] part ii. chapter iv. MOTHER AND DAUGHTER. . She lay on a low couch before tho fire, Elvira, Countess of Lismore. A con firmed invalid, she was always chilly. Accustomed to the tropic heat of her own lovely, sunlit land, England, with its cold rains, its easterly winds, and damp sea fogs, was only rendered endurable, even in its warmest sum mer months, by a glowing fire. She lay back amid the silken rose- hued pillows of her lounge, watching the red glow of the embers, whilst the gleam of the waxlights shone down on her pale, dark, delicate beauty — in the velvet depths of the solemn, shining eyes — on the chiselled, beautiful lips, compressed in a hard, thin line of pain. She looked like some frail waxen 3aponica — lovely and fragile, pale as a snow-wreath, and with deep lines of suffering and endurance marking the low brow and delicate mouth. Beautiful she must ever be, even in decay ; but it was a worn and weary beauty now, and the rare smile that came and went so swiftly was cold as moonshine on snow. The dainty little boudoir ,was all that heart could desire or wealth pro cure or refinetl taste suggest. Its rose hangings gave a delicious air of warmth and mellowness. Its silver swinging chandeliers, its inlaid toilette tables draped in la:e, its lofty mirrors framed in Dresden, its gemmed vases filled ' with rarest ilowers, its crystal carafes of perfumes, its wondrous beauties smiling down from the rose;tinted walls, its exquisite statuettes agleam in the silvery waxlight — all were per fect of their kind, and fitted up a chamber for a queen. Lady Lismore, wrapped in a gold- tinted neglige of softest Indian tex ture, her long shining hair unbound, lay and gazed with dark, brooding eyes into the crimson heart of the fire. Outside the rain beat and the wind blew, tho tossing trees in the park moaned wearily, and the solemn voice of tho mighty, ceaseless sea came borne to her .fitfully in the lull of the gale. The last day of September was ending in a wild night. The great house was vory still ; its inmates had gone to their rooms to j dress for dinner. The little silver- voiced ormolu clock above her head i pointed its golden hands to 8 as she glanced up. ' "She surely must have returned long ago," she thought, a little un easily. " Strange she did not come to see me at once !" J As the thought crossed her mind there came a soft tap on the panels, followed by a sweet, young voice. "It is I, mamma. May I come in?" " Come in, my darling," Lady Lis more answered. " I have been await ing you." \ The door opened, and Jier daughter the Lady Isabel, stood before, her. In her dinner dress of white silk and misty laces, a coronial of scarlet < camelias crowning tho rich abundance of blue-black hair, tho lofty grace of the regal form, the brilliant light in the violet eyes — ah ! not one of the landed beauties beaming down from the draped walls was one whit lovelier than the flower of Arragon. "My Isabel!" the mother mur mured, fondly ; " I have feared for you, my darling, 'i hey told me you had missed your way and got lost." " Foolish mamma !" — the radiant beauty bent to kiss the pale, sweet face, so like her own — " they should not have told you. I did lose my way, was attacked by a brigand, saved by a gallant cavalier, overtaken by a violont storm, sheltered in a gipsy camp, and told my future by a hand some Zitana ! Altogether an adven ture, dearest mother, was it not ?" She laughed softly, and stood up against tho white marble of the chimney-piece, the mellow glow of the waxlights streaming down on the scarlet coronal and rich floating laces — a picture to haunt an artist to his grave. " Attacked by a brigand ? My dearest Isabel !" her mother cried. " Romantic, mamma, but quite true, Perhaps he was a beggar — not a brigand ; but it comes to the same thing, since ho' seized my horse and demanded monoy. As I had no money, he demanded my watch and jewels, and would liavo had them too, without doubt, only on the instant up rode my cavalier to the rescue." " Your cavalier ? One of the gentle men in the house, of course?" "Not at all; a stranger. That is to say — I dare say you remember him — Mr. Arthur Trovolyan." "Ah!" The countess moved impatiently amid her cushions, and looked up swiftly in her daughter's face. But that beautiful face was supremely careless, the violet eyes full of laughing light. " You recollect, mamma, he visited us seven years ago in Spain. lie had forgotten me, but I remembered him at once. He took mo for shelter to the gipsy camp, and accompanied me home. As the storm was breaking again when wo reached here I invited him to . enter, but ho declined. He would have gone on, I believe, in the pouring rain, to Trevelyan Court,' but that Lord Marston and papa chanced to appear, and they really took him captive by main force." . " Ah 1" the countess said again, very thoughtfully. "And he dine3 here this evening. What is he like, this yo.ung man ? " Lady Isabel looked at her mother in surprise. ' " You asking questions, mamma, and interested in the appearance of Mr. Arthur Trevelyan (you see I know his name)? What will happen next?" " Tell ine, my dear." " What is he like ? Really I am not sure that I can. He is handsome, certainly — a stately and gallant gen tleman, with the perfect manners and finished ease of a courtier ; but what is the color of his eyes, or the hue of his hair, or tho shape of his nose,. I am not prepared to say. However, mamma," with her gay, glad smile, " as you appear interested in the sub ject I will take a mental photograph of my preserver for your benefit at dinner." The countess looked up with earnest words on her lips, but before she could .ytter them the great bell up in the windy turrets clanged for dinner. " I must leave you, mamma. Ah I if you could but come down i It is cruel to .leave you here alone." " Better here, my dearest. I should be but the skeleton at the feast, and there is only you to miss me. Go ! be happy and young and beautiful while you may. Gather life's roses while they bloom. Only come back here before you retire." "With Mr. Trevelyan's portrait? Certainly, mamma. Until then- " She kissed the pale brow lightly, then swopt from the room, her silvery drapery floating lightly about her, and with all the lofty beautiful grace of a young deer. Left alone, the countess sank back among the cushions with a heavy, weary sigh. " She is lovely as a dream. She is hopeful and young— as I was once. Ali,' Dios,' what a weary while ago it seems. Will they blight her life too ? will she love this mari— to whom they will wed her ? She j does .not' know, she speaks of him so lightly. If she only dreamed— my beautiful, proud Isabel — that, whether, she, .will br> noi, : she must marry him.' He is made of iron, her father. : What is she that - she should venture to oppose his will ? She is heart free now. Oh, pitiful heaven, let her love this man whom she must wea." ' Backward her thoughts went drift ing 19 years, to a drearily loveless bridal — loveless on her part, at least. Dennis Tyrone had been a successful man. He had won all for which ho had plotted — all. The coronet that had been the dream of his life— the title he had coveted so passionately — the woman he had loved with a fierce, savage, burning, love — the heiress, whose wealth had restored the great: ness and splendor of a fallen name- all had been his ! He had taken his seat in Parliament — -he had made his name famous as the name of a pro found statesman, a stirring orator, a leader among the leaders and law makers of mankind. His ambition had been satiated to the full. The Earl of Lismore was a synonym for all that is great and good. He had en dowed hospitals, founded asylums, plqaded for the downtrodden and the' j oppressed, reformed almshouses, and headed munificently every charitable | work ; and yet, since the fierce ! fire of his love 1 for the woman he had wed had buried itself out, and that ere the honeymoon month had ended, there was not in all the wide kingdom a more miserable man than this hidden assassin who had slain his friend. For, dead and in his grave, Terenc.e Tyronepursued him and outrivalled him ; still. With his first wedded kiss warm Ion her lip, her lost lover had arisen before Elvira Tyrone reproachful and : pale, and, with one faint moaning word — his name — she had slipped back in a dead faint in her new-made hus band's arms. Ho had .. stood between them from that hour, and now that 19 years had passed and gone, the me mory of the bright, beautiful lover of her youth was clearer to the Countess of Lismore than her living lord had ever been in tho hours when she had striven to love hiir most. He had murdered Terence Tyrone and won for himself the loveliness ho had covotcd ; but Terence Trono still claimed his lost bride by right divine of that deathless love. There had been times when, in the midst of his impassioned caresses, his endearing words, so coldly borne and never returned, ho had hurled her from him in a paroxysm of rage and despair, and rushed from her presonce. There were times when, madly as he worshipped her, he could have taken a dagger and plunged it into her very heart, that heart of ice to him, for ever gone with the bright- haired youth, so foully slain in his strong young manhood. And then, as passion unreturned must, that fiery love had died out, and given way to sullen luue. Ah, how brief the boundary ever is between loving and hating, and the warmer tiie love tho bitterer the hate. Dennis Tyrone, slowly but surely, grew to hate his wife. He hated her now above all earthly things, and bitterly made her feel it. In the hohr when his child was born he bad wished with all his soul for its mother's death, for that pale mother, looking up from her pillows with great, dark, dilated eyes, that seemed burning into his bad heart, had caught his wrist in her cold, wan lingers, and whispered weirdly — " Dennis', heaven has sent me com fort at last. She looks at me with my lost darling's eyes." And then she had fallen back, the poor, palo lips murmuring tilings pitiably small, singing fragments of the old Spanish ballads Terry had loved, and which she had never sung since his loss. And a curse, deep and mighty, had come, crushed through Lord Lisraore's set teeth. In that hour he could have strangled mother and child. For tho frail mite of baby hood, gazing up witli wide-open eyes from billows of flannel and muslin and lace, looked at him indeed with the wondrous violet eyes, whose light his red right hand had quenched two years before. But the frail babe grew and flourished, and the father loved her witli the only lasting, pure, and un selfish love of his life. And once more he loved in vain. As her mother had been ere bor birth, so the child was to him — cold as snow, passionless as marble, submitting to the caresses, never, never returning them with one word, one look, one thought of love. .It was his punishment — or part of it — and the deep, dark violet eyes haunted him ever, like some avenging ghost. All day long they gazed at him in his daughter's beautiful face ; and at night — oh, heaven — in the deep, still, solemn watches of long summer moonlight, of wild wintry storm, Terence Tyrone rose up before him, the gold-hue'd hair dripping with brine, the brilliant azure eyes stony and fixed, pale and horrible, from his deep-sea grave, until theeold drops rolled down the watcher's livid face, and his hands had clenched in agony. Men wondered why the great statesman's hair had silvered so soon. Why, at 50, he was more worn and haggard and pallid and hol low-eyed than men' of 80, and set it down to profound study and ceaseless mental labor. And of all the world — his world— only his wife knew or guessed. , For a horrible foreshadowing. of the truth had dawned upon her. Had she not heard him, in his fitful and broken sleep, toss his arms and struggle wildly, and cry out with a dreadful voice of agony that had pealed through thesience of the still night? Had she not heard that one beloved name shrieked in his frenzy ? Had she not heard broken fragments that, strung together, told the whole grisly tale? Up to that time she had striven to do her duty — striven to like him — to overcome her loathing and repugnance; .'but she never struggled again. She had faced him one morning, after some bitter, insulting words flung at her by him, with a terrible light in her eyes that he had reason to remem ber all his life long. " Dastard," she cried, in a voice that rang, "coward and traitor. Women of my race have dealt death for a tithe ofwliat you- have dared say- to me! Utter such words to me again, and by all I hold holy I will give you up to the gallows and hangman, you mur derer,!" "Elvira !" He. had recoiled from her with a gasping cry, livid as a dead man. " You Judas, who sold your master ; you Cain,' who slew your brother. I know your secret at last. Beware of ' me now. Oh, heaven, that I had fallen dead in: the hour that made me your wife." He had crouched down before her, pallid, gasping, the dew of, death upon his brow. He had striven to catch her dress ti> detain Jher in his first agony of mortal fear. She plucked it from' him, .and no word can describe the horror in his .dilated eyes— the loathing, the 'repulsion, the hatred in her face.'', " Touch me not," she said, wildly, "lest- I go mad and tell the world' all. -, Never, while we both live, shall you touch my lips with a husband's kiss, take my hand in a friend's clasp. Oh, surely, I am forgotten of heaven or I had never been your wife." And then she had broken from him, and for many weeks 'thoy had not looked in each other's faces again. And she had kept her word. There had been no open scandal, no public separation, the world saw plainly enough there was little love or union between the husband and wife ; but' in fashionable society tliiit is such a common case ! Elvira Tyrone . had kept her word, and— her terrible secret; she dwelt beneath the same roof for her daugh ter's sake ; but she and Dennis Tyrone were sundered as far as the poles. She lay here to-night in her luxurious little room while tho cease less rain lashed the windows, and the wild wind soughed among tho trees, and thought of her wrecked, lost life. There was a world of despair in tho dark melancholy oyos that gazed in tho ruddy fire, a settled night of sorrow. She loved her daughter vory dearly — that daughter who looked at her with Terence Tyrone's own blue eyes, and for her sake sho clung to life. But tho end was not far of! now. An incur able inward disease had held her victim for years — any day, any hour, any minute, she might bo summoned suddenly away. " And before I go I should like to tell her tho story of the past," tho countess thought. " Sho knows there is some hidden sorrow and mystery in my life ; she has asked me to tell her so often. I will tell her, sparing tho man who is hor fathor as much as I can— as I have all these bitter, dreary years. They .will compel her to marry this man ; well, if sho can care for him, as well Arthur Trevelyan as another ; but beforo the bridal day sho shall know how my life was blighted. Yes, this very night she shall hear my story." She drew from her bosom a locket, strung round her neck by a fine gold chain. It held a bright ring of golden hair, and a frank, fair, boyisli face, smiling and beautiful, looked up at her — the face of Terence Tyrone. " My love, my darling," she softly murmured, "so foully slain, in your bright youth, by tho hand you loved and trusted. My life, my husband, Elvira will join you soon!" And then, witli that pictured face clasped closo, she sank down among tho cushions, shutting out firelight and waxlight, and went back over tho weary past. Twenty years drifted away, the lover of her happy girlhood came back to her over the gulf, and lay at her feet as in the golden days for ever gone. And tho hours drifted on ; there was laughter and music and light and luxury below stairs, where her husband and daughter were ; but she was a glad, gay girl once more, and the wide universe held but one treasure for her — Terence Tyrone's love. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 