COSTLY INDIAN WARS. (PoRO TEE otBE-DEYOCRAT.) Since the 4th July, 1776, when this Govern meat beg?n, the Indins have cost the United States a thousand million dollars. When the old Pequot chief met the Pilgrim Fathers near Plymouth Rock, and said. " Welcome, English men," he spoke for 1,000,000 Indians. That was the estimated number of the red race then livin within what are now the bounds of the Unitid States. And so it appears that to date the act of diposesoing the ?borigines has cost l,00doL for every buck, squaw, and papoose living on thesilwhPn the wrhtir men .mer oeoe are ouo nguram. out lacy ar? re) close to the exact record. Three yearn ago Mr. Tom Donaldson, who is now m charge of the Indian eensus, made a careful com pilation. Hie showed that from 4thJuly, 1776, to 30th June, 1580, the Indians had cost the Government 929,239,'284S02dol. It is safe to say that the four years added to the record saice Sr. Donaldson's researches will bring the figures up close to one thousand millions. This enormous amount is about one.third of what the war of the rebellion cost. Ono-third of the one thousand millions hasbeen spent in pacify ing and dvilidug Indians. Two-thirds of the one thousand millions have been absorbod in fighting Indians. SenutorDoo~ittle,of Wionsnonsin, ce ventilated this Indian war business. Hewasin theSenate when it was proposed to negotiate a peace with the N?avajoes. Several other sentots de murred to the cost of the proposed treaty. Mr. Doolittle told them something about the cost of Indian wars. At the same time he gave some interesting facts about the origin of these Indian wars. What is known as the great Sioux war started in 1t52. At that time there was perfect peace on the plains. Some Mormons were driving their cattle towards Salt Lake. Near Fort ramie was a gathering of Indians. The military post was there, and the Indians were camped near it. One of the Sioux killed a cow belonging to a Mormon. The emigrant com plnd. The officer in command at the post sent out a subordinate with twenty men. This little force went to the Indian camp, and de manded the surrender of the Sioux who had killed the cow. The alternative was that the camp would be fired upon. The Indians re plied to tl demand: " We are willing to pay for this animal: we will pay you m bulffalo robes or buffalo skins." Thearmy oficerdeclined. He repeated his demand for the immediate surrender. The In. dinsrefused. The officer gave the order to lire. The men. 20, obeyed. In 20min. the soldiers were killed and scalped. That was the beginning of the Sioux war of 1852. The war lasted three or four years. It cost the United States between 15,000,000dol. and 20,000,00OdotL The Navajoe war was another which Mr. Doolittle told about. For many years after this Government acquired the territory in which the Navajoes lived there was no trouble. One day a Navajoe Indian was visiting the fort where the troops were. He got into a quarrel with a negro boy belonging to one of the officers. The supposition was that the negro insulted the Indian. The latter drew his bow and put an arrow into the negro, killing him. Then he fled to his tribe. The officersenta demand for the surrender of the Indian. The tribe refused to give him up. Without pay delay the troops were marched out, and war was begun. Three campaigns were made against the Nravajoes on this provocation. The United States troops were beaten in each of them. This Navajoe war cost the Government nearly 20,000,,00'ol. The biggest of all recent Indian wars was the one about which least was published. It begun in 1862. It had its origin in acompara tively insignificant matter. A contractor for furnishing Indian supplies sent to the Sioux agencies what was supposed to be prime mess pork. The consignment was found to consist largely of heads of hogs. The Indians went back on such rations, and took the warpath instead of the souse. Generels 5ibley and S ly conducted the campaign. They had 15,000 troops under them. In this Sioux war the" Galvanised Yankees," as they were called, made their appearance. There were several regunents of these "Gal. vanised Yankees," and they did good service gainst the Sioux. It may be explained that "Galvanised Yankees" were Confederate pri. soners who took the oath of allegiance and enlisted in these regiments to fight Indians in preference to remaining in Northeran prisons. eot being hampered by the humanitarians and philanthropists, Geneal Sibley adopted a very vigoros Indian policy. As he made prisoners he selected the worst andhung them. As many as thirty braveewere made " good Indians" by the rope in one day. There is a record of engagements with hoe. tile Indians within the military division of the Missouri from 1098 to 1882. In the rerpitula tion of this record it is stated that " more than 1,000 officers and soldiers were killed and wounded" in the Indian fighting of that period. Four hundred battles and skirmishes rem fought with Indians in the fourteen years. In answer to aresolution of inquiry from the Senate, 18M, the Secretary of War stated the total cost of the troops in the Indian country from 1867 to lSG hadbeen 23,S91,2&t4-0doL; In 189 and 1869 there was a lively Indian war in what is now the Indian Territory and Okla hom. Between 1832 and 136? there had been murdered by Indians 800 settlers in the south. west On the 2nd of March, 138S, this war to punison the Cheyennes, Arpahoes. and Corm munches began. It endedon the thof Feb I nury following. Three hundred and fifty three officers, soldiers, and citizens were killed, wounded, or captured in the 11 months' cam Spaign. The Indian los was 319 killed, 289 wounded, and 65 captured. The actual field t operations during the 11 months cost s 1,0-6,51557doL The Modoc war in the lava beds cost the army III soldiers killed or wounded. The chief incidet of this campaig w. the ssais I inanonof GeneralCanby. Seventeen citizens r were killed and wounded. The record which was sentto the Senate by the War Department says: "No Indians reported killed." So far as loses were concerned, the I Indians usually had the best of it. The Sioux war of 1776 cost, for the actual field expenses, 2,312,ildol. But the campaign was chief notable for the Custer massacre. The army lom was 203 killed and 125 wounded. The Indian loss was only 583. Had Sibley's policy toward the Sioux been continued, Sitting SBanll and other Sioux leaders would have t ornamented gallows-trees and there would be no a ghost dancing to-day. The Custer massacre ; was never atoned for. The guns which the Indians took from the soldiers are still in their posse ado The Ne? Pences war of IS77 lasted three months, and cost 931,329.52dol. The Nec Percs lived in a valle in eastern Oregn. They occupied land which,fromit extraordinary fer tility and adaptability for irri?atioo, is now worth from lOdol to 7.idoL an cre. That Sought tuo be thet explanatrion of the way t houtilities came about. Two bed white men I killd a good Indian Two had Io dians ktiled a good white man. Troope were seut to the ?ePteres' ramp, and were whipped witl a los of a lieutenant and 3c solder. Thea fol lowed.the Ne Perces wa1r. General Howard folioured the ien Persed over 1,400 mileo.and then failed to be bit, t "the death." Mil, who is now attending to the Siouxr fell on Chief Joseph and his beand in the vicidnty of the National rk. He killed sir chieh and a lot of warriors, and citlured all theotbre. The windup was on 30th of September. iHoward came up with hisadranre gaud jat dafter the victory was w bo Sthat campaign 241 officers and soldierme wrSes led ad un s ded. Twelen ciatr?n were killed. The Indian lou was 115. The Bannock war of 157 wa a amnall afair. IIt only cast t16,63,ld'. When it was eded therecord showed aloss eof 24 to the army, 0 idtizens m dered and 74 Indians killend. The Northern Cheyenne outbreak in 1879 entailed a 1cm on the army of 32 killed and wounded. No IndLsnm were reportd killed. Since 188-2 the only Indian fighting has been with ths little squads of Apaches in Arisona -and New Mexio. For everyApuche ran down sad kiled or captured the Government is aid \- to have sp?t l10,OOOdoL Here (says the ,Pull Xnelffl is a plot Ifor Gaboriau from real life. Ahbot two yea ago an outgp war com.mitt in Casda semi tar to one which hs jstt raied a storm of fury in the north. The grown-up daughter of a Congregational inse in the Eateostown. ships was waylaid when going home alonga dustuctry roea ut night, and was foullya u. seultet and murdered. When hbe body wa found neat morning in a mill-pond dcoe by, the pcsf.wortrm rwssjsd the pleas preint of tw fgr. 0o0ber thrat. Bnttfingers re nat u) noaveeIt no mark. ?arugte w?d wom ofmd: btt withot efect tithe last few months a fuitive riminal rm the States, w tinder aa ofies bsetpl ayin the put of mininfe of tha Gospe for mesa yus s.autileip the eam.n townhip, w fosnd Australin a it wo- bm that ona of is la s always tgod, a osoeqmec i a ei:demeafs lildy to being him into omt oa ls slitel charge~d berm e fund 