THE WORKS OF HENRIK IBSEN r» M&. -CHARBINaTON'S LECTUBE. Below we give Chat portion of Mr. Char rington's lecture on the works of Henrik Ibsen« in which he gave a very able and intereetiiig summary of Ibsen's poetic drama Brand. It appears better to give this part of the lecture in extenso, or nearly so, rather toan to attempt a eummary of the whole. The ohief reason for doug this is that "Brand" is -regarded by most students of Ibien ae his central and probably his most important work, and as no English transía- { turn of it bas yet been issued, it may safely be said that Mr. Charrington's eummary will 1 oaxe io »adera in this colony with all the, charm of absolute novelty. As to the drama, .itself Mr. Charrington's own words will serve for introduction. He says : All IbBsn'a grandest qualities are employed in this poem, "Brand" is the prophet of the ideal. " All or Nothing " is his creed, and tiie poem contains the history of the hero who unflinchingly follows his own con- victions. It is the Christian religion seen and tested by the light ef nature-sternest nature. With terrible trenchant words, " Brand " cuts away the nwdera humanitarian cant which has grown round the old teaching and puts the original command clearly before as. What it is more than this, you must judge Cor yourselves when the bosk is translated. Ton may easily imagine that I can here and now (rive you very little of sach a work. If I read you the argument of, say, " Paradise Lost," you would hardly thank me. Yet something of this sort I must do for " Brand." Some sort of configuration of the poem I must give yea since I am here to do it, and when I come to any lines whioh have especially appealed to me-whare I have been niesest to the giant (so to speak)-I will gsjofce from a rough unmetrical translation. Our principal adverse critic in London, Mr. J?.ubi.rt Buohanaa-author of "Dr. Capid" Mu atiier plays-desoribed the characters in " A Doll's House " as-a sensual and worldly minded husband, an idiotic wife, a inanndor ÍRg physician, a gloomy and tiraBome cashier ?rho had been cashiered, and« an unpleasant widow lady who bad been deprived by death ef an unpleasant husband, Perhaps I may, after this fashion, doäorihe the characters ia "Brand" as "a half.mod enthusiast, a wholly-mod girl of fifteen, a silly and sub -eaistltre wife, a loose-living painter, a lew worldly-minded officials, and an avaricious old Woman. The eye sees what it brings the means of'seeing, and out of these materials Ibsen has oompojed the world tragedy of "Brand." ACT L-SCENE I. Brand, a priest and teacher by nature and by profession, is discovered, when the curtain rises, struggling across a rough mountainous country. It is twilight. A thick grey mist, " without track," envelopes bin, and abysses yawn on every side. Bat . he mast go " onwards." Presently he meets a pensant and hie son, parisLionerB from whom be is departing. The peasant shouts after bim, and warns him that he je going the wrong way j it will he impossible to travel In tWitaireOtlpn with life, Brand tanUtdt tho * T : '? peasant that he had himself started to visit ] his dying daughter, who cannot leave the { world in peace without seeing him. Why is he abandoning so olear a duty ? " No,"-any sacrifice but life the peasant is ready to make -but his life he will not risk further. He oven tries to do'¡vin Brand by force from almost certain suicido ; but Brand break« away, and the peasant and his son rotura the way they carne, leaving the daughter uncom forted and the duty unfulfilled. Brand, as he looks after them, mookingly soliloquizes on man's absurd clinging to life, and among other things be says : " Holp is wastod on that man, " Who only wills that which lie eau," The man who only strives to do what he is able to do is not of any interest. We must in these days attempt the impossible to roach any worthy goal. Brand is roused from this reverie by the sound of songs and laughter, and looking down through the mist, which is gradually clearing, he sees a crowd of merry-makers in the valley below bidding farewell to a young oouple who bound together with garlands, oome dancing and singing up the slope towards him. And as they reach the brow of the hill eu which he is standing the mist which baa wreathed away before their footsteps, finally clears and gives place to a brilliant Bummer morning. The oouple turu out to be Einar a painter, and Agnes his promised wife. They continue daneing and einging till Brand shouts to thsm "Stop! you are on the verge of an abyss." Then fol- lows a conversation in whioh Einar exp'ain« to Brand that they have been enjoying what we should call a " send-off " and rhapsodizes on the frae artist's life he and Agnes intend to lead together. Brand's harsh admonitions reeall the past to Einar, and be recognises in the priest his former sohool-fallow. How- ever, Brand sternly rep?ls his cordial ad- vances: There can be no communion be- tween them ho says in effect-and whon Einar, after a few more words, asks him, Whither he is going? he replie«.:-"My goal is certain. I am travelling towards a grave." "Whose gi ave?*' ask Einar and Agnes together. "Don't aak mo," says Brand. And when they press to know, he replies, " The grave of your God and of other earth spirits like yon; a highly neoessary f ungaral ; he has bess tottering that way for the last th&usaud; years." " Brand, you are ill," shouts Einar. " God forbid !" exclaims Brand ; ** I feel a« fresh and healthy as the fir on the mountain-the bußh of the forest. It is only the weakliugs of this cowardly time that wince at strong words." " Von only want to laugh a little Love a little, play a little Feel a little, believe-somewhat!" " Look around you," he continuos. " Every- one in these days, great and small, under- stands the art of going just far enough, and sot too far, ia everything." "A little earnestness in sacred thmes; A little loyalty to the faith of you fathers ; A little jovialty in the camp, Because your fathers did that too. A little enthusiasm in little eofcerioa Fame circles round a little name." And later "'In everything, littleness, neither good quail ties nor bad, go far. You meet with frag- ments only in groat things and small-m good and in evil. And the worst of this mixturo this half-good, half-bad-is, that at last it ends by choking all sense of right." Even Carlyle has nothing so scathing as this denunciation of the -" balfness " of the nineteenth century, from which, of course, I have only been able to extract fragments. It augers Einar a little, and he tell* Brand that he is straying from the subjeot he (Brand) started-namely, his God, -whom he is going to bury. On which Brand flisbes out : " Yon are an artist j paint your God as he appears to yon. Yoe have impressed his form on the world clearly enough." And then in a bitter diatribe against what we may eall the visualised God the Father of the Christian artist, he says, " Tour God is an old, old man; good-natured certainly, bat strong enough to hunt the children into bed. If he is to continue effective, give him spectacles and slippers . . . And don't forget his crutches." " My God is not so weakly made," he says later. " He is young and strong." And whoa Einar asks, " Are you going to make us a new God then?" Brand replies in the oharaoteristio verses : " I do not strive after mere novelty. I only build on the eternal, churches, articles and teachings. I cannot truthfully profess to honor ; They wore bom out of time-time will devour them. Only the free spirit of man is eternal." After Brand has left them, Agnes stands looking straight in front of her, ead is not to be roused, though Binar paints again in glowing colours the joys of the life they are to lead. " Did you notice F" ehe murmur?. " Notice what P" asks Einar. "How he Beemed to grow as he talked." Agnes and Solveig the heroine of "Pear Gynt"-are perhaps the most beautiful of all of Ibsen's womeh,the creations which more than any other entitle him to be called the poet of womanhood. Ia his later prose works the portraits may be moro subtle, the studies more elaborate, but these two aro ideal typos of pnrest woman- hood, that must seize every heart and make it ache with their sorrows. Agnes comes dancing into the piotare, as wo have seen, bringing light with her, as she oontinttesto do till the end. She is at once mognetiz-jd by Brand's enormous will-power and enthusi- asm, and the rest of her sweet existence is offered up on the altar of his terrible ideal. You watch the flower and the had-the child ehe has borne to her wither in the stern uu< g «Ulai atmosphère of Br»ud'fl life work, - ' w . * *" i Z í ». i j', ur* k ' i Scene II. The second scene of the first not is a steep rocky road, with mountain peaks rising on all sido*. Braad soliloquizes as he looks down on tho little church in the val'oy, and watches the pjople going tbero out of more custom. " They go to repeat .Our Father,'" he says, "and tho only petition which sings true and clear through tho land is the fourth " Give us this- day our daily bread." This soliloquy is eut short by Gerd, a mad girl of fifteen, who urges bim with wild fantastic sp sèches, and mocking gestures at the people below, to come to her church among "the pinnacles of ice and snow." Regardless of hu warning shouts, she springs npwurda till lost to sight amidst the porilous height«, and Brand is left alone to Bum up the events of the aot. "Folly crowned with a wreath dancing on the edgo of a preeipioe "-Eimar and Agnes. " Dull- ness- crass stupidity-gladly sheltering him- self behind old custom, and madness so demented that it takes good for evil." " Well,'enward," he ones, " war to the kaife with this Trinity till it be vanquished. I know my goal ; I see it brighten like sunlight throngb the chinks of a wall ; I feel it ! This devilish Trio once defeated, mankind will become free. When these rest iu the bosom of the gravo the world's load of misery will be loosened. Thon arise sonl and draw thy sword, the goal is worth the struggle." And with this fresh burst of morning enthusiasm the act closes. Aot It.-Scene I. The first soane of the seeond act ÍB laid on the brink of a fiord, or sea- lake-the old balf-rainous churon standing on a height hard by. Famine axd sickness are raging is the country ; food and other smalt charities aro being dispensed sparingly by the head official cr magistrate of the district to the starving crowd. The weather is wild apd stormy ; Eiinar and Agnes are spectators of the ecene. Brand enters, and gives the people as they at first take it only hard words. He tells them that if distress and fa*aiue do not rouse them to worthy action they do not deserve freedom. " A noble people, however email, eucks life and strength out of nes-eaaity." The efe rn meanwhile rises and tha fiord is lathed [ into boiling foam. The people revilo Brand for preaching to them at suoh a moment, and ara about to attack him when they are inter- rupted by the appearasce cn the crags above of a tattered figura shrieking for help. It is a woman whose husband has killed his only child rather than seo it die of starvation. She has come to implore the aid of a priest AcroBü the fiord will be the qníokéat w*y, so Brand at one i ca'ls for a boat, and in spite of the fierce remonstrances and hindrances of the crowd, he is putting off into the stormy waters. No one dare go with him, though-he muBt have a helper to work the boat. Even the man's wife proféra to go bick by the long1 road ehe carne round the mountain-?. At last Agnes says to Einar, " You go. I give yon leave." "Iwonldhive done so before you were mine," replies Einar, " Not now ; life is too dear." " That answer" separates us for ever," cries Agnes as she leaps into the boat amidst the womea's shrieks and Einar's re proaehea. The people depart saying " That is the parson for us. Tha '& the mau for us " -and the soene ends as the magistrate gathers up his râpera and exolairas : " I too am always ready to do my duty ; but not out of my own parish." Soene 2. The second soene takes plaoe outside the: hnt of the dying man, which Brand andj Agues .have, almost by a miracle,' think the i people, reached safely. A delegate from the j neighbouring village comes to persuade Brand ' to become its pastor, aid nltimately prevails. A conversation follows between Brand and Agues, in whioh his growing influence over her is worked out. It is in this scone, while speaking of his aims to her, that the lines occur that have been so often quoted of late in England : " On« thing only I demand Boom to become myself completely ; To keep oneself inviolable. Is surely a lawful desire." This dialogue is broken of by the advance of an old shrivelled woman, in whom Brand recognises bis mother. She has come in search of him. She had heard of his rookless defiance of death, and begs him to be more tender of his life- promises him a great inheritance when she dies. She longs ¡for his companion- ship and he cqailly for hers-but be demands that she should give up all her wealth to God, and ber life-long habit of avarioe and oo cumulatiou is too strong for this demand. He tells her that when she sends for him be will come, but only on condition that she is ready to g1 va up nil- and she departs weeping at his harshness. Then he goes back to Agnes heart-weary and depiessed. " How different the evening from the morn- ing," he erics, "I heard battle songs echoing, I felt full ready to wield the sword of anger To kill liea and ghosts, To ohase evil ont of the land at the sword's point." I Agues' belief in him seems to brace his spirit afresh, aid his conqnest over her soul is complete by the lime Einar comes to' claim her: She ima to choose between thom, priest and painter. " All ohoioe is gone from me, she avows, You beckon in vain, (to Einar) Though I sink beneath the load of life-" Brand, coming a step nearer, interrupts her : " Consider well, woman, he cries, Between :these rooky walls, Where the »torn« ittHenly,brew, ,,' ,. Wh'w the day 1-jnev« more tb*o flight, J \- ? * . My life will pass overshadowed by ondless terrors," " Terror be far from my sou'," replies Agnes, " Through there breaks a star." " Still," persists Brand, " I am stem in my demands ; I expect All or Nothing. If you fight by my side, Hope to evade nothing. Hope not to forego the bitter cup, Inexorable is the command, Steadfast and true till doath." " Fly ! fly ! this mad fate " beseeches Einar, " Fly from this man who mercilessly set be- fore you, An unattainable goal. With rae you will- share a peaceful life," " Good ! be it so then," replies Brand, " With you lies the choice." And he is going. " Yes, continues Einar, Choose between storm and stillness, Between peace of heart and terror. Choose between pleasure and pain, Between bright joy and sorrow, Misery and happiness. Between life and death, ChooEe ?" "Bising, and with clear emphasis, Agnes ex- claims : " For ma the night and path of Death, Io the distanoe breaks the dawn." And she casts in her let with Brand. 1 Aotlir.-Scene I. '. The third act opens after an interval of three years. Brand has settled down as the pastor of the community-and the soon-} begins in the gardon of the tiny parsonage. They have one child, délioate-passionately loved, Brand is discovered watching fpr tho message from bia mother's death-bed whio'j will tell him that at the eleventh hour she wills to render her all to God without reserve. Agnes watching his grieved face, urges bim ' \- to go without summons-after all abo is his motter-Ne i AH souls are «qua* ly -Gad's, he dare make no distinction with kith and kia. Besides, if he must persuade his mother te the sacrifice it is as though nnmade. The koiUiaall. The usual death-bed repentacck means -nothing to Brand. Mingled with his sternneas wo get in this scene glimpseB o pxqniaite tenderness to wife and child, and through thom to all humanity. The lines on wbioh they gradually approach the subject of the child's health, and each fearing, reads the: other'e-every expression of ftar taking the form of a timid question to the other-this Scene might be acted, perhaps, bat the feel- ing is se eubUo and delicate that I will not attempt to read it. Later en Brand speaks of himself as harsh tod stern, with power to show love to them only. " No," replies Agnes, " not only to ne, to all here, for all the members of our pharoh. * It a mother weeps, if a child cries, You are there. You are te misery staff and prop, At yonr heart's tioh feast, poverty finds alwey, Bread and fish." Fish, you know, is the staple food ef Norway. Brand says : *' Throngh yen and bim,-you bridged the golf From where I stand to heaven. Man cannot rightly love mankind, Till he feel love for one alone. I hod to love, I had io soften Else had my aohing heart been stone." The doctor comes from a visit to Brand's mother, and Brand eagerly greets bira, but meets with disappointment. There is no summons. Will he come unbidden ? No, and watching him depart, he says to Agnes in comment on what the Doctor has urged : No word in this' earth Has been so distorted with lies As this little word, Love / I know God's love well, And I know how it aots ; It is hard for you till you fall trembling, And wring your hands in agony. That you can not will be forgiven you, Never that yon will not. And again : This love is a clcak Thrown over the mire in whioh you oan wallow. If the path be narrow and Bteep, Out of Love they bold yon back ; If one goes wrong, and knows it for vice, " Lore " covers the error with a plaster. # * e « If the will conquers in bloody strife, Then «ornes the time for love to speak, It i aises us on the wings of a dove. It brings us the olive loaf of life. But with this people "lex and doggish The best love-would be Hate. Re seems shocked at his ofrn thought, theo says slowly : *' flato i a little word-yea to will that, To drive that into one's heart. By that only can one oonqner in this world's battle." One cannot help being reminded by Brand's attitude, of what Carlyle says of Dante, " Infinite pity yet infinite rigor of law. It is so nature is made. It ia so Dante discerned that she was made. ... A man who does not know rigor, does not know pity either. His very pity will be cowardly, egoiBtio- sentimentality or little better. I know not in the world an affection equal to Dante's. It 1B a tenderness, a trembling, longing, pi tying, loving, like the wailof jßolian hotps.eoft, toft like * ohitd'e young beere,-' \ And :then>ihatÁtern, ¡sore, isnddenedhearti m the third and fourth acta. After the scene I have tried to indicate, he goes to the bed« Bide of his obild, where Agnes watches his soul striving in agony with conflioting feel- ings, loving the people-hatred of thoir sins -tenderness which must ahow itself in ut- most rigor. The father's heart bidding him take his dear ones whsre they will be safe in health at least-the pastor's conscience which bids bim stay at his post. Messages come from the mother towards whem Death is creeping closer and oloser ; she will give up half, two-thirds - niuetentba-will he not Oh! will he not como? No. " All or nothing." The obiof magUtrate of the diatriot ap- proaches-a brea I man with band« in bis pockets-his figuro looking, saya Brand, like a parenthesis between a pair of brackets. He urges Brand to go away now that ho is likely to inherit some money from his mother, and can afford to de ao. Bruna, as you may imagine, is an exceedingly unpleasant person to have in any well-regnlated community. " Do you suit us P Do we suit you ?" eays the magistrate. Brand deolines to enter into these questions. He will etay at his post. The magistrate re- peats that he will do no goed. No one under- stands Brand, his work will not prosper, his goal will never be reached. To which Biaud replies i:. " With olcarness onee it was mode manifest, There is no greater victory than defeat." The Magistrate : A mar. fights by himself hopelessly. Brand : The best will follow me. Magistrate : The most will go my road. Exit the magistrate and as Brand watches him depart he sums him up in these words : " The trae people'«« man, as it is written, clever, well-made, cheap." The doctor enters with the news of the mother's death unrepentant, uuabsolvcd and from this point Brand's life is one ram of blows, In the midst of his shuddering sym- pathy for his mother's soul, Agnes enters hastily, and summons the doctor to the child's bedside, the doctor returning with his pitiless verdict, that to remain where they are is to sign little Alfs death warrant. Another winter in this place and he must wither-die. "Away" he cries "If you would save your. child." Brand in a frenzy of passionate affection, bids Agnes get ready-be will set aside every- thing to eave the obild-let her get ready at ones, this very day, this very hour. She bastenB inte the bouse to make preparations, and the doctor takes au old friend's privilege to twit the parson with the failure of his own teach- ings when they affect himself, and so brings opon ns perhaps the most harrasing scene m the whole play. Brand, roused from his frenzy, stands holding his head with his hands. " Waa I blind then or now ?" be ones. The doctor rejoins that he but held ate mirror up to him. Of course, Brand has a father's heart after all, such weakness bat ennobles-and departs. After a moment's pause, Brand groans : " He kit th« mark ; the wing is shot." Then Agnes eaters, the child in her arms, ready for departure, and at (be same moment a friendly parishioner, speaking over the gate, warns the pastor that he has an enemy. " Tes," says Brand, strik- ing bis heart, " Here !" The man goeB on to say that the magistrate is spreading a report that the shepherd ÍB about to desert his flock -the people are to be left without a priest ; but they, ana he who speaks, do not believe it. They have faith, and will await Brand's decision undisturbed. He passes on, and Agnes, who has heeded nothing but her child, says, **Oome! lam ready." "For what?" asks Brand, hoarsely.- Agnes : " Only come away out of thiB death-vault into life." Gerd, the mad girl, who is running along outside the edge atops to jeer and mock at Brand with mad taunt». She has seen the parson riding away. "Your tbonghts are bewildered," says Brand. Gerd : " See, I stand here." " You ! yee, but not the parson Yon are only hu shadow left. Your church stands empty without priest or honour." She aoouses him of idol worship, worship of child's hands, which are peeping out from the bnndie which Agnes oarries, and after a wild rhapsody of triumph- her church against his-she leaves him. Agnes-Brand, it is time ; let us go. Brand <staring at her) - Which way ? (pointing first to the boase then to the gate). That or this ? Agnes (shrinking back) - Brand: Your child ! Brand-Answer me this: Was I a priest first, or a father P Agnes (shrinking again)- Never ask me to answer that question Brand-But you must answer, The mother's heart fools even greater pain. Agnes-I am a wif s so I obey, But-I trust your mercy. Brand -{seizing her arm)-Take from me this cup. Agnes (shriohiÀtf away)-Can the mother in nie choose ? Brand-That is almost decision. Agnes (firmly, almost fieroely)-I ask you, what is you*- choice ? Brand-Your command rings clearer. Agues-SpsokJ Jsyonreallingoleartoyou? Clear what God demands ? Brand-Yes I Now speak you The way of lite or death. Agnes-Go the way God orders. (Then-1 there ia« long -pause.) Brand-It is otoo ; let us go. Agnes,(tonelessly)-Wfaioh way, Brand? (He is silent ; he cannot speak it.) JAgnei (pointing to the gate, whisper«) ¡There P . .'>*'. < ' ' -fr «u . £»reiidïi«rt»tlogto*bBd(«r)-No3 TH>äkl ' í^TO« XraWn-f..the eh«d innber.M.»»)-,., . 7-\J God, if I must yield this child te tbet, let it draw me up also. Teach me my hard duty. (She goes slowly into the house.) Brand, after a pause, breaks into sobs, strikes bis hands over his bead, and flings himself down on tbo threshold, crying : Jesus 1 Jesus ! Give me light ! Aot IV. When Act tj: opens it is Christmas eve ia the parsonage just at doBk. Agnes is dis- covered in deep mourning standing by the window looking out into the darkness. She is expecting 'Brand who presently retnrns oovered from head to foot with snow. Soon after bis return thay stand looking out to- gether over the little grave newly aided to the churchyard. Agnes' tears break forth as aho sees it clearly half-covered with snow; " It must be so cold" she says. Brand with tears in his eyes and sternest words upon his' lip'i shows himself still the same; rebuk- ing, all exacting, and Agnes giv>s Yent to almost the only lament in the play, which savours of rebellion. She resalís bitterly the "Sunny Days" when he warned bar that with bim she would be bowed under the burden of life. < v " Easy to lift and hard to carry" she says quoting his warning. " Ah I stand now quite without hope. All id too great for me. You, your outee, your aims, your acts All : Your will, being, growing. Even the rock* that overhang os And the fiord that hems me in Pain memory strife and woe Alt is too great for me "' Oaly the church cramps me." Brand, Startled «ays t " Our ohurch I Only that ? All else is too great And that alone confine« and orampB you." Agnes oannot give any. explanation. She only knows that it is eOj . She feels this truth-"Our church is too small." This appears to Brand as a call from Heaven. He will build a la-ger, freer church It is «he now who «hows him Jthe way, and almost like a child be implore« fafer s she must net forsake him, she bringe light from Heaven, ehe mast stay by hie side. She answers nobly to his cry, reminds bim of their happy days, and bids him draw strength from the remembrance. They shall not be- cause they have been sorely setriokpo for- swear all joy. They shall follow the difficult path rejoicing, not complaining, etroagly, not weakly. Can he find tears in her eyes now F After somo further dialogue between them, the magistrate enters and avow« himself a braten kan. Brand has not only " the best," he baa "tho most" with him. Ho lays out for Brand's approval and cooperation his schemes, cunningly laid to bring popularity and aggrandisement to the eohemer, though on the surface they are all for the people's good. Poverty is no longer to exist in the land, certainly not in the magistrate's pooket. One thing only is lacking to his schemes money. Brand loves the people-will he not join in this glorióos work ? Brand 'eaunofc, he is about to build. What? A new «burch. -But why? why a church, A people's -palace--a mad- bouse-anything useful, hut why on earth a church? Besides, tho old one has stood ao many years. "It has grown too small" cays Brand. "Ah,but did you ever see it full?" re- plies the Magistrate. Brand: There is not room in it for one pure «oui te lift himself to God. The Magistrate: Yon yourself furnish a proof how much a lunatic asylum is needed. When he finds, however, that Brand does not intend to eomt upon tbe people for money to build his ;ew church, bat is gohg te use for it tbe whole of his mother's for- tune, his objections cease. He bids Brand farewell cheerfully, and departs with the intention of strengthening hie owe position by joining forces with a man who is bound to be so influential. Then follows a beautiful soene, in whiob Agnes deplores the IORB of her child, and Brand reasons with her. Brand says: "You have memory-yonr pain, yonr rebellious flood of tears." Agnes cries, iu despair, "I have my hot heart's blood ; take it-take it-take it " Brand tells her that she must not bring her sacrifice BO, but with joyful heart. Agues (shuddering) : " Oh, it's hard to draw near to your God. And yet," she pre- sently adds, with stronger shudders, ' " now, like an opening gulf, I see before me the words whose meaning I had not guessed before." . >. What words ? " asks Brand. Agnes : " Who sees God, dies." j "Oh, shut your eyes, hide yourself; you shall not Bee bim," ones Bran3, catching her in hie arms. A few more sentences between, them, in whioh, with the certainty ef ooming death within her heart, she shows herself onoe more strong and oalm. Hoj so worn and weary with striving that he is tired, must rest. He leaves her with a blessing, and she again gives vent to hor despair. After another scene with Brand, m whioh, at his instigation, she gives the clothéé of her dead child to the child of ¿"beggar woman, j the dialogue continues;- 1 Agnes (stands a moment ia silent con "* flict with herself): "Brand, tell me would it be right if you asked from me more I " Brand : " Fürst eay if you gave willingly." Agnes:" No." m Brand : " Then it was useless, And in vain the pain of giving." AgnflB (as he reaches the door) ; '"Brand ! " Brand: « What is it 1" AgneB : " I have bed. I was weak, and dooeived you, And am sorry. Yen thought I had given all£ bed." Brandt "Well." ,. s.. ,, AgnM^Wiur *m hot fc?# * ««.; " I kept one thing ; This little oep ; he wore in the death honn With my tears and with the sweat, I have worn it in my breast. Be not angry ! Though I know." "Go whore your idols shall rule you," says Brand. Agnes (alone): All gone-destroyed-down- trodden - The lost hope-Belief-Prayer. (She stands motionless, and gradually the expression of her face changes into radiant joy, dad as Brand returns, sbe flies into his arms) : "lia free, Bcand, I am free," she cries. Brand: "How?" Agnes : " All the darkness is past and over, The mountain that was* crashing my heart > Has rolled tar, far away, And ray br«a*t swells with vic* tory* Through darkness and death Shines the dawn. The churchyard no longer makes my heart Quail* for love, tears my wound op m no longer, For my child is dead no longer ; Bnt has safely reaohed heaven." Brand : " Tea, Agues," cries Brand, " You have conquered." Agnes (still in eestaoy) : " Over death and terror. Might I, could, I in this hour de- mand him baek,I would not; Only now you have the ehoioe your all or nothing." Brand : " Your words are riddles ; The struggle is past." Agnes i "Yes, but over the door stand written Who «sees Jehovah dies." Brand shriaka lu sadden terror. No he will bear all, aU, but she must be by his side. She must bo there to help hin. She recalls to him his own solomu words : " Choose, you stand at the parting ways." " Her soul ia in his kaidB now. If he wills ker to return to the animal life, the spiritual death be has drawn her from, so be it, let bim but choose." . *. No " («aya Braid), " I have no-cboioe." The scene oleses with Brand Mt alone, presBuig hie hand on his heart, sayiug : " Heart hold firmly till the end, Victory lies in hard necessity. Only what we give np belongs to ns eter- nally." Act V.-Seen« I. Opens eighteen months later. The new ohuroh ia built and it is consecration day. Brand ÍB heard playing his soul's lament on the organ within, while from the conversation outside the ohuroh we learn how be is worshipped by the people. But, when tbe honr of consécration comes and Brand stands before his people to address them, the con- viction agaihBt whioh bia soul has striven bursts upsn bim with invincible force, and he sees clearly that this church also ia too narrow, as must be any temple made with bands. He leads bia people up the steep mountain awny from the dark valley previously throwing the church key into the flord. " "Those who workahip there may creep through the key-bole Lesru to stoop and twist/' The people follow him at first with shouts and cheers-the two principal officials of the township alose remaining behind-to follow later In tbe hopeB of recovering the lagtrards behind. Aftor a hard pilgrimage, the people, growing weary, demand ef Brand some more definite desoription of what awaits them ; of why he does well to take them from their homos along the steep and rooky path. Three things they would fain bave clearly understood:-let. How long the strife will last ? 2nd. What sacrifice is claimed ? 3rd. What sbaps the reward will take ? Brand's reply ring« definite-not much oompromise about Brand " How long the strife shall last ? Until your lives shall end. Till you hive saorifioed your all. And the sacrifice ? All your idol*. With whioh you fill God's place. The reward of victory P Unity of will. Uplifting of belief ; purity of soul ; The joy that shudders through you When yon have freely yielded ali. I The crown of thorns about your brows These shall be your rewards." The orowd revile him, crying out " Betray- ed-Undone !" Tho two officials arrive op- portunely, and the leading spirits of the mob . make terms with them, after whioh with stones and curses they drive Brand from them into the wilderness, and set- forth on their return to the valley. As they go, the g magistrate and the bishop turn to seen Brand torn and bleeding on the heights, with the girl Gerd beside him. j Magistrate : " This bloody people's judgment j Seems to me not human." j The Bishop (laying his finger on his nose) : j " The voice of the people is the veioe of flod. j Come on." And they go down towards the Valley. Soene II. The seooad and lost soene is laid in the wildest parts of the Norwegian mountain scenery. Brand stumbles into sight, and sinks upon a stone, bleeding, hurt beyond recovory. He reverts lu mind to ohildiah recollections of gloomy hours, the " big Dark" where he crouched trembling before the terrors of the unknown. It ia now, with his mind weakened by suffering, his body broken with paito; that he is to meet his lait-per- haps his most deadly temptations. The einging o! to Invisible ohoir attlkei on lils ear, and listening he hears himself contemned and pitied, bis work belittled, his aim-j derided. Voices : " Never, worm, oan you approach him. Yon are wedded to the flesh. You may follow, creep absnt Him ; Always will your soul be damned." With bitter tears, moro heart piercing per I haps than any he has shed before, be wails for Agnes, for Alf, for some light from the old bright days. A Bunny shaft of light pierces through the mist, and there swims before his eyes a woman's form-with Agnes' faoe, Agnes' form-tender arma stretched out towards him. With a cry of " Agnes," Brand is springing forward, but in terror the spirit warns him to heed the abyss. Then in gentle tones she tells him bo has been fever stricken, ill-alt was a dream i sho is alive. Alf is alive awaiting him hy his mo! her's sido. He »hall return to them la health of mind and body, and to his parisbi«uers, wbo wait for him With trusting heart«, in the peaceful valley, as in the good time before. Brand, etruok by thiB, eays, " Good ?" " Peaoe ?" Tbex the spirit tolls him that grand at his life has been, his chanoes of doing good with it bave bt»en all but wrecked through three little word?. They art-ALL OB NOTHING. Brand recoils as though from an aby«8. He sees what is before him, for what it is-tempta- tion-though in the form of his most dearly loved. He icainot understand, but he can resist to tho death. Spirit : '* You will take up the useless burden ?" Brand : " Once again." Spirit: And year Alf?" Brand : " Lose him if I must ? Yes." Spirit : " Again you will trap me with fangs of martyrdom ; Lit me bleed my heart away. Qiietly watoh, though none bri-sg aid Not even Ged himself." Braal : " If I must-yes ! A*k me no longer, for I must. Not for my own reward I suffer ; Not for self's victory I fight." The figure disappears with a crash in horrible shape, and Gerd comes running gun in hand, and asks Brand if he has seen the horror. As she looks at Brand she recogniseB in him the parson. 8ho eoes tbe blood and wounds -the marks like thorns upon his brow-and the temptation of self-scekine meets Brand I for the last time-at the last starte of bia life's journey. With reverent ecstaey Gerd I will worship, will kiss the ground his blood I has stained. Will hail him Christ but in horror. Brand waves her from him. " What am I ?" cries he-'* a worm." Gerd points-out to bim as the mists roll bock, that ho has come where she long since invited him-to her ohuroh on tbe height. He shivering in the approaching death agony, longs for the Southern sun-for Agnes' love for peace. In broken weeping accents, pitiful as a little child's the strong men wails aloud for Jesus for a touch of his hand-for a ehred of his garment, and even as ho weeps, love and joy como. Gerd seos him reviving-glowing, growing younger. "Thanks, oh thanks to the great Dispenser, The frozen path leads to the goat he oríes, And at last oomeB sunshine." He sinke in the snow, end Gerd cries that floating above is the a'jape of horror-watch- ing. She raises ber gnu-shoots, the report loosens the avalanche, and as it engolfa them, Brand calls aloud. " Tell me, God, in the hour of death, For salvation is not man's will enough ? The avalanche buries him and fills the valley and a voiee following the thunder, sounds : " He is the God of Love ! Deas Caritatis." 