CHAPTER IXTII.-CONNUBIAL AMENITIES, The Bojourn abroad of Mr. and Mre, Jab<»l Rircmon was considerably protraoted; ana it w»3 not tmtii the first week in August that a Channel steamer, not too seaworthy, was near ing Newhaven with a preoiona oargo indeed. The journey had been made by night, and the sea looked as bine aa the sky overhead, and the white cliffs quite dazzling in the morning Banlight, Laura, with a peeviah discontented look upon her face, for which perhaps we ought to have some commiseration, Binoe she had been suffering from sea siolrneBB, waa re* garding the pretty vi6w from the deok of the steamer, Jubal, a thought thinner than when we last saw him, appeared to be making no tffort at all to brighten the spirits ol his partner, but puffed away at a big cigar quite spitefully, At length a small creature in a blue shawl came on deck, and looked timidly about her. She was speedily followed, and her arm taken by a lady who appeared to be her mother. Laura, out of mere curiosity, watched the coupie seat themselves on the side of the steamer; and then they turned their faoea towards her. "Jubal," she said, giving her lord a tap, "do you see who that is?" ' No, I don't | nobody I know," " It's Luoy Beredith Bad her mother." " Oan't help it if it is," replied Jubal, con i tinuiog to puff. " At least you might take a little interest in what I say." "Other people take too muoh interest in what you nay for me to take muoh." "Ibaven'tthe ghost of a notion what you mean," returned Laura, tosBing her head. "But there are those Bereditha, I wonder how it was we didn't see them when we came on board," " I did see them at Saint Lazare," observed Jubal, with the same Ql natured tune and loukj "and I saw them get into our train and I saw them come on board." "Then why couldn't yon tell me ?" " A nice race you'd get into if I were always narrating to you everybody I saw." " What a time we are getting in, when we are quite close to and have been ever BO long to I all appearance," remarked Lanra, in answer to this. "It is a horrible steamer. You ought to have looked after it better, as other gentle men would do. But no one can expeot yon to be a gentleman." "There's only one gentleman in the world we know," retorted Jubal. " since Wiaterfold put in an appearance at PariB | and the devil knows how he found ns out." 11 I'm very glad he did," Baid Lanra. orossly pnllinp a thread out of her glove. " It would have been dull enough without nim, I sup* pose yon didn't enoourage him to come at all, did jou ? Ton didn't want it to be thought at the hotel that your friend was the son of a lord, did you, Jubal ?'* She always oalied him Jubal when she was not on particularly good terms with him, which had been rather frequently of late. "Are you going to speak to those Bere ditbs?" Jubal had aBked, when a Budden luroh of the ship sent him fcnominiously into a sitting posture on tbe seat near his wife-he bad been standing before. Laura burst into a laugh, and several other passengers who bad cme on deck were moved to ftnile also. Jnbal's hat had flown off, and rolltd with the movement of the vessel to the feet of the Bereditha. He was very angry; more angry with Laura than anyone else, for laughing at him. He was proud of her beauty, aid was really in love with her aB his nature could be; and he wished to be envied, and that tbe world should see that she waB all his own. It appeared to him that her oareleBB laughing at his misfortune would suggest to the minds of all who had seen it that the yooDg lady could not be very muoh in love with her husband, Tbe oasual observer of fitiKBD nature in quick to notioe and give their lull value to inOications of this kind. A wife -bhtv* all a who is in lova with her bnt-baid-would fcfl his heing a»=pn in a rediou ico>* t ' f-olpfMiii>-D >o » ffotse doubly baea but Lt>urt» maed rather to eojoy- Jaoil'ti discomfiture, as be nnstaadily followed his truant head Rear to the feet of the two ladies. He apologised to them aa he pioked hia hat np and placed it on hia bead; and when he turned he b&W; a young French girl, an artiole Jubal had purobaBed for hia wife with his anole David** money, in the aot of receiving a spirited account of hia misadventure from her mistress, This was too muoh for Jabal. He took in the eitimtion at a glance and did not go towards his wife, bnt remained sulkily where he was j and the ship ploughed on through the water and the white oliffe oame nearer and nearer, Jubal determined not to look after the luggage properly on landing, aa the readiest means of avenging himself on his wife for her want ot feeling; and he beoame better tem pered in prospeot of thiB, One thing he meant to look after and only one, and that was his own bag lined with oigars, on which he meant to pay no duty, He likewise resolved to get drunk, which he knew Laura objected to, not on moral, bnt on artistio grounds, Jubal was an appendage of her owo, and she always remembered thiB when be made a beast of him self, bb Bhe oalled it, though Bhe appeared to have forgotten it jaat now when Jubal felL But then, after all, it was fate that bad done that; and Jabal ohose to get drank, ITo.be continued) 