St. Paul' Anglican Church. 'IRE REV. J. SOUTflY'S VALEDIC TORY ADDRESSES. DISTRIBUTION OF PRIZES. Yesterday being the last Sunday of the con. nection between the congregation and the pester of St. Paul's Anglican Church in this town, valedictory addresses were given both morning and evening. It is probably well known to all that the pastor referred to (tle Rev. J. Southey) has had to sever his connec tion with the Church in conequence of his having undertaken missionary work in China -in which, we are sure, he will have the beet wishes of every section of the Christian com munity. In the morning there was a very large coe gregation, and Mr. Sonthey took for his tent slet Corinthians ii., 2-" For I deteennined not to know anything among you, eave J?sre Christ, and Bim n rncified." Fros there words the rev. gentleman gave an esrnestu1,d etirring address, his remarks finding ?a echn in the heart of his hearers. Iu this tot, he said, could be plainly seen what were the functions of the Cbhristian ministry. St. Paul, more than any other man, had had experience of Christian life and work, for of him it m ght truly be said, "For me to live is Christ," and when be came to the Corinthiaens he had laid down skie rule that he was determined to know nothing among them save Jesus Christ, and Him eruoified. What the Corinthians thought that they wanted at this time was philosophy, though, perhaps, there were a few among them who were really oraving for something higher. If St. Paul had ieer a great philosopher, he neight hae attracted a large following from amorg them. te, however, recognised readily enough that that they were spiritually dead iu trespassees and sins, and that philoeophy would not help them, but what eas wanted was to bring them into touch with God. so that they might secure thatg?ace and joy to which they had hlitherto been perfect strangers. After showing them how St. Panl had kept the ebjectt of the text constantly before him, and had done hie work with "' much fear and trembling." it would be well, the speaker said, with theChureh of God to-day, if they all esuld say with St. Paul, " I hive determined not to know anything among se save Jesus Christ, and Him rscified." There seemed to be so many who did not under stand the true function of the Church. They seemed to thsnk that ealvation could only be found in a sort of revolution, and that if the ministers of religion only tocok part in the strfugle they might be ahle to do some real eood Therre se .ethers who houghtthatthe function of the ministry was oely to amuse people-especially the young. Othera again thought toot they should interfere in polities and the social problems of the present day. He ,the speaker) knew that there were great social questionse-strikes, and the relation be tween capital and labour- stirring the world at the present time, bat he did not think that the ministers of religion were called upon to touch them. HeBo did not think that there was any salvation outside of Christ. He did not believe that the world was going to be made better by this contemplated revolution. If they had anso qal dio. tribution of wealth, men would just be as wicked after it as they were now. It was just as true now as it was 1900 years ago that men must be born again, and out of Chriotthere wae no salvatioe. Without Bim they were all dead in sin. They ebould seek to bring men into a more vital unity with God, to teach them Hie power unto salvation, for He bimeelf had said, "And I, if I am lifted up, will draw all men unto Me." The work of the Christian minister was just the same now as it wee lg0 years ago. and the wordes were as true now as then-that they shouald not "know anything save Jesaus Christ, and im orncifided." He knew that ttthere were some whose aid that they were tired of the old doe teme and wanted something new-something more learned. For all that there was no eaving power hot throghl God, and wherever Jesaus Christ was lifted up, though a whole town or even a whole Church might not be not be con. verted, yet there were those here and there who would thank God for the ministry. It weas their huseiqes to study the people, and to thick of those who would have to live through all eternity. He would rather be the means 'of aving one soul for Christ than of building the eot.costly chubrch that the world had everseen. Since he had boen with them he thoughte at any rate, he coulnd say that he had striven to knew nothing but "Christ and Him cercified." He had not tried to make out that the way to heaven was so plain and simple that men could go there and take theirises with them. He knew well how great the responsihilites of mninisters were, and that God would call them to account for all that they did. Outof Christ there was no salvation for any man. Bie church, or his prayers, or his social position, or his money would sot save him. for if he had not Christ, he was but dead in his trespasses and his sine There were those who could attend to their business )or wordly maters, but the safety of their own souls was treated as though it were a thing of a0 concern. He need not remind them that it was appointed unto all men once to die, and after death came the judgment. But God loved all Heis people well-so well that He had gipven His enly son to die for them, and for every one there was a free and a per feet salvation through faith in God. He ex horted them to read carefully through His word, for it was wrong for them to reject it if they had not dose so. During his (the spea ker'r) ministry, though he was conscious of errors of judgment, yet be had esdeavoured to preach the gaspel ofnChriat forgivenese through His name, and sanetifi?otion by the Heoly Spirit. After a few more words, the speaker conoluded his addlese by e-nreasiog an earnest wiseh that God's blessing might always rest upon that congregation. The annual distribution of prinse in con nection with the sunday.Sohool took place yeeterday afternoon. There was, naturally, a good attendance of scholars, and a goodly number of pareate and friends were alse pre sent, thub evincing a deer interest in the good work of the schooL About 140 booke in all were dietributed, these being of a clser aenitalle for the occasion, some of them being orpen sive worke, and the children evidently very much appreciated the efforte that had been made by the stafof teachere on their ?behalf. Aiher the lost child had reoiled ito reward, Mr. SwAN stepped forward and said that a very pleasant duty now devolved upon him. Helrriefly referred to the many pleasant daop ,thI the children of the Sunday.school had opent with Mr. Southey, both in and out of lheoakool-grounds. On their behelf, he handed to Mr. Southey a very pretty little purse con taining between £6 and £7 of money, the Rilt. princip?aElly of the scholars. He hoped that: tUe would he the means of bringing to the BeIoery4f Mr. Boutdery, when in far-on lande, mray IPleaRnnt recoll ctionae of theochool and ascolars ,oe woulda lwaysb harotheir;prayerl, and thl y allo joined in wihiieg him God-apend in hic? w work. Afterthesingingofahymn, Mr. K"ereYcr, who appeared to be greatly tonched with this mark of thoughrfnlneee o the mart of his young flock, thaeked them most heartily and crmlly for their kind gilt. Fie anourod theil, however. that it would net need nuthlnrg tio CreItid him of the old school Mary eveninae le felt almost too tiled and wenry to ct:.c into the school. yet he often fele thlt if ero" he had to go anay it would be oue of the 'erv heardest things to h.ve to lave it. If ht any time he had appeaeed to he rather elarp and aiero with throm, it was bc-cuu,: rf thie intense interest wlith be hbd in ther pi;rital .elfere, :roand bh cne lee knl:ew tlhat notrhi could be done o?i tbOil di-e:lli.e. Ifr :ralked Mr. S-,i flr thle very k;bd werds which he hal Solerct, hbut he (the opeakoe) had really not habl so very muoh work to do .n the school, ber.s.e it boil been left it much prleadid work ing order ib, iie predecrenor. AJrnady the tenoere had t r;?'n some little fruit for their labouro, aod Ie hybped the day wee not far die tant when some of the ehildren-especially the elder scholars-would really and truly become earnest aorkers in the cervi?r of Christ, He reminded them of the grave responsibilities that rested upos each and all of them, breause of their living in a land in which God had been pleased to bestow privileges not r.josed by the children of other countries. Afeser a few more earnest words and aise couosel, the speaker again thanked them most heartily. on behalf of himself and Mrse. Southey. and ses eared them that to knoow that he had the prayers of the little ones-in which he pat great faith-would almays be a source of cuom fort to him. The singing of the hymn "God be with you till we meet again," end a few words of prayer, broughlt the proceedings to a close. At night the churoh was taxed to its fullest extent, notwithstanding the fact that the gallery w~ae stilised-to accommodate the crowds of people, representing the various Proteotant denominations, who assembled to hear Mr. Southey's last sermon in Ipswich, t'he reverend gentleman took for his text Thesealooianoiii., 3, 4,5, snd6 '"Foronrezhorta. tion was not of deceit, nor of uncleanness, nor in guile; but as we were allowed of God to be pnut in truest with the gospel, evensao we speak; not as pleasing men, habut God, who trieth our hearts. For neither at any time need we flatter ing worde, as ye know, nor a sloak of covetoe. nese; God is witness." The speaker commenced his address by an allusion to the responsibility of a minister of God, which was greater than that of any other man, inasmuch as the former was trusted with the welfare of oreverlasting souls, and any false step might lead to the sternal condemnation of one or more of these. If ministers ould say that they had spoken " as they were allowed by God to be pat in trust with the gospel" then their responsibili ties were at an end. If the text were ex sained it would be found to teaoh that "God is love." It would be a caricature to say that God was hate, for He lobed the world so aell that Hie secrifiod his own son to die for men, while they were yet sinners. In thus dealing with the world, and giving up His only con, the Father had in view His own glory, as well as manifesting His love and wisdom, and power and goodness, which would be magnified through all ages unto eternity. Therewas atimecoming when God's glory would be fully revealed in the Church, but, in the meantime, we, as einera, day by day, could offer up to Him the incense of praise ned adoration. Alter a few forther re. marks, the speaker said that he felt bound to speak on a subjPct on which he knew that he would stand almost alone, for the current of the times was against him, and men would have God worshipped by a sort of eeonsuous worship. He wanted to raise his voice against this, becauso it was not according to the teaching of the gospel or the New Test.n meet, for the great canon of worship there was simply "God is a spirit, and they that worhabip Him must worship Him in spirit and in truth." There weeas a very bad ten dency in the present day to lavish money on grand buildings for charchea. They would never find the word churoh sneed in the New Testament for the bricks and mortar which formed the edifice, but rather for the gathering together of those wbho believed in the Lord Jesus Christ. These only formed thetrne Church, and the buildiog was merely the nasket which held the jewel. The clothes were not snore important than the body which they covered, neither should the building be considered of greater import. anoe than the worshippers. The church, as a building, was only an acoident of Christianity, and could well be done without. God dcd not dwell in temples made with handc, but where two or three were gathered together there was He in the midst of them. They might feed the hungry, clothe the wesek, or sund the GJapelto those thatwere perishing. with their money, but ieed not othrow it a ey on bricks and mortar that would soon crumble in the dust. Concerning God the Son, the OGpel taught that He was from all eternity. lu duo time he weas made manifeat in the flshb, then laid down hbis life ou Calvary for sinful men, inforty days ascended, and was ooweittiog on theright handof blisbeaveonlyfatheringlory. and that salvation wase to be found through Him and through Him alone. The third of the trimty was God the Holy Ghost, and the three seemed to beautifully intertwine. There appeared to be a tendency in the present day to shbut the Holy Ghost out of the churches. Yet the gospel had a ve:y urgent mesbage en the point,for it said that unless a man ", be boin of water and of the spirit, he cannot see the Kingdom of God," There was eo hope unltess he had this newnuess of life and was born of the spirit. The speaker very earnestly urged has readers, whethir young or old, rich or poor, Church people or othoawise, to seek the Holy Spirit. With rc gard to the queries that some people put as to how was a man to know that be was born again, he said that men knew that they were born physically, though they might not know the date of their birth, in the same way it was not necessary for a man to know the exact date at which he was spiritually born. A person knew, by fulfilling all the functions of life that he had been born physically ; in the same way if he felt all rhs signs of life in the spiritual world he was justified in saying that he had been born again. He exhorted them to search thebs escrip ture faithfully for themselves. Before closiog, he would like to say a few words to those who did not know God. He was going away among straugere, and it was sad to think that, though he was going to the heatheo, he was leaving those who were heathens behind him. It was not God'e fault, for Hehadgiven themtheSpirst and the Gospel. It was anot his (the speaker's) fault, his hands were pure from the blood of all men-f 'r he had declared the whole counsel of God. As far as was in hin power he had preached the Gospel that had been entrnsted to him. It was but their own fault if they hardened themalves agniust all the invitations of the Gospel When they met again it might be before the great white throne, and he would earnesatly ask them, on what aide were they that night. He felt it to be a solemn thing to say "Goodbye" to the unconverted. On the day of judgment God would'call him as a ewift witness against any such that were there that night. He would have to bear testimony that he had repeatedly warned and entreated them, He now made a very earnest appeal to themu possibly for the last time-and said that it would not profit a man if he gained the whole world nod lost his own soul. To those who had given their hearts to God, the parting would be much easier, for it would be but little while and they would meet again, when that?? [great gathering took place from whicn there would be no parting. He could only oomnmend them all to Christ and leave them in the habds of the Good Shepherd. He knew that there werenome who had but little faith, but against thie he knew how abundant owas God'a love and that he would not "quench the emoking lar: or break thie bruised reed." After a few more appropriate parting words, the pastor in thu eusoat solen manncr com. mended his flook to God, who hetrusted would ever keep them and .arry them safely house et last. The sermon throughout was dcl cwred in the most Eornet u:onner and it was evidroenr tiat there were few who did cot keenly fuol tbe' pnrtieg with th-ir esteemned pastor. 