SELECTIONS FROM "TRBTB." Juxiv 30.- The Emperor discloeedthe fact at Windsor that if the visit of the Empress Frederick had -been well received in Paris., he. would himself have gone thereior a few days jost now. Hie Ihjoh has apparently aa morbid a longing to visit Paris as Eve' had to eat the forbidden apple. It is stated t bat the Prince of Naples dis plays a "ingnije love of reviewing soldiers. This seems to be, a characteristic of all Royalties. The reason is, probably, to be found in the fact that their bringing cp seldom allows their minds to develop. -They remain children all their lives, and do not get beyond the infantine , love of dolls and. tin soldiers. What, said Napoleon, surprised himthe'rnost in the Rs"'11 Emperor 'end the Prussian King of. bis day was that those' Monarchs wonld discuss -for Konrs about nniforms, and seemed to take the keenest pleasure in inspectiog soldiers, to see if the proper number of buttons was on their coats. A wonderful story which was originated in the fertile and ingenious imagination of some 'Londpn correspondent,' has been going ronnd the Continental papers, which refer to it as a fragrant instance of British bmtality.. It is alleged that afr'the 'Gnidhail : function Lord Lithom strnck an Ambasaadresa with such violenoe that she screeched with anguish, whereupon her hnsband abased the Lord Chambalain ih very forcibfo language, with the result that he received anainple apology, and an explanation that. Lord . Ls thorn had struck her Excellency ui her eagerness to make a way throdghrhe crowd for the im perial gneste. The whole story is the very purest of fictions, for'wluch there is not even ehe Ghost of the shadow of » £0— -Hnn. As aXmUgbstiooda convey no privileges, jt .umst be a matter of absolute indifference to every, reasonable human bring how many persons are allowed to put the prefix of 'Sir ' before their names, and to transmit this prefix to their heirs. Still, it does seem somewhat absurd that a worthy silversmith and his heirs in taada saculerum are to be BaeonetB because a German Emperor paid a visit to this conntry, and drigned to hooonr with his presence . a civic gorge ax which the; silversmith presided. Equally absurd is it that the impresario of a theatre should be made a Kuiebt. not because he furnishes as with good plays and panto mines (which would be an ' excellent reason), but because, on the occasion of the gorge, he happened to be a Sheriff, andin that capacity drives about London in a highly-decorated coach, with two highly-decorated flunkeys hanging on to its footboard. 1 dan under- . stand a person -who has performed some great service in his country beinggivena prefix, if he aspires to that Bort of thing. And I can understand selling a man a prefix for good' coin of the realm. Bet it eeems to me that if anyone was entitled to be converted into a ' Sir ' on account of the City banquet to the German Emperor, it . was the artist who cooked the Viands. Why the Lord Mayor and the Sheriffs of London f What with Baronets, and with Knights, it really will soon be difficult to find: tauy one who is not a " Sir.'; However, if,jt makes any one happy to be one, Heaven forbid that I should say a vrord to deprive him'of his harmless enjoy ment. It is far better that a man should be made a '.Sir,' than (that he should: be given £5 from the pnblie treasury. , The annual show of the Royal Northern Agricultural Society took place lat: Aberdeen last week, and it was one' of the most - suc cessful ever held , by the Society, both -the numbers and the quality the vbibsfa, being most satisfactory. The Queen took several prizes in the Aberdeen-Angus classes with cattle from her farm at Abergeldie, and her Majesty's famous oow, Priuoess lrene, 'which secured the ' family grasp ' .prize for . her Rbyal owner, was cohsidri'to to be tiie big gest polled cow; that hka been seen in the showyard for : imany years past. ' When Princess Irene tpphAjMize at Dundee laat year she weighed oyer .a fim live- weight, and she has since considertibly improved in' ap pearance. . Several noted 'ceiiara wwe' disposed of last weekat Christie's, and very 'good, prices wens obtained, Perrier- Janetpf X874xeatising 250>. per dozen, while" 2f7& was . paid fer Pommefy of that year.' The lowest ' price for champagne was 125a. per dozeh.' Some lique ar brandy fetched 290s. -per doren . The cheapest lot was some Steinberg Cabinet of 1868, which realised 100s per dozrii, The annnal sales of wine from the principal vineyards in the Rhringan have recently takenplace, and 'the .demand waa wo greatly in excees of the supply that the - prices realised were very high indeed, ..and wine a which had been valued at £7,500 "fetched £16,000. The lowest rate ' at which Steinberg Cabinet was aold; was 132a. per dozen. . What a good thing aprebecdal stall inSt. PmI'i meant under the old system may be fathered ''from tiie'hct that in Pdiraiuy, 1856t eboctijr bdore the ilsath d Bishop Percy, of Carlisle, who held the prebend of Fmsbary, the Jessesof the., estate AtteQhed to that Stall fell in and 'the amount' Which ' he recved was ihore tiiao £60000, i V' A deplorable result tii the tnystenooB lairB govprtihhe Cturch of Eegland is at present to be seen in the case of the Rev John Ingle. Rector (or late Rector) bf St Olave's, Exeter. This clergyman, after many yean' faithful service, found himself fopken down' in health, applied te the BiBhqptb resign nuder tnchmbente1 Rerigna- bon Act. ' He ahticipatei that bis pension would be £1 awetk, leaving £lS5a ysar to his encceesor so long as he Jived, i Sy iaoms technicality raised - - before vthy Bishop's pommiignmi, hnwerer, ' , the pensian was hrnessod at 9dl and a mfhhte ' fraction per day—a Bum insufficient to enable the n lift ilhiM, Hvc in 'lififunry, as he is without private "» tthu point hip hetith tpoka totally aiwiprtid dmig, for this better!' and he applied to : jthe Biahop to discharge the Commission;''1 Which, 'how ever, jt appeared there was no power to do. It.is now pgggested that toe LDrdGhaneellor, aa patron, may come , to the gentleman's rescue by re-appointing him to the living. ' I leri-,Jhowevhr. -tiiat thsf 1 -is-"riq>toting a great riealtdLordHalsbary in>a"Uiatter' of BPtronage. !..ti--.jf i J. d- T-t-r. - - toevicteMnjghChierean inaNoifrflk fuqier; and I' shall make ao :«nJrL.C change forrmpducunt : — apeciah lnamrs riving ServioeT will be" perfdriiiea oyzne Hector, the Rev. Tboe. Perney, at eleven and three o'clock, for the recovery of nia jartWH frnmtoe general though mild attggkj ri inflodttC'ti" Hall alone hayins Mn exempt fRhepidemic bring considered ire, Nationahffpent for the Papal Idolatg| to be sUlorred9 of all faithful ChnauagjF mrevailnm.Jw'ihe Church through JeriW %ritors, arid fhrir weak- minded, deluded dupes, 2,000 at least but never in hia time at - BraeuivAsb ChnrcK' ThtrOffiertu vr morning andafternoon, will begiren to the Ohnrch Aaaociation, towards tne expenses i of their ' Appeal against the iLambetb JSSent? wSdere'bo-it ; and special subscriptions towards the same are very earotitly requested by toe B.e=tor- by whom they will be tiwiikfnlly cknow- lodge. He has already received the torn of Four Gaineas from the two ' Misses Beraey. Were that ' Lambeth Judgment ' to be confirmed, the church of England, would soon cease to be Protestant, and the blessing of The Most" ' High, which, until this Influenza has so long rested upon Protestant -England, would be alienated from her, . and that too, when the great and terrible war is looming 1 1 P- 1 .... Heaven forbid-that I should attempt to reason with the author of such a manifesto, but I would point out to any who may be in danger of being misled by his dogmatising on matters about which he must of necessity known -nothing, that this good rector 'is playing directly into the hands of freethinkers and - infidels. Why, the sceptic will naturally ask, is that which is to be considered ' as a national judgment npon ourselves, inflicted' eqally upon other nations, to all parts of Europe; Asia and America? How. does, this particular visitation, which is specially directed against Romish error, take its rise in countries where the Pope of Rome is hardly known ? -Above all, how comes it that this special judgment against Papal idolatory has fallen upon all persuasions alike — not excepting Jews and. Mahommedans — so much so that to Brecon Ash; where no' idolatry prevails, the' Hall alone has escaped! Surely, the ways' of Providence are mysterious enough, without raising these fresh stumbling-blocks for the would-be believer. The imbecility of the- Admiralty really exceeds belief, and i' -would not be. easy -to find a precedent since the reign of George IV, for the wanton extravagance of the present Board." Here is a ' recent example ' of the manner in which the public -money' is squandered. The Admiralty has chartered colliers to convey Welsh coal to Leito- for the use of the " Northern' fleet; for which coal 14s.' "per ton is paid, in addition .to a charge for the nse of toe vessels. jNow, suitable coal rin he purch eased at Leith at the rets of 17a. 6d. per ton, and. if this par ticular. description of Welsh coal was absolutely essential (which is not the case), it could perfectly well have been delivered at Leith: by private firms at the- rate of 20a. per ton: Tbere|«ms not the slightest necessity for hiring colliers, -and playing at an exorbi tant rate for this coal, and really im- possibl e to understand why the taxpayers eturidd tie so ruthlessly fleeced. ; 1 apt delighted to gather, -from a letter addressed by Captain Armit to the , Times, that Ms engagement to serve on . one of President BaltnacedaV ' war-ships, and to engage and firemen for that ruffian, has resoltsd in a loss; of time, and money. No one -ri likely to sympaLUinc with him. -Etus ' Ualmaaatoeais, by all account". i»i,e one of the most unmitigated scoundrels that ever hardened the earth, and it is most improper that any feigltihrnm should allow -himself to be indnced by promises of money to enter hiB service. My only regret is that Captain -Armit has not lost more, and- that he has not himself, l in'Srons . by BalmaCeds's admiral. Eliza Lancashire,. ' an imbecile (though not of a low type),' was entrusted the other daiy with toe duty of bathing a three-year- old childtoMincanton Workhouse Infirmary. She' put in the water and tried it with her hand, and then she and one of the nurses took the child by the arms and legs (' he be ing very stubborn'), acd, in spite of his screams, immersed him in the water. The result was that the child -was so badly scaided on the legs and lower part of the body that his skin peeled off him, and he died. The coroner's jury found that due care had not been exe rtascd, and recommended that in future a proper test shoold be ap plied to the water by a responsible official. It wonld have been still more to the point, I should say, had they recommended that in future the bathing of infants should not be entrusted to imbeciles, even 'thoughnot of a low tjjpe.' . ; Bailie Small, of Galashiels, last week sentenced a couple of tramps, who had each Htolen a bun from a baker's shop, to eixty days' imprisonment with hand Iaboar.remark- ; ing at the same time that is waa ' the most diabolical caBe that had ever come beforc the court.' The Bailie hardlydid himself justice. I should aay it was the most diabolical case that ever came before any Court, nod I trust that the attendion of the Home Secretary will at once'be directed to wards the diabolical Manning not long since declared that a starv ing ma-i who helps himself to bread ought .not to be dealt . with aa a thief. Then how ought this diabolical Bailie to be dealt frith! " The Scotch magistrates appear to be competing very keenly just now with their English brethren for public reprobation and' contempt. At the Greenock Rheriff Court, Sheriff Bigg recently 'sentenced a man ' to' -a month's imprisonment with hard- labour, to be followed, 'in the event of his failing to find aoreties for twelve months, . by six months' farther imprisonment, for the offence of poaching a rabbit. The Scotch papers seem to consider the sentence due less to innatp ferocity thau to a morhid delusion as to toe sanctity of property ia toe shape of ground jgsme. They' may be right, haf if that be so, the oaseonly shows more forcibly the 'necessity "for repealing the iniquitous Game lavs which breed these monstrous notions in the magisterial mind. I hare always said that the LiKeral Party wbtdd'neverfinditself in a minority if it would only realise -the fact that the conhtry is Radical! Isna at Wisbech, and I- wSs at . all the reoent 'elections. Did I ahilly-ahally? Not L 1 preached the Radical creed, "hot and strong. I called on theelectdrs to vote for the liberal candidate,' if tbey wantod to depose the Lords; in Westminster., and toe Parsons in . theii; villages, But ! nqver blinked the fact that Home Rule must begraoted to Ireland as a preliminary to SUthbLiberal measures that were to benefit -them. : I represented it as a Jordan- which . hadtobe tosversed in order to.: water .the Promised Lap A It is a mistake to suppose that there ft any indisposition on the' part of the laberal mmjoritiee to grant Htdne Rule to lBBland, They aooept ;Mr. Gladstooe's -settlement of- the fatare ; .relations ween the two islindB in eaticetybat thej natac&lly; "sak i What next V This we tell them with Whnoettain vtnoe. To carry Home Bole, -two cfteetSbns- will bfe jsf&cessiry;, for, the Lords vI| |thro v the - >BilI . odt. , 'Ih, "orter to woizre 'a truimbant thajorityafc the seamd election ifc vrillberell to vfeod "Hp -hot . ! only.- a vfiome £Ql e-i tp r.-tbe _ Loeis, hat. .also a-feir other; dcaocratic. Bills, »hieh thy will «jy tbrtff bot', The lasue it the second dedaon wQltixOo be whether tiie people or the Lords &» have ihe teastecy in the United Kingdom, afid oa thia inoe thenSi Jhe lorda and their adhemits will find themselveBin ah in significant minority. 4 Abpttt - AxictioaeerE.-r-Tha f wsys of thj greatly. ;in Iand; MAmerica bean the expense of "the |Bale» baths France the ortuer -bears tbe bost«; beinx pdded- .ifporebwe; hi Hollanditie rtQI hq«r|beiqg ceqalred to pay.vlO 'per cent additional for tne expenses of the saJb. ' l, - T ' ' 