HIYPNOTISM. I wish I had never seen l-m. I wish I didn't always want to know the ieason why. I wish I wasn't perpetually troubled by an imperti nent curiosity. Why couldn't I have been con tentwith what I had got in the "Encyclo :cdia" and "Inquire Within Upon Every thing " Why should I be always posing as an intelligent inquirer' It has cost me exactly ten thousand pounds. I am his only nephew, and I corresponded with Uncle Boulthy ever since he emigrated as a steenge passenger seveenteen years ago. Y'ou see Uncle Boultby had bren very kind to me as a boy. He used to take me out fishing with him and give me ehillings; that is the kind of uncle a boa' likes. And when Uncle Boultby was shipped off to America with a single £5 note in his pocket to take his chance, I believe I was the only person who was genuinely sorry for him. And Uncle Boultby was suite aware of the fact. The reason of Uncle Boultby's expatriation was, as grandfather put it,that he didn't know how to say "No." Uncle B. was nobody's enemy but his own-that is to say, he got drunk whenever he had the chance. For ten years Uncle Boulthy worked as a common navvy. In America, you know, you have to work or starve; there are no societies in America, as there are inEnglaud,for making the life of the working-man beautiful; it is simply that-work or starve. Then Uncle Boultby, after ten yeats, had a slice of luck: he bought a share m a mining claim, and in live years he made £10,000. Then he came home, and informed me that I was to be his heir. He had been at home a year; he had had one attack of delirium tremens thatbrought him to death's door; then, by my advice, he allowed himself to be incarcerated under the Habitual Drunkards Act. lHe was discharged. as incur-. able after six months; he began his old tricks again, and I had reason to believe he would not last much longer. So I went down to Ply mouth to look after my Uncle Boultby. I was sitting in a first-class carriage in the Great Western express with an uncommunica tive person in a tweed suit. His luggage was on the rack; it consisted of a Gladstone bag; there was a label on the Gladstone bag. I stood up to read it under the pretence of olen. hat-alotof information I might be able to extractfrom the Professor if I only went the right way to work. I remarked that it was a fine day. Professor Tadger nodded. I said that there was very little in the paper. Again the Professor nodded. I tried to get into con versation with him by the usual devices. I could get nothing out of him but nods. What's the use of being a professor if you don't pro cess? Perhaps, I thought, after alt the fellow is just a common conjuror, or a corn-cutter, or a hairdresser. They often call themselves pro fessors. Fora wholehour the Professor had been reading silently a black book in German. All I could make out was that the author's name was foell; if I had only known German I could have found out what the book was about. Suddenly a very extraordinary thing happened. Professor Tadger began to stare at me in an exceseively rude manner. I turned my eves away. When I looked again in his direction he was still staring-staring in a way hat made my fleeh creep. Was he mad? He frightened me. "Don't look at me like that, sir," I cried. " Aren't you well?" and I was about to seize the handle by which you communi:ate with the guard. "Don't alarm yourself," said Professor Tadger rery suavely; "I only wanted to see if you were susceptible to the influence. I fancied that you would make a good subject: so you woula, if you didn't resist." Then he explained to me that he took a great interest in what he called hypnotics. "Ah," I said laughingly, "you've got a show; if it's at Plymouth rtt patronise you. I'm going to Plymouth." "' So am I," said Professor Tadger; " but I haven't got a show. I take an interest in the thing simply as an observer. I am a biologist." "Do you mean to seriously say that it isn't bosh?" I asked. Professor Tadger only glared at me. "Sleep," he said, very blandly. That's all I remember till I found myself rubbing my eyes. and seated on the luggage rack in front of Professor Tadger, for all the world as if I had been a performing monkey. "Why don't you come down?" saidPro fessor Tadger. "Do you believe in hypnotism now?" It was a very curious thing. I remembered perfectly well our conversation up to the point when the Professor hald said "Sleep," nut I remembered nothing more. I felt very indig nant indeed, and I came down from the luggage-rack; then I felt for my watch and I felt for my purse. They were all right. "You have played a very unjustifiable trick upon me," I said. "Not at all," said the Professor: "not at all; it was no trick, it was an experiment. I am successful with about 80 per cent, of ordi nary subjects." It is not nice to be called an ordinary sub ject. Then he began to talk about hypnotism. Professor. " Bypnotism is a very interesting subject, as you would acknowledge if you had seen any of our experiments at Oxford. If you had a logical mind, you would see that you idn't-get -up in the luggage rackt as you did just now, o, your own free will. That ought toba sufficient to convince you that hypnotism is not nonsense. Were I so inclined," he added, with a little laugh, "I could relegate you to the luggage-rack till we reached Ply. mouth." There was ilo withstanding that argument; I cAved in at once. "You see there is nothing wicked or un canny or diabolical about hypnotism," said Professor Tadger; " you should disabuse your mind of any silly idea of that sort It is a subject we know very little about; but we should approach it seriously, because, you know, it is a thing that will, sooner or later, be probably introduced into ordinary medical practice. I am not a doctor; but I have hypnotised a great number of people, and I have often been able to relieve pain. 1'11 give you instances. A person comes to me suffering from neuralgia. I hypnotise him. There is no mistake whatever about the neuralgia; it has perhaps lasted several days; thefaceis swollen. I can remove a headache in the same way." " I don't like the thing," I said. "There is a good deal too much hanky-panky for me. Besides, I have seen lots of the so-called ex periments, and it always appeared to me that i~epoor devils who acted as subjects were simply accomplices who received payment to make themselves ridiculous." "Thatmay or may notbe the case," said Professor Tadger. ' Ilook upon it as a very sad thing that people should be hypnotised for the amusement of their fellow.men ; but there is certainly some good to be got out of hypno tism, and the study of the qsubject, the ultimate benefit of the human race bemg the object in view, can do no harm. There is nothing like a crucial test," said the Professor. "We are both going to Plymouth. I am stopping at thbRoyal. Iereisomyard.' lHegave me a card on which was icrtibed PEo~ESSOn TADGEn, - College, Oxford. " Xow, Plltell youwhat I will do for you. If Tou will present yourself at my hotel with three ordinary individuals between theages of eleven and lve-and-forty - old people and young children are bad subjects, that is why I make the suggestion as toage-I will show you a very extraordinary eaperiment. You shall bring with you a new pack of cards in its wrapper. I will hypnotise one of the s-bjecis. You shall selet a card yourself whose face I shall not see. I will place the cardin the hand of the subject, back towards him; I will tell him that it is a photograph of, say, the Prince of WVales. He will obey my 'suggestion,' which I make in a sufliciently authoritative manner, and he will ngrea that itis a photograph of the Prince of Wales; and to him, ple se to understand, it has ceased to be a playing- cu~rd, sn', after my 'mandatory act,' o )imiit is a photograph of thePrinc of WVales,'and nobting else. I-will direct him to throw it upon the table. Youshall fling down therest of the pack, baJcks upwards, upon it; and, well mixing the cards, you will watch us both as narrowly as you like. I will then simply say to the subject, 'Which of these photographs is that of the Prince of WVales? ' Hoe will unhesitatingly select the card originally handed to him." "Professor Tadger," said I, "if you will do that I will believe all vou Esay--nay, more, I -ill give you a testimoniial." ".It is very good of you," said the Professor; -'bntlnamnot in needof a testimonial''" " Can you tell me," I said, a little severely, 'of any permanent benefit to anybody which has ever been produced byhypnotism ?" "Oh, certainly," said the Professor, affably; 'there are innumerable recorded anses. I am ,ot a doctor, as I have told you, but I have cured three habitual drunkards." "The cures tooksome time, Ishoidd think?" Iremarked, derisively. "One sitting was enough," replied the Pro fessor, with a smile. "If you do the card trick," said I, "you .hsll tryyour hand on Uncle Boulthy." The Professor expressed his readiness to undertike what he called "the experiment with the playing-cards," and suddenly took an Immenseinterest in Unde Boultby. We reached Plymou h. I went to see Uncle Boulthy. Ny uncle's doctor told me he didn't think he would pull through. The same even Ing I called upon the Professor with three "subjects," dchosen haphazard. The Pro fessor'striump.a was c:oplete. Theexperiment with the play:ng-cards came off at the first time. I tok the l'rofcsor straight over to Uncle Boultby'e place. Uncle Boultby was very bad indeed-he didn't even recnsdse me; be called me Julius Casar. And when I iltroduced the Professor; mypoor uncle said, "Oh, Professor Pepper, of crarse. I hope hehasn't brought his ghost." Professor Tadger stared at him rather s?ernly. " Sleep ." he said, in a firm voice, SSleep !" There were no passes-no hanik: panky of any kind. Uncle Boultby's head dropped back, and he -ent off as sound as a house m an instant. " Open your eyes and listen to mne," said the Professor, in an awful tone. - Uncle Boultby opened his eyes, and the Pro fessor shook his forefinger at him. "'When you wake," continued :Professor Tadger, "you will hate all kinds of wines, spirits, or fermented drinks; the smallest quantity will make you horribly sick. You will turn teetotaller Wake !" added the Pro fessor-" wake ;s' Uncle Boultby did wake as though from a refreshing sleep. "1 wish you good evening," said the Professor. "Ihope you'll get better." Then he marcled out of the room and I haven't seen his face since. - Uncle Boultby did get better- he got well; he turned teetotaller; he ate his Christmas dinner with us. There wasjust a little brandy in the pudding, which we tlud forgotten. It made Uncle Boultby horribly ill. Uncle Boultby is going to be married to morrow. I am going to the weddilng. I feel as if I were going to my own funeral. If it hadn't beeri for my cursed curiosity about hypnotism, I should have been the better by £10,000. As for Professor Tadger--bother Professor Tadger:--St. ?Tames's (arzetc. 