i f THE ,DPCTOBS SHOOB. THEIE ;.; ?'''?'''HEADS.' '' '? ''? 'I would give a million dollars for a. . stomach,' said, a wealthy American ie- ' cently. Now, a million dollars (£200,000) is a deal of money, but he was not able to buy the article even at that prioe. Mr Thomas Gaskin, of No. 8 Poplar Eow, Darley Abbey, near Derby, is not ao rich as many, being a gardener, but he was ready enough to give all he had for one thing he hadn't eot. Here is his storv. '? and he shall tell it in his own way; Mr Gaskin goes on to say—' Up to eight years ago I had never lost an hour's work through sickness. In December, 1882, whilst7 living at BeeBton, near Not tingham, my appetite foil away, I had dreadful pain after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would fill with water and slime, the latter so thick and stioky'that I often had to remove it with my fingers. My chest used to. 'fill up' arid my throat would Bwell so I couldn't button my, shirt at tho neck. I vomited a great deal,, chiefly a yellowish green phlegm. I had a racking cough, and would oough and strain tijl I bled at the nose, and the blood rushed. out of my ears. : I became ex hausted and short of breath and had to call the doctor, arid was in bed five or six .week?.'' ;? ? '''?' ;. '? ; :?' I 'then went as out-patient to the Nottingham Hospital, and after attending there for six months was very little better. I! got 'so thin that I was like av ghost walking about, arid my friends said it was all up with me; ', For eighteen months I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the doctors ' recommended me to! try ;a change of air.'' So I came to;l)ariey Abbey and my former master gave me an indoor recommendation to the Derbyshire In firmary, Derby., I found, however, that all the beds in the hospital were full, and I saw rby club doctor, and also two doctors at Derby. The.first ono said, ' You are in a galloping consumption and must die; the other doctors, after sounding my lungs and chest, said nothing, hut sli*ok their lieailst '.Getting a trifle better my old master allowed' me to do what little I could in his gardens and grounds ; and some days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few days.' Things went on. like this until .December, '1888, when I caught'cold, got very short 'of breath, and broke down, completely;' ? I was always coughing arid ' spitting up phlegm, sometimes as much as a !teacupful at once, and was' afraid .to go ' to sleep for fear the phlegm would choke me. ' At this time the whites of my eyeB turned j.ellow, and iny eyes were bloodshot. My lips and mpiith were dry and parched and I often' p'roke; out into a'cold blaininy sweat. My tongue was like a piece, pf . brown; leather, and I could keep nothing' down. I lost over a stone weight' in three weeks. ' '' .' '';;' ?.,'?' '?'.;;. ;? '?; '': - :, ?' ;,;?'?' ' '.I managed to get up for a few hour* at a time, but w.a's so weak I. had ;tb take hold of the furni tare. to. move a few yards. -I was'alwa'ys tired and weary, and sitting or ?y?ng, ' was' never, at ease, and -got rid real , , rest. To weak' 'to' read 'I often sat for .ho^rs looking at my ^hand's— nothing but ,8kirit and' , bone, .arid- 'was so nervous I coulan't, bear... the.' fleas' t nojso, and the ?'. children at playquiie upset me. ? '- ',??. 'The doctor kept1 on; attending mo, but ?he said;;* I can do you no good y I can only patch' you up,- because- your lungs are otis-; ? cased. I then gave over takiner his medicine aridttried' everything I could hear of. One thing was a co'iigh cure from London that cost 22s a' bottle.. But nothing did any good, and my^friends who- ca'me to see me '?f»iA;-'-'Well you' 'won't cough rtiucK lortgerj you, : ,have 'marely' to prepare ' for aiiothir ?world.''-': '?'- ?'?'?' -: - . . ? -'.I .. ? ,.;' About, .'the' middle of March,; 1889, a neighbour named Joseph Tathani, who works in the paper mills at Darley Abbey, said to me.'Fom, did, you ' ever.try if other Seigel's Syrup?' .and. told. me. how. he had been cured after,, being in the hospital.; He spoke so much, in praise of this medicine I sent my wife, to Derby and got a bottle at Mr Smith's stores, in Victoria- street. After the first doso I had an evacuation black as ink, and vomited. Then I fell asleep, and felt, rested whea I awoke. After taking the nacdicine for thrpo rlawo mrr ^roofh;-,» got easier, my. food kept . down, and in a few days more I was able to go out for a short walk.. By ; the end of a fortnight I went to see. my master, wh« asked what had wrought the improvement, and I told ? him, as I' tell every one, that Mother Seigel's Syrup, had Baved my life. I com menced work at once, and have never lost a day's work since. ', '.','' -''. ; 'Of course my strength did not return all at once, but after .taking Seigel's Syrup for six months I was strong as ever in my. ? . life and have continued so ever since.' In giving his consent to the publication of this remarkable statement, Mr' Gaskin requests us to refer all doubters to him or to Mr- Keetley, Head Gardener, Darley Abbey, who is acquainted with all the facts alleged. Mr Gaskin has lived at Darley Abbey22 years' and bears an- excellent reputation.-1 ' ' ?' ? ? '? (-; ? Now, what was the complaint from which he suffered ? Not galloping consump tion, certainly (as one of the doctors thought), orTie would have galloped intohis grave inltss than three months, instead of growing, woree for eeven years. His complaint was1 chronio, inflammatpry dyspepia (or chronic gastric catarrh), which has lung symptoms like consumption, for which ife is so often. TOTIfll*fl.TifWTr rtiiofaVati nvi/1 *»«?««-« -s-T«. 1 ? — _ 2.- J When the right remedy, Mother Seigol's Syrup, was used the disease yielded, aB all diseases of. the digestive tract do yield to that magnificent preparation. We heartily congratulate Mr Gaskin on his recovBry^ and commend the facts of his case to alL , ttiiaking people,- ..,. '..,..., . .. 