THE C3APE AMD ITS USE:. The grapo is a model fruit—ir, : < win derful the uses to which it can not. From the “ wine that cheers tl. rt of man,” down to the dried frf: at forms the distinctive ingredient - ie cottager's “ tig-duff," there is •. v n drous variety of uses to which 'V Per fect fruit ministers—perfect, ■ . .so we are told, on the host seientiti ■ 10 rity, that its specific ingredie' n brace all that is necessary to • v,h and health. That is to say, a n> o n ,y, if he choose, live upon fresh o- 1-1 grapes and good ivhole-meal bre ' i. . nt be healthy and strong. It'is on!,’ ac cessary to point to the mv’v-'d us effects of the “ grape cure,” to v>g nise its specific virtues. So we are right in looking u 'in grape as a m >del fruit. A Miidun settler is righteously exhorted on T.my hands not to put " all his eggs iv . :ie basket.” That is excellent advice : anil the man who goes in for a 20-acre iiao yard. and not a ghost of a tree or any thing else on the block, may be .' glov ing it to the letter, while at th nm; time narrowing down his horti- : ,.i.it kmwledge and research to a ’de study. This is a great gain fo. ,.y men—at all events for a start. Il me mi the -successful concentration of .- gal and physio d energy on one k of culture, instead of dissipating it iri the abortive .attempt to master the particu lars of half a dozen. By far the biggest portion of our acreage in Mildura is devoted t > the culture of the gripe. And ivhat •; n. bo more diversified than this single hi- i of culture 1 As we have said, the grape may bo made into wine or brandy or vinegar or syrup, for which a ni -.rkct may be sought at leisure, and the older these products get the greater tho value. If the planter has conscientious scruples which shut him out flora this department of the industry, then ho can dry and pack his grapes for table u~e, or can them or make them into jelly or jam, an 1 still be able to wait for his markets till he can got top prices. Dried grapes for pies, pud dings, sauces, and other edibles, aro coming more .ami more into use : and it is claimed that they can he dued.nnl handled for two-thirds less than any other dried fruit, still leaving .. ’.uud some profit to the producer. If this bo so—and there can he mi doubt about it —then this is the dried fruit of tho future—the poor man’s fruit — *o- *- is certain that must of our other dried fruits sell at prices which make them little short of luxuries. The Muscat or the Sultana may bis adapted to all the foregoing uses. Mr Hopton told us, in his article recently, to trellise the Gordo Blanco as :i wine? grape. Study the matter out, r.nd yoi* will he astonished at the diversity of «ul ture which lies al the vigneron s door. The many uses to which the grape adapted arc simply marvellous, and it i-v to be doubted if any other product cars compare with it. If one won’t pav. another will. The “ eggs ” are’ all grapes, as Faddy would say ; but til* “ baskets,” or uses, are so uum.rou.-v that there need be no fear, under any ordinary circumstances, of a general breakdown in the way of a profitless season.—Mihlurn Culticttur. 