UNDER THE VERANDAH, | 1 It used to bo said of Mr. Dibbs, . in Sydney, p that he was no politician because lie showed his £ hand too plainly,' and every one of bis opponents |j know what card - he was going to play and why \ hoi ployed it.'' Ho" seems to Have auvancee > g little in the arts of diplomacy-I had intended | to write "iluplioity," hut it does not matter, for | the two Words: have become almost synonymous J — jet liisjiriesso is still of the superficial order. | Opposed1 to- Australian federation, and not 1 caring to say so right out for fear of alienating a | mass of liis 'supporters, ho announces that he is j a fervent federatiouist, on condition that Sydney j bo made tliot capital of tko_ Commonwealth. j Everyone knows that if there bo one point j irreversibly fixed in relation to this siibject, it is . that neither Sydney, aielbonrne, Adelaide not . Brisbane' can bo the : capital of, uni tralia, inasmuch as the' scat of federal go mont must be protected against undue influence on the part of any one State. For a ».mU» reason Philadelphia,; Boston and hen ' York lis to be set aside when the American Union wm formed, and Montreal, Quehco nud loron o when the Canadian Dominion tcd. JV all, Mr. Dlbbs might as well have owned that he is an anli- fcderationiat right out. , . , , When the inevitable inquest oomes o te fi " upon a defunct Bailway Commission i th< nd returned will probably be, ''Found cogged to Doan's Marsh." The moro that station . tion gets looked into the stup,der.tnparsn_ it is growing big enough to swa'bw m O® mission. On the subject of land J the department, I board a good Qn day, whioh is none the worsofor bcin0truc. _ the route of one railway line, not Gippsiand, thoro is an allotment whioh ha hold by a local settler for some Myeara. wooden shanty stood on it.ssithnddou e or tried to do, for the whole period. < OwI tho owner of the property was playing a neighboring hotel, and being vcry 'an(j hia landed estate against a five pound lost it. Soon after the Government > came along, and interviewing the new 1,-no for ilia possession, which, need- 'i,dK was' promptly accepted. The lucky 'itorVer since Bob been on the look out 'landlikely to bo wonted by thp Tail. .tiho gateway of n.oertam mansion, on rtlern side of thoYarrais moro than . I ,6i rtif'nd My good friends over -.there > ""(Lured that I am not in the confidence vnl noblo Koman who , lives on the premises. t wants to light up the neighborhood as . a If Jubilation at getting pitchforked into.a t :L'rtaiit post at a time of , life when ho Sbe meditating on., tombstones, that is hie „ot mine. V.H. may stand for a number .2L" Very Rich,!' " Vastly; Ridiculous," JirjJj Koservoir," " Vanity . Rampant," &c.;, ' u-at matters it?. , Let tho neighborhood L (n the beams of light thus gratuitously la abroad and -mako. no effort to .solve ,tlio „lw assured that there is gas enough in that Ihr to supply any quantity of fixings. ,, , , . He Roman Catholic cardinal, and tho Angli- onbisbopat Sydney arc haying a set to on tho iio„ of precedence. Cardinal clnims to.sit in Letting halls and, march. . in .Stato. proces- fj before Bishop, and tho latter , puts in n nioier claim. Kotloagago Cardinal, had kjs L mil smiled all round, but-kUoly,. Bishop, lias -ide tbo running and Cnrdinhl siilks.. Thero Ju s bobbery over thp, contest, at thp.dinnor fan iu honor of iio''QuWnL!>bday"nnd to at tho Governor's Jev.Se.: Loyd, Jersey has Jbled to Downing-street asking 'how 'lie, 'is .to sad has ' received , a ; ' gohis-you-ploaso splj,' jicantlmo the 'people , 'there'abbuts are mag up their Testaments " and reading the; al which bids them bewarb"of teaoiiers who 'dtiiro io walk in long rqbes nnd lovo '' the' jbest seats in the .synagogues and , the .'chief , It is estraordinary. to inoto,whnt' ,spmo| of1 tseligbts of the church wiU.ua,. Alejegram; i Ik stye pf Wednesday, teiis,. of bur own; jehbishop. Carr, on a visit .to Mansfield, being; ihrlaiued at. a private coursing, matoh.i which - ho enjoyed keenly.'' Any humane, men who has heard. tljo, p.ierbing ' shriek of a, ue when caught in the teeth of the pursuing; sel-so like tho frq'ntio.i biy, of A suffering lild— will realise what is meant by' an elo'vated rfeiastio setting the example of enjoyment of A a scene. Tho peasants, in Italy aro In the ibit of giving their children, a' cockchafer to jhy wi'b, spitted with a pin "and buzzing at the erd of a string. If rcprdyodfor this cruoity by nice tboughtful bystander, their reply is— anChristinnos,"— the iuseot is not a Christian, to what odds ? Popo Too declined tonocept tho position of patron to nu Italian Society for tho fiereoiion of Cruelty to Animals on muoh the urn ground. His holiness took no interest in ih work, Ssnh Bemhardt's inspired impersonations, . ud tho wonderful harmonics drawn fortli by Si Charles and Lady Halle, are doubtless a bad lalimirary to the proper en joy men t ..of an amateur performance, and this., must bo my nctse for finding the Tennyson .Festival at the Hibernian Hall last Monday unutterably weari- itne. Moreover, everyone was ,so pro- iernaiurally ' soi'emri, 'and,. , tiie fun tlmt might have hceri elicited by . . 'quizzing lie incongruities and; applauding, the fiTbrites was crushed by tiip'duli't' decorousriess thl prevailed. "When . a Dream,, of 'Fair 11 emeu was being enacted, the ' vision of laolber Cleopatra at tho Princess's would obirude itself, and I dropped 'into ..'moralising on tie subtle force of- genius arid" its' oa'ptivating power. Even the " cliecrB for Lady 'Hopotoun " were tamo, and without ; the touch of riat rir o that was wanting all through' the evening, " No, there «u one exception. Bafon'yon Mueller/ with his shaggy hair 'and ' heard,' and tlio inevitable comforter in of the Austral Salon on tlioir'way 'to 'welcome , - couiuesi ivhcn _slio .arriye'dthere_\va3_a ouch of nature rihbut him and'oho" or two decor- O'ircmedajsalsp. ; v rerhaps the reporter ispolnng 'fVtiA't'usr'in esa) sometimes adopted Jiy..thoso entcrpriB- kg gentlemen of the press. Ho says in the unras of our 'big ! daily icon temporary and waujutorgthata'suitabloiiblockiof.lnnd is being PUchased in this .city, upona which: a, theatre _ beereoted capable of . seatingi.4506, persons.' "at is not tho incredible, part of tho story.;., He j"?,0? mention, that; tho .theatre,;,. when i„j e'j a he,Jun;on teetotal , qirinciplcs, nJLn r,'to -heemado to obtain for it the Mo ; L c'lurch« .Tliei first- effort in . . 1 'on> seoms,; is'. that the, plays to; be I ,, U(cc'' a' 'b's model establishment -are;to be ebo r 0 election of a ; board; of ; gentlemen mi.'" th® '"rary'Staffs of/the' Melbourne coii» wcro itheifun appears to p. ' anc3r this board meotingiporiodioally I l8IVIl0m bf "'tototrahtheatte .to pick sufilnn' i rmH 'oritIle delectation; of pious »ce. I There' must,be;.ome mistak. i A with Iwrcbmn Ml6y "t the obair.'ifl.what tho oarer Tb!nTe"i"leBnt'' "i0 10 h,;./ ,ri 3 ,,'r. has sot 'oo aC''on aSoinet aceubutban' journal tpecial B|. eryaao- ;won'leriI18'! wherein lies the K tt'litiganti am, "amateur, 'tpreaeiitoii flea tl|10l,offe»c® consist in'j being Or does tbaM! ..amateur"Pra8a "ftirvesV' ten thn 8 n<only" become -tvenomoua: Pan-es . « <? XQ cpniinodf? , :tI;Tbef original -alfhorn.il mr l':rePu'a',lo member .of ! sooicty ®uclaim t„;ime 110r?0,la .have, cast doubts . on iportiniz .Joi'i .'Ie?r8 M a'Eead.ihhot,;in;.tho would think an 'B Erahran tobacoonist, one to a. court o f ,os® tompsr and;rush compared tn action when ho is- think that ,Ju,,8® Hamilton, seemed seller . 0f v- . barriator rather ,than thd feuded .M',an. 'ledi'i'had. cause. to. feel- The opnoaL i bo 'ho grievance, quietly; 'be alleged lfbof' tlle ca"® ' ou<i of wliioht Barrett J, af30 WRa' 1 notice,, Mr. Fiold relish hja )0S3 y "le tobacconist did not Short, to ti,. . Po'ting things — objccted, in S»mef„A '""ott'stwiat.,;,.:!,,, r ! friend q V6a11 the luck of it. ' ! Here's , taboSnLTrP800' WflB 0Utdihin8la9t Sunday I mansion and felt tbo earthquake. qUi6"y ia my own room» for earthquakes, as it might be, never felt the ghost of a remor. Why should Soupson get shaken and I not have a quiver? There's something very partial about these earthquakes. Look how Gcelong reports having got shook up -.much more .than Melbourne. I „m always lpft out on those . occasions, until I begin to rlespair. Somo such feeling must liavo inspired ArtemnsAYard that, morning when iris wifo woke bun from his sleep telling lrirn there was an earthquake. Ho disposed himself again to Blnmbor, merely remarking: "Let it quake." In tho. southern end. of. California they get earthquakes, .wild ones. At times a cute meteorologist gives notice of one thrco days in advance. A householder at Los Angolos, hearing there waa to bo an earthquake, scut hisoliildren, threo ys, to n Mend in tbo country to get tticm ontof the way. By and bye came a telegram from the friend, "l'lense send for your boys and let us have the earth- quake, : ... ATTXCUS. 