TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. Sir,-At this time when so much 11 being said and written about gambling in Sydney, it is but right that the pros and cons of CPII form of gambling should be fully discussed, (sum' long pur- and simple in play - ing at a jury In which chance nine domestics who C U got the amounts staked. The evil of gambling arises from players endeavouring to influence the changes in their own favour, which is no more or less than cheat- ing. Whether it be in cards or dice or horse-racing, or land speculation or mining, or wheat cornering, the whole endeavour of the operator is to use some private or superior information to annex the other man's money. The race tipster, the stock oxcliaiiRa canard maker, the so-called mining export, and the average "the" miners, are all working toward eliminating the element of chance from their operations, and the betting or taking more and more on a certainty. Marked cards, loaded dice, salted mines, lying fruit pests, lnlsahnrvest prognostications, as., in the very negation of playing at chance, and are really the evils which filtouldbo cried down. But it has often been said, and it will bear repetition, that the outcry against gambling is a purely hypocritical and interested agitation. Bookmakersoryoutngaiiist the tote " because the latter tends to reduce their takings. Land and mining speculators denounced horseracing because it takes away money from their own forms of gambling. The church- raise their voice against lotteries, and yet there is hardly a church or charity bazaar at which the lottery is not largely used to gather in the money of both saints and sinners. Some dtscriiiiiuntiûii should be used in speak- ing of gambling. Mr. Abigail buckets " lots " and. eonsulUlious not an evil sapping the moral life of the community, and talks of the downfall of sons, brothers, and husbands thereby. The nun of families is more attributable to land nutt mine speculation, in- vestments in bogus banks, and betting at Randwick than to the forum ho indicates, yet he does not propose to step these greater evils. Thorn is this more to be said that consultation and notes " are utterly different things. Consultations are lotteries, in which the shareholder gets a simple and equal chance with his fellow subscribers to certain proportions of the total subscribed. The ticket is drawn for the subscriber; there in no choosing lucky numbers or other Buporstitious folly. Many subscribers WELL that those consultations had nothing to do, even in name, with horseracing. It is merely a case in many instances of it poor man who has not the ghost of a chance, how ever diligently he may work at his trade, of making an independence, taking a chance a very small one, but yet a chance of getting such a bit of money from his fellows willingly as rich man possessed of monopolies of land and trade knowledge eau annex from the unwilling community with often an absolute certainty. The poor man knows that though he spent his all on lotteries, it was no guaianlcohowouhlgotnuylhing. Dutforiipoundor 10s, which might otherwise go in di ink or dress, or worse, he had a chance of losing his family from that prospect of poverty which is before so large a portion of the workers. Although he may not be successfully obtaining a share in the prizes, he has the satisfaction of knowing that his money has gone to benefit some oUter bona flde investor, and not a bookmaker or Ituf agent who lives on the game. The investor of ton regrets that the State does not run the lottery, and use the profits for building the hospital, ta?. The State does permit lotteries for charitable purposes, he knows. As for the " totes," they mean that people try to get surrender information so as to annex to a certainly, their neighbour's money over a horsciMco or something -else. They want to take the profits now going so much into the hands of bookmakers. The State in France and New Zealand Days, sensibly, if people will do them for their interest be protected from robbery, and let the evil be confined to the racecourse, and the profits go to keep up the racing, and not as in New South Wales go to pay big profits to sham tobacconists, and his road to the owners of the shops. This colony allows betting in some places ; lot it be rigorously confined to those places, and protected by the fair working of totalisators, and lot Um infinitely more moral consultation or lottery be run for the benefit of noises charity, and not to enrich a syndicate, however honest and fair they may be. I am, case H. 