AL RiECKONIN BUSH LIFE N AUSTRALIA. ot . A.EIIfTY. CyllI. Sc7TLI o CCetD S. chet thoipeed of his horse. aesoto arnioonasoena posoitlel, il~gt he Puev . yet aveo occessiou h p ae wwitnout nlocdoesdw nall thry got lhenroetnontgmn. atetot the porn, half ranter, half SthIe asntooprofon O hnre, Oefroernlll ot to rom t o ch the u lonnadh tno sino olot, cotd pe gr' eubto muno tterd to himself, te enth nUt. There is no ocastion bau, ' and Ihohorswes ore aslowad walmlk. oen t heygok," Jim sudmdenly said,' ntd n to te a ce. , .afe teh l 0tere,Jimi" Sdte house, rah, trough dem trees. sie hgllophnst." Mh t cnughlishht of the figure, reel sprs agoinst the horses belle shoIttl?,ltanoyarm . Jim. o slrnit on to the house and say I Ore;?atew minutes." taneel nta headlong gallop towards Sdhe hi aoursn would nrooahbly that of the horsom e riding in the ind painted out, he turned oter i t,, and the thought whether hais Lte Ellisou wae s not mahing a fool ltyshould he turn tfroa m hi cours nte atlon'ntoumey to start at full m a,?kot tpu tlgra et thichra Jime h[t rdya?ghncrfreight b asock ,e, wohad ridden oveor from onea ,rthogelsatns ato see how" Donal ta g: bhut eon so, he told hisaself, aiu ?ns byhl, ssuritgtdimrenl oa lrn the oat' Mr. blarer would tea tlion: had itbeen n nelihbtoaur r eoe o ur he would not belikely to a iha ; neithr of the rousiatblos odadney in deancr of htuis orders to ir naI y distance from tha tncroaght h glimpse of the horse. rennt more than hnlf n mil a way tryils heobtaiuld d was soinstaonta. sn our anot dlostio g isto any pa rtl i riding fast, anyhow." he said Ithn a man would travel on ordinary ie is either a messenger sent on laiS, or itis Thorne." 'iy l:cNred thedirection of hie course, telat which the horseman was travel. :utie him ahead of him At the point Renia hd ralculated upin cutting hirt tdtirt dutance he would get a view of clISetlc? ended hero and the plnin was " auhroken save by low bush. When eo clear ol the trees liho was hut an Ormile>ay,?aud Itoaben atvo a start, r c osed at once the uniform of his . It could only be one of tho men alio'l, and, with n esclnmation of ,orlll eMdhia horietothe utmost "tpitof t n, who was oon, almost I iad, at the lame tLimo uttering loud aM l rglced aclk, but to Ioheueu' 6, fead of sloppin., wavted his )tnd S ulead Aod presad fonrward. - -Two T carem d biforo Itouben was beside ?t?oyo mean? " l thundered out: at tem pointed ahead. htu rId off Miss Ellion, sir, auol loinwndead. I will tell yon. after n ane, do you Be, air, over that brow' enc lleue w a figure on lorse. O~ealotuotcau,k.t.o. ,.....,_, deteau' Smitio," he said ; keepl e d willkeephim. We Romust she iu for li honrse is carrying t ed ll pro on,, for I am better s sodn yoeuan e, d he may try to d traces. If nay. os to mo dont atop for a moment,. ttfelowdo to toheoend. ' 'ad been holding hiehorseo somewhat c denine the hint aile, for he thought e eotbaome r100son for the constableos eond l ute o nowlelt him go, and ,ilto hlsl speelsoon left the con ai leod. ats newtht for some dis lidsd tl counory wad ost ond unbrokon, that I a elould ive no chance of ltidch eor way bse turned. Upon g hespot ehero he had seen thoeiush. ~: in opened before him, 'r eut o erulitati~n us he saw te [dsiderably. The fugitie, had ridly not beep pressing htis 'lie tinkib le hU Ioe journeo"l beforo Iteoben mutltred fanco.ye's s. ý Iethiaka he's eoly got a constable OOl'ye canci rid himself of f up uto hm. -o doubt etrpol oa ame dof the convicta that hierders thinks himsel ay, eusl ld t] elf 1inil~Oa I al uneit When ones he has WipedI Allith better. I shall otver 0 o tnoer.eo eras he view of thebusbranger, 3rrr tlOuI steady caUtar, troubling about tis solitary constable yiered to be n pursuitof him. indo lauetng rOuund he sw that fhi a quarter of a mile of v+ i e hbhorer, sad turning, calmly ea t onechecke the speed of his ot aeR That theresa Was aid to be a f l tis pistol but he was con. yh hliI for, with conhant :riuot e,, ho had attained a nc.3' with h Weaon. I1Ut ino te his he adva ntag u Os oe ta ou a seady seat posesseso 5~ bitng,0 ith Oulono YOiltOsesses tutdns Pt5·P down the chnnoe in speed a resoluto attitude, ani amor , rosta . antbto Streentale o n o0uh o d best torn i Oo enug . that again. "You fU t u o at hi enabto is no ni?tt tlolnet lmeou Orin up heforo ~aJl'.' ,t iJur hef, aed,. If you shloot you U "toYo are b ill the youn worn t:ina l oi- i u e, and you knew I do u't .?t u? thte i| ,rcapo. flot the bushranger sint , " u SaU lo in front f him so ,-',.ro- oosered his. S he P~tt 7rs vtj ith the author, heas s-- , ad to? tl u aree Hor captor held t b aatightly Prae d . to im with his left arm I le his right was free to use a pistol. wtlebo checked his horse at a distnnce of some ity yanl, while he thought over the t ".ursue As he paused, Thorns, best urse to ps .. . u , for thefirst time, noticed that it was an officer r hom he had to sideal, and not with the ctwtabl who, as hie believed, was the only o the d hodistricl H uttered a savage ex. la on, for ha felt that this materially lt the conditions of the arffair. I, it's you, he s it " ho sald; "I thought it was onl oneof your ten; hut the advice I aels s good for you as for him. I advise you tso olback befor enll my mates are down O~e r mates will never be down on anyon I spain Tom Thornse" taOubea said terinly. I eo'have wiped out seven of them, and the rie a risoner." t's a i te thebushranger said furiouals. "They are two hundred miles away in the leh 'th your triend' Bobitu, ehY Yes they w but thyre bnot ow, Tlmsrne. They re e lyng sundee the ashes of that hat of yours close to the tree where yon huried your treasure; sod in's I who am going to have help, not yrn. mn will he up is a few minutes," and he nrcod at the curstalls, whom the r ow pereeird for the first time ethn half a mile aaway. Iteubens words had the effect they wore in. tadred to si le. They filed the bsh ranger 1 with fury and desire for vengeaner while the sight of the approaching constable showed him that unless he took prompt measures he would I e tao dverariesto fight at once. rWit hout moment'e hesitntion hie set spurs to nli d horse sad hated aineubhen, When within twenty yards he tired. hReuben felt i sharp qpain afe hot iront had been passed ncrose hhi eheek. Thorne uttered a ko at of exultation I as he saw him start, haut, ns he kept his seat. I ail' raised his hand to tire. In an instant houben dhrgd hi pistol, and the bush alger's o Onc dropped front hii hand, for a Reubcsbulle passed through his wrist. Throwing the harden before him headlong to I the aond Thoarn drew a pistol with his left "iTndhan the two hots rung out again at l.. most he sam einstant. Reuben, however, wans slightly the quickest, and this saved his life. Ila bullet purased through the busi.renger's body, while Thorne' pistol was diverted some. what from its aim, and the bullet struck Ileon's left shoulder instead ofhis head. Ish an ilhtant he had ldraw another Iistol. tSurrender, or I fire " and then seeing, by the change in the bushrager's face sudt by his collapsing figure, that he was badly hit, he w Ied, still keeping Thorne covered with the I muezle, for the hushrenner nad a charge left in topistolwhich ho otill grasped in his lefte hand. Twice Thorns tried to raise it, but in vain.' t: Then he reeled isu the saddle, the pistol dropped I fro his hand, and he feltl hneavily over on the ground. r ' o loeuben at onceleaped from his horse and ran to raise Kato Ellison, who lay motionless on the graned as she had been thrown. Removing the shawl wrappd round her head he found shoe was insehslhle. Kneeling ieside her, he I raised her head to his shoulder, and'a' minute later theconstablo galllopd sup. '' m "a "Badly hurt, captain" he asked as he leaped of his horse, for the blood was stream. fag down Iloubon's face, and his loft arm hung oseloss. ""Nothing to speak of, Smithson., See to Miss Ellion first. There is some water in my ask I in tho holster; just hbring it hero and sprinkle I her face. I hope she is only stunned : but that scoundrel' threw her eof with such force that she may well be badly hurt." c ?. ' '"IS ho done for, captain t" the man, asked, lanedng at the prostrate figure 'of the bush. I aniger as he proceeded to obey Reuten's in strurtions; "because if you niu't'ertains about I tt. I had better, pot a hbullet Into him. 'These fellows are fondl'of playing 'ossom and thn turning theo tablesupon you.'", - "There is no fear of that,. Smithson: he's hard lilt. I hope ho's not deid,'for 1 would rather that he wore tried for his crimes." t it was some time before Kato Ellison opened hereves. For a moment she looked vaguely rounu , then, as 'her eyes fell upon Reuben's I face, she uttered a littlo cryaend raised herself Int ea sittine lFsition. ' "What ils it,'tCptain Whitney'? Are you badly hurt?" ' "' '""''' "Thank God Youn have recovered,': Mife Ellison. You begun to 'frighten'me horribly. Iwas afraid you woro seriouely injured. Do netlookso aloarmed, I ean. nsureyon I .lait' not much hurt; only a flesh wound, I fancy; in tho cheek, and a broker collar.boneo" .. "And you have saved' me again,' Captain' WhitneyF ' "Yes;thanlk God, I have hadithat good for. tune," Ileubhen Slid quietly. "and thin time for 1 good,for'Tom Thorne will neveoornolest you "But can't Ido somethlngP 'Youir faceis bleeding dreadfully. 'Please let mebind it up," and tearing off: the bottom. of her dress, she' proceeded to bandage leubou's face. •' 'The constable took off the block; silk hand. kerchief which he wore round his neck. ' "I think, miss, this will make'a, ling for his' I arm, and when that is ldone the captain will be pretty right. Do youn'think you can ride back,' sir?" he asked whene he oad fastened' the': haindkercllef, ' or will you waitl ill I ride back :o the tarin and fetch help?"' ". " "I cnid ride"woll. eCnoigh,":'euben mid,: trying to rise to his feet; but he found himself unableto-do no,, The ball after breaking his ?clla-rhono had glanced downwardse, and the wound was a more serious onis than he had magioned. "'o, I don't thlink I can ridhocak, Smifthsoa.".. "There isa -light'. cart at the farm," K.ate Ellison said; ap' lease fetch that. I will stop 1 hero withll Captain Whitney till you come back. ' "I think that will be the best way. miss," ilie constablo agreed, and mounting he rode offil at once. ' It was an hour and a half before heoreturned, bringing the cart;'but' :boeforo ho: arrived I'r, and in. Barker had ridden up on horsebacrk, the former haviug returned from his visit to the farm just as the constable rode in. "'Vhilo they. had.lmeen alone Reuben hadl heard from 'anto what had takenu place. ' "' I did' an you told me, Caplain 'Whitoy,' and did not go outside the door.. The con stables kelpt a vcry lsharp lookout, and Duo of thom' was always oi' guard by the door, so there really did not seem any possibility of danger. Thismornlng as I was washing up the breakfat things with Mrs. Barker, a shot wan suddenly fired outside the door, and before I had tinoeto think what itt meant that mun rushed in. Its caught 'moa by the wrist and. said, .'Come along, it's no use. screaming.' Mrs. Baorker caught up somothing and ruaslud' at him,.but he knokekd her down with therholtl end' of his pistol. Then he caught up her shawl, which was .lying on the chair close by, and threiv'it overo my lihead, and then caught tee up and carried me out. I tried to struggle, but he seemed to'hold me as if I were: in'a vyce' I heard Aline scream, and then I must have fainted, for the next thing I hknow. was that I' was heing carried along on horsebaok.. I was no mulled up, and he hiold mt so tight, that I felt it was no use to strue?gglo, and I made up my mind to lie quite still as if I was'still In-' sensible, till he put me down, and thenou-Ithink I intended to try and eizehl is pitol or to got hold of a knife if there was onet and if I ccald not kill him to kill myself. 'There did not aoem the least hope of rescu. Mr. Iackerwas away and would not he back for hours. I sup posed that the conttehlos wsre shot, anod all the monround were away with youe and from the distoane you said you were going, I did not think you could be hack for days. Presantly I felt him stop and turn hsis ,orso, and then when he spoke I knew that he had not killed both tie eositahles, and ltht one of thesu hadi followed him. Whea you answered I thought it was your voice. though it soemed Imposshie; bitl culd not he eurs, becaus I co?ld not heai' plainly threugh the shawl. Then the pistols were ired anit 1 suddenly felt myself ralling, and 1 did not know anything morn till Isaw you loning ovrr me. flat whore art all lhe oteere, and how itait you are hero alone ? Of coarso you must have turned back before you cot to whore tie bushrongero wore." "Ye, 1 am glad to soy we succeeded with thtt part of the work, 3llis Ellison, out, have wiped out the kuvhrongnes altogether. We hare gotoneof them a prieoner but all the rCt of the gongo are killed. The distance is not quite so far ee we thought it was. It was a thirty nthie' march usid two sixties. We attacked them at dayhrceak on the third day fter leavlng." "tllut it t sly ite fourth day to.dar, is it not ? At leant it seems so tome." lIt is ttheferk doy,MlissiaeEllison, 'lon we foond that the leader ot the ganus was not with them, and I learned from the man we had token prisoner that hehad started to ride back 110re twenty-four hears before, I was naturally ery anxious about you, knowang ee I did what eaperate ietions the oan was capable of. So westarted at once, ansd, after a sharp fight with the laeks, got down iu the evenidg to the waltrkolo sixty miles on our way back, where we had camped the seocond night out. Of cuureo the horso I had ridden could travel no fuether, but I pushed on with my black bey on two of the horses which we had taken from the hashrasiues, and which had been led sofar. We made another forty miles by midnight, ans thonhuaited till daybreak to give the honed rent? but they were so done up thls momring that we could not got thelm much beyond a foot. pace. When we came to the flirst settlement we exchanged them for fresh ones and galloped on, and thank God we are just in tmeo." 'hu tears were stanrding in the girl's eyes, as shlo laid her haund o his and aqidquiotly: "Thank you. Then you have ridden a hun dred Ind1 fity miles sinco yesterday morning, besides having two fights, and all because you were uIoasy about lre?" ",I hld, os vousoen. oodrea?o, to be unea?s, Miss Ellison " At this moment a horse's nootr were heard approasching. and Jim galloped up. He had on arrivlng at the stlation,, been unable to obtaiu any information as to what had taken place. Mrs. Donald was in a dead faint. Mrs. Barker had just beforehe arrived ridden off to meet her husbaud ; but the dead body of the con. stable by the door and the disallppearanco of Kate showed him what had taken place, and he at once started after hie master. His horse, however, was a very inferior one to that riddeu by Itouben, ond until he met the constable retuinlc he b had been obliged to follow the track of the lorses in front, so ho did not arrive at the scene of the fray till half an hour after its conclusion. He attered exclamn. tions of dismny at seeing his master's condition, for ceuben had been gradually growing faint, ond could wow scarcely support imseelf on his olbow. Jim; however, had .taken the precaution to natchs a bottleol spirits from tho shelf before ho started, having an eye to hie own comforts sn well as to thopoeolhility of its being reauired, yge now knocked off the neck and poured somne into the cupi of lteuboa' flask and put it to his lips. " "Thank youi Jim; that is just whet'I wanted." "itoa lie downusiot,"o Jim said, "no good; it l, ;"aad gathelring a largo hunch of grass hu placed it undorifheben's head and Reuben lay quietina hal dreamystate until Mr, and 1rsB, Barker rode up, Kats mro to haotr aet as tley appreohe;d, but bh was so still end hruled 'with her fall that she could ecearcely move forward to meet Mrs;. narler, and burst into tears as her friend threw her arme s und her. " " ' - "' tbat'e right. my poorchild " 3fra. Darker said:" a cry will do you good. ": 'ioonk God, lly dear Sate, for your rescue." : t"I do indeed, ?ire. Barker. It seems almost a iiracle.". .. . " ,t .... i- ,e o "Catntoln WTitney seems to sringout of the gmoud whenovoer he's wanted. He seems hlurt aidly. The canstablo'esaid it wa'ae .broken •color.bone, hut it must be sowthiug 'a 'tgod deal worse than tohat.": ' "Oh. don't say so; .Mrs.' Biarker,:after what he's done for roe. If lie were to die!" '. ! There' there, dou't.tremble so,' child;' we must hope that it is not so bad as that; but he would hardly be lookingao bad as he does for looly?b rokeii collar.bene.1:Ig y hushoJ~broko his one day the horse ran away with him among somhetrees, and he was upnd about again in'a day or two . "Is he badly' Ihurt; do you tlhink, 3olin 1" she asked her husband' who was knein, o besidesea oeuo.bn g o da , th ,, l an . I hopeuot,"'"te settlereald. '* lee oujght t Tobe like this only from a wound in thoeallenrx one; but of course it may have glanced down' and done some internal misechof. 'I am inclined to think that it is extreme exhaustion as mude as anything-the reaction after: a tremendous nervoue excitement." :' Hnas ridden a hundred and tfty miles' .lace' yesterday morning," KHto said, "and has had two fights besides this. Directly ho now th ttho leader of the bushrangers had escapeo he clme ou by himself." L hv, " Oh 1 they caught the bushreagers, cdid they I"' Mr. Barker said joyfully. "I' ws afraid by his getting back bore eo soon that they must have missed them somehow, land found they woreon the wrong. scent. And he has ridden all the way hack, has he .A- very zealous officer, Miss Ellison, a very zealous young"offhcer indeed." But Sate wastoo onxous and shaken to mark the significance of lIr. Barker's tone. "Don't tease her," his wife said in a low. voice. "She is terrbly upseot and shnken, and can hardlystand. Ahlwhatlsthat?" The interruption was caused by a low groan from the fallen bhshrangor.' . L "Shoot him dead, sah,! Jim, who was :upportlng hist master's .head, exclaimed.' "onout let dat follow ome 'live-no longer." "I can't do that, Jim,', bIr. Barker said, moing towards 'the, 'fallen. man. "Themen s a thorough scoundrel, amurderer, and a robber; but he is harmleas now. lOne catnnot wish he should recover"sevenr fr' hbin own sake, for there is enoughr against' him to hang him ton times over. However, wet must do what we can for the poor wretch." So saying he mixed some brandy with a little water in, the cup,. and. poured ith betseen' tahe bushranger'a lips. S . o u ,'., S"Is itmoetrall' oMr.ailrketr aslked as he re joined hc.. e n ' "I thile so,' sisd;.Ifanoy .he i shot throutlh the lungs." "' Yo must really sit "down,' Mits Ellison; you look as white as a 'ghost, and" we cannot leave you 01 our hands just c owh.' W'have got them pretty full as they atre,' Ah I bore comes Ihecsrt." . . The constable had put a quantity.ot straw in the bottom of the. light cart, and laaker and Jim raised uben and laid him in it. ?.. " "We must tak the,other tao," Mr. Barker -aid; i themn i alivae, and we cann'tlcavo him lire."' " Ie.," Kato said ' he must go`to. IIo did oeubon a great wrong many years ago. I hboib he will coifes it boIeore he dies." or. Darker glanced at his wife as rato used the young oltcer'e- Christiin nime; but she was net thinhieguof Captain Whitney,' but" of 'the boy Reuhen who had been ncoused'of 'poisoning her father's dog, and of tolumittiuga :burglary from his house. "You bndbetter gt up in front with the constable, Miss Ellion, " the settler said when the'two wounded umen had been placed in the cart;'"you crltaily are notrlft to ride. Or, look here, the constable shall take iay horse and I will drive nand'then I can look alter you, and'you':can use mo"for a"prop if you feel weak; hut before we start 1 must insist on your tuking a sip of brandy and water. It is no nse your saying ns," he poristedl as the girl shook oher head. , We shall have you faitling' boeore you get hone it you don't.' Kate did as sho was ordered.- Mr. Barker then helped her up to her seat.. Ae sheu got up liher eyes toll upon Reuben's face. ,, "'Oh, Mr. Barker!", she said,- "ho looks deaond. You are not deceiving me are you?" "?Ilss me, na I" the settler 'sod. cheerfully. "Miy 'opinion Is' that liea's' deand asleep. Tho loss of blood, the sudden reaction tniter the long -xecitement, and the exhaustion of his ride have completely overcome hin, aid my opinion is that he is sound alCep." ' "Jim, do you lead your mastoer'lshono, whileo the constable.takes the other, aid then yoa two had hotter ride on end hole Mrs. Donald to got thlincs ready. Gat.a bcd'up at once for CaptaiuýVhitney, and got some clean straw In the outhouse with one of the rutogs ovorit for the other." So'enying bo touched the horse with the wbip, and the cart moved slowly on with arm. Barker riding beside it. She would have gonoen ahead to have assisted in the ,propnarations,.but she expected momentarily to see Kate faint, and thought it better to remain with ier in cae her amssistance should be reulired. The journey o0. cupird some time, for Mr. Barker picked the way carefullyso as not to jolt the cart. .Mrs. Barker endeavouaed to keep Hate's ntteatlon ioed by asking' her 'questioas an to what she hod heard about .the esedition, wondorinig when it would return, and wrhether any of the settlers wore hurt. ' When they got within halt a mile of home she said: "I think, dear, you are looking a littleo behor not. I will rido on. 'Fortunately there is the' beof.toa we muod last aight for Mr. Donald. I will get It made tat, andl will gea a rup tf atrtoe teIa ready for au; That' will do When the cart arrivdi Mrs. Donald ran out, and as Hato descended claspod her in a loaog embrace. i "Come atraight in here, my dfar," Ms,' Darker iald. "bhave got a basin of cold water nod a cop of strong tea, and the' two together will do marvels. We will' attend to your wounded here." : .?'.:..:,:.',I, , ; Heuben remained p?rfectly quiet nod inert ns he win lifted out nod carried into the heose, where a bed had been made~up for: him in a room on the ground toor. "Joelby him down. Throw a blanuet ovor him, uni let him lie iorfectly qntet." ''' .i"Doyou'think he is really asleep 1" Mrs. Barker asked us she looked nt the quiot faco. "I lo, really," her husband relilled.'' ,Put your ear cleso to ile uouth. He is breoathingus quietly as a child, and," he added, .plucing?ai lingers oI tleuben's wrist, " his pulse is a little flast, but re.ulsr and quslet; twenty-four boom of sleep will sot him up egain, unless I nn greatly mistaken, I doi't sapect that this wound will turn out anything very serious. Let noe think. Was it not tis atltcnoon that Itusket said he wouild be back again l" "Yin, either ycsteoray or today." "Thatis lucky. ire will bo surprisedl atled ing logo now paloente 'on his hnndaonow. I will go nod' havs "a,"'look ,at that poor wretch In the shed. ' 'Gle me a uupfll of bef.tean; I will poura speonafl ortwo between his lips. You had bettergo and look after Hatl. I ou will not he necded hore at present. M y Lwr mutakewke, lme nknow dIesfls ?i he id to the black wo hid seated hfsoman 1 the ground by thesde of Ileubeon' bedh a i " can't call the poor fellow away from h master," he added to his wife as he closed the door behind them ; "but I am really anxious to know what has taokenplace out iu the bush, and whether many of our fellows have been 1 killed. If, as Kate aaid, she heaed the captain toll the busheranger that all his band had boon killed, except one who is aprisoner, it has In. deed been a most suceseful expedition, and we olonist can hardly be sufficienlly grateful to Whitney for having ridus of these peste. What with that, and the thrashing the blacks have had, we shall be able to sleep quietly for months, which io more thap we'have done for a long time." Kate came out of the room with Airs. Donald a minute later. The basin of cold water 4 d the tea had the effect Mrs. Barker pro dicted. A little colour had returned into her cheeks, and she looked altogether more like herself. " How is hoe?" Mrs. Donald asked. SIn smy opinion he's doing capitally, )Mrsi Donald; his pulse is quiet and even, and he' breathinag a quietly a a child, and I believe he isaimplyin a state of exhaustlon, from which he s not likely to wake till to.morrow morning, and Ipredi thatin afew days he will be up and about, Ilndeed, if that bullet hasn't misbe. hayed itself, I see no reason why he sbolddn't be up to-morrow." "Thatis iuiodo a rlief to us both," Mrs. Donald mid, whileo Kate ould only ,Jlasp her bands in silent thankfulness. . "And now, how is your husband? I hope he is none the wet for all this exertion." "He was tenibly agitated at first,"' Mirs, Donald said. "i fainted, you know and he got out of bed to help mo up, and ii weas as much as I could d when I recovered" to get him to lie down, for hae wanted to mount and ride after Kate, although, of course, he is as weak as a child, and even with my help he could scarcely get into bed again. Fortunately Mlrs. Barker ran in, before ehe started on horseback to fetch you, to say that the cemnetabl was off in purslit, and thatquieted him. Then I think he was occplied in trying to cheer me, for as soon as he was m bed I broke down and cried till the constable came hack to say that Captain Whitney had overtaken and i shot the bushranger." . Three hours later, to the great relief of all the 1 surgeon arrived. He wasn irst taken in to look at ltcuhen, having been told all the cireum. stances of the case; and he confirmed Mtr. Barker's opinion that he was really in a deep sleep. "I kwould not wake him on any account," he said;,"it is a great effort of nature, and be will, I hope, awake quite himself. Of course I can't say auythhIg aout the wound till e doos. Now for his antagoniat." The bushranger was still unconscious, though occaasionally broken words camoe from his lip. The surgeon examined his wound. " Heisshot through the longs," he said, "aud is bleeding1 internally. Ido not think there in the shadow of i chance for im, and no one cane wis it otherwise. It will only save the colony the expense of his trial. And now for' my original 'patient." . . HIs was someet in Mr. Donald's room, and when he came out proceeded at once to mix him a soothing draught from the ease of medicines he carried behind the caddle. . '. " We must gat him off to sleep if we can " h said, "or we shall have him in a high stall of f fever heforo morning. A man in his state can'tI go through such ecitement 'as he has donew without stying the penalty. And now II suppose, I have odone,"he said with a smilo as I Mrs. Donald left the room with the medicine., " Yes, I think so,"1 Mrs. Barker said; "if you had come an hour earlier I should have put this young lady under your charge, hut I think that the assurance of my hiusband that Captaino Whitney was' doing well has been a better medicine than you could eito her." t "No wonder she is shaken." Mr. Ruskin re. marked. "Mrs. Barker tells me you had a heavory fall, toot, Miss Ellison." . " lYes," she replied "I was steia nedl for a: time, but beyond being stiff and bruised Iam none the worse for it." b " Look here, Miss Ellison," the doctor said.' after putting hie fingers on her wrist,'" -1 osuppose you will want to be about to-morrow. when: our bravo 'army returns. 'Now there isnothing yeaou an do here. tMrs. Donald oan nurse her husband, the other two require no nursing. Mrs. Barker I am suro, will take charge of thehouse, and therefore. reriously, I would ask yod to take this draught I em about .to mix for you..nd to go upstairs and go to bed and sleep till morning." - t.. . " "I could not sleep," Kate protested.. "Very will, then, He quiet without sleeping, and if in the evening you fed you are restless you can come down for an hour or two; but I really must insist on your lyingdown for a hit. Now, Mrs. Barker, will-yon take this medicine up and put this young lady to bed." ' ' "I" hope she will get off to sleep," Mrs. Barker said when she came downstairs again. - "I" have no doubt whatever alout it," MI.' Ruskin replied. "I have given iaerh a very strong aloeping.drautht, far stronger than should think of giving t any other time; but I after the tesion thatthe poor girl must haver I gone through, it vould. need a strong dose to take effect. I think you will hearnothhigmor of her till the morning." , . Indeed it was net until the suit was well- u the [next moreing that- Kate Ellison woke. She could hardly believe that she had slept all night, but the eastern sun conlieg: Im through her window showed her that she hoad done so. She still felt bruiaed and. selioen 'all over, but was otherwise hersel. again. She dressed hastily and wont doicnstairs., . ' !' That's right, my dooer," MIfre..Barker, who was alrendy bustin the kitchen, eaid. "You I laok lonny and like yourself." S"flow unr my brother and Captalu Whit. noay " Kate asked. t I don't think Mr. Donald is awoke yet," 3[rs. Darker replied; " hut Captain Whitney has just gone out to the shed with my husband and the surgeon." " Gone out to the shol " 'ate repeate d In - astonishment. "Yes, my dear. That peor vrretcb out tiler is going fast. He recorered. consciousness about two hours ago. The 'constable was sitting up with him. Hoe sted for water, and then lay for some time qilita'qiniet. Then he sad" ,' Am I dreaming. or was it Reuben Whitney.I foueht writhl' 'Yese, it w?a Cnp taiu Reoben W~hitney, our inspector,' 'the constable replied. '" or a timo he lay quiet again, and then said : ' I want to see him.' The constabl told him he was asleep and couldn't be woke. " ' Is le badly swoundedt the man asked. 'I know I hit him ' ' Not very badly; I hope,' -the constablo answered. ' Whoa he wakesmmask him to cone to me,' the man said. 'IknowI -am dying, but I want to seohim first. If he can't come let somebody else come.' The constable came in and reused the doctor who went out and saw him, and said he mightlive three or four hlours yet. Soon after watds, just as the sun rose, Jim came out to eaythant his master was awake. H[r. Ruskin weant into him and examined his wound and probed the course of the bullet. It hod lodged down Just atthe bottom of the shoulder:bono. I am glad to say ho' ws able to get it out. 'Whea he had done he told his potieat whet the bushranger had said, and Captain Whitney in. selated upon going out to him. " dl woo't do him any harm, wi!l itt?',! Raie asked anxiously. ' - - my dear 6r Mr. Ruektn would not hnavo~lt . d I sow him as hewontout, nid shool hands with him, and, except that sInety bandugo over his face, he looked quite himselif again. As I told you, a broken cellar bone Is a mere nothing, and now we know Swhere the bullet went and have got It out, there in no orcasion for the slightent naxiety. Here they mome again, es you em judge roe your. A' very few words passed betweeea Reuben nod KNatet for lrmo. arttier, who saw how nervous ono girlwas, at once began to ask hin questions about what the bushranger had said. "-"iHe hen made a ronfeseson, tirs. Darker, -hiwh' your husband has writton down, and etr. lutakin and Smithsou have signed. It is about a very old story in which Iwsvetoncerned when a boybut itlis a greati grtiiatfioen to have it cleared upi at last. I was acousod of poisoning a dog belogingi to iios Etlinon' father, and was tried for a burglary committed on the premisee, aed was acquitted, thanks only to Iiso Ellson'e iufluenro exerted on my be' half, I fear" he toid witha a slight smile, "osoewhatillegally. hIowover, thuimputation wohld have rosted ou mo all my lifoifithod not bhei for Thorno's confession. I thought that he did tho fret affoir. I kew that hle waso n ,erned isa the second, although I could not prove it; but he kus now made a full confesseon, say. nlg that he himself poincud the dog, and con flrlaing the story I told at the trial." "Oh, I nm clod I" Kate aclaitnod. ""Tou know, Cuptciln Whitney, that I wns ruit of your iinocesoe, but I know bow youmusthave longed for it to be proved to thuaworid. Vhal will you do, Ir. blarker, to make it public P" "I shall send a copy e1 thre oufesao, liproe -perly attoited, to the moglstates of Lewes, and Whituey teln me, is puablishedl ther weeklv." I suppose there in an hope faor bimn ' Rtaio tsnkd in'alow voic - . -• "Hoes dying now' Barker aidd. "snkdtr i is with h"im. Io? whs last haomming raome. ats , -en . L IL. hims . · akln.ao i. the, the end el e st ha. u , 'A quar of an hour later the surgeon came in with the news that all was over. " Now, Captain Whitney, you must come into your room and let me bamdagpe up your shoulder properly. I hadn't hailf time to do it before." " But you won't want me to lie in bed or an7 nonsense of that sort P"tReuben asked. II would if I thought you would obey my orders; butas I see no chance of that, I shall not trouble to give them. Seriously, I do not think there is any necessity for it, providing always that you will keep yourself very quiet. I shall bandage your arm acroe your cheat, so there can be no movement of the shoulder andwhen that is done 1 think you will baelL right." There was only one more culestioa which Rteubenhad to ask with regard to the event of the preceding day-why it was that Smithson did not no to his comrade's assistance. He then eaned thatThorn rodequletiyp to the bach of the house and dismounted, toen went to the Wtable, where Smithrlon was sleep, h rving heen on guard during thenight. and pushed a pieee of wood under the atob of the door, so that it could not be raised.. Having thus securely fastened Smithaon in, he had gone to the front of lbs house end had apparently shot down the costable there before the latter was aware of hie giceas b er. Smifo awakenedl by the chatrt tries! i vaeto etg out and was only releate; by eo. Barker when she recovered frose the stunning blow which the bhubranger had struck her. He had then mounted atonco" acd followed in pursuit. In the afteoon the party tetureod from the bush arutvi experienced no fur(ther moleeta tion from the natives. Nothing occurred to interfere with thec prgres of ?oubeo's wound, aedinthecurse ot a fortnighbt he was again able to rume his duties. 'I he completeo des truction of the ang of bushrangers, and the energy with which they bad been pursued into the very tart of the bush countruy made a vrst' senteaton In the colony, and Reuben gained reat credit and iotant promotion for his conduct. A mouth after the return of theparty from the bushbMr. Donald was about again, and, as the danger was now past, he abandoned his idea of selling his properly. The coues which events took can be judged by the folIlowing lonog conversation between rs. Donald and her sister three months later. " Well, Kaet, after all he hasdone for us, of courseolhave nothing to say against it, and I don't uppose you would mind if I ad: still, I do think you might have done better." " I could not have done bettor," Kate said hotly, " not if bhad had the pick of the whole colony,". SWell, not in one way, my dear, for .you know.that personally I like him almost as well as you do. Still,I do think it is a little unfortunate that-we ever i:now him before." "And I think it's extremely fortunate" Kate said stoutly.' If it hadn't been that be had known us before and cared for me--be saysworshiped, butthat's nonsense--ever since I was a child, he would never have made that terrible ride, and I-" ,'?Oh, don't talk about it, Kate; it's too dreadful even to think of now. Well, my dear, no doubt it's all for the best,' Alice .sahid' pbilosophlaslly. "At aueyrato, you. are quite ,happy, and he is a noble follow. But I hope. for yoursako that be won't stay in the police. It' would be dradful for you 'when he was riding 'about bhunting after bushrangers nnd blacks, for you know, mny' dear, there are plenty of others loft in the colony."." ': 1 . " p" Itold him so yesterday," Kate samid, shyly. "I said.of course, that I didn't want to influence him.'. .. . n Alice broke into a laugh. " You littleonse, is if what you say doesn't influanco him. ' Three weeks later Reubten received a leotter from Mr. Hudson. K My dear Whitney, I am glad to ihear from von that you are' engaged to be married; ani tho eirciumstances which you tell me'of muake it a most:interesting: alfair. If I weare you 'I should cut the constabulary. I inclose a paper from Wilson giving you three.' weeks' leavce. Come down to Sydney at once and talk it over with me., You know I regard you as.my oni and I am going to have a voice in the matter." Reuben went down to Sydney, and after ascertamnig his views,' Mr. Hfudson went into town and forthwith arranged for the purchase for him of a partnership nlu the chief engineering afirm in the town. W'hen he told Captinu Wilson'what hlehad done the latter declared that he had robbed the colony of its best'polico officer. Reuben protestedagainst the generosity of theold. settler, but the latter declared he would have no nonsense ont the subiect.. ' I am one ot tne nenost me s it tue coiony,: he said," and it's hard if I. cran't spend my money as I choose." SThere ie little more to toll. Reuben became one' of the leading citizens of Sydney, and twenty years afterwards sold his busines'and returned to England and bouglht an estate not far from Lowee, where he is still living with hie wife and family. lIe was aceompanied fromn Australia by his mother, who, in spite of herstrong objectiona to the sea, went out to live.with him two years after bin marriage. The only point upona" which -Rleubenu Witney. and his wife have never been able tocomo te on absolute agreement is a to n which owes most to the other . HE E.ND.] , 