SUNSHINE AFTER CLOUDS. .... .. : : - - ! - |f ' . " A / — ' ; ;A.'"-,„ - : (Copyright.) - By an M.D. Author of "Under a Spell," "Victoria Cioaa; Valour," " Science and Sin," " In Love with Ghost," " Condemned to Death," icc., &o; y'y'U:- . -V ' "Chapter1 a ; .A' GERALD GRAY SPEAKS AGAIN. Never again shall I be able, to say . that my . soul : loathes everything earthly, for at the supreme moment when the conspirators consented, to respite I 'my lifeffor awhile, Ifolt a Keen thrill : of joy -pass through me — a joy so intense that it shattered tlie . —few remnants of. nerves I possessed, and. drove ma " into deep, unconscious insensibility. But though my brain was wrapped in an impenetrable slumber, C ihy instincts prompted me to ; take food; to walk, to " answer questions, , and generally, to .conduct myself - Mike the thinking being I v.as not. ' ItVwas a curioiis . condition of inindVahd body, arid to this , day; I haya. -no iecollection of any singh> event that happened,, -.from the time of niy immediate fear of a violent death being removed, to the moment when I woka up to a knowledge of external things in tha v hospital of Ste. Maria. Then I learned so many new facts concerning niy previous history that I began to fear I had lost: my memory arid was not Gerald "Qray at all, but some poor creature who with; .' darkened mind had wandered to Paris hugging thev; /belief tliat he was a gentleman born and educated. lApEy -instance, my garrulous attendant found time to ffibm-methat I was <a .grocer's assistant -in the-' f/ltii '$?; Iiielletier, ; gnd that . when my., mind broke : j iqn my jpcater conyeyedime here,.pd here I had- i. . remained jifor tlie. liUt two. months ! .- .... '. . lit the'face,bf siicli evidence as this, it took me & : long time to convince myself of my reaT identity. ' Slowly, and by painfully imperceptible degrees, I \ realised thafc l had never studied the art of weigh ing out pounds of sugar or ounces of tea, and, hav- i iiig conie to this conclusion; Naturally desired to ba cb'nfrbrited with the 'nian who claimed ' to 'be my- ... master.1 A tedious' delay- -took 'place 'before my:;; request was granted. .Medical tests were applied to an irritating extent, and the doctors, finally went away congratulating themselves (not me) on such a. marvellous cure. 1 subsequently ascertained that., my case had presented so many extraordinary ' '. features that'I had been the- show patient to tlie : whole Faculty ;:Knd tluit I hacF even been honoured by a visit from the eminent Cliareot himself ! \- The result,, of .the qxauunatiop. was Rtl was at liberty to "depa#; as- soon as my . friends - chose to , fetch me, and I looked joyfully forward to once more taking my place in the world and claiming Ethel as my bride. For many hours 1 occupied my self .with these pleasing thoughts whilst enjoying the soft summer air in the garden attached,, to the hospital. Nothing but myspe£m.iles..conH<>n pre vented my leaving French hndv hasterimg on the wings of love and hoph to: heri whoGiad jbeem! my 'solace and comfort thrbiigh the' dark per ioti. of v. my illness. At last I worked myself into a perfect : fever at the thought of wasting so much valuable time,- and was meditating borrowing a sufficient sum of money from one of the doctors, when an attendant announced the arrival of; a. visitor, for ,me.> > . I followed nay conductor eagerly to the waiting- room, where I came face to- face with a man whose l features I dimly remembered. . You are not the grocer ? " I asked. He seemed much too aristocratic to follow a trade. . . "Your, penetration does you credit," he replied, . with a smile. "But first permit me to congratulate . you upon the really marvellous improvement your : ; sojourn in Paris has effected. I can hardly imagine you to be the ! same being whose., acquaintance I originally made in the purlieus of Sohq !" ' " It was riot a happy meetiii" I replie'a: ' "Good. heavens, I should think not!" answered my visitor, laughing. "I can assure you that it re quired all; niy influence., to prevent, thosq. rasckls from . sticking a dagger; Jnto you.';. Even i now, Cognisant as they are of your severe mental illness, they insist upon your staying in Paris, and. upon a careful watch heiug placed over you, lor fear that you might interest the police either of Paris or London in their behalf ! Indeed, I am here to communicate thriir resolution to. you; < Permit me to introduce myself therefore, as President Dubosque." "What! of the French. Republic?" 1 asked, smiling. "Of a secret society," he quietly whispered. "But I fail to tee what goodrmy detection can; , effect. I have never mixed myself up with politics, . and; never intend to. Surely my word of honour > not'.to'diyulge the few remarks I chanced to over- 4 hear on: that fatal evening will meet all the require- . .ments of. tlie case ? I can. remember confiding my history to you; and if it interested you sufficiently to remain in: your .memory, you can. see how . anxious I am to relieve the fears of my. uncle and — . and Miss Brandon." "It is an impossibility," replied Dubosque, in a freezing voice. " I am only the mouthpiece of my committee, and what it decides I cannot alter." "You seem to forget that I am not yet in ;your pfiwer, " I answered, considerably nettled at his tone. "What is there to prevent my calling for assistance arid denouncing you as a plotter against the safety of the State ? Indeed, this seems the best way of solving Hie difficulty." ; Dubosque made a sudden spring and was by my side in an instant, whilst the flash of steel warned, me; that; I had -a desperete:arita"gorii3t|; f If. you ; but' ' open your lips," or stir one inch towards the door without my permission, you are a dead . man," he hissed through teeth clenched by relentless deter mination. ; " \ A , . "Tell me what you expect of ine|";I'at last.gasped out. "Complete obedience . to every order the committee may impose upon you," replied ' Dubosque, still standing over me in a watchful attitude j with the hateful- looking knife in his hand. "Their original intention was that you should be placed in the custody of a grocer, who would pass you off as his assistant, but I pointed out that the-position was too degrading for a gentleman, and at last obtained per mission to lodge you in my own rooms. You must allow that I am not actuated by malice." :'I suppose I ought to thank you for the concession you obtained," I answered. /'But for goodness sake let. me know how long this surveillance, is to. last ? " "Until our ends are attained/or burst " like a bubble. But I think I can safely promise you your j liberty in five or six months." \ "I presume that I may be perriiitted to inform my ! friends that I still exist ?"T inquired. I " I regret that no communications can be allowed | to pass during the period you remain at niy guest," f was the unsatisfactory answer. j "But there is one person .to whom I must, write," , I exclaimed in an agony of mind. "Miss Brandon j must be informed that I am alive and well." | " I am prostrated with grief at having to refuse j even that request, but my orders are very precise. ! Come, Monsieur Gray — or rather Wilson, as you are j now called — resign .yourself to your fate, and I pro mise you it will not be a. very disagreeable one. Forget that you are the object of espionage, forget Hiat you are Gerald Gray, forget every incident that has happened up to the present moment, and remember only that you are Monsieur Wilson, my honoured guest. As such, I beg that you will do me the favour of stopping into my hansom — quite a ; novelty in Paris— and of deciding where we shall j dine and what theatre we shall patronise." ! What could I do but surrender ? The Frenchman's j politeness took flic edge off the bitterness, and I i acquiesced iu the inevitable with the best grace I j could muster. , j . i Before the day closed I had conceived ' a ; great j liking for my host, whose charming manners, tact, and delicacy were all exerted for the purpose of making me feel myself his guest and not his prisoner. It was only as I was going to bed that I remembered my actual position, and it was called forth by Dubosque himself; "I am sorjyvto obtrude anything unpleasant on you at this hour," he said, "but, as T do not wish to remind you of your captivity by placing a sentinel at your door, will you obviate'' this by giving me your word not to attempt an esc5p£. " I readily gaye tlii|red-Fkedge, and slept moire ; soubdlv; that night thaSfifySald. hove .deaned . \--posahde 'a-4' 'My. life in the gayrach.: £4(lllm . 5\. .. '" ' ' ' ' ' '-V! before, for my mental Illness had rendered me a hermit just at the period when I should have emerged into'society. I therefore now plunged into mild dissipations with a keenness and relish which brought a smile to Dubosque 's face and a declaration that my enthusiasm was most refreshing ! But-, not withstanding the incessant rounds of gaiety.and my host's extreme urbanity, I could not forget Ethel's lovely face, which always seemed to intervene between me and the full fruition of enjoyment. A month had passed away in the most charming cap- tivitv that a'prisoner could desire, when I noticed a peculiar alteration in Dubosque 's demeanour. He . ceased to meet me .with the cordiality he had always displayed, and there seemed to be a kind of re straint in liis manner which I was at a loss to account for. Indeed, I" frequently detected him in the act of looking at me as if he were struggling to repress a growing hatred for my society ! The more 1 pondered over his extraordinary altera tion of conduct, so much the less I became able to find a solution; and I am convinced I should have remained in the dark until the end of my captivity if a certain incident had not occurred which, though it afforded rid clue at the time, formed one link'; in the long chain of events that finally converged to gether to point out my road to happiness. One morning Dubosque presented himself before me, and in his usual manner profusely apologised for the sad necessity he was -under of leaving me solitary for the rest of the day. I was getting so used to these polite excuses that I looked up with a . smile and remarked that I hoped he would enjoy himself. "Ah, it is not pleasure I seek, but. this interminable business," he rejoined, somewhat nervously, I thought. ;. I was slightly incredulous, for J argueto myself thata man does hot, as a rule, explore the dingy recesses of a lawyer's office or even the Bourse in the most faultless «f costumes; and with a magni ficent posy of hot-house flowers in liis hand ! ; -My face must have. expressed something of what ' was passing in my mind, for Dubosque became em barrassed, and then, abruptly saying "Au revoir ," turned on his heel and hurried down the stairs. I sat for a long time musing over my friend's want of confidence, in me, and .then resolved, to take a walk. The Boulevards were very ' bright and ani mated this morning, and I derived much pleasure in watching the various graces or antics of my fellow- creatures as I passed along. Presently a thoughtful mood overcame me, and Ethel's image obscured the doings of the crowd ; I ceased to see any of the hurrying units, and/drily one fair face, miles away in London, was with me. I must have walked a considerable distance in this fit of abstraction, for when T at last roused myself I saw that I was in the RueJ|Chauss6 d'Antin. Now this was unfortu nate, for the Revolutionary Committee, whose prisoner I was, had for the last month issued orders restricting my liberty to certain parts of Paris on certain days. This was done, Dubosque informed me, to prevent my meeting arid recognising any of the conspirators whose secret duties took them to' Hie forbidden precirictsg The useof this road, 'hid ;> been denied niie :pn. tlu3|particula r, day . . - -A -A .1 wasVjfry.riiuch'arinoyed at having unwittirigly - broken my. parole, and accordingly hurried to place myself within bounds, but as I was doing so an open carriage drove past, in which were seated Dubosque, another gentleman, and a lady whose features bore a striking, ,- almost maddening, re semblance to those of Ethel Brandon ! I stood still, petrified with astonishment, and followed the carriage with my eyes until it turned -a corner and became lost to view. Could it be Ethel ? I trembled , with sudden fear as I asked, myself tlie question, rind horrible doubts and suspicions crowded into my \- mind, ; ; But. the .unreasonableness and utter ab- ' surdity of such ideas soon became manifest, and I strolled homewards with the firm conviction that tlie likeness between , this strange lady and Ethel ;Was only a curious coincidence.' , . ;, frlien Dubosque returned th'at evening, I felt it my duty to tell him how I had been unconsciously led to break, my. parole. "As long as you failed to . .recognise any of your Soho friends, I do.not think.. ; -it is of much consequence," he replied, sririliugly. "I do not suppose I could identify a single one of them if Idid meetjuiu,— -T-answerertr" "Weverthe— Iess",I sawyou" driving in a carriage." Dubosque turned his face full on me, and it bore a terribly anxious expression as he said, " Ah, yes ! I was in several carriages this morning. Was I i alone when you chanced to see me ? " . "No. You. had a lady sitting opposite to you whose face was the very duplicate of Miss Bran don's. So startling was the likeness that I was dumbfoundered for a moment; and could not get rid of the idea that she was here in Paris." As I spoke Dubosque became livid. He rose from his seat ostensibly to obtain a cigar, but in reality to conceal his change of countenance from riie. "My words seem to agitate you ! " I remarked. . He returned no answer for a minute, but busied himself in lighting the tagar, ; which apparently was a difficult task. Then he once again faced me with a dark inscrutable look which somehow I .did not relish. "I am agitated on your iaccount," he at i last said. "Now; when you. saw me with the lady, : was I not also accompanied by a gentleman ? " "Yes, you were." "Were his features familiar to you?" "Well, now I think of it, I fancy I had seen them .before. But I could not be certain, . for I was so occupied with, the lady that. I bad no time to. give ., him my attention." "I suppose it is only right to tell you," continued - Dubosque,. as if reluctantly, "that he has the power " of causing you considerable discomfort.' He knows »' you well, for he is one of my Committee ; and if he unfortunately caught sight of you in the Cbauss6 d'Antin, you may expect some harsher treatment than. you have hitherto experienced. /Our. rank and file are perfectly aware that I protect you because you are a gentleman. They ask themselves, ' Would he do the same for any one , of us ? ' and iuiswer it in the . negative. Therefore, a large amount of jealousy exists, amongst the members, slightly tinged with a thirst for blood " "Would it not be a good plan for you to connive at my escape ? " I asked. "I am weary of bondage, and am impatiently longing to see my friends." "I have thought of that, but it is too risky for me,'-'-, answered; Dubosque, " Besides, on your return to England you would simply be introduced to a lunatic asylum, where you would spend many weary months until released by the cumbersome ; processes of j law. ' I really can suggest nothing better than your continuing Itere and trusting that circumstances may be propitious. 7 " Your suggestion st eins the -only practicable one, "T replied. "But. I have a perfect tireaa of . being a drag upori you. Even now I imagine that your, politeness has brought you back to me to the detriment of engagements elsewhere." " Do not say that ! " exclaimed Dubosque quickly. . "I like you, and your youthful, candour is a good- medicine for a man who has dived deep into all the vices and follies that curse human nature." "But,". I answered, determined to have an ex planation of his various moods in his treatment of me, " I have frequently fancied that you have lately as often regarded me with ; liatred as with friend- J- ship." "Ah, ah, my good fellow!" laughed Dubosque lightly, " the expression of friendship was for your self and the look of hatred was directed against my sins. Now let me change the subject and seek diversion in this gay city. Come with me, put yourself into a metapliysical mood, and study human nature at its worst — and that is in a gamblingliell." "Where are we now" ? 1 asked, as half-rin«hour later our conveyance drew up in front of a brilliantly lighted portico in a not very fashionable part of Paris. i '.' This is the academy for the Study of metaphysics, lirit better known" as the Cercle des fiohemiem" replied Dubosque. "Within these wall'3 every passion and emotion that sway frail mortality have been acted with a terrible earnestness, arid with a vividness that has made even a cynic like' myself shudder. But, if I continue to talk in thirJ strain 1 shall begin to moralise, and if 'I begin to moralise I shall weary you and spoil your play — that! is, if you intend to tempt Dame Fortune." "You forget that I am a pauper and entirely dependent on your bounty," I answered, i "Not at all. Not at all," answered Dubosque. ; 'Of course tlie Committee defrays your expenses ii j .the same way that any Government would those o. "> t s' political .'prisoners, but .if . . aire on . ittfAt ot i-iouey, pray do not sqruplq to I tan hardly borrow when I have no means of repaying." "Ah, you English carry- your ideas of honour to an absurd length/' he replied. "You are apparently too proud to accept niy purse ; hence, I suppose, I must renew my oft or in another way. Very well then. I propose to lend you any sum you may require on your note of hand to be redeemed when you come into your property." I accepted this arrangement with gratitude, and then went with my friend to an inner Toom where a number of men and a fair sprinkling of women . were busily engaged at. Tren te-et-cjvavante. After watching the game for a' short, time' and' losing a few francs, Dubosque carried me off to effect my introduction to the manager and to make me free of the place. "The manager is absent for a little time," we were informed by a superbly dressed lady who was the sole occupant of the room. Dubosque shook hands witli her 'and announced me as his dearest friend. The lady glanced at me with curiosity, expressed her admiration of everything English, and then plunged into an animated conversation with my host, and evidently forgot, all about my existence. My want of occupation induced me to study this magnificent specimen of womanhood, and a very attractive investigation I found it ! As I looked at her face I recalled the conception I had formed of" Si'iniramis, the great. Queen— beautiful, imperious, inflexible, cruel, but utterly devoid of the faculty of' love. Yet there was a gleam in her wonderfully lus trous dark eyes that. would fascinate the most unim- passioned and lure him, Circe-like, to destruction, should he' permit himself to be drawn ever so little, into her toils. Impelled by the power of her eyes, I|gazed with a pleasureable dread of being be witched, and whilst my glance was still full upon lier, she observed me. For a moment her look was hard and resentful, but in another instant a woudrously slbft light played river, her features, and sli was transformed from a cruel' Semiramis to a sweet loving woman ! Such a rapid alteration, such a refutation of my first' impression, staggered me, and whilst I was endeavouring in a confused way to rearrange my- thoughts, she included me in the conversation. /- -. I noticed also another change in her manner. Whilst slie was talking to Debosque, her voice was loud and harsh," arid her bitter laughter frequent, whereas when she addressed me lier tone became gentle, almost caressing in its ; softness, and her laugh was sweet, and genuine. Dubosque : himself remarked the difference; and acknowledged his dis covery ,vdtb an amused smile which only served to draw upon him a scornful look. - . - My friend, had told me that I "should find the< gambling club a splendid school for metaphysics,, and I fpund that lie had spoken tlie truth though riot in the sense lie had intended. In tlie miserable absorption of the gambler I , took no' interest, although I was obliged to play in order to have some rahon d'etre for my constant attendance at the house. " T was very unsuccessful at the - tables ; and soon found myself a loser to a considerable ; amount, but this I only regarded as a necessary , preliminary to the very pleasant society of Julie do '; Savigny. . I could not disguise from myself the profound in terest with which she inspired me. . Within a very few days, we had become almost confidential and the bright look with which she invariably received ma made me loathe myself for having dared to compare her to the cruel Assyrian Queen. For me slie had always a tender expression and a! soft; -low voice like the gentle miirniur of 'a srimmer sea, and as time rolled on the bitter laugh and the scoffing jest were less frequently hurled at Dubosque ; and tlie rest of her male friends. ' : Before long she told me her little sad history— how she was the daughter of a colonel ' who when he died had left, her, an orphan, to the' charge of her mother's brother, Le Maitre, who. was the manager of the club. Her childhood had chiefly been passed within its precincts where she had had to associate with dissipated men and women whose only god was the roulette table. What wonder then that I had mistaken a girl perpetually on the defensive > for something very beautiful but very cruel ! ; This is what she insinuated, "and I felt its truth. "But you have improved, Jqfce, since I first knew -you," I remarked. iter raar irgiitea up-with pleasure. "Ah, mon sieur,! am natural with you/' she replied, "I read your face on tlie evening you were introduced to me, and knew at once that I had not a man of the world to be on iriy guard against, b A; that I was in the presence of a simple, innocent gentleman." This tribute to. the innocence of my youth wa not so pleasirig to me as it ought to have been . It 'is not chic in Paris to be thought simple, hence my training caused me to rebel against Julie's estihiate of my character. Perhaps I was intemperate in my method of explaining this to her, but I was astonished tc find that she received my answer with a burst ol . tears ! ' : "I am sorry, Julie, if I have said anything U . offend you !" I exclaimed, aghast at this climax tc an otherwise pleasant . visit. | She threw herself onlthe sofa and continued to sob. How beautiful she looked in the abandon of grief I could scarcely imagine Venus capable of assuming such a perfect attitude or of being so enchantjng! lovely. As she still continued speechless I advancec to the sofa, took her hand in mine, and knelt besidi her. "Come, Julie, dear! Dry your eyes. It. dis tresses me to see you like this." ; By, a sudden movement she disengaged her hand . flung'her arm'round my neck,': arid, bending iriy; faci do.wn to hers, murmured, " I love you!" Atthii interesting moment the door was opened, and Li. Maitre eritered the room. He stopped short as hi perceived the situation, uttered an : apology- for. hii intrusion, and beat a hasty retreat. (To be continued.) '. '/ . Why is an .old horse put up to sale like an errfcna- boy ?--Because he'll go for what he'll fetch. A I Why is a man paying his -debts like a father gyiing " to see his children ? — Because he meets.liis.".resj3on- sibilities ! " , , . , li cheese coiriesi: after riitat; ? wMt'; conies aftei chefeso ? ; "Jlcm't you-eee ?T-A;moure. ( / When is a horse like a herring?— When he', is hard rode((rqed) A - ... ' ' . ; '. Wir'is the common cliord in music like a portion Of .the Mediterranean ?-r-Because it's E<;G and G (Hilgeari Sea). i $ w hen. . is _a gate like an .odd phrase in liui'c?— WThen' it:'has tjiree ba toit.'; When-: a. rin tell 'you tfuit": he is, berfectly ''con tented, he. means; in nine cases out. of ten,' .-that after thinking the matter all over, lie does not "see liow he can' 'get anything more. - A Everything Takes .Time. — Modem Matron: " VVlio is tliis Mr. Hugliard, my dear." Mciclern Daiigliter: " How should I know, ma? I've only been engaged :to him a week ?" ,AfBS... Oliifidget is much worried about her daiigliter.' Tlie other night she kissed lier, and tlie -youiigdady murmured in her sleep: " Oh, Charlie, yqii've shaved off yoiir uioustaelie ! ' ' : Tommy': " Maiinua, can't you tell me a hew fairy story F; Mrs. Figg: "I don't know any new ones, Tommy.' Maybe your father will tell you some when he coihes in to-night." Books are aniong man's truest consolers. Iriythe hour of afiliction, trouble, or sorrow, lie can turn to them with confidence and trust. A true man of honour feels humbled himBelf when, owing to circumstances beyond liis control, he caimot help humbling others. " I think," said Gertrude to Algernon, " that you and .pa- will become better acquainted in tiine." " Yes," iyas the reply, " I noticed last night that your father seeined anxious to get on an intimate footing with me." Harry : . " What wouidyop think of a y.oiing woman that married for money?". Kate: "That would depend upbn circumstances/' Hairy : "For instance?" Kate : " Whether it: was I or some other 'young woman." "Are they heirs-at-law?" inquired an attorney of one of his clients interested in an inheritance. " At law ?" was the explosive response. " Well, I should . say they were. They've busted the old man's will all to thunder." i En Rapport.— Mrs. Grumps': "If that stranger yon were talking to said nothing to you about liis wife, how do you know lie is married?". Mr. Grnmps : " Oh, he -looked so '' sort o' sympathetic when I told him I was." / And No Stitcii. — An eminent surgeon says that with four cuts and a few stitches he can alter a man's face so his own mother would not know him. That's nothing. Any newspaper in this country can do that much with only oue cut. A. : " I wondbr what Jflfo off Tom's engagement js- . to Oalta?" B.: " h5E ; /'nmthewAed to be aAMrit frightend -iklm | 