A VISIT TO A BLACK WATTLE DISTRICT IN VICTORIA. [Bt J. A. F.] I formerly lived several years in the Geelong district, and after an absence of a quarter of a century 3 lately paid the old place a visit. I was quite staggered to find to how great a degree of importance, the wattle-bark industry had attained, and what a revolution it had created in the fortunes of the land-holding population. I landed at Queenscliffe from the pleasure steamer Hygeia, but as I arrived before my letter of notice no one was there to meet me; but that was more of an advantage than otherwise, as I bad leisure to look about me. In going through the town a strange feeling came over me—a feeling winch clung to me more or less during my stay in the locality. I felt as if my return after so many years was like that of the ghost of some one long dead permitted for a time to revisit the scenes wherein he acted his little part while in the flesh. Not one house could I recognise, not a signboard showed a familiar name. Manv of the people I met had not been born when before I trod these streets and lanes, aud everything was new. The old time had vanished, leaving not a trace behind. The people stared at the stranger, who neither wanted lodgings nor a cab, and who knew where he was going. Pushing westward, I was soon in the country, and beyond their attentions. Running along the ocean shore, to the Barwon Heads, but separated from it by a range of high sandhills, there is a flat just above sea leveL It is about half a mile wide, and is remarkable for the fact that it is fertile, while the country further back is barren. I was struck with the appearance of wealth and comfort in the homesteads. It was plain to be -seen money was not scarce. I saw some very expensive fences, constructed of timber not grown within many miles of the place. Sheds and stables were all substantially built, aud roofed with iron. Wire-netting (for the terrible rabbit is multitudinous hjre) was freely used and secured to sawn timber. On a" little rise I passed a grove of sheaoaks, arid one tree of a species of acacia whose name 1 do not know. It is large, with drooping leaves, and beating beautiful blossoms of the colour of bamisiied opper. It is stripped for the market, but the merchants do not like the bark. It passes, however, «ith that of the black wattle if mixed together. The sheaoaks are not quite the same as those of South Australia; the leaves are shorter, with less droop. I pass on out of this fertile fiat ou to the rising ground inland, and find myself among the wattles at once. I notice that not only are they barked, l-iit they are also cat up into firewood. I pass tie paddock whose owner so values his wattles that he has notices jxisted up threatening trespassers with the penalties of the law. The wattle land consists of sand with just enough clay to bind it. Beneath this is a subsoil of yellow elav of Great depth. Both soil and subsoil are very barren in an agricultural sense, and will grow nothing without manure. Thei® is certainly a good growth of grass on the land, but it is coarse and is poor fodder. Milch cows and nursing mares must be fed with cliaff and oats or their equivalent, or they mil in a very short time become so poor that they can scarcely drag themselves along. The fault with tho land is a great lac-k of phosphates. The behaviour of the cattle shows this. Nob only do they chew bones, but clothing, old bags, old rope, are eagerly hunted up. A woman cannot bail up a cow without a stick in her hand. I have seen a cow tear a woman's apron off while, being driven to the milking bail, and another time I saw a cow come up behind an old Irishman, who was sitting on a fence with his coat-tail drooping gracefully behind him, and catching her mouthful, she gave a great duck, and brought Paddy to the ground on the broad of his back. The subsequent proceedings and the languaee used may be imagined. Men working in the field must hang their coats high, or thev will never see them again. I remember one young fellow going home to dinner and leaving his \- aistcoat in the fork of a honeysuckle, and. aa a w f bethought, -ut of the reach of anything four- j footed. C- 'iainsr back he fouud two cows just finishing bus garment, and smelling tround for j fragments. One of them had just spat his j watch out—not before chewing it somewhat— but his albert chain ho never saw again. Though I formerly knew every acre of the country about here, yet the chaiiges are so many that I do not find my way so easily as I had thought. I take 'he right turn-off, however, and am soon close to my destination. The houses I used to know are gone. I may here say that during my stay in the district I did not find one house standing that was in existence twenty-five years ago, but better ones are in their places. The roads and lanes, however, remain, and I identify the old places in spite of their new surroundings. The strange feeling that I am playing ghost grows stronger than ever within me as I pass spots where once familiar dwellings stood, and of which not a vestige remains, and on whose sites the all important wattle flourishes. At last I stand before my old home—or rather the house built on its site— for it, like all it6 companions, is gone. They do not see the prodigal afar off ; there is no running to meet him, so I open- the gate and walk up through the apple-treea to the door. My voice raised in explanation tothesomewhat deaf old lady whom I encounter, and who fails to recognise me, at once brings a- young sister from some remote part of the house, and a muscular young brother—toddlers both when last I saw them—comes out from the thicket of apple foliage, and they both declare that they recognised him from Ms family likeness to another brother's. There is great shaking of hands, and questions fall thick and fast. They do not kill tne fatted calf, but some jexcellent beefsteak is cooked for the occasion^ and the choicest apples are called for me. . Next morning I walked over to sec an old friend, who had developed into a wattle-master of some importance. He showed me his stock, including a huge Berkshire boar and a line Alderney bull; also his orchard, patches of sorghum, &c.;, but all these things were as nothing beside the wattle. In reply to my questions, he said he did. nothing for the wattles—they grew themselves. "Oh, yes, they are the better for beingfeneed off, but they did very wcllleft to shift for themselves. Rabbits did not interfere with them, but were nuisance enough with regard to the spots he cultivated." " What is the value of land liere; not its boom value, but its value as wattle land ?" I asked. " Well, £7 or £8 an acre. I would not sell any of mine at £S, but I am open to buy at £?." " Why, it can never pay to cultivate this poor land, and it at that price!" I exclaimed. " Neithor it does," he replied : " I only crop as far as my stable manure goes. It takes a heavy dose of bonedust to raise a crop here. I buy oats and hay ; the wattles pay for everything." "Do the cattle here eat clothing and old bags as they did in days of yore':" "Sly wordj ust take off your coat and hang it on the fence there near the bull if you waut your doubts resolved." I was willing: to take my friend's word, however, and leaving him I hurried back, as I had made an appointment with my father to visit with him a fertile tract of land a few miles awav as I wished very much to see the onion harvest; which was then at that place drawing to a close. 1 lound the lwvse - in tu$ - wagyaette, and we started at once. A turn to tUe left, I and we reach a mam road running north, I winch we take. " The fitst paddock to our left is as full of well-grown wattles as it can well be, yet we can hear the sound of axes cutting up the barked poles into short lengths for firewood. Nothing is wasted; even the twigs are boiled down for the tan liquor. 'The residents admit their indebtedness to South Australia for this idea. The paddock on onr right is tolerably clear of wattles, but there ia a thick stubble of stumps. I am surprised at the nnmber of houses and the abundance of human life. Can all these people live on the wattle industry? Yet, sa.ving the carting of firewood—always a miserable game—and the onions grown a few miles further over, there is no other source of income. Twentv-fivo years ago I left this district with many other young men because a livinc could not be got from the land; plenty of holdup were abandoned unsaleable, and now it is a land of plenty. Truly this land of Australia has wonderfully recuperative! powers, and we, its inhabitants, should never despair. We soon come to the gully along which the railway from Geelong to Queenscliffe runs, and find ourselves out of the wattles for a short time. The soil here is a blue sand, and where not cultivated is overgrown with ferns. Ir. will not grow wheat without heavy dosas of bonedust, but good crops of potatoes— small, but very sound—will grow if thenewssarv nitrogen be fed to thorn. No one here has tried kainit, nor has any one tliat I spoke to ever heard of the article. The holdings are small; and, besides potatoes, vegetables are largely grown : but more as a saving of household expense than as a source of income. The whole of the houses are built of weatherboards with orick chimneys, as building stone would have to be brought a long distance, and would be very expensive. A little further ou we come to the Wesle\ 'an 'Chapel, also built of weatherboards, with the young wattles encroaching on its grounds, and even ou its footpaths. I enquire of n:y venerable relative about the former dwellers of this part, all of whom I knew in the past. Most of them are gone, he tells me, but a sprinkling remain, and are now well off. I enquire about a certain pretty little, house and garden, with a beautiful whitethorn, gracefully trimmed, foiling the whitc-curtained front windows. " The house LS gone, but the thorn stands there yet. We'll come to it directly." We do come to it directly, grown bigger, of course, but all its grace and beautv gone, and the young wattles throttling it like weeds. As for the house, not even the outlines of the foundation remain. A little further and we c-ome to a nice bit of scenory. In the davs gone by the sheaoak was the first tree to go. It was cut down for the sake of its fodder foliage, and also because its wood was the most saleable fuel in these parts, but here we had a section on which all the other timber had been cut and the sheaoaks preserved. The effect is very fine. I become more convinced than ever that the sheaoak is not quite the same as ours. Not only is the leaf shorter and more upright, but the body of the foliage is of a different form, the apex being more pronounced and the lateral spread less than with ours. There is another pretty tree here also that used to be veiy abundant b it is now scarce. It is locally called " heoak," but must not be confounded with the " bulloak" of the Wimmera district nor the "blackoak" of our dry northern plains. It is somewhat between a sheaoak and a pine in appearance. Its timber is valuable for laths, as it splits straight, and that is. no doubt, the reason of its present scarcity. We drive on, and soon the quality of the land improves, yet still the all-important wattle prevails. The bark of course is gone, and now the wattle masters are cutting up the wood. There are stacks of it everywhere. -I am surprised that there should be a market for so much light wood. But Geelong is a big town, and there are several townshipsof decentsizenot faraway. The wattle-wood is much prized by bakers. We now reach the slopes of the Meredoc hills, and the black soil shows in patches, but no onions yet. A little further ll the land is black —black as any kettle. No attles here, the land is too good—too valuable or their culture. We see patches of sorghunij and beet, and spots where peas have been I grown. We pass a farmhouse, elegantly built, .with extensive ehede and stables, but with only a rick of hay and no straw. They, no doubt, buy chaff and oats with their onion money. We can see the land on which the onions had been grown, but the harvest is "home," and what is not sold is now stored away in one of those large barns. The land on our right is laid down with artificial grasses, on our left the black soil is covered with onion peel. I still hope, however, to see the process of harvesting the onions. It w an industry that has risen to importance during my long absence from the district. When I was here last wheat was the crop, with oats and barley. Now there is no sign, no track of either stringbinder or stripper; and as for haystacks, they are simply conspicuous by their absence. We now come to a number of men who axe metalling the'road; they have sunk deeply to get the necessary stone. I jump ont to have a look. The soil is about two feet in depth-—it is a retentive clay —and then the rock is met with. It is grev in colour, very brittle, and is easily worked with the pick. I always understood the black onion land overlaid basalt, but this rock is certainly something different. I am sorry to confess mv ignorance, but I do not know the stone j I never saw any such in South Australia. We go further, and to my delight we come to several fields of onions not vet harvested, but with men and boys hard atwork. I walk over to the nearest group, consisting of one man and two boys. The man eyes me suspiciously, no doubt taking me for a hawking fiend of some sort, but a? soon as I explain that _ I am a brother clod from a far country, nothing could exceed his civility. "'Information! Oh, yes: IHgive you as much information as you can carry away with you. Well, this here piece is going 140 bags to the acre— that's 10 tons, and they're worth £2 tho ton at Bellerine Station, or 35s. here as they stand. Oh, yes; that pays veiy welL Well, the land varies a little. This is worth about £70 an acre, but I wouldn't sell at that. Manure Oh, no; we don't manure the onions." "Do you grow any potatoes ?" " Oh, yes; I grew some over there. They went about 8 tons to the acre. Yes, I give them a little bonedust; just a sniff, about 3 cwt. to the acre." I inwardly wonder what he would call a sufficient application if 3 cwt. is only a "sniff." "Did you ever try potash to your potatoes?" "No, nor ever heard of anybody else that did. I know that bonedust doeew't do them much good; but it does for the next crop." My new acquaintance now thought it was his turn, and we changed places. If 1" wis staggered with his figures, so was he with mine, and I could see that he did not believeme when I told him we could make wheatgrowing pay at 6 bushels an acre. While I am answering" his questions I run my eyes over the field* and notice how the crop is gathered. The onions arc pulled by hand, and laid in swaths to dry. In a few days they are ready. A boy holds the bag open, one man 60s the dishes, while the other (who may be a boy) tumbles the onions into the bag. In Ming the disk BUign lias its withered top rubbed off before behitf dropped in. This weans a lot of work, yet a crop worth £20 an ae»e will pay for work and care toft I now go hack to the wagonette and we drive on, and Soon pass out of the onion but seeing a wagon load of onions being unloaded into a shed, I again get out and walk over. I am again welcome to any information -r ..... * • . . . . * I Walit, and to see how the onions are stored. The shed is L»uilt of weatherboards, and roofed with palings. A ho'e Jias b&etl; fflade in the roof, through which the onions are tumbled out of the bags. One young fellow is in among them, building them up to the ridge pole. He is literally swimming in ouions. The elder of the trio, whom I rightly guess to be the owner, in answer to my questions, tolls me that his crop runs eight tons of ouions to the aero, which at £2 a ton mys very well, but he is holding for a rise. I tell him the story of the •Belalie farmer, who in the early days of that district, for three or four years, sold his wheat as sooned as reaped, only to exjjerience the mortification of seeing it rise in the winter. Then lie built a great barn, and held all his wheat, and for several vears lost about a shilling a bushel by it. " I've done that too," said the onion-grower. " but I like to hold some." " What is the vaiue of the onion land?" "Well, I've known it to bring' £75, but it varies. You might get some of it for £50, certainly not less. This here is worth about £8, but of course it wou't grow onions. We nearly all hold land on the fiat here, the onion land is too valuable to build on." "Do you grow wheat at all?" "Oh. no—not for many years. You could not make it pay with laud so dear. We do grow a bit for hay now and then, but it's risky on account of rust.'" " When formerlj- you did grow wheat, what sort was the most rust- resisting?" "Well 1 like Yellow Tuscan best." I bid good-by to m v new acquaintance, and as we drive away 1 look back at the black but comely Meredoc slopes, and reflect ou the strange ups and downs that fertile patch of land—about ten square miles, I should S:LV— has experienced. When bought from the Go vernment I do not know, but it was leased out to fanners about the year 1.S53, at the handsome rental of £1 per acre. At first the crops of wheat were enormous—fortv and fifty bushels—but they soon became beautifullvless, and, the land laws becoming liberalized, the tenants took themselves off to pastures new, and for a time some of the places were deserted and the few freeholds were unsaleable at any price. Then about tho year lSliU it was discovered that large crops of onions Mould grow on the black slopes and a flood of prosperity set in, and there is no sign of an «bb a* yet. W e drive on through the-town of Bellerine, and turning round to the south make our way home again. I see nothing fresh on the wav, but am astonished at the large jwpulation the country supports. There are houses everywhere, and no such thing as poverty about any of them. The men I see are strong, healthy, and eagerly going about their business; the women are tidy and well dressed. As for the houses, though I don't- care much for weatherboard as a building material, vet they are roomy and comfortable, and many of them elegant. Water is conserved iu tanks and dams as springs are scarce, but as the, rainfall averages about 2G inches, and as there is newly always a good fall or two in tho summer, a scarcity of the precious fluid seldom occurs. The next day I had to go back to Melbourne but took a run in the morning with mv brother over the neighbourhood. We first vis.'te J the site of an orchard and vineyard in which I had worked in the far-away times of mv vonth. ±he house, yards, shed, and fencing had vanished, aud we could only fix the site by a little dam. It was indescribably sad to stand on the grave of a former life, and tho strange uncanny feeling that I w plnving ghost, again rose up within me. " Where are all those splendid damson - trees';" I asked. "Where are the vines?" "Gone—all gone" There is an old apple-tree in that bunch of wattles—that is all that is left." I w ent uver to the spot indicated, and there indeed wa* a well-grown old tree, but in a dying state. Who would plant trees after my experience? All around the poor old thing the wattles crowded—a magnificent thicket. There were several silver wattles among their black-barked cousins. This is, in my opinion, one of the most beautiful trees in the world. It is not the silver wattle of South Australia, nor anything like it. The leaf is very little bigger than a a pm b head, and they crowd together in gracefully formed .spikes. The bark is not so good as that of the black wattle, but they are barked together, notwithstanding the protests of the merchants. The blossoms are white, but not over pretty. There is another acacia that grows in these parte, but only on the most barren places—a little miserable blotched thing of a foot in height, which in the proper season throws out a few blossoms of transcendent beauty. Frost is not whiter, nor burnished silver more lustrous than its dainty flowers. I desired to see another such site of a ruined vineyard and orchard, aiid my brother led me through the scrub of wattles to where twa exotic. pinetrees stood without the least sign that ever the ground around them had been cultivated. " These are the two' pines that stood at Old H-'s gate. Doat you remember them?" It was tho same story —house, trees, vines, gone with a dean sweep, all we could find was a blackbwiy bush, but the irrepressible black wattle/wa* . thriving on the ruins of the fruit plants, and substantial wealth was growing out of desolation. My ramble over, we get into the wagonette aud drive to Queenscliffe. On the way, the eita of another old vineyard is shown me. It is now laid down in artificial grasses, the soil being fertile, but all that remains of its former state is an alder bush in the fence. W® arrive at Queenscliffe Pier in good time, and soon I part from those with whom I fain would have remained, and the swift Hygei* • bears me away to the crowded streets of marvellous Melbourne. 1 confess that I am very much impressed with the importance of the wattle-back industry. I know there are parts of South Australia where it thripoe as well, if nok better, than in Victoria, but the question is, can it be extended'! Hitherto wattles have thriven in spite of adverseconditions; can they be successfully cultivated injjlaees where they do not voluntarily grow? With cultivation will they grow with a smaller rainfall than obtains in the established districts '! In Kangaroo Island, Southern Yorke's Peninsula, and Port Lincoln wattles would without doubt thrive if the proper soil in selrctr-d. They like a sandy soil with a day fwttom, hut I have seen them growing on deep alluvium and on other soils. I strongly advise all farmers to try a wtnall plot. If they thrive —well, very well indeed; if not. there will bo litt-lc loss. 