The Black Lady. PAK'; !¡ I never liked Aviuir<\ iu. 1 ¡ .. ? iltl hive knocked him. down for two ¡ i a just then. After breakfast I m¡tii.-,s'C'l to detach Mr9 Sinclair from tho rest-with- out much diflieulty. for tho openly avowed her dishku for women's society -and wo sailed off to tho billiard-room together. For a quarter of ¡in hour or so we played billiards, and (han-but perhaps you havo played a let6-à tête game of billiards with a pretty woman, «nd know how it usually ends.. Anyhow, in about twenty minu'.oi tho r-wo stood at thirty-two Bevon, .in I was sittiög on tho corner of the tublo while Mrs. Sinclair atood by mo leisurely dosing tho tip of her cue with chalk. ! * What do you think of Mrs. d'Eaterre ?' eho said. Now, I was no*; inclined to criticism my friend's wifo ia his own- house, so I simply answered that 1 thought her very good-looking ; which was perhaps not tho beat thinp I could have said, considering to whom I was taikiug. 'Do you know, I sometimes feel very uneasy about Mr d'Esterrc and bis wi'«,' she continued ; 'they don't eeeni to-to hit it off, you know.' * I've never ho-ird of their quarrelling,' I eai'l. 4 Bah ! You mon are EO dense ! Can't you seo that they hardly ever speak to each ot her Y * Why, I heard them talking last night about the invitations for a dinner parly nest week.' 'Oh, I don't mean that, Of course, they must keep up appearances. Except for that they midlife just be eix thousand miles apart, as I and my husband are.' * Yes ; that is very much on you ; rougher still OJ Mr. Sinclair,' I B»id, glad of a chance to switch tho conversation off to another topic. 'I don't know,' she answered, examin- ing tho tip of her cue. * Men can go about and havo a good timo. It's very different for UH poor women, who hove to ¿tay at home alono. I don't know why 1 should talk to you liko this,; but you c/in sympathise with nie, can't you V 40f courao I can, my dear-Mrs. Sin- clair (confound it ! what was her Christian nnme 7). I am afraid you will find me a poor substitute, but-I don't think Ï should rub chalk on my nose ; dries the ßkin up, you know. ' ' I don't quite know what I had started to SBy. Anyhow, I didn't say it, and w« went on playing billiards-for a bit. When tho luncheon boll rang we were still playing more or less, and the score was 47-13. Mrs. d'Eaterre appeared for the first time that day at lunch, She had had & headache, ßho ß«id, and had spent the > morning in her roora. At all events, every trace of headache had gone by this ,timo, and aho talked with more anima- tion than'I had ever noticed in her before. And yet, somehow, her high apirits an- noyed me, for the idea forced itself upon me that her nature warmed up in pro- portion to her distance from her husband. Certainly, when her face lit up, it wat one cf the most perfectly beautiful faces ] I had ever seen ; but, was it only fancy, or waa there in the dark eyes that same uncanny look which lay in fhe eyes of the picture over tho m»ntlc-pieco, a sort oí . dit satisfied look, aa though the owner of them had been looking for something all her life, and was still looking, but had failed to find .it 1 I have only seen that expression in the eyes of one or two women, and they were all wives who were disappointed-or disappointing. Mrs. d'Esterre seciped to know what I was thinking about, for she bioko ofj suddenly, and sail : 1 Ah, you are comparing me with thai portrait. Many people .have said it is like mo.' ' Men Dieu ! I hope not,1 said Avadro. 'She came to a bad end.' 'But che deserved it,' said Mrs. Sin- clair. . Didn't she deceive her husband Y Mrs. Sinclair waa always very severo on conjugal infidelity. . Perhaps she could not afford to ba charitable. 'Yea, she dpaorved it, perhaps,'said Avadro; 'for iho was a fool. She married a boor." It was an innocent enough remark, no doubt ; but I could not help thinking that it was aimed at Lancelot d'Edterre ; and, what was moro, I could not help thinking thatoveryone else at the table was thinking the same thing. An uncomfortable pause followed, during which Avadro looked calm'y at his plato, and Mrs. d'Esterre crumbled hor broad, until Avadro asked, * What time will the gentlemen return from the hunt? And the conversation flowed on again without any further allusion to the Black Lady. After lunch I lit a cigar and Btrolled out to the stables to see how my huntora were going on. As I passed thc dsawing-room windows on my return, I heard Mrs. d'Esterre singing-ono ol Avadro's sentimental songs-and Avadrc was accompanying her. And when Mrs. Sinclair, and I passed the door an hom afterwardsonourwayoutinto,thepark,thoj were still playing and Binging. What an absurd thing it is* for a man to fiddle away his time like that with a woman, -With me, of 'conreo, it was different. It was an off day, we were going out on the chance* of meeting the men returning. Somehow me missed them. At about 10.30 in tho evening the billiard room began to fill. Someone \- suggested a game of pool. Besides the men who were staying in the house, there was tho village curate, who had come in tc dinnor. ' Where's Avadro ? ' asked Braginton. 'He wanted to play. Oh, hero he ia. Hurry up, Avadro ; here's your bill.' 'I am sorry to keep you waiting, said Avadro, 41 just went to my room tc gat-' ' . ' No apologies needed,' interrupted the hook-nosed man, who was standing jual bjjhind bim ; ' hore ia your excuse, and ii is quite sufficient.' And he drow from Avadro's shoulder i long golden thread of woman's hah". Everyone laughod except the curate who maintained a beooming gravity Avadro turned fiercely upon the hook nosed man ; but tho latter, with a placic : smile, was winding the captured thread round and round his forefinger. Jt's black, gentlemen,' he said, ' blaûi as my hat. jïow willoh of the maids hat black hair?' NC one seemed to know anything aboul the color of tho maids hair, or at leas! would not Bay they didi And so the game proceeded. Presently the curate blurtod out : I heal that your ghosb has been seen again, Mr. d'Eaterre.' ' Who says so Y aBked d'Esterre, stop ping in his stroko andjlooking up. ' Oh, one of the ladies told me this evening, Mrs. Sinclair, I think. One oi tho servants saw her last night gliding along tho corridor, and had a dreadfu fright.' . * By-, I'll put a bullet through hei if I soe ber,' said d'Esterre, his face ai pale as death. 'Never saw you miss an easy strok Jike that before, Avadro,' Baid the -hook nosed man. * What's the matter witl your Tho curato shuddered, and dropped tb Bubject. D'EBtorro was not usually a very super stitioua man ; but this allusion to th' Black Lady had an extraordinary effac . upon him. He had loat.his nerve com pletely, and played abominably. In i very short time he had lost his thre lives. * You can star, you know, d'Esterre, said Braginton, wno was standing by th marker. '.No, I don't think I will,' he answered and went out of the room. Whon he came in again moat of th men had gone off to bed ; oDly Bragintoi and I were left, taking our nightcap am talking over to-morrow's meet. D'Esterre lit a cigar, and, turning ti me, said : * Will you come np into my dressing room before you tarn in t I want to eponk to you.' . 1 am ready no«?, old fellow,' I eaid. ' Como along.' Wo went upstairs, and into a cosy dressing-room off tho big corridor. It was comfortably furnished, with an easy chair or two about, books on tho walls, and a bed in tho corner. .Yes, thtso are my quarters,' ho Baid ; 1 Mrs. d'Esterre's are at the end of the corridor.' -1 Now then,' I said, as I settled myself in an easy-chair. . Look hore, old fellow, what do you know about this cursed ghost ? Are any .f the men up to their pranks V 'I don't think st»,' I replied-' nt leabt ! they have told mo nothing about it.' ¡ And thou I rt)l*ted~lho story of Mrs. Sinclair's muid, extcfcly as I had heard it that morning. *? Well,' ho said, .Tm going to get to the bottom of it. I shall sit up to:nighfc and watch.' 4 My good ffllow,' I exclaimed, ' y«u don't muan to toll me you heitere these ridiculous servants' tales t ' 'But doa't you understand? You know the story connected with tho Black Lady. Can't you see what thia means for me Y I nodded, seeing what he was driving at ; but it was an awkward subject. He rote and began to walk up and down th« room. ' Have you ever been in love, old chap V ' Ï had imigined myself in that condition several times, and admitted it. . Then you know, parhapa, what it is It's bad enough in any casa ; but. to be in love with your own wife is the very devil ! If you can't make a woman fond of you before marrying her, you'll never do it afterwards ; remember that, my boy. I was a fool, and forgot it.' * But suroly, Lancelot, sha doea ' - . * She doesn't. I'm not good enough for her. I can see that.' * . My d«ar fellow, what more, can a woman, want-the boat gnntleman rider in tho country-good-looking-rioh 1 ' ' Faugh ! Hus nothing to do with it. I'm good for nothing but cattle-breeding and foxhunting. I can't talk about rausio »nd pictures, and play the "piano like-like s ¿me fellows can. I tell you, I'vo often thought lately of chucking up everything and getting out of England join the Cape Mounted Bides or some- thing, and leave her here. She'd be happier. Bur, forgive me, old boy, I shouldn't be talking like this to you, but I'm a bit off color to-night.' 'All right. Well, if you're going to sit up, I'll stay with you.' .No. Better not.' 4 But I shall. I'm not going to leave you to confront the powers of darkness alone.' He hesitated for a moment ; but seeing I meant to stay where I wa?, he yielded. ' Well, put on that overcoat ; you'll find it cold outside.' Then stepping to the door, he opened it gently. All was dark outside. We had heard Braginton come upstairs a quarter of an hour ago. ' You seo that window oppoBito î There is a seat behind the curtains ; we can nit there and command tke whole corridor.' I slipped across to the window, pulled aside the curtains, and sat down. D'Esterre stepped back into- hi3 room foi a moment, when I saw him go to a drawer, take something out, and put it in his pocket. Then he joined me in the window seat, and we sat togethei silent in the darkness. " At first I could see scarcely anything, except the two streaks of moonlight which fell across the floor from the twe windows between us and the end of thc corridor ; but as my eyes grew accus tomed to the darkness strange shadowf seemed to assert themselves, and well known objects took to themselves weiro and uncanny shapes. Moreover, strang« noises made themselves Heard - those noises' which one never seems to hear bul at night. OÙC-Q I heard a creak close al my elbow, which mide me start and lool round ; but there was nothing to be seen, Altogether, I began to find it nasty, i nervous work looking for ghosts'. Sud ! denly tbero seemed to be a movement in j one of the shadows. D'Esterre neticeu it, for I felt him place his hand on my ! arm. I nudged him to show I was ! watching. Then something detached j itself from the shadow, and seemod to« he gliding or creeping along the corridor. My heart was in my mouth as I waited for it to cross the Btraak of light. AB it reached the window, I felt d'Esterre give a violent start,'for he had seen, as I had seen, a tall figure draped in black, which was gliding straight towards the door at the end of tho corridor. I can remember but little of what passed next, for a cold horror seemed to creep about my heart, and take away my power of thought or movement. I can remem- ber that the figure paused for an instant at the door-at Avadro's door. I can re memberd'EBtnrre Btartingup witha broken [cry, and standing for an instant with his arm pointed toward the figure.- I can re- member a flash, a report, after which the figure1 had changed to a confused heap upon the floor. I can remember rushing wildly up the corridor and Soding Avadro, white and scared, kneeling over the prostrate figure ; and bow d'Esterre, an instant afterwards, had hurried him away and was bending down over his wife. * * * Of course, there was an inquest. I was the principal witness, for d'Esterre was in a raging fever. 1 described the ghost scare, and how we had Bat up together watching, and the jury decided that it waa an accident. For my own part, I have been wondering ever since that awful night whether d'Esterre' knew what he was shooting at. - Modern Society.^ ~ [THE END,] The following figures may serve for a bird's-eye view of the growth of the mercantile marine of England :-In the year before the battle of Cutloden the ships that left and arrived in the port of Liverpool were 425, with an average of less than 50 tons per ship. On Wednes- day last, in one hour, four ships repre- sented an aggregate tonnage which was considerably in excess of the entire out- ward tonnage of the port in 1744. If we go back to the year 1565, Liverpool bad only 12 Bmall vessels manned by 75 men ; no* great stearn^ Üfe? the Majestic carry crews of 350 men each. Read Sara and Dunstan'e special adver- tisements, t H. H. Hart for hats, very superior.* 22401b. of wood given for one ton by Silverthorne and Co., Argent-street North. Certified weighbridge note with each load. + Shierlaw and Co. have just opened up their spring tweeds and coatings.! .'Miller's Sporting Pamphlet," post free anywhere, ls 4d in stamps. ,W. 0. Wight and Co., booksellers, &c;, Broker; milt Every man employed by Silverthorne and Co. is a stanch unionist^ and respectf nllyasks that his brother unionists will obtain wood from tho firm. J DIAMONDS are exceedingly valuable, but for Lead Poisoning, Accidents, Colds, Asthma, Bronchitis, Rheumatism, Fevers, Palpitation of the Heart, Gravel and Kidney Complaints, Dysentery, and all Affections of the Chest and Lungs, Colemane and Sons Eucalypte Extract, the only pure in the world, holds premier place. Awarded medals and diplomas Adelaide, Sydney, and Melbourne, beating all competitors, Stocked by Hoffsungn and Co., Myers and Solomon, Feldheim, Gotthelf, and Co., Elliott Bros., and Aus- tralain Drug Company, Sydney, Colemane and Sons discoverers and sole manufacturers, Cootamundra, New South Wales. Under the distinguished patronage of Earl of Jersey, the Emperor of Germany. 