Red Indian Rising. UaBBinR of Hostile Braves, Militia Beady for Service. Fiom files of the London Daily Xincs, to date November 28, wo extrset the following mes sages in reference to the threatened rising of Bed Indiann in Amerioa Now York, November 24.—' The newspapers are filled with alarming reports in oonneotion with the Indian seare, many ot which prove on investigation to be wholly groundless. The statement which appeared in the World that seven settlors had been hilled 'in South Dakota comes under this category. It hBS no founda tion in fact. Nevertheless, tho situation is still considered so far serious as to warrant the despatch of farther detachments of national troops, whioh have boon ordered to procood to tho disturbed districts. The Nebraska Militia have also beon ordered to hold thomBelvoa in readiness to take the field. A ranchman who has arrived at Pine Ridge dtolsrca tbut while he was in the Indian oamp ho oveiliosrd a plot to lead General Brooke and bis soldiers into an ambush and shoot them. Be said that tho plan by whieh it was pro posed. -to do this wub to have a ghost dance at a place surrounded by donso olumps of treos whioh would bo filled with Indiana, and when the troops should try to stop tho dauoo the ambniihed Indians would open fire and kill ' every soldier. ' Ottawa, November 23. — Dorpatohos reccivod hero this evening from tho Govornmont agents in the Indian reserves in the north-west terri tories, givo satisfactory assurances that the Canadian Indians aro peaceable and aro not effected by the agitation in Dakota, although overtures were made to them to« join tho IndianB there; Chicago, Novembor 24.— Buffalo Bill ha8 been ordered to the scat of tho Indian trouble- Ho started last night to Omaha. Oolonel Cody's destination is Nebraska. The State Militia is said to be ready for servioo at an hour's notioe. In an interview, Colonel Cody said : I shall arrive at Omaha on Monday. Tbonoo I shall probably proceed to Rnshvlllo, 31 miles from Pino Ridge. When do I expoot tho trouble will begin f Well, it is like guessing if grass is four inchos longer thnn you would expoot it to be every night. As it is a time of year when everything is against an outbreak, no Indian still retaining a modicum of senBO will go on the war path unices he has food for his horso and himself. With tho fanatical Sioux who are now daneingfrom suneetto sunrieoitie different. They bolievo they are serving the Great Spirit. They believa they aro celebrating the coming of tho Messiah. Tbero will be trouble nnleBB the dances are stopped. What appeara moat omlnouB to mo is the widespread iniluonce of tho Messiah" movement. Tho Indiane do not telegraph and do not write letters, and yet all the western tribes, from the coast of the Mississippi and from British Columbia to Arizona, are daneing tho ghoBt dance, and looking forward to the coming of the great leader. Thoy will dBnoe, yell, and tear their bodies until they are fairly wild, then go and scalp defenceless Bettlors. On tho other hand, tho interference of tho soldiers may precipitate a war, so that it looks bad either way. Of nil bad Indians, Sitting Ball iB tho worst. Rock Bear and Red Shirt, who are fighting ehiefs, will do whatever is necessary to defeat Sitting Bull. Sitting Bull will always he found with tho disturbing ele ment. II thore IB no disturbing element ho will foment one. Ho i9 a dangerous Indian, aid his conduct how portends trouble. Old Red Cloud, who is disposed to be friendly to the whites, was tho leader of the Port Phil Kearney muataoro. Ho has a son with the ghost dancers, who iB looking forward to a chanco of winning his epurs. Tho best fighting blood of tho Sioux and Gheyennes is repre sented among tho dauoors. Washington, Novembor 26.— Mr. Prootor, Score) ary fur War, has received news from Chey, nno Rivor that tho Iodiuns havo aban doned the ghost dances, end havo come in for rations. This is regarded as a mast hopeful sign of the abatomunt of tho exoitemont. Great benefit is believed to havo resulted from tho employment of friendly IndianB as scouts. Mr Proctor has anthorisod General Miles to inoreaso tho number of Indian polloo in Dakota to 1,208, with a payment of 13 dollars per month, and tho privilogo of wooriog the army blouso, and being in acknowledged oonneotion with tho United States Government. It is boliovcd that thoso inducements will prove too powerful for tho average Indian to resist. Pino Ridge, November 26.— The latest indi cations hero oi the intentions of the Indians would appear to bo of a more reassuring ohar- aotor. It is stated that the braves in this district declare that tboy will surrender their arms if the troops insist on their doing bo. An order has, howovor, been given postponing tho issuo of beef rations until to morrow, and oil strangers, except newspaper men, have been orderod off tho Reservation. About 6, COO Indiana are swarming in and abont tho Agency. Ono hundred more Indian scouts are being sworn in and armed. Despatches from Piuo Ridgo athio that intelligence reaohed there yesterday ovening that 800 Indians were on thomaroh from Rosebud to that placo, and bad plundered tho liousrs deserted by tho fugitive settlers, killing all tho outtlo tboy could lay their bands upon. Sooats announoo that tho ghost da'neors have masstd their forces on tho Porouplno, and that Llttlo Wound, who was yesterday roported to ho the only nhiof of tho ghost dasoers who still remained out, has consented to come and oonfer with tho Agent . and General Brooke, and will arrive to-day. Fort Sully, South Dakota, November 20. — It is evident that the hostilo Indiana from -be Grand River, Ohoyenno, Rosobud, and Pino Ridge agenoieB urn massiug togethor at some point whero they will maho a stand against tho troopo. General Cooks has learned from a squaw that bands "of men aro passing south wards, well armed With Wiaobcstor rifles and ammunition and well equipped ponies. The IndianB woro uniformly insolent and retiaont as to their placo of meeting. It is, howovor, reported that they will assemble at u hoavily wooded spot on tho Whito River, ton miles above its mouth and south of Rock White. The place iB a day 's bard ride from Pino Ridgo, and noaily the samu distanos from RoBabud. - Chicago, November 26.— Aooording to- the" morning paperB Colonel Cody (Buffalo7Bill) has. received a commission from General Miles to proceed to tho scene of the searo, and left, yesterday with throb companions. Thooxaet nature of the mission is unknown. Chicago, November 27.— A despatoh from , Missoula, Montana, published in tho Inter - ' Ocean i announoes that a fierce battle is in pro gress near Fort Keogh, Montana, between tho Indians and troops. Three coin panics of troops at Fort Missoula liavo been orderod to proceed to Syenno. Advices from vai'ions poiuta report sharp skirmishing all along tho lino. Gencrnl Miles doubts tho nocuraoy of the now s from Fort Keogh as to a fight between the troops and the Oboyenncs. No reports of tho occurrence have beon reoelved by him. Washington, November 27.— No dospatohes have been reooived by Mr. Prootor, Seoretery for War, regarding tho reported fight at Fort Keogh, and no credenoo is attaohed to tho rumour. At tho same timo, nows has hoon ro- coived that tho Indians in tho vloiaity of Fort Reno, Indian Territory, aro unsettled on ao> count of tho Messiah crazo. Trouble iB not anticipated, although they aro conducting their religious daooes with much fervour, and are being joined by the Indians oi other reserva tions. . New York, November '17.— Mr. Mellette, Governor of fcoutl. Dakota, has scut a telegram to General Miles, informing hint that ho has . despatched an experienced' man to investigate the trouble among tho Indians. This soo'ut. reporlB that he was never afraid of Indians before, and he thinks a general uprising will vary soon tuka placo. Ho talkod to . a number of Indians oh tho way from Bosohud to the large oamp on tho Whito River, and Bays that they maintained a surly and defiant atti tude. One of them remarked that ho used to bent out the hrniuB of bhildroa and drink women's blood, and dcolarod that ho would soon do so again; Tho camp dn 'thh While River contains ,1,600 armed warriors;' The Indians' say they will fight if tho Boldiers tiy to oapture the chief Short Bull, and dealnre.thut as soon us tho fight hegihB a hailstorm will kill the soldiers. Mr.'lMUetw has asked for A'thdveaffd rlfles and ammunition.1 , . A 'despatoh > f rim ' Tucson. < Ari-! 1 zona, siaieB 'tlgit MportSl Havo toaohcd'thorel '.tjbatjtjia Ipdlyi lit to Whitp lojiptaln roaer- . vation are growing reetlew. The officers of the agenoy are apprehensive that the modiolus men are trying to arouse the Indians by starting religions danaes, and several havo consequently been arrested. From Blerre, South Dakota, it is reported that tho oitizens sre alarmed at. the attitude of the Indians on the Whito River, under Short Bull, who show a dangerous spirit and go about heavily armed. They have killed scores of oattlo. Pineridge, November 27. — Tho hostile braves are reported to he horning houses. Tho frlend- lieB at Mediolno and Porcupine Crooks, bow- 1 ever, declare that unless the Indians are frightened or driven to fight noxt week thore is every probability that the troubles in this dis trict will be settlod without difficulty. No hostilo Indians oan be found among the 4,000 gathered at this agency. The authorities speak more hopefully, and every Indian foand assorts that he doeB not want to fight, and never did. It is believed that on effort will be mado to disarm the Pincridgo Indians, or failing this, that tho wholo Bioux nation will be disarmed at headquarters department of Dakota at St. Paul. No news has reoohod here regarding tho battle reported to have occurred between tho United States Regulars and the Northern Cheyenne Indians at Fart Keogh, and tho rumour is discredited,' as tho Gheyennes near fort aro said to bo friendly and oven to have asked leave to fight tho Bioux in caso of hostili ties breaking out. In foot, most of the Oboycnnes in ihat district have been enlisted in tho Govcrnmi nt service. 