Saturday, September 26th, 1891 A WAVE of religious. excitement is flowing over the colony, and .in many instances inundating the ordinary channels of life. The effect of the different visi tations will be judged by re sults, and it is hoped thatthose who wish to be near the saints will live like them. ' Generals,' 'majors,' 'captains,' 'lieuten ants' (m. and f.), are becoming as thick as leaves in vallam brosa, and thousands who used to 'Sho.ut hurrah for old Mo ther Gun,' are now crying 'Hallelujah!. Amen ! Glory !' The belief of the Salvos in their 'General' B. is something al most beyond credence, and we keep well w- thin the bounds of veracity in publishing the statement that there are many Salvo soldiers (m. and f.) who would gladly risk their lives in the endeavor to possess his shirt. The mention of this latter envelope brings us to the subject of this article. It is relics. Relics both of the past aud present. We are all con versant with the Holy Coat of Treves, but there are many who sit in the scoffers' chair who Thomas-llike impugn the mir acles imputed the vestment. But wise and learned Roman Catholics-men whose word in business transactions is their bond - believe even greater wonders still. 'For example, Spain, among many images of the virgin, possesses one at Saragossa which used to re store lost legs; Austria boasts an image of the virgin. at Marbach which secures good harvests; Styria is proud of the black lime-tree image of Mar iazell, because it cures the gout; S. Maria in Campitelli, Rome, contains an image of 'the virgin which stayed a pes tilence there in 1569; S. Maria della Vittoria is protected by an image of the virgin which defeats Turks; St Giovanni a Carbonari, Naples, is .blessed with an image of the virgin which is a sure refuge against earthquakes and eruptions. Genes contains a relic of the animal on which Christ rode \--the tail of an ass. Peter's toe-nails at one time would have filled a sack. The hinder pairt of the head of St John the Baptist is at Constantinople; the fore part to under the chin is in the church of Sylvester at Rome; the jaws at Genoa; and one of the teeth is at Vienna; the finger with which he pointed to Christ as the lamb of God is to be seen in no fewer than four places; and the cup out of which John the.; Evangelist drank poison, in two. There are two bodies of St Andrew in existqnce, and of one of these the head is at Rome, a shoulder in St Griso gone1 a side at St Eustace, anf arm' at the Holy, Ghost's Church, and so on. In the tomb of St Johln the Evangelist. there' is nothing .but ,angels' meat. It only took one man, namely Joseph of Arimathea, to receive the blood of Christ; but the dish in which he did so takes four places-namely, Genoa, Rome, Genes, and Earles- to hold. ToThi day • p;s-ptrS L'fE c r-6"::? set~. Yine ?'-?.:; ( near Subiaco where St Bene dict retired at the age of fourteen. The, holy young penitent rolled about in thorns. But St Francis visited the spot in 1223, and all the thorns had then changed into roses. The Swan Island snake yarns read like proof of Holy Writ compared with the following- The tomb of Abel, on the way to Baalbec, is, according to Mlaundrell, thirty yards long. The tomb of Eve at Jiddah is, according to Burtonr, two hun dred paces long. The tomb of Seth, on: the slopes of Antilib anus, is sixty feet in length, Indeed, it would have been twenty feet longer, but the Prophet Seth, who came here preaching to the people, who worshipped cows, was killed by them, and was hastily bur ied with his knees doubled under his legs. Noah's tomb on the opposite side of the valley, was one hundred and twenty feet long, The tomb of Joshua was disgracefully short indeed, it only covered thirty feet. But we have no need to go abroad for wonders. This week the Rev.Dr Crane, Bishop of Bendigo, received from the Roman Catholic authorities at Rome, a sacred relic, which should prove of great interest to the faithful of the church. It is a small piece of wood, said to be a portion of the true cross on which Jesus Christ was crucified. It is enclosed in a beautiful gold and silver case, and will be exposed on the throne in the pro-cathed ral during the annual retreat of the priests of the diocese, which commences on Tuesday next (at the conclusion of the ceremony of the forty hours' adoration) and then continues until Friday. We are at all times ready :to render unto Cicsar those things .which are Caesar's, but even to this there must be a limit. For casting doubt upon the holy raiment at Treves the editor of a paper published in Silesia has been sentenced to six months' im prisonment, where he will be employed in cracking diamonds of the purest water. In Berlin a sarcastic writer on the same subject has been sent into dur ance vile for a period more than sufficient· to allow him time to collect his scattered thoughts. Bear this in mind, ye scoffers, at the holy pants now on view in the poet's de pot at the Sentinel office. -We will back the same H.P's. for power in working miracles against any other inanimate object. Expose them in the broad light of day, and we will go so far as to plank odds, by laying the circulation of the Sentinel agairist that of our only opponent, the Argus, thart the said H.P's. will prove as efficacious as all the other ' relics' put together. in curing any of the ills that flesh is heir to. A sum of 100 has been given by the hon. J. F. Levien for distribution in prizes to be given to scholars attending all Sunday schools in the Barwon electorate. A commiittee, re presenting all denominations in the district, will be formed to arrange the method of. dis tribution. : It is proposed to concentrate and infuse :a little more life in to Hospital Sunday, which t'akes place next month. One of the well-known ident ities of Queenscliff, Mr James Burgess, passed away on Sat= urday,: and was buried on Monday in the local cemetery. For service in tlhe--,?health been in receipt ppentsionor the past 17 years. A meeting of the Concert Free Library Committee was held on Tuesday evening with satisfactory results. It is hoped that a sum of about £17 will be added to Mr John Sheeh an's gift of £10. On the motion-of the Mayor (Mr J. H. Ienley,) it was unanimously carried that a hearty vote of thanks be given to all the per formers who so willingly contributed to bring the con cert to such a successful issue. In behalf of St George's Sunday School, next month an entertainment will be given in the Forester's Hall, espec ially for the young folk; It will consist of a Lime Light Exhibition of "Jessica's First Prayer." Those interested in the undertaking meet on Wed nesday evening to arrange respecting it. Mr Mason, Mar ine Surveyor will exhibit the Lantern. Mr Scanlon of the Victoria Bank was appointed Secretary of the Committee, and a good band of singers, such as promises to be the case, should make the performance a great succes. More partic ulars will be given later on. The Committee' invite any helpers to a practise meeting at St George's Schoolhouse next Wednesday at 8 o'clock in the evening. The department of Lands and survey has forwarded a map of Queenscliff showing the area reserved for a common. The sites are marked in pink, and includes part of Burnt Point and the fore:shore from the Narrows to the boundary, also Government land at Point Lonsdale. It is rather amusing marking the foreshore mention ed as a common when it is nearly all fenced in. The fenced portion being from the narrows to the cemetery. At the Police Court on Tuesday, Mr Heron presiding, the Singer Manufacturing company sued a client for the use of a sewing machine. The machine had been let on the usual terms to defendant, and the plaintiff company secured the amount sued for, viz, £7, and costs. There was a disputed balance of A£ 17s 6d due on another sewing machine sup plied by the same company Def~endant stated that he had returned this machine, which plaintiff denied, and at his re quest the case was adjourned to the 20th October for the production of further evidence. Mr Heron, P. M., subse quently presided over the licensing court. An application for the transfer of the license of the Victoria Hotel, from Mr A. Claringbold to Mr Finey. On the case being called on, there was no appearance of either party. The licensing magistrate consequently struck the case out, stating that the parties interested in the appli cation would have to commence de novo. The court will sit again on the 20th October. The council have supported the previous application of the Board of Advice, by writing to the Department asking that the State school reserve should be fenced in. Mr _Levien is Fishing industry very quiet. Curlewis did not play. last Saturday. This gives 4 points to the V.A. F.C. The marriage of Dr William Lowell Mullen, LL.B., with Miss L. Browning, daughter of Dr Browning, of Portsea, will shortly take place. It may interest some to know that the number of pills used it the Geelong Hospital dur ing the past 12 months totalled 16,000. 