HOW A GOOD SHIP WAS LOST. On the night; of Ootobev 27,1842, the good ship Mary Oomptoo, ol Bristol, England, was struggling with a fearful gale off the ooast of North America. The wind blew furiously, but the weather was clear, and the captain expected every moment to get sight of the light in the lighthouse on the Iron Boob Shoals, This lighthouse marked the entrance to the harbor. Once there, and they were Bafe, Sure of hia position, he Bailed on confidently) Five minutes later the ship struck with a fearful Bhook and went to pieces. Four men, inoluding the captain, were saved, On reaching the shore they found a strange thing had happened. An enemy of the lighthouse*keeper had bound him band and foot and extinguished the light, Souls, ae well as ships* steer by the lights. Hope is the most important lighthouse in the world. What shall be Baid of the man who datkenB it in the face of a Btorm-tossed spirit ? " You are beyond human aid," These words were Baid by a physician to a woman who had come to consult him. Admitting that he thought so, had he the right to say so? No) for he might be wrong-and fa any case he had no business to put out the light, This woman had been ill for some time, In June* 1889, she wbs greatly alarmed by her sjmptoiriB. Her heart palpitated, and Bhe was BO giddy she oould scarcely stand. Her head whirled "and,' she Baid, all objects seemed to go into a cloud." She had to hold herself up or Bit down for fear of falling, She broke out in a Bweat although cold as death, A dreadful cough racked her frame so that ahe could not lie down in bed and sleep, | J" I could scarcely crawl about the house,' she says, " I was BO weak, I tried different remedies and medicines without avail, I went to the dispensary at New Briggate and asked the doctor to tell me the worat. His answer was, ' I have mixed you some medicine; you can take it or leave it.' I took it for three weeks, then gave up in despair. (,I talked with two other physicians. The Iaet one said, ' You are past human aii.' "My heart sack within me for I had five little ohildren, and my death would leave them without a mother's love and care. I went home and cried till I was sick. I bad no appetite and bad lost flesh till I was thin as a ghost / My mother came to Bee me and did not know me. My skin was of a green and yellow oolor, and when I ate anything it seemed to stick in my throat, About this time I commenced vomiting, and what I threw up was tinged with blood. Once I began to vomit at 9 o'olock on a Saturday morniDg and soaroely got rest from it until Monday morning. "At this time I remembered that Mrs, Wilson, with whom I formerly worked in Crawford's mill, in East-street, Leeds (where I live), had been cured by Mother Seigel's Cura tive Syrup. So I Bent to Mr, Jeaaon'a, the chemist, in Great Garden-Btreet, and got a bottle, A few doseB stopped the vomiting, and by degreeB from day to day I felt better. Soon I oould eat a dry crust, and by the time I had finished the seoond bottle I had got over all my bad Bymptoma and waB fast eet ting my strength baok. I" am now (April 1890) in better health than ever before in my life, "I should have taken Mother Seigel'a Curative Syrup sooner, but my huBband waa out o! work and we had only a trifle coming in from hiB olub, but I thank God I did get it at laeit, and it cured me, bad off aa I was, All my friends and neighbors know the fasts I have related, and I will reply to any letterB of enquiry," (Signed) Mrs, Ann Mills, 40, Bread-street, York road, Leeds. Thja was a oase of indigestion and dyspepsia, with eymptomB showing how far it had affected the nervous system, A few months, or possibly weeks more, acd Mrs, Mills would have had no tale to tell, She did wrong to wait one hous for any reaBon after having known what Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup had done for her friend Mrs, Wilson, 213UZOX214QD3 