THIE GHOSTS MR. BESA1 T HAS SEEN. In his weekly letter, Mr. Walter lnesant has the following:-" A very good ghost story one of a churchyard and a phantom funeral - has been printed in the Lire~rpoel lst, and copied in the 1lal Matll Gaze!te, where I saw it. My personal experience of spooks is not much but it is, perhaps, more than falls to the lot of most. The first ' figure' I ever saw was about G o'clock on an evening in September. I had been writing up to the last moment of daylight; it became too dark for me to see any longer, and I knocked off; as I turned from the window I became aware that a female figure was in the room; it made no sign, but it moved about noiselessly. As I looked it disappeared. I was then living as a bachelor in chambers, and my outer door was closed, so that nobody could be in the room except myself. Another experience, and a far more singular one, was this. I was travelling in Northumberland. The day I had .spent in driving over a wild and lonely moor to a village situated in the midst of it-a village built round the quad rangle of what had been a monastery. There was the old gate left; part of the buildings ; part of the wall: the quiet village enclosed by the old wall; the convent chapel, now the parish church; there were only two or three hundred people living here; outside ran and babbled the trout stream with its high bank covered with bhushes and brambles and wild flowers. All round stretched the moor. At the inn, where I took some tea or some thing, they talked to me about the past; the place was filled with echoes of the eet; whispers and voices were heard' at night; things had been seen in the bedrooms. A wonderful place; nowhere else in England is there a more wonderful place. I drove baok and spent the evening alone in my inn, reading certain books of the Queen Anne time, and at 11 o'clock went off to bed. My room was a very old room, and the inn itself was at least 300 years old. All this is in troduction in order to show you why the thing that I saw' took the dhape that it did. For in the middle of the night I woke suddenly and sat up startled. I found the room perfectly light; the door, which I had locked, flew open, and there walked in three ladies, dressed in the Queen Anne costume, with the pretty old stif cardboard ornament of the head and everything. Never before had I understood how beautiful was the Quoen Amae dress. The ladies sitting down on chairs round the fire (which was now burning merrily) began to talk, but I know not what they said. Suddenly-it shaumes me to confess the thing-I was seized with a horrid terror. I leaped from the bed, pulled back the curtains, and pulled up the blind. It was about three in the morning, and twilight. Then I turned to my visitors; they slowly faded away. The light slowly went out of the room; the fire slowly burned low : the figures slowly became faint: they slowly vanished. Who were they? Well. You see that I have seenthings. Butlhaveheard nothing. No com. munication has ever been made to me from the other world at all, except by the spirit Katie, and she only talked rubbish through a medium, and I had to pay a pound for t." 