CHAPTER VI. THE WARDENS or THE GATE. The clamour swelled or sank, and the men -called and cried the names of many women, some dead, some lost. Others were mute, silent in the presence of-the World's Desire, silent as when we see lost faces in a dream. The Wanderer had looked once, and then cast down hb eves and stood with his face hidden in his hands. He alone waited, and strove to think; the rest were abandoned to the bewilderment of their paBsions and their amaze. _ J What was it that he had seen? That which i he had sought his whole life long; sought by , sea and land, not knowing what he sought, I Por this he had wandered with a hungry ! heart, mid now was the hunger of his heart to i be appeased? Between him and her was j the unknown barrier and the invisible death. | Was he to pass the unmarked boundary, to ! foreethose guarded gates, and achieve where all ) had failed ? Had a magic deoeived his eyes— I did he look but on a picture and a vision that' some art ooiild call again from the haunted place of memory ? He sighed and looked again. Lo 1 in his charmed sight a fair girl seemed to stand upon the Pylon brow, ana on her head she bore a shining urn of bronze. He knew her now. He had seen her thus at the Court of King Tyudaveus as he drove in his chariot through the ford of Eurotas. Thus he had seen her in the dream on the Silent Isle. Again he sighed and again he looked. Now, in his charmed sight .a woman sat, whose face was the face of the girl grown mora lovely far, but sad with grief and touched with shame. He saw lier and ho knew her. So he had seen her in Troy towers when he stole thither m a beggar's guise from the camp of the Achseans. So he had seen her when she saved his life in Hios. Again he sighed and again he looked, and now he saw the Golden Helen. She stood upon the Pylon's brow. She stood with arms outstretched, with eyes upturned, and on her shining face there was a smile like theinfiniteamileof tbedawn. Oh, now, indeed, he knew the shape that was beauty's self—the innocent Spirit of Jjove sent on earth by the undying gods to he the doom and the delight of men; to draw them through the ways of strife to the unknown end. Awhile the Golden Helen stood thus looking up and out to the world beyond; to the peace beyond the strife; to the goal beyond tho grave. Thus she stood while men scarce dared to breathe, summoning all to come and take that which upon the earth is guarded so in viucibly. Then once more she sang, and as she sang slowly draw herself away, tul at length nought was left of the vision of her save the sweetness of her dying song. Who vins his love shall lose her, Who loses her shall gain, For stUl the spirit wnos her— A soul without a stain; And memory still pursues her With longings not in vninl ' He loses her who gains her, Who watches day by day; * The dust of tim6 that stains hor, The griefs that leave lier grey. The flesh that yet enchains her, Whose grace bath passed away 1 Oh happier be who gains not The love some seem to gain; The joy that custom stains not Shall still with him remain; The loveliness that wanes not, The lore that ne'er can wane. In dreams she grows not older— The lands of dream among— Though all the world war colder, Though all the songs be sung; In dreams doth he behold her StUl fair and kind and yonng. Now the silence died away, and again mad ness came upon those who had listened and looked. The men without the wall once more hurled themselves against the gates while the women clung to them, shrieking curses on the beauty of the Hathor, for the song meant nothing to these women, and their arms were about those whom they loved and who won them their bread. But most of the men who Were in the outer court rushed up to the inner gates, within which stood the alabaster shrine of the Hathor. Some flung themselves upon the ground and clutched at it, as in dreams men fling themselves down to be saved from falling into a pit that has no bottom. Yet as in those evil dreams men are drawn inch by inch to the month of the pit by an unseen hand, these wretched men were dragged along the ground by the might of their own desire. In vain they set their feet against the stones to hold themselves from going, for they thrust forward yet more fiercely with their hands, and thus. little by little drew near the inner gates, writhing forwards yet moving backwards like a wounded snake dragged along by a rope. For of those who thus entered the outer court and looked on the Hathor few might go back alive. iNow the priests drew the cloths from their eyes, rose, and flung wide the second gat09, and there, but a little way off, the veil of the shrine was wavering as in a wind. For now the doors beyond the veil were thrown wide, as might be seen when the wind swayed their Tyrian web, and through the curtains came the sound of the same sweet singing. Draw near! draw near!" cried the anoient priest. *' Let him who would win the Hathor draw near i" Now at first the Wanderer was minded to rush on. But.liis desire had not wholly over come him nor had his wisdom left him. He took counsel with his heart and waited to let the others go, and to see how it fared with them. The worshippers were now hurrying back and now starting onwards, as fear and longing seized them, till the man who was blind drew near, led by the hand of a priest, for his hound might not enter the second court of the Temple. "Do ye fear?" he cried. "Cowards, I fear not. It is better to die, having looked upon the glory of the Hathor, than to live and never see her more. Set my face straight, ye priests—set my face straight; at the worst I can but die." So they led him as near the curtains as they dared to go and set his face straight. Then with a great ciy he rushed on. But he was caught and whirled about like a leaf in the. wind, so that_ he fell. He rose and again rushed on, again to be whirled back. A third time he arose and rushed on, smiting with his blind man's staff. The blow fell, and stayed id a iu mid-air, and there came a hollow sound as of a smitten shield, and the staff that dealt the ! blow was shattered. Then there was a noise like the noise of clashing swords, and the man instantly sank down dead, though the Wan derer could sec no wound upon him. "Draw near. Draw near," cried the priest ; again. "This one is fallen. Let him who | would win the Hathor draw near!" | Then the man who had fled from the host of the Apura rushed forward, crying on the lion of ^hia tribe. Back ho was hurled, and back | again; but at tho third time once more there ' came the sound of clashing swords, and he too fell dead. " Draw near! Draw near!" cried tho prieBt. " Another has fallen! Let him who would win the Hathor draw near. And now man after man rashed on, to he first hurled back, and then slain of the clashing swords. And at length all were slain save the Wanderer alone. Then the priest spake. Wilt thou indeed I rush on to doom, thou glorious man? Tliou ! liast seen the fate of many. Be warned and turn away." I " Never did I turn from man or ghost," said tho Wanderer, and drawing his short sword he came nigh warily, covering his head with his broad shield, while the priests stood back to see him die. Now the Wanderer had marked that none were touched till they stood upon the very threshold of the doorway. Therefore ho uttered a prayer to Aphrodite, and came on slowly till his feet were within bow's length of the threshold, and there he stood and listened. Now be conld hear the very words of the song that the Hatlior sung as she wove at her loom. So dread and svveet it was that for awhile he thought no more on tho guardians of the gate, nor of how he might win the way, nor of aught save the song. For she was singing shrill and dear in her own dear tongue, the tongue of the Achscans. Paint the threads of gold and scarlet, paint the battles fought for me; All the wars for Argivo Helen; storm and sack by land or sea: All tbe tales of loves and sorrows that have been and are to be. Paint ber lips that like a cup linre pledged the lips of heroes all; Paint her goldeu hair unwhitened, while the many winters fall; Paint the beauty that is mistress of the wide world and Its thrall! Paint the steins of ships and chariots—rain of arrows flying for; Paint the waves of warfare, leaping up at beauty like a star. Like a star that, pale and trembling, liaogs about the waves of war. Paint the ancient Hios fallen; paint the flames that When tbe foe was in the fortress, when the trumpet and the cry Bank of men in their last onset—men whose hour liad dawned to die. Woo for me, once loved of all men—me that never yet have known How to love tbe hearts that loved me—woe for mo who hear the iuoan Of my lovers' ghosts that perished in their cities overthrown. Is there not of gods or mortals, oh, ye gods! is there not one— One whose heart shall mate with my heart, one to love 'ere all be done— All the tales of wars that shall he for my love \- beneath the sun? Now the song died away and the Wanderer once more bethought him of the wardens of the gates and of the battle which he must fight. But as he braced himself to rush on against the unseen foe the musio of the singing swelled forth again, and whether he willed it or willed | it not, so sweet was its magie that there he must wait till the song was done. And now stronger and more gladly rang the sweet shrill voice, like the voice of one who has made moan through the live-long winter night, and now sees the chariot of dawn climbing the eastern sky. -And thus the Hathor sang— Ah, within my heart a hunger for the lore unfeit, unknown. Stirs at length and wakes and murmurs as a child that wakes to moan Left to sleep within some silent house of strangers and alone. So my heart awakes, and waking moans with hanger and with cold; Cries in pains ot dim remembrance for the joy that was of old; For the lore that was, that shall be, half forgot and half fortold. Hare I dreamed it, or lomembored? In another world was I? Lived and loved in alien seasons, moved beneath a golden sky, In agoldcn clime where never came the strife of men that die. But the gods themselves were jealous, for our, bliss was over great, And they brought on us division, and the horror of their hate. And they set the snake between us and the twining coils of fate. And they said, " Go forth and seek each other's face and oniy find Shadows of that face ye long for, dreams of days left far behind; Love the shadows and be loved with loves that waver as the wind." Once more the sweet singing died away, but as the Wanderer grasped his sword and fixed the broad shield upon his arm he remembered the dream of Meriamun the Queen which had been told him by Rei the priest. For in that dream twain who had sinned were made three, and through many deaths and lives must seek each other's face. And now it seemed that the burden of the song was the burden of the dream. Then he thought no more on dreams or songs or omens, but only on the deadly foe that stood before him wrapped in darkness, and on Helen, in whose arms he yet Bhould lie, for so the goddess had sworn to him in sea-girt Ithaca. He spoke no word, he named no god, but sprang forward as a lion springs from his bed_ of reeds, and, lo! his buckler clashed against shields that barred the way, and But no weakling was the Wanderer thus to be pushed aside by magic; but the stoutest man left alive in the world now that Aias, Tela mon's son, was dead. cThe priests wondered as they saw how he gave back never a step for all the might of the wardens of the gates; but lifted his short sword and hewed downward so terribly that fire leapt from the air when the short sword fell, the good short sword of Euiyalua the Phaenecian. Then came the clashing of the swords and from all the golden armour that once the god-like PariB wore, ay, from buckler, helm, and grievos and breast plates, the sparks streamed up as they stream from the anvil of the smith when he smites great blows on swords made white with fire. Swift as hail fell the blows of the unseen blades upon the golden armour, but he who wore it took no harm, nor was it so much as marked with the dint of the swords. So while the priests wondered at this miracle the view less warders of the gate smote at the Wan derer, and the Wanderer smote at them again. Then of a sudden he knew this, that they who barred the path were gone, for no more blows fell, and liis sword only cut the air. Then he rushed on and passed behind the veil, and stood within the shrine. .But as the curtains swung behind him the singing rose again upon the air and he might not move; but stood fixed with his .eyes.gazing where, far up, loom was set witlun the shrine. Tor the sound of the singing came from behind the great web gleaming in the loom, the sound of. the eong of Helen as she heard tho swords clash, and the ringing of the { harness of those whoso knees were loosened in death. It was thus she sang— Clamour of iron on iron, and shrieking of steel upon steel, Hark liow they echo again: Love with the dead is at war, and the mortals are shaken and reel. The living are slain by the slain; Clamour of iron on iron, like muBic that chimes with a song. So with my life doth it chime. And my footsteps must fall in a danco of Egrinys, a revel of wrong, Till the day of the passing of time. GhoBts of the dead that have loved me, your love hath been vanquished of death, But un vanquished b) death is your hate. Say, is there none that may woe me and win ine of all that draw breath, Not one but is envied of fate? Now the song died; and the Wanderer looked up, and before him stood three shadows of mighty men clod in armour. He gazed upon them, and he knew the blazons painted on shields; he knew them for heroes long dead, Firithous, Theseus, and Aias. They looked upon him and then cried with one voice, " Hail to thee, Odysseus of Ithaca, eon of Laertes." "Hail to thee," cried the Wanderer, "Theseus, Argeus' son. Once before didst thou go down into the home of Hades, and alive thou comest forth again. Hast thou crossed yet again the stream of Ocean, and dost thou live in the sunlight 1 For of old I sought thee and found thee not in the house of Hades." The semblance of Theseus answered, " Ih the house of Hades I abide this day, and in the fields of Asphodel. But that thou seest is a' shadow, sent forth by the Queen Persephone, to be the guard of the beauty of Helen." " Hail to thee, Firithous, Ixion's son," cried the Wanderer again. "Hast thou yet won the dread Persephone to be thy love? And why doth Hades give hiB rival holiday to wander in the sunlight, for of^old I sought thee and found thee not in the house of Hades." Then the semblance of Pirithous answerod, "In' the house of Hades 1 dwell this day, and this thou seest is but a shadow that goest with the_ shadow the hero Theseus. For where he is am I, and where he goes I go, and our veiy shadows arc not sundered; but wo guard the beauty of Helen." "Hail to thee, Aias, Telemon's son,"cried the Wanderer. " Hast thou not forgotten thy wrath against me for the sake of those accursed arms that I won from thee, the arms of Achilles, son of Peleus? For of old in the house of Hades I spoke to thee, but thou wouldst not answer one word, so heavy was thine anger." Then the semblance of Aias made answer, "With iron upon iron, and the stroke of bronze on bronze would I answer thee if I were yet a living, man and looked upon the sun light. But I smite with a shadowy spear, and slay none but men foredoomed, and I am the shade of Aias who dwells in Hades. Yet the Queen Persephone sent me forth to be the guard of the beauty of Helen." Then the Wanderer spake. " Tell me, ye shadows of the sons of heroes, is the way barred, and do the gods forbid it, or may I that am yot a living man pass forward and gaze on that guard, on the beauty of Helen ?" Then each of the threenodded with his head, and smote once upon bis shield, saying— "Pass by, but look not back upon us till thou hndst seen thy desire." Then the Wanderer went by into the inm most chamber of the alabaster shrine. 1 Now, when the shadows had spoken thus they grew dim and vanished, and the Wan derer as they had commanded drew slowly ci up the alabaster shrine, till at length he stm 1 on the hither side of the web upon the Ion i. It was a great web, wide and high, and hid j.: the innermost recesses of the shrine. Here o: 'waited, not knowing what to do nor how !> ■ should break in upon the Hathor. As he stood wondering thus his buck! ■ : slipped from his loosened hand and clash -1 upon the marble floor, and as it clashed tn ; voice of the Hathor took up the broken song. And thus she sang ever more sweetly— Ghosts of the dead that have loved ine, your l< ve hath been vanquished by death, But unvanquished by death is your hate: Bay, is there none that may woo me ana win mo of all that draw breath, Not one but is envied of fate? None that may pass you unwounded, unscathed of invisible spears. By tiie splendour of Zcue there it one, And he comes and my spirit is touched as Demeter is touched by the tears Of the spring and the kiss of the sun. Tes, he comes; and my heart, that was chill as alake in the season oi snow, Is molten and glows as with fire. And the love that I knew not is born and he langhs in my hoart, and I know The name and the flame of desire. As aflame am I kindled, a flame that is blown by a wind from the north. By a wind that is deadly with cold, And the hope that awoke in me faints, for the love that is born shall go forth To my love, and shall die as of old. Kow the song sobbed itself away, but the heart of the Wanderer echoed to its sweetness as a lyre moans and thrills when the bond of the striker is lifted from the strings. For a while he stood thus, hidden, by the web upon the loom, while his limbs shook like the leaves _ of the tall poplar, and his face turned white as turn the poplar leaves. Then desire overcame him, ana a longing he could not master, to look upon the faoe of her who sang, and he seized the web upon the loom and rent it with a great rending noise so that it fell down on either side of mm, and the gold coils rippled at his feet. 