THE "RECEPTION" MEETING. After the pageantry ot the afternoon what was termed a " grand reception meeting" was held at the Exhibition Building in the even intr. and from the neint of view of the soldiers it must have fully realized anticipations, and those who had not enlisted in the ranks, but attended either from curiosity or sympa hy, could not fail to have been satisfied, even though tliey only derived their interest by watching the hearty way of the General's followers. According to the poet" by means that evil seem to narrow men superior beings work their mystic will," and although this may be just a trifle egotistical it very fairly repre" sents the answer of the Army to its numerous traducers; at any rate that was the impres sion received by those outsiders who were present at the meeting on Satur day night, heard the General's address, and saw with their own eyes the almost in credible enthusiasm with which he was I received. The festivity was announced to ] start at a quarter to 8 o'clock, but long before then the eager Salvationists, apparently un affected with the day's excitement, had assembled, and were working themselves up to a high pitch. The general public were present in large numbers, and some minutes prior to the General's entrance the spacious building was filled. Many memorable scenes have been held in this hall, but the siglit on Saturday night was decidedly unique. With a taste wnich did infinite credit to those who had chaige of thedecorating, the building had been embellished in characteristic Army style, i emblems and mottoes being scattered around in ' profusion, and set off graceful drapery. At the head of the hall were tiers of seats reaching to the gallery, and in the middle of these was an improvised platform. Just below the railing of the gallery was a flaming and striking re presentation of the General's scheme, executed, we understand, by a local artist. The cus tomary gallant horseman, with a martial sash —"Social Reform"—around him, is depicted j with the sword of " truth" in his hand on the world's battlefield getting the mastery of a ! hydra-headed monster, representing sin, crime, harlotry, and drunkenness. In front of the dais was the query in largo lettering—" Have you done anything for the Self-denial Fund If not, do it now ; it is not too late." While around the gallery wove innumerable mottoes, exhortations, and expressions of feeling, such as "South Australian Salvationists "accord their General a right hearty welcome, and pro- I iniae unswerving fidelity to the principles of the / e Army," " We wish our General ion voyage to India,' and "The visit of the General has inspired our hearts, and we promise increased i effort forthe salvation of Australia." The end | of the hall was a gorgeous mass of gaudy red, the lasses appearing in their demure poke I bonnets and striking sashes, while the other sex were adorned in fiery jerseys. Also stationed | near the platform was the band, and as usual the droll drummer, John Oberg, was the cynosure of all cyeB. With an air of merited triumph and a persistency wbioh evi- 1 denced the extent of his ardour for the cause, be swung and twirled the sticks. As soon as | the soldiers and lasses were seated they went j through their well-known repertoire of songs and ditties which have resounded through the streets of Adelaide. The band joined in, and j the lasses gracefully plied their tinkling tam bourines with the cadence of the music. Just before the "beloved General" made his ap- ] pearance Major Barrett appealed to those present to give their leader a right hearty reception which would make the roof shake, and hardly had the words left Ills mouth when their gueBt walked placidly on to the platform. Immediately the vast crowd rose en masse, the young dancisd about in the very ecstasy of their joy, the old and decrepit cheered again and again, handkerchiefs fluttered all over the building, and volley after volley was fired, while the band burst forth into an unmusical paean. The General bowed and smiled, and after the uproar had subsided took his place on the platform, where there were also assembled:— The Hon. Dr. Campbell, M.L.C., Mr. Cock, M.P., the Revs. J. Nicholson, J. C. Haslam, R. S. Cosely, J. Lyall, K. J. Henderson, and F. Hastings, and Mr. C. Goode. The General was accompanied by Colonel Nieol (Private Secretary) and Adjutant Rutland. A hymn (" War") was then sung, and as each verse was being read out the "fighters for the King of Kings" interjected with their own trite sayings, volleys of "Hallelujahs," "Aniens," " Praise the Lordv'and "Glorys" being thrown in after every phrase. The last verse, which read as fellows, was mere than usually interrupted Bless our General, bless our Majors. Bless our officers as well; Bless head-quarters, bless our soldiers, Bless the foes of sin and hell, Bless our Army. We will all Thy goodness tell." Colonel Nieol then offered up prayer. Some of the soldiers fell recumbent ou the floor, but the majority went on their knees and entered into the devotional exercise with in tense fervour, and it was almost painful to witness the writhing, and moaning, and wail ing which took place. The Colonel asked that their hearts might become inspired—("Halle lujah")—their General and Army blessed— ("Glory")—and that salvation might come to every heart. (Loud amene.) After this, at the "suggestion of the General, a — suggestion of the General, a swinging melody—"Grnee to Wash my Sin Away"— was sung. "Now let us shut our eyes and sing that again," said he, when it was finished once, and his instructions were carried out to the letter. Then the General prayed amid strict silence. He thanked God for the wonderful salvation He had established. The Kingdom of Heaven did not consist of meat and drink or outward ceremonials, but in the banishment of the devil and the enthronement of the Lord Jesus in their hearts. He con cluded by calling for a blessing for all who were trying to save souls, and who were fight ing the good fight. Commissioner Coon us then said he was glad that they had the opportunity of welcoming the General to Adelaide. (Hallelujahs and cheers.) It was in this city ten years ago that two of their comrades had taken their stand for Christ, and since then that mighty army had spread until right throughout the colonies the blood and fire flag was flying. ("Halle lujah." "Glory.") He felt sure that nopeople in any part of Australia wouldgive the General a more hearty welcome than the Salvationists of Adelaide. (Cheers.) They had promised to be daring Salvationists, fighting against sin and the devil.. Let them fire a volley. The Rev. F. Hastings, who followed, in the name of his brother ministers and the citizens of Adelaide welcomed the General to the fair City of Adelaide. (Cheers.) They pray el for the suooess of the Army. They lcnew the General was a religious, enthusiastic, and social reformer, and anything that be could do to stir men up to benefit their fellow-creatures must be commended. In the name of the people of South Australia he earnestly welcomed him. (Cheers.) General Booth, who was received with salvoes of applause and congratulatory expres sions, then rose to reply, lie is a vigorous speaker, inclined, as might be supposed, to be dramatic. When speaking his features are compressed, and he emphasizes his sentences with a nodding of the head. He has a good flow of language, but at times his voice becomes almost harsh, and be does not care to he interrupted, for several times when his followers applauded hitn he bid them stop with an impatient gesture. His address, although of a somewhat rambling nature, was interest ing, and during the hour and a quarter which he spoke he received the greatest attention. He said—Commissioner Coombs, Salvationists of Adelaide and of South Australia, Christian friends, and all sections of people who have gathered round me and who will gather round me—(cheers)—you all will have to gather round the Salvation Army, because you will find that the Army are friends, not only of the poor and wretched, for whose Balvation we are specially sent, hut we are the real true friends and helpers of every man and woman who are btriving in any form, whether human or divine, to help to remove the sin and misery that desolates the race. (Cheers.) Therefore I thank the friends present and through chem the crowds who received me with such evident kindness and respect in the streets of Adelaide to-day. The General then went on to say that he took those greetings that sounded like praise, tied them in a garland, and laid them at the feet of his Master. He took them as expressionsof sympathy with what had been the object and work of his whole life—to remove misery and help those who had been without friends. He took them as an expression of sympathy with the Army, and of willingness to recognise the good work done by any man or woman wherever he or she might come from, or in whatever form of religion he or Bhe might be engaged in. He scarcely knew where to begin, for generally he was given a text and told what to do. He did not always do as ho liked, or elsehe might have stayed at the pretty little cottage of Mr. Hastings, for he had been seriously indisposed, and lie felt almost unequal to the intellectual and physical task of addressing the large audience, but he was willing to do his best. (Cheers.) He had eomo across the seas to see for himself this wonderful land of Australia, of which he had heard such wonderful accounts since childhood. He wanted to know whether they were as good as Australians ill the old land said they were. He wanted to see with his own eyes and to hear with hisotvn eare what his soldiers wcrelike, and he might say that so far as he had had the opportunity of judging from the external indications of their zeal and self- sacrifice, and the work accomplished for the Master, a half had not been told him. (Cheers.) He was reminded of his wife and bis first sermon that he had preached. She went to bear it just after their engagement, and he was anxious to stand well with her, and to know her criticism, for he knew that to stand well with her heart he must stand well with her head. He was almost afraid to ask her, for he was always afraid of his wife. (Laughter.) Men should always be afraid of their wives, afraid of their condemna tion. They had almost reached the door of his residence before he asked her, "What did you think of the sermon," and with a twinkle in her beautiful eyes—(laughter)—she said in a sentence he had previously used, "That and bettor will do." To his Australian soldiers he said, "That and very much better will do." He had seen enough to malm liim confident that the Army's operations in this continent had been a blessed work. It was going to be a great power for good, a power ranged upon the side of law, order, and authority; upon the side of the happiness and wellbeing of the poor and the worst of the struggling humanity, and a power for Christ Jesus. (Cheers.) He came also that having seen his soldiers his soldiers might see him, reckon him up and form their opinion of him. (Cheers.) There was curiosity throughout the whole con tinent in respect to him. He could not help it, but it was exceedingly inconvenient at times, because after leaving Ballarat to right into the early hours of the morning crowds were arranged on the stations, and he might say " a-ragea" because he would not get up and make a speech. He was rapidly coming to be regarded as the animals were in the Zoological Gardens. (Laughter.) He had been stirred up and made to walk round his cage and made to roar, for what was the use of going to see a lion unless they could hear him roar? (Laughter.) He believed a theatrical Manager bad offered to take liiui at a certain price, and reckoned to make a fortune out of him. Poets talked about lovers' eyes eating, but if eyes could eat his bones would have been picked clean before now. He bad excited curiosity and interest, but it was all for the Master, and be took no credit for tlic curiosity for the Master. Harly in life He turned bis feet in philanthropic and loving work, and gave him a double-barrelled salvation. When He saved his soul Hoga.-e him the privilege of trying to save the souls of others. When ho realized that he must save himself, that there was salvation which meant emancipation from evil, and which would make his heart as snow and enable liim to do His will upon earth as it was done in Heaven, he saw that there was something else for him. There were other souls to be won. There was no Balvation but deliverance from the work of the devil by the Holy Spirit, and to make bis own election sure he must love his neighbour and seek his salvation as he had sought his own. Then the Master gave him the blood and fire power, blood for his own salva tion and fire from the Holy Ghost to enable him to give his life up to serve his fellows so that ho must become a saviour of mankind. It was lus per sistency in sticking to this, and tho fact of his not being taken away by promises aud allure ments, that had enabled him to succeed; for how many were there who had begun in the Spirit and ended in the flesh; how many drawn astray by the world, and to some extent by the Church, with the husks and shells of ceremony and form ? It was sticking to the penitent form, which among Salvationists was known as a sign of the sufficiency of Christ's love, and at all time making the Master first, that had given him what little power be possessed in the world to-day. (Cheers.) He had gone forward on those lines, but his path had not been a perfect one, for there were many unfaithfulnesses. He had had changing form and changing method, but no change in principle. He bad the Salvation Army born in him. He would not tell them his life history, hut when it was written it would clear away the mist aud foggy preju dice against the present mode of operations. There were all manners of misstatements brought against the Army. Some people regarded it as tho creature of General Booth himself,, and said that William Booth was a disappointed man and was determined to b" notorious, and not being able to achieve it in the ordinary religious way that he set up the Salvation Army, had soldiers, banners, musk captains, and officers, and said, "I will be General and inarch about, set authorities at defiance, and kick up a general hullabaloo: g©t> into the newspapers, aud perhaps set mentioned in the House of Parliament; and that then, upon the top of -this excitement, he the said William Booth, would float into popu larity and notoriety, in which he wished to live, That was the notion people had about the foundation of the Army He had left his Church, his best friends, and all he desired in this world, and with hi= precious wife and children travelled through the country, seeing hundreds and thousands of people converted to God. He referred to the vice and misery in the east end of London. The Jtnglisli people sent their money and Bibles to different lands, but here were heathen at their doorsteps. Ho was told that within a mile circumference of a spot where he was one day standing that there were a million people who had never crossed the threshold of a Church The Churches in the neighbourhood could hardly keep their own doors open. He had determined to devote bis life to these miser able creatures, and it was in order to attract their attention that the Army methods and forms were adopted. (Cheers.) They were merely a means to an end, that end being the salvation of his fellows from hell. His sole object was to eave them, and he thought if lie could that, whether the method adopted was in oonformity with the traditions of the elders or not as long as it was in harmony with the teachings of the Bible, it would be doing im mense good. (Cheers.) These wretched people did not want to hear a sermon from tho Rev. Timothy Theuiugy. (Laughter.) He was asltcd often why they did not stop in the bar racks, and his answer always was, "because the people are not there." The Army wanted the people not the barracks. Their officers must all be workers, and in endeavouring to catch " souls" they must not be like the fisher man who was described as a "long pole with a man at one end and a worm at the other." If they could not cateli souls with one sort of bait they, hod to try another, and if they could not get them in this way they would have to go down to the fish, and hook them 011. (Laughter.) He wanted the head Salvation Barracks in London in a prominent place because he wanted to attract attention. Had not the results of the Army work been remark able Had not they done good to men's bodies and souls v The results that spoke of reality of methods and causes which made the drunkard sober, the harlot chaste, the thief honest, the had husband a good husband, and tin* bad wife a good wife, ivilmed the temper, softened aud shortened the tongue, and did good in every way must be those of a good system. (Cheers.) Inthe north of Lnglaud once a poor woman who could not get into one of his meetings said. "I would like to see the Genera], if only tin one look, became before the Army came here my two sous were bad boys, and my home like a little hell. When the Army came they were converted ; home is like heaven. I would like to have just ono look at the General who started the Army." ("Hallelujah.") Some times if he could only show iu panoramic form the alteration in the harlot, the thief, the drunkard, and in the homes brought about by the Army jieople would say " God Mess the Salvation Army." It could not be a bad system which brought out die good and true which was in the soul-inspired people with the love of ChriBt and their fellows and turned them into saviours of mankind. He said to those who were ashamed of the Army that if Christianity had been in the world 2.000 years aud was in a miserable minority, and if while Mohammedanism, heathenism, Buddhism, and every form of Paganism were increasing the spread of Christianity was fail ing, then to the mere handful of those who were real consistent lovers of the Lord the Salvation Army was an encouragement. The world, the flesh, and the devil, and to some extent the Church was against the system that had been misrepresented, slandered,lied about, persecuted, and prosecuted in every corner of tho earth. In spito of this by the efforts of their ignorant workers they succeeded. What ignorant fellows they were, they all were fools and General Booth the biggest of the lot —(laughter)—and they did not know how to sing, pray, talk, or dress properly. Yet God had had tnorey upon them and used them to save souls. They succeeded because they went down into the gutters to get the people, while other people had been conducting Sunday-schools for a long time. It was t.ventj'-six years last July since, single handed aud alone, he took bis stand in the midst of the people, and gave his life np to the business of saving them. Before that, at six teen years of age, he had been tolerably suc cessful as a lad in working auiong them, but afterwards he had been corrnjited by going into the ministry, learning to make mere sermons instead of reaching men's hearts. He felt im eipial to the Lusk, but he wont on aud ho and bis officers succeeded. Ho had nothing in hie jwekets when he started, but every penny since then that bad been obtained by the Army bad been earned. There had been a groat deal of grumbling about the money, and people asked tor balance-sheets, hut those who complained never gave any money. (Cheers.) If they bad gathered people fiom any Churches they bad paid them all back again. Some Churches did not deserve to keep people, and from the way they treated tho women it would servo tbi'in rb'li I if the Army took away all the, women from them. Women had as much right to come to the front as men. If they made mistakes he asked them not to rush oil to the uewspapers aud show them up, but to go aud help them up again. In twenty-six years they had tho colours flying in thirty-six different countries, and the thin red thread was circling wide and spreading to every corner of_ the earth. They had 5,Otto separate .Societies, the greater portion self saving. There were 11,000 officers, a third of whom were females. There were thirty-six different newspaper* in sixteen different languages with a circulation of 750.000 weokly, besides monthly and fortnightly journals which averaged circulation of nearly 1,000,000 a week and increasing. In Australia the cir culation was 25u,00(l. In tho Press ho thought he was at the head of the Christian world. He hoped tic had not said any thing to hurt the feelings of any ont*. He had not said ""anything that would re flect upon any good man, for he prided him self that he had never said or written, or allowed to be said or written, a single sentence calculated to injure the influence of any man or lesseu his power to do good. (Cheers.) He had the profouudest respect for every one who was sincere in his religion, and he could not pass a Mohammed or Hindu at prayer if he thought he was sincere without taking off his bat and feeling respect for him. It was the sham and hypocrisy of tho people who would have had nothing but grand forms of religion, and whose religion was nothing but sentiment, andwhotoldabontthespreadofthe gospel when really in their hearts they were making no eaorifice commensurate with the evil that he despised. A great many people in Australia talked about the "snbmttged tenth," and said "We sympathise with you. You are an excellent tasm—remarkable man. It is a remarkable scheme. We wish you success; only don't bring it here; anywhere but in Australia." He would do what he could at Home, and if no English colony or English sons and daughters across the sea would open their hearts, and be Willing to take in a party of those poor creatures, and relieve them from their wretchedness, and deliver them up to happiness he would do what he could for them; and if they could not have a colony over the sea in this world they would have to wait until they reached the next world, and have their colonies there, where they would be wel comed by God and his angels—God bless tliem j»1L ("Attien," "hallelujah," and loud olieers.) The meeting closed with the liymn " All Had the Power of Jesus' Name." A collection was taken up. 