AS ITINERARY -NEW ZEALAND. fB\r an Itisesant.1 X. — DuneUui to (Junstcuarch — Uara&ra; and its ' Drought'— Frozen Meat— The Mysterious 'Frost Fish' — The best Route to Mount Cook— Tiuaaru and its Ftrertkvrater — Dangers of Harbour Trusts — Canterbury Plains and their Hurricanes— New Zealand as a place for ' Blowing'— Extensive Tireeylant ing — Ashburton— ' Old Man's Home' — New Zealand aud its Clocks. Although it is not needful to observe gasetteer-iike detail in these sketches one ought to counsel the tourist by the Dimedin-Christchurch express to keep both eyes open whilst tho train passes through the splendid scenery around the Bluebkin. The traveller grows dizzy as the carrLigea seem to hang orer a pre cipice with forn and Hcnver covered steeps above them and* the sea foaming hundreds of feet below thesu, the surf taking upon the uueveu beach the appearance of a great- deop-blue garment with lace scalloped edges. The beat way to see the peculiar attractions which surround the loetiliiy of Port Chalmers, with its expensive floating- and graving dc»cks aad its natural aud acquired beauties, is to drive thither from Duned'm. Upon aSne'day no p\;«itig could be more pleasant-, and . no combination of quiet landscape and 8ea view more nurvesooth ing. For musical harmony you have the warbling of the 'birds and the ceaseless iuurmuc o£.tha old ocean, which is surely' the .greatest murmuror that ever mur mured. A human interest for the ethno logist ia added by a Maori settlement in which live a chief and the remnant of his followers. Proceeding in our train we reach Oamavu at seventy-eight miles from Dunedin— Oaniant, which the learned linguists call Wamaroo, a few others 0-ain-maroo, and the rest Ommaroo— a place which would be most famous for its freestone were ifc not more celebrated for its Irish apples. So we see in toauy directions great fields of potatoes, the plants seeming a little withered this year, which is the driest season this hind and the Canterbury Plains yonder have ever known since the white man dispossessed the Maori. The natural surface of the soil is as hillocky as a graveyard, and just now it certainly does look somewliat parched. But there Is so much moisture in tho erouud that, we see a man ploughing followed by a big covey of seagulls — as tauie as household cats — that, feed upon the worms evicted from, their homes by the tyrannical ploughshare. An Austrtdiau is amused by hearing the people talking of what they call a 'drought,' and seeming to be rather proud of it as a new experience. Drought? I should like some of them to visit our Far Noith in drought time. It would humble them. They know no more by iN'ew Zealand experience about droughts than some men who style themselves 'mining engineer' -know about niinirig. Whero there are not potato or turnip fields in this neighbourhood there -are slone tjuai-ries, t-? -vrh3*a prefixes is-W& the Fact that Gamaru is probably the couieliest and most solidly built town in Uew Zealand. The local industries, 1)csides quarrying and. potato-growing, are dairying and grazing. * Here, close to the fine and expensive breakwater harbour; are a woollen factory aad slaughtering yards and meat-freezing and {^eservinfj wonts. Hence steamers laden with frozeu meat sail direct for England, This frozen meat trade is truly to New Zea land what Broken Hill is to South Australia. It bus given fresh hope and new enter prises to the people, and has wonderfully increased the total value of their imports. They have the old world for their market. It is better than a goldfield to them. Upon this beach amongst other places dies the frost tish, alias Hiku (Maori), «Ji-fc»5*'W(Jwuvric iii its liaDitS— au * un sociable, Ishmaelitish sort of party. Perhaps that is the reason why it is such a delicious article of food. An old native who had been a cannibal in his youth ful days, but had developed into an exemplary Church member, told me that in his experience tho most tasty fellow-creature to eat, taking all considerations into account, was a person of a gloomy uncommunicative turn of mind. People who reflected a good deal seemed to grow tender, and if he were ever going into the cannibal line again nothing shcidd ever induce him to make a meal upon a gentloman who did not reflect. He could not honestly re commend such a party for culinary pur poses. Gourmands say that their frost tish is the moat delicious in all the 5f ew Zealaudian waters, but the delicate toothsonieness of their flounder or sole shall have all my vote and in terest. The eccentricity of the frost fish's habits attracts attention to him; but the scientific men, of course, differ a good deal about the degree of his peculiarity, and consequently they make sarcastic remarks to each other. That is their general way. One thing agreed upou is that the frosr. fish, which is about 4 ft. long, aud weiglis 1 lb. to the foot, is never caught. He is always found in the early morning upon the beach above high water-mark. One section of the dis putants say that he is cast up by the ocean swells on frosty nights only, and that he strands hini6elf wliilst chasing smaller fish, and is frozen to death ; another that he does not choose frosty nights' any more than unfrosty nights ; another that he ia a deep-water inhabitant, and that when he gets into the shallow sea in connection with the spawning enterprises of his family he dies from the change of cliinate, aud is washed ashore dead ; another that in a certain depth of water he strikes his tail upon the sand or shingle, and then gives up the ghost ; another that he is blind, and cannot see that he is in danger of being stranded upon an inhospitable coast until it is, alas ! too late ; another that he simply puts into port to rub off parasites — dry-docks himself, in fact ; another that he goes to the foreshore entirely without any particular object — to see the scenery, perhaps, and is so enraptured with the view that he allows himself to be caushfc ; that, in short, he commits suicide whilst suffer ing from temporary mental aberration. This mystery enhances his value. He is sometimes bought for as much as half a crown a pound, which, according to the market scale, 'is a good deal more than some men and some marriageable daughters are worth. We cross the Wattakij- which is the dividing line between Otago and Canter bury, and one of the largest of New Zea land rivers ; and, 131 miles from Dunedin, all the way along the coast, we reach Timaiu, which has through many difficul ties developed into a prosperous place. The back country is as fertile as it is picturesque, but the town, like many others which we visited, appears to be overbuilt. The absence of larrikins and of Australian perpetual brightness is prov2d by the presence over the foc^ paths of glass verandahs, which the local youth, notUvinguptotheirstone-throwing privileges, have allowed to remain un broken. In some parts of New Zealand there is difficulty in getting a stone to throw, but here one sees enough to fit out quite a large number of larrikins. In one of the rights-of-way in the town I saw choice dahlias and migno nette growing in great ? luxuriance. Believing them to be provided for tho use of the public, and that the people of Timaru would be encouraged and nattered, by a little kindly attention from a distin guished visitor, I gathered some of the fragrant- blooms. I wish I hadn't done so. I was afterwards solemnly as sured that they were private property, and that their owner wished particularly to see me and to show me an especially brutal, eavage d--%, upon the sharpuess of ? whose teeth he prided himself. I deeply cegretted'ha'ving to plead auother eugage nient in excuse. I am not a good judge of bulldogs. - . Before we proceed we look at the Timaru breakwater, concerning which English financial writers have blunted so. niany pens and spilt so much ink. The opportunity, of seeing this structure is one of the attractions to tourists who come to Timaru as the best starting point for Mount Cook, which- they reach in two days' travel, chiefly coaching, via 'Fairlie Creek. The breakwater, which has cost a great deal of money, is Imilfc where iu full force the Eastern Pacific waves dash against it. No better spot could have been chosen for a contest between human engineering akili and the fiercest powers of the elements, but that probably bad no more to do with the intentions of the builders than ideas of the spectacular effect of the ocean,-beateu breakwater in stormy weather. A casual observer, however, might be forgiven if he pointed out a more - favourable-looking, partly sheltered place lower down tho beach. It. is just possible, of course,' that nobody in particular had- any 'land, there, ^or taafc it, was too far from TLmam,* or that it was not really suitable. I have frequently noticed that the. casual .visitor 'is— or honestly believes ^ that ho is — a greater expert than the professional engineer. The breakwater is made chiefly of great 30-ton blocks of -cameub and -rubble, which themselves were . first , cast in a huge - motdd. : Largo- numbers of these were dropped into the sea, and after they had settled down a solid monolith was formed over them. Thus a safe harbour was made, wherein are moorod large vessels taking away frozen meat which is prepared here, and large quanti ties of cereals. So heavy is the dash of the swell that when stormy winds do blow the water thunders against tho monolith in great masses, and the ships have to be moored by cables to reduce the oscillation until they are roped around as much as a wild bull prepared for the brand ing iron. Since the breakwater has been made the shingle has accumulated to a remarkable, if not a dangerous, degree upon one of its sides ; what the ultimate effect of this may be appears to be doubted even by the local men of the best information. One thing is for the present assured— the works have been of great value to Timaru, which before the harbour was protected was feared as a place with a great reputation for ship wrecks. One of the most conspicuous things in tho town is au obelisk, erected to the memory of a number of brave fellows who lost their lives in trying to rescue piissengers by two vessels wrecLod in the port iu 1882. The harbour works are undor the charge of a Harbour Trust, and an English paper has lately been attempting to prove' that that Trust commits sins of omission and sins of commission in management. The Trust replies through^he uews|-aper, and .seems to show that the English boirl nold.en* who }eut: t-Ue. money f«»r t=h« tporks have not suffered yet, at ally' rate, and that the prospective income ffoirs the harbour dueH mid the local rating is enough to meefe all obligations. Kveu it the worsLcAstse to. the .worst I suppose: the mouey- lendurs would hot suftssiv because' the New -Zealand, (-tuvernineut. no matter how much they -might protest, would doubtless be morally Ijtiund, for the sake of the national honour, to bike the responsibility for che loan. It seems to me, however, that this Harliour Trust system of New Zealand Is au excellent thing for South Australians to avoid. It probably would not he tolerated where it- exists if the conditions of New Zealand were- our conditions. In that country the extraordinary dispro portion of coastline, nearly all of it ex posed to tho immoderated fierceness of ocean waves, thegrcatnumber of dangerous fcmbrr!piieTbiinn^diffi«q.lftyjafj5ommuni all tend to complicate the management of tho ports, and explain the formation of the trusts. To these Trusts local meu are elected by ballot in the same- way as Councillors ; and they do~ the popular thing or the right thing according to their conscience or their light ; assist in borrow ing f roni England large sums of money, without . any personal responsibility, in order to make works which may. or may cot be entirely necessary ; and trust to their revenues and to * Providence to pay the interest and to repay the principal. The revenues are raised from local rates and from charges iqjoii the shipping for the use of the harbour accommodation.. Although some of the Trusts have done very fairly, and although the system under which they work is, a. fine one from a local poiub of view, even if it docs encourage the un necessary multiplication of harbours, I should not care upon the whole to lend much money to. a Harbour Board without the most absolute §tate guarantee. In «.-ne part of New -Zealand, is* a Board: which borrowed £200,000. but lias not con tinued to pay to its English creditor the rate of interest agreed upon, mid a candidate has 'recently been returned to Parliament for that district upon the distinct under standing that he will work his hardest to secure a removal of the harbour rate, and presumably to make the inte rest a charge ujion the general re venue. Then the members of a Har bour Board, being local property-owners and local residents, aud probably inte rested in local shipping, will naturally be averse to imposing taxes which might heavily affect their own property, or to making the harbour dues large. As en joyment of one form of public life leads to the attempt to enjoy higher forms, just as one sin leads to another, some of the members yf the Boards uo doubt intend eventually to try for Parliamentary election, and in the meantime are prone to do the thing which is popular. Thus in a oase the other day a Board reduced its charges because the income was good, instead of making an extra reserve for redemptiojt or for contingencies : other Boards are absurdly lavish in. spending their money. In one town, for instance, they liave erected a palatial suite of offices, which will probably be too large for thorn even if the building should stand till Millennial Day. Taking it altogether the more one sees of; the New Zealand harbour system the less one likes ifc. At its best it is risky. ????-. Amongst other places at which we tarry upon this journey is Ashburton, 178 miles from Dunedin, and fifty-two miles from Christchurch. The rigour of the hurri canes which blow across these Canterbury Plains has been modified here and else where by the planting of trees, both bv public bodies and by private individuals. Almost every piece of enclosed land — and there are some finely developed farms and gardens in the district — is sur rounded by thick hedges or loftier break winds. Theso plantations L-ive been most useful, for the force of the wind when old Boreas properly gets tobusinos3 upon his bellows is terrific. Anthony Trollope did not think it necessary to tell fhe New Zealanders not to blow. Their climate does nearly all the blowing which is recorded. The balance is done by their Parliament. Ashburfcon is a large wooden town, with copious water sup plies directed underground, and along :-pen channels upon the most perfect system of grading which I have ever seen. ' The time may come when the town will witness something like it3 old prosperity, .but it will probably \rrive iu a - very leisurely way. The pushing of the railway through the place lias diverted business from it. ' Spacious hotels, which were once too small for the crowds who sought their accommodation, ire now altogether top large for the requirements of visitors. The little ijpjMp who* -gy into- the 'dining- rooms at meal ' times seem lonely in the vicinity of the centre - table-land and the extensive desert of- floorplain which surrounds it. When: I see the residents of a prosperous .country town clamouring for' a railway to be put through it I think of a child crying because he is not allowed to touch a pretty, dazzling, red-hot coal with, his tender little fingers. At Ashburton is a fine hospital, tho matron whereof hasilori cultural knowledge enough to qualify her for a head-gardenership. She has turned every little nook and corner of the building into a conser vatory ; wherefore the patients bless her. A little way beyond the hospital is* a Benevolent Asylum for aged men ; it is called, in the pleasant fashion adopted throughout New Zealand, 'The Old Man's Home.' Of course it is all a matter of sentiment, but 'Old Man's Home7* has a much more engaging sound than ''Destitute Asylum.' The unfortu nate old fellows who live here are very proud of their ' home ;' they work in the garden, and manage to make it attractive, and in the fruit season one -of them manufactures, a fine lot of jam, wluch both he- and 'his com rades e6tcem above all other pre serves. New Zealand cares well for its unfortunate, its aged,, and^its 'indigent ;; and the day may come when a certain colony a little nearer to Adelaide will decline any longer to crowd some hun dreds of infirm old people in 'tho- midst of a hot city between high prison-like walk, bat will place the inmates in a locality away from the dust and bustle of the town, where they may breathe fresh air, and get, perhaps, a sight of the trees and the green grass, and a sniff of the wild flowers. They would |-rohably survivo the shock. The multiplicity of clocks in Ashburton reminds me to meution a special feature noted throughout New Zealand, probably in pursuance of the idea of the outfitters for Captain Cook's second South Pacific voyage, who made timepieces a special feature. You see clocks peering at you almost everywhere — big clocks and little clocks, ancient clocks and modern clocks, clocks which strike and clocks that are comparatively dumb ; demure-faced clocks with frosted dials, garish' clocks with gaudily painted faces ; fast clocks and slow' clocks, clocks which work and strike, clocks which, work with out striking, and clocks which strike work altogether, and, seeming always to have done so since they left England, have' now losfc so much time that they are quite unable to inako up the arrears. Others of the clocks display a creditable federal spirit by keeping Australian time \-- all sorts of Australian time, from an hour to two hours behind of New Zealand. The New Zealanders call that conduct disloyal depravity. I christen it federal ism and enterprise. New Zealanders are the first people in all the Southern Hemisphere jto.rise. from bed in. fehc morning,- and that unpleasant fact may iwi-ijy account for their apparent cxtra vji^ioce in timetiiec&s.; ? 