CHAPTER XIII. n_ iii-». ? n T\1 1 1 _ ÖUCH was the iirst evening ot lihoda s arrival, Joyous and hearty the welcome to the sister-link with the old past home. Bolt had not come up. He had much to do on his return, and indeed, it was but rarely that he could be induced to go into the ' drawing-room,' as Rhoda's new room .was called. < I wasn't born to drawing-rooms, and I don't know much,about easy chairs-they never fit me,' he had said when Dale had asked, him to join them. But to-night he had some other reason in addition to these. He had been with Rhoda for two days. Her beauty and kindness had struck him deeply. She had spoken to him at once as. to an old friend, and had laughed (as Rhoda only could laugh), and chatted gaily as they drove homewards. These two women-Miss Ventnor and Mrs. Dale-were they examples of the class he had railed against ? Full of heartiness and ease, with a total absence of that pride and worldliness he had looked upon as synonymous with 'society,' could they be representatives of that ' upper ten ' he had regarded with almost the hatred of a Nihilist, and wished to level to the dust ? The merry laughter on the Ventncrs' verandah seemed to Bolt's silver Geneva to jar upon that good fellow's earB. He felt, probably, that bright and kindly as Rhoda had been, she belonged to a different order, and was now, in a few moments of acquaintance, in much more close friendliness with Mr. Smith than she had been even at the last with him. Angry at his own weakness and jealousy, he jumped up, and with a half-growl and half-sigh, said : « I am a fool-a spoilt fool. Mr. and Mrs. Dale can and do make me equal with them in all possible ways, but a lovely girl ought not, and cannot. Why did she come to disturb my dream of social happiness ?' he continued. Then again he said : ' Idiot that I am, not to shake this off ! Who could help loving her, though ? I must and will love her, but I'll cut my tongue out before I'll let her know it.' At this'moment Dale and Bob came in. ' Bolt,' said Dale, ' I sent down for you, but you were away. You must dine with us to-morrow evening.' ' I was just looking round. I'm much obliged to you-I will gladi}* come to-morrow.' What it cost him to exhibit his ordinary manner, he alone knew. He had, however, set himself a task, and like the strong man he was, earnestly began it. He was, perhaps, more attentive to Bob that night than usual-at least, Double Case noticed it, and the elder man smilingly said, ' If you go on looking after me as you always do, I shall relapse again into a useless member of society.' ' Never,' said the radical. ' You'll be a hard-working squatter, and what's . more, a good bushman. Any laziness you may have, if I may say so, is the laziness of power. You never till now found your legs in anything. You've at last dis- covered your line of life, and you'll go for it.' * I'm very glad to find I'm really supposed to be worth anything,' answered Bob. ' I believe you will persuade me that I am a born colonist ; but I can't find another man such as you to help me on.' 4 I ! ' exclaimed Bolt, in genuine sur- prise. ' Why, I am a new-chum. I have to learn every day.' ' That may be ; but you do learn, and quickly, and work like a very Samson.' 'Yes; and if I should pull down the pillars of our own house, instead of ow enemies-what then ?' 4 Bob, with his pipe in his mouth, turned his head-" WJiat in the-Who on earth ' You must fall in love, and then go blind before that,' laughed Bob. 1 And I can't imagine either.' ' No,' said Bolt, stoutly ; but his Geneva told Double Case that his master started as if he had been struck. So the day ended, and the night came ; but Jupiter's provision of sleep did not apparently extend to the bush of Australia so completely as to govern the senses of everyone, for Bolt lay tossing. At last he startled his Geneva by leaping out of bed, and striding about the room, muttering, ' He little knew how right he was. I must fall in love and grow blind before I tear down the pillars of this happy home-it would do it-I can and must love her, but by God's help I will never be blinded by passion.' Self-con- quered at last he lay down and fell into the dreamless sleep of a strong man. Aud the summer days beamed on, the waratahs glowed crimson on the hills, the boroniaB flushed pink on shady slopes, while fringed violets peeped from among the feathery grass-flowers. And new human interests were waxing at the Thule Beeches-Rhoda's name for their home. Perhaps there is no place in the world where young people so soon become at home with each other , as on a station. Each one has to bear some portion of the daily work. There are only, for all of them, one or two outlets for pleasure or energy-riding, walking, or music, represent about all. Sometimes shooting wild fowl gives a variation, but then the party is not generally very large, and all go much the same way. In our case, where there were but five people, all told, making up the house party--and one of these being engaged in the various duties connected with the queen of babies-only four remained. Take two away on station duties, and two remained ; which they did. She in the delight of bush freedom and fresh air, and all the novelties of her life ;. he-well, he was delighted with anything, so long as she had something to do with it. Rhoda ought to have been happy indeed. It seemed that she was the centre round which everyone hovered. Bolt saw that her horse was always stabled and fed properly, and the harness cleaned. I say 4 cleaned,' but no London groom turned out his mistress better than the radical arranged for the young Englishwoman to be turned out, even when riding after wild cattle through stone and scrub. The various people on the run fell quite natur- ally into the same condition of worship. No one seemed to wonder at it, and Bhoda, petted all her life, accepted the homage quite as naturally as it was paid, her return being that sweetness of sympathy which was the very cause of these new friendships. In consequence of some business, Bolt had been unable to dine with tho Ventnors, as arranged, and it was not for several days that he could or would, perhaps, do so. The evening was a memorable one for him. He had often dined with Dale and Lucy, indeed, whenever he chose, but since the advent of Mr. Smith, he had felt some hesi- tation in forming one of the house party, and Rhoda's coming had -increased this feeling. Savage with himself at "being unable to accept the position of ease which the attitude of all of them towards him made possible, he shook off manfully his shyness, and did his utmost to preserve his old bearing as one of the family.' * As if a clock--' Once more stop, if you please. Are there many men or women who can hide their true feelings from keen observers ? I, Pendulum, answer ' NO,' in capitals. Who are the keenest observers ? Those who watch the game. Logically, then, I am one of the keenest observers. Think how many' years I've watched the game of life, standing apart ticking the decades, and then, if you can express any surprise at my deductions,, don't interrupt me any more, or I'll smash my centre wheel, and who's to mend me ? Bob had waited" to accompany Bolt, and by his friéndly conversation put him at ease again. Welcome, warm and true, awaited him. Dale accosted him with a small and obvious joke. ' You are an abominable past participle, or have been, for "Bolt" has become " Bolted." ' Lucy frowned upon him as far as she could, and said : 4 If I had ever dreamt you would have abandoned your god- child as you have done, I would never have committed her to your charge.' 4 You have been most cruel to me, Mr. Bolt,' said Rhoda, 4 for all the sponsorial duties have fallen upon me, and I am utterly exhausted.' 4 As for me,' added Bob,41 haven't had a comfortable night-pipe chat for days.' Bolt laughed his old happy chuckle, and, I could tell, was a victim of remorse. They were sitting in Rhoda's pretty room, and going into dinner Lucy said that it was a state occasion, and all formalities should be strictly observed. 4 Mr. Smith, you shall take me in; Mr. Bolt, you take my sister ; Dale, you can take in the teapot.' 41 am, then, in the highest society of you all, for my companion has-a-handle to her name.' ~ t That's a vile, far-fetched joke,' said Lucy. ' When you were in England ybii said puns were bad form.'. * My dearest wife, when you are walking as we are, with our heads hanging dowiir wards, all our notions must be turned upside down.' ' I'm sure mine are,' said Bob. The radical cast a quick glance at him., but whatever the sentence meant he showed no sign of directing it towards Rhoda, and did not look at her. So jealous love could not feel suspicious. Bolt had never in his life taken any woman in to dinner, and he felt a thrill of embarrassment when Rhoda came for his arm, after waiting in vain for him to offer it. The touch of her hand on his hard muscles seemed to soften his whole being. Delicious as the sensation was to him to have her, as it were, in possession, he felt from the readiness with which his arm was taken, and the matter-of-course manner of the action, that it was a pure formality to her. He braced himself up, and followed Lucy and her guest,mechanically taking his place at the table, not daring to place Rhoda's chair for her, as he noticed Bob did with Lucy's-another dig into his poor sensitive heart. He sat nervous and silent. Some chatter took place between the others, quite unimportant, but lazy and familiar, and again Bolt felt out of it. What could he say- to the beautiful girl,; looking so dainty.in her cloud of white muslin, with a bunch of their first red roses on her breast, contrasting with the neck that gleamed from! out the soft lace 'ruffles ? Womanlike,- she grasped the situation, andy turning .to him, said : ' You can't .think how prpud I felt this morning,' turned out as if I was riding in Rotten Row, when we met some men with cattle about four miles off. I heard one of them say, " Tom, that's a bit of Old England. Slap up, isn't it ? " I couldn't help saying " Thank you/' and Tom, touching his hat; said, " No. offence, Miss, I hope. I spoke too loud, but I was a stud groom at home." Then we stopped, and Mr. Smith and Tom talked horses and hunting, and I couldn't get a word in edgeways.' ' Now, Miss "Ventnor, that's very shame- ful of you,' said Bob ; .'T appealed to you several times, and I'm sure you enjoyed it; Besides, Tom and you had . a chat, all to yourselves.' 'Ah, that, of course,, was pleasant,' replied Rhoda, maliciously. ' Mr. Bolt, it's very rude, isn't it, for anyone to interrupt our conversation ? ' Bolt didn't quite know what to say^but he did the right thing in expressing his pleasure at Tom's remark. I could see he thought much as this :-' So this is the freedom with which these people talk. I daren't do it. This is the footing on which Mr. Smith and Miss Ventnor already are. I worship afar off, ready to do anything for her ;-he doesn't seem to do much, yet is far nearer than I am.' But he was not allowed to grizzle, for Dale burst out, < Bolt, my boy, I've only j ust thought of it. ' Do you remember the date?'' ' Yes,' he said, quietly. * And I am a thankless wretch not . to have done so before. Lucy, it's the anniversary of my smash and* Bolt's heroism. Here's his health.' ' His health,'. ' his health,' came from them as each drank their wine. The ' hero'; blushed like, a boy, and stammered, ' I did nothing but what any other man would have done.' .' You! did, indeed,' said Rhoda. ' You saved .Dale's life, by fighting those cattle, and not trying to escape. You ought to have the Victoria Cross.' : A Victoria Cross ! What could that bd to the radical socialist who despised decorations in comparison with one word of praise from those lips? He wanted to say something in return, but could not. His rival cam6 to his assistance, and covered the awkward silence with a joke. ' It is a shame they haven't invented a special cross for Australians. I'm pretty sure there are as true deeds of heroism done in the bush, and never heard of, as at Inkerman. We'll have to invent one, with gum-tree foliations, and the baby's head in the middle.' And so they chatted on, till even Bolt's reserve thawed, and he felt once more as one ? of them. There was nothing very wise or witty said .^-tney were far away from' the world of books and the great problems of the day, and the table-talk was of the lightest. So much the better.' Irve listened to many conversations in my time, and they all pass away like a wind that is gone, and no man convinces another in open discussion, or is moved far from his own standpoint. But sometimes, as I stood in the old library, I have heard deep tones of earnest converse when soul met soul, they, two alone with the world of books,'and the magnetism of thought passed and repassed in quick electric flashes that transformed the very being. ' I thought, as I marked the hours in those old times, that the very spirits of the authors seemed to come out of the ancient volumes as the readers mused with open pages, and hover around in ghostly communion. But all was changed here. There were few old volumes, and no ghosts, in the new land of gum-trees ; but minds were light and free, and full of eager life, and the careless chat chimed in with the light breeze which blew from the south pole across the pathless wilds. The night was dry and clear-none noticed far off a distant rushing sound. Ere I had struck the midnight hour, four peaceful heads had laid them down to rest. Only the curlews wailed in the distant glen, and one strong man lay awake, wrestling in soul's agony with passion and despair, in self-controlling honour. (To be continued.} 