CHAPTER XII. THEY BOTH HAVE THE IB. SECBETS. i The time came when Pinne could move around the house, and he fretted not a little as to his future success. It never occurred to him, or his friends, that he would return to the school. The Tiger never inquired for the boy, he may pos- sibly have known-the meanB of knowing such things at the command of thia wealthy Spaniard were far greater than that pos- sessed by the city secret service; and it was an exceedingly curious fact-as stated by the chief of police-that Spanero had gone on to the Chamber of Commerce once, as a total stranger, and made a small fortune. He sold 'futures' in consols. Three days after, a sailing packec came with the news that consols had dropped to such an extent that Spanero reaped a great harvest. It was secretly understood that in some way Spanero waa interested in certain foreign governmental affairs, but not the slightest clue could be obtained as to the nature of this interest. , These weeks were not without events. The mau who kept the restaurant whence tho Tiger's meals were brought had A little private office in the rear corner. This small room was noticeable on aecount of its bareness, the furniture consisting of two fragmentary chairs. And that was all. The walls were not plastered, but ceiled. It had but one window, and that was unusually high and smalt. If there were any place to store things in this little den it must have been in tho wall by secret panel, for not even a box rested upon the floor. There waa a door leading into the restaurant, and another opening to the alley at the rear. These doors were tiimmed with spring locks, both opening from within. The restaurant was peculiar in that it did not seem to have, nor seek, a regular custom. Very few who dropped in acci- dentally repeated the accident. There was a waiter and he was deaf. The cook room waa a rear room in the next building, ocnnected by a swing door. This Bide of the square extended into the disreputable district, a sort of thieves' quarters. Every city has such sections, and usually in close proximity to the respectable part of the city. In this building a part of the history we are narragating transpires. At 1 o'cl wk in the morning, two of the most interesting characters it will ever be our misfortune to meet occupy the grimy and insecure ? chairs mentioned as the furniture of the private room. One of these was the proprietor of the restaurant. His round, lumpy head and high bare forehead were surmounted with a closely-cropped coveting of hair-a Bfcyle not at all in vogue at that time. This man was probably forty-five years of age. . The face was broad and brown, leathery, and lines rather than wrinkles crossed if. out- lines of passion and sensuality. But his mouth was not thick and animal ; on the contrary it was thin, somewhat broad, and intensely determined. If the reader has in mind a picture of Spanero, let thia individual be tho contrary in feature. He was under hight, but stoutly built. HÍB clothing was>f dark gray stuff, old and greasy, and his hands clumsy and repul- sive. He was a powerful man and a character. A candle was daring in the room on a chimney cornice, and cast an unhealty and unfavorable light upon this person and his companion. The latter was gaunt, tall, and angular. Chest sunken, bald head, always covered by a consumptive looking old wreck of a cap ; he was of ashen-gray countenance, large, red streiked eyes. When he moved his limbs moved only. His nose was slightly Romanised, and his teeth were waiting for the dentist of the future. He was a spare, repulsive-looking creature, whom you would rather not meet in the night with- out your club and a reliable dog. And yet, when he spoke, you listened to a soft, kindly voice-a voice which you would say you had heard before ; and you would ransack memory to find the owner of the original-among all the gentlemen you had met in-the past. On his feet were sheepskin shoes, with wool left on the bottoms. The gaunt, thin faced man had a bad, graveyard cough. . I dunna Bee, Stub, whut ye do wi' that cough whin ye're oot, mon V said the short man, whose name, so far as Boston culture could inform us, was Speters. 4 What would I be doing with anything that Idid'nt want?' 4 Whut wud uny mon be doon wi' it wha, man, yad shut it up.' * Yes, I do shut it up-and with this,' said Stub, his lank face and large eyes aglow as he brought forth a small vial filled *ith pellets. 4Un whut mut it be that?' asked Speters. 4 That is tho God that I worship. I am safe when that is with me, and ra danger when it is not.' 4 Un it doon't luk like opum.' 4 But it cornea from opium,' replied Stub, *so they tell me, and it works mighty quick, too, for .in ten minutes I feel it tingle, and in twenty it puts iron in my blood.' '.But, mon, it will kill thoo.' 'Can't do it too soon. Speters, I would not mind that, but the ghosts while Hive.' * You're cracken in yor ooper story un you better luve it aloon.' ' I believe you, Speters. I met a pair af lovers the other night, and in my mind was a dream of what took my child from me years ago-and I looked up, and sure enough there wa9 my child what was drowned-as big as life, just SB I dreamed.' 'Thutshoos thut ye wont last much longer.' * Your right again, for,, upon my soul, I saw before me my own picture, as I was a squid hanging to my mother's apron strings in old Cambridge.' 'ïu did? And what did yu say to yerself?' asked Speters, with a grin which called up the idea of a graveyard. * I didn't say a word to myself. I looked at myself and myself looked at me, and upon my BOUI if myself didn't feint away.' * Un we doon't blame myself for that,' suggested Speters. ' But what had 1 to do with it 1 li it was a lad, why should he tumble over ? ' * Sure an' wouldn't yer dooty kill a man at close quarters ? ' Stub opened his thin jaws, and took a pill into his mouth, and smacked his lips. * It was a ghost, Speters-I know them, there was no one there.' 4 An' yur not afraid uv um ? ' ' Afraid man ? Why man, what cares a man who has nothing to live for ? Live for what I get ? No, Speters, no, there is no fear to a man who don't care when he tumbles off the wharf.' * Why don't you tumble yourself off? ' said Speters. 'Because I haven't killed a Spaniard yet?'replied Stub. 'Hev a care, Stub,' said the other, with a heavy frown. ' Hev a care abooc th« Spunyard. Our mon be a Spunyard.' * And I knew that, too-or I wouldn't have been here.' And so the interesting twain sat and talked for a quarter of an hour longer. Il is not hard to see that Stub has been 8 man of parts. His language has but a slight mixture af dialect, and even at thit time accent and pronunciation pointed tc no inconsiderable culture. The thieves vocabulary had not yet been invented Bub the language of Speters waa still more of a puzzle-simply because hil dialecb was strained, and evidently a pooi attempt to reach the North England type, With all the depravity evident in the makeup of Stub, there was no questioi but that Speters was the most desperate villain of the two. A peculiar knock was heard on the outer door, a key was thrust into the look, and Tiger entered. He glanced at Stub a moment, and turning to 8peters, said : 4 Is this the man ?' ' The man' had his cold, Bteelgray eyet on the Tiger. It was not the glance that he had before cast upon a supposed ghost. It had something' of strength in it. Ht took another pill. 'This is the mun,: replied Speters. 4 And has he done his work to-night ?' 'Before we ahnswerthut, cap,' said the short, stout villain, bringing his small, serpent eyes upon the Tiger, ' we will talk uv Boomthing ulse.' ' Well, talk of what you want to, bul get off from that brogue and do youl practising on the devil.' ' That is all right, sir ; but that is nol what I have to say,' returned the villain, changing his method of speech. 4 If you have anything you wish to saj before this man, go ahead.' 'It is before thia very man,' said Speters, sullenly. Spanero walked across the floor, s heavy frown resting upon hisface. * Drivt on,' he muttered. ' All I have to say is a devil of a little. It is that we want to know the bilk in thc glitter for us.' 4 Have you not beon well paid for youl services ?' ' Noo, we ha' noot.' ' Don't you get this d-- croak's nesl for nothing ?' said Spanero. ' Whut o' that ; Hey ye not orookec the bilk o' thousands hore theesel' ?' .Do I not pay you well for running this cookshop ?' * An' hev ye not yer oon spun in th« dish?' 'Well, out with it, man,' sputtered Spanero, still walking back and forth ' If you have anything to say let ic.' 4 And I hev this to say, captain : ' I: that ere coop is busted next week, he wi! hev hi» thoord, and me will hov mj thoord, and ye will hev my thoord, anc ye will hev your thoord-and that is al there be to it.' 4 And if you don't get a fl' put note V * Then pard an' me won't divide it uj wi' ye.' Spanero took this all very coolly. H< waited a moment and then drew a silver mounted pistol from his Bide coat pocke -one of the long-barrelled, flint-loci weapons-took his handkerchief a_( polished the barrel, as he said : 4 Speters, we will have no words abou this job. You will do as I direct, and n( grumbling, either. If you make mi trouble I will put a bullet into your head, and if you spout I will have you hung t< the bridge within an hour by a mob-di you understand ? ' 'No, 1 don't.' returned the other. ' Do you want me to explain ? ' askec Spanero, bringing the pistol to bear upoi Speters' face. During thÍB somewhat interesting pro ceeding Stub, who apparently was nol acquainted with Spanero, sat with his chit on his breast and his eyes crossed. He did not raise bis lids even under the in spiration of a possible row or even murdei -such Í3 a mannerism of the criminal class. 4 Spanero, if you play mo foul, aa yot have another, you will be shaken out in an hour and your rookeries burned to th« ground Put up that nonsense-I am nol afraid of ye.' * This weapon, Speters, is quicker thar a knife, and I propose to stop this grumb- ling at once and for all.' ' You do ? ' BHi'd Speters, sharply. 4 Else there will be war between us.' ' Then it will be war, between us.' .Then it will be war,' replied the thickset man carelessly, throwing one leg over the other. ' Speers in a beautiful name, isn't it ' Now, you have nor told thia man here your other name. He looka like a gentle- man beside you, and I don't think you are a fit man for hi;n to a«sociate with. Shall I introduce you u> him?' 4 Look our, jiiniard,'said the villain arousing himself. * You sui, ¡ii.., iiwters, at your leisure ; and when 1 <:i- : itsrfer-will be opened at polieo ¡.".'..'<; . - of thia city which will set «very ot:- -,r '.esa cursed new-fangled telegraphs ir: .a-j.'ion. Do you know what i hey will s:<y. fisked the Tiger, fasten* mg his g:;«y ' V- - un tile leathery face hi-fi »ri*. Iiim. . 4 No. Whnt'sit all abooc, anyhow?' ' Well, it's -.about summoning every spy, detective, and officer in this country to instant duty.' ?it wouldV 'And then a United States clipper cruiser would go to France to warn the continent and England.' I 4 And what for Y 4 To hang you,' said Spaner». The villain raised his eyes to the Spaniard's face, and they looked at each other steadily for. a moment. Then Speters let fly a single word. 'Hslil' . "íes, they want to find an assassin- . one who kilia princes and breaks up crown jewels-Bee Y Like a snake uncoiling after a fright, the tense muscles of Speters loosen and his knit brow relaxes. Then he says moodily : 4 What will they do with the principal in that little affair Y 4 He will be dead. You will have killed him.' 4 Spaniard, put up that püttol. Have your own way.' Spanero put it out of sight and moved to the door. 4 Speters, PInnie is still at the lawyer's house. I want either you or this man to cook him.' Spanero withdrew and closed the door ; but immediately opened it again, thrust in his head and said : 4 The notice has gone to headquarters that if Mr. North brings funds with him from Philadelphia he had better take it to his house, and keep the business office under full guard.' He then withdrew. Speters looked up and said, 'Stub, what makes your eyeB so bright Y The fact was that Stub was Bitting up as straight BB a militia colonel, his eyes brilliant and his cheeks aflame. 4 It's the cough medicine ! ' 'WaB there something about Spanero that brought up the pills 1 ' 4 Yes,' replied Stub, 'but I don't know what it was.' 4 Then you don't know this hell brat 1 1 * No.' 'It is well ; but did you get into the house 1 ' ?4 Yes. I entered two of the rooms.' 'You're a cat.' 41 inspected all the lighted rooaiB from the outside and from the projecting windows. Two of the dark rooms ] entered by a large' chimney, in whiol there had been no fires for a long time.' 4 Wonderful ! Did you locate the muni' ment room 1 ' 4 Yes. and can get into it without break ing a wall or a lock.' 4 Give it to us easy, Stub.' 41' faith I speak the truth. I saw tht keys taken from a panel when I was ii the room.' 4 The devil !' 4 Yes,'said Stub, 41 stood in the fire place, and, curse my miserable soul, if '. didn't have to hustle to get there, whei a fine old lady entered with a candle and all that crowd in the other rooms too.' 4 Scraps 1' ejaculated the other man. 4 Yes, Speters, and, by the ragged St Francis, the. old lady looked right at me, squarely-and she didn't know it;-'. didn't have my party clothes on, yoi see.' 4 She would have sworn she looked a the devil ! ' 4 She unlocked a little panel in the old fashioned wainscotted wall, and took ou the keys. The jim end of my knife wil force it, and there are but two doors ti the vault. It is off from an old dining room-used in the old Dutch days. Bu the most singular thing was what I saw ii the crowd, through the windows-th young woman who was with my spook the one that fainted away.' 4 Spook ? ' asked Speters. ' Yes. The slimins with the bfg eyes The other one of myself. 4 Wonder if that spook isn't Pinnie Y 4 The chap what the boss wanted us t put under cover Y ' That's the chick, Stub.' ' Well, this fellow will not go nude sod again- not until I go 1' 4 Well, let us go hence.' said Speters suddenly changing the subject. Without a word the two men passe out into the restaurant room. The silently wended their way behind a liquo counter, lifted a trap door, and, in th darkness, silently dropped to the celia below. Without stumbling over any of th numerous kegs and caiks, the villainot twain made their way to the corner of th cellar, directly under the private rooi they had recently left. Spetere scratche one of the then recently invented lucifc matches, and lighted two bull's-eye o lanterns. In another moment the two men wei digging in a passageway, the direction i which was toward the foundations of ti 4 school building.' The corner of the brickwork of thi interior building was, perhaps, 150 fe« away from the rear of the reatuarant, an in that interior structure, on the fin floor, was the vault or the treasure roo: of Spanero. Upon the outside was but blank wall up to the first floor, and the a single window marked tha place whei i the Spanish artist's private room wa 1 adjoining his office. And here we leave the precious twai to their dark work-in which the Tig< was probably not a partner. The above chapters appeared in oi Sports Edition on Saturday last, havii been crowded out of the MINER owing : the enormous demands for advertiaii space. Chapter 13-44 Hope lightly, ai may God stay by you"-will appear t morrow._ 