The Wedding Ring. Its History Bans Bacb to tho Begin- ulsg of Bscordcd Ximo. ja AcolcDt Day. II Waa Vied aa'oa-.Bmt blcm o! Bclrolli',!— Tho Important 1'ail II Maya In Iho Mar- . . liaBo Cexomony.ol': , : , thc J'/Mcot. II Is jn inoonlrotertabla (aot Ihnt ovsry woman leels n nerlab interest in Iho eubjeot AnH.indeed, it Is natural enough that thia should be so. Tie and symbol beyond aught else of ths moit lm. poilant oriiis in a woman's life/tho wedding ring most neoossatlly bo fraught wills f asolna alike 0lf and maI» for old and . young Jnow» wore worn In old Biblo days, .though what past tbsy originally played in tho nnpUo! ceremony is not so clear, But at anv rate thay form an important portion of, tho wedding service among tbo modern. Jews, tho regulation in lorco among them on -this head bring .very etxiol Tho sing must io every casft bo ex amined and eertiilcd by tho omriaHog rabbi of tho synagogue, to mako euro that it fa of the proaoiibedyaioc, end Ibo simple opera Hon of placing it open tho fingor is so bind lug' that ibis alone, apart from any. other portion of the . ceremony, is oonsldored to aohstitato a legal marrlsgo. ; ' In point of fact, however, it is not from tho Jews, bat from the Romans that tfao nations of modern Europe derlvolbcir wedding sing. Among tho ancient masters of tbo world, rings wcro commonly used as pert of tho ilto of betrothal. But it is worth whilo to notice that there wao one special difference be tween the ancient and modern use of rings in this reaped. r Id their original employment thoy wors re.Uy not wedding bol betrothal rings ; thai in, ,boy mm given sad Uten >s tho poblio expression ol nun', promiso Ion woman that he. wonld marry her, As a learned wiucr has told os fn regard to .the «r7 Jtalisua," a man who wished to plidco bis fsith to a woman, plsocd a ring upon her flnger, wbioh is at . Iho present day preserved for the benedibtion of marriage." Two points are thus to be remembered-— that io tho oid dave there' were two distinct ceremonies— i tho betrothal nnd. tho aetoal wodaipg— both of . which wero equally ss sentiel to tbo foil solembisation of a mar .ringo i and alsu that tho ring was originally osed, not for the second ctromooy, but for the first, Buoh was tbo custom during tho' pagan era; and so it remained throughout the early centuries of Ohrieiieoity. Marriage even then, and for a very considerable period alterwards, waa regarded in the light of a civil contract only, and was entered into b< fcro a magiiUato; while the ringitself was need ss the symbol of promise in the pre liminary rite of betrothal. Gradually, howovcr, these two ceremonies became merged into one by the loss on the pari of the betrothal of its first forms! o&araotor.; 1> or some time after this, and in oonsequenoo of it, tboro was no email uncer tainly in the ose of the ring, which was not (infrequently left out of tho business alto gether. But, after awbila il'reseeerted its importance, end ones moro cams into general ate. Moreover, It now began for the first timo to limit itself habitually to tbo tingle coop of plain gold—a form which haa beeomo inseparably connected with all our modern notion ot what ,tbe wedding ring should j ns to® seen— to the eurprire, doubtless, of not a few readers— that the wedding ripgis not a OhrisHau instltotloaat all, but rather ona wbioh wo havo inherited, along with so much elso in ons oeremonial, dircQtiy from elasaica! antiquity. This leads tho writer to menHon a odrious point io con nootioo with its oommon bmploymoot. in pagan Borne tbo betrothal ring was worn on the third fioger (the ono noxt to Ihslittle finger) of tbo left hand, as it ie today. This position Is raid to fatTo been ohosen from tbo belief— unfounded, of oooreb— that there was avemornervo rnnning dlrcotiy from that finger to Ibo heart, a belief that was accepted, nol alooo by tbo. ignorant masses, hut also by tho. learned men— the: doctors and philosophers of, the. time.; Bnt in. early Christian dsy'au; good -deal ofoonfusion seems to have prevailed upon lbs matter, as a result of wbioh the ring was olton placed and worn upon tbo women's rightbacd. In tbo old Gaulsbory. Manual is. found epeoiflo refercnco to tble fool in a very singular pas sage, wbioh throws soma interesting light on the subject of tbo wedding ceremony in g snore). From this we learn that tho bride groom was torecoive thoriuglrom tbepriest, who baa blessed it (and tbie blessing, ft may be remarked, is still bitted at in lbs marriago then holding thought Imodf Ihobrlde in his own lelt band, ho was to reolto tha words ; " Wilb this ring I thee wied." Then he' wae to place tho ring on tbo right-hand thumb, ssying : "In Iho namo of tha Father then on. tho first flnger with tbo words : " and of the Bon then on thoseoond fioger, adding: "and Holy Ghost," and finally, with tho worde oloaing: " Amen," on the third finger, where it was/to remsin, Bat in coarse of time unifofmlly was established in favor of the left band, and: them Ja so longer koom' for question - oonoerning : this .important point. Of course, no one acqdaiotcd with tho manisgo sorvlco of tlio English Epis odpnl ohuroh needs to bo told that il ia absolutely necossary, according to' tho rltee of that ohnrob, that a ring ohoald bo employed. Buk boyond the aimnle ordinanco tliat a ring there mnsi bo, tho ohuroh makes ; no epeoifis conditions,-, so, that jeorious Vaa it may ap poar) a ring of any eizo or , weight, matorlel or paUorD, will serve tho ; purpoao perfectly well. It is patarally enough not of ton that ono haa / to obro&Iolo; any dopnrtntQ from ro- oogaised.ouelom in this regard; but such de partures do ftom Urns to tima ooeur. A story is told ol two pauperis "who camo'to ohuroh and requested to be married with the ohuroh kov/as the peroohial authorities had not furnished thoin with a ring," Tho blerk, it is said, not unnaturally, felt-. "some driicsoy " . about this,' aud finally found au- other way out of . the difflcuHy, Hofetdhed ah old ourlaln ring from bis own hoose and with this extraordinary artiole the loving oonplo wero duly united In tho bonds of holy .matrimony; But, though . Ibis partloular clork saw fit to. hositsto, tba churoo Uoy bas been omplovod, and that more tbou oneo, in the place of tbo ring daring the last hundred 'years, Even the Duko of HsmiUon f1 was marriod .at. May Faix with a bod enrtain ring." Nor, does this by any means exhaust tho list of ecocntcio makeshifts. To givo my ono other inrieooo,' it ie a matter of history that a lady was onoo married with a ring of leather out transvcreoly from the finger oi Iho bridegroom's glove. . Thus tho plain gold hoop how sanoiloned by long ussgo, and surrounded as it is by untold associations, fa by no -means so cs sontial to. tbo' marrisgo ordinsnoo aa -most peoplo suppoeo. Indeed, il is only dnriog more rcoent years tbstitbao bocnaccopted os tho only proper form ot.wodding-ring ; tor in former days rings uacd for marriago wero frequently chased, or cot with Atones, or in scribed on tho tnuido or outeido with names, initials, or mottoes. Ono might givo a long list ot these mottoes, or pOBtoa aa tfaoy woro called, hut it wou1dl)OTdIy bo found Intcrcct ing or. inetruotivo ; for they wero not as a rulo dietiuguisbod by great poetio ability or maikcd originality ot thought. . Bolt appears that the wadding-ring, -.like all things human, has its history ond its- romanoo,' .Nowadays it may indcodbo eaid that. its adventures aro woll.nigh over;.. Per haps so, Bat, be that ao ii may, tho writer feels sofa in prophesying, that so long as hearts beat io unieon to tbo samo hopes, the eamo aspirations, the osmo desires,, co long will tho. wedding-ring keep its - hold upon us all, as .tho enduring . symbol, of faith and fl&orifioo;, ; Van DoDsn (indignantly) : "I am not quite a fool, Mies Amy H . Amy : "No— notqulto." . Oalleo: VWhoro'fl your father V'' Uurobln: ITn'o shlnglin'," Csllor 5 "Tho barn ?' Biohiu t Tomro;," 