Wiit nnb Ipjumar, Earth has no greater joy than the discovery of a half -sovereign in a cast-off vest. Weeping wife — ' Oh, dostor ! Is mv hus band very ill ?' Doctor — ' Well, yes, my dear madame. But console yourself ; his disease is of high scientific value !' Young husband — ' My dear Melanie, I must say that this pudding tastes very bad.' Wife — ' All imagination ; it says in the cookery book that it tastes excellent !' She (trustingly) — ' Am I the only girl you ever loved, Jack?' Jack — 'Why — yes — cer- tainly, my dear— that is to say— the only girl I ever loved as I love you, my darling.' A correspondent asks us, 'What is love?' A recently married young man replies — ' Love is an extravagant desire on a man's part to pay a woman's board and lodging bills.' Miss Parsons — ' And Adam was very happy. Now Willie, can you tell me what great misfortune befell him f Willie^ — ' ' Please, Miss Parsons, he got a wife.' Employer — 'James, here is a letter for you from the dead letter office.' James (in grief) — ' Then ifs from my son. He's bin sick for weeks, and I've been expectin' this every day.' She (her first season) — 'I have been shut up in a boarding-school so long that I feel very awkward and timid in company. I do not know what to do with my hands.' 'He — 'I'll hold them for you.' Magistrate — 'This is about the twentieth time you have been before me for being drunk.' Prisoner^ — 'Yes, your worship, and nobody ever thinks of rewarding me when Jm now and again sober.' First Humorist-^' We are told that the trees always leave in the spring. Now where do they go?' Second Humorist — 'Oh, they branch out in all directions ; but they keep it shady wherever they are !'' 'It's a blessed good thing,' said Mawson, as he gazed on the ocean — ' It's a blessed good thing the ocean's bottom is solid.' ' Why? ' ' Think of what a geyser there'd be on the other side of the earth if it leaked.' Fair mistress— ' Bridget ! Why— what— how dare you — aren't you ashamed to wear my hat ?' Bridget — ' Divil a bit I am, moi lady, for sure I didn't know it was last year's fashion till I wint into the park this mornin'.' He — 'Yes, darling, and it shall be the pur pose of my life to surround you with every comfort, and to anticipate and gratify your every wish.' She — 'How good of you, Harry. And all on twenty-five shillings a week, too !' 'This room is very close,' remarked the guest to the head waiter. 'Can't I have a little fresh air f. The well-drilled automaton raised his voice to a high pitch. .' One air,' he yelled — after a pause adding, ' Let it be fresh.' Adeline— 'Why, Mabel, you have let your hair grow dark again. Last time I saw you it was a lovely blonde.' Mabel — ' Yes, dear ; but you know I am in mourning now for poor dear' papa. I'm not wearing light shades at alL' 'Yes, the ceremony has been performed, and John and Mary are one.-' 'Indeed! Which one ?' *' Well,' answered the lather of the bride, 'from what I know of Mary's mother, I should say— but, ahJ here she comes.' Even in; our day there are persons who can sympathise with the aspiration of Dr. Johnson in connection with the execution of a piece of music which he was informed was so very difficult — ' I would, madam, that it were im possible.' 'Now, George, you must divide the cake honorably with your brother Charles.' ' What is [honorably, mother ?' ' It means that you must give him the larger piece.' 'Then, mother, I'd rather that Charles should divide it.' Hostess (to little visitor at tea who has been lifting up the tablecloth now and then and looking curiously underneath) — ' What are you looking at, my little man?' 'Oh, mamma said you keep such a shabby table, so I wanted to see it.' Mozart was paying a visit to a monastery, and during mass was tortured by the playing of a ludicrously inefficient organist. At dinner the prior asked Mozart how he liked the organist's performance. ' He plays in quite a Biblical fashion,' said Mozart. 'What do you mean?' — 'His left hand does not know what his right hand doeth/' An old gentleman tells a good story about his middle name, which is EzekieL 'I asked my father once,' said the writer, 'why he ever put such a thing as Ezekiel in my name, as to the best of my recollection no family pre cedent or close friendship with anybody of that name warranted it.' 'My son,' said he, 'I did it to keep you from ever parting your name in the middle.' 'Well, Johnny,' said his mother, 'did you have a pleasant time at the Sunday- school picnic ?'_ ' No,' Johnny growled. 'I didn't get nothin' to eat but a san'which an' a couple of dry cookies with red sand sprinkled on top.' ' Why, what became of the beautiful chocolate cake and chicken salad that I gave you to contribute?' ' The ? superintendent] 3.ir the teachers ate 'em.' 'Landlord, I want tobe called at7o'elo3k ? * sharp to-morrow morning.' 'Ali right, sir, I'll wake you myself.' ' Are you sure that ? you won't oversleep? Have you an alarm clock ?' ? ' No, but we have a baby.' One of Mr. Arthur Balfour's brothers, being an ardent apjostle of the {esthetic school, was once discussing the subject of art-culture with Lord Salisbury. Finding the Prime Minister anything but responsive to his theories, he observed — 'I am afraid, uncle, you are a sad Philistine.' ' In that case,' Lord Salisbury responded, ' I am not the first who has suffered from the jawbone of an ass.' Mr. W. S. Gilbert, the famous librettist, was intended for the bar. In a recent interview he says : — ''I was not fortunate in my clients. I well remember my first brief, which was purely honorary. I am a tolerably good Frenca scholar, and was employed to interpret and translate the conversations and letters between attorney, leading counsel, and client — a Parisian. It was at Westminster. The French man, who was a short, stout man, won his case, and he looked upon me as having done it all. He met me in the hall, and rushing up to me threw his arms round my neck and kissed me on both cheeks. That was my first fee. On another occasion I defended an old lady who was accused of picking pockets. On the con clusion of my impassioned speech for the de fence she took off a heavy boot and threw it at my head. That was my second fee.' Blakchaed and the Borrowing Peinteb. InBlanchard's 'Reminiscences' just issued ib is stated that in the early ' forties' he was induced by a small printer and publisher ia Holywell- street, named Bostock, to write him a novel. The venture was not unduly lucrative. 'On a certain Saturday Bostock entered the room in which the author was hard at work and with a rueful expression of countenance said, ' Pm going to take a great liberty, but could you lend me a little money ? I only want a pound. My paper merchant) wants something on account, and until I pay a trifle he won't send me the ghost of a quire.' The historian of Bamwell's perfidious doings informed Mr. Bostock that he was 'stumped.' 'Have mercy on me, Mr. Blanchard ! You don't know the straits of mercantile men. You're at work in your shirt sieves, let me have your coat and waistcoat to raise a few shillings on them. Sparks will soon close his warehouse, and if I don't work to-morrow we can't get the novel out next week, and I have no paper at aJL Your things can be taken out a little after six, as my boy Ezekiel is going to bring home some money.' The author took off his waistcoat, and then Bostock nastily re marked, * I am ashamed to make such a re quest, as you are so kind and affable, bub could I beg your boots, too ! With an illus trated Bible upstairs and your things I can easily get the sovereign.' * Have you a pair of slippers?' *No; but there's an old rug in. the next room, can't youresb your feet on that? I'll have everything out at the time I've named.' 'Well don't spoil the ship for a ha'porth of tar,' laughingly exclaimed the author. ' Mind, boots, waistcoat, and coat by a quarter, past six, as I have to geb tip to the Yorkshire Stingo to hear Bob Glindon and Kitty Tunsfall sing.' Bostock went away and some time elapsed before he again appeared. His demeanor was miserable in the extreme on re-entering the room. 'Been a long time, Mr. Bostock. How have you got on? 'Awful, sir; everything seems to go wrong. Sparks took the sovereign which I raised, bub won't send any paper. Ezekiel has been dis appointed and I'm without a shilling. Ib there anybody you know that would advance a trifle? I'll go with pleasure, I want a trifle so bad.3 'Mr. Bostock, let us have no trifling. Go and get some money and let me have my clothes.' 'I could if I had five shillings. Things are awful to contemplate. If Sparks had sent thepaper some of ib might have gone for work. There's a man would lend me half a sovereign if I paid him back a crown Pm in his debt. He lives in Newcastle-street. As a last resource, Mr. Blanchard, will you let me have your trousers for an hour ? Not longer. A crown will set me free till Ezekiel comes back from Cripplegate, where he's gone for five pounds. Let me have the trousers for an hour ? ' Do you think that I am going to be played with, any longer ? My difficulties nave always been great, but I'm not going to fight this ridiculous situation in a state of semi-nudity. Go out and get relief somehow.' The hours rolled on but no Bostock appeared, and the end of the matter was that Blanchard had to pass the. hot night in the printer's stuffy little office.' 