COSTLY INDIAN WARS. [From the Glcb&Democrat.;'] Since July 4, 1776, wnen tne uovern ment began, the Indians have cost the United States a thousand million dollars. 'When the old Pequot Chief met the lolgrim rathers near 1'lymoutn Kock, and. said, 'Welcome, Englishmen,'- he spoke for 1,000,000 Indians. That was the estimated number of the red race then living within what are now the hounds of the United States. And so it appears that to date the act of dispos sessing the aborigines has cost $1,000 for every buck, squaw, and papoose living on the soil when the white man came. These are round figures, but they are very close to the exact record. Three years ago Mr. Tom Donaldson, who is now in charge of the Indian census, made a careful compilation. He showed that' from July 4, 1776, to June 30, 1886, the Indians1 had cost the Government §929,239,284 2c. It is safe to say that the four years added to the record since Mr. Donaldson's researches will bring the figures up close to one thousand mil lions. This enormous amount is about one- third of what the war of the rebellion cost. One-third of the one thousand millions has been spent in pacifying and civilizing. Indians.'. Two-thirds, of the one thousand millions have been absorbed in fighting Indians. ....'.-::. .' '. \- -Senator Doolittle, of- Wisconsin, once ventilated' this Indian, war business. He was in the Senate when it was proposed to negotiate a peace with the Uavajoes. Several other senators demurred to the cost of the proposed treaty. Mr. Doolittle told them something about the cost of Indian wars. At the same time he gave some interesting facts, about the origin of these Indian wars. What is known as the great Sioux war started in 1852. At that time there was perfect peace on the plains. Some Mor mons were. driving their cattle towards' Salt Lake. Near Fort Laramie was a gathering of Indians. The military post was there, and the Indians were camped near it. One of the Sioux killed a cow belonging to a Mormon. The emigrant complained. The officer in command at the post sent out a subordinate with twenty men. This little force went to the Indian camp, and demanded the surrender of the Sioux who had killed ?- the cow. The alternative was that the camp would be fired upon. The Indians replied to the demand—' We are willing to nav for this animal : we will mv vou in Dunaio roDes or Dunaio smas. The army officer declined. He repeated his demand for the immediate surrender. The Indians refused. The officer gave the order to fire. The men— twenty — obeyed. In twenty minutes the soldiers were killed and scalped. That was the beginning of the Sioux war of 1852. : The war lasted three or four years. It cost the United States between §15,000,000 and §20,000,000. ? , .; .. . . The Navajoe war was another which Mr. Doolittle told about. For many years after this Government acquired the territory in which the Navajoes lived there was no trouble. One day a Uava joe_Indian was visiting the fort where the troops were. He got into a quarrel with a negro boy belonging to one of the officers. The supposition, was that the negro insulted the Indian. The latter drew his bpw and put an arrow into the negro, killing him. Then he fled to his tribe. The officer sent a demand for the surrender of the Indian. The tribe re fused to give liim up. Without any delay the troops were marched out, and war was begun. Three campaigns were made against the Navajoes on this provo cation. The United States troops were beaten in each of them. , This Navajoe war cost the Government nearly §20,000,000. .The biggest of all recent Indian wars was the one about which least was pub lished. It began in 1862. It had its origin in a comparatively insignificant ?matter. A contractor for furnishing Indian supplies sent to the Sioux agencies what was supposed to be prime mess pork. The consignment was found to consist largely of heads of hogs. The Indians went back on such rations, and took the warpath instead of the souse. Generals Sibley and Sully conducted the campaign. They had 15,00% troops under them. In this Sioux war the 'Galvanised Yankees,' as they were called, made their appearance. There were several regiments of these ' Galvanised Yankees' and they did good service against the Sioux. 'Galvanised Yankees' were Confederate prisoners who took the oath of allegiance and enlisted in these regi ments to fi^ht Indians in preference to remaining in Northern prisons. Not being hampered by the humanitarians and philanthropists, General Sibley adopted a very vigorous Indian policy. As he made prisoners he selected the worst and hung them. As many as thirty braves were made 'good Indians' by tho rope in one day. There is a record of engagements with hostile Indians within the military divi sion of the Missouri from 1SG8 to 1882. In the recapitulat:on of this record it is stat-d that ;i more than 1,000 officera and soldiers were killed and wounded' in the Indian fighting of that period. Four hundred battles ard skirmishes were fought with Indians in the fourteen years. In answer to a resolution of enqu:ry from the Senate, 1886, the Secretary of War stated the total cost of the troops in the Indian country from 18G7 to 1886 had been §223,891,204 50c. In 180S and 18G9 there was a liv^y Indian war in what ?s now the Indian Territory and Oklahoma. Belween 18(52 and ?8G8 there had been murdered by Indians 800 settlers in the south--west. On March 2, 1868, the war to punish the Cheyennes, Arapahoes, and Conimanches began. It ended on Feb ruary 9 following. Three hundred and fifty-three officers, soldiers, and citizens were killed, wounded, or captured in the eleven months' campaign. The Indian loss was 319 killed, 289 wounded, and 58 captured. The actual field opera tions during the eleven months cost $1,056,515 57c The Modoc war in the lava beds cost the army HI soldiers killed or wounded. The chief incident of this campaign was the assassination of General Casby. Seventeen citizens -were killed and wounded. The record which was sent to the Senate, by the War Department says — 'No Indians reported killed.' So far as losses were concerned the Indians usually had the best of it. The Sioux war of. 1876 cost for the actual -field expenses §2,312.531. But the campaign was chiefly notable for 'the Caster massacre. The army loss was 283 killed and 125 wounded. The Indian loss was only C5. Had Sibley's policy towards the Sioux been continued Sitting Bull and other Sioux leaders would have ornamented gallows-trees and there would be no ghost dancing to-day. The Custer massacre was never atoned for. The guns which the Indians took from the soldiers are still in their possession. The Nez Perces'war of 1877 lasted three months, and cost §931,329 52c. The Nez Perces lived in a valley in eastern Oregon. They occupied land which, from its extraordinary fertility and adap tability for irrigation, is now worth from 850 to 875 an aare. That ought to be sufficient explanation of ? the way hostili ties came about. Two bad white men killed a good Indian. Two bad Indians killed a good white man. Troops were sent to the Nez Perces' camp, and were whipped with a loss of a lieutenant and thirty- three soldiers. Then followed the Nez Perces war. . - (General Howard followed the .Nez Perces over 1,400 miles, and then failed to be in at 'the death.' Miles,, who is now attending to the Sioux, fell on Chief Joseph and his- band in the vicinity of the National Park. He killed six chiefs and a lot of warriors, and captured all the others. The wind-up was on September 30\. Howard -came up with his advance guard just after the victory was won. In that campaign 241 officers ? and soldiers were -killed and wounded. Twelve citizens were killed. The Tnfliim loss was 158\. ? The Bannock war of 1878 was a small affair. It only cost §556,635 19c. When it was ended the record showed a loss of, twenty-four to the army, thirty citizens' murdered, and seventy-four Indianskilled. The Northern Cheyenne outbreak in 1879 entailed a loss on the army of thirty two killed and wounded. No Indians were reported killed. Since 1882 the only Indian fighting has been with the little squads of Apaches in. Arizona and -New Mexico. For every Apache run down and killed or captured the Government is' said to have spent $100,000. : 