A SE.ST- HO VEX.. I By • § AUTHOB OF "A lil>-CESS OF XBTn^,'V "The NEW;-P^m^ra^AI03,"^&P.;: ALL QUEENSLAND RI6HTS RESERVED. f I Chapter XIII.—Tes Gnawing Fox. ^ UI lie was not disheartened by those l\ 'ominous words of hers, not even on the following morning, when he found the little thoroughfare so S , .strangely-silent and empty, and the two Cwicdows'over the way become vacant and devoid of -charm. He ha4 the high courage and impetuous will of youth; seeing no difficulties or dangers ahead, he refused to brieve in any; MaUrio had not denied him her love, therefore ehe must be his wife, and all the fntore ehone fair.': And so he set to work on Ma Handover lecture; and made good progress, even if his thoughts went sometimes flying away down to Brighton. As for the lecture itself—well, per* haps, certain of its contentions and iilostra tionrwonld have • surprised and even shocked tbatjbommuhistcapitalist, his father; but the young man was accustomed to think for Mm* se'f.| Yes, this little street was terribly empty, and those-windows' indescribably blank. And the room was lonely, work or no work. But as he was standing looking out, cigarette in hand, after, his fragal luncheon, a happy inspiration sprung into his head; for here was Hobsoni the husband of the. landlady across the way, coming along the pavement; and would it not be a'comfortfng thing to have him in to talk about the two lodgers who. had just left? Vincent opened the window abit, and raid into the street (there was no need to call}— "Hobsoni" The man looked up. * ' * " T want you for a moment.?-vV . fhen Vincent went himself downstairs and'j opened the door; and here w&3~tbe~shabby genteel ex-fcutler, obsequiously waiting, with an excess of imbecile amiability in his weak, prominent, nervous eyes. " Cbme JEn _andv haye a smoke, Hxbtoa". the young- man-said. " Yon must be lonely over there^iov. Hakes a difference, doesn't it P" " VFoaaerfol, sir, wonderful," and the docile Hobson obediently followed up the stairs; and accepted a bi*tcigar, and was'prevaffed oslto draw;in s chairxo thefira.; ;Vincent to6k a Beat opposite him, and lit andther cigarette—-quite friemdly-like.'a^one might say.- " " You've seen- a good deal of Mr. Bethune since; he came to live in your house?" the young man began, in a sort of tentative and encouraging way. And Hobson responded with instant enthusiasm— " Ah, yes, indeed, sir, and prbuAof the same. A great man, sir, oh, a very great: mas, and how he came to be where he is, sir, well, that beats ['me, sir. And that hoffuble, sir !—if he 'ave something on the table, he'll say,4 Hobson, fcring two tumblers '—yes, eir, 4 Sobson, bring two tumblers '—and I must take a seat, just as kind and condescending as you are, eir. * Fill your glass, Hobson,1 he says, just that h&ffable; like—i—" 44 Oh, I beg your pardon," said Vincent, looking guiltily towards his vacant sideboard. " Thexact L«, I haven't anything of the kind ia these sooms; but I can send out. Which wonldyou like, gin or whisky." ft Whichever yon. please," said Hebsen, c»mpla<>e&tlyv;'"ybeR)g so.kind as to think ef it, I The'neceesary.flnid^was soon pnxmred; and Hobidn was" liberally helped. And when at length,he began to expatiate on the character and the wonderful attainments and abilities of Mai grig's grandfather, there may have been little exaggeration (for gin tends towards exaggeration) in his speech; but bis aia;and admiration were genuine enough at toe core. _ He grovelled in the dust before that impressive old man. ' He spoke in almoit<a breathless way of his haffability. Why, ' thiit a great personage in literature shonld condescend to read hie, Hobson's, poor little verses was extraordinary; bat that b. should" give advice, too, and encouragement, that was overwhelming. And as for the young lady—bat here Hobson's language tailed him. With tears in his eyes he declared that she was a bcngel of sweetness, which did not convey much to Vincent's eager-listening ears. But whan he went on to tell aboat all sorts of little acts of ■ kindness and consideration—when be spoke of her patienoe with the.old gentleman's temper, ef her cheerfulness over small "dlsr appointments happening to herself, of her gentleness, and mnninsKS, and invariable good humour—here he was on more intelligible gr nnd; and his delighted and grateful audience was not slow to press on him another cigar, which was net refused. Indeed, what with so much oonrtesy shown him, and what with thp stimulating influence of the gin and water, Hobson grew valiant; and began to broach ;• wild and' iconoclastic theories about filthy locre, and to describe in dark colours the oharacter of anyone—presumably his own wife —who oonld be'so base as to take every farthing of her rent, fortnight after fortnight, from a grand and noble old gentleman and a beautiful young lady both of whom seemed to have known better days. "Do. yon know how long they are to be away ?' Vincent asked " WelJ, sir, the old gentleman, sir, ho eays perhaps two weeks and perhaps three." " I see von've put np a notice that the rooms ftt« to bs let." " Yes, sir f but that ain't much^nse^not.for eo short a time, air." ~'' ■ V .V l And'liere. another aaddea; fancy struck the. yonngman. • " ' ■'; r'So -l "JButlknow how yon can get.thein let," said he. * . , ' • : . "How, sir?" ' " You can let them to me." V - "Law, sir!" , Vi..'- ' ' ~ There was a doubtful look about Hobeon'a big, vaonous eyes; being of a poetic and sensi tive nature he did not like jokes, and was sns* piotous However, the young . gentleman, to judge by his manner, seemed fur mid honest and aboveboard. "I will take them," said Vinoent, ''until Mr. Bethune and bis geaadaoghter come back. Not to oooupythem myself, you understand; bnt I don't wont any stranger to be going into those roams, you see—that is all." " How kind, sir—how thoughtful 1* Hobson said, in a pathetfo way. " What it is to have good, kind friends!" \ M And as the rooms are now mine, r suppose I might go over and iookat them—if you will finish up your tumbler ?" "Certainly, sir, certainly," Hobson said, jumping to bis feet with alacrity, and hastily draining bia glass.. " They're all tidied up, sir; against the chance of a-lodger. And won't the nKSsna .be surprised!—3er the women, sir, the women, you see, sir,'they likes to haggle and bargain,' bnt with men, sir, begging your par don, sir, jPa a word and done J" Indeed be seemed quite proud of the promp titude with which be had conducted and con cluded this negotiation; and it was with an unafiual air of authority and importance that he led the way upstairs and showed Vinbent into'the little parlour, with which he was Already abundantly familiar. There were few alterations. The. old man's books, -Msisrir's mnsio;-and similar personal belongings,, had ; disappeared;-and a hideous- purple vase stood j for ornament in the middle of the -table. ""The" pallid lithographs were still on the w&11b ; Maisrie's chrysanthemums wera out there in j the little iron balcony.- • ^ I i1 .Would you like to see_the_room8..upstairs | The young man hesitated for a second. " Oh, very welL" „ Hohsonled the way np to the next landing;1! and there the'diraV door-hO 'S^ne" to hs* fitpg ] wide open; c-: ' '• \ V fr' ■ "The young lady'aropm,*sir.'? ;5 But .Vincent did not accept the'iapliedin yitatioD. He hung shamefaoedly back. "Oh, yea, that's all right," Baidhe.^.VI— I only wished to—to have it kept for her." 'J 'i And yet he lingered for another seoond at the door of this chamber—that seamed so sacked —that seemed to shut him' out/' He coold'eee the dressing-table, the cheat of drawers, the neatly folded bed, the rather dingy window.A '"Look here, Hobson," said he, "if I were to get some things to make the room a little roo'e cheerful, I suppose that it could be done without letting Miss Bethune know who sent them? The Iooking-glaj-s there—you know, that is not the right kind of thing.at all; there ehooldbe a pretty mirror on the dreading- table,' with some Loe rouud'the top'of it." Here he ventured in half a step or so, and rather timidly looked round. . "That one gas* jet can't be half enough, when Miss Bethune is die*ring to go out in the even ing," he said, oomidaiaingly—perhaps to bon ce*l his incomprehensible diffidbioe ' • and shyness. '' * She must have candlea—eoe on each side of the mirror, tor.example. .And that screen across the window, why, it is so common; it onght to be a pieoo of p-de silk—to let the light through." He ventured a few rashes farther, and ugain looked round. " What do yoa pall that thing—the coverlet —the counterpane—isn't it ? Well, it shouldn't be white, and cold, aod cheorleea like that; it should be a deep crimgb"n' Batic,.aad there should be pretty thiDga at the head of the bed —loops and bows of ribbon ; my goodness,what is, Mtb.. Hobson about? . A young lady's room' shouldn't be like a cell to a prison." prison. " Law, sir, I'm very sorry," Hot-son arid, ic a bewildered way; a.crimson sa'in coTerlet sounded a grand thing;. but it also meant a heap of money. " But come away out and I will talk to yoa," Vincent said, just as if they were to a mysteriously sacred Hbriue, where the talking of budness affairs was a sort of profanation. " Or perhaps he resented1,the in trusion of the amiable bafgto-odordua-Hobeoar At all events, he did hot resume the conversa tion until they were both downstairs-again in the parloar. "Yea understand, then," he said, and there was no more timidity about his speech now, " I am willing to get a number of things for the room, and to make yon and Mrs. Hobson' a Sesentof them, on the distinct condition that las Bethune is kept hi absolute ignor&noo; how they came there. One word to her,' and out they eome again, every rag and stick. Why, yon can easily invent excuses. Yon can tell them you took the opportunity of tbeir absence to brighten np the place a bit. It is in your own interest to keep the rooms smart. It doesn't imply any favour conferred on yonr lodgers. Don't yoa wo?" •'Yes, sir. Very kind of you, air, iodoed," said Hobson, who seemed a little confused. " And what did you want me to do P' 1 • Do ? I want you to do nothing, and I want you to say nothing. Don't you understand? I am going to E6&4 fa a *ow things to smarten [ up that room !%nt 6u^6niof you HnW Befcune^eM Ltuey,camp fjom Ctn't that simple enough ?" jBat £arlesHMiH^e^8S'hU^ovwa part in this transaction, nshe wan ppeedilyJoJSifloover.^Por -when he/wentoutside'again, jail1fiiade .away1 towards Regent street, thinhhig he would-gt) to a famous shop thoroj and bdjy aUsorta of pretty things, it gradually dawned on him that nehad undertaken a -ta*k entirely beyond hie know ledge.' For tjxampH h0 oould purchase any quantity of (irfnison satin; but how or where was ho going'to get it rmtSe up into a coverlet, or oonnterpano, or quilt, or "whatever the thing was called ?. Then, supposing he had the mirror and the lace, who was going to put the laoo.ronnd the top of the mirror ?—he eould not do that for himself. A .little set of ornamental book-shelves, he oould bay, certainly, but how was'he going to ask for the bows of ribbon, or the silk drapery, or whatever it was that ought to adorn the brass rods at the head of the bed P Tne mora he considered the matter the more olaarly ho saw that he must consult a woman, and the only woman he oould consult in con fidence was his aunt, Mrs. Ellison, who had now returned, to Brighton. And perhaps he strove to conoaal from himself what it was that so easily and -naturally drew hi* thoughts to Brighton; perhaps he was hardly himself aware how this seoret hunger of the bouTw&s; minute by minute and hour by hour increasing in its demands. Jlaisrie had not been so long away* but already he felt that one brief glimpse of her, no matter at what distance, would be a prioeless thing. And then again it would not be breaking any compaot. He would not seek to. go near her, if there was this understanding that theso two *.vero for the present' separated the one from the other. She would not even know he was in'the town. And surely it would be a new and wonderful 'experience to look at Maisrie frcm afar off, us if she were a stranger. So iostead -of opmhig, to Regent street, he went to the nearest post office and telegraphed to Mrs. Ellison, asking -if she could take him. in for a day or two. Then he walked on homer and by the time ho had reached GroBvenor Piace the answer was there, awaiting him; he was to go down at once. He put a few things in his bag; jumped into a haudeome and drove I toViororlaetaiion; caught the 4,30 trainband' evoutually arrived at. Brans wick, terrace about , 6\. .He guessed that, his aunt's-pfteraeon. vSsitora would be gone, and he 'would have , ample opportunity of a long talk withher before" dinner: ..: H3rv--'. Hio anticipations proved sorreoirr* When he , was shown into the big drawi^iropm'-whioh. looked very snug and warm' aihidJita\ niagiufii oeoce—he found the tall and bnght-eyed youog;] widow' in "sole posse8si6h;"~aud sh e o a'm efor ward to welcome him with great complaisance. " Yery.ssn^jblejbf "kndw;IJ can always make room for yoni no matfcer'wKo is in the hoiueA'— .—. ...— "If I had gone to au holai aunt, you would have made sn awful rcw; «ud I don't want to ^quarrel wirh you.just at present,; theJaot is, :1 have come to yon for jidyioe and help," said •lie. " But.first^my congratffiafioiiB "I 'was Hardly gurpfised when] I got your letter,1-'-and;!; than I -do - 11 Oh, be quiet," she said; and she took a seat at a little distance from the firo, by the side of* a -small table, and put & fan between her eyes aud the crimson-shaded lamp. "Con gratulations? WelIt..I suppose there are no tools like old fools. But if gfowa-uppeople will play at being chndrehi;and amuse them selves by writing things ia the shod—did I tell you how i: all happuued?—they must take the consequences. And I, who uettl.to be bo coo teht !" Hayei/t T often told yOR ? Perhaps I boasted too mush-——"' ' " ~71 14 Oh, yea, pretend yon regret it 1" said ho. "And yon ulfc of your being pq old—you.J— why, whst j&irl; of all your acquaintance, has half yonr Ufo aud spirit, or half your good loak* eithor— -• "Vincent-Harris," said she, and-she turned" round audfaq?d him, " what do )ou want?" Ho iaaghed. - v~ • " It is n very simple matter, anpt." 3 And^ibea he ^tri w tell bwr of tha little prddieament in which he was pUoed, and tn beseech htr help. ■ Would she come and choose Vn? ■ thing* ioc him? T&»re weco plenty of •riu-a-bras j»hops in Brighton; she . would, know what "waV: riost" appropriate; 'her own h'u«e was evident* of her taste. But bis ingenuous 'flattery was of no avail. - Mrs, Ellison's fa?e grew more and more : serious, rtniil ut length the oir;ciui3i6d : Why, ,Tiu, this is the .very madness of infatuation! ; AndT had been hoping for far. olhor things.' I bad imagined from the tone of your laet letter that perhaps there might be a change—that your eyoa bad ;boen dpsned at last. So this is going on jost'the'aamo'as' cv-?r r" " It is going op,-f»fi yeu call it,-aijut.; and: is likely lo go on—so long bb I live.?!' ; " T&en; J, for one, wish to have nothing to do with it," eh- paid sharply. " And this last proposal is feally too hhaaolbhs?^ WHaf b'twi ncsfl have you with that girl's room?—what rightbave youto goamto ii ?" ^ H^was rather tAkon~Hbaok-^fpr a tooinoht. '• Bnameas ?A-oh, none of. courss.' - None whatevor—that Ts to| say—oh,^ yes, J. have, tbouah!—I have a perfect'nght *to go* into it. 1 The room is not hers. It is mine. I have paid for it. When she comes bask it will - be hers; and where is the barm of her finding it a little | prettier?—that is all*" - r, VI must say, Viu," she oontmued, (n a very rcRerved fashion, *• that "the infatuation of a yehapmau m'iy excuse a good deal; but this* is a little—a little bto rnnoh. Do yon consider it quite nice—-inite'beeomipgF A satin oonn terpnae! ^ I wonder what the girl kwflQld think. . herself—if she *.na any rofiuainent of feeling— if she hag any delicacy— Kis faos'greVvery p'ale;. .',0 " ii -he has ;n.y coUaemcnt of feeling—if | niin hHribiiy dolioioy," he repeated. Then he rose. %t It i* useles-j to say anything further, auut; there is an end row Ibno." But she bad risen too. Ho tried to pass her i —and failed ; nay, she weot to the door, and | stood with ber back against it, and faced him. "BEo^foieti iny8 own dear boy; I would do anything lot yon— jg except in tbiB one dirqotion^—" >| "Except in this?one direotion!" bote- § .seated, Boomfully. J. | > I :";Why oannot wyremsln friends," she said, | "with appealing eyesj*" good and true friends— 9 "andAlⅇ to leave.this one^snbi'eot alone?" | • Thia-&e;"snbjeot—thai is my life!" he said, •$ vehemently/^-' What'folly you talkl You >§ wish to- out away .the very Xthing I live for, the >B very thing that iainiy. life; and to continue 'g your friendship, with what remains—ai senseless $ atiok or stone! And- why ? Beoauae of your id insensate prejudioe,.; yourj cruel-andbaselem .§ suspicions.. Why "dO.you ;talk to mo as if I 4 were a hoy ? Ihave seen twice as much of the | world as you have; I have had better oppor- | ♦unities of learning how to jjudge jatnmget*. | But you—you'live in a narrow grodvs—jou ig have your maid to talk to—your acquaintances !| to call in the afternoon—your friends"to dinner i| and what besides f " That is your jvorld. i{} What do you know of tho hnmah'-belngsbut- ;ij sidoit? Must they ail be dishonesty—because ;|i they have not been hoard of by your h'andful;6t jt| set? Must they all be thieves arid "swindlertf— ;g because they are not in the Court Direotory? ig Bat it is little matter. If this .subject iaidei [jj barred, then all is debarred, as between you p and me. You oan go your own way, and I '£ mins. I did expect, now that you haveyour \j own happiness secured, you might- show some Jj little generosity, some little sympathy; hut I | see it is different; and I'will not..allow,one who is dearer to me.than all the world to he '-A treated with suoh enmity, while I am supposed Si to stand by and accept ic as, a natural 'condition J of affairs. I do not; I have had enough'; and jjj bo here is an end, as between-you.and me^and I hope you will have more happiness than-you !jj Beem to wish for other'people." , „ ;s Well, Mrs. Ellison was not used'iq-giviiig if way; but she was very foml of this'proud'and handsome hoy; and Bhe gave juet one.spb,iand If tears gathered in her eyes. . I'- . 'Bh :| " You are not very kind, Via," she said. i| And what marvellous^ thing was this that 'a instantaneously smote his"heart? Why, Maistia ia .had made use of this ver^ expresaqmon'the preceding afternoon!; And sill of a sudden he' jj yeemed to' recognise that hia adversary here |§ was a woman;. ehe^was akin to his beloved— -3 and therefore; tq'-bejtieated; gentlv; Maisrie's ;| voice :aud ey es seemed: to be pleading for her; surely that:was .enough? He hesitated for a j| moment ;'p theirhe said':" ; -j " Verjy welly 'let -ii be as you wish. We :fi ahatl see hoVwci.-fi^ on, with the one thing !| .that is of-moredtoportanoe to me than anything !| else Bliut'out frorn-m'ehtion.' But I must say !| thirto" you",""aunt rl'do^not see I am doing IE anything that the most fastidious person oan ij object" to"'if I put a few pretty things into the If room1 Of the girl who is to be my wife." t| ..." How do you-know-that she-is tc be yonr wife, Yin?" shesaidjratherBadly. " ;] " I know," he made answer. .i! My poor boy!" she said; and thenshe.took him by the hand aqd led'him baok to' therlittle "table atw&ch; they hai'bein sitraig;fahd;there they had sbms- furtfiefc^nTOrsatiqhiAbontmore or: lesi : indifferent Hhing^- with *tha',ioifi all important subject carefully avoided: JAfld"then it was time for them to'go away aud dress for dinner. Lord Musselburgh dined with them that evening, and remained eomo tine after the other gueatft had .gone. jfo ^jnoent it seemed a puzzlirfgltblng jthat tyro betrothed people Should raaire sd iherry. They appeared so well contrat- OTth.tieir present-eetate; they were so assured as » the-futnre; no anxieties, no con flicting hopoa and fears, they were in the happiest mood. Next morning, too, Lord Musselburgh again made his appearanos, and the three of them went out for a stroll along the promenade. All the world was shining fair and blear;; Mrs. Ellison was looking her best, and seemed to know it; her fiancee was in a gay humour. Why, thev were almost like the •" lover-nhd-Bis-lska"" -Bf-WWhT-Thoin-aS-MoK1 ley sang nigh three hundred years ago—those 'jijonbd hours. jthAftoUlhud Megaht; joimg widow .Mushodand-langhe* like- a maid;'her eyes were sarcastic, playful, amused, according to her varying mood ; the sunlight touched her pretty Ijrbwh' hair:'* 'ff hero'was, indeed; a sort of audacity of oomeliness about her, that set .Vincent thinking of a very different kind of beauty—the beauty 'that enema to be dowered with a divine aud angelic sadneeB He was walking-with. tbcee two; .but he.did-.noE-.tako part in their frolic talk;.nor didfbe' paymdoh attention to the crowd of poople, the butter flies of fashion, who had come out into the tleaiant sunshiuo. He seemed to see before im a face that, with all Us youth,, and its touch of aoiour, and its grace of outline, was strangely pensiveraud .wistful... And again hs aiked " himself,udtiij ffiiany al/jime he had asked himself, what that expression meant: whether it had .been brought, there by. ex-,.} "pe'rirnrS of* themiaiiy vibisiitu8es:6f lire,!of lry' loneliooss, or whether it wee not somelhing more tragio^sqll—tlje qhudow, of flu injpendlDg fete. TheS wqa more tnan thst ho'qculd.not And why had ehe doclsred she could not ever bs hiH wife? "You are very Bilent, Vin," his fair neigh bour said .turning her merry eyes towards him'd; atjlqsf.j') B ere >» Lord Musselburgh ded«ing^ that if he woro a Jew he would furn dontlst, to have it out with tho Ohriatiana for what they did'in tho middle ages. A horrid revenge, wouldn't it be—and so mean—under pre tence tl affording relief ?. Oh, look at that girl ><• over there—1 do believo the ruff ia ooming back—we shall ull be Elizabethans by-aud-by." " But what jbusinesa had womon ever vrtth ruffs?" Lord Musselburgh interposed. " Why, when the dandies aud bucks of Henry VIII.'* time began to make themselves splendid by I puffing themselves out round the neok,' of oouue it was in imitation of tho stag—as tho stag be comes when be is supposed to captivate the fanoy of the hinds; but you don t find the hinds with any similar adornments. Suq^ ' ''J^ai2S.p"per,i°malea; why Aonia women roaai **bKth» '-' itolu wrnZ, i$ a hen covet aoook'soomb? " »Wa^?8.7 0 against natural laws." . i. jVjEff ja,Js in a milliner's shop 1" «ho '"What loob at thoa0 two Italf r-mtur*amlb'1TlSbiii nok e6Qtt Alined to ijgBSPSSKSS ^SSS^SS^ few bars ol -Faui " tte "riS? nf * y 88 an iDtr°dmtion to r.a^4aa,^5K ,|tLTi!-Sj££-;a-S |ra^paned to b0 much intoestod jnat at ^ n°l iikt th,ak Malaria would " ™en.aa got back to Bruuawiok terrace, U was dose on lun.oheon time; though Ce Mrs Emd°MM»lhmn?.h .Barpti0ed to learn that ajarAxas,.,7— - ■ " What is toe matter?" said aha, "Basi . naaa or billiards f:" —«?Si?Br'." her fian088 ™ada answer." I only « g J0U 81Utl8 holiday> fot an h°" : '• Not longer, thou." she said, '• for I am f on bo°th!'^Vmg St tiCe0' 9Dd 1 8h^l «P«S \- l°™8 nen were seated at a Brae window-table in theapaoioia and oheerful ' thflXnA "* a^in, Vincent was struck by ■t mtly practical mjnner in whiohhis companion spoke of his forthcoming marriage. , It was going to be, he frankly intimated, a vfry • b^,8lrfW,0rboa M08* Ellison and ' * a , oombined fortunes would ®aab.I.B,tbem to do what hitherto had boon im-. Sfjf?«® 'nrwbwof thorn. Mrs. Ellison was :tA fWm.°016)?' bfhaa always looked forward ja jpol<tioal aalon whenonoe matjiea ; and now he thought he oould , havo a ™noh bigger house, which «•' T^,f:i .ne-°e'jarr /?Fthat Pnrpoae, than his ■ • J".1?Ejooaddiy. Hia plaoa atMen fora had not been properly looked after of late; nave to be some expenditure there; tteohief reception zooms wanteds thorough , °™'-baulln?; and a wife's supervision woirid : ^r? tho advice of a professional decor " t ero. were spallations as to . ^ MuBselbnrgh, ought toaoceptoffloe — r?80™9 subsidiary offloe, of course, as befittinir his ^ years—when his party oame into power ' yQU Vin Harris was being oon S,^ n?w ba wor® a friend of the family. 7 aa for-yinocnt's own affairs—not a word, i' "n^ ftnsielburgh had reoeiyed a hint; and he > was discretion itself. / n.Andi y6t.iF e!er w hia life the yonnger of '-' these two friends had need of a oonfidant, it , wa» that afternoon; for something hadhan i Pi™ t., 1° strike at the very roots of ! Eds-being. When it waa about time to them " w^°nm?ner Vr ke6p theic appointment with aars. Ellison, Vmooot was standing in the hall '« v j 0 k°tel waiting forLocd Musselburgh, who ^ upstairs to hia room, and he was idly , looking out upon the passing crowd. Idly v ana absently; there was no on* there to inter est him; vary different it would be (ha was saying to himself) towards 6 or 7 o'clook, when perhaps Maistie and her grandfather would .. j oome out lor a stroll before going to dine at ; one of the restaurants. At present he had no : :S2L oonoern with all those people who went , - driving and waiting past in the dull sunshine of this wintry afternoon. It was a pretty show, , and that was all. ^Bufc of a sudden his heart stood still; and ujs startled vision beheld what seemed incred ible, and yet was there, and actual, und beyond any; doubt. Ere he was aware, a vehicle had driven by—a tall dogcart, with two figures in wont and one behind; but another glanoe re* • vealed to him that the one behind wai old vieorge •Bethune. Who could mistake at any distance the powerful and striking head, the fluuffgy eyebrows, the flowing white hair? Andthe two in front ?—one waa a young man, to Vinoent unknown; the other—a terrible i ,™ginng told him that was Miisrie, though they were now some way off. What did it all meauP He had never heard of their knowing anyone in Brighton. Toey had come down for seclusion, for work; yet here they were in the midst of the fashionable crowd; and a young man—a stranger—was making ostentations die pUy of his aoquaintanoe with thorn. A thousand wild snrmiaea, the offspring of a very madness ?l ^®?^onBJr» into his brain. Why had the old man bo clearly intimatod to him that he was not wanted—that they wished to go to Brighton by themselves? And who was this Earson who was making such opeu parade of Is iutimaoy with them ? Alas I thore was no answer to those burning and bewildering , questions; and he stood thero breathless, alarmed, yet not dariog to ask theoaus9 of this alarm. Lord Husselburgh came along tho hall. "Sorry to have kept you waiting, Via——" "Oh, don't mind mat," the young man said, striving to ooncoal his agitation. " The faot is —I—I don't think I will go driving this after noon. Will you make my excuses fc> my aunt?" "What's tho matter?" said Ttlussolburgh, # regarding him. " You look v\ if you had soon a ghost or a creditor; what is it, man ? " " Never miud—novor miad—it is nothing." Vin said, hastily. " I wi-l sou you later on. Will you make my excuses—thanks I " Tho hall porter swung tho door open, and hoforo his astonished companion oould remon-| sttute, ho had pasbod out and down tho stone I steps. HooroMod over, to lose him?olf in tho J throng on tho opposite promenade. Tho dog- \ OQtt would bo coming by again; he would sea ' who this new fclend woe. Could he not hide 1 somewhere ? He felt like a spy, like a traitor, with all those dire imaginings surg ing through his brain. And sadden wrath, too; he would demand to know by what right _ any stranger was allowed to make Maisrie Bethnne bo conspionoos. Why, it was too pablle I—it Was a boast; and hardly deoent, either; Dnght not respect lor age and white hair to have plaoed the old man in front, in stead of inviting all the world to witness the flattering ot a young girl ? And as for Maisrie—well, even in his Wildest and blackest surmises he oould think fie seriotts harm of Maisrie; bnt she was too yielding, she was too generous with her favours, she ought to make distinctions; .she ought not to permit this great, idle crowd to draw false conclusions. It •was ill done of her—behind his back. Had she so ston forgotten that he IibI pledged his life to her not so -many hours ago ? By-and-bye he knew , rather than saw that thBy were returning. He was on the seaward Bide of the road; there were a good many people passing to and ffd ; mofedVef, he Was partly concealed by an open fly that stood olose to tha railings. The tall dogoart cams Bwiftly along; an unprejudiced speotstor would bare said that the young man who wa3 driving was rather a good-lookingyonng fellow, of the pink and white type, with a email yellow monstache carolally waxed at the ends, and clear gray eyes. He wore a buff-coloured coat, with a i velvet collar o£ similar hue; he had a flower in , bis button-hole. Then, again, his turnont was faultless—a neatly-appointed cart—a beantifal, high- stepping roan. AU this was visible at a] Bnt it was on Mauria Bethune that Vincent's gaze wsb bent; and as she drew near, bis heart was smitten at once with remorse and with gratitnde. Had he expected, then, that ahe would be smirking and smiling and coquetting with this new acquaintance ? On the contrary, Maisrio sat there grave and silent and re served; her eyes were neither observant nor conscious; onoe or twioe they word tnrned towards tha sea. To Vincent she seemed so distinguished- looking, so reflned, and noble, and Bolf-possessed, as contrasted with that fresh-oomplexioned oountry otown who bad the monstrous andaoity to claim her as bis com panion. Then, ns the dogcart went by, be oaught sight of George Bethnne. He was sitting rather sideways, to permit of his ad dressing an occasional remark to the yonng gentleman who wsb driving; no donbt that was why Maisrie was allowed to remain silent. Perhaps ahe waa thinking— of someone whom she thought to be far away. Strangely enough, as soon as they had disap peared from view, his doubts and imaginings grew blaok again. For a moment that vision of Maisrie's sweet face had charmed him out of himself, but now these hideons questions rnshod haok upon him. demanding an answer where there was no answer. Ha did not attempt to reason himself out of this paroxysm of jealousy—that would hare been useless. He oould bnt submit to this gnawing torture of anxiety and suspense, while walking np and down and waiting and fearing to dad them coming witin sight onco mere. They did not return. Shortly after 4 tho dusk began to fall. By halfpast 6 black night had enveloped sky and sea, and the town was ablaze with golden stars. There were hardly any oarriages now. The people had betaken themselves to the other side of the road, to look in at the glaring shop windows on their way home. Vincent fonnd himself more alone than ever, and knew not what to do or which way to tarn. In his present frame of mind he dared not go near tho house in Branswiok ter race. He oon'.d not submit to oross examining eyeB. It would drive him mad to talk, while those rankling oonjeotures wore busy at his heart. Ha wanted to see Maisrie again, and yet dreaded to see her, lest he should find her ones more in the sooiety of that man. But about half.past 6 his aimless perambula tions of the street beoaino oirenmseribed. He drew nearer to tha neighbourhood ot the restaurants. If old George Bethune had brought his London habits do wn with him, as many people did, would he not soon make his appear ance along with his granddaughter ? Here in East street, for example, were oafes, both French and Italian, whore they eonld have a foreign dinner if thoy ohose. Would he venture to address them ? Would ho confess he had seen them driving—in the hope they might volunteer information for which he dare not ask ? He oould not tell; his brain was in a bewilderment of anxiety and unreasoning misery ; and this grew worse, indeed, as the alow minntes went by, and there waa no sign of tho two flgnres for whom ha was so eagerly watohing. And then asiokening thought ooonrred to him. What if those two had boen invited to dino at a bot:l by the country clod—by the young man from the plough—by tho rustic dandy with the velvet oollar. At the Old Ship, most likely—a private room—a profusion of flowers—plenty of champagne—Hodge, junior, gay and festive. Oigarottes between tho courses—'Arry having loarnl so mnoh from the ohoap eooioty journals and will not Miss Bethune bo persuaded to join? Ah, well, perhaps after dinner, whoa tho liqueurs oome to be handed round. There is a piano in tho room; will Miss Bethune oblige with an aooompanimeat?—hero is a smart little thing—"Kis3 me on the aly, Johnnie!"— the latest draw at tho rnnsio balls , Seven by the big olook over the stationar s shop; and still no sign of them. Clearly thoy were not coming to any re- tanrant hereabouts. So at length he left East street, and went down to tho King's road, and wandered slowly along, glanoing fnrtivoly into this or that hotal—especially whore some coffee-room window happened to havo boen left with tho blind up It was a vain quest, and he was awaro of it; bnt acm-thing, hokuow not what, drew him on. Aud meanwhile his mind was busy with pictures-or a privato room, and flowers, and throe figures scaled at tablo. 'Aoh woli! mein Lieboheu war die Brant I At a quarter to S, Lord Musselburgh was shown into Mrs. Ellison's drdwing- rcom. "Haven't you soon auytlnug of Vtnr she said, with tisfon-shed eyes. "No—nor you?" I "Nothing at all—and now he won't have time to dress for dinner." 11 shouldn't wonder if he did not tarn np for dinner," Musselburgh said. "Something very peoaliar happened to him to-day—I could not precisely gather what—hat he was ob viously upaet." "Yes, said Mrs. Ellison, and her face was graver than its wont. " Something has indeed happened to him to-day—though he himself is not aware of it as yet." ' She went to a little cabinet, and took from it two letters. •" £ thought yon o'tfght to sea both of these," said she. " One is from my brotfidr -in-law; I got it just a minute or two after yon left. The other is my answer; 1 will have it posted as toon as yon have read it." He took the first letter which was from Via cent's father, and read it carefally through, without a word of comment. Then he took the other, which ran SS follows Dear Harlaml, It is terrible*; but I half suspected as much; and terrible as it is there is nothing to be done but to tell Via the whole truth, and at once. Telegraph for him to-morrow morning—on busi ness of importance; if he wants to coroo down again, I shall be ready with such consolation as I can think of. I fancy from one or two tliinsrs tliat those people are here in Brighton just now; all the more reason why you should summon him home at once. Poor boy. it will be a sad awaken ing. But ho is young; he will get over it; and perhaps bo none the worse in the end for this cruel experience of the deceit and wickedness of the world. Let mo know how he takes it. Yours affectionately. Madge. No, Vincent did not come into dinner that evening. He was still walking up and down the King's-road, glauoing now and again, but with a sort of hopelessness, at any little group of people that might appear at the hall door of this or that hotel; and all the while there was a fire eating at his heart. (7b be continued.) 