THE EARTH TREMBLED. BY THE REV. E. P. ROE. CHAPTER XVII. FIRESIDE DRAMAS. 4 No matter, Cousin Sophy, we'll each supply one according to our own degree of wickedness. A Yankee would say ' darned,' though, confound the fellows, they seem to learn to fight and swear in equal degrees.' - «I wont say ' darned,'' said the old lady, almost trembling in her irritation and excitement, for slie was being treated to more ot a drama than she had bargained for. ' It's a word I never heard my husband us?. Bah I all words are inadequate. I say anything is better than that you should go to this old Houghton for what little he may choose to give you.' •Now, I appeal to you, Mara—is this fair, four against one ?' 'But,dear Captain Bodine, you don't know how deeply we feel about this.' • Ah, that is the charge our enemies bring against us, "We feel, but don't reason, they say. We have much reason to retort,' You reason, but have no feeling and little comprehension for those that have.' Come I will be serious now,' and his expression became grave and firm. ' Cousin Sophy, Mr. Houghton will never give me a penny, nor would I take a gift from him even if starving, yet I haTe a genuine respect for the man. Let me, as a soldier, illustrate mv course, and then I will explain more f ally. Suppose I was on a march and was hungry. On one hand were ample provisions in the camp of the enemy ; on the other a small farmhouse occupied by friends who had already been robbed of nearly all they had. If I went to these friends they would, as Mara has said, share their last crust. Do you not think it would ba more in accordance with the feelings of a man to make a <?a?h at the enemy's over flowing laTder, and not only get what I needed, but also bring away something for my impoverished friends ? I reckon it would. I much prefer spoiling the Egyptians cost me what it may. My dear child,' turning to Mara, 'doyou think I would take half your crust when I know you need the whole of it? No, indeed. Then you must remember that we got in the habit of living off the enemy during the war. To drop all the figurative talk, let me put the matter in plain English, as I did to Mr. Houghton this morning. We had a pretty hot action, I can tell you. There was no compromise in word or manner on either side, but he listened to reason, and BO will you. Pick out your most blue-blooded staunchest South Carolinians in the city, and they deal with Mr. Houghton. They sell to him ; they buy of him, and there it all ends. I have no cotton to sell but I told him to regard my labour as a bale of cotton and to buy it, it he so wished, at what it was worth I also told him that-apart from our business relations we would be strangers, so J you see I am neither better nor worse, practically no different from other Charles tonians.' Mrs. Bodine leaned back in her chair, and laughed till the tears came into her eyes. ' I do declare,' she gasped,' God made men different from women, and I reckon He knew what He was about. 1 surrender, ousin Hugh. Your argument has blown me out o£ he water. Spoil this old Egyptian to your, heart's ontent, only remember when there are no Egyptians o spoil, if you don't come to your friends, you will ave one savage old woman to deal with.' Mrs. Hunter shook her bead dubiously. ' I don't now what to think of all thi?,' she said. • It appears to me that it tends to break down the partition wall etween us and those from whom we have received wrongs which should never be forgiven.' 'My dear Mrs. Hunter,'replied_the captain urbanely, the more the partition wall is broken down in one sense the better. Isn't it wiser for me to get money out of Mr. Houghton than to 6ulk and starve? I had to break through the vmll to get bread. Of course,' he added quietly, 'weall understand one another. My military figures of speech must not be pressed too far, I do not propose to knock Mr. Houghton on the head, or even take the smallest' possible advantage of him. On the contrary, becar.se we are hostile, I shall ba over-scrupulous, if possible, to do his work well. From bim, as I told him, I expect not the slightest allowance, consideration, or kindness.' Oh,' thought Mara,' how clearly lie has put my own thought and wMi! Why could not Owen Clancy have earned his own bread and mine by taking the course of this brave Southern man ? I have been shown to-night how noble, how dignified, and how easy it was. Why should he talk of love when he will not see what'i3 so reasonable in the action of auother ?' Cousin Hu.'h, you said one thing that needs explanation. You said you had a respect for this man Houghton, who we all know has not a particle of goodwill towards us.' ' Chiefly because he is such an honest enemy,' Bodine replied. 'He makes hard bargains with our people when he can, but have you ever heard of his cheating or doing anything underhand? I learned a good deal about his business character while in Georgia, and his course to-day corresponded with what I had been told. Moreover, his feelings got the better of him, and he revealed in one passionate sentence that hi3 eldest son was killed, and, as he says, lies at the bottom of our harbour here. This fact enabled me to stand better what I had to take from him,' and in answer to his cousin's questions he revealed the substance of the interview. ' I do this,' he concluded,' that you and other friends may better understand my course. Tomorrow Mr. Houghton becomes my employer, and I shall owe a certain kind of loyally. The more seldom we mention his name thereafter the better; and shall never speak of him except in terms of cold respect.' ' Since you have told me about his son,' said Mrs Bodine,' I wont avail myself of the privilege of freeing my mind to-night, even if it will be my last chance, that is, when you are present. After all, why should I berate him ? In one aspect lie is to me a sort of ogre representing all that is harsh, intolerant, and cruel, rejoicing in his power to drain the life-blood of a conquered and impoverished people; yet he rose before me as you spoke as a broken-hearted father, warped and made unnatural by pain, haunted by the ghost of his son whom his arms cannot embrace. Sometimes, when thinking alone, the people of the \vnrld seem like a lot of squabbling children, with only degrees of badness and goodness among them. Children make no allowances for each other. It is like or dislike, quick and manifested. It is well there is a heavenly Father over all who may lead one and all of us' to make up ' some day. I tell you what it i3, Hugh, we may all have to shake hands in heaven.' ' Like enough, Cousin Sophy. In matters pertaining to heaven you are a better authority than I am.' ' For very good reason. " Heaven is nearest those who feel its need most You may think I am a queer Christian, and I sometimes think so myself—hating some people as near as I dare, and calling old Houghton a wretch. Don't I kno IT about his heartache ? Who better than I ? God knows I would give his son back to him if I could. God k«iows I can almost swear at him ; He knows, also, that if he were brought into this house wounded I'd nurse him with my feeble hand as I would you, Cousin Hugh, but I would be apt to say when he got well' (and here came in her little chirping laugh),' Good sir, I have not the slightest objection to your going back to Massachusetts, bag and baggage.' By the way, he has another son who has not been much in Charleston—being educate 1 at the North, they say. He must be a grown man now. I was told that when here last lie resented the fact very bitterly that there was some society in town which he could not enter.' ' I reckon not,' remarked Mr?. Hunter, grimly, and then followed some desultory conversation between the two elder ladies. As was frequently his custom—in common with men whose past is more than their future promises to be— the captain had lapsed into a train of thought which took him far away from present surroundings. Hewa9 roused by Mrs. Hunter's preparations for departure, and looking suddenly at Mara, saw that her eyes were filled with tears. He was at her side instantly, and taking her hand, asked gently,' What troubles you, my child?' With bowed head she replied,' I undertand you, Captain Bo line ; your words have made everything clear to me.' "He still held her hand and thought a moment " About Ella's coming to y iu ? ' be asked. ' Yes, I'm not one of the Egyptians, but I ; d so set my heart on it.' '« Because of your n-^er^not Ella's? ' again the captain queried, while his grasp on her hand tightened. ' Oh, Captain Bodine, do you think I could deceive you or a girl like Ella unier any circumstrnces ? If she did not come after to- day, I feel that I should give up Jin despair very soon. I do need help, and just such help to body and mind as she can give me.' ' Forgive me,*Mara. The little story I told about your father explains why I feared. But we will say no more about it. I would rather have Ella with you than with any one else in the world.' ' There,' cried that buoyant young woman, ' I knew I was right. Out of the mouths of babes and sucklings you old people are destined to learn wisdom.' 4 Well,' said Mrs. Bodine,'I've had more drama to-niglit than I reckoned on, and I haven't been leadiug lady either. Will the chief baker escort me to the dining-room 1, After cake and cream the Captain escorted Mrs. Hunter and Mara home. He detained the latter at the door a moment, and said gently,' Mara, shun the chief danger of your life. Never be unfair to yourself.' CHAPTER XVI IT. A FA.1R DUBLLEST. The great hand of time which turns the kaleidoscope of human affairs appeared to move slowly for a few weeks, as far as the characters of my story are concerned. The two little bakers, worked together daily, one abounding in mirth and drollery, and the other cheered, or rather beguiled from melancholy in spite of herself. Business grew apace, not only because two girls who evoked general sympathy were the principals of the firm, but also for the reason that they put something of their own dainty nature into their wares. Aun' Sheba trudged and perspired, in moderation, for the fleet-footed Vilet seemed to outrun Mercury. Moreover, the ' head-pa'ners,' as Aun' Sheba called tliem, insisted that their commercial travelers should take the street-cars when long distances were involved. Captain Bodine and .Mr. Houghton maintained their business relations in the characteristic manner indicated by their first interview. The ex- Confederate was given some routine work which kept him at a remote desk a certain number of hours, and employer and employee 'rarely met, and scarcely ever spoke to each other. The captain, however, had no reason to complain of his salary, which was paid weekly, and sufficed for his modest needs. So far from being dependent upon his large-hearted cous'n, he and Ella were enabled to contribute much to her material comfort, and immeasurably to her daily enjoyment. She and Ella were in the sunshine again, and it was hard to say which of the two talked the most genial nonsense. The old lady had what is termed ' a sweet tooth,' and loved dainties. The two girls, therefore, vied with .each other in evolving rare and harmless delicacies. ' Two Ariel's are ministering to me,' she said, ' and sometimes I feci so jolly that I would like to share with that old—I mean Mr. Houghton.' The girls never forgot, however, the depths beneath the ripple and sparkle of the old lady's manner. As spring verged into summer, Uncle Sheba yielded more and more to th3 lassitude of the season. His 'bobscure 'fliction' seemed to grow upon him, if it were possible to note degrees in his malady, but Aunt Shc-ba said, • 'Long as he is round' like a log an' don' bodder me I is use' t?r it.' He even began to neglect the 'prar meeting'," and Ole Tobe toll him to his face, ' You'se back-slidin' fur as you kin slide, inch or so.' His son-in-law, Kern Watson, had won such a good reputation for steadiness that he was taken into the fire department. When off duty he was always with 'Sissy an' do chilen." Oatwardly there was but slight change in Owen Clancy. He had never been inclined to make many intimate acquaintances, and those who knew bim best only noted that he seemed more reserved about himself if possible, and that he was unusually devoted to business. Yet he was much spoken of in business circles, for it was known that he was the chief correspondent of the wealthy Mr. Ainsley, of New York, who was making large investments in the South. Among the progressive men of the city, no matter what might be their political faith and association, the young man was winning golden opinions, for it was clearly recognised that he ever had the interest of his section at heart, that in a straightforward, honourable manner he was making every effort to enlist Northern capital in Southern enterprises. He had withdrawn almost wholly from social life, and ladies saw him but seldom in their drawing-rooms. When among men, however, lie talked earnestly and sagaciously on the business topics of the hour. The evening usually found him witti book in hand in hi3 bachelor apart- ment. Beneath all this ordinary ebb and flow of daily life changes were taking place, old forces working silently, ani new ones entering in to complicate the problems of the _ future. As unobtrusively as possible Clancy kept himself informed about Mara and all that related to her welfare, By some malign fate, as she deemed it, she would unexpectedly hear of him, encounter him on the street, also, yet rarely now, meet him at some small evening company. He would permit no open estrangement, and always compelled her to recognise him. One evening, to her astonishment and momentary confusion, he quietly took a seat at her side and entered into conversation, as he might have done with other ladies present. By neither tone nor glance did he recognise any cause for estrangement between them, and he talked so in telligently and agreeably as to compel her admiration. His mask was perfect, and after an instant hers was equally so, yet all the time she was as conscious of his love as of her own. He recognised the new element which the Bodines had brought into her life, and with a lover s keen instinct, b^gan to surmise whit the captain might become to her. He was not long in discovering the former relations of the veteran to Colonel Wallingford, and he justly believed that, as yet, Mara's regard was largply the result of that old friendship and an entire accordance in views. But he was not so sure about Bodine whom he knew but slightly and with whom he had no sympathy. . He had learned substantially the ground on which the captain had taken employment from Mr. Houghton, and, as we know, he was bitterly hostile to that whole line of policy. 'It would eventually turn every Southern man into a clerk,' he muttered, ' when it is our patriotic duty to lead in business as in everything else that pertains to our section.' Fet he knew or at least believed, that if he had taken the same course Mara might now be his wife. Sometimes, when reading, apparently. _he would throw down hi' book and say aloud in his solitude, ' Bah, I'm more loyal the South than this sombre-faced veteran He would keep his State for ever in his own crippled conditian. No crutches for the South, I say; no general clerkship to the North, but an equal onward march, side by side, to one national destiny. He thinks he is a martyr and may very complacently let Mara think so too. Who had given up the more'? He a lej and I my heart's lover.' It has already been shown that Clancy touched the extremes o F political and social life in the city. Some, of whom Mrs. Hunter was an exasperated exponent, could be cold towards him, but they could neither ignore nor despise him. Those beginning to cast off the fetters of enmity and prejudice secretly admirfd him and were friendly. While cordial in his relations, therefore, with Northern people and Northern enterprises of the right stamp, he had not so lost his hold n Mara's exclusive circle as to remain in ignorance f what was transpiring within it, and he secretly e- solved that, if Bodine Eought to take the girl of his heart from him, and, as he truly believed, from all chance of true happiness to herself, he would give as earnest a warning as ever one soul gave to another. In June he received a strong diversion to his thoughts. Mr. Ainsley wrote him from New York, in effect, that he, with his daughter, would soon be in Charleston—that his interests in the South had be come so large as to require personal attention ; also that he had new enterprises in view. The young man's interest and ambition were naturally kindled. As Mara bad takeu the Bodines and their affairs as an antidote for her trouble, he sought relief in the preoccupation which the Ainsleys might bring to his mind. Accordingly he met father and daughter at the depot, and escorted them to the hotel with some degree of pleasurable excitement. Miss Ainsley made the same impression of remarkable beauty and cosmopolitan culture as at first. There was a refined, easy poise in her bearing. Indeed he almost fancied that, to her mind, coming to Charles- ton was a sort of condescension, she had visited so many famous cities in the world. She greeted him cordially, and in a vain man her brilliant eyes would have expressed more than the mere pleasure of seeing an old acquaintance again. But few days elapsed before Mr. Ainsley was on the wing, here and there where his interests called him, meantime making the Charleston hotel his head- quarters. Miss Ainsley's friend, Mrs. Willoughby, carried off the daughter to her pretty home on the Battery, where sea-breezes tempered the Southern gun. Clancy aided the father satisfactorily in business ways, and the daughter found him so agreeable socially, as to manifest a wish to see him often. She interested him as a ivara avis which he felt he would like to understand better, and he would have been less than a man if not fascinated by her beauty, accomplishments, and intelligence. Miss Ainsley could not fail to charm the eyes of sense as well, and she was not chary of the secret that she had been fashioned in one of Nature's finest moulds. The soft, warm Iangour of the summer evenings was, to her, ample, excuse for revealing the glowing marble of her neck aud bosom to dark Southern eyes, and admirers began to gather like bees to honey ready made. Clancy bad wished to see her deportment towards other young men, aud now had the opportunity. The result flattered him in spite oE himself. To others she was courteous, affable and sublimely indifferent When he approachcd it seemed almost as if a film passed from her eyes, that Bhe awakened into a fuller life and became an enchantress in her versatile powers. He responded with as fine a courtesy as her own,' although quite different, but there was a cool, steady, self-restraiut in eyes and manner which piqued and charmed her. Clancy would be long in learning to understand Miss Ainsley. He might never reach the secret of her life and certainly would not unless he bluntly asked her to marry liim-asked her so bluntly and persistently that all the wiles of which woman is capable opened no avenue of escape She was an epicure of the finest type. If she had been asked to a banquet on Mount Olympus, she would have preferred to dine from the one delicious dish of ambrosia most to her taste and to sip only the choicest brand of nectar. Profusion even at a feast of the gods, would have no charms for her She had begun to see the world so early and had seen BO much of it that she had learned the art of elimination to perfection. Sensuous to the last degree but not sensual, she had a cool self-control ani a fineness of taste which led her to choose but a few refined pleasures at a time, and then to enjoy them deliberately and until satiety pointed to a new choice. Keea of intellect she had studied society and with almost the skill of a naturalist, had recognised ths various types of men and women. This cool observation had taught her much worldly wisdom. She saw all about her, mere girls jaded with life already, faded young women keeping up with the fashionable procession as fagged-out soldiers drag themselves along in the rear of a column. She had seen fresh young debutantes rush into the giddy whirl to become pallid from the excess of one season. At one time, she and other friends of hers had been exultant, excited, and distracted by their many admirers and suitors. She soon wearied, however, of this indsicriminate slaughter, and the devoted eager attentions, the manifest desires and hopes of commonplace men, so far from kindling a sense ot triumph and power, almost made her ill. She became like a knight of the olden time who had hewn down inferiors until he was sick of gore. (To be Continued.) 