CHAPTER VHT. iN EKE3IY AKD A FRIES!*. * Are tho ponies ready, Guy V •Yes, sir. Shall I send for Constance V ‘Not on any account. She is dressing, aftdl would not have her hurried. She has as Dttle need of the aid of the toilet as anybody c'mld have, but X like to see her come in with that com posed, queenly air of hers, looking as if dress were the last thing she had thought of. And it is only because she is always so faultlessly dressed that she can look so.’ 3 Guy smiled ; for during the two weeks that had elapsed since the first coming of his consin, Sir Richard's infatuation for his daughter had con stantly grown, so that ho found a pleasure in as cribing to her all the attributes of a queen, or a goddess, or both. Rut Guy was in no wise disin clined to agree with his uncle, for to him, too, she was tlio perfection of womankind. Hi3 feeling for her was ono of wild longing and-blind wor Towards her father she had been almost uni formly affectionate and kind, and tbe old man had, under tho warming influence, lost all of that piteous timidity which her first cold greeting of him had engendered. Ho was her father, and she his daughter, and his pride and adoration of her was boundless. But towards Guy she had main tained a reserve which alio rarely broke through, and it seemed to act rather as a spur to his pas skii than as a deterrent. She came down this morning dressed, as her father had said, faultlessly: but it was not be cause, as he thought, she gavo any great care to her toilet, hut rather because she had the instinct of good taste, which enabled her to subordinate her clothes and give them a character instead of taking one from them, as so many women do, at tho expanse of seeming overdressed. Sho smiled brightly at ber father, and courte ously at Gay, and tho latter turned away with a sigh while the former advanced and took her hand, • with the words: 1 If I did not know better, I should think you had the Graces for handmaidens.’ ‘ And I should think I had a lover instead of a *A lover as well as a father, my darling. I do not think auy man will ever love you more,though ho may love you differently.’ ‘ Why cannot- a father’s love be onough V she asked, with a strango shadow in her wonderful ” ‘ Tho ponies are waiting/ said Guy, in a tons that said plainly enough that ho had no heart for such converse. They were going to a garden party at Yyner Cnstle. 1'or two weeks, as Sir Richard had foreseen,the hall had been beseiged by all the aristocracy of the county, who had come to see the suddenly found daughter of Sir Richard Hartleigh. And now the first of a series of festivities in her honor bad been prepared by 3>rti Randolph Vvner,and tho whole county, led by the Duke and Duchess of Beldaire, was to be there, Tho garden party was the result of a conversa tion between the little Lady Gladys Tyner and her mother. They had been to seo the fair daughter of Hurthiph, and had comb away with mixed emotions. ^Neither spoke until the carriage was well away from the Hall. Then said Lady ‘ What do you think of her, mamma ?' ‘ Sho is very beautiful, and a true Hartleigh/ * Yes; and there stems no reason for tho talk that sho hft3 not been brought up as a lady/ ‘No; her manners are absolutely perfect. Blood alono could not do it. She has had the education necessary to a woman of fashion/ * nave you heard it said that sho and Guy aro to bo manied V ' l.i* * His Graco of Bcldairo had it from Sir Richard himself/ . ‘Why did you not toll mo before V and the littlo lady with tho angel face ami heavenly blue eyes Hashed a glance afc her mother that told a story of sorno temper hidden away under all that sweet prettinesa. ‘Now, Gladys, dear, don’t bo unreasonable. Wlmt was tho uao of telling you?’ * It would lmvo saved mo tho mortification of discovering for myself that Guy had no eye3 ex cept for her/ *1 would not give anothor thought to Guy, niv * X did not say I would. Did you notice that -.■i\ M.t ■)!.lL'»J■»!>.!wi.rf-aitMLtiivi-i-liAt lmfl flpy jgjgreuco to They wero.companions in Ihoir youth/ . ‘ What are you going to do, mamma?’ 11 have hot thought of it, dear/ ‘ Why not give a garden party ?’ * A very good thought. X will/ 1 Issue the invitations at once, so that wo will be the first to show our good will/ * Certainly, dear, if you wish it/ answered Lady Yyner, fondly. ‘Nothing could bo in better keeping. Wo aro tho nearest neighbours, and it will fall naturally to us to be first/ And so they wero the first to draw Constance from tho Hall. It was a glorious summer day on which tho garden party was to bo held, and tho sight that greeted the eyes of Constanco as sho drove her spirited ponies to tho castlo was a very pretty one. Tho gentlemen were all in wbito flannel, and the ladies were, like herself, in pretty lawn cos It was easy to see, by the rush of gentlemen to ward tho phaeton, that Constance had made atf impression on tho male portion of the county. And, certainly, nothing could have been at once more cordial and pretty than the waj Lady Gladys with lawn tenuis racket in her hand junto greet tho guest of the day. * I am so glad to seo you, dear I . You must take my play at tenni3, and yon must play, too, Mr. Guy. Oh, 1 can’t take any excuse, for I know you aro getting one ready, Mbs Constance. You really must.play/ „ . ‘But unfortunately, I don’t know how/ They were walking across the lawn now, and Lady Gladys had ber arm affectionately around her companion’s waist. ■ Don’t know bon*?’ and there was a singu lar inflection m the guTs tone. ‘ No; I bavo nover learned tho game thongli I do not doubt I shall like it when I do learn.' ‘ Of course you will. Why dftn'fc you get itny : to teach you ? Hu is a splendid player—the best * X shall watch yon pi ty, and sometime I will get you to show me how/ * 1 will do that now. Pome. .Gentlemen* Bit-a Ihirhigh will take my play; and 1 will show It 1>« fitiy eh \iicg it had been'a part of the plan of theiiUlo l.tdy to display, her own, grace at the ,, expensed the awkwardness of a neophyte, idle - was doomed to disappointment; for Constance, with the readiness ri ono who ; has made n *jtudy of nouuring knew how to learn without awkward ness Indeed it was not long It fore there wore expressions of incredulity that she Kid never played before. Lady Gladys hcrEelf fisrid : 1 Oli, you must have played before. Why, to eay nothing of your play, which is quite os good os my own, ono must have lived cntijely out of the world not to havo learned lawn tot>nis/ Constance turned her dark, searching eyes - down on tho littlo creaturo and Btudied the face with its innocent bluo cyos and guileless man* 1 Have 1 an cnomy heroV she asked herself. 41 am not deceived by tho child’s simplicity; but why should the dislike nra ? I will watch her. A man I may deceive, but a woman, even such os this, is more to bo dreaded than ten men/ 41 havo lived out of the world, you know/ she said, aloud, without betraying aparticleof annoy 4 Oh, 1 thought you had spent your time in travelling/ and tbs blue eyes sought the brown ones with a *e.ry pretty assumption of inno* cence. ■And-so 5 bare, and that is no doubt tho reason why I have not learned to play lawn The brown eyes were inscrutable, and the blue ones turned away with just the ghost of a flash in . them. ^ Th»y had learned nothing, and.Lady/ Gladys di^ not care to carry her inquisition any further/ • < • 4 Oh, fcJre is his grace l’ she exclaimed. ‘Have , yon eoxho to admire Miss. Hnrtleigh’s playing, your grace ?’ ‘ I am prepared ter admire anything Mias Hart* leigb Joes/ answerod.the duke, gallantly. 4 Jn that case/ said Constance laughingly, ‘I sh?v*l take care not to try anything in the presence of your grace that lam not sure of doing well. Aftd as this gamo: is finished 1 will take your grace’s arm and listen to you, for I can always Usten well when I have eloquence at my ear/ 4 What llittery! It deserves a punishment. I ihall refuse you my arm and turn you over to a younger man. Here is my nephew, Lord Alger non Lintel. Algy, come here/ Constance glanced up and became conscious of one of the most exquisite faces she had ever seen. It had in it nothing of manly strength, but it was full of a sweetness and refinement seldom met even in a woman. It had lines in it that told of pain suffered, but there was nothing to indicate anything but submission and resignation. There was an infinite pathos in tho large violet-blue eyes and in the delicate, sensitive lip, but there was cheerfulness, too, and Constance wa3 won by the face, even before her womanly pity was aroused by tho sight of the frail body and crippled limb which went with the rare face. * Algy, this is Miss Hartleigh. 1 turn her over to you as a punishment for using’ a man's weapons. She flattered me, Algy/ Algy looked into the beautiful face, which then was in its sweetest phase, for it was filled with soft pity, and his largo eyes lighted upeagerly, as he said: 4 If Miss Hartleigh will permit herself to bo disposed of summarily, 1 shall be happy as well as fluttered/ It was not said with an air of gallantry, and Constance did not receive it as such. She an swered with her rare smile: 4 1 have just received my first lesson in lawn tennis, and 1 shall be glad to sit down somewhere and watch the others/ 4 If you would rather walk about, it will nci tire mo,* he said, with frank simplicity. 41 am not strong, but I am not as frail as I look. Be sides, this is ono of my best days. Shall we walk ?* - 4 Not now, please. I want to become ac quainted with you, and wo can talk better if you 4 Does that mean that you think you will like She turned her eyes on his face, so full of an eager sincerity, and answered with a faint 4 You are quick in demanding a declaration of intontions/ * * * . 4 But I liked you at once, and it seemed to me that you liked mo as quickly. I am not danger ous, you know/ he glanced at his crippled limb/ and you may like^me as much as you' can. 1 am suro that you and 1 can understand each other./ Wo are ia sympathy. 1 don’t mean pity for my : misfortunes; everybody who is strong and well pitiC3 mo : but there are not so many who can comprehend that the soni has longings indepen dent of the body. Perhaps I tire you. I am not morbid, though I may seem so. I think I am happier than many who think they have more to to happy for?' They were sitting now, and she laid her hand on his, .with au utter absence of any senae-of dif ference iu sex, and said earnestly : 41 know just what you mean. I did like you at once, and 1 hopa we shall bo f nends/ 4 If you hope, so, we are friend3. Now that wa are friends, let us know more about each other. You know me, I fancy, 1 am Algernon Intel; Marquis of Berain, and heir to the dukedomol Bv’Maire ; a great deal for such a poor wretch as l, is it-not?' He laughed pleasantly, as he spoke, and she smiled as if she could comprehend his feeling. He recognised her sympathy, and in the same merry way, asked : 4 How came you to bo Mi =s Hartleigh? They say you are Sir Eichard’s daughter. Oh, I ask your pardon. 1 hare said something wrong/ Not so. I havo been separated from my father for many years, and now I have returned horna She fulfe his hoaest, searching eyes fixed on:her, and felt uneasy, though not in tuo least resentful,. H« listened to her,and, when she ceased speaking, said, earnestly*: 4 Wo can help each other, 1 am sure now. You have suffered; I am afraid you sutler now. Who can tell ? I may be of as much service to you as vou to mo. 1 do not care much for self-appointed prophets; but I have a feeling that some day I can help yoa. If ever I can will you let me? And will you forgive mo for having spoken as I Maid a listened to him with a sort of terror. It was to her as though ho were reading the story of her misery, past, present and future. She pressed her hands over her eyes as if she would shut out tho picture he had conjured up. Then she with drew her hands, and with a sad smile auswered, 4 Yes, I have suffered, and, I suppose, must still suffer somo; but it is mostly a thing of the past, amt I do not think of it if I can help it/ ‘Norgive mo for what I have done/ 4 No, wo are friends. Wo know each other now. But do not let us talk of such things again. Hear tho shouts l Somebody lias made a good play, I ■—,TnthhiVr \ them call calling goodne§3~iiiuf:in»5 myself/ . Maida answered absently,: and would have changed the conversation, had she not been re lieved of tho necessity by seoing Guy approaching with Lady Gladys on his arm. Sho instantly as sumed command ol herself, for she had a strange feeling that in somo way sho was to bo put to the test. Sho had begun to look upon Lady Gladys as an enemy. 