PARSON JOYE'S JUSTICE Uv MARIA BLUNT, is "ScBinsni'a MAOAZIHK." I. Piton its position near the intersection of three important roads Stonebrakers mill was the most convenient meeting-place in tho district. The, gray mill climbed out of a mossy and mint-scented ravine, like a boy upon a wall, to rest head and elbows-that is to say, upper story and long sloping roof-upon a rocky ledge beside tho pond. Acrosa this ledgo passed the road, shaded by two hugo syca- mores that guarded the mill door. Wooded bills kept off the keenest winter winds, and tho miller was a goniul and hospitable person. Therefore the wooden benches under bis sycamores were seldom empty. When there was nothing else of interest Hie gossips discussed tho parson's sermons. The Reverend Melnncthon Joyo was their spiritual purveyor, and he always contrived to give them something to talle about, Every Sunday morning ho skirted tho mill- pond on bia wny to preach in the old stone church at the Court House. The benches would then be empty, at least until ho was out of sight. In the afternoon he passed again and rode 10 milca along the mountain to meet in a weatber-beatou school-bouse, u handful of backwoodsmen and tboir wives- mostly their wives. Somo of tho mon, perhaps, would bo lounging nt the mill. Sunday evening found him at the Cross Hoads, among tho farmers of the river bottom. By this timo he might be hoarse, but his Iiis eloquence having night for background, waa more lurid than ever. It thundered and lightened over the heads of six or oight com- placent couples who carno to church in order to go home together afterward. The recrea- tions of tho district being few, young lovo ?was driven to seek opportunity even iu tho unlikely ministrations of Parson Joye. Strangers, if by chanco any wore present, relieved themselves by wondering where the preacher of snob granite doctrine ever got so nott a name. His mother while she had lived called him Lanky, lindiug tho name fit well enough much botter than his clothes, with which her utmoat efforts could hardly cover his big bones. Melancthon despised clothes, which was fortunate, because if ho got a now suit once in two years it. was as mnoh as ho ex pee tod. His old ones were bestowed (ut long intervals) on tho negro who (occasionally) curried his sorrel horse. That worthy animal, if as gaunt nnd raw-boned, was also as tough and wiry as his master, and in color very like tho parson's lair. Togothor they took tho brunf, of many a ?winter storm. Melancthon cased in stout grey linsey, woven upon hand-looms in the mountain cabins, and unsurpassed for turning the sharp tooth of weather. A huge gray shawl, pinned Indian fashion aoroBS his nar- row Bhouldem, was shielded further by a split umbrella. Tho sorrel pushed through the nnow- drifti sturdily, not shielded at all save by his own endurance. In summer they went the sen-same rounds in boat und dust : thc sorrel with a branch of <; something leafy stuck into his head-gear in a vain attempt to cheat the flies; Melancthon in a costumo of his own devising. j His. stern and sallow face was shaded by a broad, black hat.. His venerable linen trou- sers,'creased and travel-stained, were thrust into cow-hide boots. A light alpaca coat, wrinkled arid very short behind, flapped gently OR he jogged along. From some freak . of propriety, ho wore tho high, black veBt, above which tho frayed edges of his collar were .intermittently visible-''sometimes too visible, displaying an irritating tendency to rasp the parson's ear. This behavior of his collar had given him an awkward habit of thrusting out his chin und writhing his neck . and lips-a habit very disconcerting until you become used to it. In this manner the parson and his horse brought to remote clearings the rod and staff of strenuous exhortation and reproof. Nor were these all they brought, for to the weak- ness of tho flesh Melancthon's practice made concessions that his prtaohingdenied. Dies ? anyone nowaduys over seo the old- fashioned saddle-bags) Tbe parson bestrode a pair that \- he kept lillod with a variod stook, among which were, medicines, chiefly of tho ; old . heroic sort- calomol, suits and a fearful com- pound known ns No. C. These he admin- istered upon a BVHtom of his own, which would have made the childron fly from him in terror ' if ho had not, been provided beaidos with a . timely ápplo, a cookio or a chicken log, wrap . pod in newspaper and saved, most likely, from his dinner. For'Parson Joye had little chance to give of that which cost him nothing: Tho united ?_.! efforts of his parishes paid him something like throe hundred dollars'a year. In addition . - they gave him a house, sot among a ; few. -' ràggod acres, whioh he rented to a hard-work- ing man and wife in exchange for board and' '' .'' lodging.' ' The sorrel pastured in the dooryard, " or fed upon uncertain donations of corn and oats. V He/like his master, took what came \- and throve by force of churucter. Mr. Joye's tobacco was also a donation, " and he took it in its simplest form, the quid. :-HcThad'his doubts about it us undue indul- gence, but it enabled him to say to some black sheep: "Seo here, if you'll quit drinking, I'll' : stop tobacco." The prosely to would sign the ' pledge, Melanctlion would forego his ? one luxury, sternly encouraging his woakor .bro : : ther¿ until that brother' was! met-as sooner, .. . or. later ho always was-helplessly tipsy in the _ strebte! Thon, tho bargain being up, Mejanc : thon would go homo and solace himself .with I" --a'melancholy chew. ,;. JJ ;\ | '", ''Fiijty.'centa' a week tho' parson paid to his j : washorwomnn. This shrewd and plausible V^,, .old sinner^was. so,sparing of .soap and oconotn ' :. ical of labortbat it was difllciilt to tell)whether -tho Kovcrond Mr. Joye had on a clean shirt' or not. The samo was not truo o f bia surplice "You can have dinner early to-day, Mandy, an observant bousekeepsr would say to be cook. "We won't have a long sermon, saw old Aunt Lyddy taking home Mr. Joye' surplice yesterday." Even so. Mightier than armies,, stronge than the sword, were flour and water in th hands of a wrinkled old colored woman They made the parson falter in his testimony Perhaps Aunt Lyddy had some reverence fo the priestly vesture, perhaps some remnant o honesty pricked her to earn the extra bonui or pride may have moved her to show whs she could do. After each periodical clear sing the parson stood before his cong reg» t io in a robe of office that crackled and cried wit every motion of his long lean vigorous armi Cleanliness may be akin to godliness, but it i known that near relations quarrel. Could Melancthon have had his way that surplice would never have been washed at all. The starch quelled his spirit, it hampered his words, tripped his gestures and scattered his thoughts; not until the gown grew limp could his discourse regain its nerve and sinew. One summer Sunday the time for washing tho surplice was presumably near. At all events every bit of starch was out of it and Melancthon, untrammelled, preached a trench- ant sermon. It was on a favorite theme, the subjection of women more especially of wives —Adam first, then Eve, with much use of St. Paul's commentaries upon the same. The men were delighted and pointed their domestic morals. Next day, away from home, in the security of Hiram Stonebraker's benches, they sat under the sycamores and poked fun at each others' pretensions. ' Parson kin talk,' said sheepishly at last tho butt of many jests. 'He don't have nobody to jaw back. Just let him take a wife oncet and see how then.' 'A little bird was telling me that would not be so long neither.' This announcement, very solemnly made raised a shout of laughter from the benches 'Well, it's so; you see. You can't never pass by the Ridge Road that that there sorre of liis'n ain't hitched down Byers's Lane Ho stands under thom apple-trees tho enjurii time.' 'Jim, what'U you do ?' asked Stonebarker as soon as he could speak for laughing. ' I Mr. Joye brings him home a wife, you know there ain't no house built big enough foi two women.' ' If parson thinks,' said Melancthon'i tenant with acerbity, not liking the prospoc of ejection,-' If parson thinks he cai plough tins here land and ride round visitin1 sick folks like he do now, he'll, find oui mighty quick. An' if parson thinks ary staH of wheat, or corn's goin' tor grow like then hollyhocks and laylock bushes, without ploughing, he'll find out quicker.' Apparently the parson meant to find out, Ho was at that moment hitching the faithful sorrel to a board fence whitewashed into a shining neatness." Old Mr.- Byors dwoll iii a low stone house with a superabundance of outer doors open- ing under a long front porch. There wore moro aristocratic names in the country than his, but none so good on a note, and hand- somer 2>lacos, but not one so trim and tidy. If his wife and daughter did most of toe house- work they wielded their brooms with fino effect. Tho box-bordored path Melanc- thon trod through the old-fashioned, formal garden had been so scrupulously swept that not a leaf, nor a pebble, not a loose bit of earth, was to be seon. Bits of cumbrous rode-work hero and there, tubs of oleanders, and tho trunk of every tree had boen swept too, but with a lime brush, until in the dusk the place seemed full of beckoning ghosts, whito and fantastic beneath the shadowy vines. Melancthon had few thoughts to spare for ghosts. Tho sound of brisk feet and click of crockery were vastly more sug- gestive to his mind. They told him that the early supper being over and its traces cleared away, the active lady of his admiration would have leisure to speak to him. He could see her now moving back and forth across the open windows, and could hear hor singing in a high, young voice. ' I declare, Matt,' ho also hoard her mother say, with hospitable pleasure in her tone, ' if there ain't Parson Joye.' Whereupon tho singing ceased abruptly and the Roverend Mr. Joye, who a moment before had been moved to censure tho friv- olous nature of tho song, now found himself wondering ruefully what he had ever done to make Miss Mattie Byers afraid of him. She did not look when she came out to greet him ns though it was her habit to bo much afraid. She was a handsomo girl with bright black eyes and a complexion almost us dazzling as hoi' father's fences. Her dress was the neatest of starched calicoes with co- quettish embellishments, wisps of velvet round her pretty throat, Bmart ribbons, jingling ornaments to ring appropriate music to an acknowledged belle. All the young men ia the country were glad to tie their horses under Mr. Byers's apple-trees and to spend an evening on tho stone Btops of his porch, finding them soft or Iinrd according to Miss Mattie's whims. Tho parson sat there, too, with tho perseverance that amused tho parish. Mr. Joyo, thundering denunciations troin tho pulpit, was a name of awe ; ., Mr. Joye, dangling after Mattie Byers among a throng of smarter suitors was a sight of ridicule. Molancthqn ignored the ridibule. .Like the crackling of thorns under the pot was to him the laughter of fools. He sot his grim face toward his purpose and let thom laugh. Nevertheless his purpose was just now a little difficult'of execution. Ho watched Mattie's hands toying with the vines ; lier uninterested silence daunted him. Ho wished his tongue were the pen of a ready writer. He coughed ; ho dealt ? with his collar; ho glanced for help around tho spectral garden. You make everything nico you touch;v Miss Mattie. This garden's always as white andclean--' .?"? ' But T don't whitewash tho fences, Mr. Joye; . It's pa.' . .., .-' 'And your flower-beds never have any weeds in'oih--. ,'?,..'"' .'Indeed they.do; then-lots-but that's ma, Bhe's all the time grubbing at 'em.' ?. ' Do .you want to make out . you never do anything,' MI'BS Mattie ? I know better. Though you seem to be falling, into a snare of pleasure--'? , îNqyr,,Mr. Joyo!'for pity's sake how do I sbem?' I'm sure you needn't to grudge md all tho pleasure I can1 get in this dull place, . What do you wan t mo .to, do ?' . ,'.Wbat< do-I.; want you' to do, Miss Mattie ?'? ;: The parson- passed . a lean hnnd across his face and cloncfied' it'frowning, on' Woobin. n^I-^rp tell you,'1 ho cleared bia .throafc.\\--Ki!I'.want.iyou«to;;;quit - going .to. dáffijing.'pa^rjb'es-r^'.^ -I "f TT¿vrr;; p(; \ " Yoii ¿now,'! indignantly^.' I nevet dánce. round dances.' 'I want you to leave the the worldly com- pany you're ao taken up with. I wat)t you to come out and be 'separate. I-I want you to marry me, Miss Mattie, and the sooner the better.* ' Oh, my ! Mr. Joye !' ' * 'Well why not?' the proposition once made he could regard it rationally. Don't you like me?' .Oh, of course, Mr. Joye, I like you; but-' : ??: 'I've been coming here a good while.' .Oh, but, Mr. Joye, of course you came to seo pa ?' ' Was it your pa I talked to then ?' , Melancthon had., certain ill-flavored re- collections for times when he had not been permitted to talk to her. 'I hope you'll take me, Mis Mattie ; the Bible says it is not good for man to be alone-nor woman either.' , But in vain was the net spread in the sight of this fair bird. Presently tho parson's manner changed. 'I Ree how it is, Miss Mattie. I've been afraid nil along, now I nm sure. You're on tho edge of a precipice. , I call you to come back.' .'?..«. " Why, Mr. Joye ! I don't know what you mean.' Yes you do, MÍBB Mattie. You know very well. You let Washburn Mason keep on coming here you'll rue the day you were born.' 'Mr. Mason never comes here, Mr. Joye,' cried the girl, excitedly. 'You know pa forbid him. You know you got him to do 'it. And a mean : thing, ' too. - I don't know what makes you all so down on that poor »nan.' She had risen to leave him in hor anger. ' Sit down, Miss Mattie.' The parson towered above her in the twilight porch. ' Sit down .'and listen to every word I say.' She hesitated. . He repeated, 'Sit down,' until she finally obeyed, but tossed her head and tapped her foot in wrathful indepen- dence. ' Now see here,' Melancthon punctuated his discourse with the finger of his right hand upon the palm of the left. ' Wash Mason is a bad egg_. There hasn't been a bit of devilry in this county since he was twelve years old but ho was head and front of it. By rights many a time he'd beon in jail. He'll get there yet.' The etiquette of courtship forbids depreci- ation of a rival. The parson trampled upon etiquotte. . ?. ? * ' You've heard said a young fellow must be wild and he'll get over it. Wash Mason ain't that kind.' ' He's bad all through.' ' That's your Christian charity, to speak good of all men,' she cried with provocation. Her mentor went on, facing the flashing black eyes. "When his mother was alive he never lifted a hand to help her. "When sho was sick I scourged the country to get her a bit of butter, Wash plastered it on his own broad. One week after she died ho was flyiDg round to picnics. His father left him a good property-' ' I should think so. The old Mason place is the very fineBt in the county.'' 'Yes Miss Mattie, tho old Mason place is the finest in the county-and there ain't a yard of whole fence on it. When those old pictures look down at Wash.lying dead drunk on tho parlor floor they can't get out of their frames to keep the old place from ruin It don't help a man what his grand- father was-' ' I should think you might help a man instead of hounding him, Mr. Joye. Ho's got good feelings. He never had any proper influence-' - u ; 'And you think' you 'could ''influence Washburn Mason ! You're not the first girl's been beguiled to think she could turn a man by a look or a smile.1 Plenty of con- ceit dwells in woman. After he's once got you what do you suppose he will care for your influence ?' . (' 'Mr. Joye-7-' * ] ' Miss Mattie, bo not deceived. What a man don't do for his mother, ke'surely won't do for his wife; You take Wash Mason, you take a seat with him for life. You can't get out like you did the day. of the picnic to Laurel Grove-' 'Mr. Joye, I never thought you'd be so mean !' 'He was drunk when- you started,' Melancthon persisted, never stopping, and never raising his voice. . 'Before dinner- time he couldn't be allowed where decent people were, and I had to pack him into his own new buggy-Oh, yes, those fine yellow wheels, he's nevor paid for it-and get Joe Welsh to take him homo, und bring you hack myself between mo and Lizzie Peters---' 'You shan't talk so. I won't listen. Lizzie PetorB, indeed ! Why don't you ask Lizzie Peters to marry you, Mr. Joye. What do.you want with a sinner like,me?' '. She was scarlet with mortification, ready to cry with rage. 'I don't wish to marry Lizzie Peters,', Melancthon answered,"composedly, ' and wo are all sinners, though you' didn't menn it when you said so. You can think' about what I've said. Wash isn't only a drunk- ard. He'B worso : he's an infidel.' ' I don't care what he ip. I--'? ¡ ' Hush !' The parson 'raised his hand' with authority. 'Tempt not the Almighty. You are on tho edge of a pit. . I bid you take caro.' He went down the stops immediately, leav- ing' her choking with'pnssion. '.' ' ; ' !. ? The., shambling sorrel carried hita'away. Tho moon arose, making the' hills look ¡flat and the broad fields broader' and more solitary. No ; one ¡ but himself seemed abroad in the wide, silent night until; at tho entrance to a piece of woodland, he met, coming out of black shadow, a horseman, lonely like himself. It was Wash Mason, who sat his. horse easily, one hand on!his hip tho other carelessly holding tho reins.-' '. ' That you, parson ? Evening. Out late to-night.' ; : The tone was mocking. Ho did not; take the trouble to nod. Tho .moonlight .falling full on his facolsh'owed " how handsome it was, how self-satisfied, ?: jauuty, ? and/ imp'ud ont., ".,".... ,. ... I ' ' I know where you ve" been;' heJseemed to say. .?'?'Mo' UB6, you1 see. 'It's^'my turn now.'.-.. . ... ... j -, The. old Adam, at that moment rampant in the parson's : veins, "clenched his 'hand upon tho,bridle. 1 A spasm of anger, righte- ous perhaps',' bùt vèry réal/Bhook him. ¡ Ho fixed his.eyes sternly upon Mason's face and rode by; leaving the salutation unreturned. ' Mr. Joye expressed no, surprise when he was .told,-. u : fev? weeks ' latér,"that Mattie Byers, and "Wash. Mason hnd gone ofE tb-be. -J. ;iAU'! -_ -T»_ '_'?>: il. _ _1_? added, 1 was that mad he was crazy, and he_ vowed Miss Mattie shouldn't never step'her. ip.9*.i5?l4LÍiLá?5L?S2iE., .. ' married. 'Old'.'man Byers,'' tho: thia county'to toto that there'bag?1 I'd a sent for it myself if I'd a - known she ' was that hard up.' ' "' 1 ? , 'The bencheB under Stonebraker's sy- camores were as full as usual.' Everybody had grist for that mill. Even the sorrel was glad to stand in: the shade, this ' warm Sep- tember day, and listen to the cooling drip of water over the mill-wheel. But the loungers showed some surprise as Stonebraker seized a bag of corn from Melancthon's saddle-bow and flung it within the door. .One of them remarked: *I don't reckon .this is exactly the kind of harvest you're called to gather in, Mr. Joye.' ? His.": companions ; laughed. Mr. ' Joye ignored ; the remark a's he did the dust left hy the bag on his coat. > Yet in his silence lay such , audible reproof that the miller unconsciously adopted an accent of apology. ' "Well I did tell her I "was laying off to put the mill.on to wheat. But I could 'a let her have some meal. That's what I've got to do now. That there com ain't'fitton to grind right outen the silk.' * I reckon it don't ever go amiss, Hiram,' the parson said, judicially, ' to help her all you can.' . Por.Mr. Byers had boen a man.of his word. At the end oE five years he Btill maintained that as Mattie made ber bed, sb so she must lie. The bed was hard. ' She had became a, fagged and faded woman, living, no one could tell how, with three children in a long cabin that in old Colonel Mason's timo had boon used by his negroes. And she had this on sufferance. ., i : Therewere some who said that in spite of ber infatuation for Washburn's hnndsomo face, she never would have married him had it not boen her ambition to rule over the finest place in the county. But this place had been seized upon for Washburn's debts in the first year of her marriage. It was bought by two sanguine young men, known as " them spry Vermonters," who believed that farming in Virginia could be made to pay. i Wash was rarely Bober and never did a hand's turn of work.- The spry Ver- monters detested him,' but' they were sorry for his wife and refrained from demanding rent for the cabin. This generosity brought them no thanks. The district looked on them as interlopers. It grudged their pros- perity. When y°u 8e' out to teach your betters, your success is an added insult. | Even Melancthon Joye, in spite of fore- sight justified, could not pass' the old place without a flavour of bitterness in his soul. . He had stopped to look at it that.'Sep tembér morning while the sorrel, with ac- customed readiness, seized tho opportunity to nibble the dusty grass by the roadside. ?Pive years had made little difference in the parson, or his horse. A few white hairs in the sorrel's mane, a few more wrinkles in the parson's coat---otherwise they were as unchanged as the meagre and slovenly farms they visited. But Washburn's squandered patrimony, looked rich and fair; the fences straight and even. A loaded wagon, drawn by four fino horses, approached the new barn and the group of old buildings crowning a distant hill-slope shone with fresh paint. As'Mel anctbon watched, one of the young pro- prietors came by, walking quickly as was his habit. He threw the parson a curt 'How are you ?' and passed on. The parson started on too, angry at being caught. He medit- ated a sermon upon the deceitfulness of riches, with reference to the wicked flourish- ing as- a green bay tree. But as no strength of metaphor could include, Wash Mason among the-' Tighteous Melancthon gave up his idea."""* ?..?-'?'?'?' Just- then, around,a turn in the road, he came in sight of the cabin with its'few spindling rows of corn that Mattie had some- how coaxed into being. 1 He could see her limp sun-bonnet among tho weedy stalks and inside the cabin door, which was open, the baby, lay in' a wooden cradle and howled. The week's wash-pitifully scanty--was spread, on the bushes and broken fence. Beside tho fence stood a bucket of whitewash with, a brush sticking in it. Melancthon remembered the refulgent rockwork of her girlhood's home. Tho whitewash proved her still her father's daughter, yet it seemed to emphasize her degradation. - ' At sound of the'sorrel's hoofs she turned and Melancthon saw her worn, tired face. Her eyes had in them a dumb beseeching which was'habitual and unconscious, for she only 'nodded and .went on tearing off'the ears of corn and' dropping them into a bag. She was in'haste to quiet the baby. All the parson's predictions were fulfilled. He saw in this dragged, discouraged woman the blooming and defiant girl who had trampled on his warning. ' She haddad the warning. ' And Provi- dence ,is just. . ; :' ; ' . Nevertheless, when Melancthon rode off he'carried the bag of corn-with him and he turned back on his way and went to Stone- braker's mill. Nobody there had a good word for.Wash.Mason.,. ? ;_\; . . "'.'We'd have helped her'many a time, Mr. Joye, : if it wa'n't; fpr,';him-a" lazy) ornery, trifling no-account,; more .ready, to- pick .a quarrel than'a pig is to eat. Why don't he toto his own corn to mill ?' . -Mr..'Joye was troubled ; something lay upon his mind. ' . ' ' ' 'Hiram,'said he, suddenly, ' does he ill treat her?'- ?:?; ? 1 . Land,,Mr. Joye ! Ain't it ill-treatment toiBtarve?! ,. . . . ; ;.'I mean does ho abuse her?' : - - , He turned, frowning, to the benches, where the mon btirred uneasily and looked .across the pond. . The parson seemed to be accusing: them.* ' ". i >':- ? '..?'. '. Well, we ain't never.seen, Mr. Joye,'one answered, reluctantly, ' else of course ;we wouldn't allow, it.. But'you kin; judge for yourself. If a man' gets BO roaring crazy away, he ain't likely to bo: a lamb at home. You know what.they say.'; , :.; ; , . Mr. Joye did know. ?.. He had ¡ heard tho storioB told under these very sycamores of Mattie running through the woods with her children at dead of. night,. and -, arriving breathless at the nearest neighbor's a mile away.. ,? -, ' '',:'?/.??')' \ ; '?. 'She claimed it was ghosteses frightened her,' - said Stonebraker..! Mattie. .Byers wa'n't no girl to be scared by ghpstses., But she's close-mouthed. ' Miss Peters' couldn't get nothing out pf her'cept that.' 'You say yourself,-parson,' ventured an auditor., ? You can't come between man and wife.'' . .. .'No,'said the parson. .... But his eyes seemed to retreat into caves beneath a beetling crag of forehead; his Tioinan noao stood out, a headland' oh some rocky coast. His sinewy hand was clenched .upon his chin, as he scowled at the pond,' into which .Stonebraker, leaning against n tree,: was dropping bits of bark. The circles slowly widened; Tocking farther 'from ¡the shore.,-- The miller, reabre under' that' por- tentous gaze, looked up. ' You know, parson, I've said she ought to leave him.' " " " '.:;->.... 'Then you've sàid wrbrigi'Hiram, you've said wrong. . Whom God has joined together, let no man put asunder. - You've heard me preach abuut that.' ? ?. . ,'? They had indeed. ? They were not anxious at the moment to have the sermons repeated. Stonebraker muttered':' . .,. 'Don't appear to me God joins every couple. Looks like the devil had a hand iu some. Anyway, Mr. Joye,'you're always preaching justice. Now where's the justice in putting all Wash Mason's sins onto Mattie's poor little shoulders ?' > : ¡>. .. A Bpasm passed across the parson's face. His collar, loose and rasping, had attacked his ear. He paused to discipline this unruly member, then answered : 'She ain't punished for his sins, she's punished for her own.' 1 'Mr. Joye, Bhe was always a good girl.' ,,' Hiram, the eye that mocketh its father, the young eagles shall eat it. Do you think when Mattie Byers, child of godly parents, married an infidel she didn't sin ? If she'd road her Bible more instead of flying round to picnics, she'd have remembered not be unequally yoked with unbelievers. But the Lord will be good to Mattie Byers. He'll let her take her punishment in this world--' He gathered up his reins. His audience sat up straighter in token of respect- and relief. 'Anyway, poor thing, she's got a hard row to hoe. ? You ain't going parson ?'cried the millor, good-naturedly, wishing to part pleasantly. 'Well, good morning to youi Come again. It always does us good to talk to you, or anyway it oughter.' But bo went into the mill and turned over the bag of corn with his foot. 'Nubbins. Not much good for hogs. But I shorely am sorry for Mattie. Parson ain't married, be don't know.' ' Well, that ain't his fault neither. Miss Mattie 'd a heap sight better have had him, shore enough. Ho kin put the women'in their placos fast enough, but he'd do better by her than Wash Mason has.' 'That's so,'chorused the group upon the benches; 'but anyway'twould take a heap of religion to put up with all he says that is right.' Melanctlion went homo and turned the sorrel into tho yard and flung his hat into one corner and his saddle-bags into another ; and sat down to the composition of ono of those pungent sermons that were likenothing so much as country salad-all mustard and vinegar with the oil left but, rancid. Before that sermon was delivered , the parson's affairs took him to tho Court House, andas he walkod down its single Btreet ho saw a crowd upon the corner. A loud voice made itself heard above much laughter. Melanctlion stopped abruptly and; frowning, clutched his chin. . See here,' he said to a bystander, ' is that Wash Mason ?' ? '! 'Talking? Yes/sir. That's him.' ' Is he drunk ?' ' Well, I dunno as you'd say drunk, Mr. Joye,' quizzically. 'Sorter top-heavy, I reckon.' ' ' How long's ho been at it ?' 'Well, I dunno, sir. 'Pears to mo that every time I go down street I come upon Wash Mason carrying on somewheres. He'll be going home toreckly.' ' Home !'repeated Melancthon, violently. ' Home ! . To beat his wife ?", 'Well, sir, they do say-' , , fThon why don't you,stop him? Aren't there mon enough in this country, to protect one woman.' I 'Law, Mr. Joye, who'B, to do it? She's his wife.' 'Who? Why you. Anybody.' . . ' But, Mr. Joye, I ain't seen him. (I couldn't swear to it, sir. He'd have me arrested.' ' Tchk !" said Melancthon in impatient dis- gust, striding off, ' ' Preachers air jest like women,* muttered tho man discontentedly. " ' Always at you to do some fool trick you know you can't do. What's he want me to-taokle Wash Mason for? WaBhd sooner shoot than riot.' With his long arms swinging and his short coat flapping the parson wont up tho street, Hiram Stonebraker, starting homeward in his buggy beheld thisfamiliarfigure gesticulating on the sidewalk. Before he could stop Melancthon climbed over the wheel. ' My horse is down street,' said he, breath- lessly. , ' 'Eh?' said Hiram, astonished. ' Hitched by Strodo's store,' panted the parson.: 'You get him. I'll bring this buggy back some time to-night.' ' Oh !' Stonebraker began to. understand. 'All right, Mr. Joye, I'd just as lief ride.' . Joye with difficulty restrained his impa- tience while the miller got his bulky person to the ground, then ho struck the astonished old mare, with'tho whip. ' Hold on,' cried Stonebraker, ' Look out for the bundles, parson, I've got my week's, coffeo and sugar in there.' Melancthon craned his long neck round the buggy top. ','This evening-the mill-all right,' was air that Stonebraker could make but above the creaking and groaning bf his flying equipage. ; ,. Ho laughed as he turned to go down street for the sorrel. ' ' 'If parson can make, old Nan keep that up he's a smarter man than I am. What's got him now, I wonder.'. . , , ,..,,. :. . '? One' only thought was in tho parson's mind. WaBh Mason shouldnover Btriltr^his wife another blow.\ ' And to prevent this ho had but one idoa., It was to get tb tho, wood- side cabin before the drunkard did, andj to carry off- Mattie with her children to some place of safety.. Just what place would bb safe was hard to tell, and he postponed decision. Speod was what he wanted; now, and speed from old Nan--! Melancthon wished he had taken timo to put the sorrel botween tho shafts of Hiram's rattletrap'.' He knew as well as other people that Wash would sooner shoot than not. ? ?.? ? , . 'But he got to tho cabin'where Mattie was" busy over hor washtub, and he .bade her sb imperiously to leave everything and come instantly with him, that she took her hands from tho suds, caught up tho baby and, scared but silbnt, got into the buggy whe'ro'Melanc thon had already put tho two older children. They drove off, leaving tho clothes in ;the tub and tho cabin door swinging open, past the empty cradle., Beyond the woods,' out on the level road, that happened which Melanc- thon ; feared. -' They met Mason riding home;",' ;He ' stared 'in' amazement'' arid; old Nari Bhufflod,pi8t .before he collected bis wits...'.: 5.» ..'(... ;- -i.' "¡!,,íAl. ' ; ¡; "Melancthon strove steadily, lo oking straight ahead;'' ? ? -?''.' ? ¿ . "' '?' ' ' ' HiI Mr. Joye!' ' ""' "';î!"v ''"^ | !,' , i. ^Mattie started .and shivered, clutching her baby :tigbter.;ïïThe^childrén . stopped* their chatter. Melancthon drove on. . S 'Mr. Joye, What'are you doing with my wife?' " ? 77; -' . .,1 Get up,', said the parson, clucking to old Nan. But he did not touch her with tho whip. r It-was'no use. Mason wheeled his horse and fell into pace behind the buggy. "Whethe.r he were inclined .'to be violent, or only tipsy and maudlin, no one knew, and no looked to see. Melancthon felt the trembling of the woman athis side. She had lifted the baby tb her neck to hide her face. ' He could hear her sobbing in the stifled way loamed from long restraint. ' Now . and then the hoofs of Mason's horse striking on the stones would bo heard above the rat tl o of the wheels. The sound was sharp. , Melancthon thought of the click of a revolver. He kept his eyes between the old mare's ears. But when presently ? they ' reached the branching of the road the parson : turned toward the mill. . Mrs.; Stonebraker, he remembered, was as kind- hearted as her husband. She would look after Mattie while he dealt with Wash. No other place was near, and this sort of thing could not be kept up. They must get somewhere quickly. September's sunset burned behind the hills as at last Nan slowly hobbled round the pond--the peaceful pond, in which abright, reflected sky lay red among the lilies and the mill's gray walls grew pink between the leuvos. Scenting her own stable, the old mare made such a, sudden dash around the bend that Melancthon had time to got Mattie and her'children out of tho buggy and insido the nailer's gate before tho parson rode up. 'Go into'tho house,' ho said to her as Wash rolled off his horse and lurched for- ward. Melancthon eyed him keenly. His whip was in hishand, and tho butt of a revolver stuck out upon his hip,, but he seoined meek' enough and inclined to whimper. 'Parson, don't you know I cannot get along'without my wife? I ain't had my supper, sir. Matt, what is the reason you do not come with your old man ?' j ' Go into the house,' said Melancthon again. She stood, trembling, the children clinging to her skirts. Wash reached his hand across tho fence, but could'not quite touch her sleeve.' ,."!,'' Go into the Muse'' said Parson Joye, and when he spoke in. that'tone he was obeyed. Mattie went into the house. Mason made an effort to follow. Melancthon - laid his hand upon the gate. : ' Go home,' WaBh,' he said quietly. ' I told you you'd got to behave. When you're sobor I'll talk to you.' 'Who wants you to talk?' screamed Mason, his drunken mood changing in a flash. . Get out of here. You. can't preach to me, you black-coated, shovel-hatted sneak, you. And you, can't meddle with my wife. No man meddles with my wife. I'll teach her -I'll--' ? ' Look hero,' said Melancthon, sternly fix- ing his eyes on Mason's face, now red and furious. 'You go''home and; go to sleep. You've lost. your, right to your wife. You can't have her till you learn to behave. And if you so much as speak a hard word to her again you'll repent it.' Mason burst into a cackling laugh. 'llopenting's. .your . line, Parson, 'taint mine.* Then threateningly, ' Who's to make mo?' ' I will,' said 'the parson. , .'? ' You get out ! I'll thrash you to. a jelly. I'll beat you worse'n I beat her.'. Ho raised his arm. 1 ??? Put down that whip,' said the parson. ' I'll put it down',' cried .Wash,' and laid it in a stinging stripe across.the parson's head. "Joye leaped upon him. There was abrief scuffle. The whip whirled through the air into the pond. There was a flaBh, a report, a gleam of steel among the aldor buBh.es, another splash as the revolver followed the whip. Wash felt the parson's bony fingers close upon his throat, felt himself shaken mercilessly, like a rat .by a terrier, felt with a breathless terror that his hour had come. The next instant ho staggered back, giddy and gasping. That terrible grasp relaxing suddenly left him blind, swaying; half choked. He found a tree, or something to support.him, until by^degreeB the landscape steadied itself. Then, still under the spell of fear, he looked around, uttered a loud cry and dropped .upon his knees.' ' . ' "' O Parson !. O; Lord ! Parson, I didn't go to do it. You .know I didn't. Parson, say you ain't hurt.' The parson did not say any thing. He lay with closed eyes beneath tho bushes. But Stonebraker, who from across the pond had heard the shot, leaped from the panting sor- rel's back and Beized WaBh hy the collar. The nows flew. Before night had fairly fallen the . whole district had heard that Wash - Mason 1 had shot Parson Joye, and that the parson was lying dead in Stone breaker's .house, and that W08!1 was locked up in the mili. Every man who heard this talo swore roundly and started off. The rising moon beheld bn every road the moun- taineers and farmers, singly and in groups, on foot and mounted, all making towards the mill, now black beneath the shadow of its sycamores,'while iu the silent pond the stars, not yet eclipsed, gleamed wavering. Many of these men were masked, some wore curious hoods around the, head and neck, and all were armed. The parson was not dead. There [ was even no immediate reason why he should die. He had recovered consciousness in Stonebrakbr's bed, and the doctor who dres: sed his wound said encouragingly that if ho would keep still and not lose anymore blood he: would come round all right. He fell into a doze, having ; seen1 through the open window tho moon'climbing up: between the pines on the mountain., He.was'awakened by a woman's cry. . ' O Mr. Joye ! O Parson ! You don't want him killed. ' They're going for him. They've got him.' '?"'' "/ ,. Mattie. hnd ruBhod into the room crazy with fright. ; Joye Bat up in bed. . ] 'The glare of torches through tho window obliterated the white. moonlight. He heard hoarse.voices, trampling feet, the pawing of horses, and a high, desperate voice shrill with terror. It was Wash Mason pleading for. his life. The'torchlight flashed across the pond; sharply on the moss-grown mill it drew tho outlines of tho leaves and of one long, straight lino that fell from a stout limb of the tallest sycamore. On this limb two men were busy; just below, a struggling and en- treating figuro was held by two others, and a close . ring hemmed thom in. It was ghastly and horrible to see no faces. No thing but a blank-whiteness, featureless, ex- pressionless, crossed by two black and un- responsive slits, behind which all imaginable cruelty might lurk. Over tho ravine, the road, the rocks and bushes, fantastic shadows moved'and/beckoned'as the spectral crowd sway'od gesticulating.,'. t ' ''No, sir* i No.you don't. We've put up with you as long as we're going to. Your time's come. Good .Lord have merer I "What's that. A tall figure wrapped in a sheet launched itself out of the shadows. One arm was tightly bandaged to the side ; the other, draped with white folds, waved before the victim. This waB no masker, for the head was bare ; the flickering lights fell on a pal- lid face, and rough, dishevelled hair. . The hooded crowd shrank back, sham ghosts ap- palled before a real one. Only Wash made a plunge forward and caught the apparition's knees. , ,: k.. ' Parson, ye ain't dead. Tell 'em ye'am'fc dead. I didn't go to db it, Mr. J oye. Tell 'em I did'nt go to do it. You know I never, Parson. It went off itself when you grabbed me. Ye know it did.' .' ';, "' * "Mr. Joye, is that you?' cried a voice. 'We heard he'd kill you.' . ' Well he didn't. You lot him be.' ' :, Then still keeping his sheet-draped arm' in front of Wash, he added, sternly, ' Men what are you doing here ?' ' But the crowd had recovered and in tho revulsion from fright was more angry than before. Murmurs arose, ? growing louder and hoarser. ? -.. > ¡ 'He's just as bad. He meant to kill you. He'll do it yet. We're tired of WOBII .Ma- son. Go back, Parson, this ain't' no . busi- ness o' yourn.' . . . . .. - ' No business of mino to save your souls> from ain ! Go home yourself, and get down on your knees and pray tho Lord if perhaps the thought of your heart may be forgiven you.' ' Look-a-here, Parson, you've been thun- dering justice these many years, now ybu'vo got a chance to see it done.' ? Melancthon wheeled upon the speaker.: ' How dare you take the name of . Justice on your wicked lips, Linn Harding ? . Oh, you needn't to think I don't, know'you. You want justice, do you?' He let hi» glance sweep roundr the shrouded ring, . You want justice ! ' Where'8 it to begin? Stand out,' Tom Peters. William Entier, Btep to the front; quit hiding behind, that rag and show your face like a man if you think you're doing right. Aleck Strode, I picked you out of the gutter last week; If you'd had a pistol handy maybe you'd he swinging to some of these trees here. Go homo, the last one of you. - I know you all, and if you lay a linger on this poor wretch you'll be in the sheriff's hands to-morrow.' He had thrust : Wash behind him . and keeping his long arni extended, shaking his. Bkinny finger in the face of each man as he named him, he advanced, little', by little toward the crowd, which was now really furious. Yet it gave back step by step. An angry voice cried : ' Shut up, < ParBon. You can't preach hero. If you say much we'll string him up right now and roll you, into the pond.' , Tho parson faced the voico. Ho paused,, and drawing himself up to his thin height,, said slowly, 'Let him that is without, sin among you cast tho first atone.' '' Again he looked round upon them and with raised voice cried onco moro, 'He that is without Bin, lot him cast-;-' His voice ceased. A bright jet of blood spurted from his lips. He dropped forward,, faco down. His one protecting arm, still stretched in frout of Wash, seemed to point an accusing finger at the crowd. , No man spokp. None even tried to lift' the body until Hiram Stonobraker, pushing: through from the outer circle, bent down and raised the parson's head. Then, still silent, they bent forward, shielding their eyes from the flaring lights, peering anxiously into' the white, still face. It was calm, the stern' brow unruffled, the stern lips quiet. . 'Ho's dead,' said Stonebraker, and gently;, smoothed the rumpled sheet. With one accord every man's harid; went up to his head, where, finding no > hat, it pulled off the masking hood. The men who an instant before had - been ready to hang: Wash for shooting the parson, and( to duck the parson for trying to "save Wash';1) now stood uncovered, mute smitten with grief and contrition. . : : i , Tho. pale dawn, looking over the; eastern range and putting the torches to shame, saw a . solemn and orderly, line following tho prone body of Parson Joye as it was borne toward the house. Wash was forgotten. . His., wife creeping through the bushes cut. the cord that still bound him and bade him run. He wa» never prosecuted. But he ceased to beat his wife, Because Mr. Byers, at last relent- ing opened his heart and his house and took his daughter and her children home. The. parson had the biggest funeral that was ever seen in tho district, but the sermoa preached above his open grave was < not of justice. 