THE .DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR HEADS. "I would give a million -dollars for a stomach," said a wealthy American recently. Kow, a million dollars (£200,400) is a deal of money, but-he was not able to buy the article «ven at that price. Mr. Thomas Gaskin, of No. 3, Poplar Row, Darley Ab1>ey, near Derby, is not so rich as many, being a gardener, - but he was ready enough to give all he had for one thing he hadn't pot. Here is his story, and he shall tell it in his own way. Mr. Gaskin goes on to say :—" Up to eight years ago I had never lost an hour's work through sickness. In December, 1882, whilst living at Beeston, near Nottingham, my appetite fell away. - I had dreadful pain after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would fill with water and slime, the latter so thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with my fingers. My chest used to ' fill-up' and . my throat would swell so I •ouldn't button my shirt at the neck. ' I vomited "•» great deal, chiefly a yellowish-green phlegm. 1 had a racking cough, ahd would •ough and strain till I bled at" the nose, and the blooq rushed out of my ears. I became exhausted and short of breath and had to call the doctor, and was in bed five or six weeks. " I then went as out-patient to the Nottingham Hospital, and after attending there for six months was _ very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with me. For eighteen months I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the doctors recommended me to try a change of air. So I came to Darley Abbey, *nd my former master gave me an indoor recommendation to the Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby. I found, however, that all the beds, in the hospital were full, and I saw my Glnb doctor ana also two doctors at Derbj. The first 'one said, ' You are tn a galloping foimimpiion, and mutt die ; the other doctors, after Bounding my lungs and chest, said nothing, but thook their heal*. "Getting a trifle better my old master .allowed me to do what little. I could in his gardens and grounds ; and some days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few days. Things went on like this until December, 1888, when I caught cold, got very short of breath, and broke down completely. I was always coughing and spitting up phlegm, sometimes as much as a teacupful at once, and jvat afraid to go to sJeep for fear the phlegm would choke me. At this time the whites of my eyes turned yellow, and my eyes were bloodshit. My. lips and mouth were dry and parched, and I often broke out into a cold clammy,sweat. My tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. "I managed to get up for a few hours at a time, but was so weak I had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, and sitting or lying, -was never at ease, and got no real rest. Too weak to read I often sat for hours looking at any hands—nothing but Bkin and bone, and was so nervous I couldn't bear the least noise, 4nd the children at play quite upset me. "The doc-tor kept on attending me, but he •said, ' I can do you no good ; I can only patch j/ou tip, lircaiue pour lungs are diseased.' I then gave over toking his medicine, and tried everything I could hear of. One thing was a eonph cure from _ London that eo?t 22s. a bottle. But nothing did any good, and my friends who came to see me paid 1 Well, you wont cough much longer, you hare Merely to prepare for another world. "AJ»ut the middle of March. 1889, a neighbour, named Joseph Tatham, who works in the paper mills at Darley Abbey, said to me, ' Torn, did you ever try Moth& Scujel't Syrup.'' -and told me how he had been cured after being in the hospital. He spoke so much in praise •f this medicine I sent eny* wife to Derby and # jot a bottle at Mr. Smith's atoms in Victoriastreet. After the first dose I had an evacuation black as ink and vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine fot three days my breath- I ing got easier, my food kept down, and in a : few days more I was able to go out for a short walk. By the end of a fortnight I went to see my master, who asked what had w rought the improvement. and_ I told him, as I tell every ; •ne, that Mother Seigel's Syrup had saved my life. I commenced work at once, and have never lost a day's work since. "Of course my strength did not return all at once, but after taking Seigel's Nvnip for xi.r. mmi(l<4 I waa strong as ever in my life and have •ontinued so ever since," In giving his consent to the publication of this remarkable statement, Mr. (laskin requests us to refer all doubters to him or to Mr. Keetley, Head Gardener, Darley Abbey, who li-acquainted with all the facts alleged. Mr. Gaskin has lived at Darley Abbey 21 years aud bears an excellent reputation. j Now what was the complaint fm:n which he ' suffered? Notgallopiivjeonstimption.rertninJ.it (<M one of the doctor* thought) or he v.mhl hare ' malloptd into ilia grave in less than th ree month.*, ! instead of growing worse for seven years. Ilis | aomplaint was chronic inflammatory dyspepsia , (or chronic gastric catarrh), which has lung symptoms like consumption, for which it is so j often ignorantly mistaken and wrongly treated. When the right remedv, Mother SeiiH's j Syrup, was used the diseaao yielded, as all j diseases of the Uigctthv tract do yield to that magnificent preparation. We heartily coil- j gratulate Mr. <;a«kin on his recovery, and , commend the facts of his cafe to all thinking people, 333/1,4'jvz . 