PITH AND POINT. I Bull. I Close. I Clouds. I Suicides. I Assaults. I Outrages. I Forecasts. I Thundery. I Picnicking. I Executions. I Embezzlements. I Proceftsioiiising. I St. Patrick s Day. I Oddfellows' outing. I Several race meetings. I Any amount of botting. I Shooting caso at Kynoton.- Sampling Australian wines. I II. M.S. Penguin m tho Bay, | Metropolitan Board of Works. I Duty on bangles and brooches. I Sunday working on Stato railways. Mr Speight approves of Juuiboona I coal. I Proposed duty of circular cut about I copper. I Battle between Ministers and Railway I Commissioners. I German Club woluomo DrPiopors on I bis return from Berlin. I Convention decide intercolonial trado znd intercourse to bo free. I Increase in railway rovonuo up to tbo I 12lh inst, a fow thousands. Convention agreed on tho question of I federated defence. Good ! I Threats at mooting of Queensland I Unionists to trail fire sticks. I Strict orders out ro military canteens I during military manoiuvros, - I Annual confercnco of tha A.N.A. to bo I opened at Ararat to- morrow. I Fall of two shops in Simpson's road, I Richmond. One man killed. I Mup of Victoria officially prepared for I tho London Imperial institute. I Attempts- to wreck traius carrying I troops in Queensland. Pleasant. I Newfoundland question of tho day. Is I a lobster a fish ? Ghost of Cuvier. I Money ivanted for Now Guinea Mis- I lions. Ditto for metropolitan slums. I Mr G. S. Groig, bank manager at Koo- I rooman, surrenders for embezzlement. Mr Haytor says that Victoria is richor I than Now Soutli Wales. Good for us I Mr W. Gow is about to dredge for I oysters in Victoria water. 3600 bonus. I Entertainment at tho Molbourno Town Hall to-night in aid of Sisters of Charity. Tho Toorak Presbyterian Church will ' call " tho Rov. W, Watson, of Dunbar- ton. Severe weather continues in England. In Wales C000 sheep wore frozen in two I days. I At Brixton, near Barcaldino, Unionists I carry off tho overseers' sons to their I camp. Dcatructivo fire at Goclang. Produco I store of J, Bannister burned. Daroacos. L2GOO. - ' N.Z. "florold" opposes Sir Gcorgo I Grey's idea of elective Governors for tho I colonies. j The Koch-inoculatod patients at tho I Children's Hospital progressing satis- I factorily. j Fivo hundred shearers camped at lagoon Creek. Men being drilled. For what purpose ? Mr Rankin, P.M., rcporta shearers lu I lato Clermont riot os determined to sot law at dcfianco. Owners of Capo do Verde to "show cause" why Government should not re move tho wreck. Amalgamation of South Molbourno with Molbourno being discussed. Question of rate payment. Annual volunteer oncatnpmont post poned in Queensland. Troops wanted. Very unsatisfactoiy. Man named Thomas Winsdato confesses that he caused tho tiro at tlm lladdon Rig woolehed. Accidontal. The 41 London " Press insist upon Portugal buing called to account for tho ftoizure of a British steamer. TwoyouthsinNow South Wales saturate tho clothes of an old man with rum, and BCt.fire to thorn. Nico boys 1 Tho "Oxford crew" uaid to havo "brokon the record" on tho Putnoy to Mortlako course. lOrain. 17aec. General Tulloch docs not liko militia men in "slouchy" uniform smoking in thu Btreots. Quito right, Gcnoral. Mr Lyons, solicitor, tolls a meeting at Barcaldino that tho P.M. at Clermont is I "fossilised broken-down squatter." .Subscriptions to tho Sweedish Aus tralasian Antarctic Soiontifio Exploring Society coming in. Rovival of interest. Shearers at Evora, near Barcaldino, ro- Dorted to soy thoy will havo ft non- Unionist named Reynolds dead or olive. Tho ItalianGovcrnmont protests against tho lynching of olovon Sicilians in Now Orleans. Some acquitted : othors un tried. Butting on tho isinfatl has bocomo so prevalent a form of gambling in India that the Legislature lius dealt with it in a Bill that bocamo law at tho close of last year. At a rocont festival in Vienna 20,000 Gennau singers consumed 24,000 gallons of beer in 30 hours, "Lager and music," liko " Freedom and whiskoy," would ap pear to gotogother. An old oilicial of tho A. Shearers Union reported to havo said at Greswick that ho intends going to Queensland to M onroi" tho Chinese, Cingalese, and Kanakas working thore. Funny. "A Scotch doctor," says a medical journal, " assorts that bagpipo playing wears awav tho player's front toeth iu four years." It frequently wears away a listener's patience in fivo minutes. Tho Rov, J. Anderson, fermoriy minister of tho Presbyterian Cnuroh at Strathaibyn, died on Saturday in Adelaide, agod 70 years. Ho arrived in the colony nearly Id years ago from Greenock, and was highly respeoted, ' "Next to Liverpool," aaysJohn Burns, Glasgow is tho cesspool of poverty of the whole world. In this city of Glas- gow there is more drunkennoas, more dirt, more unchristian misery than In tho largo wen on the face of civilization called London." Hothing further dno In reference to tee charge of bribery made against Mr Frank Smith, M.E.A., for Balmain, N.B.W. The Premier Is of opinion that he can tako no action, but that tho As. Bcnibly must givo a verdict with regard to Mr Smith's position in tho Rouso, I Vionneso society has not a now craze. I Thought-reading and foco-roadlng, hood I and hand reading are all playod, and now I tbo latest la neck-reading ! Women, and I especially pretty women, whoso nock and j shoulders ore one of their good points, j Qt present voiy keen on being told tho physiognomy of tholr neck. The dudiest " of the Now York dudes iViU- ftdoptod something quite c|iio ' in the way of mourning. Several of theso bereaved youths have lately ap peared ina biaok shirt, and block collars, aud cuffs, with white studs, white cuff buttons and a white tie. A blaok pocket > handkerchief is also ' de rigueur." ' It is to bo feared that journalists are uot as well versed in the Deculogue as they ought to bo, A long and excellent article in the 44 Doily Chronicle" . wound up with an alinalon to the Eighth Com tuandinentinstead of theBeventh, while in tho "Daily Graphio," tho crime pf steuUng ovoreoats is alluded to as an infraction of tho Sixth Commandment. : At a recent shooting party in Glouces tershire, among tho guests was a distin guished old general All went well till ouo of t|ie guepto found himself constantly looking down tho generic's shooting lreny and at last, overcome by nervouiness, bo complained to bis hot of.the dangor,he wis incurring, Tho latter atniled ss ho listened to the tale "of woe, end theu aid . "You're'air right "He Is a V.C., >ud if he wounds you he'il oarry you off I toeHold." ... . 