Religious Records. <7\. Simeon and the Infant Josub. B* Bkv. John M'Nbill, iiaKjggfc'K Iiulce il. 25—32. What can we make out of thia subject in the '■ way of a quiet meditation ? Dwell a little on that phrase, " Simeon came by the Spirit into thd'temple.V,: I am not dealing with it aooord lng to atriot exegesis, bnt jnst for the purpose ::'ri iota brief, helpful meditation. Now, there is a ; ; egreat lesson here. This wes a Bpeoial man and ; t .B Bpeoifllitime'and a special occasion. Bnt it is it .-on' theab special oooaeiona that wo get an extra _cleat view of things whioh are always working ;rtis-at 'ordinary .times and on ordinary ocoaaiooa l!:i (All in bonneotlon with tho worship of God in Begent Square here; although this is not the temple away.on Uount Zion, is as'spiritnal as ,ithe temple every bit. This place is for the | i'i'iuvfiry.iame purpose. Tea, wo oau say of all onr New Testament churohes, Salems, Bathesda, . .and ohapeis, that the glory of the latter honae '-'it-greater than the glory of that farmer hoase. How great is the need that we should realise = that all oiir ongoings here are spiritnal—that carnal men and women oain make nothing ont of. them and that, unless there be in ns and . roundabout ns the Holy Spirit, we oan only \- dome' aafar as our feet will lead us,' and as far i" our eyes and ears will help ns, and aa far as -'oar natural faoulties and understandings will SO p-hdpus/but no farther. If we would see Jesus '—if "we" would have our eyes open to know where.,We are, then we must' a'&oh; one he , brqnght'by the Spirit into the Olinroh. "!'r,There !ia a lesson,for dfl, then, to be learnt 'j»W man oh (hatextraordinary oooa *' " rion, jnst on the very threshold, so; to Bpaak, of ;HOCNew Testamont worship. We mustgivo ohr .. .-.^ selves jinto Glad's hands and say, «j Open Thoh ' mine eyes that I may behold wondrous things." . That tot la always true when we come here. I.h3 Slmeontoame,by the Spirit into jthe temple; .".not by the flesh—not simply of his own pnr pose; and yet it was a thing ha had done for a long time—so long that he might have dropped down into routine and custom, and (jnBt to put ^gfitto/a, homaly way) put on. his hat and said, " I sin going ont to. thB templefor it had been his way for years. Now, let ns avoid that (-'mere custom. Oome, ofconrse, and there will ,be a onstom in ooming. but sse that there fa .slwsysthia extra something— the heart lifting \- -^ifoelf 'shove the mere onstom and the oaremony srid rontine, and laying hold of the grand, the i. A V glorious, toe .snpernatnral, the spiritual,, the Holy Ghost himself. .,,. ,q , And when, the' parents brought in the child I Jeansto do for Jeans after the onstom of the , ,tfeHU* w uu ior jeans alter rue onsioni 01 vue lawi'" then Simeon took Him np'in his arms, and blessod God." One is apt to say, " Well, vOilhutjBjmebn got a'shanoe.that I have never .ihad.". I rather put it the other Way. I should ■ c - "be inolined to tremble for myself if I were to get :theopporthnitythatSimeongot. 'The roason that he made suoh good nsa of the ppportnnity ia 'explained by the word which I have asked yon to dwell upon already—" came by the Spirit." .Ton-seeihow muoh we needthe .Spirit's.help. »fsj IWitKbutthB 8pirit. where would! Simeon have been?' Ton know that this praotice of bringing ohfldren- was ordinary to the Jews, jnst as baptisms, for example, are very ordinary with j j.. us. ..Baptisms are so ordinary, I notioe, that once a month, at the close of tho servioe, np oome the parents, and theie is a baptism. -Well, this was a thing jnst as eomm»n. . ■ -. Simeon had seen this kind of thing for, I snp " poBe, half a oentnry or more. Bnt on that . . wonderful day, when an ordinary man and an n I - ^ordinary woman came in to do with their re* pnted child acoording to the ordinary onstom, ! Simeon rose to the ooeasion. Ton always need ' that—to be filled with the Spirit to have an I ';!! open eye. This'was a common thing, and he i might have gone past it, and he might havo mightliave gone past it, and he might havo ^ missed it. The marvel is that he did not. The j " Tmarvel is that he saw and understood and lifted j \- ' -that babe and broke ont into exclamations of . . thanksgiving. I notice that when the baptism ' comes, it is bo familiar that a lot I of yen people io gripyoorhatsand 8tioks,andyon are off and sway. . " Ob, this is nothing. It is only a bairn—only a child going to be baptised." If yon had been | Simeon that is what you wonld have done. [ ! Oh, there they oomo, I will go now, I do not like these squalling children.",' Ton would • ; i have gone off. The grand thing would have . ..been over, and this mere ordinary humdrum . common bit of Old Testament ritual would ' havo had no interest for yon. Ton see how we ' always need to havo open eyes.' Ton may get j a kight of God on 8abbath, or on some par ' "tldalar oooaeion anywhere, in an nnexneeted way. Do not always look for Eim in that one y; way... If Blmeon had been like some of ns, even althongh he was wailing for the consola tion.of Israel, how wonld he ever have thought -that this was the consolation of Israel. He 'wonld havo been looking for something grand . -andstrikingand wonderful. Ibelievethatagreat many of ns miss the blessing of coming into tho . . . . temple beoanse we are not allowing the Spirit to lead ns. We want to lead the Spirit. We . want to tell bim how we are to get blessed. ''" Perhaps yon oome expecting some great bless , login the sermon; bnt the greatest revelation of Christ on a particular day in pnr templo may -11 Bot.be In that sermon. It may be in tho Mayer: it may be in a hymn; it may be in '" 'the ordinance either of baptism or of the Lord's Supper at the olose of the sermon. It may be c' In acme very almplo thing. Bat, if the Spirit has brought you, yon will not misathe bless ,ing;_ yon will not go past it. See what I ; Simeon did. How mighty most have been tho „« OAXI. l„ tl,„ >,«nrt fnr working of God'e Spirit in the man's heart, for he went and took that child in his arms and HA blessed God, and said, "Mine eyes are looking v npon'Thy salvation." Ob, that waa a great thing! That was a wondorini power of faith, Waa it not? I think that this is avery striking '' ' light—an old man in the weakness and decay .' or his natural powore, and also In an almost iripematural and snpcrhnman strength of •puitnal intelligence and power—an old man in too freshness and vigour of faith holding tte infant Saviour in his arms, end saying, ) ,• ••Mine eye* have seen Tby aalvation." Now, again do you boo how truo tbiB ia, ibat ,we'need to bo led by, the Spirit- ot Qod etil), or; we shall see nothing. It was only the working1 ol God's Spirit on that man's expectant ana believing and longing heart that brongbt him to see that this was Qod's Christ, for I toll yon —again and again and again and again I tell you—that, in this matter, we are being led in ways utterly foreign to bur own thoughts and our own notions. When I look at that Babe, and remember tbat Simeon iB right—that that Babe is God's Balvation—then I am bonndto remember that word in Isaiah, " My thoughts are not your thoughts and My ways are not yonr ways." " My thoughts are high as heayen above yonr notions." Lots of people at this time were expecting the Messiah. Thero W19 a oommon prayer at that time in the month i' of devout Jewp, " May I see the oonsolation of I Israel," and what they were all gaping for was a Great One, a great king who would " smash tho Mahdi," I wsb going to say—smash the Roman power, and set tbem free. And whilo they were all gazing and standing on tiptoe. Godlaid the littie'Babe down at their feet; and nine- tenths of them rejeotod Him. He be oame a stone of stumbling. >. Now, my friends, that is God'B way yet. I wonder whether there are not gray headed worshippers here to-night who hnvo never Been God's Christ yet. You are " out of it," to this bleBsed hour, because God'B ways are tremen dously different from your thoughts and yonr ways. There ia a great need of oomiug humbly like a blind man whenever you come in the door, and putting yonr hand intojhe Guide of all blind people, the Bpirit of God, Baying, | ...... ...... . _ Gome "Oh, bleBsed "Spirit, where art Thon? to me. ' Lead me.- Lead me, Lord, lead me, or I shall go wrong." And, if he does not lead, this will be the darkeBt place that ever we oame to. Do hattrnst to me; do not trust to • yourself; do not build yourself up upon long familiarity with letter knowledge—it may be perfeot letter knowledge. What is' it all; unless you have the guiding, qniekening, illuminating Spirit ? If you b are got Him, He will be there to lead you into living contact with the Christ of God. That is His work. He did it for Simeon. Ho will do that for us, j if we give ourselves into Hie hands. | I say, I like to look at that old inan with the babe in his arms It is a kind of parable to me. It seemB to me to say this—that when the flesh, the natural man is faint, and weak, and low, then the Spirit is strong. Here is an old man, but a man renewing his youth like the eagle spiritually for the Spirit of God is resting npon ! him and revealing to him Jesus,,God's salva tion, and Simeon's jalvation. Have we had ' that experience ever? Ob, friends, I feel, inclined to say to some of yon that you are looking too high ; you are looking in the wrong direction.- Ohrist? Christ? Christ, man? Christ ia lying at' your feat; piokhimup. Christ is near to yon, indeed so very near that that iB the danger; , not high| up. nor deep down.' "Say not in thy •-heart, Who, Bhafl ascend and who shall descend ?" " The Word I ie nigh this; even ini thy m-rath and in thy heart, that if- thon wilt believe on the Lord Jeens Christ, thon shalt be saved." You will find Him in your arms Is it possible tbat there is anybody going out of these doors to night still" in-the dark, still in the mist, etill empty, yearning, it may be, longing for a oonsolation—a consolation that your heart has never gotten yet P My friend cease yonr longing. The oonsolation has come. Will yon take it to yonr heart? Take Jesus Do what Simeon did. Take Him in your arms ; enolose Him; clasp Him ; claim Him; make Him your own. Do you see how Gad has accommo dated Christ—how God has accommodated His salvation to all of us? Oh, if He had sent Jesus in other ways, we might never have found Him ; but it tarns out that God's way, although at first it is so Btrange to na, is the best way. How sweep, how simple, how charming, whenonoe wegiveupourown notions aud come along God's own line. Oh what a wonderful Saviour! It is the sheer power of the Holy Ghost that reveals the Savionr in that.Babe, in yon lonely Man, in that onteaBO hung upon the 'cross It is the Holy Ghost that reveals in Him the Saviour, God's salvation. Have we seen Him then ? Yes, if you oan say in your heart, My salvation; God'sChri-t; God's way of peace and pardon." "No man canoall Jesus, Lord, but by the Holy Ghost." There is the evi dence. I want to exalt tba Holy Spirit to night—to fling ns more baek npon Him, to show us more of what we owe to Him, to Bhow out vividly what His great work is—to tako us by the hand and lead us to Cnrist, to know Him anywhere from tho oradio to the Cross and to the orown, anywhere that we fled Him,'hero in the Word, to know Him, to believe in Him, and to say. " Mine eyes have seen Tby sal vation " It was not those eyes. They saw God in that Babe. "Those eyes would have stumbled even Simeon'B. It was the eye ot his understanding that were opened to know what was here. May tho same power bo at work on us, and, althoagh just as thero is nothing here for the eye, and there is nothing here for the ear, there is an abundance here for the heart and the eonl. There is the preaohed Word, there is the preached Christ May the heart see Him and believe in Him. Ah, then, that is faith. Faith is my heart going ont to Christ aud taking Him into my own grasp, and saying, " There He is. I know Him. I know Him. Not altogether All eternity will be reeded for that, and will not suffice; but I have begun, my knowledge, is small, bnt it is along the right line. I know Him wham to know is life everlasting." And what Simeon said is trno—and with that I oloBe. Wo oan follow him farther than we oan see. Now, if I havo been led to Jesus, young or old, soou or late, anywhere, in a oburoh or out of it— if at last the Spirit of God has revealed to me who Jesus Christ is and what He is to me—then I am readi. Old Simeon eald, " Let me depart In peace." Literally he said, " 0 despot, may Thy slave depart io peace." The Greek word used is despotcs, whiob we have turned into our English word " despot," hut have attached to it a harsh meaning that the original does not warrant. That is, how ever, a etriking expression which he applies to God, and he calls himself God's slave. It is not our word "pervant," nor iu our word "Lord." ItiBuBlave" and "despot." "Lot Thy slave depart in peace. The day's work is dona: I am ready now." And, brethren and sisters, it is true. Before I let yon go back to ; London, let me say that I do not care what I tormoils are coming—I do not caro what changes are coming—if yon have taken Christ into the arms of a living, appropriating faith ; and, if Christ is yonrs, your b^ead is baked and buttered on both sidoB. Ton are ready for any thing. Welcome life, welcome dfath, welcome riches, welcome poverty, wthome health, wel come sickness, welcome time, welcome eternity. "Mine eyes have seen Thy salvation." Th» fulness of life has come. What more has God to give than this ? As to the world—the world never gave me Christ, and the world at its worst can never take Him away. *' I am inde pendent," says Simeon; 14I am set loose now; I am set free now. My heart is filled foil." As I put it before, ."I am ready for any thing." This just satisfies Him. Has Christ done that for yon ? Let Him do it to - night. Before yon go oat to-night, just say what Sim*on Batd, and feel whit Simeon felt. It is trne, O restless heart of mine. - Is it true. It is trno for you. If you know Jesus Christ, what is troubling yon ? What can trouble yon ? Let us onter into peace for to know Him is to enter into piace. " We which have believed do enter into rest;" do we not? Are there, not some of us who are just a little put to it ? If yon were to stand up and honestly e&y; 'what your experience has been, you would have to' say, "Well, I have not bad much." Well, but why have you not ? This is an exaggera tion. "ThiB honour have all God's saints"— to take .Christ and make an armful of Him, a heartfal of Him, a soulful of Him Fill yonr arms, full of God's salvation, God's human Divine Son; and then look round about on'all that might trouble yon, old age, penury, poverty, troubles, trial complaints. Tell mo your distress. Hand them up.; What troubles have you ? Namo them. ' We will pat them all into the scale. Come along; tumble them in. Poverty? Too • much wealth ? Very well. Too much care ? Very well. Too much ease? Put it all in. Siokness, infiaenza, your children, a son going to the bad, or a daughter threatening to g) to the bad) or poor health or bankruptcy?- Put them in —tribulation, distress, nakedness, peril, sword. And put God's salvation in the other scale, and " in alt these things we are more than con querors." We have gotten Him. When once the Spirit of God leads me to Christ and to living faith in Christ, so that I put my own arms round Him, and hold Him, and say, "Mine ! mine!" I am persuaded then that; nothing can impoverish me here; nothing. "I am per suaded that neither death nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor powers, nor thioge present, nor things to come;" (0 Fature, do what thou wilt)—"cor height, nor depth, nor any other creature shall he able to eeparato me from the love of God which is in Christ Jesns my Lord*'—from Him whom I hold and who holds me. I? is trne; Ton see, I might preach to midnight, and I could not exaggerate. I could not exaggerate Simeon's exultation of soul when he oame to Christ at his feeblest, when all the mighty work that we oom memorated at the communion last Sabbath was still to be done. He was at hit weakest, at his lowest, at his faintest. How much greater should be the confidence of us who fenow Christ all along, who have seen God in Him growing and growing and growing and expanding, and have seen how true it is that Christ is the salva tion of God, the consolation of Israel, and the light that lightens all hearts, Jew and Gentile alike. Hay God bless to ns this meditation. Amen. 