HBromimrtt THE BEAM AND THE MOTE. THE Daily Telegraph is suffering badly from that optic idiosyncrasy peculiar to people who have a beam in their own eye and yet can see a mote in the eye of another. Though it condemns horseracing with its associated evils as ungodly, and reports the wicked sport at great length, it usually contrives to preserve on week days the solemn demeanour that becomes an elder of the Kirk on the puritanical Sabbath. There are, however, exceptions to that rule. The bow cannot always remain bent: it is spoiled if not relaxed occasionally, and the same principle applies to our contemporary. Wow and again it has to seek relief from the intense moral strain it imposes on its business conscience in the interests of its treasury, if not to the benefit of its subscribers; and frequently in thoBe fits of reaction it seeks its diversion in some phase of the Irish question. On subjects of the kind it can abandon itself to a free indulgence of its tastes, and without incurring the displeasure of its party may put off the sanctimonious mood and yield to the natural bent of its inclinations. There is no bridle to the tongue or the imagination in the political ethics of the party to which the Evangelical organ belongs, and where, then, could it unbend with greater freedom from moral restraints than in an excursion into Irish politics ? It must have felt that way on Tuesday last, for it amazingly enjoyed its irresponsibility in dealing with the Cork election disturbances. In a spirit of impish delight it pointed to the unhappy incidents consequent on the split in the Iijsh party as a proof that Irishmen are unfit for self- government. We wonder if the Gordon riots, the Sheffield trade outrages, the Hyde Park labour disturbances, and many other serious popular convulsions in Great Britain, in which life and property were ruthlessly destroyed, and which had to be put down by military force, proved the unfitness of Englishmen for self-government. After such an outbreak of Lynch Law as recently occurred at New Orleans, could anyone doubt the incapacity of the Americans for self-government, or entertain the foolish idea that they made no mistake in casting off the yoke of England? In a dispute in Arkansas more recently, the league known as the Farmers' Alliance and their opponents came into collision, and firearms were used with such deadly effect that five persons were killed. Now, if the use of blackthorns in an electoral scrimmage in Cork be a proof that Irishmen are unfit for self-government, what is to be thought cf the people who resort to Lynch Law, to firearms, and dynamite bombs for the settlement of their disputes P They have shown no wish to liberate convicts in Ireland, and the miners of Tennessee have liberated 300, from which, of course, it is to be logically deduced, according to the sagacious reasoning of the Daily Telegraph, that the citizens of the United States could not, from sheer incapacity, have built up the. prosperity and power of their Great Republic. How it ever became great must therefore Remain a mystery. But let us turn to Italy—that united Italy in which every true blue evangelist glories, for an illustration of our contemporary's argument. The usurpers have murdered priests in the city of Some, have riotously expelled congregations front the Catholic churches, have injured some of thein with bombs, have acted like savages at the interment of Pope Pius IX.—in fact, have committed all kinds of out- 1 rages a&d; blasphemies, and would the Telegraph yaay that they are unfit for self-government P No, not if they poisoned Leo £IIL, expelled the Xing, ransacked the churches, and committed indescribable outrages in the monasteries. But ail this would be but a Btrcnger proof that the Italian revolutionists bate Catholicity, and that there is no stability in the character of the Latinxaces; enjd could an Evangelical organ quarrel wit!: results so favourable to its wishes and its prejudices P Do not wishes,'national prejudices; and religions enmities form the high standard of its judgment in all matters of this kind, an|i is not this the reason why, with a very big beam in its own eye, it oan so distinctly see the mote in its neighbour's ; eye P X — ; AT every opportunity STIIJII GAINING, the Liberal party in Great Britain gain ground. ' The latest instance of their success is reported in a mesBageto -t! Jjje, which is copMelse where in 6] I columns. It appears, that at the recent municipal elections in England a majority ; of their candidates were returned, and : with good reason this is 'regarded as an omen of victory for their party at the coming general Parliamentary elections. There is no better indication of political prospects than the results of thofie civic contests, and the result in the present case is, for special reasons, particularly cheering to all the friends of Mr. Gladstone. At the previous municapal elections, as may be remembered by the readers of the Advocate, the elections went largely in his favour, and brightened the hopes of his followers; but the ' split in the Irish party had not then occurred, and the good understanding between Irish Nationalists and the democracy of Great Britain had been in no way disurbed. Between them there was mutual trust and good-will, and on each side a loyal determination to work in harinony with their allies, all wrongs forgiven, all differences* forgotten. But we cannot cont&tal;" from ourselves that the relations have not been altogether so cordial since that unfortunate affair in which Mr. Parnell figured at the suit of Captain O'Shea. That business slightly cooled the ardour of the Dissenters in the cause of Home Rule, and from that body Mr. Gladstone derives his chief support. He might as well retire at once from public life as take any course that would alienate them from his leadership and drive them into the ranks of his opponents. If he would not of his own motion have suggested the retirement of Mr. Parnell, he was compelled in the interest of his party and of the Irish people to put before the Irish leader a painful alternative which provoked the bitter resentment of a minority of the Irish Parliamentary party. These events it was feared had more or less detached a considerable number of Mr. Gladstone's followers from the Home Rule plank of the Liberal platform, and it is therefore a matter for congratulation that the division in the Irish ranks, and its deplorable consequences, do not seem to have prejudiced the prospects of Liberal victory at 'the approaching general elections. WHEBE are the MONEY AND ITS French milliards WINGS. which Germany wrung from France in the hour of her defeat and tribulation? There was always a little mystery as to the uses to which the waggonloads of gold were put, or the purposes for which they were hoarded. It was said that after providing for certain expenses . inourred by the war, the balance, which formed the larger portion of the indemnity, was Btored in the State coffers for the defence of the country in any future attack that it might be called upon to resist, France has been all along regarded as . the nation which was most likely to give trouble in that respect, and for repelling and once more humbling this aggressive neighbour the balance of the French .milliards .were supposed to be kept.. But money in this, as in so many other cases, appears to have taken wings unto itself and flown. But whither pone, who knows P The young Etaperor is not exactly a niggard, though there was nothing princely in hi? largesses to the Queen's household at Osborne Palace when taking leave of the Albion Isles. He travels a great deal, and with a large suite, in a costly way; but even it his Imperial : Highness did draw upon the French indemnity fund for his expenses—which, of course, is very unlikely—these drafts could riot have wholly eaten it up. Since.. the row Bismarck had over a question of the kind with the Reiphstag,,ah increasejih the army has been made once at least—, and more than once if we pre, not much! mistaken—and it is : possible thatthfe; balance of the indemnity has thus melted away. With the people already taxed to the utmost they could' beAr;)if; would not have been prttderit ! to' inflict upon them the whole «ost of: overgrown and overgrowing armaments;.' ( [With trade and commerce already , much depressed 'further taxation might haye' brought about poimpleib^induBtfialist^' nation, or even worse things in (these ultra Socialist ditys.; There is; therefore', a reasonable presumption tha,t;the htfrd payings.of the French peasantry have been: squandered iji'JjWjeparations for a French attack onthii ©Shetland at some indefinite date sot g&ieralW; supposed tp be vety; distant And if the war fund has at; £11 been drawn upofi for war purposes in times of _peace, it does not loBk't^ iiE a penny of it now remains ;in the c j$£r. jjJujjtjipjf ,it ; is ; annoijpoed .thai Gj^mwy;.to. ^qafc « flt>an . . ijfojri^jflprtasing atticU ami. the tillerbrrtft^pfits land forces. It certainly will fee I easier to pay interest on the | sum than to wring it from a. populatibn already ground down by weight of taxation ; but does not the necessity for incurring so large an expenditure On militarism, and the means adopted for raising the money, place the position of Germany in rather an unfavourable light? If the war indemnity has vanished; and; >25,600,000 could not be got from the general revenue by the imposition of small additional taxation, the empire canno]b :be- fts well prepared for war as r was supposed. She has the legions, but the indispensable sinews of war seem to be rather'scarce with her. How much John THE UNITED STATES Bull's criticism of AND CHILI. men and things in the United States differs from his professions of friendship for the Great Republic has long been a subject of amusement to the Yankee himself, and, indeed, to all impartial observers also. In the gracious mood, and when there is anything to be gained from conciliatory speech, the British journalist is to Uncle Sam a tenderly affectionate cousin, who takes the very deepest interest in all that concerns the welfare and happiness of his near and dear kinsman. The offshoot of the old stock is reminded that there English blood in his veins, and lest he should forget it he is also told how much thicker blood is than water. That the offspring ever kicked his aged parent and contemptuously cut the leading string is treated by the Britisher as a forgotten historical fact when it is well to cultivate Jonathan's friendship ; and as for the libels heaped on Jonathau's character and institutions by the English press during a long term of years, there is no allusion to them now that the object of them has become strong, and is quite prepared to use his strength in any just quarrel that might be forced upon him. But if that little incident in Boston harbour is no longer referred to by John Bull as the act of traitors and ingrates, still his heart is far from being purged of the bitterness which formerly he was at no pains, whatever to conceal. It displays itself strong as ever on international questions, a case in point being his strong predilection in favour of Chili in the misunderstanding between that country and the United States. Mr. Blaine has demanded satisfaction for the murder of American sailors in the streets of Valparaiso. And because he has done this in a decisive tone, such as a man who means what, he says should adopt, his action is said to be ah election dodge. We cannot pronounce on the merits of the case in the absenoe of much fuller information than is- within our reach, but we have no hesitation in saying that the infamous Times is actuated by national prejudices and personal animosity in attributing Mr. Elaine's firmness to selfish considerations. In several disputes the negotiations between the governments of Washington and St. James's did not terminate to the satisfaction of the latter. Notably this has been the case on the Alabama, the .fisheries apd extradition questions; . and the soreness thus occasioned has been much aggravated by Mr. Blaine's views on coercion in Ireland, and by theM'Kinley tariff. Under these circumstances .it would be: vain to look to the Times for fair comment on any act of the United States Government that does not harmonise with English fishes and THE exposition of the THE Holy Coat at Treves is HOIT COAT now over, and the darping AT TEEVES. critics who never lose an opportunity of ridiculing Catholic practices and Catholic, teaching, have ceased their sneering. It: .is characteristic of individuals of this class ; that while they, accept as true events of secular history in: suport of which: there is! but jittle evii Sence, they laugh at . the probability pt, the genuineness of relics preserved by the Church in favour of which fchefre as r; touch more reliable testimony. 'N^ •sooner had the news goneforth.thafc the seamless garment of Our "Lord wfes to j be exposed for the Veneration of the faithful at - :thai: half{ai dozen bitter \- Jap. stated that at; AifgentejoU fpother relii was preserved which was -also claimed to be the Coat ofQurLprdv The : event was made the most -of iby.Ahe scoffers' who found in it an excellehfc opportunitj for displaying I ^their s .Sgaoranbe : rid; only. J Of (Soripl ture history. The above has b'eeii 4hi mistfutejtfemf'. most frequently bronghl believers in endeavouring to heap ridicule on the ceremonies at Treves. The fact pure and simple is that Treves is the only place on earth which claims to possess the seamless garment of Our Lord. A. Holy Robe is preserved at Argenteuil but it has been proved, by a thorough examination, of all the documentary evidence concerning the history ,of' the relic, that it is the cappa pueri Domini Jem, whilst the Holy Coat of Treves ig the tunica inconsutilis for which the soldiers cast lots at the Crucifixion. As to the statements that several other places exhibit, or pretend to exhibit, the Seamless Coat of Christ these are pure inventions, and that the scoffers descended to such fabrications with the object of discrediting the Catholic Church and ridiculing the piety of its members serves more than anything else to show how destitute the libellers are of facts that would excuse their levity and profanity. THE truth is out at last as THE to the origin of all the TBUTH OUT. reports unfavourable to Mr. Patrick Egan, the official representative of the United States at Chili, which have appeared in the English Press. It is now asserted that they arose from the ill-will of the British officials at Valparaiso to that gentleman, and that these agents of a Coercionist Government, whose vigilance Mr. Egan eluded, excited the suspicions of the Congressional party against him. Baffled in their design to seize him in Dnblin with all the books and papers of the Land League, the English Government, through their agents, have pursued him with their hatred even to distant Chili. Vindictive to the last degree, they could not forgive him for having objected to become a victim to their malevolence ; and the high office bestowed on him by the United States Government was so much like a slap in the face for themselves that the honour so conferred on their enemy inflamed their anger to a still higher pitch. There is, however, not the smallest danger that President Harrison or Mr. Blaine will be influenced by the inveterate hostility of the English Government to Mr. Patrick Egan. The enmity with which he has been thus pursued will be rather a service to him in the consideration that must be given to his case as an official with whom -the Chilian Government. is unwilling to maintain cordial relations. Mr; Egan will not be sacrificed to appease the wrath of a British political party, but nevertheless it may possibly become expedient to recall him'with the intention of transferring him to another posteaually lucrative and honourable^ , Mr. Blaine and his Ministerial colleagues would, we are sure, be very unwilling to lose the services of a gentleman so highly distinguished as Mr. Egan is for his large business capacity, his probity, and natural shrewdness of character. THEBE is no onemore wel- EAI8ING A .come on Irish soil than GHOST. the expatriated Irishman who visits the land of his birth; there is no one more honoured by Irishmen than the compatriot who has suffered in the national cause, and hence it is that so many of our countrymen who have had <; to fly for political offences to the United States sre received with such a glad , welcome when they once again set' foot. 'on their native soil. They inay Juivjb; been faih enthusiasts Who did /not advance flie cause they so ardenUy desired to serve; they may have brought trouble on themselves through , a.. reckless daring altogether untempered by prudence; in their social intercourse with their fellow- men .they, i may > riot ; bear the ' most estimable character, ,bht these blemishes are .all overlooked. in the desire of their coiihtrymten . to honour them for th?ir patriotism, 1 and' to. reward them for th'pir sacrifices'as far as it imay be, 'Thf practice is to he -warjcoly* commanded, for it is at once an, eyidence .of gratitude and a proof jthi&t;, tliei spirit wf nationality survives in unabated strength Nevertheless, among returned Irishman thereate a fewto whom age, exile, Orfeven dong imprisonment ! has'iiot brought^ wisdom,orevencoinmon'ptdderice.andamong these we have tb ! reluctantly' clasp M) - . John O'Leary'; riot/ hoWev;eii Jjepufe he iayowed himself aVKmellitV/if 18 so aauch might have .beeri^xpectoilifrppi the/very, plain' hints Mr. Parnell ttiwW out in f avour of physical iorce if moril suasion declined in its influence, and also from the undisguised efforts the deceased gentleman made to . win the supportj>f thei extremists. 5 The^^rWNife -Mr. y BSM^&tt;'WjidtfHBf hisKMfettbtfis$o an attempt 1 at ?v ilibst ^kisink m abactor in Inlh politior the Yoflffg Ireland party Las teen dead over forty years, though (he spirit of the party, mellowed by age and modified by experience, exists to-day in its surviving members. It " rose in dark and evil days" as a brave band of armed men did in earlier times and under circumstances to which there is no parallel in oar day. The Young Ireland party were born of the occasion and moulded to suit its exigencies. The literary verdict of the nation approved of it, and it had the support and active [assistance of some of the very ablest priests of the Irish Church. There were ecclesiastics in its ranks who were prepared to play the part of the Wexford Soggarth in '98, and to do so with a fearless heart and an easy conscience. Notwithstanding its early, sudden, and complete defeat and disruption, it did a great service to Irishmen and the Irish cause, the good effect of which on the spirit of the people, and on the sentiments of others, has ever since been advantageously experienced, though it has been seldom acknowledged. Heretofore there has been no resuscitation of the Young Ireland party, or attempt to resuscitate it. The times and circumstances in which a party with all its avowed aims could legitimately exist passed away with itself. The meteor, unlike a returning comet, flashed and disappeared never to be seen again. And hence it is that we regard Mr. John O'Leary's proposal to re-establish the Young Ireland party as a vain and mischievous attempt at ghost raising. There is no occasion, room, or opportunity for such a revival. The agitation in which the Irish people are united, though divided on a secondary question, has been a success, not a failure, and it gives a fair promise of ultimate triumph. Using mild language, we shall only say that at the least it is most unwise to do anything calculated to weaken the faith of the Irish people in their present purpose, and Mr. O'Leary's scheme, if successful, would draw off a section of them from the existing national organisation. It would produce other results still more to foe regretted, but with these we cannot deal just now, and perhaps it is unnecessary, as they will readily suggest themselves to both priests and people. 