THE FIBRT DEATH. (rofux zs rmoonC.) La F•ulade as a little village of four o vo hendred ? haelatsn between Amms bsl?laoi. ,4inS utam, ,ga mfi opt-m f- ? el si e a d ,m" ea14 eb I oyZse af,, t? . yspi.aof.?_ was moln hbbad:ol ltest oae,-fora y r t"ir O lib? ?eitl e y l .: .;'i nolw d t n l s o me r reeptin e dwode .re•pneotnoits? ,?b. m"." . "" /' I SNaturally enough,; everyone geanpped and I eted with lah neighbeor on the ubfest of the I h lect" whowoul point out the road to his compatriots, but the hubbub inoreased te p etnriotu whnen simultaneously withthe con cln?uon of the ceremonies that made of the nanet field a" Gottsaker," handbllsappeared? one llthe walls; including the Moire's to the following effect: SWhereas, being sound of mlnd and sound of body, I hereby declare that inordertosoothe and sweeten the last moments of him o of her who will be the first to inaugurate the .new oemstr ,I have placed in the hands of the o La Farlede the um o t te hou?sd i francs, t he delivered to'the family of the first Inhabitant who depats for another oad perhaps a'better world, on and afer this the day of I opening, November 1, 18--," 's In witness whereof, signed and sealed by myself, ..' JErxA Brrayre th xr In other words, the proprietor of the chateau already described, formerly. B ohemian of the t artellers of the. Bouleard Cllnchy, and en. t riched bythedeceaseofan aut who, at the b fialm moment, had osonted to accord im her forgivenes for the profession he had choien, and'to leave him the inheritor of a goodly estate. ' In'the da.us of his youth an in'co?riible joker, he still at tines, as in the matter of his hand= bill,' indulged in the same propedity.' The statement of the placard was true, however, and I Inthe twinkling of an eye the news was all over the vllla Groups of people conl?egoted before te thills to readn for ethemselvdes; while.others, more incredulous, ran tone th Maire toask for confirmnation olrth same. ' The fact is exactly as given," he responed,, promptly: "there is no mistake abotit it. The money is in my hand,, and will so remain," etc., etc, The announcementthusoflciallyvouchedfor, everyone joyously returned to his home to be at onoethe calculation of his chances-to take stoek, as it were, of thsew belonging to him, and to estimato, their averae 'longevty. I It goea wthutsaying that those .of the itha bitaunts frtnate enough to have ic or very t aged relstieis were filled with tiumph, though, of course they triumphed secreutly and In silence, wailst the others-those whose families were soundand healthy-were forced to com fort thermslves withtho forlorn hope of an accI. dent, an'. unexpected seizure, or insidious draughts of air. S"Such-and-such one's taking-off," they: recalled, "hadheen extremelysudden; So-and se's trifling illness fatal; unlooked-for deaths3 were always ocursing," and those thousand taute?lio pstoled u d?n?eda arahsad in their dreams even when theyfell asleep. As foi the hiat, poor man, life had become'. a burden to him because of the hourly deputa tbon' and avalanche of queries to which he was I forced to listen. - "oMust theybe of the village " they besought him anxiously, "or was it sufficient to be a memberof the parieh P. Did children count, or relatives by marriage, or those whom death might take by violence P" --queries that plainly betrayea the villagers', anguish of mind and hugely aiaueed the donator. It is notevery day, as you know, that people, give up the ghost in villages, and a whole week passed by after the opening of the cemetery without an event cf the kind occurring. Still the brios of the people continued to be over excited, and every one, from baker to butcher, from ounte to husbandman, laid oft work from time to time to measure with his eye, or calcu- I late mentally, the additional goods or farming groundpurchaseable with the money-only the cafis were busier than ever. By the end of the week the story of the hand bills had become an old one, but by no means a leos ab?orbing one, though the villagers noc longer lowered their eyes or voices when di. t cuseing the matter, and openly footed up the chances. The family of a certain La Poireaux by common consent had settled it that they were to be the fortunate inhpritors, for had they not among them, this family La Poireaux, an old wreck from Trafalgar, living by force of babst alone-a wheezy, yellow, dried.up old mummy whom twice a day they carried to the I door to bask in the sunshine, and whose demise had long been expected. " But sometimes these aged ones live torl ever," objected a mslicious listener, "and this one shows no more signs of dying than he has done for six months past." "All the same," added another, "it is the family a Poireaux whom the Moire has hiseye upon. Nevertholess, despite the anguish of desire that had seized upon all in the race for this t money, La Farlede posessed no assassin. It was true that the ailing and very aged had r become a centre of interest to every one in the family, for they would be able, if accommo. dating, to leave behind them a snug little sum, yet no one dreamed of accelerating their departure. In the households of the less:happily placed the sinterest was equally absorhing-a harsh cough, a laboured breathintg bringing the ear upionthe alert in an instant' Couags and I tficultbreteathings wre harbingare of inAna- 1 mation of the lungs, and 'inflammatioh of the lunge, as every one knew, took its victim I quickly. If another one had a red facs oran indigestdon they awaited apoplexy, and a child who had been an invalid from birth, and began to recover from the moment of the prolama tion,.wes out off with a shilling in the will of an indignant aunt, whomse heir it had previously been. .. The enlr village at the expiration of this same week was pale and emaciated. Even those who had scoffed 'the loudest at this waiting for dead men's shoes no longer slept I tranquilly; drunkards dranktwes as much as they had drunk before: the avaricious cursed in secret: while the sick, on the contrary, the only ones who objected to this fashion of ring ing the bell, seemed to vie with each other in the haste of their recovery. On the morning of the. 1Oth of N'ovember, however, a bell, or rather a knell did ringout, instead of the morning Angelug and the people, falling over each other in the darkness, and railing at fate, precipitated themselves towards the church to learn who had won. Ala, urrived there, breathless and panting, it was only to tud that the beadle (as usual), full as a thrush, more dzed than ever from brood ing upon the promises of the placard, and thinking of nothing but death, hai rung with out reason. Truly it was time this business shoull end, or they would all be as mad as the beadle. Abh, well, there lived at this time in La Farlols a poor and unfortunate peasant, marrild, the father of two little helpless babies, and with whom nothing had ever succeeded. Though scarcely past -his fortieth year, he had ruu through every country of the world .to dreamy, asid inoffcnives, but be was unable to gain a living for himasif or family in a codutry where the strrngle with the earth was' hard and endles; IlIt slender' frame tooak bdly to the Ibeur of the fields, and 'he possesed ano in h, ehfl~biren, ad he, torttued and eowrd by :ames of wuslk. dad failure, wrlthed in Mosnt. " . . The ptlaiaz of the painter Bitumii had "aqde pon him, a u pon the rest of them, a deep .p.reseo,,. Namore t}iim'lhat, it had vee h a idea.Wht it he should betheone" to ates te'thouuaod francs to his wretched familyf It worild lift them above want for evet; they would be able with, the money to purchase at Abbeville, perhaps, a haberdasbhery \--per.. am orepretentiouseshop; Hi wife Wr las t, induetrious--sw would surely prospe at th abuain e e saw them aread , these deprived one, securs of the necessitie he had been unable to give them, the boy later on oed in a ank, the girl married to a 1-hatevnln ;he~in esosd themn and held Gaw ibr t than usual, mar. pau "r-lr q i tstd : ._ thad upon their, a rI t l mis do~i tt Is~jy duty:"' ,Zlide qibe om ohtm wth he ea habiltiatfon , ll his disatros n euterIprses, the, atonement for the sorrow that he brought upo' his dsiSly. ntwk, oh, theagonyo partn thawsi he'aion ls4ve ,whosse u s n ýo. c a t. lastou ot r oatwto k fy a ? hlthroegh the - hrad 1;ssb ,"'lt t from?.bMi mmd thb - ?rwdWa cuilqi yt, loa 4 forewstoue t the te he o isdd tperherd. 'hoenathe valley ill of eh?dbe;iend the iUttle village that hel hdsitatand ofPerha ,tA sthofer.tat that1rd th?ef d:oae, ou d ot d nobet paito h". SThe r~ete morige awen e y n tuhe cearetb 'trase him. boy- ood-rtte taseng taoua g a fres ha' i It, aneadrW the ae sath crowd the rsed Itand tredw stoes atup th cos,dee oftid hsporhedd not eoen soughtor thss at and t ottlec oei i 'te' uit o m ning, in when todhemfound ohi theto h wodehotter u ario e parongh the The jaintrresonde d bye addngtmen thou-i fhard e ?re to the fit re n thousane ne thed rhollof the poot r eer o the women colht to lspiw i m ht fa ul t rhlee townld hm elda idsely waited upon M.-itumyneox to demand of him thayt. the :mone hold not be paid to the family of such atrickstr. The painter reponded by adding ten thou baede him p to thfrlast ?couand, and Thgn hememlory fer the suicid e i still cured th outh whole of Piard and up iln. a, It'wasmy fault," heb told himself, deeply inovrd thetrakdy-"my aul, and bt fo tomboeadathone and tiohe gendaut the byit hadeen n utary to- c?ponbenfr the drk eof the rtyr cod belaid theinteument): o loed it to its f st rest pe, an that me day I the old wreck from ,Trafa~lgar" and two beside him passed to thir Last account `Theememo'ry of the suicide is still cursed thmuouotou Qhs whole of Picard ; and upon his tomb one reads te Inicriptloo cut.there by a cunningr bnt 'arileglooa 6hnB during ~the dark bees of the night after the interment : TAs ditch of the thief 