Echoes of % Week. BY GEORGE AUGUSTUS SALL [»TT. qxjEESSLAXD EIGHTS EEEEBTED.] No. XI. T^vrtfiV Snnfi>ml*»r 24. Has ex-President Balmaceda really shot j bimself at Santiago, as ire learn from ques- | taonably trustworthy New York cablegrams, 1 or is his alleged suicide as fictitious a one as that of the inconsequent husband who wrote to his wife that "he had cut his throat and would be back in a fortnight? Or, it may be, the heart of the would-be self-slaughterer j fan™* him at the last moment," as aid that ■. of the bankrupt in whose empty bedroom there I was found a written paper running thus: 1 ""What Cato did and Addison approved—I'm j Wowed if I do, I shall bolt." "Which ho had I accordingly done. I One really does not know what to believe in these lying" telegram days. There is an old Spanish burlesque ballad, conjuring up such contingencies as Mahomet, Fierabras and the Cid getting fuddled together, while Pasquin of Borne careered through the air, holding the tail of a flying torn cat, and taking np Pontius Pilate by the way; the burden of" each stanza of this" budget of absurdities being " Que kanbre no *e moracilla Oh, what a sirrprise. But nothing would be astonishing about Don Jose Balmaceda—by the way of New- York. The other day he had escaped in the disguise of a drunken American sailor, and had. taken re fnge on board Admiral Brown's flagship. To morrow he may turn up as a nigger minstrel at Baltimore, a Pullman car conductor at Bnifalo, or a pork-packer at Chicago. According to the laws of Spanish punctuation fiie refrain from the old ballad which I' quoted j just now should have a note of interrogation at the beginning as well as the end of the "sen tence ; only the first " ? " should be reversed. "When we come seriously to reform our * * stops" as well as our spelling, we might advan tageously adopt the Spanish double query. * It would be wonderfully useful in assuring the Intonation of young people who are being frmrnrv? in the art of reading aloud. More than a hundred years ago Dr. Franklin strove earnestly to introduce the Castilian dual query into Anglo- Saxondom, but his efforts in this direction seem to have been fruitless. I Could Nelson Epeak French ? Not a word I fiiould say; although Lady Hamilton, at Naples, may have taught him a little Italian. Yet, it seems to be considered by my Lords of the Admiralty" that it is time seriously to encourage the study of the Gallic tongue among | naval officers, and candidates for cadetships, I because, forsooth, during the recent stay of the J French squadron at Portsmouth, it was found j that most of the French officers were fluent | FtictKbTi scholars; whereas the English officers J were,- as a rule, unacquainted with the French, oven of Stxatford-atte-Bowe. There is reason in the roasting of eggs; and j there is a deflnite-historic reason for so many I French cfieiat de marine talking capital j Fng-Kgh. Yery many of these gallant gentle men are Bretons by birth, and Legitimists in politics. They are proud of their Aemorican descent.^ The other day, in the list of the Mayor of Portsmouth's French naval guests there were no less than five distinctly Cornish mames—regular "Tres," "Pols," and "Pens." Again, in numerous instances, the grandsire? I and granddams of the Breton naval officers had | been emigres in England during the first Be rolution; and their descendants continue, in affectionate sympathy, to study the language I which their forefathers learned perforce during fheir weary years of exile. Two little culinary controversies—not tern- : pests in teacups, but rather storms in stewpans —are raging just now. The St. Jama's Gazette is much exercised in its correspondential mind about the orthodox recipe for the making of that peculiarly barbarous and to many ex tremely nauseous dish, bouillabaise; while in file Times a lively dispute is in progress be tween one Mr. "Waller and a certain elderly "party" with whom I have been personally acquainted for a good many years touching the authorship of the historic cookery book known sa Mrs. Glasse's. As regards bouillabaise I hold that it is not one whit a more succulent plat than the Ameri can " clam-chowder," of which it is a con gener ; although it must be admitted in favour of the New England dainty that it does not xeek of oil and garlic as the Provencal one does. Any fish will make bouillabaise, or, for the matter of that, chowder likewise, if the stew be conducted on sensible principles. There is a Chowder Club, with whose members I have been been privileged to feast—under the tiom de guars ofi "grampus"—on an island in the harbour of Sydney; and the New South "Wales piscine "boildoum" i3 as good as any mess of the kind that was ever cooked at the "re serve " at Marseilles or on the shores of Mas sachusetts Bay. Still, always bear this in mind, bouillabaise and chowder, in their origin, are both smugglers' dishes, buccaneers' dishes, pirates' dishes, and are altogether excrescent to civilised cookery. As regards Mrs. Hannah Glasse's cookery book I must leave Mr. "Waller and the elderly "party" to fight it out in the Times. In a •week or so, probably, the subject will be ad ditionally ventilated in "Notes and Queries." I have only incidentally alluded to it here, he cause some time since, exasperated by some spiteful remark from some " new journalist" to the effect that I could only write about cooks and cookery, I gave my readers a half pledge that for the future I -would say as Httlo as was , in the 44"" * possible about gastronomy in the " Echoes." X withdraw that half-pledge now. "Why ? Because I hare been reading the 44 Life and. Correspondence of David Hume," by the late John Hill Burton: and I find the illustrious philosopher and historian, in 1769, intoeantumn of his years and the fulness of his fame, writing thus from Edinburgh, to Sir Gilbert Elliot, "I live here, and must for a twelvemonth, in my old house in James's Court. It is vory cheer ful and elegant, but too small to display my great talent for cookery—the scionce to' which I intend to addict the remaining year's of my life. I have* just now, lying on the table before me, a recipe for making soupe a la rein*' — it should be potnge, David—44 copied with my own hand, and for beef and cabbage." Ho proceeds to speak of a sheep's head broth of his concoction which "Mr. Keith spoke..of for eight days after." Sursum wda / I will not ; cease to "addict" myself to gastronomies! folk' lore during the brief remainder of my span, even as David Hume did. There is happilyva surcease in the grim dis cussion about the expediency of hanging | murderers; only one still small voice has ; been uplifted in the lk-ess to ask. which expression is . correct—" hanged . or. - hung.'- The dictum of a learned judge is quoted to tlie purport :that »•" beef' is hung, but criminals are hanged." But then, Thomas Hood, in his ode on Clapham Academy, writes that." Blithe Carew is hung." Just before.Ileffc'London I looked pretty, carefully tlirough Blackstono. In the pages of the great author of tho " Com " folrtiio orft "ViflTiWwl " Tlftfc TlTTnfT." mentaries" felons are 44 hanged", not "hung." Nobody is 44 hung " in tho Scriptures; • but I Pharoali's chief baker,' and the King of Ai, : and Haman, and many other evil-doers are j "hanged." In Shakespeare, swords, trophies, signs of battle and victories, aro 44 hung"; but Lear's poor Pool is hanged, and so is Bar dolph, for stealing a pix. It strikes me that the judges sentence mur derers to be 44haDged by toe neck ." because tho. phrase has a more Biblical and solemn sound than 44 hung." This may be a gram matical reason too, but English grammar is not one of my acquirements. . It is at the same time worthy of remark th3t-the ;4<Newgate , Calendar " very rarely speaVs of a criminal as | having been "hanged." The wretch is usually | 44launched into eternity." It was nice and pious of the 2,000 French ; pilgrims who, were received by the Pope in the j Vatican to present his Holiness with a reli- 1 quary 4.4 which .contained the head of St. Pe troniila." "The reliquary" is said to bo a very beautiful one 44 in the Gothic style"—a j highly inappropriate one under the circum- ! stances, seeing that the saint flourished in ; Paean Borne, in tho first century of our era * and the beginning of Gothic architecture was not earlier than toe ninth century. Butlehould like to know when and why St. Petronilla came to be the patron saint of Prance, and how it was that her head travelled across toe Alps and ; back again ? The pretty saint should properly share with Sr. Catherine toe patronage of spinsters; for it was her inflexible determina tion to remain in a state of single blessedness j that led to her martyrdom. There is another legend concerning St. Petro nilla, Perine, Pernelle, or Perronclle, which has j been commemorated by a mosaic in toe Vatican j after a picture by Guercino now, I think, in toe ! Capitoline Museum. According to toe painter | or his clerical prompters St. Petronilla was a Vestal Virgin, who had let toe Sacred Eire out because she declined to believe in its sanctity, and who was buried alive in expiation of her malfeasance. Guercina's picture representstoe exhumation and apotheosis of the saint in the presence of her fiance, the young, handsome, and wealthy patrician, Flaccus, who, by toe way, toe artist has dressed in toe costume of a masher of toe 16th century. Among the peasantry of toeCampagna there still lingers the belief that St. Petronilla was a daughter of St. Peter. It is edifying to learn from the Sevieto cf lUvinDi that Mr. Stead has never seen a ghost; but that ghosts are proved 4' by toe unbroken testimony of mankindand that it is time to take a census of the world's ghosts. I hope that toe list will comprise toe 44 Ghost of a I Flea," which toe crazy painter, "William Blake, declared that he had seen, and of which | he executed a beautifully- tinted drawing*. Once in my life bave I seen a ghost; but I have long 6ince been convinced that the appari tion was an optical delusion, susceptible, ou strictly technical grounds, of satisfactory ex planation. Possibly toe neatest saying about ] ghosts was that of Madame de Stael, 441 don't' believe in them," the authoress of "Corinno" was wont to remark, 44 maisj'e lee erains, I am | afraid of them!" Dear, good Mr. "Walter Besant has extended toe hospitality of toe rooms of toe Society of Authors to a meeting of ladies who wish to establish a Women's Press Club. On the whole, a place for meeting, reading, writing, and refreshments for lady journalists is a far more practicable idea than that of a male authors' club. Most men of letters belong to tho clubs most in harmony with their political prin ciples or their social predilections, but in a club of which authors alone were members, they would bicker with, bark at, and pcrhapB bite one another. Women, on the other hand, are loving, sympathising, single-minded, tolerant, self-sacrificing souls, incapable of hatred, envy, malice, and uncliaritableness. A club for lady journalists, comfortable, cosy, with a good luncheon cuisine and an ample library of refer ence might prove a distinct boon to a class of ladies who, 1 rejoice to know, are growing more numerous and more capablo every day. The St. James s Gazelle writing on toe 44 Bod and toe Child" question remarks that little, boys and girls of {esthetic training might per haps bring themselves within toe reach of the capital punishment of the domestic circle if they knew that they wore to ho chastised with roda tied up with blue ribbons. But tho Smly . Grtphic,- commenting on this •liumorons .de UveranM,' doubts whether tlie tin rie inseparable from carpel contemplation would bo less, even if aocompanisd by mo knowledge that it was inflicted with a blue-ribboned birch. In this oonnection let me giro thc St.Jame»_ GtutU and tho Baity Graphu a. little item of •West Indian history. "When tho French Ee- | voln'ionisti subjugated the insurgent negroes iu St. Domingo thoy abolished the use of tho cowhide whip as being a brutal, barbarous, and anti-revolutionary instrument of punishment. But when the Havtian blacks refused to work, their French guides, philosophers, and fnonds took to scourging them unmercifully witn tamarind rods which, further to inculcate the maxim of "liberty, equality, and fra ternity," were dyed in the tricolour. The tamarind, rods cut the poor Quaaliie? backs to pieces; thevfailed to see where tho fun came in of being flagellated with bundles of switches dyed, red, white, hhd.b.ue; and they pas sionately petitioned for the restoration of tho COWhldo. - .i*:' •'."lteiew.it, Ithought it,'Twas. convinced of and were X a betting man I would have luia. my lowermost - dollar' upon it! Of course General .Booth has had a triumphant reception in Australia.. Ho lias been " processionised' through1 the principal streets of Melbourne; and on one day he held three special services in the Exhibition-Building which (the services) were attended by. some1 20,000 persons,; many thousands more beihg nnablo to gain admission. The collection, however—of course there was a collection—point d'wgent point de Booth, seems for so immense a congregation, to have been a . slightly shabby one. The general only V raked I in " £270. . Never mind. There is-a good time coming.. The thousand pound cheques I will bo tumbling in, anon, and Australia will become another Boothia Felix. \- 'I met a gentleman once, in Victoria, who was in the squatting line, and was, said to bu worth four millions sterling. - I was told that | by rail and by steamer he always. travelled second-class, and that he subsisted chiefly , on cheap fish, Abernethy biscuits,: and polonies. But he is very, charitable, and if the general couldonly get hold of the quadramiHionaire, Mr. T——, and induce him to "plank down " a check for £500,000, "Darkest England'* woiild very soon,become as light as old. Vaux hall Gardens under the influence of t4 50,000 additional temps." Meanwhile the general has been welcomed by ; his Excellency Iiord Hopetoun, the Governor ; of Victoria; he has doubtless been elected an ! honorary member of tho , Mel bourne and . the Yorick Clubs; and when he goes to' Sydney he is to hold a meeting at which Sir Henry Partes is to take tho chair. I do believe that if the Grand IiOma of Thibet, attended, of course, by | Mrs. Besant and Colonel Olcott, the Mahdi, the JEmperor Prester, or the great sea serpent were ! to visit Sydney, the grand old man of New: South Wales would take the chair at a mass meeting convened to welcome the distinguished stranger. -- And still Lord Randolph Churchill is not happy. He is progressing splendidly on his "trek" in South Africa. His carefully selected staff of officers are all sons of .Anak, ; ranging in stature between six feet three * and j six feet six, and he has been entertained at a i camp fire .concert, at which a song was snug, somewhat unhandsomely disparaging Sir Charles "Warren's achievements in Bechuana land. . What more could an aristocratic globe- ; trotter want? " Gone to Batavia by de Great : Barrier Reef route," a friendly Dutch shipping agent once said to me at Brisbane in Queens land. - "Dey is lofely sdeamers."* Zoch Schnapps. Zoch * a pand on board. It is gin and musig de whole vay." Gin and music always on tap !" But brilliant as was that pro gramme, it must yield to the- attractiveness of giant's camp fire concerts, and jeers at Sir Charles Warren in South Africa. ' I/)rd Randolph complains bitterly that the West Exid Ixmdon tradesmen to whom he paid very high prices for divers articles in his outfit have not used him well. Tcntpoles were too long; packing cases were weak and flimsy; stuffings for saddles and tattles of embrocation have never been sent; and an., expensive canteen on being opened, was found to bb de fective in many items'. The noble pilgrim would perhaps have done better had he confided the supply of his entir e outfit to a single firm. "When in" i doubt tiy silver." I remember, many years ago, travelling by G.W.R. from Paddington to. Slough and being the involuntary auditor of the conversation of two tall young gentlemen of military mien, one of whom was about to start on a voyage to tho North Capo and even further. He seemed to have obtained "nearly all his impedimenta from histailor; or as he puts it his "talah." Can teens, knapsacks, lamps, stoves, fur coats, sealskin'.mittens, cutlery, a portable balloon, with some antunonial ointment to prevent the valves freezing; these and a hundred other needments had been supplied by the obliging Sartor, of Sa'vilet Row. " Got your thermo meters ?" the friend of the intending traveller duo North'incidentally asked. ' "No," replied the candidate for Arctic honours. "Con founded West End * talahs' don't sell thermo meters." But his own " talah " seems to have sold him almost everything else. The most useful public servants, the put librarians, seem to think that the time is fa ripe for the establishment of a society for ' prevention of cruelty to books. Of sucl society I would willingly become a meml •Books are such quiet, constant, faithful, gen ous friends, that I hold it to be almost shameful to .maltreat them as it is to ab children or dumb animals, and it is difficult believe that Mr. Carlylc could have been qt iu his right mind when ho scribbled " Cock doodle-do," with n. wholo forest of notes of exclamation following, at tho footsof a version of /1 Rule Britannia " in a hook .which ho h§d borrowed from tho London Library. Perhaps the ill-conditioned philosopher might hare held his Vandal hand had he . chosen to remember that the words of "Rulo Britannia" were written by a Scotchman. Perhaps the most diabolical instance tbat X can reoolleot of wanton cruelty to books was in tbo caso of a copy of the first edition ' of Dickens** "MasterHumphrey's Clock," which I bought—for a song, so to sav—at tho selling oft of a circulating library in the "Western road, Brighton. Some fiend, or some idiot, had gono right through " The Old Ouriositj Shop " and "Barnaby Budge " and disfigured every face, male and female, in tho beautiful illnstratioha drawn by Hablot Brown and Georgo Catter molo with a largo pair of moustaches 1 