Sydney Flying Squadron Yacht Club. The third race of this club took place on Saturday afternoon, for prizes amounting to £30, when the winner turned up in the Regina, with Cynthia second, And Victor third. The usual triangular course was sailed, starting from Clark Island, round a flag mark off Chowder Point, round Shark Island aud back to Clark Island. There were 16 boats entered and all but two started. The steamers Admiral and Lobelia conveved visitors to the island, ana tne Agenoria toiiowea me races witn tne umpire on board. Messrs. Fitzhenry and Carmichael were again at their posts as starter and timekeeper respec tively. The following are the details of the heats : — First heat. — The entries were Booralee, 24ft. R. Banks, If minute ; Kananook, 26ft., Mark Foy, If minute ; Gazelle, 21ft., G. Newton, 1| minute ; Lilian, 22ft., T. Leach, 1| minute ; Violet, 22ft., W. Read, 1\ minute ; Regina, 24ft., George Parrett, J minute ; Massilia, 24ft., C. P. M'Conville. scratch ; Volunteer, 24ft., J'. Robinson, scratch The boats got away in order of Booralee, Violet' Gazelle, Kananook, Lilian, Regina, and Volunteer. Massilia did not start. All set ballooners for the lead to the first mark, Regina and Volunteer overhauling all but Booralee — the order rounding being Booralee, Regina, Violet, Lilian, Kananook, Gazelle. Then came a beat to Shark Island, in which the boats were continually changing positions. The Island was rounded in order of Regina, Volunteer, Booralee, Lilian, Gazelle, Violet. Kananook retired. With the exception of Lilian passing Booralee, the order was the same at the finish. . Second heat consisted of Pomona, 20ft., J. Firth, 3 minutes ; Grace Darling, 20ft., J. Gannon, 2f minutes ; Ghost, 24ft., Arthur Thomas, 2J minutes ; Cynthia, 20ft., G. Holmes, jun., 2 minutes ; Victor, 20ft., G. Fletcher, 2 minutes ; Bettina, 20ft., R. Clark, 1J minute ; Wild Wave, 22ft., F, Yarrow, If minute ; Latona, 22ft., Chris. Webb, 1} minute. Bettina was too late to start, but the others gat away all right, and when they were fairly going the order was, Grace Darling, Pomona, Victor, Cynthia, Latona, Ghost, and Wild Wave, and in this crder they rounded the first mark. The beat to Shark Island was very interesting, as most of the boats were 20 -footers. The Island was rounded in order of Cynthia, Victor, Grace Darling, Latona, Pomona, Ghost, Wild Wave. ' Ballooners were set for the inn back, Latona's balloon halyards carrying away just after rounding, which threw her out of a chance for second place. The same order was maintained till finishing. Final heat : Owing to one of the officials stating that the Regina was disqualified for not carrying colours on both sides of her sails, and informing the skipper of Lilian, the third boat in the first heat (which by-the-bye had only colours on one side of her jib), tllat he was to start, some little bother arose over the final heat. The umpire decided ' that the four boats to start in the final were Volunteer, Regina, Cynthia, and Victor. The two last named got away very badly, followed by Regina, which was blanketed by Lilian, whose skipper claimed his right to start ; then came Volunteer, with a jib topsail in addition to ballooner. On the lead to the first mark 'Regina improved her position ; the two 20-footers rounded first, close together ; then came Regina and Volunteer. The wind had now dropped almost to a calm, Volunteer being without « breath. On the lead hack to the finish a drifting match ensued, in which Cynthia crawled away from Victor and drew on to Regina. The latter, however, was not caught, and won, with Cynthia second and Victor third. The winner was sailed by Mr. G. Parrett, Cynthia by George Holmes, jun., and Victor by George Holmes, sen. 