CHAPTER XII. MR. PARKER concluded, instinctively, that the woman he had just recognised was the one who knew, but had not made public, something with regard to Lady Eileen's death. Il was not wonder ful that Jeanie should shrink from any thing that would be likely to bring her into a position where her antecedents might, by some off-chance, be investi gated ; or that the mere idea of standing once again in a court was unbearable to her. Parker, however, could not allow any stone to be left unturned, out of con sideration to her fears; and began to think how best he could open negoti ations with her. A little more adroilhandling of Charles, the communicative, produced the infor mation that Jeanie was now known as " Mrs. Graham," and was supposed to come from Edinburgh. In common with the other attendant, she had always, a short time to herself during the day; and as she had driven in the morning, she might possibly go out alone that evening. Parker's lucky star was in the aseen-' danr. He re-visited the neighbourhood as the day drew to a close, and, before he reached the house, came face to face with the person he sought. 1 The evening was close and oppressive, and Jeanie had thrown" bade her'Veil in order to breathe more freely. The detective raised his hat politely and greeted her. With an indignant repulse, she hastily lowered her veil and hurried on. But Parker was not to be shaken oft. He was at her side in an instant ; and before she could speak again, whispered a few words to her. Jeanie turned on him like some wild animal at.bay. ' " : i " What do you mean ?" she cried. " I never heard that name. I do not know what you are talking of. I will call the police !" " You will not," replied Parker, quietly. " No good if you did. I am a dectec live I Now, Mrs. Graham, you and I must have a quiet chat, or I might feel bound to tell Sir John ail I know of Jeanie Macnamara. " How can you be so cruel, when you know I was innocent?" cried Jeanie, passionately. " The verdict was ' Not proven,' Mrs. Graham. But do believe, my good ' woman, that I do not wish to injure you. I have called that cab ; now come quietlj, and nothing will happen to annoy you," replied Parker. With a look of sullen lear, Jeanie stepped imo the cub reluctantly. Par ker followed ; and before they reached their ucstination had, in great measure, overcome her dislike and alarm, and per suaded her that he wished nothing less than to recall her past trials. Stopping at a quiet part of the Green Park, the detective paid off the cali ; and finding a vacant seat not far from the entrance, he at once plunged into the subject'of Lady Eileen's mysterious end, and asked point-blank what his com panion knew of it. "Nothing !" replied Jeanie, curtly. " Who said I knew anything?" "'You were absent from your duties, and on the spot at the time," returned' Parker. " Now, Mrs. Macnamara, you know how particular Sir John is about his lady; a word from me will lose you your place. Are such placis easy to find?" " That you know they are not I" said Jeanie, fiercely. "I have been half starved while trying for work. Why must you turn me out on the world just as I am at peace ?" " Tell me the truth then about the night of the ball," said Parker. " I will tell you," said Jeanie, sullenly. " I committed no crime, at any rate. ' I was restless and curious, and thought I would see at least a glimpse of the gay doings, My lady had, somehow, an ink ling of them, and had dressed herself up in fineries, with my help ; and was happy dancing her steps to a great mirror. I pretended to be going to get her a bou quet, and went off, using my pass-key into the house. We live in the wing, you understand?" The detective nodded affirmatively, and Jeanie went on. " I went away, meaning to be back in a few minutes ; and got, unseen, through the little room where Lady Eileen died : it was empty the», and 1 stood in the gallery and watched, the visitors, hiding myself behind a lot of palms and a screen. The lime slipped by too quickly ; and when I remembered, and hurried hack to the room, there were Lady Eileen and I^ord Beaumanoir in it." " How did you know them ?" queried Parker. "Thc other nurse was Lady Haw kinge's maid and knows everyone. She has told me who many people are that come to the house," returned Jeanie. " And Lady Eifecn often visited my poor lady." " Well, what were they doing ? And did they see you ?" said Parker. " He was holding her hand, and talk ing very earnest-like to her. I shut the door at once, and went back to the screen to think what I had belter do to get back unseen ; md while I stood hidden there, Lord llcaumanoir came by, as white as a ghost, and his eyes blazing with uncanny fire." Jeanie Macnamara spoke usually with but little of her native accent ; but in thècouise of lier narrative it came back to her, and she forgot the staid proprieties of Mrs. Graham, the well-mannered1 attendant. "What happened next?" asked the; detective quietly. " I could na' go back the way. I came ; and I bethought me that my key did na' fit the door into Sir John's room-his own key is the only one for that-so I must just slip away down to the passage near the library, and gae in as softly as might be; end if that were fastened inside, I would have to go out and in again by the street door, and tell some tale or anither to the lass that opened it. And I was just going to be off, when back caine Lord Beaumanoir ; and he hurried to the room where he had left the young leddy, and was there but two minutes, or three maybe ; and I heard a. bit sound like a cry ; and then he passed back, and away with him down the stairs like one distraught. And I hurried off to the hall, and got back to my own place, through that, door ; and there was my leddy right enough, playing with some white roses and putting them in her hair, which was. as white as they were, poor thing IA' " She.had never left the room,. I sup-' pose," said Parker ; " or, of course, she could have followed you into the house -at least, unless you locked thé door as you went ?" VI-could na'remember, I was that fluttered, as to-whether I did or no ; and, indeed, I forgot all about it till .next morning. But then I found St ¿ll right," said Jeanie, candidly.. " But my leddy never caned to go from her rooms ; and ifBhe had fcraw things to dresss up in, would play like any bairn by the hour. ThaJ night she was ra splendid queen, she said, with a crown abd- à'yand I Was her slave." > V Ah, poor fltihg I AU fancy? I sup pose ?" said Parker. "Not altogether. Sir John always' gets anything she asks for. And she will na' be put off wi' tinsel and train-' per jes. She kens when her silks and satins are good as weel as anyone, She is fond of smart clothes. That night she had a gown on that, she saia, had been copied from a picture." j She'« «tot violent, I suppose ?" asked1 Fattier, rather hastily, i ? ' ' -, \ ' ** Qh/iio, poor leddy I Now and then, maybe, she gets.a little, troublesome; but mostly she is sad and fretting, or else over-merry and childish,'' said Jeanie. "Bbc has never been really dangerous at all-at least, since I haverhadthe sorting ofher;-but-" " But what?*' asked Parker, as she paused. " I have heard tell, that before I rame she gave trouble at times, and threatened one of her women with a knife ; but I canna' but think that the blame was jtot all with her, puir heart. She is biddable enough," answered Jeanie, rising from her seat. She paused irresolutely for a moment ; and then, turning sharply on the detec tive, said almost fiercely : " I ha' done your bidding ; and Twas, maybe, a fule to do it. Bul, roan, if ye have a heart in your breast, spar«; rae. Dinna' rake up the ashes of the past ; for, God knows, if I sinned, I suffered I There could be no worse punishment in hell for me than thc hour when I saw them bringing out the wee burned cradle, and the scorched body of my bairn in it, all blackened and twisted in the death thraw, and a few of his yellow curls clinging about his puir marred face. And Robbie, my man, that had been such a guid man to me, dead .by the cruel flames too, and unable to raise him self from the bed to help his wee laddie. Oh, Heaven, forgive me I forgive me I" (Tc be Continued.) 