? ? — ^ ? ? Quaint Superstitions about ,-;, Children. Some of the German superstitions re specting children are eo. quaint as to be weil worth a passing glance. Every por tion of Germany has its own particular folk lore, but most of the curious fancies we are about to notice are prevalent in more provinces than one. With regard to baptism j if. the parents wish' their child to lire a hundred years, the godparents must be fetched from three different parishes; to name it Adam or Eve is Buppsscd to pro duce a similar result, but, in both cases, the charm is broken if the infant should cry during the ceremony. The sponsors must not forget to wear some borrowed garment, in order that their godchild may always have credit j they must riot look about them, or he will see ghosts j or talk, or he will do the same in his sleep. Neither must they eat any meat immediately before the ceremony, because the hapless infant would assurredly get the toothsche ; while, in the case of a bachelor and a spinster officiating, the priest must place himself between them, or.,, otherwise the two would quarrel every time they met. £A child christened on a Friday is bound to grow up a rogue ; and if it sleeps through the ' christening' it is a sign that it is not , long for this world. When girls only are brought to the font, it is considered rather a disaster,' as they run the risk of remaining unappropriated bless inga all their lives. The duties of sponsors seem to be many and! various. A sick child is supposed to get better if its godfather carries it three times up and down the room; and three days.af ter its birth it is his duty to soothe it when crying, in order that it may have peace. T-is curious transaction ia accom plished by dropping a coin amongst iU clothes ; and, supposing tho baby continues to cry, three keys, placed in its cradle, /will certainly bring about the desired ' h.uah. Another quainb fancy is that a child left' unchristencd for some time will have beautiful largo eyes. If a sword or knife be hidden in its cot, then witches! will have nc power over it ; .bufrif, when lying in its cradle, it will not look at you, then most likely it is a witch-child itself. Wrap a baby in fur, and it will have curly hair : T)ttt three Bennies in its first bath. and it will never lack money; a -pen, it ?will learn quickly ; a rosary, it will, grow up pious j an egg, it will have a clear voice. A child born during sermon' time on Christmas morning, has the gift of seeing spirits 5 so does the first child baptised at a newly consecrated font,unless the sponsors take the precaution . of dropping a straw, pin, or piece of paper into' the basin.. The first meat it eats should be roast lark ; and if it is slow in learning to walk, its mother ought to make it creep silently ' three Friday ' mornings through a raspberry bush grown into the ' ground at both ends.. 