«. HA WES AND PIGEONS." AÎ) INCIDENT OF COT DAV. A case illustrative of the devices resorted to by making money by some of the people who visit Flemington on Cup Day was called on in the City Court yesterday morning before Messrs. Bell, Cherry, and Lancashire, J.P.'s. The complainant, an elderly man from the country named James Devonshire, told the Bench"that ho went to the Fleming- ton racecourse on Cup Day with his pockuts full of money, but he returned to Melbourne in the evening thoroughly crestfallen, richer in experience certainly, but penniless in pocket. He had mot a. stranger of gentle- manly appearance and kindly manners, who engaged bim in casual conversa- tion, which embraced the weather and almost everything but racing. He was fascinated by the man's talk, and thinking he must know a great deal about racing since he was apparently a book of reference on every other subject, asked him if ho "knew anything good "for the noxt race the Yan !t eon Stakes. The stranger replied in a whisper that he hada veritable "dead bird " for that race. There were only three horses in it that had the " ghost of a chance " of winning, and two of these he and a friend had "squared,"so that thuie was nothing left for thom to do but to put their money on and go round after the race with a bag and carry off their winnings. A friend of the stranger's came up just thon, and the two proposed that thoy should put £50 apiece on tho " dead bird." Devonshire «greed, and he and tho "stranger" handed the third man their money that ho might go and invest it with a bookmaker. The race came, the "dead bird" waa beaten, one of the "squared " horse« won, and when Devonshire turned to ask his new friends the why and [ the wherefore they had both disappeared, and be was left lamenting tho loss of his £60. He «ought the police, and told Plainclothes Constable Gleeson tho story of his troubles. That offioer later on arrested a man named William Byrne as one of tho conspirators, and charged him with conspiring with auother man, name unknown, to obtain £50 by false pretences from Devonshire. The accused was remanded to appear at the Flemington Court on Tuesday next, and bail was allowed in the sum of £200.-Molbourno Argus. 