CHRIST'S PLAN FOR, THE REGENERATION OF THE WORLD. BY THE REV. MARK GCY PEARCE. On Friday last at the hour of noon Pirie •Street Wesley an Church was packed from floor to ceiling for the purpose of hearing a sermon to the Wesleyan Conference by the Rev. Mark Guy Pearse of London. Mr. Pearse is rather above the medium height, with pleasant clear cut features, grey hair, and a voice of great compass and flexibility. He read the first chapter of the Acts oE the Apostles. Amongst other remarks Mr. Pearse said the work of J sus was ever beginning. The Acts of the Apostles had no end, it was left unfinished that -we might each add a chapter to it. He had no time to devote to the period of the Lord's second advent, and if he had he would not attempt to discover it because Christ had forbidden it. Believers now were not prophets but witnesses. it was not storm which hid Christ from his followers but little bits of earth born cloui The best cure for the things which clouded our lives was to live above them. Referring to the West London Mission, Mr, Pearse said he would just mention two facts, one was that there were outside all church agencies in London a population as large as that of the whole of Australia, and that the Mission had begun work in a population of 400,000, in which there had previously been no Methodist agency -whatever. There they had now gathered membership of 1,500. The collection that day would be in aid of this work. The preacher took his text from Acts i, 8, Ye shall receive power after that the Holy Ghost has come upon you, and ye shall be my witnesses, &c.;" He said that the text indicated Christ's plan for restoring the kingdom to Himself. Think of 120 men and women, simple, homely, poor, not preachers, men and women, very much like the men and women of to-day,—into their hands Christ oommitted the great work of restoring the Kingdom to himself. There was nobody so high that they were not to reach, no one so low that they were not to lift him up. What should we think if a work like that were put into our hands. Well the first thing we should think would be that a great deal of money would be required, yet none of these people said anything about money, they appeared to have a contempt for it. -Christ said nothing about money. When a young man came to him with perhaps £100,000, Christ said, go and get rid of your money and come and follow me. Christ knew His followers would need money to do His work, yet He did not say one word about it. Personally he would rather give up his work than believe that that God who had given His Son for the world's salvation -would leave His people without the means to do His work. God did not use all His gold to pave the streets of His eity, and if money .could be got in no other way the angels would pitch down to them the paving stones of heaven. But no good work ever yet lacked money when <nen asked for it. If they had goodness they had the most essential element of success. They were a very clever people and it was a .common thing to hear it said that what the Church needed was intellectual power. He would not say that intellectual power was not necessary, but he would say that it would be better if the Church did not trust so much in intellectual power. JBy the help of intellectual power he could give . a poor man a splendid notion of what he could do with a million of money, but the poor man might reply, of what value are your splendid notions to me, I would rather have a threepenny bit. .Who needed their splendid notions 1 what men needed amidst the burdens and sorrows of life was the sympathetic grip of the Lord. How they.mocked the people with their splendid notions. Christ did not promise money or intellectual gifts, but POWER. These poor uncultured men and women should receive power to go forth and liare over again the life of Jesus Christ. The power caae and they went forth. Let us follow them and ^see the result. They first came in contact with the Romans. These were essentially men of power, their gods were the symbols of strength. Amongst these people came the religion of Jesus Christ, depending on the simple power of goodness.. John the Baptist came into contact witii Herod who cringed with fear before the honest outspoken man of the desert. Christ came iato contact with Pilate and Pilate was afraid. This was a symbol of the young Christianity coming into contact with the might of old Rooie. Paul came into contact with Nero and Nero felt that whatever he might do to Paul he could not really hurt him. It was the simple pocer of goodnes? overcoming worldly power. The same work had to be done to-dny. The greatest power in the -world ts-day was money, a greater power than jthis was the sheer force of goodness. This nas .scarce to-day but it was still to be found : a ^ian who wou'd rather starve than take a bribe. If they could not turn out honest men they had better shut up their churches or let them as Junatic asylums. What was the good of theology, of correct dogmas, or perfect 8?elesiastioal systems, if they could not turn out. men with clean hands, who if they could not pay twenty shillings in the pound to-day would do so to-morrow, or at the first possible moment. Perhaps some would say we can't do business on these terms. Very well, choose whether you will Berve God or Mammon. Of old men could not serve God and live, they served God and died. Another class with whom the early Christians were brought into contact were the Greeks. They were philosophers, and dreamed of an ideal life. The Christian slave lived the life of which the Greek philosopher dreamed. There was a revival of the Greek spirit in the present day. There was abroad a love of letters, of art and of beauty. How was this to be met. There was no lack of books on the evidences of Christianity, but these had never saved a soul. But stay, he had heard of one case. The best book on Christian evidences was one sometimes to be met with. It was six feet of humanity bound in cloth, living a Christlike life. This was the only book on the Christian evidences which he had known to be of much value. The English squire when brought into contact with goodness in the person of Old Hodge the laborer was forced to confess that he would give half his wealth had he Hodge's goodness. A third force which Christianity had to encounter was Barbarism. In the days of Cassar three-fourths of the people of Rome were on the verge of starvation. The early Christians did not wait for the study of political economy, they did not want for some patent remedy, some grand scheme. They went amongst the people and lived a brotherly life. They were brotherly to -every man for Christ's sake, they felt that in Christ every one was dear to God, every man, every woman, every child had become sacred since Jesus came. This was the kind of Christianity they needed to-day. Unless their Christianity made them brotherly it was anti- Christian. Because they were Christians they must consider the needs and sorrows of others. Oh that smug Christianity which thought it could make its fortune and save its miserable soul. Of such he would say, Christ did not know them, and certainly they did not know Christ. It was power Christ promised to His followers. None of them felt fit to go out and live the life of Christ before men. To write books and preach sermons were easy, but to let men see what Christ was like, to be always pure, true, brotherly, meek; ah, that wa3 another thing, yet Christ's call was to all without exception, whatever their nature or disposition. The fact was, natural peculiarities were no hindrance to witness bearing, It was not what could be made cut of men, it was what Christ could put into them. They were to receive power. He had been once pondering the question of the higher life and it seemed to him like a star, beautiful but too high to reach, but then the word ' receive' struck him,—" Ye shall receive power," and he saw that any beggar could take Gd. He had seen a housewife put out her broken pitcher and get it filled in a shower of rain. If they would give themselves to the Lord, though they might be but broken pitchers he would fill them. A useless briar might have a rose grafted upon'it, so God could implant a new life in the very commonest and apparently most worthless. To the early Christians the power came ; the power of a Cbristlike life, and it turned the world upside down. The same power was still as mighty as of old. Take England a century ago, when every sixth house in London was a gin shop, when to get drunk was the mark of a gentleman, when every third word was an oath, when cockGghting was patronised by members of parliament and the clergy. Then came forth Wesley and Whitfield, and men and women heard them preach and caught the Christlike spirit, and went home and led pure and godly lives. This was what had changed England, so that to-day drunkenness, profanity and cockfightine were considered low and disreputable. So to day, it was not preaching which was wanted, they might bury their preachers if tliey could only get the community filled with Christlike men and womon. There were great evils left, there were intemperance, gambling, and the love of money. What was needed was the incoming of the spirit of the living God, so that individual lives might be filled with influence and power. Mr. Pear?e in closing drew a graphic picture of Peter before lie received the power denying his Master with oaths and curses ; and after be received the power, standing boldly in the presence of his judges and declaring that he could not but speak the things which he had seen and heard. A Collection in aid of the West London Mission realized £34. According to an estimate of the New York Journal nf Commerce, tile number of JewB in the world slightly 1 BKven mil lions, distributed as follows :—Russia, 2 021,000 ; Austria, 1,175.000: Germany, 512,000; Tut key, 100,000; the Netherlands, 70,000: Great Britain. 00,000 : France, 50,000; Italy, 36,000; Spain and Portugal, 4.000 ; Sweden andNorway, 2,000. There ore half n million in the United States, of whom about 70,000 lire in New York. In Asia there are about 200.000, of whom 20.000 are in India, and 25.000 in Palestine. Nearly 100,000 reside in Africa, the bulk of whom are to be found in Algiers. 