fiUSIO AHD THE DRAMA. | AT HOME AND ABROAD. Mr. Thomas Tliorno, that experienced old comedian and manager of tho Vaudeville Theatre, celebrated his 21st year of tenancy last month by a revival of Ly tton's " Money. Tho critics thereupon dubbed tho piece old- fashioned," and Mr. Tliorne, taking them at their word, has substituted Ibsen's very modern drama "Hcdda Gablcr" for his evening bill. The London Daily Telegraph is, of course, incorrect in saying that Ibsen s plays had only been " timidly tried at tenta tive matinees. " So far from this being the case, that journal wrote a savage article upon the Chnrringlon production of "A Doll's House" at the Novelty Theatre on Friday evening, June 7, 1809, and renewed the attack, in season and out of season, until the departure of Janet Achurcli for Aus tralia. The production made then a pro. found impression, and it has left its mark upon the history of the English stage. This afternoon, when Miss Achurch oneo more appears as Nora, playgoers will understand how it was that " A Doll's House" succeeded in London in tho face of the bitterest oppo sition from the admiring critics of pieces like "Dr. Bill" or " London Day by Day." And when they understand this they will at the same time learn the cause of the comparative failure in London of 44 Ghosts" and " Ros- mersholm." Ibsen's plays need fine acting, and the later dramas were only staged by enthusiastic nmateurs. It was when Mr. Clement Scott, a London critic, remarked that snch treatment was appropriate "because the plays themselves were amateurish," that Mr. Sydney Grundy, tho author of that brilliantly- written comedy " The Silver Shield," who had been stigma tised '0 as an " Ibsenite," made his since oft-quoted retort, " I am not an Ibsenite. I do not 'even like Ibsen. But when I see a little bay 'scribbling rude words oh the pedes tal of a Oolossuslcannot help boxing his ears.'' Since that well-merited rebuke was penned the London journalists have seen Hedda Gabler acted by first-rate artists. The atti tude of London criticism bus undergone a radical change, and the play has been criti cised in many eases adversely, but nearly alwajswith respect. Indeed the Athcnceum remarks upon the most vital point, its dramatic power, " that whatever its wrongs uud shortcomings, it proves stimulating in action and reaches at the close of the third act a point, of keen dramatic interest ;' whilst the hostile Daily Telegraph reluctantly and with many qualifications admits udmira- uou,iliusleaviiigtlie.5a/«r(f«y Iferien-ulonoin itoglory to continue " scribbling rude words an the, pedestal of a Colossus." Major H. C. Dane, the eloquent lecturer — whose tuneful tongue has told the story of the "Seven Churches of Asia," tlrrown the glamar of romance over the mighty nchieve- liienu of America, the "Marvel of the Ages," and spread far and wide the fame of the more tlianearthly beauty of " The Wonderland of Ocetna" — is back in Sydney once again. Tlie ivorll-wom traveller left us for London by the Victoria on January 4, 1890 ; he returned by tie Monowai at the end of last month. Major Dane is in love with .Sydney, and visits the city again not with the object of lectur ing, but to refresh himself witli a liiiiilay, after four years hard, almost inces sant work. Ho spent six months in Eng land, and was on tour tho whole time, de scribing the natural wonders and commercial pr<gres3 of Australia. Anyouo who has lately railed England, and there spoken with pride of oar theatrical productions, will not fail to have remarked the utter incredulity and con tempt with which such reference has been received. This has been Major Dane's ex perience in regard to his statements about the wealth, population and social condition of these colonies. He tells U3 that his hearers' senses seemed deadened with overwhelming astonishment and disbelief ! "The population of Melbourne nearly half-a- lnillion ; of Sydney nearly 400,000 ! Non sense, we can t believe it !" This was the mental attitude of the English audiences, and it was probably only mollified by the reflection that the lecturer was an American, tiidtlus in noway prejudiced in favor of the cn«ht-y ho described. After touring Eng- Unil JIajor Dane proceeded unannounced to Ainv York, and in two days was hard at mirk, Partly owinjj to the ueed for rest the trivcilcr was seized at Cincinnati with a liire than usually acute attack of the grippe, ast had to spend six weeks at the hot agings of Arkansas before his health was l'Jtured. Sydney people will be glad to lie i- that he now appears as well as ever. Tie hair is whiter, perhaps, but the keen ve, soldierly bearing and youthful step rtnaiu to "keep our ever-active visitor but litle changed. Before their welcome arrival hero the Jfiyal Comic Opera Company completed attlie ISncess' Theatre the longest operatic season (.7 weeks) recorded in Australia. This was ii some measure due to the engagement by Messrs. Williamson and Garner of Mr. Eem-y Bracy, whereby they not only secured acapable singer, but one of the most expe- renced managers of operatic enterprise that cjuld be found. Mr. Bracy joined the firm slortly after the dissolution of his operatic company upon the departure of Miss Lilian 'free nearly a year ago. He brought with lim " Tho Old Guard," an opera he pur- chascd before he left England, but had held io reserve in the hojje of securing Mr. Villfnm Elton, whom lie had recognised as the only actur here who could make a success of the character of Polydore Poupart, the villago mayor. This "piece, "admirably staged and east by the only management that lias the means at hand for a great production," li'inarked Mr. Bracy, "ran for seven weeks uid was drawing crowded houses when Mine. Bernhardt arrived. As yon are aware, she witnessed the performance from a box, evinced an almost child-like enthusiasm, and ended by dividing her bouquet in two in jrdcr to reward Air. Elton and Miss Vnrley yitli bunches of flowers. Afterwards she said us a visit behind, rushed up to Elton, hid takiug botli his hands in liors, cried, "Ah, e'est ban artiste !' We could not help .emarking how strange it was that the scene jf the story should be laid in France with the ' Marseillaise ' introduced, as if in honor of her visit. I remain with tho firm iia stage-director for some t ime yet, so you riuiy look forward to seeing the- new opera in Sydney with tho present cast." On being t axed with the rumored acceptance of the new theatre now in course of erection at tho corner of Russell and Bourlce streets, Mel bourne, Air. Bracy added, " It is quite truo that the lessecship was placed under offer to me, but the subject is nob one upon which I am disposed to speak at present."' Mr. Charles Ryloy, the new baritone, was engaged by Mr. J. C. Williamson during his visit to England last year, when he both saw 'and heard the artist at the Lyric Theatre. Mr. Ryley's stage career has been compara tively short. His first appearance upon any stage was at Her Majesty s Theatre, London, in the Christmas production of " The Yellow Dwarf" 1883-4, whon he walked the utago as a " super " for one fortnight. He was then lucky enough to be engaged by Mr. D'Oyley Carte to understudy the late Mr. Fedcrici in "Iolanthe," and subsequently played " Strophoii," a fine singing part, in the provinces. Air. Ryleywasthen bronghtto the Savoy Theatre, where on January 5, 1884, lie created the part of Florian in "Princess Ida." Tho cast included also Mr. Bracy, A lite Leonora Braham (her finest character) and pretty Kate Chard, all familiarly known to Australian pluygoorB. " Princess Ida" ran 15 months, and Mr. Ryloy then appeared at tho Empire Theatre in " The Lady of tho Locket," hut finding tho long " runs of Lon don life prejudicial to the study of his art, he joined the Vokcs Family, ami for nearly two years did hard "stock ' work in musical farce, and as a character actor. In October, 1886, Mr. Ryley returned to London to play Lord Dnyrell in Audran's opera, " Indi- nna," at the Avenue Theatre, and then for two years sang Harry Sherwood with Mr. H J. Leslie's " Dorothy Company" on tour. Mr. Rvley thinks very highly of Collier's " Doris" (in which he next appeared in Lon don and elsowliere), which contains in his opinion tiie best music that composer has written, so that it nmy be hoped that the production of the work in Australia is not far distant. Mr. Ryley, who reached Aus tralia on August 6, 1890, both sings and acts like an artist, and will worthly uphold the high traditions of Australian comic opera during his stay amongst us. 'L'he Saturday Jieoieic, 44 without implying a word of commendation," says of " Hedda Gabler," tho drama which is now tho talk of Loudon: — "It is free from tho mess and mistiness of 4 Ghosts,' tho crack-brained niaunderings of 4 Rosmcrshohn,' tho fan tastic, Bliort-sighted folly of 4 Doll's House,' and the crude and meaningless romanticism of 4 Tho Ludv from the Sea."' But then, the mimo " Ibsen " always was as tho pro verbial 44 red rag to a bull " to tho Saturday Jleuilcr. Miss Alyra Kemble, Mr. E. W. Royce, Mr. Edwin Kelly and the rest of the 44 Dr. . Bill " contingent arrived here overland from Adelaide at noon on Wednesday, and four hours later sailed by the Arawatta for Bris bane, where tho curtain risuB this evening on " Dr. Bill" attlie local Theatre Royu 1. 