FUN AND FANCY. The best time to think is before you act. A close mouth calls for few assess ments, and pays big dividends. The debt of nature is one that a man always pays as he' goes. Silver is not exactly in the soup, hut it’s rather close to bullion. Quizz (fishing for sympathy)—‘Do you suffer with neuralgia?’ Fiz (emphatically)—‘Always, when I have it-.’ The coming woman will not marry until she is able to support a husband in the style she has been accustomed to at home. Ladies seldom hit the nail on the head. They are more apt to hit the nail on the finger. The Minister —‘ Have you ever cast your bread upon still waters ?’ Mrs Riverbauk (proudly)— ‘ Never since my first hatch.’ A famous quotation—‘Ha, ha,’ laughed the farmer, as he saw his brood of incubator chickens come forth, ‘I did it with my little hatch it.’ Force of Public Opinion.—A man never thoroughly realises the incon venience of a small town until he has done something mean. Guzzler— ‘ Do you know I think liquor drinking is a good deal like fall ing off a house!’ Buzzer— ‘ How so ?’ ‘ Because it’s the stopping that hurts. ‘ You snored terribly in church last Sunday. You set everybody talking.’ ‘Yes I resembled Byron.’ ‘ I don’t un derstand.’ ‘ I woke and found myself famous.’ The young man who knows enough to leave early, bring candy for her brother, and make love to her parents, will not find the course of true love so very rough. ‘ Sea sickness,’ says a modern wit, ‘is like a belief in ghosts; no one will admit that it troubles him, hut every one has misgivings on the subject.’ Prison Warder (to new prisoner)— ‘ We always like to assign the prisoners to the trades with which they are most familiar, and shall lie happy to do so in your case.’ Prisoner—‘l’m a com mercial traveller.’ Lawyer (to female witness) —Will you please to tell this court and jury what your age is ? Elderly Female— ‘What’s the use. They wouldn’t believe me if I was to tell them.’ ‘ Now tell us the naked truth,’ said Mr Fosdick to his young son, who was under an examination for a boyish escapade. ‘Yes,’ added Mrs Fosdick, who was a graduate of Yassar; “We want ouly the unclothed veracity.’ 