THE DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR HEADS 44 1 would give a million dollars for a stomach," said a wealth American recently. Now a million dollars (£200,000) is a deal i of money, but he was not able to buy the article even at that price. Mr. Thomas Gaskin, of No. 3, Poplar Row Darley, Abbey, near Derby, is not so rich as many being a gardener, but he was ready enough to give all he had for one thing he hadn't got. Here is his story, and he shall cell ic in his own way. Mr. Gaskin goes on to say : 44 Up to eight years ago 1 had never lost an hours' work through sickness. In December 1882, whilBt living at Beeston, near Nottingham, my appetite fell away, I had dreadful paiu after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would fill with water and slime, the latter so thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with my fingers. My chest used to 4 fill up' and . my throat would swell so I couldn't button my shirt at the neck. 1 vomited a great deal, chiefly a vellowish-green phlegm. I had a racking cough, aud would cough and strain till I bled at the nose, and the blood rushed out of my ears. I became exhausted and short of breath and had to call the doctor, and was in bed five or six weeks. 44 1 then went as out-patient to the Nottingham Hospital, and after attending there for six months was very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with me. For eighteen months I kept, getting better, then worse, and at last the doctors recommended me to try a change of air. So I came to Darley Abbey and my former master gave me an indoor recommendation to the Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby. I found uowever, that all the beds in the hospital were full, and I saw my club doctor and also two doctors at Derby. The first one said, ' You are in a galloping consumption; and must die ; the other doctors, after sounding my lungs and chest, said nothing , but shook their heads. 44 Getting a trifle better my old master allowed me to do what little I could in his gardens and grounds; and some days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few days.- Things went on like this until December, 1888, when I caught a cold, got very short of breath, And broke down completely. I was always coughing and spitting up phlegm, sometimes as much as a teacupful at once, aud was afraid to go to sleep for fear the phlegm would choke the. At this time the whites of my eyes turned yellow, and my eyes were bloodshot. My lips and mouth were dry and parched aud I ofteu broke out into a cold clammy sweat. My tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. £ lost over a stone weight in three weeks. ' 44 1 managed to get up for a few hours at a time but was so weak I bad to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, and sitting or ly ing, was never at ease and got no real rest. Too weak to read I often sat for hours looking at my hauds— nothing bat skin and bone, and was so nervous I couldn't bear the least noise, and the children at play quite upset me. 44 The doctor kept on attending me, but he said, 4 1 can do you no good ; I can only patch you up, because your lungs are deceased. I then gave over taking his medicine aud tried everything I could hear of. One thing was a cough cure from London that cost 22s, a bottle. But nothing did any good, and my my friends who came to see me said , Well, you won't cough much longer, you have i'erety to prepare for another world' "About the middle of March, 1889, a neighbour named Joseph Tatham, who works in the paper mills at Darley Abbey, said to me, Tom , did you ever try Mother Seigel's Syrup 9" and told me how he had been cured after being in the hospital He spoke so much in praise of this medicine I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr. Smith's Stores in Victoria Street. After the first|dose I had an evacuation black as ink, and vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine for three days my breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I was able to go out for a short walk. By the end of a fortnight I went to see my master, who asked what had wrought the improvement, and I told him, as I told every one, that Mother Seigel's Syrup had saved my life. I commenced work at once, and have never lost a day's work since. 44 Of course ray strength did not return all at once, but after, taking Seigel's Syrup for six months I was strong as ever in my life and have continued so ever since1" I giving his consent to the publication of this remarkable statement, Mr Gaskin requests us to refer all doubters to him or to Mr. Keetley, Head Gardner, Darley Abbey, who is acquainted with all the facts alleged. Mr. Gaskin has lived at Darley Abbey 22: years and bears au excellent reputation. Now, wnat was the complaint from which be suffered? Not gallooping consumption, certainly (as one of the doctors thought ) or he would have galloped into his grave in less than three months, instead of growing worse for seven years. His complaint was chronic inflammatory dyspepsia (or chronic gaBtric catarrh) which has lung symptoms like consumption, for which it is so often gnorantly mistaken and wrongly treated When the right remedy, Mother Seigel'a Syrup, was used the disease yielded, as all diseases of the digestive tract do yield to that magnificent -pieparation. We heartly congratulate. Mr. Gaskin on his recovery, and commend the facts of his case to all thinking people, 