A GIRL JOT PECIHAI. I ' .. . . ->7 I Mr. Plantagenet Willtos w< -JSmSSh to the tin Afj"" fingers He looked down witn J lo«y contempt on parvenueB of the eevonteenth I Mideighteenth centoriee, and always Bko of the House of Lords, as at present wnstetixted, "liTtn TtAnraffe for be was Bixw«M"h diiOct'female Wvliams, or perhaps Wylymns, but he was j above so cheap a distinction. Plain Williams— with Plantagenet before it— was good enough for him. It is sad to relate thatis claims to nobility were hot universal admitted; it was on the express ground, that he was not only a bore, but an outsider, that he had been pilled at the local olub by a parcel of half-pay colonels and majors in the mitia, most ot whom would hardly have recognised their own great-grandfathers if they had met them walk- ing on the esplanade, « was K " ffimi in anger that immediately after this" rejection he altered his motto from Sanguine Reguni " to . " Viltor alga est. in bitter : allusion to " the Uon passaht holding in his mouth a Bprig of broom which formed his ancestral crest. ;- As becomes a person of his birth, he wax a great iquariMi, he had the mysteries of the science of heraldry at his fingers ends, and was supposed to know -L®. i MiaflAR. KrfiinQCL mass, SonumS brasses, ' and euh-like me|Bva playthings, than the president t)f the Royal Squmi Society himself. There was not a parson within ten miles whose church had any j pretension to antiquity with whom he badnot . quarrelled, and the sexton of Stanwick Abbey, | the great show-place of the neighbourhood, hated the sight of a gentleman who thought "nothing of contradicting him before a dozen tourists, and had ideas of his own as to the true date of the carving of the choir-stalls. It was, therefore, with considerable disgust that this official, on a certain fine afternoon in early spring, saw the well-known figure of the aristocratic amateur lounge iu to the Abbey; for he was engaged in doing the mortuary honours of the place to a couple of ladies, who, from the intelligent interest they showed in what he had to tell them, seemed to he good for at least half-a-crown. Xhey were very quietly, even Bhabbily, dressed, and when Plantagenet caught sight of them he im mediately set them down as visitors to the neighbouring watering-place, probably from | Peckham, and despised them accordingly, i However, the younger one was decidedly pretty, in a pert sort of way, so he conde scended to join the party, and listened with a sort of sneer to the lecture of the cicerone on the different objects of interest in the Abbey. ; At last they paused before a great tomb as big as a four-post bedstead. This," said the sexton, pompously, is the tomb of the last of the old Barons o' Bull- winkle. This is 'im lym' on his back, and ine i recumbent few ale figure also lyin' down is that of his wife, the last Baroness. Their anas is clasped in touching memory of their immutual affection for each other. He weare his coronet on his 'ead, which is a mark of nobility, and his j sword by bis side to show that he was a distin- 1 onisbed soldier. His feet are restin' on a grey- 'ound, which is the harms of the family— Plantagenet shuddered. " The crest," he said, drawing in his breath and contracting hiB brows alter the manner of him who hears a false note sung. . " One of the badges," said a clear, high voice behind him. He turned round hastily, and saw that it was the younger of the two ladies who had spoken, and there was a pause. 44 1 beg your pardon," he said at last, m the tone of ahead master set right by a fourth- form boy. 44 Oh, not at all. The greyhound was a badge of the Peytos," said the girl, negli gently. " The crest was a peacock with his tail spread. There's one over that shield,' ' and she nodded her head towards a monument close by. I Plantagenet grew hot all over at the idea of being" taught heraldry by a young person from Peclmam. She must be crushed at once. 44 I'm afraid they don't teach these things very accurately at your school," he said, with cutting satire ; 44 a family badge is never dis played on a monument, ' ' 4 "Isn't it really f" said the girl, carelessly; 44 well. I suppose this old gentleman preferred greyhounds to p6ftcocF6j &hci; cnos© w) o© m- i conventional — like some people nowadays, j she added, with a sly glance at her companion. The elder lady seemed to be rather alarmed at a possible scene, and, by way of pro pitiating him, asked Plantagenet if he knew anything of antiquarian matters. 44 1 flattered myself I knew something,' he answered, glancing revengefully at the girl ; i « but ladies learn-so much nowadays from the 'Answers to Correspondents ' in their favourite penny paper that a man whose knowledge is I merely hereditary is really nowhere in com parison." "Hereditary?" " Well, yes ; hereditary. I have the honour of being a very Humble Descendant of the Royal House of England" — no capital letters can ex press the tone in which he spoke these words— V and one seems, as it were, to inherit — without exactly— you see what I mean, of course— just as people" whose ancestors were tradesmen take to&riness; by nature, don't you know." smiled in a malicious manner, but eaidhothing. 44 1 wonder whether there are any Peytos left Jin this part of the country," Baidthe elder lady, I addr«s«ng her ; and JL34&utagenet; topk on him- self to answer- the question. - ,| "The family -became extinct two hundred years ago," said he. : 1 44 Not extinct I" said the audacious girl ; "II am descended from the family myself." " I'm reaHysorry to correct you," said Plan- tageiiet, with rather overdone politeness, 44 hut j the only descendants of the Pevtos are Lord I O'.dcastLe's family— theBardolfs." j 44 And that happens to be-my name," said the | I girl, laughing outright. I "BarSolfwithari'f'?" 44 With an 4 f.m j 44 Oh, I see." I Plantagenet bowed satirically, and muttered ao that she- could hear- him— "livery iiowara kins with Norfolk's Duke." „ , , . 44 You will observe these elmets, broke m the sexton, thinking it was quite time his voice was heard agaii). 44 They've been taken off of the different tombs, and are considered a fine collection. This 'ere is a tilting 'elmet, and belongs to the tomb as you've just been inspect ing." 44 No," said Plantagenet, decidedly. 44 1 beg your pardon, seXXon. The helmet of a Baron i is of quite a different shape from this." i Not even the fear of endangering his half- crown could keep the Bexton from showing his indignation at being again set right. 44 Per'aps, as you know bo much more than I do, sir," he s&id;, sulkily, 44 you'll tell the ladies all about it yourself ;" and he walked away in great indignation. _ | Miss Bardolf— with an-44 f " — turned toPlan- 1 tagenet with a winning smile. 44 How fooliBh of that old man to losstiistoper aairun aw j like that" she said, sweetly. "I ®f «u>lr him now they put those helmets on# I alwayB wanted So to know." „nvr I / Her tone was mu<ti more Plmitagenet looketkOT» «ndbegan I After all, she was very young, the I he thought he would forgive her. He I ruBty humet in his hancfe, carefully wip 1 dust .off, and, after some trouble, succeed J opening the yizor. : - uuav how 44 There," he said, indulgently, _ that the things works.- You raise th" i like this, unfasten this spring, see? the U spring squeaked and came open— 4tand tnen put it oyer.your head.- It's Kmploouoog. 44 But surely, shesd, douJtfu» f _ j could bear such a weight? . Ghrl don t be I anyone ever wore them, really . | Plantagenet smiled pityingly.; - - - , 4 4 Eveirin these days it is not impossible, ne 1 said. 44 Look here." r „ . . _:fv . He lifted the ponderous headpiece, not wim- out difficulty, and slipped his head into .it. j Down came the vizor with a crash, just e p ing the end of Plantagenet's ancestral nose, ana 1 his face was hidden from the sight of ®n. , . Miss Bardolf clapped her hands with delight. 1 44 Oh, how good of you !" she cried. . Isn t j really very heavy ? And how noble you lo , I if it were not for your gaiters. _ Only 1 I see you through the bars. t it rather inSid« rhpro. thouch?" Plantagenet made some reply, but his words were lost in j the hollow of the helmet. . | He began hastily to fumble with the spring. I There was a loud click. "Miss Bardolf burst out j laughing. . , ,, 44 Now your have done it !' she cned, as the j helmet rclosed' tight round the unlucky .man s j neck. » Well," sak the sexton, pausing after half j i an hour's hard work, "I never see such a j dratted old thing ! I've brake my nails and I ve | broke my knife, and it's my belief as it 11 ave j to be broke to pieces with your ead inside Ot 1 it !" j Plantagenet raised his vizor with both hds, j and discovered the mpst rueful countenance tnat was ever framed in iron. . : . . . . 44 Imt there a bksinith anywhere in the place?" he asked ; and the sexton shook his I head. I 44 Not nearer than Axlescote,' said he ; and that's a matter of five mile or better." 44 Then you mUst fetch him up- here, and 1 11 wait for him," said Plantagenet, miserably. _ 14 No use, sir. He wouldn't come at this time o' day. You'll 'ave to go! down yourself. You've got a tricycle outride. " " Confound it all, man !" cried Plantagenet, j beside himself with vexation and discomfort, 1 44 1 can't go through the village on a tricycle j with a sixteenth-century tilting helmet on. j They'd think I was an escaped lunatic." I 44 There's no other way I knows of," said the sexton, with the ghost of a grin, 44 unless you was to walk; but you might 'ave my missus s | shawl to wrap up your 'ead in." j "It was all the fault of that impudent- minx," said Plantagenet. 44 1 believe on my j soul she cid it on purpose. I wish I knew who 1 she is. I'd " . " 44 Stranger in these parts, sir," observed the sexton. 44 Drove over in Squire Ferrers's dog cart." i 44 She said her name was Bardolf," Plantagenet, angrily, as if the name constituted | an offence. 41 Oh, indeed!" said the sexton; 4Mhen of I course she was one of Lord Oldcastle s young ladies. I did 'ear as one of them was stoppin' j at the Park." Again the vizor fell over Plantagenet's 1 face, but this time he had dropped it on pur- I pose. His mind flew hastily back over the I discussion with the young lady from Peckliam, and he was glad to have something to hide his blushes. — Vanity Fair, 