I SUPERNATURAL INFLUENCE. .atty Telegraph.) Two curious incidents of recent occur- rence in RuBsia are certainly calculated to strengthen that dop-seated belief in the direct interference of supernatural influences with the ordinary course of human affairs which still holds its own with the vast majority-of mankind, in spite of scientific discovery, popularised education, and all the other modern forces so strenuously exerted to promote human enlightenment. The first of thc incidents in {question-both of whioh are avowedly regarded as miraculous by the inhabitants of the cities in which they happened-took place a few days ago in St. Petersburg. It is alleged that a priest of the Orthodox Greek Church, carrying with him the Holy Sacrament, called upon a young officer residing in thc Russian capital, to whom lie stated that he had conic for the purpose of administering ex- treme unction to him at thc urgent re- quest of an elderly lady who lind visited him-the priest-at his house a short time previously. Thc officer observed that he had intrusted. no one with any such mission ; the lady, whomsoever she might bc, had assuredly not been sent by him. " Besides," he added, smiling, "I nm in the enjoyment of excellent health, and am by no means preparing for death." Glancing round the roora as he was about to take his leave, the "pope" espied the portrait of a lady hanging to the wall. " That," lie said, pointing to the picture, "is an exact likeness of the person who came to my house and instructed inc to bring tile Holy Sacrament luther." " Im- possible," exclaimed the officer, . " for that is the portrait of my mother who has been dead for some years." The priest, however, reiterated his state- ment to the effect that, beyond a doubt, the original of the portrait had -called upon him. So deep was the impression produced upon the mind of the youthful officer by this startling and inexplicable assurance that he forthwith partook of the Sacrament. A few hours later he suddenly expired. If the tale, as it has reached us, has been truly told, it must be admitted that history has an indis- putable tendency not only to repeat itself but to repeut fiction ; for, if we remember right, the central incident has already been niadÉAse of-and perhaps more than once-V tales of imaginative mystery. Of course every link in its chain of indisputable events may have reference to something real, the outcome of purely natural causes, the only wonder of the. whole matter lying in the fortuitous coincidence of several such realities. The young man may have been afflicted with some dangerous organic disease, to which he himself attached no importance, while some of his near relatives may have suspected 1 or even been aware of its formidable! character. Let u6 suppose that one of these-say a maternal aunt, bearing a strong resemblance to his deceased parent, her sister-fearing that he might be carried off by his mortal malady without having received the last ministrations of the Church, to thc eternal prejudice of his spiritual wel- fare, should have betaken herself to the priest, on her own responsibility, as a nervous, fanatical woman might well do, and should have implored that reverend person to administer extreme unction to her nephew without loss of time. The subsequent incidents of the narrative, to wit, the fancied recognition of thc portrait and the sudden death of a highly-impressionable youth, accele- rated by an agony of amazement'and superstitious horror, would be compre- hensible enough, without ascribing their occurrence to any miraculous inter- vention or other preternatural agency. Or the sending of the priest with " the essentials" may have been a cruel practical joke played upon a notoriously superstitious and sensitive lad by his brother officers, and the ghastly jest may have frightened him into commit- ting suicide. 'With regard to the other strange story, which comes from Vilna, the " cheflieu " of Russian Lithuania, the catastrophe that constitutes its 'chief marvel may, with almost equal probability, be attributable to coinci- dence or to crime. Vilna is an extremely ancient city, in which Catholicism, at one time the predomi- nant creed of its inhabitants, has for some centuries flourished side by side with so-called orthodoxy. It possesses several places of Roman Catholic worship, among them a church of world- wide renown, in which there is a gorgeous and much-venerated shrine dedicated to the holy Virgin of Czesto eliowa. To the chapel containing this supreme attraction many thousands of pilgrims annually repair, and a super- stition prevails among its innumerable votaries, dooming to a sudden and tragical end any impious person who should seek to destroy or remove the sacred shrine. It would appear that Alexy, the Russian Orthodox Bishop of Vilna, undaunted by this popular belief, recently persuaded the Imperial Govern- ment at St. Petersburg to authorise the closure of three of the Roman Catholic churches belonging to Vilna, and furthermore to decree the removal of the image of "Our Lady of Czesto chowa," so that no more Catholic pil- grimages might henceforth take place within thc limits of his diocese. Their decision having, in due course, been officially communicated to Monsignor Audziewicz, the Roman Catholic Bishop of Vilna, his Grandeur hurried oil' to the capital in order to petition that the order might be rescinded. While he was absent on this pious mission, with little hope of bringing it to a successful issue, his fellow-prelate, the Orthodox Alexy, dropped down dead one day stricken with apoplexy, it is said- in tile Vilna railway station. Nut un- naturally, the sudden death of an herethal priest who had been " micliing niallecho " to their sacred shrine, was regarded by the Catholics of Vilna as n retributive visitation and a "fulfilment of doom.'1 As a matter of fact, it gave rise to local excitement of BO serious and, significant a- character that the "powers'that bej"' despite their severe orthodoxy and willingness to. persecute the-Roman.Church, thought fit to post- pone the removal of the shrine, lest that inopportune.measure should lead to calamitous .disturbances. |" Very likely Bishop Alexy died "by the visitation of God," and would have done so-bis time being come to pay the great debt ot . nature-if he had refrained from meddling with the Holy Virgin of Czestochowa. On the other hand, it ¡6 by no means impossible that he may have been poisoned by some unscrupu- lous fanatic, burning with indignation at the stupid and brutal outrage in- flicted upon tlie hallowed object of his or her adoration. Religious hatreds run high in such semi-barbarous coun- tries as Russia, and too often prompt unreasoning enthusiasts to perpetrate atrocious deeds in vindication of the sanctity of their pet, idols. " Do evil that good may come of it " is an axiom that recommends itself to the imper- fectly-developed intelligence of many superstitious people, who foolishly be- lieve that, in fulfilling some antique prediction they ¡ira the chosen instru- ments of Divine will. That the belief in ghosts and in all mininer of "spiritual manifestations" which could only take place if a reversal of natural law were admissible, should be still entertained in our " enlightened nge,;l is a lamentable proof of human weakness «nd credulity. The gigantic progress of science, the wide dissemination of philosophy, thc rapid developments of education, have of late years striven stanchly to uproot it, but in vain. At the present moment, in the most civilised countries of Europe, the number of people convinced or even influenced by scientific induction and deduction, com- pared to that swayed by superstition, is as one to a thousand. Science appeals to intelligent judgment, superstition to imagination. Science proves or dis- proves by logical processes based on demonstration ; superstition scorns reason and clings to faith, being gifted with that capacity for irrational belief which science utterly lacks. Physio- logists, invited to account for spectral apparitions pronounce them to be the offspring of indigestion, insanity, optical peculiarities, or liver complaint, and define them crisply as " mental illusions, generated by bodily derangement." Many imaginative persons incline to recognise the " disembodied spirit " as a missing link between the material world, of which they know very little and the immaterial world, of which they know nothing. Only a few months ago, two gentlemen who-being joint secre- taries to the Society for Psychicnl Re- search-ought to have known all that there was to be known about ghosts, differed from one another in every essential respect as far as their views of the typical . spectre were concerned. One of them expressed his conviction that a ghost was " a dead man walking in bis sleep "-a definition which, being being absolutely unintelligible, was suggestive of" muck assiduous thought and interesting speculation. The other eminent "Psychical Researcher" placed on record his absolute certainty that a spectral npjiarition was "a subjective phenomenon, called into being by the influence, conscious or unconscious, of one living intellect . upon another." This was a very alarming theory ; but fortunately for nervous and impression- able people it was nothing more. The wraith who called on the priest in St. Petersburg may have been a "dead woman. --wurlking in lier sleep," while Bishop Alexy may have been done to death by "the influence of one living intellect upon another." Both these contingencies appear to us equally im- probable; but who shall decide when adepts in psychical research disagree 1 