I TE MS OF; IT E #S. This members of the Bowling dub will hold their monthly meeting in thfi Tosm Hall to night. ; A meeting of the local Horticultural Society will be7 held in the Mechanics' Institute this evening, the chief business for7 transaction being a revision of the rules; Mr W. Adams reports having sold the sluicing claim at Doctors Hill, Donkey Gully, Campbells Creek, known as Nugent aud Co., to Mr T. Scott. . . . > Tbe Railway Commissioners have decided to recognise Foundation, Day. (January 26th) as a holiday, by issuing tickets at holiday excursion rates to and from all stations on January 24th and 26th, available for return; until January 31st. We are requested to state that at the last monthly meeting of the Argus Permanent Building Society the receipts ' for December were L5011 18s 4d. A considerable number of investing and paid-up shares at L5 2s 6d, and contributing and borrowing shares at L20 each were issued. , , , . The townspeople underwent considerable in convenience on Saturday forenoon owing to being deprived . of the water, supply.. This was occasioned through repairs.being ;effecfed to tbe fountain opposite the Post Office ; but It would have been more prndent if the Departmental authorities bad cut off the supply at a time when the water would be less required by tbe public than on a Saturday. The annual and enjoyable excursion down the Bay takes place next month, and 'a meeting will be held in the Town Hall to-night to make preliminary arrangements for the trip. Several important matters will be submitted for con sideration, and 'as the outing has : increased financially and become more popular each year, there is every likelihood of the forthcoming marine trip of the citizens and pioheefs being even more successful than its predecessors. "Mildura, its Progress and Prospects" is the subject of a.lecture that will be delivered in the Mechanics' Institute; to- night by; Mr Turhbull, M.A. A few months ago the lecture was de livered in Castleinaine, and it was of a very .interesting character, being: illustrated with splendid views "of Mildura, shown by aid of tbe sciopticon. MrTurribuU is a good lecturer,- and no doubt he will command a large audience this evening. The Mayor is to preside. . On Saturday at the monthly Fair 12 .horses, eight cows and three calves were penned. The horses were principally; medium draught, and realised from L2 to ld.0. Cows brought L4 7s 6d, and store cattle from L2 to L2 "10s. Several private sales were, as usual, effected, and this is a chief reason for the small number of live stock yarded for public auction at the; Fair; Some buyers and sellers prefer private -transac tions, although it is questionable whether better bargains are obtained in this manner. -' ( In the Bible Christian Church last night, the cantata, "Under the Palms," was again suc cessfully produced by a strong choir and. in. the presence of a very large congregation; "The soloists were the Misses A and E. Pottor, of Melbourne; Miss Berrinian ; ;.tbe Rev J. Chenhall and Mr L Lillycrap, and they ren dered their solos in capital style. . .. The. choruses were also well rendered, and Miss Berrinian, .as organist, played the. accompaniments tastefully, and with good judgment. All. who took, part in the rendition of the cantata- are to be con gratulated on the success achieved. The remains of the late Mr Wni. Spicer were brought from Melbourne on Saturday afternoon and interred in the 'cemetery at' Camubells Creek. The burial service Was rOad impressively by the Rev W. A Whitney, and in the Baptist Church last night the rev geritleinah preached; a funeral sermon respecting the deceased. The preacher based liis observations - upon the text,; "He was a good man and full of the Holy Ghost." The many good traits in the character of the late Sir Spicer were referred to, and, like Barnabas (to whom the words of the text wflre directed), he was a good man and Had' espoused Christianity for a very lengthened period; "At the inquest on the deceased in Melbourne,-, evidence was given to show, that lie -'suffered from rheumatism, and was (.soraewhat feeble". Deceased did not drink, and there was no reason why he should drown himself, . ; ,A..verdict was returned to the .effect that deceased died in a fainting fit. . ; . - ; Since Charlie Meadows, the Mexican, showed, at Harmston's Circus, what can- be done by way of lassoing men and horses, youths of the town7 have been experimenting ".with ropes on each other, but within the last few days, after seeing the cowboys in Wirtb. Brothers' Circus, the lassoing fever has infected- so'tnaiiy juveniles that they are to be seen at almost every stteet practising. Stumps; standing a couple. of feet high, are favourite objecte.for aiming at, but the juvenile attempts are- not .favourable at. even encircling these impassive' marks. . The rope goes direct enough, but it does -not open out into a loop. A cluster of half a dozen lads were seen the other day at the northern part of the town neat a man sitting dri'the kerbing,- and behind him was a large Newfoundland dog, which, it is to be supposed, would be a favourite quadruped for selection in the' abseiice of a horse, but this dog had teeth and. a rapacious mouth which may. have influenced the youths with discretion. They .expertly, .threw their lassoes not at the dog, .hut at tke. more certain tempered game— their playmates. - - The New Tear piirt of -'TfieToung Ladies' Journal.' .opens well with a iiOsv stb;' entitled "A Waiting Race," by the' author, of tome stories that have been great favourites in this 'Journal.': Ball and fancy-ball dresses abound in tlie.pages, as well as some very pretty fancy work, and articles of furniture for . home decora tion. ; There are many excellent-arid .seasonable cookery recipes. Some; pretty' -verste, pretty music, amusing, puzzles,' ifl the- forin of bhried (proverbs, double acrosticSi: c; i sohie etiquette articles, eveiiiug amusements, and a host of other tilings which combine to ; inake "The Young Lidies' Journal ' attractive to all the members of a family. There are three suppie, meiits, two of wlucii are coloured ;; one eppsista of a plate of Parisian .-fashions,' of twenty-four :' figures ; another is compdsed df a variety of . arti cles iri fancy work, and the -third - gives fashion illustrations for all occasions.'ns well as a full-size pattern for ladies' walking- jacket, ' of the' latest Paris fashion. ' The Youim Ladies' Journal ' is -cheap as well'a8 good, as tne 'part, with all its supplements,' is but 9d per month. , . .. ' A congregational meetiiig waa held at All ;Saints' Church, Fryerstown, on Monday even ing (5th inst.) for the purpose of -submitting the .balance-sheet, electing a new committee, and diking into consideration ways and means for (the ensuing year.' Air' Kay officiated as chair man, and. made a few.comments on the financial (condition of the'church,' and offered' certain sug gestions ; as . to its future - government. The re- ceipts for the past year amounted to L56 9s lOd, (which, with a balance in hand from 1889 of LI 18s, made a totnl.of L58 7s lOd. The expendi- .turO was L576s, leaving .a balance in .band of LI Is lOd. The assets amounted to L3'6s lOd, while; the liabilities were L23 0s 8d; leaving a :deficieney of L19 13s lOd. The following1 gentle- - men were elected for the new committee, viz. : i— Messrs M. Amos, M. T, Amos,. J. . Bister, R. (Lister, and J. W. Roberts. It was resolved .that a tea-meeting be held on February 8th (next, and that the. ladies of the congregation ((selected), be authorised to collect subscriptions (forthwith ; also, that a second tea-meetingbe jheld -in November, next, tho jirofits resulting (from such meetings .to be exclusively devoted to 'the clearing off of : the present- debt on the churcli. It was also resolved that in conse- qiieiice of the financial state of the church the services of the sexton be dispensed with. Great ifegret.wto expressed at ,tbe meeting at the fall- : ihg off iii-the attendance at the church services, and the' loss of so many liberal and eiiergetic supporters dijjjng the past year ; hut the Chair- man, however, was hopeful; thatj.jjy and united action sufficient fui would . be realised to meet the necessary expenses M management On the Sunday immediately pre ceding the tea-meeting on February 8th, the Teh Archdeacon M'Cullagh will officiate at tee church, holding special services, (f w will also take a prominent part iii the proceedings at th public meeting, and be accompanied .by the K-ev Jlr Evans. The tea-meeting is beiug looked forward to with great interest #nd is likely to be as successful as last meetiiig, which realised a net profit of L10 10s. , , The announcement in our telegrams of the actual finding of the Quetta rock; - at.enoe .re vives a very sorrowful memory, and suggests (says the Sydney 'Herald ') what is almost like a hew terror to " those that go down to the sea in ships." The guiibdat Piilutna, after an absence of eight months searching those seas; lias returned to tell the discovery, of, the rock on which the Quetta struck ;' a coral reef no more than 50 yards across, with a:inuuinum depth .of water of nine feet. ! There is somethihg -almost terrifying in this simple recital. : There, in sw usually placid as a lake, which has been traversal for years by crowded passenger ships, atofull speed, has been lying concealed at.sudh a(, depth as to show no wash, and. jret sufficient to, wreck any steamer, that came across it, a formation built- up from great depths by thosolittle mance workers that have raised : up a thousand islands in coral seas. That no sdeh coral reef ,was sus pected in those smooth tropical waters, is only what is true of marty a thousand other leagues of ocean that are traversed overy year by voyagers ; and it is a startling fact that in not one of the seas where these coral formations exist— and the little coral insects are for ever working— is there the smallest certainty : that similar pinnacles of coral reef are not reanng themselves aloft out of nearly fathomless depths. It is a peril this against which it seeirts possible to make no provision. Several specimens of that rare fish; thobomto, were caught at Port Fairy on -Friday. They weighed from 101b to 201b each. It is over 20 years since any were last seen on the coast. - - - A man named W. O'Connor,- a .harvest hand, was brought before tbe Tatunt Police. Court on Friday, charged with , lighting' a. fire qn Mr Winter's Dhurringile estate and not extinguish ing the same. He was fined L10 or one.month's imprisonment.: . During 1890 there were 92 insolvencies and 89 assignments in South Australia. . Amongst these there were 43 farmers' arid stock-holders, 13 agents and sharebrokera, and 7 15 storekeepers. The totals are the lowest for the past seven yeare. -V Three yoiing children belbrigifig to a widow named Barker,; living at-.Waikari, Canterbury, were poisoned by taking oxalic acid which - they found in a stable. The lives of two were - saved -by administering emetics, but the eldest, a boy of six.died in great agony. ; _ . . ;. . In the Macleay district duritig tile pist year the local distilleries-have turned out. 197,648gal. :of proof spirits, on wbicli' duty to the anitiunt of L138.357, Is has been, jiaid ; 42,0E(3cwfc of molasses .was .used; in the manufacture. The I yield; of sugar ifor the: year -.was nearly 90,000 mats. : :-,:' . A raid has been made.on-.the .flying. foxes-on 'the Hastings River (NsS,W.) During thefirst day 900 "wereshot, and on, the (second day 50007 The aiiimunition was partly supplied by the'Gb- vernment. The residents are now subscribing money to purchase a large stock 6f ammunition, when another attack ..will be. made, A serious accident 'is reported Ifrom" Mincha, near Miiiainb. ' Mr' D. IlaVes. S welTknown re- sident, was. riding after-kangaroos on, a , Mood maire, wheii she put her fbot in a grass-covbred hole, and the rider, came down heavily. , The bones in one hand are broken, both wrists; injured, aiid Mr Hayes continues wnconscious, owing to con-, cussion of the brain. The captaiiTand erew of the barque Nptero arrived at Auckland on Friday by the Wainui from Samoa; The Notero ; struck a' f submerged reef near Hooland Xsland, unmarked on the chart. All efforts to float -her off were futile, 'and the vessel making water rapidly all hands took to the boats aiid "landed iiext morning,- after spending a perilous night. ; , The Vessel became a total wreck, and the cargo .was .lost. „ The Notero was insured for.LlSdO in a( Now Zeabind office. ' ; ; ,'..,.'1 - 'i ... All hope' of finding the. body of- Garnet,, -who was drowned in the Pridc of Ferudale .mine at Tighb's Hill,7 ncrtrNowcastlo,': has-been aban doned.' The" puthping gear,; the (tram rails, 17 skips, and a quantity - of hewti ebalj altogether worth L10OO, are' totally 1 lost. ' Thr0' mitie " has heen at wotk for five ytore';' but' great difficulty was. experienced in ' getting;' the shaft: down. Garnet was 45 years of age, aiid leaves a Wife, who is in such weak health that'it is feared that the' shock occasioned by her husband's fate will cause her death. ! .A serious explosion occurred at St Peters, a suburb of Sydney, on TueMay' afthriibon,' when a. boiler at Vickery'a TulcantCr.eek Brick Works burst and blew" out'at hbtn' ends,' As -'showing the force of the explosion', 'blacksmith, Ben nett, who was in the blacksmith's shop, at a dis tance of 09 "feet away, (Wits -knocked down;: The engineer, ' Kirbyj and four others were Btunned by. the sliocki and were -all; severely .sOaldecL They were all badly burnt about the bdy -and arms, and if is c6nSidei-cd: altiiost' miraculpu4 that no one was killed. . . ' (:' ;i 77 - A girl, about i9 y<krs . ef age, 'named 'Atriiie Smith, who is serving cumulative ; stetehces amounting te:M-mont'(jihjri5bt.'.(Mi-' ceny, .managed to escape from the,' Melbouruo Gaol about 8 o'clock oil Friday night. She liad been employed as servant) in ; the house of the governor of the gaol, Colonel Bull. It is thought that she escaped by a door which leads into a garden liy the side 'of the prison, and -from which she Could walk into the street without having; to pass a sentry. .The prisoner is described ;ae being 19 yeafs'of age, 5ft 6in . higll, 'of ihecliiim build, of the escape has. beeu sent lo( ,ill. the police sW;' tions; - I- ,,ii, ,- . .-. - , , ... \| - 1 , '. TWo' accidents ' happened > in-' the Milton diw- net on ' Thureday witli dairy machinery; - t A' Mtle girl, a .daughter of Jambs the flywheel , of J a... crram-Se)M.tpr;' .and 'fhoiigh7 every stitch of clothing ivaA torn'1 off ( lief-. Wo escaped unhurt.; .In the , second "ease.'. ahiibtier little girl, named Besrie.(3a(rfod,.'the idoptei daughter of Dr T. Leany, of Spring Hill, wW (playing, about a dairy, when her dress becanio entangled in the driving shift 'of -thS. cream- separator, and she was killed instantly her :body: being terribly- maugled.: : At the inquest the- jury, recommended that; all -shafting and; I gearing should be boxed and proteoted. - . -; - | , The steamer , Palmeratcn, which arrived at' | Sydney on'Friday, broughtparticularsdf atragedy. : which : occurred , at Tutuila(,' an islahd of the' (Samoan group, on Christmas eve.'. Two'. sailora ihroke their leave hud siyam aahore- from (the : American war ship Iroquois on the evening meh- jtioned; They appear to1 have reached the shore .safely. But only one turned ; up on board next day. " Inquiries were set oh foot for the missing iman, hut no traces of . him were found until .some hours after, . when' his body was found .floating alongside the; ship 'decapitated, and minus an arm and leg: Up to the' time of the departure of the Palmereton no . trace of the murderer has been, fotuidt' .though suspicion rested on one of the deceased's, companions. Tho name of tho murdered man was Power. Vea?1 burning happened- at Middle Creek, nine miles from Beaufort, ' on Friday morriing, the victim being a lad named George Gordon, aged 13 years, boarded out from the Baliarat industrial School. The old Prince of Wales Hotel, on the Ararat-road, occupied for some years by .Mr David J)unn aa a - private residence, was completely gutted! It Was an old weatherboard building, consistin" ten "mis Tho origin of the fire is not known had previously heen found asleep w Uriitng in his Mfcdhi, Mid (Is the fire origi- hatfed there, lk ik sllpilosed tllnt it was brought about ill this Wartfier. M' Dunn wasawakeued by the noise of the burnhigi ahd having placed his wife (an old lady 63 years of age) in safety, tried to rescue the boy by bursting, ;open his bedroom door. The flames spread with great rapidity, however, and Dunn was driven back after getting his hands badly burned. The charred remains of the boy were found near tho door, and it appeared as though lie had endmi- voured to escape, but was overpowered by the smoke and flames. Miss Houston, daughter of a gatekeeper on the Creswick to Daylesfofd lino, ifict with a serious accident on Wednesday, which; it is feared) will terminate fatally. She was en gaged opening the gates for the 7.45 p.m. goods train to pass through, but before she had the second half of the gate open the engine came on to the gate and knocked the young woman some distn'ned, causing a aevete fracthro of the brain.' Dik Allen arid Colquhouri were in attendeneAim- niediatcly, arid pronounced the case almost hope less. The train iri question, although timed for each day, only runs when the business , warrants it, the preceding, train notifying when the goods train will run. .< 