SOME CUSTOMS OF AUSTRALIAN ABORIGINES. [Gentleman's Magazine.] While the medicine men, 'blackfellow doc- tors," claim the power to heal diseases and re- move spells, they are also prepared to inflict evil for a consideration. They are not only doctors (maykeeka), but wizards and adepts in magical arts. To enumerate their practices would fill a volume. A brief notice must suffice. Undoubtedly they understand, and make use of, the hypnotic art. Throwing the subjects into a deep sleep, they will compel them to see visions, reveal secrets, and even pine and die. The possession of some part of the belongings of the subject expedites the magician's plan. This is less wonderful than it appears. The imagination has greater power than is supposed, especially over undisciplined minds. Some black seers are popularly supposed to be able to command the elemental spirits, fetch back de- parted spirits, and render ghosts visible at camp fires. Hypnotism renders this explicable. Of the practices attributed to these men, that of "taking kidney fat" from their victims is most feared. Belief in their power to accomplish this prevails through the entire continent. In in- numerable instances persons have died, believ- ing themselves victims of this art. So real does it seem, that hypnosis is clearly at the basis of the practice. Thus, among the Kurnai, the brewin or wizards, are thought to cast the victims into sleep by pointing at them with the yertung — a bone instrument made from the fibula of a kangaroo. Among the Wotjobaluk the victim, after being half strangled, is laid upon his back; then the bangal or wizard gets astride of his chest, opens the right side, and extracts the fat from the kidneys. He then joins the cuts, and, after singing his spell, bites them to render the opening scarless. After this he retires, and sings a magical melody, which awakens the victim, causing him to stagger, wondering how he came to be "sleeping out there." It is believed that by partaking of a man's fat the eater acquires his victim's strength. So also it is thought that human fat brings good hunting, causes spears to fly true to their mark, or the waddie to deal resistless blows. For men who can accomplish wonders upon the human form divine, "rain making" must indeed be a commonplace undertaking. It is, therefore, not surprising to find that, throughout Australia, wizards are credited with the possession of this power, which they exer- cise in various ways — not always, it must be ad- mitted, with stisfactory results. In the Ta- ta- thi tribe the rainmaker uses a piece of transpa- rent white quartz, which he wraps in emu feathers, having first broken off a small piece, which he spits up towards the sky. The quartz and feathers are then soaked in water, and afterwards carefully hidden. Among the Myappe the entrails of an opossum are steeped in water for some days; when decomposing they are taken out. This, it is believed, will always cause rain. Or a native cat is skinned and hung on a tree for the purpose. It has been stated that the Australian tribes are wholly without religion. This is an error. They believe that the god who comes down at the boorrah is good and powerful; that he saves them by his strength; that he is very ancient, but never grows older. The Mycoolon tribe be- lieve in life, after death, in Yalairy — the road to which is the Milky Way. Here a spirit will look after them, and here they will find trees, water, game, dogs and their women and children. The practice of knocking out the two front teeth is a religious one. Those who have been so mutilated will have clear water to drink, while others will only have muddy water. The Jump-up-white-fellow idea, or reappearance after death as a white man, is likewise indicative of religious faith, and belief in a life after death. The Wathi-Wathi believe that traps are set for the spirits of bad men; if they escape these they fall into hell fire. The Ta-ta-thi say that a "doctor" once ascended into the sky, and saw a place where wicked men were burnt. Tharamu- lun is believed in as the Supreme Being, but his name is secret, and is only imparted at the initiation ceremony. The women only know that a great spirit lives beyond the sky; thy call him Papang, or father. These are ancient be- liefs, although a careless observer might deem that they had been borrowed from the white men. The funeral rites of the tribes further indi- cate the existence of a belief that men die, not as a dog dieth. The tribes on the Page and the Isis, when about to bury their dead, dig a round well-like hole, in which they kindle a fire. When it is burnt, they carefully collect the ashes on a piece of bard and throw them out. They then inter the dead in a sitting posture. It may be this is an analogous custom to that of some races which bury their dead under the hearth- stone. Whatever belongs to the deceased — weapons, rugs and valuables — are buried with him. Then logs are placed across the grave, level with the ground, and roofed over with bark, upon which a mound of earth is raised. Ser- pentine lines are carved upon two trees to the north-west of the grave. They say the "black will rise up white fellow." Among the En- counter Bay tribes all the apertures of a corpse are sewn up. The person who performs this service runs some risk if he does not provide himself with a good string; as, if the string should break, it is attributed to the displeasure of the deceased, who is supposed to make known in this manner that he has been charmed by him. In the same manner, if the small quill used as a needle fails to penetrate the flesh easily, the slightest movement, caused by press- ing the blunt point into the flesh, is supposed to be spontaneous motion on the part of the corpse, and to indicate that the sewer had caused the death. The Wailwun make great wailing over the dead, They sometimes keep up the nightly lamentation for a year or longer. As a sign of mourning both sexes plaster their heads over with mud or pipe clay, and then gash them- selves with hatchets. At the funeral they dress themselves in different styles, some wearing head dresses. When a fat man dies they place his body in a forked tree, and anoint themselves with the grease which drops from him. They suppose that this makes them partakers of his health, strength and virtue. They eat the heart and liver of the dead for the same reason. This tribe buries its dead usually in round or oblong graves. The Kamilaroi cut figures on the trees which grow round the graves, as marks of re- spect to the dead. Among the Dieyerie tribe cannibal practices of a disgustiong description are common as parts of funeral rites. The rea- son assigned is that the nearest relatives may soon forget the departed, and not be continually crying. It is to be observed that these people do not eat their enemies, but their friends, and that they do this according to prescribed rule. This is the order in which they partake of their relatives: - The mother eats of her children, the children of their mother. Brothers-in-law and sisters-in-law eat of each other. Uncles, nephews, aunts, nieces, grandparents and grand- children do the same. But the father does not eat of his offspring, nor the offspring of their father. In Wide Bay the bodies to be eaten are first skinned, and the skin is wrapped round a bundle of spears. This relic is carried about with the tribe. In the native wars, in some parts of the country, the men who are killed are eaten by their friends. If they die from wounds during the night they are eaten in the morning. A large hole is dug, and the body is cooked therein in one piece. The inside is not eaten, but buried. The bones are either buried or placed in a hollow tree. Children, too, are eaten when they die. This strange race is fast disappearing. It may be that the child is even now born who shall hear the last aborigine chant, Shield of Burre, spear and club, Throwing stick of Berar bring; The broad boomerang of Waroll, Waist belts and pendants, apron of Boodon Jump! jump! use your eyes, With the straight emu spear. 