VISIT OF THE BISHOP OF MELBOURNE. I ' ' THE AFTERNOON SERVICB. /; i The Lord Bishop of Melbourne (Dr F. F. j3oe) administered the rite of- confirmation to about 60 candidates (representing .the parochial schools) at Christ Church' yesterday' 'afternoon. A large number of the 'earididates iwero females, who were, nicely attired; in 'white.. The church was. filled, amongst thosp., present . being Mrs Goe. The Rev E. A.: ' Crawford assisted in the - service, which was -opened with the . cus tomary devotional exercises. ./ Mr MacLean presided at the organ. | Prior to administering the- rite, tho Bishop delivered an address: to tho candidates, in the 'course of which he pointed out lucidly that they Hvere assembled together under very impressive circumstances. Great praiso.' wns due to;- tho Rey E.' A. Crawford and others, who had exerted: themselves in preparing the candidates for the holy and blessed sacrament they were jiiliout to receive. In receiving the holy rite of confirmation, they were, renewing ;tlie, baptismal jvows made for them by their sponsors. " Boforo :they stood up to utter,: the words required by the church; :His;, Lordship, wished ,,to remind thoni of tho solemn promises made for them by tli eirlf godfathers japd.:fibdiiiethers::wlion)'-j-tlie jCandidates were unable . to promise ' for" them- iselves. Their own will, conscience and resolu tion had nptbing wlmtevjer.too withit. The ciiso ,wns diffiir ent no'wV as Godli'ad bestowed on |tnem the niGaning of the blessed rite tliey were about to receive.- Thoy would,- in pruiiouneing jtlie words, " I do," renew the promises made ifor them, in baptism, , which wore to renounce the world; theAesh and-tho devil, and keep'arid observe' the comrnandments ofiGod. ;To receive ,tho nto of ; confirmation, was a duty exacted by Qoa, and it 6hould'. bo - recyived" worthily with' 'fervour and .'devotion,' He hoped'' God would Ipour blessings upon-them'; because ofHhoir 'owii jindividual desire < and object Of" 'sbryitij" ' and Qoying IJin? witli psiro Jntini(m We JBishpb exnprted thenajdate'. t'o reflootr fieripualy on the goodness and , me'rpyof God,; and endea to iive pure and 'holy lives' <-hy obsorvin" tho commandments, of Gpd qud' fulfilling , their pre- i.1 ; j?S?- tp;- Irtrasbip W.FP PPrfoFm,m tjie cerphjony, namely;''layipg hw hands on th.eir,lieads wheh.adnaihisforing'the n?e,; 1)0, said there, were .two.reasoijpyfDr'sq doing, , (Firstly, it was done in imitatinn of tlio apostles. Pe"p!t brouglif from Judaism into tlie Ghureh-of -Ghnst the apostle's laid their hands on their heads' thatuthoy might receive tho gift of the Holy Ghost. Secondly, "the certified by the beautiful sign of- God'e tHbor- nacle'-and- goodness towards them. If' tlie'-rito wore received PUfia And ,holy' .intentions, would: be -blessed and happy! VJ p.0.?l1IJ/:fin.c'uded''1>y oxhorngAiffo-pan- didales to pray,, to God earppstlv in Alieid hearts jtliat Ho would pour- forth his blessings on them (When itliey-wore tepewinR tliqir, ii.aptwmalsqv.ows liiake mn'ro- misesl'teyi lyorQj1 about'/ ftp I . The rite having been administered,'' Dr : Goe delivered another address to the oindidates. ' "ley -been confirmed Jhey- liad ratiOed Jha promises uindq J,y their sponsors in , They were now rospon- piblo for thc dutiefi of their station in life the J«fPoi)sib;lity, no-longer. rested upon their ejimI- tathors, tMid," goditibthcrai //The candidfttes-hivd %'.r p«ro infontwn, And by the graee- of God m larger 'measiir&'.V.Tbev , will gradually increase or grow in God's Holy PP?V!b n)ore ,nnd more- Thoy wero full members pf the church, could bo admitted to rccoive the jLordp supper, arid: the Lord would bo In close I them. God was always in iiii-. The - -'t,!i S"U,a 0f His PpV Ifio, Bishop enjoined the candidates and' their ofrthe LnVd' ttend church regularly and partake pf the Lord H supper. Ho also advised and ex- horted , all Jo ; load pure and spotless lives to readthoir Bible daily (as Arolibishop l'ait! of Canterbury, advised), and to offer a refined ?ZeV?rrhV0 Him wl, was the perfee- sawt is-ai-a Tr, -il ' SJUIVICE. ohSM, eVOmng ;®Wico was Imld in tho phurch. ths congrogatmj, being large, nlthoueh F' A pUm®ro"sasjn the aftornoon. The Rov The sermon was preached by tho Blslmn -Haayen fie l#.eped .unto ten vireins „t.- , thr lamps, --pflid wept forth to H , jlnd ;«vApf them were 1 fooffgis- Lordshrp ; ohservodit fho beginning of the parable of the ton description is afforded -of the Ki, jlr®lns » Heaven. In aooordaneo with the 111 language of the scripture, the Lord /t.eviWs ;sen,todhs tt.o ihridegroom; uod ten ivirot" thoir lamps and go forth to meet him tliem were wise and five were foolish m? of that .were foolish took their. laniDs W Tl,ff with them, But the ,wjse:'tdok oil i„n?/oiJ' vessels with their lamps. Tliev all Bln v. 8'' whilst the bridegroom tarried, i„d the cry arose, -Behold, the bridogroom „ go ye out to meet him." Then all the arose and trimmed their lamps, and it .J1!?'11 that the foolish said unto the wise, " Gi your oil, for our lamps are gone out ""ito0' so," answered the wise, "lest there h oiipugh for us aod you ; but go ye rather to\hr! that se)l and buy, for yourselves." The n't scripture was the holy emblem of God S 10 spirityiil , and sanctifying,; influonoe alon'e kindle .the flame of piety within us. His I ship . referred to' , the callousness . and indiff enee that -was. too -often shown itt . ' neetion with, church work. Thero must Hi more devotion - to duty in the service of and mote pains taken, to keep our lamps burnt There were many people who, when snokcnT in regard to attending divine worship said ,i . they soiifl; their, wives and -children to chuS and they . considered that was sufficient ii 1 must pot think that becaiiso tliey did this iu such aiiswpp wilj Jio .accepted by the Blaster f their - not : having sufficient oil in their Tho Bishop enjoined his hearers not to leave replenishing!' of their .lamps iwith: oil to the ki momeiif,- for it - was' iwritten, " Ho shnli com again/with; 'glory -to v- judge, the muick and the dend."- '"There, is eternal rest and hnni)jn.„ for . all God s children. " Wo have gone forth to meet the . bridegroom let' us "beware that oar stock of oil,' is not ekhahsted.' We must give aU diligeitpft, to;'im)iUe'p)A'.'cailln|f and election and .we;:must-let oiir loins be girded and our lamps kept burning. : His Lordship concluded his practical, discpurse ,-by remarking that the pffertory.at the service was to bo devoted to the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund, which was indij. pensable.;.': He trusted that they would do -their best to - maintain that fund, from which nun ministers .to. the .various parishes are supplied , The choir efficiently rendered Whitfield's ser. vice; with Mr- MaoLean as organist. . 