BREVITIES. From tbe latest English 8I»* lo hand we take tbe following interesting Items : Tbe Queen presented a handsome silver tea set to the bead gardener at Windsor Castle on ',I)Ih retirement, after bavins bad charge of the Frogmore Gardens for over 20 years. The Prince of Wales attended the grouse Iu tbe Highlands, and, as usual, shot in kid gloves. The Queen, having been approaobed, hna offered to set opart suitable land at Hempton Wick, an allotments for tbe use or working men. Tbe Queen of R mmaolA Iiuh Iipimi stay tug at Lake Maggiere, wlierx she wn* visited by the Queen of Italy. 8hr- millers from pains In the head, and spends most of her time In a hammock, with closed eyes. Blip fep|n the departure of ber Mnid of Honour, Mdlle. VacareRco, whom the Crown Prince, for State reasons, wan pre vented from marrying. It Is feared thai the Q'leen's mind iB going. She sent for ber physician one day, and read to him a fairy story which she had dictated to her lady companion. Tbe Queen lost her only child, a girl, some years since, and tbe King adopted as bis beir Prince Ferdlnard. A dinner was eiven nt the Siamese Legation iu London in honour of the King of Slam, rt was attended by u brother of tbe King and four young princes, sous or the king, who are being educated in England. Tbe Siamese stu dents In this country were also present, During tbe absence from town of the Lord Mayor, Sir Andrew Lusk presided at the Mansion House. He is 81 years of age, and runs up to London from Brigh ton each morning. Royal personages, it appears, havetbelr hobbies. The Prince of Wales collects pipes. The Czar haB a fondness for stamps aud birds' eegs. Tbe German Emperor and the Kings of Roumanla and Swarian have a fancy for autographs. The Queen of Italy collects shoes and Cloves tbat have been worn by monarobs. More than one royal personage collects coins. Mr. Irving unveiled a memorial statue of Christopher Marlowe, poet, actor, and dramatist, outside the gates of Canterbury Cathedral. Monday, September 21, was tbe fiftieth anniversaryof thnopening of the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway. A school is to be started in London l-y the Fi»n makers' Company to improve (he art of English fan- paiuting. Tbe course of instruction will iuolude painting on gauze, silk, and satin. Toe Board of Trade returns show tbat out of 5289 candidates for tbe mercantile service 63 were found to he colour blind. Australasia was InclJoVd io tbe postal union after October 1. Letters to all of these colonies, including New Guinea and Fiji, go for 2}. per Jnz , postcards Id. each, and newspapers Id. for 4 z. Two young gentlemen, brothers, pur pose livings Robinson Crusoe lire on hu uninhabited island off the Cornish coast, tbe tease of which tbey have purchased. Tbe island, which i-- three miles from Padstow, is 250 yards long and 60 broad, and bas hitherto been the baunt of sea birds. Mr. Mellor, of Hough Hole, near Mac clesfield, wbo recently died at the age of 91, was interred in bis own garden, where also are buried several members of bis family. This earden is a favourite resort, it being laid out to illustrate Bunyan's 11 Pilgrim's Progress,' and in which Mr. Mellor regularly conducted a religious service. He cut and carved his own tombstone years ago, Bad had been a veeetarlau for 30 years. Plums were so plentiful in Kent that tbey hardly paid for picking. The price tbey fetched in the London market did not pay tbecarriage and commission. An English snake, nearly 9 feet long, was killed close to Corfe Castle, Swanage. An English firm of manufacturers took out h patent for some new fabric. Lfuen of the very same texture bas recently been discoveied wrapped round the mummies of people who lived in tbe time of Moses.- A pneumatic Inner sole for bouts bas been brought out. It is made of hollow iodiarubber inflated witb air, and in tended for people wbo have tender feet. Seventeen dressmakers at work in Man chester threw up tbe windows and screamed ' murder,' declaring that tbey bad been terrified by a ghost. Crowds have been assembling nightly in Jarrow to watch for tbe gbosi of a young lady wbo was supposed lo roam about a fa-iuse-tnp. A gentleman was about to sell bis PBtate at Brain tree, owing to failure to find water after several borings. As a last resort he decided to try the divining rod, by which means water was quickly discovered. A wedding parly arrived nt a church at Holborn, but after waiting a long time (he bride failed to put in an appearance. When it was all too late she arrived, and burst into tears on learning that tbe marriage must be postponed. A proposal to swim the Channel be tween Grisnez and Dover bad to be abandoned, owing to the rough weather, A jm«n remained In tbe eea for six bours near Brighton, thus winning a wager of £1700. 4i Newcastle a man succeeded In row ing a quarter of a mile, riding a bicycle a quarter of a mile, running 440 yards and swimming a like distance, and riding a horse tbe same number or yards, all within tbe space of 13 minutes. A Government clerk in London con sented to damages, amouutlng to £1000, for breach of promise. Over 1000 letters have passed between tbe couple. Bills valued at £100,000 were stolen from a case In a city bank. As tbe loss was quickly discovered, notice was Rlveu to tbe banks Interested, rendering '?he bills valueless. Mr. Fielden, M.P., while deerstalking in Scotland, fell down the precipitous face of a mountain, but waa caught Id tbe descent by a gamekeeper, wbo, making a spring, seized him as be fell upon a ledge of rock 20ft. below tbe summit of tbe crag, end overhanging a preolpice 1000ft. deep. It was six bours before (be Injured M.P. and the gillie could be rescued from their perilous position. A young man was fined at Lambeth Police Court for obtaining sweetmeats from Bn automatic machine by deposit ing a piece of metal tbe size of a penny, Spurious coin?, it was said, find their way very freely into these machines. At Marylebone a man wbo bad previ ously been fined was gent to gaol fo 14 days for selling hill a hundredweight of coals defiolent by 8 ll-. A middle-aged woman was eeutenced at tbe Old Bailey to three days Imprison mAnt for bigamy, her second husband being 18 years old. Another Jackson case came before tbe North London Police Couat. A Mrs. Jackson did not wish to live with her husbarjd, becauBP, as she alleged, lierilrt not support ber, and, ft« die doclurad, helped blantelflo her money. For this sbu charged him with stealing. Tbe magistrate discharged tbe accused, deolar Ingthat a wire, unless she had a legal separation, had no right to shut ber bouse against ber husband. A vanman in Glasgow was obarged with selling pauper bodies for dissecting purposes at 5p, each Instead of delivering them for burial. A sham detective, wbo married several young women In order to possess himself of tbeir eaylnge, was senteooed at tbe Old BMIvy to five yean' peulHrrltbde. A rasn received n similar sentence for forging ti register of death of n young woman, unknown to her, nnd who I' hIIM alive, In order to nlituln her insur ance money, A cashier charged with def rending bis master, Sir Henry Peek, of £15,000 was xentenCHii to 10 years' penal servitude. A man who made thi? acquaintance of a family living In the. Strand, and wbo (?(?ducted the daughter a young girl under 10, w«r sent to gaol for six months. A man residing at Harleedeu abducted a younjr girl whom be professed to engage us n typewriter, and wan sentenced to nine months' Imprisonment. The clothes belonging to a servant-girl having been discovered nu the pier at Blytli, together with a farewell letter to her sweetheart, it wbb thought certain that Him had committed sulolde. Some dayc after she was accidentally met In Newcastle. A Brooklyn merchant want to bathe at Coney Island. His clothes were found on tlin beach, and bb be did not return be was mourned an dead. A telegram to his family from a distant port, purporting to come from him, and asking for money, was regarded as bd attempted fraud. It eventually transpired that while swim ming he was carried Rome miles out to ?ea, and was picked up by an outward bound veasel. Sir George Grey proposes a Legislative Chamber for New Zealand composed en tirely of women, which would replaoethe present Upper House. Some independent witnesses declare that they beheld the sea serpent oft tbe cnant of New 55 'aland. It is said to have beeu 100 ft. loug. A fatal case of cholera was reported from Kilburn. Tbe obituary of the week ending Sep tember 24 Inoludes: Mr. Robert Austin, general secretary or tbe Amalgamated Society of Engineers, whole likely to be succeeded by Mr. Tom Mann ; Mrs. Kll bam of Mexborougb, aged 103; Mr. Samuel Brown, a well-known LeedB banker, wbo suddenly expired at bis ehootlng-box in Scotland. 