Fergus Campbell. (Continued. "I besought her not to yield to his unreasonable prejudice, but she stood in the Bishop's Walk, white as a ghost, and bade me good-by. I told ber she bad not the heart of a woman .or she could not send "toe away, " I did not go to Italy, for my ambition had vanished. How could I sing with sDcb a heavy heart ? I cbose the life of a recluise. I came to Montreal ard scratched oat such a living as my pen would yield. " Morrison was so mortified by his political defeat that be could not bide in Dunblane. He and bis daughter Went to live in Pittsburg. I learned of this'through a Dunblane newspaper. " As yesterday was my birthday, Bradford, I made some resolutions. I resolved that I would waste no more time. For ten years I have bided in this bouse, hugging a foolish hope that Mallie Morrison might some day wish to recall me, and knowing that it would be easy to trace me here. But last night I resolved to go away and complete my study. of music. I told m yself that maybe the lass'was married and had forgotten the Blshopr'-s-Walk, v - ; "It was midnight when I went to bed. This old house seemed -desolate, andl could not eleép. I heard the clock strike 2, 3 and 4, and then—man, I cannot describe it, but I had • the most horrible sensation I ever experienced. Nothing but death coold give it. A sweat was on my lips and forehead. My breath came laboriously. My .pulse ceased, and tbe action of my heart was imperceptible. I knew I was dying. I tried to rally. My life has not been what I desired, yet I was wildly eager to live. I tried desperately to east 08 the dreadful lethargy into which I was sinking. I tried to cry out for help, but could not,make & sound. I was straggling with death, and such a fight it was that I shudder when I recall it. I was keenly, cruelly alive to the fact that my feet were like ice, and that the cold was creeping np my limbs towards my heart. My tongue dove to the roof of my mouth; my respiration grew slower and slower, and finally ce&sed; ; my heart had stopped beating, my jaw dropped, and I was dead. " During my life I had Always believed in a dual existence—a bodily and a spiritual one. Now this duality was proven. My spirit left my body and stopped to look at the house it had tenanted. With my spiritual vision I saw my eyes. close and my limbs grow rigid. I saw that . I was dead ! " My mental faculties remained, bnt I had no control of my. actions. My spirit was myBteriously horne from the room, from the house and from (die town. Î travelled in mid air and with a velocity that appalled me. I cannot describe my sensations. I cannot say that the wind rushed into my face, for I had no face. I cannot say that my head s warn, for I had no htesad.- And yet I felt that the wind was blowing cold and wet, and the awfnl swiftness of my locomotion filled me- With terror. I kept thinking 'I'm dead, and where am i going? Iam pretty high np, and am devoutly, thankful I had been regarding Campbell with curiosity as wall m suspicion.. Somotimwi l believed that he was manufacturing his dream or vision or ghost story out of : whole cloth. I was tempted to rate him soundly for trying .to make a fool of me, but something in bis manner restrained me. "I was not up too high,"he continued, " to Bee where I was travelling. I wàs passing over Albany, tor t saw the outline of a building that most have been the capitol. I. continued southward with the same awfnl impetus, passing over towns that I supposed were Kingston, Newburg and Wèst Point. Ï followed the Hudson until Ï came to New Jersey, and went over to the interior of that state. All this time I was .wondering whether the atmosphere was peopled by other spirits than mine. Was mine the only soul that was destined to travel in this eccentric fashion ? Some of my friends had died, and, in the awful stillness and loneliness of that hour, I longed for their companion ship. But the air was empty, and only my spirit was astir. " I changed my course at length and went westward. I seemed to be crossing over the State of Pennsylvania. Suddenly I thought I knew where I was going, and, Bradford. ! can give you no idea of the agony I exp rienced at the discovery... I was. passing over a dark, country, and beyond me 'was a hideousiight." luould'see no^juftdings, but I saw a blaze of firè that filled me with" horror. It was below me, and às it belched oat in all its land intensity I thought I knew what it was. Man alive! I thought I was going to hell as fast as I could travel, and that nothing eoald save me. It was not the infernal regions, after all. It was your boasted town of Pittsburg J The fire that had frightened me was from the iron founderies, tbe copper smelting mills, and the oil refineries, for which tue place is famous. I could feel the air hot with their fiery breath. I passed them and a caébedrai, and finally I reached a suburb of the town. Then I went slower and lower, and at last stopped before a dwelling. In an upper room a lamp was horning, and a woman's shadow occasionally fell upon the curtain. I knew it was Mailie Monisoa's even before she stopped. at the window and looked out. Bradford, it was my lass, grown older, but with the same sweet face that I had last seen-in the Eishop's'Walk. An instaut later her father jerked the curtains aside and stood beside her. He was horribly changed. His eyes were bloodshot, his face was purple, and his form wasted. He was wholly unlike the strong bodied politician of Dunblane For ten years I bad hated him, but this morning I was touched by his wretched condition. I was grieved to know I was invisible to my lass ; but her father saw me! Good heaven ! Can I ever forget what wrath and malice distorted his face at sight of me ? He seemed crazed with rage, and he beat with bis two clinched fiits upon the glass, shivering the pane into thousands of bits, and catting his flesh to the bone. He was a m&niac; and he believed that I was in the flesh, for he tried to reach me and strangle me with his bleeding hands. Man, man! in his blind àud eager fuiy he burled bis wretched body from the window to the ground. I, a thing of the air, could do naught to tave him, and. I saw him fall dead before me, I could not «peak to my lass, who also saw his act ; but I : was - forced to see the anguish in her white, distracted face. And while the peopl« earns from. th« komn to carry the dead mau in I was suddenly borne away. * " I returned with even greater swiftness, and by tbe. same long route by which I had gone. I reached Montreal ;bèfore light waB fairly hére, and entered the chateau unhindered by windows and doors. I sàw my dead body still lying with drawn face, closed eyes and fallen jaw. My spirit seemed to recognise my body-as Its natural home, for in the twinkling of an eye it entered it again. My heart began to pulsate, my blood Was flowing and my brain awake. Fergus Gimpbell was in tbe flesh again. " I sat up and lighted my lamp. I was still cold and wet with clammy prespi ration*. The clock was striking .7, and I remembered that I had been to Pittsburg and back by an unnecessarily long , route in exactly three hours." " You certainly made- remarkably quick time," I, commented. V I'd say you'd been suffering from delirum tremens if I was not aware of your temperate habits. You had the nigh*mare, Campbell." He placed « telegiara in ray hands. "Read it," he said eagerly. "It eame this evening, and it proves tliat I saw Moiri- on die." The dispatch «as from a relative of Campbell's in Pittsburg. These werô its' contents : " Morrison tilled himself this morning by jumping from bis window. Hehas been ma<î for years;" We looked at each other in Eilence, i "By Jove!" I said, at, last, "you have either been telling a stupendous lie or this is a remarkable coincidence.". "It's no lie," he answered, solemnly. " Bradford, it's as true as gospeL" • * » » • * * Two years passed before I saw Campbell again. He came down the corridor of the Windsor hotel, and I.could not fail to notice that his appearance had greatly improved. He bad gained considerable avoirdupois, and was dressed in excellent taste. His old frank smile remained; unaltered, and I conld not mistake him, "Ton are Fergus Campbell," I said, and offered my hand. He grasped it cordially. "I was Fergus Campbell once," hesaid j " but"—with an irresistible and contagious grin—"they call me Signor Cambellini howl" ' " Then you have finished your studies V " Yes," he answered, "I am a full fledged : opera singer now." I longed to ask him if he was married, but feared that suDject might be a painful one. 1 ! "Gome to my rooms," he said, as if he knew what was in my mind, " and^ee my v/ife and bairn.. I am married to Mai lie Morrison;. Brayford. After her father's violent death she went back to Dunblane, and 1 followed her. I met her in the Bishop's Walk, and we agreed that we never would.be separated again. Come, and I'll sing for you. ' And it will be no Italian melody to-night, but a good Scotch .soug about The Flowero' Donblane. "—FBASCIS B. CUBBIE in Frank, Leslie's. . The waiter's favourite Jbw«r ii fotget- t u r t l e - A g r - s r v x a r c t . 