LETTERS ON ANGLICAN ORDERS. Letter VI. < Thhsb letters were written to an Anglican friend, and I think they may yjtetest tjp readers of The Southern fires!.—T.D. oMjy dear Friend—In your last letter ypu. say that you admit that Cranmer j • desired to do away with thesacrament of orders, hut you say you believe that his #icked jdeaign was thwarted, and .'that the 'ordinal compiled was competent to cbnfer valid orders. Before examining the ordinal of Edward VI. I wiU try and ffefirih the eacrament of orders;' ' All aacraments must, you admit, have an ohtward had visible sign and ah inward and spiritual grace, and this outward sign muBt have Men instituted by Christ Himself.-' - The outward and visible sign consists of "matter'lhnd ?c form; For instance, in the sacrament of baptism water is the matter, and the words, " 1 baptise thee," is the form. The matter is the thing done or used; the forth is that which sanctifies the matter so to to bfestow on it the power of imparting ofey*. and determines its nature as a sacrament. It follows that the expres sion,of the distinctive character conferred is essential to tbe validity of the form, as otherwise the matter would not be de termined to be a special act. Moreover, this matter and form must have been in stituted by Christ Himself, since none but the author of grace can attach the rift of grace to any external act. If, then, we find in the ordinal of Edward VI. matter andform instituted by Christ, and used for the purpose for which He instituted them, then the orders it con fers .pre. valid, but not else. You say that it is clear from Scripture that the imposition of hands is the matter ©f. the sacrament of, orders, and. .this you have retained. Let us, therefore, examine the form and see.how far it determinbs' the matter to the required end. I have said that1 the expression of -the distinctive character conferred •-is essential to the validity of the form. This may be ex pressed either by an allusion to the type found in the Old Testament of the order conferred, or by the mention of some spiritual power which is the distinctive privilege of the order to which the can didate is raised, or by the actual mention of the office conferred. eThe way in which our Lord rendered the form efficiently determinative of the matter can only be learned from eccle siastical tradition. In the Roman, Greek, Maronite, Nestorian, Coptic, and all other va^id ritee, the dtetiootive character iB thus determined ; but such was not the case in the Anglican Church for more a hundred yfears. True, at the end of that time, when taunted by Catholics and Presbyterians with having no orders, the .rite, was, in .1662, altered to supply the defect; but the alteration came too late. " One hundred years had elapsed a&fee; tire introduction of the Calvinistic forms of Cranmer, and their work was so efficaciously done that orders had died odtln the Church, which had first severed itself from the centre of unity, and then apostatized from the Faith. Sought was left hilt an English establishment."{a) I will now give, you the rite as used until 1662, and also as altered at that date, and I am sure you will admit that the ordinal of 1552 was not," and was never meant to be, ar sacramental means: of imparting spiritual and sacerdotal power ex opere operetta* but was meant to be, iiid'was no mote than, a solemn'in vocation of the divine blessing on a mere grant of external authority; to which, no doubt, may be appended,-according to the state" khd dispositions of the recipient, an increase of sanctifying grace ex opere operantis.(b) BDWARDINE EPISCOPAL EDW. EPIS. FOB.K, \- iFORM, A.D. 1652. JU.TEBJBD, 1662. Take the Holy Ghost,and Receive the Holy Ghost remember that thou stir for the office and work of a up the grace of God, which Bishop in the Church of ismibee, hyfmpoatftffl of God, now committed unto frfkysflp, for God bath not thep by, the imposition of Uiveit<us the Spirit of fear,, our hands: In the name butcf power And love and; of the.Father, and of the. of soberness. Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. And re member that thou stir np up. the Grace of God which is given thee by this imposition of our : hands; for God hath not given us the spirit of fear; but of power and love and ' soberness. BDWARDINE FORM' FOR' Same FORK, altered the Priesthood,;AJJ. , 1662. .i 156S.' " Receive the Holy Ghost, Receive the'HolyGhOtt.' for thooflice mid'work of Whose sins thou dost tdr- a Priest in the Church of give, they are forgiven; God, now committed unto and whose thou dost thee by the imposition of retail), they, are retained, our hands. Whose fins And be thou a'falthful dis- thou dost forgive, etc. [as i censer of the Wordof God, in that of 1552]. 1 and ef His poly Bacra-, - i enents: In the name of 'the Father and the Son and the Holy GhOSfc.1 Amen.'- M You willOasilysee that the Episcopal Form of 1552 does not fulfil the require -winpi© laid^ dQWU in the definition of a \- .sacrament, w ii/ n6 Way dfeterniiufes the au& might' as fitly be used tri a^pt>ihl a'lay-reader or to aduiwisterconfirnmtion. The -words ■ """ v' ' . . -rJ;...' 7 i (а) " Ordinal Edward VI.," by Dom Del Xaynali KJiSiB.y jJ. ■mi '■ r<'° * (б)',Hutton on " Anglican Orders." "Reoeive.ye tbeHolyGhoet," etc., are J Scriptural, but nowhere in the Bible are they given as the fcprm of orders, and they^to whom theywere addressed were' already priests. Moreover, these words are to be found in po ordinal in »the West eariier than1 the Idth beniury,{c) and cannot therefore be theiorm pf ordprs. -The, latter part of the Rdwardine form is the compilation of Cranmer and his crew., who thuB Bwept away the whole of that part of the service by which.forthe first fourteen centuries, orders had been conferred, and substi tuted in its place an addition claiming no higher authority than the 14th century. This change they effected with a view to putting an end for ever to "sacerdotal pretensions," and because they believed that orders were pne of those things " not to he, counted for sacraments of the gospel, being such as have grown partly of the corrupt following of the apostles, partly are. states of life allowed in the Scripture,, bat yet have not the nature of'the Sacraments with baptism and the | Lord'sSupper, for that they havB not any visible sign or ceremony ordained by God." (Articles of the Church, No. 25.) We will next examine the Edwardine form for the priesthood, though, of course, it matters little what that was, if they who used it were no true bishops; still its examination will, I am sure, clearly show you how thoroughly the reformers did their work and how radical was the change effected. That yon may see this the more clearly, I will briefly point out the course followed in the Roman pontifical:—"In this the Bishop, in ordaining a priest, first imposes both hands on the head of each of the ordinandi successively, without saying anything, and all the priests present do the same. This is the first imposition of bands. He then says three prayers, during the first of whioh he and aU the priests present hold their right hand extended oyer the ordinandi. After this he puts on each the sacred vestments and says the grayer, ' Deus Banctificationum.' I Having then anointed the hands of each I with the holy oil, he delivers to each the chalice containing wine and water, and the paten upon it, with a host thereon, saying the words,' Receive power to offer j sacrifice to God, and to celebrate Masses j as well for the living as the dead, in the name of the Lord.' "(<£) From this point MasB is continued, the newly ordained concelebrates with the Bishop, and thus exercises., the sacrifical office he has received. After this, towards the close of the ceremony, he kneels once more before the bishop, who lays both handB on his head, saying, "Receive ye the Holy Ghost. Whosoever sins ye remit," etc. In the prayer "Deus Sanctifica tionum," mentioned above, occur the words, " That they may, by immaculate benediction, transform bread and wine into the body and blood of Thy Son." In this, and in the delivery of the instru ments (chalice and paten), with the accompanying wordB, " Receive power to offer sacrifice to God," you have what I may call' the keynote of the ordinal. Valid orders impart a new and inefface able character, 'and give power to offer Christ in sacrifice for the living and the dead, and sacramentally to absolve the members of His mystical body, the Church. It was this power the reformers wished to efface, and therefore they changed the whole nature of the rite. They deliberately intended to do away with the orders of the Catholic Church, of which they said, " Keep to yourselves your stinking, greasy, anti-ChriBtian ordera. We abhor, defy, deteBt, and spit at them." To effect this they swept away the tradition of the instruments, which, with the accompanying words, was considered by many theologians to be the matter and form of the sacrament. They did away with all mention of sacrifice, arid they devised a form containing. no. allusion to any distinctive office of the order to. be conferred—an omission which vitiates the form and renders the sacrament null and void. In stead of the idelivery of chalice and paten with the words." Receive power to offer sacrifice to God and say masses for the living and the dead," they delibe rately substituted the handing of a Bible with,the words, "Take thou authority to preach the word of Go4 and to minister the sacraments to this congregation," No longer did they wish for . " mnaaing priests" haying power .to offer the holy, .saprifice, but they desired and ob tained in their,place a number of officials, who should decently ,aud_ in order, be ad mitted to the ecclesiastical department of the civU service, and should, under State supervision, preach, teach, and minister to the people. Henry VIII. caused thbae who main tained the spiritual supremacy of Christ's' "Vicar to be ripped up in o&oh; other's presence, their arms torn offh and their hearts cut out and rubbed tapon their mouths and faces. Cranmer and Eliza-' beth,, used ~ " arguments " equallycon- > vincing ito atamp out faith in holy orders and the_ sacrifice of. the MaSs. Can we wonder that many yielded to the force of such arguments ? ' • : ' (c) Martihe De ' Antiquis* " Eccleaia BiUbhs/' iSl, art. x. V ' '(d)''Canon Es&tift; bta " Anglican '0rd«rej"( P.tg. O * '*,*•S-'1 ' I have in ihia letter Med to showyou that those 'Who formed the Anglican 'ordinal of 155$ riot only did aWty with the delivery of the instruments, hot only suppressed all thoee parte of the ordinal which refer to the sacrificial character of the priesthood; not only omitted the! unction, but did all this with the de liberate intention of doing away with " the greasy stinking orders" of the Catholic Church, and . that they devised an ordinal, the form of which in no way determines the matter to the prescribed end, and which is invalid. Yours sincerely, T. D. 