REDESDAXE ILULVTAT.—Tlie time-table for the Kyoeton to Redesdale railway has been Usaed. Trains will leave Redesdale twice a day, Sundays excepted,—7 a.m. and 3.40 p.m., connecting with trains reaching Melbourne at 10.50 a.m. and 7.25 p.m. Trains from Kvneton to Redesdale will start at 9.30 a.m. and 6.20 p.m. Particulars in reference to tbe carriage of goods appear in oar advertising columns. The line is to be opened on tbe 1 Dtb inst.—Thursday next. THE DEATH RATE, for the district eo far as this year has progressed is Unas aally high. Thursday was the 8th of the month, and Mr Bromley reported 8 fnnerals, or 1 per day. In some other parts of the colony an equally high death rate has been recorded. In the case of this district tbe deaths recorded are not due to any peculiar local influences, that is to say, the causes of death were not of local origin. Those deceased wonld have died from precisely the same causes had they lived elsewhere. KTNETOX AGEICDLTCBAL ASSOCIATION. — The monthly meeting of the committee of this society was held on Thursday morning. There were present—Messrs J. F. Crewther (vice-president, in the chair), Forster. W. Thomson, Birrell, Bradv, P. G. Hobbs, Paterson, and P. F. Meagher. Accounts amounting to £44 11b were passed for payment. A letter was received from Mr W. H. Enders denyioe that he had been guilty of insulting behavior at the November show, and stating (hat he had nothing to apologise for. He complained that Hr Buscombe was uncivil to him, and that the judging was unfair. Mr W. Thomson characterised the letter as the most im pudent thing he had ever heard read, and on his motion, seconded by Mr Brady, consideration of the letter was deferred till next meeting, the stewards in Class C not being present. It was decided to request Mr Enders to attend the meeting. Mr John Kennedy resigned his seat on the committee, explaining that he was unable to attend to the business of the society. Tbe resignation was accepted with regret, and the secretary was instructed to send Mr Kennedy a letter conveying the thanks of the committee for his long and valuable services. A rote of thanks to the gentlemen who officiated as judges at the reaper and binder trial was recorded, and tbe meeting adjourned. TECHNOLOGICAL LECTURES.—In December last the Council of the School of Mines decided that dnring the vacation the various centres in this district should be visited by tbe Director of the school, Mr VfacLymont, and that he should deliver lectures illustrating the urork done in the school, and in which it is desired to create general interest. - Mr MadDy^ont w31 lecture on mining ^pr^agricultan according to the characteristics of .£he:f>Iace he visits, and admission to the lectures will be free. Mr MscLymont's arrangements will be notified next week. The first lectnre will probably be delivered at Redesdale on Tuesday, 20th inst. MCFF CBXCKEC. — Arrangements are being made for a muff cricket match to be played on an early date. It is intended that no one under 40 years of age shall be allowed to take part in the match, and that recognised cricketers shall be de barred, even if tiiey happen to be over 40 years old. Possibly the match will be played in fancy costume. Such a display wonld cause much amusement, and should attract a luge attendance of spectators, and the occasion would be a favorable one for taking up a collection in aid of one of the charities. CREAK SEPARATOR AOCUUMBS.—-Two accidents happened . in file Milton: (N.S.W.) district on Wednesday with dairy machinery. A little girl got her dress entangled in the flyweelof a cream- Beparator, . . . and thongh _ ereiy _ stitch of . clothing was torn off her, she escaped onhort. In the second case, ^mother 1 little girl wasplaying *bontadairy,~whenl her dress bcM^soB^gledu«lmdriv^| shaftOftheamm- separator,J^-^-'^ IriUeaimUnjJy.liOT boay mangled. At the inquesttha jni^recmn^j^ mended ^ that all • shafting and ^geari^gf •fcouUiw lKixed and protected,! VISIT OP TEE GOVEBSOB. —ON _ day afternoon His Excellency, ⩝ Hopetoun, visited Kynetoa, 'and was driven to Mr H. Thomson's by that gentleman, and afterwards to Mr M. Brady's, His Excellency waa on private business aa well as on pleasure, and indicated his appreciation of the district in regard to horse breeding by purchasing two horses from lb M. Brady, and one from Mr H. Thomson. DEATH OF A FORMER KXSTBTOSIAS.— Information is to hand that Mr E. Baraard, formerly of this town, has died in Melbourne. Mr Barnard was a young man of fine proportions, and excellent in his calling—that of a oompoeitor. He waa at one time employed in this office, and subsequently on one of the Melbourne papers. Some time ago he eufiered severely from typhoid, from the effects of which he never fully recovered. Mr Barnard was a son of Mrs Eccles of East Kyneton. KTKETOK AMAIKUB DRAMATIC CLUB.— A meeting of the committee of this institution, waa held last nightat the Mechanics' Institute. It was decided that the promise to give a performance for the benefit of the Phoenix Band should be adhered to, and" the Casting Committee were instructed to select a piece, cast the characters, and fix the date for the performance. The other business was of a routine character. DISTRICT DEVBLOFHEBT OF TRADE.— The railway between this town and Redesdale already gives promise of bringing increased activity the district through which it passes. From Langle; to Redesdale landowners are having firewood cat for transmission to Melbourne. There is practically an unlimited supply of grey box, the wood which commands the highest price in the Melbourne market. H un dreds of tons of firewood have already been cut in anticipation of the opening of the lice. It is exp cted that one result of railway accommodation will be in creased production of hay. It has not paidtocart hay into Kyneton, butitcan now be cut into chafi, pressed, and forwarded direct to Melbourne. Local provision for chaff-cutting is already being made, and this business will probably prove remunerative. RABBIT ACT PROSECUTION. —At the Sandhurst police court on Thursday, Robert Hay, proprietor of the Ravenswood Estate, was charged by Inspector Shields with neglecting to take proper steps for the suppression of rabbits on (hat part of his property in Metcalfeshire. Mr Hay stated that it was no use his trying to eradicate the pest nntil he had the wire fencing up, as his neighbors made no endeavor at all to exterminate them. He had spent over £1000 in wire fencing. He was fined £2 with £316s 6d costs. There was a second prosecution in regard to the other part of the estate, located in Strath Geldsayeshire. In this case a fine of £2 with £4 16s 6d costs was imposed. BLUE RIBBON* MEETING.—The monthly public meeting in connection with the local Total Abstinence Society was held at tbe Temperance Hall, on Thursday evening, and the occasion was marked by an unusually laige attendance. Ordinarily the hall is nothalf filled, but on Thursday night every seat was occupied. The Rev. J. Downing was in the chair. Instead of the ordinary programme of teetotal songs, recitations, and speeches, a lecture was delivered by Mr A Grevill in which he dealt with the early history of Tasmania, specially treating of the convict system and the treatment of tbe aboriginal population. Mr Grevill lately spent several months in Tasmania prosecuting enquires the result of which he proposes publishing, and his lectnre consisted mainly of copious extracts from his manuscript. The lecture was very interesting to old and young, and at its close a vote of thanks was accorded Mr Grevill. C.Y.M.S,—There was a lar»e attend ance at the weekly meeting of this society on Thursday evening, in the hall, Button Street. Bro P. Griffin (president) was in the chair. The principal business of the meeting was the election of officers, and the following are the results:—President, Bro P. Griffin (reelected); vice-president, Bro A Cuddiby . treasurer, Bro W. H.Bennett(re- elected); secretary, Bro J. Wearden ; warden, Bro Jno. Harrington ; librarians, Bros Knott and Crowe ; committee, Bros Luttrell, J. H. Minogue, Bolton, M Griffin, and D. Buckley; auditors, Bros D. O'Brien and P. Barry. The election for secretary caused a deal of interest, and Bro Wearden was elected on the casting vote of the chairman. One account was passed for payment. It was decided that the subscription list for the proposed testimonial to tbe late secretary, Bro E. A. Harrin^ ton, be dosed definitely on the night of next meeting. THE LOCUSTS.—The stay of the locusts in the town was of very brief duration, and on Thursday only one here and there was to be seen. The insects are reported to be numerous on the banks of the Coliban, but not nearly in such numbers as visited other places. One gentleman who closely observed the locusts, states that females were very few in comparison with the males. FECNDAY SCHOOL CNION EXCURSION.— Mr JT. Blencowe, J.P., secretary of the Sunday School Union, has received communication from the Railway Department fixing Wednesday, February 25, as the date of the excursion to Ballarat. DONATION TO SCHOOL OF MIKES.—The secretary of the School of Mines desires, on behalf of tbe GonncU, to acknowledge a very acceptable donation from Mr H. De Sauty, consisting of nine volumes of "Tomlinson'a Cydopsedia of Useful Arts." DEATH OF AN OLD COLOKIST.—Yesterday Mr Thomas Manallack, licensee and proprietor of the Cornish Arxns;J3otel, Brunswick, joined the great majority. He was 85 years of • age ana.:jiad been in the colony for upwards of 42y$ass. For some 30 years he resided at Brunowick, where he acquired considerable property and won an excellent reputation for personal worth. The deceasedgeutieinan was the father of Mr Manallack, licensee of the Kyneton Hotel in this town, who died rather suddenly some twomonths ago. ACCIDEKT TO A DRCNK.—On Thursday night Constable Rasmussen arrested a man whom-he found lying in the street. The man, who gave the - name., of John Sheedy, complained of having hurt one of his legs, but as be was very drunk he was -locked np. Yesterday'morning he was unable to appear in court, and the magistrates visited Kim* in bis cell. It was found that one of bis «"Hw was -dislocated, and after a" nominal punishment had been ordered be was removed to the hospital; TRAINS ABOLISHED.—-The construction of the new rail way time-table has so jfar. ogrened that the trainB to be abolished ve been determinedon. It isestimaied that £87,500 per .annum .will .be saved. Amonpptthetrainlrdiscfo Lancefield Junction 4jancefieid L50 p.m., JaaceneW ta p^oefield 'Japction m.SO fin.; Ma^bOiouA'^ 12.45p:in. ; GaattMname fo^^ 2 p.m^, tff" JDeueof. .iiw : 'AaijlSifwrw?^^' \- ''• - ••••* • BdvanBea i^geof Slyean^' 'Xhe'pebeued ^ha8 Uvtdjpor^npwsds of 28 ajfjpfigjfrjjt A WOOD-CHOPPING GHOST.—On Thursday morning Mis Zimmer, residing at the Provident Institute paddock, Carles- j ruhe, came to the police station ( late and complained that j hour on the previous night some peraon j ^ been capping the ^ and stumps in the neighborhood of her house. As | Mrs Zimmer appeared to be under a sense of fear Mounted-cons table Cobbledick went out to make enquiries. He found that several trees, stomps aud logs nBar Mrs Zimmer'-B boose had been hacked with an axe, and that tbe axeman apparently had nothing definite in view. The constable tracked footmarks to Mr Glassoott'a bouse, where he found that some stumps had been chopped in the same manner as those at Mrs Zimmer's. An examination of the axe marks showed that the axe used had four gaps in its edge. The footmarks were followed to Mr McGregors premises not far distant. Mr M'Gregor said that on Wednesday night he gave a man who called at the place a night's accommodation in the stable, but the bed {sacks on straw) evidently bad not been slept upon. In the morning the man had disappeared. An axe lying by M'Gregor's wood-heap had four gaps in its edge corresponding with the cuts on the stumps that had been examined, and it appeared that the man instead of going to sleep had taken the axe and gone on a chopping expedition. Mra Zimmer informed the police that on Wednesday night, about 10 o'clock, she. was going home from Glassaitt s when die heard the chopping - on her premises. Feeling afraid^rife" returned to Glasscott'a, and Glasscott and another man named -— King went back, with Mrs Zimmer- The man was seen standing near a tree, but King said "111 not go near him. It's a ghost." A few minutes afterwards the man made three chops on a log, and Glasscott remarked ''That's the death sign. He is surely a ghost." The man then disappeared so quietly as to convince the party of bis ghostly character, and the dogs in the neighborhood continued barking till one o'clock on Thursday morning. Constable Cobbledick obtained from M'Gregor a description of the man he had accommodated, and then travelled the Newham. From Mrs Dalgleish the constable learnt that the man had passed there at II o'clock. Mrs Dalgleish said that his name was William Howden, and that he was "simple." Howden some time ago had been digging potatoes for her, and he had told her that once he had been in good circumstances; that he had a wife and family near Geelong ; that he owned land at Maryborough; that he had been a baker and- a miner, and that while at Castlemaine in 1852 he received injuries to his leg and head, in consequence of which a doctor ordered him to take fresh air." Enquiries were pursued no further, as it was evident that the man was harmless. COSTS AGAINST CONVICTED PERSONS.— The annexed direction to the members of the police force was published in this week's Police Gazette:—"In all cases in which the police prosecute offenders be- 1 fore the Courts of Petty Sessions, and succeed in obtaining convictions, it is directed that they shall apply (o the magistrate to make an order against the convicted persons for payment of such costs as the prosecuting member of the force, or other polioe witnesses, are entitled to claim for expenses or allowances. Failing such application being made, claims againzt the Police Department for allowances,- etc., as witnesses, which members of the force may submit, will not be entertained. A STRANGE DISCOVERY.—The Satandera Ensign reports that a strange diseoveiy was made on Tuesday, at a romantic nook in the vicinity of the Goulburn River. A-farmer named Campbell, who resides at Balrami, has a housekeeper, and hereon, a boy of tender years, was attracted to a cave in pursuit of hen's eggs. While searching the retreat he found a large salad oil bottle, in which there was a wooden plug. The bottle appeared to be stuffed with some material, and. upon the finder submitting it to the inspection of adults, it was discovered that it contained a large number of bank notes, which had been poshed tightly into their receptacle, and, owing to damp, it is supposed, had with time been formed into a pulpy maBs. The bottle and its contents were brought into Muswellbrook, and placed in the care of Mr W. Bumpheries, of Messrs W. Campbell and Co. That gentleman, by steaming the mass (the original portion was broken in two in transit) *»SB able to separate seven halves of five-pound Commercial Bank notes, in a fairly good state of preservation, the printing and numbers being perfectly legible. The pulpy bandies contain probably fifty notes in all, but it is impossible at present to tell their value. The find is supposed to have been a plant oF the notorious Thunderbolt, who was know to inhabit the cave where the money was found, and the half-caste woman who had lived with. him having died in the cavern. The money must have been lying in the cave for upwards of a quarter of a century, and the matter is exciting considerable interest. ARRESTED FOB FRAUD. — The Police Gazette reports the arrest in Melbourne on tbe 5th inst. of a man.named F. W. Hall or Hull, who for several months had been wanted for an offence committed in Kyneton on May 9th, of last year. Hall or Hull was selling .carbolic aandsoap for one J. Fletcher, of Fitzroy. He gave Mr White, of Alexander's Hotel, a cheque for £3, and received 4s 6d change. The cheque proved to be valuless, and the matter was placed in the hands of the police. It is presumed that the prisoner will be brought before the local court in due course, but the police have not received any information beyond "what appears in the Police Gazette. 