St. Marys. BY OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT. While returning home from Penrith, Mr J. Herford, junr., driving him, his grey horse saw Cummings' ghost on the road and forthwith set-to kicking violently, smashing the shafts and getting away into the bush where he was captured but absolutely re fused to allow himself to be mounted. So the buggy was put under the trees and Jack had the pleasure of leading the terrified animal all the way home to St. Marys. Like the "calm before the storm" passed New Year's Day here. The darkness, how ever, brought with it those rowdies who make night hideous with shouting and damaging people's property "in fun." There surely can be no fun in breaking people's fences and letting loose the horses of trades- people who depend upon these animals to help their living. Is it not time this was stopped ? We were however on this occa sion very free, all in all, from this kind of excess owing to the great exertions of Mr Martin our constable, who now on foot and now a-horse was ubiquitous and kept the night marauders well in check. It is to be hoped the increasing good sense of these misguided young men will make this the last occasion for such an unseemly display to wind up a season with when all should be "good will and peace." From the first, under the intelligent guid ance of our Mayor, this district saw her opportunity in the irrigation business and in solemn Council met decided to lend the weight of their united influence to it. The scheme has passed from the throes of birth. It is now sturdily surging ahead. The ground is being planned out and will speedily be cleared, cropped, sold and worked and a new population poured into our midst to swell our numbers to increase our wealth, to advance our status and our interest in life, and it will not be long ere we shall show that we are at all times ready and willing to advance the true interests not only of our little sphere but also of the "land we live in." Meanwhile the proverbial banquet greases the wheels of progress and energetic surveying and driving over the ground makes "good digestion wait on appetite," and the place is alive with the movement. A man in the employ of Mr Lethbridge, owing probably to the sun, or some other cause, became greatly excited while driving the milk cart, and the cart entering into the fun of the season and feeling hot, threw off its tires and the horse dashed furiously along, the man helping it all he could; but our officer of the peace did not appreciate the display and so induced the man to con sult the magistrate on the matter, which resulted in confusion to the furious driver. Mr Lethbridge very kindly brought the man a change of clothing and a few other things conducive to his comfort, and in exchange took care of the wearied horse and dilapi dated cart. 