H'lMPOB.TE. Bz 3. O. B. 'Whistling jigs to a milestone ' has long held its place as the keystone of the arch of human absurdity. It was generally felt that the man who could take up a position over against such a fix ture, pucker his lips, and start a 6-8 allegro move ment, with the object of inducing the cairn to caper, was behind Qie times. But there is not so much difference between such seemingly eccentric conduct and hiring- a brass band to play to a phonograph. Should phonographs be come common, a probable contingency, they cannot but supplant the hand-organ — a con summation that in its turn cannot fail to make life worth living. For women with pleasant voices and distinct enunciation a new field of industry is already opening. They are being employed to recite and to sing into phonographs. The time when this ingenious little instrument will be brought into court and compelled to give evidence in breach of promise and divorce cases cannot now be far distant. There .may be some diffi culty at first in inducing it to swear ; but that will, no doubt, be overcome as it gets more seasoned and becomes better acquainted with the ways of men. On the whole, the perfect ing of the telephone bids fair to add a fresh terror to future courtships, especially when the swain is insincere. Thus old people who got their love making through in the first half of the century cannot be too thankful for having been born years before Edison. * ♦ * * In advocating the female franchise proposal in the Legislative Assembly, Mr. Fegan instanced the case of Miss Fawcett, whose mathematical per formances last year were better than best — in other words, her papers were superior to those of the young man that obtained the senior wranglership. It seems unjust that, whether in England or Australia, she should have no voice in public affairs. But one swallow doesn't make a summer. At a circus you see the strong woman of the troupe lift a table in her teeth and throw heavy weights about as if they were chips. She js possibly stronger than any man in the audience — than any one in the neighbourhood, perhaps. But as there is no country under the sun in which the average weight, height, and strength of a large number of males are not superior to those of the same number of females, 60 there is no land where the average of men's mental endow ments is not greater than that of women's. People who adopt the sexual equality line of argument choose a bad spot in which to entrench themselves. It should be remembered, too. that those who set their faces against female voters look not alone to the immediate results of enfranchisement, but to the corollaries as well. Some of these will suggest themselves. Others are so far-reaching that their ultimate results can be but dimly perceived. » * * * Lord Palmerston almost went to war in order to rescue a Greek who had become a British subject and was arrested on the Continent. And now we have England, Turkey, and Persia interchanging diplomatic notes over Miss Greenfield, a young English lady supposed to have been captured by Kurds somewhere in that mysterious land of old renown between, the Euxine, Caspian, and Persian Gulf — the land that can scarcely be cultivated 'without driving the ploughshare through the bricks of forgottou cities. If the great rivers Euphrates and Tigris would only burst their banks as they did 4000 years ago and flood the whole country, it would be no great loss to the out side world. Humanity has no cause to thank Asia Minor. It is too bad to WimV that by biting an apple there ever so long ago one woman brought in sin, while to-day another female arouses' inter- national complications by permitting herself to be carried off by a Kurd. And the worst of it is she now appears before the Cadi to say that she accepted this unbeliever of her own free will, that she is strongly attached to him, has embraced his faith, and declines to bo rescued. As Mahoinmedan women have no souls, the change of religion seems to be a step in the wrong direction — a sort of loss of spirit. Still, it is as well, perhaps, to have no ghost unless you can be sure of its future. It may be that the Kurds make excellent husbands, although, by all accounts, they are not the sort of persons a timid European maid would take to at sight. It is one thing to fall in love with a bandit in a |book, and another to hang round the outlaw's neck with the chance of having one of the dozen pistols in his girdle go off by accident, and perforate you. Now that the matter appears to be amicably settled, it .is'possible that the public pity will veer round till it comes to the Kurd. It is far from certain that he is not the proper recipient. * * * * Mr. Carruthers, the energetic New South Wale3 Minister for Education, appears to have anticipated the Austrian authorities hi having the State school children taught to write straight. At the same time it should never be forgotten that with many grown persons as well as children the difficulty consists not so much in writing straight as in writing at all. Among the smaller worries of life this one of bad writing holds a prominent place. If there is anything more irritating than trying to read a voluminous letter written as if with the wrong end of the pen, it should be made known without delay. The curious thing in. connection with the matter is that up almost to the present moment it was nearly possible to guess a man's social position by his handwriting'. The higher his rank the worse he wrote. Indeed, a fine, bold, legible hand was considered to be the peculiar properly of plebeians. This was because in all the great British Public schools quffldriving was deemed too mean to be taught. The lads were left entirely to them selves in the matter, with free leave to form letters just as they liked. It is but fair to the boys to say that they gladly availed themselves of the leave, with the result that in their hands the letters of the alphabet developed into models of abnormality. No person that has not seen the officers' paysheet of a crack British cavalry regiment, where every second centurion either possesses a title or is on the road to one, has . an idea what can be done with the A BC in proper hands. Talk of the human frame's being fearfully and wonderfully made ! You should see ' Cholmondelay ' tacked together by a young comet fresh from being switched at Rugby. Why the paymaster ever ' forks out ' for such a fist is a ghastly mystery. No wonder they pronounce it ' Chumley.' Keep right oa Mr. Carruthers. It is bad enough to have an illegible name at the bottom of a correspondent's letter. But to have the letter illegible as well ia beyond a joke. * * * * -- Aldermon Litton lives at Penrith, and keeps a monkey. Last week this poor relation of humanity slipped his collar, and with the inherited agility of his family was quickly; on the top of the house. Getting tired of the high position attained by the aid of a spout — men, too, have been known to reach giddy elevations by spouting — he struck for the Riverside Hotel in a line as straight as a sun beam. There's a deal of human nature in monkeys. On reaching the hostelry he observed a Chinaman, in close proximity to a water-jug. Unable to throw the pagan at the pitcher, he did the next best thing by reversing the proceedings and shying the latter at the former. But the Oriental rose to the occasion, and left the house of entertainment with the velocity of a blizzard. The anthropoid then waited^upon the family, who were at dinner, and introduced himself by throwing the cruet at the landlord with an aim which was creditable to both eye and arm — an aim that , suggested how useful the creature might -| be at a caucus meeting, provided he could be in duced to take to politics. The victualler declined the attention, and by a timely bob removed his cranium from the trajectory of the whizzing pro jectile. Hotel-keeping is a trying calling at the best of times, without having to stand as a target for your own cruets, thrown by a monkey. It ia almost supererogatory to add that the family rose from table with an alacrity which showed how quickly a room can be cleared when people are really in earnest. Having tasted most of the dishes and stuffed himself beyond recog nition with potatoes and butter — a few more such escapades and he'll find himself stuffed with tow or bran — he made for the river, and retired up a tree to aid digestion and observe the preparations being made to interview him with axes. After a night among the branches he descended for food and some additional jocularity. His master re ceived him at the bottom with a rope having a loop at one end and a knot at the other. The creature soon became acquainted with both ends, and now Alderman Litton declares it to be less expensive to rear a family in Penrith than to keep a monkey. 