SAFE AT LAST. CHAPTER V.—Continued. Paul Ross strolled leisurely through ihe woods, until he came to a pathway that led to the village, and passed the dreaded Madman's Drift. Here he Btopped and uttered a soft low whistle. In an instant a man bad crept from beneath some bushes, and stood upright. Paul Boss moved towards him. " Well," said the other man, " how much ?" " Fifteen pounds!" " Fifteen ,pounds!" repeated the other. " Your sister is not generou6." "Valerie swears she has only ten pounds more, and I believe her." " She may have no more, but " "Have you examined the entrances well?" queried Paul Boss. " Not all; but they are not difficult to manage." " Where do you sleep ?" The man laughed. " In the guest's corridor—a most noble apartment, my friend. The earl knows how to lodge his company." "Much valuables about?" asked Paul Boss eagerly. " Much ?" echoed the other. " The •Castle is a veritable gold-mine! By Jove, Boss, that was a good notion of yours, the trip abroad." " Yes; I flatter myself I am not so stupid as Valerie thinks me. She ds the fool in this case." " You mean in not snatching the earl before the murder and the row ?" Paul nodded. " Well, it was a mistake ; 6he has lost her chance now." Paul Boss looked up suddenly, "What is the girl like?" " Who ?" " Why, ' my Lady Polly,' as Valerie calls her," laughed Paul. " Like ?" repeated the other. " She is most lovely. Paul, can it be true about her lowly birth ? I have never seen a more beautiful creature among all " " All the ladies of family and fortune wdth whom you are on such very intimate terms—eh, man gar$on ?" Paul leisurely puffed away a cloud of smoke. " Well, she IB plebeian for all that, merely a farm-Wench; her people were bought off the estate and sent away, but my Lady Polly is part of them for all that." "Sent away!" repeated the other man as if he were thinking.; " then she is alone here—quite alone." " Except for the earl, her husband; but mind, George," added Paul Boss, with his expression changing suddenly and darkening, " no fooling; we are here for work, not play—you understand?" "Perfectly, my good Paul; now au revoir. I must go back—there is the gong for breakfast. The plans shall reach you to-morrow or next day, and we must meet once more before " Paul nodded, slouched his hat over his eyes, and walked away quickly. The man called George dived back into the bushes, crept along for a time, then emerged into one of the avenues leading to the CaBtle Then he overtook a slight girlish form in grey, hurrying towards a side entrance. " Good morning, Lady Darreu, he •said softly. Polly turned and blushed slightly. " Good morning, Count Jura. 1 did not hear you coming. You have been for a walk. I, too, like the early morning best." "Will you not enter this way? asked George, otherwise Count Jura. Polly shook her head. "I always breakfast in my own apartment." She bowed and turned away. "«Alone' Paul said," muttered Count Jura as he 6tood watching her graceful form vanish, " alone. What a fate is hers! And how beautiful! Pshaw Paul is right. I am here for work, not play; so now to breakfast with my friend the earl." CHAPTER "VI. Valerie reached the Castle in time for breakfast. She ran quickly to her Toom, threw off her long mantle, and after a few hurried touches ;to her magnificent hair, swept leisurely down the wide staircase, looking as if she had but just left her bedroom fresh from her maid's hands. She met Count Jura at the door of the morning room, and smiled graciously to his courteous greetings, little thinking that as he bowed a look of amusement settled in his eyes as he recalled Paul, and her pride. -Boy hastened to meet the taUbeauti- -*1 woman, his eyes speaking the truth of his love as he approached her. Lord Badine came in while they were speaking. . "I have been thinking all night, Boy, and I cannot remember who it is that I traoe a resemblance to in your wife," he said as he sat down to the tahie. "Does not miladi the .fair countess breakfast with us?" demanded Count Jura, as Boy made no answer. Boy flushed, and Lady .Darrell looked uncomfortable. " The countess, or as I call her playfully, my Lady Polly, always breakfasts in her own room; she prefers it," answered Valerie. Count Jura bowed. " What are onr plans for to-day, my lord ?" continued Valerie easily to the earl, "I thought of a ride to the old abbey," said Boy. " Badine, you would like that?" " Very much," agreed Lord Badine. " And you, Jura?" " I regret I have important letters to write; you will pardon me ?" "Oh, of course," said Boy quickly; " I like everyone to do as they please here." " Why not ask your wife to join us ?'' proposed Valerie. The earl looked pained. The very sight of Polly seemed to him torture, recalled the agony he had endured, and the fact that he was separated from Valerie for ever. " If you will ask her, I dare say she will come," he replied. Valerie rose with a laugh. " I shall be ready in ten minutes, and my Lady Polly aiso." Count Jura held the door open for her, and she swept out; she mounted the stairs, and turned into the corridor that led to Polly's room. " (Jet on your habit and dress quickly; your husband desires you will ride with us thie morning ?" Polly rose from her books. "I will be ready," she answered. Valerie bit her lip. Again this girl foiled her. She thought to have triumphed over her ignorance in this case. " Can you ride ?" she asked insolently. " Yes," answered Polly quietly. J "You are a paragon of perfection indeed," sneered the other woman as she withdrew. Polly gazed after her sadly. She pitied Valerie now from her heart, and thought she knew what made her so bitter. The interview in the grounds had shown Polly that Valerie had a trouble that was indeed vory heavy, especially to a nature so proud as hers. She called Davis and put on her habit. Ever since she could remember Polly had ridden, the only difference being that she had sat her steed without a saddle, and unencumbered by a long skirt, and now she was checked by society garments and ways. She took her gauntlets and whip, and gathering her habit in hand, opened the aoor. To her astonishment, in the corridor she came upon Count Jura walking slowly up it. He turned with an exclamation as he perceived her, and Polly thought she saw him put a paper hastily into his pocket. . , " I crave pardon, miladi; I mistake my way. Is this not the corridor to the guests' wing?" . " No, you are quite wrong; tnis leads only to my apartments." Polly spoke coldly, indeed she felt annoyed. I am indeed distressed, countess, he observed cautiously, "but I will take my departure at once." He bowed again and turned towards a door which led into another chamber. "Still you are wrong," said Polly, smiling and pointing with her whip. " Go straight along, and you will reach the big Btaircase, then you will soon iind your way. That door leads to the empty part of the Castle—the ' treasure roomB,' as the servants call them. Yes, now you are right." • " Au revoir, miladi /" Count Jura strode down the corridor. "Treasure rooms!" he repeated to himself. "Paul was right, and yet among all the treasures of the castle she is to me the rarest." Polly made her way slowly down the staircase to the central hall. She felt excited and almost happy. She always had that strange flutter at her heart when near her husband. Valerie, looking like a goddess in her perfectly-cut habit, was standing in the doorway, beyond which the horses were waiting. A man's form was beside her, and Polly noticed with a cold sickening sensation how low he was whispering and how eager w*s his look. She came slowly up to them, and caught a few words: When I think of it, Valeric, I am nearly mad to know what I have lost. My live is a misery to me, tied as I am to a—" Valerie heard Polly's footsteps, and she drew her hand away from his. "It is getting late, we had better start," she said quietly, giving him a look full of sympathy, and glancing another of triumph at Polly as he hurriedly went down the steps. Lord Badine now joined them. " Muy I put you up, countess ?" he asked eagerly. , _ „ He was a young man, and tolly fair loveliness had won bis warmest admiration. " If you please," die answered slowly. •She was.still hearing her husband;' voice, passion-laden, breathing his love and misery into Valerie's ear. The earl assisted Valerie to mount, and then the four rode slowly away. " We don't want grooms, Eoy," said Valerie authoritatively. So the earl waved the attendants back. Lord Badine glanced every now and then &t; his companion's face. " Who was it that said Darrell had married a farm-girl ?" he mused. " What a cruel scandal! This woman is peerless! Countess," he said aloud, " are you in any way connected with the Arnolds—you know who I mean; they are a very old family—the head is always called the Master of Arnold ?'' Polly had blushed, bat now she was pale. "I have no aristocratic connections, Lord Badine," she answered quietly; "I am only a farmer's niece." "But you have their face. The Arnolds are a strangely lovely family —forgive me for paying you so gauche a compliment; but you are fairer than was the Lady Enid Arnold, whose portrait hangs in my mother's room, and who died years ago, and she was supposed to have been the greatest beauty of her time." " I have no family," repeated Polly; " I was only a farm girl. You will have heard how I came—to—to marry the earl; before then I was neglected, illused, and miserable. I even taught myself—at least, the village schoolmaster helped me for some time, but he died two years ago, and then I had no one to assist me." " I do not care what you were," cried Lord Badine, fervently, reaching for her small hand, and carrying it to his lipB; " but to me you are the embodiment of all that is perfection." " Valerie turned at this instant, and the earl, looking back, also saw the young man's act of courtesy and admiration. "My Lady Polly progresses," remarked Valerie, with a sneer. " Boy, you must look after your wife." Lord Darrell did not answer; he unconsciously tightened his hold on his reins, and his brows met in a frown. Something in the sight he had just seen vexed him strangely, and for the first time since his return he beheld Polly's beauty in all its power. Valerie saw the frown, and her heart leaped. He is angry with her," she said to herself. She checked her horse, and the earl did so also. What is it ? " asksd Lord Badine, quickly. "I forget the exact path," said Valerie, "and Boy knowB absolutely nothing about it." I will go and enquire," said the earl, hurriedly. No, Darrell; let me;" and Lord Badine rode rapidly down a path to the right. Polly, whose cheeks were Btill flushed from modesty at Lord Badine's outspoken admiration, reined in her horse few paces away. Valerie chatted on, takiDg no notice of the young countess; but, strange to say, the eatl was watching his wife, with a feeling akin to amazement and admiration. How well she eat her horse! How golden and beautiful was her hair! What dark, long lashes framed her eyes! Last night he could see nothing but Valerie, the woman he loved; now his whole attention was turned on the woman he had married. Polly was unconscious of his gaze, and when he moved his horse near to her, and rectified some fault in her reins, she woke from her dream with a start, and turned pale and cold. Valerie noticed Boy's changed expression, and jealousy burned iu her jreast. Come, Boy, Lord Badine is waving to us," she exclaimed, and, he moving to her side, they put their horses to the trot down the lane. Polly felt a choking sensation in her throat. Without another thought, she wheeled her horse round, and cantered wildly in the opposite direction. She had lost all control of her feelings ; sobs burst from her lips. The poor young wife was utterly, terribly unhappy. She knew not what to do, or where to go, but she felt that something muBt end the torture she was enduring, or she must die. She cantered on, unheeding, and plunged in ber thoughts till the trembling of her horse caused her to think of him, and as she came to a sort of thicket, she loosened her rein and let him stand. She must have ridden some distance, for even to her, who knew the country well for miles around, having walked it in the bygone days, this place was strange. She looked round, at first in surprise; then, a little rlarmed, she began to feel weary from her agitation and exercise, when the sound of a chcery whistle was borne to her ears, and the next minute a footstep rustled over the dying leaves, and a tall well-built young man came towards her. He stopped amazed as he saw the lovely girl on horseback, her golden curls floating from their rough contact with the wind in picturesque confusion round her face ana neck. " I beg your pardon, can I help you?" he .said, suddenly, lifting hie hat. . . . Polly hesitated, then, meeting hiB frank, boyish face, she answered: " If you will, please. I have lost my way." "You are in the Abbey Woods; we ate close to the old Abbey—the ruins are just beyond those trees " " The Abbey!" exclaimed Polly, in surprise. "I thought I was quite in the opposite direction—they have taken the wrong path." " You have become separated from your friends?" asksd the young man glancing again and again at her. " Yes." " Well, perhaps I can assist you. Do you want to find the Abbey ? " "I think I had better go there, as they will in all probability make their way to it," replied Polly. "Let me lead your hone. May I introduce myself ? I am Frank Meredith, at your service." "And I—call me Polly," said the young countess, quietly. " Miss Polly I what a pretty, quaint name—so old-fashioned! Do you like this part of the country ? I am staying down here with friends. I have been shooting, as you see, though the sport is not good. Nothing, seems to live round the old Abbey—even the birds and insects desert it. It is dead, indeed." Polly listened to Frank Meredith's easy chatter quietly. She agreed with him in his estimate of the spot. Never had she seen so weird and. strange a place, and as they came in full flight of the ruins she could not repress a shudder, which the young man noticed. " Yes; is it not dismal? ItlookB like a great, grey ghost. I really don't think I should care to venture into its gloomy vaults, even in broad daylight." " Who owns it ? " asked Polly, suddenly. " My friends did tell me, but I have forgotten. I will ask them iagain when I go home. Now, Mies Polly, shall I leave you here alone, or will my presence annoy you if I remain ? " " Oh, stay, please," cried Polly, her nerves unstrung Btill by the terrible strain put on them at the time of Eustace Biver's murder; " perhaps they will not be long." " I wonder if I shall see you again," said Frank Meredwith after a pause, while he stroked the horse's neck; " I am staying here another fortnight." " You may, perhaps," answered Polly; she was drawn towards the young man by his frank ways. He seemed little more than a boy to her, though he numbered over twenty years. " It seems a strange thing to say,*' went on the young man quiekly, " but if ever you want me to do anything for you, if I can I will." Polly blushed a little, then paled. " Why do you ask this ? " she asked hurriedly. " I cannot say. I only know I would give all I possess to be your friend. You don't look happy. I should like to help you." Polly hesitated, then held out her hand. "You shall," she said simply; "I have not one friend in the whole world. You shall be the first." Oh, thank you!" he cried. " If you want me, write to me there or there; be sure if I can I will always come." handing her two cards. Polly took them quietly. Some curious intuition seemed to come over her that she Bhould need his aid, but she said nothing, and the next instant the sound of voices came to their ears, and the earl, Valerie, and Lord Badine appeared before them. " What a fright you have given us, Lady Darrell 1" exclaimed the latter as he rode quickly up. Frank Meredith, drew back. Lady Darrell! This young lovely girl who had just accepted his friendship! Could it be true? he thought. We thought tnat you were lost, my Lady Polly," observed Valerie with a drawl, glancing at her young rival with an impression that said: "We wished it, too." 4 1 How did you HUBS us ? " asked Boy coldly of his wife. " You have come much of the longest way round." I enjoyed my ride," Polly replied, quietly and coldly too. "I am so-sony you did not see me beckon," continued Lord Badine. " But now let us explore the ruins," " By all means," cried Valerie. Then in a lower tone: " Who is that gentle man?" This is Mr. Meredith, who was kind enough to show me my way, Lord Darrell," explained Polly quietly. The earl spoke a few cold words of thanks to the young man ; then, with ^ S t l f X L U A feavt Meredith bowed and took his leave, I still plunged in amazement, yet, strangely pleased to think he was her friend. "A very pretty boy!" exclaimed Valerie. "Don't you think so, my Lady Polly ?'' " He looks good and honest," Polly replied, speaking her thoughts. Lord Badine looked sulky, and Valerie observed once more, in alarm, that Boy was gazing at his wife with an expression of strange interest. Could it be possible he was beginning to admire her, after all? She must work this away, at all hazards. Now for the ruins! Boy, give me your hand." The earl was beside her instantly, and she jumped to the ground. Lord Badine put up his hand to help Polly, " I don't think I will come," she said, drawing back. "What, Lady Polly afraid!" observed Valerie with a sneer. " If you are nervous, remain out in the air, by all means,", said Boy almost contemptuously. When he was not looking at Polly, he forgot ber rsharms, and only remembered her as the blot on his life, "I will stay with yon," whispered Xord Badine. " No, I will go," Polly said firmly, her face growing white beneath Valerie sneers. " I am only tired, not fright, ened." She slipped from her horse, and gathering up her habit in her hand, hurried after the others. Lord Badine tied the reins of the four horses to a stout branch and followed her. At first Polly could see nothing, as she crept through the damp mouldy ruins of what had once been noble hallB, but the forms of those two on ahead so lost in one another's presence, but as they penetrated into the gloomy vaults, her strange sense of fear returned, and she shuddered again and again. But for her pride she would have turned back and fled into the open air, but Valerie's taunting voice came to her ears. They climbed up the broken fragment of stone steps to what had been a tower, Roy tenderly helping Valerie over the rough stones. Lord Badine went first up the steps, then bent to give his . hand to Polly, when, glancing round nervously, she thought she saw something glittering from a dark corner beneath^ an ancient archway. She checked a cry that TOBB to her lips, and glanced again; this time she were^two ifark eyes Bet in a pale grim face. • •. , She drew her hand swiftly from Lord Badine's hold. < I can go no farther; I am tired,'' she said hurriedly, and turning, she fled white and trembling back to the entrance. - ,. - "My Lady Polly is frightened after all, sneered Valerie with a short laugh. Boy glanced at his wife's pale face contemptuously, then turned a look of love and admiration on the proud beautiful woman beside him. Lord Badine hurried to Polly. " You are looking quite startled and ill, LadyDarrell," he said in consternation. " What was Jit—did you see a ghost?" ' Yes, I saw a ghost," Polly answered faintly. She did not add that the ghost was a man of flesh and blood with an ugly scar across the fa w; sh ewas silent beneath Valerie's scoffs and cruel sneers, forbearing to answer them aB she might have done, for in that ghost in the dark corner she had recognised Valerie's disgraced and hated brother, Paul Boss. CHAPTER VI. The riding-party reached the Castle in time for a late lunch. Polly was lifted from her horse, and still whitelooking and nervous, gathered her habit in her hand and turned towards the staircase and her own apartments. The glimpse she had caught of Paul Boss's sinister face filled her with a vague sense of alarm. What was Valerie's brother doing in the Abbey ruins ? Why was he lurking in dark corners ? It was a problem too difficult for the young girl to solve; she stood before her dressing-table and read the cards Frank Meredith had given her, mentally determining to keep them safe, for once again that strange sensation came over her that ehe might need him. Then his offer of friendship, sudden and unorthodox as it was, had been like a ray of sunshine on her dark life. She was so terribly alone—no relations or kinsmen near to hold out their hands to her, a wife hated by her husband, a girl loathed by her hueband's love, Valerie Boss. She took off her habit, and putting on a loose flowing gown of soft white material, sat down by her fire to reBt and think, holding the cards in her hand. Her head ached with the multitude of sorrows and vague troubles she had to bear, so, taking out the pins, she let the great masses of golden hair slip from their knots and fall in glorious waves over her Bhoulders»almost to her feet. She was trying to make some plans for her future life. She was BO young —as yet but eighteen years had passed over her head—but she was brave. She saw what her lot must be in this great Castle—a countess, yet an outcast, and she determined to leave it to seek the world—to be lost to Boy Darrell for ever, and thus free him from hiB hateful bondage. She had no one to whom she could go. Farmer Brown and his wife had left England for America, sent by the earl's gold, and Polly had known no other family but them. But despite the difficulties she was determined: life in a garret would be better than this state of gilded contempt and ill-disguised hatred. While she was sitting musing she i ^ard stops «,me along the corrido^ and panse at the door of the boudoir, one took no notice of them, deeming it to be her maid. In another moment a tap came to the bedroom door, and in answer to her summons the handle was turned, and someone came in. "Is that you, Davis?" said Polly, wearily waking from her miserable thoughts. "I do not want you. I shall not dress to-night. I am too tired." There was a strange silence; then rising, and looking round, Folly perceived a man's form before her—the man of whom she had been thinking— her husband, the earL She blushed and uttered a slight exclamation, while she slipped the cards unconsciously into her pocket. Boy was gazing at her in speechless admiration, even though his heart was bitter towards her. Never had he seen a more lovely vision than the shrinking girlish form in the white gown and cloud of golden hair. *' I mast apologise," he said hastily, breaking the silence, " for my intrusion but I wished to speak to you very particularly." "Yes," answered Polly, growing mors couposed, and calling her pride to her help. " I found on my return from our ride that the people around have determined to present an address of condolence and congratulation to me to-night. My mother, in my absenoe, took upon herself the duties of the countess, and organised at once a large dinner, to which the principal people Will be invited. It was necessary to do so, but die entrusted me with her apologies to you for taking your duties on herself and I present tnem to you now" Folly's head drooped; to her sensitive ear this speech ran with bitter sarcasm She answered very low and coldly after a moment's pause: (Zb fo continued.) 