lEit mib Ipitnurr. Every dog lias its day, and the eats seem to te quarrelling over the nights. Why are ripe potatoes in the ground like thieves ? — Because they want taking up. He — 'May I kiss you just once?' She — ' No.' He (unabashed) — ' How many times ?' When has a man a right to scold his wife about his coffee V — When he has sufficient grounds. ? 'Yes, marriage is a lottery, and I'm drawing a prize,' and the young man laughed as he pulled the baby carriage up the stairs. Boy (to his friend who has fallen down a hole) — '1 say, Tommy, if j'ou never should come out of there alive, can I have your bull dog V' gWife — 'New that you have bought a cow, who will milkit'r3 Husband — 'Oh, he says the calf does that. So we'll have all the milk we want.' Jones — ' There is no mistake that gold is the rnly key to success in the world.' Smith — 'You're wrong, old man. The true key to success is made of brass.' ' Can'you support my daughter in the style to which she is accustomed ':' asked her father. 'I can, but I won't,' returned the careful young man ; ' Iin not extravagant.' 'My salary, Angela, is raised from thirty to thirty-five shillings. Will you wed me now ?' 'No, Edwin, it cannot be. A cruel world would say that 1 married you for your money.' A woman may forgive some of the more serious domestic crimes, but she can never forgive her husband for telling her that her hat is on straight when she knows as well as he does that it isn't. 'It seems to me that I have read something similar to this,' said the essayist's wife, giano irg over copy. 'Shouldn't wonder,' he answered, cheerfully ; ' Shakspeare made a ttagger at it once, but without much success.' Customer — ' No go, Mr. Isaacs. I tell yon, for the tenth time, you haven't a coat in your store to suit me. I don't want a plum-colored coat, I want a brown coat !' Isaacs — ' Mine friendt, I assure you on the wordt of a shentle man, dis coat I hold in my hand will fade brown !' Constance — 'I care not for your poverty, George. Let us wed at once. We can live on one meal a day if necessary ' George — ' Can you cook, love Tr' Constance — ' George, I attended a cooking school for two months.' George — 'Then we will wed. I think one meal a day will answer.' Railway Official — 'You had better not smoke, sir.' Traveller — 'That's what my friends say.' Railway Official — 'But you must not smoke, sir.' Traveller — 'So my doctor tells me.' Railway Official (indig nantly) — * ' But you shan't smoke, sir. ' Travel ler — ' Ah. just what my wife says.' Grocer (who has recently joined the Volun teers, practising in his shop) — 'Right, left, light, left, four paces to the rear ; march !' — falls down trapdoor into the cellar. Grocer's wife, anxiously — 'Oh, Jim, are you hurt'?' Grocer, savagely, but with dignity — 'Go away, woman ; what do you know abjut war ':' Mrs. Prentice — 'How do you always manage to have such delicious beef '/' Mrs. Oidhand— 'I select a good honest butcher, and then stand by him.' Mrs. Prentice — '' You mean that you give him all your trade?' Mrs. OJdhand — 'No, I mean that I stand by him while he is cutting off the meat.' A good story has been revived of the reply made by Lord Melbourne to :i political friend who had been importuning him to give the Order of the Thistle to a peer who was more noted for his urbanity than for his great talents. 'Give the Thistle to ? ' said Lord Melbourne, with one of his usual expletive? ; v. Jiy, }n/d t-iit it I' Oliver Wendell Holmes was a classmate of Dr. Clarke at Harvard, and according to the reminiscences of the latter the Autocrat of the Breakfast-Table was as witty then as now. One day the two were talking of metaphysics, when the bright-tongued little great man exclaimed, 'I'll tell you, James, what I think meta physics is like. It is like a man splitting a og. When it is done he has two more to split.' A teacher in a Sunday school was examining a class of little boys from a Scripture catechism. The first question was, ' Who stoned Stephen?' Answer — 'The Jews.' Second question — 'Where did they stone him T ' Beyond the limits of the city.' The third question, ' Why did they take him beyond the limits of the city ?' proved a poser to the whole class. At length a little fellow, who had been scratching his head all the while, looked up and said, 'Well, Idinna ken, unless it was to get a fair fling at him !' It is the small boy who usually tells things, and the dinner table is his favorite theatre. Not long ago a bright little fellow peered over into the dish at the head of the table, and ex claimed— 'What a little chicken for so many people.' The company smiled surreptitiously, and his mother endeavored to quieten him. But he was like Banquo's ghost. After they had all been helped and were eating, his face suddenly lit up, and, clapping his hands, he shouted — 'Oh, yes, I know now, mamma. This is the little chicken that was sick so long in the yard, ain't it.' Once in the Foreign Ofiice a, new chief was taking possession of his i-ooihk and he came face to face with a soldier pacing the passage. He marvelled because the guard gave the word *' Keep to the left.' ' Why do you say ' Keep to the left?'' 'I don't know.' The states man investigated the singular affair and after not a little trouble a clue was found and fol lowed. Fifty years before the passage had been painted, and an orderly had tramped it with orders to bid every one 'keep to the loft' and avoid the wet paint. This oi-der had stood unchanged and practically unquestioned for a term of 00 years. cqxuxnnuMS. Why is a eat oh its hind legs like the Falls of Niagara? — Because it's a cat erect. Why does a piebald donkey never pay toll? —Because his master pays it for him. Why is a talkative man like a young pig? — Because he is likely to become a bore. Why is a tight shoe like a fine summer ? — Because it makes the corn grow. Why is an Englishman like nineteen shil lings ? — Because he is under a sovereign. When is a cow not a cow? — Wiien she is turned into a field. 