' VAIN TALE. FBOM VANITY FAIR." \- tl rnVP-IDEVTl AT, REPORT. , Up there between Quetta and Kinda- ' it fltU rtrj cold in January— a nuty. ' bittnz. bluitennz coli that nips the liver and shortens the temper: that comes whistling roond joor mud-hut witn a north-east wind from off tho snows, snd cracks the shrivelled skin of you like old parchment Tho Colonel blew on his fingers, howled for fresh wood to bo piled upon the fare, and fell to tho contemplation of his thumb ; which was froat-bitten. Before bim unon the table lay tho loath- whb l&eets; of fooIscaD known as the ' Annual Confidential lie porta." Some there were already filled in ; some blank as yet Each was headed by tho aaise of an officer, and fringed by the laoertinent personal riddles set yearly for Commandants to answer. 5ov, even when forced to look from the point of view of disapproval upon nny cot of his "Boys," this honorable, kindly English gentleman held the .system of confidential disparagement in honor. Bat really this morning, what -with ths. cold and the vermin in tho rice \- vhkhhad pat him off his breakfast, aud the extraordinary delay in tho mail tetters, he felt inclined to damn every aua-jidc of thorn," himself included. With irtAlii blizzard searching your bones, and A trapicion of fover in your blovxl, and AOthfoz decent to cat, you don't feel like certifying that every soul under your fptntfff"' is reinarknblo for all the QBfllitiflfl that go to make saints upon ; AMhl ' ) ' ' Anyhow, the Colonel did not feel hko ft He began turning over the sheets with that sickly, languid fueling of revolt ' with which monotony in its unpleasant forms is apt to inspire one after long year of patient grind. lie hated these gnm skeleton sketches in black and white, it waa always tho aamo tiling — lb came weary atruzglo to combine Strict truth with fair words; to put Yea" where it ought to be MKo," ami Ho wbero it ought to bo " Yes." For wen they indeed — all these youths — tetloas in welbdoins, all talented, all tactfdli all of equable temper? Had everyoiio of ihcm been endowed from their cradles with unnatural sagacity and aptitude fur command ? Were they, In short, rcidy-mado Generals from tho moment they entered tho acrvico ? Alas, so I The Colonel's eye wandered to his crippled thumb again, and then back to the sheets under his ojher hand, aud nro- motif fell upon a certain namo bending one of them. Whereupon ho cursed the inthontics in his hcarc for a pack of fools, and signed. It was Thompson— Lieuten- ml William Thompson — known by the Bame of " Billy." \- Tho Colonel took it in his hand aud tighed again. There was nut otic, or hardly one, of' those cut-and-dried ques tions that could bo answered gracefully, yet conscientiously, as regarded this wotmgman. I coahl describe htm in kbree words," groaned tho Colonel ; ht rum -sea rum young devil." Then, for ho liked the- lad, he began fo wonder bow on earth he was to fill up 'that Report. Hu was a keen soldier bun. elf, anu, if truth bo told, hail a partiality for the typo so pithily duscribcu in those throe words. He would rattier liavo suuii with bim in tho field than somo others for whom perchance more could be said en paper. Of such hu knew was tho kincdom of heroes. The ghost of inanv haunting tragedies dime crowding into tho noldicr s mind as he sat fingering that infernal paper. Did ny of. these harsh moral photographs of them, with "Yeses" anu "Nous'in the most unbecoming places, lie rotting tiirpvmaps iu uiu aujuuiui'uviivnit » offices? ' Ho gob up shivering, and kicked tho -logs into a blaze, then returned with tturn determination to tho study of tho vexing Questions in hand. What could ho say for Billy Thompson ? The lad had the temper of a gain© ball-terrier ; the tact .And judgment of a Newfoundland puppy ; nd about as much ability and ac quirement as tho, average English cboolboy. Tho tlioasht of Billy Thomn- on as ornamented with tho complete litt of Confidential Report" virtues was .toothing less than grotesnuo. Hogia need down tho list. Why, that very morning ho had spent a bad half fcour in wigging tho youngster for short- coinings in almost every item. Late Again tor parade. Violent with a Scpny. Hadn't tho faiutcat notion o! his drill; Mad so on. \Vliiinn navtfi ntn 1 In IH' ffiP i ho asked, angrily, tapping the buudlu . of uncompromising papers at which Billy glanced with rueful despair in his honest \- eye. You are distinctly careless, wanting In tact, useless at office-work — what's thu — mse of complaining of your writers, Sir? inattontivo and argumentative. Hidu ? of coureo ; snd that's about nil you're fit for That and tennis ; but unluckily these won't advance you in your prides- sicm, not gain rcBpcct, nor fit you for n , command.'1 Then the Colonel had stolon n look nt the frank, bright face, and thought for the millionth timo how ridiculous it nil tM. The lad trus honorable aud hruvo. Why not trust to timo and trnimcg to do I tho reat I Ho wanted a tight hand over Jriat of courso ; but why bo forced to send «p a nasty, disparaging report of hint to Headquarters ? : Somehow tho Colonel could not find it jfo his heart to do it, and was still worry ing over it, when a telegram waa brought la, addressed " To tho Officer Command ing." This was followed shortly by n lmock at the rough door opening out- wards on to tho cold, wind-swept enclo sure, a struggle to abut tho same, and a toll, amort- looking officer entered, hohuut I In band. . " Ob, that's you, Ilamcrton 1 1 was just going to send for you. Thcro'a a row .< rllp Khunaz way. James of tho Folic© wounded, Gbazia again kUlcd a lot of . people. I'm ordered to send on intelligent ©elrtoloWxuy&tu; tho thing tud report. \- xotrll nave to go. it 11 no a ticuusn jou, but. I can rely upon you. , 1'vo been thinking whom you had better take. You So, I can only sparu ono of two, either itoa or Tltorapton. liatuB 1ms the BgWt head, ana yot Thompson— woll, if It came to blows, somehow 1 should prefer Tbompeon. But do as you like.' As bo aaid this the Colonel instinctively glonoedat the pilo of papon besido liiiu. . Bote namo happened to lio uppermost, QritVito everyaucstion snugly and tioatly Answered. Thompson's had frisked off : a»»r in tho draught of tho opening door, j ' And was but jasti&vedfrym; being chowcd \- .onder the tible bv Hamerton'a puppy, Y who bod followed his master in. . It aboil be littlo Billy," said Major Hamerton to himself ; and proceeded to . ' Iht diacusaion of further dotoils concern- : . Iris oaoort and commissariat arrangements ' for the small expedition. A little' before nightfall they started, a party of 15in all : the two English officers — Bllly in a state of tho wildest joy, and bunting with importauee— a uuficd&r;, . arid twelve Sowars of tho Khunaz Horse. A second telegram had been received toon ' after the first, saying that the .Gharis, who were; few in . number, had taken themselves off; that a, native hospital. aasiitant 'was in clmrge of Jamss, the .wounded police officer i and that he was to bo brought ' book hie re, becauso there waa no other ; European, dactor nearer than Quetta. 'Hopewe come serosa tho beggars." \- Billy mM jttefoliy. But the Colonel, who had ridden out a ' ' little way wlth the party, and had wished them good look," found, hii aelf aaying ' tonethmg like s prayer In hu heart, for Y v 6a. safe aetom oCthatwo &un;,.who were, in his opinion, tbo very pick of the regiment. In times of peace, these inglorious little brashes, with sneaking Ghazis are nut among the picasantest/caiurca of service in Afghanistan. To an old soldier they savor too much of that potting from behind hedges with which tho Irish peaesntry have familiarised as, and to which no military glory is attached. He docs not care about sending out good men to furnish targets for skulking devils, who havo no ground of qusnre), but sre merely possessed of a fanatical desire to spill Feringhec blood. Wherefore tho Commanding Officer was ill at ease, and for the next two days there fell a dulnesa and a malaiso upon evcrybodv in camp. Like the induenzs, it attacked them all, from tho Colonel downward; only, as Kip ling says. that is another story. It was in the spring of IS'jO that the influenza came sweeping over Afghanis tan, death-laden from crowded European cities. It was when April had cast its brief ethereal sf»cU U|m this barren spot, snd had woven a fairy carpet of flowers all over tho plain, teaching tho grim landscape tho meaning of a smile. Only for a few beautiful days in r.il the year is tho ground moist and fragrant, and covered with dclicatcshort-lived blossoms. Like lovely ghosts, they come and go — the white wild hyacinth bells, the small red tulip, thu exquisite purplo iris. It was with these sweet visitors that the iuffuenza came, dealing suffering and death among the lonely scattered out posts, whero comforts are few, and luxuries for tho sick unprocurable. But in this January, the plain was barren of any rordure or vegetation, savo for a leafless scrub that grows low upon tho earth arid gives out a fragraucc resembling that of wild thyme. And you could sec right away to the horizon in one direction, and ss far as a chain of low rocky hills in tho other. Upon the third day after the departure of the expedition, tho Colonel rodo out to reconnoitre along with the doctor, who was always game for a ride. The Com manding Officer was more anxious than hu allowed to Appear. Some how a two years' sojourn in those dreary wilds draws men very close together when they are nude of good stuff. The party ought to havo returned ere this, and the Colonel's heart was disquieted within liiiu. Ho wan scanning thu horizon carefully, when suddenly ho pulled up ami Bonded his eyes. "What's that littlo cloud of dust, doctor? Is it a 'devil' or a conplu of horsemen f" Tho doctor, whose ©yes were younger, answered that it was no "devil," but horsemen, and that they wcro making for camp. "By Jove!" exclaimed tho Colonel, tvith his field-glasses up, "it ia — its Thompson ami a .Suwnr !" In another moment they wcro cutting acro/s to meet them. Billy was riding a length or two in front, and his jaded hotau puiled up of its own accord as he ho ucarcd thu ap proaching riders. Thu Sowar saluted and remained stolidly immoveablo in the background. Both tnun aud horses were caked with dust, and wore a weary, de jected air. " We're bringing In James all right. .Sir," answered Billy in resq>orifitt to thu Colonel's questioning gesture. " But we had a fight -fihaziu, this tide Khunaz, Haiiieiton'h badly wounded. I've come on for the doctor ; his only chnuco. Tito blackfellow bolted who was looking after J a men. Can thu doctor go at once. Sir. This Sowar want's a frcoh lioitc. that's all." After a' word or two with the Command- nnt, tho doctor sped towards camp with the Sowar at his heels. He- panned for a moment by the bido of Billy, and looked him iu thu face. " I aliall ho under wav in ten minutes." lie said. " Look here, old fellow, . you've had about enough ; go homo nnd turn in." Ho was struck by the look of agooy utid inoutal btiaiuou the boy's face. After that tho Colonol got vory feu- words out of him. lie sow that the vouug fellow was done up, and questioned him littlo. His mouth was parched, so that ho could with difficulty articulate. Ills btrotig young figure was l«>vved over the horsu's neck. As thoy were Hearing camp, the doctor with his oscoit rode our, aud called buck noiuo cheering words to him. Five minutes later they wcru out of sight. Once within camp limits thu Colonel dismounted, ami giving his horse over to a syce, walked In-side tho young officer's honto with his hand on its neck. Several fallows came up with greetings and con- gratulntiuiiK "Cou»o straight to mc£S and have something to drink before you toll m> anything," said tho Colonel, taking hold of the home's hriulo as he spoke. At the name moment ho felt it slacken within ht«. grasp, ami looking up he saw that Billy was reeling in iiiu saddle, and that his lips wore bloodless. " I —I think I'm done," ho muttered feebly, aud fell sideways off his horse into Hie CoIojicI'k arms. They carried him aver to the mesn and began taking off his military great-coat. Then something mudo him open liin eyes, nml his faco took a little bravo distorted untile. "Jfoid hard!" hu gasped, "I think l'vo got a bullet ftOMiowhcrc, ami— and — my urm's stusbhod." Wliy, damn it !" groaned thu Colonel, laying him gently down, and looking round ujhui the cirelo of horroro-triekun flees, "ho know this, and lie has cent uwny the dostur !" It was houiu weeks before Mtijorllnmcr- ton was nblelo tell thu atoryot Lieutenant Thompson's heroic conduct — how when lio himself was wounded and at thu mercv of tho inunlurors, tho ymmg officer de fended him Hiiiglc-htiitdud ; how aftcr- ivnrdft ho pushed ou into Khunnz, and brought out James of the 1'ohcu moro dead than nlivo ; and now, finally, while concealing tho fact that ho lmd been shot iu tho right unii, ho rodo forty milts in to gut thu doctor, and thus for thu sceond tune, saved tho Major's life. was out of daiu'or, Tho wound hnd set up inflammation ami fever from over exertion, and tho long timo that htul of necessity elapsed before skilled care cmld , l)o bestowed upon it ; and fur weeks it was feared it would go hard with Billy. But in tho end tho " harum-scarum youug devil " got well, and the Colonul lmd tho pleasure of rending up a " Con fidential Report" of a vory suporior kind, together with a brilliant pendant ; which has resulted iu tho bestowal of tho much-coveted Victoria Crorn upon Lieutenant William Thumpson, of Oura. 