CHAPTER XII. There are a few occasions in one's life when the soul has it all its own way, when the needs of its tyrant companion, the body, are forgotten or ignored for a time at least This was one of those tare occasions for Sylvia and Ronald, and it was long after noon before they realised that even the happiness of the gods does not long exempt man from the cravings of weak mortality. In a word, they were hungry, and suddenly remembered that , many hours had elapsed since their last meal, an early breakfast " It must be late 1" exclaimed Sylvia. , " Look how low the son is 4" " It is half-past four," said Ronald, looking , at his watch instead." "Is it possible? Daddy will think I am lost, : and Colonel Maodonald most have been : waiting tor you and wondering too. And oh, ltonala! that work you had to look after on ; the station.'' " Never miMthat,deareat," replied Ronald, ; laugh I^have done the beat dj^'ework On drawiiut neatthe house ? surprised, beyond measure, to hear her mother talking and laughing on the verandah. From the shrill tone the girl knew she was in one of her hysterical, ex cited moods, those moods tlmt always pained and shocked her, she scarce knew why. " It is so delightful to see you, Mac ! her mother was exclaiming. " It makes me young again. What would I not give for one year of the old life ! Oh to be able to dance again-just for one hour!" "Claire!" exclaimed her lvuslmnd, as he caught sight of Sylvia. " You knew me. Mac," Mrs. Weston went recklessly on, when I was young and happy ! If you only knew what a beast of a life I've had since then ! I would willingly let all the rest of it go for one hour of the old time." " I don't think you know Mrs. Weston, Falconer," her husband interrupted, again, in the hope of stopping her. " Claire, this is Mr. Falconer, our neighbour, whose mother is BO kind to Sylvia." His wife bowed slightly, but beyond that took no notice of the newcomer. " Whathas become of Jack Fitz-Hugh ?" she j asked, turning to the colonel again. Here Sylvia, who saw her father was look ing nervous and uncomfortable, created a diversion by calling Ronald to the tea table, at which Jane, who now stood glowering in the background, had been busying herself. Mr. Weston followed his daughter. " So you have come home at last!" lie said. " I thought you had quite deserted me. Here have I been prowling about like the poor Beast in the fairy story, when the faithless Beauty failed to return to him." " Poor old daddy!" said Sylvia, and her pity was not all for the grievance complained of, but mostly for another, much more serious, yet to come. " Why, there's Ferries!" exclaimed the colonel, ' riding over the hill." "AVhatcan he want?'' exclaimed Konald, frowning slightly, and then, catching Sylvia's j eye, he went on with a smile, " Oil, I don't mind him now!'' It turned out that the newcomer was the bearer of a message from Mrs. Falconer, to the effect that it was impossible for her and the other ladies to leave the bazaar, and that consequently the gentlemen must dine with out them. Here Mrs. Weston, who had become very quiet, and had never taken her eyes off Ferries's face since he appeared, suddenly exclaimed, to the great surprise of her hus band and daughter, and also to that of j Konald, who knew her recluse habits- j Then you must all stay and dine with j me. I will take no denial. I am very ill, and | must be allowed my own way." She looked so fragile as she spoke that a I sudden impulse of pity and tenderness quite | obliterated from Ferries's mind the mixture of surprise and disappointment he had ex perienced at first at the somewhat mere tricious appearance of the mother of the j girl he admired. " I will stay with great pleasure," he said, answering her appealing glance. " And I, also, said the Colonel, but in a very different tone to that of Ferries, for he | was puzzled and somewhat troubled by Mrs. Weston's manner towards the young man. ! As soon as it was settled that the three visitors would remain to dinner, Jane, who was as invaluable as she was unpleasant,dis appeared to superintend the preparations for the unexpected entertainment Mrs. A\ eston now devoted herself as en tirely to Ferries as she had done before to Macdonald, but in quite a different tone. The hysterical mood seemed to have passed, and she lay back in her chair, and talked quietly to the young man, who became more and more aware of lier wonderful grace and beauty. At first he had only seen in her a tall, slight woman, no longer young, and with hair and complexion undoubtedly touched up. An hour later she was lying on the sofa in her own room, crying and sobbing violently, while Jane tried vainly to soothe her. "Jane, Jane," she cried ; " he made me think or my own boy-my own deserted; child! Why did you let me leave him? Why did I not endure Crawford'6 brutality ? My life could not have been worse than it has been. Oh why, why, why?" "It isn't the sight of that young man that's I set you off-it's that old Macdonald, devil' take him! Why couldn't he have stopped where he was instead of coming here and | rooting us out?" Jane's blood was up at the sight of her mistress's grief, and her fierce black eyes glittered with rage. [ All trace of this storm had vanished from Mis. Weston's face when, later on, she ] floated into the hall, where the little party had assembled before dinner. Her wonder ful grace of movement struck them all, and ! in Macdonald it awoke memories long buried. j As -usual, she wore a long, trailing gown of j soft silk. It was white this evening, and diamonds glittered about it like ice on snow. Some unanalysed feeling had restrained her from painting her face, and when she entered j the room it was as white as her gown. Vividly before Macdonald's mind Hashed the recollection of the night be had first be held her. Then, as now, she was in white ;i then, as now, the diamonds about her j glittered like points of light, and then, as now, her face was very pale. He saw Weston, too, as be then was, young, handsome, full of life and spirit. He could hear his very words, and see a^ain the expression of rapture that came info his boyish face as he gazed at the woman destined to ruin his life. " Kismet!" murmured the colonel with a deep-drawn sigh. Never before bad Sylvia seen her mother look so beautiful as on that evening, for as she grew more and more animated the colour rose to her lips and ckceks. At dinner, the conversation turned on bush life in Australia, and Ferries Baid he thought it must be delightful. " Delightful J" exclaimed Mrs. Weston. " If being buried before you are dead is de lightful, it may be." " But I really don't think one would be more completely buried here than in some of the old cbjmtry houses in England-the one in which I was born and passed my childhood, for instance, in Yorkshire." Here Mrs. Weston started and nervously pressed fcer handkerchief to her lips, whilst Weston and Macdonald exchanged anxious looks. Ferries, whose eyes were fixed on his plate, Went calmly on, quite unconsoious of the sensation he was producing. " Yes for deadly dulness I think Manor - park would take the palm, anywhere in the world. Such a *at-run, ghost-ridden barracks you were never in ! There was always a maid servant tumbling down in a fit, and swearing she had Been one of the many spectres supposed to walk about the place, at all hoprs of the day and night My father, wisely, kept away, but l, poor motherless little wretch, hjiu no choice !" "Wbatwaa your father's name?" asked Mrs. Weston, in a vo>oe so strange that it immediate' Whobad Ronald. KpUsd The next instant all was confusion, and Weston had rushed to hiB wife, just in time to save her from falling from her chair. "Call Jane!" he cried, with Sylvia's assist ance gently lowering his wife to the floor. To their dfamay, they saw a tiny stream of bright red issuing from her mouth, and trickling down and staining the snowy whiteness of her gown. " What's the matter ?" cried Jane, rushing in. "Oh, it's just what I expected!" she added, when she caught siglrt of her miBtress. now prostrate on the floor. " You should never have let her come in to dinner! You might have know she hadn't the strength for it. Help me to carry her. Don't shake her!" With her master's assistance, Jane gently lifted and carefully carried the dying woman, for dying she was, into her room ana laid her on the bed from which she would j never rise again. " Why did you not tell me ?" asked Weston, of Macdonald, later on, a world of reproach in his voice. " My dear old fellow, I did not know it myself. I had not thought of Frank Craw ford for years, and had no idea this was his son-and hers." The two young men departed, awestricken and silent, but the colonel remained to try and comfort his old friend. The early dawn of the following morning found that old friend sitting alone in his study, pondering, with an aching head and an aching heart over the ev erlasting problem of life and death. It found, too, the young girl lying, still dressed, 011 her bed, asleep trom exhaustion, with the undried tears on her white cheek. Also, the faithful servant, weeping bit terly and despairingly,- by the side of the couch on which lay the dead body of the only being the fierce, liurd woman had ever loved. There is little more to be told. The theatricals at Waratah did not come off, for the colonel settled down at Derrimut, and devoted himself to his friend. Jane became more morose than ever after her mistress's death, and rudely refusing the generous gift Mr. Weston offered in re cognition of her long and faithful service, she left Australia, and returned to her native place in the north of Ireland. Time went on, and Iionald married Sylvia, after having heard from her father all the story of her parentage. Later 011 Macdonald succeeded in persuading Weston to go to Europe with him for a trip, and when he returned he was healthier both in body and in mind. But one word more. Ferries never sus pected who the beautiful woman was whose life he nearly saw the end of, and after his marriage he sent Sylvia a diamond owl, as a slight tribute, he 6aid, to the wisdom she had displayed in advising him to the course of conduct by which he had won for his bride the girl he loved. THE Em 