Ipteratae. SHOE CLUB. By FINCH MASON, Author 61 'Tit- Bits of the Tart,' 'Holiday Spotting Stories,' ' Humors of the Hunting field,' ''Twaa the Dog that Brought the News,' ' A Eeal Good Thing,' &Q.; IPuWIahea by special arrangement with the author. \- All rights reserved.! ^HE PAD GROOM'S STOKY 'It always beats me, Mr. BIobs,' observed \- -Skinner, tbe saddler in the High-street, one evening, addressing a smart, dapper looking $enonage, who could not honestly be mistaken ?for anything but what be was— a swell stud groom. ' It always beats me how the diokina *t is that your lady has never married. With . such a face and auoh a figure, not to mention Aer seat on 'osBbacfc and bee hands, it oertalnly is a marvel that nobody's wanted to pop her tritb doable harness long before this. The way ?he had the field the other day in that good «rooasdid my 'art good to see, that it did. I think 1 aee her now a oomin' at the Sonaham twook fifty miles an hour, and yet with her 'oss ?veil in band all the time. It was a tare treat, that's what it was, and nothing bet it.' 'It ain't been for want of askm', Mr. -Skinner, yon may depend,' replied the other, 41 Bless ye, sheVad boffers by the ecore hefore now. and not one of. *em with a ghost ol a chance if they nonly knew. No, no. Single ?he is, and single she ia likely to remain, you nay be sure. There never was bat one in the running, and he's been underground, X-oor feller, this ten years. It was a Bad story, very sad,' said Mr. Bioss^ahakiag bis head in amelohanoholy mannac'^teTwbite lie took a solemn gulp at bis gin ta»a Water. 'At I I thought probably there was a season,' replied the sadoler, 'most of us *ave a akelintun in the cupboard I expeot, if weonly knew.' 'PVapa,' added he. looking slyly found at She company, 'yon Broulda'tmind relabn'the circumsianoe to us, Mr. Bioaa, if not of too. private a nature.' ? - ' Haar, hear,' pronounced the company, ' ?nd 'very properly put, Mr. Skinner, sir,' .from Drocer, tbe vet. _ , . s« I'm quite agreeable. I'm sure, gentlemen,'.. .said the swell grotm politely, and suiting bis action to the woid be at once plunged into the .following story:— t 'A WOMAN'S REVENGE.' It is Jast thirteen years ago, gentlemen, oome vest July, that I took servioe with Miss \- -Ooverly, or rather, I Bhould say, with Squire : Ooverly, ber father ; my duties being to super intend Her bones only and attend ber in her rides and pilot ber when she went hunting, as ? the squire, owing to hie increasing years, having given np riding to hounds, though he hati the «eputaUcn of having been as hard as any of 'em in bis day. Pilot her did I Bay? I should like to see the man who could follow ber, let alone pilot ber, or come near if it comes to that ! he'd -be a something ont of the common way, I fancy. I knew it was as much as I could do, lightweight as I was (I'm not any heavier now, if it comes to that.Jttr. Bloss remarked paren thetically as he cast an endearing glance at bis tight trousered legs, whioh were decidedly of Dne 'broorcBtick' order) to live with her, and ? *s for piloting her, well I should have been \- tveoious sorry to try, that's all. I fancy I can «de a bit too. I did ought to, anyhow ; for I fcegan life as a lad in the racing stables at New anatfcet ; and after that rode second 'obb to Sir Gilbert Northcote in Leicestershire for five fears before I got to the bis etudgroom, only leaving him at his death, when I went to Squire Ooverly as I have just told yon. 2airneld Hall, where tbe squire and his daughter lived all by themselves, was situated in tbe heart of ooe of the best bunting counties . jn England. Nearly all grass it wasj and the 'fences as big as the fields, which was Baying a good deal, I -can tell yon. Three packs of ?bounds were within reach, so that we had no difficulty in hunting six days a week. Not that there would have been much difficulty in any case, for sooner than not hunt Miss Ooverly would have got up in the middle ot the night, I verily believe. Distance was no object with her, I can tell you, nor weather either. Nothing but the hardest ot frosts ?topped «e, I do assure you. Well, I really don't think I ever 'was so happy in my life before ; I might almost say I lived the life of a gentleman. Fond of hunting, fonder still of ziding over * country mounted on horses with quality enough about 'em fdr a king to ride, the best of good living, and lastly a mistress srho any one, I don't care who, would bare been proud to serve ; what more «onld a man want? As I have said I shall have lived in her service now (and I believe I have given every satisfaction) going on for 13 years, and I wish for nothing better than to end my days in it. I'm not the only cue as e»ya that, either. I don't believe there's ? dependent belonging to her« of any sort, who wouldn't die ior ber willingly to-morrow, that Z don't. And the poor people all round about ber neighborhood just the same, Though she ban let the hall ever sinoe the sad event I'm ?going to tell yon about happened, she never . forgets the old people. They have the coals and the blankets and the beef every Christmas Insttheaameas it she was there. If there's ?-- any particular case ot distress in the village \----- the parson has only got to wtite, and it is relieved at once. 'Do your ?famnew' goon like that?' de . aeacded Mr. Bloas whh a snort of defiance. ?'Not they ! and if anybody was to tell me as they did I shouldn't believe them, so it's all the came' Well, gentlemen, yon all of yon know her by tight* to I needn't enlarge abont her looks. Anyhow, I fancy you will all agree that so far as beauty goes, the is very faatd to beat. I only with you could have seen her 13 yews ?go, ana I think you would have said a more lovtl» young lady yon never dapped eyes on. .. The beauty is there etili— where, I should ' like to ask, would you match those violet eyes of her**, and that chesnut hair '! Bat the happy expression she used to wear so perpetual is gone — that's where it is — gone, never to return, I very much fear. I don't think I ever saw in J^icsetershite or any whera else *o many bard riding ladies aa there were in our part of the world, but not one of '«n, ate* ye, could come nigh us, muoa less ''cutus down and 'ang us np to dry,' as the e»yii-e is. X xather think, indeed, that it was aa understood thing among the ladies of ftbe bunt that they recognised our superiority, pud Bjbe was so sweet with it all that it was : pDpor able for one to ne jealous. I think they . *ere*U too fond of ber for that. There waa ©ne exception though, and that was Miss Lyle. ? ol.Crowbewy Park— » woman of thirty I ?bould aay, &»d a great heiress. I forget ho* nsneb ate c&tne; into at ber father's derth, but it «as ft rue cum of o.oney. Saa wasn't bad looking waa Mies Lyle, in fast some people wsuld call her handsome, but she always Onied a croes, discontented look on ber face, and I've seen those black eyebrows of hers oon teaot when an j thing went wrong out hunting, «ttch as being crusted at a fence, or her horse GethapB not balancing himself as he ought, in * manner that boded ill for Bomebody. Siia was a splendid horsewoman, and as jealous of aa, bless you, as possible. I've seen her grind her teeth and turn white with passion when, as was frequently the case, we got the brush friven to m, I shall never, if I live to be as old ai Methnsalem, forget a scene at the end of a run with tbe Duke of Downahire's hounds one day soon after I went into those parts. We had had a very fast thing from Blesungton Gone— five and forty minutes as bard as ever we could go, winding np with a kill in the open. We had gone as usual owdacious, and close to our skirts all tbe way was MisB Lyle riding, as jealous as blazes. She did all she knew to get on texxcBwithns, but she never quite managed it, though ebe waB on her best horaes I believe. You see, where ber fault lay was the want of knowledge of paoe and lack of judgment in takiog her fences, and those weie tbe very two points where we excelled so. I often used to Bay to ids self as I watohed her in a run, sailing away, apparently in an easy canter, bat ia reality going at a thundering paoe that tew could keep up with. ' What a splendid steeplechase rider you'd have made, Miee, it you'a been born a mau t' Welle 'Tom Tootler the huntsman off with the bin 6b, aod the duke comes np with it in bis hand to give it to my lady, who richly de served it, But inete&d; of takiog if, what does she do but leans over and whispers something in his grace's ear. He smiles and bjwa. foe like everybody e-se with whom she oomeB into contact with, her word was law with hm, and goeB off with the brush to Miss Lyle, who was Bitting on her chestnut 'oss quite bandy, and off with bis hat. made her the boldest of bows, and Baying Eomethicg of a flowery nature— the duke was as soft with his tongue to the ladies as he was rocgh with the men. My ! he could cues acd swear, if you like !— presented her with the brnsh. And what do you think she did ? IcBtead of taking it as a compliment she flushed np crimson with anger, her black eyeB sparkled again, and her eyebrows con tracted until tbey nearly met, while she blurted out before all of em, ber voice quite hoarse— 'It's very kind ot you, duke, but I don't caie abont other people's leavings.' And with that, sb if seized with a Budden fit of rage, Bhe snatched the fox's brush out ot hia grace's 'and, threw it on the ground at his feet, and turning her horse sharp round rode off the field at a gallcp. The duke stared, as well he might, for a second, and then piokiug up the brush burst into a roar of laughter. ' Well,' Bays he, ' ' it nobody'U have it dashed if I don't keep it for myself ,' and bo saying he puts it into his pocket and settled the matter in that way. That's what oame. you see, of trying to do a good-natured action, for that's entirely what it waa on my lady's part, and ehe told me as we rode home that day how sorry ehe was about it, and how her least intention was to hurt Miss Lyle's feelings. It made ber quite unhappy I could see, and I be lieve ebe wrote to Miss Jealous that very night to ?ay so. But it was always my belief that Miss Lyle bated ns like poison, and later on I found that I was sight. Oh, she waa a bad vindictive woman that Miss Lyle, and I don't wonder that nobody abont her bad a good word to say of her. Tbey said she led the poor lady who was her companion np at tbe hall the life ot a dog, sod her maid just the same, I don't wonder the men .fought shy of her in spite of her riches. Theywere-all afraid of her its my belief. I did-irear that a curate having fallen, in love with either -herself or her money— the latter most iikelj— trieS it op And was Been to leave (he ball five nunufiBB after Wards a r good deal quicker than'4tetafme, and minus his hat, wbich came flying ont of the drawing-room window after him, As yet. if I mhtake not, I have only men tioned the ladies of the hunt and said nothing about the men— well, they were a hard riding lot' on the whole, decidedly a hard riding lot, and among these two or three out and-outers* tbe eort of men who were capable of taking the laid, acd what is more important, keeping it in any company. Of oourse there was a beat — there always is with every pack of hounds — and our show man waa young Mr. ObarleB Peyton, of Dauby Hall. I really think, young «b he was, be waB the best horseman I ever saw. The family was very poor, and Mr. Charles not having the 'money. to. buy expensive cattle had to breed faiB'Owb hunters, an1 make 'em too, I can tell you, Host of those he rode were bred on the estalet^tpdgauoDally he would buy one at a low £gnre-3jMBJfcH»bably that no one else could 'riSe, ai&Ht;£e«nd ©f the season would pro bably sell bioi for ten times what he gave for him. One little brown 'obb he pioked np for thirty sovereigns I saw him myself jump aoma rails alongside the railway that no one else would have, and be sold him the Bame day for three hundred guineas. Oh, yes, the whole of tire bunt was proud of him, I can tell yon ; and when be rode for the first time in the Hunt Onp, at tbe annual spring meeting, yon oonld scarcely get an offer against him from the bookies at last, the natives made him ancft a hot favorite, and he landed their money too for them in fice etyle. After this he toofc fc j riding a good deal in steeplechases, and had a mount in all the principal races the following year, including the Grand National, If the horse be rode at Aintree bad. been as good as his rider he couldn't have lost? aa it waa he ? was nowhere. Lor' bless yer 1 half the country journeyed to Liverpool to see him win, paople who ban never been there before in their lives . —And backed his mount through thick and thin, though it was pretty well kpowni-in, fact Mr, Charles told everyone bo himself, that the hone had no chanoe. The very next spring, as luck would have it, the Grand National Huat, who as I suppose you -&te; aware hold their meeting in a 'dif- ferent place every year, fixed on our county for their races. I wieh, gentlemen, from the bottom of my heart that tbe Grand National Hunt had never been thought of. Such a Bentiment, coming from my lips, may poseibly seem to you ont of plaoe, but when I think what sad results aros9 from this particular meeting, my feelings get the better of me, Well, of course, it was rather an important event in the county. Everybody filled their houseB with company expressly for the oooa ? sion ; several balls were eiyen on the strength of it ; beds were at a premium in the town of Bisborough, whioh was the nearest point to the course ; in fact, the whole county went mad over the event. There was a first- class entry, not only in number, but in quality— gome of the hones having a great reputation in private. Oddly enongh the only competitor in the race hailing from enr part of the world was one belonging to Mibb Lyle— a five-year-old cheanut mare called Evening Star, by Astronomer out of Brilliant. A fine slashing mare she was, and a magnificent fencer, though rather* apt to get her bead up and take too much out of herself . if she did not get exactly her own way. Her mietresB not being very popular the entry was not taken muoh notice of at first, but when it came ont, whioh it did about a week before the races, that Miss Lyle bad requested Mr. Charles Peyton to ride her 'obs as a particular favor to herself, and that he hadoonEented to do bo, there waB snob, a rasa to get on to his mount that I'm blessed if the mare wasn't made Bteond favorite from sheer weight of money and nothing else, Well, the important day arrived, and a very fine one it was— the eun shone brightly; the wind, though in the eaet, kept down ; ia faot, it looked as it the clerk of the weather was on his very beEt behavior expressly for the occasion. Ob, there was a crowd, I can tell you 1 There were 16 runners in the Grand National Hunt Steeplechase, and a rare good-looking lot of hunters they were. It was put about that there was a real rood thing for it in the favorite, a horse called Chasseur d'Afrique, by Zouave, They called him grey, bat he was in reality a black, ticked with a few white hairs, and Euoh a beauty ! as handsome aB paint, as fit bb a fiddle, and the best gentleman rider in England on Mb back. You muBt have a good look in, eaid I to myself, and I walked ofi to the stand and put a eon pie of sovereigns on bim at 4 to 1. The money on tbe favorite of course came from the knowing ones, but you ehould have eeen the natives a putting of it down on Evening Star. It'll be bad for some of the small fry outside if he wics, I thought, as I watched the yokels putting on their silver to back ber. 'Ar say, manter,' I heard one ot them Bay to an outside betting man, 'wbat be there a bettin' against Mutter Obarles's ohatnoe ?' ' Mister Charles 2 wby there ain't no sioh 'one, stupidhead !' re plied Booky. ' Ob, yeas there be ; I means 'im in the blue and jailer wots just gone down. Look, yonder be be,' pointing to Mr Peyton, who haviog cantered down was now walking bis hone baoJr. 'Yon means Evening Star,' exclaimed Booky. 'Wby didn't you say so at firat? Five to one to sou. How much? Come, look charp !' 'Foive ebillirgs,' replied Mr, Ghawbaoon, pnllitiR a ciowd out of hie pocket and banding it over with a bread grin in exchange ior a ticket. It bsj b a gcod deal, I think for the quality of the con-p! titurs that, notwithstanding the contitrs was decidedly on the big side, being all ttatpral fencFB indeed, with tbe exception of the brook, hardly any of the borses made a Bbiet&fee;, and a rtile from home twelve oat of tbe fifteen were well in tbe race and guiag fcteady. Ooroi»g up to the last hurdle, aevea bontB were bo dose together that yoa could have covered them with a sheet, conepiouona in ebe centre being the bright amber and one hooped jacket worn by Miss I-yle'e jookey. So bitotjg and well was the mare going that already a roar west up from the stand of ' Evening Star wins !' As they oatna nearer the hmcles I notioed how strong and well my no»»e Cbsppenr o'Afriqne was poiDt? — palling -i noble, in fact. ''It's either tne Oaa^Beur or JJvt-Bicg Star for a bapdred !' I rxoiaiaaB-l as tbe pair cutce on touching oce anotber. Up he rcee at tbe tuicilee. The mare juoiped the en rplcudid, acd eo would toy horse bat for tbe brute who wo? on the othet side of him, who swrrvJDg apaiDSt biro, nearly throwing tbe sou Ot Zonave elap down. As it wa«, Mr. George wbo waa rioiog him pulled Mai together ia the uicst aitktic scanner I erer saw, and set him going againi but he had lost too muoh ground to recover himself j and Mr. Charles sending his hone along the moment he saw what bad happened managed to win by a length, amidst such cheering and waving of hata as I never saw equalled on any racecourse. Mind ye, the other one would have won but for that nnfor tunate cannon, for he made up hiB lost ground in an astonishing way. However, it was the fortune ot war, and had to be put up with like a good many other things. Well, having lost my money, I thought I'd saunter about the ooarBe and look about me a bit, and in my wanderings I found myself close to Miss Lyle's carriage, just as her successful jookey came up to congratulate her on her horse'* victory and to receive fcer'a in return. I (scarcely knew the woman, do you know, Bhe looked eo bappy — eo different to what ehe generally did. I'm sure, oat hunting some titneB, tbe expression on her face would tarn cream sour. Saja I to myself as I saw the look Bhe gave Mr. Charles, ' If you're not in love, my lady, for onsa in your life. I'll never judge by a woman's face strain. Tbere is suoh a thine, Miee, as being disappointed in love, mind you ain't, that's all ; for I ray t her think that Mr. Coacles'e aSeocions are bsstotred already— to a charming young creature, too, aB you're not in the hunt with.' 'And now won't you have some luncheon? You mnst want it after your ride,' I beard her Bay to her jockey, putting on a languishing eort of look in her big black eyeB that I shouldn't have thought her capable of *' No thanks, Miss Lyle,' replied Mr. Charles. ' I am afraid I -nast ask you to ex cuse n.e( The faot is.' he blurted ont, ' I picmietd to have lunch with the Covetlya directly I had been to congratulate yoa.' ' Ob, by all meanB go ; keep your engage ment,' said Mibb Lyle, drawing beraell up and looking as black aB thunder. ' I would not be the means of preventing yon enjojing the de lightful Bocitty of the fascinating Misa Ooverly for worlds.' I don't think Mr. Charles noticed the spiteEul way tbe Bpoke ; anyhow, he said nothing, bat taking ofi his bat and wishing her good bye off he walked p»Bt her. 'Check mate for you, you vixen,' thinks I to myeelf. 'If I look at your faoe any more it'll spuil my appetite for lunch, so I'll elope eg too,' and I accordingly followed Mr. Ohatles to our carriage, where sat the squire and hie daughter jubc commencing their lunoh. Ob, how prond my yonng lady looked aB Mr. ObarleB described the incidents of the race to ber. It didn't wa&t; much discrimination to tell wbat was agoing on in that quaiter. Why, anyone could see wth halt an eye that each of 'em worshipped the ground t'other walked upon. And made by nature for one another, the same tastes in common, the same love of riding aeroaa the country. I never see suoh a wt-11 matched pair for double harness in all my born days. And harnessed together tbey would bave been too if it hadn't baen for that entEed steeplechase, in a manner, and Miss Lyle. When I think of it it makes me downright rued, that it does. Well, shortly after the race, won by Miaa Lyle's mare, the last meets of the duke's hounds were advertised. And high time, too, for the farmers had begun to trim the hedges, the lambs were skipping about, and the woods all full of violets and primroses, all going to show that spring bad arrived in real earnest. About the same time another event was given out, wbioh I for one was not surprised at, for I had seen it ooming on for Borne time past, with only great pleasure yon may depend, and wbich was tbe engagement of Mr, Charles Peyton to my dear yonos lady. That night, gentlemen, for the fint time for many yean, I took more than was good for me in the way of drink and am not in the feast ashamed to own it. Of course, though we didn't expect muoh sport we attended those final meets, and of course Mr. Charles Peyton (growing tenderer and tenderer each day to someone) was one of the party. It was on a Thursday, I remember, and it was the very last fixture but one, that being on the following Saturday The three of ua rode np to the reset (Mr. Charles had pioked us up half way), and as we got there the very firat pereon we met, sitting on her horse, not a soul speaking to her, as usual— for somehow people, suen especially, never seemed to oottoatoher— was Mibb Lyle, looking paler than UBnal to my mind and with a great uncanny sort of look tb»t I never remembered to have notioed be* fore on her face. To my great surprise she aotually of her own accord cause forward to meet ub and greeted my lady and Mr Charles in the moat friendly gitpt to say affectionate way— overwhelming 4mm with oongratulationB. '^'Why not?' say you. 'Swely a very natural thing for her to do.' To whioh I reply, 'certainly very natural?'' but then, don't you see, she never went on in that sort of a way as a rule, so you can hardly wonder that I felt rather inrprised. Indeed, I couldn't help Bay ing to myself, 'What's in the wind, now, I wonder ?' 'ttood morning, Miss Ooverly ; good morn incr, Mr, Pe»ton,' Bays she in the most affable manner possible, acd smiling away all over her' faoe aB if the sight of the pair of 'em was as' welcome to her as flowers in May. \- ' I waa particularly anxious to aae you, Mr. Peyton, before the hounds were oS to draw,' ebe went on, ' because,' says she, ' I want to ask you to do me a very great favor.' ?? ' You've only got to name it, Miaa Lyle,' an ewertd Mr. ObarleB in his pleasant way. 'and it's done, if, that is to say.' he added, 'it lies ?in tpf power.' 'Oil, it'e qnite in your line, I assure yoa,' wbb t^ie laughing reply. ' Nothing more than to ride a new horee I bave jnist bought next Batutday and tell me what yon think of him. He only arrived from London yesterday and I haven't the pluck to ride him myself or I wonldn't ask you. He's quite thoroughbred, and I think you'll say he looks like going. At ' ail events, if you will ride him for me and tell me if you think he is quiat enough for me to ride. We poor timid women, you know, Mr, Peyton, bave Buoh things as nerves, and I fear I am not exempt from the failing.' Well, thought I, that's pretty warmf that is. Why, of all tbe determined 'osawomen I ever Bet eyes on I think you're the fiercest. Nerves! Wby, I don't believe you've got such a thing as - a nerve about you ! 'I shall be most happy, I'm sure, Mibb , Lyle,' replied Mr. Charles, At the same time be added ' you will excuse my saying that I can't agree with you as to your want of nerve, for I don's think I ever saw a more determined horsewoman than yourself. Anyhow, if you'll send tbe eteed in question to the meet on Saturday I'll get on him and see what he's made of. I don't Buppose we sball have much of a day as there's so very little scent just now, but I can lark tbe new purchase over a fence or two if it comes to the worst— can I not V Now I don't know how it was, but I had a sort of pr eeentiment come over me that Miss Lyle meant mischief in Borne sort of way. I felt perfeotly certain that Bhe was in love with Mr. ObarieB himself, and waB beBides herself with rage, for all ber show of pleasantry, at having the ground out from beneath her feet by her rival. With these thoaghts running through my brain I determined to try and find out whether the new horse bad anything to do with it. MifiB Lyle's own groom was a Burly ill- conditioned fellow, and he and I aa a rule had very little to Bay to each, other, so I ' knew that it would be of no use trying to pump him in tbe matter. But thinks I, I know I fanoy bow 1 can set at you, my lass, and that's through my wile's niece, Jane Brown, who is tinder housemaid at Mies Lyle's and is keeping ; company wtth Joe Sptrrow (the groom in ' question). She'll worm it out of him if any* budy will. Accordingly that very night, after ' we had got in from hunting, I took and drove a dogcart over to Cro wherry Hall. She was a sharp girl acd very quiokiy understood wbat she had to do. ' 'I'll get it out of him, never fear, ancle,' Baidebe, delighted at the job ; 'and I'U send over a lad with a letter to you, addressed to aunt, some time tomorrow.' I wtnt off well satiefied, and sure enough, tree to ber word, just bb I waa Bmokiog my dinner pine the next day a bay turns up wua a letter from Jane. It waa a very abort one, bo I am good for every word of it, AU it said was: — 'Dear Uncle- See as Mr. 0- don't ride Mies L.'s horse to- morrow. My duty tj auat, and I remain, your affectionate nieoe, 'Jane Bbown.' I smoked rcy pipe, read the letter over four or five times, acd finally put it into my pooket, went up to the house, and asked to see my n.i*trete. She waB as luncheon, and Me. . Charles waB with her, and uhe eent ont word that they wire coming out to the stables almost directly. Io a quarter of an hour do wo they came, ttd then 1 C'iid them both straight what I tbocght, fioiEhicg up my story with Jane'a letter. Weil, my dear yung lady thought there was something in it, and being upset, as I could see, beegtd Mr. Gb&tles; bat co ride tbe horse- Bat he laughed tbe idea of anything being wrong to scorn, and said he moat certainly should hoc go trom his promise to Miss Lyle. And as after a good deal ot talking he brought mr lady to bis own way of thiuking, I eaw there wag no nee in E-y sayiog any more on the sob i* ct. For all they said to tbe contrary though, I couldn't get one of my head th-*t something dreBOfol was eoir,g to happen, and I never slept a single wink all that ni«ht in cou»eqaeoo«. It was a preeeuliment that I had, and oothiag could diive it away. The oiomiog came at ]a«t, acd sway my lady and I started for the last Hieet of the season, pickiog up Vlr. Charles at bis own ioope gates, whioh were about half way. Tbe meet was at Sluppiogton Castle, vvbtre tbe duke's family lived, and being the lbtt d»y of the teaton there was an immense htrpe compa&y; present, his graoe having cttted hie house to all oorneral It was twelve be ore tbey thought of leaking- a move. ' Avd enw for this faVry steer) that I am to tidt ! Wbich is it?' exclaimed Mr. ObarleB, as be and n-y youcg lady, and Mi«s Lyle, all tbrte ti gelher. ea erged from the front door. 'This is the 'obb, sir,' eaid Mias Lyle's mac, uidioutiEga* he spoke to a very hand ecnie ohtenut hgrg^ which ve& lei about by a groom. ' Oh, that's him is it ? Well, he's goodlook ing enough for anything,' replied Me. Charles ; ' seems a bit nervous though,' he added as he eyed c the way the animal fidgeted about and faltered. 'He'll be better after a bit, no doubt, when we move oS, Now, ladies, let me put you up, and then I'll mount the Btranger and put him through bis paces.' And having put Miss Lyle and my lady into their saddles he jumped on the ohesnut's back, A good looking horse he waa and no miBtake, but there was a queer look about his eye that I did not qnite understand. However, thought I, it might be only fanoy on my- part, and one* thing is very certain, and that is, that if you're trying any Barnes on with Mr. Charles you'll find you've got your master, I fancy. Away we went aeroaa the park, to draw the Home Wood. The ohesnut seemed rather excitable, but otherwise went very weli, jumping a flight of rails, his rider put him ai. in tbe style ot aa accomplished fencer, and haviog gone out of his way to take him over one or two ordinary fences on the way Mr. Charles pronounced alias LyleV cbeeuat to be a nice horeeand nothing bat it; 'and I should say he would carry you, Mies Lj;e, like a bird.' Well, we had no sport; as might be expeoted, the country being as dry as a bone and not an atom of Bcent, an*} it waa simply a case of riding about from covert to covert All had gone well so far, and I had begun to think that Jane Brown must have made a mistake and I was an old woman, when all of a sudden as we were etaodins about in a road that ran between two woods, and I waB talking to a party of several borsemerit I suddenly beard my name mea tioned. A groom riding up with a paleface was enquiring for Mr. Bloss. 'There's been an accident,' says he, painting with his whip down the road — 'an accident to Mr. PeytoD,' he says, ' and you miaaia ia hollerin' for you.' I turned as white as a sheet, tbey told me, as I galloped off to where I saw signs of an unusual commotion, and making my way through the crowd a pretty sight met my eyeB. There in the middle of the road lay Miaa Lyle's cbesDut hone stone dead. Close by, supported in the aram of the duke himself, who knelt by hie aide in the road, lay pope Mr. GharleB Peyton, a look like death on his fage; whilst on the other sida, wiping hia forehead with her handkerohief, knelt my poor mistresB in a terrible state of distress. Miss Lyle, with a fixed stony look on her pale face, sat on her horse close' by, ' Here cornea the doctor !' said some one in the crowd, as Dr. Jameson, who happened to be out, arrived on the scene, jumped off bis horee, and at once knelt down by the injured man. He looked hard at him for a moment and then passed, hia hand over Mr. Charles's heart. 'The ducheBB's carriage is here, doctor,' said the duke. ' He bad better be driven up to the oaBtle.had he not! it's nearer than home, yoa know.' 'The carriage by all means, your grace,' re* plied the dootor, rising to his legs, ' bat Mr. Peyton had better be driven straight home,' and be whispered something at the same time in the duke's ear. I saw a change oome over tbe duke's faoe, as he glanoed hastily at my miatreBB, and I well knew what that whisper was. My poor rnistrees happening to look up saw the duke's pained expression and at onoe guessed tbe truth. Giving one look of reproach at MiBB Lyle (I can assure you, gentlemen, that look sometimes haunts me now) she fell in a swoon on tbe prcmtrate body of her lover. Yep, it was too true ! Poor Mr. Charles Peyton would never more go out hunting or ride another tteepleobaBe. He waB dead. Toe obe^nut, without tbe slightest warning, was suddenly seized with a fit ol wbat is known as the ' staggers,' had reared straight up on end and fallen back dead on the hard road, crashing his rider beneath him in his fall. It wai a oase of a ' Woman's Vengeance.' People declared that Miss Lyle knew all about the horse's infirmity when she bought it. and bad adopted the expedient of getting Mr. Charles Peyton to ride the horse on the off chanoe of a catastrophe happening, in order to revenge hertelt on the hated rival who had out her out in ber miiplaoed affeotions. It waa a dreadful thing to say of any woman, but it is to be feared that the aosoiation was nothing bnt truth. Anyhow, Mies Lyle. finding herself avoided by everybody, shut up ber house and went to live abroad, wbere ehe has been ever .uaae, and where I sincerely hope she will stay. My mistress stayed on at the hall until the squire died, Bince whioh time Bhe has never lived there. In the summer she generally goes to some seaside plaoe, the wilder and quieter the better. In the winter Bhe bunts, seldom in the same place for more than one season. There is one thing, gentlemen, that you may be quite certain that she will never do, and that ia 'Marry,' And you know the reason why. 