Fiat j"iat cstia ,lruat cwnlum.n -IttIDAY, FERRUARY 6, 1890. "$EV-1 RANCE . .r IT would appoor fromlnnir;ticlo3 ii lust Tuosday's;Joarnaf thIaty0';icr.'"Wr9ng an snippsing th&opponiont;'s to sovesnnce 1usd girvei up the ghostfor the offiiali o rgan'.'says '" that'. thewholeof the''tl~ rutopnycrs of tlio`'Enst`.nid"Coiniit ridin tg etlh1sIofom eiruinouroosaitnnins ý' to bare-thotn:from n ruinous, disnienl beIrment," and to that end it is shoving Cr._PezrRKlax forward as the champion of their trials and tribulations. As regards this municipal magnate going down no one should object uider the circumstances, although of course he has no more right to be there .peaking against us as a councillor than Engineer CAxraer.r. would have as our servant, Since lie has never been.anpprinted by. the Council. IL will, hIwever; n'atter little who goes, since theyhlavee nothiing to'go on, and it woulde&em; 'hiarsh to prevent Ca. PcntCnrKI from airing Ihis eloquence if lie desires -so to do. The Journal accuses us of hitherto confin ourselves to personalities instead of argument, .but it adds that now our arguments are "logical," and. that-we are working on a "legitimnte b?isu but in its usual style lttshlritlyt~ifter= ;wrdts contradicts itself by stating that iur figures are all wrong-there is_ cer. tainly nothing very logical about.that.: The figures will be righted in the riglti tplsce, says our contemporary, which, we presume, means when -standing in the naugust presence of Mr, W1~Vnam. ??'A regards our figures they are 'rilght, ,rd as the unfortunato JA?xss Iir?x?s used; tos say " figgers is tiggers, arid you can't get over 'eou." We are perfectly willing to stand or fall by our figuires, notwithstanding that the " oppipniots' to severance" are backed by an animated arithmnatic in the person of one of our servarits. As regards.. the -statemeont that tlhe petition is inot uiiaiiimous 'ovry ratepayer must know what twaddlei that is and it is unnecessary for us to further refer to it; but there is onie point in the article we would like to draw- attention to. The bournal now advocates a re adjastinent of boundaries. Nowt, this very wise lroplosition comnes too Jlito If. long ago we had been given fair repro sentation the severance movement might never have been initiated, but since uTraralgon for years has lived tdh'ii usi-li reason of its superior stro?gth.d t -,tl6 municilal table it's cowardly action hias brought about the unanimous desire for severance, _anud. we..would..nowt.say .to themn-" oun are too late, you may crawl now, but rill our old love t fsr: yeot lies been crushed by your own -arbitrary dctions. 