AQJOATIC MEMS. The Manly Sowing Club's regatta, postponed from January 17, will be held this afternoon. The race for the Gascoigne Cup (Royal Sydney Yacht Squadron) will be sailed this afternoon. The yacht has to be won three times in succession, with £20 added by the club, and £15 for the second yacht. The course is a flying etart at 1 p.m. from a. line between the starter's boat and H.M.S. Orlando's bnpy, down to and round the E.S.Y.S. 'buoy at Manly, 'back round Shark Island (outside the Pile Light beacon and buoy) and Eort Denieon, thence round B.S.Y.S. bnpy at Manly, Shark Island, outside the Pile light beacon and buoy, and back to flagboat off Fort Macquarie. The conditions are, three yachts to start or no race; amateur crews, with the exception of the yacht's regular working hands; ho extra professional seamen to be allowed on board. The entries are : Volunteer, Mr. W. P. Smairl, scratch; Isea, jDr. F. Millord, 56min; lolanthe, Mr. William M'Clardy, 59min ; and Sao, Mr. A. J. Sontar, 59min. The club steamer will follow the race. The Port Jackson Amateur Sailing Club have a race this afternoon, one that has been postponed from Ja&sary; 10\. The prizes will be .£4, .£3, £2, and £1 respectively. In addition to these prizes the first tonr' boats will score points for medals presented by Mr. Mark Foy (ope of the club's vice-presid«nts). For these medals the boats will compete in three races, this being the first. The points allotted are lour for first boat, three for second, two for third, and one for fourth ; and the crew of the bpat scoring the moBt points in the three races secures the medals. The following are the entries and Handicaps allotted : Mantura and Craiglee, scratch ; Lottie and Idothea, 2min ; Esmezalda and Atalanta, 3min ; Isadora, 4min ; Wild Wave, Scylla, Onr Tom, and MassUia, 6min ; Oar May, Ghost, and Violet, 7min.; Iverna end Imogene, LOmin. Messrs. T. L. Mulfcall and A. J. Speera will officiate as starter and umpire respec tively. The Botany Sailing Club have a handicap sailing race in Botany1' Bay this afternoon over the -usual club course. The following are the entrieB and han dicaps : Kannanook, scratch ; Sheet Anchor and Iris, 6min ; Carbine and Bravo, ?min ; Nprdenf eidt, 6min ; Wild George, lOrnin ;' Ybnng Fred and Alline, llmin ; Chance, Magio, and CEnohe^ 12min : Flirt, Isabel, and Echo, 13min ; Saucy Jack, 14min ; and Navigator, 20min. The Neutral Say Sailing Club have the second rape for Major* Bennie's prize this afternoon, over the usual club course. The following are the entries and handicaps,- Y#runa, scratch; Jjeope, 7inin; Mnlgaa and Xanthe, each 8min'; Sea Breeze, 9mih ; Whaler, lOmin; Milliwa and Phyrne, 14min; Ethel, 15mm ; Myee, 16min; Loreloi, ISjnin; Happy Thought, 22tnjn ; and Parian, 30min ; the conditions being any sails, any crews. The Bahnain Sailing Club have a handicap race for half-deckers this afternoon over the usual White Horse-Fort Denison course, for club prizes. The entries and handicaps are: Portia, 22ft, scratch; Genesta, 20ft, and victor, also 20ft, each 3min; Bettina, 3£min ; NerenB, 20ft, and Pomona, 20ft, each 4min. Messrs. Griffith and W. Garden will act as starter aiia umpire respectively. ' ? ' The half-yearly meeting' of the members of the North Shore Bowing Curb 'was held on. the evening -of January 30 at Dind's Hotel, Mr. J. F, Burns, M.I1.A., presiding. The report set forth that xhe 'club numbered ' 60 active members and 11 honorary pemfaets; and club matters were' in every way pajbisfactory. Sopae good wins by members have lately been made, and hopes were entertained of more in the near future. On 'the motion ' of 'Mr. ' G. Growley, seconded by Mr. M'Donald, the report was adopted. On the motion of Mr. A. Holmes, '* com mittee, consisting of Messrs. Horneman and Berokle manandfhe mover were appointed to revise the fcy Jawa and submit the revision $9 a meetingpf members. Ahearty Tote''of thanks accorded fc the chairman -closed the fiusuiess.'' '' ' '? '' '; ' '' .;??-??-?? . 