THE RED GHOST DANCE. (SEW TOBK WOULD, XOYE3CBDE 2.) The snake dance of the Moqui Indians, the strange sun dance of the northern tribes, the roar dance of the hostiles, and the peace dance with which some tribes of men ratify their treaties have all been described. The weird ghost dance with which the Sioux and Shoshones are now celebrating what they believe to be the approach of the Indian rnilemuum has never been described, for the reason probably that it has never been witnessed by a white man. And in the present feeling among the powerful bands encamped "jere and at Rosebud, as well as further to the west aud north, in Colorado and Montana, it is doubtful if any white man known to have Ecen a ghost dance would live bve to talk talt or nr write writ® much mnxli about ntmi* it. For the very motive of the ghost dance is the resurrection of all the braves who have gone to the Great Spirit since the white man first set foot on Americas soil and the extermination o the whites. And the power to work out this tremendous consummation is to come from the wonderful Messiah, the Red Saviour, reported months ago to have come down from the happy hunting grounds and lighted oa the top ot a mountain peak in south-eastern Montana in the wild country on the borders of the .National Park. Thit much alarm is felt by the white men hereabouts who understand the matter is shown by the gravity with which the situation is discussed. The Indians, instead of attending to their farmB and stock and schools, living in their cabins and tepees, and pursuing their customary loafing ana visits to the agency buildings, act as though under a spelL The Indian agents themselves, who are ui the main oareful and experienced men out here, look serious' when asked their views of the situation. Ex-Agent Charles P. Jordan, now licensed trader at Rosebud, looked troubled when asked the attitude of Ogalalla Sioux, into which baud he married, and 111 which he holds the rank of M White Chief." He said the Indians were his brothers and so were the whites, and he hoped for peace. But he did not quiet the fears of my informant, who succeeded last evening in get ting a glimpse of a ghost dance in progress at the big camp, several milee from this agency, where the most fanatical apostles of the new Messiah are said to have made their appearance. The situation at the famous Standing Rock Agency, where Sitting Bull has been endea- vouring to raise a revolt on the strength of the promised aid of the New Messiah, is even more serious than at either Rosebud or Pine Ridge. Agent M'Laughlin has indeed forwarded to Washington a formal report on the general disaffection, showing the alarming extent to which it prevails. Sitting Bull and Kicking Horse, the great Sioux prophet, are about equally responsible for it. Xbey predict the arrival of the Red Men's Millennium as not later than the growth of the new grass in March, 1891. It is said that Red Cloud, the ablest and wisest of all the Sioux chiefs, revealed the plot to M'Laughlin. Sitting Bull, who has long been incapacitated by illness from active chief tain ship, has regained his strength, and is fero ciously desirous of a war against the " pale faces." He points to his warlike feats on the battle-field of the Little Big Horn, where Custer and his troop were exterminated, and has tunned a band of 300 avengers, mostly young bucks, whom he has worSed up to a fever heat by his glowing accounts of the restoration of the Sioux nation to its supremacy in the North-west. His braves rely on his promise that all the dead Sioux will rise from their graves and that their numbers, with these re inforcements, will be amply sufficient to drive out and " wipe out" the white man even were they not to receive direct supernatural aid, described later on in this letter, from the Great Spirit himself. Sicking Horse goes so far as to say that he has made a personal visit to the happy hunting grounds through a " hole in the clouds," and that he there beheld untold thou- Bauds of red warriors all in war paint, armed with their lances and bows and arrows, and anointed with a mysterious oil which renders their bodies bullet proof should the whites dare to show fight. But Kicking Horse professes to believe that the white man will be so overawed by the numbers of the returning braves that they will retire without violence. Sitting Bull, who represents the irreconcilables, as Bed Cloud does the " progressive" Indians, is supposed to be the chief whom the Great Spirit will commission to lead the red men to victory. In the wake of their triumphant progress the gnus will grow waist- high and the prairies be thick with buffalo andantelope. The story that Sitting. Bull has been under the spiritualistic influence of a " Mrs. C. Wieldon, of Brooklyn," who came here to see him in 1889, and has had communication with the Great Spirit through her, is believed to be without foundation. The ghost dance seems to be intended as a solemn notification to the Indian dead that they, are now needed on earth to help the remnant of their people exterminate the whites and seize their own again. It is also a ceremonial welcome, in anticipation of the returning braves, and it is at the same time a dirge. Whether the white men, who are a ll to die when the Messiah makes his appearance, are mourned in advance in the dirge movement of the chant which is part of the ghost dance a seemB hard to surmise. But the wild strains, which my informant's half-breed instructor in < these ghoBtly mysteries said foretold the red men's final triumph, were, according to his description, certainly ferocious enough to satisfy the wildt st sensation- lover. The camp this friendly half-breed led his white companion to spy upon is in a hollow surrounded by low bare hills. From tummit to summit across the valley would perhaps be a mile. The waggons of the braves — many of them 83 as farmers and lrelfru,ers ^ freighters now ™7 have e I meirnoratHsana waggom—are coirauea in the centre of the valley. A fnuge of tencssforts the borders of the camp, and a scoie or so of painted tepees are the lodging places of the irreconcilable old squaws and bucks, who have never given in to "progressive" notions, gone to wearing shirts or working like white people. The oxen, bulls and cows, pigs and chickens issued to these Indians by the Government for breeding purposes—for in the eye of the law most of them jire farmers—have been driven into the valley also, and are lariated or cooped on the outskirts of the camp, where they are being killed and eaten at a rapid rate. The atmosphere was dank and murky when twe nights ago, my half-breed friend set out for the camp. After an hour's laborious walk, and after crossing a marshy plain, the top of the hill to the west of the camp was reached about 9 o'clock. The lights of the camp fires, on which the evening meal had been cooked,, were gradually allowed to die out and several old squaws could plainly be seen moving in and out among the darkening embers. About three hundred yards east of the foot of the hill on which the spies were seated in a clump of stunted evergreens was an open space, ot an acre in extent, towards which the squaws eeemed now urging, now driving the rest of the band. Around the outer rim of this open space fires were kindled of wood that seemed to have been smudged, as there was little or no flame, only a dull red glow and a profuse pale grey Bmoke, which, rising from all sides at once, formed a sort of canopy over the scene., through this cloud by fits and starts the old squaws could be seen forming the warrioiB in rows around the eastern edge of the expanse,' with the younger bucks and squaws in rows behind them. The warriors in the front row were kneeling, the squaws behind them sitting, and the younger bucks standing behind them. Then the old squaws retired to the western edge of the open ground, where they were screened from observation by the bosh, and remained out of sight for about ten minutes. During this time the picture was wild and impressive in an unusual degree. Seen by the smouldering light of the fires built in a long oval about forty feet in front of the line, the warriors, with their women and children behind them, knelt, or sat and stood in absolute silence. They were all waiting—just what tor the half-breed on the hill didn't know. Wbea a fire would burn np ton bright and illuminate too clearly the solemn gn near it, a squaw would go and ' pull fagots away from the coals and subdua the flames. When the old Bquaws returned they joined hands and jc&elt; down to the centre of the open. They began chanting what sounded at first like a death song, bat now end again swelled into savagely triumphant yells. The smoke only started at intervals and while the chant was going on, bat while the strange scene wasehut from view the warriors advanced fron the ranks and, joining hands in a larger arcle around the old squaws, began the ghost dince. Their chant was lens shrill than that, started by the squaws ud was not so plainly heard A portion of it seemed lamentation for their d»d; then came the invocation to the dead to arise sod come help their bretheren exterminate the ^hitemen. I Theaqaiwubaa not been obKrodtoiave flu,^ they had lonned, but to the wards' chant swelled into what the half-breed slid was the invocation to the deported Slcox come back to earth, the old hajs, by one, stole like shadow* vadeT&e; __ d erms of tie bravw, Wh with a btrtnbfe stick i» hiatal veiled land, the ligbtfroS which fell with jaeyghartttoeesonlier pakti o<bt«ddw> selves, and it was now seen that they were in full wax paint. THE BIO CHIEF AKD AGEKT. The old women passed through the circle like a procession of spectres, each carrying a taper of grave-wax to light her unaccustomed feet over the rough surface of the valley. At all events that was what their wild peformance looked like from the bill-top, and before the procession hadmore than half passed through the circle the smoke grew so thick and the clouds above the valley so dense that the half-breed spy declared the immediate necessity of a return to the Agency. Enough had been seen of the ghost dance, which bad then barely begun, for report 6ays it lasts well into the morning, and indeed till everybody connected with it is exhausted, to bring out dearly at ^stone ^iScaut fact. And that was that . : . . ^ - „ „, - the bucks had war paint on their faces. There is talk here that the Morinous are encouraging the Colorado, Montana- Utah, and f Idaho Indians to look forward to th*r extermination of the soldiers, agents, and ail the white men in authority—except the Mormons—when the Red Saviour comes. That strange Indians who may have cooie from the Weat, and may even claim to have been in the immediate vicinity of the new Messiah, have recently joined the Sioux st these sgencies is indisputable. They are spoken of as apostles of the new religion, and it is by their advice that the Indians have gathered into camps, given up work of all kinds and gone to eating, praying, singing and dancing—until the Millennium comes. APOSTLES OF THE SEW" CMTED. The excitement began among the ft oux at the great council of the Sioux nation, held about the middle of September on Bad River, some fifteen miles above Pierre, S. Dak. White men were excluded from the council, just as they are from the ceremonies in the camps in this vicinity, but a very well informed gentleman, named W. T. Tomkins, who has ridden in pursuance of bis business dtiling the past few weeks through a great deal of the Sioux country, says that this fanatical mania which seems to have laid hold of the Dakota red man is the direct result of the exhortations of the Indian emissaries from Montana, where the Messiah was said first to have been seen last spring. Who in the East had supposed that this ctrange agitation about a Messiah had readied such a pitch among the Red men that emissaries were actually despatched many hundreds of miles from one tribe to another to urge them to make ready for the appearance of their " Redeemer !" And who has yet heard this TIH^T; Messiah's creeds' Its main article is the belief that the present surface of the North American contitent will be covered thirty feet deep by a new stratum of soil, which shall be inhabited by Indians only, and be thick with game as were the prairies before the white man came. Beneath this new stratum the white man and his cities and his railroads and his steamboats and his civilisation shall be buried, in the twinkling of an eye, and the New World shall be as if it had never known him, or at least as it was 300 years ago. But the Indians—and here is strange thing—shall not be whelmed in the general ruin. They will be endowed with a supernatural strength to wrestle with the difficulties of the occasion, and will squirm though the new eoil until, after much labour and many fears and lamentations, the Red man shall at last struggle out to the new surface of the new earth where they will find grass waist high and immense herds of buffalo, antelope, aud wild horses ready at hand There is something touching in this happy restoration. To reach it the red man must pass through his purgatory—the new earth stratum. No pale face will ever be permitted to mar the serenity of these Elysian Fields, nor will the game die out or be driven away. Visions of these veritable Happy Hunting Grounds are seen in the ghost dance by the warriors, who spin around in a religious delirium until they fail in a trance. In this trance the ghosts of the dead braves and dsparted chiefs are said to come and tell them of the new glories to crown the red man. This by some is said to give its name to thedance. GEMEEAL INDUS' DISTURBANCES. The outbreak of the White River Utes, who have left the reservation in Utah and gone into Colorado to kill stock, is believed here to be part of a general nprising preliminary to the appearance in the flesh of the Indian Messiah. It is known that the Nez Perces near Mullen. Idaho, to the number of 400, have appeared in a band at that town and presented! formal demand that the whites leave the country, " to which they have no title." These are the same Nez Perces who took part in the massacre of 1877\. They are dissatisfied with their reservation at La Pi via, and are <said to threaten again to overrun that vast stretch of northern Idaho known as Camas Prairie. The excitement among the Cheyennes, Kiowas, and Comanches is scarcelv less. Captain Trimbleton, of the Seventh United States Cavalry, Commandant at Fort Sill, is known to have declared within a few weeks that in his opinion the greatest Indian uprising of recent times is certain to come soon," as>the Indians have got the idea thai the Great Medicine Man is coming to wipe out the whites and restore to them the ownership of the country.'' Captain Trimbleton is known as a man of experience and_discretion. His declaration that the 5.000 Indians about Fort Sill have renounced Christianity and entered upon a series of incantations and fanatical orgies is certainly worthy of note. Whether or not the Government should dduble the frontier garrisons is a question for the Government to decide. AEE THE SIOUX 6TAEVTVG ? The opinion in this part of Dakota is that the Sioux have been so badly treated bv the Government lately that their disaffection has » much to justify justifv it. The settlers settl™ along slnnir tTio the edges of the great Sioux reservation are undoubtedly alarmed. These are the facts, to which there is abun dant testimony, on which it is said the Sioux make out a strong case in equity against Uncle Sam. In 3une, I8S9, the Sioux signed a treaty for the cession of a part of their reservation to the Government. They have not received one cent of the consideration due them for that cession. General Crook was with the commission that secured their signatures to the treaty • General Crook had been their conqueror, and afterwards their benefactor ard friend. They knew him and believed in him, and there is no doubt that it was owing very largely to his in, fluence that the treaty was ratified. It was General Creok who promised the Sioux that the Government would pay than in full and promptly for their lands, and that their right$ should be respected. The Sioux have been repeatedly deceived by agents of the United States Government, notably when the attempt, that eo nearly resulted, iu 1878, in war, was made to remove mem by force to the Missouri River, but they trusted Crook. Now that Crook is dead the chiefs say that his Government has failed absolutely to carry out his promises. Owing to the delay in the passage by Con, press of the Indian Appropriation Bill not only the Sioux, but the Indians of the entire country have been and are suffering for food. It is now October, and the supplies due in July have not yet been sent out to them. As a result they listen all the more eagerly to the emissaries who have come from that part of Montana where the Messiah is said to have been seen. The idea of an approaching mQIenmiim and the extinction of the whites renders the reservation Indians, all the more wiHingto eat their breeding sheep, cattle, and fowls, and quit work of every kind. The Sioux at these two agencies—Pine Ridge and Rosebud—are receiving scarcely anything at all, even under the reduced census apportionment, instead of the full rations they are entitled to. All this time since July the Government supplies out here have been, of course, diminishing. There will soon be nothing at all on hand to feed the Indians except scanty rations of beef. Suppose, as has been the case in the past, extra rations of beef were issued to take the place of the rations of flour, ftc., for which there is uow no material on hand, lite result would be certain starvation, for then the beef also would give out. It is useless to attempt to reason with starving Indians, especially when the mysterious apostles from Montana and Utah have succeeded in convincing hundreds of the Sioux that when the Messiah appears their straggle tor their rights will at last be crowned with success, and the hated whites and lying Government agents will be punished as they deserve. Why Bhoaldthey and their children starve in a land of plenty? Indeed, a man officially acquainted frith the Sioux for twenty-five years said to me yesterday : Broken treaties, delayed appropriations RnS religious frenzy have combined to make the Indians fed that the worst has come to the wont, and (hat even if no Mewnnh came they might as .well die fighting, with their wives and children around them, as see their dear ones pinched and starved by a Government that owestfacmaUvnig wul^ hsa abundant means to pay that debt were it so dh^raeed. Sy the very failure to deliver them their impplies in July, when they were due, the Government has, as .a last stroke of cruelty, deprived tfie$£oux of the opportunity to earn money by freighting these supplies. There wai nothing to haul, eo they have been deprived not only of their Governm^t food, but of almost Odr only to tnake money enough to buy 