WHAT IS IT? THE INFLUENCE THAT SOMETIMP® GUIDES US AGAINST OUltWlfL. 1 " No, I do not believe in gbotts," said an „M lady of great experience, " but I do believe „ the ministration of spirits." This is not ti age nor the country in winch the .uperuatu? nourishes. Interest centres about the uructir.i Jlnunled nouses are rented wilheut pcatdiffi. culty, if tbo landlord is waling to knock oil. )>oriioii of the lent. There many, hoiveve, who will admit tho cxtnion at litucs of Bom peculiar influence swaying oar actions. \v! uru led to do things we should not do of our owu volition— the wisdom of which we do uot appreciate until afterwards, then we wonder how we came to do them. We are forcedte learn that worldly wisdom is not always that wliich guides into tlie wisest courses, iu tbj| practical age results are what people arc look ing after. They believe iu what tney see - the evidence ot tilings uot seen" is to be weights in the future. When a man is sick, he wanh to get well ; ho euros little what medieal method is employed il' it cures. But if it <ioea not cure he soon begins to doubt the skill of flu, physician, aud inquire iuio his methods of medication. A happy thing it is sometimes if some iufiucnce induces investigation het'oi it is too late. Mr. E. W. Edmoiidsou, of MsI bourne, writes, 21st October, lb'.'O: — "Luriue tho jrast sixteen years I hove been ailinj juiriodically from a serious affection of the kidneys, and in latter years my romplaiut became more acute, so that I was" frequently seized with stabbing pains in the back. I had often prolonged headaches, tho result of liver disorder. For years I thus Buffered, and I thought this disorder of the kidneys and liver would briug about a more serious disease Finally I tried the effects ot Warner's bare euro, and not uutil then «;id 1 <<xtieiieiu--e any amcloraliou in my condition. The use of tins medicine speeujly wrought u grout change aud four bottles effected u complete cure." Note what Mr. Henry Warwick, of Lonsdale et'rret Melbourne, ways : — " :0lh October, KS&U.;—For some veil 1 3 1 have been suffering irom frequent attacks of gravel, often with unbearable pains in the back and light bide, nnd my digestive organs were also out of order. In addition I was afflicted with congertion of the liver and periodical headaches dt a severe nature. My buffering was quickly removed when resortm" to Warner's sale cure, of which I took four bottles, when the acute pains in tho right side caused by iLm congestion of tho liver, ceased', while my kidneys were restored to healthy action." 