R QUEER STORY/-1 K|/' FKOH "TKDTB ' s. , " ; !!R TllRIFTSPBNDER'S SECRET. 7v . f Mr Robert Thiifttpendorstt one morn- 7 ,. .v Sag laxanouatj touting hi slippered \- % feet before bis dresiiiiffroom firo. The | ij' ; Timet,'-', nicelf aired, had just booii:'- nlaoed at his elbow, and . ; ' .brand/.' .-and soda fizzed tempt <fc -inilly b<side it. Mr Thrifiapondor lay ' . back, with his 6ngers interlaced over that . part of him whoro his digestion ought to have been, and twiddled his thumbs with 4 n contented an air as was compatible with-,a alight chronio dyspepsia. He was T- indulging In' a little retro peok Hov fortunately everything :r «liad v ?rood out : for him. Indeed, | s barring his dyspopna, Providence could bardly have dealt; mora kindly with him in hit mlddlo-age had his youth been tho -iivj /laoire:tesk, iusU>ad -of somewhat wild and , reckless. - He had sown tho vind, and was \ "ttspinii the aepbyr. Not that tho Mr Shriftspcoder, whom Mr Thriftspnndor kflsw, ' was the Mr Thriftspomlcr that, was ' known to' thu world "iboat him. Far from It, There wore j two Mr Thrifts penden, so to apeak— a Mr V'. ,'Jekyll Tbriftapemlcr and a Dr. Hyde JThriftape'nder— two personages as distinct jf lathe two CoTsiairbroth'ors,' but ropre V. tooted by ono actor, who piayod the l|i''.<xRooble. part. The Mr Thriftspendcr B-o: r iown to the world was iui in / dependent Member of Parliament; KL the '/devoted '- husband of a plain HW J wife, whom fa's had married without H .prospects ; a' man whom Providonco had ft chastened with a dyspepsia rather for the 9 faults of his forbears tliaa his own. The g Mr Thriftspender known to himself, and : -4o <me -other,; WK a politician who had ft iiievar joined a party, because ho nevor ft knew his own mind; the husband of a ft -wifa - whota the strong-willed I>aily ftr Thriftspender hid forced him to marry, ft eontrolliog, as she did, tho entire fortune ft < amassed.' by tho lato Sir Threndneaulo ' 'Thriftspinaor ;aman who nod only him to thank for the measure of ill BLv - .v-hkitb: yhicli tbs world put down to ft heredity. / The girl he had married was the Lady ft|$£K;/ /Mary Fortune who had been entrusted VT to tha care of Lady Thrifcspondor, whilo v -tho Marquis of Brixton, her father, wus ft. - - r Completing the term of liis Governorship H'< Vof Bomeutti. For the space of a year, H' -" ' Mr and Lady Mary t Thriftspeiidcr, whoso H marriage was far from boing acccptablo to ft(v - ,v her parents/bad lived on tho old, lady's ft bounty, g Ic is prorstbially an ill wind that blows nobody any good, and the gale which ft- blow tho good thin Prosdoninn, with the Marquis and Marchioness of Brixton and their only son, the infant Lord Btockweil, He bo the, bottom of tho sea, and incident HEv rMly cast a matter of two hundred thou Mrar-;:.v.v: band poondain the Three por Cents, into Hgt'r r : : the" mo" of- Lady Mary Thriftspendcr, Hw-j-- ould hardly prove anything but agree ftfe;- wble.to thatuey'samiable husbanu. lio H 'J jsgan tn' thlnlr tVrt really ho must have been »o.cote as to ; hoodwink Providunco ; but,- whatever was tho causoof his good ,v. Jfbrtune,''be' was, at all ovonts, inclined K' - "> lhia morning, on which wo are introduced Hfc£/;/ .- lo Um..to,M thoroughly content with HB'c -the omnia which his affaire had taken. El Trua, the heyday of youth and an un Hjfo .<>. hnpuired digestion were passed, but he H».£i fbund adignmed and luxurious ease by no Hra V nrnn a bad exchango for them, and it was wonderful how many of his waking hours ft&\- eould be enjoyed iu the contemplation of HE/-- . the wicksdocsses of his early manhood ."the reooUecttou of his Sturm und Drang. Bfr.xfmaginatiofi enabled him to toko delight KmTJ r tot&pmt; without running any of tho by .which they had boon accom BKJ>.- -:-|fhiiiad. Never again would he hazard Hh|H/'- veputatlon or liberty in the pursuit of Hc/j VMpeotable aojoymonta.. At this, moment his roverio was inter Mnted br the eotranee of hia vn1nf.. 1''. Now, Mr Bilbv.waa an absolutely per -fcofe sienrsnt. '; Ho looked upon his em HbIZ:/ /'dymwit as ati art. It was not enough K<!.''--1:for him. that evsry gonUeuian required r r - oertom things done for him, end there H( \ m servant's dnty ended. He reoewnised' that overy gentleman had hia idiosyn r' craeies. his weaknesses, his pet vices, and that, r to/ become indiaponsable, these pecidtariuM must bp studied in all their benringiu Hislate' muter, 'the Marquis .a of -Brixton, had declared that bis greatest \- i rief in luviug England had boon tho H necessity of parting with Silby. Indeed, HHc-1 had it not been for the Marohiopew, it is H " More than doubtful whothor, on learning Hm r Ihat SUby absolutely refused to leave hia HI , ative land, his lordship would not have MB/ thrownuphiasppointraont on tho cveot Hfe :/ : ./hia depsrturer. The man had subsc M - wntly beoomo butler to Lady Thrift Mender and bodysorvant to hor son. > r-y Tsll.her ladyship, Silby, that 1 shall . - ; moibe diqing at homo this evening." . - 'tYw, sir-; if you please, sir, the same Man has called at called yostorday wlioii gv-Y vyoawero out. Ho aays will ynu please to B '/- - -' gse him, ts ho has aomathing vory im m x', -\v portant to communicato f H What did you say his namo waa f" H j. o;> "TbomuDoMling, sir." HI -1- H'What sort of looking person, ia m bar K ,v . 4lHVa respectably dreuod, sir, but Mk w , .; 'aortas to mo rather foreign in his man M i ' mar ' Hjg 'vy«Il, if ho looki olean you can show- MS i-'.'Y.'.' . himim-.kero, only you ltad better stay -KY/,) . within otU." . \- In aJsw minutes a heavy footstep was Hg . -- Imidon tho stair, and Mr Bowling stuod My jriiblnthe sacred procinou of Mr Thrift Ma .v.r aptodcrT luxurious dressing- ropm, |H| ..vy-.tt/'WeU,11 Mr. Bowling, what ia this Wr/:y:-.'.y:, 'matter of tho last importanco that you & -have to commanicato 1 " ; 'Mr Thrifcspondor, it's a long story \- Pye got to tell you; and If it's agreoobloto ftK-rv.-, S.yoa. I'U take tho liberty of taking a i.Hv' yTJw.v ',vv\ Tbk moment tho man began to speak ffyfpffi'; it -was vsnr evident that ho was Colonial, \- esse of . his manner In tho wwum.-' of onaocustomed luxury and liMDM.iwla it even more apparent R9;:.:: tbat bs wu not a member of tho English jH.i'.vJpboror classes. - -. Ho wheoled an cosy ohair IRybuIdly .opfrom the corner of the room, . plarimr. it cloee.to the fireplace, -"Wbout "Bj .your loave," or With |H/Y-;>yMtr- lcave«", strftched . out hia logs and |K// -Jplaood hla feat upon tho fonder, as muoh tossy, "Bo far as this conversation is apuoernedi we muit stand or sit upon an HlV RJh i/MrTbnffcspsnderwasso taken aback by raw > «w"nuw bhuhuj, iriiai. nu was to buUcb nn, nmontnncB at lit. waptlon, »od tiu found himiolf iu a KlYJownttdljr. oort of way amiling an ao- ttKTBTfpw 'to fMj - that this wu a man wko waa'lik.ljr to dominate him, and ho I irlmn il too lato, that hvl . nut- msuted upon knowing what hoaiaeaa btforo having him ad Mr Thriftspender, sir," tho begtn, ."I've got % strange, to1 tell you,'- and' 'ono »u>not greatly mistaken, tM|lyruYO..o -rait deal more strange t<> : you and . your wifo. SlMOWlO-to 'tbie oountry cm purpose to v aomebody, and from all that I WflMMrryou are the person most therefore, entitled to ?You, too, will bo able. to (tbla he said .wtthdeeper In his tone) M whether it ia rapeaiingtoothore or noi1' B|».9Mbn«uaer. moved uneasily in his be that at last oho of Ida BssKMHiilNblMiiabout to bring forth fruit 9 be that, although ' God grind slowly, : and to. get hold of 08||j7!itjte'-''eaeotness 9 ' How bo must present' a WAS pretty certain in visitor of Ids I iba9' thath# hid HHHBiiiiMdisi-.wUh,- - story. At present 1 am at a lots to under stand how anything with any mystery in it can be any concern of mine. Let me remind you too. before it is too late that any communication you may think fit to inako to ine is not of my socking, and I refuse to bind myself in any wsy not to divulgu any facts you may reveal to mo if X horeafter think fit to do so." Mr Thriftspendcr looked at hia visitor as much as to add ' Ypu tec you'vo got a devil of a fellow to deal with," but was disappointed to notice that Mr Bowling did not seem to be particularly impressed. On tho contrary, he morely cleared his throat, spat into tbo tire, and proceodcd with his story as if there hou been no interruption. "Four years ago I was a third-class passenger on - board the steamship Drcs- ucnisn bound fur the Port of Ixmdon. I need not' toll you, sir, the story of that ship's loss. Yoti, I'll bo bound, know all , the tfetaili as well as anyone alive, that is to sny, bar' a vory interesting httlo bit of news' which, is only known to mysolf. Tho newspapers had it that every sonl.sboard)t)iat vessel was lost but I'm able to tell ynu in my own person that those newsDapers made a mistake. I, sir, Thomas Bowling, was saved by what aomo would call luck, but. what I call Providence, so as the light people should, come rightly by thoirown. I, Mr Thriftspendcr, had, by the sweat of my brow, made a considerable1 furtune in tho far East, and was on my way. back to my nativo land to enjoy tho fruits of a hard life ; but that competency, sir, wont down in the good shlpDresaonUn v hat, than. I sak you, did Frovidenco out of that great ship's crew save my misorablo lifo for? I'll toll you— olthough I nevor gueased why it wts until tfiroo months ago. Although 1'vo a routth outsido, Mr Thriftspondcr. 1'vo a soft heart, and it was faceus. ray heart was soft that I. was snvud from that wreck. Yes, sir, cm (hat last torriblo night, when with, hor cngiare disabled and her sails in ribbons, the Drcs- demitn 'Toy ns -helpless as o log in that tremendous sea, a man was tbo equol of a gentleman, a woman the equal of a lady, imd third-class passengers stood side by sido and wept and trembled with tho riratolsssers from tho saloon. Every lurch tilo ship gavo was expected to bo our losr, and we woro all huddled closo to one another -as if determined to go into eternity, not alone, but in couples.- By my side a fine lady clasped hor littlo boy to her bosom. Blio acemcd to have forgotten all terror for herself In tho soothing of him. 1 said a hearty word or two to her, poor thing, which mode her turn and look at ine. I had got hold of a large cork belt, which I liad iiiipped on, as woll as a small life-buoy, which I thought I might as well hnvo ss any ono else. "Are you u'gcod swimmer?' she said, tho moment she looked nt rno. "'Yos,' I said, but good swimming won't do much in a sea liko this." " Will you do what you can to save this child? A niothor's blessing will bo your reward. My husband is in his cabin unablo to movo. 1 must go to him. Possibly I shall novor boo my ohihl again. Tnko him, nud may heaven preserve you and him I " "In a moment I had taken tho child in my arms, and tho poor mothor had vanished down thocowpanion-laddor. " To mako a long short, Mr Thrift spender, I and this littlo boy woro picked up by a passing Portuguese rcssol bound for Sydney, and in due time were landed there. Wo were tho only two saved from the wreck of tho Dresdonian," Mr Bowling hero paused in his narra tive. had looked at his companion, a a though expecting some remark from him, but all that ho vouchsafed him wu, .".Wall, I'm waiting to seo what on caitli your story haa to do with me." "What? Then you'vo not made a gueas ?" " No," liud the other, " aot a ghost of a. guess." " Well, then, perhaps those trinkets which were found tied round tho child's neck will quickon your wits a bit," snd Mr Bowling took from his pocket a small leather case and handed it to hia' com panion. Mr Thriftspendcr took tho case, and, with fingers . whose trembling ho was unablo to control, brought to light a gold and coral baby's rattle, a aignot ring, and a ,apiall gold mounted mlnaturo on ivoty,.t.ZQo tho rattlo the initials " G.T.F." were on- graved, the ring bore tho Brixton cost- af-arms cut . oh a bloodstono, and tho miniature was a portrait of Lady Mary's mother. . "Still, I fail to soo whst'theso.hsvo to do with me," at length he siidi for it was more natural to him to lie than to apeak the truth. "Thoa,. Mr Thriftspondor, sir; 1'vo made a mistake," said Bawling, rising from his aoat, " snd I ask your panlon. for troubling you with them. I've a letter also which purports to bo in tho handwrittug of thu littlo boy's mothor, signed Mary Brixton,' and authenticat ing tho child. This with thoto trinkets, I shall plsco to-morrow in tho hands of Meurs Ludwig and Ludwig, who, I undorstanu, are the family lawyers. In case you- may wish to communicato wibh me, sir, that address." handing him a pioco of paper, " will find ino," snd pocketing the trinkets Mr- Bowling with drew. Left alono, Mr' Thriftspondor lay bock In his ohair unnorved, trembling in ovory limb, faco to lace with the moat torriblo of till bogies to a man with tho nervous dyspepsia— a pressing alternative. On tho ono hand, poverty, with its attendant train of discomforts and un bearable nuxiotics ami cheeso- parings ; on tlio other, riches, retained, by fraud, and subject constantly to tlio illimitablo drain of a possibly insatiablo black-mailer, with tho disquietude of a constant dread of heing found out. In oither case his dyspepsia was bound to bo aggravated. Poverty would entail a tlurd- ratu cook, whilst tho retention of hia first- roto ohef would c u tail an over-present grinding anxiuty which drawa tho blood away from tho stomach where it is most needed. What was to be dono ? Clearly the- man must not bo allowed to go to Messrs Ludwig snd Ludwig with his diabolical proofs of tho existence of a young Marquis of Brixton before he had had sufficient tlmo to think over tho matter. Why, Bowling might oven now be changing his ihind and going to boo the lawyers .this very day. Tho more thought of tins possimiity tnrew ino poor oyspepuo into a profuse perspiration, and bo tugged at his boll with his mind only half made up as to what should bo done. . When the faithful Silby appeared, he found his poor master in a very miser able plight indeed. Ills forehead was bo- dewed with perspiration whilst hands and feet were as cold as ice, and his breath cam sharp and fast. MrThrifUpender felt that' ho was on the verge of having a fit.. But it was only fancy, and in a1 fow minutee JJilbv had- got bias into oome nicely-rired clothes, and he lay book com paratively calm, 'though' icmirir bat1' ex hausted, inhiseisy-chair. / f 'u - "That man has upset mera good 'deal, SUby," at length he pantecf. "I must really stlck to my rule— never to seo anybody before I am dressed.' 'It's too much for me. . I'm not strong, enough to- bear, any excitement befote one o'clock." " No, sir. I began, to feel anxious when 1 heard the man talking so loud, Just you should have One of your aUtioks, sir ; arid tho doctor stlil you must bo careful, lir, and not overdo yourself." 7/;;/,' . ' .. You are 'right, . Silby ; l'4tra£. know what I should do without vpu."'! By-the- bye, I want riottr taken at dhee 'to- that man. It must be delivered, wifuout fail invo his own bands as soonss possible." ' " Yes/sir ; and I think, sirvyou shppld take sqUio'of your drop, (ri, The late ' afcsriioon again, jiiw /Mr Thomas Bowlingsnd Mr Robert Thrift- spender closeted together, and this inter view had a.vury practical outcoino. It is unnecessary to follow the coureo of tho negotiations , it is sufficient to say that, for tho sum of fivo hundred pounds per annum, Mr Bowling undertook to koup his secret, nud to bring up th? young Marquis of Brixton as his own ion. "it is. of course, no hardship to tho boy, who has nevor known bettor things, Mr Bowling ; and," indeed, wealth hnd position are far from being as enviable as they look. I am far— — " "You will, of courao, like to seo tho young Marq— 1 beg your pardon, toy hoy George— now and airain, Mr Tnrift- spcmler?" said Bowling, interrupting. "1 think not, Mr Bowling," replied tbs dyspeptic, with unusual docision in his tone ; I think not. Tho fact in. my health in no at all good, and, indeed. I feel that I could hardly bear the sad momoriun which tho sight of tho poor child would conjure up." " Just as you wish, sir, of courso. Only you understand that it would bo more satisfactory to me that you should sec for yourself that the lad is being well looked after." ." Let mo assure ynu, once for all, Mr Bowling, that I am perfectly content toleatothaftoyou.' Mr Thriftspondor still . liven, if the successive periods of nervous' depression and octivo apprehension which go to make up his existence, can bo properly termed life. Ilia faithful Silby watches over liini with a devotidn snd assiduousness which nothing can surpass. Ilo is a tender hearted follow, a man, indeed, who would not hesitate to rUk his own lifo to prolong that of his master. " Just to think," as ho ofton says, with tears in his eyes, to his brotlior, Mr Thojn&a; Silby,- alias Bowling, " just to think that so long as Mr Robort Thrift spondor lives those littlo trinkets that 1 kept baok from poor dcad-nnd-gono little Lord Ktockwell, when ho started with his Ma nnd'Pa for Bomcutta, should bo worth a matter ofvLG00t a' year to 'you and me, and all without so much as keeping a young Marquis out of his own." 