DEAD LETTER DUST. THE GHOSTS OF SLAUGH TERED EPISTLES. Silent Evidences of Official Rust. Miss Janey Toff, of Government House. Farting Shots- No. ill. So.me day, whoa the world grows weary of solving tho labor problem and for gets to growl about the high price of gas, and conducts itself with a settled calm, it will probably summon up sufficient courage and go out and slay tho Lord High Irritator, of tho Dead Letter Department. If it does this with any degree of suddenness it will wipe out an endless assortment of mistakes and capital sins. If it docs not, it deserves to crumble and collapse unwept, unsung, and tin- shrieked for. It Bhould take the hint and summarily slay the dead letter savage. These thoughts are suggested by a further glimpse of tho " list of unclaimed letters for tlie month of January," recently issued with a copy of the Government Gazette. There is a name which confronts tho eye with start ling effect, and it is necessary to pause and think steadily for a lengthened period, Tho reader, no doubt, will be anxious for that name, but for ninny reasons it will bo hidden from view. For tlie sake of clearness it will be called "John Jones." Now, there is a history hanging to the individual which would he matorial for Rider Haggard or Rudyard Kipling. The writer knew " Jones " when he was a happy, ill-directed atom of humanity in a fair way of living in the city of Sydney. He belonged to a most respectable family, and ho was generally re spected by all who didn't kuow liiin well. Some years ago he cleverly swindled a bank of several thousands, and the fraud long re mained undiscovered. There came a time, how ever, when unforeseencirciunstancesrevealed tho deception to the fierce light of day. " Jones," hearing that all was known, deter mined to do tho detectives, and he did. It would never do for his family to bo dis graced by his public conviction. Beioro the warrant was issued he had it industriously circulated that he had been seized with a destructive illness — that he was on tho thorny bed of death. When tlie detectives went to his father's houso to arrest him they were informed that the patient could not bo seen, that he was suffering from a highly in fectious disoaso, and that he could not possibly live through the night. The detectives wero satisfied, and promised to attend his funeral, and expressed no desire to catch the distemper by invading the sick man's room. Next came tho painful announce ment in the obituary columns of tho newspapers that poor "Jones" had died. A bereaved gathering followed a coffin, heavily laden with brickbats, to the cemetery, and a devout parson prayed fervently over the baked dust. A few weeks later and letters of administration of "Jones'" estate were taken out in tho Supreme Court of New South Wales, in its ecclesiastical jurisdic tion. On these being duly granted "Jones" was forgotten, except by ono or two. But his supposed death was a marvellous de lusion. While all the confusion was going on he was sailing serenely towards the Cape, en route for the South African gold and diamond fields. He hail completely fallen out of the world of New South Wales, and a letter in the dead epistle office revives Ills skiiful escape and his clever deception of the detective force. What will "Samuel Aloore, late ALL. A. for Inverell," think of tho post-office wonder for letting him slide so unmercifully. Was it because the legislator made a fiery declama tion at the last aeneral election that Parlia- ment had lost its charms for him, and that the Free-trade cause had been bungled up so disastrously by its leaders that he felt im pelled to hido himself from them, and dis appear into tho wilds of the colony 1 In any case, he will he interested, if horri fied, to learn, that he is sot down triumphantly as -"2GG" Biniply. There is valuablo information awaiting " W. Noilly, Pitt-street," and yet his services as secretary of the City Railway Commission are not sufficient to make him famous enough for a letter-carrier. "Air. Noalce, tobacconist," whose Bliop is within a few paces of the G.P.O., should abandon dis posing of tho joyful weed in many places for limitless days when he is so far forgotten with other distinguished individuals in trade and othorwise. There is an epistle perishing for his perusal. " John Smith " will be glad to hear that as usual there is something for him. Tho gentleman is pro bably in Londcn and elsewhere. "Cnrl Siminat," ot tho Arcade may he known to half tho population of Sydney, but the post-office does not considor him sufficiently prominent to send him an order for a consignment of jewellery. Of course there is a letter await ing the muoii-travelled r. s. smyt1ie. It would be hard even for tho dead-letter dust office to escape him. Either he or his accustomed correspondence is everywhere. Whether that hopeless epistle lias followed him round tlie world or not remains to be seen. It is to he hopod that the great "R. S. S." will call round hurriedly and secure the literature. It may toll of a threatening engagement by another world-famous star— Stanley, for instance ; or Bernhardt herself may be awaiting a managerial genius. " Miss Single " is advertised for. Tltero is a love-letter await ing tlie spinster u liicli probably threatens to make her plural. It is that message which hail been so long and so cruelly delayed, and divided her so remorselessly from the only man she ever loved, and -11 that sort of thing. The gentle Single should forth with " double" to the G.P.O. and claim the lost intelligence, otherwise she may never he multiplied. r. l. stevenson, the bewilderingly-graphie writer, the match less pen-paiiitc|i' of the ATarquesaiis, the bril liant creator of| " Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde," now sojourning in the South Seas, has nob been omitted. He ie on the list, and hiB genius ivas powerless to make him kuown at Marton-avenuc. After this ho should throw down his mighty pen in digni fied disgust. But the crowning item on tho 'list is yet to ho raisod from obscurity and fired upon an astounded and unsuspecting world. It is with tho tenderness of a high wayman and the delicacy of a steam-engine that it is embraced. It is just ns well to let it stand forth in all its pomp and manifold magnificonce un diminished by any vocativo proof. "miss janey toff, government house.'1 What a wealth of meaning and a weight of import roposo substantially at the base of that column of unconjcctured caste I What a bedazzling guard of honor tramps round that luminous lino in a Govern ment Gazette 1 Any attempt to lessen tho lustro of that legend would only he stranded on the mud- hank of failure, for it surpasses every thing from a Carbine Cup to the centre of gravity. An endeavor to deal with this lost society belle has " basted up " this series. 