TALK ON 'CHittGE.! Two men in the Parliament of Victoria are at the present time to be really envied. I mean, of course, Messrs. Hancock and" Trenwith. The remain ing ninety - three members either talk at or of them continuously. Out of their fears they have built a high pedestal, and set their two worthies upon it They are not exactly Delphic oracles, save to another legis lative hall, since they are rather lectured than consulted, and they add nothing to the artistic beauty of the chamber, recently heightened by the addition of a portrait of Mr. Gillies ; but they enjoy, in common with Galatea and the Tinted Venus, the advantage of being able to step down from the pedestal occasionally and stroll up to the refreshment-room. But. alas ! the work is incomplete. The third of a famous trio perches in the gallery brooding with folded wings and waiting for the day when he, too, may swoop for that pedestal. And if one may talk seriously to a statue, let me advise the Tinted Venus to have nothing to do with Mr. Alderman Carter. When it irritates Mr. Bent or Mr. Patterson, they hit back hard. But when an interjection is thrown at the member for Melbourne with intent to do him grievous bodily harm, Mr. Carter does not arm himself with a sledge hammer and retort lie takes the offender gently and lovingly between his fingers, as the philosophic fisherman does a worm, and pro ceeds to insert the barbed hook. The worm squirms.of course.On Tuesday night Mr. Carter had the Tinted Venus in theridiculous position of folding its arms across its bosom and pro testing its virtue. The House laughed, of course, for any member of the Social Purity Society will tell you that Venus, whether tinted or plain, is "a mere 'ussy." There is one young and pretty member of the Victorian Legislature who thinks slowly, as pretty men often do, and fills up the gaps in his attenuated train of ideas with a con tinuous drawl. On Tuesday night the habit proved peculiarly irritating to the bad boy of the Legislative Council, who was listening to the debate. " That perpetual err! err!" he said, '' grates on my nerves." Mr. Abbott, who was alongside, simply said, " To err is human, to forgive divine." The villagers, who in their eager desire to get rid of an objectionable resident gave him such flattering testimonials that he deter mined to stay where he was so much prized were, I think, in the mind of the honourable and gallant colonel who represents Ballarat West when he, a short time since, announced his intention to retire from Parliamentary life. If BO, the ruse worked to perfection. A11 the newspapers had complimentary and regretful notices. The old soldier has filled scrap-book with these laudatory para gn -fhs, and having read them over several tiiiija, he has come to the conclusion that it would be wrong to deprive the country of the services of a politician so highly esteemed. He will therefore take a trip to America during the recess, leaving a Bigned nomination-paper behind him. Ballarat will not forget her absent friend. He will be returned at the head of the poll, and coming bock from his trip with renewed vigour, will be able to meet every future attack with extracts from that scrap-book. Mr. L. L. Smith casually mentioned the other night that Mr. Woods, Mr. M'Lellan, and himself were the fathers of the Legisla tive Assembly, as they had seen the longest service there. When one thinks of all the men who have come and gone Bince this worthy trio were first elected, one can scarcely regard it as an instance of the survival of the fittest, or, if it be, then what constitutes fitness in a member of Parlia' ment? The suburbs of Melbourne are well supplied with medioal men, and consequently com petition is keen, and no legitimate meanB of advertising is neglected. If one' attends church regularly his competitor- goes in the choir or leads in prayer. But there to one doctor who strongly disapproves of tbah tactics. "I go to church," said he. to 1 worship God, and I leave all worldly con siderations outside. I don't believe in these fellows who try to use religion to increase their practice. For five years I have, attended that church. Yet as Boon as yonng Brown comes, who has 710 more religion than my boot, the members of the congregation all send for him. They won't catch me there any more; t can't stand that sort of religion." Since the advent of " General" Booth tha Salvation Army has been carrying on its! crusade with renewed vigour and increased! success, *x>ut one detachment met with a slight repulse at Richmond the other day.j A blacksmith who had been on a big spree? was supporting himself by the aid of a fence; As soon as he was spied the detachment formed itself into a hollow square, and brought up its artillery. The man was bom-! barded with prayers and hallelujahs for quarter of an hour, and then the order was given to charge. A brave lieutenantess' seized the erring one by the arm, and cried "Come on,brother. Join our ranks and shout for David." " Shout for David!" watr the reply. " No blessher fear. I'll shou* fe* you, my dear. Bring all your pals, 111 shon' fer the hie-'ole blessher lot." . ? Whilst on the subject of the Salvation Army, I may. mention that a correspondent sends the following impudent suggestion. He writes:-"Could yon put me on the w&|[ of getting hold of General's Booth's hat when he departs these shores ? We have no hoi* coat nor sacred breeches in Anstralia, and 1 think that with a syndicate something big j might be boomed with a ' Happy Hat.' Will you form the syndicate, pay all expenses, and; take a liberal half per cent ? Yon secure the} | hat, and I'll guarantee to collect the cash.", The writer is evidently a man of original ideas and great force of character. If htf lived 500 years hence, and could produce evidence as indubitable of the genuineness o£ the hat as we have with regard to the coat fend the breeches, he might really make o gbod thitigontof it. Like many another great man^hfc'haa been born too soon. ? We'have had enough and to spare of the wometa's suffrage question, but I have not seen'it mentioned anywhere lately that from the year 1863 to the year 1865 women in Victoria possessed and exercised the privi lege of voting for members of Parliament. It was. only ratepaying women who had the franchise, and it occurred through an error in the act, which said that all " persons" on the ratepayers' roll should be entitled to be placed on the electoral roll, instead of all " male persons." When Mr. Monro first took up the idea, all that he proposed was to strike out the word " male," so as to reinstate female ratepayers as Parliamentary electors. But the Victorian Alliance and Women's Temperance Union would be con tent with nothing bat the enfranchisement of all women over 21 years of age from Toorak to Little Bourke -street. Like the boy with the jar of nuts, they would have all, and so they have got nothing but " a nasty jar." Already that domineering official known to junior cricketers as " the empire " is making his evil influence felt. At Ontville, some fifty miles from Melbourne, they played their opening match on Saturday. One of the batsmen was formerly the captain of the hurling club, but showed such a wonderful capacity for dragging off balls to long-on that he was put in the eleven. The cricketers of Oatville, it may be explained, never having seen Barrett or Bannerman play, have ail antiquated notion that the first quality in a batsman is an ability to get runs, no matter how he gets them, so they gave the champion in shinty a chance. In this first match he was out leg before wicket, but disputed the decision, which he seemed to think was a piece of unnecessary arrogance on the part of the bowler. The umpire thought it time he had something to say, but had only commenced with " Well, I think-" when the batsman turned upon him.; "Oh, you tink, do you? Who guv yoa; lave to tink? Ifyougota clip over de gob< phwat 'ud you tink ?" When clubs visit Oat-' ville they should take an umpire who doesn't' think, but acts. The first cricket match in which I ever' took part was in the North-East, and one oc the bowlers was Trooper Lonergan, after-* wards shot by Ned Kelly, the bushranger, atf the camp on the King River. He bowled onj this occasion toilfully in helmet, cords, and! top boots, and finally appealed for leg before! wicket But the umpire, who had been! admiring the landscape down by square-leg,*j answered with a bland Bmile, " Ob, give u fellow time to look round." I remember an umpire who was not all hand-' lity and a policeman who flouted the law-09' the cricket-field, at any rate. It is woittt? mentioning, if for no other reason than the' coincidence that this particular trooper was the' one who set fire to the hotel at Glen ro wan, i when the Kelly gang was destroyed. Itr happened, however, in a match played close s to Melbourne, and after the umpire had! given 'such unorthodox decisions as "In,"', and on another occasion, -"-Very near oat,"; the trooper told him that he hod mistaken' the game for marbles. Now this was an> umpire accustomed toact rather than think, | and his immediate- «ction was a praise-i worthy attempt to create a vacancy in the' mounted police. Some of the trading! cricketers grumbled a good deal at the in*] the V.GA. wish to stop it, this umpire is stilS willing to officiate. Inaochoase a difference/ of opinion with a batsman n^ght transfws' to thega^&^fnethihg of tile 'Inltittt taken in plt'iae-fighting. 1 - ! j Mc. Twefed, of Flindeis-lane, is abu^Mo*L but has been able to epafft Jams tofownnlalq the reasonable theory that the use of telephones. So he aenSi measagcsby a junior derfr,ort -ftp; tlvatthe y^lnprtet lv* . . .,. 1^; ^Hiea It^ afar off and. yells at the tranemitter, while ,the petson at the other end innocently ad vises him not to apeak so close to the instru ment. So far, JLr, Tweed has escaped the inlluenza, but amongst the junior ragmen of the lirm it is even betting whether lie has an apoplectic seizure or bursts a blood vessel. Commercial travellers do not as n rule discuss ghosts, save those variegated visions in football colours which haunt men who too frequently barken to the tempter when lie s«y.s. "Just one more and then we'll all go." ?till ghosts were the subject of conversation in tiie Sandhurst express a few nights ago. and one of the travellers asked. "Can any man living say that he has e\ er had an en counter with a ghost?" The challenge w;>s promptly answered by an IriahnK.n who had j been dozing in the corner. "Vis! 1 had twolslit," lie explained. " "Wunce v, id a J black wan and wance wid a white wan, and ; hix I hnvc de mark uv his horn oil me hip! yet." This looked like not merely the j ordinary disembodied spirit, but the king of. evil ones, who, however, according to the Kev. Grubb, is less often identitied by horns than clerical raiment. '"'Hut," asked one of the bagmen, doubtinsly, "do you real/y mean to say you had an encounter with a ghost?" "Ghost!" exclaimed the Irish man. " Shu re 1 taut you said goat."' AVOOMKPiA. 