Vkmmtg. MAN00RA COURSING. THE BUSKING. TmED Dat. The Martindale meeting was continued on Thursday Over -the same, ground as on the first day. Owing to a dense log some delay was caused at starting-, but game was readily reached, and better progress was made than on previous days. All the trials were on (Strong hares, and some' very good courses were wit nessed. The game was started by Steeltrap in a bye, but showed to disadvantage. In the'stubble hares ?were numerous, and Boy had a long lead up, but Constance lost her chance by killing too quickly. The hare favored Jean, who again kept driving puss most cleverly and won, only allowing Moyagilly a Email show. Meg Mernles -and Fawn Rosy bad a 6hort no-go, arid on getting away again the hare favor insr the old 'veteran. Rosvsoon collared a victim and gained the Sag. Gipsy Queen led and worked Strongly, always keeping the higher side from Pizarro, took all the advantage, and won. To a very long slip Iton led Dart, who seemed to be thrown out of stride froni the slips, allowing the Don to score freely; Dart showed a lot of foot, and Jjumped fences cleverly, but was unable to gain the verdict when fcoth were lost to view. Running the . former five courses in a heavy stubbly paddock a move was made for the River Wakefield en route. Fishwife led Royal Maid out of sight, both returning to new unsighted, fcuton going again Fishwife won all the way. The first brace in the second ties of Puppies, Flutina and Venus, missed several chances of game, now very plen tiful, but a strong one was started, and Venus dis played her foot by putting up a good score, only allowing Elutina a couple of turns ere puss reached cover, 'in the slips out promptly O.K. led Pin Monev up, and turned, when the 'slut got in a few ?wrenches, but fell, leaving the Cranbrook dog Jo Win easily when puss reached the hedge. A similar attempt to the first day to drive the hares irom the river again resulted in failure, many escaping:, but 'Splendora was slipped in the -same place as previous round, this time -with Young ftlectric a dosr with a screw lesr. but, was netser »t, work, in a long grueller, when the plucky little white Slut came hi contact with a log and seemed disabled, Jeavinsr'She black dog to go over the rise and quick! y gained the flag, which decision was not favorably re \- oewed by -Jie spectators. Freedom in her bout with Cigar (won all Jthe Iway in a good go. Taking the second ties of the Martindale Stakes a turn was made in the direction of the stables, when a very pretty lead up was gained by Bonner from his brother Oliver Cromwell, who did a close-tailing task out of eight, and tie red flag booked Bonner for another round. JMday and Bobin entered the slips and were led to a hare in the squat, which proved a good'un, and Friday showed his superiority by~ always keeping in front of Bobin, and killed cleverly. In the sHnkwort Steeltrap and Sam Weller sighted badly, and the latter gained the judge's verdict easily. ^n cnnnw har\ +\\*r* slinnpr i-.nlr*m oV»nr«wi nif Tf/%i* nnri Jean when they were set a going by the hill, where Jean amply drove the hare all the way from the big raky dog. Business was now brisk. Fawn Bosy and Gipsy Queen gave exchanges, the foremost doing some extra ?R-ork, when she fell to pieces, leaving the black to conquer. On -the same spot Fishwife won all the way from the Don, when the unanimous desire was to move for lunch. Unconcerned of herfate, Miss Puss \- bad to go from the river to Venus and O.K. along the flat, giving some advantage to the former, which WBS availed of, butO.B- was not to be denied, and a Sharp struggle was ensuing, when the previous brace sf dogs chipped in and spoiled what promised to be a most exciting course, resulting in Venus getting another leg hi. Now, near the luncheon, no hare troubled the next brace, and all appetites sharpened by a most interesting mormng's work (18 ^ood courses), full justice was done to a substantial re past. Openingtheafternoon'sproceedingsfroniabad Bight Freedom was too many for Young Electric, win ning all the way. Starting the third ties of thellar tradale Stakes two good dogs filled the slips, and in sood-couxsing country Hie hare favored Bonner, but S'riday came on fastJy with several wrenches and lolled. From a very long unsatisfactory slip in file tussocks, Sam Weller. and Jean were set off, but both soon got on terms, and the fastest and perhaps best course of the meeting took place, both showing prominently.' in torn, -but Jean fencing the fetter, and displaying her capabilities among the spectators at the finish, was too many guns tor Sam, who came at the finish and killed from her flock. Still hi the black grass Gipsy Queen, and Fishwife were ?sent, but the latter came down badly and allowed the Queen a good advantage which she was able to retain, but ran suspiciously rmnniTi'1 rfeainntr the wattles, 'where both were ex- . changing when lost to view, the flag favoring the darkle. The finals for the Puppies now-entered the clips, and the excitementof this event was soon -dis- posed of by Venus leading Freedom, who 'lost her stride, but ran gamely and was not disgracefully beaten in a good trial. Getting on better country the merits oE Jean trad Friday were hi the slip, and after a most exciting give and take -course puss reached the hedge and the two [Sags were raised, which considerably damaged the chances of these two superior dogs annexing the coveted prize.. Whilst Gipsy 'Queen was preparing tor her bye^the Intention to set the undecided ones -off again was insisted on, and going again several hares were missed before the pair were again started. ?sBatsUng together bravery, then Jean got possession, andfeneing wetter, ^ot&wayand; won. GipgyQoeen ran her bye alter a good bare, and after the usual half hour cnttid the slips again with Jean for the final tussle, and made her owner, Mr.Bosisto, of Riverton, the proud possessor of the Martindale Stakes. Both -of the same litter by 'Blectric-^Spinner (Gipsy -Jueen and Venus') carried off both stakes. -Although beaten in the final, Jean without doubt ran the best grey hound of the meeting-. It was decided to go on with theMartindale Drawn Stakes on Friday, for which 25 consented out of the 33 drawn. Start takes place at the woolsheos. ?Fourth Dat. The morning shone bright, and beautiful drives Thought those having dogs running in the Martindale Drawn Stakes, a special provision made by the energetic committee of the club to satisfy the -eager desire of so many nominators with dogs drawn out of the limited stakes of 32 and 48 of the previous days, the latter having the largest nomination (55) of any stake yet run in the colony. Out of 33 drawn, 25 con sented to the special stake, but McWhirter's Water side, Fahay's Chemist, and Orchard's O.V.G. were drawn ; and Wilkinson's Masher, Draper's Belle, and . Easkell's Hermit wereabsentees, so that the merits of only 19dogs were tried. AboutlOOspectators, including fiie most enthusiastic, followed the game from-ihe wool Sheds, and have every reason to begratined for remain ing over the fourth day, and being'thankful to the hares that were exceedingly -numerous and all strong goers without an exception, having witnessed splendid trials.'and aft seemedsatisned the best dogs won. The disqualification of Thalma when slipped with Bex, out of the same litter as the -two winners yesterday, for cunning was unanimously considered correct, for in her two bye courses she showed.wonderful cuteness, like her companions, Gipsy Queen and Young Electric. Twentv-frhree courses were run before the round in lunch could be reached, and the company were .detained to -permit of the final being -decided ere the starbng-point was -reached, which must be deemed satisfactory, but not % trifle severe on the . contesting dogs, which at the finish were fairly run 4»t Finishing early in the afternoon, we assembled at \- tiie woolsheds andxtartook of-wbat refreshments were -available, sadJHr.i& Pearce in a most hearty nianfier thanked the two best sportsmen, Messrs. E. Bowman and Mortlock, for the use of their grounds and their ?valuable assistance in working so very large a meeting to BO eminently a successful conclusion, which was re ceived with cheers. Bie judge, -Mr. . Hall, who bad an -estremely -difficult task, fulfilled his duties creditably, .and1 considering over ?100 -decisions were given there -cannotbe otherwise than a few disappointed ones ; and \- the slipper, Mr. Campbell, is' improving, and worthily did a lot? o£ -work 'for the meeting, for the first time the drib had the servieesoJ two mounted constables, Messrs. Jameson and Schmidt, and thoroughly appre ciated the assistance of these esteemed officers for their judicious efforts when requested. The club is profiting bv experience, and with the use of so fine a property will continue to provide -a good time every ?ttyear for so popular e sport . -MiEHSDitE -BRAWN felABES. ' Entering a fine large paddock, most suitable for the purpose, we -had proceeded no dis tance when Marleys Ghost and fiintore were set agoing, the former getting away badly, letting 3Sntore fflenty of play till the ghostly one cut hi with a few exchanges, andlrilled tooqaickly to secure a verdict from hisdarker rival. Mark Tapley and Gertie werej not long to be held, for a fair sprinter was started, only: -alloying the former to do a little work,-«aJSginng-botJi a'long- chase, with {Jeriie in the front, and unable to do ^anvthing-to win.: WatersidedrawnandDreadnoughtranabye withSaioff whose rival,' Masher, cttd not -appear. J^yHwn-and' Mignonette were text iried, the former showing jwell in the fronts but-fell, -allowing^figmmette her oppor tunity till the former came -again and -met another! cropper, giving the little-Sot most to do in a tremen dous grueller; 'VSia -and. -Hemlock: ran a -bve to-! gethev, Ohennsfand Belle not being about. Cripple; and Bex ran .another bye, 'O.V.G. being- drawn. Hvpatia beat -Glen ialktiie way after a stiff .go.' VFnimbral put down Bhienght from a bad -sHo-over a swinging course, and-Field:Maish≪ conquered 'Hard- belle, the former doing tbe best -wort, 'although the .flatter ?showied-ptenty ot^tesb, but worked widely. 33iauna,abye, h^tobeput^thesUpsa thhxi time to ran, having difficulty in sigfatsn^g&xne.; K*5t'$5es.^fijnto*c ted up and 'did jaost ?early -work. Then a giveJand-take ^ensse ensued for a long while In view said 'for a considerable timeout ef sight. They returned to -view 'With' 'the black \- in front, but Mark Tapley Wiled and won;the longest gruelling of the whole meeting. -Mignonette tept the advantage from Bres^OMght.goingout of sfeht, the former getting the flag. . The ?ground -was nowmfested ?witto hares, and/the company being more select, it -WBS-an easy task 'putting in tach brace -sod distburing * miss, puss from her -comforts, -nearly all m»»''g for the. hills, which were ..very stony on ;ttop, but -none of the dogs \- sufferedseverely, although the runs were exhausters. ?^iaaisteOTiSaiiwaiinnaitty tem ?ffie-aips, aadais appearingwith^the'JBfage wonfromfiaxon. Fully s dozen bores paraded away at -this time. Sufficient were left to start Cripple ond Hemlock iaway, the latterdoing the early work; tmt -thexsoBise lasted a long time j&round; the bill, and Oripple was at work aftCTthefl^fcad^one'»igaiitst*mx. flypatia -showed Whimbrel -a clean pair of - heels: woTkinjr out of sight, but -the latter -fcove' in -view 'ftist, but only on sufferance, aad -on -aie^eaaiibf a good hare the foUnerbBaJwon-^asily. Field Marshall allowed Bex to have first .cut in and lost thereby, -tnffrtnut^eUiiig'her-iJtttural bye over same course -as eeveral-ggevioBs. . Second Ties.— Mark 9!»ptey won -all fee tray from MgnoHette*JlI-l»ai'e*seajjea;in hote,-both-»fterward3 r-4(avuig*iKither^oinaod4flUng. -Hemloefc.led VIda ap, but was never about afterwards. qEhnlmti was slipped with-ftex,iJnt=i*nis6 dreadfully cunaing was disqualified. BspaHa^jbye.' Third Ties.— Mark 3te-ley. failed in following the same properly,- and Vida'flflag went up -in oonse quence. Hypataft led upand worked, but losing stride crossuigthecreekiefrSexin^Kith several wrenches, lvrtien the former todfc'-iOTWitiBinfl,^tPd'Baeyr^iflaigt-at -fence was ljeaten^whlan3Si«Hganie reached the wattles. JXow 2 o'cWek^ae*'*'****1 1*saB were^BOt-reoowBred, and a halt was made three-quarters of a. mile from the sheds. Getting to AepiKfoek at the gates, which .VwtfBsSlive wiQiWH**e^l©g8ieH»»WBaiifcae«aeigy.in j*oing^*or aieirtaBie, Bfidian wjdaaded was -the con ? nSuAumoe. *ut?in again with B5SiHarn«o]t,btat only S&e; wag taken up when Hypatia put up the -decider, and both getting quickly together at a fallen tree, Hypatia won ail the way and terminated the most encceasful meeting of the season. 