ICE BOUND. -0- BY W. CLARK 'RUSSELL. CHAPTER 27-Continued, "My lads," said I, "my rig is a strange one, but I'll explain all shortly. The clothes I was casast away in are below, and I'll show you tbem.il'm no specter, but as real as you; though I have gone through so much that, if I am not a ghast, it is no fault of old Ocean, but owing to the mercy of God.My name is Paul Rodney, and I'm a native of London. You, sir," says I, addressing the long man, "are, I presume, the master of the Susan Tuckerl" "At your earvice-Josilah Tucker is my name, and that ship is my wife, Susan."' "Capt. Tucker, and you, men;,will:you please step below?" says L "The -weather promises fair; I have much to tell, and there is that in the cabin which will give you pa tience to hear me." I descended the companion stairs, and they all followed, inaking the interior that had been so long silent ring with their heavy tread, while fronm time to time a gruff, hoarse whisper broke from one of them. But su perstition lay strong upon their imagination, and they were awedl and quiet. The day light came down the hatch, but for, all that the cabin was darksomue. I waited till the last man had entered, and then said: "Before we settle down to a bowl and a yarn, captain, I should like to show you this ship. It'll save me a deal of de scription and explanation if you will be pleased to take a view." "Lend on, mister," said he; "but we shall have to snap our eyelids and raise fire in that way-for dusned if I, for one, can see in the dark." I fetched three or four lanterss, and light ing the candles distributed them among the men, and then in a procession, hcadled by the captain and me, we made the rounds. I had half cleared the arms room, but there were weapons enough left, and they stared at them like yokels in a booth. I showed them the cook house and the forecastle, where the deck was still littered with clothes and chests and hammocks, and after carrying them aft to the cabins gave them a sight of the hold. I never saw men more amazed. They filled the vessel with their exclamations. They never offered to touch anything, being too much awed, but stepped about 'ith their heads un covered, as quietly as t li could, as though they had been in a vasfi,, and the influence of strange and terrifying memorials was upon them. I also showed them the clothes I had come away from the Laughing Mary In; andl that I might submit such an aspect to them as should touch their sympathies, I whipped off the cloak and put on my own pilot cloth coat There being nothing more to se I led them to the cook room, and there brewed a great hearty bowl of brandy punch, which I sea soned with lemon, sugar and spices into as relishable a draught as my knowledge in that way could compass, and, giving every man a pannikin, bade him dip and welcome, myself first drinking to them with a brief speech. / This ceremony ended, I began my story, beginning with the loss of the Laughing Mary and proceeding step by step. I told them of time dead body of Mendoza, but said nothing about the Frenchman and the mate and the Portuguese boatswain, lest I should make them afraid of the vessel, and so get no help to work her. As to acquainting them with my recovery of Tassard, after his stupor of eight-and-forty years, I should have been mute on that head in any case, for so extraordinary a relation could, from such people, have earned me but one of two opin ions- either that I was mad and believed in an impossibility, or that I was a rogue and dealt in magic, and to be vehemently shunned. Yet there were wonders enough in my story without this, and I recited it to a run ning commentary of all sorts of queer Yan kee exclanmation. They were a good deal puzzled when I told them of the mines I had made and sprung in the ice. They reckoned the notion fine, but could not conceive how Il had, single handed, broken out the powder barrels, got them over the side, and fixed them. "Why," said I, "'twas slow, heavy work, of course; but a man who labors for his life will do marvelous things. It is like the jump of a hunted stag." "True for you," says the captain. "A swim of two miles spends me in pleasurin'; but I've swum eight miles to save my life, and stranded fresh as a new hooked cod. What's your intentions, sirn' "To sail the schooner home," said I, "If I can get help. She's too good to abandon. She'll fetch money in England." "Ay, as a show." "Yes, and as a coalman. Rig her mod ernly, mid carry your forecastle deck into the head, captain, pid she's a brave ship, fit for a Baltimore eye." He stroked down the hair upon his chin. "lDip, captain; dip, my lads, there's enough of this to drown ye in the hold," said I, "pointing to the bowl. "Come, this is a happy meeting for me; letit be a merry one. Captain, J drink to the Susan Tucker." "Sir, your servant. Here's to your sweet heart, be she wife or maid. Bill, jump on deck and take a look around. See to the boat." One of the men went out. "Captain," said I, "you are a full ship." "That's so." "Bound homer' "Right away." "You have men enough and to spare. Lend nme three of your hands to help me to the Thames, and i'll repay you thus: There should be near 100 tons of wine and brandy, of exquisite vintage and choice writh age be yound language, in the hold. Take what you wvill ot that freight; there'll be ten times the value of your lay in your pickings, modest as you playprove, .Help yourself to tlhe clothes in the cabin and foraecast~; they will turn to account. For the meu you will spare, and who will volunteer to Ihelp me, this will be my undertaking: the lship and all that is in her to be sold on her arrival, and tice pro ceeds equally divided. Shall we call it £1,000O apiec? Captain, she's well found--her in ventory would make a list as long as you; I'd nmne a bigger sunm, but here she is-you shall overhaul her hold and judge for your self. Swatelhed hlim anxiously. Nho man spoke, but every eye was plpn Itin. He sat pulling down thle hair on his c!llc, thei jmi;ipipg up on a sudden and extending his hand, he cried: "Shlcake!-it s Ilrgasin, if the men'll jine." "I'1 jinel" exclaimed a man. There was a pause. "And p;e," siid the negrq. I was glad of this, and looked earnestly at the others. "Is she tight?" said a nman. -"As a bottle," said I. They fell silent agail. "Joe Wilkinson and Washington Crom wel-lt.ent twp jiues,'" said the Faptain. "Bullies, he wants a third. Dout spreak all together." The man named "Bill" at this moment re turned to the cook roomn and reported all well above. My offer was repeated to him, but l)e phook his head. "This isthelqrq, moatas,"saidlo. "There's a deal'o' ?vater 'tween thls aOrl dn Tiassa.. How do she sail h'o csian kinows., "I want none but willing men," said L "Amcericans make as good stilors as thei English. What an English seaman can face any of you can. There is another negro in the boat, Will 'you let him step aboard, captain? IIp may jobq.' A manf was'seit 'tq take his plaIe.' Pces smtly be arrived, and I gave him a cup of ' 'Splain the business to him, sir," said the captain, filling his pannikin; "his name's Billy Bitt." 1 did so; and when I told him that Wash ington Cromwell had offered, he instantly said: "All right, mssa, I'll be ob yah." This was exactly what I wanted, and had there been a third negro I'd have preferred him to the whito.man. "But how are you going to navigate .this craft home with three meal" said the nian Bill to me. "There'll be four-we shall do., The fewer the more dollars, hey, Wilkinson'" lie grinned, and Cromwell broke into a ventral laugh. They seemed very well satisfied, and so was I. CHAPTER XX VIIL I STRIKE A BARGOAIN Twarn TI YAlKEE. The captain put his cup down; the bowl was empty; I offered to brew another jorumn, but he thanked me and Mid no, adding sig nificantly that lie would have no more here by which he meant that he would brew for himself in his own ship anon. The drink had made him cheerful and good natured. He recoimmendled that we should go on deck and set about trans-shipplng while the weather held, for he was an old hand in these seas, and never ruisted the skies longer than a quarter of an hour. "This here list," says lie, "wants remedy ing, and that'll follow our easin' of the hold." "Yes," said I, "and I should be mighty thankful if some of your men would see all clear aloft for me, that we might start with ranning rigging that'll travel, capstans that'll revolve, and sails that'll spread." "Oh, we'll manage that for you," said he. "Tru-ly she's been bad froze-very bad froze. Durned if ever I see a worse freeze." So saying, he called to Bill, who seemed the principal man of the boat's crew, and gave him some directions, and immediately afterward all the men entered the boat and rowed away to the ship. While they were absent I carried the cap tain into the hold and left him to overhaul it. I told him that all the spirits, provisions and the like were in the hold and lazarette, which was true enough-wanting to keep him out of the run-though, thanks to the precaution I had taken, I was inno fear even if he should penetrate so deep aft. Before he came out Ave-and- twenty stout fellows arrived in four boats from the ship, and when we went on deck we found them going the rounds of the vessel, scraping the guns to get a view of them, peering down the com panion, overhauling the forecastle well, as I call the hollow beyond the forecastle, and staring aloft with their faces full of grinning wonder. , The captain sang out to them, and they all mustered aft. "Now, lads," said he, "there sa a big job be fore you-a big job for Cape Horn, I mean; and you'll have to slip through it as if you was grease. When done there'll be a carouse, and I'll warrant ye all such a sup that the most romantic among ye'll never cast an other pining thought in the direction o' your mother's milk." Having delivered this preface, he divided the men into two gangs-one, under the boatswain, to attend to the rigging, clear the canvas of the ice, get the pumps and the cap stans to work, and see all ready for getting sail on the schooner; the other, under the second mate, to get tackles aloft and break out the cargo, taking care to trim ship while so doing. They fell to their several jobs with a will. 'Tis the habit of our countrymen to sneer at the Americans as sailors, affirming that if ever they win a battle at sea it is by the help of British renegades. But this I protest: after witnessing the smartness of those 11nkee whalemen, I would sooner charge the English than the Americans with lubber liness, came the nautical merits of the two nations ever before me to decideupon. They had the hatches open, tackles aloft and men at work below while the mariners of other countries would have been standing looking on and "jawing" upon the course to be taken. Some overran the fabric` aloft, clearing, cutting away, pounding, making the ice fly in storms; others sweated the cap stans till they clanked; others fell to the pumps, working with hammers and kettles of boiling water. The wondrous old schooner was never busier-no, not in the hey day of her flag, when her guns were blazing and her people yelling. As half-past three in the afternoon the breeze began to sit in dark curls upon the water, and there was evidence enough in the haziness in the west, and in the lomln of the shoulders of vapor in the dark blue obscure there, to warrant a sackful for this capfnl presently. "I reckon," says the captain to me, after looking iuto the west, "that we'd best knock off now. There's snow and wind yonder, and we'd better see all snug while there's time." He called to one of the men to tell the sec ond mate to come up from below and get the hatches on, and bringing me to the rail he pointed to a boat, and asked if that would do? I said yes, and thanked him heartily for the gift, which was handsome, I must say the boat being a very good one. though, to be sure, he had got many times its value out of the schooner; and a party of men were forthwith told off to get the boat hoisted and stowed, The captain then shook me by the hand, and, calling afarewell to Wilkinson and the negroes, scrambled into the chains and dropped into his boat, very highly satisfied, I make no doubt, with the business he had done that day. A boat's crew were left behind to help us to make sail. But the weather looking some what wild in the west, with the red light of the sun among the clouds there, and thedark heave of the swell running into a sickly crimson under the sun, and then flowing out dusky again, I got them to treble reef the mainsail and hoist it, and then thanking them, advised them to be off. ?Y gave them a cheer when they started~, whlich they re turned, and then, putting Crpmwell to the tiller, I went forward with the others and set the topsail and forestaysail (the spritsail lying Carled), Wvhich would lie show enoogh of canvas till I saw what the weather was like, I kept the topsail aback, waiting for a boat to arrive with my chart, and in a few minutes the boat we had cheored returned withwhat I wanlted. MIeanwhile they were shortening sail on the whaler; and. though she was no beauty, yet I tell you I found her as picturesque as any ship I hadl ever beheld as she lay with her maIntopgallantsail clewed up, her top taij yqrds on Pip pal!s, aqd thIo pdds of nleIn kiiotting the rkpf poiits sbxowinug black over the white cloths, her hull fioating up out of the hollow and flinging a wet orange gleam to the west, a tuible of creamy foam about 'er to hlier rolling--sladows lilke the pcuwage ipf'phantom Itmis ihuI'i'yling over hlier sails to the swaying ofl her ilasts, and the swellling sea darkling fromi her into the east. I hollowed my lhands, aiid hailing the cap tain, who was on the quarter' deck, asked him for the time by his chrononmcter. He flourished his arm andl dislapcarel, ni!d presently returning shouted to kiiov if I was -dy. I put tihe key in mny watch and an j -rd yes, and then he gave mie the time. _y watch, though antique, was a noble piece of mechanism, and I have little doubt as trustworthy as his chronometer. But I was careful to let it lie snug in my hand. I did not want the negro at the tiller nor the others to see it. They would wonder that so fine a jeweled piece as this should be in the possession of a second mate of a little brig, and it was my business to manage that they never should have cause to won der at anything in that way. The dusk of the evening came quick out of the east, and the wind freshened with a lonk cry in our rigging, as if the eastern darkness was a foe it was rushing out of the west'to meet. I brought the schooner north northeast by my compass, and watched her behavior anxiously. The swell was on the quarter, and the wind and sea a trifle abaft the larboard beam; she leaned a little to the weight of her clothes, but was sur-risingly stiff considering how light she was. 'Wilkin son and the negro came and stood by my side. The sea broke heavily from the weather bow, and the water roared white under the lee bends and spread astern in a broad wake of foam. The whaler did not brace his yards up till after we had started, and now hung a pale, faint mass in the windy darkness on the quarter. A tincture of rusty red hovered, like smoke colored by the furnace that pro duces it, in the west, but the night had drawn down quick and dark; the washing noise of the water was sharp, the wind piercingly cold; each sweep of the schooner's masts to windward was followed by a dull roaring of the blast rushing out of the hollows of the canvas, and she swung to the seas with wild yaws, but with regularity sufficient to prove the strict government of the helm. r But it was being at sea, homeward bound, too: There was no wish of mine, engendered by my hideous loneliness on the ice, by my abhorred association with the Frenchman, that I could not refer to as, down to this mo ment, gratified. Myheartbounded;myspirita could not have been higher had this ocean been the Thames, and yonder dark flowing hills of water the banks of Erith and the Gravesend shore. I turned to the three men. "My lads," said I, "you prove yourselves fine bold fellows by thus volunteering. Do not fear; if God guides us home-to my home, I mean-you shall find a handsome account in this busi ness." "Six more chaps would have jined had th' ole man bin willin'," said Wilkinson. "But beat as it is, master, though she's a trifle short handed." "Why, yes," said I, "but being fore and aft, you knowl It isn't asit we'd got courses to hand and topsails to reef" "Ay ay, dat's de troof," cried Billy Pitt. I tort o' dat. Fore an' aft makes de differ ence. Don't guess I should hab volunteer had she been a brig." "There are four of us," said I. "You're my chief mate, Wilkinson. Choose your watch." "I choose Cromwell," said he; "he was in my watch aboard the whaler." "Very well," I exclaimed; and this being settled, and both negroes declaring them selves good cooks, we arranged that they should alternately have the dressing of our victuals; that Wilkinson should have the cabin next mine, and the negroes the one in which the Frenchman had slept, one taking the other's place as he was relieved. I asked Wilkinson what he thought of the schooner. He answered that he was watch ing her. "There's nothin' to find fault with yet," said he; "she's a whale at rolling, sartinly. I guess she walks, though. I reckon she's had enough of the sea, like me, and's got the scent o' the land in her nose. I guess old Noah wasn't far off when her lines was laid. Mebbe his sons had the building of her. There'ssomething scriptural in her cut. How old's she, master?" "Fifty years and more," said I. "Dero's nuffun partickler in dat," cried Cromwell. "I knows a wessel dat am 101 years old, s'elp me as I stand. "I don't know how the whaler's heading," said l~ibut this schooner's a canoe if we aren't dropping her!" Indeed she was scarce visible astern-mere windy flicker, hovering upon the pale flash ings of the foam. It might be perhaps that the whaler was making a more northerly course than we, and under very saug canvas, though ours was snug enough too; but be this as it may, I was mightily pleased with the slipping qualities of the schooner. I never could have dreamed that so odd and ugly a figure of a ship would show such heels. But I think this; we are too prone to view the handiwork of our sires with contempt. I do not know butthat their ships were as fast as ours. They made many good passages. They might have proved themselves fleeter navigators had they had the sextant and chronometer to help them along. Fifty years hence, perhaps, mankind will be laughing at our prl?ditlie we, by Heaven, whq flatter ourselves that 6ha art of shipbuilding and navigation will never be carried higher than the pitch to which we have raised them! Cromwell being at the tiller, I told Billy Pitt to go below and get supper, instructing him what to dress and how much to mix foer a bowl-for, as you kno-w, there was nothing but spirite and wine to season our repasts with. I saw Cromwell grin widely into the binnacle candle flame when he heard me talk of ham, tongue, sweetmeats, marmalade, and the like for sapper, together with a can of hot claret, and knowing sailors' nature middling well, I did not doubt that the fare pt the schooner would bfjsg the three men more into love with" the adventure than even the reward that was to follow it. CHAPTER XXIX. .Si I VALUE THE LADING. G The day had been so full of business, there had been so much to engage mqy sind, that It was not until I was seated at supper in the old cook room, in which I had passed so many melancholy hours, that I found myself able to take a calm survey of my situation, and to compare the various motions of my fortunes. I could scarcely indeed believe that I was not in p dr.an, front which I should awaskn presently, and discover my self stlli securely imprisoned in the ice, and all those passages of the powder blasts, the liberation of the schooner, my lonely days in her afloat, my rncounter with the whales; as vyllinary ang ranishingas those dusky forms Fvapor which had swarped in giant shape over my little open boat. But even if confirmation had been wanting in the sable visoge of Billy Pitt, who sat near thie furnace munching away with prodigious enjoyment of his food, and bringing his can of hot spiced wine from his vast blubber lips with a mighty sigh of deep delight, I umst have found it in each hisslng leap and rar itsg pli.ge of the old liratical bucket, so full of the vitality of the wind swollen canvas, so auick with all the life Instincts of a vessel stormning through the deep with buoyantkeel and under full control, Oh 11lyeavel ly w tit ferent frorq the dull ambling of the morning, the sluggish Pitching ,nd rolling to the weak pulling of the sprltoaill I was up and down a good deal during the alght. But for the treasure I should have been less anxious, I dare say. I had csme so successfully to this point tlnt I was resolved, if my hopes were to miscarry, the msisfort une sdhould niot be owing to want of vigilance on my part; and there happened au incident which inevitably tended to sharpen my watchfulness, though I was perfectly cose acious it was a million to one against its o- curring a second time. -I came on deck to relieve Wilkinson at midnight, after a half hour's nodding doze by the furnace below. He went to his cabin; I stood under the lee of a cloth seized in the weather main rigging. Pitt arrived, and I told him he couid return to the cook house and stay there till I called him. The helm being lashed and the schooner doing very well, nothing wanted watching in particular, yet I would not have the deck abandoned, and meant to keep a lookout turn and turn about with Pitt, as Wilkinson and Cromwell had. She snow had ceased, but it was very dark and thick, the ocean a roaring, welter ing shadow, palpitating upon the eyes in roll. Ing folds of blackness, with the quick expir ing flash of foam to windward. On a sud den, looking over the weather quarter, me thought I discovered a deeper shade in the night there than was elsewhere perceptible. It was like a great blot of ink upon the dark ness. Even while I speculated it'drow out in the shape of a ship running before the gale. She seemed to be heading directly for us. The roof of my mouth turned :Iry as desert annd; my tongue and limbs re fused their office; I could neither cry nor stir, being indeed paralyzed by the ter rible suddenness of that apparition and the imminence of our peril. It all happened while you could have told thirty. The great black mass surged up with the water boiling about the bows; she broulghtathtnder aldng with her in her rigging and sails as she soared to the crowns of the seas she was sweeping before. I could not tell what can vas she was under, but her speed was a full ten knots, and as I did not see her till she was close she looked to come upon us with a single bound. She passed us to windward within a stone's throw, and vanished like a dark cloud melting into the surrounding blackness. Not a gleam of light broke from her; you heard nothing but the boiling at her bows and the thunderous pealing of the gale in her canvas. A quarter turn of the wheel would have sent us to the bottom, and her, no doubt, on top of us. Whether she was the Susan Tucker or some other whaler, or a big South sea man driven low and get ting what easting she could out of the gale, I know no ' She was as complete a mystery of the ocean night as any spectral fabric, and a heavier terror to me than a phantasm worked by ghosts could have proved. I knew such a thing could not happen again, yet when I called Pitt I talked to him about it as though we must certainly be run down if he did not keep a sharp lookout; and when my watch below came round at 4 o'clock, I was so agitated that I was up and down till daybreak, as though my duty did not end till then. The gale moderated at sunrise; and though it was a gloomy, true Cape Horn morning, with dark driving clouds, the sea a dusky olive, very hollow, and frequent small quick squalls of sleet, which brought the wind to us in sharp guns, yet as we could see where we were going, I got the schooner before it, heading her east northeast, and under a reefed topsail, mainsail and staysail the old bucket stormed through it with the sputter and rage of a line-of-battle ship. There was a logreel and line on deck, and I found a sand glass in the chest in my cabin in which I had met with the quadrants, perspective glass and the like, and I kept this log regu larly going, making a point of depart"ro on the chart the American captain had ,iven me, which I afterwards found to be within two leagues and a half of the true position. But for three days the weather continued so heavy that there was nothing to be done in the shape of gratifying the men's expecta tions by overhauling what was left of the cargo. Indeed, we had no leisure for such work; all our waking hours had to be strictly dedicated to the schooner, and in keeping a lookout for ice: But the morning of the fourth day broke with a fine sky and a brisk breeze from a little to the east of south, to which we showed every cloth the schooner had to throw abroad, and being now by dead reckoning within a few leagues of the mer idian of 00 degs., I shaped a course north by east by my compass, with the design of get ting a view of Staten Island that I might correct my calculations. When we had made sail and got our break fast, I told 1TVilkluson and Cromwell (Pitt being at the tiller) that now was a good op portunity for inspecting the contents of the hold; and (not to be tedious in this part of my relation, however I may have sinned in this resptt elsewhere) we carried lanterns below, and spent the better part of the fore noon in taking stock. From a copy of the memnorandum I made on that occa?lein (still in my possession), I dliscoveredl that the Yan kee captain hail left; s the following: Thirty five casks of rlm, twenty-eight hogsheads of claret, sixty punlcheons of brandy, forty casks of sherry, eighteen cases of beer Tn bottles, together with a number of "pieces" of gin, as it is called. In addition to this were the stores in the lazaretto, besides 4 quintlty of several kinds of wine in jars, etc., elsewhere. enumerated, besides all the ship's furniture, her guns, powder, small arms, etc., as well as the ship herself. I took the men into the run and showed them the chests, opening the little one which stood stocked with small arms, and lifting the lids of two or three of the others. They were perfectiy satisilci: fiully believed the cle'ts o Ibe filled with small arms, and pottlitig else, and so we came away and returned to the cabin, where, to please them, I put down the value of the cargo at a venture, setting figures against each article, and makiungouta total of £2,ttl, This, of course, included the ship. "How much'll dat be a man., niassal" asked Cromwell. "Six hundres? pl.i1 sixty pounds," I an swered, The poor fellow was so transported that, after staring at lme in silence with the cor ners of his mouth stretched to his ears, he tossed up his hands, burst into a rosa of laughter, and made several skips about the deck. "Of course," said I, addlressinlg Wilkinson, "smy figures mIlay be ahead or short of the truth. But if you are disposled to take the chance, I'll tell you what 'll do; Ill stand by my figures, accellting the risk of the value of the lading beilng less than what I say it is, and uidlertake tgive each man of you £1,000 for your share." "Wrell, sir," said lie, "I ldon't kows that I ought to object. But a few lounds is a nmat tsr ofgreat eollsequelce to ile, and I reckon if theds here goods and the wvessel should turn out to be worth nlore tihan ye oilffer, th loss u'd go agilU the grit--ay, if 'tirere f2t0 a man." I laughed:, enm tSold hiso to let the matter rest; thuns-iasplenty of tinle before us; I shouli be willing to stand by my offer even if I lost by it, so heartily obliged wafs, I to them for coming to my assi.etiue. And In this I slpoke the trltl, though, as you \ill understanos 'gso knosw my position, I had to finess. It went against my conscience, to mnake oiut that the chests were full of small arms; but I should have been mad tatell them the truth, and perhaps by the truth make devils of mene ws'ho were, and promisled to remnain, steadly, terlperate, honest fellows. I vias not governul by the desire to keep all the treasure to myscelf; no, I vow to God I should have lbees glad to give them a moiety of it had I not lapprehellnded the very gravest consequeiccs if I were candid with them. But this, surely, must tie 4. Pls9i that it is idle to go oni illsit?ng on it. The fl, 'yoathl?y, the golden issue that was (To be Continued) 