TURF NEWS. EVENTS rfEQUiniNG ATTENTION. E1b»w here will be found the programme of the Botany Pony Racing and Trotting Olub for August 25. It reads as follows: — Floodvale Handicap (13.3), twice round ; Bunnerong Handicap (13.0), twice round; La Percuss Handicap (12.2), once round; Barnum Handicap' (11.3), once round; and Galloway Trot (14.2 and under), 1 mile. Entries close this evening lit ' Bendigo's,' George-street. Mr. M. Seale, secretary to Canterbury Park Galloway, Pony and Trotting Club, announces that his ' next meeting will eventuate on the 27th, when the following programme will be run off : — Plying Han dicap, of 30 S0V3 (14.1), 5 furlongs ; Pony Handicap, of 30 sovs (14.0), Gi furlongs ; Welter Handicap; of 30 sovs (14.2), lowest weight 7st 71b, 5 } furlongs; Selling Eace, of 30 sovs (14.1), 6 furlongs; Distance Trot, of 30 sovs, 2 miles; and Galloway Handicap, of 50 sovs (14.2), 1 mile. En tries close at 5 p.m. on Friday, and weights will be declared on the 24th. The newly-formed Illawarra Racing Club will celebrate its first meeting on ?Wednesday and Thursday, September 9 and 10, when the undermentioned pro gramme will be run off: — First day: Opening Handicap of 40 sots, 6 furlongs ; Trial Stakes of 40 sovs, 1 mile ; Wollon gong Handicap of 100 sovs, 1 mile 3 fur longs; Selling Race of 50 sovs, 1 mile; and Flying Handicap of 40 sovs, 7 fur longs. Second day : District Purse of 40 bovs, once round ; Novel Eace of CO sovs (a selling race), 7 furlongs ; Town Plate of 80 sovs, 1} mile; Kembla Stakes of 40 sovs, 7 furlongs ; and Tom Thufiib Handi cap of 50 sovs, 1 mile. Nominations for full programme close with the hon. secre tary, Mr. J. A. Beatson, on Monday, August 31. In our business columns appears a noti fication from Mr. Dan M'Xeod, member of Tattersall's Club, New Zealand, informing backers that he can be found in the Leger reserve at all meetings, where he is pre pared to accommodate all comers. The two paintings of Wild Eoso 'placed in the hands of that well-known artist, Mr. F. Childs, have been faithfully exexcuted according to order, and have given every satisfaction. This rising artist should noon find his hands full. The bay colt by Goldsbrough — Queen of the Forest, the dam of Myall King and Theodore (Myall King being the winner of three Viceroy Clips in India in succession) has been named Glitters. He is a big rakish-looking colt, and if his breeding is worth anything ho should be heard of shortly. Glitters is, we notice, engaged for the two-year-old e,vent on the 29th at Randwick. ? Some time ago a project was started for the formation of a racing company at Wollongong to take the place of 'the old Turf Club. The result has so far been very satisfactory to the promoters. The proposed capital was .£2000, in as many shares. The whole of the shares have been taken up and allotted locally. The direc tors and other necessary officials have been appointed, and no time has been lost before commencing active operations. A two days' meeting for September 9 and 10 is advertised, and already horses are being located in view of the meeting. From present expectations the first meeting under the new management bids fair to be very successful. The nominations- for tlis TVagga Gold Cup, Town Plate, and Hurdle Eace, run at the annual spring meeting of the Murruni bidgee Turf Club on August 21 and Sep tember 1, are the largest received for these events for some years. The. racecourse is in good order. Among the horses training there now are Bronzewing, Roebuck, Asso-' ciate, Oineo, Oudeis — Latiina filly, Es mond, Osric, Elton, Oliver Twist, Simon, Myrtle, Mos3 Rose, Transit, Emerald colt, Bushlight, The Dude, May Day, The Joker, Fairy King, Sundown, Guinea, Wanda filly, Tnmberumba, Ariadne. The following are shortly expected to arrive : — Tapanui, J 5, Piety, Stella Dean. Sandal, Eurobie, Frantic, Strike a Light, Ghost, Salome, i On July 15 wo published an outline of the career of ' C.R.C.' or ' Chatty Rhys' of the English Sporting Times. The fol lowing pitiful' comments on the funeral of the deceased, -written by Captain Hayes to the Indian Planters' Gazette, -will tend to serve to illustrate how little we are thought of -when we're gone. . He says : — 'We buried poor ' Chat' Rhys, the sweet Binging poet of the Sporting Times, who used to write under the initial C.C.E., in the Finehley cemetery. The only announce ment of the time and place of his burial was contained in the Rekeree. There was a very well written and sympathetic obituary notice of poor Ehys in the Spor ting Times, the pathos expended on which appeared to have exhausted the feelings of the stafE of 52 Fleet-streot, for I did not see any of them present. There was a mourning coach containing three ladies and a couple of gentlemen, a hansom with a couple of men in it, and myself in a fly. While the service was going on in the church two more men came in, and that wa3 all. For the sake of being a charming com panion and faithful friend to those who would not take the trouble to see him buried, poor C.C.E. squandered his ample fortune and rare gifts God had given him. Here was the endof thatcursed human race, good fellowship. The scene at the grave was vary painful, for th.e young lady to whom he had 'been engaged sobbed and cried in all the misery of a broken heart. As we stood by with uncovered heads while the clergyman read the burial service, I could not help thinking of a similar scene when we buried poor Mr. Woodyear (pro prietor of Woodyear's Circus) last year in Calcutta. Then it was the -widow of our friend and the mother of his fatherless children that wept by the grave with far bitterer cause. This is not much of a world upon which to set one's affection.' The famous stallion Mortemer, sire of Apremont and Chamant (winner of the Two Thousand Guineas), died at the Brookdale stud farm, New Jersey, in May last. The horse was bred in' I ranee in 1865, and during his turf career, which extended over four years, he ran in fifty races, being successful twenty-six times. He won over all distances carrying heavy imposts. As a five- year-old ie secured the Stockbridge Cup in England, and returning to the Continent won five of the six events in which he ran; one of the races was aver 2 miles, and Mortemer car ried lOst lllb. His principal success as a Bix- year-old was in the Ascot Gold Cup. When -fifteen years old he was purchased for America by Mr. Pierre Lorillard, the price being 5150gs. Mortemer changed hands again when he was twenty-one, but as he was then showing signs of age it was at a vevy much reduced figure. In 1885 he was -second -in the winning sires of America, and' his stock have always been eagerly purchased. Among the other good onje3 got, by Mortemer before he left his [native land was Verneuil, winner of the; Gold Vase, Gold Cup, and Alexandra Plate at Ascot. [Apremont is the Bire of Moraine, now in Mr. W. Duggan's 'strfble at Bandwick, and many good winners in New Zealand.] 