STABBING CASE AT EL DORADO. On Saturday evening an affray took place at Mr. B. Young's, Star Hotel, El Dorado, in which a wound was inflicted with a knife by one of the combatants upon the other. Two men named F. Duckton and A. Morris were in Ihe bar with a number cf others, when an altercation occurred and a fight ensued. The combatants were separated and quiet was ap parently restored. Morris went to tbe back of the hotel to wash himself, when he was followed by Duckton, who bad an open penknife in his hand, with which be stabbed Morris. Fortunately, Morris lifted up his arm in self-defence when he saw the impending blow, the force of which was thus broken. The blade of the knife struck Morris on the upper part of the arm, inflicting a severe wound, from which the blood flowed profusely. As soon as possible, though not until after considerable delay, a conveyance was procured, in which the wounded man was conveyed to the Wangaratta Hospital, where the resident Burgeon bound up the wound, leaving subsequent treatment to a future opportunity. As soon a<3 information reached him of the affray, Constable Robertson proceeded to the Star Hotel, and shortly afterwards found Ducton, whom he arrested on a charge of assault with intent to do grievous bodily har.n and at once conveyed him to the lockuD. Both parties are new arrivals at El Dorado, and both have been employed in the new claim opened up by tbe El Dorado Gold and Tin Mining Company. Tbe incident is the very first of the kind which has occurred in tbe hiBtory of El Dorado, and as may Le readily imagined has caused an Exceedingly painful sensation. It is very fortunate, taking all the circumstances into account, that the result waB not more serious that it proved to bp. The blade of the knife with which the wound was inflicted was two inches and a half in length, and had it struck the body as was evl dently intended it is probable tbat there would have been a very dangerous wound. Prussia's wheat harvest for 1891 amounts to 18,408,000 double cwts. A good story comes from one of tbe recent English elections. A plan was formed frighten to death a certain Tim Casey on hiB return from market by night past the churchyard. As he passed, the usual turnip, white sheet and lantern of the conventional ghost were submitted to his gaze with the customary weird howls. Tim, however, looked fixedly at the apparition for a moment, and remarked, " Arrah, now, and is it a general resurrection or are ye jugt taking a walk by yertelf 