srOBYlELLEa1 . story of the "Black Gouto ef South Staffordshire; ; H By jEANIE GWYNNE BETTANY thor0ff Aunt Saracen's Two Legacies, " etc. CHAPTER LY. — Kinsfolk. 1 kf 11 o'clock the same evening, when Sir. JgiBg entered the vtotrt i rtjdy, -to fwrnd hi, table, with his books spread out, P£is shaded reading-lamp lightuigtfce table hfllY. . , , i »r_ ; The vicar iooKeu up cagwriy «ut in.it w«iu»g " he said, unshadine his lamp, " let me read in vour faae whether I have been Jgtrar, and have all to go through over again, in a new search." . , «We cannot be certain," was the reply, n all in a moment ; 44 we could hardly expect thst " The vicar'6 face clouded. 44 But I &tn; Lsearsnre as any man can be without posi tive proof." He then proceeded to nroe&t; Madeline's story, word for word as Mis. Sait- jin had told it 'to him. » Now, tell me this," srid Mr. Rockingham, hen he had heard it all with an overwhelming ! eagerness in his face : 44 Has she any idea why gfce was asked these questions f" »( \;0\ (he least iu the world. And now this is all sei tied so far, what shall 1 do next ?" u it is J who shall do what isdone next. You rill let me see her to-morrow if I call ?" She will be going out to give a lesson xa&er; early, and I fear it would be almost useless to try and persuade her not to be punctual at an appointment." r " Ah, 1 am like a young man," said the j clergyman ; "I cannot curb my impatience. \There is she giving her lesson to morrow morning ; 41 At .Mai or Terry's, ' " Tt:- n X will walk over there with her. "JYill you tell her that ?" The next morning saw Madeline and the clergyman walking briskly along a country jQid, /.i.nct.ur uuucuouj timcw «ivoi uci confession of the night before. She could not help wonderiug what this clergyman, who made so much of her, would think if he knew the truth. He was uiet, too, but from another reason. It is easy in privacy to plan a conversion, but quite auother thing to put the phn iuto action when the time comes. The one who has imagined and planned the scene may act his part correctly, but how is the other actor to act the part written for Mm, if he has never seen it r 4 'My ikur,'' began the clergyman gently, when they had entered a little wood, 44 1 want you to look at this portrait, ard tell me if yon ver saw anyone like it." And he took from his packet with a trembling hand a portrait painted on ivry of a very lovely girl. She blushed slightly as she looked at it, and her first thought was how like it was to the reflection thit greeted her every morning at Mr mirror. Then her face turned very white e she looked further, and her lips parted, and As cried with a terror-striken look, 44 She's got thai locket on Mr. i.'ockingbam now took her hands, Hasped together as they were, in one of his own. 'My dear child/' he said, 14 tell me What locket you mean." 44 Oh. 1 can't," she cried, trying to release her hands, "it cannot matter to you in nay way. Yc-u have no right to question me, indeed you haven't," she said pifceously." 11 1 may have more right to question yon than anyone you have seen for a very long time," hv replied sadly, for he hsd imagined her taking it iu quite a different way, when he had thought ont the scene in his study before hand. " Look, I will begin to trust yon. SWI I tell you whose portrait that is ?" She had her eyes now wide open, fixed on a last ye&i;'s bird's nest in one of the bashes hs&r; by, and she did not see how he trembled, fr how ji ale he was. 41 Madeline, she was my Bister ; she was my sister. Now answer me, nave I no right at au to aek you any question ?" She still stared at the bird's nest, with that frozen look in her face, and did not answer. ' Do y ou understand me P" he said. 44 That portrait 15 the portrait of my sister; for whom I have been searching many, many years, of latter hopeless search. . She suddenly brought her great eyes away from the bird s n ast and on to his face, un clasped her hands, and placed them on her head in a bewildered fashion. "I don't think I quite understand," toe Mid, brokenly. " I can't collect myself. Let tee think.'' And she turned her eyas once more towards the deserted nest ; and he 1st her re- teain in silence as she would. Then he said, 7® 80 gently, after some moments had passed, Tjl (1 Vfttl AOAP riisn hlia « a 1 aoIpj.A. lh» , — 7 yv» w aiMwa VA m wwiBh me that in the picture ?" 44 Yes," responded the girl, in a far-away oice, as if in a dream. 14 She always wore 4 Her brother's likeness was in it." He ?Tg?fira» "dd-VriU. 'M. « Jai' Jrttu2?t "ta lauefc ; it ' tw what you mean. Well, »ow that. My hair was thw SS7nSe,I?d,ay fac® not u ©furrows, Oh, fenm and trouble change thto&?G £J W With a ps might have so changed passed his sisterM audagam and never have known it. « Sv 2. w less bewildered. ?K SHK broher," she said, " was called Philip ; I know that " Therehad been ?teaS0ILi?.tweettiem that that likeness refiemblea the girl's mother. It had been taken for granted somehow. " Should you know your mother's writing ?" Oh, yes, quite wall; itwas like no one «. He drew from his pocket a packet of ©Id letters. She uttered a little cry. There was no doubt about it. Itwas, indeed, her mother's writing. She recognised it before the packet was in her hand, and while the writing was upside down before her. She trembled all over like an aspen, and waited for him to say something. " P darling," he said, 44 will yon not go and look ior her with me ?" A sadden pain" seized her. "What wouldihiB brother think if he found her as she was, if in deed she still lived ? What would he think of her if "he knew her story;? And a hundred things flashed into her mind that her mother had said to her about the pride of the family to which she belonged, and the unsullied names they had airborne for bo long. 44 Oh !" she said, in an accent of fear, 44 1 must not do it. It would kill her, even if Bhe still lives. She often said she was dead tovou, to yon all. Once," cried the girl, in a sudden access of energy, 44 she sail she saw yon; it was Baden. She was singing, and she said she saw yon in the audience, and she had to be carried ont. Were yon there then, in — - ?" The clergyman leaned against a tree for sup port. "I was there, and I remember it weU. But that could not have been . , . she. O God, it is too crnel. I will find her," he cried. " Go with me to Baden. Let us start to-morrow." The girl looked with horror in her face- 44 They may have gone from there ; they most have gone," she said. 44 My mother always said Bhe should take her opportunity of going to search for her husband, too, and live honestly, if possible." He winced at her words. They became con scious, too, that somebody was coming towards them through the wood, lightly singing an air from an opera. The clergyman was angry at the interruption ; nothing more. Bat the girl, her eyes strained larger than ever, stared at the approaching figure with an accumulated horror in her face, not to be described in words ; then, without turning her eyes away, she flung her self into the annB of her new-found protector, and pointed with a white, trembling finger. The figure was getting veiyjuear now, and stopped singing, to Jaxteh lightly, and to re mark, 44 So Monsieur the pnertis having his little pastime," and was about to pass on, when he caught sight of Madeline. 44 O J upifcer," he cried, 44 and ten thousand thunders, here Is the other of them. Oh del , this is too embarrassing, quite too embarrassing indeed." He returned to "his old manner, and, ' smiling, said to the shrinking girl, 44 Why din yon not look for me and find me, too? I would have been foadof yon, lor. yon are young and beautiful, and would fill my hall. Ana your mother is no longer youDg, and no longer pretty. Monsieur the pxaert, :I beg your par don," he said, raising his hat, 44 this is my daughter. I forve you the enjoyment you may have had at her OxpenBe. 44 Come, .he said, extending his hahd," 44 it is a most fortunate circumstance now." 44 Don't come near her," cried the clergyman, 1 clenching his fist. 44 "Son will, have to give ; proof yon are her falter, before Z .shall let her ; approach yon. Who are you, and what is your name? Your name is villain, whatever : your other name is." The stranger drew from his pocket, first s cigarette ease, and then neard case, upon which was printed: — Mpgene Fetbois. IB. Rockingham paled stiQ more. B was toe name he knew too well as that of his sister's husband. 41 What have you done with my sister ?"he j cried out, seizing the foreigner somewhere: between bis cravat, coUar. Una shirt. My deaSr iar/ was the .tonjnrer's reply, "oanyou riot address me without disarranging, so much cravat? Wtoch of them is your sister? Ibegyonr pardon." "TMb gnra mother, you fiend in human; form. By "heaven, had l another coat on, I'd thrash you within an inch of your life, yon cur W nere is my Bisier, i say 1 44 Are you the amiable brother for whom she weeps, then ?" he inquired aggravatingly. 44 Where is sheYu hissed the clergyman, look ing dangerously at him. 44 Take me to her." 44 Weu, I do not object, " returned the French man, 44 Beeing that .Mademoiselle accompanies us." 44 Madeline shall never go with you.' 44 There is a law in England," said the foreigner , smiling. 44 No law shall ever part this girl from me, nnleea she wishes it. Try it. Do what you can." 44 Under these charming circumstances, f do not think I will take yon to the place where Madame your sister is, probably weeping." " Hold," said the parson. 44 Pfl tay that. I shall never let you out of my right again till I have found her. I will follow yon night and ; day." 44 How wwy droll," ®pKed Pribois, 44 to see a priest tamed into a bulldog, as my most-agree able friend, Winterfoia, does say ; n university eoqwesrion,! beKsve/' . HaSeline alltMs time was leaning heavily on herunde'e mxm, her eyes staring and hwr Hps parted. ' Don't fear, -dearest,4' he said to her going to he reasonable, in said to tail take ui at ones: where my , l cannot be done in five minutes, even by conjuring," replied he, still smiling. 44 Bhe astn Mauriiwter, where I have taken a hall, it is «om» werics.+r ' _ 44 What were you doing here?" asked Mr. Rootingham, a new thought striking Mm." Well, I have come," said Monsieur, blandly, to clsiin a small remittance tout did not active, in its usual way. of someone in this neighbourhood." 44 Who is it?" 41 In all respect, I mast decline to tell you, though it would be my wish to gratify so amiable a brother-in-law." " Call me that again, and I'll knock yon down."" Monsieur Pelbois, who made a practice of succeeding rather by poliiw than by courage, conning rathsk thau manlmess, was consider- nbly cowed by these words and toe look that accompanied them. He dropped his ironical tone entirely, and expressed himself quite willing to accompany them, then and there, to the station. The clergyman was silent a moment or two, meditating what to do. 44 Yes," he said at length, 44 we will go nowstraight tothestation, as yon suggest." It was no moment for Madeline to remember ! singing lesson she had been going to give ; Bhe never once thought of it. All her pent-up love and longing for her mother welled up within her; Bhe was ready to go at once, and strong to go. CHAPTER LYL-r— DBAXH-BEUffGnfG Joy. The United Arte Hotel, Manchester, was next door to the Folly Theatre, and was patronised greatly by theatrical personages. It was there that the Springwoods were usually entertained by their friends; in fact, they almost lived at the United Arte during their season. On toe other side of the hotel was the Folly Music and Flntertaiflment Hall, which had been taken by Monsieur Pelbois for atime ; and the front of which was plentifully decorated yrito coloured placards, depicting this able con jurer's miraculous performance. At about three o'clock in the afternoon re ferred to in the last chapter, a cab stopped in front of toe United Arte, where several young gentlemen, among whom was Jubal Rimmon, stood lounging about the door. Jubal was not the only member of the party who started with surprise on seeing Mr. Rockingham alight. Winterfold, who was of the partv, appeared to be much struck, and pulling Denleigh by the rieeve, he whispered, 44 Deuce teVa it if that isn't Rockingham. ' 44 Some one yon know, then?" said uenieign. 44 1 should rather think so," was toe reply. 44 Comes to our house for too often. I vote we make tracks instantly. He'll be coming and speaking to us." They would probably have carried this sug gestion into action, had not young Sprmgwood, who was also of the party, exclaimed, 44 By Jove !" in such a tone that there was nothing possible but to stand still and Btare. Mr. Rockingham was in the act of helping Madeline out of a cab. No wonder Springwood exclaimed. The waxen face, lit by its great dazzling eyes, and surrounded by a halo of gold, would have made anybody stop and stare. 44 Oh," broke in Winterford, 44 fancy seeing such a creature as that coming out of an ordinary cab! By Jove, toough, she beats those other two, doesn't she i"» By 44 toe other two," we may presume Maud and Keziah were meant. It was now Springwood's turn to exclaim, for Monsieur PelboiB next tripped lightly from the cab. 44 By he said, 44 if toe's going to join his company, they'll spoil our takings. These yonng gentlemen moved on one side as toe party of three entered toe hotel, and then closed in once more, following them with their eyes. When they had mounted the staircase, and were no longer visible, Springwood said in a loud tone of voice, which was his usual one, (< I never sa v a piece of flesh like that before ; and not made-up a whit, I'll swear. Let my dad set eyes on her, he'll bribe her over to our company. All the rest of our girls might go to the deuce. 1 tell yon," he remarked solemnly, I wouldn't have believed there could be such a girl. She loots as well close to as the make ups do at a distance. What an oval her face is ! And di4 you ever see such lips ? I dare bet any of you a hundred pounds she has a fine set of teeth, too. I dare swear she isn't pinched in or padded a bit." But while this player of low comedy was ' discussing Madeline's market value as a stage- article, he did not appear conscious that none of the others ware attending to what he said. They were in earnest conversation themselves, and not about toe girl, for a wonder. The comedian, when lie had stopped talking, listened tothem. "For my part I don't care a — — said Jubal. 44 There's nobody he can tell that matters to me." 44 All very weR/' replied Winterfold, 44 but how about me? If he goes to our house and tells my fother he's seen me here, what a row toere'uhel Thte place is known all over the -world as ahad one, and I tell yon I don't think £ shotol go back home if I thought Rockingham wonldspm;; arid he's sore to. ' 44 He's here himself, at any rate," said Den leigh, winking. 44 He'd have to tell that too. Stnkes me he'll be only too glad to keep dark on his own account, and is inwardly cursing you for having Been him." . 44 Eerily now," said Winterfold, beginning to relax the severity of his countenance, 44 1 toouldn'thave thought he was that sort. I ; jaeger thougfitof that," 0 84 Oh, those parsons ate ifly flogs," observed Springwood, breaking in on the conversation, ii We know that. There are more parsons hanging about our green- rooms than I could ; count in a minute." < Wonder what the girl's going to do," chimed in Jubal. 44 She'll be a mesmerist, or a somnambulist, or a thought- reader, or something of that sort, ; you'll see," said Springwood. 44 Oh, what a setting her head had on its shoulders 1 I never saw anything like it. She's quite thrown away on that low muric hslL" 44 You're in a deuced hurry to take it all for certain," said JubaL "Supposing toe don't belong to Pribois at all. She may belong to Mr. Rockingham." A showy young woman joined the party at th« moment, and proved the friendly relations toe was on by pulling Winterfold's hair, and aalriqg him a he were up snuff ; whereupon toe was told by Mr. Bnringwcod to bag Tier head, as some real beauty had pareed that way not a minute before. The yonng lady pricked ud her ears with evident interest, and requested te be informed who it was. She was told it was nobody toe knew, or would eVer know. 44 Look here," observed Jubal; "you clear ont There's a gentleman that blows me gone in there." 44 Perhaps he'll tell your mother/ suggested the syren, making a grimace at Jubal. Jnbri'eface clouded for a moment. What would his mother think if toe knew the life he was.le&ding;? The young lady shoVed no disposition to move on, however, and requested te be informed which of them was going to treat her to a tongue loosener, by which epithet toe indicated a glass of brandy. All of them expressed them selves willing, if she would be off J She chose to take it from them all. They had beea standing on some steps, and ' as she passed down them, chinking her money iu her hand, aha showed a very tiny foot. 44 Pat it under your skirte," cried Springwood, contemptuously. 44 We've seen afoot just now, : and it hadn't got a heel a mile high stuck in fhe : middle of the sole either, to make it look 1 small." The girl answered by a laugh and a grimace, and was gone; 44 Look here," observed Denleigh. 44 That girl ought not to be allowed to be here." s 44 "Which girl ?" , 44 The one with the yellow hair," he replied, indicating the direction Madeline had taken. " It's a beastly shame for a girl like that to be brought here." 44 You'd better go and marry her, and rescue her/' suggested Spriogwood. 44 That would show von mean what yon my. She ought not to belong to that Pelbois, I'll own ; bat if toe joined our company, toe's juBt the girl to raise the whole standard of the stage. What a Desdemona she'd make !" 44 To your Othello, no doubt," sneered Winterfold. 44 And why not ?" retorted Springwood, hotly. 44 Well, really," said Jubal, 44 the conversa tion has taken a curious turn, considering she may not be able to act at all ; and, Springwood — well — there isn't much likeness between Blue beard and Othello ; you do the one to well to do the other." 44 Great actors can take all parts," said Springwood in a theatrical tone. 44 Together ?" inquired Winterfold. 44 You'd better do Othello atid Desdemona." Springwood was about to make an angry re tort, when Denleigh interrupted. 44 Don't get his temper up Unaccredited genius is apt to be irritable. What a paragraph Scratch bog lost by not being here !" _ In the meantime the three who had given rise to this discussion had gone into Monsieur Pelbois' apartments, which ware handsome enough. It had been arranged during the journey that the foreigner toonld prepare his wife to receive her visitors, in order - to avoid shock. He, however; insisted on placing wine and biscuits on his drawing-room table for his visitors, before entering his wife's apart ment, and this in spite of tbeir repeated asser tions that they could take nothing. It seemed an age that Pelbois was absent. The room he had entered was next to the one they were in ; and the two stood together uouu AU wuiU) «uxu viunteu in sympauiyi as the tones of a voice familiar to both of them fell on their ears. There was an added some thing, too, in it, which neither of them could have described. It was that voice with a difference. It had been suggested that Made line should go first and see her mother, and that Bhe should break the news of her brother's being there to her. Therefore, they were utterly unprepared for the wan apparition that now appeared in the doorway without warn ing, ana frameditself there, looking, looking, not at Madeline, but at her brother ; while her husband, 'standing behind her, kept making despairing signs to Mr. Rockingham and Madeline, setting forth as plainly as signs could, his utter inability to have prevented this. But as the gentle sister of former years stood there looking, every change in the dear face was burned into the Mother's heart and memory. Painful as it was to look, he did not remove his eyes from her. Her ghastliness showed itself toe more lor the paint on her face ; and even toe very attempts towards frus trating the effects of time and sorrow, had a terrible pathos in them for the brother who had loved her through all these years. For a long time, as it appeared, they stood so, neither advancing, neither speaking. It was not until the figure in the doorway began to sway gently that toe clergyman seemed to gain the power of moving. A single move ment brought him to her side. His arms were round her, clutching her, gloating over her. A new life seemed to rise within her at toe magnetic touch ; for who cannot know whether love lives or Is dead, if toe hands meet ? Where words and lookB fail, contact asserts. A glad look came into her eyes. He was going to kiss her. She freed herself in a moment, and taking a handkerchief from the pocket of toe dressing-gown she was wearing, she brushed hue inn ujlvujm uviu uup UV ir« w AISOJ and offered it silently. He kissedlher as if he would never leave off, and half carrying her, seated her with him upon a couch. It would have been quite clear to anyone, that this unhappy woman was living in the moment and the moment only. She not glanced one instant forward since her eyes fell on her brother. She saw him and was with him. Could toe take in more than that ? All this time Madeline stood apart, not daring to break in upon them. After some little time toe clergyman remembered that this could not go on. He mast make some arrangement quickly, to take bis darling away, for away he meant to take her. So with this thought he : said to her, 44 How soon can you put a dress on ? We most go away." She did not answerhim. Her head still rested on his shoulder. He waited a few moments, ; and then put the question to her again. He was loath to disturb her, so he rested his own head against hers as it lay on his shoulder, and , again waited. He started up. Madeline had given a shriek, and had flown towards them. He looked first at her, and then at the drooping head that lay against him. "Bring some water ; toe'e fainting, " cried the 1 clergyman to the husband, who was acting toe part of a. statue. He seized one of his sister's hands, and Madeline toe other, and they rubbed them between their own. But as they rubbed the hands stiffened within theirs. What a fate ! that this should have come in toe very hour of deUver&noe;,«t the apparent outset of a new and happy life. It seemed to poor .Rockingham too cruel a blow that God had struck him. Yet his aster had had her dearest wish. Bhe had died with her head e wed on fhat bosom, and with his arm about And let us hope that happier life than she had imagined was hers. CHAPTER LHL-XBritfB MAY-bay. Never had a brighter May-day shone than the one that followed toe tragedy we have described. Maud Towers and her friend Xfesiab, opened it by going out before breakfast. Maud wore a fight costume, with ttbbotw of pale toade. Her widow's weeds were laid aside. Her feeiingB bad gone against this. As toe remarked to Kezian, she aid not want to appear to toe world with a label, 44 To Let," on her. But if Keziah would not leave off black unless toe did,6he must do it; though she said tthe cases were not at all parallel ones. Keziah, who looked best in pink, wore a print of that colour, and a white straw hat with pink ribbons. Bat her cheeks were sadly wanting in pink. They were pale enough, though she had only just returned from Paris, whither Maud had spirited her away, after she had received Eiwoxthy's letter. Sue had had a hard fight with death for her -friend. Keziah seemed to have lost all wish to live. Bhe had muds no rexnaik whate ver shout toe tetter and her silence was the most frigfatfui foatoro of all in Maud's eyes. It Showed, as nothing; rise could have done, how toe had hem hto Maud bai taken her to Paris, thinking toat toe utter change of sofeas anfotlt iaoofiijptoWih toe could not herself effect. Maud was angry with EI worthy, too, for toe course he had taken; and as her anger rose against him, it died out towards poor Keziah, who Was equally blameworthy. They had come back again now, and Kemafr was able to speak of her miserable love fUfebft J and had gone so far as to wbikdst wbrita be would come back to her after al!. ZtWas a very- good sign. Still Maud was just to fa? irons knowing what would be the end el .it, for riie could not help thinking that, perhaps, garish had worn El worthy's love out. But of tois she said no word to her frieud. As they started out iu the fresh morning, and passed down the garden, fragrant withfiawthonr blossom, for it was already ont in that sheltered nook, Maud said : 44 we will wear a breast-knot of this to night.' t 44 1 wish you had not promised we would go," said Keziah, wearily. 44 It seems so unnatural to be meeting company one knows nothing abori and cares less." 44 Well, I have promised, at any rate ; endg< we will. Dm not going to have you brooding and moping, all for want of a little effort on mi pert." . 44 Bnt what do you expert going to a staph party to do for me P" 44 I'll answer that when you've been." Affet ' all, it was something to have Keziah express an opinion at alL It was a vast Improvement on her apathetic agreeing to everything, as had done since Eiworthy's letter to her. 44 What are yon thinking about ?" a iked Maud of Keziah, when they had walked along in silence for some time. 44 1 was thinking how strange it is that Jubal is to be married to day, and that I should have no part in it of any kind." 44 Well, you never expected to have any part in it," 44 Oh, no ; not for a long, long time. But oura does seem to be such au ill-assorted house." 4 1 think it's a great mistake for Jubal to marry,'; returned Maud. 44 He's too young to know his own mind." " m afraid Laura won't make a good wife for anybody, either." 44 The worst feature in toe (awe is that she's coming to live next door to me," said Maud, irritably. 44 That's your point of view, Maud. There is a worse. Poor uncle David ! Fancy his having her. It was a bad day for poor uncle when ne took juoai into nis house. But look, Maud, what a bringing up he had. What can you expect?" 44 You had toe same, whatever it was." 44 Well, he was a hoy, and I suppose that some difference. Besides, father never liked him ; and I think he did like me at bottom." 44 He couldn't help admiring you, Kizzy, whether he liked you or not. An outsider mightn't take to you at once, nor admire you. You are too outspoken, perhaps, for that. But such a rare honesty as you have — certainly quite beyond anyone I ever knew — cannot tot command respect and admiration from your worst enemies." Keziah shook her head sadly. 44 Nothing is worth much except love," she -said. 44 Opinions vary so ; and, at the best, they are but opinions. Bnt love — it just takes you as you are, faults and all, and makes the best of you." Then too reverted to toe previous subject— JubaFs mar riage. 41 To think that I should not have known he was going to be married to-day, but for uncle's servants telling ours !" And, in spite of Maud's efforts, the conversation kept in this vein during the whole of their walk ; and when they returned to breakfast, Keziah had no appetite, though toe had been out, which distressed her fritsad a good deal. Their walk bad been at so early an hour that the poet did not come till breakfast was nearly over. It brought a letter from Gerald, which ran as follows 44 My Dear Sister, — I never felt so fixed in my life. I don't know whom to be angry with. I would give anything to find someone to kick. Among them they have got Eiworthy to fix the marriage day. And I tell you he'll do it. He'B working himself up till he'Hbe ill— 1 hope he will — before toe day. That would give us time to look around again. What a fool be was : But, there, a heart of Btone might pity him, to see him. Have you no plan to sug gest ? There are so many sides to the question. Mies Beredith herself is a good girl, and so un selfish — iu fact, so true a woman in my opinion. — I feel myself a brute to be planning and scheming what will be such a disaster in her eyes. It ought never to have come about at all. Oh, if people weren't such asses ! I often think that it's all humbug when people talk about having gone in toe dark, and so fallen into trouble. It seems to me there's more light in the world than these fools can beer, so they tout their eyes, and walk like that. I don't know whether you'd better tell her or not. I do wish yon could suggest something, for I firmly believe — and mind yon I'm mot joking — that Eiworthy will make short work of himself, if it comes to it." Whatever was meant by the lest observation, there toe letter ended, unfinished, as if some thing laid interrupted the writer. Maud decided that toe would show toe letter to Keziah. She could not take the responsibility of keeping it from her. Keziah took it all in, and then, without a angle comment upon it, but with A face full of some strong resolve, she said, 44 Come let ne see what we will wear this evening,' and assumed a gaiety of bearing Which struck a cold to her friend's heart Bhe romped and played with Leonard in a manner which -astonished toe child not a little, us hehad come to think her rather dull. She tan races with frhn in the garden, and pelted trim with daisies. On toe whole, Maud thought Kgiyfr was going out of her mmd. At lash when she stopped, flashed from her running, Maud salt to her, 44 1 wouldn't do so if I ware you, Kizzy ; people will think— writ I hardly know what they will think." 44 That I am out of my mind, I suppose," replied Keziah. Do not ha -frightened, Maud. I have bean mad, but | am sum enough now. I have been mad," she repeated. 44 It's quite tm ; but itis gone." Maud doubted it. She hoped within herseH that Kezi&hs; gaiety would Wake another turn before the evening, uad that ehe wuuld not make herself remarraHe at the Dentrigha. Keziah's gaiety did keep up, however, ami she dressed herself with the greatest care, and seemed to be taking pleaanre In. fib. When Mrs. Towers and Mrs. Htckbit wore ushered into toe dr&wingroom; at the Denbigh manor house that evening, the colonel waft lounging in an easy chair near one end. in the enjoyment of all toe privileges of an invafiq. The room, though large, was well filled with guests. Keziah had not expected to see ah many people. Mrs. Denleigh met them, graciously extended toe tips of her fingers, una led them to fof husband— a formality all guests wmttoroogw He, with his eyeglass up, «u3felthft two 0$ 'IVnlished bv special arrangement with Messrs tVard, and Co., publishers. ,ear«; eff by the byteM..Md Ks oU sfcjr her ".to"'; mth; .4 fall ybtoig gentleman, s4#ortie#heW ;;; ftwasWintef fold. "The &lbnelfc; 4pticipjjj'tie direction Keziah's eyes had taken,. jS8fitp discuss the young gentleman With ome and a candour extraordinary from V ririuijeer id a Btrauger. fie had developed a haSit, in the years since he had been an invalid, of talking in the most . familiar way with anygiirt who took his fancy, Just us if he had al wky sknown her, and she knew atlv his affairs. He did this, it must be owned, chiefly to annoy his wife, which was his only relish inlife now, except these same talkswith pretty Btrangers. So he ran on in his usual style, Kozi&h; said nothing hi reply She could not help , noticing that Mrs. Deiddgh was casting annoyed glances in their direction. As for "Winterfola, a short time ago he would have given anything to be talking tothe girl who web how beside him, while at present he cared \- nothing at ail about it. .He had seen Madeline sinoe tnen. So Maud was hut ill-entertained, and looked somewhat bored. "Your friend is not enjoying herself," re marked the colonel. "I will fmdsomonee to amuse her; that Is, Mis. Denleigh shall. There's the oddest little man here — you can't see him now, because he's hidden in that group of tall ladies — well, he's the drollest and oddest, man I ever met with. He has only been here once before, and that was with some young relative of his, who is a friend of my nephew's. He'd make anybody laugh." "Would he?" said Keziah, with failing interest. r He's quite rough in his manners, and alto gether uneducated. It was Allan who would have him invited. Mrs. Denleigh objected, as a matter of oonrse, especially after he had been been bere, and she had seen what he was like. Bat, you see, I had never been so amused for f ears, so I insisted be should be invited again. 'or," he added in a lower tone, " I can't afford to throw away any amusement now. You can have no idea how dull it is here from week's end to week's end. This droll man is quite a godBend. He looks like a fish ont of water in a are68 suit. I do wish these ladies would move tway, so that you could see him. The first tune he came he was destitute of h"s, but now he has too many, and he takes everything an grand shieux. I got him to sit by me, and drew him — slang term, my dear, but you understand. It was wonderfully easy work. He told me all about himself, where he was born, and everything he had done, I should think. Look, you can see him now." Keziah could see him, and recognised her uncle. "Oh," she cried instantaneously, rising from her seat with fury in her face, " you hypocritical, detestable man, how I f.espise you!" He looked astounded. "The gentleman you have been insulting and making game of— for a gentleman he is, what ever his birth or bringing up — just as you are no gentleman, whatever your birth or bringing up — is my uncle ; and I shall go directly ana toll him how you have been making game of him, and we will leave your house together." The coionel stammered out a profuse apology. He was stunned by the idea that this beautif ul girl in the pale pink dress could possibly belong tothe blundering man who had been the un conscious butt of his jokes. AU eyes were drawn to Keziah as she marched across the room to her uncle. She flung her arms around his neck before the whole assembly. "Come away, uncle," she cried, " and never enter this house again. They do nothing hut make game of you, and insult you behind your back." The lady of the house, deadly white, but stern and cold as marble, remarked icily, 4 1 This sort of tiring is to be expected if we invite persons of the class Mr. Rimmon belongs to. I told the colonel so." Maud had come up to Keziah while she spoke. She was aghast at what had occurred. She felt humiliated, in that it was her friend who was making this scene, when another course might have been adopted without loss of dignity, and yet without loss of effect. But however painful she felt her own position to be, she had no thought of not taking Keziah's part ; so she said to Mrs. Denleigh, who was close to her — " Mrs. Hackbit must have had very grave provocation to cause her to lose her self-pos session in this way," and with a bow she passed on after David and Keziah, who were leaving the room. The carriage in which the girls ' had come had not been ordered to return till a late hour, so they started on foot. David was thoroughly frightened. Keziah was alternately hurling epithets at the colonel and caressing her uncle. "I couldn't imagine who it could be he was talking about," she raid, " until all at once he pointed you ont. How aid- you come to know them, uncle ?" " They are friends of Jubal's," replied poor David in trembling tones. " And how is it you are not at Jubal's wed- iing?'' asked Keziah. " J ubal thought it would be best if I were not there." "Jubal! Jubal! It's always Jubal," said Keziah. " Why do you always do what Jnbal asks you r" Maud was silently walking on the other side of Keziah. She felt the situation to be an extremely awkward one, for obvious reasons, and would have given anything if she and Keziah had not gone to that party. What a scandal it would create, she thought ! Keziah was very little troubled about any scandal. She felt that however thingB looked for her, the position of the colonel and hi« family was much worse. They wonldget worse thought of than she would, no doubt. Keziah felt glad she had spoken in the hearing of every one of the party. When they reached - The Chestnuts, ®ad) ' I will go in with mv uncle a short tima, if you dqn'_t mind, Maud." - David would not ask Maud to comein, so she went into her own house,' while Keziah and her ancle were left alone,- . A fire was burning in. the dining-room when they entered, and Keziah sat down on a low chair before it and flung off her cloak, which had been her only covering during that, walk home David sat down on the tails of hiw dress coat, and looked at her with a pained ex pression that half broke her heart. " Oh, micle." she exclaimed desperately, " how hard It is that people like you and me" — she coupled herself definitely with him — " should have such a hard fight with caste." David did not take iu the whole meaning of what she said. He was nnnnr within nun— self, over and over again, as if a tune were running in his head, "They had me there to make game of me." When he did speak to Keziah, he said fXfesb did I, do Ilook yery ridiculous ?" 'J ! Idific that# htfoeSt) aiid 1 I te'k honertlyy and tb expect fair dealing? 1 shlt JOU looked, br ever look. " I Afraid you are mistaken, Kizzy," said , 3 hfcrTlnCle ; and he shookhi«' head to rn side to side sadly. 4«Y never had a headpiece' I "It wants a hea<lp;.efee, as yen said," replied 1 j Keziah, " to tell alt the lies required of you by 1 society, and to sift out the small portion of truth that comes in the lies they tell you. Tbey appear to me to be asking questions they never mean you to answer, give you invitations they nevr mean you to accept, smile at you when they Are ever so angry, and look serious when they're laughing at you. That's what I think society is." David looked uneasy. "Don't you think, Kizzy," he said, hesitatingly, "that it might have been just a little better to have come away, and never gone there any more, without having said what you did ?" "Perhaps, it would," Keziah admitted. " But I never did, and never shall, I suppose, think of the right thing at the right moment. But I want to ask you about Jubal. How was it you consented to let him marry so soon ? Has he done much in the business to justify his marrying?" " I don't want to be hard on Jubal," said his uncle. " I thought it would have been different. I think no man can be a good manu facturer who has not worked up from the beginning, so as to understand every part." 44 And Jubal has not done so ?" " No ; I fear he has become rather wild. He had been so harshly treated at home that I did not like, to treat.him harshly too. I have been trying kindness." Keziali couldn't help smiling at the idea of David treating anybody harshly. " When are they coming here P' "Not tor along time. They are going to France and Italy. It's a very quiet; wedding," west on David, meditatively; "nobody is in vited, I believe. " " Butnow, uncle David, I want to ask you to do me a favour. If I want to go somewhere all in a hurry, will yon go with me ? Will you manage it somehow ?" " You know I will do anything for you.'' "Then I shall count on you," said Keziah, rising. Before Keziah had got out of the house, the old tune was ringing in his head, to the exclusion of all else —" They had me there to make game of me.'» It may, perhaps be imagined by some, that the party Keziah and her friends quitted in such a manner was left in a state of confusion and bewilderment. By no means. The doors once closed, the men smiled, the women shrugged their shoulders slightly, and all went on as if nothing had occurred. A girl who had, so it appeared, risen from the lower classes, had acted very rudely, that was all. It would be a lesson not to mix with that class of persons. CHAPTER LVIIL— Joshua's Joke. " Before Hackbit died," Mr. Rimpler observed to Mr. Rimmon, one day when they were alone together, " he had almost resolved, I believe, to found a family, and if he had kept away from drink, he could have done it. Now, you don't drink." " No, I don't drink," echoed Joshua, looking in an expressionless way at Rimpler, and wondering what he was driving at. " Well, don't you know by this time," went on Mr. Rimpler, "that money can do any mortal thing? Some fools accumulate their money till they're up to the neck in it; and they die, and it all goes to some one else. My theory is, the man's a too) whojloes that. Let me have enough money at my hack to last me out as many years as I can live, and I'll answer tor it, the day I die shall see the last half penny spent, if it had to be for a soft pillow, bought at the last moment, to die on. Now, you can form a fair estimate of how long you've to live ; and you know, and I know, that you could live like a lord for the remainder of yonr days. Gold attracts gold as surely as a magnet does a needle. Without any hnmbug, you're a very rich man. Then why not live like one, and enjoy yourself? And," said he, with a Bmfle with a good deal of fun in it, "you can build a chapel if you like ; that will keep up appearances. They'll make you a magistrate, and return you to Parliament yet." Joshua smiled with pleasure, as these visions of his own greatness and importance were shown to him. " What do you advise me to do ?" he said. " I like your chapel idea," And inwardly he thought that he would be making amends, if he built a chapel with his ill-gotten gains. Then it occurred to him that it seemed an awful thing to be putting that money to such a purpose ; and the thought was so strong upon him after it had once come into his mind, thai; he couldn't help saying something about it to Rimpler. " Do you think such a thing might bring a curse with it ?" " As to that," remarked Rimpler, with a dry langh, " it's a sort of thing I don't consider, in any way. But if you do, you can put the speculation money to that use, instead of the other." " It doesn't really seem," Mr. Rimmon said solemnly, "as if God were angry with me, after all, or else how is it all my speculations have succeeded ibo well? Look at the times I have doubled the money 1 have put in, at a " Now's the time to drop speculating," re joined Rimpler, ignoring the former part of the sentence. " Leave off with your pocket fall, or you may find your fortune change all of a sadden, and then where are you." " Well," returned Mr. Rimmon, " it shall be out of the speculation, money, I'll build the grandest chapel in the Connexion, mid we'll arrange about buying the ground at once. I should like o buy that piece of ground oppo site to the ehuzch, so that my chapel shall stare that put of countenance." . . " You can get it, no doubt," said Rimpler. " You see you can offer anything you like for it." " I will make inquiries about it at once." " But that is the minor , concern after all," resumed-Rimpler. "You must build yourself a house; a mansLou, sir, a mansion." Mr. Rimmon started in amazement. " Yes, why not," said Rimpier " in the very hqsrt of the neighbourhood you were born in." Mr. Rimmon had never thought of this. - "If Ibnilda house," went on Mr. Rimmon grandly, rising to the occasion, "it shall be sncn a honse as there's not tor miles round. -I have in jny mind's eye a picture of what it should be." "If sheen bniltnp pretty quick then," said Rimpler. " Whaf s it like ?" "I went on business when I was a young man," replied Mr. Rimmon, as if imparting a valuable piece of information, "to a gentle man's country-seat; and I eat in the hall waiting, ever so long." " Dear me," remarked Mr. Rimpler, "what a privilege!" Mr. Rimmon, with his eyes fixed on the dis tant picture, continued, "The h≪ was panelled in wood, and was covered with all sorts of mottoes; and they shall all be in foreign languages, like those were,'' «Haw verir elevating," paid Mt, Ampler, mottoes?" ''1 ri - 44 No, thank you," responded Mr. Rimmon Solemnly.. 44 1 shall .choose them out of the dictionary. There are. plenty.of them At tM lend of v the dictionary. And sOme of them must be done In foreign letters., , Those were. 1 I couldn t read one of them. I asked a footman wbat tbey were ; and he said they were Greek and German." Mr. Rimpler burst into a Lugh. "Do yon mean to set up for a scholar, as Well as a grandee? You'd better copy all jour mottoes into a pocket book, and learn them off, or else you'll get stumped when someone asks you what they are are." 44 We will go up to London, Rimpler, and buy the furniture. I shall buy the best there is" to be had, and give the best price." " Before the house is built?" Mr. Rimmon deigned to give no reply, but went on, Let as get this thing done quickly, Rimpler ; I should like to feel what it's like before I die. Hackbit should have been quicker." „ - " Well, m'm," remarked Sarah to her mis tress, about 11 o'clock one May morning, ton ing her hot face with her apron, " this is . what I call something like. It's worth while clean up when everything's to look so spruce and new. I'm sure that old furniture wasn't worth the beeswaxing. The more it shined, the uglier it seemed to look; and it seemed to give it a brassy look, as if it would make you look at it, when it was shining like a looking-glass ; and just to think of it -all going to a auction, just. as I'd beeswaxed it, for all them dealers to mess and maul. And I'm sure this furniture looks most beautiful — leastways I never saw nothing like it." Mrs. Rimmon heartily coincided in these re marks, for the.furniture was of the newest and most fashionable. From the time Rimpler had fired his brain, by picturing to him what his money, could do for him, Joshua bad. been plunging and snorting in the harness of a dingy house, dingy furniture, and a shabby wife. The latter he consequently took especial pleasure in snubbing and frightening. To this end he. went down to the auction -rooms in Jumley and ordered the men to fetch away his furniture on a certain day, without warning his wife, having previously, been to London and made purchases, which were to arrive on the day of removal, at a late hour. So it fell out that Mrs. Rimmou was in the act of laboriously darning a hole at the corner of one of the horsehair chairs, when Sarah an nounced in appalling accents that a lot of men had 44 come for the furniture," they said. " What furniture ?" asked Mrs. Rimmon. One of the men, after the manner of the Black Country, had followed the maid, and now advancing, said — " We've horders to move he very thing." "There must be some mistake," Mrs. Rim mon replied, in her own mind dreading leBt fay some unaccountable means they had been sud denly ruined. The man pushed a paper towards her. " This is the horder," he said. Mrs. - Rimmon could not read, but she knew her husband's writing. " But can't you wait till he comes home ?" inquired Mrs. Rimmon. " Hour horders hare to move the things. Come hon, mates," he added ; " the sale's to come hoff at 1 o'clock, and rot a gimcrack of hall this can be catalogued. It'll have to be sold at the lag end. Plenty o' worms in this, ain't there, mum ?" he added, pointing to a mark in the table. Mrs. Rimmon made no reply, but stared helplessly, as the men began to remove the goods. She and Sarah followed them from one apartment to another mechanically, and saw one thing after another carried out/ The stair carpets were up, and rolled, and then the men went upstairs, followed by Sarah and Mrs. Rimmon. Toe first room they entered was that which had been Jubal's. " You can chuck that rubbish through the window, and some one can catch it," observed one of the men, eyeing the things satirically ; "or, stop, you can put it all in your trouser pocket." He then produced a set f bed keys, and com menced to take to pieces the bed on which Jubal had passed many a sleepless night. That room was soon finished off, so was Keziah's. In Sarah's the three men stood and laughed at the box which did duty for a wash- stand and dressing-table, in consequence of Mr. Rimmon having refused to supply any proper accommodation of that sort. The last room they entered was the spare bed room. The bedstead in this room was of a ponderous description, and required a consider able amount of taking down. It happened that the first two waggons passed down the High street of Jumley before this was completed. As they passed with their freight, Miss Dorcas Rimmon was in the act of displaying her latest millinery triumph in her window ; and she, hearing a considerable rumble, looked out just as they were passing. Her astonishment may be imagined. J oshna's furniture could not be mistaken. What could this mwan ?" In wild state of a'arm Miss Dorcas sallied forth, in a space of time so small that it did her great credit. Portions of the ponderous bed stead were being carried downstairs when she put in an appearance at the honse of Rimmon. She had previously looked through the windows from the outside — an easv matter in their sent bare state. " Ann," she cried, at the top of her parrot like voice, "where are you? Come directly and tell me what it all means." ' The men who were carrying the portions of bedstead downstairs appeared to be much amused. Wbat sim said could have very little in it to provoke merriment ; it most have been the tone. Miss. Rimmon was in the spare bedroom ; and the way was blocked by other massive portions of bedstead. She made her -way, however, past the men, and Bhowed herself on the other side of the barrier of goods. \- « What's the meaning of this, Ann?" asked Miss Dorcas from the other side of the harrier. « Dm sure I know nothing about it," replied Mrs. Rimmon, beginning to cry. « I suppose it a Joshua's doings." " Perhaps he's agoin' to Hostralia sug gested one of the mem This suggestion threw poor Mrs. Rimmon into- such a paroxysm of terror that she was speechless. Besides, it appeared really to be a most natural outcome of the seUing-off of everything, even the beds m: ?orca3» who was pretty pfhwselfagamBt sudden fear, oould not man' 8 suggestion. _ It flashed into her mind that he might he about todepart in disgrace, due in some way to those lost papers she had had to do Sr nef ffS- nasUally sUenfc while the remainder of the things were removed. At length thehoroeTOe , horn of everything ex- oept thehng uteneUe, whioh the men said Zft J"Sutte? ? border, likewise the fatehen table and ohara," the former of which they deolaxed gratis would ' perhaps .,<1 an hold hiron, the latter es firewood And .h«i gemeu Ud finally departed sSShto Jdnd of desperation, produced potatoes, and rfKfo lE? tee«1gelJ'I)orcaB said to her Bister m law jn th« ton« of executioner, «« you're ruined! It's his vfllany. Itis all along ©' that. Audi belwvo thatsiiake in tho crass, Rimpler, is at- the bottom of it He was Mr. Rimmon cast frightened; glances at Saraha who catting away attiie potatoes, to the great sacrifice of the eatable portions Sarah observed the look. " Don't mind me, missis, aaid the faithful girl. If I hadn't known how to keep my mouth shut, I should never ha' been herenow. >» Then keep your mouth shut, as you're so much practised in it," saidDoroas. "Thank you, miss, and the same to you, retorted Sarah, with a comical dignity, curtsy ing, knife and potato in hand, " though you mayn't be as practised in it as me, or master's affairs mightn't be as public as they seem to be." "Where is Joshua?" inquired Dorcas of her sistsr'iii'l&w; " I don't know. I never do know," replied Mrs. Rimmon. " I wish he'd come home now. I haven't wished that this many a day." Mrs. Rimmon in her trouble forgot herself so far as to make this latter remark, and was soon made aware of the fact. " lou're a pattern wife, you are, to say that," Miss Dorcas began. " You ought to be ashamed of yourself — and before the servant too. If you'd been a better wife, it might never have come to this." "I'm sure I've done my best," said Mrs. Rimmon; "and it does seem hard to be dragged off to Australia to fend my days in a foreign land, that it does. I did think to lay my bones where I've been born and bred. I'm sore they'd never rest in foreign earth, with foreign flowers a-growin' on it, and foreign feet a treadin' over it." . "Don't you alarm yourself,'' replied Mi68 Dorcas spitefully. "If Joshua is going, as I think he is, it's more, than likely he'6 on the way. Do you think he'd want to take a thing like you with him ?" Mrs. Rimmon looked as if all this coming suddenly upon her would prove too much for her feeble brain. But the faithful Sarah answered Miss Dorcas for her. "Don't you trouble yourself to make more harm than there is," she said. " If so be that the missis is left, which I don't believe because you say it, she wont be a-wantin' for a home, because I've got hands. I haven't stood by her all these years, to go away at the last wh»n she wants me the worBe." And she pushed the pot of potatoes on to the fire, and then asked, in a tone anything hut cordial, if Miss Dorcas were going to stay to dinner, "because she said, " there's nothing but bacon, and it isn't very lean." " I'm going to stay to see my brother, if he comes," she replied ; " and I don't want any dinner.'' "There'll be all the more left for them as do, then," said Sarah, angrily unhanging a portion of bacon from the ceiling, and cutting savagely into it. Mrs. Rimmon sat in silence, and watched her fry the bacon and steam the potatoes, and sighed deeply from time to time. But, though Sarah put the meal as temptingly as she could before her mistress, she could eat nothing ; she was much too WTetched for that. Finding Mrs. Rimmon could not touch her dinner, Sarah made some tea for her, and went to the hens' nest and got a new- laid egg and boiled it. But this was equally unsuccessful. If Mrs. Rimmon would not eat, at the least poor puss must have her dinner ; so Sarah called her. But puss, who usually came so readily, did not put in an appearance. " Where can the cat be? Oh, save us all," cried Sarah, as if suddenly recollecting some thing, " if those men haven't been and took the old cupboard as stood in the passage out there, and the old cat was in it, and her new kittens. I'll go down to that sale-room directly. Poor thing !" And she put on her bonnet and shawl, ana rushed off, pinning the shawl as she went. When Sarah was gone, Miss Dorcas in formed Mrs. Rimmon that those papers Joshua had lost were at the bottom of this, and managed to make her arrive at the very verge of insanity by the horrors she depicted as the outcome of it all. It was abont 3 o'clock when Sarah returned in possession of the poor cat and three kittens. "Them men were brutes, and I told 'em so," she hroke out. " They was a settin of her up for auction, they was, and 'er a spittin' like mad. Poor pussy," she added, stroking the adventurer. Half-past tour is the usual Black Country tea-time; and at that hour tea was ready. Miss Dorcas had sat on, tor in her own mind she believed Joshua would turn up ; and she w« not destined to be disappointed. That gentleman did turn up, just at that time ; and his features did relax into a Bmile at right of the desolate picture that met his eyes as he entered by the back way. ' Oh, Joshua, Joshua !" cried Mrs. Rimmon, rising from her seat, " why didn't you tell me that we were ruined ?" " Yon bestir yourselves, and help these men to bring in these things," was the reply. The words were meaningless till Mrs. Rimmon 8&w; with h6i own oyos p&ckBgos; passing the window, unmistakaby furniture. "Oh, missis," exclaimed Sarah, clapping her hands, " it s such a beautiful shape, and we're going to new furnish it and she set to work with a will, to render all the assistance in her power, wnue ner mistress, not less appalled by the arrival of the new furniture than she had been by the departure of the old, stood where she was and watched the men strugglein under their heavy weights. "They're not Jumley men at all" sa?d Sarah, explanatorily ; " they've come from London, and they're coin' to put the carpets down as-they've brought." Miss Dorcas roused herself to say, in astatelv T£_n<'- 1 through it all the time, Ann." After this speech she said she should just go home now, mid come up to mm row to see how thmgs looked, when they were a bit straight. ' By the midnight the house of Rimmon had undergone a veritable transformation. The household did not, however, retire to rest till much later ; there was too much to admire Mr. Runmon was actually on tolerably friendlv terms with his wife, except for an occasional Hehad had his j oke, and it had sup- rewted admirably; and he had not explained it « JefoDext day was over, Mr. Rimmon actually forgot himself so tor as to enHsfaton Ins wife on the subject of the proBpoSive palatial; residence : and it would befiifficultto aecide which pleased her most— the Idea of the or fact that her ford had actually volunteered the information. CHAPTER LIX.—- THE PAINS OF Freedom. Afterher mother's death and burial, Made- tote retotned to Mr. Saltrings wifcouHmy resiste&ce; on her father's part. It was agreed herself that she s£3Si 55?! from those who had be- friended her in her sore need. Moreover Uunr determined not to be precipitate in letting the events wmch had occurred heeom« them. Besides the family I admitted into confidence, namely, Towers ; and that came about this way. Mr. Rockingham had resolved to make in. quiries asto the places Pelbois had visited when ce had come to Langton ; and fortune so f« favoured him that it was of Jady W&ddv; he chanoed to inquire first. . Early in the morniog after his return from Manchester, he looked first on the church steps tor Jody, who was indeed there, smoking k£ little dirty pipe. He touched his hat as the clergyman approached, and then waited to;- Rockingham to address him. "Have you seen a strange, foreign-looW gentleman about here anywhere ?" Mr. Pock- ingh&m; asked. ' 4 An' if I haven't," responded Jody, solemnly looking upwards, " may the Lord " It's not worth swearing about, Jody," pui in the clergyman. " It's a plain question, ad requires only a plain answer." 44 Well, then," resumed Jody, in a tone which implied that he was quite ready to giye the plain answer required, but that he perhaps toox the word in a wrong sense, " he wor darnedest tongue " 9 " That isn't quite what I meant/' explained Mi1. Rockingham. " Do you happen to know whom he came to see ?" " It might ha' been me," replied Jody shaking his shaggy head, " by the way as he called me ' my friend,' when he ought to ha knowed, too, as I'd rather be friends with a polecat, or my missis yonder, than im. I>e never been well sin' he wor here, aul I'm feared as he wished me iiL" 44 Well, well," said Mr. Rockingham, grow ing impatient under this tirade, for he it it gUre he referred to Pelbois, as in a place like Langton a foreigner was so rare a visitor 44 What was he like r" 44 1 don't know," answered Jody. I couldn't" abide to look at 'im. He looked black enough I know that : &u;' he pulled a hat over his face he did, an he asked me to show 'im the way to Doctor Towers's, an' then had the face to grumble at the road. An', O Lord, dcu't I wish I had the burying of 'im ; he wcr the aggr&vatinest; furriuer ' Jody, to his utter surprise, found himself left at this point by the clergyman. He looked after him as he disappeared down the read, with a fixed eye of disapproval. 44 Oh !" he exclaimed, 44 1 thought he wanted to know about it, but it's like 'em ali- th-v all leave me to talk to the ghosteses. I ain't sure the ghosteses ain't better to talk to ; they don't snap a man's nose off in a-auswerin of 'era, the ghosteses don't. Old Betty might, but she ain't a right and proper ghost, to my mind, ..a' she couldn't walk for a good while afore she died, so I don't suppose 'er ghost can walk." Aud the old man tidied his dirty pipe again. If was a habit of his :o haul about a spade . as another man might have done a stick, as a mark of office. He had got his spade now. He only knew one song, and that wa- appro- priatetohis office; aud between his p t'ts he sang it now, though he hadn't the faintest notion of keeping in tune, and had consid rably mutilated the words, in years of repetition. The refrain he liked best was — 44 I've buried 'em deep, and my duty I've «i : and one line, referring to the numb-r? the gravedigger of the song had b lined, always brought to his face an individual smirk. Once in singing this song at the Bull's Head, when a little the worse for drink, he had remarked to one of his companions — no, not compia: ions, for he had none — but to one of those seated beside the same fire with himself at that time, " If there' d only come a pestilence, as they talk of in the church, an' I could ave the buryin of 'em, I believe I wouldn't mind dyia at the end of it myself. When I know as I've buried more than any other sexton, my duty I'll have done.' Mr. Rockingham was far out of reach of the song, for rapid strides bad carried him to the corner house, inhabited by the doctor and his family. Doctor Towers had always had a friendly feeling for Mr. Rockingham, because he had never taken advantage of his priesthood to inquire into private affairs, so he was always welcome when he called. The tiny sittingroom was empty when Mr. Rockingham entered it, and sat down on one of the chintz- covered chairs, and looked down the street through the small window. The doctor was just starting out on his first round, but he came at once to Mr. Rocking ham. 44 You are just goingout, I fear," he began, 44 and what 1 have come about cannot be put in a nutshell Had I not better walk with you ?»' 44 If you don't mind,'' said the doctor, 4 1 should be very glad if you would, as there are some patients I ought to see early. There's a good deal of sickness about. " The clergyman took his hat and put it on, &6 the sign that he was ready, and he and the doctor passed out of the door, and had soon left the straggling village behind. 44 1 hope you will not think," began the clergyman, with some diffidence, 44 that what I am going to say is undue interference with your affairs. It you will have the patience to hear me, you will see that at any rate I am as deeply implicated as any one can be in the affair of which I am going to speak, and ray only motive is to liberate you, if possible, from what must be, if my surmises are correct, a most bitter bond. A man who has caused mt the bitterest trouble my life has known is. 1 find, also connected with your house." The doctor's great chest heaved, and hif piercing eyes caught all the expression cf tht clergyman's fooe as bespoke. 44 The- name of your married 6ister ii thf sune as that of the man I have alluded to. 2 have traced the man to your house." The doctor's face became very pale. 44 Will you tell me in the same friendlv spirit in which I ask, if that man ever professed to many your sister?" 44 He did many her," replied the doctor, hoarsely. 44 Can yon give me lbs date 44 It was February, 18 — 44 You are sure of that?" 44 1 have reason enough to be sure. 44 Then," said the clergvman, ' I am, indeed a messenger of good to you," 44 How con you be ?" " He is not your sister's husband." 44 Explain yourself." "He aimed my sister before that dote. The doctor stood still in the road, Tfafl clergyman also stopped. The two men looked Qacu. other, a new. in each face. Whata bond there, is in s common sorro'vl That interchanged look made these two nto brothers. "Strange, passing strange!" said Towers How can I reioioe in your presence ; I M as if you had taken my plaoe in a prison- ce 'I. All the rest is small," he thinking of lit sister, 44 compared with her bearing hia narit and being his wife. That be hod betrayed ruinediher, seems nothing to it. At least sh« is still mine, and need never trouble herseil about him again." 44 How you must have suffered," responded the clergyman 'sadly, 44 to have learnt your lesson so well ! I too have had to learn thai the case hi less wretched when a beloved one is cheated and ruined by a bad than when ha has the rifiht to call her his property) and ted F rr aame. and none ere abte to Mp or paying him to leave to you what: his to . it ri ore»ad I have been amesMnger after alt" v , ri have indeed ; you removed the \ Saw that covered our house. Death removed ? . wmi have removed fee other. If things iX'this happen to me, I shall believe there is ru/i of mercy after all." rSlftclenrynian did not begin, as some very Lnttff curates would have done, to attempt to this man of science fee existence of a of mercy. Mr. Rockingham confined his Wchinz to the pulpit; moreover, he was SSSiffhted enough to see that Dr. Towers wai a lesion from a Greater Teacher at feat 2!St, for he had given one little glance up- E«3 and his eyes were swimming wife tears. ,£hev talked on a little farther, and fee said, " You have been so very k'nd to made yourself so dose a friend by what J have done, that it cannot be wrong an me to Jk you if vour sister is beyond fee reach of that She--5 beyond the reafe of featman, beyond ihe reach of everyone. Man could not free her, L> did it ; " aud he added, as if determined to he thoroughly frank with this man, whom he had respected alt atong, and now felt a strong potion for, by reason of their common silent My sister had a daughter. She is wife me. So God has not left me entirely desolate." \- "jhe doctor looked inquirmgly. <i y0u must guess it already. Madeline is bit niece, but I ao not wish it to be known at present. I must break it carefully to my family. I would not have Madeline suffer in- luetica at their hands. She must not go to them or be known to them unless in her right- fill position." .>' Pride h a hard dictator at times." re marked Br. Towers, wife a sigh. " " Thai is true,'" replied fee vicar, " and my family I have found as hard as ever, even when f took my poor darling's remains to their testing- place iu the family vault. Bat I have \ plan in my head that shall right Madeline, "tod until t her. she shall remain at Mrs. Salt- tine's as he tore, which she is very willing to do?' More mirrht hare been said, but the doctor's time was oi importance, and they were at fee gate of the house he was to visit first. Dr. Towers was so light hearted when he entered his patient's room, so veiy chatty, that the verv eight of him produced a good bffect ; and when he had left that house and .Vss on co more in a country lane, he found himself un wonted ly singing. So does Budden freedom from a long-borne aud terrible burden bring to the physically strong a renewed vigour Df spirit which is rejuvenescence. Towers saw before hira in the lane two or three little boys, truants from school, throwing stones at a tin 'tun on a ga'.e-pnst. He remembered bo well the days whoa "shying" at an object had been li's idea cf bliss, especially in school hoars, that he sympathised with fee little scape graces. aud stood still to watch their success and applaud, and finally he distributed half- jjenco among the young rascals, who doubtless deserved a whipping instead. He went on his w&y; with such & light tread and such. a singing heart, that he could hardly recognise himself. His beg lane had had a turning, and had led him uuo rich meadows, ease and plenty. A miracle had been performed. Happiness would j be restored to his home, and he could make it a home now. There would be no drag upon his purse. And everything smiled around him and within him, a sadden check, from whence he c> ; d not have told, put a momentary stop to his i.'iiriuia of happiness, and a feeling of than?? crept over him. Why had he believed hims.'li 'T j i- forsaken, when all the time this God wo? caring for him and providing a means pf escape r An overwhelming feeling of humility t >ok possession of him; his whole b&ture; thawed, aud hidden away as he was |rom mortal ga/c. he wept aloud. This was Succeeded by a happier frame than ever, though not quite so overflowing, and he harried on to hts n-.-it patient, and through all his morning's round, as if work were no work. Then when at Ust be was at liberty to return home to his usual e?.rly dinner, he made some purchases of special iuinties in the village, out of their reach i IlO r;o, and sent them on before him to herald iLu approach of better fortune. , hliss Towers took in the basket herself when it arrived, and called her sister's attentiou to it. " Win i can bo the meaning of his spending Rll this :u ineyr" said Madame Felbois, as we shall c n-.ie to call her. " These things must D? s f vnnsive. It's so early in the season." ' I n-'.i you what it tej" said Amy, putting lier - h- Vie together tightly, " we are some- hi in luck." -.cob so, indeed," said Dr. Towers, cam:: - ., n them. " We shall be hereafter as other peaceful and unmolested. Isn't tart something r" \- The two poor indies looked almost ecared. What could th<»y think? He took each by an arm ami !ed them into fee little sitting-room, and the uocr. "ouiV he said, "I declare fox the first tune this room does seem to be horribly smell ata in convenient." His listers dared not speak. They were almost atraid of this mood oi h««. The doctor JMa only amused by the fear in their faces, Jurt tintalisingly went on, holding bad news Ti'Ar6'"0 kwfo above their heads. i 1 >> hat do you say to the gabled white house. Amy r" ' „ ' gabled white house I Mr. Richard- ten's bouse?" \ k,ot Richardson's now," s&id; the floctor, hi8 face smiling all over. "Don't you tuink it would suit us?" ' ' by do you talk of such things," answered 4>ouisa dcprecatingly, " when you know they , - quite out of our reafe ?' i a y u ' our rear- timy were," replied the nf ' 80 lon 43 oth®r people spent our niouey for us ; but not ao if oar income were Our own. \ye have never been short of inoome, Put others hare spent it for us ; feat has been it, ud that is all ended." " rui?6 18 exclaimed Madame Pelbois with a gasp. " Then he is dead - y to T©e» my Louisa, for everend ever." Jv e doctor, taking her face, Bo fein and tworn, between his two l&igohande.; "He J®4 yoti. He is to yon asif to tod never ft? ou have had a bad dream, toot w all. f:® f has ever been," to went on, look- jog with glowing eyes at fee pole face to held. ' r u'r !?U3t believe feat." 4.- 7 - U8 what you have heard, at onoe," fsteu Amy. " You have heard something; V; w meaoiog of it all." to ve'" < ih© doctor, <4 thereienofeing kiiif 1 Douie is your own, very own JIS!81! Ju,st if fe© had never gone a&y; ; no |®e7 has any right over tor. There u no Lteore to tell than that. He haB been a villain Louie ; but it is all over. Bta lias no tm?v»ver yu ' he never tod. He dare not " us grin He was a married man at P© very time He did not finish his een- feovr not u wu " doctor had not made allowance Phyrioal and mental dreSSS£?5& women who ait at horae nu? mSE? happier man go forth to work. to not fee. power left in them fofe Wh«n beneath their 1- the doctor saw fee oold and apa th« \pt a depression for bn hte 6ep ¥ that which hal years until feat morning. t0 himSE whether The news he had heard was true, whether he had been too hasty; whether, in fart, themkoubb was over; and to felt feat notiang could remove thte torture of mind but some positive Proof- So wife a kind of prophetic 3KT1 ' x® i fiiBter®» "4 You don't re- ahreit. I will fetch you proof;' and went out. A« to spoke fee words they were echoed back to bun as if some one else bad spoken them ; and a great courage welled up wifein him. He wss&otgoiDg; to seek proof; he was going to fetch it; and naturally enough his feet took turn into fee vicarage. He was not long there; and when he came out wife, it anything, a more buoyant look on his face than be bad worn in fee morning, our worthy sexton accosted him with— !1 5" a fever broke out» Dootor Towers ?" ' N?' I tuow of," answered ttodoctor, not wishing to be interrupted. lm," said Jody, disconsolately, "I thought feete wor; you look so jolly glad. And, he added, explanatorily, "other folk's trouble's yoare and my blessin', ain't it, doctor ? Folks die so we can live, don't they?" " I don't get my living by killing people," responded fee doctor snappishly, and Walked on, wife his hand pressed against his side, where his pocket was, as if he had a pain in it. He banged open his door, to fee serious damage of the lock. But what of that ? He would not be there long, he knew. He found the letters where he had left them. " If you want proof," he said, " look here." It was a bonu-Jidc copy of a marriage certificate. " It's true, Louisa.1' said. Amy. " You were never married to him at all;" and she began to feel something of her brother's gaiety of spirit. "Where is your womanhood, Amy," cried Madame Pelbois bitterly, " feat you triumph in my disgrace ? If I am not his wife, what am I ? A disgraced being, fit only to creep to a corner, ana hide, and die." "Why should you die, because you have been deceived ?" replied her brother. " After all, is not anything better than to know your self the property of feat man !" "At the cost of being no longer an honest woman," rejoined Louisa, wife bitter ironv. " I am to have my freedom from him at that price." " Look here," said the doctor, striking the table wife his heavy fist till it shook. "Let me hear none of that society cant about honest women. Is society your God to judge you ? I believe," he went on, with an energy feat caused the little room to vibrate, " that all this world's judgments will be reversed in another. There can be no disgrace where there iB no sin." " But I live in fee world, and what will the world call me when they get to know ?" " Can it matter what fee world calls you, when it called fee greatest and purest being feat ever lived, blasphemer? Hold up your head, and do not fear. Give fee lie to any word, by your look. Integrity is stronger than slander, and silent tenth invulnerable against busy lies. I promise you, you shall have no tine to dwell on this; yon shall be up and doing. I mean to take the white house I spoke of : not to leave you in it all day when Fm away, though. I shall do what Mr. Baltring long ago recommended ; I shall have a carriage, and you shall go out with me : and you can't think about everything all at once." Louisa only looked more melancholy at all this, said to cheer her. She would have to learn like a child how not to be miserable ; and it threatened to be aB hard a lesson as any fee had ever had to learn. The doctor, however, was sanguine. Nothing seemed to check fee saddeu flow of his spirits since he had had fee proof. And before long fee white house scheme was carried into execution, much to the general satis faction of the Langtonians, who looked upon fee doctor as their property, and his respecta bility as in some way or other reflected upon feem. rii BE- CONTINUED. During fee proceedings of the Methodist Conference at Washington, President Harrison appeared at the door, and was greeted with applause. The audience rose as fee president ascended the platform. In an address, which lasted 15 minutes, he ex pressed his respect and esteem for . fee dele gates and fee great body of Christian men and women which they represented. He said feat every conference -was a dis tinct step not only in the direction of the unification of the church, bat of humanity. As the theme of the day was " international arbitration," the President thought his presence was especially appro priate. He was going in the afternoon to visit the gun foundry at fee Navy Yard.. For himself, temporarily ocoupying a high place# and much more for fee reat body of citizens, he expressed the desire of America for peace throughput the whole world but as fee deyil was still, unchained, .fee gun factory w&a; a neoessity. Sir J uliaa. Paimce- fote was introduced to the conference, but mads no address. 