ASPECTS OP THE " SHEAIU 1 I ING ' QUESTION, to thp. editor op thp. daii.t telegraph Sir,— The accounts which you are gtaphi- cully publishing from day to day of th. proceedings of shearers, military, p'olicj anj" pastoralists in the colony of Queensland oair leqnirc to be supplemented by some sketches from a special artist to demonstrate raoit forcibly that civil and guerilla warfare a raging near onr own borders. Much as such; state of affairs is to be regretted aud deplored its lessons should not be lost upon our or.a Government, who in their bunds posses; ibe simple means of suppressing the first attempt at insurrection that may occur here— lit -r,'. venting "eamp3 " in the country district's. ' l thrt nt fiimnncl.o.i t.-.i ..vcu.tt.iuu ij.iu promptly enforced the proclamation issued lo unionist! and those acting in conjunction with them » should not to-day be thu spectators of what is talcing piace. It is an old saving that "when things are at the worst "they aoootimli mend but it is only in the pres-nt instance by firmness and scrcritv that a change for the better may be at ail "attaiucd. Ihe disturbances which began in a strike have now entiiaiy changed their aspect and become a rebellion against the lawtul authoritv of s .peaceful state. Indeed the so-called "dispat." between pastoralists and shearers is prac.icailv uo factor in the present series of events. 'Ihrr's is very little or 110 shearing available for th= Queenslaud uuionists if they dispersed to- mor row. Why, then, should they be permitted to occupy positions which can only bo interpret into that of a standing menace ? Eire and sword iu any Australasian colony are spectad", that can only injure its credit, its commerce, in resources and people, besides putting hack the hands oi the clock of progrc.-s to man; years to come. Let us then he warned in time aud prevent, in the iuterem of prosperity ana public safety, any repetition in New cjouth Wales or what is going ocsc close at hand. Even if, like foreign countri?: we have to adopt tho passport system, lot in keep outside our frontiers dangerous or no. desirable men, whose osteusibic minion may Ij peace aud real object war. We can stop objtc- lionable goods, why not objectionahlc person:! Not long since a great outcry was raised adair.:; Chinese. It is none of my purpose to cbainpiu them in any way, but one thing is ceria'u:- whatever may be urged against them, they on not socialists nor lawless citizens of Auatnln. Had tbej behaved 113 the unionists nave dot! in Queensland, they would have been very dif. feteutlj treated and handled all round. There needs no ghost come from the grave lo tell a- that there are greater dangers ready to colt into our midst than tbe much despised, k; industrious and daily decreasing Chinese.-. lours, arc., FAIR I'LAV, April i!0. 