JSOCIAL GOSSIP. [By a Lady Correspondent. ] London, .July 2. How quickly the season rushes by. Here is July, Ascot over, State entertainments nearly got through, Academy soiree over, 'Varsity match at- Lord's over, Henley and Etcn and Harrow match close at hand, and then the general exodus once more. To be sure the visit of the German Emi>eror will galvanize July into gaiety this year, and, it may be hoped, bring to a triumphant and unhoped-for close the " dullest season on record ;" but up to now my prophecies of three or four months back as to the probable gloominess of the year's social prospects have been fullv justified. It is as was feared—the baccarat scandal has ruined the season of 1S91. I will not irair to it, however, feeling rather like the Irishman an his trial for dealing a quadrant, who. on being asked what he had to say in his own defence, replied," " Well, yer Honor, 'tis a bad busine-* and the less we say about it the letter." I'leasanter to turn and chronicle that ^rcat triennial musical event oi" the Handel Festival, which c-nch time of recurrence w?eiiia to »ru»' l)i"re perfect in detail, more impressive in general eff< c t. The passiou for. Haml.l's IIUMI; is a pait of < ur national character; nor, a? far jay I know, is it sharsd by anr other country. I 'lie ( • enjiaris, albeit appreciating Hind;;!. IIM certainly hesitate Ix-fore organizing a J :festi-.::l (in melj .a Titanic scale in his prelum - , ! imnrin-; and irusic lovers of nth'r iinti'd-. While admitting his greatness, ate ajit to avow they find him dull. There may l>9 a grain of truth in the acciuatiou. bit in • the music-loving part of tho ]v>gii.>ii . people he never seems to pall; tV . appreciation of his music among- tn i is, m truth, an inherited tradition, and it is only to be wished that our reverence tor Handel had more largely leavened and inspired our own musical creations; for of a truth he is a noble model to follow : a little restrained, a little oblivious of some sides of emotion aud of passion, of those subtler shades of feeling which are expressed for us by other composers. But how stately, how spacious, how sane! How akin to the sunlight, the wide sky, the ample ether ! What gracious harmonies," what lovely melody, what sereuo large-phrased sequences of majestic music have been bequeathed for our inheritance by that great and n pie musiciau, "ours by adoption." For me this year I eschewed the two great ratorios, the "Messiah" aud "Israel in Egypt," and took my fill of Handel on the " selection" day, nor did I regret my choice. The huge Crystal Palace was looking its best and brightest in the June sunlight, and I own 'tis a place for which I have an old and deep-rooted affection dating from childhood's days, when a long day spent there from morn —not till dewy eve, but till the summer twilight bad darkened sufficiently to allow the great fireworks to break forth in their myriad splendour—was one of the supreme blisses of life to. me, as to many other London-bred children of my generation. 1 take my pleasure more soberly now, but even as the scent of flower or fruit may conjure up bygone scenes, so, for me, the Crystal Palace's long vistas of glittering aisles, white statues, and towering palms and clinging fantastic veiling wreaths of creepers, when once more visited on a fine summer day, always bring back something of the old plad freedom, the uplifting of spirits, the holiday sense, in short, which comes to us more rarely in later life, and which is therefore the more delicious. I should not be egotistical enough to record my personal feelings in this fashion were it not that I believe tney are shared by many people, enough in number to explain the curious personal affection for the Crystal Palace which seems to be felt by most classes of society, which no other building of its kind has ever been able to inspire, and the want of which has prevented its rivals from achieving success. The reason of this is not far to seek. The history and traditions of the Crystal Palace canuot be shared by any imitation, for, after all, it is the marvellous inspiration which, springing up in Hyde Park in 1851, and enshrining within it the treasures of the world's ^art and industry, was a world's wonder and rafee show, and marked a new era in our development in art and science. The Great Exhibition of 1851 may now be depreciated, but its results cannot be denied, nor can they be estimated—they are too far reaching for that. Read Thackeray's most noble ode tn May Day, 1851, to see how deeply the opening of that mighty edifice could touch the finest spirits of the time to fine issues ; and all this is blent in the national feeling for the original building, shorn now of something of its pristine splendour, bnt still a noble palace of pleasure —a delightful holiday house to millions—at its transplanted site upon the Norwood Hills. I meant to write about the Handel Festival, and have chiefly dilated on its fane, but there is some excuse, for where else could this leviathan of choral concourses find room ? The great Handel Orchestra, with its chorus numbering. 2,600 and its band of over 400, all seated under the shadow of the huge organ, is a thing never to be forgotten; but more memorable is the absolute unity of impression into which this great mass of instruments and human voices has learnt to blend, under the command of the nervous, wiry, energetic little figure with the keen face, pointed beard, and longwhite hair, August Manns, most admirable and enthusiastic of musicians and conductors, to whom, together with his old chief. Sir George Grove, and the Messrs. Chappell, with their incomparable popular concerts, is chiefly due the wonderful advancement ot love of music and appreciative listening thereunto which England has experienced during the last thirty years. One remarkable proof of how things musical have changed among us, in the last decade even, was the' appearance of seven or eight young ladies among the violins and violas in the orchestra at this year's Festival, an innovation justified fully by their earnest workmanlike playing, and which had a charm of its own, if only for the change it showed. As regards public feeling, every one must have felt that the slim graceful figures, in their gay spring gowns, gave a breath as of the colour and perfume of summer flowers to the mass of black coats and white collars otherwise composing the orchestra ; but this would have been futile bad not the grave intentness and absorbed musicianly earnestness of the players shown that their place among their male comrades was a worthy one worthily earned. The choruses are the real raison d'etre of a Handel Festival. With the soloists it is always a case of the audience emulating the Marchioness in the "Old Curiosity Shop" as regards the ardent qualities of orange-peel and water and "making believe very much." The finest, clearest, most penetrative individual human organ must be to a great extent wafted on that vast area. All one can do is to imagine how it would sound in a room. But this very immensity of the space to be filled softens and fuses the vocal weight of the choruses supported by the orchestra into one magnificent whole. I never heard anything in its way like the chorus " Wretched Lovers" from " Acis and Galatea," as eung last week at Norwood. Forgive my quoting Dickens again, but the only apt description is the eulogy of Mr. Lillivick ar.ent Miss Petowker's acting, "'delicious, absorbing, fairy-like, tumultuous." The Royal Academy Soiree was the same night as the "selection" day of the Handel Festival, and the two united made a severe toil of pleasure, but the Royal Academy's annual entertainment was this" year a very pleasant one, not such a mob as it has "too often proved of late years. Sir Henry Layard was, perhaps, the lion of the evening, but he departed early for Lady Salisbury's reception at the Foreign Office. Beauties were very scarce; it is curious how like they are to roses, and how while one summer is Bplendid with their fairness, another June will be almost barren thereof. I must leave it to statisticians to explain the reason why; they can explain everything. This year will witness a great event in the annals of cricket and amateur play acting— The jubilee of the Canterbury week, which was established just fifty years ago. Some of the members of the Zingari and Old Stagers' Clubs, the Dioscuri, or more rightly, the Siamese Twins, of the Canterbury week, who presided over their foundation, are still not only alive, but able and eager to take a foremost place among their younger comrades on the well-loved boards of the Canterbury Theatre; even though on the cricket ground they may have had long ago to yield their accustomed place, and be content with the role of Priam and the elders, or watching the fight from the Zingari tent. I will not dwell too long on the probable aspects of the coming jubilee, as I shall hope to be there and record it for your benefit, and the Canterbury cricket week is always worth describing. It is always fine weather then—I never remember its being wet — but absit omen, it is always jolly, and "every burgher in the town hath donned his whitest gown," which, being interpreted, is every cricketer has arrayed himself in his freshest flannels, and every lady, resident or visitor, hath pranked her in her best array. No woman worthy her salt would attempt to wear gowns whose freshness has been destroyed by the London season on the Canterbury field in the first week of August. The fraud would be at once discovered, and expose the wearer to just and severe contempt. Honour where honour is due, and all honour is due to the yearly carnival of our national jjaroe in the bravo and beautiful old City of Ettielbert. This year it is rumoured tbat the ex-captain of the Kent Eleven (Lord Harris) feels so deeply the importance of the event that he will probably manage to quit his gubernatorial duties at Bombay, and coine over to help his old county in her tourney on the ground where he has so often drunk delight of battle with his peers. I shall not wonder if he does ; and be was so well-beloved a captain that his presence will make the occasion better itself. , There is a sad side in the celebration of any jubilee; the gladness at meeting the old familiar faces left must always be touched with the pathos of the thought of those that have nasesd away. Canterbury Cricket Ground this August will be full of ghosts. The black in the Zingaris' well-known triple band of colour will stand for mourning for many missed from their old haunts; but the ghosts will be gentle and kindly memories, and with all gravity and reverence those gathered together once more on < he level green may imagine their old comr ? L ^' ritK bearing them company, and ' though in silence wishing jov." 