THE NORTH- WESTE?N? HOUNDS. [BY TALLY Ho lJ Let us join the glad throng That goes laughing along And we'll all go a-hunting to day. Saturday's meet was a great success, the number of hunters and onlookers who turned up being roughly computed at 200, and the gay procession as it left the town ship and wound down the river was a sight well worth seeing. Amongstthose present I recognised the deputy-master (Dr. Cole) on Maud, acting-huntsman (Mr iR. J. Sul. livan) on Random, Meesra dAl. Jordan (whip) on Light, E. Beams on Deception, John Flynn on Killarney, F. Smith on Albanna, J. M'Gee on Eager, J. Tuthill on Curiosity, T. Kenton on Fenian, James Griffin, jun., on Indian Maid, D. Griffin on Silence, Jno. Speight on Determination, M. Bloch on Outcast, W. Evans on Sky light, J. Conroy on Flirt, J. West on Slip light, J. Butt on CruEos, J. Gowan on Jamaica, T. Gowan on Mayflower, J. Conroy on Governor, Jas. Conroy on Plunger, C. Conroy on Navigator, W. Conroy on Sledger, D. Sullivan on bl'Carthy's mare, J. Sulliyan on Will-if-I-Can, M. Sullivan on Lens, J. Dunovan on Cyprus, P. Baggerty on a hay, Roberts on Mack, James Cameron jun. on Fenian II., T. Collins on Simpleton, P. M'Cormack on Headstrong, Win. Fitzpatrick on Arch. deacon, J. Anderson on Firstliht, M. Russell on Creswick, J. Dunovan on Bengeo, P. Dunovan on Mute, T. M'Mahon on Ginger, Hughes on Simon, J. Hargerty on Augur. tilbert on You Know, S. Knight on Jack the Ripper, W. Smith on Rambler II., W. Picket on Western Tier, Marshal on Weightcarrier, Keogh on Seaweed, G. Dobson on Bones, J. M'Cormack on Iron sides, W. Keating on Mislight, C. Fawkner on Tim WhifRfr, J. Fawkner on Rapidity, J. M'Carthy on Exile, i. Keating on Sliplight, J. Brown on Tongs, and J. Von Bibra on Linne. The ladies were well represented by Miss N. Sullivan on Modesty, Miss Ada Conroy on Peter, Miss H. Seelig on Bazaar, Miss Coops on Hope ful, Miss Plapp on Ino, Misses Tuthill (2) on Simple and a pretty chestnut, etc. Amongst the macadamites I noticed Mrs -Cole, Miss ,Fitzgerald, Miss Walker, Miss Ready, the Misses Conroy, Jas. Bennett, Esq., Messrs J, Sutton, Cole, E. Kelly. The throw-off was on the property of It. H. Munce, Esq., the drag being sent away in the charge of Messrs F. Smith and Gil. rt. The first few fences were in rapid succes sion, and proved disastrous to a few; owing perhaps to the pace the hounds led us. A steep hill somewhat winds the horses, and the drag being run into, a check is ordered. Getting away again the hounds lead us over the farms of Messrs J. Parker, G. Viney, R. Scoliger, and M. French, to the Tongataloo road, and here we have another check. Passing through Messrs W. Mitchells and W. Abhoy's properties the roughness of the country compels us to whip off the dogs and walk about half a mile till we come to the open again; and pow we are on the confines of the famous Bull Rnin, Whioa e boundary fence is the la Frel 'obstacle that meets us, when the ol hdionds are once more laid on. ff In the white stleak of rail, not a ghost of a it gap. 01 'Ihis fence is safely negotiated by 13 horses, only to meet another, a five-railer a little further on, the main body of tieo htldn making a detour; and note the 1akuuids, going at a rasping pate, tribe as steel, led ties on to the Emit Bay road, and double back aflth into the Bull Ring, and head totearda Barrack-street, giving us a eoicession of lovely fences with good going. At Bartack-street we again muster our forces and pass quietly down towards the township till opposite Mr Beat's I farm, where we enter on the home run over Messrs Best's, Hampton's, R. Cameron's, and F. Smith's; inishing 1 over, three stunning big fences in 1 Mr James i ennett's paddock, near the m Uill. I will not attempt to name r the straight-goers where eo mauy went s straight, suffice it to tay that the number of the littl'. bind that keeps with the inaetc? increases with every hunt, and it is not at all uncommon to see twenty or e thirty taking all fences as they come. a After the hunt on Saturday the members and supporters of the club met at the \- Railway Hotel, and expressed their sympathy with the wldoet of the lise Mr t J. H. Mcrton by ptsSisg a vote of con dolence which the secretary was in ostrtt?ted to forward, and also by starting a t fund in aid of the widow of which Mr E. J. f Sullivan was elected secretary, and Dr. s Cole treasurer. I may say that the call was responded to heartily at the outset, n fully .8 being subscribed in the room. The next meet is, I understand, to be at s Deloraine on Saturday; the 29th inst., And may it be as good a Bdie t bl?tit ~its if chronicled. 