Harper's Ghost. '.' .' '^,',:|[By, EticALYPTus1.] .-,..;.,' ?-- Some years ago,: I'lived in one of tho interior to«us!-'dr this' colony;':wKch, for picttirbsqda scenery,' it' ^wBuWD'e' aiffiptilt'tp surpasa.'H Prom one [of tjje(hills'at;tlie.'rear.o'f thetownahml'a Bplondid panoremic 'View 61. the surrounding country could be ottaioed, .aud, In , view ot -the long-ago cri annul . usaociatiuus . of tho diatriot. suggested . , the - - familiar t uouplot , applicable sometimes rto civilized -.-? lauds, as well as to ' Darkest Africa,' ? ' ? ; .. . ,.(.!'. Where every prospect ploaaea \- And only man iB vilei' -/' ;.:????.. '?/The evidence ''of 'hUman llfo and activity,** Was to bo found Iq the cluster of houses of various sizoii. aiidde8igns,l which lay in tho. valley bolow ; aud. 'as if to 'accentuato the necessity for a moral rcformutiou of tho. inhabitants, uo leas than four churches were rangod on the gentle slopo which , led .r up to ,therp9int, of., yautage aflorde4by' the hill alluded to. It 'is but just to say' 'hciitjever'.^h'at whatever may have beeii the uusaVbry 'di sti d'c/tio.u ' '^i tied by ? the district 'years before,' it waa.^atthb time to which' I,now refer, equally,' 'rejputed ' for ' the';'peaceful ; and law abiding habits 'of,' the' ;peopie,,'-' ' ' ' ?/ ' Perhaps,' there is ho ' more interesting ohaptor in the history of New South Wales 'than that which relates 'the ?'''numerous ' bushrahging episodes,' the thiilling and melancholy particu lars of which are permanently ohrooicled ia the criminal i ! records of the colony, and 'bate afforded a oongonUl ' theme apon ' which fictional writers have woven many an imagina tive talo, none of which, it may fairly be affirmed, have excelled in graphic power or in exciting interest, the story of the actual exploits. Truth, i iu this instance, has , been stranger than flction.vi i', ... ; ./ii-.- i-i .. ?? .-/; .-.\; . .,,, » i I was not long a resident in the district before I was made aware of the remarkable adventures through which many of- the early settlers had passed ; indeed, personal testimony in several casoB was forthcoming,' 'and1 ' wfalen . one had bad rtldouiited' to him the hairdreadth escapdsi ' tho wonderful encounters, and the daring 'outrages experienced at the hands of reckless desperadoes, ibe peculiar senaationa that crept over him were of too strange a nature to be minutely described. At this time, too, I happened to ocouoy the position of a bank officer, and, like the hero of Sullivan's ,'.' Yarn of the Nanoy Hell ' .united in mytelf the functions of manager, cashier, ledger keeper, etc., and not infrequently,' messenger. Coincident with the relation to me of the above mentiohed exploits, vwas the fact that (in quite another 'part of tho colony, a gang of bush rangers,' headed by one of the most daring out laws that ever levelled a' revolver, had taken to the roads, 'and had booii ' sticking up ' the mail aud gold escort) ' Tho' police ke'rgoaut Htatibnod in the towu.wason the. quiviyc, aud, haying a foar that their evil 'example -might' prove cou tagious enough to induce Home foolish young follows in the back country to;hav6'a' ''go 'for the bant, warned mo to' bo on - tho look out* for any suspicious,ich'arA'cterH!;;'ilYou may rely upon' it that ,1 cri tieully '.survey od each man who entored the ofTico',' with au incipient dread that his firat greeting would .be; - V Holdf up your I recollect very distinctly one evening .when about half-a-dozen ' of' us were met together in the back, parloir^of tho lbkdiag -hotel— wUere congenial spiritb 6ft do uongregate in a dual sou so— 'enjoying a ' smoke, and a chat, when, perhaps _' naturally enough, tho conversation turned on bushruugiug. i,.; / --/ One of the coin*pany said : *' ' Look here, do you sob .this ;mark, fffi iiny, rf orehead ?',' ,,.,,,,, Wo all Rssonled. ' ' '!''.'..'!,,' ' Ah ! ' ho ooutinued, ' 1 trot a uaaty knouk( th'ore'one7 ?viriter's ' evening as 1 was closing the store. ^Thp.rooui you have as au'.oflBpe,' point ing to inel1'1' was tho 'store; 'and on 'this night no. oije was_ about,. _My. wifo was in the 'diu'iug- ' room attnnding^to.hor, household dutieB. (, Just | as I't'uriled fouViS to'go't'tfshuUerl'l'confroijted , a man, who, with h .rfl^oWor'iu oaoh haud, callod on mo to ' buil up.' 1 am not of a norvous coin- J position, aud glauuing 7juiokly ut .iny, asaailunt; 1 determined i to rink the conaoqueucos, aud -to go for him. I olosod with him, grasping him by tho throat; atid 'was gottiug tho better of tho struggle','. when1' an 'accomplice sprang from j behind the sido wall, and' holding his revolver! by'the barrel; strucknneaibardjilow. whore*. you ; Bee the scar'.- -As quick' as thought I'disoiitanglod myself, aud rushed along tho verandah, wheu I , felt a, but lot whJK.pastmy head, leapt over, » low, foiice boyoud,: and gave the 'alarm at 'the' mill I not far distant, whither. , my wife, ou hearing ' the struggle, ^ud,, .for ^he ,aainc rpurpuse, just ' preceded - me. ? Thevbir'ace''of 'would-be robbers deoappedj figd ueyer 'Ugamr troubled me; Jlut I confess' it was ri^t'a pleasaut ex^orionce.'S ?' ~ j I furtively glauced at the window, which was shaken by the wind, and the shadows that danced upon they'curtains,' caused by the fire, ' assumed shapes 'remarkably bushranger- like, I ,n' Qh!.', chimed in au old genteleman whose experience could; be measured by, the proverbial threo-score-aud-ten, 'That was, baa enough f or youj. certainly,; but what about i Mr. 'Kings- '! ton, iwhof was stuck up rat. Kangaroo Flat by j Grainger and hU'gang? Why ! he 'had' only a ! double-barrelled grin, ' arid 'ten ' minutes 'before the bushratigeie arrived' had; knocked 'over a magpie, and, so, had but one1 'charge of bhot'left. ' But ho 'went for them Btraight. They kept I firing at random, hiding themselves, curs 'that ! thoy.worp, but oue,7of .them exposed his -body, j fprHJ^Jmeufiit^ri cr^lfdnt'i^at ohWg^Jiaio bis abdomen, and down he foil dead as a coffin nail. They, got Kingston at last, , and -. his fatal guu, too;' and' commenced to ' load it,1 quietly | telling .him iu sight 'of their dead mate, that i tHeyanteiiddd toWoot hirXwitii \t{ 'Just then, \ his wife rushed to the rescue. She pleaded for I mercy, and implored them' to spare her husband i and the father, of her little ones. It's hard to j withstand a' woman's tears sometimes.'' They i did spare him. 'But bis'hair, unlike that 'of I Byron's prisoner of Chillou, turned white dur- ! ing the terrible hours they held' him'a's 'a hostage, ! whilst his' wife procured' £500 jti'gqld',' tn'p 1 rauBom sot. upon him, being oqiial to the.reward I offe'rod by tho Gdvornmoht for'*'iihy 'oiio.'otthe I outlaws, alive or dead! And, strange to add,' j said the narrator, 'no one hus: lived iu Mr. '! Kingston's house since, and people say that at | certain hours of the night you ca u hear revolver '| shots!. 'and All Arts 'of unearthly ubieos. . -j j {}, f ' Look here,' I said, ' I've had about euough 1 of this — L ba\e' to. eloep alone at thebauk, to- I night, aud I'm not a' very bi'ave'uinu at any ' tiino, und 1 don't. want to-, be awake all night, 1 imagiuiug the'worst.' ~' ' *??*' *'' vi Of course, thero was a general laugh at' my ex- , peuse, aud under the1 stimulating influence of a ! choice brand of whisky,' my companions were ? disposed to' ridicule my fears. ' : ' ' ' ? ' ' ' ' ? ' At this point there wiai 'a knock ' at the door, and our old frieud,:Mr.' Wintnrman'/'eutorod, nud, shakiug hands, 'vory cordially, excused his ' ilitrudihg upon tis so' 'uu'expetjtedly.'buthe had ! beou dotaitied' a'tfew',miles'o'ut .of towu, and , pould titit reach his station that night, so, hear- j ing 1 was at the hotoK^he had called in. ' We were all pleased to meet him. . ;He was a well- | road man, though not 'cultured, very anecdotal ! in His talk,, of a poetic turn, and rather eccentric ' in some of his views. Ho profeaaed to believe ; that tho planets weio inhabited ;? that angels, in : a probationary state, occupied this world in pre- : histoiiu. tiujps; . that woman, was u suparato : creation *iddcpondent of'mun, iiiid bo discarded the ' rib ' theory ; that dopartod spirits were ' endowed with' great powers of locomotion, and : in ,yarious waya.^aiid '.by', diverse media, in- * lluouced the living; strongly bolioved in tho appeara.uw;'of ^.ghbuts, Jetc./. 'He was very fond of expatiating on tBoeo abstruse subjects, and: would; adduce very remarkable illustrations ? ftn'd instauc'os'to support his arg~u'mbtits.'T', ' As soon as ho wasseatod, ho said;1..' My good j fnonds, I'm ,jonly -an , ihterlopofo.'.don'fc let me I mtorrupt your couvprsation.','- ,) ) ?:.'. ' ','.- , i -?to ?''':'? ?!.:*?'. *-'??? Uvi ir ,','??':,' -':u '_'?_, .. ' ' * ' ' Oh!' I rejoined, ' it was'nt themostcheor ful, 1 can tell y_pu. Why ! for the last hour or more bushrangiing outrages,' killed outlaws, and their 'wretched deaths have been the favored topics. I presume we'lfhave their ugly ghosts next'' ,- .'_? ,-t ?:, ? - ? ' TJgly ghosts!' said he, repeating my words 'Now,. you all know. 1 believe in ghosts' — laying an' emphasis 'ou the word 'believe.' And then followed a brief but able disa.uisition on the subject,*- which- was. so iuterestiug &s; to engage our u ndivided. attention. . !.-«?, Why*'- said he, 'you need 'ut go faraway for a wonderful instance of tho appearance of a ghost, for; niaiiy year's 'ago Harper's ghost used to be the talk of the district, 'Harper used to live down there at' the 'foot of the Blackstono Ridge, you know whore Skarratt'e houso stands now, well, very close to that, and it was sup posed that'at the'- foot.- of 'the ridgo gold was to be found, aud that ? Harper know the spot, and' profited . by .. his knowledge. Ho was a -well-built uiuu, but afHicted; with a peculiar twitching of the features, which wore not at all. prepossessing ; in fact, he was ugly, arid those who ventured to refer jocularly to his great want of facial' attraction,1 used to toll him it was no wonder he had never married; Less intimate but more profane individuals remarked that he resembled the very devil him self! -He was a. reticent- man, and his only companion was a short, thickly- set prematurely old looking fellow, who had lost a leg, (in the war he slid, but did not indicate which), 'and wore a wooden one of a very peculiar construc tion, shaped like a human limb, with an iron sole. Everybody 'was' accustomed to call him Old Stumpy, ? but -he was- no' favorite, ? and seemed - to relish the ? dislike of, other people. Harper used to say ho believed he wan not al together a bad sort, ? There was evidently some strange link which connected the two , men, although it may' have been but the semblance of friendship. 'I kuew Harper well,' continued Mr. Wintermaii. '''He was'rather eccentric, and always curried about- with him a large amount of monoy-J-proceeda ? of gold, it wus said — and ' I - frequently ' warned him that he ought to be' more. careful, as it-might prove a very strong temptation to some evil disposed person to rob, or. even murder him. 'Oh,' he would reply, his face twitching horribly as he spoke, ' I'm strong enough to take ca'ro of my self , but, if I'm murdered, well; I'm nearly us ugly as the devil was,' and I'll swear OH Nick won't be able to hold a candle to my ghost.'.' i ! ? i ' One morning, ? it - was - rumored that Harper was misiing. The rumor . was quickly con firmed. No trace of him could be found. Apart from one or two circumstances, which, under ordinary conditions, would not have aroused any' comment,' no suspicion could 'be attached to Old Stumpy . ' He' gave an apparently straightforward account of 'Harper's movements up to the previous afternoon, when he alleged the missing man had left his homo on horseback, stating he would be back in,' the morning,'; It was not au unusual thing for him to be iu towu all night. The horse, with, saddle and bridle, had also disappeared, although about six weeks afterwards the animal 'was found on the ridge. The police were'' completely* ' baf&led; iu their efforts to discover Harper's whereabouts. Only one - thing seemed - very : strange, Old . Stumpy had lost his artificial leg, aud had extemporised a rather crude substitute taade , from a sapling. A 1 tho', [ reticent, as., to , hisloas, he explained this by saying he had, when sitting by the fire, loosened the leg. and .left it leaning close by, and it had 'fallen into,1 the' fire and was de stroyed. Old Stumpy 'wis closely 'watched, but excepting that he paid ;:m'oi-o' frequent visits to the publichouse at the lower 'eni-uft the towu,1' thore was nothing unusual iu his conduct. Only a few sovereigns were fouud in Harper's honso whioh were handed over to Old Stumpy, who uptloug aftuwards left tho district. .Thoro, was a rumor, that In tjb'6, coil vict' times,, one or' rrioro^rem'arkaWo' 'cave-liko shafts' had been stink for1 'pro8pbctiifg1'purpo8esJwhich' 'also ? served ' as jiiding places, but their location was uot known '; if anyone know of them Old Stumpy did, for he- hadlivod n long, time in ths neighborhood,, aud hud tho; reputation of. being a vory a bio bushmau. , I hope I'm lipt woaryiugyou .?' said. Mr. W.iutemati at this point. '.' ' ' '.'.'J '.Oh,, no! not at, all,' came a chorue of wicos, for we wero all 'thoroughly interested in' :he narrative,' particularly knowing the lticality. ; 'Some five or six''yeara aftor the time of which I um Bpeakin-r,'''doiitioued!ho, ' a good inanyi peojtle't had: come to live1 about the neigh borhood, uud 1 opened . a store,i and employed two youug fellows. The. older one, Jim Beckitt, was a Christian, ,or, ?lyshoiild .say, a Gentile, whilst his 06'tnpauiou, Mark Isaucs, was, as his name indicates, k Jew, who, nevertheless',' was a vWy good 'Ohristian'linl'his 'waV; ?I':well''fe-1 member him.' 'He '? was a ? slightly- built youth/ af a uervous temparament, combined with what you would sarcastically term a superstitious turn- of. mind, which was intensified byhisfond uess for legendary literature and ghost adven tures. Ho always' believed, ' a's I did, that if Dingle had corae 'to his end 'by foul1 means, yhis spirit ' wouldi reveal theifkct' in some manner, frequently, by .way of teasing I him : out af ;,, this !, belief, Jim Beokitt, .when out; walking , , oni dark ? nights : would. ; cry , , out, . ' Beware of Harper's Ugly ghost,!' ; But he was nearer the 'truth than he '; supposed. ' 'It came about inthe-followiug-wayJ.--lt was cus tomary for the young feUowsJto visit the doctor's house occasionally,1 which was 'situated about balf-a-mile distant, and^was most easily reached by, a pathway leading through some open ground,' intersected by a small ? gully, 'or creek, which it was necessary to cross; i - Gum treos grew here and there,-' and , on dark; nights /is sumed very strange shapes, which a - timid,' imBginatiye mind could readily invest , with 'hu- man or supernatural ' contour. One dark , 'weird right Uie yb'ung Jew had' gone to' the doctor's house, and uot returning as early as usual, Jim Beckitt' retired to rest, their room being detached from the btore. At last, he rushed, iu, 'and gasped out that hei hid seen Harper's 'ghost. Both the youog fellows then came to myjroom. Isaacs seemed to be perfectly torrified, trembling all over as if with agne, his face, pale, at any, time, now white as death, and the perspiration standing out 'like uhry'stal beads upon bis fore - Head. 'He gradually bocame mdro composed, but, at intervals, as he rapidly related the 'ad venture,, would start with; fear, as the memory uf.the aoeue.cuuio vividly before. him.; , It trans pired that he had boon spending an hour or two atthe doctor's house, aud was about to take, his ilepurture, when a heart-reuding shriek issiiod f roni one of 'tho rooms.' ' Dr.' Kinte'r was absent uu a rouu-r of medical .'. visitation ;' his wife .and throo yo'ung'.uhildreu,' with, the servant maid, were at homo. '.^Mrs. Kinte^and the young Jew rushed to' the room from whence, the fearful sound, had come, only to find the' servant in a BtVl!writhin'Bi':Upou 'tbei '.' floor,' , her1 .'face quite black' 'and 'distorted'.'' ', .For, '' about '*', two hours she -j. remained in this '. condition, ',' taxing tho mental and physical powers' of the : two S* 'rsouH who 'attended 'her to, ,the,|'/Utmo8t. or. groans, contortions, and 'struggles, were siiuply ^frightful; arid ?'.itf'seemei a doubtful question' whether she would rallyi Itian't'u very .pleasant 01 cheerful , task at anyijtime', much less at night, to watch or tend a .person bo' afflicted; 'but ,to, a' highly nervous, timid yoiiug fellow, who' had never seen 'such a sight before, ,it..;.w]JS doubly, trying. It. was a great relief when ,the't girl' , regained cpnscipuBness. Her 'ilfst'glan'co— quick' aud' frightened— was towards ,the window, ,wlie'ii ' she*!, i'ristau'tly covered heriface.*wilh1*ho'r'(hands'*i and 'screamed out' ' 'Dou't yoii' see'it ?' Th'e doctor's' wifo aiid youug Isaacs looked, but discerned nothing. ' OhM'jIt' w'fjs, aVghost !' '/she priedr j, ?tiefcoming luietorj she averred' she had 'ieen';a ghost,' aiia 30 ugly, sho thought, it was Satan' looking at )-er. Fhey did .-'their, best,, to persuade her it. was only lor^ fancy, and 'so she grew 'drowsy, probably | VoW exhaustion, the youtig Jew took his leave, j It Was very late' when J he' came ? away from the loqtOr'B,KpU«j.';j','',;'|'.''r' ,',',..'.,'!' '^'','J. * ,,' . -Vrf'1' j 'The night was oppressively dark, as we fouud afterwards. Everything was silent and still, sayps^hegsprroirfalVWR'Uisg-fdfy-the wind through the gum trees. Objects of all kinds seemed transformed into some supernatural shape or form.' 'Tremblingly young1'7 Isaacs hurried homeward. As he approached the small gully,1 of which I have spoken, a white form slowly raised itself directly in front of him, resembling in outline a human being.1 It made no sound — there it Btcod, its features strangely yet palpably visible in the darkness, hideous iu their ugliness, and inspiring the already over wrought mind of the young Jew with uuspeak ablu dread. In a second or two, tho spectra began Blowly, but deliberately and noisblessly to advance towards him, and with the peculiar unearthly light which pervaded and envolopod it he could distinguish that 'it raised its hand, and poiuted towards the hill beyond with what appeared to be a human leg. * . ' The preat poet has' affirmed that conscience doth, make cowards of- us all, but this youug scion of the house of- Israel, forgot all about conscience, his whole being influenced by the fearful, silent, animated apparition before him. It flashed across' his mind, like lightning that this was Harper's ghost ! ' , ' ,; '!.' Horror-striken', . he rushed back, and,, as fast as his fright,' permitted, hurriod home 'by a more circuitous route, tci find safely aud assur ance in the sooiety of his friend. As you may guess. I was in a high tensiou of feeling myself, and' was nervously anxious to visit the spot, and endeavored to persuade them, both to acr company me, to see what this uncauny ap parition might be. At first, Jim. Beokitt seemed disposed to regard it as a joke, laughingly saying it was probably Wilkin's old cow grazing on the bank of the creek. But he cousented to go with' us. Arming ourselves with revolvers, and taking a lantern, which the wind prevented us from using, we essayed ' forth to discover,' If possible, the true cause of young Isaac's abject terror. Hit were Harper's ghost, we would challenge it. We cautiously advanced .towards the dreaded spot,' when, great lleavon .'thore in all its' midnight ueliness, with its 'strange luminosity— a kind of phosphorescent glimmer — was the portentous figure. .. ' 'We' grasped our weapons firmly, and I cried out, ' Be thou a spirit of health or goblin damn 'd ?' but all. was silent as the'jirave. The wind had now ceased. It must have been about two o'clock in the morning. Slowly the figure began to move towards us. ' I will fire unless you 'speak,' I called out. At this juncture it raised its arm, and there' appeared in its hand the leg-shaped implement the 'young Jew bad described,' and ; with which the ghost— for ' .wo believed it to be nothing else— pointed towards the hill', and, turning to the right, commenced to walk in that, direction with slow strides. We irresistibly followed,' aud for about' two miles', as'far as we could judge, it still advanced before us, wheu, 'on reaching the summit of the hill, it suddenly stopped, pointed obliquoly forward and then disappeared. ; '''''' ' '' ' ? It was' Very' dark, but not cold. We had been so absorbed as to have entirely overlooked in exactly which direction the apparition had guided us, althb' we inclined to think it was westerly,' so wo determined to await the break of day, to see if we could discover any reason for the1 ghost's abrupt disappearance. *' ' ; 'After, a' long interval,' the first faint streaks of dawn announcing ;the coming day were noticed in the sky, and we soon knew 'we were in the locality whore it was rumored thoconviot escapeeB had sunk - the cave-like shafts, which we had always regarded as a legend, and' nothing more.' Judge of our Surprise and excitement, when, after' a very shbrt1' search,* iu the scrub, close by, hidden by bushes and rocks bo deftly aud naturally adjusted that 'it would bo im possible to detect -the spot under-ordinary cir oumstunues, aur entrance into what, seemed at first a square well, steps were cut at intervals sufficiently safe to admit of our careful descent. The shaft, a' short distance down, was excavated, aud then dug almost porpendicularly, nud then again excavated. By tho aid of the lantern, we dosceuded about 70 or 80 feet, so we estimated, wheu-we -were horrified, to find a skeleton lying on' the oarthy floor. '. We' hastily examined it — the right arm and leg were broken, aud the skull:, smashed. -At' it's' feet was a' saddle, showing .evidences of dncay, and also a bridle. Uut we all shrank back instinctively, when young Isaacs pointed to a peculiar- looking thing .lying at tho head of the skeleton,' which, upon cloBor scrutiny, proved, to be Old-Stumpi/s moot/en frgrj'.broken ut tho uukle! '? - ? ♦' Here then was theseorofaf Harper's sudden' diaap[-earanco. ?? It . was quite evident he had been cruelly murdered by his companion, and the. loss of the wooden leg by burning was a lie. We gave information to the police* who took possession of the,. remains,! together with the' saddle, .bridlo and [the fatal wdoddu leg,'upou whiah traces of blood- were fouud, altho' then al most indistinct. ..^ii.'i .!?? ?- i ??:! vrj'': -! --'?'? ? ,,;fBut now comes the strange confirmation.' A letter was received from; New Zealand only a; few days later, .containing' Old Stumpy 's : full cou fesBion of the murder. He had made it on his deathbed in a hospital in Auckland. . Tou can. understand the t iucident oonfirmed my: be lief that our spirits wheu released from tho body are. employed in. pursuits that tend to the eleva-. tion and good of our human fellow-creatures, in many ways unconsaiouato them, and, as in the. case of Harper's, ghost, oft-times bring; to light deeds that would otherwise be shrouded in impenetrable mystery, u'.t ??? ?; , : . - 1 .' ButyV. added Mr. Winterman, looking at his watch, 'it is getting late, and so I will see Mr. Thorntou,as far as the bank, .altho' I should, not object to meet another ghost, .if - ifc led to tho clearing up of any terrible outrage.' — . r ? : I insisted, we should all: have a parting 'nightcap,''.' and taking good care, to have an additional one on reaching home, slept soundly, ?till the , morning, and with the [daylight my courage revived. :,-,.,.- , ,.?,:.: ..O -.??/?? 