Echoes. The street that is straight. Kuranda School is a real good object. A raffle at Hides', on next Friday night in aid of the Kuranda School. ' " A diver at Thursday Island." A. Meston arrives to-morrow. Myola wants a post-office badly. Koah has no post-office, and it wants one. Kowrowa has no post-office, and languishes in consequence. The ghost is said to have again made its appearance in Cairns. A postal service is very badly wanted between Kuranda and Biboobra. Welcome Pocket has a school and ener- getic residents, yet it has no post- office. Foster, the village blacksmith, orator and rattling good fellow, is now located at Myola. Blackwater Creek wants a post-office. People languishing for a regular supply:of Cairns Pott. Meeting of the Boxing Day sports com- mittee at the Queen's Hotel to-nigbt at 8 o'clock. . That modest Christian General Booth rode about Adelaide in a coach with six milk white steeds. ' ' , The V.K.C. committee has endorsed the dis- qualification for ti months of Mr. J. E. Brewer, the well-known amateur rider. .? Mr. John E. Redmond, who was recently defeated-at the Cork- Cit» «lotion, »ill. it »» rumoured, shortly visit Austral!». Heard at the Divisional Beard. " I and my friend arethé only 'live members on the Board, and my friend Tom is asleep." John Gardner,, unionist, convicted of an assault on ä free.labourer. w;is sentenced to one month's imprisonment at Hughenden on Friday." ? "'" General Peixoto, the. new President of Brazil, bus issued a manifesto annulling all acts of . General Fonseca, the former President. .'"Palo Alto, the property of Senator Stan- ford, the wealthy Californian, has equalled the record of the famous trottinT mare Maud S. for a mile-2inin Sisee. Sevrai libel actions have commenced in Canada against, newspapers for publishing statements relative to the charges of corrup- tion^ - Why d' .n't 'the Govern uit-nt ' double tbe postage and so muzzle the newspaper ¡ men. Lord Herschel, one of the liberal members of the House of Lords, states. that he believes it is impossible for, the1 House of Lords to remain a permanent institution, if not. reformed. The Lords apparently . have only à vague; idea bf what the people know to be a certainty. A consignment of Queesland sugar has been sold in London at 17s per cwt., which has been ? pronounced to have quite a Porto Eico character. The next cable may run as follows .-" A con- signment'of -Queensland sugar hi)s been sold, Ac, which has been pronounced tc have quito a Kano N.iko flavour, and a Java Snee'zo character! 