GENERAL BOOTtT. A SPECIAL HOLINESS MEETING. The fnllowli',1! nraplilc account of one of General BooluV great Salvation Army mei'tiugs in Mc-lnourne is taken from tbe Australasian : — The ' Gtneral ' had n t'em^ndous re ception on Monday, and at once the vaht audience hrnbe into Psalm 45. eudlug with the Salvationist chorus:— ' Let me, Jesus let me Jesas, Lei me. Jesus, Fuller know redemption's plan, Fuller Know redemption's plan.' Tbey sang ft possibly half n dozen times, each time witb greater streuetlj of lung, But loudly as tbey cbaunted tbey could not satisfy the eeneral, who, standing in front of the platform, marked time with outstretched arms, abandoning biuisei( entirely to the excitement of tlie moment in striking contract to his demeanour of tbe previous two days. This was nor Ibe ?'Geueral ' Booth of Sunday, or Satur day. For the first time the audience naw tbe leader of tbe Salvation Army iu bis ultra-Saivstionift mood. ' Again, agim,' be shouted. ''Let me fuller know re demption's plan ! Sine; it aealn, but not 'redemption' — salvation! Let me fuller know solvations plan If yon hum to trust tbe blee^eri Christ this evening — if you burn to bave Him blot out your guilt — sing it again.' And tbe audience, obedient to the cry, took up tbe burden— '? Let me, Jesus, let tuc, Jesus, Let me, Jesuit, Fuller know ealvatlou's plan. Fuller fcnow salvatlou'B plau.' ' No, no,' tbe ' General cried. ' I am not satisfied. Everybody wants to know about Jesus this evening, and to have more salvation tban they ever had hefore. If you don't, what did you come here tor? Why elte did you leave yonr business and your shopB ? Who could ever have expected tbat anybody at all would leave their bomes on a Monday afternoon. If anybody bad said bo a mouth ago you would bave said, ' Nonsense.' Some of you have travelled miles, and you'r going to have eometlng for it or else yon bave thrown yonr fare away, you know, and you'd better go bomeagain and look after your business. You want salvation or you'll never enjoy religion. There was an old woman once who eaid, ' What, me enjoy religion ! Why, I never knew what it was to be miserable until I got re ligion.' Tbe reason was she didn't get enough of it. Let's bave more of it. ('Amen.') Everybody wants more of salvation. 80 eing it again, sing it again, and everybody bold their right band op.' They sang ft again after this, and tbey sang It witb tbe loud pedal on, every right arm extended at length, and every foot in tbe ball beeping time to tbe thunder of tbe big drum. Then eays tbe 'General,' 'Let us all pray,' and as tbe audienoe fall on tbeir knees, be adds, witb a keen glauce tbat sweeps tbe build ing from floor to galleries, ' Pray — not loi-.k about. Tbe devil always looks at a meeting when it is prayiug, and sees how many are helping Jesue Chrlet. He takes notice of those that keep tbeir eyes open. Shut your eyes, or else he'll put you down fn bis pocket-book.' Tbe 'General' goes on anew, and as be proceeds tbe excitement grows more and more intense, and tbe 'Hallelujahs' fall thicker and faBter. ' Are you a Christian? Is he tbe ruling purpose of your life? If you bave got the spirit of JeBUS Christ you are a Christian. Are you a follower of tbe Bleeding Lamb? Are you on His side? Then you can call yourself a Christian. Everybody who thinks eo say 'Amen'' Aud tbe audi ence unite in one mighty 'Amen.' I ' Here is proof,' tbe 'General' goes on, ' in tbe Bible— your Bible. This is not a Salvation Army Bible ? yes it |is, it is my Bible, blessed thing'— and tbe ' General' presses it affectionately to his bosom. ' Tbis is tbe Bihle that you read and swear by, and quarrel over, and wblcb you expect you are going to be judged by on tbe last great day. Tiiis is your bible, and I ask you to listen In tbe words that you knew Irom childhood. This is what it eays ' Tbe grace of tbe Lord Jesua Christ, who, although be was rich— a millionaire— yet for our sine He became poor that we through bis penalty mikbt become rich.' ('Hallelujah.') Have you got tbat spirit ? You may be a member nf a church. I believe in being a member of a church, a good member, and a working member, and a paying member. You may have got a creed. I believe in a creed— I believe in wbat I believe in. ('Hallelujah.') That Is my creed. ('Glory.') You may have a cere monial and sacraments. We bave a cere monial ; we belong to tbe High Cburcb. (Laughter.) I believe in a ritual, and vestments, and processions, and walking about ou week days as well as Sundays, seeing wbo ia on tbe Lord's side. You may have excitement — I be lieve in excitement. Ido. ('Glory.') I don't think muob of people wbo are musical and not excitable— tbey may be very good in tbeir way, but tbey aren't ol much use to tbe Salvation Army. (Laughter.) I like a man wbo can fire up— a man wbo bag got a temper — a good temper, though. (Laughter.) I believe in excitement, and I do like to get up tbe excitement -bere. (' Hallelujah.') Talk about tbe excitement of Melbourne —Wbat Is it to tbe exoltewaot o: ssving souls? ('Glory.') Talk about Eight Hours D,ay V I'd like to make it four and twelal'y 'hours. I'd bave an excitement that would ebut up tbe abopB and etop the factories, and close Government House, and put tbe Governor dowu lo the bumbleet individual la tb? street. (? Hallelujah-') !'({ lifee to have one great, blessed, glorious excitement tbat would sweep over everything— ('Glory.') — aviil tbat would take every man and every woman and sweep them away be fore It, away Into tbe Kingdom of God, ('Hallelujah.')' By tblx lime fho cxcltemept la usarlDg lis tension point. Woiuin are already beginning t« aoh hysterically, and men, With tliVs perspiration rolling off tbeir faces, aie follow lug every second word with hoarse murmuts of 'Bless tbe Lord,' 'Glory,'' and tbe like. Tbe ' General' himself hue altered Ibe pitch of bis voice by half u tone, and Is talking now not in the cvtu, tuonoluuoag dVswl of tbe earlier part of kin address, but witb a rapid. »Qd 'nervous uMerauce— harsh, olnji'St metallic in 'Sect. Witb constantly IncrewMiig speed hegi.eB 011 :— You may have a correct creed— no doubt tbe devil le tbe corrected theologian iu tbe uul verse— you may go to cburcb, yon may I nerve in the army burrocks, you may en Joy all the pleRBureB of Bible olasges aud Bible readings, and live a correct life, but unless you mHke Jest's ChrlNt's purpose your purpoHO, and Jesus Oi'rlm'n life your life, I ilon't SPA how you can call yourself a Chrlstinn mmi nr 1 Christian woman, and I oaunol, md I say It with nil re verence—I caunot see how, witluuK tbns^ attributes, Christ himself could liuv claimed to he tho Mfssiuh. It wax when He came down to sacrifice himself form' Mid you that He became Christ. (' Hal lelujah.') Aud lo follow Him poems to me the only ground ou whleh a man can claim to be a ChrMinn Wh--re aro yon? If ynn ar' rlffhl, ni'iv G-'d confirm yon. If you ure III tlie mui \ right, m«y U'-d inako vo'i wholly hu. Alay !it- eiiilow you with ChrM-IIke spirit and 7,en| for (he resile of perilling foiiIh If you are not. then lesii* Christ l«t hnrc* to give himself awny. ('Hallelujah') 'Behold, I stand ut I hi' door and knock.' ('Glory') Open the ilo .r and He will go in. N.-w fwm»s Ibe cliiu»x. Tho audience hav 1 lost all control over themselves. Tlvy hang on the words of the speaker Willi cries and ejaculations and sobs. And the «' General,' with both hands up lifted bigh shove his head, goes on, 'The time is now. Now. unw, now. The time is now for tbe salvation, or tho baptism, for the purifying fl .me. T?iitn it out. ('Amen') Everybody who wants it sav Amen. ('Am?o.') Say it again. ('Amen.') All this ingo ing lo be. Everybody wbo he|lev«s it siy Amen. ('Amen.') And may the hlosF ing of the Father and tbe Son and tbe H ily Ghost be upon every man and woman here.' The ' General ' finishes iu tbe midst of a scene nf hysterical excitement. 