GENERAL NEWS. A meeting of the Insurance Institute of South Australia is to be held at Beach's Rooms to-nitrht. . The annual general meeting of the S.A. Caledonian Society was held at the Widows' Fund Buildings, on Tuesday evening, when Mr. H. Eraser occupied the chair. There was a fair attendance of members. In reply to a communication from the secretary Mr. J. H. Symon, Q.C., wrote stating that he could not accept the honor of the chieftainship for the coming year in consequence of. his many engagements and possible. absence from the colony. The new . rules of the society 'having been approved, the fol lowing officers were elected for the ensuing year:-Mr. Hugh Eraser, chief; Hon. John Darling and Mr. T. W. Fleming, oliieftains; Messrs. J. S. Scott, D. W. Melvin, A. W. Sandford, John Shiels,«A. W. Dobbie, W. T. McLean, and Angus McDonald, directors; Mr. John Wyles, hon. treasurer; Messrs. J. J. Niven and Burgher, auditors; Messrs. Alexan der, McDonald, J. Murray, Irvin, and Harrison, hon. pipers. "The annual social gathering of employes of Messrs. James Marshall & Co. was success fully held in the Albert Hall on Tuesday evening, when the firm was represented by Messrs." W. Taylor, H. T. Fry, J. W. Porter (and the members of their respective families), and F. A. Lakeman. The hall had been tastefully decorated with flowers, shrub3, and traces of greenery and presented an attractive spectacle when viewed from the dais at the eastern end of the build ing. A variety of exhibits of fancy, cabinet, and fretwork, models and specmens of the cullinary art were shown in such a manner as . to readily attract the attention of the spectator, whose encomiums were well merited. Miss Collins obtained first award for an artiscally designed specimen of the. now fashionable "crazywork," Misses Kelly, Miss Mitchell, and Miss Moore also being successful in secur _ ing; prizes in the same department of feminine fancy needlework. Mr. Evans was awarded first prize for two watercolors, scenes on the Aldgate Creek and Hindmarsh River, while Nairne was considered to have shown the most ^xcdlent specimen of drawing of those entered, and MrV JShflston-of fancy cabinets and modelk Mr. Franke .obtained honors for .an excellent specimen of fish scale work,. and Mr. Malraison for a tasteful display of "fretted" brackets. In the fancy pastry department the following prized were awarded:-Pastry, Miss Martin;' cake, Miss Rieger; jam roll, Miss Hynes. Honorable mention-Jellies, Miss Campbell; fancy cake, Misses Phillips and Martion; sponge cake, Misses Wood,: Myers, and Delaney. The judges were-Fancy work, Messrs. H. T. Fry and F. A. Lakeman ^ draw ing, painting,'models cabinets, &c.;, Messrs. W. Taylor and J. Porter; cookery, Mrs. Fry. During the evening the. prizes were distributed by Mrs. Taylor. A promenade concert initiated the' programme of amusements provided. The Canary String Band having contributed selections from Wallace's "Maritana" Mr. W. F. C. Hillary gave the ever-popular ballad "Simon the Cellarer' and Mr. T. C. Palt ridge "A life that lives for thee," both gentlemen being deservedly applauded. " Love's golden dream" was next; ren dered by Miss M. Jolly, Miss Bennett following with "The better land." The succeeding number was "The ' distant shore," in which Miss Melvin was heard to ad vantage. Two ditties of a humorous character by Mr. J. Sharp were duly appreciated, as were the "Canary Waltz" given as a violin solo by Signor Setaro, and a flute solo by Mr. A. Malraison. Mr. A. Walmslay officiated as pianist throughout the. evening. Supper having been partaken of dancing was indulged in till about a quarter pas? 1 o'clock. The success of the evening may fairly be attri buted to the efforts of the committee and the untiring energy of the secretary (Mr. Percy A. Radford), who in the course of the evening took occasion to remark upon the great kind ness which members of the firm had' shown to the committee and their employes generally. On Tuesday evening Mr. F. Hourigan de livered a lecture on "The effects of an in-, creased land tax on tlie workers," in the chess-room of the Hindmarsh Institute. There was a fair attendance, and Mr. W. White pre sided. The draft scheme of federation devised for the trades and labor councils and unions of New Zealand leaves to each individual council, or local union where there is.no: council, full self government in the case of any difficulty, while providing for a definite federation as a inean3 for securing unity of purpose and action on all general matters. The federation is tobeknownas "The Federated Trades and Labor Councils of New Zealand." According to the constitution, the,federation (states the New Zealand Herald) will consist of two representatives from each trades council, or union where there is ho coun cil, who shall meet in conference annually in February, the conference being movable, and the expenses bome pro rata by the federated councils. Delegates are to be paid 12s. 6d. per day, in addition to travelling expenses, whilst engaged on. conference business. The object of the federation is stated to be to'form a deliberative and representative body possessed of a special knowledge of the matters coming under its cognisance, which, by an aggregation of power, can enforce the carrying out of legi timate and necessary reforms, where a single ' council or union might find the task beyond its individual strength. It is provided that the federation is nob to be dissolved so long 'as two councils remain federated, and any ? council seceding shall- forfeit all claim to any nioneyordeseriptionof property beldngirigto the federation. Revenue isprovided by an entrance-' fee of £1 from each union for every 50 members up to 250, a quarterly subscription of nob less than Gd. from each financial male member, and jp,ot less than 3d. per financial female member. Calls or lock-outs in any two centres at one and the same time are to be avoided, and all conciliatory means must be tried to settle disputes without ' resortingr to extreme measures, provided the principle of unionism be' maintained. A reserve fund is to ba established as soon as possible. Any union affiliated to the council, being a branch of any Australasian body, is to be free to act in conjunction with the same upon any question not affecting ttie other unions affiliated to the council. The councils shall not be dissolved so long as two unions remain affiliated, and the seceders are to have no claim to money or pro perty. Among the recommendations are:-1. Th\t every effort be made by the several councils to form trades and labor councils in all towns where two or more unions exist. 2. That the federation endeavor to establish a small uniform entrance fee and rate of contribution; also, an interchange _ of clearance cards, to be accepted by all unions connected with the federation. An optical lantern entertainment will bo given in the Reeliabite Hall, Grote- street, this evening by Mr. E. E. Alcock (district secretary I.Q.R.). The programme will include an adaptation of Dickens's Christmas carol, ." M arley's ghost," illustrated bv, photographic limelight views. 