AMUSING. English as she is spoke at ze country 'ouse.—Lady: "Avez tous trouve voter collar stud, 31- le Baron r" Le Baron : " Mais, oui, inadame; I find 'im on de chest of trowscrs!" The dance for doctors—especially army doctors—The Lancers- The dance for prisoners and prison •trarders—Quod-drill. The dance for huntsmen—The Galop. 'The dances for school masters and mistresses —The "Extras.1' " Don't you admire Itohert Browning as a poet, Mrs. Fitzsnook f " " I used to, once; but everybody admires him now, don'tclier know—so I've laid to give him up!" Magistrate (to old offender): " This makes your twelfth appearance before the public." Prisoner (indignantly): " Twelfth I More like my twelve hundredth. I'm an actor. A dissapointment.—George (about to en joy the first new-laid egg from the recently set-up fowl-house) : " "Why—conf—they've boiled the porcelain nest- egg 1" A good story comes from one of the recent English elections. A plan was formed to frighten to death a certain Tim Casey on his return from market by night past the church yard. As he passed, the usual turnip, white sheet, and lantern of the conventional- ghost were submitted to his gaze with the cus tomary weird howls. Tim, however, looked fixedly at the apparition for a moment, and remarked, " Arrah, now, and is it a general resurrection, or are ye just taking a walk by yerself?"' " Pray, sir," siad the Judge angrily to a blunt old Quaker, from whom no ' direct answer could be obtained, " do you know what we sit here for?" " l'es, verily I do," said the Quaker, "three of you for four dollars each day, and the fat one in the mid dle for 5000 dollars a year. Employer—"Are you not going in the country for a couple * of weeks?" Clerk— "No, sir; it will dome more good to tit hero and see you work, and know you cau't ask me to do anything." Englishman: "Beastly weather, - h'isnt h'it ? " American :" Humph I The only creature that would like this weather is a duck, and a duck isn't a beast; it's a fowl This foul weather." Sir Billion You shall never marry my aughter, sir." Impassioned Suitor: "You, threats do iiot frighten me. I'll marry her or die! "When I once love, sir, no power ou earth can *' Mr Billion: Oh, I'm not proposing to use force! How much cash will it take to buy you off?" . Im passioned Suitor: " Urn—er—how mueh'Il you give? " "I want some game of some sort," he said as he looked around him in a Michican Avenue batcher shop attended by a woman. "Yes, sir—a rabbit? " " Got one a little higb, as the English term it r " " Oh. yes, sir. There's one banging at least twelve feet from the floor. That's as high as they are ever hung, I guess. Two shillings, sir, and I'll warrant you'll find it all right." The following essay ou trees was recently written by a scholar in Standard VI. of a Board School in Chelsea :—" Trees -are very useful. There are all sorts of. trees the cokernut tree and orange apple and plum trees. Coker nuts are very nice people. In the pacific and foreign nations live ou coker nut and man}" other fruits. Apple trees and orange tree are very nice. Their are trees that do not bloom oak trees and hay corn trees and pine apple trees never bloom. Some trees are very tall they stand from the height of 10 to 15 yards high and some are ■ taller than that. Trees are very useful for the wild rabits ■ and hares aud dears. There is no wild beasts in England only in foreign na tions." ' A Highlander, while' on a visit to the south of Scotland, chanced to turn into Mel rose Abbey. The guide, after taking the somewhat unsentimental ' Donald over the ruin, pointed ont the celebrated gargoyle of a pig playing the bagpipes. Instant! v the Gael's face grew dark, and he wrathfully hissed : " Her nainsel' Willi hae pittit up wi' tagoot muckle insult an'' jeerin' frae la Lawlan' fowk. Bit she'll no' care ; she'll pit peety ta want o' eegnorance on til pairt o' ta puir craturs, wbateffer. Bit when she'll perceive ta cran pipes that play ta sweetest mccsie in ta next warld or this pe made to profane ta filthy inooth o' ta fat soo, moreofer, she'll be think that ta Hielan' was neffer so scoffed to ta unclean peastie, if she could sped up at for effennore ! . If she could only speel up, her nainsel' would mak' ta soo, though she pe cuttit out in stone, pe squeal out much louder nor ta pipes could offer' pe made to skirl by ta fery tell hissd' .' She would that, whatever !" 