KITTYKIN, AND THE PART SHE PLAYED IN THE AMERICAN WAR. [By T. N. PAGE, in Harper's Young People.] Kittykin played a part in the war wMch has never been recorded. Her name does not appear in the list of any battle; nor is she mentioned in any history as having saved a life, or as having done anything remarkable.one way or the other. Yet, in fact, she played a most important part; she prevented a battle which was just going to begin, and brought aSoufc a truce , between the smrmish lines of the Union and the Confederate troops near her home, which lasted several weeks, and probably saved many lives. \Kittykin was about five months old when there was a great marching of soldiers back ward and forward"; the tents in the field beyond the woods were taken down and carried away in waggons and there was an immense stir. The army was said to be "moving." There were rumors that the enemy was coming, and that there might be a battle near there. Evelyn, to whom Kittykin belonged, was so young that she did not understand any more of it than Kittykin did; but her mother appeared so troubled that Evelyn knew it was very bad, and became frightened, though she did not know why. Her mammy soon gave her such a gloomy account, that Evelyn readily agreed with her that it was "like torment." As for Kittykin, i if she had been born in a battle, she could nob ! have been more unconcerned. _ In a day or two i it was known that the main body of_ the . army was some little way off on a long ridge, j and that the enemy had taken up its position | on another hill not far distant, and Evelyn's ' home was between them; but there was no battle. Each army began to intrench itself; and in a little while there was a long red bank I stretched across the far edge of the great field j behind the house, which Evelyn was told was " breastworks" for the picket line, and she pointed them out to Kittykin, who. blinked and yawned as if she did not care the least bit if they were. Next morning a small squadron of cavalry came galloping by. A body of the enemy had been seen, and they were going to learn what it meant. In a little while they came back. " The enemy," they said, " were advancing, and there would probably be a skiruiish right there immediately." As they rode by they urged Evelyn's mamma either to leave the house at once or to go down into the basement, where they might be safe from the bullets. Then they galloped on across the field to get the rest of their men, who were in the trenches beyond. Before they reached! there a lot of men appeared on the edge of the wood in front of the house. No one could tell how many they were, but the sun gleamed on their arms, and there was evi dently a good force. At first they were on horseback; but there was a " bop ! bop!" from the trenches in the field behind the house, and they rode back and did not come out any more. Next morning, however, they, too, had dug a trench. These, Evelyn heard some one say, were a picket line. About eleven o'clock they came out into the field, and they seemed to have spread themselves ,out behind a little rise or knoll in front of the house. Mammy's teeth were just chattering, and she went to moaning and saying her prayers as hard as she could, and Evelyn a mamma told her to take Evelyn down into the basement, and she would Bring the baby; so mammy, who had been fol lowing mamma about, seized Evelyn and jjushed with her downstairs, where, although tjhey were quite safe, as the windows were only half above the ground, she fell on her face on the floor, praying as if her last hour had oome. f Bop ! bop!!" went some muskets up behind ifche house. " Bang! bop! bang!" went some bn the.,other side. a Evelyn suddenly remembered Kittykin. *' Where was she?" The last time she had seen her was a half-hour before, when she had been lying curled up on the back steps .fast Asleep jn the sun. Suppose she should be there now, she would certainly be killed, for the back steps ran right out into the yard to as to be .just the place for Kittykin to be phot-. So thought Evelyn. "Bang! bang!" ivent the guns again-somewhere. Evelyn Bragged a chair up to a window and looked. Her heart almost stopped; for there, out in jfclie yard, quite clear of the house, was Kittykin standing some way up the trunk of ft tall locust tree looking curiously around. Per little white body shone like a small patch of .snow against the dark brown bark. Evelyn sprang down from the chair, and forgetting everything, rjished through the entry and out of doors. 1 " Kitty, kitty, kitty !" she called. " Kitty Jrin, come here! You'll be killed! Come jiere, Kittykin!" ' Kittykin, however, was in for a game, and as her little mistress, with her golden hair flying in the breeze, ran toward her she rushed scampering still higher up the tree. Evelyn could see that there were some men scattered out in the fields on either side of her, some of ^hem stooping and some lying down, and as she tan on toward the tree she heard a "bang! ' bang!" on each side, and she saw little puffs of white smoke and something went " zoo-ee-ee" up in the air; but she did not think about her self, she was so frightened for Kittykin. ' "Kitty, kitty ! Come down, Kittykin PEshe called, running up to the tree and 'holding up her arms to her. Kittykin might perhaps nave Eked to come down now, but she could no longer do 'so; she was too high up. She looked down, first over one shoulder and then over the other, but it was too high to jump. She eouldnot turn round, and her head began to swim. She grew so dizzy she was afraid she might fall, so she dug her little sharp daws into the bark and began to cry. Evelyn would have run back to tell her mamma (who, having sent the baby down stairs to mammy, was still busy upstairs try ing to hide some things, and so did not know she.was out in the yard); bub she was so afraid Kittykin might be killed .that she could pot let her get out of her sight. Indeed, she was so absorbed in Kittykin that she forgot all about everything else. She even forgot' all about the soldiers. But though sne did not notice the soldiers it seemed that some of ..them . . had observed her. Just as the. leader of the Confederate picket line was about to give an order to make a dash for the houses in the yard, to his horror he saw a little girl in a white dress and with flying hair suddenly run out into the clear space righti.bet.ween him and the soldiers on the other side, and.stop under a tree just in the line of their fire. His heart jumped into his mouth as he sprang to his feet and waved his hands wildly to call attention, to the child. Then shouting to his men to stop firing he walked out in front of th'e line, and came at , a rapid stride down the slope. _ The others all stood still and almost held their breaths for fear some one would shoot.; but no one did. Evelyn was so busy trying to coax Kittykin down that she did not notice anything until she heard some one call out, "For heaven's sake run into the house, quick!" She looked around and saw the gentleman hurrying toward her. He appeared to be very much excited. ""What on earth are you. doing out here'?" he gasped as he came running up to her. He was a young man with just a little light moustache, and with' a little gold braid on the sleeves of his grey jacket, and though he seemed very much surprised he looked very kind. "I want my Kittykin," said Evelyn,' answering liim and looking up the tree with a little wave of her hand, where Kittykin still clung tight. Somehow she felt at the moment that this gentleman could help her better than any one else. Kittykin, however, apparently thought . differently about it, for she suddenly stopped mewing, and as if she felt it unsafe to be so near a stranger she climbed carefully up until she reached a limb, in the . crotch of which she ensconced herself and peeped curiously over at them with a look of great satisfaction in her face, as much as to say, "Now I'm safe. I'd like to see you get me." The gentleman was stroking Evelyn's hair, and was looking at her very intently when a voice called to him from the other side, "Hello, Johnny ! what's the matter?' Evelyn looked around, and saw another gentleman coming toward them. He was older than the first one, and had on a blue coat, while the first had on a gray one. She knew one was a Confederate and the other was a Yankee, and for a second she was afraid they might shoot each other, but her first friend called out " Her kitten is up the tree. Come ahead!" He came on,, and looked for a second up at kittykin, but he looked at Evelyn really hard, and suddenly stooped down, and putting hiB arm around her drew her up to him. She got over her fear in. a minute. "Kittykin's tip there, and I'm afraid she'll be kilt." She waved her hand up over her head, where Kittykin was taking occasion to put a few more limbs between herself and the enemy. "It's rather a .dangerous place when the boys are out hunting, eh, Johnny ?" He laughed as he stood .up again. "Yes, for as big a fellow as you. You wouldn't stand the ghost of a show." "I guess I'd feel small enough up there." And both gentlemen laughed. By this time the men on both sides began to come up, with their guns over their arms. "Hello! what's upsome of them called out. "Her kitten's up," said the first two; and, to make good their words. Kittykin, not liking so many people below her, shifted her position again, and went up to a fresh limb, from which ' sne again peeped over at them. The men all . gathered around Evelyn, and began to talk to her, and both, she and Kittykin were surprised to hear them joking and laughing together.in the friendliest way. "What are you doing out here?" they asked; and to all she made the same reply, "I want my Kittykin." Suddenly her mamma came out. She had just gone down stairs, and had learned where Evelyn was. The two officers went up and spoke to her, but the men still crowded around Evelyn. " She'll come down," said one. " All you have to do is to let her alone." " No, she won't. She can't come down. It makes her head swim," said Evelyn. " That's true," thought Kittykin up in the tree; and to let them understand it she gave a little "Mew." "I don't see how anything can swim when it's as dry as it is around here," said a fellow in gray. A man in blue handed him his canteen, which he at once accepted, and after surpris ing Evelyn by smelling it-which she knew ' was dreadfully bad manners- turned it up to his lips. She heard the liquid gurgling. As he handed it back to its owner he said, "Yank, I'm mighty glad I didn't shoot you. I might have nit that canteen." At which there was a laugh, and the canteen went around until it was empty. Suddenly Kittykin from her high perch gave a faint "Mew," which said, as plainly as words could say it, that she wanted to get down and could not. Evelyn's big brown eyes filled with tears. "Iwant my Kittikin," she said, her little lip trembling. j Instantly-a dozen men unbuckled their belts, laid their guns on the ground, and pulled off their coats, each one trying to be the first to climb the tree. It was, however, too large for them to reach far enough around to get a good hold on it, so climbing it was found to be far more difficult than it looked to be. " Why don't you cut it down ?' asked some one. But Evelyn cried out that that would kill Kittykin, so the man who suggested it was called a fool by the others. At last it was pro posed that one man should stand against the tree, and another should climb up on his shoulders, when he might g6t his arms far enough around it to work his way up. A stout fellow with a gray jacket on planted himself firmly against the trunk, and one who had taken off a blue jacket climbed up on his shoulders, and might have got up very well if he had not remarked that as the Johnnies had walked over him in the last battle, it was but fair that he should now walk over a Johnny. This joke tickled the man under him so that he slipped away and let him down. At length, however, three or four men got good " holds," and went slowly up one after the other amid such encouraging shouts from their friends on the ground below as " Go it, Yank, the Johnny's almost "got you!" "Look out, Johnny, the Yanks are right behind you!" &c.;, whilst Kittykin gazed down in astonish ment from t;above, and Evelyn looked up breathless from below. With much pulling and kicldng four men finally got up to the lowest limb, after which the climbing was comparatively easy. A new difficulty, how ever, presented itself, Kittykin suddenly took alarm and retreated still higher up among the branches. The higher they climbed after that the higher she climbed, until she was away up on one of the topmost boughs, which was far too slender for any one to follow her. There she turned and looked back with alternate alarm and satisfaction expressed in her countenance. If the men stirred she stood ready to fly; if they kept still she settled down and mewed plaintively. Once or twice as they moved she took fright and looked almost as if about to jump. Evelyn was breathless with excitement. "Don't let her jump," she called, "she will get kilt." The men, too, were anxious to prevent that. They called to her, held out their hands, and coaxed her in every tone by which a kitten is supposed to be influenced. But it was all in vam. No cajoleries, no promises, no threats, were of the least avail. Kittykin was there safe, out of their reach, and there she would remain, sixty feet above the ground. Sud denly she saw that something was occurring ibelow. She saw the men all gather round her little mistress, and could hear her at first refuse to let something be done and then consent. She could not make out what it was, though she strained her ears. She remembered to have heard mammy tell her little mistress once that "curiosity had killed a cat," and she was afraid to think too much about it so high up in the tree. Still when she heard an order given, " Go back and get your blankets," and saw a whole lot of the men go running off into the field on either side, and presently come back with their arms full of blankets, she could not help wondering what they were going to do. They at once began to unroll the blankets an:l hold them open all around the tree until a large circle of the ground was quite hidden. . " Ah!" said Kittykin, "it's a wicked trap !'j and she dug her little claws deep into the bark, and made up her mind that nothing should in duce her to jump. Presently she heard the soldiers in the tree under her call to those on the ground. '' Are you ready ?" And they said, " All right!" "Ah!" said Kittykin, "they cannot get down .either. Serves them right!". But suddenly they all waved their arm£ at her and cried, " Scat!" Goodness! The idea of crying " scat" at a kitten when she is up a tree !-" scat," which fills a kitten's breast with terror ! It was brutal, and then it, was all so unexpected. It came very near making her fall. As it was it set her heart to thumping and bumping against her ribs, like a mar isle in a box. " Ah 1" she thought, "if those brutes below were but mice, ana I had them on the carpet!" So she dug her claws into the bark, which was quite tender up there; and it was well she .did, for she heard>someone call something below that sounded like "Shake !' and before she knew it the man nearest - her. reached vup, and seizing the limb on which she was, screwed up his face, and- Goodness! it nearly shook the teeth out of her. mouth and the eyes out of her head. Shake? shake! shake! it came again, each time nearly .tearing her little claws out of their sockets and-searing her to death. She saw the ground swim far below her, and felt that she would be mashed to death. Shake! shake ! shake: shake! She could not hold out much longer, and she spat down at them. How those brutes below laughed! She formed a desperate resolve. She would get even -with them. " All, if they were but-" Shake! sha-p- With a fierce spit, partly, of rage, partly of fear, Kittykin let go, whirled suddenly, and flung herself on the upturned face of the 'mail next beneath her, from him to the man below him, and finally, digging her little claws deep in his flesh, sprang with a wild leap clear of the-boughs, and shot whizzing out into the air, whilst tne two men, thrown off their guard by the suddenness of the attack, 'loosed their hold, and went crashing down into the forks upon those below. The first thing Evelyn and the men on the ground knew was the crash of- the falling men and the sight of Kittykin coming whizzing down, her little claws clutching -wildly at the air. Before they could see what she was she gave a bounce .like a trap-ball as high as a man's head, and then, as she touched the ground again, shot like a wild sky-rocket hissing across the yard, and, with her tail all crooked to one side, and as big as her body, vanished under, the house. On, such a shout as'there was from the soldiers ! Evelyn heard them yelling as she ran off after Kittykin to see if she wasn't dead. They fairly howled with delight as the men in the tree, -with scratched, faces and torn clothes, came crawling down. They looked very sheepish as they landed among their comrades; but the ques tion whether Kittykin had landed in a blanket or- had hit the solid ground fifty feet out some what relieved them. They all agreed that she had bounced twenty feet. Why Kittykin was not killed outright was a marvel. One of her eyes was a little bunged up, .the claws on three of her feet were loosened, and. for a week she felt as if she had been run through a sausage mill; but she never lost any of her speed. Ever afterward when she saw a soldier she would run for life, and hide as far Jback under the house as she could get, with her eyes shining like two little live coals. '? For some time indeed she lived in perpetual terror, fqr the soldiers of both lines used to come up tq the hpusp, as the friendship they fopned, th!p,t day never was changed, and though .they .remained on the two opposite hills for quite a while they never fired a shot at each other. They ^used instead to rbeet and exchange tobacco and coffee,_ and laugh- over the way Kittykin routed their joint forces in the tree the day of the skirmish. 