5f GENERAL BOOTH.' fi fki- (By Theo.) A'.fJ. ' And pulpit, drum, ccclosiastlck, Waa beat with list instead of a stick. The Salvation Army ia not, as many ?$|' people suppose, a freak of fancy, but a child :K.j of circumstances, which has developed into a :;.y, consummate piece of mechanism, with General jy' Booth as the mainspring and his good wife as the key. How the Army is going to maintain its character for perpetual motion without fit the aid of its official Winder-up, unless the General modernises his machinery and applies the principle of a keyless action, is purely a matter for speculation. This much, ( however, may be assumed : That when Mrs- Booth last applied herself to her important office she succeeded in winding the Generaq up — and, through him, tho Army — for au abnormally long spell, for neither shows any Bign at present of running down. From its inception the Salvation Army has been guided largely by circumstances. How that the organisation has celebrated its 25th birthday the General might reasonably consider the desirability of re-christening his offspring "The Salvation Army of Oppor. tunities and Circumstances." It is character istic of the Army that it never runs its head against a brick wall, but, like a sheep, once it espies be it never so small an opening in the hedge of tho coveted paddock, it is restless until a gap has been made wide enough to force on entrance. Such is mainly the reason why the Salvation Army lias hardly ever knuwn defeat throughout its Quarter of a century of aggressive conflict Repulscs innumerable and apparently over, whelming have been encountered, which have had the effect of driving it from its position, but only and always temporarily, that it might gather strength and return with redoubled force to the onslaught, like the battering-ram of ancient warfaro. " To all attacks and criticisms wo know only one reply: to go right on." Such is a primary marching order to all who fight under tho banner of blood and fire. The commencement of tho Army's propa. ganda in Australia was purely a matter of circumstance. Amongst the congregation who used to assemble in tho Ed inboro' Castle, one of the most notorious public- houses in East London, in 1868, to hear General Booth speak, was a wild profligate milkman, we are told, " who had wandered far from God, but who came broken- hearted one evening to the penitent form, where he sought and found mercy and proved his sincerity by throwing up his situa tion rather than continue to do Sunday work, against which his conscience revolted." In 1879, tho milkman, who had meanwhile by godly living and hard labor raised his family into comfortable circum stances, emigrated to Adelaide, together with a builder who had been converted at one of the Army's meetings in Yorkshire. Finding in Adelaide several other old Army converts they united in establishing a mis sion, and immediately applied to General Booth for officers to be sent out. At the beginning of 1881, Captain Sutherland, " commonly known as Glory Tom," with his wife, were sent to take command. So rapid was the extension of operations that in the following year it was considered advisable to send ont Major, now Colonel Barker, with soveral other officers. After organising the work in South Australia, Major Barker proceeded to Melbourne and unfurled the Army flag on the Collingwood flats, and in the same year Major Sutherland set the ball rolling in Sydney, while Captain, now Colonel Pollard, " a delicate youth of 20,'' with Lieutenant, now Major Wright, of Queensland, aged 19, commenced the attack in New Zealand at Dunedin. Ab evi dencing how readily tho work took root and spread, it is recorded that by the end of the succeeding year, 1884, there were 103 corps working in Australasia, divided as follows : — South Australia 35, New Zealand 23, Victoria 21, New South Wales 21, and Tasmania 3. At the beginning of the present year these numbers had increased to 1184 offi cers and 347 corps. In India the inauguration of the Army was also largely a matter of cir cumstance. Through reading the . 1880 Christmas number of tho War Cry Colonel Tucker, then a magistrate in North-west India, determined to learn what he could regarding tho Army, and having obtained leave of absence went to London, saw all there was to see and finally resigned his Indian civil service commission to serve under tho flag of blood and fire. In August of tho year 1882 he re turned to India with his wife and a few English officers, and planted the standard at Bombay. An East End cabinetmaker is credited with starting the work in the United States ; and so in Sweden, France Switzerland and England tho early history of this strange warfare is united by a chain of circumstances curious or providential, according to the standpoint from which they are viewed. The characteristic features of the Army, eccentric as many of them appear to tho orthodox eye, are no more attributable to eccentricity than tho actual birth of the organisation. They, too, are born of circum stances, matured by experience. Consistent with his calling as a fisher of men, General Booth has been all his life hunting for the proper bait wherewith to tempt tho masses. Hitherto, so far as the methods of most re ligious organisations are concerned, the masses would appear to have seen too much of the hook. Tho General believes it is pos sible to overcome this difficulty by tho simple expedient of varying tho color and character of tho bait, and judging by the results of his angling experiments to date, he certainly deserves to be canouizod as a sort of St. Izaak Walton the Greater and allotted a place of honor on the calendar of saints. Frequent exception is taken to the peculiar custom in the Army of parading erstwhile questionable characters and notorious evildoers as a means of advertising their methods of work. The Army has always taken big risks in this connection ; indeed, the whole character of its work carries with it a much greater percentage of danger from im. position than that of any other sec tion of tho Christian Church. Their tactics aro diametrically opposed to or thodoxy. Orthodoxy says : Watch that man carefully ; ho has been a bad lot and we must not incur any risk by holding him up as a miracle of divine grace. See what re proach would come upon us if ho proved an impostor 1 The Salvation Army says : Loose him from suspicion and let him go free. Give him a fair chance to prove that ho is sincerely a changed man — the roughest diamonds glisten tho brightest when polished — and tho greater tho change is proved to be the greater will be the advertisement for tho work we undertake For General Booth believes in advertising Ho is a worthy successor to Phineas Barnum in that art. The " only soap " and the " only pills " and the " only biscuits " ore not in it when Tho Only General and Tho Only Army are concerned. Initial cap3, if you please, and no inverted commas, General Booth tells, in his early reminiscences, how that at the very outset ho found the ordinary method8 to reach the crowd a failure. People would listen in tho street, but they would not enter a church or chapel. This forced him to adopt the " star theatre company system," and malm his meetings so attractive that the masses would be unable to resist tho tempta tion. His first " company" of converted reprobates hailed from the Midland coun ties— as motley a crew of reclaimed black guards, wo aro assured, as ever mustered on a convict ship or at a gaol delivery — poachers, drunkards, wife-beaters, prize fighters and gaol birds of every degree of infamy were eagerly enlisted, without tho shilling, and widely advertised as "the Halle lujah Band " of converted slummers. Tho remarkable inllucnce and effect produced by these "stars," while it lasted, upon the ivorst and poorest classes of tho community made a great impression on General Booth, " anfi " I never ceased to wonder (ho writos) whether such a work could not be so originated and guided as to make it a power ful force for effectually dealing with tho vast continent of rampant wickedness that I saw around mo everywhere." Tho same ideas led to the renunciation of chapels and churches as tho places of meeting in favor of dancing saloons, old discarded warehouses and factories, stables, skittle- alloys, sheds, penny gafls, low beerhouses and theatres, and by this means some of tho most notorious beer,' lust and gambling dens in England have, by a moral process of evolu tion, developed into respectable, if not elabo rate, Salvation Army barracks. In all this, as in much else, tho Army has laid itself open to serious and Bovero criticism. Tho sensitive have been pained by their crude methods, the supercilious have found in them a target for perpetual sneering, but tho general public liavo probably arrived at the conclusion that while the Army un doubtedly tenders for big risks it also secures large profits and quick returns. In the infant stages of his work General Booth's first idea was simply to get the people saved and then send them along to the churches. But this, he says, he found at tho outset to be impracticable, and for the following reasons : — 1. They would not go when sent; 2. They were not wanted; 3\. We wanted some of them, at least, ourselves to help us in tho business of saving others. Hence the work grew; " but all our methods and agencies and sue. cesses and organisation have grown out of four simple principles with which I believe my heart was inspired in the earliest days of my spiritual life — 1\. Going to the people with the message of salvation : Out of this has grown all our varied open-airoperations, processions, bands, colors, reviews and the like. 2. Attracting tho people : This has originated the varied placards and all other attractive an nouncements. 3. Saving the people: Hence the services for conversion, for holi ness, for consecration, for fiery baptisms of the Holy Ghost, and for heavenly enjoyment. 4\. Our employment of the people : Out of which has grown our varied classes of officers, opportunities for testimony, and the open door and continued encouragement to every man, and every woman, and every child, to use and exercise whatever gifts they may have received from God for assisting Him in subduing and winning this rebellious world to Himself." The history of General Booth is practically the history of tl>e Salvation Army. The General is in his 63rd year, having been born at Nottingham on April 10, 1829. His father was " a remarkable man— proud, ambitious) acquisitive, energetic, with an extraordinary talent for calculation, although almost illiterate." His mother is described as a woman of sympathetic spirit and passionate affection, and withal of such a saintly and blameless life that her son always regarded her as an insurmountable obstacle to his accepting the doctrine of the natural depravity of the human heart. The father was a member of the Church of England) but only nominally, " he belonged to tho Church much as he belonged to the parish and to the county." Young William Booth was brought up in attendance on the ser vices of the Church of England, which at 13, as he explains, " I exchanged of my own choice for what were to me the moro inter esting meetings of the Wesleyan Methodists." Almost before he had entered his teens he was an enthusiastic Chartist, and " if need had arisen would have been disappointed if he could not have shouldered a pike or fired a musket." Methodism und Chartism with him at that time ran on parallel lines of a not particularly narrow gauge. His soul was first fired in the direction of evangelistic effort through the preaching of Rev. James Caughcy, a successful American revivalist who visited England about this time. Wesley Chapel, Nottingham, was the building in which William Booth first preached. At 17 the superintendent minister of this circuit desired to place Booth on his circuit plan as a " local " or lay preacher, but he declined. "My youth was my excuse," he says; "but the secret feeling of my heart was that I could get more souls saved on the rough and ready lines I was then following out than on any other that I could hope at that time to be able to reach. A year later, how ever, I was hooked into tho ordinary rut and put on to serinon-making and preaching, and at 19 I was pressed to pre pare for tho regular ministry." Delay was pleaded for and the subject post poned for a year. Before the year was out a violent controversy arose in the Methodist " society," which, though he - took no part in it, had the effect of cutting offyoung Booth's prospects of entering the ministry and of alienating him from the Wesleyan Church. The next three years were devoted to busi ness. In 1849 William Booth removed to London, where, as he says, " I became im pressed with the idea that I could better serve my generation by preaching in the streets and open spaces of tho crowded city than by the limited opportunities afforded me as a lay preacher. I accordingly wrote to this effect to my superintending minister, the Rev. John Hall, stating at the same time my wish to be continued as an ordinary member of the Connexion. With out any reply to me, written or oral, Mr. Hall, at the succeeding quarterly visitation of the classes, withheld my ticket of member ship, thus cutting me off from all communion with the body." Being denied the right to travel on the Methodist line, William Booth immediately booked for Heaven by another route. This statement of the ease has led to much discussion. In some quarters the Wesleyans are reproached for turning William Bootli adrift ; by way of retort it is urged that the facts of the case aro altogether misrepresented. But it really can matter very little whether young Booth left the Wesleyans voluntarily or at the extremity of the Connexional toe, since in the light of succeeding events it is easy to see — especially for such as tako comfort in believing that "there's a divinity that shapes our ends, rough-hew them how we will " — in all this an opening of the door out of tho Impossible into the Possible. The Salva tion Army could never have flourished within the circumscribed limits of Methodism ; much less would General Booth — a man born to lead, not to follow — have been willing long to exercise his fantastic impatience at the end of a carefully .measured conference tether. Next wo find him joining the Methodist New Connexion as a sort of flying evangelist, in which capacity ho met with astonishing success. Many thousands reported them selves as converted at his meetings in a few months. But his glory in this respect was only short-lived, for by a narrow majority the New Connexion Conference soon decided that Booth should return to re gular circuit work, and, as he put it, " I bowed to authority." Thrco years later, through tho refusal of conference to extend his term at Gateshead in response to a circuit memorial, "I resigned my position in that body and went out from homo and salary, with a delicate wife and four little children under five years of age, leaving almost every friend I had behind me.' Thenceforward commenced the fulfilment of the dream of his life, crudely conceived 15 years previously, when a lad in Nottingham, and which in its bodily form is now known to the world as the Salvation Army. Many photographs of General Booth have at various times been published, somo taken by the instantaneous process, Borne by short-sighted, some by long-sighted operators, very many by caricaturists. Ho has been represented as a tall, hook-nosed man, eager- looking, given to spasmodic jumps and similar antic diversions, with hair and a beard like separate wisps of straw. Ho has been ticketed as a pope, sitting at the receipt of custom and bidding everybody "Do as you're told and don't argufy." There is some excuse for this latter brand. Tho General certainly docs exercise remarkable influence over his soldiers. Like the centurion in the Gospels, he needs but to say " Do this," and straightway it is done ; or to another " Go," and he goeth without a murmur, whether it be to tho ends of the earth at a moment's warning or to make war against a sea of trouble in the depths of slumdom, with Faith as an appetiser and Hope as his reward. Tho great bond of union in the Army, as the General has often pointed out, is not one of authority, but love. " It is an amusing feature of my 'despotism,' " he explains, " when an officer comc3 to consult me about marriage, and to assure mo that ho could not think of anything of the sort without feeling sure of my hearty approval." If General Booth is autocratic his soldiers have mado him such by their rigid obedience and devotion, and despite the incessant and harsh criticisms passed in this respect there is at least one incontrovertible set-off — the Salvation Army has hod fow deserters, and tho General has never yet found it necessary to order any of his elect guards to Bermuda or Timboctoo for mutiny, , mJvKj .t a Again, the General has been heralded as John Wesley up to date, as the George Fox of tho present century, as the latter-day Moses, leading a heterogeneous conglomera tion of saints and sinners by a short out to the Promised Land under the shadow of his big umbrella. He has been stigmatised as a record-breaking impostor of the philanthro pic school and utterly unworthy of public confidence. In the early days it used to be said, and the story has not yet lost currency,'" that he lived on other people's money, and that by-and-byo ho would gather it all toge ther and "clear." Well, ho has not cleared yet. Indeed, it is difficult to imagine where he could possibly olear to with any show of success, unless he followed Jonah into the bosom of the whale, where money would bo of little use and might prove an inconvenience. General Booth's physiognomy would betray him anywhere ; while, moreover, his organi sation has taken such wide-spread root that any part of tho world to him must bo home. Lord Wolseley's silhouette, outlining him as a born general, is probably tho safest esti mate. Without doubt he is a natural leader of men, a perfect organiser and a clever stra tegist, aud judged by Napoleon's standard of fitness, that nose of his stamps him as a man who would gain high rank in any army, mili tant or triumphant. v The Salvation Army owes quite as much to Mrs. Booth as to the General. She was at once the General's guide, philosopher and friend, his inspiration, his restraining in fluence. Very really was she the mother of the Army. " On the same day that I left business for the/ministry," tho General relates, " I met the one whom I have had the privilege since to call my wife, and we were one in heart, soul and purpose from that very night. There may be unions as thorough and perfect as ours has been, but not very many, so far as my observation has goue." Mrs. Booth was an orator. Strictly speaking. General Booth is not. Rich in wit and vigorous in sally he may be, but these are not oratory. It is a peculiar co incidence that in the Booth family the girls are clever speakers while the boys are duffers. With the sons, as with the father, administration and organisation are their strong points. To this fact is doubtless due tho prominent position assigned to women in the work of the Army. The Salvation Army lias done much to assert the public as well as the private rights of women, and if the Booth girls are a fair criterion of women's capabilities in tho direction of public affairs> it can hardly bo questioned that a House of Ladies would be immeasurably superior to a House of Lords. General Booth's theology is quite a simple matter. The wayfaring man, though a fool, need not err therein. It is emblazoned on every Army banner and protrudes itself on every soldier's uniform. Its attributes are Blood and Fire — tho Blood of Calvary's atonement and tho Fire of Pentecost. Theo logical niceties of expression, Buch as Shool Hades or Paradise, do not appear in the Army dictionary ; nor do they employ a mincing-machine. With them it is Heaven for the saved and Hell for the lost, though it docs not follow, as has been suggested, that like all people who honestly believe in a' hell, they neither indulge in the morning paper nor join a cir culating library ! The orthodox Christian ordinances receive scant recognition, and the General often has his coach bailed up for refusing to insist on the observance of such primary ordinances as baptism and the Lord's Supper. The only ordinance for which liberal provision is made in the Army regulations is " knee drill," and in this con nection General Booth is evidently at one with Mr. Spurgeon in contending that " on his knees the believer is invincible." Beyond all else General Booth is intensely practical. Ho is no sentimentalist. He harbors not the delusion that " they also serve who only stand and wait." He is a man of action and progress. He would rather be ahead of the time3 than behind them ; generally he manages to keep well abreast. His practical nature is well illustrated in his dealings with a wealthy stockbroker in London, who, casually entering the Army barracks one Sunday, was so impressed that he straight way sought the General, and expressed his intention of casting his lot with the Army. " You must show us that you are in earnest,'1 replied the General. " What shall I do to satisfy you?" "Go down to the Stock Exchange to- morrow in tho Army dress. Then we will believe that you are in earnest.'1 The story says that he went. In this sense at any rate the Army is perfectly scriptural — First take up your cross and then follow us But it is not only in himself that the Genera is practical. He is careful to surround him self with practical officers— men and women who have been through the mill. There are no commissions for sale in the Salvation Army ; all are fighting commissions. Sixteen years ago Commissioner Coombs was " a thoroughly practised quoit, skittle and card player anil gambler" in tho town of Welling- boro' (Eng.), but the Army was the means of his being converted, soon ho becamo notorious as "Happy Tom," and to-day he is chief of tho staff in Australia. Colonel Nicol, who is accompanying General Booth on his present- tour, is another case in point of men who have fought their way to the front in the Army war fare. The religion of the Army in its essence is also practifcal. " God has given mo a double-barrelled salvation," says General Booth, " one for myself and one for my neighbor." In this the General's salvation is no different to anybody else's. We all believe in a religion for ourselves and our neighbors, though wo don't always impartially load both barrels with tho same kind of ammunition. Will it be too much of a surprise to assert that the General has a pronounced taste for music, and that he is doing his best to in culcate his soldiers with tho same ? A classical taste, too, closely akin to the Wag nerian school, and presumably that is the most classical, or shall we say clashical 1 Tho General has most certainly, too, an eye for tho artistic— not that he could be prevailed upon to preach a sermon from that most msthetic of texts, "Art for Art's sake," but moro in tho sense of "Art for Heart's sake." The commercial side of the Army is with many an open sore. People who wink at church .bazaars, raffles and lotteries, or gigantic swindles perpetrated in the name of common philanthropy wag their tongues till they ache in condemnation of the trade department of the Salvation Army, though it is difficult to see in it any other than a legitimate means of raising a fighting revenue. Every religious organisation has its special lines of goods for sale in tho shape of stationery, literature and church milli nery, the only difference between these and tho Army being that tho latter does the biggest business. Tho War Cry alone is a valuable property, besides being a unique production. Without tho fortifying aid of advertisements or the stimulus of serial fairy tales, it has reached in a fow years a weekly circulation of 850,000 copies, comprising 24 editions published in 16 languages. Tho total circulation of the Army's periodical publications exceeds a million copies. The combined business operations of the Army last year produced an income of £149,373, 19s 3d, with a net profit of £12,838 15s 4d. Tho bond of sympathy between the Salva tion Army and tho orthodox Churches is hardly as warm as Worcester sauce. Each takes an opposite side of the street, anda3 they pass along, casting sly glances at each other out of tho corners of their eyes, Orthodoxy's nose is not infrequently turned up higher thau discretion suggests, while the man in tho jersey is chuckling to himself with tho air of a staunch believer in tho well-worn saw, " Let those laugh who win." At times an ill-advised bitterness finds expression in the rauks of tho Army against " straight- laced" Orthodoxy, and then Orthodoxy cries aloud for respectable treatment. Otherwise the mode of procedure on either hand is stolid indifference. It is easy, perhaps, to realise how this mutual feeling of coldness originated, but it is not easy to understand why it should continue. Each pursues a different path, and there is no reason why they should coma into collision. General Booth may be right in cherishing tho notion that the masses prefer to travel to Heaven in e/ithird-class "carriage ; but it is foolish to refuse to recognise that there arc largo num bers who will only ride first-class, and so long as the destination is reached and each chooses his own stylo of conveyance there ought to bo no cause for grumbling in the fact that the rules of the road vary or that , the officials wear different uniforms, or be cause the big drum and trombone are not as legitimate baggage as the " box o' whistles." Regarding the General's mammoth schemes for tho future, it is needless to say anything. He has come to speak of them for himself. In any case they are only yet within the range of speculation, but they prove at least that General Booth recognises with Russell Lowell that Kow occasions teacli new duties, Time makes ancient good uncouth. What tho Salvation Army is all the world knows; what, in view of all these daring propositions, it will be, who can tell ? 