THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) PROGRESSION, OUR RIGHTS, AND OUR RESOURCES. SANDHURST, SATURDAY, JAN. 31, 1891. THE COUNTRY FIRE BOARD. The regulations for conducting tho elections of the Metropolitan and tho Country Fire Boards have been issued, and there ¡ire several noticeable features in thoni. With regard to the election of tho Country Board, which more immediately concerns this dis trjot, there are throe electing parties, namely, tho munipijjal counqils; tho insur-. ance companies and tho liro b'ripaclesj each party returning two members on tho board, but there is a differonco in tho modo of election in each case. The municipal coun cils record their votes by circular to the Minister, who declares which candidates have been elected. There is a simplicity and an inexpenaiyeiiess about this mode—a penny stamp boing sufficient—which lias strong regorntpendations. On tho other hand oach insurance' ¡¿or,;p£ny has to send its chief oflicer, whoso name haa pr^jjnnsly been for warded to tho secretary of the L'iro insur ance Companios'Brigades Association, to vote, in C",se of a poll, at iho office of the associa tion, and as il).o ,&l;¡iof pílfcera mostly, if not all, resido in SJ.olboui'np or ¡ta the oxponso of the election v.'pl bp trifling that of tramcar ride at tho most to the polling booth. It is, however, ontiroly different with tho country fire brigades. In cas? of a poll a representative from each brigade a"!j' aqflssl with a certificate signed by the chairman and secretary of tho meot ¿¡rig anointing him, and which ho presents to tho' 'returning bjjioov bP¡'of¿ yothi;,' an a guaranteo of his .identity J)i;s fp travel to Melbourno or buoIi other plrioe fiu tho Minister may from timo to time appoint. It is thus evident that in connoction with $9 pleption of the fire brigades' representa» tives, i\ very considerable amount of outlay j muRt be incurred in railway fares and other travelling expenses, which of course has to come out of the country taxpayers pockets. For what reason thÍ3 outlay is considered necessary is not very plain.. It is thought good enough for Municipal Councils to vote by circular. Why is that mode of voting not considered good enough for the fire brigades 1 Or there is another way of looking at it, a trip to Melbourne at some body else's expense may be very enjoyable, but, why should firemen and not councillors have that privilege ? If it is unnecessary for the municipal councils to send' repre sentatives to vote in Melbourne it is equally unnecessary for the fire brigades to do so. The cost of the new fire brigade system will be quite heavy enough without this burden. There íb another novel distinction made in the olection of the several bodies. The municipal bodies forward their voting papers to the Minister, who counts the votes and declares the candidates elected. No scruti neers are required to check the record. The Minuter, as a Scotchman would say, u does it a' hirasel'." If a mistake is made there Í3 none to tell the tale. Probably it is assumed that Ministers never make mistakes. The fire brigades do not deal directly with the Minister, but, are handed over to a returning-officer—Mr. W. A. Callaway, of the Chief Secretary's office. The voting is to be by ballot, but there is no mention' of scrutineers, the returning-officer apparently like the Minister, being above suspicion, as he is to count the votes, and report the result to the Minister. There would, of course, be little necessity for scrutineers, if the names of the councils and brigades and the men they voted for were published in the "Government Gazette." Such an inti mation, in any case would,. no doubt, be satisfactory to these bodies and the public. The insurance companies are left pretty well to their own devices in the election. The poll in their caso is taken by their own secretary, at their own office, and eac'. candidate can appoint scrutineers, so that mistakes, if made, are pretty sure to be corrected. It will be noted that the firemen in the Metropolitan district have no votes, and consequently no representative on the Board, while the country brigades have bohs. Why this invidious distinction? Is it that the Metropolitan Councils would not stand , having their finances dealt with by the fire men who may be wholly or in part paid men1! It does seem remarkable that while the Melbourne councils are free to deal with the brigades the country councils should be to a large extent under the domination of fire men who will also be wholly or partly paid, who are not responsible fnr tiuding the ways and means, and whcse'interest it is to have as large a eiim expanded on brigades as possible. .• This, in the face of the strenuous exertions made by these brigades tu rule the roost in the country board, will probably cause an amendment of oho Act at the first opportunity. Eight Pages.—Our issue of this morning conBists of eight pages. The Tramways.—The preliminary steps are be¡Dg taken to form a new company to take over the assets and liabilities of the present Sandhurst and Eaglehawk Tramway Company, and to proceed with the construction of the overhead system. The prospectus will be issued next week. It is stated that a number of shareB in the new company have already been applied for. Minino Accident.—Yesterday a miner named Benjamin Charles, a resident of Lilac street, employed tributing in the North John son's Company's mine met with a very serious accident. He was working down mulloch in the stupes when a large piece of stone struck him on the left side of the head inflicting a severe scalp wound and causing slight concussion of the brain. Dr. Atkinson, who attended the sufferer, states that no serious consequences are expected. The Pig Sales.—Yesterday the City Coun cil renewed the license of Messrs. L. Macpher son, Sternberg and Co. empowering them to sell pigs at their Charins? Cros3 yards , for the ensu ing twelve months. Cr. O'Neill was the single oppositionist in the council. An extended re port appears elsewhere. j The Coohtry Fire Brigades' Board.-—An I effort is being mads to secure the election of the mayors of Sandhurst and Ballarat as members of the Country Fire Brigades' Board in prefer ence to gentlemen directly connected with fire brigades. The Mayor of Sandhurst and the Mayor of Ballarat will be nominated by the Sandhurst council, and the council's in each district wijl be invited to throw in their in fluence. Alleged Scandal.—An interesting case of alleged scandal, affecting the licensee of the Crusoe Inn, Wm.- A. Parker, and a domestic servant in his employ named Emma Barnes, was investigated at the adjourned sitting of the annual Licensing Court yesterday. A full report is given in another column. An Hotel Broker and his Client,—At the next sitting of the County Court a case will iti all probability be brought against an hotel broker named Bennetts, well known in this as well as other parts of the colony, by a man named Thomas M'Vicker for the recovery of L250, It seems that M'Vicker recently pur chased the right from Bennetts to go into the Sydenham Gardens Hotel. He deposited L100 to bind the agreement, but on coming to Sand hurst he found that the property was in' the hands of the official assigueo, the former liconsee having become insolvent. Yesterday at the adjourned annual' Licensing Court M'Vicker declioed to go on with an application which had been lodged for the transfer of the license to him from the official assignee. Mr. Hyett, representing the official assignee, was present, and offered the license of the hotel to M'Vicker, but Mr. Kirby, who appeared for him, stated that his client would have nothing more to do with the hotel. He also informed the court that there was a case pending against Bennett. Hearing this, Mr. Hyett gave Mr. Kirby to understand that a substantial " set off" would be filed. The action will be for the recovery of the deposit arid L150 damages for breach of agreement. The AocidenV to Mr. D. Hayes.— In a paragraph which appeared in these columns last Saturday it was Btated that Mr. 1). Hayes, who met with a severe accident a few weeks ago in the Calivil State Forest, had since been under the care of Dr. Burke Gaffney. We learn that during the period which intervened between the accident and Mr Hayes' removal to the hospital, Dr. H Deravio, of Mitiamo, was in atteudanoe on him daily, and that Dr. Burke Gaffney was callod in for the purpose of consultation. We" tnontion this in justice to Dr. Deravin, who was unremitting in his attentions. An old offender named Catherine Dowsey was locked up by Constable Yelland about twelve o'clock yesterday for being drunk and disorderly and using indecent language iu Mclvor-street. She will be brought before the city bench this morning. Vagrancy.—An old man named Chas. Gray was tak¿)j into custody yesterday as a vagrant, He was soliciting alms at Golden square and was arrested by .Senior- constable Roche. The accused was before the court on Wednesday on a charge of drunkenness. Insulting Behavior.—Last evening a young man named John Fuller was locked up on a charge of insulting behavior. " Abov,t 'n.nu o'clock hg Wfto'f-iihtiog iu i'all Mali iibd w.-.a ayrcBtiid by "poifeta'blc :J\okenbrook. Subse quently an'other ' i'diing man named John Fitfgeraldi'^'as locked up by Constable Mullens for similar coqduct'jn M'Jvnr-sfrPPt: The Premie» Perjíaki-,nt Bdií.iiinú Süüie?v ie again in oWdcnae, Within the last day or two (saya our Melbourne correspondent) ovor 3,000 shareholders have received notification to sottle up tines and arrears by the 10ch Febrrary. This baa fallen like a bomb shell among them, as they had no idea that tliev would be called upon to pay anything from the time of the collapse of the society. Previous to this it had not been the custom to impose fines for arrears of payment except under «xtraordinary.uircum stances, and from the time of the collapse of the society in December up to the 3rd February toiiowiü¿', ".viten Colonel Templeton was ap pointed liquidator, (he i/reat bulk of the inves tors declined to pay ¡Voy n.ürc eo.'.tribiHjonj." The amount involved js bélió'ved t'o fap upwards of L20,Q00, but probably it will be found to ypry largely e;:cpci] that sipji. T>ur}ng thp past two days the oiticea pi the society have been thronged with e^ger inquirers who wish to know the why and wherefore of the demand, but Colonel Templeton being absent in New Zealand, no satisfactory answer could be given further than that duty requires it and the law demands it. Some of the investors discover that they are called upon to pay as much as L1G0 rr.oro than they thought they owed. i City Dkitm ¿ni» Fn/i-; Ban;].—TMy. l>and which hp pitea doiiglijeq (jip a ñ cf y/í a i" Ci i t i i;én s •Jyjtfj ft j pit fine !'j)%|!Íg, p'qi^'osp goiflg fato Ve'g»W"]iraciicP \Htll UlP object 0? trtUliijj liilVt in oonneotloll with tlio (jiildau-aqmu'o Fire Brigade at the Easter Fair procession. A meeting of members io called for Tuesday even ing. Sandhurst Cemetery.—A meeting of the trusties Km!: placea: the Town Hull ycstsrday. Present—Ti.u mayor (Cr. Hotkius) and Crs. O'Neill, Bailes, Harkness ami Hayes. In ac cordance with the decision uf the trustees oil the occasion of their recent visit of inspection to the cemetery, the sexton was authorised to carry out the requisite channelling in the new part of the Presbyterian ground. It was also decided that the asphalting ot the footpaths in the Catholic and Wesleyan grounds be dune by Mr. A. Day, at the council's schedule prices. It is expected that this work will cost about £50. Various other works, such as re gravel ling the walks, etc., will also be gone on with shortly. The meeting then adjourned. The Elmore Urban Water Trüst.—The long-expected and exciting election of three persons to act in conjunction with the Huntly shire councillors as commissioners of the Elmore Urban Water Works Trust took place on Thursday and resulted as follows :—William John Long, 4G; S. H. Farrall, 42; Henry Cotton, 40; H. M'D. Anderson, 27; James Keeps, 18; Robert Dick, 7. Mr. J. Pook acted as returning officer, and was accorded a vote of thanks on the motion of Mr. Farrall, seconded by Mr. Cotton. Annual Licensing Coürt.—The adjourned 1 sitting of this court was held yesterday, before His Honor Judge Hamilton and Messrs Patterson and Greene, P.Ms. James Fawns, brewer, applied, through Mr. E. W. Kirby, for a license for the Limerick Castle Hotel, Wil liamson-sireet. Mr. Kirby stated that tho j applicant was the executor in the estate of the late James Taylor. In answer to Inspector ' O'Flaherty Mr, Fawns said that it was not his intention to reside in the hotel, and carry on the business, but he proposed to appoint a person to act for him. Inspector O Flaherty pointed out that the law would not allow of this being done, whereupon Mr. Kirby stated that he intended to ask the court to allow the applicant to be absent from the hotel for 2S days, as he was unwell, and was going away. If this were done a further application could be made to the court, tu be held on the 4th March. The house was at y resent closed, and the application was made for the purpose of re- opening it. His Honor remarked that the case was adjourned at the last annual court, to give Mr. Fawns an oppor tunity of obtaining a suitable person as a tenant. Mr. ICirby replied that a tenant was obtained, but at the last moment he refused to take the license. On the suggestion of Inspector O'Flaherty, the court granted the license on tho condition that the hotel should not be opened until a tenant be obtained. The following transfers were granted :—Nancy Williams, Far riers' Arms Hotel,to Robt. Duddrell; J. M&lone;, Lake Weeroona Hotel, to Ann Roonan; Wini fred Cousins, Farmers' Hotel, Kangaroo Flat, to Patrick Meighan; Mary T. Rael, Lyceum Hotel, to Wm. Longstaff; and Edward Hunter, Union Hotel, Golden-square, to Sarah Bewry. A renewal of the license- of the Criterion Hotel, Woodstock, was granted to H. Johnson. The application of Thos. M'Vicker for a trans fer of the license of the Sydenham Gardens Hotel, was the only other case on the list. - Mr. Hyett stated that he appeared for the.'íScür assignee to whom a license had ti'eh' issued for the house, but he nr-isrstuo'd that the transferee now declined '.o go on with his application. Mr. Kirby that it was a case in which a person named Bennet, of whom the court had no doubt hoard, was concerned. (His Honor : We have heard of him.) Bennett sold the license to M'Vicker, but when the latter oame to Sand hurst he fonnd out that Bennett had nothing to do with the house. M'Vicker therefore now declined to have anything to do with the hotel. The application was struck out, and the court adjourned line die. St. Patrick's Sports Committee.—The executive committee met at the Palace last night; Mr. Kirby in the chair. Correspond ence was received from the City Council, grant ing use of Show Grounds, A subcommittee, was appointed to waiton theassociated banks, re closing on St. Patrick's Day. It was decided to write, soliciting the patronage ofthelH. A.C.B.S. It was agreed that right of booths, gates, and sale of sports programme be sold by public auction at the Victoria Hotel at 3 p.m. to-day. Various sub committees were appointed, and the meeting closed. In the list of officials for sports published last week, thename of Dr J. C. M'Kee, of Eiglehawk, was accidentally omitted. He was added to the committee, and appointed j judge for footracing. The programme of events published in our advertising columns includes a Sheffield Handicap of L25; Professional Bicycle Race, LIS; 880 yards handicap and 440 yards handicap, L10 each; and Hurdle Race,Firemen's Race, danciug, tug-of-war, high jump, . etc. Entries close on the 2Sth pi ox. Handicaps will be declared on the 7th March and acceptances close on the 14th. Cavalry.—We have been requested to state that there are still six or eight vacancies in the cavalry. Those desirous of joining should apply immediately at the Orderly-rooms, View-street. St. Padl's Chdrch.—The annual meeting of parishioners of St. Paul's Church, Sandhurst, was held in the schoolroom on Wednesday evening, 2Sth January, for tho purpose of hearing the annqal statement of accounts, electing church wardens, vestrymen, paroohial nominators and auditors for 1S91. The Venerable Archdeacon MacCullagh presided. He called on the treasurer, Mr. Powell, toread the report and balance-sheet for 1S90, showing the receipts for the year to have been £1,379 13a 2J, and the expenditure £1,282 13s Id, leaving a credit balance of £97 0s Id. During the year the debt of the church has been reduced by £442 lis 4d, the amount still owing being £2,065. The archdeacon nominuted Mr. A. Bush as his churchwarden. Messrs. Carwar dine and Budds were elected churchwardens by the congregation. The archdeacon then nomi nated Messrs. Emery, Faul and Powell as his vestrymen. Messrs. Durham, Qrattan, J. II. Hoskins, H^rwoodi Ifcin, H. Jaokson, Rob- i shaw. A■ Roberts, jun,, and R. Williamson wero eleoted vostrymen by the congregation. Messrs. Bush, Faul, and Powell were ap pointed nominators for 1891. Messrs. W. G. Blackham and J. D. Crofts wereelectedauditors. ¡ Votes of thanks were passed to all the retiring officers. A special vote of thanks was passed to the organist, Mr. A. M. Perkin, and the choir for extra services during the year, also to Mr. W. G. Blackham, auditor. Before the meeting closed a letter was read from the Arch deacon, stating that he had obtained 12 months leave of absence, and that he had made all arrangements with the Rov. W. Hancock, B.A., now at Christ's Church, St. Kilda, to take his place during his absence. The meeting ex pressed themselves as sorry to part with him for 12 months, but knowing a long rest is really necessary, was highly pleased with the arrange ments made by the Archdeacon. Several gentle men spoke very highly of the Rev. Mr. Hancock. The Rev. J. M'T. IJvkns (á^és «ver all the country districts, and expects his health to be better with 'the travelling all over the archdeaconry. The Rev. Mr, Hano;>«k com mences his duties on tho 1st March, aud the Archdeacon sails for England near the end of March. G.U.0.0 F.—The annnal meeting of theBen digo district, G.U.O.O.F., was held at the Park Hotel, Eaglehawk, on Wednesday last. All the officers and delegates were present; D,M,, Bro. John Praed, in the chair. Tho Ü -M, road the officers' report, auditors' report, and balance-sheet for tho past year. I he officers reported that good progress had been made in the lodges during the year. Tho balance-sheet showed that L190 had been paid aa funeral donations, leaving a Cr. balanco of L943 4s 4d. The election of officers resulted as follows :— D.M., Bros. William Stephens; D.D.M., Robt. Murdoch; D. treasurer, Henry Seymour (re elected); D. secretary, John J. Bowen (re-elected for the 20th time. A cordial vote of thanks was accorded to the retirme officers, and it waa unanimously resolved that the retiring D.M. Bro. John Praed, be presented with an illumi nated plate as a mark of esteem and regard, and recognition of the efficient manner in which he had conducted the business of the district during his term of office. It was resolved iLj'the meetings for the ensuing ye-r Va held at tho Court-house hotel, S^iulrii. Tho business of the meet^j' <\twiu¿ been disposed of a pleasant nour'was spent in harinouy, songs being given by Bros. Praed, Dempster, Murdoch, O'Neil and Barlow. * The Railway Commission's;.—The seven yews' term of nftep „f i^'tVichd. X%d,who was impumtpd a railway commissioner about a month after Mr. Speight; expires to-day (states thu '■ Argtis ) and a good deal of curiosity has been ovinuod as to what the Governinont intend to do in the matter, in uonseqnonco of statements having gone forth tiiat Mr. Ford was not to be re-appomted. On Thursday Mr. Ford received a communication from the Minister of Railways stating that the Government never had anv other intention than to re-appoint him and that they would be pleased if he would' now accept the offer for re- appointment, . lord has accepted the offer, and \V i¡hieia states that the appointment will be uvuktv the bovernor.in-ComH.nl " tincar, the Railway Cauv inissjor^rn'4ct._"- J*o term af years is i«r-ntfan«l in tue oucr, aim it is understood that Mr Ford Will he re-appointed, us MSpeight has been ior ail indefinito period-that is,that ho can only be removal by i'arliamont,as provided hv the Act. 'Ihe terni of oiüceof Mr, Greuno, tho third com missioner,does not oxpiro till 1S93, he havine been appointed to tho vacauey caused by tin. I death of Mr. The Dangers of Vaccin'ATTOs*.— \ nac has been circulated by Mr. W. Tcbb vM- Vint; of the London Society for tho Abollof¿wn pulsory \ aecnatim.. uuojj increase of l.ej,rpay, Us c-Xups and prevention,v ftoWew jrH ,)? WiVlwsG tho dtucase (says the 'stMoi Uua hi ludia, Burmah the WcsUntUM, the Gmanas, South America! the yaiidwich Islands, Russia, Portugal, and Syria, leprosy is much more prevalent than it use;; u be, and that in many of the colcniM ú?¿\wi\ro allowed ft) Ixczl; t'tfft'5ÍQ}nÍÍí\tion. The Wm. $ attributed to; coutagipü, insanitary living, the use of fish diet, heredity» and [inoculation, but upon the last of these only, Mr. Tebb says, is there any concensus of opinion. Several well authenticated cases are mentioned where leprosy has been com municeted by inoculation, and upon this basis the theory fs advanced that vaccination 13 largerly responsible for the spread of the disease. Mr. Tebb urged that the law enforcing vaccination should in all leprous countries be abolished. City Police Court.—The mayor and Mr. Sternberg, J's.P., adjudicated yesterday. Eliza beth Fenton was brought up for drunkenness and also for using indecent lauguage at the railway station on the previous evening. Senior-constable English proved the offences, and the accused was fined 5s and 2s Gd costs or 24 hours' imprisonment for drunkenness, and £2 or 14 days for using bad language. The fines were paid. One lunatic was discharged, and the court adjourned. Mining ok I'm vate Property".—In connec tion with HitchG and Aitcheson'a applica tion for a lease of 400 acres of private property upon the supposed trend of the late gold dis covery at Lai Lnl, iu the direction of Egerton a conference between the shareholders and the owners of the land (say the "Age") has resulted iu the former agreeing to give 4 per cent, of the. for actual gold as royalty, and £20 per acre grass yiéld ot surface damages. The owners, iu return, give full consent to the lease being issued. Charles Dickens in a New Role.—When the senior-constable in the City Court yesterday morning reached No. 21 on the list, and cried out the celebrated name of Charles Dickens, there was quite a flatter of excitement (states the "Standard") within the old walls. Every body sat up and looked at everybody else in mute astonishment, as if they fully expected to witness the ghost of the great novelist rise through the floor and confront the law in all the majesty of a full, bench of honoiary justices. Charles Dickens! Who could hear that name uttered in the unholy precincts of a police court and sit unmoved ? Then there was a moment of attention as we all waited to hear what the immurtal Dickens was charged with. " Insulting behaviour," said the constable. Charles Dickens for insulting behaviour. Who would believe it? The door, opened, and in stepped the owner of the famous naine. Not a bad looking fellow either. He was well dressed, and evi dently not an ordinary street hustler. His left hand was tied up as if badly injured by coming into contact with somebody's countenance in a moment of mental excitement. ' Constable Spillan-- °ntered the box to tell us what he knew oi ohe accused. His story was brief. About three o'clock on the 27th lie arrested biin in front of the Opera House fighting with another man. . There was a crowd round them of about 100. His Worship: Who was the aggressor? Witness: Charles Dickens was not the aggressor so far as I eo;i'Id learn. In fact, your worship, I believe he was acting as peace maker when he got into trouble.. 37ie Bench (astonished) : As peace mi>k'7i-. Witness : It was this waj, the two men were fighting, and the accused went up to Separate them. Then one of the combatants desisted, but immediately turned round and at tacked the accused, who forthwith proceeded to defend himself. The Bench ; Then what became of the other two ? They constable said they had made good their escape. One of their Worships (with a smile; : Of course somebody had to be arrested. The constable bowed an acquiescence. Mr. Nicholson : Did he obstruct you in any way ? The Constable : Not in any way. The accused was discharged. Akkived.—New quarterly Family Reader, Is 5d; Boys'and Girls'Own Papers, Something to Read, London Journal (9d), Australian Jour nal for February. Barkcr'a Book and Music Arcade, View-street.—[Advt.] . ** Illustrated Australian News " f :r February is to hand. The front «ketch—a capital una—is that of St. Paul's Cathedril, while other pictures re present variou'scenes in connection with ina re cent opening. "A Wayside Camp," "The Devil's Boot", Nelson Province, New Zealand, "Going to a Fire," sketches of the Quaranbul Station and other pictures all go to make the number an interesting one. The schoolboys' competition and the distribu tion of prizes will take plao in the Sandhurst Gymnasium on Monday next, at 8 p.m. At the Congregational Church to morrow, Mr. George Terry, late student of one of the Congre gational College*, England, will preach. Subject in the morning, "The Solution of Poverty and Why," and in the evening on * Immortality." A meeting of the Oddfellows' excursion com mittee was held last evening. Mr. M'Caun was in the chair. It was decided to ask the Railway department to ruu a train via Heathcote, as a large support ha3 been offered by the Heathcote residents if the committee would get the train. The secretary stated that ho had made complete arrangements for the cumfort of excursionists On Saturday evening next, at eigho o'clock, a imblic meeting will bs held in the Drummartin State school to arrange for the holding of the Kamarooka and Minto annual sports. The M.U.I 0.0 F. exoursion to Mflbouriiü ."\nd around the bay in the Onone takes place on Tues day, 24th prox., the tickets, which are being issued at law rates, being available for three weeks, A meeting of the railway traffic employes will be held in the Masonic Hall, at eleven o'clock to morrow mornin?, for the purpose of forming a bianch of the Victorian Railway Traffic Employes Union. v Miss Button, Hargreaves-street, resumes tuition on the piano on Monday, The Preparatory Grammar School, Maaedon House, Short-street, re-opens on Monday, ' Mr. and Mrs. Oliphant will be in attendance at the High school on Monday to sea pareuts and enrol new pupils. The school opens on Tueiday. Mr. G. H. Freeman, of Sc. ¡'Andrew's College desires us tq intimate that he has been fortunate in securing the aervioes of Mr. O. Krome, B.A., a University graduate of high quaüficitions. He is a teacher of seven years' experience, the list fixed portion he held being that of vice-principal Dale College, Cape Colony, and was recommended te Mr. Freeman by several of the most respected and oldeRt professional men in Sandhurst. Mr. Krome will be associated with Mr. Fieeman in the evening classes held at the college, and has had long ex perience in preparation of matricula'ion, stents' The members of all church and temperance choirs interested in Mr R chard Coad'a missiou are requested to meet at the Temnerance Hall on Monday evening at 8 o'clock. Mr. Robshaw, atationer, Mitchell-street, begs to notify by advertisement that he has received Read1""" 'ilvision of the qu'Art"ly " Family On reference to our advertising coiumns it will be observed that Mr. E. Conlen, the well-knot™ caterer of Híirgre < ves-street, has inadfl aojns wonderful reductions in the pries econes. buns etc * Mr. A. H. Pool, whft hw Von for a consider ab e time wirti % Wholesale Qlothing Company, ^ i • transfer ht9 services to the establishment r.f tha London and American •Utfanng Oompiny in Mitchell-s'reec, where uaoked up by a 9tock of the choicest materials his well-known ability as a cutter, should ensure him a large measure of puLlic support. Athalf-past three o'clock this afterno^- "„r R. O'Neill and Co. wiil sell a com' rs in Miller-stree\ at the T instructions from Mr. V, X 'r»,,!?. 1 under 0'Neiu"nd^Qt^ifraf'Uf ono ¿'clock Messrs i;. 1 i. a s , Q ll0'd a clearing sale of ande&IfMnWP; fhentS' hou3eho!d f»rmturo Emm ' J hÍ R ' '^ property of Mr. William of freeholdInÍ!Tw ® tlm.a.alld, vUoe 320 acr,3 at Í U ñH^"Dnn tha e8tate of the On Ml hn DJunmnRton W«1 >'« submitted, wflt Í-P ! ?uVm?r-day at threa 'clock the firm wiU offer at the Victoria Hotel, Mr. John Cor betts ff^ho d farm at Bagshot, consisting of 2(51 OnKrilv aCr °J free!lüld "and at Hay wood. On 1 riday week they will sibirdt 21fi ac.es of prime agricultural land in the Parish of Laane coo.ie, together wi h live stock and farm imple meuts under instruction* from Mr. W, Svesi Their usual quarto, ly horse sale takes p¿¿ at 12tirBenbri«y.ya at°De °'Cl°Ck- OA Thursday, 0'NemTander^n?i1Sth uoot> Messrs R. C" (\9 «junction with Messrs L. Macpherson, Sttjr^berg and Co.) will sell Mr Hugh ^ ÓwtiftV property at Shelbourne. A *$1*1 el aqporior household furniture, piano ^ be held on the premises ft thé railway station, at an early date, by Messrs. H T rlar S an Cov u°der instructions from, Mr' J. Chapman, stahonn,aster, who is le^vWThe Mr T (VI ,U.° fcl'ck on *¿7 wifl sell rooms' Cr"bbes tM,u"ro 'M Pfccts, at their Mesara, ¿¡am;» Andrew and Co. advertise an on "Monday. ° °f 8°°d furniture at their rooiJ>..< I Messrs G. H. Hob^on and Co. have been in truuitd by Mrs L Edeson to sell on the premises 1 Don street, at two o'clock on Wedneso-.y next a ! cam fortab e cottage and household furnit.ire Ón from Mr C. Bennett, of iarised in our auction coIutow. * 