Ia Darkest England, Sermon by Rev. W. Scott. i-The subjoot seteoted for'the Rev. W. Scott's sermon at the, Wharf street Congregational ChnrohonSnnday week waaQeneralBooth's now book, "In Darkest England and the Way Out of It." In the conrse of a very eloquent andoarneet disoourso the preacher said that the book bud only reaohed; him ton days ago, and it was not his intention to deal with tbo schema that evening. It might be asked at the outset, why trouble himself About a sohcmo whioh was essentially an English scheme of philanthropy ? and his answer was that it was certainly an English tcheme, affecting English poverty,'misery, and despair, and to be sup ported mainly by English liberality. But it was a local seheme, with a spirit reference to universaligm. It was a Christian scheme, in whioh the whole Christian society of the world Were deeply interested.; The Barae social pro blems stared ns in the face. Poverty and slum misery might not have euoh a hoary aspeet hSre as in the old country, hut it existed within'oar social lines, a'though the degree might he lessened. Any well considered eohetne, therefore, for tho lessening of tho evil at home mnBt be of intense interest to ns hero. Taking one side'of tho situation of English social misery—tho drink question—tbe preacher asserted that at least four-fifths of the outcast and destitute of London wonld be as well of! as any of ns but for the drink. Oi70 them freedom from' this one temptation and their ohanceB wonld be aBgood as anyone's. Surely this con stitutes some relevancy to the social life of the' colonies. The problems ef tha unemployed, the homeless, tho drnnkard, the prostitute, and all the avenues of want and despair, whioh led to prostitution and the gaol, tonohed us as they touched tho older English life. He felt certain of one thing, and that was if ChriBt were on aarth He would be fonnd rescuing tho perishing. This book to him em bodied more of the call of.the Son of Han than he had ever heard beforeV and he recognised it as one oftho distinot, utterances of the Baviour. It seemed to be reserved to the Sal vation Army to lead as pioneers in the work of social regeneration. The circumstances of tWS sgenoy, the charaoter and experience of its workers, inspired confidence. The church bad ' fallen from the high place which was designed for it in relation to the poor of the earth.'.' It bad too much merged into the respectable club life, only having cognisance of its own members and adherents. Some ques tioned-the use of preaohing the Gospel to tho poor,' and'he-admitted there were times and circumstances when the Gospel seemed not the proper agent. When the whole attention was oonoenti^ted upon a mad straggle to keep body and son! together, when the sailor was battling with the snrf which had drowned his comrades and threatened to drown him, a change of cir cumstances must bo effected before the Gospel obidd' b'a preaohed. -But, what was this minis, try of changing eiroumstances bnt the Gospel f It was the ministry of Christ, who when on earth had, as the frnit of His Gospel,'changed the cironmstauces of thoss with whom He was hronght into contact. There was n strange misreading of this work by a large seotion of the pnblie. The surrender of the spiritnal life for the moral was the explanation the work, gave, aooordiog to some of the altitudes of the Salvation Army. General Booth said in his book, " I have no intention to depart in the smallest degree from the main principles on whioh I have acted in the past. My only hope for the; permanent deliverance of mankind from misery either in this world or the noxtis the regeneration-or remaking of the individual by the power of the Holy Ghost through Jesus Christ. But in providiugfor tho relief of temporal misery I reckon it I am only making it easy where it is now- diffioult, and possible where it is now almost impossible to ■cdthe way to the Cross of our Lord Jesns Christ." It was not enough in- tho way of sooialsalvation to give a man employment and dress and signs of respeotability. Those things were all outside the man and if the inside re mained nnohanged tho labour was wasted. It was necessary in some way or another to graft upon tho man's nature a new nature whioh had in it tho elements of tho Divino. Tho author of the work need not be farther misunderstood after the statement, "I must assert in the mo3t unqualified way that it is primarily and mainly for the ssko of saving the soul that I seek the salvation of tho body." If many ot tho people were to believe In Jesns Christ, they must bo helped out of their present sooial miseries. Looking at tho resnlta of sohemes whioh disbelieved or ignored thus—merely philanthropic Bohemcs, whoso efforts were only to ameliorate the eiroumstanoes of life—they fonnd them to bo lamentably inadequate. The resoned were only a ghastly 'minority compared with the multitados who straggled and sank into the open-monthed abyss. ' Speaking of the drift of oontentiou of the work, at. Scott said that the name was a singular one, and was undoubtedly taken from the title of Stanley's book, in which the ex plorer had said that he " marched, tore, ploughed, and oat his way fur 160 days through the inner womb of the true tropioal forest." The full honor oould not bo eonceired of s forest as luge again as Franoe, where the rays of the Son never penetrated, whoro in tho dark dank air of heated morass human beings dwarfed into pigmies, and brutnlircd into oannibals, lurked and lived and diod, and be lieved, with an unalterable conviction that this forest was endlos9—no sunshine nor freer life beyond. Was the' comparison a strange one ? Was not thore a darkest England to oompare with the darkest Africa; its misery to oompare with those of the Airioan, and wore thero not pigmies, born and bred in England, as vile as those in tbo Dark Continent. Civilisation had its pigmies and barbarians aB well as the { African forest, and to both it appeared as if tho world were all slum. The preacher then petered upon a grapbio description of < the raieeriea and horrors of lifo in the] alums, and gave his personal experience of the fearful depths to which humanity had : sank in tho shambles of onr civilisation. Be* , ferring to a paragraph in the work—"I sor rowfully admit that it would bo Utopian in onr present social arrangements to dream of attain ing for every honest Englishman a gaol stan dard of all theneoessari'8 of life. Sometime, par hops, we may venture to hope that every honest worker will bo as warmly clad, as healthily housed, and' as regularly fed as our oriminal convicts "-—the preaoher tuched upon the sooial condition of the honest poor, and stated that in tho old country between two and three millions were always paupors. Darkest England consisted broadly of three concentric circles of life. Tho ontor and widest was filled by the starving and the homolcgs but honest poor— a oirole which Bhould surprise tho pity of the' world. The second circle was filled by those who lived by vioe, and tho innermost circlo waB filled by c?n« firmed criminals. Hie one sad and depressing element to all was tho fact that tbo three ciroles were sodden with drink. Ho doalt. with the lives of the multitudes who filled the circles, and said that thousands and thousands of those who were labelled vicious wore not so much born into the world as damned into it. There were children bred in vioe, predestined to drankonness from the mother's womb, lhe drink question, with I its many horrors, was next entered upon by hlr. Scott, who asserted that for ono man ar rested for drnnkenncBS there were twenty who went home intoxicated, and yet we tolerated this tho spawn of evil at every street corner. On of tho offsprings of this vice was the terrible prostitution of tbo day. Erom that pulpit be would tell f hem that they were content to live in blissful ignorance concerning tbo terrible woes attheirdoo/s. Ho passed on to tbc different modes of help in vogue at tho presenfc.time, dwelling more especially upon the aid offered by tho State by workhouses and similar institutions in England. This he summed up as tbo English poor law retaliation. It had been a source of joy to him to read about tbig scheme of General Booth—fo recognise it as' bailt upon tho foundation of Christ's love, regardless of pir>y distinction and religious differences, and it led us to recognise that.we were oar .brother's keeper.." ; • / •, i \ ." / i J 