Boxing Day THE BENDIGO ATHLETIC CLUB'S SPORTS. The annual sports gathering under the auspices of the above club was opened in the Agricultural Society's Show Grounds on Saturday, Boxing Day, and so far has passed off very succestfully, both from financial and athletic points of view. Con- sidering the number of counter &Ur;«c'ioU3 the attendance must be considers 1 very fair, although Si these gatherings have bee u arranged for stmplj* in order to keep as much money as possible in the city, the C'-mimitttee do:erve eren greater mppoit at the hands of business people generally. Judg ing by the receipts, however, the pporia would appear to be gradually increasing in pub ic favor. The amount taken for adirission at the gates and grand stand yesterday was £163 15b, -and in 1S90 it> was £135 10s. among3-l those rresent on the ground were the mayor (the hon.' J. H. AS-butt) aad the hon. Jos. Sternberg, Ms,Ii.O, r.nd Messru 11 Burrowes, A. S. Bxiles, and D. U. S:erry, Ms L.A. The weather was fine and warm, but ai t'ie cDuimitteo had thoughtfully provided seats in the sheds round the yard no inconvenience was experienced in that respect. Of the sports the opinion was generally ex pressed that they were about the btai that have been seen here for a long time, and the close finishes in each event must have been as gratifying to the handicappors as they were interesting and exciting to the spectators. Although a delay of a quarter of an hour took place at starting, the advertised time was,' thanks to the tact and management of the champion starter and ttuster of sports, Mr Bailes, M.P., soon tnide up aud retained throughout the rest of the programme. The firei beats in_ the Sheffield Handicap were run off without a hitch, excepting that in the thirteenth heat J. Midson, Eagiehawl.-, lodged a protest against G. Stuckey, of North Melbourne, the winner of the heat, on the ground of not having aenfc iu correct performances. The bicycle races yroved a great attraction, only thre3 or four feet dividing first and secoud men in ejch event. " The veterau JJolfe carried off the Safely Bicycle Race, and his soa, H. Rolfe, who is quite a lad, succeeded, amidst great oxcitamenb and tremendous cheering, iu winning the Two M;!e Bicycle Rice from a held of o-veuty-une competitors. The first heats of tho Hait Mile,. Quarter Mile and 300 y*.rd* events were aiso pro ductiveof some splendid finUhos, and the final events in these as well as in the Sheffield, are. being looked forward to with a deal of interest. The Firemen's Race was no: patronised to the OEtent it sh.'iiild have been, considering the liberal pr.a.;s allowed, am) the same may be said of the Highland Fling and Irish Jig contests. WeRtpha'ea's B"iidigo District I'rass Band vva3 in attendance, aud at i')fc?r,vain during the after Boon rendered aelcct:uns of muie in fine style. Tne fpllow'ug gentleimj) nctc'd as office bearer*: —Master of spores and Btat ter: The president of the club, Mr A. S. Uijlen, M.P. Judges in foot lacing : Messrs. T. Otmpiuan and T. Jlogan, with Cr. D. B Ljzaru3 as referee. Bicycling : The hou. J Sternberg, M L.C , and Mr 'Honeybone. Dancing; Mr lJ. Finn. Quo'ts: Mesirs. B. Crawford and \V. Newton. Firemen's Kaca ; S'jperjpteijdent Daymoijd and Gaptaiu Geo I?'!\vuall. Tijjieli-.eepers : Messrs. G. Hal! and S. Keani. Haijdicappers for footracing. Messrs. A. S. #aiies and H Skoeban; for bicycling-, Messrs. M. O'lioghlen and Oiingan. The secretary, Mr Andrevy 3\£ jrriscn," was most ciurteous and ob.ligjng tg ail haying business, pith hiify and tfye coinplot.Q mmwt'ia whiclj hp »" ■"'aBgements.pvepaceA.wivs tihe^aub jpct.of general aiid favonibla comment), Ths fol owing are the, results of the various events-:— ■ Sheffield Hasdioap, 130 yds. — First heat: H. Davis, Rochester, 1(U yds, 1; S. G. Hatr, Inglewood, 8h yds, 2; H.'M'Kenzie, Monma, 14J yds, also starced. Time—12 see. Second heat.: i G. M'Farlane. Inglewood, Gi yds, 1 ; \V. Shovti- j ion, Numurkah, 8 yds, 2 ; A. W. M'Donald, Swan Hill, 12 yds, also started. Time, 12 sec. Third heat: G. Wickey, Wagga Wapga, Si yds. 1; F. E Ripper, Kerang, 13 yds, 2. No time was taken in this evsnt, and the manner in which the heat was contested was unfavorably commented upon, Fourth heat: E. J. Noon^n, Wedderburn, 11 yds, 1; E. Chandler, Bendigo, 11 yds, 2 ; 0. W. Kin?, Bendigo, 15 yds, also started. Time—12 ; sec. Fifth heat: A,E Cummin-,B tBet,5ydsi,l; J. I Smith, Narraiidera, 11 yds.'i; It. Davill, Long Gully, 12£ yds, also started. Time—11 4 5th s c Sixth I beat: T. W. Chambers, Bendigo, 14£ yd-, 1; W. Forrest, Bendigo, 14i yds, 2. Only two starced. Time—12 a&c.; Seventh heat : A, Green,.Marong, 12 yds. 1; R. T. N;onm, Bendigo, 5 yds, 2; C. Rofe, Eohuca. 134 yds, also started. Time—11 I 4_5th sec. Eieh 1) heat:. M. J. Kelly, Macorna, 15 yds, 1; R C Kennedy, Tiichardt, 15 yds, 2. Time—12 1 :">tli sec. Nineth beat: A. E. Wilson, Tragowal, 13J yda, 1;,T. Morris, StrathfieldBaye, S) yds, 2. Time—12 l-5th sec. Tenth heat: J. i Doocly,Bendigo. 14Jyda,'G. Bright, Bendigo, 13J yds, 2. Time—12 l-5thsec. In this and the two I previous heats there wpre onlythe two competitors, Elsventh heat: J. M'Namara, Kogarah, N.S.W., 7i 'yds, 1; J. Dunn, Bendigo, 13^ yds, 2; W. H.' Godson, Kensington, 12^ yds, also started. Time—11 3 5th sec. Twelfth heat : J. W. Meehan. Bendigo, 12J yds, 1; H. Thompson, Richmond, 9 yds, 2. G. Blake, Bendigo, 15 yds, also started. Time—11 4 5ch sec.. .Thirteenth heat: G. Stuckey, North Mel- j bourne, 13$ yds, 1; J. Midson, ihelehawk, 8 yds, j 2.. T. Vines, Rochester, 14 yds, also Btarted. Time—12 3-5th stc. Fourteenth beat: W. Murray, Narandera, N.S.W., llj yds, 1; E. J. O'Dwyer, Muskerry, 11 yds, 2. Only two com petitors. 'iime—12 4 och sec. The winner of 1 each heat will meet in the second and final rounds. I Safety Bicycle Race, two miles. , 50 yarJa imposed for pneumatic tires and 30 yards : for | cushions.—J. Rolfe, Bendigo, 110 yds, 1; G Moriarty, 2; L. Larsen, Bendigo, 170 yds, 3 The following also started: —H. Shelton, Avenel, 40 yds; L. Herman, Bendigo, 40 yds; C. Nsun holier. South Yarra, 150 yds; C. O. Hendrie. Fitzrov, 170 ydr; W. P. Traill, Melootsrne, 200 yds; T. B. Scott, Melbourne, 200 yda; J. Melrose; Bendtgi. 280 yds; J. Green, Riih- , mond. ,200 yds. Passing ihs judcea for the firit time Melrose waa leading, with Green, Hendrie and Moriarty occupying the other leading places in the order named. There was no material change in the next lap, but as the field pass- d the judces the third time,Moriarty had assumed the lead, and j Shelton seeing that the handicap wa-i too much for | him retired. In the next round Moriarty still ltd the way and Neunhoffer and J. Kolfe had gone, well forward. For the next two or three rounds 1 Neunhoffer and Moriarty alternately took the lead, Rolfe maintaiuinR a good position c'.ose up, and evidently waiting for a final rush. Passinethe judges the last time but oie,Moriarty was leading, J, Ro'fe second, Neunhoffer third, Larsen fourth, Scott fifth, and the others some distance away. Herman, who rode well, but was handicapped out ! of it, pulled off the course. A splendid race home j ensued, Rolfe passing the winnijg po it four or five: feet in front of Moriarty and Larsen several' lengths away, hard pressed by ISeunhoffer for third place. Time—6 min 5?r sec. Half Mile Race.—First heat : G. A. Bayley, yds, 1; J iMacpherson, 35 yds, 2; G._M^Onrtihyi: 50 yds. This was a good race and resulted in u splendid finish. Time—1 mino-l sec. Second heat : .v. Smith,'4G yds, 1; D. Junner, scratch, 2; J. Donovan; 40 yds, .3. H. Buast, 27 yds; E. Roberts,-30yds; T. Colvin,' 45 yds; and D. H. ICimi son, 00 yds; also started. The scratch man, whose style of running was much admired, had no difficulty in overtaking his opponents, and was apparently almost as strung at the finish ai at the start. Ha could have won, but contented hinuelf with, second place. Time—1 min 54 l-5th sec. Firemen's Rack —First round : A. Stalling, City, ecr, beat C Loveland, Temperance, 7 yds; J. Walker, Temperance, 2 yds, beat J. Kilby, No 1, 7 yds, the lattei being disqualified owing to hid branch not being tightly fixed. W. Carter, City, ! 2 yds, had a bye, his opponent not putting id au appearance ; and T. Long, Long Gully. G yds. I also had a bye from the same cause. .T. Richard- I son. No 1, 7 yds, beav P. J, Fabey, City,'4 yds. A. Heine, City, 4 ydB, beat J. Dreschc-r, No 1, 7, yds, who was disqualified for not fastening his branch. tightly, R Houston, Goiddn-sqnare, 5 yds, beat J. Butler, City, 7 yds; W. Nolen. Uolden-squarp, G yds, beat A. Ken worthy. City, j 7\. yds. ji Robinson, Golden-Equare, 7 yds, had a bye. •' 300 Yards Handicap.—First heat: R Davill, 19 yds, 1: E. J. Noonan, 15 yds, 2; O.M'Farlane, 5 yds, 3. A. W. McDona'd, 6 yds; G. McCarthy, 20 yds, also started. Won easily in 31 sec. Second heat: A. E. Cummins, 5 yds, 1; A Green, 13 yds, 2; J. W. Taig. 18 yds, 3 J. W. Meehan. 12 yds; R. H. Payne, 17 yds; T. W. Chambers, 21 yds] and Mr J. Kelly, 22 yds, also started. A splendid race. Time—3 1-5 sec. Third heat : J Midson, 10 yds, 1; W. A. Kent, 20 yds, 2; J. M'Pherson, 12 yds, 3. R. J. Noonan, 3 yds; T. Donovan, 18 yds; and G. Rokahr, 20 yds, also started. Time—31 2 5th sec. Bicycle Race. t\vo miles.—H. Rolfe, Bendigo, 250 yds, 1; A. E. Walters, Bandigo, 290 yds, 2;' E. Virtue, Benalia, 140 yds, 3; H. Shelton, Avenel, 50 ydB, 4. Th8 following competitors also started : —L. Herman, Bendigo, 50 yds; A. Middleton, Dunolly, 70; L. Lars-'n, Bsnduo, 110; J. A. John son Bendigo, 110; J. Rolfe. Bendigo, 130; G. R. Eiown, Eag'.ehawk, 130; C. Neunhoffer. South Yarra, 150; A. Bennett, Wiiiamatown, ISO; T. Mopan, Warrtyadin, 200; W. Upsti'l. Clifton Hill, 220; H. Sc'ieele. Dunollv, 220; R. Stewart, Long Gully, 2-fQ; S Qsbaldeston, Wangaratta, 2>0; ,J. Miohelsen, Long Gully, 250: A. Kerr, ... Ballarat, 2G'0; J. Sannermas, White Hilli, _ 280 ; J. Diley, 300. As the | compjtitora in their colored CDStumea started i ff, the .field ; presenting a pretty sight. Dalny, Walters and Sannerman maintained their posi tions at the head of affairs for the first three oi four rounds. Neunhoffer pulled off the course owing to a mishap to his machine. H. Rolfe took the lead shortly afterwards, and J. M:chel sen, who had gradually been improving his position, had to retire on account of losing one of his p3dals. Rolfe, the younger, retained the lead, and in the last round great excitement pre- | vailed. Walters made a big effort to overtake the leader, but was unsuccessful, and the lad pjssed the judges a couple of lengths in fronl of Walters Virtue being third, and Shelton being a good fourth. Herman rode well, but could not j manage to get even a place, Time—G min 2 l-5th sec. Highland Fling.—J. Craven, 1 ; J, W. M'Lellau, 2. W. Craven, a boy about 14 yt'ars of age, also competid. There were only the three competitors. Irish Jig.—J. Gorman, 1; A. Staley, 2. J. Vlagce, and J. M'Lellan also compet-d. Tim winner, who h a diminutive youngster, about ten years of age, was warmly applauded by the spsc tators. Quarter-Mile Race. — First heat : G \t Oirthy, 28 yds. 1 ; 3. G. Hatb, 7 yds, 2 ; G. Bayl'y, 15 yde, 3. T. Gist, 1 yds ; H Buast, 15 yds ; R. Davill, 24 yds, ond E Fell, 30 yds, also started. A splendid race and doie finish. Time j —50 sees. Second he it : A. Green,ID yds, 1 ; J. W. Taig, 23 ydB, 2; J. Finlaysrn, 21 yds, 3. D. C Juaner, scratch, and C. H- Kimpsou, 30 yds, Mso started Notwithstanding the Rtirti that he had to give the other compnHors Junner was much fancied for this event. The fiold were despatched to an excellent start, and by the timojthree fourths of the distance had been covered the scratch man was wellup with thcrest. He. however,could n it I get nearer than fourth place. Time—4'J 4 5th Bee. Third heat—K, T. Noonan, 5 yds, 1; W. A Kent, 27 yds, 2; T. Donovan, 2fi yds, 3. J. M'Pherson. I[?] yds; J. W. Meehan. 16 yds; H Thompson, 18 yds; 1R, H. Payne, 22 yds; G Rokahr, 29 yds; and Lang, 21 yds, also started. This was a splendid race, the scratch man gradually overhauling the field from the start; eventually he passed the judge's post a foot in front of Kent, Donovan being a good third. Time—49 2-5th sec. This concluded the day's programmee. The sports will ba resumed and couc'uded on Wednesday, whon the final heats in the Sheffield, Half Mile, Quarter Mile, 303 Yards Handicaps, and Firemen's Race will be run off. SPORTS AT RAYWOOD. The usual Boxing Day Sports were held at Ray wood, and both a3 regards the sports and at tendance proved a most decided success. There were not less than 700 persons^ present, amongst whom were noticed Messrs Highett and Heeps two of tho candidates for the electorate of Man durang at tho forthcoming election. Th-:re were j but few of the bookmaking f.aternity, bnt tho-se j present did good business. Messrs. Higgey and Harvey, handicappers, deserve e.udit, as the events, with one or two exceptions, were vory close, in fact in one of the even's for the Riywood Handicap the first and second man ran almost a dead hea3. Eventually in the final heat the | winner turned up in Thos. Stanley (Gooraong), who from the .siart completely outpaced-his op ponents and winning jnsily,with Vain-(Macarua), second, Ross (Bridge.vater). third, and Hummell (Esglehawk), fourth. In tiieH-ndicap Hurdle Rice F. Goyne won as he lilted, he takinrthe hurdles in sp'end d style. T. Stanley Cioornons), second und J. H. Wiikins (Bendigo) third. The 440 Yards handicap was a gift to Vains. Sub io;ned is a I'o6 of toe aports, etc. :— Maiden Race.—For this event there were nine entries, and it was won by E. HammoU, Eagle hawk; Bow, llridgr.water, close up, 2. Haywood Handicap.—Tins eveijt was run in heat». First round.—First boat; W. Ross, Brldrewater, 14 yds, 1: W. TregalHf, Iluntly. lb vd3 2. Second heit: H.-T. Bolle, Sydney Flat, ran'abvo. Third heat: C. Cuthbertson, 15 yds, Ea™lphawk, 1; R. F. Willis. 13 yds,. Eaglehawk, 2\. "Fourth he-it; C. O Vains, Macorna, 9yds. 1* W, H. (Tfimwood, Eahnoa, 13 ydrf, 2. lufth heat: E. Hiimmsll, Eaglehawk, Mi yda. 1: Tnoa. Stanley, Gooraong, 15 yds, 2. Second round. First heat: Vains, 1; Hummell, 2; Tregalhs, 3. Second heat: Stanley, 1; Ross, 2. Final : Stanley, 1; Vuins, 2; Boys, 3; Hummell, 4. H-VXDWAP lIuiinLi: —T. Goyne, Bp-otn, 2 yds, 1; Stanley, 9 yds, 2; J. H. Wiikins, Bendigo, 13 ^10 Yds Handicap.—Vains, IS yds, 1; Willis, 28 v Running Hk.;h Jump.— E. O'Dwyer, 5 feet 3 inches,]; Willie, 2 ., . Sack Race.—T. Dale, 1; Spear, 2. in this raca the lad Dale, about 12 years of age, won easily. The members race \v.\s won by Harry, and tho O'd Buffers' Kace by Dale. Handicap Distanck Tbot. 3 -niii.es-—R- Ross Lass scratch, J.V/hitGH A. 3cott's Dunbar 5Q yds,' 3. The rider of'the winding horse being weighed in Vyas found toJia 3 lbs light, so was disqualified, .the first prip going j to the second hor.=e. ' > 0,vi:n Fmt Raoe for horses; pne mue; y/eigb! -lp,B^,,Moorhead^ Sonny, 1; C. Crappet'j "iJohver,-2. - - --- . Posy Race.—(Six furlong, 1-1 hand>). C. Vasre/e s keauty, I; VV. 6. T<*arreli'« C-fuy fjW, 2 Uiiers wero made ro back the second horse to run ttg.in o mile t^r ilO »itb tho simo '.v< bub'sequauUy a match took place for''£7. lOvand was won by Gay La^s. The committee p.re to be congratulated on tbe successful manner in which their duties were carried out, -particularly the joint secretaries, Messrs Harvey and O'Shane, the only hitch beingnot having the ECilea ready (vhen the Dorse racing commenced, thereby delaying the sports for some time. A ball was held in the evening, which proved a most enjoyable affair. :f. FORESTERS' PIONIO. i 29th annual picnic of the Foresters was held at Macedon on Saturday. The' three' special trains arranged for proved to be inade quate for the large crowd which assembled on the goods sheds platform at the railway station^" and an additional train was, put on, but even then a large number had to be left behind. Ihe spot selected for the picnic was at the waterfalls at the foot of the Mount. It is a \ery pleasant spot, and for picnic purposes could hardly be excelled, as it affords abund ance of grateful sliade from the sun, and there is beautifully clear cold water to quench the thirst. Arrived on the ground,. the picnickers soon spread themselves around.; There were quiet, shady nooks for lovers, and grassy plots for family parties to romp and shout and sing to their hearts' content. Many wandered into the ' terntree gullies, gathering basketful* of lovely terra, never for a moment thinking of the hidden _ snake which might be in dangerous proximity. Others climbed the hill, admiring the many beautiful cofctagea and gardens on the way, including the Governor's sjimmer resi donee—though, by the way, the Governor seems to have tired of Macedon. Whether it was because it was too hot or too cold Or too misty or too crowded, or too open to picnics, is uncertain. It could not be that it did not give a lovely and extended view for the expanses reached to Hobsop's Buy, or that the dwelling and grounds did not afford all the comforts.and conveniences sufficient for ordinary mortals as enough money ' has? been spent on them to make the place fit for a king. There is a lurking suspicion that the place had become too crowded for a Governor. It is certain that since his summer residence was built there, Macedon has gone ahead—nice cottages have sprung up like mushrooms on the tlats and on the hills. But what will become of AJacedon and its inhabitants when the Governor goes to Woodlands,-Hiis new summer home at Ararat, a lovely dwelling, covered with creepers and smothered in roses, and standing in the centre of 54,000 acres of splendid free hold property? There won't be the ghost of a show of getting a cottage within cooee. Pic nickers, however, will not forsake Macedon, .it is too well suited for that purpose, and the i'oresters showed that they fully appreciated the fact, for they clambered over it in all directions, and-thoroughly enjoyed the sight of the beautiful gardens, the cool cleat air, and the magnificence of the landscape from the summit of the hilh A good band was in attendance, discoursing sweet music" during the day, and the dancers tripped it lightly to the inspiring Btruins. The committeo and the secretary, Mr F. Coates, worked hard ; to make the outing a success, and.it was so. Ihe return journey epmmencod at 7 o'clock p.m., and all had corns safely back by 10 at night. • . . A.N.A. PIONIO TO HARCOURT. The annual picnic of ths Australian Natives' Association took place at Harcourt, and was 'i pronounced succeaa from every standpoint. The spot selected for the picnic was Messrs Gartside Jiroa property close to the railway station, the picmcians journeyed from Bendigo to Harcourt by a number of special trains. The arrangements made for their comfort on the ground were per.'tct ancl not a single hitch occurred to mar the enjov meut of the day. Various games, etc., were provided for the amusement of those present, Mil it is safe to sae that the picnic was in every W"y the mo»t successful yet held by tha association, io the courteous and obliging secretary, Mr W M Jjean, ihe public wero to a very great degree indebted for the excellent day's outing provided for them. Ihe president (Mr J. B. Roberts) and members of committee also were most assiduous in looking after affairs, and Beeing that everything worked imoothly. .the railway arrangements were excellent, and great credit is due • to the statioumaater, Mr Sinclair, the traffic manjger, Mr O'Connor, and their assistants-for the punctuality with- whic'i they despatched tho trains. Amount those pre sent cn the ground were Messrs Gibbons (chair man), Heide and Rain; of the metropolitan com mittee. During the day a programme of sports ihrmwh with Ui* f.i.Wine result • — >tA»N-A- Ha'vmcap ^-Fir'st heat',' J. O'Bwyer,' V yr "U"20'"'" hl,at> -^--Hardy, 11 yds; third heat, A. >1. Hamp-on, 11 yds; fourth heat, A. Ferrari 10 yds. Final .- Ferrari, 1; Hardy, 2; Hampson/ 3\. There were 20 competitors. Boys' Race.—L. Cook, 1; R. Holman, 2. Girls, Race—A. Lap,l; M. Bennetts, 2. - Saoic Rack.—J". Wearn, 1; A. J Hamp3on, 2. Potato Race ~D. 3W, 1; J. Williamson, 2 Members Hack,—J. Hargi e-vves, 1? A.fJ. rl^tnp3on, 2. " ~ Purrivc, 28 lb Weight.—J. Conway, 20 feet 9 inches, 1; J. O Dsvyer, 20 ffe'eb 5j inches. 2. Running High Jump. — J. O'Dwver. 1 • J. Conway, 2. ■ - - ' Thriving Cricket ISall (under 1G years).—J. A. Thorn cson. T Hogan acted as master of sports, Mr J. H. Daniels as starter, Messrs Heine and Mahony as handicappsrs, and Messrs J. B Roberts, J. H. Curnow, H.ide, Ruin, J. E Bremner, and A. Dunstan as judges. Mr 0. H. Leggo,;.of ISaglehawt,' also renderecl much assistance in various departments during' the day. Tbe edibles left were transferred yes terday to Bendigo and donated ' to the hospital and asylum. We are requested to state that the gift distribution will be drawn in about a fort night's time. .. BENDIGO CITY BAND PICNIC. The second annual picnic under the auspices of Northcott's Bendigo City Band took place at the Sydenham _ Gardens, and was largely attended, especially when the many counter attractions are considered. The conveyances laden for the scene of the day'B enjoyment began to start from the city about 11 o'clock, previous to which the band hud paraded the principal streets and played several enliveniug airs. The morning was a delightful oue, and ■ the ride to the gardens was very enjoyable, especially to those yvho have nothing to break the dull monotony pf every day life but the few intervening holidays. Ar rived on the ground, which is admirably suited for such gatherings, people, young and old, began to amuse themselves as best they could with the means provided. Some betook them selves to promenading about watching the sports, others commenced to dance to the ex hilarating strains of the band, whilst the juveniles devoted their attention to tho swings, maypole, atrzn<»iag vi-1 ocipides, etc. An interesting sports programme was guue through. Mr. Campbell Houston was a capable master of sports, and Messrs. J. C. Stamp and G. H. Hobson made impartial judges. The committee, Messrs. J. Northcotr, H. -Boa-tel man, V. H. Byrue, W. Partridge, J. Edwards,' W. Prouse, J. Trengrove, W. Hampton, W. Penaluna, and C. W. Forster (the'-lion. sec ) deserve great credit for tho excellence of the arrangements. The proceedings were brought to a elos3 soon after six o'clock in the evening, a really enjoyable outiug having been spent. Tho following is the prize list :—. Boys' Race .-(under 9 years), 100 ,ya'rds.-~ Heath, 1; Williams, 2; O Dwyer, 37 Girls' Race (under 9 years).—Somerville, 1; Campbell, 2; Fitzgerald, 3. Boys' Three legged Race.— Gleeson and Bynio, 1; Conroy and G.'eeson, 2. Sim- Qgoits.— I). Cullen, 1; W.-Arthur, 2. The Noimiaurr Opes Handicap (under 21). —S. Murray, 1; Ruff. 2. Pony Trot.—Price's Flirt, 1; Watson's Tilly, 2. Boys' Rack (under 12 years), 100 yards.—H. Moorhead, 1; Scully, 2. Girls' Race (uuder 12 years), 100 yards. O'Dsvyer, 1; M. J. Campbell, 2. Tcg Of War.—Band team.l ;J01d Hustler's, 2. Tilting at tiie Ring.— Cummins, 1; J. I Watson, 2; W. Gantley, 3. Boys' Race (under lo).— S. Murray. 1: Shaw, 2. , An extra race for boys under IS was won by Baker, Shaw second, the prizes being 7s 6d and 2s (id, gift of Mr. J. I. Watson. ROYAL PRINCESS THEATRE. A packed house fiom floor to ceiling; and hundreds turned away from (he doom, greeted the ro-appi.arancc of the " Evangeline" company at the above place cf amusement on Boxing night, .and tho attendance must have been highly prati fjing to the 'management. Those enterprising theatrical cittr^rs—tho Mcusrs M'Mahon—have earned well deserved popularity in Bendigo, and Benjifro theatre- goers never fail to accord'then; a 1 spontaneous hearty and lib-ial support on every occasion that thi-y open here. The Messrs M'Muhuu have from time to time catered ao well for the tueatre s going portion of ths community that their naine ia legion here, and tbe f^cfc r-f it. appearing at the head of tho advertisement is tufficisut to draw good'houses at all times. Mr Goodwin's ' Evangeline" was produced hf-re with great suc cess about six months ago, and from the manner in wfcioll it was received on Boxiiif? night it is sure to have another successful inn It ia a de cidedly inio;psting and entertaining burlesque, abounding with bright and tuneful mueic, crisp and mirthful dialogue, and is produced on a t,caJe of mngu_fic3ncD seldom Been oo tho stage on Bendigo. The georgeous dresses, brill,ant scenery, and stage effects generally combine to make tip a scene' et once striking and picturesque, and one thai cannot fa l to'excite the admiration jf the spectator.--, Mi^-s Vircjnia Earl was assignee! tl.y put t of Gabriol, t]ie hw> of the piece, and alio invested' the character with a eltn-in that at once installed he.'self as favorite with the audience. Miss Earl has a ple.v-ing voice, and sang the topical eong -n the second act in a Q.iptiyati(,g manner. In the'du-,t with ft.ii-s Fannie Liddiard tho voices bhiVded harmoniously.' Miss Liddiard'undertook the role of -Eyaa-jelino' and her ' impersonation of it was '' such 'as to on]y he'ghten her reputation' las a pleasing, (jraceful nod nccojn£Mt;4; HQtrear Her singing was mosft charming and ef fective, and evoked well. merited applause, i Miss Agn-is I'anl and Miss Eileen Karl were well placed in two rr.inor parts, ant! Miss Ray Tiv!b->t, ■ Miss M. Knight, and Misa F. Eskdale fulfilled a'l that wis required of them hh Mary Anne, .Rose, and Marie respectfully. Mr G. K. Fordism as tlio fair, though buxom Catherine (Gabriel's aunt), was remarkably successful and a-, funny as of yore. Mr Fortescue'a perform n.ce was mt-afr u!j)qae, aud highly entertaining. Mr John. Ford received-a cordial welcome at the bands of bht> -'.audience .V ns the mirth provoking notary, Lo Blanc. Ho kepi the audience'in a constant simmer of laughter," and in the scenes with the fair Catherine, was most amusing. Mr Joseph Ha-ris was in hia old place aa The Lone Fisher man, and hia performance was a rr.oat unique ono ih'every, respect. He appears in every scene, and although riot u word escapes from him, yet he contrives by hia extraordinary antic*, gro:e8que 1 facial expressions and ludicrous dancing to oauee great merriment. Mr ,T. Edwards was »n excel lent Gapcain Dietrich,' and Mr 0. Sea grave as usual acquitted himself well as Benedict, the blacksmith. Miss A. Carlton and E. Bernard looked moat soldierly as aide-de 'camps to C.iptaiu Dietrich. The characters of the chief of police and Corporal Wagner were in capable haudj. Th<: grand march of tho amazons wjs; n great feature of the performance, and delighted the audience, who vociferously applauded those eugjged in the brilliant pageant. The effect of the costuiiies of Bold, ailver, sapphire and Jemerald,1 with tho aid of the limelight, was aplendid. The piece is worthy of the most liberal patronage. " Evalgeline " will be repeated to night and the . three following nights, and on New Year's Night the beautiful burlesque "The Coraiir "~will be staged. / THE FEDER AL MINSTRELS. It is long since such a uniformly good com bination as the Federal Minstrels has visited this city, and it is, therefore, not sur prising that the audience at St. James* Hall on Boxing- Night should have been such a good . ono. The company has just completed a very successful season at the Gaiety Theatre, Melbourne, where they were rec.eived nightly by crowded houses, and in Visiting Bcndigo they have come prepared to give the residents of this district minstrel enter tainments of exceediug great merit. The mem bers of the company are not unknown to the pub lic of Bendigo.Mr. Harold Ash ton, the proprietor and interlocutor, having been connected with Hugo's Buffalo Minstrels, visiting this city with them some five years ago. Irving Styles, tambo, and Charles Pope, bones, are also well known performers. The entertainment opened with the usual circle. The beautiful ballad "My Sweetheart when a Boy," was splendidly given by Mr. Henry Williams. Mr. Charles Pope contributed a comic soug, and Mr. C. T. M'Kiernan sang "Out on the Deep." Mr. W. Watkins, who is described as England's vocal comique. give a couple of comic songs in fine style. Mr. T. Kennedy in his song and dance, intowhhh ho introduced acrobatic feats, was very successful, and wall deserved the hearty rounds 'of applause bestowed upon him. " My Pretty Jane" was so well sung by Mr. J. Fuller that he had to respond to an undeniable encore, which he did by repeating the last verse. A comic song by Mr. Irving Sayles delighted the audience, and he was thrice re-called. Mi*. - J. Matlock's song "Don't Tell Mother" was rendered with great feeling, and drew forth the unanimous plaudits of the audience. The first part of the programme concluded with a laughable farce, in which Messrs Ashton, Watkius, Irving Sayles and Charles Pope took part. The second part was opened by Irving Sayles and Charles Pope with song, dance and witticism, and this portion of the entertainment wasquite up to the standard that had preceded "it. Mr. W. Watkin again • created much amusement by his comic songs, "Oh, the ;Sea" being especially good. An exhibition of step dancing, by Mr. T. Kennedy was not the, least interesting feature in a pro gramme abounding in specialties. Professor Rello's exhibition of club swinging was quite an entertainment in itself, his manipulation of the clubs being very beautiful. The mandoline solos by Manuel Lopez were greatly appreciated by the audience, and he was twice re called. On the spcond occasion he rendered "Down Ppon the; Swanee Itiver" in q.n artistic manner. :Mr. J. Filler's reudition of the •'Minstrel Boy" was indeed very fine. The whole concluded with a farce, entitled ."Lucy's birthday," Mr'Harold Ashton took the part of George Wilds. Misa M- Walton, Lucy Wild; Charles" Pope, Pete Gubbinsj Irving Sayles, Mose Hoofim; and Tom Kennedy, Gussy Witt. ' During an interval Mr Ashton announced that he had secured the service of Mr C. Hugo, who would appear on Tuesday evening. The announcement was received with marked approbation by the audience. The company appear again this evening. ' THE ROYAL ITALL. A promenade concert was held in the Royal Hall, Forest street, on Saturday evening, and was well attended.- All.present appeared to thoroughly enjoy themselves. Mr. Kidd ably filled the position of M.C. 