SCBATCHINGS IN TELE CITY. [By A Pei*cix.] That every line which written here may be Go to its mark straight $ud unerringly; That every laugh be clean and fairly bought: That condemnation jiever go unsought: I That cut, or thrust or lend approving cheer, j Aim may be honest, thought and purpose clear. j The Farmers' Association (which comes ] to town in sections in the autumn show week and sees the sights, and ends with a I jolly annual dinner) is preparing to die. I At its meeting last Tuesday, before settling off-hand such of the affairs of the nation in which it was interested, it almost decided to die at once, but after consideration decided to postpone the event until another year. The president (Mr. Venning) opened proceedings with an address which was about as superficial as one might reasonably wish it to be, the two dozen and odd gentle men sent down to see the show—I mean, of course, to take part in the association's meetings—discharged their opinions, some of- which were in opposition to those of the majority of the branch who elected them, ' and then they all made arrangements for dinners and so on. There is one good thing about the association; it dispatches business with celerity. If its members were in Sydney just no.iy they would settle the federal constitution difficulty whilst Sir Henry Parkes was. combing his luxuriant locks. In fact, the courage and business-like smartness of some of the country branches of the association, have long been the theme of my strongest admiration. I have known about half a dozen farmers to meet in a public house one evening, sit as a branch of the association with one of themselves in the chair and another acting as secretary, and discuss the most vital national concerns -with a nonchalance which could not be cooler if the whole party "were enclosed in a refrigerator, A few days later one would see in some newspaper a column and a half report of the proceedings of the meeting, with numerous resolutions set forth in imposing array. That report would be quoted as containing the "opinions " of the farmers in the district* As cheek the claim was highly successful. As fact—well, we need not enter into mere matters of fact in connection with public questions. The association in its day has seen the South Australian land laws made about the most liberal in the world, and besides putting several of its members into Parlia ment, it has had a great deal to do with the attainment of that result. The Agri, cultural Bureaus' have taken up its practical educative work; and now the best thing the association can do is to die. Mr. Venning, its author and solicitous friend, does not like the idea of his pet ceasing to exist, and some public men, whose motives are not, perhaps, so pure as those of Mr. Venning, mourn the probable withdrawal of an ex-ceUent standing advertisement for themselves. Mr. Venning worked exceed ingly hard for the association, and he was | singularly successful in his preliminary operations. Though he is not a man of any particular ability, he has great cheek great energy, and great application,, and altogether he is a very exemplary and use ful sort of a gentleman, who will do a certain amount of good for a country, even though the association which he loved as though it were an only child, should give up the ghost, which has been struggling to get away for some time. Another association — the Working Women's Trades Union—is growing in power, whilst the Farmers' Society is dim inishing. At its last meeting it considered the position of some of the girls employed in factories, and the clever and indefatig able Mrs. Mary Lee undertook to publish useful information in connection with the matter. Mrs. Lee is to be commended, and if she will strictly limit herself to a business like explanation of the subject, and not indulge in the feminine hysterics which so often cause the proceedings of women's societies to be smiled at by men, she will <lo an important service. Even under the best management, the position of girls in crowded factories cannot be healthful, either-morally or physically. Tou have only to stroll in the neighborhood of one of the principal establishments in Adelaide where girls and boys are employed to see one of the darker shades in the protectioni t system. The management of that place is admirable, but even angelic supervision could not alter the weaknesses of human nature. The worlring-men have been protected long enough by their trade organisations, and have shown little solicitude for their working sisters. By all means, therefore* let thosa sisters conserve their own interests. I am surprised that whilst so much is heard about women's suffrage, not a word has been uttered about the wisdom of having women acting as justices of the peace. "Whether such a eLaku should be granted may be open to argument, because in certain cases which might be brought before them many women would be guided by sentiment rather than by law, and as a woman who has not fallen scarcely ever forgives a j woman who has fallen, the Magxialenes ■ who appear so constantly before our courts , would probably prefer to be tried by man. Under the present system the balance of i evidence seems singularly to- rest with the j side in which a beautiful women is : interested. With women that position ' would probably be reversed. A woman ! who is beautiful generally arouses more Jealousy than aj^reciation, amongst her own sex. The St. Patrick's Day demonstration of the Irishmen requires no special comment. It was highly successful in spite of the absence of Archbishop. Reynolds, whose long-continued physical weakness has pre vented him from taking part in the service of his church for months past; Why the j Government should have- made the anni veraary an oecaaioa for a Civil Service half holiday does not appear because probably not half-a-dozen Civil Servants attended the demonstration; but the consideration of the Government douhtless indirectly helped in the success of the engagement. Whilst one saw the thyong of happy prosperous people who formed the pro cession and the congregation at the sports, one could not help repeating the old enquiry—" Why do Irishmen succeed so well in Australia but fail in their own country?" Perhaps some Home Kuler ■will give an answer which, I fancy, con tains part of the truth ? 