[ The O'Brien Ghost. I A REMINISCENCE BY DR. Vf. H, RUSHELI». In the course of some hitherto unpublished reminiscences which he is printing in the Anti Jaeobin, Dr. W. H. Russell tells of a " singular experience" in tho course of his mission to Ireland to write on the Famine of 184G. This event; occurred whilst he was in the South-West of Ireland. Before I left Ennistymon (hn says) I was invited by Mr. " Corney" O'Brien, M.P., to visit him. I readily accepted the invitation, especially as I would have an opportunity of seeing, close to his residence, the famous " Cliffs of Moher." I need not describo a scene not yet known to tourists who wander thousands of miles away to gaze on object» of far less interest and beauty. As I was standing at the edge of the cliffs, at the base of which the Atlantic was breaking in thunder and clouds of spray, some 700 feet below me, ono of the self-constituted guides who frequent Bnch places ranged up alongside, and after volun- teering information about " the Hag's Head" and " the Blowing Hole," the islands ia Galway Bay, etc., said : " It's a wonder now, yer bonner, isn't it-and it's yerself is a sthrong gintle man, I'll warrant-that you couldn't throw ashton© into the say there below!" There were stones large and small on the edgo of the cliff, so to dis- pose of his assertion I took up a piece of basalt about the 3ize of a penny roll and flung it away from me seawards. I saw tho stone curve inward and strike the cliff high above the surf. " Oh, that won't do at all !" he said. Again and again I tried and the result was always the same. " I'll bet yet honner a shilling or half a crown I'll do it." He was a withered little man. I smiled contemptuously. He picked out a flat stono ¡and threw it, not as I had done, straight out as far as I could, but at an angle of 45 deg. downwards, and I saw the stone clear the cliff and drop into the surf. As we were at dinner that night I expressed my admiration of the scenery of the Hag's Head, but my host did not seem to share my feelings. When the company (the parish priest and his coadjutor» and a couple of county neighbours) had departed, Mr. O'Brien, having told the piper-the only one X ever heard in an Irish house (though I have been less fortunate in Scotland)-to retire, attended to> some hot water, sugar, and lemons, and observed, "And you like the Hag's Head? Well! I would not go there now if you were to give me a hundred pounds, and it's not but I want the money.* " Why, there can be no danger ! There's an iron railing at the edge." " Yes ; but I put that rail up after what happened to ran. I would not go to the place now if the Bank of Ireland railings were there." Presently he told me this story. The narrator was a white-headed ruddy-faced man with a massive brow, keen grey eyes, and resolute mouth and chin. "When I came into this property," he said, "I was away abroad, and it was some time before the agent wrote to tell me the house wa» ready for me. I did not know the country at all, and, like yourself, I had never seen, the cliffs of Moher. The day I arrived I took a look at this house, and then walked to the'cliffs with the priest with whom I was going to dine aft Ennistymon. I was astonished and delighted at the spectacle, the ocean rolling in from the west, ' the. next parish church in America,' as his reverence said. I had always heard there was some tradition' about the Hag's Head and. my family-how some old lady who was walking near the cliff with her grandson and heir was whisked into the sea by » sudden puff of wiud. And there are such puffs ! And they're very dangerous. Anyway, the grand- son succeeded, and they say the ghost of the old woman began to haunt the cliffs. As I was looking? down on the waves I felt as if I was going over too. I gave a about, and Father Michael caught me or I'd have been in the sea ! " Well, as I was driving home, I thought that as it was a beautiful moonlight night and a goed breeze waa blowing from the west, I would take a look at the breakers; they were roaring like artillery. So I got out of the gig and told the boy" to go home and bid a servant wait up for me. I struck across the sward straight for the Hag's Head. I had got within seventy or eighty yards oE it when I saw on the very edgo of the cliff a white figure. It was moving : alive and no mistake. At first I thought it was a sheep ; but getting nearer, I perceived that it was a woman in a white dress, with a white cap on her head. Then I remembered that there was some talk at dinner of a lunatic girl who had escaped out of the asylum at Ennistymon, I made sure that it was she, and I thought that I had just arrived in time to save her life, poor creature. My plan was te creep quietly behind her, seize her in my arms, drug her as far as I could from the edge, then secure her and haul her somehow to the road. I had got close and was just about to lay hold of her, when ' the thing' turned on rae such a face as no human beinc ever had-a death's head, with eyes glaring out of their sockets, through tangled masses of snow-white hair ! In an instant, with a screech that ran through my brain ' the thing' fell or threw itself over the face of the cliff. " It was some seconds before I recovered the shook and horror. Then, tremblingly, I crept on my hands and knees to the verge of the cliff. I looked down on the raging sea. As I .vas peering down over the Hag's Head I saw in the moonlight some white object coining up the face of the cliff straight towards me ! I am not superstitious or a coward. I tried to persuade myself it was a seal or a great seagull, but presently arms and hands wore visible-it was crawling hand over hand up the cliff. I jumped to- my feet and ran for my life towards my house. AB I ran the yell the thing gave when it disappeared over the cliff was repeated. Looking back there was the 1 dreadful sight. It came over the green meadow in pursuit of me, came nearer, not two hundred yards behind. I bounded like a deer up the avenue, and the door was opened by my man. Again the fear- ful sound close at hand. 'Shut! shut the door! Do you hear that ?' The man heard nothing. I went up to my room, looked at my face in the glacs j it waB pale, bute it was not that of a mad- man. " The windows of my bedroom looked on a large walled garden; the blinds were drawn and the i light of the moon fell through them. I WBB nearly undressed when a shadow was thrown on the I counterpane of the bed from one of the windows. There was someone on the sill ? The scream was repeated. A brace of double-barrel pistols lay on the table by my pillow. I fired the barrels, bang bang! bang! at the »window as fast aB I could' pull the trigger. I ran downstairs to the hall.- *. We called up every soul in the house searched every inch of the garden-there was soft soil under my window-not a trace of footstep nor of ladder ! I had my horse saddled at once and rode to Ennistymon and knocked up the priest. The first question I asked his astonished reverence waa, ' Tell me, was I drunk when I left you ?' ' No, you were as sober as you are now, Mr. O'Brien !' And then I told him what I have told you. . I never/ said his reverence, ' hearcH of anyone but the O'Briens hearing or seeing her, and they have her all to themselves. I can't make it out.' Nor can I either, Mr. Russell. I had a rail put up at the cliff where you get the best view of the cliffs. I have been there now and then of a fine day with. people-but aftor sunset-never! never! Good night." No wonder I had a bad night of it after the story I slept but little till morning, and then, as I was dozing off, I was startled by an awful ory. It proved to be the preliminary of a flourish by the piper for the skirl before breakfast;. 