CHAPTER XIV. PINKIE HAS" AN ADVENTURE^ Pirrnie was rapidly recovering, and the time drew nigh when he must organise his infant faculties into some line of action for maintenance. He had not been idle during a portion of his sickness. He rose from his bed a different, person in one re- spect-he could read a little, and every . day added to his powers in that direction. His progress was really quite astonishing. His face was paler than before, and his step was still unsteady. But his features were no longer expressive of vacancy, and his step was not shambling. His white forehead and finely moulded mouth and chin gave promise of considerable strength. How often at night he asked after the welfare of Winnie. This pleaBed Helen, and her pictures of tho girl were at times tinged slightly with the golden hue of affection. It may be stated, also, that the clear-eyed island daughter, with her "iss," and "WBSB," and sweet Gaelic accent, also inquried daily for finnie. One day Pinnie was feeling unusually depressed-he felt that ho was becoming a burden to the household. All were glad to see him so well, and to hear bim rattle . off 'literature'with moro or less readiness, i But the fact that he was a non-supporting . member of the group was painful. So, one day, when Helen returned from her labor, which still continued, Bhe found a note awaiting her. It was written in boyish script, and read as follows : 'Dear Miss Helen,-I thought I ought to get something to do. So 1 have bor- rowed a little money of Mrs. Smith, and I have gone over to Mr. Conrad North's to talk with him and see if heknowBwhat I can do. I will hope to be back as soon aa you do.-PINNIE.' Mrs. Smith had gone into the city shop- ping, and had not returned, and the maid of all work knew nothing of Pinnie's going. Eight o'clock and Mrs. Smith both came, and still no Pinnie. But at half-past eight, justas they were becoming alarmed, a note came from Mrs. North stating that 'Mr. Pinnie' would remain there over night At the North castle it had been a dull day. The light remark made by Conrad about a threatened raid on the down town office worried Mrs. North. Being fore- warned, of course Bhe felt that there was no real ; danger. However, what may be called thu 'feminine shadow' hungover her, and her mind refused to dispel the gloom. , 'The huge clock in the hallway had just struck 2, when thé heavy knocker on the heavy d<;or sent a chill through her slight frame. 1>v the time the man- servant was at the door. Mrs North waa at the, head of the ol fashioned staircase. The , door was open.'t. Then« tod a pile, lank, sickly-looking woman . : masculine raiment-ab least that w what Mr*. North suspected. The lar ... dark eyes looked strangely and sh* ; v upon the doubtful looking Mr. Bo w ho stood for a moment with- out say > ., wrrd, as if waiting directions from hi , «rrvss And when Bonar did spring I ?1 * i h a question, he did it care : fully, s< i<» HO Bc*re him away in case ? he wert ; Moat. V , -- .'An' >>tt kin I do fer the likes o' yer?' ,'Oan i ell me, mister, if Mr. North lives hi: " *InnV o'.r, an' we kin do that,' re- turned f ;i liman, without offering the ? desired .lotion. On tl . |I>HZ«I, or porch, near the '?? outer d- - mi huge rustic chair. With a stammering word Pinnie almost tumbled into this, much to the anxiety of the man. ? ' Och, me leddy, tho lahd is sick.' Mrs. North was by him at that moment, and asked of Pinnie ' My boy, are you mr '1 have been, Mrs. Nur th, but I am only so tired now. I walked from the ferry.' \- * Bonar will bring you into the bouse' and, as abe said this, the sudden thought came into her mind, that, perhaps, this had something to do with the threatened burglary. * But then,' she reflected in an instant, ' that was at the down town office, and surely this youth would not be an agent in such work !' Thon she said aloud : * You speak my name, but I d'» not remember to have met you, do you know me V ' Yes, I know you from the words of Miss Lamont. 1 came to talk with Mr. North, who can tell me what to do, probably.' 'Are you th« sick person of whom Miss Lamuut told us V Explanations were soon in order, and soon the stalwart Irishman, with a heart as big as a mountain, more or less, according to the size of the mountain, put his arm about the back of the chair, and, in a moment, the young gentleman was stretched out on one of those mammoth 'settees' which used to adorn the rooms of our grandparents. Mrs. (Torch brought a huge bed-spread and threw it over him, and in an incredibly short time Pinnie was asleep, dreaming of a MÍBS Iss and a Miss Wass, and paint palettes. At 8 o'clock he was still sleeping, and word was sent over to the cottage as we have seen. At 9 he was awakened ; the little dimity maid gave him a cup of tea, and Bonar put him to bed. And thus Pinnie had fallen into good hands. Ten o'clock came aa usual, and so did ] ll. Then Mrs. North was a little startled by a knock at the door. Bonar brought in a note and a package sene up by one of the trusted clerks. The note stated that a 'directors' meeting* would keep Conrad down town until-late, and sug- gested that she retire and not sit up for him. He also requested that the package be placed in the muniment room, and stated that one of the old watchmen of the office was even then on the grounds to keep an eye on the premises. The package was soon stowed away, and so was Mrs. North ; and all the great house was still. Mrs. North slept well, the storing of valuables in the muniment room being of frequent occurrence. The slow hours of the night crept silently on, tho muon rising full and high over the long pile of brick and masonry, and peeping through the trees. The faithful watchman filled and re- filled his pipe, and tramped back and forth upon that side of the house where the treasure was stored. About 1 o'clock the ferry whistle snorted as though angry at the lat? call, and the sound went echoing over hill and forest. It struck wildly upon Pinnie's unaccustomed ears, aB he lightly slept ia the vast bed, and he awakened in some slight alarm. It took a moment for him to realise where he was in the darkness-a darkness trimmed with the silver moonlight streaming into his room. He heard a key thurat into the door, a step coming softly up the stairs, a door open and shut-and all was still. He turned over once more to sleep-but his eyes would not stay closed. The late entrance was by Conrad. An hour after, in the hoavy shadows of the trees, upon the east sido of the boase, where the low moon was ousting a dark pathway of gloom from the tall chimneys to the trees, a man sat on the ground, calmly watching tho comfort of the faithful old guard, not ten rods away. He was still peacefully smoking his pipe. It was a tall, thin, cadaverous old man and we have met him before, though now no sepulchral cough warns us of hie presence. His face was not now of ashen hue. His eyes were bright and luminouf -MB ears keen to the unfolding of the beetle's wing. Every sense was alert. He carried nothing in his hands, bul around his waist was a cord, and on one end a small steel grapnel. In his belt a sheath-knife was hidden, and a pistol, both under a loose blouse. As the shadows deepened the old mac rose from the ground, stepped forward to the limit of the shadows as silently as s cst and briskly as a fox. . Inspecting the ground a moment, he darted to a dark recesa in,the building and to a portion of the structure where nc Bleepers were near within. A moment later and he was on the roof of tho moon- lit side-the guard being upon the other. He softly crept along the edge of the roo! with his feet in the huge gutters. He 8eemod to know his strength, and paused not a moment in his progress unti beneath the largest chimney on the build ing. He then threw himself flatly on the steep roof, and, with the aid of the kedge or grapnel, crawled to the mammoth flues. He know full well that no guare could distinguish a man's head or body al that distance amid the varying forms anc shadows of the roofs. ' A moment thereafter a dark fom emerges from the blackened wall of a large fireplace, in the great old dining- room oi the ancestral wing of the North home- stead. It hugs the wall in crouching attitude, with tread silenced by the wooi on the soles of his shoes. Creeping thu! to the further end, he reaches a pane! which he can only distinguish in the dark- ness by touch. Having located the place, he restfully straightens up and peen around the room, which apparently is oj the width of thestructure,having window; at both ends. He waits until his eyes enlarge to meet the darkness. The opium does its work. They are luminous, and, like two phosphorescent balls, burn in the gloom like the two flaming eyes of the panther. Though unseen, his¡face is aglow, and his heart fired with an irrepressible courage. But hi does not forget his ritual. Skill is use less without safety. Swiftly he darb across tha room, and tries to unfasten j window and push it open. It is in vain It is securely locked. Without a moment'i delay ho takes from his blouse a little brace and drill bit. In another mbmeni he is grinding away at the glass with i well-oiled drill 'of the hardest steel, anc in an astonishingly short time it ii through. He takes from another pocke a roll of black cloth. As he unrolls it ai oiled paper is taken off and the olotl pressed firmly against the pane of glass It sticks tightly to every part. Then the old man inserts the drill into the hole hi has bored, presses sideways-and thi glass breaks in every direction. But no a piece falls to the floor, nor is there an] noise. The glass is wholly glued to thi oloth. If driven from his work bi danger, he will plunge headlong througl this opening, but otherwise go as ht came. He now returns to his panel. No over ten minutes have been lost. Witl the butt ond of his sheath knife he worm à hole under the panel and pries it up He bends up the painted metal, but thi bolt of tho lock does not give way. Thi old man's slender hand is inserted-anc the keys aro his. Now the vault is opened-both doors The burglar enters, closii.g tho inner anc lighter door behind him. A ' lucifer" i scratched, and a dark lancern lighted lt. is tho supreme moment, to a ghou who preys> upon his fellows. And .hi: rapid heart-beats are audible to the oh man in tho silenoe-a silence which hi can almost feel within those brick walls The package lies before him. His hand; are upon it. What if, during thin work of darkness in the mysterious night, there had been i man of stout heart and herculean fram in that old dining room of the Norths 1 What if tlrs man, whoso courage ma; have been tested in the hot bittle, were t calmly seat himself in the dark shadows, while those two visible eyeballs, swept around the room, and thus watch the catamount cut its way silently through glass. And then follow them through iron doors to a windowless vault. And suppose this witness silently follows into the thick darkness and muBty air, and feels that there were two entombed-whence but one could come forth alive. And finally, what if that desperate old cat lights his candle lantern, seizes the treasure, turns quickly around, and finds himself face to face, not with a giant, but with Pinnie? Ye gods, but what a scene ! The old man cried aloud, stepped back a pace or two, dropped the package and trembled from head to foot-a cold pre spiration covering his body. ' The ghost,' he murmured. His ruddy face was white with fear, md the ashen hue crept over and upoc it. The effect of the drug was overcome by fear and a hollow cough filled the vault. It was all in a moment. Before-tho startled face of the youth had evinced his wonder, with paled lips at that phantom before him, quick as the flash of lieht from his knife, the old devil leaped to his viotim, and, flesh or spirit, grasped the yielding form by the throat and bore it to the stony floor. His knife was raised to strike ! But tho light reached that face before the knife. The descending knife swerved to the stone floor and the blade was broken from the hasp ! The blow had been parried by those grape-purple eyes-and a hopeless face which he had seen before. 'Dirt or devil?' he hissed as he loosened his hand upon the throat. But there was nb answer. 'Speechless? Then, by heavens, you are spirit !' Still the night eyes looked, calm and gentle, into his. The old wretch was fascinated. He took his hand from the throat and stroked the brow of the boy. ?.* Surely you are flesh and blood, Hubert.' But rot a word from Pinnie. The old man shook him. " Say, are you real ?' The lips parted and muttered something too indistinctly to be heard. * By heavens ! yon are real, or else this drug has played me false.' Then suddenly he changed his tone to tenderness. ' Look here, boy, I want to know who you are what is your name ? ' 'Pinnie,' gasped the youth as if in nightmare. ' The robber was thrilled as by an electric shock. '; ?* See here,boy ; is your name Pinnio 1 ' 'Yes.' ' Where did you get it? Did that come from a Spaniard called the Tiger ? ' ' Yes.' * Hell and fury Î Where did you com« from?' .The sea ' replied the youth, a bright ness in his look. Ami dreaming, »nd this but the phan tom of that drug? Young man, when have you boen for 20 years ? ' ' At. the school.' ' Whore dp you live new ? ' ' Where you saar me before.' .' * Well,boy,I shall not harm you, norie auy one else. But don't you ever let tha Spanish devil get his hands on you, o your time will be at hand.' ' Who are you ? ' asked the boy witl more confidence. ' Never mind. Your name is Hubert but make no changes now.' * And you-are-? ' * Stop ! Say nofc another word ' Bu it was not necessary to caution him. Th extraordinary influence of the face befor and over him and the expectation of deatl had sustained the" frail " boy. That re moved he fell back upon the outlaw's arc unconscious. The robber laid him gentl upon the floor and arose. . Quickly grasi iag the treasure, he passed through th vaulb< doors and passed to the fireplace But in that ten seconds a terrible struggl had been going on in the crime-scam breast of the man. He paused a momee and drew deep sighs. The next step was backward. Betracint he re-entered the vault, replaced th packet-and vanished. He could not: condemn his own son i shame, and perhaps to prison. 