WEEKLY JOTTINGS. Br Old Bot. Friday,November IS,the day chosen by the twopublic schools, Sootch College and Melbourne Grammar School, and by the Brighton Grammar School, for their sports, turned out one of the'fineetdaysof the season. A warm sunshine Just tempered by the cool south westerly breeze had an exhilarating effect on the con testants and onlookers alike. I was much perplexed as to how to spend my time among the boys. It was certain that I ooukl not be at Brighton, M.O.C. ground, and the Grammar School at one and the same time. I therefore chose the latter to begin with, and arrived in time to see Bevan win the quarter mile handicap with ease. The grounds looked lovely, and the many coloured dresses of the ladies outside the ring and the uniforms of the runners within the enclosure made things very gay. The Improvements were highly commented upon on all sides, and as I joined in the group of old Grammarians many expressions of approval issued from the lips of such old identities as R. Hayes and his brother Edward, the Nioolsoos, A. Thomson, H. Price, Foster Low, L. James, Greene, the Gaunt brothers, the Grahams, A. Walker, Buckland, C. W. Miles (whb was simply ubiquitous as a steward), Davis, Wragge, and many others. As to the running and the winners, the returns have already appeared in " The Argus," so it only remains' for me'to men _tion the notable performers. First of all Bevan II., who ran with great determination, and won the cup for the scratch events. Woodhouse next, whose prowess secured for him the open cup. His greatest performance was in the steeplechase, over a very hard course, which he won from Lempriere and Wilson, the stvle in which he cleared the water jump at the finish eliciting round after round of ap plause. He also ran a fine imoe in the mile. The football race, won by Mathews, caused great amuse ment; and so did the obstacle race; Bullivant, Austin, and Do re bring the most successful acrobats. Mein, in the under IS events; Parsons, who won the mile; Hewitt in bis numerous events, and finally in the cadet race; and Barrett, who walked so well, all came in for their share of applause, and each boy deserved all he got. Among the old boyB Flack, Nioolson, and Wragge were left to fight out the issue, with the result that Hack won. Alto gether the events went swimmingly, and the com mittee must be complimented on the success of the meeting. Turning my back on the old bluestone building and tower, from which the clock chimes were just clanging the hour, 1 strolled across the Botanical gardens on my way to the Melbourne Cricket-ground. Nature was certainly smiling on the schools, and made one think that surely there must be some kind spirit looking over the sports of the boys. Entering the beautiful Lord's ground of Australia 1 saw- such a congregation of old faces as well nigh astonished me. Fred Ball, W. Fleming (almost recovered from his illness), Gosmas, Dickens, Jos. Adams (now Dr.), W. Long, D. O. Levy, Colin Gray, Tom M'llwraitn, A. M'Kcan. Frank Robertson, Ben Green (playing tennis), J. K. Jackson, Ally Armstrong, E. Strachan, and I don't know bow many more, were there. These heroes of old times have many tales to toll of days gone by, and to the man who Is fond of reminiscences these annual gatherings are a great source of pleasure. But 1 am dwelling too long over these old boys, and am neglecting the present. Tom Anderson covered himself with glory by winning the school cup and title championship of the college. He showed con sistent form throughout the day, and well deserved bis position. S. M'Fariand vaulted and jumped well, and M*Kutt covered himself with glory by dealing 5fL (fin. in the high jump. W. Turner, who was flattered by the handicappers to such an extent that be had little or no chance, only scored one win, but that was a good one, in the steeplechase, winch he won like a workman. L. M'Fariand won- the cham pionship tinder 17. In the under 16 events, young *' Augur" Chapman delighted his friends " under the elms" by the way in which he romped borne. Under 11 contestants ran against wsuag in W. J. Pye ; while in tlje under IS dm, H. bairns was the hero ; and in the under IS yean cud division, Marshall was best. Had Jackson's condition enabled Ida to get more than about 200yds the Old Boys' Cup would have been bis; asit was Daries beat him in each of the longer raoes. The scene roonfl tire ground was a very gay cms, and the numerous ladies' dresses lent a deaoedly gay appearance to the enclosure. The beautiful little cricket-ground at Brighton was well patronised by the astern and the cousins and the aunts of the local schoolboys. Lioehan and Wragge, the swells of the school, had several ex citing oontests during the day, in which sometimes one and sometimes the other came off victorious. L. Hyland, too, was repeatedly conspicuous, and pleased his friends immensely. - Other prominent runners were J. Burkjtt, A- Jade, W. Gibson, H. Singleton, M'Borie, Carson, Sloane, and Yuille, Thurgood won the Old Boys' Cop in good style from Bamktns, Agg, and Crisp. A friend tells me that the eoene from toe pavilion was a beautiful one, and that the Interest was never allow ed to flag, the arrangement* made by Dr. Crowtber and bis boys, ae usual, being of the first water. A oonoert iB to be held in the Prahran Town-ball on Tuesday evening next, November SI, in aid of the sports rand of the St. Kiida Grammar BobooL The programme is an excellent one, and include l the names of ma^wdl-known amateurs in and around Melbourne. 4he tickets, which can be procured from Mr. Backhouse (head master), Mr. MoOtt (secretary), or at the door, are at the nsual papular prices—2a. and is. I hope to see a large attendance to help a deserving cause. The athletic sports meeting of Holy Ghost College, Ballarat, was held on Tueedgy, November 17. G. Bmlthwick won the maiden raoe for seniors, O. M*Swan the maiden raoe for juniors; J. Reddan the. President's Cup, College Handicap; Y. Donazby, the Juniors'Hondioap; J. Donagby, the Steeplechase; W. Darling, the Old OoUsgianff Race; M. KenneaUy, the Hurdle Raoe; V. Henneun-, the 100 yards handi cap far,boys under 12; D. Nposu,' the 800 yards handicap; and P. Moloney the SO yards handicap. R/Lafce kfoked the foemll A fbiS threwtbebricketbsllOeyarfa.W.M'Oarthy jumped 6ft fin. (Wgh jump), and M. Jteniiaally jumped lift, din. (long jump), xbe mile raoe waswonby J. Ivers, with 2*0 yards start There were a lew other events. 