tales and sketches. I TflE WORLD, THE FLESH AND THE DEVIL. j' BY MISS BKADDON. ; ALIRIMITS Rkervkd. I - Omftsr XIX.— "Some Dim Derision of |- Misieriods Laoohteh." I While Mi. Gilstono, the Reotor of Lowcombe, I irbose voret vice was procrastination, was ractli- I tiling a ceremonious call uponhia now parisbio- I cere, accident anticipated bis design, and I hceglit liim face to face with tlio young woman vao;e morab and cotton frocks had met with nil drastic treatment at Mrs. Donovan's Thurs- diy tea drinking. Sundering in the rectory garden on Saturday afternoon Mr. Gilstono's been glnnoe was at- taeletl by a figure seated near an old, old tomb- iloni in a corner of the church yard whore tbo rectory wall, in all its wealth : of foliage; made in angle with the willowy bnnk of the river. The suniiglit on the white cambric frock gave I that seated form and bent brown head an air of ssmething supernal, as it wore Dante's divine Illy in the light of Paradise. The rector stepped ran a little knoll That was'levelwith the top'of Its mil in order to 'look down upon tlio lady lilting en the tomb. ' " Yes, it was Mrs. Hanley— that Mrs. Hnnloy of whose antecedents nnd pfesent wny of life Low- embe spolro sliudderingiy. Ho could just distinguish the exquisite profile under the shady straw hat, ho could see the smell and delicate tar, transparent in the sunlight, tbo perfect nits ot the throat rising from a loosely tied Ucc handkerchief, the graceful lines of tho render girlish figure in the plain white gown. Ao ert had been used ' to enhance that perfect teiy, and none was needed. The purity of tee while eown. tin. simnlinltv nf fl,« tfnaMn I hi, were in harmony with that plaoid and ideal I wrelinecs; I , ehiltf, I hope with all my henrt that all I b well with her," mused the rector, ns ho I ncjiftl down from tho grassy knoll, and'strollcd I tothe gate opening into the clmrnlivnrd, and urn with quiet 'stop made 'his. way to the tomb I »?awst which Heater was sitting, on a grassy !!.q V .v" which pcriwinklo and- St. John's a bau been allowed to run riot, half covering 'te crumbling grey stones nnd olotbing the cum- limiearly Georgian sepulcliro with fresh young & Tl"s. "a3 a corner of God's, aero in Mkh the rector permitted a enroioss profusion « picturesque foliage, a certain artistic neglect I TO' part of his plan, i, Z 'coding, and on.looking down at slcfiy's Alastor aaw.thilt..sho was reading ft1 nr h,B pnund of ' hie, footfall itAilinff ftn calmly resumed lier Killing. Ho drew nearer,' hat in hand. ' Hinlev'M,?0 taroMucemyielf to' ybii, 'Mrs. tsrn i',,1'11.1 In Jll3 m|ld pleosant voice, " I . to rail upon yon and Mr. but i,ulknce and pro- m ust nlT 0,0 Vices,0f. old m"n- Seeing » m-y ea,rJo,i 1 "'ought I might r bere on SFv M,ty f ?SkinS friends with jm uere my own ground." - i'h VscahK iD c?nf"s'8?. blushing violently, thc-clts ami / G"msou Ovci brow and '"feaC beating with almost ilioaltbp ?i.« L \ 'v-.- "I1"®1 upon whose eouid hardfv hnvl it l"8t lail1 , iron hand kcmeu Trl i n aufTcre(1 more. In that ono kSTSPWiaiwhat-itwas cwakened sudiloMv")1' ' ,wn" as' if sho had Icnelf ulono i„ 'iLy tr0?i 8 dream of bliss to find ! to face witb n Pwi c? , w«rhndny 'world, face el punish. 8 T power to dcnoiinco l?okndary>all- loe fairy spleen wne? bo huroh'yn¥d, wlicro cmmblingsTonca g'W m 8VCry chinkof the Mine," said the Pee? ' 'l4?. 'la'sbbors for' some' little of vou I nm R1 T,e' 1 have seen so dutch— but i,e,l''"rry you" don't come to my 1® our simple vi?i yott 8ro people :who object farther ufielJ!" eci-vfces, and you go '®Ca. dlfcwoid?l V„ 8ny1,'arch;'', 'Hestet "ere to join ih sorbins ??'?' 'YPdaripyMf wo Cleaning for u? "hicli have, very. littlo ,#r all that is true Ih,l n'r f,'Jll,lovQ th Gp'apel pnnot believe k -a S - 81 In 't. but wa ¥'cve, and so it if I w .y?"r -cngregatiori ohutch," 't't is to stop away from army of ufeheTe .havnT|oin8d tho-grfat change in. the rcnt'l,.!! .8 Jtector, with no bought nn in ? i . B!rli,h ''P3- " Wore yoii '"ierH'unbeHovora 'If-werc your rtSedot a-i o7co;;c'de without qiieationing-holiovcd in the divinity ot Christ, behoved that He could euro the sick and raise tho dead, believed that He was near mo nt all hours of my life, nearest when I was in deopest sorrow." ' And when did you censo to beiiovo in His presence when did you loso the assurance of ft Saviour who could pity your sorrowa aud understand your temptatiortsV" " Doubt camo gradually, with thought/ and thinking over tho thoughts of others far wiser than myeolf. takoit j"a"'Cy' yoHr IlUB,>and, is an agnostic, I The drooping head bent a little lower: the lmnd on tho open book turned a leaf or two with a restless movement. "Ho does not believe in miracles," sho answered reluctantly. " Nor in a life to come— nor in nn Almighty God to whom wo are all accountable for our actions. I know tho creed of the youthful Free- thinkor-runivorsnl. liberty j liberty to follow tlio bent of his own desires and his own passions wherever they may lead him; and for tho rest the Gospel of Humanity which moans tall talk about tho grandeur and wisdom of man in the abstract, combined with a comfortable indiffer ence to tlio wants and sorrows of man in tho concrete, man nt Bcthnnl Green or Hagger- stono. Oh, I know what young men are," exclaimed the Rector, with indignant scorn ; how shallow, how arrogant, how' ready to absorb tho'floating opinions of their day, and to toko ready mado ideas for tho results of original thought. JFraukly, now, Mrs. Hanley, it is only swop ypur marriage that you have been an infidel V . Jlestcr faltered a reluctant 11 Yea." And then, after a brief pause, she began to plead for tho man sho idolised. " Indoed, he is not shallow or ignorant," she iV l,ns thought long and deeply upon tho religions of the world, has brooded ovor those instiuots which lead tho hopes nnd desires of all of us to a life beyond-— an unseen universe. He is not a strong man— he may never live to bo old— indeed I sometimes fear he will not, and wo have both talked' often and long about that other world whioh wo once believed in. AVo should be so much hnppier if we could bolicve if we could hope that whon death parts us it will not be for over, But how can we hope for the impossible — how can we shut our eyes to the revelations of soicnco— tho fixed, immutable law3 which bem us in on every side, and show us of what wo are mado uud what must be our eiid?" u Bust wo are, and to dust we must return," said tho Hector, V hut do you think there is nothing outsjdo tlio dust— nothing that will survive nnd ripen to more perfect life when tlds poor olay is under the sod ? Do you think that the innatd belief of all human kind 'carries no moral weight against tho narrow laws of existcnco under the conditions and restrictions in which wo know it ; conditions aud restrictions which may be changed in a moment by tho fiat of Omnipotence, as the earth is changed by an earthquake or the ocean by a storm. Who, looking at the placid, smiling sea could oonceive the fury and the force of a tempest if he had never seen one? You would finu it as difficult to believe in that level water lifted mountains high or in the racing surf, as to believe in the survival of intclleot and identity, the pnssage from a known life here to an uuknownjife hereafter. Tho philosophers of theso latter days call the unknown the unknowable, or the unthiukablo, and suppose they have settled and made an ond of everything whioh they cannot' understand. But I am not going to preach sermons out of church, Mrs. Hanley, Iain much raoio interested in you than in your opinions. At your ago opinions change, and change again — but the personality remains pretty much the same. Even if you and your husband don't como to church you are my parishioners, and I want to know more of you. I hopo you both like Lowcombc ?" " Oh, it is far more than liking. Wc both love the place." ; "And you mean to live among us? You will not grow tired of the river, even when winter sheds n gentle greyness over all that is now so brilliant? There arc peoplo who say they arc fond of the country— in summer. Tnko my word for it, tho souls of those peoplo are never far from Oxford-street. To love tlio country one must know and admire every phase and every subtle change of every season. Awaken ing from a loug sleep one should bo 'able to say at the first glance across tbo woods and hills— 4 this is mid October or this is Match.' One should know the season almost to a week. You are not one of those who only care for a mid summer landscape, I hope?" 44 No, indeed ! I love the country always— and I hato London." ; Tho shudder with which tho last words woro spoken gavo earnestness to the avowal. " You have not been happy in London," said tho Rector, his quick ear catching a deeper meaning than the words expressed. . 44 1 havo been very unhappy there." " And here you are quite happy. As a girl you had troubles ; your surroundings wore not all you could wish; but your wedded lifo is perfectly happy, is it not . "Utterly happy." V " Come to church, then, my dear Mrs. Han ley. Como and kneel in our.yillngo church— tlio old, old church, where so many have knelt, and given thanks , in joy, and been' comforted in altliotion. Come and give thanks to God for your happiness. It is not for you, who scarcely know what mathematics mean, to refuse to be lieve in a God becauso His existence cauhot; bo mathematically demonstrated. Your own heart must tell you. that you have need ot God— a consoienco outside your own consoicnco, a wis dom abovo your own wisdom. Come and kneel among us, and jjive God thanks that your lirics havo been sct;in pleasant plaocsr-anil, siuce I am told you are rich, come and work among our poor. It is good for tho young and prosperous tb interest' themselves in the old and needy. If you go'amoug our cottagers at first as a duty, and perhaps, thinking it an uuplcnsant duty, you will soon come to love' the work for its own sake. Tiicro is sweetness in your face that tells Die your hdarfc will open to the unhappy." ' :44 1 lovo visiting the poor," Hester answered, brightening a little at this suggestion. 44 1 have been poor, ond know what poverty means. I should like to go about among your cottagers— if — if my husband "—she faltered at tho word, in.spito of all those broader ideas which Gerard hod taught ber-if my husband will lot me." 44 He could hardly refuse you the happiness of making others a littlo happier— you who possess ail the material elements of happiness in super abundance. 'I- feci assursd Mr. Hanley will con sent to your devoting a few of your leisure . hours to my cottagers. I will only send you to wholesome cottages, arid really deserving people. :But,-A8 they areall good churchmen, I wantyou to come to church first. They are sure to talk to you about the church' services, and you will bo embarrassed, and they will be' shocked if you have'to 'say' that you never go to church. f-I can't toll you what that means to simple people for whom church is tbo ante- chainber of Heaven: To thorn it is anathema maranathai the abomina tion of desolation." v, ' 44I cannot go to church," said Hester, with avorted face. - '1' ' 1 "Hot even to thank God for your, happy life, for your marriage with tho man you love?" 44 No, no, no i" \ ; ' ' "Then; my dear young lady, you lead mo to think that this seemingly happy union is one for which you Jure not tlmnk God; or in plain speech that you are not Sir. Hanley's wife." Her sobs were her only answer. All those grand theories of universal liberty, of virtue that know not law, wnioh she had taken to her heart of Into, all she lied learned at second hand from Gerard, and at first hand from Shelley, vanished out of bcr mind, and she sat by the Rector's sido oruslicd by the weight of hor sin, ns deeply con vinced ot her own shame and wortlilcssucss ns alio who knelt amidst the accusing Pharisees and waited for tho punishment of tlio old law, unci- pcotant of the now law of mercy. " I am sorry for you, my dear young lady, deeply and truly sorry. You were not born for a iifo of degradation." " There is no degradation," protested Hester, through hor tears; "my love for him and his tor mo is too comploto and true ever to mean degradation. He lias rend much and thought much, and has got beyond old codes and worn out institutions. _I am as much and as truly his wife as it wo had been married in your ohuroh yonder." "But you are not liis lawful wife, and other wives, down to tho humblest peasant woman in tins village, will think badly of you, nnd nil Christian women will think you a sinner— a sin- ncr to bo pitied and loved perhaps, but a sinner all tho same. Why should that be? There is no other tie, I hope? Mr. Hanley is uot a married man? " Oh, no, no !" . '"-Thank God. Then ho must marry you. It will bo my duty to put tho matter before him in tho right light." " Oh, pray do not interfere," exelnimed Hes ter. "He would think I had como to you to complain— ho would lovo mo less, perhaps— would think mo designing, selfish, oaring only for myself. There is nothing in life I care for hut his liappihess, and lie is perfectly happy now. He knows that I am devoted to him, that 1 would give my Iifo for him—" ' " Yon have given your honor— that to such a woman as you ia sometimes more than life." "Honor or life, I could not count the cost of either for his sake." " And Iip mil of. Via n uillnin If 1<» .>« ..j.... i. , wv u mimiiii »1 uu uau 1u1ubu mj give you back the position from which you havo fallen — for liis sake." " It will come— it will como in time— I feel that he will do what is right— in liis own good time." 44 You cannot afford to wait for that. You ore far too good to occupy your present position for another day or hour, unless your betrayer will consent to make wrong right. Pray trust me, my dear young lady. Though I am a rustic I have seen something of human nature, and I will act with discretion. I will not be preoini- tate." 44 1 would much rather you did not speak— you don't know him. Ho is wayward and fanci ful—you may turn him against me— and we are so happy now — utterly happy— ond it may bo only for a short time. He has been told that he may not live long. "When he has gone all .my life may. be ono long repentance— ono long atonement for having made his last years happy." "My poor child, women have a natural bent for self-sacrifice, whioh too often leads them into sin. Como, come, my dear, don't cry ; nnd remember whatever may happen I mean to be your friend." Hester sighed. Tho circlo of perfect love—; that narrow, isolated spot in the universo in which she had been living for tho last seven weeks, was broken in upon suddenly from tho outside world, and everything in this golden dream of hers took new lights and new colors when looked at by other eyes. In that sweet solitude of two, they had been like Hero and Lcandcr, like Kosalind and Orlando, like any two creatures who exist only for each other, and for whom all tho rest of creation-is no more than a picturesque background to that dual life. Love in. its first brief intensity scarcely believes in that outer world. "Yes, my dear, however this story of yours may end—and I hopo and bolievo it will not end badly — you may rely upon my friendship," said the Hector, 44 and if you want a woman's help or counsel my old maiden sister will not with hold it from you. "When the world was 30 years younger I had a young wife whom I adored, and who had something of your complexion and contour, and ft baby daughter. Before my little girl was threo years old God took her, anil her mother, who lmd been in weak health from the time of the child's birth, died within a year of our loss. Those two nngel faces have followed me down the vale of years. I nover see a child of my daughter's ago without a little thrill of tenderness or pity. I never see an interesting girl of your ago 'without' thinking that my little girl might havo grown up like her. So you see, Mrs. Hunley, I havo a reason for beiug interes ted in you over aud above my duty as a parish priest." ' 44 You arc all that is kind," faltered Hester, 44 nnd I wish I wore worthier — " 44 It is not you who are unworthy. 'No; I will' say no more, lest I should seem harsh to one you love. May I walk part of tho way home with you?" " 44 1 shall be very pleased to have your com pany, but I hove a boat closo by." ' " " Then let me tako you to your boat." He: wont with her to a little reedy inlet, whore she had moored her dinghy, and ho stood on the bank and watched her as . sho sculled tlio light boat away towards tho setting sun, with tho easy air of ono used to tho work. "Poor ohild," sighed the. Rector. "How strange. that one is so . apt to feel more inter ested in a sinner than in a. saint., It is the mystery of human life that takes one's faiioy, perhaps; the sinner's appeal to pity, as against the saint's confidence in her own holiness. I supposo that is why Mary Magdalene is the most popular oharapter in tlio Gospel." Hester rowed slowly up the sunlit river, creeping closo in shore by tho stunted willow's which spread thoir low shadows across tho water. She crept . into the . shadow as the wounded deer creeps away to die, strioken to the heart by ' her conversation with Mr. Gilstono. It was tho first time that she had been brought face to fnco with stem reality sinco she had allowed her lover to lend her by the hand into the fool's paradise of unsanctioned love. He had taught her to believe that tlio sanotion meant very little, and that the loyalty and un selfishness of a mutual attachment were an all- sufficient proof of its purity ; but theso modern views of his did not stand by her for a quarter of an hour under the earnest interrogation of a villago parson. All her old fnBhioned ideas, her roverenco for God's word, her, shrinking from man's disdain, rushed back into her miud, and philosophy and free thinking were scattered to the winds. She stood confessed a woman dis honored by the sacrifice love had exacted from her. : She looked baok to those qniet evenings by the river, when she and her father had walked up and .down iir the starlight, with Gerard Hillersdon hestdo them, sympathetic, respectful almost to reverence. Ab, what bliss it had been then to listen or to talk with him in .that tranquil'honr when tho burden of daily care had been laid' down ! ' What calm and unalloyed happiness, without thought or fear of the future —without regret for the past. ' How altered now were her thoughts, when to look' baok upon the past 'was horror, when to think of the future filled her 'whole being with aching fear. . . . . This had been one of her rare days of soli tude and it was ending badly. , Gerard had loft for . London after their leisurely breakfast and was not to return till the 8 o'clock dinner. Busi ness or .whim had urged him to spend a day in tho metropolis— to lunnh at oho of his clubs and to hear the gossip of town and country from mcu.who wore "passing through"— to brcatho that more piquant atmosphere of the world in which everybody koows everybody else's latest secret. .The freshness and tho quiet of tho country would bo all tho more delicious, he told himself, nftor. that brief, pltingo into -tho dust and movement of tlio town. . Hester had not pouted or looked sorrowful at his departure, but the day hud been sorely long ; and now this chaiico meeting with tho Rector had filled her with sadness and apprehension— dread lest he should, break tho "spell that held their tranquil lives, by a vain interposition upon bor. behalf. And then came the agonising thought. that hor lover, in spite of. a devotion that' seomed all absorbing, did not love her well enough to make her his wife. Sophistry might make their union seem beautiful without the, .bond of marriage; .but that question remained unanswered— Why were thoy . not married? At this quiet evening hour, perhaps one of tho saddest .in Hester's life, there cauic suddenly upon her tho sound of laughter — a man's frank laughter, joyo:is as, tho song of birds, joyous almost to ecstasy ; nnd round the bond of tbo river a stcam launch, gaily, decked with crimson draperies and Oriental oushions, came quickly towards her, with the figures of its occupants defined against the brightness of the western sky. Foremost of- the group stood the tali and lissom form of a young man with yellowish auburn hair and sharply cut features, and grouped ftboiit lnin were women in light summer gowns and airy hats, aud young men in . white flannels. A ripple of laughterand joyous voices wont past her as they. passed, and then above it all rose that same mirthful laugh she had heard before the boat. came in sight. The laughter of the man with, auburn liair and pale, sharp cut face was wafted up up the river, in the wake of the boat, on the soft evening air. That joyous group of youcuim strangers toucneu ner witu a keener sense of her own loneliness — hor father mysteriously vanished out of her life ; the friendship of all old friends for ever forfeited by her conduct ; nothing and no ono left to her save the man for whom she had surrendered all. If lie should grow weary of her, if he should change, what had she on earth? Nothing 1 Her glances turned involuntarily to one deep shadowy pool she knew of under an .Inward curve of the bank. Nothing but death i And in the now dispen sation of Darwin, Spencer, ond Clifford, death by suicido was no more terrible .than death by inevitable decay. Tlioro was no afterwards — there was no Great Father outside" this littlo world to whom the self destroyer hud to render up his account. At a quarter to 8 came , the glad sound of wheels— sound for which Hester had been listening for the last half hour, and two minutos later Gerard was in the lamp lit hall, amidst tho cool freshness of newly outToses, and Hester was in his arms, "faltering her fond welcome between tears and laughtur. 44 Why, ray darling, you are almost hysterical. This' won't do,' HettieJ"- . 44 The day has been so long. But you are home at last," she sighed, drying her tears, the first he had seen since one stormy burst of weop-. ing' which he must needs remember all his life ; the passionate tears of a woman betrayed by the man she loved too well to puuish, even by her resentment. 44 Home at last— home by the very train and at the very -hour I named — and uncommonly glad to be home, sweet wife !" r. Howglibly lie pronounced the name— and yet, and yet, she blushed at the sound, as she had not done since its novelty had worn off, and she accept ed the gojpel of freo thought. All that the good old parson had said to her was in her thoughts that night, though she smiled and brightened and grew happy in .the, companionship of the man she adored. He had come homo laden with gifts for her— books, trinkets— not valuable gems, since she steadfastly refused any such gifts— but the light and airy inventions of modern art— new settings of moonstones or -sfarstoncs, fairy like silver hair pins, ornaments that would be worthless when their fashion was past, dainty toys and trifles to soatter about tlie tables, grotesques in: silver and enamel, Dresden china bon bou boxes, | Japanese idols., . . "Throw them into the river if you don't like, them," he said, ah they sat at the cosy round: table after dinner, with the lamplight .shining upon the glitteriug toys wliicli Gerard produced one after another from a capacious leather bag, 1 taking child like pleasuro in Hester's wondering: admiration, 44 1 am growing richer and riehor— appallingly rich. My stocks aud'sharos wore; chosen with rucIi extraordinary foresight by thn'tj marvellous old man.with the umbrella .that, the Value.bf them has gone on inoreasing ever siiico; he bought their. My Rosarios, my< South Westerns, my Waterworks, British aud Foreign, my Londou Guarantee Shares— everything I own has an upward tendency. I cannot epeiid a quarter of rny income, unless I do something! wild ahd'fdoltsh. Think of something, Hester! Imagine some mad, delightful escapade which would cost us twenty, thousaud in . a week's excitements We must launch out somehow !" 41 1 can imagine nothing so. wild or foolish as my love for you," said. Hester, growing suddenly thoughtful, "for when you cease to caro for mo I must die. There will be nothing left.",.'; 44 Oeaso to caro for yoii ! While there Is con sciousness here,", touching his forehead, ' 44 that will never bo 1" \ . . " And you really lovo mo— with all your heart?" : ' "With all my heart, and mind, and strength. There's the Churoh Catechism for you. I am surprised! can remember so much of it." Chapter XX— 14 As / Gentle . . and as Jocund as a; Jest." Mr.' Gilstono thought long and seriously of lus interview with the young lady who / was known to Locombe as BlrsI ' Hanley.' "In liis , many years' widowhood, during . whioh' ,his,; maiden sister Tabitha had cared for his creature com forts, kept bis servants in' order, 'maintained a spotless propriety'- throughout !iis; roomy , old house, and assisted ' him with counsel and manual babor, in .his/ cherished garden and churchyard, lief mind had become the other half or his mind,' and he bad no scorots from her, not even the secrets of other peoplo; so within a few hours of that conversation in God's Aero Tabitha Gilstono know - as much of Mrs. Hanley's sorrows as her brother had been able to discover. Tabitha was not surprised to hear that there was something wrong. That had been deoided by tho consentient voices of Lowcombe some weeks ago. Tabitha sorrowed for this poor young woman, as sho always sorrowed for human error, with its inevitable sequenoe of human suffering, most especially when the sinner was young, and perhaps with just ono extra touch of tenderness when the sinner was fair. She was sorrowful, but she was not sur prised. She was not one of thoBO womon who are quick to pronounco the female sinner a calculating minx ; and tho male sinnor&u; artless victim. Sho felt very angry with tho unknown owner of the Rosary, and denounced him in un measured terms. "The scoundrel," abo criod, 44 not content with .having brought disgrace upon a pretty, refined young creature, he must needs try to pervert her mind. First ho makes her an outcast, and then he makes her an atheist." , "Don't bo too hard, Bertlia," remonstrated the Rector, 44 1 daresay Mr. . Hanley does not think ho is doing any wrong.in introducing this poor gir! to the now learning. He thinks that ho is leading her Into the light of truth, not into the darkness of infidelity. Yoii don't know how arrogant tho new sohool of agnosticism is, how confident in materialism as the royal road to tho well being of mankind. For iis who believe the unbelievors can find nothing but contemp tuous pity. I expect to find this young man a difficult subject to deal with. Ho has been spoilt by too niuoh wealth and a little learn ing." ''But you will do all you can, Basil," urged Miss.Gilstonc, 44 you will persuade him to behave honorably ; or if he is such a wroteh as to refuse I hope you will persuade that poor girl to leave him at once and forever. Let her como to us if she is friendless; I will find a homo for her, either in this house or with some of my friends." 44 Ah, Tabitha, how many girls have we ever succeeded in turning from the way of ovil while there were nny flowers along the path ? It is only when they come to. the. thorns and. briars that tliey cau be persuaded to turn baok. How ever, I menn to do my uttermost in this oase.". 44 And how muoh good you have done in such cases, Basil ; how many happy wives and mothers .on the other side, of tho world have to thank you that they are hot outcasts in the streets. of London ?" .! 'f ! t The keen impression made by her conversation ' with: the Rector woro off as tlio drcainy days went by, nnd Hester once more was happy, and uimshamed of her happiness, like Eve in Eden. The rivcr. was still at its liveliest, and Gerard and Hester spent the greater part of their, days in- a punt moored in .some romantic backwater or by some willowy cyot, bo stretched, in syba rite idleness among down cushions, she reading aloud to bim. She had a beautiful voice, and oy long nauit reading aloud had become very easy.to her. Together in this way they dipped into Wr. K. . Clifford and Herbert Spencer, Comtc and Mill — he picking out chapters or essays for her to read, she accepting meekly whatever he put before her as the best. ... Tliey read the poets also, in these golden afternoons, wheu there was just enough of coolness to make tho west wind crisp and pleaaut, and no hint of a wind from the east. One- morning she happened to miration the launch, aud the fair haired, pale faced young man whose joyous gusts of laughter had intensified her sadness. . " I felt melancholy and despondent that afternoon," she said, 44 and his laughter Bad- denedme." 44 Describo him to me again, Hester,-" said Gerard. 44 Stay." He sketched a profile lightly in tho fly leaf of a book, and handed the book to her. 44 Was . your laughing youth like .that ? " . " Yes," she oried, wonderingly, 44 that is the very face. You know him, then?" , v Yes, Iknow him." , r He took a letter out o£ his pockot, and re read it, frowningly, a letter that had come to him with his last batch from the post office at Reading. 44 What has become of you ? Where arc you hiding yourself ? " wrote Justin Jermyn. " Surely, yoii are tired of your Garden of Eden by this time. , I heard of you in London tho other day, so you have not carried your, bliss to some far away valley where the novelty of yoiir environment might prolong the freshness of your feelings. I can fancy no impassioned lovo lasting more than six weeks. The strain upon mind and imagination is too great — :the tension must snap' the cord." . "May not ono see you? Is your happiness too sacred for the vulgar eye of a friend ? I feel sure the dear young lady would like me, however she may object to tho ruck of your ncquaintanco —and for the rest I am discretion itself— a .very lion's mouth for any secret you may drop into me; as deep, .as silent, as that deep water near the church of St. George the Greater, .where the etiemies of the Venetian republic sleep so quietly. Seriously, ! am pining to see. you. . Tell rae when and where I am to "go to you. Remember, there is a mystic. sympathy whioh links yoqr life to mine. You cannot escape me. SViletHer you will or no, in your joys and in your sorrows, ! shall be near you.— Yours for life, ! J. J.'l; A hateful letter to Gerard in his present mood, rendered still more hateful by tbo idea that Justin Jermynmight bo his near neighbor. . "Did you see tbenanie of tho launch?" he asked. ' i ... 44 No; I only noticed the young man's face, and that the girls who were grouped about him were, handsome and, attractive. Is he a man whom you dislike?" . 44 Yos, when I am away from him. But when I am in his company he always contrives to amuse. and' interest me, so that, in spite/of my- self, he seems my doareBt friend."- .. , 44 1 understand," said Hester. 44 He is very clover— out not' a good man. And yet lie had such a joyous laugu, and seemed so happy. " ; "'My dearest;, do yon think only tbo .'good people are' happy. . 'Some of the most.- joyous spirits in this world have gone along with hearts utterly :'ahd innately.bad." . They were taking tea on tho lawn a day or two after this.conveisation, . their, rustic, table and restful wicker chairs grouped under a great weep ing, ash which! had once been the chief feature of the cottage garden,' when a boat shot rapidly 'towards' the rustic landing stage, and a lisaom form appeared upon' the steps, and camo with airy footsteps, mercurial, vivid m light, across the dose' shorn tdrf. V : ".At last," cried Jusim Jermyn.- "I thought I could not bo mistaken." . "In" whom', or in what?".askcd Gerard, start ing to his feet and 'contemplating the . unbidden guest with a most forbidding frown. ! " In liiy. old friend Mr. Hanley. , I am staying with Matt Muller, tho landscape painter, on his house boat bard by "Wnrgrave ; and Tdieard, casually, the description of b certain Mr.: ana Mrs. Hanley, who are in some wise mystery to the neighborhood— tho lady. bxqulsitely.'bc'auti- ful.(with a bovir and a smile for Hester); tho gentleman inordinately rich, young; idle— all that my dear friend Gerard is in short. % So I made a shrewd guess as to Mr. Hanley's identity, and — me voieu Pray present mo to Mrs. Hanley." -i He stood before them smiling, self assured, light as Ariel . himself, clad from top to toe in whito,' and with glints of 'sunlight in his blonde hair, and a delicate transparency in his blonde complexion', untouched by wind or weather. Ho looked as if nothing were further from his thoughts than tlio suspicion that his company could be in any wise distasteful. Heater bad risen in confusion, and stood lean ing a little against one of tho low branches of the ash, blushing painfully, This was the first visitor who had broken -tho spell of thoir sweet solitude, and, as in her meeting with the Rector, she felt again the sharp bitter sense of being brought faco to face with that outer world which could but think ill of her. ' 44 Mr. Jermyn— my wife, "said Gerard, gravely, . with cmpliAsis upon tho word wife. Justin Jermyn dropped into one of tho low chairs, settled himself in a nest of dainty Moorish cushions, - rind waited to bo refreshed with tea, which Hester prepared for him with hands which trembled a little, dospito her eiforts nt solf oon- ' trol. In her conversation with the Reotor.tho sense of the old- man's fatherly pity hnd been iriore than she could.bcor without tenrs. In the 1 presence. of, Justin Jormyn that whioh she felt -was the senso of a; hiddon malignity, tlie con sciousness of bcirig despised and made light of : by tho man who fawned upon her. She handed him hb enp in silence, offered him the light driirities from tho'prottily decked tablo with the air of performing a social duty in which her inclination had no part, and when she -had done this she opened a big Florentine um brella, nnd walked slowly away, leaving the two men under the ash. ' - :: ' ' ' : i.":How shy she is,'.' said Jermyn, looking after her,':" and how lovely. Even your rapturous tirades, had lmrdly prepared mo for so much beauty. Yes, it is tho toue lfaifaello friee— the transparent piurity of coloring— tlio ' delicate rind unobtrusive features— '"t" ' ' " -""Why did: you hunt me- down- hero ?" ds- maridedGerard, rudely hreaking;.;in:uppii:these encomiums. , "Do yon supposo tlmt vvUen a mriri'h'ris .mado ri' paradise for himself— reinoto and secret — he ivarits -to bo intruded upori hF— ' '."The; serpent,'' interrnpted Jermyn; i-;"Per- hrips not. ,,Y"ek tho serpent always finds hb.wny iri throqgh some gap in the hedge. Arid nf tor nil there'must be limits to the pleasures of ; a dqil solitndo.'1 Lovo may' remairi' unchanged, brit' ideas -bcoomo orhaustodj land 'the:''fe<ef-d' tele begins.: to horo, .If: tho . sorpontuhadn't npsot everything nt on erirly stage iri thoir union, how ' heartily sick of Ederi Adam ririd'Evq must have, becoirie by tho time'Cain arid Abel wore' wearied; "Don't be ringry Gerard; 'Granted that' I rim a pushirig endi and that I'go where I like to go rather than where I am wanted. , ; I:comc.to you with nil the news of the town— of trip, world- fresh in my mind, the'sraridab' and follies, 'rin'd the'socinl : entanglements of which your: news papers. tell you nothing. : ' You oan surely put up with mc for nnlionr or BO."yr ;:: -ri .«:; Gerard put up. with him till midnight He . dined at tlie Rosary,' arid tho little . dinner ,of three had ri'gaiety.'wHioh tho <e(e A icte dinners bad somewhat looked lately. Even -Hester wris amused by a style' of conversation that was now to her, and tho unpleasant effcot of Mr. Jermyn's personality wore off, nnd was almost forgotten." Ho evidently liked "arid, admired Gerard, and that wris mneh iri his favor. : Tlie moon was at tho f ull, silvering wood arid meadow, river nnd islet, as they bade the vbitor good night, and stood and watched him row down the stream towards 'W'argroye, a ghost-, like figure iu his whito raiment; under that cold white light. > ! " " 5 :'> 'l-;- . " Ho amused you, : Gerard, ri said : Hester, as they walked elowly back to tho house. ."I was gbd to hcar.you laugh; so merrily.., We havo been too serious of late— our books have saddened us." " ' , ' : "" " Yes, tlioy all tell the same story ; that nature is everything nnd wo are nothing;: Jermyn b an amnsing rascal, and,; as I told you yesterday, I -like liim well enough when I am with him." " You called me your wife when you "intro duced Uitn to mo," murmured Hester, hiding her face upon his shoulder. " Yon will nevor llet him find out that I am— anything.lc3B than your wife — will you, Gerard? I.feel as if that man's. ' scorriwould wither me."..; .... "His scoi-ri ! My derireBt, ho admires yori beyond measure, rind do you think ho ' is . the land of man to bo influenced, in his- opinion ofj any. woman by a marriage certificate? He knows; that I. adore you. Ho shall never know any thing else ribout us bnt thrit we are devoted to each other. "' Arid 'if ho;'is 'over wanting in Teverimoo for you,' iri: the smallest degree, ho shall never enter our honse again." 