Chapter II. The season was almost over. Already the various seaside resorts were being discussed. The fashionable world was beginning to take flight, and still Colonel Stanley lin- gered in town, apparently he had forgotten about his journey to Worcestershire. His sister, Mrs. Hamilton, racked her pretty head in vain, for the motive of his change of plans. Could it be that her youngest guest, Lucy Forrest, was the attraction ? he certainly seemed to like her society, but then, somehow the manner did not seem that of a lover, at least, by no means as exacting a one as she had always expected he would be ; no, she did not think it could be Lucy. One day she taxed him with the vexed question, but he only laughed at her good humouredly. ' You were always an inveterate match- maker,' he said, ' but in this case, I don't think Miss Forrest would be very grateful to you.' ' Lucy, oh, nonsense ! I am sure she likes you.' ' I hope so.' ' Now you are laughing at me,' she said irritably. ' Laughing at you, my wise little sister. Perish the thought.' ' Well tell me, Hubert,' returning per- sistently to the attack, ' when are you going to Worcestershire.' ' Do you want to get rid of me ?' he asked reproachfully.' ' You know I don't. How absurd you are, I wish you would live here always.' ' Well, don't send me away just yet, I am very happy in my present quarters, and in no hurry to exchange them for the unknown horrors of my own place. To tell the truth, Bertha, I am waiting until I can with decency ask you to leave the enjoyments of town, and go with me to guard against the terrors of moth and rust. I expect the old place is crumbling to decay.' ' I will go with you when you like,' she answered obligingly. ' But how about Hamilton ' looking slightly discomfited by such unlooked-for readiness. ' Oh, he can do without me for a few days.' ' Oh, no, I can't expect that ; Hamilton will wish me back in India again if I go robbing him of his wife. No, I want to persuade you all to come and spend a long time with me ; George likes country sports, and it will seem like old times, and scare away the ghosts to have the youngsters racketing over the old place.' ' But we shall be such a party,' she said deprecatingly. ' So much the better,' he answered heartily, ' and you will be doing me a real charity, Bertha, if you will take the reins of government in those energetic little bands of yours, and set the place in order.' ' For the new Mrs. Stanley ?' she said slyly. ' Yes, if you like to put it so,' he said laughing, but reddening a little through the bronzed skin, at her persistence. And so it was settled, and Bertha had per- force to remain, still with her curiosity un- satisfied and her suspicions more than ever aroused. ' It must be Lucy,' she mentally deter- mined, ' I shall keep my eyes open for the future, Mr. Hubert ; and oh, I should be pleased. She is such a charming girl, and he really ought to think of getting married now. He must be getting on for forty— quite an old bachelor.' But she laughed as she said it to herself, for Colonel Stanley was quite her beau ideal of a man even now, and certainly as he stood before her, his tall fine figure making her appear so diminutive she was right in thinking him an unusually handsome man. He was very dark for an Englishman, with black curly hair and a thick moustache, with rather a grave, almost sad expression in his large dark eyes. Lucy must admire him, she thought. He is just the style to captivate a young girl. The sort of his face is for the hero of a three volume novel ; but Hubert was always a strange fellow. He must have known some romance in his thirty-nine years, and yet how reserved he has been about it. Ah, well !' and looking up again, she encountered her brother's amused glance. ' How many grey hairs have you dis- covered after that severe inspection,' he asked, running his fingers rather consciously through the dark locks. ' None, you conceited fellow ! I was thinking—well to tell the truth, I was com- paring you and Carlo.' ' In favour or your dog, I suppose,' he said in an aggrieved tone, but stroking the old retriever affectionately, ' Well, never mind, old fellow, you would be a formidable rival for any one.' ' But less for you than most men,' she re- plied mischievously as she got up to leave the room before she had made her last com- plimentary remark, ' for you know, Hubert, you and Carlo have so many points in com- mon—are the same style of beauty in fact— both big, black, and curly.' In a few minutes she was back in the room again, dressed in her out-door costume. ' Will you drive with me this afternoon, Hubert ?' she asked, though she alwaya re- ceived the same answer, even if the excuse varied. ' Thanks, I can't to-day, I am too busy. I must answer some letters this afternoon.' ' Very well, see you again at dinner.' And this time she was really off, and the departing carriage-wheels were heard. ' The letters must wait,' he said, after a moment's irresolution, and he fetched his hat and went out, and walked briskly in the direction of the Park ; he did not enter the gates ; but walked on rapidly until he came to Lancaster Gate. 