The Doctors Shook Their Heads. "I would give a million dollars for a stomach." said a wealthy American recently. Now, a million dollars (£200,000) is a deal of money, but he was not able to buy the article evi-n at that juice. Mr. Thomas Gaskin, of No. 3, Poplar Ron-, Darley Abbes', "ear Derby, is not so rich as many. King a gardener, but he was ready enough to give all be had for one thing he hadn t pot. Here is his story, and he shall tell it in his own way. Air. Gaskiu goes on to Bay —" fp to tight years ago I had never lost an hour's work through sickness. In Decem ber, 1882, whilst living at Beeston, near JCot .tinghani, my appetite fell away, I had dread ful pain after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would fill with water and slime, the latter so thick and .sticky that I often had to remove it with my fangers. My chest used to 'fill uj>' and my throat would swell bo I cculdn't button my shirt at the neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly a yellowish-green phlegm. 1 had a racking cough, and would cough and strain till I bled at the nose and the blood rushed out of my ears. I became exhausted and short of breath and had to call the doctor, and was,in bed fire or six- weeks. "I then went as out-patient to the Notting ham Hospital, and after attending there for six months was very little better. I got bo thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with me. For eighteen months I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the doctors recommended me to try a change of air. So I came to Darley Abbey and my former master gave me an in door recommendation to the Derbyshire In firmary, Derby. I found, however, that all the beds in the hospital were full, and I saw my club doctor and also two doctors at Derby. The first one said—' You arc in a gallopiitg con sutnjvtioii, and r<iust die; the other doctors, after sounding my lungs and chest, said nothing, bvt shoo!: tlieir heads. "Getting a trifle better, my oM ma.«tt-r allowed me to do what little I could in his gardens and grounds; and some days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few day?. Things went on like this until De ceuiber, lSSt>, when I caught cold, got very f lioit of breath, and broke down completely. I was always coughing and spitting up phlegm, sometimes as much as a teacupful at once, and fas afraid to go to sleep for fear the phlegm vould cltokc >/ie At tliis time the whites of my eyes turned yellow and my eyes were blood shot. My lips and mouth were dry and parched and I often broke out into a cold clammy sweat. My tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. *' I managed to get up for a few hours at a time, but vas so weak I had to take- bold of the furniture to more a few yards. I was was always tired aad weary, and sitting or lying was never at ease and got no real rest. Too weak to read I often sat for hours looking at my hands—nothing but skin and ijone, and wasso nervous I couldn't bear the least noise, and the children at play quite upset me. "The doctor kept on attending me, but he said, 'lean do you no good; I can only patch you tip, Ucause your lungs are diseased.' I then gave over taking his medicine and tried everything I could hear of. One thing was a cough cure from London that cost 225. a bottle. But nothing did any good, and my friends who came to see me said, ' Well, you won't cough Tiivh longtr ; you imvc tiierely to prepare for another toond.' "About the middle of March, 1889, a neighbor named .To^ph Tathani, who works in tlie paper mills at Darley Abbey, Biid to me, * Ton, did you ever try Mother SeigcVsSyrup?'' and told rue how he had been cured after being in the hopital. He spoke so much in praise of this medicine I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr. Smith's stores in Victoria-street. After the first dose I had an evacuation black as ink and vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine for three days my breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I was able to go out for a short walk. By the end of a fortnight I went to see my master, who asked what had wrought the improvement, and I told him, a.s I tell every one, that Mother Seigel's Syrup had saved my life I commenced work at once, and have never lost a day's work since. " Of course my strength did not return all at once, but after taking Seigel's Syrup for sU niMiths I was strong as ever in my life and have continued so ever since." In giving bis consent to tbe publication of this remarkable statement Mr. Gaskin requests us to refer all doubters to him or to Mr. Keetley, Head Gardener, Darley Abbey, who is acquainted with all the facts alleged. Mr. Gaskin has lived at Darley Abbey 22 years and bears an excellent reputation. Now, what was the complaint from which he suffered ? Not galloping coixsumplion, cer tainly (as one of the dortors thought), or he vovld hare <ia'lo)xd into his (irate in less thin tltrec month's _ instead of growing worse for seven years. His complaint was chronic in flammatory dyspepsia (or chronic gastric catarrh), which has lung symptoms like consumption, for which it is so often ienorantly mistaken and wrongly treated, when the right remedy, Mother Seigel's Syrup, was used the disease yielded, as all diseases of the digestive tract do yield to that magnificent preparation. We heartily con gratulate Mr. Gaskin on his recovery and commend the facts of his cr.se to aU thinking people. 331uz10x332-4C 