The Seeret of Belair House. CHAPTER XVI. -THE POSTSCRIPT. CHAPTER XVII. — MR. BRACKEN- RIDGE'S NOCTURNAL ADVEN TURE. CHAPTER XVIII. -KATAEANGO, THE MAGICIAN. CHAPTER XIX. -THE ISLAND OE INCHMALLOW. CHAPTER XX THE WOMAN IN GREY. CHAPTER XXI.— A MUTE WITNESS. CHAPTER XXII. — JANE GARROD'S QUEST. CHAPTER XXIII. — MR. DUPLESSIS WINS THE GAME. CHAPTER XXIV. — WHO WROTE THE LETTERS? CHAPTER XXV. -JERRY'S NEW TOY. fTFT A PTFTi Y\'VT. .TDHN AND HIS NURSE. CHAPTER XXVII.— JOHN , ENGLISH TELLS THE STORY OF HIS LIFE. CHAPTER XX VIII. —AT PE VSE Y BAY. CHAPTER XXIX.— AT GRELLIER'S ALMHOUSES. CHAPTER XXX. — A FRUITLESS VISIT. CHAPTER XXXI.— LADY SPENOE- LAUGH'S APPEAL. CHAPTER XXXII.— JIM BILLINGS IS WANTED. CHAPTER XXXIII— WHITE GRANGE. CHAPTER XXXIV. -THE READING OF 'J 'HE WILL. CHAPTER XXXV. -EVIDENCE FOR THE PROSECUTION. CHAPTER XXXVI— MR. PENNING S PROPOSITION. CHAPTER XXX VIL — THE FAMILY V AOUJ.. CHAPTER XXXVIII.— WAITING FOR JERRY. CHAPTER XXXIX. -A SECRET. EX PEDITION. CHAPTER XL.— THE EAST WING. CHAPTER XLI— A MAD WOMAN'S REVENGE. CHAPTER XLII.— ANTOINE-S NAR- RAT1VE. CHAPTER XLlIL-rA GHOSTLY VISI TOR. CHAPTER XLIV.— P.P.C. CHAPTER XHI— Continued. Madame passed a great portion of tbe second day in bed, reading a French novel, and was rather in clined to be captious and fault- finding; .but ultimately she was brought into a better frame of mind by the nice little dinner served up by J ane, to procure the material for which Abel had been . turned out of bed at 4 a.m., and started off by the early carrier to Eastringham. Twice she asked J ane whether it were really true that Miss Spencelaugh was such a great heiress as people repre sented, and on being assured that such was the fact, expressed much sasisfac- tion. True to his promise, Mr. Duplessis drove, up to the station on the after noon of the third day. Madame had been expecting him for half an hour past, and was therefore quite ready to . start. Having settled Jane's very reasonable little bill; and having, over and above it, pressed on her acceptance a liberal douceur, which she as steadily refused to take, Mr. Duplessis assisted his sister into the gig which he had brought to fetch her, and resumed the reins ; and was just on the point of starting, when madaine arrested him for a moment by laying her hand on Iiis arm. " Let me get down, Henri Duplessis," she said to him in French, loud enough for Jane to overhear her. " I am' afraid of you. I will not go with you to-day. Let me descend, I say!" : ' / : ' The only answer 'was a mocking laugh, and a sharp angry lash with the whip, which made' the . horse bound madly forward, and drowned all further words. Jane Garrod, standing on the step outside the door,- saw a white frightened face turned to her for a moment, and then the gig and its occupants were lost round a turn of the road. " He did not say to what place he was taking her," muttered Jane to . her self as she turned into the house; "he only said that he. was taking, her to some friends. Pray Heaven that no harm befall her ! /' It seems to me that I've seen that gig before to-day. It surely belongs to Luke GVayling, landlord .of the Silver Lion at Fairwood." ' CHAPTER XIV. mrs. winch is solicited to name the i day. "I must say, Martha, that black becomes you amazingly." The speaker was Mr. Brackenridge ; the hour 11 p.m.; and the place the snuggery behind the bar of the Hand and Dagger. The last of the parlor company was gon.4; the house was closed for the night, the servants were in bed, and the two who sat there .were at liberty to do their courting un matched by idle eyes. The chemist, portly -but slightly bloated, lolled back in an easy-chair, a steaming glass of grog at his elbow, and a freshly- lighted cheroot between his lips ; while the widow, more pale and serious-looking than ever in her mourning-dress, sat gazing steadily into the fire, with her feet resting on the fender, and her chin dropped into the hollow of one nervous, masculine- looking hand. "I should like you much better, Gurney, if you wore not such a flatterer,'' she said, but in atone by no! means indicative of displeasure. " I ain't a flatterer, upon my soul, Martha — at least, not in the present case," responded Brackenridge. "You do look nice, and I shouldn't care who heard me say so. You look more of a lady in a black dress than in anything else.' " The widow shook her head tlis- sentingly, but her pale cheek flnshed slightly ; she loved, as much as it lay in her cold nature to love anyone, this burly, loud-voiced chemist, who, if lie were coarse and dissipated, had at least his Bhare of good looks ; and was, besides, considerably younger than herself ; and his words fell pleasantly on her ears. " How that we are here by ourselves, and everything jolly," resumed the chemist after a few silent pulls at his cigar, " I may as well tell you, Martha, what is uppermost in my mind, and has been for a long time, only this un fortunate business of your mother's death has made me put off speaking about it till now. Without-' further preface, here it is : Martha, obligo mo by naming the day." The widow's cheek flushed more deeply than before ; then she sighed ; then she picked up a cinder with the tongs, and deposited it carefully on the fire ; and then she spoke. "Lady Spencelaugh" said Mrs. Winch. " Oh, hang Lady Spencelaugh ! a fig for her ladyship !" interrupted Bracken- bridge with an angry snap of the fingers, before the widow could say another word. " I hope you arc nob going to fling that old woman in my teeth again. I've had enough of her, I can tell you. Here have I he,en courting you these 18 months past ; you have agreed to take me for better or worse ; but whenever I speak a word about marriage, Lady Spence laugh is straightway pitched at mb, and I am expected to sit down quietly, and never say a word in return. Bgt I can't do it, Martha ; and what's more, I won't. What is Lady Spencelaugh to mo, I should like to know, or I to Lady Spencelaugh, that she should be allowed to stand between the happi ness of two people who are fond of one another?. And. why this woman should be so set against me is past my finding out. She has never seen me above half-a-dozen times, and then only for a minute or two in the shop. And why a sensible woman like you should allow yourself to be so guided by her, is a still bigger puzzle." A wintry smile flickered round the widow's thin lips. "If you had not, interrupted me so rudely," she said, " J. was about to observe that Lady Speucelaugh's prejudice' against you, whether reasonable or unreasonable, is still a fact, but one which is not quite insurmountable." " Go on," said Mr. Brackenridge, as he took a hearty pull . at the. contents of his glass. " It's all a mystification to me ; I'm blessed if it ain't." " To you Lady Spencolaugh's oppo sition may seem a matter of little im portance," resumed the widow; "to me it is a very awkward fact ; . and I may as well tell you at once that to marry in direct opposition 'to her wishes would be a course that would be very painful to me. There is, how-; ever, one method by which you might at the same time win Lady Spence- laugh's cordial support to our union, earn a handsome wedding present for yourself, and be at liberty to name whatever day might suit you best for a certain ceremony." "Whatever playfulness the widow's words might seem to imply- was, cer tainly belied by the anxious and care worn expression that, sat on her pale' features. .. . ; " Mora riddles," said Mr. Bracken., ridge sententiously. " In the name, of common-sense, what is it you are driving at, Martha Winch,?' "Listen, and you shall learn, ' V She drew her chair closer to his, ancR laid her hand on his arm, .'.to' add weight to what she. was about , to say"- 'j You know Mr. John English, the- photographer, who stayed here two nights, -and who is now lodging next' door to you ! " . The chemist nodded. " Lady Spencelaugh is anxious that he should quit Normanford at once and for ever ; I am anxious that he should quit Normanford at once and for ever. Now, do not ask what reasons her ladyship and- 1 have for wishing this, because I tell you frankly that yon will nover know them." "What! not when you and I are married 1 " burst in Brackenridge; " Not when you and I are married— if that event ever takes place," answered the widow .calmly. "There are some things which I cannot tell even to you, and'this is one of them;" Hang me ! if I haven't always thought there was some secret between you and that old madam up at Belair." " Then your usual penetration was not at fault," responded Mrs. Winch. ' There .is a Secret between us, and be assured that a secret it will remain. Once for all, I wish you to understand this." , "Some rubbish, I daresay, not worth the knowing," said Brackenridge con temptuously. " But about this other business — what is it you want me to do ?" "I want you to set those quick wits of yours to work, and try whether you cannot devise some scheme by which this man could be induced to leave Normanford." "Well, supposing that were done,'' said the chemist, "what could her ladyship afford to stand in return ?" . " Oh, her' ladyship is not a person to tie herself down to any terms— in fact, she would not uppear at all in tlie matter; but anyone who acted the part of a discreet friend - would have no cause to think him self illiberally treated; everything, however, would depend upon the style in which the business was conducted." "Very pleasant, but very vague," said the chemist. "For my part, I like something definite. Would that be considered us too much to give in case it was done well 1" and he hold up two fingers as ho spoke. The widow pursed her lips, but did not speak. "Perhaps the case would stand that?" said Brackenridge, elevating three fingers, The ghost of a smile flitted across the widow's sallow face. " Would it stand another ?" said the chemist, with four fingers in the air. The widow's eyebrows lowered ominously. " Leave everything to her ladyship," she whispered. " A very fine idea that !" said Brackenridge. " But, however, wo won't shave it too fine just at present, especially as all the work has yet to bo done ; and now T come to look at tlio matter more closely, I'm blessed if I see how this fellow is to be got rid of, if he's determined to. stay. It1 looks blue." , "If the matter had been, an easy and- straightforward one your assist ance would not have been required,'' said: Mrs. Winch, coldly. " On one point lot me warn you : there must be no violence, no scandal, no exposure — that is imperative.'! " Should you call it violence if he were found dead some morning, and it were never discovered how ho had met his fate?" ;The eyes of the widow and the chemist., met across tho little table. " You- have no business to ask such a question, Gurney Brackenridge," said Mrs. Winch, sternly. "Neither Lady Spencelaugh nor I wish any harm to the young man — we only wish him away, never to come back. You are too' headstrong and impulsive ; it was foolish of mo to mention this business toyouatall. You have not discre tion enough to carry it through with safety." 'H know one thing about this affair, Martha Winch," said Brackenridge, " and that is, that if this young fellow were found lying stiff and stark to morrow, both you and Lady Spence laugh would be anytiiing but sorry— your good wishes go as far as that. As to being discreet or not, that will be shown best by the event. Remem ber, not a farthing less than 300. There goes the quarter to 12 ; it's high time to be off." He threw away the end of his cigar, finished his grog, and got' up with a yawn and a stretch of his huge muscular arms. The widow rose also. Brackenridge slid his arm round her waist, and stopped and kissed her cheek. " Ah, Martha," ho said, " you do not really love me, or else you'-would not refuse to tell me this 'secret." " " I do love you, Gurney, as I never loved., man before," said the widow ; " and if the secret were, mine 'alone, I would tell you this minute. But it concerns the interests of -Lady Spence laugh, and I have sworn never to re veal it to living soul ; and I will keep my-word." . . "Well, well, you know best, I sup pose," replied the chemist soothingly. "We won't quarrel about it, anyhow. . And as "' to this other business; I'll think it over, and give you my opinion to-morrow night." \- "Above all things, -Gurney, re member there must be no violence, no scandal, no exposure." " And a wedding as soon after as I ; like, eh, old girl ?" " This is a matter which I must leave entirely to you," ' said the widow as bashfully as though she had num bered but 17 summers. Then might have been heard the sound of a dis creet double kiss; and after a, whis pered good- night, Mr. Brackenridge found himself standing in the solitary moonlit street, and heard the door of the Hand and Dagger bolted behind him. The expression of his face changed in a moment; he shook his clenched hand at the door he had just quitted. ' " You think to come the old soldier over me, .clo you, you ugly cat?".. he .muttered with an evil scowl. "You 'intend . to keep this secret from your own, Gurney, do you 9 But I'll wring it out of you when we're married, or else I'll wring your neok. That old madam up at the Hall has more money than she knows what. to do with, and would stand squeezing beautifully.— I always felt that I was born ,t!8 bo a gentleman." CHAPTER XY. . another link in the chain. .Three weeks had passed since the return of Mrs. Winch to Normanford, and John English's polite dismissal from Belair. The young photographer had kept his word, as far as his stay at Norm anford was concerned, ffoinp- about his business here and there in the daytime, but always making his way back to Cliff Cottage at nightfall. The chain, one end of which ho had succeeded in grasping, had broken in his hands, and he knew no more than a blind man where tb find the missing links. Being of a straightforward, un suspicious nature, and not prone to th'ink evil of others, the idea, of any cunningly-devised scheme of deception, with himself for the victim, and repu table, well-to-do people for its authors, was one that made its way but slowly into his mind. There were times when he was disposed to consider all his sus picions as so many wild chimeras of his own fancy, without any foundation in fact ; and it is not improbable that in such mood he would have quitted Normanford for ever had there not been another attraction pulling power fully at his heart-strings, which made him loath' to leave the little country town, and so quench positively, and for ever, his last faint hopes of again see ing her whom he so dearly loved ; for, to see her again, by chance as it were, some day when she was walking or riding out — to see her at a distance, and without her knowledge — was the utmost that ho could now hope for. He was banished from Belair; her sweet society was lost to him for ever ; his very existence was probably for gotten by this time ; but day passed after day, and still John English lin gered purposely in the little town. From this state of indecision, and rest less moody communing with his own heart, he was roused after a timo by the receipt of a letter from his friend, Frank Mashitor — a hearty, wholesome lettoi, which acted as a mental tonic, ondowing his faded purpose with fresh vitality, and counselling liim in a. cheerful friendly spirit to subordinate his day-dreams to tho clear practical duty before him — the duty of doing his utmost to trace the hidden links of the chain which evidently connected him in some mysterious way with the landlady of the Hand and Dagger. " Frank's letter is like a shower- bath — bracing, but severe,'1 said John to himself as he finished reading his friend's epistle. "Here have I been dreaming away one day after another, like the veriest lotus-eater ; forgetting everything but that sweet delusion which is at once the pain and the glad ness of my life. But nothing in this world is' ever won by dreaming, and I'll build castles in the air no more.". " I think I see my way to the next step in this matter," resumed John after some cogitation. "I want certain information, and if any man can give me it, my friend Mr. Edwin can. I'll stroll down to his place -this very evening." Mr. Edwin was, literally and truly, tho oldest inhabitant of , Nor manford, being ovor 90 years of age. He had been ' master of the Founda tion School for. half a century, but had retired, years ago, on a small annuity, and now lived with his sister, a maiden lady of 70, in a little cottage on the outskirt of the town. How John English came to know the ex-sehool- master was in this wise. He was one morning visited at his lodgings by a little old-fashioned lady with' very white hair and very black eyes, who introduced herself as Miss Edwin, and then we.nt on to say that she .had come to ask whether Mr. English Would do her the favor of taking a photographic .likeness of her brother, who was the oldest iniiabitant of Nor manford, and . confined to his house by an infirmity of tho feet. Her brother had one son, who had emigrated to Australia many years - ago. Father and son would never meet again in this world,' and the porti'ait was wanted as a soiivenir tb send to that new home across the sea. She, Miss Edwin, was quite aware . that portrait-taking was not in Mr. Eng lish's ordinary line of business ; but under the circumstances, he would, perhaps — : — ; and the little white- haired ..old lady put her two hands together, and looked up so entreatingly in his face, that John had no heart, to refuse her request. John called on Mr. Edwin the same afternoon, and found him to be a little withered gentleman, very sprightly and cheerful, despite his great age and the ailment which confined him to the house. The portrait was duly taken, as well as one ; of Miss Edwin, and the two duly des patched to'the antipodes ; but John's visits to the little cottage did not cease with this; he had grown to like the society of the old gentleipan and his sister, a liking which was cordially reciprocated ; and he not unfrequentlyi strolled down for an hour after his day's work was over, for the sake of a pleasant chat with the Nestor of the little town. Mr. Edwin, with his sister, by way of supplement or addendum, might be considered as a living chronicle of the sdyings and doings of Normanford for the last half-century ;' and John Eng lish could not have found anyone more likely to supply him with the "informa tion he needed. With the propitia tory offering of a packet of genuine Kendal brown in his pocket— for Mr. Edwin was a ' great snuff-taker — the young photographer went down to the cottage on the evening of the day on. which he received the letter from his friend at Nice. It was not difficult to bring the conversation round to the required point, for the ex-schoolmaster was always ready and ; willing to talk about any person or thing that re ferred in any way to his beloved town. " Yes," said Mr. Edwin, in reply to a question of John's, as he balanced a pinch of his favorite mixture between finger and thumb— " the landlady- of the Hand and Dagger has certainly been a resident of Normanford for many years. For how many years 1 Let me consider. Why, for 22 yeara, this past summer. She came to Belair with Lady Spencelaugh — with the present Lady Spencelaugh, that is — who is Sir Philip's second wife, his first lady having died in India, poor crea ture ! a few years after marriage. Martha Winch was a young, unmarried woman at that time, and. a great favorite with her ladyship. After a time she married J ob Winch, a pudding- headed fellow, who originally was hostler at the very hotel of which he afterwards became landlord, I remember it was currently reported -.lit the time that it was her lady ship's money which put the newly- married couple into the Hand and Dagger; and through all these years Mrs. Winch has never quite broken off her connection with Belair; she still goes frequently to see Lady Spence laugh." " How do you account," said John, " for the existence of so strong a tie between two people so different - in social position as Lady Spencelaugh and Mrs. Winch ?" " All I can tell you with regard to that is from hearsay, and not from observation," replied the schoolmaster. " Lady Spencelaugh is the daughter of a poor Yorkshire squire. . . When young her health was very delicate; and her father, with the view of im proving it, sent her to be brought up in the house of a small farmer, one. of his tenants, who resided somewhere in that wild stretch of country between Ingleton andHawes, in the North-west Riding. Mrs. Winch that is now was the daughter of this farmer ; and the two girls, living under the same roof for five or six years, became firmly attached to one another ; and not all the chances of after-life have been able to trample out this early liking : the great lady up at Belair has never for gotten the friend of her youth.'' " Had not Mrs. Winch a brother when she first came to Normanford 1" asked John. " To be sure she had," replied the old gentleman ; " and a drunken, dis solute, gambling dog he was — a surgeon by profession. He came to Norman ford, and began to practise here soon after the arrival of Lady Spencelaugh ; but ho was too fond of shaking his elbow to do any good either to himself or others ; and after leading a useless, bankrupt-sort-of-lifo for two or three years, ho loft tho country, ' and has not been heard of in this neighborhood since." "Do you remember his name?" said John. "To be sure. His name was Jere miah, or Jerry, as he was more com monly called." " But the surname ?" urged John. " Ah, there I confess I'm at fault,'' said Mr. Edwin, after, a minute or two of silent cogitation. " It was rather an uncommon name, I'm sure ; but" " ICreefo," broke in Miss Edwin hastily, and then went on silently with her knitting. " All, to be sure," said her brother. "Tho fellow's name was Jeremiah Kreefe." "Was he married ?" said John. " Yes , he brought his wife with him when he came here, and took her away when he went." " Any family ?" " No — none," said Miss Edwin sharply, considering, perhaps, that it was within her province to answer such a question. " >Stay a moment, J anet, my dear," said Mr. Edwin, with lifted forefinger. " Have you forgotten what I told you when I. came back from Liver pool !" "No, I have not forgotten," ans wered Miss Edwin ; " but I still hold to the same opinion that I did then, that it was not the child of Dr. Kreefe and his wife whom you saw." "The child might have been put out to'nurse, you know,, without' anyone in this neighborhood being aware of it," said her brother. " A most unlikely thing," replied Miss. Edwin. "If the child were their own, what necessity existed for any concealment of the fact? Besides, I remember to have heard Mrs. Kreefe say more than once that she thought her husband would love her more and be. a better man if there was only a pretty baby-face to entice him home of an evening. No, you may rely upon it, Gustavus, the child whom you saw was not their own." "Then you incline to the belief," said Mr. Edwin, " that it was the child of some relative or friend whom they were taking over with them for reasons best known to themselves." "I cannot thinkotherwise, "answered the little lady. This dialogue was listened to by John English with breathless interest. "I have a particular reason," he said, " for wishing to know all that can now be learned respecting the antecedents of this man. Pray, oblige me by giving me whatever particulars you can recollect of the little incident just spaken of by you." "Willingly," replied Mr. Edwin; "but there is really nothing worth telling. However — to begin at tlie beginning — Kreefe and his wife had been about- two yeara at Normanford, when' it was given out that they were about' to emigrate ; and, sure enough, a few weeks later, the house was shut up, and we were told that they were gone. Tho fact of their going did not make much impression on my mind, the acquaintanceship between us being of the most distant kind ; besides which I was busy just then fitting out my hoy Jack, whose mind was firmly bent on going to ' Australia. About a week or nine days after the departure of the- Kreefes from Normanford I found myself at Liverpool with Jack in tow. Well, sir, I saw my boy safely on board ship, took my last grip of his hand, saw the vessel he was in fairly under-weigh, and was walking slowly along among tho docks and basins, for I lost my way going back, but felt just then in too disconsolate a mood to care whither I was wandering, when I saw a cab draw up a few paces before me, from which, much to my surprise, there descended Mr. and Mrs. Kreefe and a child, a boy, apparently about 5 years of age. They did not see me, and in the humor in which I then was I did not care to go forward and make myself known. I waited a few minutes, and saw their luggage hoisted on hoard, and themselves cross the gangway and disappear belosv decks, and then "I came away. Janet and I have talked the matter over many times since that day, but I don't recollect that we have ever spoken of it to anyone but you ; you see it was no business of ours." John had listened to' this narration with the deepest interest. Mr. Edwin spoke again.' "I re member," he said, " that Kreefe's death was reported here several years ago, and that Mrs. Winch went into mourning avowedly on his account." "Was there not something peculiar," said John, " something out of, the com mon Way, in the appearance of this Dr. Kreefe ?" " He walked with a limp, one of his legs being shorter than the other," said the ex.schoolmaster. " And had a slight cast in one eye," added Miss Edwin. "And a very peculiar, rugose, aquiline nose," continued her brother. "Take him altogether, Jeremiah Kreefe was certainly a singular-looking being, and once known would not readily be forgotten." John English walked baok to Cliff Cottage that night with many strange new thoughts at work in his mind. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 