SUPERNATURALIA; OR Ghostly Apparitions. ' Tho appoara'nae only to persons who are poouliorly ihtod for ghoat-aceing is. ono of tho pccnlaritiea ol all ghost lugonda. It is not evoryono tbat can seo tho iohabitantu of tho invisible world, but thoao whoao eyes Era opened, or for thoao whom tho ((host lino a feeling thnt malies. a bond o! oyuipathy, or thosa who by aoma pcouliariiy of birth nra better qualified tbun otb«rB for euoh myntio sight. J?or iuslance, a child born en Suniay iu Scotland in believed to havo thus power abovo all otlicrf. _ Tho_ ' Whiio Jji.dy ' appears on such ooaft eions in ouch manner na be choopen, but is also capable of beiriK euiamonud by itny oJ her family aooonling to a prescribed lorui-u'.s ond by the porformaneo of orrti\in ritfti. The.'Waito Lidy of Avonel ' is nv'.y tho application to a imviicular family fl a belief common in Scotland where -)-n apparition kaosm in Ireland aa tbe bnuchTii h known by tho samo nsmo, but quite w s/ten tha ' white lady.' In (net, most o! tea great familieu in tho Highlands wero r.uj^poijcd to hava a do mcBtio spirit wbt look nn intcrcBt in their prosperity, ana asually intimated nn ap proaching diHDotcr by Wfiilingo nnd uneartly Boum',3 of grief. iJut thero waa a difference in the apparition varying with tho character which onch in auppooed to have held while upon tho enrth in mortal flesh, but in (jecei'ii.l it appeared as an old woman in a mnntlo with atreamiog hair. A suparatition of tho aamo kind io so gonc lally reooived in tho Green Isla that the bauBhco id counted in popular belief to be a peculiarly Irish oredulity. In Ireland there havo been various ex planations of the word banshee, most o! them explaining it nn tbe ' hend of the fairien,' or ' white fairy ;' bjit Dr. O'Brien in hia Irish diotionary writes, ' beausiRho plural mau sighe,' the fairies, or women faitics credulounly supposed by the common peoplo to be so affeated to osrtaih families that they aro heard to einu mournful lnmentationB around houBos at night whenever any mom bet of tho family labors undes b B:oknes8 which is to ond in death, . Some of the casoa in whioh the banBhce has appeared ara told with an abundanoe oi detail and confirmed by so many witnesses that, although unwi'iinn to Iraliuvo the tale. it becomes a difficult one to answer oroxplaio away. Tho banal) oo of tho Bnnworth family at related to have appeared on the occasion ol the death of Bav. Chnclea Banworth, rcotoi ot Buttovant, in tho county Cork, about the middle of the last century is nuob a oasi. Its firat appearance was to ono of tho Bervant; named Kavanngh, who oarao to tho house oppateutly in great grief and wringing hia hauda. ' What is it you mean, Kavanagh?' in quired Jiiaa Bunwortb. ' Is it mean ?' aiid Kivanaah ; ' tho ban ahco has aome from him, Mi.'B, and 'tis not I alone who havo heard har.' ' Tis au idle imporutition,' said Misa Bnnworth. !' M/iybe bo,' replied Kavanagh ' but aa I oamo through tbo glen oi Bjllybeg aha was along with mo, keeuitig and ncteoohing and dapping hcrVands by my aide every otep of the way, with her lonp; whito huic falling upon her shoulders, and I oould hour h;r re peating tho mafitor'a name overy now and tbon, as plain as I ovor heard it. When I oamo to the old abbey aha parted from mo there, and turned into tho pigeon field nost tha burying ground, and folJiug her cloak about her, down oho sat under tho trco that was Blruok by lightniug and Uegan to ory bo bitterly that it went through ono'u heart to hear it.' illiss Banworth told Kavniiagh that hor father was Blflapin^ quietly, and that thoy thought ho waa doing well, but warned him not to tell tho story to onyouo. Mr. Bunwortb, howovtr, did not urogresa toward recovery, but deolined gradually, though nothing more happ'?nud until the night of lain death. Then tliei'o waa a midden aound outside tho window near tha bed. A ro3e tree was forood aside with some noise, and a low moaninu was heard, accompanied by dapping of hands, aa if of a female in deep niuiotion. It scorned as if tho sound pro oeoded from a person holding hor mouth oloso to tho window. Tho lady who Bat by the bodjuilo went into an adjoining room and aBkcd the gentlemen there i( they had heard the banshoo. Nono of them helievetl in hor ladyship, and thoy at onoo instituted a thorough investigation. Thoy walked all around tho houae, examining overy apot of ground, but there was not a sign, not even a footstep upon tho fresh earth ot the garden. Upon th«ir return tboy wore astonished to bone that thu manifestations had been ro peated, and that they had been more marked, and tho dapping of hands louder than bo fore. During tbe night the eiok man Grow rapidly worBO and expired with the first glimpae of morning. The legend of 'The HeCarthy,' ia tho most paoulinr among all the bunshooo. Tho young man died and was laid out for several houra whon he oamo back to life nnd iaainted that he had boen before tho judgment Boat, but had been permitted to oome baok with the understanding that three yoars more of life were granted him in whioh ho might beoome a batter man. He had boon very wild nnd dissipated, but reformed at onoq and lived as a man naturally would who knew that the day o' hia dentil was fixod. As tho timo drew ntnr McCarthy's mother sent for her Biater to bo with thorn at tho eventful timo. Oa tha way the bannhoo appeared, giving a auoaession of aoronms and making u loud eluppin;; ot the hands. Then they oaw the figura of a tall thin woman, with unaovcred head, nnd hair that floated around hoc ehouldora, attired in something whioh inicbt ho a loose whilo olouk or aaheet. She stood in tho way no if to stop thorn, and rnotioned to go another way, which thoy finally went. Whon they got thoro thoy found thut MoCarthy had boon slightly wounded by a pistol nhot, a wound that v/nu thought of no importanoo, but from whioh ho diod t'ao vory day that tho threo years was up. Tho origin of all thuao appoaranooa and many liko thorn in onsy to trace. Thoy go hack, not to classic, but to tho old Norse days when Wodon, whom wo call Oden, waa given a plaoo among tho gocla, and Frigga was mado hit) oonsort. OJin became ttia earlioot form of tbo hunter, who, with bin myBtio attendants with horn and hounds, wa3 roportod to puroua Iha otmso all over northern Europe. His ooiiuort in liko manner baeaino tho whito lady who beoamo tranaformoa into a hundred different legends in whioh tha motherly, protecting inllueuoa of tho divine I'ripga in not entirely lost. Thero aro a number cf whito lndioo oon neoLed with various noble familiea in Ger many, but probably tho ono that in most ro mark&bli;) and Bccms to bo the most subotiin tiatod is connected with tho royal bouso of Gtrmany, aud ia known aa tho ' Whito lady of tho Hohonzollerns.' Tho lady in question is Hnid by nil to ,bo ono of tho ancestresses ot tho family, but whioh ono ia not ni;rcod. Thero is nn ubumlanoo of ovidenco as to hor repeated apponrnnoea, nnd no merely ghost Btary U oo well authenticated. BIio is recorded to have mndo her first up penranoo in 1598, just before tho iloath ot tho elector, John Genrgo. Twonty years luter Bho prognosticftted tho doath of John Sigia muml. In 1S2!) ulio Bfjaiu nppearod, nnd for tho flrnt tlmu upoko, intflti.'m thcoo words : ' V«ni, judiou vivoa ot niortuos.' A paper of that early diy recortla tho nppenrnnco with this statement : ' It ia p.lao undouiablo that in our times, only a fr.w years n(;o, in n oortain prinouly houao allioil to that of Bnulenburg, a younu prince met wilh u fatal auuidenli, and that u fuw dayu botoco hia doath tho whitu lady wac -eo-».' in 1CC9 the whito lady wau meti In tue ' '', Rnllory of Berlin, bofoi'o tho death of Anna Sophia, duohara or Brunswiclc, nud ngoin in -? , 1067, when bIio foretold tho death o! Lousia ' , Honriette, wife of tho elcator, Frederick William. The subsequent npponvnneo, gancrally be nvnd in hv i.hn flnrftmna nflin l*.c-1!nua in glioBtf! at all, wna to Frederick I. ol PrunBia, tho uon of tbn cleotor. Ho waa laying on his bed in a weak, oxhaustod oondition, with a valet Bsloep on a mattress near by. Suddenly ' he hoard tho hangings divido and saw a tail white lady with outstretched ar/oa aud (low ing hair, inolining her head toward tho feed, end turning from right to loft aa thontib fiha nought nomething under tho hangiutrei. At v , lost ohe diaooveicd the king, and her Rtcr.dy eyeii looked at him long in ailcncn. AVillium j raised himseH and rnudo a movement ; hoi eyes followed him j ebo waa unmoved. At -- s that moment tho clock on ft pier table nenr tho bed ran;; tho hour nnd stopped. Tbsladv - disappcarod. At tbo Bamo monicnt a violent ' aoiso wn3 hoard in tho room adjoimnp, v. hera * , were, «ad how nre.plaocfl on eiilsbcardp, the ??? ? pliitofl nnd diebcu u.sed in tho fetes of the Pnii'.Mnn hing. They all fell with a crash to '' tho floor. , The valet owoko . tha king cried in ncoento of terror: 'Thero, there I Sho went out thero I '? And with bewildered look, his hand eslonded, bo pointed to tha door of tho piivnte room. ' Who ?' asked tho* volet, hnlf aaleop. , ' The whito lady, I tell you I Go ana ' Bee whioh way sho went.' Tho valet se&rohed; all over tho pnlaca, aud found no spectre. ' I saw tho white lady,' Bftid the king, nB '? though spoaking to himielf, nnd covered his faoo with the bed coverings, Next clay he ordered bio coffin nnd mar.'e the Qutep, bii ' iuit.| uu jig iu tii| in UJtUUi- bU DCU *? vuu uiuu timu right. It was his last aot of cruelty, for he died that night. Forty yenru after, his oon, Frederiok th( Great, died nt Sana Souoi, and ho, too, saw the whits lady. Tho oircumBtanoes again were remarkable. A picture of tho whitt laiiy had been painted (it is said by his own band), which is atill in exiatance, and ehowc tho Bcperntition whioh was evidently in hil mind. Whether he oipeoted to see her oi not, sho ottme, Ono oveniDg just at nightfall Fredarioi was alone in tho library Btanding before » musfo etnnd whioh he uecd when playing thi flute.' Tho door opened nnd tho whito ladj traversad tho room without looking at him, For a moment he did not know what to do. Than ho followed her; ha opened thei'oorand followed her from room to room without reaohhiR hor and finally stopped at the vesti bule. The apparition seemed to run over (ho band in tha oiroular court, seomed to hesitate a moment thon vaguely bcokoned him to oome, and disappeared. He died a few days afterward. Tho 'Whito Lady of TloUonzollern is also said to havo appeared in 1810 boloro tho death ol Frederick William III; in 18G*, previcwi to the death of Frederick William IV., and in tho pro; gent your previous to tbe death of tho late out lioioi. Tho conclusion of tho matter is that the supor ntition, bmi fin bnck in tha dnya of pngamsoi, has xiormealod ISurojio nnd ttill hn% some powo-, but »» loinuikod an Iu»h storj-l'-ller : ' I don'l hoar that the banaliccs go onsomuch now us thoy. didformeily.' Such Tbuhefb muFt fndo out befort tho liurch of lnlolhgonca mid knoAlulgo, nnd yet tlu-y nio no full of a peculmr interest that many will rogrot 1'ieir loso o\on m tho day when no -ono will oio litor ao«.opt them upon any authority what ever. Twins m-j many worso things th/in shiglB blosscdiicBS, und tho condition of tho old maid n un lesB honuriiblo to lur tlmu is that of matri mony to hor wedded sister. The old maid may. if slid will, and sho g.noially docs, boar a noble part iu tho good work of making tho world a bottei and luppiur placo. Theio aio piobably fun who du not carry viuh thorn through li(o tho tomlur memory o' sorao old mnid whose lovo and goodness cliooftd and blossod their curly yearn. How of«.i| ia flho a minlsferiug angel 1*11033 life is _,3 spent 111 acts of uiiselliah devotmn to thoso aiouiid lur? Wo cannot *pnro tho old maid. Sho hns nu liiipoitant rolo to play in the. luimau oomrdj , and tho thing for hor to do is to study it mid pliy it well. Tho wonnn who worries bo oanao bho sees old maidenhood beforo berjs .witk out good stiwo. L't her bj sure tbat thero ar» thousands of wiven who only wish that they had lod amglo li-oa, and tlion Bho may flud it easier to learn of tho apostlo in wliataoever etato oho U tUeiowitU to ba content. 