ITEMS OF INTEREST. Races. Farmer. Mechanic. Water vale. Council Cup. Commonsehse. The great Cup race. Holiday on Monday. A station in darkness. Who voted for Mizon ? Waukaringa Races May 25. General regret for Mr. Bright, Who are those Episcopaleans ? Wilcox and White Organs are mouse-proof. Governor returns from his picnic to-morrow. Mr. Mizon and Mr. Lovelock fought well for places. Three labor delegates this time. More to follow. If we could vote for you Ebbey you would have it. Governor and Commissioner Joey at the races . yesterday. Kintore gushing over hia rambles in a civi lized country. Advertisements will be received up till noon every Thursday. If suffering from mental depression take Wolfe's Schnapps. See third page for "Dobbies'a Organ abvertise meDt, and other matters. Messrs Hosking & Co., are the contractors for the football costumes. Bodily irregularities and weakness can be rej medied by Wolfe's Schnapps. When Parliament meets we trust the Clare scandal will not be overlooked. Court and other envelopes in large quantities only supplied at the Enterprise office. Transfer Forms printed on the recognised size of paper, double-page, on sale at this office. Special train for Joey and the Governor on Saturday so as to attend the Adelaide Cup. We thank the Register for favors already re ceived and hope for more on Saturday night. All inferior articles must disappear before the genuine Wolfe's Schnapps. Be sure you. obtain Wolfe's. An extended lease of life may be obtained by the continuous use of Wolfe's Schnapps. Avoid imitations. If a bicycle has two wheels and a tricycle three it does not follow that the one-wheeler is an iclicle. It is a wheelbarrow. It would not be a bad idea if all the Terowie people who have gone to Western Australia formed a little settlement there. There is joy throughout the length, and breath of Saxony, especially among light sleepers. In future cats will be taxed in Saxony. The labor delegates now returned to the Upper House should see into the Railway Com missoners Bill, and clip tliem a little. Alfonso of Spain has more pocket-money than falls to other young gentlemen of his tender years. The King's salary is £150,000 a year. Some paper-hangers in America have been striking for an advance of pay. It is thought that they will go to the wall-like their paper. Women seem to be getting the lions share of everything. It is said that there are, in this country six insane females to every five insane males. Jules Simon the vetoran French author, does the greater part of his writing while in bed. And yet he isn't a " feather bed " writer for all that. If some wiseacres who are predicting the drying up of the earth would only show the earth an example of a similar character, it would be well. : Belleville, N. J. has a ghost, feminine gender that carries a lighted candle about with it, Here is a mystery with its own light ready to be thrown upon it. " Uncle Tom's Cabin" is one of the books that are blessed with an almost perpetual boom. A Washington publisher says that he still sells 30,000 copies a year. In Germany the amount of tobacco consumed annually per inhabitant is 31b ; while in England the amount is only lib. It is evident that Bismarck hasn's resigned his pipe yet. Dr. H. S. Tanner is not dead yet although his fasting performances must haye enfeebled his frame. He is said to have challenged Succi to a hunger-baffling match. Ninety days this time. Sitting Bull's Indian name was Tahfcon Kahheyotakah. The story is told that an at tempt made by a rash young American to ad dress the Indian by his proper title had fatal consequences. A man living in Paw Paw, Michigan has' a receipt for a tax by his Pnritan ancestry in 1409 The Paw Paw man is poor, and wants to part with the relic and a receipt of his own dated this year. The great skill of an advertiser is seen in the" success of his business. If the advertising, is skilfully,-i.e., "judiciously" done, the returns are sure and success is certain. The great lever of business is advertising. Care which is generally credited with being able to kill a cat, must be an expert shot. The best men who have gone wide of the mark in their endeavours to "pot" the midnight musi cian with a bottle of bootjack. ; Your object in advertising is to let the people know what you have got to sell, and if you have not the pluck to keep advertising until you have imparted the information all the money vou have spent is lost. A. T. Stewart once said : " He who invests one dollar in business should invest another dollar in advertising that business." There are many ways and means of adver tising, and probably all of them are of more or less value, but no other secure the good results attained by the newspaper, and no other give such good returns for the money invested. The live newspaper reaches a class that can be re ached in no other way, and produces results^ to be arrived at by no other medium. Advertising is.the business man's breath. Dr. Schleiman's discoveries of ancient sites and buried treasures will enthuse all lovers of classic history, and from a valuable accession to the achievements of patient search and zealous inquiry. They fix and locate events, it is true, and verify or contradict the teachings of cen turies. But really they are not as important as some of the developments of medial scionce, nor will they revolutionize the world of original ideas, as did the discovery of Udolpho Wolfe's Schiedam Aromatic Schnapps... . ... . " . DARKNESS.-We have waited patiently for some weeks past in the hope, that the Railway Commissoriers would see the necessity for making some improvement in the present ex isting arrangements for lighting on the railway platform. Night after night the place has been almost in darkness caused by bad kerosene Hand lamps are used to show people about, anil possibly candles will be brought into requisition. The man who without interruption can keep his name before the public is constantly inform ing possible customers who he is, where he is to be found, and what he is prepared to do. Pos^ and that before every harvest there must be preparation of the ground. But without doubt as with each succeeding month the advertise ment becomes more familiar to the public, so do the profits correspondingly increase. An eminent Bostonian, who regards an adver tisement in a newspaper as a personal invitation to call, says : " While I sometimes hesitate about entering a store the proprietors of which? have not thus sent their card to my residence,, I always feel certain of a cordial welcome from the members of an advertising firm." When you pay more for rent of your stores than you* do for advertising, you are pursuing a falser policy. To THEATRICALS.-We are now giving notice to travelling troupes that on no consideration can we take orders for printing or advertising, unless such be prepaid. This may be hard upon forwarding agents who are not always supplied with too much money, but hard as it may appear we object to be troubled by every adventurer who comes along. Gas at the Institute is not lighted for theatricals until the money is paid, and so will it be as regards printing. The Intransigeants who believe that the welfare of the Church and the world depends^ upon the full restoration of the secular monarchy of the Roman Pontiff, are inclined to the elect ion of a resolute fighter. They dare not go so far as at once to propose a foreigner, since all the Popes for the last two centuries have been Italians. But they are said to be felling the pulse of the college towards such a change. If." the innovation should be ventured upon, the choice would rest upon a Frenchman ; and then the candidate in this case would be Ord inal Leavigre who has served the Roman Church-: so well by his attitude towards the Republic^ and would be a persona grata to the popular opinion in Europe and America on account of his leadership of the anti-slavery crusade. Not - the least attraction of a French Republic Pope it is said, would be the soreness which. such a choice would create throughout monarchical Italy. They point out that it was the French Republic which restored the Temporal Power to1 Pius IX., aud that the hatred between the French and the Italians is far more acute no vsr than it was in 1849. 