! GHOSTLY EXPERIENCES, [BY WALTER BE9A.ST . ] Like the rest of mankind, I am exremely fond of reading ghost stories, xcept at twilight,, morning ot evening, when ghosts abound and are easily seen. My personal experience of spooks is not much, hut it is perhaps, more than falls to the lot of most. To ba sure I have never insulted ghosts, or hurt their feelings by pretending to disbelieve them. Quite the reverse. I have always from childhood (when B igay lurk«d in every dark place) been very much afraid of ghosts. There are times when one is conscious, somehowj of the presence of unseen beings. I beg .to say that I am quite serious. These times, *with me are always at twilight^ as I have said above. The first ' figure ' I was about six o'clock on an evening m September, I had been writing up r to ° the last moment of-daylight ; it became too dark for me to see any longer, and knocked off ; as I tnmed from the window, I became aware that a female was in the room ; it made no sign, but it tnovdd about noiselessly. As I looked disappeared. I was living as a bachelor in chambers, and my outer door was closed, so that nobody could be in the room except myself. Another experience, and a far more singular one, was this : ! I was travelling in Northumberland, where everybody sees ghosts, and. thinks . it nothing cut of the common ; it is a country abounding in ghost* an-1 ghost stories. The .day I ha.l spent in driving .over a wild and lonely in >or to a village in the midst of it—» village bnilt round the quadrangle of w'iat hai been a monastery. There was the old gate left ; pirt of the buildings; part of the wall ; the quiet village, endos >d by the ol 1 wall ; the. convent ch pal, now the .parish church ; there w.-re only tw*» or three hnndred peojiie living hero ; outside r m and babbled the trout stream with its high tank covered with bashes, brambles and irild flnvers. All round stretched the moor. At the ina, where I t->ok s on* tea or methiug, they talked to m« about the pas ^ .ibe pïaca was filled witH «choes of the past ; whispers and voices were heard at night ; .things had. been seen in .the bedroom. A wondeaf »I place ; nowhere else in England, is there a wore wonderful place. I drove back and spent the evening .alone in my inn, : reading certain bo jks of the .JQueep . Anne time, and at elereao'clock went off to bed. My room was a very old room, and the ina itself was at least three hundred years old. All this is introduction to show yon why. the thing that I saw took the shape that it did. For in the middle of the iiight I woke up suddenly and sat up, s {tartied. I Found the roam perfectly liglit ; the door which I locked flew open, and there walked in three ladies, dressed in the Queen Anne costume, with a-pretty old stiff cardboard ornament of the bead and eTerything. Sever before had I nnderstood how r; beautiful was the Queen Annedress. The ladies sitting down on chairs round the fire (which was now burning merrily), began to talk, but I know act what they sud. Suddenly—it shames me to confess—I was seized with a horrid terror. ,1 leaped from the bed, pulled back £he enrtains, and polled np the blind. It was about three in the morning, and twilight. Then I turned to my yisttors ; they slowly faded away. The light slowly went ont'of the room; the fire slowly bonied low ; the slowly became faint; they slowly vanished. W ho were they ? Weli. Yon see that I have seen things^ But I have heardnothing. JTo coHimunicaiion has ever been made to mefrom tîieotbw world at ali, except by-the spirit Kstip, «ni she only taîkfed Tubl)ish through » medium, and I. had to pay a pound lor it. 