All Old London Inn. The Hummums Hotel in Convent Garden has beon wound up " upon tho petition of the company itself." So ends another of those,old London inns which wero to our forefathers home and club and inn in one. A most striking ghost story is told of it by Dr. Johnson in connection with Parson Ford who died there. A waiter who had gono on his holiday, and did not know of his demise, met him twice "in the collar"-a carious place for a clergyman to be found. He gave him a message to bo delivered to a certain woman. Tho man came back with a white face, and said he had delivered it; the meaning of it bo did not understand, but when she heard it she threw- up her hands, exclaiming " then we are all undone." There is a gruesome simplicity in tho tale which comes home to us, and we can only hope it is not. true. Mrs. Johnson wont to tho Hummumg to sift the story, under the pretence of being cupped, which it seems twas one of tho luxuries the hotel at that time afforded. At first they wero unwilling to speak about it, but aftor they had dono so sho oaiao away satisfied it was true." It is plain that Johnson himself half believed it. : Nature gives us at the outset of life, a large reserve of streDgtli and vigor. The lungs arc capable of taking in and exhaling six teen times as much air as is done in ordinary, quiet breathing. The heart, stomach, liver, skin and every other organ of tho body has corresponding reserve vigor. This Burplus is designed to tide us over emergencies, and not for everyday use. So tho man who goes on creating emergencies for his stomach, liver, or other organ, will find by-aod-bye that this extra vigor is nearly exhausted. The next thing in most cases is to call on a doctor for a stimulant, whioh merely enables him to dip a little deeper into what capacity an overworked organ may still have left. Suppose we represent our store of vigor by a tank, the inflow for which come3 from our food, and the natural outflow for expenditure is near the top, A stimulant has the effect of thrusting the outflow a little lower down, and thus roduoing the stock of reserve wbicli nature had designed to hold for rcat need. Our tank once emptied of vital forco, can never be refilled. There may bo left simply a little stream of energy flowing through, sufficing for moderate, everyday needs, with nothing whatever to fall book on for emergencies. What is really needed ia a oareful troatment with vitalizing elements to gradually restore tho impaired vital force, to compel the proper digestion and absorption Of tho natural component parts of a healthy organism. Many quack medicine men oloim that their nostrums will do good, and these remedies (?) are praised up to the skies by the proprietors thereof, bub no one over hears them recommended by the pcoplo who have taken them. This does not apply to Clements Tonic, howevor, this article has a reputation Buohi as could only be obtained by reol and in trinsicmerih Some nostrums may havea local Bale, but no remedy could spread over a vast continent like Australasia as Clements Tonio has done, unless it was positively proved to bo genuine. Wo have seen such wonder fully successful results from the use of this remedy that we do not think any apology is needed for bestowing upon it the praise it really deserves, we have usod it ourselves, wo know it is a reliable articlc, that it is what tho manufacturers claim it to be, and that tho most poBitivo ovidenco is forthcoming to prove its efficiency. Witnees tho following fetter from W. H. Lewis, Esq., Grafton, N.S.W.:-u Dear Sir,-First, I must tell you that I was always sceptical about patent medicines and belioved they wero only com mercial speculations, but since- I have used OlementB Tonic my views havo completely changed. I was on extreme sufferer from palpitation, indigestion, constipation, Jsngour and headnohe, for nearly two years 1 have lived in the bush all my life, moving from place to placo and am well known in almost every district in New South Wales, Queensland and Victoria, the irrogalar diet and habits broucht on severe norvousness, weakness, and liver complaints, until I was afraid I had not long to live and doctors recommended me to settle my worldly affairs, eo emaciated and weak I had become at last. I obtained one of your bottles but did not beliovo your medicine would euro me. 11 tried it, however, and soon found relief, gradually I became strong, regained flesh and vigor, and now after taking 20 bottles of Olements Tonic, I am stronger than ever before, and wish you every good-wish lor having eaved my life or at least restored my health." Too great a precaution cannot bo oxe?ciscd in procuring thegenuino'1 Clements Tonio," many chemists will try and impose npon you with some imitation; bewaro of this and don't let any solicitation of plausible argument persuado you to tako any thing else, if you do you will only bo disappointed and perhaps allow your oase to progress even beyond the powor of Clements Tonic, Cle« meat's Is the original and only genuine. Laboratories, 212 A'BecketkBtreet, Mel. bourne, Lorlmer and Co., agents for Wagga* 