THE BRETON MILLS. Dly UIIAILES J. BELLAMY. Ci.L'PTEII XVI (Corntinued) ye can't save on machinery, it would spoil yer snales; but if we carders and weavers snd spinners be cut, it don't leave a mark on the cloth, But it leaves deep gashes in our hearts and joys, you be sure." Graves looked at theyonug man to see if he might go on, but he could not read his master's face. 1e hesitated a moment and then he continued. "There aint a poor bent girl in uhb mill but might live a life so happy it would make a strong man cry to think of it. We are of more account than your machinery. No beltin' or patent self- acting springs could do our work; it takes immortal souls, and intellects in the image of God to do it. It's the same sort of work you do, and com pare what the two of us gets. We annt fairly paid till we gets, the weakest of us, a taste of the sweet things in this world we have longed for so long. I don't care what ycr wise book men says." Was the young proprietor angry, he stood so grave and still ? What a change I Time was when pity would have shone on every line of his face. But he might have been a statue for all aplpearance of melting in him now. I pay you the market price, as much as the other mill owners." Well, God have mercy on his poor chil dren, if Phillip Breton could make that ox. case I The man sat down without an invi tatio, aind leaned his brawny elbows on the table. "Now see here, you told me to speak my mind, and I amut ngoin' to. We are poor; we ain't got nothin'; we can't lay back and wait for our price. We want somethin' to eat to.day; we come to you for work; we must have work, if it only earns us a loaf of bread. Is it right, thein. to value us at what we can be got for: I If w could haggle with ye, and hang oil the way a little cash lets a manu do, there iught bh some sense in it. But. you never let us get enough ahead for tliht.It's work or go hungry with us. The poorer we gets, the tighter ye can llsqueeze its, and 1 sonlotiltes wonder why ye gives its as luchl as ye do. 1 S'pose C muan might live on a little less. At.d its all business, us ye say." i'hillip, Ial seIted himself, but; lie said nothling. lie had given the mian thd privi lege of his tongue, and he did not seem disposed to stop him. 'lIs the right price of a thing what; a mian 'll give for It I If they had the money, meno would give S1,000,000 for a breath of. nir, whetn they're stifled. Would it be right to pump off the air, and then lot it on at S1,000,000 a breathing? If you was drown ing, you'd give S1,010,000 to be saved if it was only to hold out a pole to yer. Is that a fair price for holdin' out a pole? We're slurvii' unless we can get a bite to eat. Is it any more right to bargain with us for a life of hard work, for just enough to live on !A titan wants sunomthilt' mllore thanu food. lie wauts to send his children to 'school, to get a loatlit' hour noew and theln, to make himtself somcthin' bcsides a brute. Slie wants--he wants some such things and chances s you have. Why, stluirc, we're all men together." The eaun's eyes looked across at Phillip with a vague wistfulness, as if he were thinking of the beautiful possibilities of a life so far all drudgery and want, "But what is there to dol" exclaimed Philip in ani impatient tone that put to flight all the workman's foolish fancies. The young maul's heart seemed changed to flint. "You don't want to be objects of charity, do you?" John Gtraves straightened his arts along the table; thenu heI stood up. "Charity! Well, no, not such charity as picks a creature iup today as soft as a baby, and drops hint to- morrow like a dog. _ But if payint' yer help onought of yer gain so they. can kntow what life is-if that is charity, as you call it, give it to us. Yo needn't be so precious fraid of hurtiu' the laboring classes, as they call 'em, by troatin' 'eut too well. They're sinkin' every day lower and lower, and lots of follows., in specs keep a warnin' you not to spoil 'eu, not to hurt their pride, or break their spirit by givin' 'em something. As if kindness over hurt any human soul, Not that I would call it charity; they earns every mite ye'll ever give 'oem." "But if the mills or employers don't make such gains as you seem to take for graunt ed" "If there ain't money made, why, nobody can find no fault not to gel big pay. All I mean is when money is made, and that's pretty often, we ought to have some share in it." "Don't go, Jolhn, I want to ask you" "I must; I asked out for today," and the door closed after the man. For quite a while after his last visitor had gone, Philip sat with his eyes fixed on the door knob in in tense abstraction. Was he angry at the audacity of the common laborer? When he pushed back his chair and rose to his feet, running his hands through his hair, he made one exclamationtt "How blind." But whom he meant, ihelther his class or the laborers, did not spp.ar from his tone or from the bitter smile on his lips. John GOraves would have told in a moment t hat the young proprietor meant to good to his help. The man had l,;rn4 :imt"mer of hope that Philip Breton might only be waiting for an opportunity~, but this itt?teriewv had dispelled it from his mind. ( It wais some little timue afterwards that Phiip left his counting room and made his wvay iup the strlnet. 1e was dressed in som. bere; tblackl, and .Isis silk lh4 wa subdued witL a wide band of crapip. Bt his dr.es was no ,iore melanchloly than his fa4c. Wl .t unditer pressure of busiuess, one would not lna-'o nioticed it so espeiallyl, but the in staot lhe was thrown btack tlpolt himself, his face bectame as sad and lhoteless as the face of the most wretched laborer in his mill. He was tasting thie most bitter dregs in life, he thou lht. What soul could bhe more crushed thean hir? The tiumen was when it would have been imnposslllo for himit t see a human crea ture suffer without a thrill of sympathy. It oould have seemedt a cretil and unnatural itrola of fortune, which it was for him to preveIt or aure. But he had learned better, Iloe t'ought. Suffering was icommont to all; thers was no good of trying to pIatlch lip this life or that; the terrible disease was forever It work. Conditions madle bttt little differ ace; richi and poor, high ntdt low, agonized together r somne fornt of broken hope, some unsatisfied hunger. The chapel door stood open, andtl he stopped andloolked in. It was hero Jler-th andlhe were to lhave been tarrluiedl. And it would have been before this-biut now. lie saw the place where they would lhave stoodt together. The church was empty and he walked softly un, as if afraid of disturbing the ghosts of his dead hopes, who haunted yet, perhaps, the sacred spot they glorifiedl iln ill the dreamsof his early mauhulood lo walked wearily up the echoltg aisle andt thlurew himself into a sent. Ila bowed his ihead upon tho back of the per in fronlt of litll. IIad lie nIo shame to come to the rescue of his broken heartl would he grieve fotrever over a womtan that hadl becomo another IaunI's wife? She had called on the laws of the land for hert protec tion; he hIlad nio right to orven thituk of hai now. Sfihe was shut away fromn him forever. It had beconme a slit for him niow to long for her, though she had Ibn so nearly his own wife. Theret was nio placo in ithe world for unmated lovers like him. If sio 'Iand not married that mant Itow st-inge tlina lho had henardt notlhiig of thalnt inmarrigo; liaer note had not mentioned It, and nio oneo had spoken of it since.$SWhy, his belief in helr purity wasso ablsoltte he had not even thought to question her matrriage, and inow it was like a guilty thing, thathe permitted himself to entertain for a moment terrible fears. Whattvengeance would he stern and relentless Cenough for hin who had wrecked the noblest womanltood in the world, who hand sullied a purity like tnu angel's, anll isulted? a snered dignity like Bertha's? Oh, it could not be: no llitea otn earth could have been so bold, su itmpious. How wild his imagination had become. "Oh, I didn't know buttit was young Breton and that lertlha Elliagsworth that was going to.be married." Two graceless women hlad come in and seated themselves in a neighboring pow. Philip had been thinking so intensely until now that an earthquake would hardly have disturbed hin. "That'll never be," giggled the other; "you don't say you didn't know she eloped with that Curran fellow, though it's been kept pretty still?" "Do tell!" Philip shuddered. Why were creatures like these permitted to touch names like Bertha's? "Married another chap, oh? Well, young Breton never was much for looks, anyhow." "Married?!" Philip started at her tone. "Who said she was marriedi The shoe's on the other foot. She aiut married at all. Handsome fellow like hinm has a wife in every town, such as they be. That proud minl is only one on 'em." How they rolled the shameful story, like a sweet morsel under their tongues, as if it relieved the blackness of their contemptible souls, that one woman more had singed her angel wings in the piti less flant of disgrace. Philip had struggled to his feet. The women blushed like lire and tried to look un conscious, but lihe did not even glance at them as he moved down the aisle. He could not see very well. Was the chapel full as it seemed? and was that an usher in white kids who was coming toward hidm and saying: "Just one minute more; the bridal couple are just coming in." Bolt upright he sat where he had been guided, and sate as in a dream a white phan tom of a woman it seemed and a black shadow of a man go by, "Itarriedt who said she was nmarried Ah! it was horriblel Perhaps they two, those women fiends, were all that know the shamesfl secret. , ould it do any good to pray them for the mercy of God to keep il( Would money hire a woman to keep a dlsgrhc'e that had fallen on a fair SIster's siatue.i" "Arenit you going to salute the bride?" smi'l eiac ne atalinn icce. "This is the mar ringe of Labor and Capital at last." He had perlpetrated his witticism a dozen times at least, and this was the first hearer who had not laughed. Jane Graves and Silns Ellings worth, lerhtia's father--were they mad, or was Ief' "I tmu ill," he mutteredl incoherently, as he pushsed his way almost roughly out, CHIAPTE XVTII,. TiHE NEW STOCK COIPAN'. Tile terrible seed, of suspicion sown in 'liilil Ip lelon's ,minil lore the bitterest fruits through the drCeary winter months. No efforts of his will, iorll couirse of rensOlling could coinm fort himt. For a tmotimnt lie might find ro li?e., but his torncseut would only return afrl'esh. ltlitlunuity ll'e slowt, to believe good of fellow creaturelll bult sllthillg seemed too hIad to bie lrue. hel thought it mlight have caletid himn to have bee assurel' even of the wastll. Ite.heliev'dI tiht hi might despise the womnes lie had elevated to the highest pilnnlllCe tf' his, idlenl temple of womlllanhood, if .she had male so little of the most sacred gift: of (Hll. hlUt it would lhave been a vio Ilace to his feelinigs lto ilnquirie clf those s~ho Illlmst klllw'. .rie'ifather must know, but his smiltig face will reveal nothing, nud his ve:y' resors'c was peopled 'with hlorrors for Phililp. His wife .Jnte "lust know, too, but lie cotl? nllot bear to thinkt of the maliclous Ipleasure she would ink, in detailing the shamteful shtoy to IIIIn. She weouhl sate her hate il his isery. lBut what if it were not a shameful story? Still he could not form his lips to ask. Thie lhunliliation of such a ques tion from Itim, ia discarded lover, about her at whose feet li le had been proud to sit, shorlced himt into silence. lie even dreaded lee they ailight speak to hint of her, although it linl bteen nottlhs sinoe he had heard Ber. that's uitt once breathed. iOne evening at thoe very close of thoe winter, l'hilili bl'etolt called a mlseetinlg ,of his help, mll theil old market lhall was eacked front doo,r to platformt. Rieporters were lplanted by their tables, to catch every word of the mysterious proceedligs. lReprcesentative from all the factories in the count ry elbowed the crowd for theu'ir three feet of standing rootm, eager to learn sll1 ols new device for iimaking money oult of their hellp as good as the other. JBut the great atldienccwas, Lstrangely silent, It know not what t,'exi pect. lerhaps the ecoinomical milll owner iwas goinlg to nulllllOUcea lcnew reductllion in their wages; everybodly saill Io was reduel'ug everywlhere. Tho feeling in their hearts was more of fear thau hope, and it was a look of piteous terror, almost, that they east at the slight foritt in black, that calto forward on the platform. They reminded Philip of a flock of frightened sheep that. had never had a shepherd. Then he thought of a great armiy' niased before thilp snloking ,rennonl tmonth, an armiy that had never hall a gen eral. lie saw they feared hiim. "I have been for a loug tineu tryiigl':o to hlk of some way to inmko your lives temor' fair for you, and yet be faio to myself atld miy class. I havebeen culttilng on expenses to imake the whole bhusilness mnachlinery as economlical as I knew. Now, qt last I am ready to take you into my conlidcncep and tiak, you a lrOixcal." There was a stir in the great audienceo, ts if every mao changed his position at tilhe same momlent, so as to be sure lnot to Sos9 one precious word of the new gospel. "I cannot feel that I ought to give you anything. And I cannot ste that it wouldlbo reasonable to pay nore wages thain sthers pnay; that is, than you have now." A huslhl adl fallesn Ilpon hit, people like dleath. Threi'a wils uno lspe for them, thun. Still thel speaker welt? oi,. "ullt if your Inhlr' is IprofithleS to me, so that I can pay you youir Itil'e, miid paly my uther expelises, and 1,oy liii for thie tille I give to the husitness whalt such servieous Is I do Is paid elseslwhere, and teitn havo something besidles"-- 'Tlie r'eporteyrs d'roppc, their peis in aston inelt; was tho niiu mitdt? "I am disposed to tlhink tlhatst you have earned ni slir'o in it." lie pulisedc to eatch hIis hIcutllh, andi otn could have iheard a pini fill in !t!t 'r'owded rioolm. ''"My ctlital shuldll., be litv'et fo', ltoo, JiU i wordi', I pro pose to divhlce the i proits .pof Oil' illj afterl all expeluses ril'e pail, ilto tw, 'outllll parts IherteIl'ftc·, oneo fol' hlioi', youlllrs slllls lllille and olle f'or Ihe illterec-t oil tity tutouncy. T'ile pLrt whnih lelongs tSi la,?r will be distri'ited acco'rdllig to the worthl of each nlie's year's wor'k. 'he uno thisht nrlns the hIIgesti year's pay s'ill ]ltv' thie Ilrg.et per' ccllt. tf that togetlhers, eanl, Ivjls i t s lhal'Ce l'gO or smillts ac cortlilg to tile vnalue i,' his wo'ork." T'hie ,us lintlg triciiletld with the I'Oil' of inp plau.s that wtest uSl, anit it uwas several mio lisetits heforoe P'lidi could tiake himsself hel'dintiigth, Hie had tioglgh ther' was uotlthing left ill his lit', w'ithl love golle ,tiIt of it, but ns hl stittd it ht moment with tSliglad shouts oi the poor sitgitig ihi hIs ,ar., and felt h ha 1 t lhet tlt itIt ~' f InOtllhage, his heartii thrilled witlh a Ittui'd joy thnat nl aimostl ectasy. His wealth had brought him a hap. piness that made even a life like his worth living4 had conferred on him a glorious sense of the dignity of manhood which lifted hinl an on wings. They mlst listen while he explained the terms of his plan more fully. Ile motioned to a dozen boys and took a printed sheet of paper from the pile of similar sheets which he ordered distributed among the workmen. lie then read aloud the following from the paler in his hand: The first divided will be distributed Aug. 1 for the year ending Jully 1. The surplllus is 8?00,tKX0; $100,000 is sot apart as tile allow. ance for capital invested, which leaves $100, 000, to be distributed to the labor il prlopor tion to tile wages or silary earned by each. Tile whole amounlt of wagies and salaries earlted il tie mlills wasnbiuit ,i:i0,000. There. fore thle rate per cent. of dividend is about 7T 7-10 to lie calculated on the wagesor salary of each a111111, womnl and1111 child as siown by the payInister'sbook for the 1palst year. For exiample, thie niiii w-hom the pay roll shows to have ealrned $1:00 for his year)f work, will receive 27 7-10 l~'r cent. onl $100 in ad dition. or Iihoat $1S.10 as his dividend. Tie llpayIlnster, who received a, salary of $2,000, will recelive abot $.4-i, ald as smanagler worthli a saluary of $5,000, [ shall receive more thiI twice the dividend of the pluyntlster. C(lrtatin restrictions will be illlused. First, only onc-half of the an .uml dividend will h,, in ,dish, for it would hurt the inlterests of the mill to withdranw so ntch front the hlusi :l?e. The' other half will be in stock, whlich will draw dividlends as the rest of the alpltal. Secoud, stocekcanlothetransferred .xeept to operatives, but will 1e redeemed at he counting room, after otice, wheon tolders leave the mills, as stock will yield lividleds only while holdlers work illn the utills. Holders of stock may hold meetings ald choose a comndittee toexamine the books if the complnny,beforo tIhe annual distributioi if dividends. When Philip Breton sat down a noisy hunt if voices followed as the people read and 'oninented uponl the prospectus. The figures ooked anything hut dull to them. The bright possibilities that cano lup before theirinag untions as they read were such as no gentle ,iulelc of poetry could have given them. Apparently they ivotild never have tired of :ending the wonderful words of hope and 'ood cheer over and over, except that the iuter door swung open and a tall iann's form entered. Philip Breton from the platform saw it and the pride slkened on Il hs heart. The crowd about the door passed the whisper around, and it was hardly one short minute wlhei the building shook egain with cheers is they shouted the name of Curran. Yes, it .was lie whlo pushed his way well into the room,l andl then stopped and took oneof the printed sheets, as if he were un conscitonus of their cheering, and read till his face, that hnd looked ao sterni and terrible, softened like a chihl. Then he mlounted a settee for his platformll and uncovered his head with a nlew grace that becamle hint as well as his strength. The old bitterness had gone fron his lips; it had given place to a touchinllg sadness ithat sobered every facethat was tlurned toward Iill, "Hio menus to deili well by you; he wants to iauke you shari'eolle.rs in your work." Philip hadl risen exetcillv to his feet. The sight of the oman who lutd bleenl with ilerthn, who calne perhalls 1u1t. this illlnl flt 1'lnis ltho wlan hlie haid wronged so terribly, was lat first iallosst ulaltddeliillg to hIill Au, how gt,'al .In. d lahfnutiful hiei was. with his deep mIiigihty 'liest and shloulilers, anid Ils lilmbs like pillarstel colie tciiple. There werie no ilws lfor such ilen ias he; the holliest and purest: of women love to Ilnko themllselves bse alnd collllumll thlings to will smiles fronl his pr)lout eyes, and11i men forget thleir venge sulce, andi only reinCIellller hliow u1111ll land ineall they seem before hhitl. util who could lolt lit his Inulii choly fce.anud the calm lignity that iested upon hilll alvwaiys, andll e :eve lie could he vile! Yet lperhnlps nothing ras vile or low to [lilll, Iad evell sill was ;:loriled in hias eyes whel it sauited his caprice to sill. Philip ihad ceaOs to the very edge of the platform and becckoned i friend to hiin. "Do you see the tutu talking-h lie ma1 with Lhe iauluarn hanir curling about Iris neck? uo, loln't look yet;" his voile was hulslky with >xcitement. "'.'et behind hiili while he is Calking iind stop hiil bleoelo he goes out. I out1st see0-hlim and steiak willh himl; I wouldt rather $10,000 than lo.e hlin,. (ulickl, lnowH." As 'Philip sailt dowelii ?guin alnd wiatched his frield tryilng to mllke lii way tllroiglh tihe :loso packed crowdl he hIeasldl it.mlliran's voico again. What was thlere clhaigedit ill it? ? had lost its old rinllg, there was ia qluee'r drag ill it soluoti?lles, al11I wheieI he luses to railse his voice till everly nerve tingled for svin Ipatlly, lie seenied now to let it fall, nail his olog, sonllo,itt Senltences died dowiln at the ?ill like a usnilled bell. 1"1f others weroo like hih," lie was saying, "the reform I -iwould die for would colme soon, w'ould te upon us,"." How slow his frienid mlovol. Philip actu ally litted the people who wero too stupid to get oult of his mlessenllger's waiy. Illld Culrranlll finished, wlas this iilt hiut was left of his eloqllence! Y!es, ho was stepplilng dlown aln'il moving toward thi door. 'lhilip's friend wais almost there, thue 1niu1 tInist nlot escape thuls, oad pinge ll iguiin wii h illthe 1wo inill whose life lit had biastdl intllo the ob iscurity he seeImed to love. I'hilile lealed to his fiet?nllld Ialmost; houted'to thfi people. All turned their faces expectantly toward hlimll, CIirran with the rest his pale l woirnfluce. Phili,'s friend was comlllaniost to hint nlow. If Cuarran could only be dotaintcI for ono ilomlent Ilol'e, "It will of coulrse be for the interest of all of youll," lie 1noII' hie was talking awsekly, but it was no matter', "to earn the mIost wages youl can1, to lose thin flewest dalys. to turn oil: the most piece work."' t) coulte, he splke too stupllidly; Curran turned onl his heel and mluoveul towardl thebo iloorl. A?lliost instatly thenl l'hilip ]hrcton gilve a sildeln sho, l;t Los\ to the allldien?p plud liusiupenicrd. l Illck of thie phatform.l 11o bUolnidellI ioiIsii the uialTrov, taiis, fOrllt a tillme, nnd I'll rushed nlioand to tLhe f£ront of the bullinig like olle mlad, to tlare for a IIniillent ill the f:ces o01' the escap ig crowd,. Then, wiler tiiann ever at thie thliolught tlllt Currani luighlt Ihanvo goioe out ilnong the ilrsat, hlie rai back aud forth sfter one groIlit lnld anothel, but all ill valin. Thll he forced himiself to itOli liid thlnllik. llud fomrthwith lmade iltiuiri'ies for Ciui'raI'iiis loardiing i0cc. lO reniuiuedl the p1ice1 at lust ancl ian breath Icssly lip the stilhrs. JI nlother lloenliclt lie 'oall k1low the tlullth if it killed hIlill 1to bar it. Ieo lutlls. ienlllio tl ItliosullOli.~ash aldow of iusulsioln tlhat slms Illtollitg nil tIhe holiest Iprecill~cs of hIis intuilie. Ci'erltilityl ins tllt ter fuar, ifr the uIle'Ves rall Ilucce thilllsel\ves aglilst llio t o rlelily lideined ft'ulli''i'e of over so hiileoius a snllstel; fl r heltler certlinlily thu this e'i'wliilg sliiy tci'lr' tihalt made hiii iislnnetld of ia llllinhol thllt conld ciherish it. i-t darcd aiik Ciirrani for tine Irnsth, lie did ilot ,)rllinih fromii il. If the limailn werLoinno cent ihe lihiglht ,i i'1ik hini down foe thio insilt to the plllrilty of hils wile. i5liaip thougllt sluch liitonpllcnLt woitl eeii jlust iiid 1prope'. Ilnt iC hie wrcie gililtly, lhi, if ilerthl was giilty" tilrough hin what dluath was terrible eiioiigh f,.i' hispicillillc . iary13 wtilliilwtth iii hile umistakable exlrleseiloni of th Iexst2at111 ,'lileiiiig llistress 0g li4' fute ulll lu be' attitude1 mlet thie pole faced young man at the top of the stairs. Sh did not recognize the proprietor of the Bre toln ills, in his slight form. She would have looked for a mani of lofty stature and com mnandlig inlen, nuad not a more lad whom nobody would glance twice at on the street. "Where is Curran? I-I wnut him." "Why, he's just gone; he drove olf to Lew iston." "To Lewiston? Aro you sure?" Why, this nust be some important personage after all, he was so peremptory. Poor people can bully, but there is n shamefacedness or al over af fectation of authority that betrays them; their self consciousuess lets the whole secret out. "Either Lewiston or Raleigh; I can't tell, really, sir: Shall I got you a carriage, Mr. Mr. 1? "Two horses and a buggy; a driver, too. Tell them It is for Mr. Blreton; and," he shouted after the womlanl, "if they give 1me a poor lorso he will be dead before they ever see him again." It seened anl hour liforo the horses drew up before tile hoarding house door, and an other hour before they had left the village behind. Teni the little patience Philip had forsook litn. lie caught the reins from the astonished driver, and at the threatening snap of tih whip the horsss. took their fastest gait. It was a little past 9 o'clock the next morn lng that 'lhilip Breton, pale from a sleepless uight, knockedi at a low studded door in an ill ventilated tenement lihose, where they told hli C'urrain lived. Within was Dortha, the high bred woman, wonted to the costliest tlxuries of wealth. And she was willing, then, to live inl such squalor as this to be with the man she loved. Could change have been cruel enoiugh to have touched her? Per haps ani itfant hung hungrily on her bosom, and Curran, fallen back into his vulgar tradi tllonl, lolnged in red flaiincl shirt sleeves in her presence. Could lie bear the sightl But she oinght be alone; his heart beat faster with terror and hope. She would lift her sweet eyes pleasantly to hlint-so easy it is for wo men to forget the agony they hnvo caused. She would hold out her shapely hand to him, but it would be stained and worn from hard ships. Should ho fall at her feet? Would he he able to remember she was another's-dead to him? Ile knocked again, possibly no one was at homle. "Come in." It was n man's volce. As Philip opened the door he saw the man lie sought by the window, eagerly looking up and down the street, as if waiting for some sign. There was no guilty fear or shame in the caln face that was turned to his visitor. "Breton." lie gavo limi his hand with hearty good will. "Somehow I could not speak last night, but you have begun a noble work. Why, I had rather feel the proud sat isfaction you nilust have, I would rather be iit your place than the greatest man in the whole world." Philip was afraid to look about him. Pesr haps Berthl lhad no wish to speak to him, or. euls she was not ihreI; there was no atmos plhere of a vwomina's love and care in the plice, somehow. ltnt Curran went on in his quick, eager way, "The rich men have the most glorious privilege ever men had Each 1lInm of wealth can let the fountains of light and joy into the lives of a village in some way which shall make his name blessed for ever. Instead of that, whole generations of as have to break ourselves int pieces in the elfort to wear away their rock. We fail, as the wretched l t,Xi creatures who strike hero today will fail, to gain one privilege more for ourselves, yet our children may profit from our sacrifices, perhaps, or ther children. Anything is better than spiritloss, eternal su issio isin." Philip released his hand from the man's clasp and turned to look about him. No wo. nnu's shawl hung on the rack. No baby's shoes or toys were in sight. A nail's rude hands had set the chairs in an awkward row. A man's hands made the comfortless looking bed that stood in one corneIr There was no soft scent of pierfumno, such as Bertlni would have left behind her if she had but lately gone. Why, Berthal could never have breathed for a mnonieut there. Love can do much, but it cannot mllake a wonanu over. "Where is your wife?" Philip asked in a low, breathlessvoice. "Bertha." I "1VIWer is your w ifo?" The eager look ?faded from Curran's face, land his blue eyes grow troubled. For an instant he did not answer, but stood with folded nrms gazing out into the street. "What is a wifel" he said at last. "A wouan who loves a man and lives in his love, who pines in his absence and listens to the coming of his foot steps, as the sweetest music in the world to her; to whom all the gifts of life would be nothing without him; to whom poverty and disgrace would lose their lhatefulness if he shared them. A wife Is Ua sweetheart, iq hundred times tenderer and happier." His voice grow bitter and hard for Ia iomenmt as hle added, "No, I have no wife, Blertha has left mce." Hie heard a shout, and a score of hurrying forrms rushed by his window. He turned from the window il a sudden passion of ex citemcnt. "The strike has begun. What pity do the rich deserve? Even their women are taught only to break honest men's hearts. They are beautiful as the angels of heaven and cruel and pitiless as the angels of hell." ?.But wait," cried Philip, catching him by thp anlll Curran had not yet spokeq the longedi for words to protect Bertha's name from the insult of another suspicious thought. But a shout rolledl up froim the street, and another and another in quick succession. Curran shook him off and, catching his hat fromn tlip table, sprung down the stairs. CHAPTER XVIII. WY COUL.DN'T SHEil IAVE WA.TEDI ''ho new maid, who showed Philip Breton into Mrs. Ellingowortl,'s parlor, was not near ly as pretty as her predecessor in oflico, but lie was too Imuch absorbedl with his delicate errand to take any notice of her. Bertha ,Vas alone .soolllllere, deserted, unpllotected. Something must be done for her. It was a straniugo Ilac to seek pity for her, in the woman's bosom which lie lhadn seen heaving in hate of her; hilt a imagnaimolls heart is wont to counist on I lie generosity of others. T'e maid l had said Mr. Ellingswortlh was not innd s Io howas left toappeal to the wsoman ly tenderness of his wife. (To be Oontinuaed) 