FILER VERSUS CAIN. BY JAMES GREENWOOD (THE AMATEUB CASUAL). \- (Continued.) The young.man leant over the counter and looked at 'Filer—who actually winkedas he wagged 'his tail and looked back in' return—and then proceeded to serve me. . ' Yon will 'fee very careful, of course, sir,' he remarked,-smilingly, as he handed me the little -packet; ' you are not likely to make a mistake, and take it yourself. 1 ' It isn't very likely. How had I best give it him ?' ' It doesn't matter in the least. He •will take it anyhow—it is quite tasteless.' So I called ct a butcher's, and bought a nice little sguare block of lean steak for fourpence, and, cutting a slit in it with my penknife, -neatly inserted the entire dose. Filer was hungry. As far as I knew, he had not tasted solid food since we came from home yesterday. I threw the square little block of beef to him, and, ufter a few moments' of toothsome mastication, he swallowed it, and licked his lips. I smiled for the first time since yesterday. * Confound you, for a hateful beast!' I remarked, addressing (Filer aloud; ' you have doue it cow ! Thanks to the power of poison, I shall soon he released from your abominable company.' And being clear of Barnet town, and out into the country again, I lit a pipe and sat on a rail that skirted a field to await the catastrophe. But I wiited in vein. AB though the deadly drug was only a pinch of-salt, taken as a relish -with his meat, 3?iler seemed to eufier not the slightest inconvenience from it. He crouched down on his haunches, as' usual, and lay at my feet, his comfortable snore mocking the hope that he would shortly be racked with internal agonies. I waited with increasing disgust for at least an hour, and then got down from the rail, on which Filer rose, gaped, and shook himself, and we plodded on as before. That night we slept in a barn, and all next day I wandered aimlessly and miserable until the evening. It was dark when we reached St. Albans, where I got an evening newspaper. My crime was still undiscovered! It was terrible to think of my Matilda'E lifeless form still lying uncoffined in that dim room; bat the-deed was done, and nothing could undo it. I must get away somehow — and without Filer. Since there was no other way, seemingly, of freeing myeelf from the accursed creature, I must make a desperate daeh for it. The railway station wee close at hand. I would take, train to «o matter where. I would so time it, that I should not be kept waiting on the ^platform, but hare nothing to do but hastiiy take my ticket and rush up the steps and jump into a carriage, and so off-and-away without my tormentor. But now something inexplicable occur red ! No sooner had I approached the station to make inquiries than Filer was taken with a strange restlessness. He ran to and fro, and jumped about, and barked his loudest. Gould it be that the dose of arsenic was at last taking effect on him ? But that did cot seem likely. If he were in pain he would howl and exhibit o'her distressing symptoms. On the contrary, he was gay and frisky. The most singular part of it was, he seemed anxiouc to get upstairs to where the traiu atari ed! My heart sank within me. It Really appeared SB thongh the brute was gifted with a diabolical instinct that enabled him to fathom my most secret thoughts and designs, lie knew what I was bent on and he meant coming with me.' He would take no denial, but kept running about gleefully, and making the booking-office echo with his Tinging bark. I took my ticket at the pay place. * Is this your dog, sir ?' asked the ticket taan at his wicket. ' No,' I replied. And he shut the gate. But, in an instant, Filer leapt the obstasle and ; was bounding up the stairs before me. \ : Still with his nose to the ground, he ran along the platform to the waitingroom, I closely following. The door-was dosed, but he pushed it open, and we both entered, and—powers above us! there sat my wife! \ Not her ghost—my dear Matilda in the ilesh, and, excepting that her jface was Bomewhat paler, and her eyes as thongh die had been' crying, looking as well as ever.' "Fortunately no one lelee was in the v ailing-room. "With a glad cry site approached me, as in speechless be vildennent I stood duping my 1 hajids, 4 «Oh, Tom! At last I have found you then? Oh, how cruel—how cruel! And. while I sobbingly held her in my arms, Slier barked with joy, and executed so tnaxy extravagant capers that, under other -circumstances, would have Justified his- summary extinction, as a dog that was incurably mad. He certaroly was a most extraordinary animal. When at length we both sat down, %e came and nestled his head between us so lovingly, •that I forg&ve;<him, there anS then, all the dreadful anguish he ,had occasioned me. Then came the explanation, and, after all. it was *n amazingly -simple one. My outrageous behtviotir had caused my wife to swoon so completely, thot she appeared to be really dead, and it was not until eome time after I had taken my departure that she recovered consciousness. What was Tier state of mind when she fonnd that I was gone and did not retnrn I will -not attempt to describe, or the agony ^he endured all next day when I remained etill absent. It was not until that morning she had news of me. The Barnet policeman bad obtained the summons, which was served at 12,'Keystone-street, and 'J. Bawlish Esquire's landlady, much puzzled ab' ut it, because Jack had told her he intended to leave his dog with us, came to our place to make enquiries. Shrewd at grasping a clue, Matilda at once took train for Barnet, and hearing of me there as being on the road with the dog, and going towards St. Allan's, hurried thither by rail. Her several hours of search in that neighbourhood had, however, proved unavailing, and woeful and disconsolate, she was waiting to take the train back again to London, when—thanks, in part, toFiler—we— Well, the reader has already been made awaTeofwhatwe did. It is a good many years ago now, but old Filer is still in the land of the living, and though he has scarcely a tooth left in his head, fifty guineas down would not buy him. THE END. 