LONDON TABLE TALK. [From our Special Correspondents] LONDON, March 21, 1891. The London and Paris telephone has been successfully laid, and on April 2 will be thrown open to the public. The charge for using the wire three minutes has been fixed at Bs. It Is reckoned a clear ecoticlator can easily talk. 300 words la that time. Tfali message telegraphed wonld cost £2 10a. Nevertheless the tarift ta considered dear. One can, tt seems, talk from Paris to Brassels for five infantes for 3 francs, or from Paris to Marseilles for a similar period for 4 fraacs 50 cents. By mntnal arraignment between the la*}en the Gordon- Oammlag slander case will be taken be'ore Whitsuntide. The defendants plead (1) that the libel wm never published, and (2) jasttfioatlou. Shocld Sir Wiilitm fail to prove publlea tlon the cate will break down ah iniiio aid his l?Bt etate be cocsiderably wone than bis first. A rrglmentalenqalrywoald then be inevitable «&d; Imperative. This would please the Wilsons and his R >yal Highness far better than the ordeal of cross examination by Sir E. Clarke and Mr. GUL The more one learns, concerning the rough and ready administration of justice by Judge Lynch at New Orleans last Saturday the more justification there ap pears for It Even that personification of strict propriety the Thr.es oan find ample excuses for the outburst of lawlessness. One of Us representatives has Interviewed a gentleman actively engaged In business for many yean In the southern capital. He said—" The Italian question la Neir Orleans Is quite as st-rlons as the Chinese question on the Pacific Uosst ever was. or as tbe Hungarian qoestlon In the mining districts of Pennsylvania. These men would be welcome enough If they were governed by any decent code of law or morals whlchrulesociety. TheM*fia, which exercises a terrorising influence over the reputable part of the community, la vastly more potent than the Influence exercised by the law In Louisiana over the ruffianly class. There Is In this case no qoestlon of race or caste or of a revolt of one faction against another. Upright honorable business men were actually In the mob and heartily In sympathy with It. Ido not defend ench outbreaks any more thin I defend a decent man who, after a long provocation, loses his temper and knocks down a blackmatler or shoot* a thief. In either case the man is reprehensible for breach of the peace ; bat there are some wrong things that we cannot utterly con demn men for doing The Mafia Italians are the most degraded wretches that come to America The majority of them get their living by crime, while those who follow a respectable trade get rid of competition by holding oat threats of marder against their rivals I very time that a member of the Mafia is ttied for crime one or more of the jury men selected to try him receive warning, written and sealed from the Mafia Society, terrorising them into a refusal to convict. The resole Is that the jary disagree. The criminal law It like a lottery, and If you try to enforce it, handicapped by the Mafia, yon have got a hard task. The jury who tried the?e Sicilians were probably more terrorised than bribed. What are yen going to do when a secret society in your midst Is corrupting trade and morals, and even tbe administration of jastlce, and to attain Its ends does not atop at the moat heinous crimes? The bast people in New Orleans sometimes find their patience strained beyond endurance and take the law Into their own hands Look at the character of the men head ing Saturday 'a mob. They were not rbftiaae, bat good citizens Look at the time they tuofc to do the job; they did not ekolk under the cover of the night ?nd did not even dUgulse themselves Toty believed their work to be right, and struck the blow openly in broad daylight." I tee that Mr. Parkerson. the energetic citizen who led the mob on Saturday, was not 24 hours older before he received a notification from the Man* that his life should pay forfeit and his family be poisoned, if anything were to occur to this brave man or any of his little ones I should hope the city wonld rise and drive every Italian, whether Innocent or guilty, out of the place. Imagine if yon oan what would happen even In holy Adelaide If a Chinese " Mafia'- with which the autho rities proved wholly unequal to coping sprang np. It would be odd If a single Chinaman were left In jroor city In a year. At the end of last week the managers of the gambling establishment at Monte Carlo were for the fint time for many years seriously uneasy. Occasional heavy losses they have of course known, bat never such a long continued ton against tbe ba&k; as is sow occurring. The losses of the establishment at trtnte etquarante in six days were over ,£20,000. Heedless to cay the croupiers were constantly changed and .the cards used carefully scrutinised by experts beforehand. The successful players, now of coarse followed by the public, aver they have at last dis covered a system which will work. The management suspect they scarcely know what. Tears ago something of this sort happened at the ronlette table. A party of unknown English Jews broke the bank backing certain numbers The wheel was microscopically examined and It tnrred out that some of the partitions had with Infinite skill been imperceptibly widened and others narrowed. This of course greatly Improved the chances of certain numbers. The management kept Its own counsel and quietly changed the wheeL As a consequence the wily Hebrews lost back to tbe bank a large lnmp of their winnings ere they discovered the attempt to correct fortune had been found out. Cards are the only machinery used for trenle tt quarante, and these the management make themselves. The marriage of Lord HarUngton to the Duchess of Manchester will take place In April or May next, which will be rather more than a year from the date of his grace's death. The duchess Intends to retain her present title till the marquis succeeds his venerable father as Duke of Devonshire. She will then, of coarse, be known as duchess of that iik. Sir Charles Dilke continues stonily In different to the flood of words that good, that much too good, man Stead continues to pour forth opon his head. The latest move of tbe editor of the Ecview of Be rietcs baa been the Issue of a leaflet In which he Invites the public to " assist In preventing the return to the House of Commons of a man who, If the verdict In the Divorce Court be correct, ought by his own admission to be In the House of Correction." Ido not under estimate Mr. Stead's inflaence, and I have little donbt that In this one sided straggle with Sir Charles he will prevail. Never theless it is a cruel shame such malignant persecution ehoold continue. If one could hope that when the day of Dllke's com plete vindication dawns —as I firmly believe It will—Mr Stead would feel In tbe smallest degree abased or ashamed of himself It wqnld be some consolation. Unfortunately one knows that It Is sot In tbe least likely. After the Llpski fiasco, when most editors woald have felt utterly crushed, Mr. Stead ate dirt In the cheeriest way, qnlte Indeed as though it were his usual diet. What ca«< yon do with such a man? The feature of the March Revive of B< cities Is Mrs. Beeant's character sketch of the late Mr, Bradlaugh. It d-als with the portion of this truly great man's life which the present generation knows least about, his early straggles In the cause of freethought and the gospel of Malthas. The reasons which deliberately led Mr. Bradlaugh and Mrs. Besaat to repnbUsh and assert the legality of the notorious Knowlton pamphlet, "The Fruits of Philosophy," are very clearly explained. They neither of them liked the tone of the brochure, and they knew the straggle would cost them dear. Mr. Bradlaugh believed (this was fn 1877) he was sacrificing his seat for Northampton In espousing such a cause, "but (Mrs. Beaant writes) the cry of the poor was In our ears, and we conld not permit the discussion of the popula tion question In Its one practical aspect to be crashed. We did not like the pamph let, but to atop It was to stop ail " Ulti mately when the long long struggle ended In die allies vindicating the legality of the " Fruits of Philosophy" it was withdrawn from sale, and Mrs Besant herself wrote a leaflet which contained the satne troths and Information nnobjectlonably put "So," rbe says, "ended a terrible stznggle In which indeed we suffered bit terly, and were touted by every Insult tbat profligates could formulate, but in which we gave the pour knowledge that ! has raised thousands out of olrest poverty, j and saved thousands of poor men's wives from despair ' The sketch, which no one should mis*, ends with a fiaa panegyric. Here are the last lines: — " Without faith In God, but fall of love to man, Charles Bradlaogh led a pure and noble life, and he has iron the only sorb of Immortality his stroig soul craved—the memory of honest service folthfaliy wrought, loyally rendered — deathless memory In a world made nobler by his livlcg, richer by fcla sacrifices, poorer by Us death." *' Tourmalin's Time Cheques" is another of Mr F. Anstey's wildly whimsical ex travagances. Fancy a paaseEg«r travelling homeward on a P. & O. steamer, who finds time haDg heavy on his hands, toddedy faced by the baslnesa-like "manager of the Anglo-Australian Joint Stock Time Bank." This personage offers to bank the hours which Mr Peter Tourmalin finds drag bo, and to return them to him with Interest later on In periods of 15 mlnates each. For this purpose he presents Peter with a book of time cheques, which will, be assures blm, be cashed by any respec table clock on being slipped behind It. The voyage now ends, aid In a week or two Peter, back in England, marries tbe lady of his choice. Daring a dull half hoar of the honeymoon the bridegroom longs for a whiff of sea air and cashes a 13 mln. time cheque. He la instantly transported b?ck to the P. & O. steamer, where he makes a startling discovery. The cheques are evidently iiot consecutive Peter has, he finds, drawn a 15 mlnates quite at the end of the voyage, and he hasn't tbe ghost of a tiotlon what has gene before Moreover the anfortan&te; man is seated by a charming girl, whose life he fass In some mysterious manner, judging from her conversation, aaved, aod to wbc m, judgtag from her alarmingly affecMotate manner it seems only too probable be, a married man, Is engaged. The 15 minutes elapse ere Tourmalin can disentangle the situation, and the x.ext time cheque he cashes proves to be a quartet of an hoax quite at the be ginning of the voyage. Again Peter bsppens to be seated by Miss Tyrell, bat when he addresses her in the affec tionate terms of their last Interview she tells him she hardly knows him, and Is confounded by bis Impertinence. Now, I think I have told yoa enough to ensure yoar spendlcg a shilling on " Tour malin's Time Cheques." Mi Bertie Mitrord'a "Romance of the Cape Frontier," which was well reviewed when It first appeartd in .three volumes, has been reprinted at 2s. Cd. It baa somehow leaked oat at the clubs tbat Jerome X Jerome, wishing to make Rudyard Kipling's acquaintance, wrote to the Anglo Indian saying, prac tically, he thought two anch geniuses ought to know one another, &«., or (as Arthur Roberts sings) "words to that effect." He fatally misunderstood bis man. Klpli&g; pat the letter in the waste paper basket. I should think he was the last fellow in thu world to stomach miser able stuff like *' 1< Id After Sapper." " ThePhiladelpMan, 11 by that? Admir able OrlchtoD," Air. Louis J. Jennings, M P., is neither a p 11.leal nor an American novel, but a v rptclmen of Mr. Mudle's wares, containing a, blgamons marriage, a mysterious murder, several forgeries, and a suicide. The motive which Inspires the murder will at occe be condemned by the reader as wholly Inadequate Moreover, moat of i tbe characters are very old friends. Still "The Philadelphlan" la tolerably well written on the whole. "The Light That Failed," rewritten and considerably^ enlarged, Is "qnlte another story," the most Important change being In the finale. Malsle does not now { give blind Dick Heldar her love. On the contrary she shows herself an absolutely consistent heartless little minx j coming from Paris to raise his hopes and pity him, and then d?^Mng off In a distracted manner when he shows her the < rained •• Melancholia." Moreover the ' girl never visits him again. Having art- 1 fully led the departing war correspondents to believe he is about to be happily married Dick finds himself left alone to the care of an Ignorant lodging, house keeper. The picture of the awfal soli tnde and misery of the blind man struck down In the full flush of his success la one of the most powerful things Kipling has i done. Dick grows careless, dirty, and slovenly even till he meets Bessie again, atd she out of sheer contemptuous pity takes blm In hand. Suddenly the l>oor fellow Is seized with a wild longing to join his friends In the Soudan. How he doea so wonld take too long to telL Suffice It to aay he arrives just in time for a battle. The shooting has began when Torpenhow finds him. " 'Get down, man! Get down be hind tbe camel!' ' No, pat me, I pray, In the forefront of the battle. 1 Dick raised bis hand to put his sun helmet straight, bat miscalculating the distance knocked It off. Torpenhow saw that his hair was gray on the temples, and that his face was the face of an old man. *Come down, yon damned fool; Dickie, come off.' And Dick came obediently, but as a tree falls, pitching sideways from Ulsharen's saddle at Torpenhow'e feet. His luck had held to the last, even to the crowning mercy of a kindly ballet through his head. Torpenhow knelt under the lea of the camel with Dick's body In Us arms." Mr. Kipling has obviously paid little attention to critical strictures on his ten teooy to coarseness. The newly Inter* polated chapter vllL will make even ardent admirers "squirm." Nevertheless, the book as a whole has been Improved. Jerome's unlucky " Woodbarrow Farm" was taken off at the Vaudeville on Saturday last, and on Wednesday an American piece called " Diamond Deane" replaced it. I have not seen this yet, bat 1 understand the heroine's character Is modelled on that of oar valued mutual acquaintance Mrs. Gordon BaUlte. The new farcical comedy which Mr. Ralph Lumley, author of "Aunt Jack," hes written for his mother-in-law, Mrs Jno. Wood, did not altogether please the audience at the Court Theatre last Satur day evenlcg. The first act of "The | Volcano," as It Is called, went ex ; tremely but the secsnd fell fist, end in the third the hamor became Iso painfully attenuated that when the certain finally fell sundry determined hisses mlDgled with the friendly cries of " author." The Idea of " The Volcano," a newspaper owned secretly by the Dnke of Donoway, is to satirise the "new journalism.*' Mr. Arthur Cecil enacts a mischievous old peer who revels in writing malicious "pars" about his friends In this precious publication, bat "squirms" horribly when libellous gossip aboot him self somehow creeps In. Mrs. Jno. Wood Is an energetic "Amurrlcan" widow, jour nalist), and interviewer, and Mr. Weedon Grossmlth a vacuous lordllng. The piece will not ran long. This evening will see the production of Branson Howard's mining play "The Henrietta" at the Avenne Theatre. It was a success In New York, but that by no means certalnlyensures success here. Miss Getaldine Ulmar, who has made the niSlodloM "Olgale " eneh * ■V* B** "Ul on Monday eeponse one of the oovuposere of that work (and the musical dtracv" of the Lyric Thertre), Iran OarylL IKe wedding takes place at St. Geoigs'a, Hanover rqnare, and is anre to be ■ very amart «sal>. Both pantes ate great favoritee with the profeaelon. The performance of Ibaen'a "Oboata" at Ihe Boyalty hat Friday waa even to admirers of tbe pornographic prophet deadly doll. We went to wonder and to blosb, atd remained to yawn. S-?me tlept peacefully through Mrs Aveltog'a plain-spoken diatrlbea and tbe trails of the diseased yonng man ; otbera giggled. These last excited the wrath ef worship* prrs of the Norwegian Shakeapeare. -'Seme people would Uugh at anything," atiKilly obsfctvedk vlrgla In spectacles. " Quite right; we ought to be bloahlng," re'orted tbe tlttfrtr. Mr. DOf ley Carte has aecnred.for £500 down end £10 each time the opera U piajcd In London, the Er.g!leh rights of "Maine," by M Bemberg, whioh has created a regnlar farore In France. It will rxeceed " Ivanboe." whioh hae now rettUd down to moderately good boalness at the magtilficeat new house In Gam< bridge Clrcoa. Dorlrg bis two montha' tenancy of the Globe Theatre Mr. Norman Forbee lent £10,000. Banning a theatre when things don't pay la expensive. With the Catholmea foot deep In snow, ac latterly aa Thnnday last It waa eoareely ♦ spected there would be fl*t racing at Lincoln on Monday. The mow, however, disappeared aa quickly aa It came down, atd when that dear otd friend of the sporting "liner," the "historic saddling bell," rang In the new season the racing army had assembled In foil foice, and eve rj thing was as It should be. The enquiries which the stewards of the Jockey Glob have Instituted Into the rela tions between certain fashionable jockeys and profeeelonal backers last season have ex.ded very badly lot bath patties. Amongst the former atOl without licenses are Rlckaby, Oalder, ard the brothers Tommy and Sam Lostes. They may, of coarse, got them jet, bat the delay looks ominous. Tommy Loates was earning at least £8.000 a year without betting. One race particularly enquired into by the stewards was the match between Lady Wharles and Ragl autn&e;, at Manchester, last November. Calder rede the mare, who was considered a certainty, 4 to 1 being freely laid on her wlimlng. Strange to tay a certain pro* feselcnal backer selected this crisis to field, and took 800 to 200 Ragtmnnde. He htppeued to be a friend of Calder'e, and when Lady Wharles was badly beaten (t is lengths) it pleased some of the zing to be satirical. Mr. Lowther overheard these remarks and demanded the backer's bettltg • books for the whole season. The Jockey Club stewards are of course ?U powerful over English noecoarses. Neither backer nor layer dare refuse to produce his betting books If called on. To decline would be to court " warning off" Mr. Lowther can put a racing " two-and-twu" together as well as most people, and with the books of certain layers and certain backers, and a racing calendar before him, he formed C3nclaslons likely to result In drastic cleansing measures. More will be known In a week or two. Meanwhile, as I've said, a number of jockeys remain unlicensed to ride, and a cUqoe of profeealosal backers are being cloeeJy watched and may be "warned off' for life any day. Others have been cautioned. The " green jacket and plum cap" of that worthy sportsman Mr. Ablngton were to the fore in the Lincoln Trial Stakes, the first flat race of 1891, the arch deceiver Quartos (ridden by Fred Barrett) over turning an edda on chance In Mr. Sanden* ton's M. MacOregor. Mr. Ablngton elfo won the great race (the Northern Welter) with Despot, and Colonel North's bortf s showid in form. Besides running two seconds the nitrate king carried off a Selllog Plate with Adela (by f*ecro maocer). The chief event of the day wae the Batthyany Plate, of 500 soys, a fire furlong sprint, which usually falls to some exceptionally speedy animal. Tola year Mr. Ablngtoc'e King of Diamonds, and Mr. Combe's Maxim, and Sir. Oonnlng bam'i Moretwttle were most fancied In s. field of 13, the Duke of Portland* party backing Charm (3 yean, G sb. 41b) on the strength of a trial In which the filly tan away from a lot of two-year-olds. Last year Charm (by St. Simon out of Tact) waa supposed to be smart, and ' started a gsod favorite for the Broekleaby Stakes, but neither then nor elder wards did she justify her private reputation. On Monday old Bt. Symphorlen got off with the lead, but soon had to give away to Charm, who brought the field along a rare pace. Nearing home Colonel North* Athol Lass (aged, 7 at. 4 Ib.) on the right and Morebattle on the left made a despe rate effort to reach the duke's filly, bat neither could quite reach her, and the bearer of the popular black jacket and white sleeves eventually won by a length from the nitrate king's representative, with Mr. Cunningham's old horse third. Betting—ls to 2 against Charm, 10 to 1 Athol Lass, and 7 to 1 Morebattle. Since The Bard, Semolina, and Dono van commenced their winning careen in the Broekleaby Stakes Its Importance as a two-year-old straggle has much Increased, and Intending competitors are now closely looked over. There was a capital field last Tuesday, and on the strength of Charova Batthyany Stakes victory Katharine 11, the two year-old which figured best In the abovementloned trial, was well supported. This nice looking daughter of St. Simon and Murnlnn won by a head on the post after ■ good race with Mr. W. J. Legh'a Butterscotch (by Kendal—Sweetness) and Mr. Wallace's Oednla (by Sterling—America). Fourteen ran. Betting—s to 2 the winner, 100 to C Butterscotch, and 100 to 7 Oedala. Twenty-one rnnners started for the Lincolnshire Handicap on Wednesday, the favorites being Mr. Ablngton's Yoatfg (4 yre., 8 at. 1 Ib.), Colonel North's Nun thorpe(s yrs, 8 at.), and Prince Solly toffs Loid George (3 yrs., 8 at). The first named led to the distance, where he compounded and Lord George took np the running with Nunthorpe and last year's winner, The Rejected (aged, 9 at. 71b), aa Immediate attendants and the outsiders Seraphlne II (3 yrs , 6st 2 Ib ) and Detective closing up. Lord George really had the race In hand from this point. He quickly took the measure of Nunthorpe, and eroding to the front won in a canter by three lengths. BeraphlnelL overhauled Colonel North's horse in the last few strides aad beat him half a length for second place Detective was fourth and The Rejected fifth. Betting—lo to 1 Lord George, 33 to 1 Seraphlne, and 13 to 2 Nunthorpe. Prince Soltjkoff throws In for a good stake, and tbe B P. are mostly winners. Kuntiorpe c&me; with a rattle In the betting at the last, the north party back* log It heavily both to win and for a place. Toetlg was one of trainer Morton's " certs," and would no donbt have won at seven farlongs. He looked like sailing home by many lengths when be com pounded. In tbe Lincoln Plate, for two-year-olds, a t?lo£-looklog filly of Lord Dunraven'e called Mockery (by Robert the Devil— Surprise) beat seven others rather easily, and the Welbeck Plate, which Is the only other race at Lincoln I need mention, feu to Colonel North by aid of Old Coin (by Miser—Margery), a muoh improved animal. 