A Card-Playing Ghost. Mr. Walter Besant (in the weekly causerie he contributes to the Manchester Examiner) quotes, under all reserve, the following ghost story cold by a young medico. The incident it records took place at St. Bartholomew's, or perhaps it was Guy's or St. Thomas's. The essential thing is that it took place at an hospital. It was evening, and not late. One of the resident house physicians, a young man, with a friend, also a young medical man, whoBO evidence can be procured to corroborate the story was playing a game of double dummy, with an accompaniment of tobacco and whisky-and-water. The cards of the two dummies were taken up by invisible hands, which arranged them and held them in the usual fan-like form. It was as if the cards were in the air. The two men looked at each other and at this phenomenon with stupefaction. If they had not been men of science they would havo fled, shrieking. Then one of the dummies' hands was sharply wrapped on the table. *' That means play," whispered one of them, and, with a gasp, he led. The play of the invisible dummies was all right. The leading partner took the trick and returned, changing the suit to show the hand she held. I say she, because by this time there were visible the hands and arms that held the cards, but nothing more. One of the players was a woman with bare arms, showing from a sleeve of white lace; her fingers had rings upon them. The other waa a man's with an ordinary coat sleeve and white cuff. The men put down their pipes and removed the whisky-and water to another table. They played the game ia solemn silence. Presently it became apparent that the lady played a masterly game. She held good cards ; so did her partner. They scored in the firsí rub-double, treble, and the rub ; and in the second, treble, single, and the rub. " Never," my narrator told me, " did I play with a finer player. She seemed to know by instinct where every card in the pack was. At the end of'the double rubber the arms disappeared. They went away as they came. I have never seen them since, though I often invited them to oome by dealing the cards on the table. I have often wondered who the lady was : young, as I gathered from the appearance of her arms ; a gentlewoman, as was shown by the taper fingers, and the rings and the lace, and a certain way of carrying her arms. As for her companion, he was comparatively uninteresting. He had chalk stones on his fingers, and he was only a mediocre player. He neglected his partner's lead, he bottled her trumps, and once he threw away the king of trumps, not even trying to save it by an obvious finesse. But the lady-the lady-she, indeed, waB divine ! " 