PORTFOLIO. The Church as a body, the Christian as an individual, the temple of the Holy Ghost, form the subject on which we will meditate now. The practical les sons to be drawn from it are theatmos phere of grace, the comfort of fellowship, the valo? of influence, the presence of Christ. . . . The atmosphere of grace, i.e., the light and comfort and help of the Holy Ghost, fills the cor ridors and passages and assembly-rooms of the church, also penetrates each separate soul, according to the measure with which it opens itself to receiveHis blessing. We may have as much of the presence of the living God as we will. "Open thy mouth wide and I will fill it." But, " no man liveth to himself' in the temple of God. Christians are meant to be means of grace to each other, and too often are not. The value and power of influence who shall measuse ? It is the irresistible, inevitable, continuous, pervasive efflu ence of our own personal character oil those with whom we mix and live. No one knows how nmuch he influences others, they hardly know it themselves; but the influence either heals or poisons, warms or chills, depresses or exhilarates, enfeebles or invigorates. A look, a gesture, a sigh, a movement, or smile, a frown-all tell, all influence. We are alwaysinfluencing someone and someone is always influencing us, and if the Holy Spirt of God has open access to mind and conscience, and heart and will, always, everywhere, our speech is for God, and our activity also; in our body and in our spirit we glorify God, who bought us with a price that we might livetoHispraise. . . . Just so faras we surrender ourselves abso luntely, and constantly, and cheerfully to the control and guidance of the Holy Spirit cf God, just so far does the blessed Saviour consent and become able to be the Lord of our will, the guide of our conscience, the light of our undertsand ing, and the king of our heart, all by the Spirit and all in the Spirit. "If any man bath not the Spirit of Christ, lie is none of His." Because ve are sons, God hath sent forth the Spirit of His Son into your hearts, crying "Abba, Father."-Jishlop of Winchleter. 