Wit nml Whio*. Everyone is vreary—the poor in seeking, the rich in keoping, and the good in learning. To lament tho past continuously is rather a hindrance than a help to bettering the future. Hope is like the sun, 'which, aa vr-> journay towards it, casts the she dew of our burden behind us. We m»y shut our eyes to a painful truth ; but w» don't shut our oars— if it’s about somebody olse. There is a transcendent power in example. We reform others uucon* ■ci (empathically) : “ Always, when I Ancient fomale (trying to bo sweet to a great football player) : “ And do yon often break your neck at football ?" Kind words coat only a little thoaght, a little Self-control, a little effort; but their fruits are manifold and weighty. Tiie grand end of human life is to cultiTuto an intercourse with that Being to whom we owe life and all its enjoyments. A little boy remarked, “ I like grandpa because he is such a gentlemanly man; he always tell me to help myself to sugar.” So who nover sacrifices a present to a future good or a general one can spoak of happiness only as the blind apeak of color. The coming woman will not marry until she is able to support a hus band in tho style sho has been accustomed to at home. Doctor: “ Have you taken any remedy for this trouble ?” Patient . “ No, doctor, I haTe not, but I have taken a power of medicine.” Anybody that knows a thing before it happens is called a re porter,” was tho definition on the slate of an eight year old school boy. Mabel (confidentially): ‘‘I was strnck on you once. Jack.” Jack (gratified) : “ Whcu was that ?” Mabel: “ Before I knew yon." Sunday-school Teacher: 11 Lovo thy neighbor a» thyself. Who is * thy neighborLittle girl: 41 Please, ma'am, the folks as bor row from us." “ Sea-sickness,” says a modern wit, “ is like a belief in ghosts ; no one will admit that it troubles him, bu' -v-eryone has misgivings on the subject." Tho vnlue oi labor as a tonic is theoretical. Work to do and tho will to do it well arc as certain to indue:-cheerfulness and contentment ■ a* idVtr-s* or mere d-snUoT occn pation is likely to bring langour, irritability, and fancied ailments. A new craze is that of testing the char; eJor by the shape i f the feet. Small fat feet mean that their owners are qnick, energetic, and given to flirtation. A long, narrow foci indicates m3tbetictendeucies and ■ a reserved disposition. Tho proper thing to do is to have a plaster cast | taken of your foot, and a chiropodist i can then tell you every thing about yourself. Large, well-formed feet indioato liroodth of mind and firm ness ot purpose. Broad-soled feet show a mean, grasping disposition ; a high in.-tep, a nervous passionnte nature; and a well-formed, neat little ankle, self consciousness and ously when we wait uprigouy. Quizz (fishing for sympathy) : Do u suffer with neuralgia? Fiz 