A STAGE GHOST. ° In the course of thirty years' experence as an actor and manager in the provinces, I hare r had some curious adventures, but never one t so utterly beyond my powers of comprehien. eion as an occurrence which took place at the r Theatre-Royal, Woolford, just before Chr-t mas 1372. I have often related the details F of this matter to my friends, and it was 1 talkedof freely at the time. Of course, every t man who heard it had a theory of his own wherewith to account for the incident which I could not possibly account for : neverthe less, none of these theories ever satisfied me, and I am as much mystified to-day about that strange affair as I was the day it happened, now eighteen years ago. Woolford, as most people-at least people of my profession-are aware, is one of the most unportant theatrical towns in England, and its Theatre-Royal is visited week after week by the leading touring companies. Sighteen years ago, however, it was the b haitof some companies to remain in a large town for more than a week, and it was in t accordancc with this practice that the com pany f which I was a member stayed at SWoolford for the three weeks preceding Christmas 182. We were a strong corn. n bination, and during our stay in the place I. gained much applause for our presentation of S fhakeapearean plays, a selection of which we put forward wilh eaceptionally good mount. lug and accessories. There were three persons in our company who excited my interest in an annusal decree. o The frlt was our leading lady, Mis IHelen I, Lattimer, a very hanieome clever woman, n who was as charming off the stage as on it She was a good deal above the crdirary run w of actresses, and looked n.pn her work with 0 that fine enthusiasm which always tents to success. It was agreatthin forherchrnce, in the profession that she had been enception ally well educated, and was thus able to give effect to passages in the great drmrteis:'s u works wh-lh an ordinary mind would have is found i: diflicult to understand. She worked very hard, and devoted several har a day to d study, with the result thl: when she repre sented one of her favoua?te characters you quite forgot Misc Helen Littimer, and I thought only of Juliet or DIisdemona or I Perdita, as the e might be. 3MisoLattimer, I in fa:t, Lad already achieved the great dis tinetionoisubmering herself inthecharater which sa6 e engagel to present. The scond person who attracted my notice was our lcaingr tragedisn, Mr k'wald Borille. e had came into the company o urder somewhat myatericus circanmtances. None of us knew him as an actor; he had Scertainly not gone through the mill, as most of us a1:?: and yet he proved himself very 0 speedily a most finiLhed artist, and rapidly Sro-o from a minor position to the one he occupied at Woolford. Our manager, if he knew anything of bIoille's history, csreululy refrained from sharing the knowledge with nu, and we therefo:e invented a story for ourselves to the efect that Borille was a peer e in disguie wdo was actin; for amusement. That he was a gentleman we had no doubt. lI had all the manners and tone of the I s:ciety which we r:sually call aritto:ratie, and it was pal-ably evident that he had been edu:ated as only public-schooland university men are. IIe was always kind and sociable with the rest of us; but we knew wall enough that he was notof us, and that under other conditions we should not have had r intimate relations with him. Boville was a tall handsome man of 9S or 1 0o, and I often thought that he and Miss I Lttimer made a vcry fine couple. After he joined the company, Miss Ittimer and he struc up a friendahipwhichnodobtseemed to some of us likely to develop into affection. They were a great deal together, and they spent hours on the stage rehearsing scenes from famous plays, just for the love of the thing, I think. But in spite of all this, I never saw anything which led me to suppose Boville to be in love with Miss Lattuner. He was always as respectful to her,, in a formal and somewhat half-distant fashion, as he was to the other ladies, who, I believe, were half afraid of his "awell" manners. There was one person, however, who thought that Boville was making love to Miss Lattimer, and that was the third of _he three persons who had excited my intsrest. Until Boville's sudden adrnt and rapid rise amongst us, Mr. Chales Melfordhad always Sbeen regarded as our most promising man. Ile had a long experience, came of a family of actors, and might be said to lare been born on the stage. It was only natural that he should very much resent the way in which our manger pasedBoville over his head, and he did not hesitate to express his resent. meat, and to throw out hints about amateurs and tastruck swells, and soon. To this, however, no one raid mch attention, for Boille was undoubtedly a. very fine and capable ator, and well worthy the esteem in which oar managr helld him. I had tftcn thought that Meaford was in love with Miss Inttimer. I had seen him watching her with an expreasionin his face whleh 1 dd not like; I Id see him try to Irin sr?eeh of her and fail, at whleh times the look culd turn to one ohf asted anger. Heiras not a bad fellow when you came to know him; bat his dark, somewhat sulln eonntenance did not insire sany onre with feelings of liking. Thin, too, he wasrmoody and taciturn, and sometimes had ugly fits, in which it was almost dangerous to speak to him. I belies, that old S'mpson, car manager, would have got rid of him but for the fact that 3elfol was a thoroughly tranled actor, and a very useful man in a travelitni cempany. It wasm the fist week in December when we opened at Woolford, and we were to remain therentil the iOth, when the theatre woud be cloed for a few days to allow of preparations being made for the aEnnul pantonime. Durisng the two or three eeks preceain? on?rxniv alat Woolfotrd, matters seemed to have growm nry strange tetween Borille and iMelford, and morn especially between Melford and M iss Lattimer. On more than one ocesion I happened to come acros Mir Lattincr and. ilelford talking together, and I fancied each time that she wa in tesr, while I was quite certain that he was speaking angrily a~nd with a sort of peremptoriess that he had ao right to asaume. Two dare after our arrival at W\ooford I oterhasrd there two salking in ?one of the dressing.rooms, and caught the final words which wore pkenby M3elford. SI shall stand it no lounger: 'll give you twernty-four bours, and if yon-don't speak then, I shall I'" Then he went aphruply away, and very so on afterrards I saw Miss Lattimerleave the theatre: and though she hi a thick veil, on, it wos evident to me that she had be shelin;g tears. I wondered what it was that 3I1e!ford wisahedal her to speak ambout, bat tnslly decided that it was nothing more than eorie .?rance in relation to Lusinesa matters, of witi h leIord, being a peerish man, elways had a stoek. And yet that hardly a:coutred for Mois Lattimur' s teirs. flow eve-, it was no bu'iness of mine, and I tried to di:io, It from my thucnghte. Our play that night was"Rmeom and Juliet, with Miss Lattimir and Boviie as thE t? o ill-fatd lovers, nrA oelford in the paa of Tyalt. The oces.ion was somewhat out ci the erdintr, for the lIayor and Alde:mrn c-f W,'rlford hld given their pstro:a--a -nl were to he preeeat in faull fo'e. WLn tEL curtain went up there was lardh" son.0inr.-:-m in the more popular par: o ofth, o o' w: and b the time we had redoL tee h.cI-scere, and Romeo eaw Jurlit f' r lse ftr.t timce, there was not a icat to [o : in scal,! ' r torees, for love or It ,:sm- to re tchat Ieorlle was eome w?-a ari:t- dtat niElht. I haE seen him erly In t, cc-nrm in conorsation with 3Ii - L a:::r:t:b.' win:s. They were not lora te - r ter: but 'doi 'or I sn. toem, and a force :~k caoa- over Lis face. lie went awa?r, n:uttr:- ta in.-etif, and I th..c:h Sthat' 0o ihct!c- have trc-ale cri aon. Iitole tli I gue-c how it -aO to r me. We re-ch0c the o,0re where Tvb!at. re tuerinc to tLe -ace, i, c::t: anij elin byr eroveo. I stho! at tre wri?or watchint, ot:hrr - thre m;al. in i.in. csr r, . Tvbal: ru~tcd c=, al was mEc by Rimovom. I s'artId ta sei h)w rcal ts tthina: lothl. i Both men, lorii!e and 2lelford, gsnred at each otter as if tihequrrol lsl 0-ee-u a real one aifeetino thPbselva . The duel corm uceacd, the fa9cag was superb, fcr: Loth men-were accmplithed sworuds.men. .Onet the men standing by my side remarked how like a real fiht it was. Suddenly, as in the stage directiona, Romeo ran Tybalt through the heart, and the latter with one glare round, dropped. Boville stood motionless for a s,:ond, gatin: at his prostrate foe. A long sirL ,roke upcn the crowded house, And then all of a csddes, one of the girls standing at the wings rhrikked aloud and pointed to a stain that wai rapidly crinson ing the oards. The duel had been no acting; it wao real, and Melford lay there dead! I have only a confused recollection of what followed. There was no more acting that night, and the streets were soon fall of a crowd talking of the awful mischane that had just taken place at the Theatre-Royal. For mischacce it could be, and nothing else. By some dire mistake, Borille had sed a buttonles rapier. At the eracial moment, he said.Melford slipped, and the weapon, in teud of pailing letwoen body and arm, had pent sat'd his heart. Of course there was an inquiry and an inquest and so on; but everybody seemed agreed that the whole thing was a terrible axident, and no blame was attached to BcTille. Mlelford was interred, and in a day or two the matter was treated like the pro rerbialnion dys'wcnder. ButBoville wet about lookong vry pale and haggard-a great contrast to YM.s Lattimer, who some how seemed to have recotered her spirits, For a weer ifter the accident the theatre wai clo?ed and when we re-opened, Borille's naMn- was not on the bil, the manaper con siderinz it a.!visable that he should not appear or a while. COsequently the duties of lea licn man derolved on me, and hard work I tad dusiuz the next fortnight. However, I acquitted amyelf so much to the satisfac';cn of old Simps?n that he set apart the la,t night of our stay at Wcolford for my benefit. Now, I had always a desire to play R3mes, and I was all the more anxious to appear in tLat character on my benefit night beciaus Misi Lattimer was an incomparable Juliet. I talked the matter over with Simp son. We were both dubious about the pro priet oi producing the play again 1o smn after the fatal accidaet; but we filly decided upon doing Fo, and the bills were t out. I was anxious that Borille should trp port me, and prevaied upon him to take the partof Tybalt. Heaivered slightlywhen I named theparttohim, butf illeoensentna t condition that an asuomed nsme ahould go down on thebills. The night came; I hd afnll house and a splendid eeption, snd Mis Lattimer 'wIrsi magniSrentform The early scenes went off adirbly, andafter the baloony sene I felt o lted with my own succss as to have T?ori of a great caner in the metropolis. Borille, on the other hand,'w aglcom spd under a clod. " Tom," h d aid, eomingto me at the wig, "something is goingto happen to me to niglt. . . ' I looked at him in amzement Be ihcok hi head. "Somethin wll happen to me to night," he repettd. "Inowit. Ifeel," he said in a lower voice, and looing round him,-"Ifeel that something is haunting me." 'I Konsense!" I aswered. "Yo're out of sorts, Borille. The Christmu jollities will put you all rfhtL" SYou'll tee," he said, andtnrne away. SThe sxee son came where I, u Romeo, encounter the fiery:Tybalt and ay him. As I tood awaiting Balle's approach. I soddenly became aware of a strange co!dness that seemed to spead Ituf all r?cd me. The words,. 'cBre oems the e t Tryllt hek aga.' fell on my an unheeded. I taw Bolle adTancin. And then-I felt a cold toh on my hand, and a wiele- Melford's roice -whisper: "Notyon, Tom." Ifeltmayself held as in a Tice, ad saw another P.ome glide pt me sword in band. I caught a glimps of hisface- heavens I itwasMelford. came back. I heard the npiers clash to gether and stood spell-bound. I heard a oicecbehnlnme whisper: " Go on, Tom-go on," and. aver moved. I was watching scmething that no one in that houe saw except mryel. There thy stood, the liing man.orille, sad the ghot elford, fighting. Suddenly, Melford's rapier went home, nd Borill fel. I fainted and dropped on the When I came roand. it was to hear of a tragedy. They said that Borille advanced upoa te stage, and that I, for some un acoontabse reason, toodtillasif transfixed. Borille's face suddenly assumd a borror Stricken exresion; he threw up his urm and dropptd-dead. Heart-dease the doetctrs d. I told my tory afterarda,: and gPt laughed at. But watever the truth of the matter may be, and whatecr was the nature of that trange secret shared by Mis Latid mer and the two men. I know beyond quetion that my place as Romeo was asumed for a minute by te piritof Charles Ifelford in order that e might wreak his vengeance on the man who ad munrdered bimrthree weeks befor- Cia!Sr'JsuAsml. 