The Rowdy Flat Ghost. (By a Fairy.) So Rowdy Flat is haunted by the spirits of the long departed. There has for years been superstitious stories of strange sights, unearthly noises, in the locality of the reser- voir, for was it not near here in bygone days where many a miner had found a premature grave, owing to their being entombed whilst working the treacherous ground. For a long period the hitherto rest- less spirits have been silent, but their anger has either been revived at the prospect of their peace being once more disturbed by human habitations, or they feel the continual working of the Rowdy Jane a jar upon their solitude. It has been whispered that the Rowdy Jane would never be lucky, because of the nightly visitation of the ghosts. The numer- ous breakages were of course the doings of spirits who felt a desire to be once more seeking for gold — and who lost their life in the search for the preecious metal. On the other hand it is averred that if the company pursue their present plan of operations and work the bed of the creek, the bones of many an unfortunate miner must bow to the suction of that enormous pump. No wonder then that all the ghosts of Rowdy Flat should put their skulls together and devise some plan of thwarting the project. Evidently the frequent breakages to the engine and pumps were unavailing, for money is all-powerful in this world, and at last a pump too strong to yield to the wishes of the ghosts has been set to work. So successfully is it working that it is no longer doubtful that the bed of the creek will gradually pass through this scientific wonder. The spirits, therefore, find their only modus operandi is to wreak their vengeance upon the mortal men who ply their daily toil at this claim. Of course ghosts never operate in the day, preferring the darkness of night. The campaign between the dead and living of Rowdy Flat commenced one night last week. One of the men went up to the reservoir on a dark night for the purpose of turning more water into the pipes. Behold his astonishment on being confronted with a white and ghostly object, about 10 ft. high (one of the old Rowdy Flat giants). This apparition came so suddenly that the miner had not time to fly before an unearthly noise was made by the demon, who wielded a huge 'shillelah' and brought the weight of it around the legs of the being of this world. This attack was accepted like ' Paddy's hint', and said miner took to his heels and beat the record for a short run, heedless of ruts, stones, holes, or anything else. The sudden return of a comrade, at lightning speed, with a voice as of thunder, attracted the attention of the men at the mine, who after hearing the wonderful story were awfully impressed with the harrow- ing scene described ; and now it is a great task to get even two men to visit the reservoir at night. The said miner feels he has had a narrow escape, and no amount of persuasion will induce him to again visit this lo- cality after daylight has disappeared. The discovery of a cure for both typhoid and diphtheria is claimed to have been made by Dr. O'Hara, of Collins-street, after experiment with M. de Bavay, the bacteriologist. During an operation on a patient Dr. O'Hara was struck by the antiseptic qualities of a flow of chyle from the thoracic duct, and following np his observations he induced M. de Bavay to experiment with this organism with a view to ^discover whether it was antagonistic to typhoid germs; This - fact] having been proved by experiment, the new bacillus was afterwards administered to patients suffering from both typhoid and diphtheria, in each case, Dr. O'Hara claims, with wonderful effect. It iscste.ted Jtha% the remedy cari be ' produced' -^heaplyv 1 airid' in unlimited quantities, ! and \ farther fexperiinents' withi it as -a germ de- j stroyer are now in pfcogrfes. 1 