Our Melbourne Letter. ? :u. ? (Prom Our Own Correspondent.) The mistake that is made by pay ing members of Parliament iot. their services becomes apparent Vjaqw1 and again. The payment syKtem' is re sponsible for the existence df the \- ' Professional Politician,' who,1 not infrequently makes politics a trade after he has failed in every other calling. In America the political , business has been brought to a high state of perfection. The rate of pay J is about the same as ours, but the ad- j vantages of the position are greater. Thus , I have heard of a man -who j 'was returned for a rural district. He bad a ' nominal' lodging over a barber's shop ; that is to. say his letters weie addressed there. He also, for a trifling consideration, Was allowed to store a shabby portman teau, dress himself and change his ' linen upon the same premises. He took has meals at a cheap eating house, and, instead of a bed, he slept npon his ' Railway Pass,' and slept very rwell too. ' In this way : — W hen released from his public duties he would saunter tcr the railway station, enter the sleeping-car of a train about to travel a certain distance, and sleep. He would then return in another train and have another sleep. Then the barber's shop and the eating-house set him up for the day. We are not so bad as that in Vic toria, but still, the monthly cheque of £25 is a bait, attractive enough to induce many men to eschew bard ?work, and live upon the contribu tions of tax payers without contribut ing in return the value of a single farthing in legislative ability. Electors should look to this, and when called upon to return members to the next parliament, should look more to performances than to pro mises. Even amongst the men who be long to a higher grade in the profes sion of politics, and who are not inde pendent for subsistence upon the monthly stipend, a strict watch should 'be kept ; for it is clear that self-interest, or an ambition that has nothing to do with patriotism, may may sometimes lead them, astray. However are we to account for the line of aotion that Mr Deakin has pursued during the past week ? Clearly, his votes and his speeches | were intended for effect outside, and not inside the House. The subject under discussion was Federation, but j the question too palpably present to the ex-chief Secretary's mind was the probable state of parties at the polling-booths sometime next year. The Hon. gentleman is keeping his weather eye open, and is calculating, his chances of snatching a premier's portfolio out of the general scramble for power, pay and patronage. His late colleague has not the ghost of a chance, and he knows it. The present head of the government, is doing nothing to justify his being sent back from the 'country at the head of a strong party. And there are the possibilities of the labour vote to be reckoned with. These factors have not escaped Mr Deakin' s atten tion. His late speech in the House is not to be taken too seriously. He ?was not talking to the Hon. members but to the people outside. He wants -votes, and to obtain them, and a following, he is willing to relegate Federation, and all the benefits it ?would confer, to the nether regions if necessary. Alfred should be looked after. He is too flighty for a Premier. Spiritualism is more in his line. To the student of human nature the proceedings of the Marine Roard are full of genuine interest as well as endless entertainment, for we have aheady pronounced this body, when in meeting assembled, one of the best variety shows going. On Fri dav. Gaunson made a long speech full of virtue and fair play, and con cluded by assuring his brother mem- I bers that until they excluded the] Press from their meetings (with all ; due deference to the gentlemen j present), tbe work of the Board would never be properly conducted, j Quite a chorus of '4 Hear, hears' j greeted the remark, even the gentle Reid goiner so far as to say Amen' to the Gaunsonian prayer. Later on something else was under considera tion when it was proposed the matter should be considered in private. The j verv suggestion of closed doors aud a I muzzled Press brought H. R. Reid to bi6 feet at once to assure the Aieeting that he would not be a party to any such contract. Gaunson virtuously condemned the practice of making speeches for the reporters, a senti ment heartily re-echoed by his brother members, who were de- ! lighted to find that David's conscience j was beginning to trouble him. Jfo man speaks more persistently in the gallery than Gaunson himself. When tbe Attorney-General took I his seat in the House the other after- ? noon a letter was placed in his hands and his brow furrowed visibly on reading it. The handwriting was that of Marshall Lyle, who had of late been familiar to the political head of the law department. — I beg to remind you that under present circumstances I am running my business more as a charitable institu tion than as a source of profit.' This was how it- opened, and there ?was a ring of pathos; in the thing that wrung Shiels's heart, if a law yer with a reputation for divorce bills can be said to be possessed of any heart to speak of. Lyle's tale was extremely pitiful. First he spoke of Twist. He had spent £75 in solid law in defending that alleged iire raiser, but all he had received in: return was abuse and the offer of a fee of seven guineas. Hef had . de fended Colston as no murderer had ever before been defended. The job cost him a clear £50 out ot his ? own pocket, yet all the department would allow him was less than a tenth of the amount. Both he metaphorically \ fl / I flung in the teeth of the Attorney General. He was resolved that it should never be said of him he had ? defended ^- life for sevenguineas. It is a true saying that misfortunes ; never come singly.' ' The disappear- I ance of the Taramnng a few weeks ago, the Floods, and some minor misfortunes, have wrought much misery ard have called for the exercise of the charitable feelings of the community ; and now we - have the Gram bier disaster. It is not, however, the question of money that will occupy the thoughts of people, but the fearful loss, of life that has occurred. And, as far as can be seen, from causes that were preventable. There was no reason in the world why the Easbey and the Gambier . should have come into collision. It was a fine, clear, starlit nierht. The sea was smooth. A good look-out was kept on board both vessels. The respective captains were on deck, and they saw each other's ships a long way off, aud had ample time to keep well clear of each other. The ' rule of the road' is very clear ly defined in such cases, and each one knew exactly what he had. to do. The Gambier was steered in accord ance with instructions made and provided in such cases ; the Easby was not. As a consequence the vessels collided, and the Gambier sunk. The Easby did not observe the rule of the road, because her captain says, he thought the Gambier would keep on the ' wrong side,' having plenty of room. All this only shows the danger of trying to decide what another man may be thinking especially when you surmise that he may do what is wrong when the path of duty lies marked out straight before him. It is acknowledged on all hands that the Gambier had her helm ported when the ships struck and for sometime before that happened ; and it is not denied that the Easby had not observed the same rule. But, after all, it will be for the Court to decide which vessel, in the cir cumstances was wrong. Did the Gambier keep on the Queenscliff side longer than was necessary, before porting her helm so as to pass the Easby on the port side ? That will be an important question because, as j the master of the Easby seems to argue, the Gambier kept so long on that side that he was taken by sur prise when the helm of the latter j ship was shifted. ! All these are questions which will have to be threshed out. B't all the arguments in the world will not bring the dead to life again. The | blame will have to be sheeted home j to some one, and the guilty party should be severely punished. A man's folly, or ignorance may cause j the loss of a ship, which means money ; but when he risks the lives of people as well — and loses them — the case assumes another aspect altogether. 