AN UP TO DATE GHOST STORY, EXTRAORDINARY EXPERIENCE NEAR LIVERPOOL. “Having been concerned in a most remark aide and altogether inexplicable adventure the other evening, which happened to me in Thomas Lane, Knotty Ash, I have been in- ducied,at jthe earnest solicitation of many friends, to communicate tlio following par ticulars of ; the same to‘the Ljrerpool public, as being of more than ordinary interest.” So writes n correspondent of the Uvorpocl Post. I was proceeding leisurely on foot to Rroadgrecn, ho proceeds, when, oh passing the church at Knotty Ash, my attention was suddenly arrested by the strange and uncanny appearance of its graveyards. The . time would then bo shortly after midnight. The whole ‘burying ground seemed alive ■ and glistening with a thousand small hluchh lights, which appeared to creep in and oilfc ; of the different graves os if the departed spirits' were taking a midnight ramble. I stood petrified, not knowing what to make of it, nt tho same time experiencing a fooling of horror which suddenly look complete posses sion of me. Just at this moment tho moon, which had hitherto been more or less ob scured by a. moving* panorama of ‘passing clouds, came os it would seem to my assist ance,*- giving mo for a very short time the benefit of lior companionship. And now ap peared the most startling phenomenon of all —a phenomenon which ca\iscd my hair to stand on end with fright, a cold numbness of, horror paralysing mo in every limbj for, ad vancing up tho road directly opposite to mo came a funeral train, the coffin borne along with measured tread, covered with an im mense black pall, which fluttered up in the midnight win. At first I thought I must surely bo dream-, iug, and therefore pinched myself' in th6 arm' to ascertain if this were 'really tho cose.' Rut no, I certainly was not, for 1 distinctly felt tho nip, and was therefore satisfied as to my wakefulness. “What could it moan?” I asked myself, os the ootUigia groduolly , <>KT. preached me, and I.began to distinguish'the general outlines of tho bearers. These ap peared to bp elderly men, and to have lived in a bygone age. All wprb dressed jn the costume of the latter part of “tho eighteenth century. They word tic wigs, and some Imu swords, os well ns walking-sticks mounted with- death’s heads. I observed only one really young man among tho crowd of fol lowers, walking just behind jtlio coffin. His 3 youth, in comparison with 1 tho others, per haps made,mo take especial notice of him: Ho was dressed in what appeared to ho black velvet, tho whiteness of his vuflles, standing out in marked contrast to the sombre nature of his general attire. He carried a sword, had' diamond buckles in his, shoes, and wore'"his powdered ip n 3 none. Tho face of this young inan \yos cathly pale, as wore olso the faces of al) the others' accompanying him. . Instead of; ilie procession advancing tojthe gate at which ! sided, it turned suddenly and (piloted the burial-ground by.the .ope situated - at' a fpw yards distance. As" the coffin was borne through this gale, all the blue spirit lights seemed to rise from'the grave as if to uleol the cortege for lho parpOHC of escorting the body ‘"to* Its last resting-place These awful lights added considerably ;U>,:tho ghastliness of the scene as they floated over tho coffin and heads of. tho mourners. Slowly the pro cession glided up the pathway, passing |l]b main entrance of tho church,’ and continuing its way in a straight lino, finally disappeared at the buck of the edifice. Where ; Hits' : most extraordinary funeral wont to or whn{. became of it il cannot toll ; but tills .much 1 distinctly,aver, that coffin,- mourners, and lights—oven the.pole flickering moonlight—all disappeared os mysteriously as they came, leaving nib ,standing in darkness, transfixed with astonishment and fright Upon gathering together mys'omb whot scattered senses, I took to my heels aiid never stopped running till l _fouud myself j safe in my own house. In fact; 1 scarcely-, remember how I gob home. Aftbr recovering a little from tho shock, I immediately drouscu a female relative who bad retired for, the; 1 nod related to her the above par-l: licjulnrs. She assured mo that I must havC been suffering from menial hallucination, but, seeing- the great perturbation of ' my mind; and at 'the same time "knowing ray, natural scepticism with regard to all so-called supernatural- -phenomena, she canio '~tlib' conclusion that, after all, I might possibly have soon what has- ikon* described'above. The* next "day" I made inquiries at the, neighborhood of Knotty Ash, apd ascertained from a very old woman thgt sho. .remembered a story in her youth haying reference .to the mysterious and sudden death of an- old occu pant of Thihgwall Hall, who was hastily-and' quietly, buried, sho thought, at . midpiglit, m: the old Knotty Ash churchyard., If so,, w’as this a ghastly repetition of tho eveht got up for-my especial benefit, or was it tt portent intended to-foreshadow tho coming, of tho Dread Visitor to myself? Now, as I have before stated, I am no believer in .ghosts, .but certainly this very remarkable, experience of mine has'-entirely upset all-my, previously r conbcivod notions of tho leaving me. In ii quandary of doubt."’On the bvbriing upon which I saw the mysterious at Knotty Ash, 1 Xvas exceedingly wideawake » had 1 met several cyclists oh tlip Prescott rpad, ; with whom - 1 -hid conversed, drid hbd. wise refreshed at the p'uhlic drinking, fountain placed at tho top of Thomas Lane. Strange that a few hundred yards, further, down tlio road-I should encounter so,ghostly an experience—an experience I shall never forgot to my dying day.. '• / 