WHAT IS IT? THE INFLUENCE THAT SOMETIMES GUIDES US AGAINST OUR WILL. " No, I do no 4 , believe in ghosts," said an old lady of great experience, but I do believe the ministration of spirits." This is not the age nor the country in which the supernatural flourishes. Interest centres about the practical. Haunted houses are rented without great difficulty, if the landlord is willing to knock off a portion of tht rent. There are many, however, who will admit the exertion at times of some peculiar influence swaying our actions. We are led to do things we should not do of our own volition—the wisdom of which we do not appreciate until afterwards, then we wonder how we came to do them. We are forced to learn that worldly wisdom is not always that which guides into the wisest courses. In this practical age results are what people are looking after. They believe in what they see : the " evidence ct things not seen" is to toe weighed in the future. When a man is tick, he wants to get well; he cares little what medical method is employed if it cures. But if it does not cure he soon begins to doubt the skill of the physician, and inquire into his methods of medication. A happy thing it is sometin4efc if some influence induces investigation before it is too late. Mr. E. W. Kdinonasou, of Melbourne, writes, 21st October, 1S90:—"Duringtbe past sixteen years I have been ailingperiodically from a serious affection of the kidneys, and in latter years my complaint became more acute, so that I was frequently seized with stabbing pains in the back. I had often prolonged headaches, the result of liver disorder. For years £ thus suffered, and I! thought this disorder of the kidneys and liver would bring about a more serious disease. Finally I tried the effects of Warner's site cure, and not until then did I experience any ameloration in i&y; condition. The use of this medicine speedily wrought a ereat change and four bottles effected a complete cure." Notewhat Mr. Henry Warwick, of Lonsdale street,: Melbourne, says:—"30th Octowa-, 1890.—For some years I have beeu suffering from frequent attacks of gravel, often with unbearable painsin the back and right side, aad my digestive organs were also out of order. In addition I was afflicted. with congestion cf the liver and. periodical headaches of a severe nature. ?.'y suffering was quickly removed when resorfe'ngto Warnfi's safe cure, of whiih I took four bottles, when the acute pains in the right side, caused by the congestion of the Hver, ceased, while my kidneys were restored to healthy ac^on." 