INDUSTBIAL EXHIBITION. OPENING DAY. Patron, His Excellency the Governor (the Earl of Kintore); President, Mr. J. J. Green; "vice-president, Mr. James Duncan; com mittee, Messrs, A. Adamson, J. Anderson, W. Burford, C. Clark, A. W. Dobbie, W. W. Forwood, L. Grayson, M.P., T. Hack, MP., T. Hardy, L. P. Lawrence, G. Marks, and G. Stacfe; Mr. W. Clark, secretary. ' The Industrial Exhibition, which was opened by the Acting-Governor last night, was organised to illustrate the industries "id manufactures of the colony as a whole, life especially to display the independent work manship of our artisans, mechanics, women, and youths, and to give them an opportunity of showing inventive talent. The prospectus states that "the chamber, with a view to encourage native industries, has set apart a sum of £200 to be given in prizes to artisans and others for exhibits of their own workman ship in the groups set forth in the accom panying schedule. In addition to the above^ manufacturers of the colony and others have contributed upwards of £100 towards a special prize fund. The secretary will be pleased to receive further contributions to this fund. la awarding these_ prizes the judges shall con sider the originality, invention, discovery, utility, quality, skni, workmanship, adapta tion to public wants, and economy of tie various exhibits. The apportionment of the prize money will be left with the chamber and the judges, and will be awarded for the ex hibits considered most worthy. An accom panying certificate of merit will be given with each money prize. Exhibits of much merit not obtaining a moneyprize may be awarded a certificate of merit. The exhibition will be in three separate divisions: - Division L For men over 21 years. Division II. Eor women over 18 years. Division m. For youths: (a) males under 21 years; (b) females under 18 years. Exhibitors must be residents of South Australia." In order to give every encouragement manu facturers are charged nothing for space'or entrance, but they are excluded from the coin . petitive section. The committee have worked indefatigably during the last few weeks, and 1 their secretary,_ Mr. Clark, has. been as hard worked as exhibition secretaries always are. Tte callB upon his energy and good nature on the opening day were taxed to the utmost. Meetings to promote interest in the exhibition have been held at Port Adelaide, Hindmarah, Norwood, Unley, Kapunda, Gawler,. Kadina, and Moonta. The number of exhibits will be somewhat over 1,000, and they have nearly all arrived. IIAIN HALL-WESTERN SIDE. On the western side of the main hall [the visitor comes upon Mr. T. S. Reed's exhibition of artistic furniture. Eor some time past it has been a labor of love for him to follow in the footsteps of Miss Catherine Thompson and Mrs. Panton, of London, in introducing fine i art into a subject originally so prosaic aa furni ture. On every side instances of his success are visible, and it is gratifying to know that i patrons have not been lacking among the . wealthy people both of South Australia and the adjoining colonies. The tasteful objects are too i numerous to mention, but prominent among : them are two lady's escritoires with writing flaps covered with heliotrope velvet; an early English cabinet, cream enamelled, and panelled with pretty watercolors; a square cabinet of stained walnut, with fretwork com partment a and door panelled with, watercolors ; a drawing-room screen of Tasmanian oak, with, compartments of pale blue silk and gold bro cade ; a tea-screen of blackwood,. with gothio fretwork and terra- cotta "silk mountings adorned with French etchings. As will be seen from the above Austrahan woods have been employed in many instances, one very ( pretty sample being three teatables in ; blackwood, after Lady Eantore's design. There are towel-screens of a type very fashion able in England just now, cream enamelled, | draped with muslin, and provided with brass ; rods, which enable the towels to be hung out of i sight. A novel and pretty idea is a case for , bric-a-brac upon the wall, with a gotliic-tiled , roof, and the same remark applies to the i narrow hall brackets and shelves in blackwood mounted with photos, of statuary in one case, , and in the other with nine autotypes of Sir Joshua Reynold's series of "Beautiful Women " in. sepia. The afternoon tea- screens are provided with little shelves on which the ladies can rest their teacups. Mr. Wivell's art gallery is well represented by a number of oil and water colors on the western wall, many of them by painters of note. Several deal with Australian scenery, and are from the brush of Australian artists. . One of the most interesting and certainly the most fragrant of the trophies is that of the Flower Farm Company, of Rosewood, near Cralers. The history of this enterprise teaches the lesson of how by a little energy and enter prise it is possible to raise up new and success ful industries for which the climate of South Australia is admirably suited. Mr. D. M. Renaud, who is native of Mauritius, has been for a long time desirous of establishing a- flower farm here and extracting perfumes, and he was fortunate in obtaining the assistance of the late Mr. Jas. Cowan, a short time before that public-spirited citizen met-with an untimely end. The trophy with its rows of attractive scent bottles appropriately surmounted by the figures of Cupid and Psyche embracing speaks for itself of the work which has been doneboth at the farm and the laboratory of Rosewood under the energetic management of Mr. Renaud. The enterprise was_ only started two years ago, and the distillation of the perfumes was begun this summer for the first time. The company has about 4 acres of roses, five or six thousand bulbs of tuberose, and about half anacre of violets, English lilac, geranium, and lavender. Mr. Renaud's experience in the flower farms of Southern France has been invaluable in his work, and he speaks enthusiastically of the future of ccentmaking in such a climate as we have iix the hills. The essences are now find ing ready sale in the city, and_ it is intended to push the business into t«e other colonies and into India and Mauritius. The labels on the bottles are very tastefully designed, and the inscriptions are for the most part in French, a language so long associated with the manufac ture and sale of perfumery. Not only does_ it thus answer to a popular expectation and in volve no breach of continuity, but it will bo valuable in the trade which Mr. Renard hopea to establish with Mauritius. India consumes annually about 140,000 gallons of handkerchief perfume, all coming from Europe, and why should not Australia share in the profits of this business? Again, if England could be induced to differentiate in favor of Australia by foregoing the excise duty on perfumes im ported from this country it would be possible to export Australian eau-de-Cologne and other scents to the mother land with profit. In point of quality the local product has nothing to fear from competition. Messrs. W. Silver & Co., of Norwood, show a number of plain and fancy boxes from their factory, the assortment covering a wide scope, and varying from the tiny ring-box and wedge shape wedding-cake box to the large re ceptacles for millinery, costumes, or hats. Mr. T. B. Robson exhibits a trophy of dried fruits from the Ellythorp Vineyard, figs, apples, walnuts, and raisins being principally in evidence. Some bottles of unferaentea wine crown the summit. Mr. H. J. Shrosbree, of Adelaide, shows, several handsome glass cases of stuffed birds' and animals. The result is very effective and lifelike. Most of the exhibits have passed through the Zoological Garden, having been brought by Mr. Minchin from far eastern lands, yielded the ghost in South Australia, and tnen been handed over to Mr. Shrosbree to be immortalised by means of wire and saw dust. The birds include an Australian eagle just perched upon a rock, to whioh he has carried a rabbit in his olawa; a king penguin from South America, a Chinese copper pheasant, and the magnificent gold pheasant also from Cathay. The feathers of a hawk are ingeniously spread out so ns to foraa a hand some firescreen, the fierce head being in the centre. The platypus, the Jew lizard, and the Australian water rat are other excellent speci mens of the staffers' art. Messrs. Burden & Bonython have a hand some pyramidal display of their lithographic work towards the left side of the organ. Messrs. W. H. Burford & Sons have a fine exhibit of candles, soap, starch, and other products of their business tastefully grouped. Near them and also opposite the main entrance are two Government exhibits, one consisting of scientific apparatus used in tele graphy and the working of the telephone, while the other is from the Government Print ing Office, and displays some splendid samples of the binders' art. Messrs. Schaer & Miiller show corks cut to all sizes and requirements in their Adelaide factory, and close by Mr. H. L. Yosz exhibits a pyrimid of tins of paint, and a magnificent glass mirror from, his well-known establishment m Rundle-street. MAIN HALL-EASTERN SIDE. The S. A. Post and Telegraphio Department have placed their well arranged case of scientific, and telegraphic instruments in a position in which it cannot fail to command merited attention. A number of sections of wires are shown in company with various j)or tiors of the telephonic apparatus and batteries, all made at the departmental workshop. An automatic transmitter for duplex circuits, with switches, communicators, and lightning arresters are all well displayed, as are a pocket instrument, galvanometer and scale, and 'a Siekmen's universal galvanometer. An exhibit which -will probably attract the eye of the visitor is the tastefully arranged showcase of Messrs, "W. &T.; Rhodes. A large circular mirror bordered by a wreath composed of cupids sporting with doves in tin ted" were forms an excellent centre piece around which are grouped elegant designs in silver plate and . continental ware, vases and statuettes of chaste design and delicate coloring. . Messrs. W. H. Burford & Sons. show..a fine... case of. the artioles. manufactured, by them,. including some prettily-tinted, candles. of'-thfc. type usually met: with, and also special bed room candles. Soaps of different sorts and extracts of that useful article are neatly dis played, a collection of oils for lubricating cylinders and spindles being aLso attractively worked into tho body of the trophy. Packets of blue, starch, and blacking appear in the base, which i3 further supported by specimens of glycerine, soda crystals, aiid a. new axle grease, which is being introduced to the public By this firm. All of these are made up in a compact manner for sale, and there appears no reason why the fact of their being manufac tured locally should be the slightest bar to popularity. Indeed,, in this direction, at least, we appear to have little further to learn from old world producers. One of the most handsome exhibits in the main hall is that of Messrs. James 'Marshall and Co., which stands in a conspicuous position to the right of the passage-way. It is ex cellently arranged for displaying to the best advantage a really creditable show of colonial made furniture, all of which is of woods grown in Australasia."The central position is oocupied by a handsome specimen cabinet in ebomsed kauri pine-^-a New Zealand product. Close by Tasmania is represented by a hand some carved and ornamented blackwood side board. An American walnut dining-room suite is well upholstered in morocco and and includes a 14. ft. extension dining table, a full-sized sideboard with a bevelled glass over mantle to match the last-named article. An elegant drawing suite in ebonised wood, a carved' overmantle, and several specimens of the latest designs in occasional tables and chairs are displayed on the same stand a little to the right of the centrepiece, as are a set of drawing-room bookshelves of kauri pine and walnut. In the latter wood are also shown seven patterns of hall stands, which are hand some pieces of furniture, and two duchess toilet pairs. Various designs of occasional chair frames are exhibited in an unfinished state to show the excellence of the work, which was all executed at the Stephens ' place factory of the firm. Altogether this is a stand well worth inspection. Messrs. W. C. Harrison & Co., of Port Ade laide, have a well - arranged case of mill products and specimens, illustrating the stages. through which wheat j>asses in its passage from grain to flour. It is first shown as it comes into the mill, and then as it appears after the various processes of cleaning. ^Th'e by-products such as chaff are duly exhibited. A series of illustrations are also presented of this important staple] produot of the colony from the time when it is simply split down to the eleventh when it is perfectly ground. The firm also show meal and semolina. The Adelaide Hat Manufacturing Company bavfe an interesting exhibit, all the articles in which--are manufactured at the North Ade laide factory from South Australian grown wool. An effort has been made to show as far as possible the processes through which the raw material passes before it emerges in a finished state. The wool is first shown just as it comes from the sheep, and then as it appears after having beenjscoured. The next operation is cording, after which the embyro hat is shown, and _ then the ? article in a hardened form. Felting is the succeeding operation, after which the shape is stiffened, and then comes the finished head covering of ordinary wear. At present the company only manufac ture, the common or "pot" nat, not having the necessary plant to extend their 'trade in the direction of the more pretentious "chimney pot." . Ail extensive collection of brushware of all descriptions is well arranged by Messrs. Zeven bopm& Co., who manufacture everything in this' line at their Currie-street factory, from bristles, fibre, hair, bass, cane, and whisk, which are imported from outside the colony. The general get up of the household brush ware, and also of that for general use, is ex cellent ; while the same may be said of the articles for machine use turned out by the firm. The goods shown are all turned out by factory employes, who have entered in then own names quite independent of Messrs. Zevenboom, to whom, however, the material belongs. The S.A. Woollen Manufacturing Company show a large exhibit which is well placed at the northern end of the hall. All the cloths displayed are made of South Australian grown wool at their Lobethal factory, many of the patterns being admirable in design, while the texture of the stuffs appears durable. A col lection of show-cases on the eastern side of the trophy give an idea to the uninitiated of the processes tlirough which the merino and cross bred wools pass in transition from the raw material to the cloth of commerce. First of all these are observable " in grease," as it is technically termed, the next case showing the fleeces scoured, and a third the wool in the first'process of preparation for carding. The article after the latter process is subsequently displayed looking white and of good color.. Numerous varieties of spun yarn are in the next division, the last case showing dyed and twisted yarns of all shades. Suspended from a transverse bar just above these are samples of cloth in various stages of preparation ; some just as it left the loom, being hung next a cut ting from the same piece scoured and mulled, while a third_ section is seen after final treat ment in a finished condition, dose by finger ing yarns are shown in a finished and and un finished state. Several specimens of cloth as supplied to branches of the Government Service are hung near by, with a new home spun fabric made from crossbred wool. In a glass case close at hand a quantity of fingering wool _ in various colors is exhibited ready for knitting purposes. . An exhibit which should command a share of attention is that of Mr. D. M. Renaud, who brings before visitors a good idea of what can be produced from a well-tended home farm and garden by exercise of a degree of thought and care. A couple of neatly labelled bottles contain black-heart cherries, and pears pre served in sugar syrup and brandy as is done in France; while in others are displayed a variety of fruit-syrups from raspberries, mulberries, currants, ancf cherries. _ These being made pure,-and without the aid of chemicals, are thoroughly wholesome. This success should in time lead to the establishment of a profitable industry in our hill 'districts, where fruit is abundant. A special feature is a set of three bottles of preserved fresh milk, which having been _ submitted to a peculiar process, are in a [fit condition for export. As the fluid is treated when perfectly fresh itis claimed that its purity and general excellence are superior to that of the condensed varieties. Pineapple ratafia, aniseed liqueur, and black . currant ratafia are also shown. The whole of these "products of the farm "come from the neighborhood of Crafers, Uraidla, and Stirling. A most artistic exhibit is that which demon strates what can be done with the scales of fish of various sizes. With infinite patience and skill these have been worked into excellent imitation flowers, sprays, and fern fronds. A delicacy of touch and treatment has been lavished upon the preparation of the contents of this show-ease, which cannot fail to com mand well-merited attention. The plants and flowerets as of a small conservatory within its glass doors have a semblance of life, which speaks volumes for the taste and care which lias evidently been devoted to the tinting and general design. ' The models shown are of a high order of merit, many being elaborate in workmanship, though diminutive in general design. Commencing at the north- eastern end of the building is a care ful, and ingenious piece of execution in metal .. by Mr. J. Walters, of Upper Mitcham, in the shape of a stamp mill. In a mining com munity like ours this will no doubt receive a fair snare of notice. A model steam engine and vertical boiler are to be seen close by, while a few yards away those interested in nautical matters will no doubt be attracted by some excellent models of yachts in full saii. An exhibit in this class which is of more than ordinary merit is a circular staircase by W. Banks, of Hackney, which is one of the finest specimens of cabinet work in the exhibition. The floor and landing of the spiral way are artistically inlaid with colored woods, the effect produced being extremely pleasing. The cooperage show-case of Mr. E. A. Adams is a most comprehensive exhibit, show ing that he is not only able to turn out massive work, but also to give a finish which approaches cabinet-work in delicacy of execu tion. A camel water cask is a good sample of the former, and the numerous dwarf casks made in ornamental forms and woods of the latter class of manipulation. A model of a torpedo boat of cigar-shape is shown in the form of an elongated barrel, while another small hogshead gives the visitor a clear view of all the diagonal points in its staves. The whole is tastefully grouped and arranged. Upon entering the main hall from the Eastern annexe the first thing attracting the eye .is a trophy some 18 to 20 ft. high in the form of a pyrimid, upon which is tastefully arrayed 3 tons, or over 1,800 this, of jams and preserved fruits from Messrs. S. Smith and Sons factories at Yalumba, Angaston. Several varieties of finite are shown in glass jars and have aan exceedingly tempting appearance. The artistic labels used by this firm and the skill brought to bear in dressing the stand makes an imposing show. Further on is an exhibit from the Yalumba wine cellars. A fine dis play is made of Special Old Port, the bottles being arranged in pyrimidal tiers. The School of Mines and Industries has an exhibit in the south-eastern portion of the main building comprising specimens of mental and manual Work by the students, which goe3 far t9 prove the extreme practical utility of that institution. Some excellent mechanical drawings are displayed to advantage, including the working drawing of a banger for line shafting drawn to scale, and a pattern of a spur, whilo two tool boxes made by the students are conspicuous in the centre of the space allotted, while close by some steel tools made by another attendant at the industrial classes show work of great care and accuracy. A large number of entries have been re ceived in the two classes of artistic and fancy work. The first of. these is for youths and maidens under the age of 18 years, and the second for women over the age of 18. ' The exhibits are in some instanoes meritorious, and " show that a kceii interest has been "taken in the competition by tlte exhibitor.-), who in many cases have . displayed not only skill and patience but also considerable ingenuity in designing articles of more than ordinary merit. Many of these were, however, not arranged till a late hour. TIfK GAr.LEKW On the eastern side the walls of the gallery are hung with the efforts of local artists, some being decidedly good, while others, and .we fear the majority, are crude and harsh. There is one commendable oil painting of a flooded billabong,by L. E. 13irks, where .the treatment is _ warm and sympathetic, the natural objects faithfully and yet artistically represented, and the whole effect pleasing; but so much ean be said of very few of the other paintings, whether in oil or water. Most of the (xii'traits recall Madam Tussaud's Chamber of Horrors, and there is a copy of Johnstone's "Evening Shadows," which shows how far it is possible to unintentionally caricature a great picture. At the head of the stairs leading to the gallery is a very effective bird's-eye view of Adelaide and the plains in Indian ink, the shading being very cleverly done. Art is represented in other forms in the gallery. The inmates of the Adelaide Lunatic Asylum have contributed some beautiful specimens of cabinet-makiim-, all the articles being constructed of wood grown on the premises. Knitting and needlework are also on the talole, and show that the excellent stimulus of quiet work is not forgotten in the treatment of those mentally afflicted. Several private firms have a good display of basketwork, upholstery, plaque- painting, *&c.;, in the gallery. THE EASTERN ANNEXE contain some competitive exhibits of great interest, because they emanate directly from workingmen in various factories of the colony, notably those of Kapunda and Gawler. It will be necessary to speak more fully of these, as of miiny other excellent exhibits, at a later date, when the work of arrangement is more complete. Messrs. Martin & Co.'s employes are represented by a whole compartment full of machinery of various lands. The inmates of the Blind Asylum have here a stall for the display of their goods, and at another part of the annexe they can be seen at work brash making, &c.; Messrs. J. G. Genders & 'Co. have a" car petted enclosure ill which they display in a very attractive form samples from then- manu facturing departments, including saddlery and harness from their leatherware factory, besides special exhibits of all kinds of collars from the Federal Collar Works. Portmanteaus, Glad stone bags, valises, brief bags, footballs, &c.;, from the bag-making department are also shown. Conspicuous in the centre is a centre is a neatly arranged stand of horseshoes, embracing samples for racehorses, jumpers, and carriage horses, as well as special shoes for shipboard and for horses with sandcracks, &c.; The Horton Manufacturing Company of Fort Wayne are represented by samples of their western -washer, which Messrs. Genders and Co. are manufacturing as their agents in the colony. Stretton's automatic horsefeeder will subsequently be shown in operation. A camel saddle is also exhibited. Messrs. Genders' collection has all been selected from their regular stock, nothing having been made ex pressly for this exhibition. THE OPENING CEREMONY. Full particulars of the opening ceremony were given in this morning's Advertiser. 