JOE HARRIS RETURNS. He's Full of American News. SLAVIN'S GREAT SUCCESS. Abe Willis and Dixon. THE 'SHADOW' VERY POORLY. Jim Hall Turned Turtle — Fitzsimmons Gets a Bad Name — Sullivan Hands Championship to Slavin. By the Monowai which arrived yesterday morning Mr. Joe Harris, the well-known Melbourne bookmaker, returned to Australia from a trip to California. Mr. Harris went over to manage Jim Hall's affairs, and according to his account be has had a real bad timo of it. He says Jim Hall is making a pile of money as a showman. He refused a splendid offer for show purposes while he was with Harris. Big head, and bad at that, is the complaint Mr. Hall is suffering from, and Mr. Harris is of the opinion that if he goes on like he is going they will soon have to kill a beast to got a hide big enough to make a hat for Hall. However, Jim is in magni- ficent buckle, and at catch weights would MAKE A GHASTLY SHOW OF FITZY, or at 158lb he would hold his own, but at 156lb Harris reckons that Fitzy has a good 2 to 1 show of winning, as Hall is getting such a big fellow that he can't get down to the weights. Mr. Harris has mighty little that is good to say for Hall, and if half his story is founded on the foundation stone of truth, then Jim must be a real bad lot to handle. None of the big clubs will now tolerate Jim on account of the mannor in which he has put in the crab act on his backer and friendd. I'm mighty glad that the good clubs won't stand Jim if he has given the rough end of the dog to a man who stuck to him in his hour of need. Confound the fellows, why can't they understand that THE CLEAN GAME IS THE SOLID GAME, and wears best in all countries and under all conditions and amongst all men. Fitzsimmons is knocking up a record for un- mitigated meanness that will last for a few generations before it's knocked out. Harris tells me that the American shoeing smiths want to get a chip off Bob's chin to see if it isn't MANUFACTURED OUT OF ROAD-METAL, ho is so desperately hard in the mouth. Murphy had a name for close-fistedness when he was over there, but now they know Bob they speak of Billy Murphy as a most extravagantly generous young man, and everyone wants a lock of his hair. They say he used to spend a pound a mouth, now and again, when he was A WILD WEIRD JAG, but no one has seen Fitz spend enough to buy worsted enough to mend a hole in a coon's sock. Hall is looked upon as a good fellow, and free-handed as far as money goes, but the Americans want Fitz's hide when he dies so that they can tan it and manufacture a national emblem out of the result, for they reckon it will be so tough that the enemy's bullets won't batter it. This is hard for our boys. I don't like meanness, nor do the Aus- tralian people, and I doubt if Bob will get a hearty welcome back again if he brings that sort of character with him. PADDY SLAVIN. About Paddy Slavin Mr. Harris has much to say. He tells me that our man had a great reception when he landed in America with Charlie Mitchell, und soon hunted up the mighty John L. himself, and when he had shaken the man who has won the title of the best that ever breathed by the hand, he said, 'Look here, Mr. Sullivan, I've come from Australia to fight you for the CHAMPIONSHIP OF THE WORLD, and I want you to give me a show. Here's £1000 (pulling out the money) to show I am no bluffer, will you fight or not?' John L. Sullivan replied, 'Mr. Slavin, you aro the first man who has over come like a man to my face and said 'JOHN I WANT TO FIGHT YOU,' and planked up the money to do it. All the rest have done their talking a thousand miles away. I admire you, Mr. Slavin, and like the look of you. I am now going to hand over to you the Championship of the World, for I will fight no more.' Slavin was delighted at the manner in which the renowned American treated him, and the pair of wonders shook hands. At Madison Square Gardens, in front of 4000 people, Paddy Slavin wiped the floor with Jim Daly, a heavy-weight, who whipped Pat Farrell, the Pittsburg policeman, recently, and stayed six rounds comfortably with Joe M'Auliffe. Slavin gave this man a punch in the belly and one on the neck and landed him outside the ring in the second round. He is getting well for his mill with Kilrain, and Mr. Harris does not think that Kilrain will have a ghost of show with Slavin. 'HOW ABOUT GODDARD?' I asked the traveller. 'Well, 'Smiler,' you can bet your front teeth that if Joe will only take my advice he can go over and whip every man, black or white, in all America, as has Paddy Slavin, and I think he's a fool not to go at once. His style of fighting is pretty well known over there, thanks to the graphic reports in the Referee. He would draw immense houses and get big purses. WHAT ABOUT DOOLEY? Well, Mick Dooley could command £10 a month over there as an instructor of boxing. There is not a man there like him. I fear Mick's day as a fighter is over or Choynski could never get him out in two rounds; but as instructor he would draw like a blister. I think he's foolish not to try his luck. HOW ARE THE PEOPLE? Oh, ask me something easy. The people are the grandest set of folk I've ever struck. I like the Americans, and so does everyone who has visited the country, I think. HOW ABOUT WILLIS ? 'Now you've struck a patch. I know you first wrote Willis up as champion bantam- weight, and he is never tired of talking about it, for he's a grateful, decent little chap, and a white man. Well, he's going to win that £1000 purse as sure as you sit sideways on that chair. He can do Dixon up badly, and he will do it. too. You mark my words, he'll win, and win easily. AND NOW ABOUT THE ' SHADOW.' ' Poor old Maber, he is now vory ill, and I fear that he is breaking up fast. He is a real decent fellow. I took him round a good deal, and a better fellow I never wish to meet, but the climate is playing the deuce with him. I introduced him to Jack Dempsey, and when Dempsey saw him he fell back on a chair amazed, 'That fellow a light-weight,' ex- claimed the gallant Nonpareil, 'why he's an inch and a half taller than me, and a bigger man. Bless my soul, I don't think there's a light-weight in all America who could hold a candle to you.' 'How do you think Dempsey will get along now, Mr. Harris?' 'Well, I don't know, but a grander fellow or a gamer or whiter man never lived than little Jack Dempsey. He must have been a wonder in his day to fight as he has fought, and I don't think it much to Fitzsimmons' credit to whip a little chap like him now that he's stale and old. I don't know what else to tell you except that the sports over that way treated me like a king, and so they will any decent fellow who knows how to conduct him- self. You will find that John L. Sullivan is a good fellow, and he will take on well with the general public I feel sure of that.' Since the Pritchard and Burke contest many shrewd sporting men have publicly in- timated that Burke did not try to defeat Pritchard, and that it was the Young Mit- chell-Le Blanche battle over again. What these sporting men base their opinion on is the fact that just prior to the contest Prit- chard's backers offered to increase the stakes to £1000 aside, but Burke's backer, said to be Squire Abington, refused the proposition. 