Melbourne Items. November 7, 1891. Mr. Munro has managed to muddle his affairs. at last, and has Bhown his extreme weakness by getting angry aud making a scone in the House. This is an old failing of his, but it' was hoped that his good sense had enabled him to conquer it. At the time he was in opposition he kept his temper in check, and indeed it was his perfect coolness aud his admirable self- command during his leader ship of the Opposition which spoiled the Giilies' Ministry. Some time after when they had prepared for a fight he gave in, allowed them to achieve their immediate nnnnnoa anil f nno Tm». »ori I nam tn w iVtnt- putjjuoo UI1U VUUO IVtUOU bliciu IIVS OUl/VT Uiiai they had no connected or complete policy. When he became Minister, his old dictatorial manner came back, and he is once more felt to be impossible. This morning at an early hour he quarrelled with Sir Bryan O'Loghlen and Mr. Richardson, and taunted them both into anger simply because they asked, as they had a perfect right to do, whether the report that the Ministry was divided concerning the Electoral Bill was correct or not. The result is that, on Tuesday he will have to face an adverse motion, which though it may not take a vote of censure, will really be what the French call " an interpellation" — a formal demand for official explanations. At the same time the chances are against an early dissolution of Parliament. The truth is that nobody is quite ready for the fight. There are three parties to be consi dered, the Trades Hall Quapcil, the New National Association and the Progressive Political Association. Neither of them has a definite programme reducible to words' and neither of them has a lot of candidates ready. The conservative party is woefully weak in the House, but it certainly would find an ally in the so-called National Association, and both of these would no doubt be served by a general electirn taken on the present rolls, but they are woefully unready, and the surprising popularity of Mr. Robert Harper atands in their way. He founded the Assoc iation and he is a very respectable man, bat he is a bore of the first water, and those who respect him most are less likely to endure his fussiness aud general air of superiority. If the dual vote ever passes at all, Mr. L. L Smith's form of it which would give every ratepayer one vote in that capacity and one under the manhood suffrage roll will un doubtedly be the form chosen. As to the Argus idea that a second vote Bhould be given to free holders only it has not the ghost of a chance. The very man who now possesses the plural vote, the citizens of Melbourne would be the greatest sufferers by a J. T M M «9 nn 1 t HAA 1 1 W NAa Art A AM - C A A J «.. 1 it iu ttujr uaao it. icaiijr aocuis ao ii tiie uurn vote would increase the power ofthe working class voters since the small freeholders out number the big onB, and moreover are very jealous of the exactions and airs of their richer neighbours. It is a great mistake to put all manhood suffrage voters down as swagsmen and tramps as the Argus doeB. Two of the highest and best paid railway officials have only the manhood suffrage vote and so have numbers of highly respectable people. All the world is talking about the in and out racing at Flemington, and very ugly stories are told concerning the horses who won 'and the horses who did not. - One promi nent;, favorite, who stood high in the betting for a principal race, was, it is openly said, bought over for £15,000, and another was comfortably palled up a hundred yards from the winning po3t. Tne jockey said he could not win, but the backers aver that he was then ahead of everything. The backers generally lost all round, and it really does look as though the bookmakers, trainers, and owners between them were so much too strong for tbe public, that the latter may not impossibly give up the unequal contest. The immense popularity of the sweeps is due to the fact that in them you have at least a ten thousand chance of something, whereas in straight-out betting you are considered to have no chance at all. The chances of fatal accident in railway travel are very slight, one being killed -in ten millions. Statistics sho w that more people are killed by falling out of windows than in railway acci dents. More people in this country are cured of coughs and colds by taking Faulding's Cough Elixir and Eucalyptus Extract than by any OCu6F; mOQlClQBS lu AuSvralld A gentleman bought a lot of chickens and com menced feeding them on rice, hut could not make out what they did with the large quanti ties that were thrown down to them. He de termined to watch, No sooner had the rice been scattered over the ground than a cloud of sparrows swooped down aud made a splendid meal. There was one consolation, and that was the chickens would soon be " fowl" enough to eat Indian corn. Next morning came, and he threw down corn, thinking he would be one in front of the sparrows. But no such luck. They came as usual and picking up the corn flew away with it to the railway; placed it on the rails, perched on the telegragh wires, and waited for a train to come by and smash it ! I He has since given up keeping fowls for profit. This is net a Yankee yarn ; but comes from Birminghom. A specific in medicine is a drug or combination , of drugs, which invariably cures the diseases for which it is recommended ; at least 95 per cent, of the cases. This is the sum total of what is claimed for Faulding's Famous Cough Elixir ; it is a specific for coughs and colds. The result of the survey and last census of India are that the area of the Fenihsula of Hindostan is 1,382,624' square miles, and the population 253,891,821. Although immense tracts of country are annually cultivated, ac cording to the most recent survey 10,000,000 acres of land, suitable for cultivation, have not as yet been ploughed. At the same time, 100,000,000 of acres are returned as waste lands. "Have yon a large staff of reporters to gather the news for you ?" Country Editor : "No ; we have a wife," 