EAST MAITLAND. (from otjr correspondent.) The topic of conversation during tbe weak has be-n the storm of last Monday. From an early hour in tbe forenoon, to about four o'clock in the afternoon, the lightning was incessant and dazzling, and the thunder rolled p- al on peal continuously. No Ie3s than four different places were Btruck by the lightning in the tjsvn and its immediate vicinity,. but happily no lives were lost, and but little dam ige done. The signa-l-p )8t at the rail way station wa^ split in pieces and set on fire 5 a hay-shed belonging to Mr. Naylor was partially uncovered, and the end wall ot the shed thrown over a road and into a viney rd. Every Irishman in this district is. as, indeed, theloveis of truth throughout tbe colony must be, exceedingly thankful t - you for the manner in which you have exposed the something worse than senile drivel of t ees-j^dge's. In reading over the sad occurrences of that sad day, one almost forgets the tragic part of it, in the liughter provoking poltroomry of Sir William Manning. Ani yefc this is the man who has brass enough in hia face to stand up before his fellow men, and in broad daylight tell that worst sort 'of lie— a balf truth. I am inclined to think that tbe es-Judge would be much better pleased wifeh himself fchan be is to-day if ho had leffc bis ' bit of history'' unspoken, and left the poor, dear KictnE, Ghost unresunected. It would be, I thiak, a most desiraVe thiag to adopt the sug gestion of your correspondent, and publish in pamphlet form the whole of that deplorable is omitted from the History of New South Wales lately published. I regret to have to ivcord the death lait night from jaundice.of Alderman Richardson, es- Mayor. The deceased gentleman was a native of this town, a solioitor by profession, and about 40 years of age. He was a most gentlemanly man, and highly respected in bia native town. He leaves a wife aad five children to mourn their Iofs. I was told Io3t night that the se'mon preached by Father Ambrose during the mission here, on drunisenneBB, is still spoken of aad dwelt upon by Cattu lies and non-Catholics. His appeal to his hea' era on that occasion will, I think, take deep root in their hearts. 