My Lady's Revenge. By E. GARRISON JONES. CHAPTER XXXII.—(OONTISJOED.) NOVELIST. The rain fell with a dismal sound upon ^ the wet flag-stones, and the winds wailed In a ghostly fashion amid the bare branches of the' trees and around the -grim towers overhead, but Cassandra alighted without a tremor. " Wait for me here," she said to the driver. " I shall not xemain long." He settled himself In the carriage, with a lew inaudible murmurs of complaint, and through thegreat stone entrance and up the alippery walk Lord St. Aubyn'B bride made iter noiseless way. She reached the broad stone steps that led «p to the heavy oaken door, and there she paused and looked keenly about her. - Very White was her face, but in her eyes glittered "" • look of dauntless determination. What she aame to do she would accomplish,-no matter what the risk might be. She stood for a -moment irresolute as to *rhat course to pursue—whether to approaoh the front entrance' and boldly'demand ad- -'-..' mittanoe, or to wait until some sign of life /within presented itself. While she stood ' thus the sound of chopping fell on her strained ear. It came from the lower leraace, just beyond the eastern wing of the . (building, and in that, direotion shelat once ibenther steps. As soon as Bhe reached the terrace and turned the comer of the dismal old house, she. saw a little shed constructed of boards and filled With billets of wood, and in front of at Bat the stooping figure of ah old man. He bad a small axe in his hand, and appeared to be engaged in splitting firewood. Her ladyship at once inferred that this old man was the person she sought, and she made her way Across to the little efced. " Seymour, is that you 3" she called, when she was within a few steps of him. . .. The old man started, and -rising to.his. " feet, looked about him in surprise. Cassandra was ai-his .side, and hadher gloved faand.on his arm in a breath. ' "Don't be startled, Seymour," she said. " I came from your roaster and my husband, .Lord. St. Aubyn. Have you forgotten me, H^ Seymour ?" . The. old man shook hiB grey head in a "Ai;jSazed way. : V: " I'm afraid I ha7e, my lady," he replied. "Well, then, no matter. I am Lord.St. Aubyn's wife, Seymour—we were married only a short time ago—and my lord has sent tne here, Seymour, to bring you good news. 1 ' " Good news, my lady I" repeated the old man, *' What oan it be ?" " Cannot you guess whBt it is, Seymour!" continued her ladyship. " Lord St. Aubyn is ill, and could not come himself, and you know he' dare not trust another save his wife. Seymour, he ha8 (old me the secret." She made a swift gesture towards the vaults beneath the old bouse. The old man's, crinkled face paled to an ashen grey. a You know it, my lady ?" be repeated. " Tes, Lord St. Aubyn has told me; and more, he has e-nt me here, Seymour, to tell you to be c! good heart. In a few weeks all this shall end, and yon and your prisoners shall be free." The old man caught be? hand and carried it to his lips, while the "tears streamed over his furrowed cheeks. " O'I. my lady," he cried, " what do you ir>ean?" What I say, Say in our," she answered, ®teadf,y; " ycu are to be free—you and your ^prisoners. Strange things have happened, and Lord Si. Aubyn has determined to take your advice and let them go free. They are ... alive yetl" " Yes, my lady." " Well, he will come himself as soon as he recovers, and see them, acd arrange it all. You must hold out a few weeks longer, Sey- \- mour. You have beer a faithful servant to your master, and you shall not lose your re- -tward..'' " I have it how, my lady," sobbed the old '' duan. "Oh, my dear master! I have grayed day and night that his heart would change." "Well," interrupted Cassandra, a trifle impatiently, " you must be patient till he comes, and try to make the poor men comfortable, Seymour. It is a hard lot for them " " Ah, my lady, a bitter lot I" "Well, do the best you can for them, and when your master comes all shall be made right. Here, take this puree ; and, Seymour,- here is some wine. Take it, and drink some -yourself, 'and give the poor men some. "Poor souls, it makes me shudder to think «.uf them I" " Bless your good heart, my dear lady, I -Willi" He took the bottles in his shaking hands, .-and her ladyship drew her cloak close. " I must go, Seymour," she said; " my •carriage waits below there, and I want to -catch the first available train. Bsmember, now, your master will soon be here to release -you. Be patient, and do the best you can, •Good-bye." "Good-bye, my lady, and may you be rewarded for this. It is your work, I'm sure." " Yes, it is my work," repeated Cassandra, as she retraced her way to the spot where tha waiting vehicle stood—'" work for whir'"* r have no iaste, but fate hasforoedit me. and it must be done.V she approatibeSihe g^Urinherejea ' " I have come to tell you that you may | return without me," she Gsid, addressing the ; driver. " I have deoided to remain tl! night. In tho morning I ehull taVe n.'y father away with me; you may ic-l1 ihe landlord so. Here is his money and Bcmctbing for yourself, too, to pay yon for your Sieagreeable drive." The driver touched his hat and said '" Thankee, mum," and rattlod off down the rooky road. Turcugh the storm and gloom she made ter way back to the old house. With cautious tread she flitted along, under the Bhadowof the dripping treeE, till ete reached the northern wing, around which a covered terrace ran. She crept up to the wet stone steps, and making her way to ihe dark and Eheltered corner, she satdown. The night was dense aud dark; an ioy eltet mingled with the dripping rain, and beat a miserable tattoo on the wet stones ; but.like an image of marble, Lord St. Aubyn's bride sat in her sheltered oorner, her hands locked together, her face like death. She heard the bells strike for midnight, yet she did not move. At last, a little while before the dawn began to break, she arose. " This is awfal I' she said, in a low, gasping voice. " I wonder if St. Aubyn would gaffer like this for me?" Through the thick gloom she groped her way down the steps, and in the direction of the little ehed where she had met Seymour. There she paused and surveyed the old house with anxious eyes. It loomed up like a great black tomb, Bilent and dark as the night, save one window on the ground floor, and from that a feeble light issued. Cassandra saw this glimmering light, and approached it. The window was bleared and stained, but she could see through it dimly. There was a room beyond,-with a bed in one corner, and on that bed, by the dim light of the taper that fiiokered near by, she oould descry a human figure. She looked through the stained glass, and then she turned to the door. " I muBt know," the muttered, under her breath—"I must be certain." She tried the door and it opened, and she made her way through a narrow corridor into the dimly-lighted room. There lay the figure stiff and motionless, the worn, furrowed face turned full towards the flickering tape. On a small table stood a bottle and a glass, in which a few drop of wine still remained. ' Cassandra looked searchingly at these objects, and discovered that the bottle was one of those she had given to Seymour, and that it was nnoorked. She stood an Instant, shaken by a strong shudder of terror and disgust; then she drew near the bed, and peered down into the stony, upturned face; she even put out her hand and touched the furrowed forehead. "It has ended," she said, In a horse whisper; "he is dead." She flitted from the Bilent room like a shadow, closed the door behind her, and made her way out into the cliff road, and across the country to the nearest station; and the first train that stopped there bore her on her way back towards London. CHAPTER XXXII. SIABTIiIKa HEWS. The Same February day that sees Lady Cassandra back in London, breaks drearily over a small party congregated on the dick of an English veseel steaming tip the Thames. O! this party four persons are the rescued passengers of the ill-fated Baltic. One of thc-ie four is Base, the mother of Lord St. Aubyn's son ar.dheit. Captain Sir R-idmond Carew in b«nide her, aud she leans upon his arm now. From the very jaws of death she is coming back to her husband and child. The silent tear." rise in her solemn brown eyes as she thinks oi it, a faint red glow in her waxen chfekf, and her' childish mouth quivers. " Redmond," ehe-whispers, clinging more olosely to her companion, and raising her swimming eyes to his face, " Sc. Aubyn will be waiting to welcome me. Don't you think so. Rsdnoond?" Sir R'dmond Carew looks down as the frail little creators with tender kindnesB in his eyes. 11$ has mastered ail his own pain and cruel disappointment; he is her friend now, truer than a brother could be. r " Ygs, -Bessi" he answers, with his sad, kind smile, " ofaouree he will be there. lie has received our letters, no doubt, and he must be the happiest man in England today." Bees lacuhs—a simple, joyous little laugh. "Yen, Redmond, only think of it!" she goes on. " For the second time I am coming beck to him from the grave." The pallid dawn deepened, and presently the sun came up, lifting the misty gloom, and ushering in a clear and spring-like day. The passengers reached their place of landinpr, and crowded-forward with eager faoes to look for their friends. Sir Biedmond Carew was amid the foremost, with Bess on his arm. Bot Lord St. Aubyn was not in sight. A dark frown clouded the Indian officer's brow. " This is a strange business I" he muttered. "He must have received some of the many letters eent him. f wonder if ihe fellow is a villain ?" " What were yon saying, Redmond ?" inquired Bass. " Nothing, only your hatband is not here to meet jou, Bess. It must be that he has not been informed of your coming." ''That's-it," responded Bess; "he hasn't heard of it. Ob, Rsdmond, what a surprise it would be if we should go to him, and he believing me to be dead, and buried in the sea?" "Yes, a great surprise, ohild," responded the oaptain, absently. He hails a cab, and they are driven to South Audley-stieet, where an old friend of Sir Redmond Carew resides. He is lucky enough to find this lady at home, and into her care he commits Bees. " She is one ol the Baltic's pas3engera," he explains, as the l»dy follows him out into the hall. ' "Oflly four persons were picked up, andLidy St. Aubyn was one of them." " Lady St. Aubyn !" repeats Mrs. Markham. "Yes;.didn't you understand the name? She has-travelled home under my charge. Her father was my brother offiacr, years ago, and I feel a. mora than friendly iutereatin the frail little creature. Please, Mrs. Markham, do what you can for her, as she is literally worn oat." S r Redmond Cirew says all this, standing in the bail, with hia hat in his band, in rather'an impatient manner, but feeling that some explanation is due to his old friend. Still Mrs. Markham stands and stares at him. <-I must go," ho says, even more impatiently. " You'll kindly take care of the lady till I return for her, Mrs. Markham? Aud, by tbG way, can yon tell me where to find Ljrd St. Aubyn's refcidencE ? Ha should have come to meet and welcome his wife today; but be did not, and I must try to find him." Still Mrs. Markham stares at the baronet in blank surprise, but at l&Bt; she remarks : " You don't mean to say, Sir ltadmond, tbtt this poor lady is Lord St. Aubyn's wife, who was lost at sea, do you 1" "Yes," replied the baronet. Mrs. Markham seizes his arm with both her hands: "But, Sir Redmond Carew," Bhe whispers, excitedly. "Lord St. Aubyn was married only* weekago." The isapton'a lace whitens under all its foreignbnriue. • . --.'. ".^fiisi^y^iiaio^-.'.qv: •. • ' reEdirc an account of it oil—the wedding :>L'(] cvtrj thing—in tie 'J'iuics, not ba!f an hour ;i;;o. I will brir.g YOU the paper and let you eee for yourself/' "K:ay. Mrs. aidrkhatu—there is no need. 1 o?.n believe what you say," he answers. " But what ia ihe name of mercy is to be d ne t Poor Bess ?—it will kill her. She is longing to meet her husband and child, poor thing, and he married to that woman 1 The heartless villain ! I'll put a bullit through his false heart 1 Go back to the poor child, Mrs. Markham, but for Heaven's Bake don't breathe a word of this till wo see what's to be done. 1'il find him, the false-hearted dastard I Where did you say his house was ?" "In Grosvenor-Equare 1" answered the lady. Sir Redmond Carew waited to hear no more, but with an angry flush on his swarthy face, and a savage look in his brown eyes, he strode away. , CHAPTER XXXIII. THE BITTEB END, " St. Aubyn 1" The handsome peer starts up from hia recumbent position on the velvet lounge, aa the sweet, fond voice falls on his ear—starts to his feet and confronts his bride, the regal Cassandra. He stares blankly for s full minute, then exclaims: " Cassie, my dear, how you surprised one! When did you get back ?" " Only half an hour since, wet and chilled. I stole up to my rooms and made myself presentable before appearing before my dear husband's eyes." Dsspite his burning anxiety, he takes her in his arms and kisses her. Then he holds htr at arm's length and says: " Well, my love I" ^ " It is well, dearest," she answers promptly. ''The secret is ended, and you are never to think of it or allude to it again." He stands mute, a curious quiver stirring hia unsteady mouth. "Poor old Seymour,"he falters at last, "he deserved a better fate at my handBl" After a moment he adds: " Are you sure, CaeEandra, that I am safe?" " I am sure. What I saw with my own eyes I must believe." She watches him wistfully, expecting some word of tbankB or approbation, but he utters none. A pained look steals over her face, bat she puts it away and links her arm in his. ' " Now, my love, I want to see you look happy," she adds; " it cost me more than you imagine to accomplish my task, but it is done, and to-morrow we shall be on our long and happy journey." '"No, not to-morrow, deareEt," he interrupts. "The steamer will not sail till Friday. A messenger came to inform me of the alteration about an hour ago." My lady's face grows ghastly. " Why, St. Aubyn," she gasps, " what can it mean ? We must secure accommodation on some other steamer."- " Sail to-morrow we cannot," replies her husband, regarding her with some astonish meut; "we must wait for the veseel in which our berths are taken. What makes you so anxious about it, Cassie—so impatient to b6 c fl?" " Ob, I am not well," she answers evasively, averting her face. " I am sick of-England, and wish we could leave at once." "So we will; but you must cultivate patience, my love. What is one day more or less?" " What is one day?" repeats Cassandra, under her breath. " Who knows what a day may bring forth ?" But she answers carelessly: " Ob, no ; one day iB nothing. Bat I detect disappointments and.dflaye." •'So do I,"reepocds her husband; "but we must make the beet of it. I think I will take a stroll before dinner; I have been cooped up here so long." He rings for his overcoat, puts it on and goe= out. Cassandra sits down with a white, set face, arrayed in all her gorgeous finery. Her proud lip quiver?, andtbe tears rise in her eyes. It huzta her cruelly that her has-, band can leave her so soon after her return from her horrible journey. She is befciumni? to feel already that the man she has loved eo blindly, and perilled her soul to win. is not snch a prize after all. For hours she sits thus, cut to the heart, and feeling indescribably-lunely, till a servant comes with letters. They are letters which have followed them to London for the most part, and are consequently a good deal behind date. Cassandra seizes them with nervous haste and looks them over. One bears a foreign postmark. She holds it in her hand a minute, while her c seeks whiten and her breath comes in gasps. Then she tears it open and runs her eyes over the few lineB it contains. " Ob, mercy!" she gasps, her eyes - distended in terror," she .was to reach London yesterday, and may be in this house before the day closes 1 What shall I do ?" For five minutes ehe - standB there, tbe open letter in her hand; then she orosees the room and tosses it into the fire... '• I'll brave it," she mutters, with set teeth and glittering eyes. " It is too latp to turn back!" She turns to the window and looks out. The lamps are just lighted, and flare in yellow lines on each side of the crowded thoroughfares. She watohes the faces of the men and women as they come and go, with tigerish eyes. She almost expects to Fee among them the meek, pale face of the woman who is her rival. The twilight deepens into darkness, and my lady grows impatient and rings her bell. " Has Lord St. Aubyn returned V" she asks of the servant who enters. " No, my lady; he has not oome in yet, aud there is a gentleman in the library waiting to see him." "What is his name 1" ehe demands, fiercely. " He declines to give his name, my lsdy," the man replies. " He has been here twice before to-day whilst my lord was out, and now he insists on waiting till he comes in." Cassandra meditates, a slight flush rising to her face. "And refuses to give his name," she repeats. " What manner of perBon is he, James?" "A tall, handsome man, my lady, with the look of an officer." A' determined look comes into my lady's eyes. " "I will see this person myself," she says. The servant bows himself out, and my lady sweeps after him. At the library door she pauses, with f haughty, questioning glance. The visitor rises to his feet and bows pro foundly. "Do you wish to sec Lord St. Aubyn?" she questions. "Yes my lady." In the half-gloom of the spacious room she fail.? to recognise the man before her. Sir Redmond Carew has changed since the night when he saved this fair woman's life from the burning ruins of Mount Storm. "What is your business with Lord St. Aubyn?" she inquires. " My business with Lord St. Aubyn is of a private nature, my lady, and cannot be explained to any other person." " I am Lord St. Aubyn's wile. The baronet bows, with a curious smile on his lips. " That doss not alter the case, madame," he answers, coolly. Bat Lord St. Aubyn ia away 1" she continues, suppressing h^jtiainganger jmU#wait his r^pta,? 13e4>b«figain, and^pSneB his seat. Cas- .sandra^t^ds-andloon^^uiaiwith glowing eyes.. What tfsn be ^gu^ip of his. basi- <nes8,^he won&rs.; An awful terror takes awa* her front!-, ! and her knees tremble. Whit e:is:l she do jj to avert this impending dacge,? { "Have your brouyht" news for my bus-| band ?" she ventures to t-sk, h a faltering ! voice. ' j The light of the low-burniffi chandelier j falls upon ber face, aud Carew £es that it is £ ghastly white. He looks at hs with keen, ^ suspicious eyes, but his answer is cool and quiet. "Very strange news, but -only for his Iordship'B ears." She fairly gnashes her teeth n her terror andegony. "Tell me," she cries, flying lit him in a fury, and seizing his arm, " spjak out this instant, or I will ring the bell, Bid have yon expelled from the house 1" Sir Redmond coolly removes !her hacd from his arm. : 1 " It is quite evident, my lady," he replies, " that what I am here to tell tie Marquis St. Aubyn is no seoret to you. -You would have done better to have told .MSi yourself weeks ago." "'• " What do you mean ?" sheorieB, her rage rising beyond all control. " You sball not tell him; I'll have your life first She puts her hand to her bosom, and, swift as thought, she draws forth a slender jewelled dagger. She h&B; worn it day and night for the last week, for what purpose she dire not confess to her own soul. Mad with terror at the certainly that this man had come to make known to St. Aubyn tbe secret of his wife's rescue from, the burned steamer, and frantio to avert the danger and shame that threatea he?, ehe darts upon Carew in a frenzy of rage, and aims a deadly blow at his breast. Bat the captain's trained eye divines her purpose, and his swift hand grasps her a?m before the shining little weapon descends. " Take care, my lady," he saye, qaietly ; " you are in danger of harming yoursdf^oi me. I must have this." He twists the dagger out of ber white hand, and holds it bshind him. Sbe'etands at bay, like Boms wild, hunted animal. There comes a ring at the front entrance, and a moment later a step in the hall without. She knows that St. Aubyn h&V; come, and the fierce anger in her eyee gives place to a look of unutterable anguish. She falls at tbe soldier's feet and clasps his knees. Ob, for mercy sake, pity me 1'! she implores. " Keep the seoret from St; Aubyn. It will do her no good now to tell-St. Aubyn that she lives, and it will kill me. Have mercy on .me 1" Sis Redmond Carew pities her, as she grovels in abject terror at his feet,but his stern face never relaxes from its settled purpose. "I shall do my duty," he answers, resolutely. " I shall tell Lord St. Aubyn ihathis wife lives." There is a step outside the door. faint cry breakB from Cassandra's lips, abt she starts up and flies from the room ihifctgh & side entrance just as the library dooR Ocsna and St. Aubyn enters. . " Well, sir," he Bays, nodding at Carew, who rises, " what's your name and what's your business? I beg,that you will make both as &hort; as possible, for. my ditiner -is waiting." wheels a chair before the graft 1 , sits down, and elevates hie boots upon , the polished fender. Sir Rsdmond'.Carew stands and looks dowa upon him, with, a tinge of red in'.his swart cheeks, and an ominous glow in bis eye*. Ilia fingers work restlessly, sb il he longs to eeize upon the easy- going nobleman and throttle him. But he controls himself by a great eSort and answers: " I will not keep you away from your dinner long, my Lord St. Aubyn; Jbut I doubt whether you wiU'have an appetite for hwhc»$ott hava hoiidlh^ to tell you." Something in the speaker's voice andmanner arrests St. Aubyn's attention. He springs to his feet and looks a( him closely. -1 " By Jovel"he ejaculates,..'.'it is Sli Jtedmond Carew! How are you 1 Pidn'tlkno.w you, I assure you, 'pon my honor." - Carew does not seat himself, but s't&nds;, tall, dark and determined. i "Lord St, Aubyn," he begins, in' clear, measured tones, " I have been here twiio before to-day and failed to see you. tfbring you strange news, my lord—though upon tny life, I can't understand why youljjd hot! heard it long ago, St. Aubyn grows pale and moves.,UBE&sily.; He is thinking of Aberdudno Lodge,=-aiid the horrible secret shot tip there." Cap this scowling Indian officer know aught of that? ': • :•: • "Well, why don't you speak oat?";he says, impatiently. " What have you to say, Sir Redmond?" „ v; ' " I have just reached England, ifter a j long voyage, and have brought with: me one - of the rescued passengers of- the;;Bakio., Has your lordship an idea who (hie pas-= sengeris?" " St. Aubyn stares at him stupidly. : < " Why, no—of course I have not/' -ho re-'; sponds. " I was not even awaif tha^a eingle" passenger was saved." h ' • - " You took but little trouble to leirn, my lord, it seems," continues SirVRsdraond,- Eeverely. " It is a mystery that oi the' letters, sent to inform yo-j of ths faot that' your wile, Lady St. Au'ayn, was oneof those; rescued passengers, should have reaebed you.' Or did they reach you, my lord ? /And did : yaa see fit to ignore and disbelieve! ^' 3 — in your indecent haste to o3jh£racl marriage ?" All this bitter" sarcasm ia lost Aubyn. . He has : -caught only t : " your wife," and he standB staring! at the indignant soldier-. "- './ .... The baronet .waits, .a sscondif b&i; bis lordship-makes no .jrejoly,'Mji. again.- '' Perhaps you do not care to Ihear] truth now, my lord," he says,,;" b I force it upon you. - lam here to ie l yoi your wife lives, is now in Lond in,^B^LfiB ignorant of your recent marriage ' " Good heavens 1 Whatjs it yop Say^fy wife alive, and in L n lonl You don't mete* Bsss?" - ".".••' - ••' | ,i ; .^V 1 ' " Yes, my lord—I mean the Marchionesa of St. Aubyn." , •'';."• •'.' •.-).' -^V-'V Tbe baronet's soul is. in a storjny. tumult;, but he keeps his. face and voice calm "and cool. : 5. v -• -.. "Bess 1 Bess alive !" isprats St. -Aubyn, while a great fl ish of joy lights "bp his face. " Poor little Bess! Where'isiheS Let.-me go to-her this instant. Where i^tte.tijare'w ? Eor mercy's rake, let us be quick'!? y > Sir Redmond meets him cool smile. . - '• '•• - ' " I am Bt your service, my iord^' be replies. "We will go ajt orco-^^a^jmust remind you that your wife palySftwched England to-day, and knows nothing-si ycnr late marriage with Lady'- Cassandra Lander." . The utterance of Cassandra's ii^jfle recalls St. Aubyn to his senses. He puts^his hand to hi3 head, and staggers baak^guhet the wall like a man who has been shoi," " A faint cry issues from an atljoimng room; the side door opens, and CaBstijld^; glides in. She goes straight to St. Aubyn'J fiidc, and twines he arms about him. . --i . " Oh, my love, my husband,"stfr^inrmurs, with her lips close to his face, " let as go, aod never return to England agattrl .Come while there is time, my lbve. ^ SUe can have her child, my dearest husband !" He throws her trojn hini ahnostzudely. "But I will seeherl"ie <u5ed with fierce vehemence. " She is my vrife^-Ttpt yon. You knew she was alive, aafi yoti^l^tare kept it from me, and lured me W mg yon Out of my sigit 1 I never to see yon again." -• . .. -. -.,. ••""'; She stands; ^ghafiigp , Mb, «very. cruel, unmanly -«rd*4. -ir dagger- thrust. 1 ^tt'ii b)tnanfi-jhe .creeps ftorops ihe"xcfr il.the ofen S". Autvyn eatcht s o-ratih the etrcet. ollows l:iu\ his hot, and rushes Sir Redmond Carew In silence, through the windy darkness, hey iriaka their way to Mr. Markham's esidence. Carew puts out lm hand to ring be bell, " Stop I" shoutB St. Aubyn, in a hoarse votes. " I cannot see her I I cannot face this disgrace 1 I shall leave England, and let them fight it out as they can." And before the astonished soldier can utter a word, bis lordsbip is gone. He calls a cab, and through the streets hs drives towards the Victoria railway station, where he finds a train is just going out. He takes a ticket, and steams away, leaving London, with all its twinkling lights, far behind. A couple of hours later sees him on board the mail steamer bound for France, flying, like the selfish coward he is, from the wrong acd shame behind him. The dawn creeps through the closed shutters into Cassandra's silent chamber. There she lies, in her lace and jewels, this proud daughter of an earl, prone upon her face, her white hands clenohed, her eyeB white and glassy, ber face cold and set in death. On the table near by stands a tiny phial, in which a few drops of a pungent, colorless liquid yet remain. And thus, when the day grows and the home is astir, they find her dead—dead by her own band 1" CHAPTER XXXIV. JOSIE'S ADVEKIDEK. " Captain Sir Redmond Carew stands upon the steps, his hand on the bell-knob. How can he-go in and face poo?Bs3s, waiting and hungering for a sight of her husband? How shall he break the terrible news to her? It is the hardest trial of all the brave soldier's life, but he knows it must be done. He rings the bell with a dull ache at his heart. The door opens instantly, and behind the servant who admits him he sees Bess herself, her wan little face all aglow with expectant joy. She rushes forward and oatobes his hand. " Oh, Redmond, where is my husband Z— and where is my child?" He takes her hand and leads her back into the drawing-room. " Sit down, Bess," he says, tenderly, " and when you are calm I have something o tell you." A sudden terror leaps into ber eyes, and er lips begin to quiver. "Whatis itf"she falters. "What has happened ? Who is dead 1 My ohild ?" Sir Redmond sits beside ber and takes both her hands in his, ' -" Look at me, Bess," he says, " and see what & brave, ttrong little woman you can be. No one is dead. Your child is alive and so is Lord St. Aubyn.'/ She craws & long bieath of relief and looks up at himwith-.tho old smile returning to her eoit eyes. "Thank Heaven," eho murmurs. "It they are both alive nothing very dreadful cap have happened.- What is it, Redmond 7 Is Lord Si. AubTn absent from England i He must be, or he would have come to me. Y-oa have sent for him, ot ooursc, snd hs vrill soon bs iiere? Tell me all ^bout it, please." The captain-looks at her in infinite'pity. How can he tell hat? He starts'to his le"ot, v and thoughtluily^paces up and. down theaoom. - . - . \ -- r- Bess watches him with a nameless -fear creeping jto her. face.- She rises and follows him, aad'clides her little hand into his. Redmond, dear friend," she whispers, hag happened; I see it me ji anything is belter tin wheels round and faces her. \\."Bess,'.' he replies snddenly, "Lord"St. itibyn is married again." - Sha "looks at him in a dull, uccompre- Seadis'g way. ; ""'MaMied I" she repeats. "Why, Redmond, what can you mean ?" " He thought you were dead, BeB3," continues the'eaptain, desperately," and he has married Lady Cassandra Lauder." .. 1 ' Married I MyTjaby's father marriedl" ' . Her whitening lips frame the words, but give forth co no sound. The" color drifts feiowty from brow and cheek, and she drop3 like a blighted lily at the soldier's feet. " ' He stoops aud raises her in hiB arms fust as Mrs. Msrkbam enters. \- 7 : There she is," he says, as ho lays Bess on the sofa. " I have told her and it has 'killed her. That villain ehall answer for her murder. I'll go and find him now." '.He is striding from the room/with a determined face, but his old friend follows -him. " Stop, Redmond Carew," she says; " reidain where you are. II Lord St. Aubyn chooses to marry a new wife every -week, you ar9.not oalled upon tp interfere. The law will look to ium.; Stay where you are, and help the poor girl; she is merely in a faint." He returns in sullen silence, and they set about reviving poOr-Bess. Tho task is a hard one. She lies for hours in a deathlike swoon, and it ia not until after a surgeon .'has been called in - that they sueoeed in restoring any signs of animation. -the he'otic red flutters back to .her \- tii,- - ..icj t^r- eyes open with a [stare; edl'Ji .by?6 lathB*.-ii*aifdeaJ'? . Ing whispe'r;?^ • ;" ^Mre^M|»^3>i®^enda over her, stroking it so dead, you .h.^^^M;- they forget .jcps-jM)" ' " 'i ^^elSfewri'y^^d witS^itter ifierceifiSliga'attofi,''.'."".'i : '.ri-'"-. - -"r*:";:.'" '•^^Datfti cw s'ojjjje says at Jast; he" glnd villain 1" " - startledjeyes.,.:, ^ "^q.-IK^ppond^shejntei^ses.hurrtedl^ r wijl nS{hfiar you oondemh him. Lord St^ to blame. How should be kpo^hMi»5B]d oon^bBck,from the dead ? -HiTl^ir-a tnarry Lady,"Cassandra. Y¥n Kh6w,-B^hipnd, -they loved-each other loai l^ore-fee iiar^ais met nae." Mr a .Markhatusregard a herwithunfeigned -ama: " Bat,in^oSp^r? , --Bhe says, ';Lord„8t. An^yn will'havi|te|Sft:e yon -back, of "course, whenielearhB^thaV^MU are alive." . Bui'Be'ss shak^^y&head; sadly. " Ishall nsver ;coiip3>etween them again," Bhe says. " But l^uy have my child." "You Bhall have^mm, Bess, I promise you."- - : " But'did Lord-St. Aubyn say so? Did you see him; Bsdmond ? You have not told me yet. Does he know that I still live?" ." Yes, he knowB it, Bess." "Rgdmond," she asks, in a low voice, " what did he say ? Did be Beem glad or sorry?" The captain Bhuts his teeth hard; his agony through all this trying scene is greater than anything the forsaken wife feels. " I think he was glad, Bess," he answers truthfully, " when I first told him. He looked glad, I thought. But it places him in a bad position, you see. I—I think he will leave England." Her lips quiver again, but she daeheBthe tears frontier eyes, "Yes, of course, he will leave England, and talie Cassie with him. I can expect nothing else—though he did love me,- Bed. mnnil;' Ha used to pet me so, and calttne ^ little mother.' I -wish I could.see him snd tell j^m howl feel. I dqn't blAtnehim}: I hope he will be very happy— ho and Lsdy Cassandra. I shall never lift my finger to da lbs in harm • but I must have my child." ' Yes, you shall have your child, Bees." On this'same February afternoon the late train which entered the small town nearest to Aberdudno Lodge put down a solitary pssgenger—a little maiden, closely wrapped and hooded, and carrying a email valise in her hand. She stands an instant on tbe wet comfortless platform, looking with keen bright eyes; then, gathering her wind-tossed cloak more closely, she makes her way into the heart of the dreary little town. A public- house with the image oi the brazen Hon on its swaying sign attrsots her notice, and Bhe walks briskly up the weather-beaten steps and in at the open door. " Well, miBsie," says the landlord, struggling briskly to his dumpy legs, " what can I do for you ?" " I wish to know in what direotion I can find Aberdudno Lodge," replies the little maid, speaking in broken English. " Aberdudno Lodge I" be repeats, emerging from behind hiB bar. " Well, my pretty miss, if you'll just step out I'll show yon the old place. You oan see it 'plainly enough. And a regular old ghost nest it is." He makes hiB way to tbe door and JoBie— for it is she—follows him. "That's the place, my dear," he says, pointing one stubby fin gar towards a huge black pile jon the summit of a sea-washed clifi. Josie looks at the grim old structure with bright and fearless eyes. . " Now, can you get me a carriage m drive up there?" shs asks presently. Tbe landlord expresses his astonishment in a prolonged whistle. " Why, what does it mean?" he says—"so many pretty-faced women-folks going cp there. What does it mean?—that's what I want to know. It was only two days ago that another lass was here after a conveyance up to Aberdudno. I sent her up and that was the last of it"; she did not come baok. Maybe Bluebeard lives op there in them black turrets. Who knows? No, indeed, my dear, I can't think of suoh a thing as sending yon to that old ghost-trap at thiB hour; you can stay here at the Golden Lion to-night if yon like, and I may manage it in the morning." He puts out his fat hand to pat the girl's shoulder. She draws baok with flashing eyes, and almost falls into the arms of a yonng gentleman who has just oome np the steps. "Why, Dobbs, my good fellow, what's this?" demands the new-comer, before Josic recovers her breath sufficiently to speck. The dumpy landlord turns round in evident consternation,- ' " Ah,it's you, Sir Arthur, is it!" he cries, in an apologetic voice. "Had .no thought of seeing you back so noon. Glad to see you, though, Sir Arthur. There's a good fire in the parlor. Come in, sir,please." ( • Mr. Dobb3 ignores the pretty,' indignant damsel altogether, cnd directs his attention solely to Sir Arthur, as be has been oaUed ; but Sir Arthur himself looks towards her with admiringglacctS.- " I beg your pardon,'' he ventures to say, after some hesitation ; "hut if I can be Of any service to you, it will give me pleasure. 1 * Josie gives Sir Arthur one ewift, jharp look, and sbe srea at a glanoe-tbat the man before'her ia - a geptlemany She makes a quaint curtesy, tbat strikes theyonng baronet as being grace itself.' " 1 thank you, monsieur," she replies. " I stopped here to mako inquiries about Aber dudno Lodge. 1 would.be glad if I couldget a carriage to take me to the plaoe. That's it, 1 belieye, on the olifiE there ?" ThG lindlord makes an attempt to speak, hut ehe silences him with a tglanoe ot her blazing eyes; and Sir Arthur, inwardly thinking that he never saw such eyes before, makes aisswex : ~ "That IB Aberdudno Lodge, and a dreary old placeit i8. Surely you have no thought of going jthc-re to-night ?" Josie hesitates a minute, glancing out into the misty fgloom. "I did think.of it." she answered, half to herself and half to Sir Arthur. "My dear young lady," says the gentleman, earnestly, " l»>t me persuade yon to give over soch a purpoee. Ynu have no idea what a steep, slippery road it is, or what a ghostly old pile the lo^ee is'when yon arrive there. [ was there yesterday myself. The old lodge is falling into rninB, and iB quite deserted^' It seems a pity, for it is a grand old structure, dating back to the days of the NormariB.- I wonder at Lord St. Aubyn's neglect." "It is quite deserted, yon say7" repeats josie. " Quite. Left to'tbe mercy of the bata and owls, and the ghosts, so the country folk about here have it." . V Not for suoh a long time, though, Sir Arthur," puts in the landlord. "An old man lived there until—let's see—Monday— yes, it was Monday the lady got here, andshe tooicbimaway." '•Indeed!" responds Sir Arthur. " I was not aware the old place bad been inhabited for years." " YBB, Sir Arthur," continues Mr. Dobbs, eagerly, " the old man has lived here for years—one of Lord St. Aubyn's servants, I think. The old chap never let on what he was—mum as a mouse. He came down once in a while for wine; but the lady came, and I sent her np there and Bhe didn't come back. She sent word by the lad as Bhe fmeant to stay all night, and take the old inan away with her next morning. He being "her father, I suppose she did, Sir Arthur, as we've not clapped eyeB on the old 'on since." HiAnd you have never heard of any other persons being seen at the lodge V' asks Josie, her syeB full of ieverish interest. \- .'^Wer a soul, miss," he replies, cheerfully "only^when Lord St. Aubyn osme once with his sick wife, and that was yearB ago." Josie^athers up her cloak, and looks dubiqUfil^ out into the gloomy afternoon. ^' If ybO; have a great desirs to see the old plaoe <" pntB in Sir Arthur, politely, "and would like torgo up to morrow, my dogcart Is here, and my man is at your service." \- " Thank you, sir," replies Josie, after a moment's thought, "bat since I find_the place deserted, I may change my mind. I will not put you to further trouble. Goodday." \- She trips away, and the two men look :after her with admiring eyes. "She don't belong to theBe part," remarks the-landlord. . ;{3ir Arthw says nothing, but his face betrays his curiosity and interest. He Btands irresolute an inBtant, and then strides down tbe steps. "You are not going, Sir Arthur?" 1 questions Dobbs. "Yes," reBpondR the baronet. "I'll be back in an hour. Keep my dinner hot." He walks ranidly away, in the same direction in which Josie ha3 just disappeared—a circumstance which elicrtB a shrewd wink and shrug ot the shoulders from the landlord, as he makes his way back to tbe inn. Meanwhile Sir Arthur pursues his walk, and in a very few minutes comes in sight of Josie. Sbe is in tbe main street which runs through the town, and whiah commands a fine view of the headlands and of Aberdudno Lodge. She walks on briskly for some time, and Sir Arthur folio ws, keeping her in sight. ' " Now, I should like to know," he thinks, " who she is, and what she wants at each a place aa Aberdudno V' : .y.' . \- He Blackens hia pace, lor Josie li^rfiu^uA in her brisk walk and standB irreadlii^ Sntf.; her eyes fixed upon the old lodge, space of a moment she lingers, then*$ holdly out into the sandy cliS road win ^lyardslo tbelodge pn the summits; To iilantituied^ . % p a c 