BREirmic A * ? ? ? ♦ ? — . ' Two children, aged respectively 4 and 6 years, named Joseph and Bose G-urney, yesterday upset some boiling water over themselves at their parents' residence, in' Victoria-street, Paddinpton, and were severely scalded. They were, taken to Prince Alfred Hospital, and are progressing favorably. A man named Edwin Stewart, residing: at Bal main, was thrown from his horse while riding along Paleon-street, North Sydney, yesterday evening. He was removed to the North Sydney Hospital in an unconscious condition, suffering from concussion ef the brain. The story of ' Fisher's Ghost,' as taken from the official records, and as contrasted with the fictional story, will appear in the New Tear's number of the Town and Country Jottrnai,. A trap accident occurred near Eudunda (S.A.), on Monday, resulting in the death of Mrs. Stasinowasky, wife of a farmer, and the infant daughter of Mrs. Homann. Mrs. Homann was severely injured. Dr. Crowther, of Hobart, who was arrested at Colombo, on a charge of having performed an illegal operation, arrived at Adelaide on Novem ber 3 under the name of Jones. He afterwards changed it to Campbell, in' which name he left Adelaide by the R.KLS. Arcadia on December 9. Commemoration Day was celebrated in Adelaide on Monday. The chief attraction was at Glenelg, where thousands of people attended the aquatic and land sports. The first sitting of the Mining Conference was held at Herberton (Q.) on Monday. The Mineral Lands Act was discussed, and suggested amend ments are to be forwarded to the Minister for Mines. The first wheat of the season, consisting of over 1000 bags, was delivered at the Young Roller Mill on Monday, and was sold at 4s 5d per bushel. An auctioneer named Lawrence Levy has been missing: from his home in Carlton (Vic.) since Boxing night. The death is announced in Melbourne of Mr. Godfrey Morgan, aged 55, proprietor of the Donald Times. Influenza has reappeared at Gunnedah. A telegram from Cairns (Q.) states that a reef discovered by Andrew Jameson on the Upper Mulgrave is causing much speculation. Shearing is still proceeding in the Crookwell district. L'arge quantities of wool pass through the town daily. Human remains were found in sand last Satur day two miles below Queanbeyan. The remains were subsequently identified as those of Michael Cummins, who has been missing since the flood of July last. A verdict of found drowned was re turned at the inquest. The Chilled Meat Co. at Tenterfield expect to have the works completed in about three weeks. Bishop Camidge confirmed 81 candidates at St. John's Church of England, Mudgee, on Satur day, i Stripping has been carried on in the Temora district. The average is likely to be 15 to 20 bushels. It is believed that tenders for the railway from Cootamundra to Temora will be called for shortly. On Christmas Eve a man named Augustus E. Key shot himself with a revolver. The body was found in a dry gully at the back of the Ipswich Waterworks, off the Waterworks-road (Q.), lite rally covored with ants. The reservoir which supplies the township of Charlton (Vic:) with water ran out on Christmas Eve. A water famine is threatened. A laborer named Michael Lane met with a painful accident in the railway cutting near South Tarra Station (Vic.) ©n Monday. He was loading a truck with earth, and slipped on the line in front of a moving truck, and the wheels passed over his legs, inflicting serious injuries. There was a frost at Braidwood on Boxing Day morning'. A sad case of suicide occurred at Narrandera yesterday. Mr. A. S. Podmore, well known there, and also about Goulburn and Wentworth, took strychnine, and died within an hour. The revenue of the colony of Fiji for 1892 is estimated at .£6S,195, and the expenditure at £67,475. A large piece of iron was on Sunday afternoon found, bound by wire to one of the rails of the railway line between Oatley and Ponshurst. The discovery was made by the engine-driver of the 5.10 p.m. train, and he reported the matter, to Hurstville. Ths obstruction was removed. James Thorman, an old identity of Braidwood district, was found dead in his bed on Saturday niuht. The coroner held an inquest before 12 o'clock the same night so as to avoid holding ono on Sunday. The verdict was one of death from sanguineous apoplexy. The New Year's issue of the Town and Country Journal for Saturday, January 2, will contain, among illustrations of the recent cavalry tournament at Eosehill, pictures of 'The Maitland Troop of Cavalry' (winners of the prize for sword exercise), of the Parramatta Cadets (as cavalry troop and winners of Sword v. Sword contest), and of Scottish Kifies (winners of manual and firing exercises and bayonet review exercises). Commu nication with thf- officers commanding these corps may produce orders for papers. The Town and Country Journal will be the only paper, there ie reason to believe, which will contain the above pictures. There were 38,864 tram tickets collected on the Newcastle-Plartsburg line on Boxing Day. This, was an increase of 1172 on those collected the tame day last year. Very warm weather is being experienced at Toinora, the glass registering from 102 to 105 degrees in the Bhade. A telegram from Newcastle states that the Water Police have been busily engaged dragging for the body of Wm. Grills, who was drowned by the overturning of a boat at Lake Macquarie on Friday evening, but so far without success. The exact spot at which the boat overturned has not been ascertained, so that the officers may not succeed until the body makes its way to the sur face. 