OUR STORY. THE GREF 2JTOT. OF BIRSTOlfE. (Concluded from <rur last isstit.). ' Chafteb HZ. The following day only contained three incidents worth recording. The first (I take them in order of date, not import ance) was that I got up with the sun and went downstairs to the drawing-room to let Mrs. Johns' niece out of the ottoman, and besiow<a fatherly scolding on her for her folly. I didn't let her oat, or give her the scolding, for the reason that she was not there. The door was locked, the windo.WB barred; but the room was empty, and the ottoman fall—fall of old music books. I went back to my room, equally puzzled and disgusted. Incident number two was even more trivial, but had a ludicrous Bide to it. Go ing to the back of the house to had Bevao I nearly, ran against a great hulking girl of sixteen, who stumbled out of my way, kicking over a pail of water in doing to with her clumsy, ill-shod feet, and then stood staring in round-eyed griminess till I had gone past. I asked Bevan.who the young savage was, and was told— "Mrs. Johns' niece, sir; her as comes to help her aunt every day." , | Ah! well, it was something to be thank ful for that I had notsaid anything of last night's myBtery. To have questioned whether those broad and sooty fingers had produced that weirdly delicate melody of the previous evening would have been too monstrous. Incident number three was my meeting, about a mile from Birstone, and as I was returning from a lengthy tramp inland, the loveliest woman I have ever yet Been. She was going in the same direction as myself, and, just as I came up with her, had met with a rather awkward accident. Her arms were full of parcels, and instep ping over some inequality in the ground one of them slipped from her hold, the paper broke, and the contents, a quantity of biscuits, were strewn over the.path. Naturally enough I stopped at once and began picking them up for her; and. she j thanked me as naturally, and with a voice ; and manner so sweet and full of frank and gracious dignity , a8, in that ont-of-the-way part, surpriseSfme as muchas did the pare and perfect beauty of her, face. -And yet her clothes were poor and shabby in the extreme, and her beautiful, heavy-laden hands were bare and gloveless. Wonder- j ing who she could be, and only eager to j look, a little longer at her loveliness, I begged to be allowed to carry the treach erous parcel for her; adding, with the j foolish idea of introducing myself, that if J she were going to Birstone onr roads ware the same, as Birstone Manor was my home j at the present time, and I was on my way there. Alas 1 it seemed as if I had better have i said anything else. Like the fishermen at growlarcT and repellant the moment the words Bir stone Manor passed my lips. Like the I fishermen at ^ge Cove, she stared at me J with a mingling of curiosity aud dislike, wholly inexplicable and unpleasant. Her ' lips quivered, her face flushed, and declin ing my offer with thanks as brief- as courtesy wonld permit, she took the parcel | from me, aud turned off at a sharp angle across the heath, leaving me—well, with j the.feeling of being about as thoroughly j snubbed as ever a man was. | And yet what had I done to deserve it ? j I walked home in anythingbataChristian ] mood. That evening and the next passed quietly enough. There was no music, not I a single note, though I had left both the j drawing-room and library doors ajar, so as ' to be ready to pop out at the slightest | sound; and the only event worth noticing was that on the second day dinner was not so well served as usual. The " grey j nun" had appeared again. Mrs. Johns'1 niece had seen it in the shrubbery the evening before, and had refused to stay after sundowd? in consequence. Bevan ' said Mrs. Jenns was very rnnch put out abont it, and further observed that the Manor did seem rather a " gashly sort o* place)"'' he'd never heard so many queer noises in any house before. " Bevah," said I, " if you or Mrs. Johns' niece can show that nun to me, I'll give either of you a £5 note .on the spot." That night I went to bed and slept soundly as usual; for how long, I don't know, or what woke me. All I can say is that I did wake with a start, -which brought me sitting upright in bed, and with the consciousness fall on me, though why or how I-ooald not have! told, that some one was in the room with me! There was no sound. All around was dark and still; and jet—no ! What was that dim shadowy form which seemed evolving it self, as it were, out of the blackness at the foot of the bed into the misty Bemblance ' of a woman swathed in grey cloud-like drapery, which now hid, now revealed, a white ghostly face, and anon parting, be came arms, which pointed solemnly to wards me, and then wrung themselves as in despair above the head. Twice it did this, and then, as it glided backwards, I sprang oat of bed, setmy back against the door, ami said— " Now, then, stand where you are till I see yon, for I've a revolver in my hand here, and if you move I'll fire." Even while speaking I stooped to strike: a match from the box at my bedside. It was the work of an instant; hat that in stant was enough. . When I looked up the ghost had disappeared 1 Had disappeared, but not in silence. A faint smothered cry,, and a sound as of something falling down, down, through the walls and floor had followed it, and: darting to the corner of the room from whence it seemed to proceed, my -eye fell; on a long wisp of grey gauze -protruding. from a tiny crack in the panelling of the. wall. The secret was out! In Mother second I had thrust the panel, a gliding one, on one side, and was gazing, light in hand, down a steep iron ladder, which evidently communicated with a similar panel in the side of the library chimney piece, and at the foot of .which, white and senseless, and still entangled in the treacherous grey wrapping which had caused her fall, lay huddled up beneath me the beautiful giriwhose proud and perfect face had haunted me ever since y««nU,v # ■ # , , J'm only a hard-headed, blundering fellow in general, and my firej;. impnlse was.to shont oat and call for assistance ; bat fortunately in that moment, wisdom came to me, and taught me that no, eyes bat friendly and reverent ones muBfc rest on that helpless figure in its present con dition. Mrs. Johns was probably in the secret. Mis. Johns might be -trusted; but certainly not my free-tongued, gossip ing man; and only waiting to throw on some garments I descended the. ladder, and having sought for and found the but ton of the panel whioh gave admittance to the library, I gently lifted the 'uncon scious figure, carried it into the room, and laid it on a couch there. My heart beat fast as I did so, and I felt my own face flush as I allowed that sweet pale one to slide on to the pillow from my support ing arms; but I did not linger a moment to gaze upon it; and.my own prayer_Kas_ that she might not know that I had .seen her; that those lovely eyes might not open to consciousness until I had time to remove myself out of- sight and. send the old housekeeper to- her..' A .man .must have been the veriest cad who could have wished otherwise. # * * * * * And yet you'd have thought I was the Archangel of Judgment at least, if you bad -seen—poor . Mrs.. Johns some hours later as, trembling, weeping, and only prevented by force from kneeling- to my feet, she poured out a fall confession of the masquerade by which it had -been hoped I would be driven from the. house. After all, it was a very simple story; only the old one of a daughter's devotion. Mr. Seaton had not really died in the asylum to which he had been driven by the villainy of old Se&tanck;, who had first cheated and then ruined him. He had escaped, and made his way secretly to Birstone Cove, where he took up his abode in a fisherman's ,hut, and had a rooted determinatiba to born and destroy the home of his forefathers rather than allow Searanck or any interloper to settle down in it. His daughter had joined him in his retreat; and possibly it may be thought that, nnder the circumstances, her duty was to return him to the asylum whence he had fled; but he was not ouly her father, and a father who trusted in her as the one comfort left to him in life, he was, as she well knew, smitten with a mortal disease which must -end that life within a year or two at most, and which, under any great excitement, would-pro bably bring it to a sudden termination at a moment's notice. It was to avoid the risk of this, to save him from the act he contemplated, and finable him to pass TuS Tew remiaialBg dlsya'-W-sucb peace as she could procure for him, that she hit on the girlish-plan of frightening away in tending tenants by reviving the old atory^ of the Nun of Birstone, and aiding it by noises and appearances easy enough to contrive in sn old house ' which—the Seatons were a Catholic family—had been rebuilt in the latter years Of Elizabeth, and with a special view to the safe hiding of priests and recusants in thes^.grim old days when any illegal worship was pun ished by the most sanguinary vigour of the law. With thisend secret chambers had been formed behind the fireplaces-in each sit ting room, peep-holes pierced in the carved ornaiients, and secret galleries contrived behind the panelling so as tb connect the principal apartments with an nnder-ground tunnel leading through the shrubbery to the cliffs; and it was by means of these that Miss Seaton bad suc cessfully carried out her plan until the accident which, through her haste to es cape, caused her a cruelly- wpenchedknee and cast her at my mercy. J i, ?oor girl; Mrs. Johns had not long to\ntreat for it. Charles Seaton died Some six months latter; hut his last breath was drawn peacefully and happily in his old home ; and his daughter lives there still Nay, even as 1 write this her beautiful face, more beautiful than ever to me, is bent over my shoulder, and her voice says coaxingly, hilt" with a sort of petulance withal— "Only, Jack, you never will tell me how it was that my spirit-music ^didn't frighten you at all, that ,-you looked on it as a trick all along." \ ^ " Ah ! if I told you that ! Should make you angry." ■ "Angry! No, indeed. How could you!" and the fair cheek touches mine. " Very well; give me your baud, then, that I may know yon to keep your word. It was—oh! my Bweet, foolish little wife —because the Nun of'Birstone died in the fifteenth century, and pianos were not invented then; nor had that little Ger man song been even composed or dreamt of." 