When Rider Haggard, first bsthought A novel by sensation fraught, Be chose on " She" a syreu. famed, For centuries twenty she had claimed; Though, she pertains to gentle sex Xo credit *' She" thereon reflex. Queen of the region and the laws. Her counsel great though made by Ha « s. Sculptured her throne amid the tombs Where mummies spent their sickly fumes, Silenced her slaves, one member less, Speechless throughout not tongue possess ; Brute homage she required from a'l, Her subjects in her presence crawl, Afar or near her name a dread, A sword o'er each defenceless head. The traitress first her lover slew, For love he did another shew, But soon his sweet Egyptian bride A eon gave birth 5 who on his side fr ucli likeness of his father bore That "She" her lover claimed once more; Her Kilakrates arose again And vowed she too his love obtain. Most gracefully her veil is drawn Wrapped limbs as supple as a fawn, The sweetest eyes peeped from the screen, The most of her that man had seen ; ICer movements not unlike a ghost, Thus Job declaims and fears the most, Poor Menial dreads life's shortened span By process of the singing pan. Young Kilatrates for beauty famed, His ugly friend, a genius claimed, Though beauty, wisdom here combine, Both made to bow at beauty's shrine ; The twain for years true fsiends liad reigned For love of " She" were now 0i&8«ged, The cunning " She" herpowrer knew well, And o'er baboojM&c; cast her spelL ~TrJ?hc' as is usual with her sex Let naught the twain her mind perplex, The lover's beauty was desired, The logic of his friend admired ; Wise Baboon, faults his ugly face, In Ivilakrates new beauties trace, E'en smiting of the serving maid Failed admiration to jH'rvade. " She's beauty traced by Haggard's pen, Would turn the heads of most of men, Xct enshrouded 'neath that beauty find A selfish heart, a cruel mind; So pity either sex obtained. One object self in all she framed. Predominant iu her last desire pass her lover through the fire. Yet hard and cruel was her fete, To be shrivelled up into an ape. Small wonder that the cruel blow Hatli turned the lover's hair to snow; The lire he leaves a sadder man, Ah, hope a wiser if we can, The cave that holds that lasting fire Holds now her bones with man of hire. At outset of this great romance. Where human, round d ad mummies dance, A mystery each page prevades And peruser thus himself persuades : As on and on he further reads A light will break to help liis needs, Alas the gist 'tis hard to find. Great" She " a puzzle to his mind, headers, find mysteries to unravel. As Africa's wilds with " She " they travel. 8.L. 