WR0DÇS3! Bt HERSELF. CHAPTER IV.—Continued. ' He wants a hundred pounds. I gaVe him all I had, and tliat isn't much ; you know I keep father.' ' Yes, ,1 know." 'And father is father. I must stand by father he's my all.' ; Yes, he's your all, the same as mine is myall,' sighed Janet, thinking of him whom she had left ^vith those first stern words he had ever utjtered still ringing in her ears—thinking of Algernon Pord. ' A hundred pounds he said he wanted, or ' 'Or what, Lizzie '' for thegirl shivered, and looked this way and that. ' Nothing, miss, dear. . He sails tonight.' 1 • ' Sails ! Ts he a sailor ?' ' Yes, miss, something like, I think. She rose as if to leave the room. ' You'll not mention this, let iwhat will happen ? She cowered with clasped hands. ' I promise not to mention it.' So she gave her rash promise. And, Lizzie, my father is angry with me,' whispered her young mistress, her eyes growing misty with tears. ' Angry, miss ! Why f Ah, she half divined why, noting the flush which dyed her beautiful face. ' About Mr. Ford. 1 ' Oh, ruiss, is it come to that f cried the girl. I ' To what T \ ' Oh, miss, 1 twill be trouble npon trouble ! I know 'twill, for Ijseed a white mouse ; as I come in, and that's a.sure sigh of; trouble, and ofteLtimes death.' But i what difference can a iwliite mouse make in our Jives ?' asked Janet, with the ghost of a «mile. * Ay,, tnîsa, ,ï «jsli we knew wliat" With Ithia Lizzie lell the i room, and Janet, biddjng j her not io attend her farther,'Tgat "Jar înto'j.il'he^iïg'h^ iij'-ising onliérbeaatiFul lofe-^reanï^syfaicll »Va£ eveTJto i>e a^Aream .; not » ïejdityiÀ be lireà and ^ojed «rer. CHAjPTER.jV. GOLDEN afternoon without ; sombre gloom and silence within!, in the dim old .gallery, where those two who had spent those sweet fast-fleeting three weeks or so together jwere ispénding their last b;iet moments there: J ! Thomas Wilderingr, haughtily unbending in his courteous angfr, his daughter by his side, a sweet white d° v(> maidenly reserve. |She may not give sigh or tear ; her tell-tale colour^ would sweep, once and again, over her pals face, fitting there before him; who was to vanish from her path ere Sunset—to whom her girlish soul went out jas with intense craving. Algernon Ford's face was pale and haggard ; but i for him there would not have been this humiliating parting, this pain, this disgrace; He might have gone out, as from a paradise, with his hopeless love upon him ; but she, this innocent l^igh-born girl, whom lié had found a child, she would have been I at peace—love, mayhap; never dreamt of jhy her ; ; and if so, a mere passing! fancy—a nothing. Was this the import of his thoughts, as he sat painting on,' dark shadows flitting over his idusky j southern face, where so much lay|dormant that could set his soul ablaze forjgood or for evil ! It was ended at last ; thi; golden glories from the coloured 1 \vi»dow had vanished from vfrall and floor, all was grey and sombre there,-»' deeper silence fell. : Janet clang to her father's arm, expecting nothing, : hoping nothing ; no last words—nay, hot even the hand clasp of ordinary acquaintanceship would be accorded her. ' Here, Mr. Ford, is the recompense of a broken compact—you | have been but a marplot here, attempting much, achieving little ; and now I bid yon a long goodbye.' | | So spoke Mr. Wildering, haughtily and stiffly, offering the jyoung artist a sealed envelope, ab he gathered 1rs things together in preparation to leave. ' You Will find refreshments in the library below,' he west on, in stately calm ness : ' and some time thfs evening, vou will have the goodness i to leave the house:',/ j ! But Algernon Fordcould be as haughty as Jie, . , ; ; , . i ; ' Nay, sir,' said he, with a gesture of his hand, waving jback what he proffered ,him ; 'since you dismiss mb as a marplot who has achieved nothing, jl will take no recompense as you term it. | Your behest shall be complied with. I leave the Hermitage at sundown.' I One glance he gave poor Janet—a glance that would live in her heart for ever, come weal, come woe. i He spoke no word, nor did she ; and so! they parted. ' Miss Janet, Miss Janet dear ! Lizzie was knocking at her mistress's chamber door an hour hence. 1 Mrs. Lenton is here to fit vour| dress—won't vou let me in?' - | : Ay, Mrs. Lenton, the pale-faced widow, thongh a clever dress-maker, who came and went, and did this and that for the young heiress—that Beautiful proud, petted girl, who paid lier so royally and well, shajlj corue ti> -fit the jrir-rs birtlid.iy robe, in which'she was to appear at her first real party, lier first ball. The house was astir already, making preparations for tlife festal 'gathering. It was but the d;iv after to-monvnv, but what of that ? ' . ' • ! ' | Kind-hearted j.Janet opened the door w ; she must mot be splfish and waste other people's valuable time, though her sun had gone down thus early in life's dav, her lover going out in disgrace at sundown. Yes, she may come in," said she, and, like one in a dream, put 6ft'her dress and wert through the ordeal. What was the pretty, shimmering, white Indian muslin to her ! What endless talk of lace, flowers s^nd style 1 She let the woman do and have her will in the matter, and,|when it'was over, it was time to dress for dinnef-. One dainty white gown for another, that was all ; she would ha- vje.none/ of „ ^Lizzie's help, she pettishly told her,;but wonld fain be alone —so she left her. She may not absent ^îerself from the dinner-table ; she must be and act before her father as if aU had not happened ; just his little Janet,1 'with no lover getting ready to depart from yonder turret chamber at sundown. | And she had no lover,she told herself, her poor little heart acting as it had never ached before, sitting through the tedious length of the dinner. ' Janet, where) is your (talisman—your diamond broach 5' Thomas Wildering did pot sit over his wine to-night, but followed his daughter into the drawing-room : ahd this was his question as he drew her to a bowery window, and turned up her face to look into her sweet sorrowful blue ^ye.-, and give her a kiss. j Very tender was he with her to-night, his little daughter, who missed in lier girl's awakening the mother who had followed him so meekly from among her sisters. ' I ' I—T don't know, father.' Her hand sought among the lace at her throat, but it was not there. 1 Not there, my child ! ll never knew yon miss wearing it before' since. I first gave it into your keeping.' ' !No, father, no ; and I thought 1 put it on now.'i j I ' Well, go and fetch it, dear ; it, seems like drifting awa^v from your mother to be ffithout it." She obeyed. In her dressing-room s^ie found 1. setting all orderly for the night ' Lizzie,! I've forgotten juiy broach.' she said, going to lie/ dressingj-table, expecting to find it there. \ ! ' Your brooch, i what brooch ?' questioned the girl, a strange thrill in h voice. j . p ' That of diamonds and turquoises—ni y mother's broocli ; von know 1 seldom wear another.' : 'iNo, iniiss —no ; I haven't seen it.' But she never came tniher young mistress to search for it with 1 her. ':i «an't findj^t, Lizzie," v••> * iNot find -it, bliss !' I A shy jiale Vf as the xnaid now, eom tng lopva^d seemingly Ito help search for |jt. 'i ' " , < . ' : 3ffo, it .w&s; mot to be i found -, but in their seartii they came Upon something elsi in the bi.ud.-ir— sealed ii'Jle, addressed] to Miss WiMerin jjizzie found it- and gave 'it voiing mistress ITJ.1I jrrave shhke head. he made no com uent, ln)t went seafching for the lost trinket—jiv, but . d not be found. J Miss Janet, Wimist be stolen '.' came, to feer ear.-: as sheisto|id in a ilad maze ovqr iver In her brief, brief note. j '[F„ >rgive nie, Miss Wildering—forgive forget ine, and! be hapuy. Pray He iven the cruel'name your t's.ther gave tne niav have noight to do with your futjire.—A.F.' j This was all, tlicn—tliei end of all | But what was Lizzie sayingl.' '! Stolen !—who cobld have J stolen it ?' sliej asked, startled byjthe saeiell look on the! girl's face. j j Oh, Miss dear,whjit if 'twere them as have been here and gone to-night ?' 'j Uo you mean Mri. Lenton ? Have a 1 carf . ! | j But something in tpe young. Mistress's voice, betrayed that file was thinking it another. '{No Miss ; Mr. Fird.' 'j Lizzie, how dare vou. Janet's eves li a zed nation. Witli indigservants iiever £ ! Well, Miss, the him. They say : liked 'jl'll not hear what they saj- have been Mr;. Lent un. i It must .^aiiet Wildering seemed {turned into pitiless stone, her v ice harsh and hard. Lizzie was herrifiell. ! j Mrs. Lenton, miss, would i never turn thief ; aud 1 never sèe her s|:t hand on anything, and I iya= here the whole time. | i But paler and palei;givw the maid, even while defending tlie absent. ^ Lizzie, was it your scapegrace hrother whtspered her youag'lady injher ears. "j Oh, miss—mis, he. couldn't' have !' Tne girl was at htr feet, on her knees, wib'h c'asped handt a (white terror.on her facie.. ' He couldn't liave done it ; he is the high seas b_\ this time.' Well, the brondi 1 is goae, and my father must know ot' it.' Give me time to' look: fo Janet,"—poor, pale, abject g girl, it,, Miss kneeling lovf before, her. j | Get up, Lizzie, and tell | me, do v know where the broich is,' The girl rose aud burst out sobbing. | Mo, miss no ; do you ! think I'd pattners with a thief llanet looked fixedly at h(jr. f No, Lizzie ; but w;li:it do fear ?' Her voice softened. ; 1 I fear he'll be taken. Oh. my poor, po ~>r brother! Give aj dui; ja bad name an 1 hang him, is what folk | do and say. H went awav in anger, butl he'd - not do thji t. Promise not t.i snv ariythini: about liis comir, ^ . I»t wli.jt, will happen anil, oh, Mis a net.. I'd dl • for you How the rl pleaded with clasped hands, standing pale;.-is a «rliost before lirir mistress 7' j And Janet promis»-! f Y/-s, Lizzie ; I'll J keep your c e(;r>' knowing Vii>iv Inval |nn.l tjiur hitherto found her. fvVell, sea ru ll as thjv mig[i copld n.>t lie iound. Mr. Wild 'ring ram.• himself and made search. T e -''.ava'itwrjre abivi' su-pi(.-|o:il liut ar la-t tli-\\- wejre siiiuui me 1 tothj' lira «'i-i^-r.i nn. and thpv came. | S 1 It must have boe(, one «>Î" the two penpie who have comi' t | the Hermitage and gone, sad the Lrr y-fwaded huth- and thk were Mr . j Lentiiri. and Mr. FVd.' f' Aliein !' cam? from M Wild, rin j while Janet clung to his arjn ' Mrs. Lenton is a ive s :jllCli : then sir, it must, lie ih-. Kurd. irti,.. , duty wo owe to ourselves j to cl rsel ves. • t , sir. Tiiere IT:IS A buz this speech was ' .VllJ wlien folk c ree i into l.niics' mis when their bin c turned, and cp out ag. !n like •• : a thief as Mr. Ford i this ever.in t |ook black against m,' satd the int. tiuan, | •pping to the Ha ! And wild saw tins cr'eping tleman !' asked Thona in-stern heat. ! j' I did. sir,' returned tin all the importance ofj a tel 'And could you attest t(li The master's face ^rew aid CTej sir, 1 could T out.. A cat cojililu' And we :Jlwav Wilderintr, as otman, yj witness. on o.-ilh e him ha' beei tin :ht. sir. No matter what you'v<; thought. {Mr. Wildering waved [his hatid, dismissed the whole partv ' Father, lie could iieve, Have done It. pleaded Janet, wlie:i|she : id her lather stood together in the! d.irl iiing drawing- D rnoin. ' Hi'—lie caujie to i„V rnom with a note ; only 1 couldn't so In-fore them all.' ' My, dear, the dastard who could creep to a ladies' room with nates, after he had dune his best to steal [lier foolish heart, and h:id been well-nigh kicked put of the house for his insolence, were well worthy of takinig :L costly bauble to buy him bread.' How cold contempt u'pus, was hi tone. ' He never stole niy heart, I gave it to him, father.' ' A maidenly cotilfe- {iioth Mr. w • b'ring. sitting i d id writing Here, lier siipermte.n li| had 1-iin^ fi ito, the ink siil! uplin it, leu lu- eame. ' Father, what are! vrm take t.h:- matter nt of ]iolicP,' said lie, after the] Foot icii>-=? the table to dol' asked poor Janet, glidin: white ad.iw iq his side. ' i'ut fte affair into the linml - of the jj! lice,.' ; Father, for mr snke ' n't lirin.LC • liid^çrace u;)(in him! 'Patin % he if innnc- j t., and—and I hiv^ him The last words çahie 1" e a <.,h: ! h:;d no other jih-a. You'd better cro t » hi.ve done witli "this folly, ffljrsooth ! theu youfre no 08 mine.' nir roniii, and Lijve a thief ti-Q". daughter He put ber from iliim, t b iugh not UD gi mtiyand she went, pal and pantinj: tq her room. Oh in her my love, my love,' so she mianei bond >ir a fl iod of ul-ionlii^h' •mt '.a' streaming ire Lizzie wa| .-obhing soinew i i Y- v - A ,d did ih" il"!iy it. ?" the g mien-fay, down under th mrh-r;^ wall ; S lie a! d !| T lll'iltlier whom she had said was on he h'gh seas, A mom 'ii later the girl crept in, st.i ing and tr.'ii bling like a leaf at the si.LT lit of her you-i^' :n ~i e-s there, Lizzie, vi i have deceived me : y told me fi-seber. !' s i she contoiind • No, miss Janet, dear : 1 though' C was telling the truth : but he cama just for a las£ ind word before h sai's' I shalll neve; him again.' Oh how tl ;>ve.et girl wept ! ' Lizzie, hi: took my brooch, took it and C ear the inn..'cent.' 1 No, m I can't, becan-e h he told 111 i a while a^o.' < Did VI a \ Inn witli it r 'Ay 1 taxed him wit h it,, was th" dr 'arv ' Yes, n n it. h 'No, m , he denied i n) g!i : In v-' '.n' h,''d -i it do hase en ni 1) for that. I t; •i hi would fall i: if 111'"' id In.; denied it. ' Lizze- ih y. iQ kunw ll;ljl]ieil if Hi bin 'is l.-e to li^liL ' No, 111is; ' Mv fat h «•hat II lia \' e.Lhei Mr-. ton or—>r F rd- Mr. F >rl. I ti apprelii'ii led 1 Mr:. I,'l Ion never toiik it, miss I'd give 111 v iv"i' for . bat." ' N il Mr. Ford." said J:u,-t proud! • That'- ti. be proved, m;-.-, replie lied Li zie drvlv. ' And so mi^hl. U- brother,' sail 1 Janet., ritli b:th ternes-;. ' Oil, mis- don't s • ii "it,in name in such a matter, in court, or out. ! A.v, the white fear was on r,h • g.rl"- 'ar; airain. ' Y m promised, miss—-and x Wildering's promise is like an oath—v m k:i i.v v mr f . ililv ji r 'V 'i'b, Miss -I m ;t : • Mv word. My oa'.h.' ' All, well it was a mie;rabh' atT.nr ; neither maid nor mistress slept the livelong night ; a-id, in th • m iraiug, c rii-i tin; Tidings t int Algernon Ford was arrested and was to stand that day before the mairistra es of Shirton an awuse 1 man .-Itargc 1 with theft. ( To be Continued 