MERCURY JUNIOR. DOROTHY'S STEPFATHER. [In Eight Chapees.] CHAPTER II. ON THE LAKE AT NIGHT. " I suppose you know, Dorothy, that you didn't -come to our feast that night. It was the day you heard about your step-father, and you didn't feel like larking, I suppose. But all the same you owe j us a spree. What aro you going to do ? We're dying for some fun, and its the last chance we'll have before vacation." Dorothy was sitting on the floor besides her narrow white bed, entertaining her roomful of visitors, who occupied all her chairs and most of her bed. . . Her room was a favorite place of resort with the girls. She was not as " old madish" as Kate Van Voorhies about her counterpane, not as stingy as Fanny Bergen about her boxes, and much braver than Della Carpenter about preceptresses. Dorothy did not reply to the question at once. "Well," said another girl, "a step-father is enough to take away any one's appetite. I knew a girl once, and her mother married an awful man. He used to behave dreadfully and beat her till she was most dead, and then he beat the girl." "But my step-father isn't at all like that," responded Dorothy. "He is a Colonel, and was in the army, and did all sorts of brave thingB in the war, and is a gentleman. When the war ended they made him brigadier-general, and he could call himself that if he chose; but he doesn't be- cause all his men called him Colonel, and they love him and he likes it." Dorothy, in her eagerness to bo loyal to this man who was her mother's husband, hurried on so fast in her defence of him that toward the end she grew quite breathless and confused. "Oh my! Hear her stand up for him, when we all know she hates him so she can hardly keep her eyes dry," tannted Della Carpenter. ? "That's what I call hypocritical," said Sadie Dunn, promptly. "Itisn't a bit like you to be hypocritical, Dorothy." " I don't mean to be hypocritical," said Dorothy, Blowly. " I'm not glad my mother married him, and I don't say I am j but he's a good man-my mother says he's a good man, and told me lots about him-and I don't think, because I don't like him, I have any right to sit by and just kind of keep still and act yes when folks talk about beating and all that sort of thing." "Good for you, Dorothy!" cried Marie Pollock, bending down over the side of the bed to pat her on the head ; " good for you, little girl !" " Well, I don't know," remarked Fanny Bergan. " It seems to me I'd rather be right down on a person all over than only half-way. If your step-, father is a good man, why do you hate him ?" " Because he is a-a-an-an in-" Dorothy did not seem to be quite sure of the word she wished to use. " I know-interloper," Eaid Marie Pollock. " We had it in our etymology. ' Interloper : one who intrudes upon a property, a station or an office j one who interferes wrongfully.'" " Lend me your memory some day, Marry ?" inquired Kate "Van Voorhies, spitefully. " It 'd help out the whole class if you would. Now it doesn't do the rest of ub a bit of good. "I wish I could, Kate," returned Marie, promptly, " for then you might not forget your manners, and might remember to pronounce my name right. " But no one seems to be thinking about the spree," interrupted one girl. " It ought to be something to remember. Do let's think of some- thing." " What are you going to do this vacation ? inquired Mario of Dorothy, disregarding all pre- vious subjects. "Oh, I don't know," replied Dorothy, carelessly. " It depends on the-" "Interlopers?" mocked some one from a corner. "On the way mamma feels. Sometimes she likes the sea and sometime she likes the mountains ; and last year we stayed all summer in the hills. She always decides." ' " Well, I guess she won't decide now. It'll be your step-father who will do all that, after this," announced some one else. Dorothy winced, but seemed to take no notice of the interruptions. She was thinking that in a week she should see her mother. When her mother went away, Dorothy had thought that their meeting would be the happiest of her life ; but now it was very different. She almost dreaded the coming home. " Oh, dear ! If you're going to sit there staring at the wall, I suppose we might as well decamp. Tou're not very entertaining just now, Dorothy ; that's a fact." Dorothy gave a quick little start. "Oh, excuse me, Pauline," she said, laughing suddenly. "I didn't mean to be rude. I was thinking ; and you ought to consider what a remarkable thing that is for me to be doing, and not find fault. What was it you asked ?" " I asked you, what was our spree to be ? Can't you think of something we never did before ? Let it be something splendid !" " Give me time. I'll ' dream over it,' as mamma used to say, and-" Dorothy almost always choked a little nowadays when she mentioned her mother. " Let it be something worth doing. I'm tired of these mild larks. Can't you tell use something your brother used to do at college, Marie ? My cousin Dick always says, * Well, have you children been regaling yourself again in the night hours on bad cakes, and imagining that you are having a spree ?' I wish we could do something to make him open his eyes," exclaimed Pauline. Dorothy gave asudden little scream, and jumped to her feet. " Girls ! I have it !" Bhe exclaimed, in an excited whisper. " What do you say to sliding out, one of these nights, and taking a turn on the lake ? No one would know. »We could slip out in the dark before the moon rises-it doesn't come up till late now- and wait till it gets decently shiny, and then off we'll go in the boat !" " But think of the danger ! We might tip over !" '* In a flat-bottomed boat?" At last someone made a suggestion. " The First Regiment is going to camp out at the end of the lake. I heard Miss Stuart telling about it this morning. They're coming up to-night on the late boat-just as they did last year. Perhaps we'll see them. That would be something like '" Dorothy had never thought of this. She was younger by two years than any of the rest of her class, and though constant intercourse with older girls made her appear in many ways as old as they, she was not their equal in experience. In short ehe was still a child, while the rest were almost young ladies. When Fanny Bergen suggested the possibilitv of encountering the soldiers, on their " spree " she was thoroughly surprised though too proud 'to sav BO, J "Pooh!" she exclaimed, "I don't seo where the fun of that comes in. We've seen men before haven't we ? Where's the good in trying to meet them ?" But the rest were excited over the thought. It was decided that they should make a stealthy escape from their rooms as soon as the lights were extinguished. It was necessary to scramble through the windows to the broad piazza roof, then back to the slanting shed, and thence to the ground. Each of tho little company of conspirators went about her own duties with as much zeal as her divided interest would permit. While they were studying thoir geography they were dreaming of the lake, and when they were called to their astronomy lesson they were wondering just at .what hour the moon rose. It seemed a remarkable coincidence that all the girls of Miss Lorhner's room should be attacked by .the same singular drowsiness and the desire to .retire precisely on time that evening. Generally they hunp back and pleaded for a few minutes' grace-they were " so staring wide- awake." But to-night they needed no urging to go to their rooms at the stroke of the gong, and by half-past nine o'clock the only lights burning in the building were those in the principal's room in the tower. Even these wtre extinguished by ten. Perhaps if Miss Duprce had not yielded to her in- clination to sleop, and had chosen, instead, to take a quiet survey of the premises, she might have seen six figures slip like ghosts past her window along the broad piazza roof, and then, sliding down the inclined plane of the shed, fall upon tho soft turf below. These spectres seemed to be of anything but a fearless nature, and the descent from the shed to the ground was attended by low, stifled exclama- tions which were quickly and peremptorily silenced by a spirit below who seemed to have the command of the band. At last the phantoms, six in all, were assembled in the shadow of the shed. Then the leader spoke. " Now we're safe on terra-cotta," she whispered, "the most dangerous part of the journey is over. All we're got to do now is to run to the boat-house, and if any one makes a noise, why, it's all up with us." In'a few moments they had unlocked the boat- house and, three on a side, were lifting the rather heavy boat from the little wooden wharf and shoving ft into the water. Then one after another they crept into their places, and rowed the boat in- to the wider water. They floated on until someone suggested that it must be going to rain j the moon was not coming out. " Rain f Pooh! Look at the stars-as thick aB spatter," declared Dorothy. "The moon is all righj. It isn't late enough yet. Has any one a watch ?" No one had, and again silence reigned, while a fleeting doubt crossed the minds of girls if it was so much "fun" after all. But no one dared suggest her doubts to another. * ¡SSBut at last after what seemed hours of darkness and quiet, some ono exclaimed joyously, " Look, gills ! There's the moon coming out. Isn't that spendid ? And-O girls ! isn't that the steamer ? that little red light up there ?" With breathless interest all eyes were turned from the first faint gleam of the rising moon to the tiny speck of light that quivered and shook and rose and fell amid the inky blackness beyond. It trembled, paled and shone, then glimmered more steadily than before. " It is the steamer !" Soon they began to hear the dull pant of the engines and the slapping of the paddle-wheels ; and then the steamer loomed above them. Upon the decks were the gaily uniformed members of Company A, of the First Regiment. Most of them were very young men indeed. They were leaning over the railing or sauntering leisurely back and forth, all in very good spirits. " Hullo !" exclaimed one tohis companion, strain- ing his eyes to look below. " Say, Chester, isn't that a boat there ? It looks as if there were girls in it ! There's a female seminary somewhere around this region, if I'm not mistaken." Just then the girls at the oars sent the little craft straight into the glittering path of the moon, and the light shone on them with direct radiance. A boyish voice from the steamer's deck called out : " Hello, girls ! You came out to welcome us, didn't you ? That's nice !" By this time the railing was crowded with the young cadets, all pushing to the side of the steamer overlooking the little boat and jostling one another to get a better view of its occupants.' Then there was laughter and shouting from the deck, and calls which the girls would rather not have heard. The older girls turned their backs, but Dorothy looked straight toward the steamer, with the light of the moon shining f nil upon her face. The steamer push ad past them, and ploughed its way down the lake, leaving the little boat far be- hind. After the last bantering voice had died away in the distance, the girls rowed back toward the shore. Th»y dared not chatter about their adventure for fear of being heard 5 but their minds were full of it, and they scarcely noticed what they were doing os they stowed the boat away in its pla3e. Then came the serious business of getting back to their rooms without rousing the house. It proved to be much more difficult to ascend the shed roof than it had been to descend, and there were many smothered screams and whispered rebukes as the girls clambered up to grasp the overhanging eaves, upheld by friendly hands from below. At last all were up but Dorothy. Then came the question how she should contrive to gain a hold above, with no one to push her from below. " Sh I I'll manage somehow. You go on ahead and slip in and clear the track," she whispered breathlessly. The girls, only too glad to obey, left her to manage as best she might. They were more successful in their efforts than she, for they were safe within the seminary walls before she had even discovered the barrel upon which she finally stood, and which enabled her to grasp the uneven shingles and begin her slow ascent of the shed roof. But her progress met with a sudden check ; end try as she would, she could not proceed farLlier. She felt that the hindrance came from her skirt. It was as if some strong hand detained her. She turned her head and looked behind ; but she was alone in the night with only the stars and moon above her. She gave several energetic tugs to free herself, but to no avail. " It is my horrid skirt," she thought. " Now if I can't get away, I'll be in a pretty pickle. The embroidery has caught in a Bhingle, and here I am fas,, ?.nd tight, and can't get loose. Come off, you old thing!" She gave a quick and strong upward pull. Certainly ! Now the thing was done. A great white fragment of her flounce had torn away, and hung fluttering in the moonlight. "That will tell the whole story to-morrow morning," thought Dorothy. " If Miss Lorimer happens to look out of her window she'Jl see it, and then-oh, I must get it !" She made a clutch behind her at the flapping cloth. Of course she could not reach it, and in the midst of her endeavours she heard a sound at the window above. It frightened her, and she frantically clutched at the fragment just beyond her reach. Another sound came from above. Dorothy waited until all was quiet again. Then she hitched herself back toward the object of her quest, and succeeded in reaching it. She grasped it firmly and gave it a sudden wrench. Alas ! it gave way all too easily. Dorothy's arm twisted beneath her, and a pang like the piercing of a sharp blade shot through her wrist to her elbow. For a moment she was dumb with pain, and then she uttered a little sob. " Oh ! what shall I do ?" ahe gasped. " What is this dreadful ache ? It makes me sick to move my arm ! How can I get up now ? If only the girls had stayed to help me ! But they're all in bed by this time. The poor child was writhing in agony, but she made no sound, bravely smothering her desire to cry, and trying to crawl up the incline by the help of her uninjured ann. She never knew how long a time it took to scramble up to the piazza roof, but she was so faint and weak when she reached it that she couli. scarcely stand, and had to crouch down for a moment to gain strength to go on. The pain in her arra grew severer each moment, and she assured herself that if sho did not get to her room at once she would never be able to reach it without assistance. ? So she dragged herself to the window and climbed through, setting her teeth, and with great beads of agony rising on her fore- head. Atlast, after noiselessly closing the saBh, she made her way down the dark corridor and to her own room. Once there she flung herself upon her bedand, burying her face in the pillow, cried as if her heart wou'd break. Oh» the pain! the pain ! It was so sharp ! She could think of nothing but her agony. No thought of her disobedience of the rules crossed her mind. She had no room for regret of any sort yet in her heart, except for her hurt. Then with a sudden shock came the thought : How could she account for her injury in the morning? J J (To io continued.) 