"mil CHAPTER VH.—TIIE INQUIRY. CHAPTER VIII.— 1 THE UAIUFFS CLERIC CHAPTER JX.— FIRST MEETINOS. CHAPTER X.— A BAD BEU1NNINU. CHAPTER XL— HUGH HAS ANOTHER ADVEN TURE. CHAPTER XII -HUGH'S FORTUNE TAKES A DilLlAUl) AM (tit, CHAPTER XIII.— HUGH PURSUES HIS INVESTI GATIONS. CHAPTER XIV.— ROSAMOND ALSO INVESTI GATES .MATTERS. CHAPTER. XV.— THE BAILIFF PROVIDES AGAINST CONTINGENCIES. CHAPTER XVI.— LORD LEONARD PROFFERS FRIENDSHIP. CHAPTER XVII. -AT THE MOOlt COTTAGE. CHAPTER XVIII. — A RESORT TO DESPERATE .MEASURES. CHAPTER XIX.— AT CLEK3AE. CHAPTER XX.— MOTHER AND SON. CHAPTER XXL— A MOVE IN THE DARK. CHAPTER XXII. -STRANGE ARRIVALS. CHAPTER XXIIL— THE SECRET OF THE LEGACY. CHAPTER XXIV.— THE TABLES TURNED. CHAPTER XXV.— A BOLD STROKE. CHAPTER XXVI.— IN A STATE OF SIEGE. CHAPTER XXVII.— THE IIADDS ON SLIPPERY GROUND. CHAPTER XXVIII. — A VILLAINOUS COMPACT.. CHAPTER XXIX.— THE PLOT SUCCESSFUL. CHAPTER XXX.— ENTRAPPED. CHAPTER XXXI.— ROSAMOND'S WHEREABOUTS. CHAPTER XXXII. —A CHANGE FOR THE BETTER, CHAPTER XXXIII.— IN SAFE QUARTET! 3. CHAPTER XXXIV. -UNEXPECTED NEWS, CHAPTER XXXV.— AN ENQUIRY ANSWERED. CHAPTER XXXVI.— A STRANGE COINCIDENCE. CHAPTER XXXV1L— THE QUESTION SET AT REST. CHAPTER XXXVIIL— THE LIGHT BREAKING. CHAPTER XXXIX.— THE WILOHliSTKK INHERI TANCE. CHAPTER XL.— CONCLUSION. CHAPTER VI.— Continued. Thoy passed out into the dimly- lighted corridor, followed by old Bettine, and paused while the young girl complied with her father's latest injunction. " We will go through the castle to the Gray Tower, instead of passing out of doors," whispered Sir Archy, when Rosamond had dropped the key of the library door in her pocket. "We must move softly. If Hadd had a suspicion of our design ho would frustrate it. He intends the hidden treasure for his son. Como i" Softly and stealthily, like midnight robbors, the three stole along the cor- ridprs and great empty, ghostly rooms, their way lighted dimly by a lantern which Rosamond withdrew from be neath her father's cloak. Heavy shadows lay thickly all around tliern — shadows which the imaginative Rosamond would at another time have peopled with grim and ghostly images. Tho apartments nearest the Gray Tower, in the main edifice, had not b'een used for years, all need for them having declined with the fortunes of tho house. The dust lay thickly on these bare and unused floors, and the winds penetrated into the rooms, sigh ing and moaning like imprisoned spirits. " The wind sounds like the ghost of the laughter that used to echo betweon these walls in the gay old times when I was a boy," said Sir Archy, half nervously, half sadly. "Ah, Rosa mond, our fortunes were bright then. If you could but have seen the house of Wilchester in its glory ! What bright forms once tenanted this very room, now given up to the wind I What jewels have flashed here, what merry voices have sounded, where all is now dust and desolation I" "It may all be so again, papa," re plied Rosamond, cheerfully. " As old Bottino reminded me, history repeats itself. If we find this treas ure we seek we will outdo the old times, dear papa. More than that, our prosperity will be shared by our tenantry and the village poor. At length the trio camo out upon a wide corridor — a passage seldom used, Bettine using the open-air route — which connected the castle with the Gray Tower. Here the winds held high revel. Sir Archy, Rosamond and old Bettine traversed the chill space quickly, and came upon a massive oaken door, which was securely locked. Producing a key the baronet un locked tho door, and having opened it the three liassed into the Gray Tower. They found themselves in an ante room "on the ground floor. It was simply, furnished, after the ancient style. Its damp walls were hung with tattered tapestry. Its floor was bare and dusty, and gave back the sound of footfalls hollowly. The fur niture Was of the massive old-fashioned description, '.black with age. The nar row windows were covered with a heavy, impenetrable veil of ivy, and the tiny diamond panes of glass were curtained with thick folds of dust. " Old Bettine's room is next to this,1' said the baronet, pointing to a massive door set in the heavy wall just opposite to that by which they had entered. " I think we had better not search these chambers,. Rosamond. Our work lies below iu tho collars and old dungeons. ""Why in the cellars, papa?" in quired Rosamond, lifting the lantern and flashing it above her head. ' Because they are a likely place for the treasure to have been hidden in," said Sir Archy. My father looked there, and so did my grandfather." " Thoir non-success should be a lesson to us, papa," interposed Rosa mond, hor bright glances roving over the walls in keen scrutiny. "Have you ever sounded these walls ?'' "Yes, and examined the floor; but, after all, my examination of either was not very keen. I did not believe tho money to be concealed in these chambers.1' " Wo must act for the present as if we belioved it," said Rosamond. " Papa, I propose that we search this room and Bettine's to-night. What do you think, Bettine?" she added, turning to tho aged tower- keeper. Bettine started abruptly from lier tranco-liko reverie. " I was thinking of tho old times," she said. " I was trying to bring back ail my old memories to aid us. I never believed the legacy wns buried in the cellars. Everyone has searched tliern, avoiding, for some incompre hensible reason, the towor itself. Tho Wilchesters for many years have dug up the stones of the cellar, and pried at the walls, and even Mr. Hadd, the bailitlj 1ms turned his attention in tho same direction. " Mr. Hadd," ejaculated Sir Archy. "Yes, sir. Mr. Hadd lias spent more than one night working in this old gray tower, Sir Archy," said Bettine, hor eyes twinkling. " He did not dream that every time I was crouching in the shadows watching him. He never found anything, any mora than the other searchers, but he believes that there is treasure hidden here." Sir Archy exchanged glances with Rosamond. " If one so astute as Hadd searches for it lie must have a pretty sure faith 'in the buried legacy," ho said cheer fully. " We are wasting time," said old Bettine. " I cannot work. Sir Archy, but I may bo able to point out likely places to search. There's the chimney and tho hearth, tho walls, the floor, and the furniture. Whore would my lady have been likely to conceal the treasure? I had a dream once that the legacy would be discovered some time in one of those heavy tables, but I've had the subject on my mind so much that I've dreamed a great many things. Let me hold the lantern while you two work." Rosamond relinquished the lantern to Bettine, and set at once to work with Sir Archy. Their first move was to act . on the hint of old Bettine, and examine thoroughly every article of furniture. The drawers were withdrawn from the tables, the couches were probed with long needles, the chairs were upturned and investigated, in the hope that, in some hitherto unsuspected and un examined nook, some trace of tho hidden treasure might be discovered. The first hour of the search was thus spent vainly. " How let us sound the walls and floor," said Rosamond, brightly, her courage not yet damped. " It is pro bable that someone has sounded them before, yet a little space may have been neglected." Sir Archy took his hammer and commenced sounding the walls. Ho hollow ring rewarded his efforts. Evi dently the walls were constructed in the most solid manner, aud wore with out secret receptaclo. "The fireplace is large, and the hearth is immense," said old Bettine, looking at the cavernous depths at one side of the l-oom. " But there is no thing hidden near it. Sir Archy's father had the hearthstones ripped up once, and the fireplace examined," " I have looked there also," said Sir Archy. "There is nothing to be gained by searching this ante-room. I am convinced of that. Let us go into Bettine's chamber." The old woman led the way into her apartment. It was a low, wide room, with the quaint windows and enormous fire place of the ante-chamber. But it bad a cosy look, which the outer room lacked. The windows were curtained with red stuftj and a wood-fire burned cheerfully on the hearth. The floor was of oak, black as ebony, and polished like a mirror. Before the fire was a large rug of tapestry. In one corner was a tall four-post bedstead, surrounded with flowing curtains, which, parted in front, dis played the mountainous bed, covered with a faded satin counterpane. Before the lira was a modern easy- cliair, a present to the old woman from Rosamond. Beside the chair was a small table, on which wns a bowl of mulled wine. A small tea-kettle steamed on the hearth, and a small game-pie was warming before the lire. " Bessy insisted on leaving these things, for fear I should get hungry,' said Bettine, half apologetically. "And I do often got hungry in the night, Sir Archy. Old persons have to eat oftener than younger ones. Won't you sit down 1" . " No, no," replied the baronet, look ing around the pleasant, cozy room. " You have a pretty nook here, Bettine. But it must be lonely for you. Perhaps, after all, you had better have the cottage I promised you, and have your grandson to live with you." "Never, Sir Archy !" declared the old woman, suddenly trembling. " Oh, you will not setnd me from the Gray Tower — from this room ? It was to this very chamber my young mistress, the Lady Rosamond, came a happy bride. It was in this room most of her ehildron were born. Here I live over those happy days of 80 years ago." I shall die, Sir Archy, if you take me from my memories and put me in a cottage. It would kill me to be moved from hero." She looked up at the baronet, her thin, brown, wrinkled iace working in sudden distress, and her bright black eyes dimming over with a mist of tears. . She had not wept for years, but she was almost; weeping" now. Her thin, bony hands, wrinkled into leathern folds, clutched her staff con vulsively, and the expression of her weird face was one of agonised plead ing. She had read in the baronet's tones something more than a desire for her comfort. She had comprehended that her continual residence in the Gray Tower had become at least proble matic. " You shall not be sent away if I can help it," declared Sir Archy, de terminedly. " While Wilchester Towers remains in the possession of the Wilchesters, you shall have a homo here, Bettine. Should they ever pass out of my hands, or that of my family, you and I will havo to go forth together." "Will that day ever come, Sir Archy?" asked the old woman, tre mulously. " It is near at hand, unless I can find tho Buried Legacy," said the baronet his face paling. " I am searching for the Lady Rosamond's legacy, not for greod but to save my children, my honor, my name. Amos Hadd, iny bailiff, as I havo told you . to- night, has claims upon me that will i take all I have "to satisfy." | " Amos Hadd ! I never trusted 1 that man. The Wilohestors come to poverty 1 Ah, this is a sad day. The legacy, must be found, Sir Archy. j Perhaps it was hidden in this very : chamber. Oh, if the Lady Rosamond had but told mo her secret. If my : son had but lived to tell what work he j did in the Gray Towor." And old Bettino uttered a wailing sigh. "Did tho Lady Rosamond die in this room?" asked Sir Archy. " No, sir. She moved into the main dwelling aftor two or three of her children wore born. But she always liked this room. How probable that she hid her money here." Sir Avchy tapped on the massive walls lightly with his hammer, then more loudly. Thoy wore wainscotod with black oak from floor to ceiling and the roofing was of oak, handsomely carved and grained. " It is a whole night's work to exa mine this room thoroughly," ho said. "Yet it must be examined. It is very probable that the Lady Rosa mond would conceal her treasure in her favorite room." He set to work immediately. " There arc plority of stories about this room," said old Bettine, sitting down by tho firo while. Sir Archy and Rosamond hammered at the walls. " I have heard that there was a secret stairway once leading out of this room down to the secret dungeon a long way underground. It was a foolish story, but I remember it inte rested my lady immensely. She would have up an old family servant to tell her tho story, and bow that in the early days — 300 years ago — the Gray Tower was used for defence as well as a residence. There was a war some- whore about those times, they say, 'and life and property were not so safe here in ICent as now. In. the secret dun geon the family treasures were hidden, I've heard. My lady spoke to her husband, Sir Chester Wilchester, about it but I never heard what he said. He most likfly laughed at it. But I know there must be secret passages and rooms underground, though." " There are," responded Sir Archy, upon whom much of the old woman's garrulousness had been lost. " They were built in perilous times and run under the castle in various directions, having various outlets. I know them all, but we have no use for them now adays. As to a secret staircase out of this room, I have no faith in the legend. The walls are solid stono and mortar lined with wainscoting. Be sides, there is no secret dungeon under the Gray Tower. I know the dungeons well." He approached the hearth, carefully examining the stones that formed it. He pryed between thorn with knives, but they were so solidly set as to defy his efforts to move them. " There's no uso in working there, Sir Archy," said Bettine. " I was in the Tower a few days after the trea sure was hidden, and the hearths had none of them beeu disturbed. The money and jewels are not buried under them." "It seems probable that they were,'' said Sir Archy, pausing to rest. " The Lady Rosamond (needed a mason to assist her in concealing her treasure." " My son was a carpenter as well/' replied Bettine. " He worked at one of his trades in assisting to conceal the treasure, but which I cannot say." Sir Archy labored to : solve the question by hard work. He pryed about the mantelpiece and the wide wall in front of the fireplace. He pushed aside the firo and examined tho stones beneath it. He hammered at the back of the chimney, and looked keenly up tho great, yawning, open chasm, as if expecting possibly to be hold some clue to tho object of his search along its dark sides. Meanwhile Rosamond investigated the furniture, paying particular atten tion to the massive bedstead. Bettine directed the researches of the maiden by occasional hints and suggestions, but nothing was discovered to reward their labors. Having finished searching the fire place, Sir Archy began to examine the floor, Rosamond accompanying his movements with the lantern. The hours passed, and the work progressed, yet still without result. " The legacy is not hidden in this chamber/' said Sir Archy at last, his noble face pale and worn, his blue eyes dull with exhaustion. "I have proved the fact to my satisfaction. One night's labor lias not been lost, Rosamond, since wo have narrowed the- circle in which we must look for the hidden treasure." " The hour is late — or, I should say, early," responded Rosamond, wearily, as she glanced at the tall old clock in tho corner. " It is 3 o'clock. Our might's work must end here papa. Wo must go to our beds, and gain strength for another search to-morrow night." She glanced at Old Bettine, whose head had fallen on her breast, and whose eyes were closed in slumber. "Yes, wo will go," said Sir Archy, sighing. " I will leavo these tools in this closet of old Bottine's. It will save bringing thorn to-morrow night. There are three stories in the tower, Rosamond, with two chambers to 'each storey. We have explored tho first floor. To morrow night wo shall take the second. Heaven guido us to tho hidden legacy which is to save us !" Ho placed the implements of his search in an adjacent closet, whilo Rosamond stirred up tho embers, and throw upon them a handful of fire wood, which flamed up instantly. She then touched did Bettine's shoulder, gently arousing hor. "Wo nre going now, Bettine," she said, as tho old woman opened her eyes with a startled expression. " We are quite through with your room, and havo found no cluo to what we seek. You can lock your door whan we have passed out and go to sleep." With a kindly smile to the withered tower-keeper, Rosamond took up her lantern, and led tho way into the ante room, Sir Archy following. They paused in, tho outer chamber until they had heard the bolts and bars replaced, Sir Archy pointing to Rosamond the winding stair that led from the ante-room to a similar chamber above. " Every floor of tho tower is divided like this;" he said, " into ail ante or stair room and a spacious inner cham ber. It will take us at least six nights to explore the remaining three floors thoroughly, and then, if we shall have failed, wo must complete the search of tho underground rooms I" With a countenance expressing any sontiniont rather than that of hopeful ness, lie led the way back into the cor ridor which united tho Gray Tower to the main dwelling. , " This corridor was onco a handsome affair," said Sir Archy, wearily. " You sco how lonely it is, and notice the ompty niches along its walls. Tlioy were filled with marble statuary once. Ah, what is that ?" Ho started, clutching Rosamond's arm. He had heard a strange sound over head. As he listened he heard a pair of restless wings beating against one of the brokon windows, as if thoir owner wore entangled in the ivy draping of the outer wall. "It's only a bat," he said. "How nervous I ami Come, Rosamond. ' But Miss Wilchester . put forth her hand, gently restraining his steps, and inclined her ear to the broken stair way.- The next momont Sir Archy heard the sound which had attracted her attention — the sound of stealthy, ap proaching footsteps. With a quick, dexterous movement, Rosamond drew her father into ono of the vacant shadowed niches, and con cealed tho lantern she carried under her cloak. She had scarcely drawn her flutter ing drapery close to tho wall when the stealthy footsteps began to ascend the stairway to the corridor, and tho light of a lantorn steadily increased, throw ing its beams upon the opposite wall. Sir Archy and Rosamond crouched closer to the shadows. Then the head of a man. grizzled and repulsive, appeared above the stairway. As some secret instinct had warned Sir Archy and Rosamond, this strange and secret night visitor to tlio vaults of the Gray Tower was Amos Hadd, the baronet's bailiff. He mounted to the top of tho stair case stealthily, halted, and lifted his lantern above his head, flashing the light suspiciously and searchingly along the walls of the corridor. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 