Convention, First Day. The inaugural banquet of tho Federal Convention being over, and the after dinner speeches having been made, tho delegates to tho Convention may ho said fairly to have commenced business. Tlio after-dinner speeches vvcro of small account and call for almost no remark beyond this, that they wore made after dinner; and that thoy will leavo un diminished tho glory of that ono after- dinner speech, which, probably, will never he surpassed, commencing arina virumquc eano. At tho opening of tho first session yesterday, Mr. M'Millan, the Treasurer for Jsow South "Wales, on behalf of the president, gavo notico that ho would move to-day as follows, — "That in order to establish and secure an endur ing foundation for tho structure of a Federal Government, the principles em bodied in tho resolutions following he agreed to." Tho first of these resolu tions was, — "That tho powers and privi leges and territorial rights of the several existing colonies shall remain intact, except in respect of such surrenders as may be agreed upon as necessary and in cidental to the power anil authority of tho National federal Government." At a glance ono sees that this is a totally different thing from tho object which Sir Henry Tarkcs has for some months past been holding up to the public view. His project of union " some what on the model of Canada," has gone with the Kiama ghost. "We may never hear of it more. It will also ho remembered by readers of tho Telegraph that this journal has persistently and stoutly opposed and ridiculed a union on tho lines which Sir Henry Parkes assured us ought to he adopted in Australia. Such a union never could ho acceptable if adopted. It may do very well for Canada, where thoro existed when tho dominion was formed a state of things totally different from tho state of things which prevails here. It is therefore very- refreshing to find that the first resolution to ho proposed contains two provisions, that existing colonies shall remain intact as to all their existing territorial rights, privileges, and powers, and that the central government to ho formed will bo a government having charge of only those objects which may now or hereafter ho delegated to it. Should that resolu tion ho adopted, probably thcro is no person in Queensland, or even in Aus tralia, who will object that federation take place when events arc ripe for it. Tho second resolution is, — " That trade and intercourse botween tho federated colonies, whether by means of land carriage or coastal navigation, shall bo absolutely free." It is safe to forecast that this will be ono of tho resolutions on which the strength of the parties in tho convention will he severely tested. Tho Victorian representatives will fight for it to tho death. It is their trump card. If they have ono object moro than another which makes them desirous to bring about federation it is to secure absolute free trade between existing governments, and so for as we con see at present there is no way of avoiding that issuo. Perhaps the crucial point will he reached in tho third proposal. It is,—" That tho power and authority to impose Customs duties shall ho exclusively lodged in tho Federal Gov ernment and Parliament, subject to such disposal of tho revenues thence derived as shall bo agreed upon." Perhaps of all subjects debated since tho question of federation aroso this has been tho most discussed, for it has excited tho greatest, amount of anxiety ; it presents tho most numerous and the most serious obstacles. Victoria will certainly contend that whilst there is frcotrado between the parties to the federation thoro should he severe pro tection as against the world. K"ew South Vales is quito as certain to eontond that whilst there shall ho frcetrade amongst all parties to the government there Bhall ho to a very largo extent also freotrado as to other countries. But it would ho absurd to Buppose that tho difficulties are insurmountable. . That tho Fedoral Government should havo charge of thB customs appears to he simply inevitable. And having placed the customs, under their control, it will perhaps afford a way out of tho. difficulty to leavo till tho timo shall come for its settlement tho question whether tho Federal Government shall bo protective or frectrado. Tho fourth resolution follows as a matter of course. It is,—" That the military and naval de fence of Australia shall ho intrusted to tho federal forces under ono command." On these as tho four corner stones of the new constitution it is proposed to oreot tho threefold department for legislative and administrative' purposos. Tho first is to he a Parliament with two Houses, whoso exact constitution will be a matter of detail. Tho next, ob here stated, will ho a Federal Supreme Court, chiefly for pur poses of appeal, which, it is said, will bo final. A difficulty may arise here so long as Australia is at all "subordinate to England. It will bo impossible to pro- vent tho subject from . Ms right , of appeal to'tlio Privy Counoil; hut the details hero suggested nro wise and prac ticable. The Supreme Court of each State should have power , to hear all questions arising within its own territory. Tho federal court may safely he left for appeal on all questions naturally arising out of the federation itself. Any othor question might still ho allowed to go, as now, from nny ordinary, Supreme Court to the Privy Council. The third branch of govornment named is the Executive, for which the proposal iBthat it shall con- Isist of " an 'Executive consisting of the Governor-General and saoh persons as may from .time to timo t>o appointed Msj advisers, such persons sitting in Parlia ment, and whoso tern of offlco shall depend upon their possessing; tho confi dence of the House of Representatives, expressed by tho support of tho majority." To place Ministers of tho Crown in the House of lloprcsentatives and in tho Senate is a change from tho Amorican system, and is nil immense improvement upon it. There is no doubt whatever that the good .government of every country requires that what is called tho legislature should have a-strong hand upon the administration, and that the chiof exccutivo officers of tho country Bhould also have scats in tho legislature. Tho formulation of this particular programme has immensely narrowed down tho sub jects for discussion at the Convention, and thcro is every good .reason to liopo that tho Convention will ho far moro fruitful of good results than at first thero was any reason to lead us to boliovo it would be. 