AQUATICS, Sailing Notes. The season of, 1891-92 was opened last Saturday afternoon by the Prince Alfred Yacht Club with evolutions, after which a large number of; members and their friends , (between 50 and CO) were enter tained at the Greenwich Pier Hotel; 'Watson's Bay, by their popular commodore and vice -commodore, at whose h«.n rig nothing was left undone . to make a pronounced success of the opening ceremony : of the P. A. Y. C. The success of the first part of the programme was to a large extent interfered with by the strong and squally westerly wind that prevailed during the afternoon. At the time appointed (3 p.m.), several yachts were cruising about off Farm Cove, awaiting their commodore's commands. Pre vious to this salutes were duly responded to, and the first signal hoisted was No. G7, ' Follow me in line. ' ' Various evolutions were then gone through and the last signal was 'Rendezvous in Watson's Bay.' Guinevere, Arcbina, Volunteer, and Daphne complying with the order. At 6.30 an adjourn ment was made to the Greenwich Pier Hotel, where it was found that a most sumptuous repast had been laid out for the visitors. After dinner a move was made to the far-famed Gap, a pleasant half hour being spent by the yachtsmen while enjoying their pipes and (hatting .about yachts and yachting. On returning to the hotel the evening was spent with glees, solos, both vocal and instrumental, in which several members of the Liedertafel were most suc cessful, while Mr. W. Reeks's recitation on electricity fairly convulsed his hearers during an interval. Mr. P. H. Sullivau proposed the health of the com modore and vice-commodore, the same being received with musical honours and great cheering. Mr. Harden, in replying, thanked those present for the, kind way in which they had received the toast, and continuing, said that it would give him great pleasure to further the inter ests of the P. A . Y. C. ; he also thought that, with this in view, if the yacht owners, who very often got more out of the club than the ordinary members, although the subscription for both were the same, were, in addition to their subscription, to give say £5 or even, less per year, that the club would then be in a most flourishing condition. (Applause.) The vice commodore also replied in a similar strain, saying that he hoped the members would attend the meet ings, and, with their aid and presence, try to further the interests of the club, and make it second to none this side of the Line. (Cheers.) The rest of the evening was spent most sociably, the unani mous verdict being that this was the best way to celebrate the opening or closing of a sailing club. Mr. Favares Faulkner presided at the piano, and was, as usual, successful. A large number of boats were expected to take part in the evolutions of the Neutral Bay Amateur Sailing Club, winch were held on Saturday last. Contrary to expectation, however, only four of this popular club's boats putin an appearance. The commodore (Mr. F. Rae) on board bis yacht Asteroid came out from Careeumg Cove shortly after 3 o'clock, with the signal 'Follow me in line' at the masthead. At this time the only boats in sight likely to take part in the proceedings were Mulgoa, Varuria, and Xanthe. ' The day being altogether too rough for manoeuvring, the ? eoinmodore very wisely brought up in the nearest sheltered spot (Mossman's Bay), where anchors were let go and the various crewp safely landed. When on Bhore the party numbered quite 50, a large number having availed themselves of the opportunity to come down in the commodore's ' ship.:' After the good things provided had been disposed of Mr. A. Johnston in a verv bappv speech proposed the health of their popular commodore, the same being received with musical honours aud cheers. . Mr. F. Rae, in responding, expressed his thanks to Mr. Johnston2 also to those present; for the kind way in which his name had been received, further stating that he had the club's best interest at heart, ana hoped with the assistance of the committee and members generally to make the coming season a more prosperous cne than the last. Several other speeches were made and prizes promised, so that there is every possibility of the commodore's views being fulfilled. The second race of the season for boats of the East Sydney Amateur Sailing club took place last Saturday afternoon. There were three prizes, the first presented by a supporter of the club, the second and third given by the club. The boats entered were : — Lottie, scratch ; Craigielee, 2 minutes ; Isadore, 4 minutes ; Our Own, Lavima, and Idothea, £ minutes each ; and Elsie, 7 minutes. The course chosen was what is termed the lightship course, viz. : Flying start from line between starter's boat and beacon, Potts Point, thence round Fort Denison, round lightship and Sow and . Pigs, round flagboat, Woolloomooloo Bay, round Shark Island ('outside pilelight and buoy), and finishing at flagboat, Wool loomooloo Bay. A very strong westerly wind was blowing, which appeared too much for Lottie, as she was the enly boat that did not start. All the others came to the post with reefed sails, and, as Mr. Mulhall dropped the flag, got over the line fairly well together, Craigielee being first across, followed by Isidore, Our Own, Idothea, Elsie, and Lavinia. On reaching Fort Denison Craigielee and Elsie did not fancv the jibe, preferring to go about and thus lost a deal of ground. Another jibe was necessary on rounding Bradley's, which required extra care. The boats looked very pretty as they ran for the lightship, Our Own taking the lead just before rounding, the order being— Our Own at 4h. 52m. 4s., Idothea 4h. 52m. lis., Isadore 4h. 52m. 15s., Craigielee 4h. 52m. 32s., Lavinia 4h. 52m. 56s. On the beat back all the crews had their work cut out to keep their boats going. Our Own held her position very well, and was being pressed by Isadore, when the last-named boat carried away the pru connecting the gaff to the bucket. Our Own, afterstand ing across towards Chowder, made a leg to leeward of Shark Island, and came about at Point Piper, the Craigielee and Idothea working right across the har bour. The boat in Woolloomooloo was reached as follows : — Craigielee at 4h. 51m. 44s. ; Our Own, 4b, 51m. ? 55s. ; Lavinia, 4h. 58m. 19s.; Idothea, on reaching the boat, re tired. _ Another long run' took place to Shark Island, in which Craigielee again drew away, and appeared to do so in the first part of the work back. As they approached the flagboat Our Own again drew up and just put Craigielee about before rounding, but not going between the beacon and flagboat, she had to round again, the official times of finishing being . — Craigielee, 5h. 46m. 48s. ; Our Own, 5h.,47m. 28s.; Lavinia, 5h. 52m. 29s. Our Own, sailed by iS. . Hellings, takes first prize ; Craigielee, by F. Rose, second ; and Lavinia, by P. Roberts, third. A good number of visitors were, on board toe steamer Ivy, which followed toe race, in charge of toe. umpire.' Mr.T.Stobo. The official opening of toe Sydney Flying Squadron Yacht club took place on Satur day last, but for various ' reasons -was anything but a success. It was intended that toe boats should lie put through evolutions under the direction of the Commodore, but owing to the high westerly wind blowing, toese were not carried out. Eight boats, ?viz., Kanahook, Volunteer, Grace Darling, Violet, Ghost, Cygnet, Regina, and Flyaway, turned up with their usually snow-white sails disfigured by coloured designs, some printed, others with coloured cloths, and -if toe opinions expressed on Saturday are taken as a criterion, these disfigurements of the sails will certainly not become popular. The steamer Lobelia, with a hand on. board, and well patronised by ladies and gentlemen who had accepted invita tions, steamed down the harbour till under the lee ' of Clark Island, where . toe pas sengers were landed— toe boats of toe fleet then appeared one by one and toe crews doused their sails and went on the island. .There being a .competition for the best turnout, the competing boats sailed past the island, and after a close contest the Grace Dar ling was awarded the prize by a majority of one; the Volunteer pressing her very closely and -having a number of admirers amongst the visitors gathered on toe island. After the crews of these boats were photographed the steamer left for home with some of toe boats in tow, the ; remainder sailing to their respective moorings. ' ' ? \- Johnstone's -Bay Saxltno Club. A meeting of toe above club was held on Tuesday evening at Leach's Commercial Hotel. The commo dore, Mr. F.' Donovan, presided. It was decided that the future handicapping of boats will be done by three neutral gentlemen. Mr. T. M. Davis; M.L.A., was elected patron. The following boats entered aud received the handicaps for the race on Saturday next, as follows ?: — ~ r Edith, 18ft., T. Colebrook, sen., scratch ; Cygnet, 18ft., T. Colebrook, jun., J minute ; Our Boys, 10ft., G. Fletcher, 2 minutes ; Sophie, lBlt., T. Leach, 2 minutes ; Our Len, 16ft., A Hare, 3$ minutes ; Thomas Punch, 14ft.', T. M'Far lane, 6j minutes. . Messra. Griffiths, sen., Trouton, and 'Wilthrew ful filled the duties of handi cappers for the above. Mr. H. Ellis was appointed starter and umpire, Mr. J. Hayes timekeeper. 