ROME. ? Tho great Catholio event of the week (says the Roman correspondent of the Irish Catholic writing on 20th March) was, of course, the opening of the College and Provisional Church of St. Patrick, a full account of which was sent you by telegram. It was a hippy day for all Catholics here. Th<! Holy Father sent by his Master of Ceremonies a special blessing to Prior Glynn and all who took part in the ceremonies. Over the altar was a beautiful picture of the Baint by Gagliardi, well known in Ireland as the painter of the portraits of Irish Bishops tor Maynooth. In a room of the house was a painting of the churoh as it is to be, which was much admired by all who saw it. During the day the building was visited by many prominent persons. To the names already sent you are to bo added those of his Grace Mgr. Kirby, Archbishop of Ephesus, Rector of the Irish College; Mgr. Lent), Vice-Gerent of Rome; Mgr. Clerc, Fes. Loekhnrf, O.C. Whitmee, P.S.M.; Jerome Vaugban O.S.B. j Clery, O.S.F.; many Italian monsignors and priests, Commendatore De Rossi, Signor Marucchi, Cnrnmenda tore Handley, Cavaliere Bakcr-Gabb «nd Brady, Signor Gagliardi, Mr. Huffer, Brooklyn; Mr. Hey den, Sydney; Mr, T. P. Gill, M.P., and Mrs. Gill; Lady Doyle, Miss Blake, Miss ltedington, Mrs. and Misses Coxon, Madame de Carreaux, nee Farrelly; Miss Murray, Countess Strozzi, nee Cummyus; Misses lfealy, Miss Colgan, Miss M'Donald, Mcsdnmes Hejdon, Power, and M'Cros, sin, Mr. M. Rafferty, Miss Quinlan, Miss Lynch, Miss Howley, Miss Foley, Misses Murphy, Misses Gavan Duffy, etc. THE SPEECHES AT THE BANQUET. After the religious ceremonies the Prior entertained a most distinguished company to dinner in the beautiful refectory. He it was who proposed the first tosst, " Tho Pope," in tho following eloquent words:—May it please your Eminence, my lords, and gentlemen, the day we oelebrate is one that brings joy to the heart of every child of St. Patrick throughout the world. No matter what land claims him as her own—he may have been born beneath American, Australian, Indian, or African skies, or upon the soil of Ireland itself—with a heart full of gladness he salutes the morning sun of 17th March, because this is, the day set ap&rt; by the Church to commemorate the glories ' of his father in the faith. Hecec est dies quam fecit Domnitx e.rultemvs et tatemtrr in ea. On this day,TIO matter' wherfe oir- cnmstanoes.nila2_have placod'hiin-^n the prairies of the United States of Amerios, in tho primeval forests of Canada, in the bash of Australia, or in, the great manufacturing cities of, New York, Philadelphia, . Boston, Chicago — no matter, I say, wherever his lot may be east beyftnd the great oceans, or ye nestling in the cradle of his race, his eyes are to-day fondly -turned towards this spot; and the first name of any man living that comes before his mind, and that rises unbiddeh upon bis lips, is that of Pope Leo XIII:' To love the Pope tiu doctrine that &U; P*trick gave the ShZ^e. When he had spoken to thelmnchieftains and woifi*the«o S^^mu'tfaUanai&M;^UFtloe. of the Unity and Trinity of God, the Incarnation, Death, and Resurrection of Onr Lord, he baptised them in the name of the Father, Bon, and Holy Ghost. Then he Baid to them—Now that yon are Christians be also Romans, " Ut Christiani ita et Somani titio." You all know how faithfully for over fourteen hundred years the Irish people obeyed this command of their Apostle, how close has, ever since the day that Patrick preaohed on Tara's Hill, been the union of Ireland to the head of the Church, and how deep is the love of the Irish race for the Sovereign Pontiff. Let us to-day from this spot, where St. Celestine gave Patrick the commission to preach the Gospel to the Irish nation, and, assembled as we are in this house, the first dedicated to our ApoBtle in Rome, join our voices to those of St. Patrick's throughout the world in the prayer—" Long live the Pope, and may God protect him from his enemies." Nowhere do we read that the Gospel of Christ was received more cheerfully, or with such immediate splendid results as in Ireland. No sooner was the voice of Patrick heard proclaiming the one God the living and the true, than Ireland at cnce submitted to Christ's law all the faculties of her soul and body, the fire of her intellect, t ho strength of her arm, and the love of her heart. Indeed, Ireland arose at one bound to the very height of sanctity, passing, without almost any intermediate stage, from tho baseness of idolatry to the perfection of the Christian profession. Tho Irish became not only Christians, but saintB and apostles. Indeed, in truth it may bo said that when St. Patrick converted the Irish the blessing of Abraham descended upon him, and he becamc the Father of many nations. How did thiB happen P It came to pass by the introduction of penal laws that forced ; the Irish peoplo to wander into new lands. The prevalence of might over right, and the reign of terror, causcd the Irish race to pour itself out over the globe, and wherever it went it brought the Faith of Patrick, and it laid the foundations of new nations, even as closely united to the Holy See as the motherland. In the North and South of America, and moro especially in the great Republic of the United States, in Australia, in India, and Africa, in tho islands of the great ocean from where the sun rises and where he sets, tho children of the Apostle of Ireland have built up the Catholic Church. Going otit from their native land they travelled along strange roads and among a people that practised not the Catholic religion. Euntes ibant. Oh, how sorrowful it was for them to separate from their dearly departed, that lay buried in'tho lone graveyard! It was hard for them to part from their dear parents, especially the mother that bore them, and therefore they went their way sorrowing: Euntes ibant et flebant. As they traversed the great oceans God's angels could trace .their course by their tears; Euntes ibant et flebant. Whereever they went they brought with them the lessons of piety, of aeep devotion to God's Mother, end of fidelity to the Holy See: Euntes ibant et Jlebant, metentcs scmina ma. Of them it can be truly said that, as a nation, Ireland becamc a nursery of apostles, where every man and woman goingout from their own land preached the Gospel to strange people. The presenoe here to-day of the Most Rev. Secretary of the Propaganda gives us a rare opportunity of hearing from tho lips of one who has a special and official knowledge of tho missions throughout the world what the children of St. Patrick have done for the propagation of the Faith. I ask his Excellency to respond to tho toast of St. Patrick's apoBtolio labours, aB seen in the seed of the Gospel cast by his children in many nations. This speech was received with loud and enthusiastic applanse. SPEECH OF HOB. JACOBINI. When silence was obtained, Archbishop Jacobini rose and said .—I cannot but thank your reverence for the courteous and kind allusions made_ to the Propaganda on this solemn occasion, Maoh less can I do so as the Propaganda itself is grateful to your nation for the paTt whieh it takes in the diffusion of the Gospel of Christ, whioh ii the mission of that venerable congregation. And I-do this also in the name of the Cardinal Prefect, who, unfortunately, is absent, and who assiduously consecrates his most watchful cares to the development of the Faith in the world. I speak of that Faith whieh Saint Patrick brought to you, fulfilling the great mission which he received here from Pope St Cslestine. Of his Apostolato waa truly verified that whioh Onr Lord said Of thi mustard-seed, which is the smallest^ all seeds, but when grown beootoes a tree larger than all o&rt.; W»by StPatnck fructified b a noble ui nation, fullof fai* and devotion to the See of Peter, and it appears that his benediction, who is now crowned in heaven, causes the increase of its fruits indefinitely. (Applause.) The persecution by schism came like violent blasts of wind to scatter the seeds which the tree produoes, which have covered immense lands with these vigor* OUB plants. Thus it is that God MS continued to be glorified, who from human miseries and sorrows so wisely brought about good, The children of Ireland, spread over the measureless regions of the earth, bore high the torch of Faith and manifested it to the nations removed from the Churoh, enlightening them with that Divine light. The Propaganda, more than any other institution, can render secure testimony of this apostolate. But the evidenoe of it even now is so great that the whole world bears testimony to it, (Applause.) Not to mention the benefit the Irish oonferred in the missions of England and Scotland, who can ignore the great part they have had and still have in the diffusion of the Faith in the United States of America, where so many and such distinguished members of that excellent episcopate belong to the noble Irish race, and where the very numerous clergy of that nation have established immortal works P (Applause.) The Irish journeyed northwest to Canada, towards the Northern islands of Newfoundland and New Brunswick, where they struggled with advantage with the Protestant element, and where they make so many eonquosts to Jesus Christ. The Irish passed other seas and entered other continents. They are the pioneers of the Church in the Southern lands of Africa, and especially in the vast missions of the Cape of Good Hope. At least a third part of the people of Australasia is of your nation. The glory of the Catholio Church there is increased by a now hierarchy which has sprung up almost by enchantment on the splendid lands of Australia and New Zealand. (Applause.) Seventy years ago where the name of Christ was almost unknown, now large ecclesiastical provinces, religious orders, and institutes of beneficence spread in great numbers. If I should go over again this almost interminable path I should say—To whom do we owe the greatest number of the splendid monuments of Christianity if not to this nation to whom God has given riches, fruitfulness, and action in order that it may bear His name to so many provinces ? When taking ship you leavo behind tho ancestral churches of the Green Isle; on approaching America you behold the pinnacles of the cathedrals of New York, Baltimore, Philadelphia, and Boston; and almost soaring over the vast region you behold the far distant spires of the Cathedral of San Francisco, which, sovereignlike, overlook the seas of China and Japan, as if to announce that, within a short time, tho reign of Buddha and Confucius should submit to the gentle empire of the Cross of the Redeemer. What shall I say of those most noble centres of Catholio science of which the New World boast®—of the charitable institutions whioh provide for the poor and the orphans, for the abandoned child ? What of the powerful support given to the social question P (Applause.) I might compose the eulogy of the venerable Order of St. Augustine—(applause)—which, having spread in the provinces of America ana Australia, as it had already done in England, contributed foroibly by means of its sons of Irish nationality to the propagation of Christianity. I might recall to mind what great glory tho people of Ireland gave to the Church by the active part they take in the other illustrious religious orders. In faot, I should say of the Irish nation that which at another period was with good reason said of France for the Old World. Then the ancient saying became celebrated in Europe—" Gesta dei per Francos;" and now in the new regions we may boastingly proclaim —" Gesta dei per Eibernos!' What wonder, then, that these people should show forth by the construction in Rome of a great edifice, whieh recalls to the modern world that mission which St. Patriok received there, and the regard in whioh faithful Ireland should be held amongst usP Allow me to add that I behold with inoredible satisfaction the ereetton amongst us of institutions and churches of different nations, which is, as it were, a proclamation of the modern Catholio people, that as they are Christians they will be also Romans. The internationality of Catholio Rome is the secret of its new power, the root of its new' force, the sure pledge of Ike splendid future whieh God it preparing amidst the agitation of the nations in the capital of the Catholic world. (Loud applause.) As to Ireland, I pray God that her mission may continue glorious. I hope that her eons nay always tarn their efrw to thistw^to thsir gnat fatherland, Home, and that they may hoar the Faith in triumph. Woo to her if she should ever lose it. Woe jf the fire which every Irishman carries in hts heart, and which should always bum brightly, should become extinguished. This will be the prayer that I will offer in the new church of St. Patriot, if life be given me to see it completed—"Majr God save Ireland and save her faith 1 And now I propose todrink to thehoalth of the Most Rev. Archbishop of Dub' 1 "— (applause)—of the Archbishop of Cashel —(applause)-and in genoralof the Irish episcopate; and, finally, of Prior Glynn —(applause)—who conccived the idea of constructing this national church; esocially, also, to the health, as I said, of SConsignor Walsh, who, representing on this occasion the Irish episoopato, gives such happy security that the ^temple may turn out to be worthy of Home, and worthy of Ireland. (Loud applause). SPEECH OF MOST BUT. DR. WALSH. To this speech his Grace the Archbishop of Dublin replied, gaining for himself a perfect ovation. JE£o said:— Your Eminence, my Lords, and Gentlemen,— I confess that I am at a loss to know how to thank Monsiguor Jacobini for all that he has said, both of Ireland and of the Irish Bishops, and of myself personally. I trust, at all events, that I shall bo held excused if I shrink from any attempt to express my thanks to him in his own melodious language. It is known, I think I may say, to all of us that, to his other omiDent qualifications for the high ecclesiastical office he so worthily fills, Mgr. Jacobini has added an ample knowledge of the English language. Yet, in speaking here to-day, he has chosen rather to speak in the language with which naturally he is most familiar. I feel, then, that on my purt, I am safe in following his example in this respeot—(laughter)—by keeping to the language which I speak when I am at home. (Laughter and applause.) Let me say, then, that it is nothing new to me to experience kindness at the hands of Mgr. Jaoobini. Nor is it today for the first time that he has given evidenco of his good-will towards Ireland and her people, of his admiration for the constancy with which they have clung to the faith, and of hiB sympathy with them in their sufferings. (Applause.) I can assure you, Moneignore, that your feelings towards us are widely known in Ireland, and that, wherever they are known, they are gratefully and affectionately acknowledged. (Applause.) And now as to the great, and, I will say, memorable, ecclesiastical event that is the ocoasion of our meeting here to-day at the hospitable invitation of Fr. Glynn.it surely is one in which all Irishmen—all Irish Catholics —have good reasons to rejoice. I should not, indeed, speak only of Irishmen. I am glad to find that here in Home, aB elsewhere, the rejoicing is not confined to Irishmen alone. (Applause.) But even amongst Irishmen I do not know of anyone who can with better reason rejoice in it than our worthy host, the Prior of St. Patrick's. (Applause.) It was hardly, indeed, in keeping with one of tho main characteristic features of the faith of our Irish people that here, in Homo, in the centre of tho Catholic world, wo, Irishmen, never had built a church in honour of the apostle of our nation. I may say that this was somehow out of harmony with one of the main characteristics of IriBh faith *, for I think I may elaim for our IriBh people that they are essentially and distinctively a church-building race. (Applause.) It is so at home in Ireland. Within the last fifty years—and the work is Btill going on from year to year, it is going on to-day as energetically as ever— (applause)—they have built up for us, they are still building up for us, throughout the length and breadth of Ireland, spacious and magnificent churches— churches that, whether in their number or in the beauty of their architecture, will more than make compensation to us for the venerable churches of Ireland that were taken from us in the past. (Loud applause.) Even in the diocese of Dublin, where such enormous rogress in this respect had already Seen made within the present century, and more especially within the time of my three immediate predecessors, there are at this moment in course of ereoUon . a number of churohes, the foundation atone of whioh I have laid ainea I was last in Rome three years ago. These churches are being built, as all our churches in Ireland are built, without Stato aid, without public aid of any kind, by the unaided efforts, and ont of the uo- Btiuted generosity of our people. (Loud appUu«e.) It is so in Ireland. It is so in America. It is so in Australia. It is to all the world over, wherever Irish Catholics an to be found. Undoubtedly, ; then. it was in some cease a re- . Broach to w ttat we, >ad new thought oE building here in Home a ohuroh in honour of the saint who brought Faith to bi frost Some— (applause)—the saint to whose apostolic labours, inspired and sustained as they were by the blessing of the Holy See, that fervent practical Faith, aB we know it to-day, can trace baok its history through fourteen centuries. (Applause.) I do not deny—I o&nnot; deny—that it was in some Bense a reproach to us. That reproach has now been removed by the earnestness, and the indomitable earnestness and energy, of Fr. Glynn— (applause)—and by the zeal that haB inspired thatenergy—his zeal for the honour of St. Patrick, hisown patron saint, as well as the apostle of our nation. I do not know how many years it may bo—perhaps it is hardly a fair point to put to him —I do not know how many years it may be since Fr. Glynn was baptised— (laughter and applause) — how many years it may be since he had the good fortune to be placed under the guardianship of so powerful a protector. We can have no doubt that, throughout those years, he has been indebted to that protecting guardianship for so many blessings. St. Patrick, if I may say it, has run up a long and heavy account against him—an account or dangers and evils averted, and of blessings conferred. Well, I think I oau speak for all who are here to-day in saying that, long and heavy as that account may be, Fr. Glynn, by the good work he has been engaged in, here in Home, in Ireland, and in Amerioa, for the last few years, may fairly claim to have made, at all events, good progress in clearing it off. (Applause.) If the long-standing reproach has at length been removed from us, if the long-deferred honour has at length been rendered to St. Patrick, we owe it, St. Patrick owes it, to Fr. Glynn. (Applause.) Many years ago I was deeply impressed bv an expression in a letter of a great ecclesiastic, nob himself an Irishman, an Englishman—one of the greatest of living Englishmen, and, let me add, one of the foremost amongst those under the infiuenoe of whose practical sympathy so muoh of the old asperity of feeling that had kept asunder the Irish and the English people has happily in our day disappeared into the almost forgotten past. (Applause.) I need hardly say that I mean the Archbishop of Westminster, Cardinal Manning. (Loud and long applause.) His Eminence, writing Borne years ago, on an occasion of a special festival in St. Patrick's honour, recalled to our minds the significant fact that at the Vatican Council no saint in heaven, after the twelve Apostles, could count among his children in the faith so many mitred sons as St. Patrick. (Applause.) Well, it may be, and no doubt it iB, an honour even to a saint in heaven to be able, as St. Patrick is, to number amongst his children so many prelates of tho Church, not in Ireland only, but all the world over—in England, in America, in Australia, in New Zealand, in Afrioa, in the Indies, east and west. But somehow all of us, Bishops and Archbishops as we are, must feel to-day, that we are thrown into tho shade. One Irish priest, Fr. Glynn, has done for the apostle of our nation and of our race what, but for him, might never have been done. (Loud and prolonged applause.) It surely would be a singular ingratitude on our part if we were in any way to fail in sustaining him in his work, if we were in any degree to withhold from him any support that we could give to him to aid him in bringing this work to completion. Fr. Glynn thanks me for being here to-day. I have indeed to regret that as yet I have not been able to give to him all that material help in his work that it will be my duty to give. Therefore it is that I have felt myself under the obligation to be with him here, to acoept the invitation that he sent me, giving me the privilege of opening the temporary Church of St. Patrick to public worship, and of being the first to offer up the holy sacrifice within its walls, as £ had the privilege three years ago of laying its foundationstone. (Applause.) I ought not, perhaps, to add another word. Yet I do not wish to omit mentioning one matter of merely personal interest. I trust I may mention it without seeming to forget what is due to the dignity of the great ecclesiastical event of to-day and of this distinguished assemblage that has met here to honour it When I first came .to Rome—it was eight years ago—I was a stranger in the city. I knew no one here. Naturally anxtous as I was to bring with me such letters of introduction as would enable me to see as muoh as possible of all that was to be seen here, and to make my visit instructive to me as well at interesting, I went to a friend in Dublin who knew Borne well, and who had many acquaintances here. I asked him for some letters of introduction, and I suggested thathe should give me a good number or taem. In reply he asked me one question, H» asked m did 1 not know Fr.Glyna. the Prior of the .Irish Auguitiniauhojwe at postorulap I had to admit toMt I did not. (Laughter.) Then, said he, I will give you just one letter of introduction, a letter to J>r. Glynn—(applause)—and you will hnd that letter as useful to you m every way as if I gave you letters to everyone 1 know in Rome. (Applause.) I had not been many days in Rome when I had abundant proof that this was simply and literally true. I never can forget the kindness I received from Fr. Glynn during the weeks of that first visit oE mine to the Eternal City. Remember, I was not then a bishop. (Laughter and applause.) I have never, indeed, come to Rome that Fr. Glynn has not been almost prodigal of aots of kindness towards me. But I always remember that in this there was no difference from first to last, and that the kindness, the warm and generous kindness, with whioh he never failed to receive mo, and to place at my disposal every service that be could render to me, was precisely the same when I came hero as an Irish priest as it is to-day, when I find myself received with BO much honour as Archbishop of Dublin. (Loud applause.) It is a happiness to me it I can feel that Fr. Glynn accepts my coming from Ireland for this ceremony as some little return for the many obligations under which he has placed me. The Archbishop concluded by proposing the health of Fr. Glynn, which* was received with the greatest enthusiasm. THE rOPB AND ST. PATRICK^. At the request of Archbishop Walsh, the Popo received in audience on Thursday a select representation of Irish, consisting of the Very Rev. Dr. M'Grath, Prior Glynn, W. Walsh, O.S.A.; Count Harry Cassell, Mr. P. L. Connellan (both of the permanent committee), Count John Good, Brooklyn ; Mr. T. P. Gill, M.P., and Mrs. Gill, Mr. J. W. Foley and daughter, Dublin; Mr. and MrB. Heydon, Sydney; Father and Mr. GleeBon. It was natural that Prior Glynn was the first presented. The Pontiff, while he knelt in front of him, said that he had followed the events of last Tuesday, and expressed the great desire he had of seeing a church dedicated to St. Patrick rising in this centre of Catholio Faith. He praised the work already done, and expressed his gratification at the faot that the Archbishop of Dublin had come expressly to Rome for this occasion. He hoped sincerely that the events in Ireland would not impede the progress of the work and the speedy completion of the Church of St. Patrick, who has so many children in the Faith throughout the world. He had no doubt that the Bishops of Ireland, and of the Irish people in other countries, would use every effort to further this great and noble work. The untiring zeal and devotion of Prior Glynn (who had gone even to America to make collections and ask for alms) constitute, it may be hoped, a secure pledge for the ultimate success of the work. " Now," said the Holy Father, with a Bmile, " we also have made a speech, and it is enough." Of each person presented, his Holiness asked kind questions, and to several he Bpoke words not readily to be forgotten. When old Mr. Gleeson was presented the Pope said, "Your face shows forth your Faith." He was greatly interested in Mr. Gill's position as an Irish Catholic member, referred to his previous visit to Rome, and blessed affectionately both himself and wife. From Mr. Heydon he made inquiries concerning Cardinal Moran ana the progress of the cathedral. To Count Good he Baid that his merits had entitled him to the honours bestowed upon him. Then, again blessing all present, he returned to the private apartments. The Archbishop was promised a private audience for next week. 