THE MERCURY. HOBART MONDAY, FEB. 2, 1891. EPITOME OF NEWS. Royal Museum in Elizabeth-street opens daily. Maria Island Post Office closed until further notice. Annual meeting of members of the Working Men's Club tomorrow evening at 8 o'clock. Bland Holt's benefit to the Industrial Schools this evening at Theatre Royal. Lizzie Hastings Minstrels make first ap- pearance at Town Hall this evening. An extraordinary meeting of the Mutual Marine Insurance Co. will be hold at Laun- ceston on the 17th inst. Break o' Day v. Derwent pennant match. Derwent, first innings, 142 ; Break o' Day four wickets for 149. Champion sculling match on Tamar on- Saturday, between Young and Stephenson, won by the latter. A marine named Armitage, of H.M.S. Cordelia, has won £6,300 on investment of 10s. in a sweep on the Anniversary Handicap run at Randwick last Monday. Present arrangements with the T.S.N. Co. for transit of English and Intercolonial mails will be continued for a few days longer in order to give Postmaster-General time to make definite arrangements with the Vic- torian postal authorities. A military revolt has occurred at Oporto. Silver has dropped to 46.7/8d. per oz.. Capt. Acland Hood chosen as Unionist candidate for West Somerset. More discoveries of alluvial gold reported from Africa. Prices at London wool sales generally well maintained. Investments in Victorian loan expected to be freely made. Threatened strike in shipping trade said to be a canard. Meissonier, th celebrated French painter, is dead. Sir F. N. Broome temporarily replaces Sir Walter Sendall as Governor of Barbados. Racehorse Megaphone said to be injured and unlikely to fulfil V.R.C. engagements. Scotch railway strike now virtually ended, Caledonian Railway Co. having come to terms with strikers. Caroline natives have entrapped Spanish troops in ambuscades, and perpetrated great slaughter. Spanish commandant has suicided. It is reported that Iquique has been re- captured from the Chilian rebels, and that they have been defeated in other places. The Italian Ministry resigns consequent on defeat over proposals for increased duties on spirits. Rumours current that the English and Italian fleets have made a demonstration at Valparaiso. H.M.S. Dart now off Wilson's Promontory searching for the sunken rock on which ship Carlisle was wrecked in August last. Court of Appeal has reduced damages in the Knowles v. Duncan case from £10,000 to £6,500 conditionally on speedy payment of costs. Two young men named Coward and O'Halloran charged with grievously wound- ing man named Anderson, at Footscray. Coward is a well-known footballer and pedestrian. ******************** Quite a sudden fit of virtue in ??? to mining companies has come upon our friends in Victoria, urged thereto, apparently, by the Minister of Mines, who, being a new broom, wants to make a clean sweep. He proposes, through the mining Exchanges, of all places in the world, to make pro- vision to prevent the formation of what are called " bogus " mining companies, and to put a stop to that cheerful, and sometimes profitable, occupation, which in Ballarat used to be called " prospectusing," in contra- distinction to prospecting. The pro- posals which have been made to this end are, certainly, highly original and peculiar, and about as likely to prove satisfactory as the performance called whistling jigs to mile-stones. In the first place, it is quite impossible by any legislation yet devised, or likely to be devised, to save a fool from the consequences of his folly. Nor are we at all sure that it is deniable to save him. The only way in which he is at all likely to be made wise, is by his own experience, for which he must pay, and pay well, or he will not think it of any value. We may con- clude, therefore, that whatever the legislation may be, there will always be a certain number of persons who will be ready to jump at any bait, and that they cannot be prevented parting with their money. Again, it is a maxim of British law, derived from the Roman law, that the buyer must take care of himself; caveat emptor, is the phrase, and there does not appear to be any reason why it should not apply to mining as well as to other ventures. We do not hear people complain because they have lost their money in backing horses, and it they do, nobody has the least pity for them, yet a man who buys mining shares, of which he knows less than about the horses, expects to have the law set in motion if he loses in his speculation. The simple fact is, that many persons go into mining com- panies without the least inquiry into or knowledge of, the ground proposed to be worked, and have only themselves to blame if they lose. If they will do mining business in a way in which they would do no other kind of business, what can they expect ? They would not buy a house, a piece of land, a horse, or oven a pair of gloves without seeing them, yet they will buy shares in mines of which they know nothing. The aim of the MINISTER OF MINES in Victoria seems to be to guard such persons against their own folly, and the general answer is, naturally enough, that it cannot be done. Indeed, the Minister went so far as to propose that the mine should be placed on the market without the certificate of an expert (of course a Government officer) that there was a reasonable prospect of success just as if such certificates are not given by the dozen, and are not about as valuable as the paper on which they are written. As a matter of fact the promoters of companies are always ready to get the opinion of experts, as they help con- siderably to make the shares go off, but some of the biggest failures have been ushered into life with the certify- cate of these very persons. Most persons who know anything about mining know, that an expert can only, when he does his best and is most conscientious, estimate probabilities, and that it is only work, sheer work, which can determine whether a claim is valuable. Every year the experts of New South Wales give lists of large areas of valuable ground left un- worked, but the miners do not bother their heads about them, because they know that practical experience has proved that the ground cannot be made to pay. Other suggestions have been made, such as requiring the subscribing of a certain proportion of the capital before the company can be registered which is an old, and quite useless device. It was always evaded in one way or another, and always ,can be whilst it is quite useless as a test of the value of a company. In fact the law in relation to no-liability companies had some provision of the kind at one time in this colony, but it proved to be a mere delusion, and seemed to give a security which did not exist. In- deed, it was rather an absurdity in connection with a no-liability com- pany, from which nothing could be recovered, whilst it is obvious that even if an amount was paid up at the outset, it could be spent by a resolu- tion of the first meeting of directors. It was, however in practice never paid up, and there is no reason, why it should be. Many other proposals have been made, all with a view to guard people against the effects of their own folly, but it is now agreed, after much discussion which only repeated what was said years ago that there is no way which the law can take care of those who will not take care of themselves. The perception of this fact was, indeed, the origin of the no- liability system, the mere mention of which shocked the judges and lawyers, who have how come to see that it is the very best system after all. Under the old system the rogues and the experienced escaped, whilst the innocent were left to bear all the burden, and frequently saw no end to their liabilities. The only direction in which any useful work can be done, is in that recently taken by English legislation. This has been directed towards the prevention of fraud, which the law can and should deal with, by providing that those who put their names on prospectuses shall be liable for the statements which they contain. Even this provision has been made in a modified form, as it was shown that there were many legitimate ventures which were uncertain in then nature, so that it is provided that there shall be shown a reasonable probability that what was said was true. Moreover, if it can be shown, that promoters or directors had reasonable grounds for believing that a statement was true although it turns out to be false they are not liable for damages but they are bound to show proper grounds for their belief. This is all that can be done, and is, in fact, all that is required. So long as the public is guarded against absolute fraud, it gets all the protection that is possible or desirable, for it would be both foolish and unjust to hold promoters or directors liable for estimates of the value of claims, which everybody knows is a mere matter of conjecture. There have been cases in which companies have been launched without any claim, and these are cases of fraud in which the guilty should be punished but beyond fraud the law cannot equitably or wisely go, as everybody knows that mining is an "adventure," and every- one goes into it with his eyes open as to the risk which he undertakes. Some melancholy mimes at Brisbane have been enacting in the Petty Debt Court what to themselves must have been a "tedious brief ?? of very tragical birth," though though affording supreme content to that section of the gentle public enjoying nothing so much as hearing theatrical affairs discussed. The Courier says that extraordinary scenes were witnessed, and the constable had great difficulty in maintaining order. The excite- ment arose over the old old tale in an actor's life — hard work and no salary. The cases dealt with are of general interest from the fact that the court in its decisions has practically brought within the range of ordinary part- nership a transaction not generally recog- nised as such. Stanfield, the manager of a theatrical company, finding himself in finan- cial difficulties, induces one Frank Whyte to advance him a loan, and to subsequently enter into an agreement which ran thus:- " Memo, of an agreement made this 18th day of December, between D'Arcy Stanfield, theatrical manager, and Frank Whyte" accountant, whereby in consideration of the latter advancing the sum of £50, and agree- ing to pay for newspaper advertisements, printing, posting, ticket seller, and ticket takers, the former agrees to his taking 50 per cent, of the gross receipts of the pantomime season, commencing on the 26 inst., and placing his own money takers in the ticket boxes. It is understood between the parties that the rent is the first charge on the receipts." The station commenced, and the performances were the usual triumphal suc- cesses of playbill parlance, but " the ghost did not walk." In plain words, the members of the company were not paid. Mr. Stan- field appears to have become more impecuni- ous than before, and Mr. Whyte, whose association with Stanfield in the enterprise had revived the drooping faith of the company, and induced them to continue their engage- ments, he having also, as stated in evidence, guaranteed payment to some of the people, suddenly assumed the role of the stern, un- relenting, mortgagee, and disclaimed being, in any sense of the word, a partner. In his evidence he avowed that he had a detesta- tion of theatricals; that he had made no agreement with the actors, and that he had lost money over the transaction. The Bench gave judgment against Whyte, hold- ing him as a partner, and counsel gave notice of appeal with a view to getting the opinion of the Supreme Court on points raised. Concurrently with these cases arising at the Theatre Royal, have been others at the Opera House, Brisbane, in which a theatrical manager, named Carrollas reported in the local Pres has tried shelter him- self behind the plea that his wife was running the show and defrayed expenses out of money advanced by her mother. Judgements were given for the plaintiffs. At present theatrical matters in Queensland are in a perilous state. One unlucky actor witness was threatened with contempt of court for hazarding the remark, "It is a pity that the Bench or some responsible person does not make bogus managers enter into a bond to pay their employees. If this were done they could not strand unfortunate people in a strange city." Probably the Bench in its wisdom thought such a remark verged on the ridiculous, seeing that such a bond would in most cases be a mere rope of sand. ******************************* THE public back is a broad one, and it is well that it should be so, if all the burdens that are placed upon it one after another are to be borne in patience and in silence. The most recent promulgation of a would-be addition to the responsibilities of a long- suffering people is to be found in the utter- ances of a certain Civil servant, who com- plained that the public, though quick to make a fuss about anything that went wrong in the work, did not utter the slightest commendation when the Service was carried on with smoothness. This is the first time we have seen this demand in print, although we believe it has been pretty generally held in the circles mentioned for some time, and we hesitate to allow it to go unchallenged, because it opens up such a vista of duty that life under such conditions would be unbearable. We, unlike the gentleman we have quoted, have always held that it was quite enough for the ordinary citizen to have to do the amount of grumbling and agitation it has, before anything which goes awry in the public service to the dis- arrangement of his business concerns is put right ; and we should certainly decline to add to that trouble the continual search for well-doers. Besides, if it were once adopted, we can hardly see where it would and, as if the postman and telegraph sprite were thought worthy of recognition for his respective labour's, why should (and here we take our friend the Civil, servant with us as a coadjutor), we withhold a similar pat on the back from the representatives of the butcher, the baker, and the candlestick maker ? And so we might go on into all the paths of human life until existence would become a series of monotonous " vain repe- titions," unless the world very shortly be- came incorrigibly naughty for sheer con- trariness and to put an end to a most satiating reign of compliment. In fact, we think that the gist of our friend's complaint is the very thing we ought most to cultivate in our worldly affairs. So long us we do our duty faithfully and draw our salary regularly that is about as much an we have the right to expect, and the chief cause for rejoicing should be when a slight flaw in the carrying out of the first-named branch of re- sponsibility is not followed out by a reduction in the other branch. If both branches are carried out honestly and to the letter no one need take the slightest exception to such a happy state of things prevailing. One of the comical things that we have re- cently met with in the way of objection to argument, and we meet with a great many comic things at times, is a plea, urged by a correspondent, against the taxation of the profits of miners. It is urged that mining has already given a considerable revenue to the Government, which is, no doubt, a fact, but it is conveniently forgotten that this revenue comes from persons who are shepherding the public estate in the hope of eventually making a large profit out of their claims. They are not, for the most part, spending a penny-piece themselves, beyond the rent which they pay for their leases, and yet we are asked to pity them because they have to pay rent. If they were at work, really trying to develop the resources of the country, they might claim to have their rent made as light as possible, or even, in some cases, to be altogether exempt, but to expect that anybody will pity them because they pay rent for claims which they are not work- ing, is about as curious an argument as we have heard for some time. Again, it is urged that miners are unfairly treated because they have to pay a dividend tax on perhaps, only a single dividend from a claim, though this is rarely the case. But, even if it should so happen that a company only paid one or two dividends, and then collapsed, the share- holders are not only no worse, but a good deal better off than most other people. A tradesman may carry on a business for years at a loss, and yet has to pay taxes all the same, and is rated according to the amount that he has expended on his pre- mises, and in other ways. In fact, all persons who are taxed at all are liable to be taxed on what they have made without fully replacing their original capital, and the tax on dividends operates more fairly, in this respect, than any other tax we know, certainly more fairly than an income tax. Of course, miners may contend that they have no right to be taxed at all, and so many farmers, who claim to be the real bone and sinew of the country, but, then, the legislator has to deal with practical matters, and is bound to treat all classes alike, or take the consequences. ****************** INTERCOLONIAL MAILS. —We learn from the manager of the T.S.N. Co. that Mr Magrath, Secretary to the Post Office at request of the Treasurer, has asked that the T S N. Co. should continue existing arrange- ments for the conveyance of English and intercolonial mails for a few days longer in order to give Mr Bird time to arrive at some definite understanding with the Vic- torion postal authorities. Mr.Fisher, on behalf of the Tasmanian company, has as- sented to this wish. UNCLAIMED TELEGRAMS. — Messages ad- dressed E. Clarke and T C. Fletcher, Der- went Hotel await claimants at the Telegraph Office. THEATRE ROYAL.— The attendance on Saturday evening, when London Day by Day was presented for the second time, was very good. The numerous thrilling inci- dents woven into the plot were all strikingly presented, and deep interest in the varying fortunes of the heroine and her friends manifested by the audience, calls before the curtain following the close of each act. The completeness of staging again evoked con- siderable commendatory mention, the Leicester-square and St. Catherine Docks settings receiving special marks of approval. To-night a special feature in relation to the performance is the fact that it takes the form of a benefit, the gross proceeds of which are to be devoted to the Boys' and Girl's Industrial Schools. The claims these institutions have upon the public should be sufficiently widely known without special presentation, but on the subject of patron- ising the theatre this evening nothing more to the point can be written than was con- tained in Mr. Bland Holt's circular to the public, wherein he directed attention to the fact that they have it solely in their power to render valuable assistance to a deserving object, and by patronising this particular performance make the affair of inestimable benefit to unfortunate children, who, through no fault of their own, are depen- dent on public sympathy — sympathy which is always generously accorded. It is reason- able to infer that there will be a "record" in the matter of attendance to-night. INDUSTRIAL SCHOOLS BENEFIT. — Tonight Mr. Bland Holt has very generously placed the Theatre Royal and his company entirely at the disposal of the Controlling Com- mittees of the Boys' and Girls' Industrial Schools, and the gross proceeds of the per- formance London Day by Day will be equally divided between these institutions. This is the first occasion upon which so open handed an offer has been made, and it is to be hoped that the attendance will evidence on the part of the Hobart public an appre- ciation thereof, together with an earnest of a desire to assist two such deserving objects. The great claims they have upon our sym- pathies cannot be over-estimated, and the opportunity of materially aiding in the good work is here afforded. In conclusion, we would here remark that if there should be any who would wish to aid the schools, but not to witness the performance, that no compulsion in the matter of using tickets after purchase exists, and a ready manner of extending their sympathies is thus fur- nished. THE ROYAL MUSEUM.— An exhibition of much merit was opened on Saturday even- ing in premises in Elizabeth street adjoining the shop of Mr. C. Davis, ironmonger.It consists of an exhibition of electric and mechanical wonders in conjunction with a cyclorama and novelty show. In the electric department a number of machines are seen in motion propelled by electricity. They comprise a railway, pumping engine, wind- mill, workshop, driving engine and musical box, and the sight is almost interesting one. Close by is a clever mechanical novelty en- titled "The City of Wonders," showing a moving ship, travelling railway, working windmill and a balloon ascension in active progress. A timepiece with miniature trees and singing birds, and " the mechanical musicians," a lady playing the piano and a gentleman a violoncello, complete the won- ders in mechanism. In waxworks there is a gallery of celebrities represented with fidelity. General and Mrs. Mite are on view as they appeared on the day of their wedding, and lady visitors will find something to admire in the dress of the bride. Ned Kellys of the celebrated "Kelly gang," Louisa Collins, the Botany murderess ; James Carey, the informer against the Phœnix Park murderers, are also among the celebrities represented in wax. In another department a number of zoological curios are grouped. A curious specimen of humanity, if such it can be called, is on view in the shape of a boy having a head with two horns, claw hands, cloven feet, and a tail. If this does not actually supply Dar- win's " missing link," it must be admitted that it is something in that direction. A specimen of the reptile family is seen in the Aconda or Giant Serpent. Included in this exhibition are four baby alligators, and freaks of nature in the shape of an eight- legged kitten, a four-legged chicken; and a two headed calf. Having examined all these novelties and curiosities visitors will find variety by taking a peep at the cyclorama which contains some splendid pic- tures illustrative of historic incidents in the Crimean, Russo-Turkish, and Zulu wars, adventures in the Wild West of America, showing scalping Indians raiding the abodes of civilisation, and vivid representations of some of the large fires that have devastated European cities. Last, but not least, the visitor will probably feel inclined to pay his or her respects to Zingara, the Gipsy Queen, an exponent of the mysteries of the past, present and future. Judging from the numbers that entered her boudoir on Satur- day evening, a large proportion of whom were gentlemen, her popularity will be great in this city. The exhibition is advertised to open daily from 10 a.m. till 10 p.m , and is well worth a visit. OPERATIC.— Miss Tasma Sherwin, a native of Hobart, where her musical train- ing commenced, has, during the past few years, cultivated her art in the adjoining colonies. After the recent season in Hobart of the Montague-Turner Opera Company, Miss Sharwin, who previously performed with the company in New South Wales and Victoria, was re-engaged in order to relieve Miss Montague from the tax of nightly ap- pearing as prima donna. We reprint from two critiques in the Bendigo Advertiser, re- ceived by the last mail, extracts which cannot fail to prove gratifying to Miss Sherwin's numerous friends resident in her birthplace :— "A very large and apprecia- tive audience assembled at the Princess' Theatre last evening on the occasion of Miss Montague's benefit. M??non, though not familar to most lovers of opera, is one that will certainly improve on acquaintance. Miss Montague filled the title role, and added another to her long list of successes. Miss Tasma Sherwin sang and acted the part of Filina in a most vivacious manner. Her music is of a very high pitch and florid character, and her light flexible soprano voice was heard to the very best advantage, the solo, "Behold my Golden Sceptre," being very fine. The next evening the com- pany brought a very successful session to a close when the ever pleasing opera of The Bohenian Girl was performed (by special request), and considering Saturday was the worst night in the week for an opera com- pany, there was a very fair audience. The rolé of Arline was entrusted to Miss Tasma Sherwin, who both surprised and delighted the audience by the excellent manner in which she represented the character. Her sweet and musical voice enabled her to give the solo, "I Dreamt I Dwelt in Marble Halls," with becoming pathos and expres- sion, and won for her a unanimous encore. Altogether her pourtrayal (sic) of Arline was a pleasing and satisfactory one." LAWN TENNIS.— A return match between the New Town Lawn Tennis Club and a team from the Melbourne University, was played on Saturday at Waratah, New Town. Messrs. Chomley, Officer, Wallen, and Grant represented the University, and Messrs. Brooks, Collier, Mason, and Tregear the locals. Notwithstanding the downpour of rain that set in late in the afternoon, there was a good attendance of visitors, and the matches proved fast and interesting. Four singles and one double were played with the following results: — Singles — Chomley (U.), beat Brookes (N.T.), 10 to 8; Collier (N.T ), beat Officer (U.) 10 to 3; Wallon (U.), beat Tregear (N.T ), 10 to 9; Mason (N. W.) , beat Grant (U. ), 10 to 3. The double was played by Messrs Chomley and Wallen for the 'Varsity, and Messrs. Brookes and Collier for the New Town, and resulted in a win for the locals by 10 to 9. This was a most exciting match, and splen- did play was shown on both sides. The locals therefore won the match by 12 games. It is to be regretted that the visitors cannot prolong their stay and meet other teams in the South. A STREAK OF LUCK.— It was authorita- tively stated in the city on Saturday last that a marine named Armitage belonging to H. M. S. Cordelia, now in the Derwent, had received a draft for £6,300 from the pro- moters of a big sweep in Sydney. The sweep was on the Anniversary Handicap run at Randwick on Anniversary Day (January 26), the entrance fee being 10s., and the prize to the drawer of the first horse £7,000 Highborn, won the race, Armitage had drawn him and the amount he received after the usual charges had been taken off was £6,300. CITY POLICE COURT.— Mr. W. Tarleton, P.M., and Mr. Jas. Gregory, J. P., presided at the City Police Court on Saturday. Henry Hatfield, for disturbing the peace, was fined 42s., in default two months. Mary Ann Millard, an offender with a record of no less than 30 convictions, had also to pay 42s. 62., or go to prison for two months. John Scanlon, David Pelham, and James Pelham were charged with stealing a barrel of beer, the property of John Clayden, of the Telegraph Hotel. They were remanded until Tuesday. Wellington Watkins, a wife deserter, had surrendered himself to the police, and was remanded until Friday next, bail being allowed, himself in £20, and another surety for a like amount. The Court then rose. TENDERS ACCEPTED. — The following ten- ders have been accepted by the Public Works Department:— Road, Franklin to Honeywood, contract 2, Bennett and Har- wood, £185 9s 3d. Road, Torquay ??? Northdown, supply and delivery of stones J. Dick, 270 cubic yards ??? delivered according to ??? J. Bal- dock, 200 cubic yards, and at 2s. 6d., ditto. Branch Roads Construction Act, 1888 — Road, Forcett to Lewisham, contract 2, Featherstone and Braithwaite, £11. ??? Road, Finger post to Turner's Marsh, con- tract 6, W. and S. Bassett, £120 7s. Road, Swamp-road contract 2, Stanton and White, £115. Road, Guy's road into Crown lands, contract I. A. Stanton, £150. Road, Ecclestone via Cormiston to back Settlements, contract 3, D. O'Callaghan £470 8s 3d. Road, Lisle township to Lisle Railway station, contract 2, C.Besse 1, £176 3s 6d. Road, Prosser's Forrest-road, from Piper's River-road, contract 3, D. Healey and Bros. £175 17s. Road, Avenue-road contract 1, Flower and Kenton, £245 12s. Road from Lachlan Main-road to Swamp Gum Hill, contract 1, W. Gard, £90 19s 9d. Road, Parattah to Tunnack, getting and cartage of stone, about 2,100 cubic yards, S. Bailey, at 2s 6d. per cubic yard, total £262 10s. Roads, vicinity of Upper Little Forrester River, road leading to selec- tions of Partridge, Watson, and Jeffrey, on westbank of Little Forrester River, con- tract 3, Everett and O'Brien, £74 13s 9d. Roads, Parish of Upper Huon, Newbon's- road, contract 11, R. Newborn, £20 72. Roads, Parish of Tyenna, vicinity of Rus- sell's Falls, contract, 1. E. Marriott, £190 14s. 9d.; contract 2, D G. Clifford, £259 19s. Roads, Tasman's Peninsula — Road, Taranna, via Cascades and Impression Bay to Saltwater River, contract 20, J. D. and G. B. Batchelor, £227; contract 21, J. Price, £66 State School, Old Beach, repairs, painting, etc., J. Cronly, £28 Hospital for Insane, New Norfolk, re-roofing ladies' cottage with iron, A. Fyle, £159 2s. 6d. Police quarters, Zeehan, repairs, G. C. Weber and Sons, £52 2s 6d. Standards for adjustable drawing tables, Davidson and Blown, nine sets, at £4 17s. per set, General repairs to public buildings, etc., in and about Hobart, plum- ber's work, E. Maher, at 11 per cent under standard prices in schedule. Maintenance of fireplugs, £15 per annum. The tender of J. Hills for contract 1, road, Zeehan to Dundas, section Braddon, Curtain, and Fysh steets, has been transferred to William Cross. MINISTERIAL PICNIC.— The second of the Ministerial picnics at Glenora took place on Saturday, and a large number of guests ac- cepted the invitation, the fine weather pre- vailing in the morning giving promise of a pleasant day; unfortunately , however, heavy rain fell in and around Glenora, and this to some extent marred the festivity. A special train conveyed the guests to the scene of operations, these including the Bishop of Tasmania and four bishops now visiting the colony. DAVEY-STREET CONGREGATIONAL SCHOOL. — The children at this school had a treat yesterday in an address from Captain Castle, of H. M. S. Rapid, with reference to the work of the missionaries in the islands of the South Seas. The gallant captain has been a keen observer of the work done at the various islands, and as an eye witness can speak with authority. The address was rendered all the more interesting by reason of a map specially prepared, showing the relative positions of the chief islands, and their proximity to our little island, and the great continent of Australia, and from this map it appeared that there is one spot, viz., New Caledonia, situated as it were in the midst of the other fair, and in the future to be prosperous, islands, which must change owners, let us hope by a friendly exchange or purchase, in order that no other Power but the Mother Country shall have a voice in the Government of the Pacific. Captain Castle took the children with him to the different places, and showed where the devoted and hard worked missionaries were, and referred in most complimentary terms to the good and Christian work done by the various societies, notably the London Missionary Society, with its head quarters at Samoa, having its 50 stations scattered in the other small islands, where the teachers are turning darkness into light, and bringing the heathen to the knowledge of the only true and living Saviour. The Wesleyans, whose centre is at Tonga, but whose work pervades many of the islands lying to the north, south, east and west, the Pres- byterian missions, who have been long labouring at the New Hebrides, and whose honest and painstaking work should not be interfered with by a foreign Power, the mission of Bishop Selwyn, located at the Solomon Islands, from whence labourers in the Christian work journey far and wide, no islands being too far distant, too hostile or too small to prevent work being done in them, the schooner Southern Cross, belonging to the mission being most useful in the transport of or the workers. The French Protestant Mission in the Society Islands and the Austral Group being also mentioned with great respect for the self-denying character of the workers and the good resulting from the work. The Roman Catholic Missions were also referred to by the captain with the highest praise, work being done agt Samoa, Fortuna, and the Wallace Group, where there is a large cathedral, and where there is also a band of musicians dressed like Zouaves, and whose music is excellent. Captain Castle is firmly of opinion that the work done is bearing fruit, and assures those who have been and are now contributing to the missions, that the moneys have been, and will be, spent in a way that reflects credit on the spenders, and is being utilised just as successfully as on the work on our own shores. The address was rendered most interesting by views of peoples, places, and doings at the islands, and was interspersed by anecdotes of an illustrative and telling kind. At the close of the address the Superintendent of the School thanked the captain for the address, and the children showed their appreciation by acclamation. After school a number of the teachers and elder scholars remained for a time and ex- amined many articles of use exhibited by the captain, also photographs of places, etc., a large number of which were inspected with great interest. We feel quite sure if Cap- tain Castle could spare the time the address might be repeated with great benefit to other schools in our city, and thus a great impetus be given to the cause of missionary affairs in the South Seas. LITTLE ANNIE GELLIE. — The funeral of the little child Annie Jane Gellie, who died from suffocation, having accidentally swal- lowed a bladder whistle at the Goulburn- street school playground, took place on Saturday. The coffin was covered with floral crosses and wreaths brought as tokens of affection and regret by her numerous schoolmates and companions. In our report of the inquest the name was inadvertently given as "Rule" instead of "Gellie." MR. CHARPENTIER AND THE STUDENTS.— We have received a copy of a requistion, which is to be presented to Mr. Charpentier, from the ex-students of the Technical School. The request is, that Mr. Charpentier will open a private class of instruction at an early date, "and each signature attached hereto will be a guaranty of passing through a 12 months course." The requisition refers to the great good that Mr. Charpentier has done since he inaugurated technical education in Tas- mania, "and more particularly amongst us, and which we have not been slow in recog- nise." The students sincerely hope, should the Government fail to reinstate Mr. Char- pentier in his legitimate place as teacher in the Technical School, that he will see his way to comply with their request. The requisition bears 51 signatures. It will be interesting to learn what the Technical Board has to say to this. SONG LECTURES.— Mr. Whitehead de- livered one of his sacred song servicves at the Melville-street Wesleyan Church last even- ing, the building being crowded. The sub- ject of his lecture was "The New Song," and during its delivery the lecturer sand the solo parts of several well-known sacred songs, the congregation joining enthu- siatically in the chorus. The lecture was chiefly confined to illustrating the great power of music. He maintained that music was more than a pleasure, it was a ??? a preacher, and a persuader, and that ??? could be employed to promote temperance, virtue, or religion, or degrade, until it became a potent factor in evil. The im- portance of congregational music was best proven by the fact that a musical congre- gation was always a large one. The new song of the Christians' future as foretold by St. John in Revelations was the one for which his hearers could best fit themselves by learning in this world the song of salvation., To-night Mr. Whitehead lectures in the Temperance Hall, basing his address upon the three beautiful words, "Home, mother, heaven." The lecture is interspersed with vocal and instrument music. STRAHAN-ZEEHAN RAILWAY.— Captain Miles, of the firm of Reynolds and Co., contractors for the Strahan-Zeehan railway, received a telegram from the Henty on Saturday afternoon stating that the engine had successfully passed over the bridge across that river. THE BARNARDO APPEAL.— We have re- ceived the following additional sum :— "S.," 10s. L. O. L. No. 2. — A meeting of the above will be held on Thursday evening, at 7.30 in the Temperance Hall, when visiting bretheren are cordially invited. ?. M. C. A. — The usual Gospel temperance ???ing in connection with this association ??? held last Saturday evening. Mr Thomas ???ton occupied the chair and spoke very strongly upon the evil of drinking in mode- ration, and illustrated his remarks from cases which had come under his notice. He exhorted all those present, if not for their own sakes, at least for the sake of helping others, who because their stronger brethren would not give it up could see no reason why they, the weaker vessels, should so so. Mr. Macfarlane also said a few words, and the meeting closed with Benediction. LIZZIE HASTINGS MINSTRELS.— To-night this company opens for a short season in the Town Hall. The leading lady, who gives her name to the combination, is an ex-artiste of the Gaiety Theatre, London, and is sup- ported by several well- known vocalists and specialty performers, including Madame Octavia, late of J. W. Turner's Opera Com- pany, London. An attractive programme appears in our advertising columns, and chief among the items is the quartette sing- ing by Miss Hastings, Madame Octavia, and Messrs. Tom Bergin and Harry Twyman. It will be seen that popular prices will be the order of the season. THE HOSPITAL.— Dr. Jeffries Turner, late of the Children's Hospital, Brisbane, who was recently appointed House Surgeon at the General Hospital vice Dr. C. A. Payne resigned, arrived in Hobart on Saturday evening. Yesterday, in company with Dr. Smart, Chairman of the Board, he visited the institution, and will commence his new duties to-day. EXCURSION.— The s s. Cygnet is an- nounced to make an excursion to Eagle Hawk Neck to-morrow morning, leaving the Brooke-street pier at 8.45 a.m. Excur- sionists will be afforded ample opportunity to visit the tesselated pavement, blow hole and Tasman's Arch, and return prior to dusk be made. 