CHAPTER XV. THE STORY OF SIMP.UA. Tho words which my noble friend Simrha sp k» tome just before we left India for America vcr> true; his presentiment was realised, and from the timo wo embarked ho began to lose that wonderful strength and energy which werohisj chief characteristics. | It was in vain that Kurha and I endeavoured j to arouse him from tho increasing lethargy. He would smile sadly, and say: 1 It is not best to bid me stay when I am callecj/ He kept us noar him constantly, never tiring qf seeing us together, never weary of gazing on oof perfect happiness, but bo grew steadily worker «ni weaker. j The ship’s doctor, whom 1 insisted upon calling; to iiis side, shook his head and told us that there ! was nothing tho matter; that tho weakness and] lethargy would pass away cro long anileavo him! without a sign. I Ay, and so they did, for one evening when we wsro in the middle of the ocean, as Kurils and I assisted him to his state-room, he hade us enter with him. ‘Kurha,’ he said, when we wero inside and tho door was closed behind us, 1 wo are parting for the last time. I shall sleep to night never to wako again in this world. Tho days . of my life, though not many, have been fulfillcd> land in bringing happiness to you I have crowned ithem with perfect success. Years ago, wheal was ibut a boy, and you, Kurha, were a tender babe, I {fell upon my knees and prayed with all the ferTonr sand intensity of my nature. 1 prayed that 1 anight be given knowledge and strength and force •of will to accomplish an oath I had taken, and 1 closed my prayer thus: ‘ When it is done, then let mo die, surrounded by happiness and peace, Child, my prayer was answered. 1 wasgiven the> knowledge and the strength to carry out my work, and with its accomplishments my life ends. It is meet that it should j I would prefer it so, for even in death I will watch over you continually. Do not mourn for mo; think of ma as absent, not dead, for we but part for a time to bo reunited. Kiss me and then leave us, for I have a word to eay to tho sahib.' She sank gently upon her knees at his side, and fur a moment hurried her faco in the pillow ngainst which he was reclining. Then suddenly lif i ing her hoad as she cried: • Simrba—Simrha—tell mo who you are! Tell me why 1 love you so strangely, and yet with a new—a different love from all else.’ • Ko, child ; no, Kurha—not now. When 1 am ■gone tho sahib will tell you. Believe me, it is ••better so.’ She did not repeat lier request, bat sho threw .her arms around his neck and kissed him tenderly. ■ ‘.Then, rising to her feet, sho said: • It ia hard not to weep; but you havo told me mot, and I will obey:’ and bending forward yet again, 6ho pressed her lips to his forehead, and then turned without another word and left us. • Sahib,* said Simrha, when wo were alone, ■ * have you the aealod envelope I gavo you in I bowed in reply. * It ia well, for it contains ell that you wish to know. Kow, como where I can place my hands upon your head, that you may receive tho blessing ■of a dying man.’ I bent upon my knees before him, and ho "rested hie soft palms upon my forehead fora mo. mont in silence. . ; Ar“e>’ E«‘d ho then. ‘ Keturn to' Nurl ^ouTW»th 8li8l‘,t- L6t not M °Ter her ,or Kl* you have <temwn and m’*rty,'1,Vs"th0 jewel you ba “Pqn -yoar Uo?rt- Remember i Jiving, friend who loved you both; f0rg which to-morrow will bo buiicd in tho sea- | Adieu, sahib.’ j 1, ‘God bl-.si you, Siouha!’ 1 cried cliok* ,, !»exy* - .. . ‘ It b all one—your God and mine,’ he said, slowly; ‘and bo assured that Ho has indeed blessed one. That he may bless you and her wlnra . you love shall be my last prayer. Adieu, sahib, I fell upon my knees before him, and X, too, pressed my lip3 to his forehead, then roso and rushed blindly away. " 1 On the morrow we found him there dead, and later in tho day his body was consigned to tho unfathomable depths cf the ocean. ! That night, with Nurha at ray side, Ibroko tho sc-al of tho envelope, und read what ho had written I will giro it in bis own words exactly as ho had written it: * I know, sahib, that my life’s work is done; X kuow that tho number of my days aro counted nearly to tho cud, and I deem it b33t to take this mods of communicating to you rather than by telling it, and bo adding to tbo Borrow of the pgvt ^ ing that must come. II am the first born to Nurha’s mofchsr, and sho was tho next and last; therefore wo aro brother 3 and sister, although sho has no knowledge of tlia existence of a near relative. !> 1 What little ska knows about her family 1 have told her. ‘ Wo came of an accursed raco, according to the rites of the Hindoo faith, owing to the mix* 1 tore of blood in our veins, and as our mother’o mother was starved to death by tho Rajah N.ih manha’s father, so my mother grow up to woman B hood In constant fear and blighted by never end ing aversion. Her own kin hated her, but there came one who loved her, a young prince of a ! neighbouring state, aud the Rajah was compelled to consent to their union. ‘ I was tho first child born to them, and a con stant guard was kept over mo until X was twelve years old, for Nahmanha had sworn that the , mixture of blood should not bo perpetuated, and many attempts were mado to ond ray frail young life. However, at the ago of twelve I was stolon from my mother's side and hurried away to tho mountains, where I was to bo put to death. But I was hardy and strong and cunning, and 1 sue , cecdcd in escaping from my captors and eluding them entirely. ‘ During two years I was a veritable wild boy, living in tho mountains, subsisting on such food as 1 could find ; and then, feeling that I would not bo recognised, 1 made my way to the Rajah’s palace—the homo of my enemy. 5 11 do not know what power attracted mo tharo 1 but I went, without fear, and beenmo one of the J retainers, and have continued there ever 1 Two years later Nurha was born, her mother 5 giving up her life for hers, and a month later my father was bitten by a cobra and died. 1 ‘ Tho Rajah Nahmanha at once saw the oppor » tunity he desired, and tbo babe, Nurha, was 1 placed, defenceless as sbe wn3, in tho diabolical garden of poisons. . ___ ■ 1 1 It was many months beforo I knew of it, but when it did come to my knowledge I went away out into the mountains whero I could find solitude and, falling upon my knees, 1 swore that 1 would devote my life to Nurha—to the work of freeing 1 her from tho terrible thraldom of the poisons— that every energy of my being should bo utilised for her sake—Sho was tho only one left of my family, and 1 swore that 1 would one day seo her in tho enjoyment of happiness. That day has come at last ! * I worked and studied with all my strength and mind. In my youthful ardour I undertook to master all the sources of knowledge, deter mined at least to know all that tho Rajah Nah manha knew. * Ere long I attracted his attention, and ho taught me much that I could not have learned •.sewhere, and gave mo the privilege of his library which was very extensive and complete. 1 studied flowers and horticulture generally, amt surrepti iously obtained many of tho Rajah’s notoa, mado ij while he was creating the Princess's Garden. I used to glovo my hands and cut slip3 from many l ‘ of tho poison plants, and carry them away with i mo to tho mountains, where I had resolved to raise a garden where some day I could take Nurha tij when I should havo stolen her. '• -My knowledge of the Rajah’s science bccamo if very great—greater than his own, though he never I suspected it. But he found that I had a quick } mind, and he taught mo many of the occult rays j teriesof which ho was master, and, I, myself, g; unaided by any one, discovered a powder, lighter a! than gas, which, when suddenly blown into the d air when no breezo was stirring, formed itself into at an impenetrable veil impossible to sea through, ■ 1 and therefore rendering a person behind it in e visiole. It will float for a long time, but gradu 1 ally absorbs oxygen, and settles down until the r way is once more open. It has served me well many times, having saved mo from discovery by 3 the Rajah often. It enabled mo to elude tho 3 searchers aboard the steamship ; is enabled mo to seize the envelope from your hand in the Paris s hotel when yon were about to break the seal, and yet escape detection by tho person who brought it i to you. Had you opened that envelope you would j have been blinded for ever by the powder which [ would have flown into your eyes from it; it finally r enabled us to escape the horde of the Rajah’s L followers, concealing us while they dashed onward ) through the mountain pass. I 1 Among the arts of which 1 becamo master was t that of mesmerism, so called—tho power of mind over mind—the projecting power of the will, , and that also has served me well, and you, } * The Rajah possessed entire confidence in mo, i and I was entrusted with manysecrot and delicate ) missions for him, but never once did I allow ray* • self to forget tho oath 1 had taken—never once , did I relax that eternal vigilance which I well ) know to b3 the price of Nurha’s liberty. ‘In a moment of unusual confidence he related l to ino the story of Reuben Cogswell and my grand r mother, and I then knew for the first time why it \- was that lie had sought to take my life. * The knowledge that Reuben Cogswell still 1 lived, and near him others who wero possessed of i this secret—the taint of foreign blood in his family—was a continual thorn in the Raj all s i Bide, which lie finally resolvod to pluck out and s destroy by putting to death all who shared the deadly knowledge. r ‘Since the time of his father, who was even . more cruel than he, though not so learned, he had kept himself well informed concerning the 3 Americans ho hated, and at last formed the t resolution I have referred to, and one Dhara and 1 myself wero selected to carry out the awful , ‘ Dhara was a cunning, unscrupulous villainj i possessing enough general knowledge and educa tion to make him dangerous, and ho was, more over, a master-hand at disguises. It was he who ) killed Aaron Prims and Jacob Hurloy, and who 3 during your entire journey from America to India 5 bo persistently sought your life. 1 know that I could better defend you by remaining in the a background and hooping up'my intercourse with ‘When I engaged myself to you an your servant 1 it was for tho double purpose of studying your a character furthet* than 1 had the opportunity cf :? doing,and of persuading you to heed tbo warnings i you would afterwards receive from mo, although a Dhara supposed that I would kill you while at t ees. He did think that 1 tii2(l, but I told him | that you were an adept in the black arts; that j yon conhl foresee disaster, and so avoid it, and he finally came" to believe it when tho letter was snatched from your baud by an unseen power in the Paris hotel, and lie was turned into an imorablc and powerless living statiio by the force of my will ns ho wa3 about to plunge his knife into your heart. ‘ Prom that time on ho.was afraid of you, and made ho farther attempt upon your life until ho pat the snake in your blanket in the camp near Bombay. Xtivas your quick wit saved you then, for though I was near 1 would have been too late. But ho was killed by his own weapon, for in , taming tho snako from tno basket it stung him upon tho wrUt. The ball that you fired did him no-harm; nevertheless, in half an hear ho was i 1 To return, whon the 11.j ih told mo that 1 was i to set out to America on his dastardly errand I could do nothing but obey. To disobey would i have meant death foe me, and, on tho other hand, I knew that I could never hope to return to the i palace of tho E.ijah while those whom he had ■ doomed to death still lived, and that I would , havo cut them ell dawn with''my own hand had it been necessary for the sako of roturning to Nurha 1 I do not deny. But it was not necessary, for Dliara did tho deed even sooner than ho had Baid. ho would. I You will be surprised to knew that I mado my homo in the old Cogswell mansion ; that nightly I put yon, all unknown to yourself, into a deep mesmeric sleep, and then roamed at large over the * X read all tho papers which Ilenben Cogswell had left for yon, and thus became as thoroughly acquainted with your purpose as you yourself. I also studied and knew your character ns well as ^ my own, and 1 found it to bo lofty and noble and ^ true. j «Then it was that I saw the solution of a pro- ( blem which X never before had been able to solve : —tho reclamation of Nurha from the poisons wliicb iufosted her. I * You were going to India in search of her, as ^ directed by tho papers which Ecuben Cogswell ^ left. That you would love her 1 never doubted, ^ and if you could teach her to love you in return with tho passion of which I know her to be capable, thon I felt that my battle would bo won, for, as 1 have already explained, the existence of perfect sympathy between her and another and stronger person only could effect tho desired * In tho meantime you woro besotting Prime and Hurley for their signatures to tho document Cogswell had left behind, and they kept putting you off from time to time, until finally they gave a promise to meet you at nino o’clock on a certain evening. II was pleased at that, for I groatly desired that you should settlo vonr affairs and siart f.'r India without delay. ‘ But m tho meantime Dhara, who was flitting about from place to place liko an evil spirit, had become very restless and impatient at tho delay, and on the day you had secured tho promise from tho two men ho told mo that ho intended to kill them that night, or twenty-four hours befor3 the time appointed for your meeting. ‘ 1"or a moment even 1 was at fault regarding the best course to bo pursued under tho circum stances, but suddenly, wheu almost in despair^ for X knew that Dhara would fulfil his threat if ha could, an idea struck mo winch I resolved to carry out, and it perfectly explains the seemingly inex plicable mystery regarding their signatures to tho document. 11 knew that your signataro was as necessary to them ns theirs were to you, and that night— tho night before they woro killed by Dhara—X put you into a deep mesmeric sleep, as usual, soon after it had grown dark, and then, taking tho necessary papers with me from your pocket, I loft you and hnrried away to the house of Aaron ‘ Fortune favoured me, fori found Jacob Hurley with him. * Of course they did not know mo, bat 1 repre sented mvself as a frieuu of yours who had just arrived with news which nurdo it necessary for you to loavo in tho early morning, telling them that yon hnd given mo tho papers, and had told me to get tlicir signs tares to them, or, failing to do ao, to destroy thorn before their eyes, letting tho money lie in tho bank and rot away, of no us0 to anyone. ‘They hesitated, and I want and hold one of the papers over the lamp, hut before it could take fire they both consented. If 1 used my powers somewhat to hasten them, it was in a good cause, and without their knowledge. At all events, the signatures were secured and tho pe.pors wore exchanged, and I returned again to tho old Cogs well mansion aud replaced the document in your pocket. < On tho night following, at tho appointed time, you wont to the mill oflico to meot them, knowing nothing of what I had dono, it so happening that Dhara had been unable to put his purpose into oxocution until that evening, so that when yon put in an appearance you found Aaron Prime lying dead upon the floor, and were accordingly in despair. ‘ When yon returned to your homo 1 was fear ful lest you would destroy tho document without looking at it, now that yon believed it worthless, and accordingly from tho closet behind the fire place where I was wont to conceal myself I exer cised my power over yon, and appearing before you, 1 forced you to seo the face of your old friend, and so sent you out upon your second journey. 11 followed behind yon through tho storm and compelled yon in imagination to meet tho people you sought, transact the business in duo form,and come away, Although 1 paused long enough to take the papers bearing your signature from the two corpscB, ono of which you did not discover, 1 reached Cogswell's mansion first. When looking back through the window, after leaving tho office and transacting the business as you supposed, it was an effort of yonr own will, as mine was for tho instant relaxed. 1 Tho remainder is no mystery to you. You returned once more to tho mill, satisfying yourself that PrimG was a corpse, afterwards making some foolish admissions which brought about your arrest. ‘ But I was able to release you, and went into Boston by tho same train as yourself, feeling sure that you would take it. ‘ Now, sahib, I have done. My work is com pleted; and you, having boruo ont my judgment of you from the first, havo rescued Nurlm from Nahmanha’s power, aud havo taught her that i happiuess and content which passeth all under standing. • When you pernso this Simrha will ho no more, but throughout all etornity tho blessing of Simrha will hover like an angel of mercy and ' love over and around both you and Nurha ! Adieu 1' Thus wore explained the strange circumstances which had surrounded mo for many months, and 1 although Simrha's written linos made plain the • mystery of that torriblo night of tempest when * Prime aud Hurley were slain, I could never i 1 break entirely loose from tho uncanny feelings which took possession of me when I thought,in all « seriousness, that I had entered into a bargain r with ghosts. 5 Fair weather took us swiftly on our way over the spaco that separated us frem my native clime, so 1 in duo time wu were sitting together, Nurha and t 1, before tho blazing log fire, in the great front i hall of tho Cogswell mansion. Rj XI. Her great, tendir, loving eyes refiocted the rich colours from tlio firaplaco.' My arm was arouna licr perfect form, and- her queenly head rested on my shoulder. 1 , • 1 Kuril a, my wife/Jl said, with a loving hesi tancy iu pronouncing the new title she bore, is there anything which life lacks now to fill year brought mu out fronts world of pad ness m o a paradise of constant joy.’ , - si Je and She rose from the low scat at y swung herself round until hor f*c^ UI^ j , beneath mine, no it had long ago ?°-rC * this cottage in tho Princess's Garden, wil i ,or arms clinging around dretr my f tco Slowly, tenderly, lqving'j> Buu down towards liar, raising her °"a until oar lips wero'mejtcdjc^ethcr by l of purest, passionate love. „ . „o Our eyes closed, and csquisiio ecstasy - heck and forth from her heart to icioo, an ro mine back to hers, as oar two beings «re >merged into esie, and it throbbed and breathed tin^ sig . in a floed of perfect, delicious, overpowering jcy And" thus were two lives crowned with the dia dem of happiness. 1 