iRovelfsr. IN JEST; On a morning in thu early spring of Inst year two muii stood loaning against tho mantelpiece of n room in ono of tho liovcriiiiiont nllices. Tho tailor of tho two— he who was at homo in tho room was a slim, woll-drcssed man, wearing his hair parted exactly in tho middlo, nml « diamond pin in tlio sailor knotof iiis tin. His frock omit was open mid his thumbs worn stuck in tho nrinholes of Iiis waistcont. Tho attitmlo denoted com plnccncy, ami the man was compln ' Woll, tho funny part of it is,' ho run saying lightly, Iiis ahoulders pressed against tho mnntolpiece. ' th:it 1 urn din ing nt tho Uiii ton Smiths this oven ing.' ' All I' his cunipnniun answered, look ing up at him with uyes of envy. ' And so you will gazu on her?' 'Or course.' ? Lucky dog!' ' Slie is to come to Ihnm fo-day. But they itn not knuw nbout our engagement yot, and us aha doos t.ut want to blurt it out thu im.mint slio nrrivos— so for this evening it will bo a secret. 1 thought 1 wnuld tidlyoii, though.' Ho stepped awny us ho spoko to Btraiglili'ii a red morocco-covered dis patch box standing on tho tahlo huhind linn. It bore, hesides tho Haunting gilt capitals ' I.O.,' a modest pinto witlT tho iinniu 'Krnust Wibburluy ''— his iiamo. The other waited unti'l ho resumed Iiis pliuauiiid then ho answered, holdingouthis hand : ' Vi-s, I nm glad you told mu, old boy. J cmil'kiIuIiUo you must heartily.' 'Thank you. Jack. 1 know you would. I rather foci myself tlint 'fate cnnni.t. harm mo. 1 hnvo dined to dny.1' 'llnppy fellow!' roturned Jack, and presently disnppenred. Tho lliirton Smiths whom wo hnvo heard them iiioiition nre tolerably woll known in London, llurton Smith is » barrister with niunoy ami many relations — JrinJi laniHurds, Scutch mumbors, In diau judges, and thu lileo. His wifo is young, gracious and fond of nociuty. Their drawing rooms on tho topmost tint of Onflow Mansions— moms with sloping ceilings and a dozen ,,uaml. nooks ami corners— nru suhh.m empty during tho regulation hours. This particular dinner party bad boon planned with some caro. 'I,mly I.inacro will come, ill. douht,' Mrs. Uiirtmi Smith ha.l said ono day at breakfast, eoiiiiinir a list nhe hold in hor liniiil, ' nml jrr. May.' Hut llurton Smith strongly objected to May. 'Ho will talk of nothing hut. Imlia.' ho protested, 'and tho superiority of CnkntU nver London. A little ,.f thewlSomlmy clucks goes a lung way, my ''''Well, .lames,' Jlr». liurli.n Smith \ replivd— tlui lion. Vcn-ker May is a mm ! of l-nrd Hawthorn-' I,,, will take nm in 1 nml I dn nut mind. - Inly I must havo Mr Wibberley on the ..ther side tn make cunversntion nml kur-p me alive. Let me i nee— that will bit three. And Juaniia Burton— she eoinoB that afternoon— four. Do you Know, .Tames, wlii'ii wu wuro at Temple Uothloy f«r Christum* I thought tliero whs something hotweon your cousin and Mr. Wibburley ?' 'No!' 'Yes.' 'Then for goodness' sako do not let them sit together.' ??? 'Why nott' ' Because they will chut to each other Mid tn nil olio elm'.' ?'Very well,' Mrs. Smith n»8ontcd. ' Thoy shall hit opposito each nther, mid Mr. Wibberloy shall lnko in Mrs. finlan tine. She will bo suro to Ilirt with him, mid we can watch .lonn's face. 1 shall Boon ieo if I hero is tiny thing between thorn then, of course.' ' Very olevor plan, my dunr.' Mr. Wbborlcy was a young man (if somo importance, if only in his capacity of private sccrotnry to n minister. Ho hnd n thousand acquaintances nml cer tainly two friends— perhaps throe. Hu might be .'iiniething oomu day. He ' dr.'iscil well, luokcd well, and talked I well. Iio u us u triilo conceited; but. I women like that in young men, nml hu I had mi infinite tact. At nnyrnto ho had | never yet found Jilracelf in a place tun I ?straight fur him. : j This evening a« hu diussod for dinnur ho was In bin happiest mood. Hvorythlng seemed lo hu going noil wi h him. Ho wns going lo a hnme whero hu wi.uhl ha appreciated, Mm. Itiirlnu Smith wns a great ally of his. And thon thuro would nil, an wo know, soineonu ulso. ' Imdy Minium,' Hind Ilia hostess ns shu introduced him to a sU.ut porsomgo with whlto Imir, a double uhin, mid dia monds. Wibborloy bowed piufaiiudly uvur tho nWngor'B hand. ' Mr. Mny you lmvii niut before,' toil timiod hiahostosH, »u'..d yi.u know Miss liurlon, tuu,dnjriiii noil' lln murmured uiae.nl, while Jimiiim ahook hands with him frnukly mid quietly, with flic ghost of a nniile, ]ierhaps. lfo plnyod his part woll, loo, for u iiKiinuiit, hut halted in bis nontencu us it Hashed ncrosa his mind that thin wax their first, meeting ninea eho hud naid yos. Hn re covered from biB momentary embarrass ment, howovor, and oil'orud bio arm to Mr«. Oiihiutitio. Sho was an old friend of hin-ns friends go in Hucioty, He had takou her in tu dinner, that is, two or three, times. 'Who is that girl?' sho nsked, wlirn they wero neat ml, and sho raised hor glnBSUH mid stared nt hor vis-a-vis. ' 1 deolnvo nho woiihl bo pretty if her nosu worotict so short.'.' Hu nuizud tho oxcuso to put up Iiis glass, too, and take a look. ' It is ralhor Blunt,' hn n-lmiuuti, gn« ing with a whimsical senso of ownership nt tho duliciont organ. 'ISub soinu jiooplo like short nones, ilon'j you know ?' ' And theatres in August, mid draw ing room gnmes uml ciiuuiidriniis 1 Hut seriously, she would ho pretty if it wuro not fur that,' ' Would sho V' 'Well, 1 think bIw would, do you know V' And certainly Joanna win pretty, though her forehead «:.s ton hug.', her noso ton Hiiinll, and her lip* too full. Hor oyes wuro bright, hor complexion perfect, nud hor face told of wit and goud tumpur. Sho had bennlifiil arniH, too, for n chit of niuctcon. Mrs. Galantine said nothing about tlionrms, boenuso hor own did nob form ono of hor attractive, points. Wibborloy, howovor, was thinking of them, nud whether a certain bracelet ho had would lit thorn, llo saw Joanna woro n bracolot— a skotchy gold thing. Ho wondered whothor ho should bog it for a-pattorn, or whothor it might not bo moro plousant to measure tho wmtfor hiniBolf. But Mrs. Giilantino roturned to tho charga fresh ns a rose. ' Sho is a cousin, is sho not ?' sho said, speaking so loud that Joanna looked across and sinilod. ' I hnvo novor mot hor before. Toll mo all about hor, ploaso.' ' Toll her nil nbout her !' Wibborioy gasped. Ho saw a dilllculty in obeying, as tho gonoral conversation was not brisk, and Joanna could hear ovory word. Ho cost nu appalled glance, round the table, thon ho bent to bis task. 'Mrs. Gnlnntinc,' ho murmured sweotly, confidentially, ' pray — pray bo waro of becoming n — a potato 1' Mrs. Gulnntino dropped hor knifu and fork with a clatter. 'How horrid! A potato, Mr. Wib borloy ? Whnt do you mojn V 'What I say.' ' Now, how could I becomu n potato ?' ' You seo my plalo '! It is a picturo. You Imvo thcro tho manly boot and tho feminine, peas, so tender, fin young 1 And tho potato is tho confidant — it is insipid. Do ynu ncrco with mo?' ' ISravo, Mr. Wiblwrloy ! But am I to apply the parnblo V' sho naked, glanc ing sharply across tho table with her fork uplifted and a pon upon it. ' 1 nm to bo thn potato?' ' Tho choice \» with you,' ho replied. Mrs. Burton Smith, seeing him so ab sorbed in his companion, grow^ puzzled. Look as often ns sho might at .li.aima.sho saw no nign of jonlousy nr sulfcouscious liess in the girl's face. Juaunu seemed to ho oiijoying horsclf tu tho full, mid to bo a« much interested as nny i.no nt tnl.lo. Mrs. llurton Smith saw clearly thatthoro was nothing hot ween tho two. But WilnVrloy's kucccss with Mrn. Galanfina had its consequences. After tho ladies had withdrawn ho grew rust less. By ill-luck, too, tho Hon. Vrrekcr May hail rnwhod that period i.f the oven, ing when India was ncciistomed to put on its rosiest tints, and tho two facing uach other foil to debuting oil a subject of which tho returned civilian had soon much mid thought little, mid tho private, secretary had read more uml thought not nt all. They woro thoref.iro about on a par ns to information, mid what tho younger mnii lacked in obstinacy ho luado up by readiness. It was in vain tho na. hob l.liisturcd,, nssultcd, contradicted— filially vrcw sulky, silent, stortorous. Wibburloy pushed his triumph, mid soon, as wo sholl so, paid for it dearly. It so hnppolied that ho was the last to untor tho drawing-room. Tho evening was chilly. Tin, ladies had gathered round thn liru. protected from nssault by a ciiupln of gipsy tables hearing shaded Imnps. Tho iiici nnurs paBsnd one by mio through theso outworks— nil but Wibbor loy. Iio cist a despairing glance nt .Ionium, who wax by tho fireplace in the heart of the citadol j and thin, rosiffnirig himself tn heparatinii, hu took u low chair by mio uf the tables and bouan to turn nver tho hooks tlu-reon , Ho scanned them all, and then his uyes fell on a bracelet lying by thorn on tho olive gn-en plush- a sketchy gold bracelet with ono lug lmss-Jounim's. Ho looked nt thu rest of tho party with u stealthy glaneu. None of them faced hiii way. Thoy wero discussing a photu gr.iph of children un the over-mantel. Ho stretched his baud out softly and covered thn l.racolet. Ho would tako it for a pat Icrn.umlto-ittorrow.limuua should ransom it. Hu tried tn catch hor oyu, as his lingers closed on it. Ho wnniod to seo her face chniigo ami her color rise. It would havo added tn the faint charm in the boyish, foolish act he was committing if shu hud been privy to it, yut tumble to prevent, it. But nhe vi.uld not look, and he wns obliged to bo content with his plunder. Ho ulid ihu trinket deftly under tho fringe of thu table and clasped it nu his arm. He had a. keen soiibo uf tho ridicu lous, nud hu wniiMnnt for nil tlie world Hint nnyonu besides Joanun should know of tho net ; that doddering old fossil of n Mny, for instancn. who, however, was Biifu i-nousli— standing on the henrth- rug with hie back turned ami his slow mind funning an opinion on Ihu phutograph. Then Wlbbcrlov began to llnd tho rr.v.i.,tl Jt0 ;uw K,lmll cbancu nf a pm iio mnl - i h Jniniiii Lidj Lin acn hii m iresl neighbor. « as prosing on tu Mrs. Iturcim' Smith, his next nunrost, Ami ho liimsulf, utter ililnliig nt dinner, had fnllen into tho baok ground. 'Hang it, In) would go. It was ton o'olook. Hu rosu, and wns stooping across tha tablo murmuring hiii excuse* to his hustoBs, when Lady Linnore utcorod an cxulamatinti. Ho wns leaning between hor head nr.;! tho lamp at tho moment, and ho fancied ho had touched hor hoad drosB, 'l'rny pardon mo, Lady Liimoro I' hu oried, anily. '' nm just going — I hnvo to lonvu early — so the oncroaoh iiiont will bu but for n mnmont.' . ' It is nut that,' the old lndy replied.' ' Put oh ! whoro Is my brnoolot?' \ Sho wns feeling about tho tablo ns shi*. spoke, lifting with her white, podgy hands thu iuw volumes tinit fay on it. I No mio nu tho instant, hotvovor, seumod tu taku in Oie situation. Mrs. Burton Smith had riaeii mid was listening to Wibburloy. Thouthors ivoro talking. l!'.dy Li.iiuio win mini tu attention ( and nhe'i bIio spoko again ho.' voice was shrill mid nhuost indecently loud. ' Whuro is my bracelet I' sho ropoatud. ' The ono willi.tho Agrn dinmoud I was allowing you, Mrs. Burton Smith. It wns hero a moment, ago, nud it l» gone 1' Wibborluy wns still spunking to hia hostuss. Ho hoard thu old lady's words, but did net oluiirly upnly thoin. Ho liiiished hir luavo-takiug alinust at his leisure, iinri only as liu turned recol lected himself mid Eiiid with polite solid Mido : ' What is it, Lady Liniioro 1 Havo you dropped snnicthinu ?' llostui.pndnshoGpike, mid sho draw hor nl; iris iiM'do, und nuth peered at thu Hour, whilu those sitting nuarnBked : 'What is it, Lady Linnore J What imvo you lost V' : 'My Agm diamond 1' she roplioii fusnily, her honil i|iiivoring, her Ihigors groping about bur silk lloiin^i'3. 'No I' said someone in surprise. ' Yes,' bIio roturned dismally. ' Why, it wns horo a momont ngo. I saw it in your hand.' The old lndy held out her wriBta, ' Sen for yininolvcs. 1 havo not got it,' sho said, foobly. ' But nre you suro it is not in your lap Tusked Burton Smith. Lady Liuacro had an ample, hip. ' .By this timo tho nttonllon uf tho wrliolo party hnd boon drawn to tho loss, and ono or two of tlio most prudent looked uncomfortable. ' Xo ; 1 am suro I Inid it on tho tnblo by my Bide. I was going lo put it on when tho gontlomaii camo in, and — it is gone I' She was quite clear about it, and looked mildly nt Wibberly for confirma tion. Tho tablo wns botween thoin. Sho thought ho must havo soon it lying thorn, Mrs. liurtou Smith being tho only person close to tho table. Burton Smith saw tho look. ' 1 sny, Wibnorly,' appealing to him half in fun, half in earnest,' you havo not hidden it for a joko, old follow?' '11 Certainly not.' To this day KrncBt Wibburly wondors when ho first mnilo thu discovery of whnt ho had done — that ho had takni tho wrong bracolot. It wns not early— it wns not until tho owner had twice proclaimod her lo-s that ho felt himself redden nud awoke to the consciousness that thu brncelot wns on his own ami. Ho might havo said at unco, ' By .love ! ! slipped it on my wrist in puru absence, of mind,' but such excuses to avail must bo mnilo nt onco, and ho hesitated. Then each moment niado tho avowal moro dilliciilt and loss po3sil-lo, until his host nsked him if ho had hidden it for a joke, and ho had nnsirorcd with woll feigned stir Prl'OlV Cortainly not,' Afowof thoguostB woropoeringatupidiy nbout as if thov expected to find thn lost article in a Honor vaso or within tho globe of a lamp. Presently their hostosn Btaved theso explorations. 'Wait n inninonll I havo it!' sho cried, raising her bend. ' Woll V' from sovornl. 'J»hii must hnvn found it wlion Iio brought in tho tea. Ring thu bell, Jnmoa, do. and wo will nsk him.' So it wnj dnnn. John enmo in nnd tho question wns put to him. 'Yes, sir,' he answered, readily; '1 saw a bracelet on this tnblo by tho lamp/' lie indicated tho tnblo near Lady Lin acre. 'Bid you move it?' ' Movo it, sir V tho man repented, surprised by tlic question, the silenco, and thu strained faces turned to him. ' No, sir, certainly not. I aaw it when I was handing the tea to— to Mr. Wibbor loy, I think it was.' ' Ah, well, that is all. You may go,' answered his master. It was not possible to doubt the man's fnco and ninnuor. Hut when ho hnd left tho room mi uncomfnrtnble silcuco onsuod. ' It iB vory strnngo,' said Burton Smith, looking from ono to tho other, nnd then groping under tho tnblo. ' It is vory strnngo,' Wibborly mur mured. Ho folt bound to sny something. Ho fancied tho others, nnd particularly Mny, woro casting Bpecinl looks nt him. Iio felt ns if ho were each instant betraying himself by his changing color. . ' It cost,' quavcrorl Lady Linncro, ir relovantlybutby no means imnortinontly — ' it coBt fourteen thousand out there. Indeed it did ; and that was before it wns B°AhuBli fell upon thu room. 'Fourteen thousnnd pounda 1' Burton Smith exclaimed. ' No, no, not pounds, rupcos,' tho old lndy hastily ndded. 'I iir.derslnnd,' ho replied, rubbing his head. ' But that is n good biimi.' ' It is over n thmisnnd pounds,' snid thu Indian civilian, stoutly. ' lint good gracious, James I' said Mrs. Burton Smith, impatiently, ' why are you valuing i.ndy Linncro's jewellery instnad oC finding it for her? It wns on this tablo fifteen minutes ngo. Whore in it now ?' ' If anyone is doinx this for a joko,' began hor husband. ' I hopo — ' ' For a joka I' cried the hostess, 'I any, my dt'nr,' ho persisted, 'if nnvoiia is dning this for a joke I hojm ho will own up. It has gono fnr enough.' ; Thero was a chorus of assent, half in dignant, half exculpatory. But no ono owned to the joko or produced the brncu 'Woll, woll, I novor 1' Mrs. Burton Smith exclaimed. And us tho company looked nt each other il Boomed iib if they nlso had novcr known anything uuito so uxtraordinnry. ' Really, Lndv Linncre, I think it must besomenheru nbout jou said till host at hist. 'Would you mind giving your self a good Blmke, jmt to satisfy me' ' Sho roBo, and was Holomnly preparing to Agitnto hor skirls whon a guost said : ' You nued not troublo yoursolf, Lady Linnore. It is not about you.' , Tho Houorablo Vorekor May was still standing by tho fireplace. Thoro waB a ourioua drynosa in his tonca, mid ho gliinocil front tho dowager to Wibborloy. ?'Thon whoro i is it V' rotortod Mra. Galantino. ? ' Do you know V' ' If you dn, fur gnodnost' sake speak out,' Mrs. Burton Smith added indig nantly, Kvoryono turned and stared fixedly at tho Indian civilian,., , 'You hadbottqr oak Mr, Wibborloy,' ?aid tho nabob,,, ,' This was all, But; Bumothiiig in his tona produced nn olcotrlcnl ollcot an ovory ono, ? -? : ? i ? Joaunn turned rod nnd palo, nnd Unshod nngry nlnnoon round her. 'Mrs, Burton Sinllli looked htharhuBbnnd; ? Ho looked furtively nt WILbbrloy, nml wns silent. ,..,JJp, k-. this-. moment! Wibborloy hnd .llioiiglit liimBolfj merely., in an. .awkward fix, from wlifoh ho muat osoapo nn boat ho oouldi'at tho oxpeimn of a .little ombar rnsBinent and ajsUg'ht low of lolltaupoct: But now I nt tliollrat noiindjof tlio lu dinu's voice! ho.Batr hiai danger— that Booial ?'. ' ' dainnatlnn,: worse, pnrhapB, thruatohud him, IIIb protunoo of mind soomod to fnil jiim, ; U'ho'ruani, thoox poctant faces turned to him, all with Hint strnugo pxpresslon on. them, nwnin round bcfr.ro him. ; Ho hnd. to lay his hand on a chair to steady himBolf. But ho did steady hinlBolf, so far that those, who marked! his -agitation did not know whothor It proceeded -from nngor or fear. Ho -droW', himself' up and looked BtTiiight hf his nccusor; holding tho chair BUspimtlocVin his hands.' '?' ., , ' Wlint do. you moan ?' said ho. Tho civilian,' roturned his Rnzo, , and said, in cool, nionsurod ncconls :, 'I ahould.not hnvo spoken, if iMri Uurton Smith had not twioa nppealed to us — if auy, joko wns being plnyod to con fOBB It.' '? ',. 'Woll?', r . - ' Woll, only this,' the old nontlomaii replied ; ??' I saw you yourself tako Lady Lindcro's bracolot from that lablo a few ininutrs boforo it wns mitssd, Mr. Wib borloy.' '' 'You saw mo?' \- TIub time thero wob tho ring of honest dofiancoin-Vibborloy's tone. If ho folt certain of ono thing it was that no ono had boon looking at .him whan tho un lucky daod was done. . ' I did,' ronliod tbo civilian, dispose aionatoly.. 'M^y bnok wns toward you; but my, eyes wore nni.this mirror — 'ho touohed an oval glass in a Vonotian frnmo which stood on tho tnantol, 'and I saw (|uilo clearly. 1 am bound to say that, judging by tho expression of your fnco, I wna assured that it was a trick you woro playing — a jost.': 'And now?*1 : Wibborloy, tried to smilo. But ho could not. Ho shook all over. Ho folt InmBolf — and this timo it was no fancy — growing livid. ' To tho best of my boliof. tho bracolot is on your , loft arm now,' nddod the civilian. ? Wibberley tried to master, but could not, tho impulse to glanco down at hia wrist. The iclon that tho bracolot might ho visible, overcame- him. Ho looked down. Of couiso thoro wa« nothing to bo seen ; ho might have known it, for ho folt tho hot clasp of the horrible thing burn ing his urui inches higher. But when he looked up again, floating ns had been his glanco, he found that something awful had happened to him, Ho tailored, nud tbo chnir dropped from his- hands. Ho had novor mot such looks before. Ho rend in ovory faco aavu ono suspicion and con demnation. Thiof and liar! ' Hu road the words in tho eyes nf his quondam friends 1 Yot ho would, ho must brazen it out; and, though , ho could not utter a word, ho looked from thorn to Joanna. Tho girl's faco was palo and scared. But hor oyca— thoy .nns worod hiB right eagerly' — wore full ofundignntion. -They held no suspicion, o Tho moment his look foil on her sho spoko. ? 'Show- thorn your arm 1' sho cried im pulsively.' 'Show thom you hovo not got it, Krnest!' Thoro was such acorn; such gtmoroua passion in her voice that it did not need llio tollitnlo, namo which. , fell no glibly from ' hor .lips' to .(betray her. , secret — at leant to tho women. ., Show.hisnrm |,,t Ah, that was just what ho could not do I ; And as, ho compro horidod- It ho gnashed Iii'b toeth. Ho saw himaolf nottod and otitr.ippod, and his rago nnd misoryi were sowrittun in his faeo that the - bost and moat morciful of thoao about him turned away in ' shame and pity. Evon the girl'who lovod him shrank back, clutching the mantol in tho first spasm of doubt and fear. Hor words, her suggestion,, had takon from. him his last chance. , Ho saw it was bo. Ho felt tho Nomeaia tho more bitterly on that no count ; and with a wild gesturo, and. some wildor wordB, ho turned abruptly and hurried from the room, blindly seized his hat nnd went down tho street. HiB feelings when ho found himself uulsido were suelrns it is impossible to describe in smooth, pnsBionlcas Bontoncci, Ho hnd wrockiul his honor nnd happiness in nn hour.. He had lost liiB place among moil through a ohanco word. Wo talk and read of n thunderbolt. from the blue, but still tho thing is to ub unnatural. Somo law-abiding citizen whom a moment's passion has mado a murderer, Homo strong man whom n stunning blow has left crushed and writhing on the ground, a twisted cripple— only theao could fitly describe his misery nnd dospnlr ns ho travolled tho streets, It wns misery ho hnd brought on liimsolf, nnd yet hoiv far tho puiiishinent exceeded thu offenco ! How immensely tho shame, nnd exposure exceeded thu guilt 1 ; Ho had lied, and the lie had mado him n thiof. Ho wont up to his rooms like one in a dream, nnd, scarcely knowing what he did, toro the bauble ofTIifs arm nnd lluno it nn tho mantel. By his last act of bring ing it away ho had mado his position a hundred times more soriolis, but he did not nt onco romoinber this. Aftor ho hud sntn while with his hoad between his hands, wondering if this roally woro him self — if this rually hnd happened to him, this dreadful thing I ho began to seo more clenrly. Still, ho could not nt onco uiako up bin mind whnt to do. Uoyondsomo hazy idea of returning the bracelet by tho first post and going on the continent— of oourno ho must resign, hia employment he had settled nothing, whon a step out side mado hiiniBtnrt to his feet. .Some ono knocked nt Ihu door of his chamber!. - ?Ho stood listening, struck by u sudden fear. ?'The polico I' ho anid to liimsolf. , But a moment's thought aitisllodlhim i that it ins improbnblo if not imponible that this Bummona ftliould he theirs I and ho wontlo tho door listh'Bslyinndthrawi it open. On tho mat stnoilBurtou Smith! in a soft slouched hat, hln hands thrust into tho pockets of Ilia overcoat. Wibborloy just glanced nt him mid saw that hu wns nlone ; nnd than, lonving him tu shut lha door, returned to his chair, nnd Bat down with his head botwoon his hnnds again. Ho looked already a broken man. Burton Smith followed him in and stood n moment looking down at him un comfortably enough. It Is bnd to havo had buoIi n tcono as has boun duaeribed at your house, but it is worao, If n man bo n man, to face n fellow oronturo in his timo ofshamo. 'Look hero, Wibbarloy,',Wd Burton Smith nt length, ns inuoh embarrassed us if ho had been the thiof,, ?? it will be hotter to hualt this up. Qivo mo this oniifoiiiidcd bracolot toi hand to Lady Linaero, nnd tho ? thing ? shall go no further,' . ? ,t . . His tone was curiously anggcatlvo both of old friendship nnd prosont contempt nnd pity, Hut whon ho had tn repent his question, when Wibbcrloy gave him no answer, his volco grow harsher. Kvon then tho man with thn hiddow fnco did not spoiiK, hut pointed with nu impatient gosttirotolhoinnntol. . Burlnn Smith Btopped brisklv to tho placo indicated and loultoil. Ho was anxious to Bparo tbo culprit ns far an pos sible. Yes, there wns tho confounded bracelet. Ho scizcr! it, anxious, if tlio truth ho known, tn osoapn from the placo with nil spood. But ho laid it down the noxt instant quickly as ho had taken it up, and his brows camo togcthor as ho turned stonily upon his companion. 'This is not tho bracelet,' ho said. Thoro was nn smnok of old nlloction in his tone now j it wan wholly hostile His patiouco was exhausted. 'It was a diamond bracelet nf gront value that Lady Linncro loat, ns you know. This is a plain gold thing worth two or throe pounds. For honven's sake, man 1'. he nddod . with sudden voliamonca, ' for your own sako, do nut play tho fool now; I say, wake up, Wibborley. For God's snkn whero is the bracelet?' No doubt despair : hnd partially be numbed Wibhorloy's mind, for Blill ho didnotspoak, and Uurton Smith had to put his question moro than onco before ho got an answor. When Wibborloy nt laBt looked lip it \rai with n dnzed faco. ' What is it 7' ho muttered, avoiding tho nthor's gaze.' ' This is not Lady Linncro's bracolet.' 'ItlBiintr 'No.' Still confused, still avoiding the other's Rravo look, Wibborloy rose, took tho bracolet in his hand nnd glnnccd nskanoo at it. Then Burton Smith saw him start violently. ' It is of the samo ahnpo,' repented tho bacristor, ico in his voico ; ho thought tho oxchnngo a foolish, transparent arti fico. ' But Lady Linaoro's bracelet has n largo brilliant whoro that has a plain boss. That is not Lady Linncrc's brace lot. Wibborloy.' Tho nceuscd man turned away, the circlet in his hand, nnd went to tho win dow, whoro ho stood for a momont with out looking out into tho darkness. Tho curtains wore not drawn, As- ho stood thoro, otherwise motionless, his shoulders trembled bo violently that a certain dreadful BUBpicion, seized bin Into host ; and tho lattor desisted from wntching him nnd looked nbout for n vial or s glnss. At tho ond of the minute Wibborloy turuod. For tho first timo ho confronted his visitor. His oyes wero strangoly bright, his faco vary pnlo ; but his mouth wns strong and firm. ' 1 novor said it was, you know,' he answered grimly. ' What was |' ' I never said it was Lady Linncro's. It was you who said that,' ho continued, his head high, a singular ehnngo ovident in his demeanor, an incisivenosa almost liarsh iu his lone. 'It wns you— you who suspoetod mo I I could not show my arm with that bracolot on it.' 'And whoso bracolot is it?' Burton Smith asked doubtfully. He was shaken as much by thu sudden chance in tho man's demeanor as by his denial. , , - 'It is Joanna Burton's. Wo are en gaged,' Wibborloy,ropliod Btomly— so entirely had tho two mon changed places. ' Sho intended to tell you to-morrow. ? I saw it on tho tablo and seoreted it whon I thought no ono was looking.1' It was a foolish thing to do.' - , ,' And it was my cousin's bracelet that May. saw you. take ?'?? . 'Precisely;',- ?: ? ? Burton Smith' said a word about the civilian ' that wo need not repeat here. Then he added : ' But why on earth, old fellow, did you not explain?' 'Firstly,',' Wibborley .replied, with forco, ' becauso I should havo had, to proclaim my engagement to all thoso fools, and Hind noti Joanna's permission to do that.. ?? And secondly — well, I did not wish to confess to being such nn idiot as I actually was.' '?'??' 'Umphl',said Burton Smith, slowly, an odd light in his eyes. 'I think you wero a fool, but — you will shako hands 1' ' Oortniuly, old chdppio.' And they did so very warmly. ' Now, thon,!' continued tho barristor, his faco becoming Berious again, 'tho question is, whoro . is Lady Linacro's bracelet?' 'That is hardly my business,' said Wibborley. 'lam sure you will oxcuso my saying so.' I hnvo had troublo enough with it — I know that— and if you don't mind I'm olt to bod.' But though his friend left him on the instant, Wibborloy did not go to bed ? onco. Mr. llurton Smith, hurrying home ward— to find when ho reached' Onslow Mansions that Lady Linacro's bracolot had been discovered in a Uounce of hor dress— would have been very much sur prised indeed could ho havo looked into tho chambers a ininuto nfter his own do pnrture. Ho would havo seen his friend cast down on his . kneos before a great chair, his fnco. hidden, his form shakon by wild, hysterical sobbing. ' For onco Wibborley was moved to tho inmost depths of nnturo. It ia not given to nil mou to nwnko and find their doom a dream. Only in dreams docs tho cripplo got hia strength again, and tho mur derer. hia old placo among his fellow men. Wibborloy waB fortunate. '„„,.'? And the lesson — did ho tako it to heart? Well, leBsons and morals are out of fashion, i Oh, stay— ask Joanna. Sho should kiiow.^ i . ; ? . . Wmm thou Bit obliged to ipesk.be Bura to speak the truth t for equivocation ia half way to lying, and ijing ia the whole vny lo eternal dntmotion.— William Paan. 