UNABLE TO SLEEP. There seems no reason whatever to doubt (writes " Peerybingle" in Th-e Weekly 'l imes) that the death of young Melluish from an overdose of chlorodyne, was the result of an accident. He was in the habit of taking chlorodyne to induce sleep. Have you ever known what real sleeplessness means ? I do not mean the sleeplessness of a night or two, but that constant insomnia that is the worst of all diseases. It is rather a mental than a bodily disease. It is one of the symptoms of future insanity, and it is a present hell. The word sleeplessness comes trippingly off the tongue, bnt it is a fearful thing to suffer. Think of what must be the night-life of a man who cannot sleep, yet who has the courage to refrain from indulging in the dearly-bought stupor obtained from drugs. He seeks his bed at midnight, and tries to court slumber by reading. He reads page after page, but fails to grasp the meaning of the words. He turns back and strives to fix his attention once more, but in vain. His brain is abnormally active, but it cannot grasp the meaning of the printed sentences. He lays down the book, puts out the light, and resolves to tire the brain out. The sighing of the wind around bis house becomes endowed with language; the placid snoring of his dog upon the doorstep thrills his nervous system with a nameless horror, for it accuses <him of some forgotton sin, or shapes itself into a prophecy of some fearful and impending danger. He peoples the darkness with ghosts of neglected opportunities and wasted talents, and when he closes his eyes tightly to shut them out, and turns his face down upon the pillow, they whisper in his ear he knows not what, save that he feels they are accusations, and that he is cursed of heaven and has no right to burden a fair and happy world with his blighting presence. Then perchance lie will doze—it is not sleep—and he will in dreams live an age of ghastly terror. He will commit murder and be condemned to death, and when the hangman has the rope around his neck, he will start up to find himself in a cold perspiration that makes him feel clammy and sick. He will light his lamp and look at his watch, and will sink back with aweary moan when he learns that it is not yet five minutes since he quenched the light. Every ten minutes through the long watches of that endless night this terrible mental tragedy will be repeated, and the horrible conviction will dawn upon him that this is the eternal night of death, and that the morning will never come. When at last the day breaks it brings no pleasure to him, for his nerves and brain have been at such a tension that he rises sick at heart, and unrefreshed of body. The light is something to be thankful for. however; but the day is soon over, and the still, horrid, phantom-peopled night is to be faced again. What shall he do ? His resolution is gone. He feels that it is tho madhouse or the grave. Is it anv wonder then that he should fly to drugs ? " They give him at least forgetfulness. They shutouttheterriblesightsand close his ears to the ghostly whisperings. They do not give him-refreshing slumber, but they give him the sweet oblivion of death until the morn. There are good people, people who can sleep like a top, who are loud in their denunciations of those who fly to opiates to induce sleep. "They jeit at scars that never felt a wound." 