WAKING DREAMS AND OTHEk rl ILLUSIONS. SCIENCE has done much to show that the e: old belief in apparitions rested on nothing tr more than illusive fancies often resulting hi from physical d rangement, and we may as depfend upon it that the explanation of o: many illusions that once were mysteries, 1 is to be found in a study of the physiology T of the nerves and of the mind. To It thoroughly elucidate the subject of these a illusions within a brief space, we may begin t by selecting one or two illustrations of e illusive vision, such as have been recorded ii for instruction and edification in the pages d of the physiologist. One of the best known i casee-loeriving its interest from the fact that t the subjectof tho visitations in question him- i self narrates the facts-is that of Nionlai, a t well-known citizen and bookseller of Berlin, "1 who read an account of his case before the 6 Ierlin Academyvof Steiences. We shall give n the account in his own words. "During I the few latter months of the year 1790," . says Nicolai, " I had experienced several merlancholy incidents, which deeply affected a me, particularly in Septenmber, from which i tile I suffered an almost nninterulpted c series of misfortunes, that affected me with p the most poignant grief. I was accustomed to be bled twice a year, and this had been t done once on the 8th of July, but was 1 omitted to be releated at the end of the year 1790. . . . I had, in January and February of the year 1791, the additional misfortune to experience several extremely o unpleasant cirer-stances, which were a folliowed on the 'i,. of February by a most i violect altercation. My wife and another 1 person came into my apartment in the I morning in order to console me; but a I was too much agitated by a series of incidents which had most power- t fully affected my moral feeling, to r be capable of attending to them. On a a I sudden, I perceived at about the:dlstance of t ten steps, a form like that of a deceased I Sperson. I pointed at it, asking my wife if I she did not see it. It was but natural f that she should not see anything; my E I question therefore alarmed her very much, c and she sent immediately for a physician. I The phantasm continued for some minutes. I I grew at length more calm, and being ex tremely exhausted, fell into a restless sleep, which lasted about half-an-hour. Thephy- I sician ascribed the vision to violent mental emotion, and hoped there would be 'no c return; but the violent agitation of my mind had in some way disordered my r nerves, and produced further consequences, t which deserve a more minute description. t "At four in the afternoon, the form which I had seen in the morning reappeared. I t was by myself when this happened, and f being rather, uneasy at the incident, went I to my wife's apartment; but there likewise I was persecuted by the form, which, how- t ever, at intervals disappeared, and always presented itself in a standing posture. f About six o'clock there appeared also several walking figures, which had no connection t with the first. After the first day, the form I of the deceased person no more appeared, t but its place was supplied with many t other phantasms, sometimes representing i acquaintances, but mostly strangers; those f whom I knew were composed of living . and deceased persons, but the number of t the latter was comparatively small. . . When I shut my eyes these forms would a sometimes vanish entirely, though there t r were instances when I lbehold them with t Smy oyes closed; yet, when they disappeared on such occasions, they generally returned Swhen I opened myeyes. They all appeared r to me in their natural size, and as distinct as if alive, exhibiting different shades of carnation in the uncovered parts, as well as different colours and fashions in their dresses, though the colours seemed some-r what paler than in real nature; none of r r the figures appeared particularly terrible, comical, or disgusting, most of them being a of an indifferent shape, and some preseont- 1 ing a pleasing aspect. The longer these j h iersons continued to visit me, the more frequently did they return, while at the same time they increased in number about 1 four weeks after they had first appeared. I also began to hear them talk; sometimes. a among themselves, but more frequently i they addressed their discourse to me; their a speeches being uncommonly shortand never of an unpleasant turn. At different times f there appeared to me both dear and sensible b friends of both sexes, whose addresses I 1 tended to appease my grief, which had not t I yet wholly subsided; their consolatory y, speeches were in general addressed to me c e when I was alone. Sometimes, however, I I h was accosted by these consoling friends it while I was engnged in company, and not e unfrequently while real personsw?ere speak- r it ing to me. The consolatory addresses con- c is isted sometimes of a.brupt phrases, and at n otUer times theywere regularly executed." t d Such was Nicolai's accoint of the o phantom-visitors who addressed and con- t e soled him in his domestic afiliction. It is t 5- interesting to pursue still further his 1 y account of their disappearance. The reader will recollect that Nicolai had neglected to repeat at the end of 1790 tie blood-letting e- In which it was customary in tile days we s. speak of for our forefathers to indulge. It x was at last decided that leeches should be u- sed, and on April 20, 1791, at eleven 'a o'clock in the morning, Nicolai informs us it the operation wns performed. " No person," le he continues, "iwas with me besides the Y surgeon, but during the operation my ir chamber was crowded with human visions of all descriptions. This continued unin d torruptodly till about half an hour after s four o'clock, just when my digestion com 1e menced. I then perceived that they began it to move more slowly. Soon after their if colour began to fade, and at seven o'clock r they were entirely white. But they moved 1U very little, though the forms wers as it distinct as before, growing, however, by 'o degrees more obscure, yet not fewer in te number, as had generally been the case. .o They now seemed to dissolve in the air, ' while fragments of some of them continued f visillo for a consideranble time. About Scighllt o'clock tile room was entirely cleared Sof my fantastic visitors. Since that time," \- dde Nicolii, "I have felt twice or three ir times a seiiinsatlion as if they weru going to reappear, without, however, actialIly seeing a nything. Tlhe sanme snsation surprised d no just Ibefore I drew up this account while I wnas examiining some papers relative to thesCe phenomena, whlichl I hald drawn up in the year 1701." Se tlch is a historical necount of what may appeal to tihe senses of a sane and reason able individanl. lBefore entering on their scientiie explanation, it will bie adlvisable Sto give onii or two further examnples of the lphenomena in iuestion. On the occasion of tlii fire whicht dtstroyedl part of the Crystal l'alace in tilte winter of 1860-7, part of tlhe menaigerie had bcen sacrificesd to the flameucs. Tihe chimpoanzee, hlowever, was Sbelieved to have escapedl from Iris cage anil was presently seen oni the roof enldoavour Sing to save lhimslulf by clutching ill ihil r dlespair one of the iron lcimis whichl the Sfire had spared. The struggles of the animal were watchedl with iian intense Scuriosity, minigled with horror and sym pathy for the supposed fate which awaiUted Sthle unfortunate monkey. What was tile i surprise of tile spectalors of ian imminent Stragedly to find tlhat the object wlhich in the guise of a terrified aile had excited Stheir fears, resolved itself into a piece of a- canvas blindl, so tattered, that to tile eye of the imagination, and when moved by tie Swind, it presented the exact counterpart of Ia struggling animall is of special il t, uch an examelle is of especial interest biecause it, 'ove, to its that inot onue ierson alone, but a lsrge nusmber of spectators, may be deceived bty an oblject inperfectly seen, and tidedl in tile illusion bln vividl imnginatin-, into fancying all the "details of a spectacle of which thie chief aictor rs entirely a myth. er A singular case lhas been given on strict ns. nemdical nuthlority of i lady, lwho, walking d from lenrhyn to Ianlnilmth-rllcr mind being to occupied with thle subject of dlrilnking se, fountains--wnas certain sale saw in the rolad sr a newly-etrectd fountain, bearin tile in cc scription. " If any man thirst, let htmt come a unto me anti drink." As nnsmatter of course e- slle mentioned her interest in seeing such ed an erection to the idaughterrs of the gentle \- an whol was satlilosied to lhave plaiced thle of fountain in its plosition. They assured Iher i- that no such ifouitain wa5I in existetnce; re but convinced of the reality of her tenses , on tile grolulll tlhat " seeing is believing," It sle repairedl to thile sp!t where sle hadll seen y the fountain, only to find, howevrer, a fewt s scattered stones in Ilnce of thei expected *r erection. g WYe mtay now turn to consldcer thes er ientilic expflanation of such curious aphenomena in human existence. The cautes of tllise illusions nare not dlillicult to d urndlerstand, since they in reality depend 11 uponr a slight derangement of thle powerse e, whereby we see and hear in an ordinary . and nomrmhal methodl Tomoakour meaning I clear, lot us briefly.conmsdes what takes place in ordinary sensation, when we see or hear the objects and sounds of every-day existence. The eye alighting on an object transfers an im ire?sionof that object to the 01 brain through the lpectal (optic) nerve of N sight, which leads from the eye to the part oI of the brain exercising the sense of sight. cl We in reality do not see with the eye. it That organ is merely an arrangement of al lenses adapted to receive, focus, and other- ft wise adjust rays of light streaming from lI tile objects we see. The function of the ir f eye is simply that of adjusting and correlat- ei I ing the conditions necessary for the pro- d a duction of an impression. This impression tl is carried in due course to a special part of a l the brain, where it becomes transformed al \- into a special sensation- thatof sight. We st i thus truly see not with the eye, but with p , the brain, or rather icith that portion of the n brain which lies in direct relation wtith the nerves of aight. The eye represents the g lenses of the photographer's camera; but a the brain-corresponds to the sensitive pldate 1 which receives the image of the sitter, and It I on which all subsequent alterations of the n image are effected. Of the other senses, the ft I same prominent feature may also be ex- fi a pressed-namely, that in the brain and not v I m the more organ of sense must be allocated n a the true seat of knowledge. The oar modi fies waves of sound; but it is the brain It a which distinguishes, appreciates, and acts c 1 upon the information conveyed by the I 1 organ of hearing. The finger touches art y object; but the seat of knowledge does not I e exist at the extremity of the hand. The n t impression of touch is duly convoyed to the d r brain as before, there to be analysed, comrn mented upon, and if necessary, acted upon v tas well. a On the appreciation of the simple fact a that the brain is the true seat of the senses, f o rests the whole explanation of the ghosts A a and apparitions which occasionally attend t if the footsteps and meet the eyes of I d humanity. When we are conscious of look- a f ing at a real object, a sensation of sight is a 1 formed in the brain, as we have seen. I y Such a sensation we call an "objective" i , one, because it is derived from a veritable v i. object. So also, when we hear a tune S . playedu by a person whom we see, or of fi whose existence, even when unseen, we c, entertain no doubt, the sensation of sound a is then called "subjective." But there are t 11 many familiar instances in which the power 1 o of the mind to reproduce the sensations. t y sights, and sounds we have received, is y demonstrated. Tle day-dreamercan some- g s, times bring the scenes in which he has once a taken part so vividly before his mental t I gaze, that his reverie may actuallybo broken i I by the words which unconsciously flow c d from his lips as his imagination starts into as it bodily action. Such a power of fancy and n a imagination is the beginning or faint imita tion of a still more powerful means which ' we possess of bringing before ourselves the u a. forms and scenes which have once been k ci objectively present with us. In the dream rt n this power is illustrated typically enough. in in lFrom the background of consciousness so I, to speak, we project forwards, in our sleep, y the pictures which a busy brain is reproduc- n g ing, or it may be piecing together from tile g e odds and ends of its fancy to form the n ludicrous combinations we are familiar v f with in the "land of Nod." And' if we in carry the idea of this same power being cc d exercised in our waking moments, to form C e the ghosts of science, the explanation of d it the otherwise curious and mysterious sub- a A ject of illusive visions will be complete. Y d We know then that the brain lhas the ordi- 31 d nary powerof forming images which maybe eo t rojcted outwards in the form of the n: f fancies of every-day life. But these pro- I a jected fancies may grow into plain and I r apparent sensations or images under the n requisite conditions. When we hear "a ai rgig in the ears," we know perfectly , well that no objective sound exists, and bi g scientifically we say that the sensation of hearing in such a case is an internal or sub- al e jective one. When we see flashes of light aI e which have no existence in the outside s world on which we happen to be gazing, tl t we explain their occurrence in tile same te I. way. Now, on such a basis, the ghosts of h s. science are both raised and laid.' The u y images and phantoms of Nicolai, like the h r sparks or flashes of light, are subjective Ii. r sensations. They arise, in other words, pi a from some irritation of that part of the brain, which would have received the im- cc pressions of sight had the objects in ques t tion had an actual existence. But the n y subject also involves a reference to bodily cc a condition and to memory itself. Primarily, i I it will be found that illusive visions appear S only when tile health of tihesubjectof these t visitations is in a weakly state. The de- r rangement of the health is the primary a cause of those curious states. t It is, however, equally worthy of remark i that. many of the phantasms of Nicolai r a were persons whom he knew. Such visions y i- then may be supposed to simply represent s is the effects of very reooent images which had h is been received and stored in the brain, and v ir which wore evolved by the exercise of un- h o colscioue miemory. Of the deceased persons v g whose images appeared to him, tile same n ' remark may be made-memory again re- t It producing, Iy the subjective impressions of t co the brain, tics forms of dead friends. But in what, it may be asked, of the strange N is visions whom Nicolai did not recognise? iI Tile reply which science offers is that these h ie also were images or conceptions of persons a y whom Nicolai must have seen at some time, a is but whom ihe could not remember; mye- v a= torious reproductions, by tile brain, of i sr events which had been impressed thereon, I a- but which had escaped reemmbrance by a .n ordinary memory. Even the characters ir whom Nicolai may have simply heard k described, could be thus produced, and c cl present apparently the images of persons t is with whom he was not, as a matter of con cy scious memory, familiar. The brain, in c in other words, registers and remembers more c e. tit cc memory can evolve; and it is reason- t r, a le to conceive that forgotten images of d things or persons once seen formed the at mysterious strangers of Nicolai's wakingi t cl dreams. ," It is noteworthy that only after a long I o period of visitatton from his fantastic 1 to friends did Nicolni begin to hear them i speak. Thus, tihe sense of hearing had dalso come in time to lelnd its aid in propa le gating thie illusions; and tihe fact that the to visions addressed Nicolai conIcerning his in own immediate affairs and his personal griefs and sorrows, clearly allows thie un cy conscious action of a mind which was n- crooding over its own trials, and which ir was evolving from within itself thie corn Ic fort and consolation of kindly friends. I Ice Last of all, thait tile material basis of these of visionary friends resided in thie weakly ,I bodtly of their host is proved by their dis cI appea:rance on the resumption of tie custo- I he mnary blood-letticg and the impirovement as of thie chealtll--aun adlitional fact shAowing I cl the relation of tie healthy body to the cr- sound mitnd. Ic All suchc illusive visions are tlhus readily Ic explainedt as the creatures of- an imagina-1 Ie tion which, tirughl somne bIrain disturb e IancCe, is enabled to project its visions c- forward on the seats of sense, na the ct "ringing" in our ears is produced ibysoce ie irritation of the hIearing-centre of tlc nt Ibrain. The kunown vision is a reproduc in tion of the pIresent memory, and thle un ed Inlown vision is the replroduction of a of forgotten figure which lhas nevertheless of bIoeen stored away in some nook or cranny Ice of thie maesory-chamber. of Science may thus-as we have before had frecquent occasion to aissure our renders at, -dispiel thie illusion by its free expclana iic tion; and science lhas no highier function rc. or nobler use than when, by its aid, a hly clject like the prescnt is rescued from i tIhe domain of thie mnysterious and brought of within the slcphere of ordinary knowledge. 