Methodist Welcome. On Monday morning a, deputation from the Weslevan Methodist church waited upon General Booth at Mr. C. H. Goode's House, Tynte-street, North Adelaide. The following ministers were present :— The Revs. J. Niehol ^n {president of the Conference), H. T. Bur gess (ex-president), J. Bickford, D. S. Wvllie. T. Raston, R, S. Casely, J. Haslam, C. H. Gold smith, J. Allen, P. O.' Thomas, W. B. Mather, S. F. Prior, and W. H. Rofe. Sir Jno. Bray was also present, and Commissioner Coombs and Colonel iNicol were in attendance. The Rev. J. Nicholson had very great pleasure in extending a welcome to General Booth — one who was a near relative of Metho dists. (Hear, hear.) They remembered with interest that at the impressionable period of his life he had had a close connection with Methodism. Some of the strongest points in the Armyrefleetedthespiritofthatorganisation. It was a casse for rejoicing that they had many things in common, such as the prominence given to 'the necessity for the experience of the conviction of Bin, the penitent form, salva tion, holiness, prayer, and the influence of the Holy Ghost. The people could be prophets and -were free to labor, yet there was a godly discipline. They musttbank the Almighty for having providentially led them into his labors and provoked hiszeaL (Hear, hear.) They sympathised most cordially with the efforts of the Salvation Army to solve the social pro blem. (Hear, hear.) Society needed regeneration and faith in the religion of Christ was its true saviour. lie would be glad to feel that the Army was more than ever united in close friendship 'with the churches. He would quote some statistics showing that Methodism took kindly to the soil of South Australia. The Methodist New Connexion Church had ?united with the Bible Christians, so that at the present tune mere were only three Methodist denominations in the province. . The Wesleyan Methodists had 78ministers, 7,708 members, 411 local preachers, 21,431 Sunday scholars, 51,029 adherents, 278 churches, and 114 other preaching places. The Bible Christians had 43 ministers, 2,889 mem bers; 221 local preachers, 6,339 Sunday scholars, 13,000 adherents, 137 churches, and 14 otter preaching places. The Primitive Methodists had 30 ministers, 2,887 mem bers, 189 local preachers. 6.003 Sunday scholars, 12,690 adherents, 113 churches, and 12 other preaching places. This made a total of 151 ministers, 13,484 mem bers, 821 local preachers, 33,839 Sun day scholars, 76,719 adherents, 528 churches, and 140 other preaching places. This was a democratic community and democracy had its advantages, but yet it had its perils and its responsibilities. The greed of gain' threatened to undermine the founda tions. We had an almost cosmopolitan popu lation and the Continental Sunday threatened to take root. At the last general election, however, a united committee of the Metho dists-churches sought proper consideration for moral -questions, such as the liquor tr.wie, gambling1, divorce, and secularism in educa tion. They did sot get some of their friends returned, but. yet a considerable proportion of thoseeleeted- weresupportersofmorallegisLitjon, Since then the Congregationalists, Baptists, and Presbyterians had taken action, and it would be well if all the churches could unite in a vigilance committee for the unseetatian ser vice of promoting national religion. (Hear, hear.) They loved their visitor for his work's cake; and if' he were with them longer they would learn to love him for his own. (Cheers.) The Revs. H. T. Burgess, R. S. Casely, J. Hsslam, and J. Biekford also spoke in terms of high-'€tdogy of the work of the General General Booth warmly thanked them for their kind expressions of esteem and sympathy. He was, as had been stated, a rela tive- of Methodists, to whom he owed much and towards whom he must ever feel kindly^ He had a great admiration for John Wesley, though uo doubt there were many men and women in England in his time quite ae devoted as he, but he happened to gain prominence, The same reniark applied to himself. He must say that lie regretted that Methodism had become somewhat too much bound by rules. Wesley was essentially a general, and he could not but think that if someone could have been found to leap into the saddle when Wesley dismounted Metho dism would be a greater power now. He trusted that the Methodists would unite, for really disunion among those so eloselv related seemed to him to be ludicrous. There was one matter to which he would refer, and in which he did not think that he had been treated properly by the Methodists of Great Britain. When a man for good reasons was dropped by the Armv he considered it to be scarcely fair that another body should take him and put him in a prominent position 'without first consulting the Army. (Hear hear.) As to political matters, he had sJw&ye; refused to grant his permission to officers of the Army to take part in such affairs. His people could only go where thev -xrald pray, and tall the time came — and it wa pxobablytiistant— when Christ's people united to. send representatives to Parliament to iasist on the observance of Christfe laws the ^.. jav could : not meddle in politics. A Christian life' on all days in the week was an essential which was not fully recognised. Sport was altogether too popular nowadays, and a friend in another colony had told him that it seemed to be valued in the schools almost more than education. Edu cation bad previously too much taken the place of love for Christ, and sport, with, which would come gambling, had' gained too high a position. Christians should band themselves together, so as to raise the tone of public opinion. They should have their own news papers and otherwise work to attain that end. He- -was very grateful to them for their kind welcome. (Cheers.) 