Fourth Page.-The following additional reading matter will be found in the fourth page:-Mining News and Notes, and Forming a Cornish Association. To-day’s Events. —Warden’s Court,,2 p.m.; Raywbod Police Court, 2 p.m/;" Primitive Methodist Anniversary tea, ,7.30 p.m. ; Eagle- Hawk Mechanics’ ; Smoko night concert,* Liedcrtofcl, Masonic Hall, 8 p.m. : Quarterly meeting, Traders’ Assobio tion,Masonio,Hall, 8 p.m. ;, Administrative Council, School of-Mines,'B pi-m. . .. Electoral Rights, -To-day and to-morrow are the last On wliieh clectoral rights can be taken out, so os to be included in the general rolls which are to bb made up to-morrow. The rolls, ns far as relatek to tho Legislative Assembly, will -bo used at tho general election' which .will ;in ; tho ordinary course, take place about the iponth.of April, 1892, The electoral arid deputy - registrars will keep open their offices for the issue of rights until HO lo’clook p.m; Intendlhgappllcants for ’rights hro ad vised-to' apply early to tho,ragiBtTOr.'£ The law requires tno 1 prescribed duoBtioh/na .to!an ap plicant’s . qualification to ; bp' -answoredoin writing-; . theroforo/if applioationbo postponed "until toe'lost day- allowed for the purpose,- ns is too frequently-tho case, much inconveniorc3 •will bo occasioned, with’'the possible result thot those who delay wiR he' deprived* of the opportunity of enrolment. 'Each 'applicant should pro vide'himself with ’tho, ; ;statnj>, (6d.‘) pecbB!?aiy.for.:thb payment of The right.: No, person whoso name Ison/or entitled-to bo on, any roll of Tatopttying oloctarsfornny division of a province, and nq person- whoso .name is already on 7 any roll 6f ; rbtopaying iJ bleetorB; for any division- of an olectorol dißtrictlhay obtain ’oh elector’s right ifqr such district'// J oniFriddy night v h ° a shore time;bgb-.tVras. married’to a Turkey Jolly .vendor named, Como attempted suicide-in toe-lookup.' a £fho had been arrested -for bein g l, caught; in tho >adt of blackguarding her husbaadi ondknock ing :him about She had been drinking hcaviiyj/and* whon/ih - thh 'lookup trled To strangle hbrfielf ' by putting' o-Handkerchief ronn'di' The ! had prp^ioutoij|.^en^twltiiJ kept a, i;watchful byb/jfTpbh/lftorr, %s Bohior Constablo Cantwell hnpponed to':be in the lookup at the*tlrae, bo- jUwvot her In o straight -JaokoU She afterwards protended to bo very.ill; and was takonlo ? jfcho gaolhos?! woman.will bhiibrougbt botpto Police Court" on Saturday-next. On ,» pro*' vions occasion she attaropicAto tear her ft toftirpitoig jp -,,f } ' r woddihg|flAk- col|bVatedf at Church Ott Saturday, the cou traauo'gjfpaiitios being Miss Cantwell, only daughter of Mr. W. Cantwell, of Williamson : street, and Mr. J. Louutga'a Railways. .The .bride was given awpy- by her father, r, The Imdesmaid was.' Mies-vßoriahalß ond> the groomsman' Mr.* CanVwoil, junior. Tho bride was attiredln'a' travelling -dross of navy blue surah . silk and cronin. Rat. The bridesmaid wore a drosti of oroturi ddlnino, and both tho bride and bridesmaid wore gold brooches, the gift*,of, the bridegroom, The happy couple loft by' tho 1 ' throe o’clock train'for Sydney. Tho: bride was tho ro oiploht of many useful and costly presents. A Nkbdlh ix a Child;—A little glil named Louisa McDonald, about four years Of ago, residing with her parents in Williamson street, was brought ito.'.tlio surgery qf Dr. J. D, Boyd, View point, on* Saturday morning, suffering from a> pain, ju her sido. On exami nation 5c was found ' that a nc.odlp was im bedded in libr side pndoraoath the skin,; How' it got there, or how long it had been there is ft mystery.. The little thing was placed under chloroform, and a largo noodlo was ex tracted from its abdomen, ■ THB.RaXLWAY COLLISION AT Yestovday afternoon at about, two o’clock the two, damaged engines were, brought! into the Sandhurst station .for-repair,. .TIklNo; ’9 en gine, tho one belonging to tho goods train, whioh was run into, was tho worst damaged, The - cow-catcher was torn completely off, and. tho buffers wore smashed. The buffer bars wore also destroyed. Tbo No, 227, .the/ en gine of tho mixed train, was also broken about the buffers, aad had some slight .damages to the machinery., The front'lanjps of both on-, giuos wore, smashed;. A couple of truoks wore also damaged, biifc only slightly. No official reports havo as yet boon received by tho Rail way Department, , An inquiry into the col lision will bo made on Tuesday. The Fatal Accident at Huntly.—A magisterial enquiry was hold on Saturday at Huntly by Mr. William Clay, J.P., (.touching the death of tlio farmer, John Brooks, whose body was found on Friday morning on. the .Kamarooka road, os described in Saturday’s issue. * Fromstho. evidence. it appears that deceased was. in. tho habit of standing up in his cart, and that whilo. going over n rat ho was jerked' Off. Dr. T. Murphy, of Sand hurst, who made a post mortem examination, deposed that tho spine was fractured,.and that there were bruises on tho head and on .his face. Death may ..not havo boon Snstan-. taneoue, Constable Arthur and Mr. Affiock, tlio school-teacher at Kamarooka who dis oovorod tho body, gave, evidence, and a ver dict of accidental death was returned. . 'Weekly Mixing Returns.—Tho return of gold on Saturday was 22170z, the best “of week ” return for tbo.year. Tha boat yields wore—Now Rod' *' White' Sand \ Blue, 5580z; Confidence, 2350z; Now Hopeful; 1540z; Golden Ago, U6oz;. Gt Control, Victoria, 86oz; Gt. Southern, 82oz, ond Lady Barkl*, 690z. Tho Now Chum Railway, Specimen Hill, Now Argus, Gt. Ex. Hustler’s and Lazarus No. f l had fair amalgam yields; tho respective amounts being—37B, .;335, 308, 255 and 2370z. Tho Now Chum Railway do ctored a dividend of Is per share, £1844 10s ; Now Red, White and Blue, Specimen Hill and Now Argus, 6d -each, tho respective amounts being £1126, £lOOO and £750 —total, £4719; 10s. ! ; . The Half-yearly Meeting of tho: Railway Mutual Service Association, which was to havo .boon hold on Saturday evening, was postponed for a week on account of tho small attendance, ; Appointments.—Tbo following arc. an nounced :—Mr. Jho. Wolfe, Huntly, to bo deputy registrar of deaths and deaths vice Mrs. Cartmoll, resigned; Messrs. Jas. Hicks, P. Farquharson, and Gf N. Williamson, to bo trustees of the Corop Cemetery; and Mr. P. J. Busst to bo warden’s dork, mining registrar, atc 1 ,, vice Mr. H. 8. V. Busst on leave. - i Can Solicitors Wear. Wigs?—Sjinco ,the passing .of the Legal Profession Practice Act, which comes into operation on Ist January, 1892, some solicitors who intend to avail them selves of tho provisions of the Act, which ori- I titles them to practise as advocates in the Supremo Court, have been exorcising : their brains as to whether they will.be permitted or required to appear liko barristers, robed in wig and gown. The following extract from :the Queensland Law Journal,- reprinted in the Australian Law Times, of 13th September," 1884;,. will bo road with interest as throwing SOpie light on the question.—“At the' sitting of the Full Court tlip.Chief Justice stated that, while on circuit at Toowomba, lie;, held,, an apparition in wig-and gown, which proved to he a solicitor.’ Ho did not attempt ,to-ad dress the- court; had ho done so ho would have stopped him. and made him remove the insignia of-a dogioo whichho was not entitled to wear. Ho wished itito bo distinctly under stood by solicitors that they must not, in consequence of tho passing of tho . Legal Practitioner’s Act, assume the robe of a bar rister,hut appear either in tho ordinary attire or in tho gown'applicable to their order.” Eh ioprio 'of Launceston.—News of the ap.'ioi.j’imerit of tho first, ,Roman/ Catholic b«siop of Launceston,, Tasmania, by the Pope,, ii da ly,expected. The bishops of Aus tralasia have nominated three , clergymen os eligible, namely the Very Rev., Monsignor Yordon; president of St, Patrick’s Eccbaiasti cal College, Manly,-Sydney; tho Very Rev. Dean Bouchihor, of Launceston; and the Rev. J. ; L. Hcgarty, of 'East St. Kilda, Monsignor Vordon is a nephew of - tho late Cardinal Culleni Archbishop of Dublin, and a cousin (’.of Cardinal Moran. ' Prior to coming to Aus tralia'to take charge of tlio’new seminary at I, Manly, ho s was attached, at, different times to ,tlio professorial staffs ,6f,Hqly Cross Eocloaias l.Vca} Coirego,,, CldpliffA. D.ah'in.' and of the Irish Collegia. Rome, Doan Kaechinor was forme..*ly curate of St Audopn’a, Dub’in, and St Mary’Bj Sandymount ncari that city. He', has spent many years in Tasmania. The, Rev. Rev. Mr. Hogarky was educated at All Hallows Foreign Missionary College, Drum condra, Dublin, for the diocese-of Melbourne, and. has ministered ia various parts of Vic toria during tho last 19 years. It is generally thought that Dean Bcechinor will .bo the [ first Bishop of Launceston.—Ago. BEfTpiao AND BaliJarat.—Delegates t from the Miners’ Association^friendly societies-rind: others attending ,conferences at Ballarat may for the'future travelfvia* Daylosford (instead of Maryborough), at tho same cost r Thi« saves ' ohe'- : hbiir' .either way. Tho Hon. J. Sternberg, with- the Hon. J. H. Abbott,.who have been moving id this matter, havo after’ several - intei v’ews ‘ with the department, re ceived the following letter from the traffic , manager:—“ln-answer to your letter of!the, 22odjin8t„ I bog to inform _you that jn'stcuc-' tions have be'4n issued that 'tickets boWooh pr yibo versa ’ via .Mary-; .borough are available via Daylesford without =extra payment.”'- 7 % * California Gully MbojhXnics’- Institote.- —Tho month'ly committee mooting took i,place on Friday evening. There were present— Messrs if. (ia the choir), S, J, Wil-” liams, W. Owen, C. Neerhut and J. W.' Ton kin. Correspondence was received from tho Hon. H. R. 'Williams and Dndcr- Soorolary,, respecting the'annual grant, and from S;' J. Williams, hon. secretary Gundrv relief- coni-' inittoo. asking for a refund of the- athount charged for:tnq use of thoryp o,n * The request was granted. Accounts amounting to;£6 Ids' lOd wore passed for payment. Italian Immigration. Mr. Fabbri,, at tho meeting of the Melbourne Trades’ Hall last Friday evening, moved a resolution to tho effect that the' council express its approval of the action of Signor Barrono Squitbi, consul general of Italy, in ' opposing the proposal to bring out Italian immigrants to Queensland under contrabt. Tho motion was adopted. . ■Sir'WilhaMiClarkb' leaves for London by , the R. M.S. Arcadia on Saturday next, .' LARRikiNisM'iN StrrdiißLL-STREBT. 4-About* 9 o'clock., on Sunday , night, four young fel lows of tho “ well dressed” larrikin class, ap parcntly 'having ,-rocontly emerged from some licensed promises or other in Milchell-street, deliberately"jumped-up.fend smashed tlie-glass in the lights outside Mrs, Hill’s butchor’s shop, 'Sudli' conduct is in ,tho ox-• tromo, and if ~tho offenders ’arc caught, of Avbioh there is a possibility —it is hoped they will be ravorcly dealt.with, • : Bendivo Art. ,Gallery.—Tho .number, bf visitors'iMt Avoqk, was 1055, of whom .163/,at-. tendo j yMf»rday. Mt 'J. ;H D./Crofts was in at- ; Undanco as Wnv curator. " vnr.- . Xooal ’EuuuoA,--At a mooting of Ihb Echuco'Looftl committee;, held-* last Friday hight,-tho 'd6sirabili(y '©Making a poll' to -reducfl the nambor' of hotels'iu the district was considered. It was decided that a final decision- shohld bo arrived as so/m os tho tcchnical difficulty which has arisen in, eonneotibh;. with, the Maryborough poll had bcon byorcornd. 1 Tnorb oro 45 licohspd houses,: hot; including wine licenses, within the .borough.. The 1 statutory number is 13., ' ' 1 The Bazaar at the Town Hall, ip aid of the GongVegatio'hal Church, was contmucd on Saturday evening. There was a .very fair at- ; tendance. and pianoforte selections were .given by various ladies And gentlemen. A and other ODbertainments" were in full swing, And;: a shadow pantomime ; was given for tno odifioation of the largo hum-.: bor ot The bazaar;\yill bo open agaiu to-hight, And now attractions arc : .pr6fnjsed..i ;. ' J— • ■ '' , . City.Pqlioe s Court."—rlho magistrotos on • JHi Abbqtt); and and 3. Illiogwqrthjx : w<w... re’: manddd uhtil Wqdnosday for drunkennoas, :as : ho wasAtill u'n'ahr;|he i influonco of liquor;. A charge : of' insultihg ’ behavior against i Qraoe> 1 Collins, aliaa ‘i- : Mrs. , domo Charlie,” \yas ad sued J. Butler-for oiesertihg his faired sorvioe. ,! Mr; TnleheU. ajiroWrad for tlio. plain tilLand Mr. Macohoy^-ioii. the.dofondttiit. Plolntlff Luiatod that ho. engaged ithdUjuan at 24» nor ■’vvcak imtil Christinas. lib'had been mowing hay tcu 4iy8 when ho loft without any warn ing. TliO/dofonoo wa» that. the plaintiff told him to joavo. was granted to enable'; a man named diddou, whom, ho said,' was present, and heard Maguiro order hiui off the place. ' Tub Rev. Patrick BbbknaJ*, one of the -FathoraoMho Order: of tho Holy -Ghost, died i.Ort Saturday at the college ot Ballarat, Hie; ,death so soon after tho , establishment of the institution is regarded witlifeolingaof deep “regret. - - Probate has beep granted to the will of tho late Mr. Alexander Muirbead, wholesale* butcher,, of Castlomaino, and landowner of >Miliaino. Tho doooftsctl died on 32nd Ootobotj leaving a will 1 executed on 8th October, 1888, and a codicil tp the will dated 12th Soptcm*, iborlast,. The'A»tdte, the value of winch is; £32.203, consisting of £4711 realty and 1 personalty, is left to the deceased's I ‘relatives. , , ' School Teachers have boon * ppomted by tho Education department to the following school i: —• Hoad teachers ; Robert Short, Creswlck; Thomas W.- Simpson, Wurbiirtou, Fihst female assistant | Lydia Hope, Ko.. 2365, I Clrltorii v First malo assistant ; Alfred Wilson, i No. 2511, Fitzroy. 1 Military.—Tho following have b5oh np- I pointed lieutenants of cadetsMessrs. John Bruce Cook,, H. G. Shugg, and Win. A. GavanagBJ'' 1 ' , ’ Tire Resignation of Mr. Andy Kerr as a J.P.foirtho northern 1 bailiwick has boon ac cepted. r . • ; Vacancies in State Schools,—The sec retary of public .instruction notifies -that' vacancies for head teachers and assistants exist in . the following .schoolsNo. 2387, Byawatha, 5tb closer head teacher; No. 2440, Emti Bridge, 5th class, head teacher; No. 2663, Kilfoora, 5th class, headteacher; No. 2737, Tamlougb West, 6thclass, hood teacher; No. 1005, Golden Lake, 5lh class, ; bond ■tcachor;; No. 1658. Spring Vale, 5th class, head teacher; No. 2227, Tragowcl Plains, 5th class, 1 head '’teacher'; No. 1508, Hawthorn, first male assistant, 3rd class; No, 84, Chelten ham, first female assistant, 4th class; No. 122; GroswlcK, 1st'female assistant, 4th class; No, 695, Ballarat, female junior assistant.; No; 1998, Ballarat, female assistant; No, 1189, Melbourne,; female junior assistant; No, 2611, Fitzroy, female junior assistant. r .• An. Adulterer's Punishment. — On‘ Wednesday night a young min named Daniel Brady, a resident of Meredith, was brought into the Geelong.hospital by hia brother. Ho was suffering from severe 'contusions and othoi injuries to his head, from tho effects of which he vvos unconscious. Xt was stated that tho injuries were the result of a severe beat ling administered by tviinan named Gobnoy. A report' furnished by Mourilcd- consUible Des mond to-day states that Brady is a carter, living, with his'."parents at,,Meredith, and Cooney a fencer employed by tho Railway Department. Tho latter is a married man with a family, and on Tuesday evening, when lie returned to his homo at. 8 o’clock, bo dis covered Brddy lying in bed-with bis,.wife, Brady did. not want to explain, but promptly took flight, with Cooney at bis heels. After a long and exciting chaso Brady got away. By chance the two men mot next afternoon near the' Meredith railway station; Cooney now had hia revenge, and in tho presence of some railway officials, ho thrashed Brady unmerci fully about bis hoOd-and shoulders with a whip handle, Brady was powerless to ward off the blows, and finally ho fell'to. tho ground in' a state of collapse. .Cooney then loft him lying ph the,roadway,..and when Brady w*s picked up dfterwuids it was feared that ho had been mortally injured. He remained unconscious until early o.n Thursday morning, but during the day tho resident surgeon at tho reported that his patient was.improving. The .police .up to thu proeont havo not taken action. .Sensational Disclosures.—The 'Master in-Equity-(Sydney) is holding an inquiry into .the affairs of the Northumberland Banking Company now in liquidation. Iti operations we-o chiefly carried on. ot Newcastle. Tho disclosures nvo of a most sensational; charac , ter, and it is considered probable that court proceedings will bo taken against some of tho implicated. Another telegram states that the body of James Braund, one of tho auditors of tho Northumberland Banking Company, has been found floating In Sydney Harbor, near Pyrmo'ut. The' deceased was to have been called as. a witness.in connection, with tho case, but.nothing has 'boon die < covered to show bow ho got into tho water. \- There is a very severe drought in tho back blocks of Western Australia. The Elder Exploring Party has, for want, of water, booh compelled .to leave their course, and to strike for tho settled districts west of Perth. 20ft 4in of Snakes. —Tho Kcrang Times relates;—On "Monday at midnight Mrs. C. Palmer, of Wandolln Lake, whilst engaged •sowing in her children’s room, heard a rust ling sound, and on looking for the cause espied a tiger-snake crawl into a‘box containing some of tho children’s clothes. Sho called Mr. Palmer, And ho sooh made bis appearance with a gun, and shot tho reptile whore it was concealed. Of course, ho riddled the clothes, and also sot thorn on flro owing to tho dose proximity of tho object fired at. The snake measured 3ft. On tbo_ following day Mrs, Palmer, whMsfc engaged -. in' hor domes tie duties,- bad her attention; directed by one of tho children to tho fact that there was a snake close to her,: She and tho ser vant girl immediately killed it, and whilst doing so saw another close by, which they .treated in a' similar manner. . The first measured 5ft Gin and the second 6ft 4:n, and wore of the brown species. This, however, dd not complete the batch. , for on Wednes day morning iff.'- Pallor observed a snake close to- the bouse, and immediitcly de spatched it, Tuis was abo a brown snaio, and measured 5fb Gin. . - , , Tho Foresters Lodge will hold .their annual pic nic this year at Macedoh. An examination of applicants for Fce-iees as shorthand writers will be hold at the Law Com Is, Melbourne on Saturday, December 12 at 2 o’clock.' Partic- ilarsara advertised. . Ma lame Molini, “ tho great fortune tel'er,” announces tiiat sho interviews ladies as usual at 12 Stewart si. from 10 a.ro. till 10 p.m. A very largo sale of household furniture of .every description; the contents of a city hotel, will be held .to-day by Messrs. H. M. Marks and Co. ot .thoir rooms. at eleven o'clock, in tho matter of Messrs. Hoffmeycr and-Co. and Cohn .Brewery Cloy. v. Mc.Vtamney. Full par ticulars of tho sale apjiear in our auction columns. /..The Bendigo; Licdertafol give - their forty fourth out rtainment in the. Masonic Hall this evenihj. It will take t)io, form pf a smoko night concert The programme consists of part songs,, solos, duets, zither so'os, etc. 