ANOTHER "'DREAM'" BY OLIVE :SCHREINERi. "GOD'S. LIGHT ON THE -'IOUN . TAINS.' " And God said, .et there b light: And there sas One by one the "clond lifted, and. the dense: drooping veils of mist were slowly withdrawn. i . The great mountains became visible, clearly defined against the heavens' ethereally faint blue. -Eternal snow lay frozen white upon them, and their cold high peaks' seemed very far away. ; But" one wide bar of lumninous. gold lightened their elopes towards the east; ,and in that warm and tender haze the hard snow 'melted, and' the purple violets opened into bloom. ' Two dark figures of men advanced into the light. They had climbed, for. m?ny hours. They had seen the radiance from afar, and now they. entered it together. They were brothers in their common lot and creed, but ss they stepped into the golden glory their brows - grew :heavy with distrust. and wrath. " What doest thou here ? " said the one. " The light is mine i"" " : y, fool," said the other, "thou liest the light is mine'! -And the evil frown deepened on their faces, and they forgot their brotherhood and fought foughtwith a mermilossblind furor every. theirs; fought till 'the violets on the turf sickened and died in the torrent of blood that was shed. But suddenly between them a Shadow fell. Andthe Shadow'snamewasDeath. Thenthose contesting twain shrank from each other's grasp in fear, and covering'their eyes they fled swiftly; and the Shadow went with them. And their blood sank into the cool, brown earth, and the violets bloomed again. And God's Light lay still upon the moun tains. Two women caine into the Light.- They were. great Queens, brow-bound with gold aind burdened with a weight of gems. 'With them they dragged a fainting .feeble creature like a child withwings, an almost dying thing that wept and wailed aloud and shuddered as it came." Reaching the Light, the women uaused and faced each other. " Loose thou thy hold of Love,".said the one-" for lo, we have reached the goal, and, by the wonder of my beauty in the Light, both Light and Love are mine." - ""0 traitress!" cried the other. "What hast thou to do with beauty where I am ? -I am the mistress of the world; love is my ser vant, light my heritage. Dispute no more, for love and light are mine I" And again the shadow .fell. Then those two rival Queens grew pale and thin, and melted like frail ghosts into the darkness. But the winged child remained, alone weep ing. And God's Light lay softly. on- the mountains. A solitary wayfarer advanced into the Light. ' Bare-headed and with'uplifted eyes, he paused and looked and smiled. His limbs were very weary, his hands were hard with unrewarded toil-; but, though his face was pal]eand - careworn, it was beautiful. His lips parted in a sigh of rapture. " This isthe Light !" he said, " My God, I thank Thee !" And the winged Love, who wept alone," drew near to him and kissed his feet. "O, who art thou?".it questioned him sobbingly. " Who art thou that has toiled so far to find theLight, and hast no word of envy on, thy, lips, .but: only peace and praise ?" And the Stranger smiling, answered, " I am known as the Despised and Lonely. In all the world I possess nothing-not even a blessing.' Alone I have been from the first Beginning-alone I must be to the last End. But I have sought the Light and found it, whorefore I praise the Giver of the Light who hath not suffered me to be dismayed. For.I bear the name most hated among men -the name of Truth." And again the Shadow fell. Only it was nomore a Shdow butaBrightne?ebrighten-= ing into' the Light itself. And tired Truth drank in the golden Glory, and grew strong. Love. dried its childish tears, and afar off there was a sweet sound as of the singing of angels. And God's Light widened on the mountains. [This poetical allegory is eent to us by a correspondent as having originally appeared in an old number of an African missionary magazine, now extinct. It was there un signed, but no one who reads it (says our correspondent) can doubt that it is correctly attributed above. If not by Miss Schreiner, it is certainly a very happy attempt in the same style.] The new Imperial defence gun vessels Boomerang and Karrakatta, 2,735 tos., 4,500 horse-power, having both satisfactorily com pleted their gun and machinerv trials,, were delivered to the naval authorities at Sheerness on 14th February. from the works of Sir W. G. Armstrong and Co., of Elawick, where they have been built and equipped for sea at a cost of nearly £50,000 each. 'be Boomerang and Karrakatta were immediately commissioned with complements of 86 officers and men each for despatch to Australia, the Boomerang being commanded by Lieutenant Thomas C. Fenton, and the Karrakatta by Lieutenant W. J. Scullard. The Boomerang is intended to strengthen the British Squadron on active service in Australian waters, but the Karrakatta, on her arrival at Sydney, is to be paid off and placed in the Australian Steam Reserve,. being kept in readiness for active service when- re ouired. The Admiralty have issued instru. tlons for the thirdc.lase cruiser Rapid. 12, 1,420 tone, 1,400 horse-power, Captam William M'C. F. Castle, to be recommissioned at Sjdney for aoother trmin a service o. the Autralian station. The Rapidiiin fiture to be in charge of an oficer of commander'serank inateid of a esptain, as dasiogbheionier comanimin,. 