THE FREE-TRADE ASS00IA- TI0N. iTseemsratherhai'duponMi'. Pulsford that the Free-trado and- Liberal Asso ciation, with which he has beon so closely connected, should view withsucli extreme disfavor his abandonment of the sinkinc shin. The nowenaners of tho party express this feeling very pointedly ; and while praising the late secretary for his past exertions they do not hesitalo to condemn tho assertions contained in Ms letter of resignation. In their opinion the safety of Free-trade, and what thoy are pleased to term Liberalism, is far from being tho accomplished fact which Mr. Pulsford maintains. On tho contrary,' it has no real hold upon the people. Its success depends upon tho prosperity of the association, and this depends upon Mr. Pulsford. Such being tho admitted state of tho case it is obviously necessary to attack the reasons he has given for his resig nation — and, indeed, in so far as they aro not personal they are extremely feeble — but in- doing this they inflict the cruellest blow upon him by showing as conclusively ns they can that by quitting his position he does not understand the real state of' tho controversy nor the gravity of the situation. However, leaving the association and the ex-secretary to settle their dif ferences, it may be noted that this. Free-trade and liberal body has thought well to bring itself again pro minently forward. We take this to bo sufficient proof that tho association is on the point of falling to pieces, if it has not actually done so already ; and an indication that those who have bled freely in the past in order to keep it together will shortly be invited to bleed again for the purpose of restoring its suspended animation. It is a matter of common knowledge that tho association is torn by internal dissensions as well as harassed by lack of funds. Members hold all sorts of contradictory opinions on the questions of the clay — Single Tax advocates, abolitionists,1, direct taxers, and pro- fcssors'of every, variety of quack medi cines for the public health are inT eluded within the circle of its liberalism. As might be expected, it has verified the old adage that two of a trade cannot agree. For somo considerable time past it has not been heard of by the people whom it was its mission to educate. Even Mr. Puls ford has ceased to write his intermin able letters, and the tracts and other leaflets which it designates as tho literature, or, more properly, litter if Free-trade have ceased to amuse or annoy a long-suffering public. Beyond theso methods of instruction the asso ciation never got. It was a weak and sickly bantling from the first, and having now worn out the patience oven of its parents and nurses the best thing it can do is ro give up the ghost without another struggle. One would think that if ever there was a time when an association pro cessing ultra Free-trade and the most advanced Liberalism ought to bo in evidence it should be on the eve of the meeting of the Federal Convention, at which the fiscal policy of the colo nies must certainly be discussed. If there is anything in the arrogant assumption that the association is tho mainstay or backbone of Free- trade in Hew South Wales, without the aid of which its principles could not possibly be maintained, it should now be in full and complete working order, lnfifoflfl nt nnincliintv Kir mntillinn Ca v "J l/AW J A. KJV/ far, howover, from this association being tho life of Free-trade and the power which keeps it together it is a mere name ; . and the members, not being in accord as to what they want, exert absolutely no influence whatever on the cause. We do not say that they could do much for it any way, because the principle of Free- trade is gradually but certainly losing its hold on the people. As a matter of fact, instead of the associa tion advancing the interests of Free- trade or Liberalism, it has been kept on foot simply by the exertions and pecuniary assistance of a few enthusiasts. They aro now weai'y of the thankless task, and tho groat body of members are more than doubtful whether Free-trade is, aftor all, the great and life-giving institution thoy once believed it to be. They havo acquired new ideas and invented nostrums of thoir own, which they naturally enough assert to be infinitely more powerful remedies for all the ills tho State is lieir to. And they may just as well confess at once — it would be infinitely better than casting all tho blamo upon poor Mr. Pulsford — that Freo-trade has had its day. Tlnless they resolutely close their eyes to everything that is going on in the world around them — nay, evon in their immediate neighbor hood and at their" own doors — they must perceive that, although as an ex ploded theory it may be occasionally re ferred to, it is practically a thing of tho past. They may hug the delu sion that so long as Great Britain is the stronghold of the principle it will endure for ever, and that all other nations are moro or less mad. But Great Britain is gradually embracing- Protectionist ideas — not, perhaps, by altering her tariff, but by passing laws for the preservation of the home trade and preventing foreign competition. Circumstances aro actually forcing her out of her former position, and her manufacturers are discovering that in order to compete with America they must establish factories on American soil. And as England' is thus recognising the necessity for a change how it it possible that Now South Wales can stand alone as a vendor of foreign goods. She might . ns well open a national -ragshop at once. Like the prudent mariner spoken of by the old satirist, it is time for her to trim her sails and prepare to meet the coming storm. Freo-trade is unquestionably doomed, and the best course open to the moribund Free- trade and Liberal Association is to change its principles altogether — a matter of littlo difficulty, we should think, seeing that thev aro themselves not quite clear what they are now — and boldly advocate what in theiv hearts most of the members believe to be the true course — the open protec tion of native industry and tho .ad vancement of Australia as a nation. 