The Storyteller. Tlie Property- M aster's Ghost. JOB PlNDBK, property. muster nf the Theatre Rigal wbb h poet, Dot that he wbb niiy the loss » proper! y-tnantpr, fur n more cinscliMitl«ii8 Btid hard- working servant iwver submitted to b» sworn al by a -mmiHKor ; but limes thu 'oaonethPH sflrllinndl' would ho strong nnnn l,i«n „,wlflio,i IflllHWOrlc WAAHt all slack, In- was to li« nvnidcd liy all pro saic persons who did nnl waut In Im Retard by thn first available button, while Pinder, with Ills eye in fine freuRV rill ing, poured forth 'A Poem to ttie Pit,' or ' Btanzin (o the HUlls.' At the li'glntilng of the s'-anon a pretty and Intelligent young girl had joined tbe oompany lo play siiiull parts, dlie was the only d-nighier of h poor widow, who gained her livelihood bb a m-amstr«sa nt. one of llie large theatrical costumiers Iu London. Her name, or rather he.r pro fessional iinm°, was Rose Huzledean. She had begun her theatrical career as a coryphee, bill, hu( hy dint of sheer Imrd work and pemeverance, had obtained sufficient education tn qualify herself for s more responsible position. During the season she had so Improved by practice Iu the varied rBiige of char acters, aud had gained bo much coufld dence by the praise and encouragement, of tbe manager and company, tbata bright and successful career wbb predicted forhi?r. AmongBl oibers whose general kind ness Biid prHCliRnl suggestion* had been nf great assistance to ihe struggliug girl wbb John Lester, who played Ihe leading Juvenile business. He was 8C#ptial uc tor, Bud n gnud f-llow, who would prob ably have achieved a much higher posi tlou but for hii unfortunate penchant for playiug practical j ikrs. I Managers dirt not always appreciate a species of liuinour which sometime* made (hem the butt of their companies | and servants, and Jack Lester frequently found that Ills mummer's seiiBe of humour, did not est-iiri beyond an en- I velop? placed in ti ip hand* i-y the promp- j ter contaltiiiiK » foitniKlit'e notice. Forced liy tiwwsiiy slid experience to spare the manager, Bud finding uik com pany at the Theatre Royal loo wide- j awake t» liPC'iine liix viciim°, Jack Lester bad seined upon tli» property-master for tils prey, 8i»d Piwlpr, who In other re , specie wat h r-uiurUalily intelligent aud clever young fellow, would hp beguiled luto reading lii« fio«try acd givine copies lo biB hyperciUicul patron, who would Ingeniously pervert and alter them into sucb extraordinary productions tbat when they were reiid in the gr^en-rooui witb exaggerated capture Hnd burlei-que emphasis, liis listeners would tie cou vulsed with laughter. JaPklj''i-- i'j,imiiH'ni«'n*, lma-»v»r, was j one night iirone'ii ton it-iuiniiiim ny the extrnnrriiimrv hikI unexpected li -! havionr ni II i*e 11 v/.'e.Wu who inHu nantly pr.it.-sled ntwi'! ilie ij liculp mat was beina lieiped 't'Oil I lie devoted llnml Of tlie unr»rie--inil-* pw't, HTtil Wlloaviiwi-d her inlenii.ni o' wi-runn' linn, iinle-s tin* cruel araiiseiu-i!l was »t one.* stopp .1. Jack Ij-H iT t ' r-i»'ed. HUH Rose fl'Zt' dean epenlily (irnveil she p wiun-tu of her word Tne r-ptilt of lirr cluwn pionsliip rif Pm-ter wn« ki»*i- t lie n*-xt -tnv wheu, in re-p'HiBe lo fji-sl.er's i'ivit-tti.ii) to write him '? fur ocitnti'in Iween thn pie«-(-.-, iii-'. iu t«ke ni.ir*' tli/iti five tuinulep, depcribing llie liislory and wandering of tiie lo-»t lrib»sof I-rael, Pinder r^piied iti l inKinc0 wiiich if not elegant, was at leasi furcitilc, ?' Write it yourself, aud t ir- ti it i,er (1(1. ' ' A co:iiiiM-B now sprung up liPtweP'. Pinder and Isis q'i'ti imn pa'rinu, nioie tban counterh danced, liowevei, liy tl:e Increased wr:d Eeiniine interest, evinced by Rose Rtiz^ldean In llie jioei'a verses, which rapidly developed a more amorous tendency, and when -me of tne ladies found pom** versus left accidentally upon RoBe's dressing place, tiecimiiiiR with — Pouting lips, I love to kins you, Walking homeward in tlie wet ; When to raise the homely giogliain, Id our rupture we forget ! BUspicions were uroused, which appeared to gain on ti- mitioi when anotuei effusion wh« ilisei-vi-'reft ill h^r li:tfiil-t-ar, which she hud left on her chair while rehearsing, und which concluded. — When the ring upon your linger Iu the vestry vou will linger. With our anxious hearts at ease, While I pay tile parson's foes. AH doubts, however, were set at rest (owardBlheendofNovemher, when it was formally annmin '*'* that Miss HuKledeau bad become Mrs. Pinder. The aiiioiun seoson had drawn towards ibe close Pinder was hupy inodelline for (be paoto infme, and the programme was being * changed nightly, in a vain attempt to draw a go-is— nnd-pnddiug loving politic, when n drum* founded upon 'Jiint Lynne' was put into rehears*) for per formance the same night. Miss Rose Hazledeaii (Mrs. Plurier,) in consequence of tbe fudUpnsitioD of the leading lady, was caBt for tbe runaway wife. The re hearsal was a liasty und incomplete one. The manager was busy drilling the hallet for tbe pantomime. The prmiplei's attention was distracted with scene Slots, and Pinder was hurriedly petit to tirminghxm to purchase crtaln uefe. - sarles for the properly-rooiu. To tbe drama, a letter was supposed lo he written by tbe runaway wife, addressed In her husband. In wiiich she announced tier intention nf leaving him for ever. The prompter being busy, Mrs. Pinder copied the letter herself, and at (he end of tbe evening's perfonnance ft was left on tbe prompter's desk, n bere ll wns noticed by Jack Lester, junt bb Mrs. Pinder ruBbed up to the prompter, and. In an excited manner, nulled to lie «-xcuaud rehearsal inxt morning. Hlie had received a telegram (o say that her mother was ill. There was just lime to I catch the last train, and be hack iu time for tbe uext night's performance ; might she go? Permission was at once given. She wrote a hurried note to tier husband, ex plaining Ihe cause nf tier a-isance ; give it to the prompter to baud to Pinder, who was exiiected hack iiefote the farce was over. She then hurried away with a hasty good-night to Jack Lester, whose busy hraiti Immediately oouceived tbe idea nf playing a practical joke upon Pinder. It was a sudden Impulse, acted upon without thought, Tbe prompter's attention was engaged, and In a moment the envelope, insufficiently fastened, was npened, and Ihe property letter. Iiidrtlng farewell In tier husband, was substituted for tbe real one. The performance was ove~, the lights were lowered, lju- lompuny and cmployr-H bad left, and Jack F's iu tbe act nf earing good-night lo /lie 1 1 all-keeper, when Pinder returned, nod (tie note was plBced iu iiis bauds. He read ft through by the potifjiry fiaF jetover the door, crushed It in his Jjaud, and without a word walked iulo th/i dimly-lighted and gloomy theatre, and up luto his property- room, which wan situated i.ver tlie (lira. Leisler, wbo wbb iu reality a very good hearted fellow wben not blinded by Ills master passion, watched Finder's retreat ing figure, Hiid had just made up . bis Wind 10 go after him aud explain every, tblng, wheu lie was suddenly seized by balf-s-do!!«n jovial acquaintances wbo had couii! to fetch him nut to supper, and listening to no excuses, tbey dragged bltn away to a neighbouring boalelry, where in the excitement Pinder was for gotten, and It wbb not until tbe next mottling, when, with au aohlugbead, be dragged binfaelf to the theatre, , tbat be remembered with a paug of remorse tbe cruel joke that he had perpetrated. ' Late, bb usual, Mr. LeBter,' ex claimed tbe manager, aa Jack made bis apppuratioe. ' Beglunerx, please,' shouted tbe prompter, and tin rehearsal proo--eded quietly, ouly delayed uow aud then hy the waut of nuc'i properties bb were essen tial In the schemes, and which, after con siderable delay, were brought by Plnder'a assistaut, ?? Where's that confounded property - man?' contluually shouted toe manager, but without result, and tbe first act was over wheu Lfslei's alteutiiiu was called ton group of l-ie ciui.iauy, wtio we e pointing overhead to me gridiron over Ihe stage, ' What's thai liauglnp up there?' asked one. 'Apantomimi property, I suppose, '. replied another, looking up. ' Wonderfully ma le,' said a third. ' Capital fellow, J'iuder; the tiest m' - deller iu Eogland.'' Lester, like the rest, lonke.l up; be tween tlie birderi was a s luielbing that In (be uncerlaiu light Irik-d strangely like a human hotly, aud the eight ot which sent a elrauKe thi ill through Jack Lester's heart, uud ciuaed n to sink within him. 'What are you all sUr-jteing there for?' Tbe object of luterest was pointed out lo him. ' Capital model of a mau,' said tbe first old man. ' It gave me the shakes when I first Raw It.' ' You must bave seen It mouths ago, Iben,' answered tbe low comedian. ' Remarkably like a hanging man,' said the walkiug, gentleman as be planted a glass iu his eye and looked up. ' Not uulike Piuder himself,' added another. ' By Jove,' shouted the manager, who had been steadily looking aloft, 'it is Pinder ! Qiick, tbere, prime ot you, come with me aud help to cut him oowu.' Aud away be rushed, followed hy several of tbe geotlemeu. As tbe rest of tbe compauy gathered together and stood by the prompt en trance in eileut horror, Jack Lester turned deadly white, aud ciuog tn one of the wings for support. Tbe auspeuae was almost insupportable, and wheu, iu a few minutes, tbe word was passed down tbat 11 wa* Piuder, bis heart seemed lo stand still, Ue staggered lo the stage door, bome to his lodgings, locked the door, aud sank luto the chair, ovei eome with an agony of remoise. Iu iuiuginalion be could bear the horror stricken whispers as tbe inert mass was lowered ti the stage, see t'je white face, with tne glassy eyes to rued towards tutu tvf;n au eternal r-pcoacii tn tlletu. Tills, then, wa« llie result of his practical j -k- intc — ,vie was a luurJerer. H-iw ihe time passed lie never knew, hut he was ariiite-d hy a knocking at (he ?liHir. He ion- lueutiaoiuali) , -ip -i)e.t it, and admitted In- iniidUriy, who brought turn fituie tea, aud ioiurmed iiim that it wa- lime to go to llie theatre. Now CiiiiH I tie uecepdty for riflttctiou aud dectseiu. Might tie uoi lie accused ?if the deatu of Piuder? If it were prove 1, ins career would lie ruined lor ever. No oue had eoru Liim cUauge me letters ; no oue could prove bis ageucy in this business. Would it uot be better to bury bis ghastly secret iu his own breast, and put on a bold front? Yes, he would ; aud bracing himself for tlie ordeal,' he boldly walked down lo the theatre. As Jack Lester entered the stage door, be bad nut the courage to ask tbe hail keeper if tbere was more news concern ing tbe tragic occurrence of tlie morning, bnt slunk rattier tbau walked across the dimly- lighted stage In his dressing-runm, which was biluaied al tlie end of a paisagp on the opiHMiie hide. As lie pas-ed under tue spot where the body hail tiuug iu tne moruiug, be tell au almost irrevisiihle Hen ire to torn back, but the knowledge that his absence might raise suspicion gave him courage, and he walked u:i, with a strange feeling that ill lu.'ieliu^nie presence tf« eiwe r behind J ti iu or beside biui. Tiie dim, gbos'-like atmosphere of the uuliglited ttieatre added lo the illusion, aud, with a dreadful sinliiug of the heart, aud a terrible sense nf impending uiUtnr tune lie walked down ihe dark passage, turned the haudle nf bis dressing-.'oom door, entered, aod tbere, beueatn tbe balf-lurued gat-jet tbat but dimly lighted the corner where he usually dressed, he saw the erect form ol Piuder, pointing, witb a ghastly, mocking griu upon bis pale face, to the rope tbat bung round hlB neck. He would bave turned and fled, but horror held him epelllmuud ; be would bave cried out. hut liiH tongue refused Utterance as llie figure advanced towards liim, holding the letter, aud, iuadeep, pppu'chral v. dee, exclaimed : ' Y-iu ouuht lo he well ashamed of yourself lor playiug a trick like Ibis.' '? Not dead!1' gBsped Jack Lester, clinging to tbe baudle of the door, ' Not a bit of it,' answered the ghnat, turniue up the gae, 'I met my wife at tbe plttMou before she started. You played your game without tbe rent of tbe ctiiiiitriiiv. I took them into my confid ence uud bere they are to see who holds truiuos.' At that moment tlie door was pushed open from without, aud a roar of laugh ter s'itnted Jtrk L3ster, that r ing in bis ears f ir mouths after. ' But the body.' ' M 'd« it myself, aud Uuug it myself. Wben you made fuu of my poe.try every body except me was in the joke, and everybody wss iu ibis one except you. Take my advice give up practical jokiDg, ►lr, and if ever you are tempted lo break out again, just you remember that actors are jusi as easily taken In as poets, and take warning hy 'Tbe Property-Master's Ghost.' ' 