THE SOUTH SEAS. By ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON, Author ot "Treasure Island," "Kidnapped,'' " The Strange Story of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Byde," Ac. PART L ' THE MARQUESAS. ' CHAPTBR IV.— DBATH. The thonght of death, I have said, iB upper most in tho mind of the Marquesan. It wonld be strange if it were otherwise. The race is, perhaps, the handsomest extant. Six feet is ahont the middle height of males : they are strongly muscled, free from fat, swift in action, gracetnl in repose; amd the women, though fatter and duller, are still comely animals. To judge by the eye, there is no race more viable, and yet death reaps them with both hands. When Bishop Dordillon first came to Tai-o-hae he reckoned the inhabitants at many thonaanda ; he was but newly dead, and in the same bay Stanisluo Moanatini counted on bis fingers eight residential natives. Or, take the valley of Hapaa, known to readers of Herman Melville under the grotesque mis- spelling of Hapar. There are but two writers who have touched the South Seas with any genius; both Americans — Melville and Charles Warrem Stod dard — and at the christening of the first and greatest some influential fairy must have been neglected. "He shall be able to see," "He shall be able to tell," "He shall be able to charm," said the friendly godmothers, "But ha shall not be able to hear," exclaimed the last. The tribe of Hapaa is said to have nnm'oared some 400, when the smallpox came and rednced them by one-fourth. Six months later a woman developed tnbercular consumption, the disease spread like a fire about the valley and In less than, a year two survivors, a man and a woman, fled from that , new created soli tude. A similar Adam and Eve may some day wither among new races,'. the tragic ..residue. of. Britain. When I firet heard this story the date staggered me, but I am now inclined to think it possible/ Early in ttjo year of my visit, for example, or late the year before, a first case of phthisis appeared in a household of 17 persons, and by the month of August, when the tale was told me, one son! survived, and that was a boy . who had been abaont at his schooling ; and de- populatiou works both ways, the doors of death being set wide open and the door of birth almost closed. Tbua, in the half-year ending July, 1888, there were 12 deaths and but one birth in the district of Hatihcu. Seven or eight more deaths were to be looked for in the ordinary conrae, and M. Ausael, the ob servant gendarme, knew of bat one likely birth. At this rate it is no matter of surprise if the population in that part should have declined in 40 years from 6000 to less than 400, which are, oace more on the authority of M. Ausael, the estimated figures ; and the rate of decline must have even accelerated towards the end. A good way to appreciate the depopulation ie to go by land from Anaho to Hatiheu. The road 19 good travelling, bnt cruelly steep. I do not anywhere remember a more swift sentiment of ascension. We seemed scarce to have passed the deserted heuse which stauds highest in Anaho before we were looking dizzily down upon its roof ; tha Casco well oat ia the bay, and rolling for a wager, shrank visibly ; and presently, through the gap of Tari's isthmus, Ua-hona was seen to hang cloud- like on the horizon. Over the summit, where the wind blew really .chill and whistled iu the reediike grass and tossed the grassy fell of the pandanus, we stepped suddenly, as through a door, into the next vale and bay of Hati heu. A bowl of mountain encloses it npoD three sides. On the fourth this rampart has been bombarded into mine, runs down to sea ward in imminent and shattered crags, and presents the one practicable breach of the blue bay. The interior of this vessel ia crowded with lovely and valuable trees — orange, bread-frnit, mummy-apple, cocoa, the island chestnnt, and forr weeds, the pineapple and ths banana. Four peren nial streams of water keep it green ; and along the dell, first of one then of another of these, the road, for a considerable distance, descends into this fortunate valley. The song of the waters and the familiar disarray of bonlders gave as a sense of home, whicn the exotic foliage, the daft-like growth of the pan- dnnus, the buttressed trunk of the banyan, the black pigs galloping in the bush and the archi tecture of the native houses dissipated ere it could be enjoyed. The bouses on tha Hatiheu side begin high up — higher yet, the more melancholy spectacle of empty paepaes. When a native habitation is deserted, the superstructure — pandanus tbatcb| wattle, unstable tropical timber — speedily rots, and Is speedily scattered by the wind. Only the Btoaes of the terrace endnre ; nor can any rain, cairn, or standing, stone, or vitrified fort present a more stern appearance of antiquity. We mnst have passed from six to eight of these now houseless platforms. On the main road of the island, where it crosses the valley of Taipi, Mr. Ooborne tells me they are to be reckoned by the dozen ; and as the roads have been made long posterior to their erection, perhaps to their desertioo, and must simply be regarded as lines drawn at random through the busb, the forest on cither hand must he equally filled with these survivals — the gravestones of whole families. Such ruins are tapu in the strictest sense ; no native mnst approach them they have become outposts of the kingdom of the grave. It might appear n natural and pions custom ia the hundreds wbo are left, the rear guard of perished thousands, that their feet should leave untrod these hearthstones of their fathers. I believe, in fact, the custom rests on different and more grim conceptions. Bnt the bouse, the grave, and erea the body of the dead, have been always particularly bonoreu dv aiarqueeans. unni recently tua corpse was sometimes kept in the family and daily oiled and sunned until by gradual and revolting stages it dried into a kind of mommy. Offerings are still laid upon the grave. In Traitor's Bay Mr. Oabourne saw a man bay a looking-glass to lay npon his son's. And the sentiment against the desecration of tombs, thonghtlessly milled in the ' laying down of the new roads, is a chief ingredient in the native hatred for tha French. The Marquesan beholds with dismay the ap proaching extinction of his race. The thought of death sits down with him to meat and rises with him from his bed. He lives and breathes nnder a shadow of mortality awful to support, and he is so inured to the apprehension tbathe greets tho reality with relief. He does not even seek to support a disappointment. At an affront at a breach of one of his fleeting and communistic love aiEaira he seeks an instant refuge in the grave. Hanging is now the fashion. I heard of three who had hanged themselves in the west end of Hiva-oa daring the first half of 1888, but though this be a common form of suicide in other parts of the South Seas, I cannot think it will continue popular in the Marquesas. Far more suitable to Marquesan sentiment is the old form ef poisoning with the fruit of the eva, which offers to the native suicide n crnel bnt deliberate death, and gives time for those decencies of the last hoar to which he attaches such remarkable importance. The coffin can thns b at hand, the pigs killed, the cry of the mourners sounding already through the house ; and then it is, and not before, that the Mar quesan is conscious of achievement, his life all rounded in, his robes tlike ' Ccesar's) adjusted for the final act. Praise not asy man till he is dead, said the ancients. Envy not any man till you hear the monrners, might be the Marquesan parody. The coffin, though of late introduction, strangely engages tbeir attention. It is to the mature Marquesan what a watch is to the European schoolboy. For 10 years Queen Vaekehu had dunned the fathers ; at last, but the other day, they let her have her will, gave her hsr coffin, and the woman's soul is at rest. I was told a droll instance of the force of this pre- occapatioo. The Polynesians are subject to a disease seemingly rather of the will than of the body. I was told tho Taliitians have a word for it, erimatua, but cannot find it in my dictionary. A gendarme, M. Nonveau, has seen men begin to succumb to this insubstantial malady, has routed them from their houses, turned them on to do their trick upon the roads, and in two days haa 6eeo them cared. Bnt this other remedy is mote original : A Marquesan dying of thia discouragement— per haps I should rather say this acquiescence— hae been known at the fulfilment of his crown ing wish, on tho mere sight of that desired hermitage, his coffin, to revive, recover shake off the hand of death and be restored for yeare to his occnpations — carving tikis, let ns say, or braiding old men's beards. From all this it may be con ceived how easily they meet death when it ap proaches naturally. I heard one example, grim and picturesque. In the time of the smallpox in Hapaa an old man waa seized with the disease. He had no thonght of recovery, bad his grave dng by a wayside and lived in it for sear a fortnight, eating, drinking and Smoking with the passera-by, talking mostly of hia end, and equally unconcerned for himself and careless of the friends whom he infected. This pronenesa 'to suicide and loose seat in life is not peculiar to the Marqncsan. What ia peculiar ia the widespread depression and acceptance of the national end. Pleasures are neglected, the dance languishes, the songs are forgotten. It is true that some, and perbapa too many of them, are proscribed ; bnt many re main if there were spirit to support or to revive them. At tho last feast of tho Bastille Stanislao Moanatini shed tears when he beheld the inaaimate performance of the dancers. When the people sang for us in Anaho they must apologise for the smallness of their repertory. They were only young folk present, they said, and it was only the old that knew the sengs. Tho whole body of Marquesan poetry and music was being Buffered to die out with a single dispirited generation. Tho full import is apparent only to ono acquainted with other Polynesian races, who knows how the Samoan coins a fresh song for every trifling in cident, or who haa heard Ion Penrynn, for in stance j a band of little stripling maids from eight to 12 to keep uo their minstrelsy for hours upon a stretch, one song following another without panee. Iu like manner tho MarquesaD, never industrious, begins now to cease altogether from prodoction. The exports ot the group decline out of all propertion even with the death rate of the islanders. " The coral waxes, the palm grows and ; man departs," says the Marque sas, and. be folds his hands. And surely this is natnre. Fond as it may appear, we labor and refrain, not for the re wards of any single .life, but with a timid eye upon the lives and memories of our successors ; and where no one is to succeed of bis own family or his own tongue I doubt whether Roths childs would make money or Cato practice virtue. It is natural, also, that a temporary stimulus should sometimes rouse the Marquesan from his lethargy. . Over all the landward shore of Anaho cotton runs like a wild weed ; man or. woman, whoever comes to pick it, may earn a dollar in the day ; yet when we arrived, the traders' Btore house was entirely empty, and before we left it was near full. Bo long as the circuB was there, so long as the Casco was yet anchored in the bay, it behoved everyone to make his visit, and to this end every woman must have a new dress and every man a shirt and trousers. Never before, in Mr. Regler's experience, had they displayed so much activity. In their despondency there is an element of dread.- The fear of ghosts and of the dark is ttivv donrtlv wrilfjtn in ttlA mitld of thO PolV nesian, not least of the Marquesan Poor Taipi, the chief of Anabo, wub- condemned to ride to Hatiheu on a moonless night He borrowed u lantern; sat a long while nerving himself for the adventure, and when he at last departed wrung the Cascos by the hand aa for a final separa tion. Certain presences, called Vehinehae, freqnent aud make terrible tho nocturnal road side; I was told by one they were like so much mist, and as the traveller walked into them dispersed and dissipated. Another de scribed them as being shaped like men and having eyes like cats. From none could I obtain the smallest clearness as to what they did or wherefore they were dreaded. We may be sure at least tbey repre sent the dead, for the dead in the minds of the islanders are all pervasive. " When a native says that he is a man," writes Dr. Codrington, "he means that he is a man and not a ghost, not that ho is a man and. not a beast. The intelligent agents of this world are to bis mind the men who are alive and the ghosts, the men who are dead." Dr. Codrington Bpeaks of Melanesia ; his words are equally true of the Polynesia. And yet more : Among cannibal Polynesians . a dreadful sus picion rests generally on the dead ; and the Marqncsans, the greatest- cannibals of all, are scarcely likely to be free from similar beliefs. I hazard the guess that the Vehinebae are the hungry spirits of the dead, continuing their ltfe'e business of the cannibal ambuscade, and lying everywhere, unseen and eager, to devour the living. Another superstition I picked np through the troubled medium of Tarl Coffin's English. The dead, he told me, came and danced by night around tha paepao of their former family. . The family were thereupon overcome by some emotion (bnt whether of pious sorrow or of fear I could not gather), and mnst "make a feast," of which fish, pig and popoi were indispensable ingredients. So far this is clear enough. But, here Tari went on to instance the new house of Toma and the house-warming feast which was just then in preparation ns instances in point. Dare we indeed string them together and add the case of the deserted rain, as though the dead continually besieged the paepaes of the living, were kept at arm's length, even from the first foundation, only by pro pitiatory feasts, and so soon as the fire of life went oat upon the hearth swarmed back into possession of their ancient seat ? I apeak by gueis of these Marquesan superstitions. On the cannibal ghost I shall return elsewhere with certainty ; and it is enough for the present purpose to remark that the men of the Marquesas, from whatever reason, fear and shrink from the presence of ghosts. Conceive how this moss tell upon the nerve in islands where the namuei ui iwe uuau uireuujr ou iur e-Aueeua tuau of the living, and the dead mnltiply and the living dwindle at so swift a rate. Conceive how the remnant hndales about the embers of the fire of life ; even as old Red Indians, de serted on the march and in the snow, the kindly tribe all gone, the last flame expiring, and the night around populous with wolves. 