NEWS AND NOTES. ADVERTISEMENTS relating to entertainments will in future be found on the first page of this paper. MR. JOHN HURST notifies in our advertising columns that he is a candidate for the repre- sentation of the East Ward in the City Council. He will shortly address the elec- tors on municipal topics. In another column will be found a second instalment of a story "How the curse came" from the pen of a talented West Australian lady, who has previously contributed to the pages of this journal. THE friends of Mr. Clifton, the Under-Secre- tary for Lands, and who for the past three weeks has been suffering from a severe attack of influenza, will be glad to learn that he has sufficiently recovered to be able to return to his departmental work. The racing in connection with the second day of the V.R.C. Spring Meeting takes place to-day at Flemington. The results, including the Melbourne Cap, which is run at 4 o'clock, will be posted outside the WEST AUSTRALIAN office as soon as the telegrams arrive from Melbourne. A meeting of the West Australian Natural History Society was held last night, at which Mr. B. H. Woodward read an interesting paper on coal. A report of the proceedings appears elsewhere. At the next meeting of the Society the Government Geologist will read a paper on gold. WE have received from Mr. Eliot, the Under Treasurer, the revenue returns for the month of October. The total revenue for the month of October this year was £44,839 14s. 2d., as compared with £25,741 19s. 3d. for the cor- responding month of last year, showing an increase £19,097 14s. 11d. for Ootober,1891, as compared with October, 1890. The total revenue for the ten months is £408,641. THE Waxworks attracted another crowded attendance both in the afternoon and evening and the Egyptian Mystery or "Devil Boy" created another surprise for the visitors. Mdme. Lingard gave some excellent musical and vocal selections. Zingara also found great favour among these who wished to know something of their future. The last two days in Perth are announced, and the exhibition will open in Fremantle during this week. In our mining columns we publish an account of an interview which our Geraldton corres- pondent has had with Mr. R. R. Cruickshank, a South Australian mining expert, who was sent to the colony to report on Messrs. Con- nolly and Robertson's areas on the Murchison goldfield. A reference to the interview will show the very high opinion which Mr. Cruickshank entertains of the Murchison field. MR. H. R. DIXON asks us to make a correc- tion in his letter on the tariff question, ap- pearing in our columns yesterday. ln the last part of the first paragraph, relating to the leather trade, he described "Mr. R. Smith and Messrs. Brown & Allen as nomi- nally members of the Chamber of Commerce." As the context shows, it was the Chamber of Manufactures and not the Chamber of Com- merce to which Mr. Dixson was referring. A COMMITTEE meeting of the York Hunt Club was held on the 26th nlt., the Master (Dr. O'Meehan) occupying the chair. Cheques were paid to the various winners at the recent race meeting, amounting to some- thing like £130. It was stated that the result of the recent race meeting bad proved satisfactory, the receipts being close upon £150. It was decided to limit the number of hounds to ten couple, and it was resolved that any above that number should be at once destroyed. DR. ROBERTSON writes to us:— "Before leaving will you allow me, through the medium of your columns, to express my sin- cere appreciation of the extended and unani- mous kindness and hospitality which I have been the recipient of during my brief visit to your colony. I assure yon that I take away with me most pleasant memories of Western Australia and its colonists, and also a satis- factory assurance that the day is very near when the recourses, which are now attracting the attention of the people of the other colonies, will be vigorously and judiciously developed. May this great country and its people flourish." AT the Fremantle Police Court, yesterday, before Mr. R. Fairbairn, R.M., H. Ohlsen, W. Wilson, and T. Waylen, were again charged with refusing duty on board the schooner Charles and Arthur. This case had been adjourned from the previous day, in order to enable the parties to arrive at an understand- ing with reference to the loading of the vessel, that being the chief cause of com- plaint on the part of the defendant's. The case was dismissed with costs, the Bench holding that the men were justified, from the excessive leading of the schooner, and her consequent dangerous leakage, in refusing to proceed on the voyage to Port Adelaide. THE Royal Agricultural Show to-day and to-morrow bids fair to be one of the most successful yet held on the Society's ground, and as there is every appearance of pleasant weather, all who can do so, should be well repaid for the time spent in visiting Guild- ford. Since hist year important improve- ments have been effected on the ground, and the Committee have exerted themselves to provide an enjoyable variety of attractions. Owing to regrets being expressed in several quarters at there being no prize for carriage pairs, the President informs us that a prize will be given on Wednesday for the best carriage pair, to be driven on the ground. The Society's annual dinner will be held on the evening of Wednesday, at the Guildford Hotel. His Excellency the Administrator has been invited to attend, and some of the Ministers will also be present. The usual late Wednesday train will bring the guests to Perth, and if inducement offers, the train will go on to Fremantle. Full particulars of the train service for to-day and to-morrow are published in our advertising columns. IT is reported (says the Melbourne Leader) that the loco weed has found its way to Australia and America. The loco weed is to vegetation what the rattle-snake is to animal life. The name comes from the Spanish, and signifies insanity. It is a dusky green, and grows in small bunches or handfulls, and scatters itself in a sparse and meagre way about the country. It is a sort of vegetable nomad and travels about not a little. Locali- ties where it this season flourishes in abun- dance may not see any of it next year, nor indeed for a number of years to come. The prime property of the loco is to produce in- sanity in men and animals who partake of it. Animals—mules, horses, sheep, and cattle— avoid it naturally, and under ordinary cir- cumstances never touch it. But in the winter, when an inch or two of snow has covered the green grasses, these green bunches of loco standing clear above the snow are tempting baits to animals. Even then it is not common for them to eat it. Still some do, and it at once creates an appetite in the victim similar in its intense force to the alcohol habit in mankind. Once started on the downward path of loco, a mule will abandon all other kinds of feed and look for it. In a short time its effects become per- fectly apparent. Yon will see a locoed mule standing out in the shadowless plains, with not a living, moving thing in his viginity. His head is drooping and his eyes half closed. On the instant be will kick and thrust out his heels in the most warlike way. Under the influence of loco he sees himself surrounded by multitudes of threatening ghosts, and is repelling them. The mind of the animal is completely gone. He cannot be driven or worked because of this utter lack of reason. S. W. Copley will be at his office, W.A.T.C. Cigar Divan, to pay and receive all wagers over V.T.C. Derby and Melbourne Cup, on Thursday from 2 p.m. to 9 p.m. Mr. W. A. Laker, of Hay-street, announces in our advertising columns that he has pur- chased the rubber stamp manufacturing busi- ness lately conducted by Mr. Muller, and is prepared to execute all work in connection therewith at reasonable rates. Mr. Laker also notifies that this will not interfere with his present business, which will be carried on as usual. To the Settlers and Public of Western Aus- tralia :—T. L. Cottrell respectfully invites the above to inspect his exhibits of Carriages and Buggies at the Guildford Snow. T.L.C. is only showing ordered work and his ordinary stock, as owing to building a coach factory worthy of West Australia he has had no time, owing to being his own builder, to get up show stock. But having secured the services of a first-class coach trimmer from Melbourne, and having first-class men in the other branches of the trade, you will be able to see good work. All the fore carriages and head work done at my factory — not imported from England, America and the other colonies. N. B.—Coach trimming and painting, a speciality. 