BACKWARD AND rCRWARD. j 1 Soorl in Great Britain ?nd j £ j:\\-ve I i News of some CMri fr.- -ot- i Met at he Derby era Grand I — Prix -Riavir „u >ut '" [?] . ; V;-' the p : r : I - » :r Vi : ' .«, ---» . _ J;.V. Or ...ro- Mil r-.r p..L aiaiy. " I met two or three Australians at Chester, Dick Sotom.oq? among the number. He was backing horevs. 1 looks kangaroo borne with me and bad bim dressed up as tbe Australian Boob maker: but tbe beggar attracted so roucb attention that they stopped bim at other places. Tbe only coorees they would stand bim at were Chester, Epsom, and Hamilton Park. "Just a special word about the latter It is situated about ten miles outside Glasgow on the Duke of Hamilton's estate. Tbe course is managed by a committee. There is a straight of a mile and a half running right down to the bottom of the park from tbe house. Without doubt, the course will be one of the fine&t; in Great Britain, and tbe only one at all approaching Flemington that I have seen. Its principal drawback is its distance from Newmarket, and consequent extra expense to trainers and owners. At home it costs £3 3s. to have a horse trained well, and when you remember that Hamilton is 400 miles from Newmarket you will easily ree what tbe total expense of landing a horse on that course mu6t be. At present the majority of the horses engaged are trained at Pcnritb on the coast. " The next fixture was the Manchester Cup, in Whit week. There were 130,000 people there. Tbe betting was very lively, and yet I neither heard nor read in the papers of a single case of welEbing. There , are no officials, as at Flemington, hunting about to find offenders. There is a poste of police, who have strict instructions not to allow any man either to carry a bag with his name on it or to bet in any kind of costume. Each fielder must do bis betting in ordinary citizen's attire. Kor is there any betting for cash, allowed. I don't say it does not take place ; but it is not recognised. To guard against welsbing two or three plain-clothes men and a couple of experienced detectives keep the fielders under close surveillance. Everything was quiet and orderly. There is moreHistnrtamcetnhalf at hnnrat Epsom and Doncaster, than you would bear at Manchester during an entire meeting. I saw Joe and Barney Thompson there. The iormer, who by the bye has aged greatly, 6aid that during tbe year he had been doing very fairly. A cablegram has been received in Melbourne stating that Joe won £15,000 over the Czarewitch. — Am En. &. " The Derby was tbe next meeting. There has not been such & tremendous failure seen since Hermit won the race in a snowstorm as was witnessed this year. It was a miser able, wretched day, with the rain pouring down. You can get some idea of the state of things when tbe cabmen were charging a couple of sovereigns to drive people from tbe grand stand to the town, a distance of about a mile and a half. "The day after the Derby I went to Paris, and on the following Sunday saw tbe Grand Steeplechase of PariE run. This was one of the finest races I ever saw. For tbe first mile and a half there were not three lengths between three of the horses. Saida, tbe winner, had been in pickle for twelve months. It was a beautiful day, and the course pre sented a grand eight. The throngs of richly dressed ladies were Each as you could see in no other part of the world. "On the succeeding Sunday the Grand Prix was won by Clamart. This was another good race. Clamart, Reverend, and Gouver- neur were in fhc same Etable. The English contingent lost a lot cf money on the latter, for they would stand nothing but Gouveroeur. But the Clamart win was worked very' cleverly. Australia, you see, is not tbe only country where the stable suits itself. " In Taris I met Jack Lewis, who went to England as Frank Slavin's manager. Jack showed me several letters Jrom sportiug noblemen in England, in which it was mentioned that the Champion had not treated Lewis altogether well. But Jack blamed Charley Mitchell as the cause of this. Tbe former, however, bad some influential friends in London, one of whom, a well- known, wealthy brewer, had promised to put bim in a good hotel. No ; he will not coine back to Melbourne, be can do well enough where be is. " I called at Chelverton-road twice, to see Slavin, but each time without success. Once be was on bis vay to America with Charley Mitchell ; and the next time he was not in. 1 had a chat with Mrs. Slavin, and a nice tittle lady she is. "From what I heard among the sporting men the impression was that Slavin intended to buy a couple of racehorses, and turn book maker. My idea is that he had better leave it alone. " His connection with Mitchell too is not likely to do bim much good. The opinion of ninety-nine men in every hundred is that Mitchell got tbe lion's share of the 4bnnoe4 of tbe American trip ; further, that all he cared about Slavin was for what be could make out of bim. " During the three months I was connected with sporting men in England, this time, tbev talked about nothing else bnt Slavin. ' ' Sullivan you would hear them exclaim, : 4 Why, he wouldn't have a ghost of .a show with the big Australian ! Sl&vin;'-s the cham pion of the world if there ever was one.' There is no sum Sullivan could mention that Slavin could not be backed for in England. Tbe two things Englishmen want to see is a match between Slavin and Sullivan, and Carbine and Amphion — the latter for any distance, weight for age. " But the idea is that while Slavin and Mitchell are connected tbe latter will not allow any real fighting to take place. It will have to be all exhibition sparring, as baviog more money in it. " In tbe middle-weight class, Pritobard is ( considered the best man of bis inches sincp the days of Tom Sayers. I am bottj to say that both Pritchard and Goode got into some trouble over a row. " I saw Jack Burke, who does not appear to be doing very well, and Harry Downie. The latter name to Manchester to fight Hanlon, but it was stated bad not behaved as well as he should have done to his backers — so b&dJy;, in fact, that it was thought be would have to leave Ediobnrgh. 41 Some of the sporting men of Dublin made many enquiries about A&stralia.; John James, the big cash bettor of Dublin, and proprietor of the City Clnb there, will, in all probability, pay the Colonies a visit next year. 44 When in. London, if you wint to come across Australians, start from the Golden Cross Hotel opposite Charing Cross, cross Tntdgar Square, and through the Hay- market, and you axe at once among the Mnsic Hails— the Empire, the Pavilion and the Alhambra. All round here is where you vnll find Australians and Americans. ' " -oonAS hough \- p eather .. f own I 