The Cab-Driver's Story. By Mary Kyle Dallas. We all have our ups and downs, I suppose, I have had, I know. Once I had not had a fare all day, nor, for tho matter of that, the day before, Perhaps, having grown a little seedy, people picked out a sprucer cabman. Anyhow, there I sat, disconsolate and wretehed upon my cab floor, with my foot dangling out, not caring how soon the end of the world came, for, besides my low spirits, it was a drizzly, chilly, uncomfort- able evening, when I saw a figure inside the park that put me in mind of old times, and took me back to the country place where I was brought up, as a picture of it might. There was a girl there then called Lizzie Murray-a beauty, people said, with eyes as black as jot., hair just one mass of ripples, and a cheek like a peach-a girl who was said to have the finest bust and smallest waist and foot of any girl about-a girl tho i fellowB fell in lovo with in tho most sur prising way, I liked her myself, and sho might have done what Bhe choso with me, and men richer than I would have been glad to marry her. But sho thought of sov.)ol.hing higher thftn being a working man's wife ; and when at last n fashionable young fellow, who had come down to tho hotel with other fashion able people, began to cast aJmiring looks upon ber, she fancied I suppose, there was no need of being civil to common folks any longer, so Bhe just cut us all, and for a while some thought that young Benton really was going to marry her. He followed her wherever she went. He gave her Bplcndid presents, and ho seemed to worship the very ground Bhe trod upon, Ho kept it up all summer long, and when ha went ftway she told her friends that ho was coming back at Christmas time to marry lier, She believed it when 8ho eaid It, and no iJoubtbetold her boj but be never, came near her again, Sbe bad been very proud,o! the match she was going to make, and very fond of him, and-she was terribly crushed down by his desertion. Aftor a while people began to whisper and talk about her, tooraml pretty soon the | women of the place would have nothiwr to I do with her. Bho lived with, her brother and hia wife in a little white-framed^ house in the villagq, and a good many people will remember tho day they saw her leave that liousc- turned out of it in ehame and dis grace-going with her baby in her arms to | wards the road that led to the oity, They had been aa hard with her at home as others 1 were, and her siater-in.law would never hear her name again. And no one knew what had becomo of her. Now that, figuro in tho park, sitting on a bench in all tho rain, in ita tawdry finery, with that, strange look about it you can't de scribe, but which you never see in good women, put me in mind of Lizzie Murray, Tt was coaTRor and heavior, and it was not a young girl's figifre, but for all that, it looked iike her, nnd it looked too, like a woaan who hnd seen terrible hardships, and maybe, had no home to go to, I sat wondering whether it was all fancy or whether Lizzie Murray bad really come to this and yet looking out for fares all the while, and hailing every man and woman who went paat with '' Have a ride, sir?" or " Have a ride, ma'am?" v/hen I saw coming across tho park, with a portmanteau in his hand, a fine-looking gentleman, who looked nsif ho had just come off a journey. Ho looked like a fare to mo. You get to know 'cm at sight, and I got up and hold tho door open, waiting for him, It was raining sharply, and mine was the only cab on the stand, and I saw him hurry when he felt the drops. But just then the woman on the bench sprang up and caught him by tho arm. I saw her faco then, and felt sure it was Lizzie Murray, and when he turned It (lashed into my mind in n moment that if ho had lived so long, that Mr. Benton, who had wronged her so, would ha?o looked like this, 1 saw that ho was nervous about thomeet* trip, and that nB bo broke away aba followed him ; and when, almost without a word, he stepped into my cab, alio camo close and would have spoken to him again, but ho cricd out in an irritated voice : " If you bftvo anything to say, step in. Don't attract the attention of everybody in tbo street. Wc can talk as we rido," And Eho stepped in, The look on hor face as sbo did so made mc think that whether she were Lizzie Murray or not, abe was a very dangerous person. " Where to?" I asked, and be seemed to nsk a question. "To No. - --street, for this -» this lady," ho said, " Aiterwarda to No,--' Madison Avenue,forme," Then bo said hawhly, fori hetwl him plninly : " Oome, say your say out I You; haven't long to say itSn, "What do yoivwant? money ?" ' ' I heard her laugb, and then I drovo on, and tho rattling of tho wheels kept tbo voices from my ear, except now and then when thoy were raised n little, Night was coming on fast, and by the time I reached tbo Btreet ho had men tioned, it was quito tlark and the rain pour ing. I was wondering how the numbers ran, and bad not found the right one yet, when I hoard tbo woman calling me to stop, and when I did so, saw her jump out at once and abut the door behind her. The gentleman never stirred ; but I did not wonder at thatbe was not likely to be very polite to such a poor eieaturo. j " Is this the number?" I said, " No," she answered. " It's far enough ! for mo though. Tlio gentleman wants to go on to Madison Avenue." Then I saw her by the lichfc of the street lamps, ns I turned my horse, walk away in nn odd, hurried manner, her draggled dress dipping in tbo pools of water on the pave ment., br.r poor bonnet half oil her bead, and all her handsome hair dropped down her back, as if the combs or pins had fallen out. '. It's poor Lizzie Murray, certain,"! said, and drove towardu Madiaon Avenue, I folt oddly enough to think who had rid den in my cab, and that neiiher o£ them knew me. It waa anything but a pleasant feeling I had to my passenger, thinking as I did how he had brought Lizzie to be the poor creature she was, and remembering her such r. pretty, light hearted girl; and whon I came to the nnmbcr I folt so mortified that it wo3 hardly in a civil voica that I called : " Here you nre, air 1" and waited for him to got out of the cab, But ho didn't stir. So, after calling again, I jumped from the box and opened the door. My fare waa lying ngainat tho opposite window, 09 I thought, sound nsleop, .'Hello, air I" I called. '' We're at No.->" IIu never moved, I couldn't RCQ his face, but I put out my hand to shako him awake, and felt him so cold and still that I was frightened. W'bnn I lifted him up ho fell baolt heavily upon the sent, and I felt Bure something waa tho matter Viith him. It waa a bad position for mo. 1 thought for a moment, what 1 should do, and then ran up the steps of the great house opposite me and rang tho bell. A servant opened it, and a child came run ning out calling "Papa." That took my breath away, and the awcet lady's face be hind in the ball, " This is No.- ?" I said, " Yea," said tho man. " A gentleman told me to drive him here. Ilo'a in tho cab-ill, I'm afraid," I said. And I saw the lady turn pale. " It is not my husband, air, Benton?"ahe cried, And I said : "If Mr. Benton is your lni9band, ma'am, I'm afraid it is." Then tho servant came down to tho cab with mo. My faro was lying where I had left him, his head against ti e side of the cab. We lifted him out and took him up the marble stepa into the great house, Tho lady shrieked and the child cried; ho nover stirred, Thero was blood all over his vest, and when wo unbuttoned it we found that sonn sharp, email kind of weapon had been plunged into hia heart. - It must have killed him at once, the doctors said, I think so, too, for I huird no cry, _I had togive myi v Vrico, of oourao ; but it wns not worth as much as ft bit of paper the policeman found in the cab-a leaf of one of those tracts the street .missionaries givo to folks who will take them i a queer thing to write suob words on a,s» wore writ, ten there with (i pencil, These were the words; "I have killed the man who ruined me. Ten years ago he blighted ray life. I've fol lowed him to end hia, wherever I met him, all that timo. This is myflrst chance, I was cv good girl when he camo between me and heaven; His fate be on his own hiad. "LIZZIE MuimAY." ' It did not tell mo more than I knew be fore ; but I kept all Bhut to myself, and was glad they did not find the wretched wonian until one day a body was washed ashore from the East River, and eotrfS who knew the face said it was that of Lizzie Murray, I drive my cab still,-And I've had better luck of late, and am well off enough not to sit brooding often as I did that evening. But I nevor drive it in the evening but that story comes back to me, and I feel glad when I see my fares get out alive and well, or if it is orapty and I am driving back, now and then I'll feel ray blood ourdle and be balf afraid to look behind me; for if the ghost stories they tell were true, who knows but the spirits of the two I had for passengers once might come back to take a horrible ride there, as bad spirits are said to come some times* 