CONVICT DAYS IN VAN DIEMAN'S. LAND. TRUE CHRONICLES. All RIGHTS RESERVED No. 8. "SMUGGLERS CAVE" The two men were greatly excited, and Chapman nearly dropped into the water in- stead of the boat. As they sat for a few moments listening, they could hear the murmur of voices, but could not see the speakers. Then all was silent for several minutes, and the two watchers began to feel apprehensive that they had lost those they were pursuing. It was a strange scene. The rocking boat, with the two eager men, floating under the frowning cliffs of the ghost- haunted isle; the voices, which they knew were human, but whose possessors were as invisible as though they were the fabled cap of darkness; the swelling sea with its myriads of phosphorescent gleams, and the deathly silence broken now and again by the boom of the sea in one of the blowholes, sounding like the anguished moan of a lost spirit, was terribly impress- sive. Becoming impatient, the officer and his companion pulled round the rocks, but they had not proceeded a hundred yards, when Chapman, looking back, gave a cry of surprise which attracted his comrade's atten- tion. Glancing in the same direction, the young man distinctly saw a boat making away from the spot they had waited at, under the overhanging ledge of rock. The skiff was cutting through the water at a rapid rate, and making for the open sea. "They have given us the slip, and are going back to Hobart Town, I suppose," spoke Trench. "I am too tired to follow them, and I suggest we go to the gaol." " Yes, that is the best we can do. I will see Mr. Eyre, and get further instructions. I will ask his authority to arrest Penfold on the charge of being an escaped convict. If we don't take decisive measures we will lose him altogether," replied Chapman It was daylight when they reached Port Arthur prison, and as soon as possible they saw the superintendent and gave him an account of Penfold's movements and his midnight visit to the isle. " Go back to town, Chapman, and I will give you a letter to the chief of police, asking him to arrest Penfold on the charge of being an escaped convict. Meanwhile, I will take a boat party to where you followed him last night, and we will search for the hiding place he must have there," Eyre answered. An hour afterwards the superintendent, with Trench and several other men in two small boats, were pulling towards the islet. The lieutenant had no difficulty in showing the exact place they had heard the sound of voices, and in also pointing out where the gleam of light had shone, as Chapman had placed a mark near it. Eyre himself clambered on the ledge of rock, and soon reached the small crevice in the rock. He could see nothing, but on dropping a stone down it a hollow sound answered back, which showed that it did not lead directly into the water. Returning to the boat, he instructed both crews to make the most exhaustive search among the blow- holes and crevices which abounded. They spent nearly an hour at the work without success, when the practised eye of the super- intendent caught sight of a large stone, which partly blocked up the end of a deep gullet in the face of the cliff. The stone seemed to have something artificial about it. Where it joined on the main body the juncture was quite apparent, instead of being covered with marine incrustations. The channel of the gullet was wide enough to permit the entrance of a fairly sized boat, while it was of unknown depth. Ordering the crew to pull into it, he critically examined the rock, and was quite convinced it had recently been removed. With an effort he tried to stir it, but it re- remained firm. He was pressing against it from the top at first, but gradually he tried it from other points and he had scarcely touched the right hand side when it swung back as easily almost as a door, revealing the continuation of the channel. An after ex- amination showed that the stone really worked on a rough pivot artifically contrived, and that very great labor must have been in- volved in the task of fitting it. Feeling now that they were on the eve of a discovery of the island mystery, the party waited impatiently until the second boat had been dispatched to the gaol for lights, which had not been brought. These were soon got, and with them the party essayed the task of exploring the ocean cave. It turned to the west a few yards inside the stone, and pro- ceeded for about fifty feet, getting broader and higher as they advanced. Suddenly it ended in a magnificent rock-chamber, where the water ran out on a tiny sandy beach. Much surprised, the party stepped out and found the floor sloped upwards until it was fifteen feet above sea level, and then it branched off in numerous small chambers or passages. In most of these the sign of human habitation were everywhere visible. One of the best, which was the bedroom of the cave occupant, was comfortably furnished and in another a large number of casks were, stored. The superintendent examined these, and to his astonishment found them to con- tain rum, gin, brandy, and whiskey, whilst several cases of tobacco were also in the cavern. Evidently smuggling was being carried on, but by whom or how managed was a mystery to him. The occupant (for only one bed could be found) was evidently fond of reading, and must surely be extremely vain, as quite a number of looking-glasses of all shapes and sizes were found, and the books and papers were numerous for these times. After a rigid search, and finding nothing more of consequence, the superintendent de- cided to leave Lieutenant Trench in charge of the cave with three soldiers, and he gave most emphatic orders that the contraband articles should not be touched. After calling in the second boat he departed, leaving the first in the cavern in case Trench should require it. That evening, after send- ing word to the Hobart Town authorities, he decided to pay a second visit to the cavern and take provisions for its little garri- son. When he reached the great chamber the boat was still moored there, but no response was given to his repeated signals. "By heaven," he exclaimed, "if these fellows have broached the spirits I will make an example of them." Jumping out, he walked up the slope of the first chamber, and ahead of him the place was in darkness, and, irritated at what he conceived was gross neglect on the part of the guard, he walked quickly in the direction of the storeroom. He was nearing it, when in the gloom he stumbled against something and almost fell. The lights coming up he saw it was the prostrate body of one of the men, and one look was sufficient to show that he was not sleeping but dead. Startled at this discovery, the men at once searched farther, and at the door of the spirit room they found the dead body of Lieutenant Trench. The mystery was soon explained, for lying in a drunken sleep, with a broached keg of whiskey beside them, were the remain- ing two soldiers, Flynn and Ormond. It subsequently transpired that after Eyre's party left the soldiers decided to have some of the spirits, and asked the young officer's permission, which he peremptorily refused. They were determined to have it, and told him so ; but he threatened to shoot the first man that tried to enter the spirit cavern. Placing himself at the door to carry out his threat, he did not think the men would proceed to extremes, but they did. The three were making a rush at him, when he fired and killed one (Butler), but the next moment he himself fell dead, shot by the remaining two. These men got at the drink, and though they meant to take the boat and escape, they became overpowered by the potent spirits, and were found as described. They were afterwards hanged at Hobart Town. Superintendent Eyre was much grieved over the tragedy that had occurred in the cave, not only for the loss of a promising young officer, but also because he had now only one witness to the visit of Greeves and Penfold to the islet, and, without doubt, to the cavern. Three days afterwards he received intel- ligence that Penfold had been found as a stowaway on board the Argus, and, under circumstances which left no doubt that one of the officers or men had connived at his at- tempted free passage. Chapman strongly urged the authorities to arrest Greeves, but as there was no direct charge against him, they refused to do so. The efforts of the Super- intendent and his men against Penfold would most probably not have secured a conviction against him either, had it not been for an accidental discovery, which cleared up more than one mystery. The attempt to connect Penfold with the escaped convict of six years previously broke down utterly. In the first place, he insisted that his name was Tregurtha, and the man who heard him called Penfold was dead, and in appearance he did not resemble the missing felon. As showing a weak point in the convict management, the description of "No. 1289" had been given in 1811, nearly twenty- four years previously, and it certainly did not correspond with the old grey-headed Tregurtha; yet he was kept under arrest while enquiries were made, regarding the contraband spirits and tobacco found in the cavern. Chapman took a leading part in the in- vestigation, but the more he enquired, the more puzzled he became. He could not in any way connect Tregurtha with the affair. He found that his prisoner had owned a comfortable farm at New Norfolk some three years previously, when he had sold it for a considerable amount, and it was by merest accident he stumbled on the truth. In the eastern end of Hobart Town was a hotel, of bad repute, called the " Live and Let Live Inn." It was the resort of very questionable characters, but its owner was understood to be rapidly amassing a fortune, so that the business must have been lucura- tive. Chapman was passing this public-house one afternoon, when he saw Officer Greeves coming out of it. He was surprised at this, as the place was not resorted to by "officers and gentlemen." With the instinct of the born detective he scented a discovery, and crossing the road, he carelessly strolled into the hotel. The bar was filled with rough- looking fellows, and as Chapman called for his drink he critically surveyed first the occupants and then the appurtenances of the bar. There was a number of bottles around, but most of the drink was being served out of small casks, which stood on a small bench. These fixed the detective's eyes, and he began to wonder where he had seen similar ones. His memory was soon refreshed. It was in the fatal cavern of Deadman's Isle. His interest, which was at first suddenly aroused by this discovery soon abated, as he reflected that there were probably thousands of casks similar to those in the cave. Yet, as he thought, it again occurred to him that smuggling would not be carried on unless there was a market for the contraband articles, and the only market thereabouts was Hobart Town. The truth flashed on him. The midnight visit to the cave was for the purpose of obtaining a supply for sale in the town. This decided him, and he went to the chief of police and acquainted him with his suspicions. Specimens of the articles found in the cave were in that func- tionary's office, and he decided to send a polite message to Duncan McLeod, owner of the Live and Let Live Hotel, that he wished to see him. That person was considerably troubled when he got the message, for he thought he was about to receive a warning about the character of his house ; but as he dared not disobey it, he was soon in the presence of the chief and Chapman. The officer came down on him like a thunderbolt. " I want the name of the party or parties from whom you buy your smuggled drink and tobacco?" was his abrupt question. McLeod turned a sickly green, and seemed too embarrassed to answer. "Let me tell you, McLeod, that if you are wise you will answer. If yon do so you will not be punished, but if not you will be ar- rested as an accomplice of the smugglers. Look here," he went on, lifting up a curtain and revealing the articles taken from the cave, " we already have made the seizure, and have our hand on the man, but he says you are the principal, and gave us informa- tion that induced me to send a man to your hotel, where he saw the smuggled drink in the kegs. We don't believe that you are the principal." " Why, the hound," burst out McLeod, " I never smuggled a drop; I only bought it from him, and gave him a good price, too. I can prove I never did, and there is some officer from the Argus mixed up in it, as he visited the house today, and asked for the money I owe Tregurtha. He told me enough to make me give it to him." "How long have you been getting the liquor from Tregurtha ?" asked Chapman. " More than four years." That evening Second-officer Greeves was considerably astonished at being arrested on a charge of defrauding His Majesty's revenue, and gradually the whole strange story leaked out as evidence was accumulated. The de- tails of the trial would not be very interest- ing, so that a short sketch will be more ac- ceptable. It appeared that Greeves was formerly a seaman with Penfold, under Captain Tre- mayne, when the latter was sentenced to life transportation for the attempted mutiny. He gradually worked himself up in his pro- fession until in 1827 he was third officer on board the Argus. This vessel was sent to Hobart Town, and, finding his old mate and warm friend Penfold was still alive in the Hobart Town prison, he decided to release him if possible. The smuggling spirit was strong in him, and he had on board a quantity of contra- band liquor. McLeod was a turnkey in the gaol, and by judicious bribery , he effected Penfold's escape. Two days previously Greeves, with a party of pleasure-seekers, had been on a visit to Deadman's Island, and Greeves, noticing the cavern, which did not then have the pivot stone in front, de- cided it would be a good hiding place for the convict. Buying a small boat, he brought Penfold to it, and on exploration the cavern was found to be a good retreat. Here the smuggled drink was brought, and Greeves kept up a supply of it to his accomplice on Deadman's Isle, who, in disguise, disposed of it in Hobart Town, and the two were rapidly making a fortune. Penfold had studied optics, and by the means of glasses he was able to produce the ghost on the cliff in order to frighten off intruders, but it had the effect of leading to his capture. The trial resulted in Greeves receiving five years imprisonment, and Penfold being sent back to his life servitude. A year later these two men finally escaped under extraordinary circumstances, which will be detailed in a future Chronicle. The history of these two men proves that natural brain-power and force of character will assert themselves, no matter in what difficult circumstances they may be placed. Here was Penfold—a chained and well- guarded felon—who found means on two successive occasions to escape the vigilance of his guards, and finally escape altogether; although it may well be understood that he was much more carefully watched after his re-capture than he was before. And then there was Greeves, a man of no education, who had worked himself up from the lowest rung of the seafaring ladder, and had attained a position of responsibility, and who finally contrived to escape with his friend, in spite of almost insuperable diffi- culties. ———————— "Chained to a Rock" will be the name of next week's Convict Chronicle. It will prove one of the most thrilling of the series, and show what terrible hardships a human being can undergo and still live; .and,stranger still, desire to live. 