THE SYDNEY MORNING HERALD. MONDAY, JANUARY 5, 1891. At midnight on Friday the Fifth Avenue Theatre and Hermann's Theatre, New York, were completely gutted by fire.The total damage is estimate at 500,000 dol. A Postal Congress is to be held at Vienna on May 20 and the Austrian Government has re- quested the Australasian colonies and Fiji to appoint delegates. Germany desires an exchange of direct mails and postcards with Australia by the British mail steamers. In the opinion of the British Postmaster-General it would be better to arrange the matter after the Postal Congress at Vienna. England has taken a firm attitude in the Behring Sea fisheries dispute,the British Minister at Washington officially informing the American Secretary of State that England will take imme- diate action in forcibly resisting any seizure of British vessels outside the three-mile limit of the Behring Sea fishing grounds. A new warship, the H M.S. Blonde, is to be despatched from England for service on the Australian station. The ship belongs to a new type and is armed with the latest pattern of heavy guns. Speaking of the probable division of the colony of Queensland, Westgarth's Circular considers that it would be best to continue existing loan arrange- ments each division of the colony contributing its proportion of interest and repayment. During the progress of a church bazaar at Leeds,the light dresses of 11 children who were acting caught fire and five of the sufferers have died from the severe injuries received. A Number of priceless works of art have been destroyed owing to a fire at the country seat of the Earl of Portsmouth, in Hampshire. It is stated that an immense riverside strike of all trades was prevented from taking place in England on January 1 by the strength of the Ship- ping Federation. Owing to the labour demands vessels represent- ing in the aggregate 100,000 tons have been laid up in England. Victoria has a third time defeated the South Australian baseball team and has thus gained the baseball championship of Australia. In connection with the railway strike in Scot- land the Caledonian Railway Company is still 1000 men short of its usual number. The Mount Grey Gold mining Company of New South Wales has been registered in London with a capital of £60,000. According to the Portuguese press, a definate treaty with Great Britain, in regard to South-East Africa, is on the point of conclusion. A conversion loan of about £34,750 000, bearing interest at 8 per cent, will be issued in Paris on the 10th instant. At Broken Hill, two people were wounded on Saturday through the accidental discharge of a revolver. The Chancellor of the Exchequer promises to see to the carrying out of the bill relating to the in- vestment of trust funds in colonial securities. Owing to their refusal to work overtime, 300 clerks in the London Post Offloe Savings Banks have been suspended. Fifteen minors have been killed and 30 en- tombed by a colliery explosion that has occurred in Silesia, A paper on agricultural and technical education in the colonies is to be read before the Colonial Institute on the 13th instant by Mr Henry Moore. On January 23 the committee of the English Board of Trade will examine the Agents-General to ascertain the views of the various colonies with re- gard to the renewal of curtain commercial treaties existing between England and other countries, and expiring next year. The Melbourne fasting man on Saturday after- noon concluded his 40 days fast. Her Majesty has appointed Chief Justice Way Lieutenant-Governor of the colony of South Aus- tralia. A man named Davis was drowned at Wagga yes- terday afternoon while bathing. In the Intercolonial Cricket Match in Melbourne, the Victorians on Saturday finished the first innings for 220, and, following on, scored 15 with the loss of no wickets. A Slight outbreak of fire took place on Saturday night in the Club-chambers, Bent-street. The flames were put out before the arrival of the brigades. A Large fire broke out in Gympie on Saturday morning and destroyed a number of business premises. The gunboat Palumah, which returned to Bris- bane on Saturday after being engaged for eight months surveying in Torres Straits, reports the discovery of the rock on which the Quetta struck. The Queensland total revenue for the past quarter amounted to £747,192, which is a decrease of £141 on the corrresponding quarter of last year. During the week the export of coal from New- castle was 33,244 tons, and during last year 1,628,038 tons were exported. A large area of land between Byron Bay and Lismore is to be planted with cane. The death is announced of Dr. Gentle, a well-known medical man in Goulburn. A Miner named Brown was killed on Saturday while cleaning out a shaft at New Lambton, owing to part of the ventilating apparatus falling on him from the top shaft. A Banquet was tendered to M'Lean, the cham- pion sculler, on Friday, at Woodburn, Another banquet is to be held at Lismore on January 7. During the current year it is proposed to hold a great rowing carnival on the Richmond River. On Saturday, in Victoria, a general meeting of the Amalgamated Millers' Association was held. On Friday the police in Western Australia pre- vented a boxing contest with 4-oz, gloves for £100 a-side. Captain Helbert, late private secretary to Lord Carrington, leaves Sydney to- day for London in the R.M.S.Orubs, Mr. T. West, a Victorian expert, lectured at Wentworth on Friday on irrigation and fruit desiccation. Douring the recent fighting with the Sioux Indians in America the Seventh Cavalry Regiment of the United States Army narrowly escaped a serious defeat owing to a surprise by a superior force of the Indians. Another regiment came to their assistante in time to prevent them from being cut down. Twelve regiments of infantry are investing the country of the Indians, who number about 3000. The death is announced of Mr. A. W. Kinglake, the historian. At a specially convened meeting of the Council of the Railway and Tramway Service Association on Saturday night to consider the recent dismissal of Mr. Hoyle, it was decided to pay Mr. Hoyle £5 per week, being the amount of his railway salary, and take steps to obtain a revision of the Commis- sioners' action. Some particulars of the Gladstone-Parnell crisis, supplied by our London correspondent, will be found in another column. In connection with the Independent Order of Good Templars, about 1500 public meetings were hold during the last year. The Stock and Share market resumes business to-day after being closed since December. The Customs revenue received on Saturday amounted to £478. An article in the United Service Magazine places under the cold grey light of prac- tical reason a question that is too gener- ally looked at in the illusory tints of senti- ment, or under the equally deceptive in- fluence of enthusiasm or prejudice. In it Major Clarke and Major-General Strange discuss the somewhat trite ques- tion of Imperial federation, but in this case " from the purely naval and military point of view." Attention, no doubt, has been directed to this aspect of the matter before, but it must be confessed that between the transcendentalism of patriotic fervour on the one hand, and the flip- pancy or mock heroics of the " cut the-painter " kind of people on the other, due consideration has hardly been given to the utilitarian argument for retaining the connection of the oolonies with the Empire. It is probable that there is very often as little value in the protestations of those who are for ever de- claiming about the " silken cords " that bind us to the mother-country, as there is in the braggadocie of those who flout the connection : but the points in the ques- tion as put forward by these writers are such as should crave the attention of both these extremists, as well as of all thinking and practical colonists. It is probably admitted generally that if the protection of the British Power were withdrawn from these colonies, and the various great Powers had a free hand to do as they wished, the colonies would not be able to proteot them- selves in their present stage of development from any serious attack. Those who profess to think otherwise are either wilfully or unwittingly so blind to the proportions of things that there is no profit in arguing with them ; and though, no doubt, Australians would make as brave and as efficient a defence as any other people of similar numbers on the face of the earth, the supposition that they could defend their vast coastline against the attacks of any of the military Powers really intending an occupation of the country would be an idle dream. Such an invading Power, in the event of the neu- trality of England, would choose its point of approach, which would not be under the guns at Sydney Heads or Queens- cliffe, but at one or other of a hundred spots on the seaboard where the land- ing is easy, and where no practical resistance could be given, till the requisite forces and armaments were snugly stowed away behind earthworks that would give immunity for years, if desired, against any colonial forces that could be brought up to dislodge them. The possibility of effecting a success- ful occupation cannot be doubted, and comfort could only be drawn from the question as to whether any of the great Powers would consider it advisable to annex a portion or the whole of the Aus- tralian colonies. And on this there could be very little doubt, for the exhibitions of earth-hunger that we have seen during the last decade, and in respect of the most inhospitable and uninviting territories, perhaps, on the face of the globe, must con- vince anyone that if the opportunity were only once afforded for seiz- ing a portion of the great and healthy Australian, continent, it would be taken with an avidity and enthusiasm sur- passing anything that has yet been seen in the late colonising movements of the various European Powers. As stated by the writers in the United Service Magazine : " Supposing that Aus- tralia adopts the ' cut-the-painter ' policy, dedaring her independence : in the face of the earth-hunger that pervades the armed nations of Europe, in whose teeming work- shops, on whose partially worn-out farms, every able- bodied man has been a trained soldier, and is still enrolled a re- servist, the thoughtful Australian must have grave doubts as to whether his golden continent would be allowed to grow in peace, unmolested, until the popu- lation was ten times larger than it is to enable him to defend it.He is conscious that the sum-total of the wealth of Australia divided by the present popu- lation shows that they are the richest and the most defenceless people in the world, without an army, navy, arsenals, or ammunition sufficient for a week's fighting." This is a little disturb- ing to our amour propre ; but it is the word of truth and soberness, and so soon and as sure as we enjoyed the luxury of being out adrift from the " effete " system of Great Britain, that moment would the fair fields of Aus- tralia become the cynosure of millions of hungering eyes in Europe, to say nothing of the yellow barbarians of the Flowery Land. Under any one of a hundred possible and plausible pretexts occasion would be found for intervening and regu- lating the affairs of Australia—-if indeed the political conscience of nations, as we know it, would require any excuse for national aggrandiement. To Russia, France, Germany, Italy perhaps, and very certainly China, the vast unoccupied or partially peopled areas of Australia would appear as a perfectly legiti- mate attraction, and the vapouring of independency and Republicanism, and dissatisfaction with the things that are, would very certainly and rapidly give place to a sullen and probably silent submission to the ascendancy of King Stork, who had taken the place of King Log. However it may be when the population of Australasia is ten times what it is, any severance of the tie which brings us the moral as well as national help of England against possible enemies, would in our time at least be a disastrous catastrophe ; and though the sentimental gush of loyalty, which is so often characteristic of those who affect to cherish the Imperial connection as a sacred thing, is sometimes as offensive in its inanity as the swagger of those who are forever mouthing disloyalty as if it were a mark of manliness, there is a substantial ground of reason in our maintaining the connection with the strength and the greatness of the Empire that should make every genuine friend of Aus- tralia stand by the cause of unity with unswerving constancy. Indeed, if we look at a minor aspect of the case—-the effect that would come of our commerce being unprotected and left a prey to cruisers—the severance of the connection would have results hardly less disastrous than an invasion and occupation of the country. The stoppage of our trade with Europe for a single month would sweep with the besom of insolvency from one end of Australasia to the other. Crippled in its internal resourcos Australia could not raise a farthing from without, and the paralysis of commerce would endure for many a long year, even if by any happy contingency the embargo on our enterprise could bo removed. . These are the practical aspects of tho great question that should mainly present thomselvos to colonists, aspects of it that must influence thought and action as these are influenced by practical and utilitarian considerations in all tho other business ot life. Senti- mental views of loyalty and love of mother country are very pretty, as sentimental things nearly always aro ; but the worst of it is that -by their unreality and insincerity they commonly give occasion to the enemy to blaspheme, and to make irreverent mockery of the cause of Imperial union. If the benedictions of his fellow-men are due to him that mukes two blades of grass grow where one grow before, like blessings should come to him that increases the possible industries of the community. And if the added industry bo one that conduoos to the moral and physical as well as the pecuniary boneflt of the people, the public gratitude should bo proportionally en- hanced. And this is the sort of glory that should await the man, be lie states- man or settler, who may have his name associated with the establishing of the industry of scent-farming in Australia. It may seem a little thing to call for so large praise ; but when we consider the potentialities of this young industry, its capabilities of extension, the simplicity of its operations, its attractive- ness as a rural and domestio employment, not less than its lucrative character, it is hardly too much to say that the industry of floriculture with the object of the extraction of perfumes is deserving of the best wishes and encouragement of everyone that wishes well to Australia. That it is not a wholly-negleoted industry we admit. In this colony, and in all the colonies, it has been experimented on with more or less success ; but in Victoria an experiment is being conduoted on an ex- tensive and systomatio scale that is specially deserving of attention. A scent-farm has boen in operation for a few years past at Dunolly, conducted under the authority of the Viticultural Board of the colony, the results of whioh have been highly encouraging, and at the present there is a mild excitement pervuding the community over the successful extraction of a very delicious perfume from what may be regarded as the national and em- blematic flower of Australia, the wattle blossom. It has been contended that all attempts at achieving this result must be failure, from repeated attempts having proved unsuccessful ; but the proof of possibility ia in the actual pio duct in a merchantable form, whereat the rejoicing is great in floricultural circles. It is not necessary to accept all the sanguine anticipations that have resulted, as of land producing at the rate of six or seven hundred pounds per acre per annum from the " morning breath '' of the wattle-bloom ; but it is quite clear that from this, as well as from a great variety of indigenous blos- soms, it is possible to develop an enter- prise that may not only give a great exten- sion of industry in the colonies, but give to Australia in the markets of the world a fame for her essential oils and fragrant waters as unique as the prestige attaching to the excellence of her wines and wools and other products. No oue needs to be told of the varied perfumes that are-wo cannot say latent but undeveloped-in the native shrubs and flowers of Australia, und without overlooking tho possibility of adding the plants and blooms that have come from ovor sea, it is these that should be chiefly utilised for scent- production as presenting the charm of novelty and uuiquenesB which would givo a character and fame to Australian fragrances. That the climate, which beuis so much resemblance to that of the Maritime Alpine piovincos of Franco where flower - farming ranks as a prin- cipal industry, would be suitable is beyond question, and while the cultiva- tion of flowers is within the intelligence of the simplest colonist, the manufacture of the perfumo in its crude but quite marketable form is said to be as uncom- plicated as the making of butter, and more so than, the making of cheese. Indeed tho rudest implements-a bucket, a kerosene tin-aro all the appliances requisite if it is so desired, the bringing the blooms into contact with olive oil, or even lard or veal suet, being sufficient for the transference of the essences, the crude extract being saleable at remunera- tive prices to the more scientific manufac- turer. The strong affinity whioh the exhaled " breath oi flowers '' has for fatty substances when brought into contact makes the process of extraction of the simplest character, while the stronger affinity which that perfume has for alcohol makes tho transference from the oily substance equally easy. But whether by this process of enflourage, by which per- fumes proper are produced, or by macera- tion and pressuie and distillation for the extraction of the attars or essen- tial oils, whioh belongs moro to the sphere of the professional manufacturer, the work of growing the flowers and the pre. liminary preparation of them into a mar- ketable article aro within the reach of all ; and in themselves present a field for active and extensive industry the capabilities of which could bo hardly over-estimated. When a desire is felt for increasing the employment of the people by the estab- lishment of manufacturing industries, one is sometimes tempted to regret that it is the introduction into these bright now lands of the f uctory life of old countrioB, with all the ooncomitants of physical and even moral deterioration. Wo think of the worn and haggard faces that turn out of the faotory gate at sundown in the old land, and we think sometimes that, desir- able as it is that we should produce our own manufactures and keep our population in active employment, it would be better if our workers, instead of spending their days among wheels and spindles and in the heated, unhealthy atmosphere of crowded rooms, could live amid brighter surroundings, and in the purer moral and physical atmosphere of rural life. This is an industry that woujd supply the want ? one the profitable out- look of whioh would not be lessened if half the people of New South Wales, instead of being cooped up in towns and cities, were engaged in it Even if scent-farming were not developed to the full extent of its possibilities, yet as», an adjunct to the ¡ ordinary im- ustrial life of settlers it might be of great profit; while to persons of humble means, to women and children, to anyone loving life in its simplest for. is, and content to dwell " far from the mad- ding crowd," it offers a means of livelihood and apparently a com- petence, in a walk of life ob refining and as winsome as could well be conceived. That the industry of flower-growing and perfume-making i« capable of maintaining large populations is shown clearly enough from the South of France-where the industry has been carried on for centuries-from Southern Italy, from Sicily, from Bulgaria, and else- where. It is not so familiar to our own traditions us wheat-growiug or wool-raising, And because of the distrust which that is likoly to engender, some special effort Bhould be made by public-spirited colonists, and by the Government itaolf, to direct the publio attention to its importance as a great possible industry. Sentiment, how- ever much people may smile at it, is a great factor in life, and it would count for much if the extract essence of our national Australian flower, the wattle blossom, should yet turn the hoad of fashion. The name of Kinglake, the historian of the Crimean War,appears in our obituary this morning, and the announcement will be read by many with such in- terest as may be lent by a grateful recollection of the hours of pleasure and profit his literary labours have afforded them. Kinglake was one of those writers who record history picturesquely—of the school that deals with epochs rather than with eras, and treats its matter objectively rather than subjectively. Writers of this class have often a keener eye for dramatic effect than a taste for philosophic inquiry, and their work is of a more striking order and more immediately popular in consequence. As the successive volumes of Kinglake's history of the Russian War of 1854-6 appeared, they ex- cited an interest not unlike that produced by the chapters of a serial story in its way ; for they painted for the minds of En- glishmen a series of stirring battle-pieces and incidents of the campaign in connec- tion with the only great war in which Eng- land has been engaged since Waterloo, and indeed the only European outbreak on a large scale until it was eclipsed by the events of 1870. His history of the Crimea War is Kinglake's great work ; but book-lovers will not fail to remember another little volume from the same pen, which many competent judges would hesitate to exchange even for the more pretentious achievement. This was " Eothen," published anonymously nearly twenty years before the first volume of his history appeared. It leaped into the same kind of popularity amongst the discerning as BECKFORD'S "Vathek," and for much the same reason. Readers of THACKERAY will remember his encomiums, cor- dial though passing, on this volume shortly after it appeared. As a book on Eastern travel it was then unique of its class, and it still retains in a marked degree a share of the favour it first won. " Eothen " is an unaffected account of what was observed in the course of an Oriental tour by a man possessed of what is called the " seeing eye," The ground had already been covered, and its story told. Kinglake went over the old scenes again, and re-cast the story with a new freshness, and an interest it never had before. His reputation as a man of letters rests, as securely as anything can be secure in those times, on these two notable books. At a recent meeting of the Wharf Labourers' Union it was announced that, with the view of inducing the free labourers at present engaged in large numbers on the various wharfs to became unionists, it had been resolved to admit without any entrance-fee all those who chose to enter up till the 1st of February. We are very far from saying that this is not as it ought to be ; indeed, it was the exclusiveness of this body and the fact that a multitude of willing workers had been shut out by the high and prohibitory fees which attached a char- acter of unfairness to the cause of union in the late struggle ; and this abandonment of the spirit of monopoly if maintained con- sistently will be a very tower of strength to the cause in any future contest. In so far the action of the Wharf Labourers' Union is entirely commendable, but all the same there is a significance in it that can- not be overlooked by the employers of labour in the interests of the cause with which they are identified. For it is expressly done with the intention that there may be no free labour outside the pale of unionism whenever the occasion arises for a renewal of the strife. And there is no equivocation in this; it is frankly and openly admitted. Indeed, there is a candour in all these preparations of the unions that disarms hostility. And if there is anything that commands our admiration even more than this, it is the spirit of insouciance with which the parties on the other side appear to regard these preparations. It is not for us to determine the moot point as to whether the employers have proved loyal or otherwise to those free labourers who fought for their cause in the day of trouble. However that may be, the fact is manifest that the advan- tages are at the present on the side of the unionists in obtaining employment, and that at this hour it would be a benefit to the free labourer to belong to the union, for on that side he would have the help of active and determined allies who have a definite end in view, and the courage and persistence to fight for it ; whereas on the other, as a free labourer, he has barely the sympathy, and not at all the active help, of employers, who profess to be actuated by a magnanimous desire for impartiality, and make it a point of honour to act as between the two in the spirit of the old saying, " Tros Tyriusque mihi nullo diacrimino agelur." The result, of course, will be a foregone conclusion. To-day at noon a deputation will wait upon Sir Henry Parkes to protest against a portion of Vic- toria Park being set apart for bowling green pur- poses. With regard to the dismissal of Mr. Hoyle from the railway service, no political action will be taken prior to the interview between Mr. Dibbs and others with the Premier on the subject, the time of which has not yet been made known. To-day tenders will be received by the railway Commissioners for the following works and sup- plies :—Widening of suburban line between Long Cove Creek, Petersham, and Ashfield ; supply of about 750,000 superficial feet of teak required in the construction of rolling stock, and also of 100,000 teak railway keys ; purchase and removal of materials in cottage situated at 249 miles 40 chains, near Young railway station ; supply of 260,500 wood blocks at Botany-road siding: erection and completion of drivers' and firemen's cottage at Hornsby, on the Great Northern Railway; erection and completion of additions to telegraph workshops, Eveleigh ; supply of 500 tons of ljin, blue metal, to be delivered on wharf at Milson's Point, North Shore; supply of timber as under, required from date of acceptance of tender to June 30, 1892 : Colonial pine, hickory, tallow wood, ironbark, and hardwood weatherboards, for Sydney, and redwood for New- castle: supply of hardwood timber from date of acceptance of tender to June 80,1892 ; and the tapoly of a qusntity of coke for tramway«, for tha ^period ending June, 1892. f to-day «t 3 o'clock, Mr. J. N. Brunker, the ' Minister for Lands, will place in position, the cope »ene of the tower in the new «ocHen of tke Pubho Laids Department buildings in Gresham and BcaVstreets. Monars. Wains and Baldwin, the ooptrwtora, have issued invitations for gentlemen to be prtsent at the ceremony. The «hem» for establishing a Mining and Metallurgie»! Exhibition in cenneotion with the Imperial Institute, has (our London correspondent ?tates) boon formally submitted to the Prince of Wiles by the eoineil of the institute, and heartily approved of by him, His Royal Highness thinks thtt it will greatly add to the attractions of the institute. <J%t council are desirous to ascertain to whot «xtont the colonial Governments aro prepared to support this projeot, and the Agents-General have Veen requested to ascertain the opinions of the atme. They will hold a meeting at the office« of the High Commissioner for Canada to discuss the nutter and arrange hew tbe withes of the Prince and the council shall be carried out. To mark their appreciation of the honour of the Companionship of St. Michael and St George con- ferred upon Mr. Critchett Walker, the Prin cipal TJndor- Secrotary, the offloials of the Colonial Secretary's Department assembled in the hoard-room it noon on Saturday, to present their ciiof with a congratula- tory address. All the officials of tho dopartmont were present, and they heartily greeted Mr. Walker. Mr. E. W. M'Kenny. the Assistant Under-Secretory, presentid Mr. Walker, O.M.G., with the following address :-"Colonial Secretary's Office, Sydnoy, 2nd January, 1881.-Dear Sir, An announcement having leen made in the news pipers that her Majesty the Queea has oenferred apon you the high distinction of Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George, wo, the officers of the dopartmont over which you preside, avail ourselves of the urliest opportunity of offering you our united and sinoere congratulations. Most of us have boon «jiooiated with you for ronny yoars, and wt one and all desire to «xpress the great pleasure we feel on hearing that in honour so woll merited has been bestowed upon you. We further airare you of our deep sense of the impartiality wbioh has, at all times, characterised your manage- ment of this department; and of the uniform kind neu and courtesy extended by you to all with whom you have oorae in contaot We combine with ear congratulations our hearty wishts that the Brightness and prospsrity of your past weer may be equally vouchsafed to you in the fiture, and keg to BUbsoribe ourselves, with great rasreot, your Fsithful assistants." Mr. Walker's health wis drunk with cheers. In reply thePrincipalUnder-Sfcrotary appropriately responded, saying the honour con. fsrrad upon him was unsought, but he valued it as a récognition of long «ervioe, and aa a distinction beitowed on the official position he occupied, His tbuks were also due to the official« by whom he was surrounded, and he oould safely My they worked harmoniously together as * hippy family. His sincere hope was that such friendly relationi would long continue to exist An lour later in the day the officers of the Colonial Secretary's Department held their annual pienic 0o boord the steamer Kate they steamed to various noted spots in the harbour, lad eventually lunohed at Fig Tree Point At the luncheon one toast was proposed by Mr, J. J. Taylor, the ohief cletk, it being the health of Jlr. Walker, the head of the department The remainder of the afternoon was spent in visiting Bantry and other bays in Middle Harbour, and a return to the oity was made about 6.80 p.m. Before the company separated they draak the health of Mr. J. Taylor, whioh was proposed by Mr. Nowranie, a retired servant of the depart- ment Oai-tain Helbeut, who for a period of two years tiled the position of private secretary to Lord Carrington, will to-day leave by the E.M.S. Oruba for England. Captan Helbert had aeoepted an appointment ou the staff of the new Governor, but ho has had to return te England to obtain bis regimental promotion, whioh has fallen due earlier than was expeoted. Captain Halbert served with his regiment-the 23rd Itoynl Wah Fusiliers-in the Burma campaign of 1885-0, and on tha staff at Calcutta. On his return to England he was appointed political aide-de-camp to the Secretary of State for India, and was placed in charge successively of the three principal Indian Princes who visited England during tho Jubilee and subsequent year. Captain Helbert has during his connection with Government House become very popular in vice-regal circles, and by his unvarying courtesy has won the esteem of all who havo been brought into contact with him onloially. The Bev. W. Bradley, who has hold the coaplainoy of the Sydney Bethel Union ainoe January, 1885, has resigned that appointment. We understand that it is the intention of Mr. Bradley to visit England. On Saturday night last a valedictory banquet was given at the Bondi Aquarium to Messrs. Gray- son, Fox, and Miller, on the occasion of the expira- tion of their engagement with the Picturesque Atlas Company. The chair was taken by Mr. William M'Leod, chairman of the board. The toasts of the evening were " The Queen," " Our Guests," " The Atlas Company," responded to by Mr. Silas Lyon Moffett ; the " Literary, artistic, and typographical staffs," replied to by Messrs. Fred J. Broomfield, Frank P. Mahoney, D. Macdonald, and A. H. Fullwood; " The Ladies," proposed by Colonel Hobbs, and " The Chairman," proposed by Mr. F. J. Broomfield. The proceed- ings were under the managerial direction of Mr. Wyburd. An excellent string band was in attend- ance and dancing was kept up till midnight, varied by songs, sketches, and legerdemain entertainments by the members of the Bondi Aquarium Company. Inn affects of the M'Kinley tariff in the United States are illustrated by tho following statement, whioh appears in a home paper:-"The representa- tive of a large gingham manufactory in Sootland has visited West Port, Connecticut, to seek a Bite for a factory, and has found one suitable for the purpose. Negotiations for its purchase are expeoted to follow, The gentleman in question explains that, owing to the new tariff, the removal of the business to Am erica is necessary. The wool ex- port trade from the South Bussian provinces on the Son has been entirely ruined by the M'Kinley tariffs. Before these came into opera- tion the consignments to New York were very large, but now the Bussian merchants are loudly complaining to their Government that they ara unablo even to unload their goods, owing to the vexations Custom bouse formalitios. The exporta- tions have completely ceased. Canadian papers also agree in stating that the full pressure of the M'Kinley tariff upon the farmers of the Dominion will not be felt until next year, as a large propor- tion of the last barley crop was hurried across the frontior before the tariff carne into force, and it waa much the same with live stock and other articles afieotcd, excepting bay, whioh is now* a drug in the market. The egg season was pretty »foil nwm. hnfnr« Mu» Tlfllf:» 1»~ TJ.'ll .".» _-J-J ne» "«"i uv.uiu but, j_. ¿kitniij -»iii was p-ssea, ana dealers aro watching experiments for opening up a bade with England for the surplus of next spring and summer. One effect of the stoppage of agri- cultural exports to the United States is likely to be an increase of dairying in Canada, as dairy products find a ready market in this country." The United States Oonsul-Qeneral in Egypt, ia a report recently published, describes the system of batoning eggs by artificial heat pursued in that country from time immemorial, and still in aotivo operation. One establishment visited by the Oonsul-Goneral was wholly constructed of tun-dried bricks, mortar, and earth. It wat 70ft. long, 60ft wide, and loft, high, and was. provided with 12 compartments or inoubators, each capable of hatching 7500 eggs, or altogether 90,000 at one time. The teason begins in March aud lasts until May, and three batches of eggs are hatched in this time, each taking an average of three weeks. The fourth week is given to removing the chickens and proparing the inou- bators for a new baton of eggs. The number of eggs treated at this establishment in a single season was therefore 270,000, from whioh 280,000 ohiokens are usually obtained. Tho percentage of chickens would be greater but that the eggs are in some instances procured from long distances and in large quantities, and are, therefore, liable to damage. The price of eggs is 2Jd per dozen, and chickens just issued' from the shell are sold at 7Jd per dozen. The loss of chickens after incubation is comparatively small. The whole staff of the place is a man and a boy, who kees np the fires to a temperature of not less than 08 degrees F., arrange the egg«, move them four or five times in the 24 hours, look after the chickens, and hand them over to the buyers. The number of chickens batoned in this manner throughout Egypt is estimated at 75,000,000, and would under ordinary circum ' stances require 1,500,000 mothers. Tnis being the centenary year of the introduction of the chrysanthemum into England, a word on the subject from ita native place, Peking, may not be ont of place. It is not generally known, writes Mr. Thomas Child, in Nature, that the Chinese pew the chrysanthemum m a etandard tree, .specially for selling. They graft them on to a stalk of artemisia. There is a species of artemisia that grews wild and covers the wasto ground round Pekin, it springs from seed every year, and by the autumn attains to a treo Bft or 10ft high, with a stein ljin. thick. The Ohinoso cut it down, and, aftor drying it, use it as fuel ; the small twigs and seeds aro twisted into a rope, which is lighted and hung up in a room to smoulder for hours; tho pungent ?mell of tho smoke drives out tho mosquitoes. This plant, after being potted, is cut down to abont Sit and used as tho slock, the twigs of ohrjsantho mum aro grafted round the top, and it quickly makes a fine trie, the Howers grow and open, and as the stock soon withers the wholo treo dies, and folks say, "another ingenious fraud of the Chinamon." A favourite style of growing chrysanthemums is in tho shapo of a lan, with eight or 10 Ilowors in différant parts of it If tho flowers are not grown on the plants they are tied on, which also does for selling. The vinters in Pekin are very cold, and last about four nonths, and having no glass housss tho Chinese gudenors do not have the chance of producing such a «arioty or such Ano Ilowors as their Europoan brtthrcn, but in the oaïo of chrysanthemums they have many ubicas snd beautiful variotioi, The correspondent of the Times, who last year described the efforts that were boing made to open up commercial communications by way of the Arctio Sois botween this country and the heart of Siberia is able to announce that those offorta havo at longth boon orowned with success. Even while he wrote, valuable cargoes whioh were in Loodon at the end of July wore being landod and warehoused at Yenisoisk, 1500 miles up the Yenisoi. Towards tho end of October cargoes whioh left Yonieeisk three months before weie safo in the London Docks. Hitherto Siberia has been sealed against tho chiof products of Western industry. All at once they are delivered straight from tho port of London, with only one transhipment on the way, to the quays of an em- porium in Central Siberia, This will not astonish thoEo who have followed the courageous and per- sistent explorations conducted by Captain Wiggins during a series of years by means of his ownrosources and tho resources of mon who believed in bim. Of oourso, the Kara Sea is not passable at all seasons of the year. Siberia-bound vessels must sail from British portB not later than tbo end of tho first week in August in order to reaoh tho mouth of the Yenisei in time to make the homeward voyage the same season, The next difUoulty was not so oasily surmounted. The estuary of the Yenisoi is 100 miles in length, It is so broad that the small craft of the upper reauhos ef the river dare not brave the north-easterly gales by whioh it is swept ; yet so Btudded is it with small islands, sa imperfectly is its chanaol laid down in the charts, and so scanty was the ex- plorer's knowledge as to ita depth, that tbey, on their sids, did not venture to navigate it with ves- sels of considerable draught The riverine craft waited at the head of the estnary, and the mer- chantman that had come from England waited at its mouth, each leaving to the other the disagree- able duty of traversing the estuary. The result was that they novor mot But this diftloulty has been removed by fuller knowledge, The ssturary proves to be navigable for ships of any draught right up to Earaoul, tbo port whioh serves as the terminus for tbo rivor steamers. Thus British merchant vessels sailed nearly 200 miles up the mouth of a Siberian river, oxchanged cargoes with a flotilla from the uppor roaches of the river, and tailed home again. The expedition took 89 days to reach Earaaul, remained thors 10, and took 26 to return. It was absent from the London Docks lor only 81 days. The lancet, commenting upon tho recent account of Professor Koch's mothod of treating tuborcular disease, say« that tho publication of an account of the method by Professor Koch's himself aftor year» of patient research may bo taken as evidence that he himself is satisfied of its efficaoy. Thora aro few men more worthy of confidence than Professor Koch, whose whole reoord is that of the patient, earnest seeker after truth. The announcement by him at the International Medical Congress was welcomed as " glad tidings of great joy," for it was generally folt that Hobart Kooli w»s a man who seldom m ado a statement whioh he could not justify, and one who in this particular instance must have folt the tremendous issues dopending on his utterances. If, indoed, ho has eucceedod in showing how this insidious foe of mankind can bo held in chook, ho has crowned his first achievement, the discovery of the tubercle bacillus, by a still greater discovery, and has earned undying fame. In the presont condition of publio interest and profes- sional approval it is somewhat difficult to maintain an impartial and dispassionate attitude on the sub- ject Expectation has been raised to such a pitch, due, in great part, to his own announcement at tho Berlin Congress, that he has perhaps acted wisely in not further postponing such information as he felt justified in giving. In sa doing he has satisfied curiosity up to a certain point, and the operation of the method is now being watched by numbers of modioal men from all patt?, who havo gone to Ber- lin in the intorosts of their patients, or as depu- tations from scion ti Ho bodies, or merely for their own personal information. But theae are also obvious disadvantages attending the couroo which has been pursued, of whioh the chief is- un- doubtedly that it has led to the gathering in the Gorman capital of many lufferirs who had far botter have repaired to their health resortB until the remedy had bocoms further tented, or, what is more to the purpose, until tho Bupply of it should have becomo somewhat equal to the domand. And this leads the Lancet to express the strong opinion that it ib incumbont upon Prafosèor Koch to lose no timo in making known tho^ details of tho mothod of the preparation of the substance in question. Spurious imitations are certain to le produced, but the profession will tako caro that it is only fur- nished with the remedy from accredited sources. There exist, in various parts, institutions, suoh as the laboratory of the Boyal Colleges in London, which well supply the material in a tiu-tworthy form. The Lancet cannot beliove that the Gorman Government has tho intention of retaining, as it were, the remedy in its own hands, and bo becoming the proprietary of a vast patent medicine faotory. It is held on the othor hand, that it might reasonably bo roquirod that the remedy, whorever proparod, should be tested as to its quali- ties by some central authority, and an institute under Professor Koch is suggested. In concluding, the Lancet observes that it is idle to speculate upon the possible outcome of those remarkable researches. At present it is a duty to acoept the statements as coming from so trustworthy a source, and it is satisfactory to know that they will be thoroughly tosted by oompotont and judi- cious clinical observara, The Lancet cannot pretend to forecast their verdict, which to many is of the greatest moment In the interests of humanity, however, it is above all neodful that no exaggerated estimate should be farmed of the powers of tho method, and that the utmost care should be taken in the selection of casos for treat- ment, whilst there should be no abandonment of the recognised rules of medical art in placing the | victims of tuberculous disease in euch favourable conditions as will assist in their recovery. With regard to the recent Indian outbreak in the United States, it is Btatod that the Sioux nation numbers nearly 80,000 members, and is the most Tiftwnrful trihn of Indians in North America Twenty-eight years ago the Sioux broke out and massacred tho white settlers of Minnesota, where they wera then looated. Subdued, they were re- moved to tbeir present reservations in Dakota. But they were again in conflict with tho United States troops in 1875 and 1870. The warliko agitation among the Sioux of Dakota proceeds from quite an exceptional cause, if the American telegrams tell the whole truth. Previous risings have generally been due to shortness of rations, and so many charge« of malversation havo been proved in formor times against the agents appointed by the Amorioan Government to look after the welfare of the Indians that (says tho Times) a suspicion is apt to ariso that the offending tribes have not received fair treatment. But the cause of tho disquiet in the present case appears to be that the Sioux aro possossod with the idea that a Messiah is about to appear, who will exterminate the white man. He has failed to make hit appearance this month, at the prophets had announced. But the warlike ardour of the Sioux, having once been aroused, is not disposed to bo ox aoting over trifles, and is quite satisfied with the explanation that the event has been postponed for the prêtent The New York lYibune says ¡ No class of savages is more widely imaginative than the American Indian, and none is capable of wilder work under the influence of religious de- lusion. These fact* are particularly true of tho Sioux, and although this now dream of conquest is not confined to the Dakota tribes, it Booms to bave originated among them, and is receiving its greatest power for barm from their belief in it They are not only by far the mott numerous body of wild Indians now living, but they are the bravost, the orueloät, the most fanatical, and tho least tractable. They have the bjst leaders and ti., largest resources. They are, of all, the most devoid to their tribal customs. They are proud of their history, loyal to their traditions, and faithful to tbeir ohiof men. A large body of them it still wild, implacable, and vicious The Indiana oomposing it rarely appsar at the agencio», and cling tenaciously to their bar- barous ways. They entortain a vast contempt for the white man's civilisation, and keep their minda ever dwelling on the time wben the Indian will again bo supromo on the soil of which thoy con- sider ho has been despoiled only as a punishment of the Almighty The " Coming of tho Ghosts " is not a stranga idea to the Indian mind. In one form or another it is a common superstition, and although large eoc'ions of ovory tribe havo seemed, from time io tim«, to grow weaker in tho faith they put in it thors is no doubt that concerted action on the part of their chiefs and modicme men might easily revivo it 1 orlunatoly, tho rod man has only a feeble talent for organisation Men like Joseph, tho Nez Perçus, able to direct large bodies of savages and to compel obodienco to bis will, aro exceedingly rare, and when thoy have developed in tho past, our great Christian Government has generally succo»dod in bribing them before thoy did much barm. But it is almost imposiiblo to eradicate superstition from the mind of an Indian, and it is astonishing what silly thintrs ho will accept and what prnposterous folly he will commit under its evil influence. In many cases no amount of education will suffice to break its spell, und Indians who havo boon taught in Lastern Schools, nnd have boooma familiar with the lite of great oitios, have thereafter taken the most conspicuous parts in fanatical disturbances. A small consignment of the now «eason's maizo has been sent to bjdaey from tha Clarence Kivor the sample wns crown by Mr G Kllom of *-outh Grafton It is slated that now nmi/o has never beforo reached iho market so o irly ia the year inn Trinco Alfred Hospital report for the week ended January Î is as follows -Admitted, 46, discharged ¿i, died, 4, remaining in hospital cn January I, 1891, 205 , number of out patient, treated dnrinr the week, 214 number of casualty cases treated but not admitted, 207, total iii lhere aro at present I hi typhoid caaes in tho wards 