.' The Federal Convention. [Br BowaaL ] The principal event of the waek hse er thIre reply of Sir H. Parhon on rh: rr-oltirone moved by him at the commr rorreilt .of the Convention. tie ppoke for reliy an lhour oa a quarter, and it is gp narally admttled, even ,~: his friends, that the s ffrt was a testimooy ta hin failing powers. Ceatainly th,.re was no thing ia it worthy of the greatest historical occasion in the rec:rds of AnEtrali--an ccl. sion beside which the conasiettutiot-.ktig effots tof the srT rrl coleice siank into aoeolute insignifoance. 1. ,asa a mereecoond tending apseoh, and a very ordinary one-devoid of any oratory, aation, or deolamation --ard mca h of it oounpied in killing palitical ghosts raised by the speaker himself; sunch, for instance, as a close comparison which he went ost of his way to instituten between the Honee of Lords (an hereditary body) and the Federal Senate, which will be almost the dirtct crea tion of the popular will. So, too, he dopre. osated looking too far ahead, and dcclartd that "suffioient'onto the day is the government thereof"-a very curious anl ambiguous parody, which, if taken in a literal eensa, woeld have precluded any improvementin any age of the world. Sir Henry did not Ihave it all his own way, for Sir John Downer, of8cuth Anatralia, retorted elarply upon him for one of bis'assertions, when Sir Henlry onswcred him back smartly, and then put in a sort of ad misericordiam appeal for attentioo and coonsideration. The old gentleman has evidently had his own way so long in the Parliament of New Smuth Wales that he' thinks that no one else. knows anything about anything, and he appatently does not relish the contest with th r ehrpest intellects of Australia. Sir S. W. .Oriflth alone seeme to show him the most object de0 ferenc and consideration. Altogether, S?ir Henry's performance was n asad iostaobcoftf e veteran "laggingeoperflnous on the stnge,"and if he takeanys aote part in committee, he will findlilmelIf in the hands of thre Philiti?nee when he enosontere unch men as Dbwner a4- Bray, of South'-ustralis, with Playfore,-ao bhint " HonestTom" Piemier of that ctlony : For rest, of Western Auoetralia; Clark, of Tas mania; and many others who have twlie his erudition and ten times his vfgoer. Aplparently, Sir Samuel Grifith will not hit or kick the old lian, and seems to he playing foribe vacant federal throne, whiek sannot be loog'hfeorm it requiree an occpst. At 12 Sa noon tiCon vention went into- onmittee pro orman, and adjourned to 23S0, Mr. Je.P AboBsto,the New South Wales 8peaker,beingappointed Chair. man. Mr..Marolsanopened the proceedings by objecting that the proposal to.preserve the rights of the several preoymees might have the effect of preventing theni from'alftring their oanstitutlnn Lote." 'This bioghi -up Sir George Grey, of New Zealsad,;and no "agi tator" ver asade a more itter speech against th" oapilnee0 Legislatidse OCdlaoils p' the ooln?oifthandid thbci xliyernorand eltureed liteiesyeristost. In the midstof thleCon vention of equatters, lawyers, "andweaslthy tradesmen, he delivered afurious tiradeagainst the constitetion and the ueseflnees of snob bodies, and people in the galleries almost held their breath while it -was going on. Sir Gesirgelo what may be rslled a "beautiful old man 9" in extrome ago, his deatures have the aoftness and repose of ehildhood, and he looks altogether almost like a being from sn ether world, .' Difollnldis it to believe that that fraeile,relender, almost under.asced frame went through frightful hardships, in Western Aus tralian dieovaery~pa d afterwards astained the weight of empire at Cape Oelony and in New Zfaland. Sir George's contention was that no State shbold be admitted in shs federation nnlpess its second Chamber tras toade electite, Ofe.ourse, all this.was cbharminglyimpossible, bhut the Convention listened to lb old hero and sadid nothiging in reply. Aftisr thi?.$he proceedings became a Jkhidan r~sngleodihl. euity after diffiealty, lk ?soa many mountain peaks, name ecoesnivsely into view. Questio after question -was started i nd as Sir H, Parkes whs toomaoch banbated to attend the afternoon sesaion, progress was reported until Monday.. Nothing can be clearer than that the.. work of tmakieg a Federal ConstitO tion munt oeucpy months, not weke, and that the leading statesmen of the colonies cannot.afford the time to .do it, Someouther way cwrill iave to be discovered, or the Con vention will lapee by the gradual dienppear. noee ofits members. - Poseshrbly a separate con vention, eleoted directly by the people, and eateailiog one Minister from each colony, will have to be resorted to, for it was seen that in committee the Convention besame oonfased, imopatient, berried, and almost drserderly. To form a conatitotion for one colony is a great workt but even the American people never/ at any one time, had such a tesk before them as that of settling the federation of Aun tralis. The proceedings on Monday, when the Con ferense, refreshed from its ardur use labour bg two days's rest, procsoded vigorcoely to mo;k, wereall in the same style as thobe which pro aeded them, shewing, if euch be p!e?sihle, more olearly the dffiaulti; a in the wey, snd proving beyond doubt that the assembled wisdom of Australia eosn hardly move a step in any dircc tidn without raising up "lions" whoee rearing is econtiually hoard. A 'very clever man is Mr. Gordon oeSonth Auatralia,-eone of those people whose idenas oseem to be se clear as cryotsl; no putting lim ff ll ith vagn, geceralitees; he knows thrat Ihe wants, Redrl ean exprtss it in clear, forcible, conversational, and net in the least dclasmary. Intuauege. He would put the Archbishop f OC:efsrilqis through an exsnmination in the Thirty-nim, Articles, and the Mcdcre.tor sf the Gensrol Assembly in the WestminSter Cordessiol, before he placed cocfideoce in thean in their efficial position. Snch men ae Mr. Gordon are a blesaisig to any Parliament; they prevent debate from getting upen the wrong treck. and from expendiong itselrf in mrre collateal nonsense, instead of upon thie reljrectin hand. The tame Mr. Gordon saw a very tlaga lion in the path, eod, instead of sr, akilrg p e itr'e iboldly went ap to it, and kicked it. ,Thislioo was inoarnated in the following proposti 0t: Mr. M'Millan, the T?eesurar of New South Wales-a somewhat bhzy politician, who wPly.v'' ta -l: cc n..e of a boollkkeeper ILa;n a flaceih c, cicl who would probobly grievowly fani ff ;,- ',ici ilu d-visu eomothiug oigic:- hf:,d etL..I :lat thu Federal Govermnrent, 'ico:u:c, vu;od cot c: the whole Caut-no co!t-r ,f th- , c.':, o-eay £8,ODO,OOC- cooIll af i t- 0. i- exapnre o f about tWo r ni at.ht nill o,.s-gwv ne no rtasoo whliover fI r arivoag .t tlcs iflacttcllar sum, a-d tb-n ny )onik tihe. bal-taCo to the Bees'ral col-. e. upop anae ngrld baLoi. topl I ays Mir. Or don. Viat are we poing to do in the moan vime, while the whole Custolms revenue ic locked up in the Federal cheat? Cacnot your Federal Treasurer draw upon ecil cl-,ny every week or every month for our pro ;-otiin Of othe cr! ttf the Federal Governma nct? Io, may eeretal Victorians and Noew Southl Wlsllhmecn, for, if itheohrquec was dishoroared, what a fix to be in. Rather complimentary, th:t, •o tie smaller colonies 1 I Mr. M'Millan might jusat as well urge that a committee of British holders of Queensland debentures and steck nhould collorut the whole of the eenuua of the colcry-- nearly four millions-pay themnselvesa £1,200.000, and hand back the balance. This is a fair intanrce of the "confidene" wmich the colonmes have in iach other, ac:d, if it wore not absurd, it would boinsulting. Mr. (Graoon anoked a few other funny little posers, hut one or two of the ero!ean old owla of senior mscmhsereasked him towithdraw hie resolutions, qnd he did as, Iua the afternoon, the whole quelibha of Stattb rights was revived, end the dhebte borderded upon disorder. Sir I. Parhcs was too " fl"--cuoning old for, that he ic-to take much partlin it; but Mr. Munro, the Premier of Victoria-one of those forcilcl.-, irascible, Scotch Highlanera : just a copy of our own John M'Maater-wanted to know, in st?aentorian tones, smiting the back of a chair with his open hand in a way which must have, been intensely painful to the emiter, why hNew Scuth Wales and Victoria, with 2,500,000 people, should be vetoed in the sc-nate by Queeoeland, Tasmania, South Australia, and \Vetern Australia, with about 1,000,000, or, adding Now Zalauad, ,i0,000 ? Tie oblvious enswer to Mr. Munro, which a child could give Ihim, was that the Senate represents State rights, and the Bouse of Commeons population -that, if population was to have in? own way, thlen it is not federation, bht "unification." Soveial speakers had a shot at Alr. lMuro, and dir T. M'llwraith plainly told him tlhat he did not khow the wishes of bis own ooloaisy; that, to get Ideration, Victoris would conast te onytht% t and that the gesble Munro did not want federation, but wanted Victoria to rpread over Auserahln. Mr. Munro, however, wae neither convionced nor comforted, but con tionued to omite the unfortunate chair worse thoan before. A very respectabledalcgato from Tnemania then told Mr. Munro that he knew Victoria nod her funny ihttle wayes-in effect Syig, '" No, you don't"--that Taemoania was ssct going into n trap if he could help it. At this time et al!pceared as if tie Convention -'ould break up, hut Mr. Russeell, of New Zealaond, iu acrveiliator?y opeo?is, inocd reportoer progresb, which wae dnc. - lThe above wase crowded out last week.] 