THE STORY-TELLER. A It AÚN TB Ö MAN". {Weekly Budget.) t commenced life as clerk to a firm c well-known country solicitors, with th hope that I might sonic day bo a*tide and got through my "exams.," and stat on iny own account. In those days lan Íer's clerks wore permit tod to appear he ore the magistrate iu trivial cases, am roy face soon became .pretty woll kcovri at the police-court of N"-. I mus decline to gire the name of the place sui the name of thc principal character o tins story, for mauy aud obvien* reason! -one being thal it is uo wish of .tuttle t< harrow up the feeling* of any relative lu may have left behind. Messrá. Parche and Ferritt, my em ployets, were , entrusted with inaaj criminnl cases-indeed half the briefs during session aud assize times wore |iro pared by them. It was part of my duty to take down the preliminary statements of prosecutors and defendants, and to fish ont Oases to be cited either, in support or extenuation of the various offences, Mino was-not always pleasant work. Sometimes I had to listen to a fearful woman who liad scraped up a little money to defend an erring eon (a remark nf one of these poor creatures became indelibly fixed on my mind-,f Ah, sir," she said, "when that lad was young, he wearied my arm, and now he has broken my heart"); àt others I had to take notes from the rasping voice of sônïé bullet hoaded, Crowing rascal who expected a "stretch,*' bnt wished it to be as short as possible. ..The corn and cattle market day at N--~-*wà8 always a busy one. People poured into the city from ail parts of the country, and gave us plenty to think about1 and do at the ofttce. Parche and Ferritt departed ia com- pany as early as possible for tho seaside to recuit their mental aud physical strength, the junior clerks went their several ways, and I, whosa duty it Was to lock up the office, and see that all was wolli remained behind to work out. some knotty point on the law of trespass, which was píen bothering my mind. - The desks were surrounded with green rep curtains, hung upon rings, so as to be moved one way pr the ether, and I was Eoring byer a law-book, when I thought I eard ^he .ringa jingle slight^ I pnt the eoiuid ^own ^ the effect of á carrent of sir, asno footfall ^iad announced' that anybody had entered the office, and I did not even take the trouble to raise my head. T-.V But suddenly;I started as a voice said 4 "Tbag yoMr pardon; can I have a few words wiro yon V tooting tip,'Î saw the face of an aged end grey4-haired mata» TUB gaslight shone full opon hb features, and I noticed that, the muscles were moving as rif the mau, had either beenruuuibg, pr suffered from chronic shortness of breath. ii'very'late," 1 replied. " Messrs Parche & Ferritt hare left, hut they will bs here early on Monday morning, ts the business yon hâve cottle upon of a very prpssjnjgnattire?" t" JüTpt sp much, yon might think, and if I . had. .written a note, it would hare 1 " answered ¿he same pnrpse. Yet"--- he hesitated for a moment-"yet I should like to say what;I havo to say now, and have.dqne with it." " Oome round," I said, " and sit down ; yon look fatigued. Why," I. added; as the whole of his figura carno within view, " it is Mr.~ Herrard ; but I am sure I did not recognise you. I snppose I must blame the gaslight for that?' My visitor was a well-known man at N-, and hé had no common sorrow to bear. Some sixteen -years previous bis wife had left in a mysterious manner, and had never been since heard of. Herrard published her description in all Lonndon papers, but in vain, and the supposed basely-deceived husband became an object of sympathy. ? 'His friends told him he ought to be thankfni that there wore no children to bear the disgrace of their mother's shaine. But as time went on the affair was for- gotten, and William Herrard, a retired jeweller, moved about, receiving no more thought or attention than an ordinary, quietly-disposod man gets in a busy place "lara not much changed either, he said, forcing a smile to his thin lips. " I want to make an appointment for ll o'olook on Monday." Where ?-here, or at your own resi- dence?" I asked. " 1 havo business to do at the police court," he replied, " and yon will find me there. Yon need not tronble to ask either of yonr governors to come, as yon can take down the statement I have to make, Did yon «ver read this book ?" He put it down on the desk-dropped it, in fao't ; And glancing. At the gaudily Ulastrated work, I rea4 the title ,TMurder "No," I replied; "I had little timo to read novels. I wish I had. What are yoa jleepiiijj round tho screen for ? There HB nothing there. Perhaps you feel a draught, and if -so, draw- your chair a little further *' I thought I saw "-? He hesitated, and then, wrenching tho chair on ono side; "I nm getting old and foolish, I think. OE course it is only faucy. I Suppose you don't believe In ghonts r' "Not Î," t responded, laughing, and Íet feeling a little uncomfortable, without oowing why ; " and I am sure you havo tired long enough' to be of tho säute opiulnn." . "There's something about a ghost In that hook," he-said, -tappingát with ilia forefinger. " I will leave it for you, as I have -read -it thor ugh: -Theüé aro-nlauy mte'resting passages in it, and it groves bayoud a doubt that the conscience of a gnilty man will raise apparitions' before his eyes. I have tnrucd dowd one par- ticular Isaf. Qood.night,-and douttJocgft Monday morning- eleveu o'clock -sharp. Having been a busy man, I am very par- ticular about appointments^ Gould volt ** -^agaiü hö hesitated in thc manner which I had marked as peculiar-" give me a glass of water ?" There was a carafe in the waiting-room',*' and I hurried to fetch it from the table. " The room was in darkness, and, as I turned, I saw William Horrard gliding, round the desk, and thongbt that ne was coming to meet me. ' ' But his eyes had à strained and.far- away expression, and his lips ware moving ! as though addressing sotheuody. . I "Mr. Herrard,'? I said; sharply, as I ! confronted hliiij glass iii hand, ."yoi! are not quito i yourself tonight, and i advise yon to go home." .. 4_.j He swept his hand across lus brow as looked at roe, and I saw that hisfaco was damp with clámuiy Perspiration. ** Ooitte.r I added. *'you mu6t have hajl j something' to upset yon today; or yqpi; wonld not behave like this, I. .begin to think that you. most have been too long in the company of acme of your told friends, 1 the farmers." " Perh8Ís---very likely»" he muttered takingtnejglass and emjbylng at greedily* "hnt I knèw what I am aboat and whatl aim saying. Mind, eléjren Véloek on»' Monday morning, ôharp-fran£ tjieretoo."i ' . . '. ; '' ^ j " Humph 1" thought L as I went back, to the desk, " Herrard'a been worshipping; Bacchus tojday. Bother the táan l he ha*1 quite put mo off my wotk." ;i ' ! And' neither" worlc dolf road dojild £'! though I strove my hardest to do eo. The j words sw^tn nuder ray; eyes; when OL pickedup a pen it slipped from my fingers, ánd I caught myself at the trick bf glanc- ing up at tile curtain, expecting not -to seo ; tue face of Herrard there, bu): another's., i Oat of patience with myself^ I fluug> « Murder Will Out" under the desk, tucked my law books and páp&rs;'undér ray arm, and went home, thinking I should get along bettor after toa and s nap. ' ! BuMgrew worse instead of better, >& faced the room and fidgctted about until 1 thought that I was goihg to be ill. Tm? ! ticking bf tho clock annoyed mo; hud Î; stopped it. The eyes of - the ¿¡pw trait ot j some relajón of my landladyfs seemed tip j follow me about, until I had to restrain! myself from smashing it; arid at last %¡ put on my hat, determined'tosigo to tbfej theatre to shake off the uqaccoühtobjfcj Sensations which assailed më.:V '???H Thepiöco wasof the gloomiest character,, performed by unhappy-looking '.mem and' women, who seemed determined to put tlijéj worst'Construction on the parts' allottpd; to them. The leading tragedjau, a stáge¡ villiau of the worst degree, revelled in the; horrors lie had to commit; the despairing heroine shrieked with ; realistic -terror and even the inevitable lbw comedian liad something blood-curdling to say. ¡ At the end of the second act I went ont, dispirited and disgusted, calling myself a fool for not having noticed that the play-: bill announced "The Hangman of Toulon ' and passed into a supper roonC where I hoped to meet with somebody I knew who would cheer me up with a chat. I called for a steak, which' I1 could not eat, and a pint of stont, which was sound and good enough, but to my palate was os bitter gall. People carno and went, but noso^f^my-^u^ainta^ had claimed me for its own, andi I west- home the most miserable and dejected, man within the city walls; I asked myself the reason a hundred times, but could find no solution to the the question ; and as in bed I tossed and tumbled, I cursed Herrard, his appointment with nae, and the' book he had brought to the office. " But I am the greatest idiot," I .said. " If I were a child ¡with some tragic story fresh in my mind, I might behave myself like this ; but I who have seen the seamy side of lifo in almost every phase, and« taken everything as a matter of course,' onght to have my head punched,4' ' '\\\ Then there arose before rae many a form and face I had seen standing in the dook. Bollon murderers, felons with crime' stomped upon theirhrows, women fehrlek ; ing formercy, women faintlnglnthe arma, of warders, TOero%d8 .ana ^bilig'llke dOifs ^W^m from their délibérations, and criminals so familiar, alas, with the routine of prison ? lifo -that they heard their sentences uu moved, and weut to their punishment with as Httlo emotion ns honest folk go to tuoli'däilytöiL But foremost of all these ¿onus waVj that of William Horrard. It stood out from the rest, and refused tobe dismissed. There it was, over pressing its. way to the front, now near the window, now near the door, and then leaning over the bed.rall and regarding wo pensively. I believe that Í shonld hare gone mad if I had Iain in bed throughout that awful night; 1 fose about two in the morning, lighted the candles; and, taking up a book, " iorcod myself to read imtíí the sin dis- persed tho filiaqows of the night, and iwokoall Mature, to. life and activity. With thé freshening, breedo Jtllo flowers shook the dewdrops from their ardöpirig' heads, and the birds sang so blithly that I called myself doubly a fool for allowing "^^^^ct^^^iwidi I, as I splashed about like a porpoise luv/my "tub" "IE must get out of thc place for today at lëâôt. À long ramble où tho seashore will do the trick, and make d iiëw utan of me." \- Dressed again, and after a sóróowhát hurried breakfast, I took the first train to Y-. The carriages were crowded with jaded folks, who drank in the pnre country air, as if it were nectar j and when at last tho journey came to an end, it was a treat to soe the happy faces df the people as they made fdr the long stretch of ¿olden strand;, which was for tiver re-èchoiugf the unceasing vdicó of tile- oceaüi I had not gone far before I had descried the figure of a niau a long way ahead on à deserted poi*ticn tíf the1 beacfij He stood ont in- bold, .silhouette reliejE against the deep-blue sky, and though he was fully half a milo away from me, I could see that he was walking restlessly np and down, with his head bowed, aqjl his arms hanging listlessly at his side! ri t put bini down to be a,convalescent who preferred solitude to the? society of pleasure-seekers ; but suddenly I stopped, and with feelings I cannot djsscrlbe-^ui man was uo other than William Her raj i It was, to'say the least, a strange coin- cidence that I should find him' here ; but he did not seem to think sol'for, seeing me, he advanced quietly until, we stood faceto face» A . "I came down by the midnight train," fae said,.quietly, "and I have been waiting for you here. I knew that I would see yod/; .. Y .; " You knew that you would sea uleí1' I gasped. . «'..? ?' " Tes, I dreamt it. I ssw you coming to meet meas plainly as I Bee you now that you arc hero. I don't'tiiiukr Von could have kept away if you had tried.,' . " Well." said I, laugh lng!-in spite'of myself, "all I eau say is that it was not until five^ o'clock this morning that I made up my mind to go anywhere.", \\. "That may beso," he retuned, '.'but fate is fate, and it is not in the power of manto escape from his destiny even rin trivial things. I have no wish to detain you-indeed I wish to be alone. TTiider '.any other circumstances I wji&ld; ask'.1 yob to dine with me, but you would not catie to think you had sat at the same table with me, and you will know the reason Why tomorrow." i f ' ' ; ; I was more convinced than ever that ihe poor old man was going out iof his mind, and did not care to leave him, jas I caught him looking at the sea "in a «manner that suggested to my mind that the'temptation need not be great to make ^him plunge I headlong into tho billows. '.V's i "Ton had better come with me," -I isaid. " Lower down the beach there aro plenty of faces familiar to you. And I tell /on what it is," I blurted out, " you are to see a docter, and not go prowling about away from everybody as if you had committed a murder." ¡f He put out his hand as if to clutch my wrist, but turned upon his heel and walked swiftly away, leaving me, as it were rooted to the earth. I wished now from the bottom of my heart that I had never set foot in Y-, and, as for William Herrard, Í muttered some unkind things about, him as I re- turned to the busy part of the beach anti ^eel^iLtb*»afaay^ some casual acquaintámces7añaruiscñssmg ;thè ordinary topicsof the day; ' ., | '. Night found me back at N--, andf let me confess it, the wretched hours I had ipreviously spent caused me to put ou an jadditional night cap, in the form of a stiff ! glass of whiskey and water. I My slumber was dreamless and sound, ¡and I awoke in better spirits and a plighter heart. I had not been long at the 'office before-1 received a tölegram from my employers, stating that they would not put in an appearance until noontide, and requesting mo to look after sundry little matters within reach of my legal knowledge. . . ' At half-past ten I put some papers together with the view bf calling upon another goiter on tho way to the Guild«: hall. AsTwas awangtog the documents in the proper order,*-tuo door opened *' I have just stepped down," he said " to say that William Heerard wishes t eco you at once." "Mr. Herrard," I replied, with om phasis on the prefix, " has already madi an appoint mont with rae {or ll o'clock.1 " I beg your pardon air," he said, " bu we gonorally call prisoners by thoir name only/' " Prisoners !" tho papers fell in ft dis ordered heap upon the door. " Yes, sir. Herrard gave himself ni an heur ago, and ho stands charged, 01 his own confession, with haviug minderet his wife sixteen vears ago. ou this verj dato/' "Oh, nouseusol" said I. "Mr. Her rard is not himself. He called here ot Saturday evening, and I saw him at Y-r-; yesterday, and on both occasions I wat strack by the 6trangness of' his manner I think, Mr; Atkins, you that a medics! man had better áeíf hi triinstead of myself/ " I ain only. obeying ordefe/' iae in- spector replied, '?and, of course, you will do as you please with regard to seeing '? him. He spoke rationally enough when he came to the . station, .but said that bc desired to make a more lengthy statement to you, the representative of his legal advißörs." "Very well" I said. "I supposé I must humour -him, thoilgli he is mad beyond a doubt. Look bore, Mr. Ai&ins; you had better place a man within easy call of the cell, as the poor old roan's de lbsions-may cause him -to fly into a freney, and I have no desire to be seized ? by the throat, or anything of that kind. I will go With yotl at Once, and get this disagree áble ¿db drer." Inspektor Atkins smiled at my request) as I was a broad-sllOUldetied, stfOug young Ípllow, who had held my own in hosing, lûàuagi thid ¿wWmínV., Few were tho words exchanged between1 xii on th'o way to the station, where-I askeu to eeo William Herrard's confession. [It waa aijnple_enough, taken dowjRjat. his own dictation, and ran as folio wa:-% William Herrard, of S-r- street, JN"--r-,. äo hereby declare that pu the morning of londay, 20 th July, 3$-, I did kill my rife Henrietta, and that since .the cora «àittai of the deed I have known neither rest nor peace of mindi her form having i eyer been before mei asleep or awake, j (Signed) WiÚÚL&fc;É H^EEÀKt)'."1 '-"There,*' said ^^inting to the last words of the confession, " it does not need a'wise head to tell that the unfortunate niau is not in a proper state of mind. He, afir.Herrard,; commit murder! ; Tho idea is too ridiculous toetitertriin for.ri moment. When I was quito & boy, I remember Mrs. gerrard, and she ? was very kind to me ; but I fear the reports which were circu ? látéd» about her were only too trnó. Well" -sïerhinfi'-" let me sen hiinl" The chief constable had been hastily summoned to the station, - laud he, calling the gaoler escorted nie to the ceil. The dim. light struggling through a^small torrad window near the ceiliug Of William Herrara. iSe bad asked to be supplied with writing materials and a anbali .table, and lie was eo busy with the pen that he seemed unaware of ray presence-until the chief constable informed him of the facti " Mr. Hitchiugs,?' he said, petulantly, "there is a sounding-board orer the cell door, and I wish it to the taken down. It is not fair that your men should have the opportunity of hearing the conversation which will pass 'between this gentleman and myself." "You shall have your own way," the chief constable replied, "although it is rather, out of order." " Out of order, when I intend to give instructions for my defence ?" " Ob, come," thought I, " this is better. He is coming round to his senses, and has repented of his folly already." The sounding-board was lifted down from the chains which held it at an angle, and I was alone with the self-charged prisoner. " Are you sure," he said, " that nobody is loitering about outside P" " Quite," I replied, sitting down on a bench that ran along the wall, and did duty for a bed. "1 thought you would have been satisfied with the removal of the sounding-board." " So I am," he responded, " but only to a certain extent. These officials have sharp ears, and know .how to use them. I have given myself np, but I am an old. man, and although I wished to be punished for my crime, I should like it tobe reduced to manslaughter. I did not start life as a bad man, and I don't wan't to be hanged like a dog. Let me have a few years of repentance in some place where I am pay iug an extreme penalty. Liberty is a curse to me; I don't deserve to be free among honest men. Let them chain me, ' starve mo if they will ; but don't let them carry mo to the scaffold. I am Un old man, a very old man, and my punishment has been more than I can bear under the sunlight and ampi the haunts of men." He buried his face in his hands for a few moments, and then rising suddenly, wont to the door and listened. " You think me mad,*' he continued, as he returned to the table» umA I have boen < wad; buljtamoano now. If your: eyes were open as mine are, you would iaiut with horror at the sight that is before mc/' I turned Cord, shuddered, and glancing^ instinctively at tire' door, wished myself well on the other side of it.' " Henrietta and I were Wtí!l-matehed,'f bo returned. " We had not besn married many months before I know that she" lovoii the money I had slaved for, aud not myself. i "Her heart was in the keeping of anoílfar' nfrfn, who lef t tho country on the; very day 1 pWfc tire ring orí he* finger. Wo had many quarrell, and during dag ehe told me to my fa?e that hot friends had {lersuaded her to marry me, Util that hw i fe was a curse and misery to hei/, alöcC our union had driven the only man she had cared for across the seas. "I Btood staring at her as she unido this confession, with every drop of blood tingliug in my veins. 1 did not speak, , my throat seemed to have closed up, and ' I breathed with so much difficulty that I knew ray fa ie Wno turning black, and that tho veins lipon my brovr were standing out like wfàpteord. " ' So,' I contrived tc articulate at kat, 'you married me for roy money, that I might help your poverty-stnCSsu friends, , that they might clothe and bette! tuena' 1 selves upon m'y gold F " ' Tour money !' she cried, contemptu- ously. ' I hate it, aha loathe the food it Mys*. Yo« shall ace, William Herrard, that I can be Careful and return td you, withiull interest, stfch sttmo as you iö«y think you have leut or giveri m'y p&opf;á" " She was as good as her word; Eier* first act was to dismiss the servant, her' second to cut down expenses, until we ex- isted like people living from hand to mouth. Ho luxury that I ever brought home would she ever touch, and at last the gulf between us' was so wide that we spoke to ô'atfb other only when absolutely necessary. , ' , ' " It jfs a! miserable story, and % seci fyjf jronr^facd tbflft you that you think it é conteníptible ônë. ^^^T'^mmtkl! j^bat.'it vs îôr man andr #i£o <# ba' conV tinually at variance with eac^ "othorV Love flown, no harmony of spirit or idea, no smile of welcome« - Heaven knows,- it is a cruel wrong that such , people should ever meet. "Time went on. I absented mysèU sometimes for days together, going were) sudden impulse prontj¡t9á ttÍ6¿ 4tóa pray that one or the other of tis might die/ lot life was unbearable-tfold^ cruel, ind hopeless. . " One day, after such a journey, 1 re. turned to sty miserable iioube. I bad a duplicate key, and after pausing in' ibo garden to look at a well I bad ordered "to be bricked in, and which the men had just cormrieticed; I let myself in. ; "My wife iras dosent, and I (bought that she might hate gone id hör' f riëHds, as she sometimes did, withoij^ consulting me. Suddenly my eyes were attracted td, some fragments of paper lying in the grate, and for the want of something to do, I picked them up, and began putting them together, just as 4 little child witt play aimlessly with the pieces of a pózale" it does not understand. " By degrees I mads ont a word here" and there, and then a liue. The letter was from my'wife's first sweetheart, and if ever a man saw red' then, I was that man. I was drunk with madness and the thought of revenge; " I gloated over the thought of meeting har, and I raved, shouted; and danced, I believe in my delirium. Night came, but Henrietta did not appear, and it*was not until a late hour that I heard the gardon gate open. I flew out Of the house to meet her, and as we stood face to lace, oue bitter word escaped my lips. " ' It it false !' she replied ; * the man you speak of has taught me a lesson which 1 intend to take to heart. Toa have not read the letter. Oh, William, keep those awful eyes off me ; you look like« fiend!" " ' And a fiend yon have made of me,' I said, seizing ber by the throat. 'Though you have been no wife to mc, you shall not make yourself iufamous with my paltry rival.' "'Far love of the mercy that comes from heaven,' she cried, ' let me speak. Don'tkillme, William. Don't kill mel' - "'Down there, and tell yonr lying story;' I hissed, pushing her over the brink of the well. ~ ! heard only one cry, for I stopped my ears to the awful sounds which I knew must follow, as the well was more than a hundred feet deep, and its decayed machinery had fallen into the black pit long before I took the house. " I ran from the accursed spot, followed by her spectre. I was mad, but calmly mad, and from that moment Btarted making inquiries of her whom I had killed, First I went to her friends's house, and sternly demanded my wifo. They told me she had started hours be« fore, andi went to the police station this very one-and made inquiries. The city was scoured throughout; the night, all the next day, and on the following one a dozen advertisements stated that if , * Henrietta Herrard would return home, !hev husband was ,wíllí»g to receive her, aud te forgot aud forgive? " ». ? I " This disarmed suspicion, aud though ? the detectives visited my place, they never > f.i thought fit tb examine the well. I showed one or two fragments of the lotter from abroad, and rey came to the conclusion that my wife had quitted the country. But the rest of tho letter I kept. The manwhom. I thought I had every reason io hate had written to say that he was himself marrièâ, and hoped that my wife , was happy with me. j "The workmen pama and bricked in \- tho well. They whistled aud sang as they toiled, little dreaming of. what was deep down, shut from their eyes. . From than to now I have lod the lifo ot a~haunted tnao. ^Henrietta has always : bien atjmy side. She was with me when' I called at the ofilia on Saturday night, . with me when Tatood on thc lonely sea ' shore, and she is here now. Look! ». - : look ! As I speak she glides fioftjy. to my - side, aud beckons with a ghostly finger." ' I shuddered, aud -recoiled from Iii m as I saw thei mark of ^ftroejoatlisopie; plague. upon-his-haggard-face, and stammered out: ... " I have heard' enough. What woiild yon have us do-defend you." V'^CS'Î $>9cauñi?Ht is not',mnrdcr. I killed her, it is trna; but, a's Ï thought, under the greatest provocation that n roan . can receive. What's that ? Was it yoi» who said I lied. P" William Herrará clutched my wrist, < and, glaring like a fiend into my face, held me as iu a vice." " If I thought yon would betray mc by word or deed," be hissed, "you-yon should oie vor leave this place alive. Do *ydu*4feár P? Î have êùffered^ongh R>r my sin. 1 have boon more miserable than tongue can tell, and I will not be hauged like a dog." " Hr- Herrard," I replied, .trying to epenk calmly, " you must know perfectly welt that solicitors or their ropresetatives are in honour bound never to divulgo a single word.that a clieut inaymyorwrite. . WJiat have-you. writing, here j1''...... He released me to pick up the papers, eayjug : ':. f "I have inon settHug "my * worldly affairs, as I know that.I cannot live long. See, iu reparation for the awful mistake I made, I have left everylhing to my dead wife's relatives. ' Hs vo I not done well? -is* not that sufficient ? She does not think eo. Her spirit will not go to its rest. It remains with me always alwavs-alwav8 !" He broke down, sobbing' like a child, aud I took the Opportunity to say that it wan ti'!» togo. William Herrard made no reply, and I racgr the boll, and Was glad euoug to find myself in tho charge room agaiu. *. What do you ihjuk of your client ?" the chief constable asked. " Mad-undoubtedly mad," I repUed. "It is a curions thing to say," Mr. R'tellings rejoined, "but for his own sake, 1 ¡hopo he is. We iiavo known: him so long as a quiet, respected mau that-" I turned away without hearing any more, for I was sick at heart, and longed for the suulght and the faces of busy people. - " tipace will Uot allow me to describe tho varions appearance of William Herrard and the remands from week to week. " I killed my wife," he eaid over and over again.. On all else he was dumb, and so were we. Vb is an established fact that no man can be tried for murder unless the body, or part thereof, of the victim comes to light, and is, identified beyond dispnte; and people, believing in Herrard's insanity, fully believed that he would be merely pnt under restraint for a short.|ime, and set at liberty again, But in the meantime the détectives were putting their heads together and hard at work. Experienced péá from London camé down, and not a niche or canny of Herraras premises wai left unnoticed. The well was opened, men descended by long ladders, and found the Skeleton of :a jvp^nr«lptbed^u rotting raja's, a brooch^ articles, "^rowng^ beypn|' ^pbg that Herrard's confession was no inaabiao's story. He was committed for trial. The assizes came on, and a renowned Q C- was engaged to defend him ; but all the argu- ments and eloquence in the world could not eave the wretched man; . He was found guilty and condemned tq death. \- - When asked in the usual form whether ho had anything to say, he pointed to the well of the court. «'Nothing, my lord," he replied. ''I ? ' mérelyij»riah say that the sprit of my wife has beim sillwgby the side of the I shall never forged thj^horrified look on the barrister's 1»JB|>S t^&Wif;âéJÈk The evening before the execution of William Horrard arrived, and my foot wore drawn towards the-gaol** -A.-waggon laden with timber« stood, outside gfor. ¿he. construction otf^lieÄ^fäl^ojiino of death, bat tho menjfe^jsharffesat Idly arrived. . '"??,y¿ ' . I WM »ot^J/ jkoiig M°«ty Afin - ponderous gate's «irirog 0000; and *, warder cauto out, aud, knowing nie well, came np. " I am thankful to say sir," he said, " that the ghastly task will be spared us tomorrow. It is no secret now, so I can speak without reserve. William Herrard is dead." " Committed suicide ?" I ejaculated. " How could he commit suicide, sir, when he had be3n continually watched by two warders ? He lay down to sloep, as they thought, this afternoon, and when they tried to rouse him to take his eveuiug meal, the found that he had gone from au earthly tribuutl to the greatest and high- est of all." ' * # # * * # My story, with all its faults, is told, but I havo endeavoured to tell it plainly, and, however the readers may- condemn its construction, I have written what I experienced and felt. lu a word, the story of " A Haunted Mau " is a,trué one. 