AS OCEAK' SECRET; A STEASGE STOBT I Commenced in the £ vesikg News of Monday, 11th May. 'J [All Eights Reserved. ] INTENTS OP CHAPTEES Nos. XXXIX. -ro JLLVHL Chapter XXXIX.~-Nelly Farrell denounces Amos Bobinson as a murderer. XL. — 'Loftus Fitzgerald, alias Amos Robinson, I arrest you on the cb&rge; of ?wilful murder,' XLI. — ' Oh God ! he is a murderer, and I am his murderess 3' 3XH.-— Winay is threatened by her landlady to be turned into the streets. XLin.— ' You are bis wife, and I was to have been bis wife, that is the only difference/* XLIV. — Constable Jones and Jock Murray, the Newsboy, turn up once more. XLV. — Jock Murray, the Newsboy, fails to keep bis appointment. XL vX — Constable Jones bestirs himself. — The Arrest of Nelly Farrell. XLVH. — Winny makes a terrible discovery, and is tortured with cruel doubts and fears. XLVIH.~DeBerted and doubted by all, even by his own wife. CHAPTER JXYTS. KELLY FABKEIi DENOUNCES AMOS ROBINSON AS A. MUKDEBEB. Winny found her husband staring in at a painter and paper-hanger's window next door as though it contained all the wonders of the Indies, and they had astonished him into forgetfuiness of his very existence. She touched his arm to attract his atten tion, and then linked her own within it, and led him away, for he had seemingly lost all power of volition. When they had proceeded a few steps, as he etill spoke not a -word, she asked him if he was ill, and, jumping at the sugges tion, he declared that he felt the effects of an old sunstroke that he had received at the diggings, and supposed it was owing to the greater heat than he had of late been accustomed to. He went on to explain that ' on such occasions his brain grew confused, he didn't rightly know what he was about, and that it was a positive pain to even try to think of anything.' Of course this confession fully accounted — to Winny — for the strangeness of his conduct in the solicitor's office that they had just quitted, and she became all ten der commiseration at once. At her solicitation they took a car, so as to get back to their lodgings 'without fatigue,' as she expressed it ; but after he had mounted into one, Amos sank into a perfectly torpid state, until, on suddenly looking up, he found that they were ex actly opposite to the gaol, the driver having made somewhat of a detour by way of Franklin-street (instead of following La Trobe-street) into the Victoria Parade, doubtless with a view to increasing his fare. The sudden and unexpected sight of the grim and sombre looking building, which so soon might become his home unless he was very careful how he played his cards, and unless he was favored with a consider able share of luck into the bargain, drew a deep groan from the miserable schemer, whilst his face, which up to that moment had. been considerably flushed, turned as white as that of a corpse. 'Is the gent ill?' asked the carman, sympathetically. ' Yes, very ill,' responded Winny, almost in tears, ' Do get us home as quickly as you can.' The driver proving willing 10 minutes more brought them to their lodgings In Gfertrude-street, when Amos leapt to the ground as though nothing whatever was the matter with him, and then assisted his wife to alight, in turn. The carman paid, the Robinsons went indoors, and found tea laid, and of course jam and sardines were on the table, Mel bourne fashion. Amos declared that he must have a drop of brandy in kis tea, a taste that he had. never previously developed, and as he drank four cupfuls, one after the other, and took brandy, not exactly by drops, in each of them, he Boon gained the Butch courage, which, in default of the genuine article, he felt that he stood so much in need of. It gave him back his for awhile vanished high spirits, though only in\fitful bursts ; but Winny was thankful even for that, be cause she concluded therefrom' that 'he must be feeling better. She was much surprised, when 9 o'clock Btruck, to hear him express a determina tion to 'take a couple of hours' stroll,' as he phrased it ; amd yrken she answered him to the effect that she ' would go and put' on her hat,' to Meit With, the cold and cynical rejoinder that 'jjfc wauld not do for ladies to walk the Melbourne Btreeta, even with their husbands, at such a time ' therein ne stated what was untrue. Her husband had never left her alone of an evening before, and. Winny keenly felt I his doing so on this their first one Sn a. I strange land. / . - » I She nevertheless, with a forced smile, I bad him 'go and enjoy iimseU,' and -with I a yet more forced laugh lie took hie depar I tore, for he felt a wild longing to -be alone,' I if only to be able to throw off fofc a wnile I the mask that he was obliged to wear when I ia his wife's company. ^ . V I He WaB also asxidtts to visit some ofctis I old1' haunts, in the hope of there -coming I across some one who -would be willing, I for a consideration, to swear to hie'- Being I Amps Robinson, so that the testimony of I Mr. Cro«k, the Bendigo Bolicitor, inrhp I would of course detect him as an impostor j I at ofacermigto;oe ''^$$or£f& with. :] \ Of course he had. no idea of disclosing 'who- he really was during any ' such negotiations, for a bird in the hand being worth two in the bush the five hundred pounds Government reward offered for the apprehension of Lpftus FitzGerald might be considered preferable even to a thousand proffered by himseif for a sworn statement that he was Amos Robinson, the payment being conditional upon its, procuring him what he required, the fingering of his wife's fortune. He hadn't got far, however, when, he felt in urgent need of a fresh nerver and inspirer, the effects of the brandy he had taken in his tea having begun to wear off, and his Dutch courage to evaporate along with it, so, having arrived at the Corner of La Trobe and Stephen streets, he turned into the 'Olive Branch,' kept by one Charlie Wright, who -was also proprietor of the Canterbury Music Hall in Great Bourke-street, and Kad a glass of steam ing hot rum and water, which made him feel so amch his former self that no sooner did he find himself in the street once snore than he pulled a Chinaman's pigtail for a lark, laughed over the Celestial's agonised grimaces, and then, as he walked down Stephen-street, kept up a running fire of chafE with the wretched girls and women who sat on their front doorsteps clad in the very lowest of lowr-necked dresses, often sleeveless as well, like spiders -waiting to tempt the unwary into their too often deadly webs. Their freely displayed charms had no attraction for Amos Robinson, however, who, with all liis faults, was certainly in love with his own wife. But it relieved his mind to 'exchange light jesting words with anyone who would answer him in the same straix, and all these girls were light of speech, no matter how heavy of heart. At last, however, he got out of Stephen street into Bourke-street, which was all gas-glare and moving crowd, Tne fronts of the Polytechnic and of the Duke of Edinburgh Theatre were bril liantly illuminated, and ' Paddy's ' Mar ket was still ablaze with flaring naphtha lamps, and a very Babel of discordant sounds as well. Briskly and jauntily he walked down the opposite side of the noble thoroughfare, but started and came to a dead stop when he found himself in front of the bar of the Australia Felix Hotel. But for that glass of rum and water at Charlie Wright's he' would have avoided the place as dangerous, but it had made him bold, almost defiant in fact, and he muttered to himself, ' Bah, there's no chance of her knowing me, altered as I am, and I long to see how she looks, poor girl.' Self-conimuning thus he entered the bar, rapped on the gleaming mahogany counter with the head of his cane, and directly one of the three barmaids looked round, he once more ordered a glass of hot rum and water. Such a demand had astonished no one at Charlie Wright's, where ' hot and strong' was the normal condition of things all the year round, but hot -rum and water on a sultry summer's evening, when nearly everyone was going in for iced drinks,,, attracted general attention in Bourke etreet. Amos, in fact, drew nearly every eye upon him by the strange order he had given, and amongst others Nelly Farrell'B, who, as head barmaid, came over to apolo gise because they ' had no hot water ready, not fancying that it would be called for.' ' Cold will do quite as well,' Amos replied in an assumed voice, though he had used it now for so long a time that it might almost have been called his natural one. He looked hard in Nelly's face through his smoke- colored glasses as he spoke, and she looked back at him, but he was re joised to find that there was not the least recognition in her calm regard. He was almost equally pained, however, upon perceiving tnat she really did look ill, most wretchedly ill, and that the ex pression of her face denoted grief and sorrow rather than mere bodily suffer ings. ' I am the cause of this,' he reflected remorsefully, for his heart was still occa sionally soft and tender, and he had al ways been very fon.d of Nelly, from the time when she had been his proud and ar rogant sister-in-law's nursery governess, and; he had preserved her from being branded aB a. thief, and perhaps imprisoned as one in addition, though it is but fair to state that he had never really loved her as a man loves a woman whom he would wish to make his -wife, even though upon two or three occasions he had fancied he did for perhaps five or ten minutes at a stretch. He was Btill remorsefully meditating over Nelly's changed appearance, when she returned to him with his nobbier of rum and water. She placed it on the bar counter in front of him, received payment therefor, and was about to turn away when, her eyes suddenly lighted up with a strange expression, and she faced \t\m once more. *' Heavens 1 I'm recognised 1' was his sudden thought and fear, and to conceal his face, and gather a fresh stock of nerve and courage, he raised - his glass to his lips, and slowly drank bfE half its con tents. '? . ? - He kept his eyes on Nelly all the time, however, and was much relieved to per ceive that her regard did not after all seem to be one of recognition ; in fact it ap peared to be directed at his hand rather than at his face, and though the fact was a puzzling one, it was by no means alarm ing. ' ' o .''?'?_ *' What a . beautiful diamond ring you wear, sir!' Nelly exclaimed, as he put the1 glass down, in tones of Teal or affected admiration. 'Will /yon allow me to look atitf' ?-.' ?;?;? ???- - ?-????; ' Oh, certainly,7', answered Amos, as he held out hisliand. ? '..-' ; 'The question surprised him, coming from Nelly, though had, any other barmaid asked It 'twould not have done so in. the least,., for colonial. Vbaxnoaide, 'although iji point^of feet as modest -and proper in their conduct as most girls, liaye. a taicfc of speaking with great familiarity to ' perfect strangers j indeed; there 'is . little or no reservi? ; Vet^eeil' ; ; tiie' *,§: iee ' % '. ^siBiarJaiia-j,. but ItdoeBn*t*eem. to work the least harm, morally or *ocially. ..;, ?;? :.-?.- . , ? --. ..;. ??/:.??- ? '' Nelly FarxeU looked closely at ©ndpre *_-??;?'??'?;? tended to greatly admire ? the magnificent diamond, as well as the somewhat elabo rate chasing of the gold setting^ which, she seemed to examine even more than she did the gem, and the reader will doubtless remember that this was the riag which (aB well as the diamond pin that he w»re in. his cravat) our hero had taken from the corpse of the veritable Amos Robinson on the raft, after his legs had been torn clean off him and devoured by the shark. ' I never saw a mor» beautiful ring,' tiie barmaid said, at last, ' and how curiously your initials are engraven in the gold — S.3. I cannot imagine what names they can stand for except Samuel Smiles, the author of « Self Help, ' ' She laid a marked stress on the las,fc two words, and regarded the possessor of the ring with a scrutiny so keen and piercing that he fairly winced under it. ' You are really just a little too clever, miss,' he however made answer, throwing as much sarcasm as he could into his tone 5 ' for what you take to be letters are simple ornamental flourishes.' He had no doubt hut that this statement would be believed, because despite the thousands of times that he himself had looked at the ring, he had always imagined that the marks were flourishes, and he knew, as who does Inot, that a flourish often takes almost the exact shape of the letter S. 1 But though he made the statememt with I a calmness , and a positiveness that were ; more than sufficient to allay any woman's I suspicions, no sooner had he done so than i a look of positive terror came into his face, I and turning sharp round, he darted out of I the bar into the street as though the ghost of the dead Amos was in pursuit of him. No sooner had he disappeared than Nelly Farrell clasped her hands together, exclaiming : ' The murderer at last ! I akv sure of it. His own cowardice has betrayed him even more than his victim's ringl' The words seemed to be absolutely wrung from her. She was, in 'fact, un conscious of having uttered them until a young soldier, with the stripe of a lance corporal on his sleeve, and who had entered one of the many compartments of the bar a moment before the mock Amos Robinson had flown with such precipitation out of the adjoining one, bent over towards her, and said : ' Are you sure the fellow is a murderer who has just bolted away ? If so I'll catch up with him and hand him over to the police.' ' Do, for God's sake, do ! You will clear the honor of an innocent man if you only will/' was Nelly Farrell's almost hysterical reply. But the soldier, who happened to be no other than Jim Ballinger, did not wait to hear the conclusion of her speech, lest the man whom ehe had denounced should get too long a start of him. He never suspected who he was pursu ing, though he had been recognised at once, and hence the sudden panic that had prompted his erst rival's precipitate flight, momentary terror having robbed him of the recollection that he had so thoroughly changed his outward appearance long after, by specious misrepresentations, he had driven Jim Ballinger from his home. The young soldier was therefore merely acting in the interests of society at large, in what he had undertaken to do, despite which fact he felt sorely chagrined, upon leaping, as it were, into the street, through the swinging bar door, to find that the ' caTrotty-headed scoundrel,' as 4.e men tally dubbed him, was nowhere to be seen. (to be continued.) ['Commenced in the Evekikq News of Moadar, 11th Har.1 