CHECKMATED. BT CAPTAIN L'ESTEASGB. The world had gone wrong with me lately, so to speak. I, Gerald Mortimer, a young man about town, a member of two West-ena clubs, and of expensive if not extravagant tastes, had quarrelled with my uncle—the only living relative I had, excepting a half-cousin— from whom hitherto I had received a handsome quarterly allowance, a::d. as the phrase goes, had " great expectations." But this was not the worst of it. I was desperately in love with a very pretty girl, and though no actual engagement existed between us, I had fondly believed I was acceptable not only to the yonng lady in question, but to her parents. Now, however, to add to my chagrin at finding myself comparatively without means, 1 fancied, rightly or wrongly, that I was receiving the '*' cold shoulder" from the father and mother of my adorable Mabel. To live and clothe myself decently, pay the somewhat heavy subscription to my two clubs, and keep up the aforementioned rather expensive tastes, I had just two hundred pounds a year—the rental of a small landed property bequeathed to me by my late father. My debts, to be sure, were neither overwhelming nor particularly pressing. A couple of hundred or so would pay them; but then, again, that couple of hundred was twelve mouths' income. This uncle of mine, my dead father's elder brother, from whom my chief source of income had been derived, was a couutiy squire, with a big rent-roll, jovial and hospitable as a rule, but eccentric to a degree. The mischief between us had come about as unexpectedly as it was sudden. I had been accused of that of which I was as innocent as a babe, and in hotly repudiating the charge had given dire offence. However, although parting in anger, it was not untQ my monetary allowance was stopped that I realised the bitterness of the quarrel. John'Mortimer, my half-cousin, was a young ellow about a year or two my junior; but somefhow, although so near of an age, as well as being relatives and frequently meeting, we had never taken kindly to each other. And now I shrewdly 6uspecte"d that whatever of mischief had stepped between my uncle and me had been wrought by Master Jack Mortimer, and deterthat it should not be my fault if he were not brought to book. However, after what I have written, and much more, having been the subjects of my thoughts for some days, 1 determined to make a last effort to set matters right with my uncle. I had been accused of gambling—of having lost upwards of five hundred jpounds at cards at one sitting—which was utterly false; for whatever my failings, the curse of gambling could not be reckoned amongst them. One spring morning, after a night journey of a couple of hundred miles from town, found me at the nearest railway station to my uncle's manor, with no luggage beyond a small travel- _ling bag and a rag. The little market town where I alighted was but five miles from the Hall, and breakfasting at the one decent hotel in the place, I elected to walk the distance, leaving my encumbrances in charge of the landlady, to whom I was well known. On the way, and especially when I arrived at tho park, the unpleasant feeling was strong upon me that my uncle might decline to grant me the interview which I now sought. Like the generality of hot-tempered people, his passion , was soon oyer ; and yet, when disposed, he could | . m l n ' magistrates had proved on tcany occasions. But to my agreeable surprise I was told, after ray arrival had been announced by one of the old servants—a strange experience to me than to have to send in my name—that "the squire would come to me in the library at once. * Whatever feeling of hope might have been in my heart as to a reconciliation between us suddenly left it as my uncle entered. His handsome and usually kiudly old face was dark with displeasure, and there was a cold, contemptuous glance in his blue eyes as they met mine which I had never seen before 1 " Have you no sense of shame left, Gerald Mortimer," he said, in a hard voice, after he had closed the door behindhim, " that you have the effrontery to come to this house?—you, who have disgraced the name you bear—disgraced the memory of your gallant father, who died for his country—and have committed a vulgar crime against society and me ?" " I fail to understand you, sir," I rejoined utterly astounded at his words. " If you are alluding to the accusation you made against me as to gambling, I repudiate it now as I did before. In fact, I am here to-day to try" "Pshaw!" he interrupted. "Honest men have gambled; and in time I might have forgiven it, if you had stopped at that, and shown your regret for what had pissed. But you— you, a Mortimer—to stoop to forgery." " It is false," I cried—" false as the other charge. And whoever has poisoned your mind against me, lies in his teeth !" " Gerald Mortimer, do not add falsehood to your other misdeeds," continued the squire ; '• for, unhappily, I hold the proof that you, my own nephew, have forged my name." And, as he spoke, my uncle took from the breast of hi6 shooting-jacket, a letter, from which, when unfolded, he produced a smaller piece of paper. " Examine that, sir," he added. " and let me hear if you have the effrontery to likewise deny your own signature?" I could scarcely credit my own eyesight when I looked at what was written within. It was a dishonoured acceptance for six hundred pounds, drawn a little over three months before upon Richard Mortimer, Esquire, and signed Gerald Mortimer, and apparently duly accepted by my uucle. " Well, sir," asked he, impatiently, " what have you to say I" " That I have never seen this document before to-day," I answered. " What!'' he thundered. " Do you dare to deny to me your own signature, wmch I know as well as I do my own 2" _ "I do deny it "' I added, passionately. " The signature is so good an imitation of mine that under ordinary circumstances it might deceive even myself; but I swear to you, sir, that I never drew or accepted a bill in my life." I think that my uncle believed me, for the whole expression of his face changed; but, still, as he took the bill from me he glanced at it again and again with a puzzled look, for, as will presently appear, there was some confirmatory evidence in his mind, in addition to the handwriting. Seeing that he hesitated, and was not just then disposed to speak, I added: " Will you please tell mo, sir, all that has transpired, so far as you are are aware, in connection with that forged acceptance!" " Yes," he reph'ed, " that is only fair. As I understand it was presented in due course to the London agents of my bankers, who, having received no instructions, declined to pay it. On being communicated with, I repudiated all knowledge of such draft, until, to my horror, I learned that it bore your signature, when, to save the honour of our family, I gave instructions that it should be taken up. At the same time I desired that inquiries should be instituted ; and the person in whose hands it was— a West- end money-lender—asserted that he discounted the bill for you, and, further, that you were known to him personally. Here is his name at the back of the bill, and what purports to be your endorsement to him. " It is as false as the rest, sir," I said, a few moments later, when I had taken a second glance at the forged bill. " I know the man by name, but I know nothing good of him, J have had no transactions with hi™—iu fact, never spoke to him in my life." " You declare this upon your honour, Gerald Mortimer?" asked my uncle, after a pause. " I do, sir," I added, " and I am going back to London at once to face this rascally moneylender." You will stay here until to-morrow,'' said my uncle, looldag at his watch. "I want time to think, aud to talk the matter over quietly." " If you please, no, sir," I rejoined, determinedly. "The answering of an infamous charge like this admits of no delay." " But you have been travelling all night, I expect,"added the 6quire, "and require some l-est, surely ?" The words were kindly meant and expressed, but I was resolved to depart, and after a hasty luncheon I was driven in a dog-cart to the railway station, being just in time to call for my bag and rag, and catch an up fast train. The following morning shortly before 11 o'clock found me at the office of the moneylender who had held the forged acceptance, and who had asserted that he had received it from Much to my chagrin, however, I was told that he was not in, and would not be at business till the morrow. There was but one Bolitaiy clerk in the office, a sharp-eyed old man, who glanced at me curionsly, and, as it occurred to me. as though I was not unknown to him; and moreover, on declining to give my name, I fancied the ghost of a smile played about his thin lips. After leaving the money- lender's office I strolled along Piccadilly to the park. Being just then in the height of the season, and a brilliant morning, the Bow was pretty full of equestrians, many of whom were kuown to me. I had been leaning over the railings for some time, bnt happened to turn round at the moment a carnage was passing along the drive going westward. In it were seated my adorable Mabel and her father, and as I raised my hat, the fair object of my affection gave me a -little bow and a half-frightened smile; but, to my disgust and anger, the gentleman vouchsafed not the slightest acknowledgment to my salutation. Considering that, if not actually an accepted suitor of his daughter, my pretensions had not been ignored, and that for two seasons I had been a welcome visitor to his house, this slight was, to say the least omt, offensive. However, I was only being taught the difference between an heir-presumptive to much wealth and young man with two hundred pounds a year. The following day I was to have another odd experience of life, but of. a far different kind. I was to meet with a case of the most unparalleled impudence and audacity that surely man ever encountered. About the same hour as on the previous morning I once more called at the office of the money- lender, bill discounter, or whatever he might style himself, and, as though I were expected, was immediately ushered into his private room, unannounced as to name. Ho was young, well-dressed, and not bad looking, and received me with a very cool nod. " When I tell you that I am Mr. Gerald Mortimer," I said, " you will guess the object of my visit." _ • " There is no occasion- to give me your name," was the cool rejoinder, "for I have too much cause to remember it and you, beats me, Mr. Gerald Mortimer, how you have the assurance to show your face here again after foisting up on me a forged bill." "You infamous scoundrel," I exclaimed almost beside myself with rage, "you.know this is the first time that ever you spoke to me in yonr life, and you have the audacity to sit there and avow that I have had transactions with you. " Go on, my friend," retorted the fellow, with an insolent laugh. "No," I added, " I have nothing more to say to you. The police are the proper parties t( deal with such rascals as you. Mark ine, man. you and your accomplices in this conspiracy shall feel the penalties of the law. You have forged or connived at the forgery of both my uncle's signature aud mine, and you shall suffer for it." The scoundrel laughed defiantly as I walked out of his room—a scoffing, mocking laugh that I could hear until I got into Hie street. Once clear of this infamous den, my first idea was go to Scotland Yard and place the matter iu the -f ']..• >olice authorities; and I actually •AIUIT s.-i.jj-.- J.stance towards Charing Cross with that intention in my mind. A little thought, however, induced me to decide upon taking the advice of an old friend of mine before doing anything further. He was a' man my senior by only a year or two—for we had been school fellows—but one upon whose good offices and knowledge of the world I could thoroughly rely. On reaching his chambers in the Albany he re ceived me kindly. Then, when he had listened to my story, he 6aid : " A rascally business, Gerald, my boy, and I question if your first idea of going direct to Scotland Yard would not have been the best thing you could have done. However, there will be nothing lost by waiting until to-morrow, Dine with me to night, go with me to the opera, and then you shall have my decision before we part." " Agreed!" I answered ; and having gone home to dreES I joined my friend later on. Over dinner he told me that he had already come to the conclusion that I must see the poIice and it was arrauged that he should accompany me to Scotland Yard on the follow ing morning. It was rather late when we gdit to Covent Garden Theatre, but we were in time for the last two acts of the opera, and stayed out the ballet. On getting down into the lobby there was a bit of a crush, for there had been very full house, and we had to wait for minute or two. At length, as we were making our way out somebody pushed against me—rudely, as it seemed—and I turned to see who was the aggressor. To my astonishment I discovered that the man standing nearest to me, and who must have been the person who jostled me, was the rascally money-lender with whom I had had the interview that morning. He was evidently only waiting to see the people depart, for he was not in evening dress, and as our eyes met, there was an insolent, aggravating sneer on his face. Possibly the push which the fellow gave me might have been accidental, but the sneer and the insolent looks were not, and without thought of where I was—that ladies were almost touching me on the other side—I struck him. Straight from the shoulder as ever it went in my life, my right fist caught him full in the mouth, and he went down with a crash. It was all over in a few seconds. Some people came between us, my friend seized me by the arm, and presently we were in a hansom cab, being being driven westward. " Gerald, my boy, what were you thinking about?" said my companion when he had got me into the cab. " In the names of peace and order, my dear fellow, what had the man done to you that you should knock, him down like that?" " Done to me!" I answered, hotly. " It was the fellow we were, epes.king of to-day—the rascally money-lender who forged, or at all events held that bill. 1 ? - r • "Oh, oh!'' ejaculated my friend, laughin; softly; " I understand it all now. Nevertheless^ yoa would have been a wiser man if you had kept ycur hands off him." "I could not help it," I rejoined. "He pushed against me as we were coming out, and if you had seen the sneer that was on his face, I fancy you would have done as I did if you had been in my place." " Perhaps," was the admission," but anyhow we must be before him in the morning, or we may have him invoking the aid of a magistrate instead of ourselves." The cab was pulled up just then to tell the driver to tike us to one of the two clubs of which I was a member, little thinking at the moment of the terrible sight of winch my friend and I were shortly to be witnesses by going there. In the smoke-room, on our arrival, we found several men, well known to both of us, and amongst them a Guardsman in uniform who had been on duty, and looked in on his way to his chambers. We had not been many minutes in the club when one oi the waiters rushed into the smokeroom—a pale aud affrighted look on his face— with the startling announcement that one of the members was lying, either dead or dying, on a couch in the card room. Springing to our feet we hurried in a body to the adjoining apartment, and never shall I forget the scene which a moment or two met my eyes. Lying on one of the couches, his limbs and features fixed in the last terrible convulsions of death, was my own cousin, Dick Mortimer, and almost as we arrived there, all was over. Apoplexy some of the men said it was, but poisoned by his own act it proved to be when the doctors had examined the body, and -the inquest had been held. The cause of death, however, I guessed at that night, or, more correctly speaking, in the early hours of the morning, when I returned to my rooms. Lying on the table l found a letter from my unhappy cousin, which had arrived during my absence. In it he confessed, out of a spirit of pique and revenge, to having forged my name to the bill and our uncle's acceptance of it. His accomplice, the money-lender, he further stated, was to havei the proceeds for conniving at this criminal transaction, and, in fact, had been the one to suggest the scheme for ruining me. I telegraphed at once to the squire, and he arrived in town with the least possible delay. In the interval, the police had been at work, but their endeavour to arrest the rogue of a money-lender had been fruitless. His clerk was foun£ at the office, but professed to know nothing, and his master,so far as I have been able to learn, was seen no more. He had drawn a large cheque upon his bank, leaving but a balance of a few poundB, on the previous afternoon, and the last that was known of him was when I knocked him down at Covent Garden Theatre. That I was restored to my uncle's favour and to my old position as to " expectations," it is scarcely necessary for me to relate ; but it maybe interesting if I add that I married Mabel, and thereby became one of the most happy of mortals.— Weekly Budget. The present Pope (says the Pall Mall Gazette) is determined to move with the age. It is not only that he leaves the Vatican at times, but he opens part of it which the public hitherto knew only by reputation. He has now given direc tione that the Borgia galleries be thrown open. Among the 11,000 rooms of the Vatican this suite has been quite forgotten, and yet it was once the very residence, the actual living-rooms, of the Popes. Alexander VI. had them decorated by Pinturicchio, who came down to paint them, stopping on his way at Perugia and Orvieto. Then Sixtus V- thought the apartments too sunk, and built the splendid pile on the north side of the Cortile of San Damaso, where he and his successors have ever since lodged. The old rooms were locked up, and put to occasional use, as for the accommodation of cardinals during the Conclave, or even for the tables of the btisiolanti during Holy Week. Pius VII., indeed, collected some pictures and statues which were kept here, and one room was devoted to an armoury, the accoutrements of Julius II., the warrior Pope, being the chief attraction. All these galleries will shortly be thrown open: and this will be the first step towards letting daylight into parts of the Vatican unknown even to the Popes themselves. 