LONDON TABLE TALK. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, June 19, 1891. By the death of the O'Gorman Mahon, who succumbed on Tuesday last to an attack of influenza, the House of Commons loses one of its quaintest and most picturesque figures. What was the great age of this curious old relic of bygone generations few accurately know. Sir Harry Verney and Mr. Gladstone are indeed the only living men who can re- member him even comparatively young. He entered Parliament in 1830, and was one of Daniel O'Connell's most influential supporters in the great struggle for Catholic emancipa- tion. AS early as 1826 we find references to the O'Gorman Mahon in the letters of Sir Robert Peel, who speaks of him as an in- fluential person to be looked after, possibly imprisoned. O'Connell and Peel have been dead more than 40 years. At one period of his life the O'Gorman Mahon played a prominent part in the Government of a South American Republic, of which he was at once Lord High Admiral and Commander- in-Chief. His stories of this experience, of the ladies he loved, and the duels he fought, brimmed with humor, and nothing pleased the veteran better than to recount them. The O'Gorman's appearance of late years resembled that of a huge and shaggy buffalo. His manners, how- ever, were full of old- fashioned courtliness, and ladies invariably declared he paid them the most perfect compliments. The O'Gorman Mahon could never be made to understand the age of duelling had passed away, and compara- tively recently almost wept because an Irish member would not allow him to carry a chal lenge to Sir William Harcourt. On another occasion, conceiving himself insulted, the old man presented a prosaic Tory M.P. with his card, and said he hoped to hear from him. Mr. Parnell was' the last person the O'Gorman wanted to challenge. The Royal Family from the Queen down- wards have been greatly exercised by the severity and Tinariimity.; of the strictures, .upon, the Prince of Wales. The Duke of Cam- bridge, who is very susceptible to public opinion, worked himself into a state of almost dangerous excitement on the subject, and on Saturday, when the old soldier met the Prince at a military conference, his language was, to put it mildly, forcible. The peccant personage himself at first inclined to smile at the press comments, opining the censure would miss the mark with the public through being overdone. After, however, interviews with Lord Salis- bury, Mr. Gladstone, and other trusty coun- sellors, H.R.H. awoke thoroughly to the gravity of the situation. George Lewis is said to have told the Prince that he reckoned Sir Edward Clarke's speech would give the Radicals 100,000 votes at the general election. The best defence yet offered for Sir Wm Cumming, who was cashiered out of the army on the 10th, is Labby's, in last week's Truth. If the Solicitor General had made the coup de trois theory as plain as Labby does I think the jury would have disagreed. Unfortunately even Labby's clever special pleading can be easily demolished. He bases his case on the Wilsons and Levett alone having noticed irregularities. Unfor- tunately the two Somersets and Mr. Sassoon, though they declined to swear they had seen Cumming cheating, would not swear his play was perfectly regular. Hence they were not called. The fact which to my mind speaks strongest for the Wilsons' conduct generally is that whilst nearly everybody con- demns the action they and General Williams and Lord Coventry did take no two writers or talkers can agree exactly what they ought to have done. I have heard endless discussions on the subject. Every other man one meets lays down the sound law with much firmness. Frequently he indicates unconsciously that he would have made far graver mistakes than the persons he so gaily condemn. ''Why did they drag in the Prince?" is a question ignorant critics nearly always put. The answer, of course, is that all con- cerned knew his Royal Highness would like to be consulted. As a rule, indeed, nothing pleases the Prince better than to act as arbiter in social difficulties. Quarrels between persons he knows are nearly always submitted to him, and more than once he has intervened success- fully in cases requiring the utmost tact and delicacy. Sir Wm. Gordon-Cumming and his bride, met with a tremendous reception in the north. At all the stations between Perth and Forres enthusiastic crowds assembled to cheer the pair, and at the royal borough itself the provost and town council presented an address of welcome to them. This contained no reference to recent events in London, but rehearsed the good deeds of dead and gone Cummings, and the indeb- tedness of Forres to the family. Then the horses were taken from the carriage, and a bevy of brawny Highlanders dragged the vehicle uphill and down dale to Altyre. All this, if Sir William should perchance be inno- cent, will be consoling, but to a guilty man how soul searing. One reads that the baronet didn't like it, but for his wife's sake endured the fuss. Lady Middleton, Sir William's sister, accompanied the bride and bridegroom north. She is a singularly beautiful woman, and a great favorite in the most select circle of London society. Nothing would persuade Lady Middleton to associate with the Marl borough House set, and she considers the mis- fortune which has overtaken Sir William a judgment on him for consorting with low-bred folk like the Wilsons, Mrs. Wilson particu- larly. There was an unusually large attendance in the Commons at question time on Monday, it being generally understood that unless the queries put to Mr. Stanhope on the baccarat case were satisfactorily, answered, the Radicals meant to move the adjournment of the House, and generally make things "hum," as the Yankees say. Fortunately the tact and sound good sense which has pulled the Prince of Wales through many awkward dilemmas did not desert him now. After discussing matters with various trusty counsellors, and forming his own impressions of public opinion in the papers, his Royal Highness came to the con- clusion that there was nothing for it but to frankly apologise. True, no precedent existed for such a proceeding, and curiously enough, the Queen did not like the idea. But the Prince recognised that the proprieties must be pacified. It was not necessary for him to say much. lf he admitted an error of judgment people would fill in the gaps and understand he meant to be more careful in many ways in future, and, paraphrasing Mr. Benjamin Gold- finch, swore to "give up baccarat." The ques- tions put to the Secretary for War practically asked—of course at great length—what steps were going to be taken with regard to the officers who had broken the Queen's regula- tions. Mr. Stanhope, in reply, said:—Any honorable member who examines the regulation in question will, I think, see that the chief per- son who has broken it was Sir William Gordon- Cumming, because he did not report his case to his commanding officer, according to the re- gulations. Any offence committed by any other officer can only have consisted in advis- ing him and pressing him to take any other course than that laid down by the regulations. Of the three officers concerned—one, General Owen Williams, has retired from the army, and is therefore not subject to the Queen's re- gulations. The other officers are undoubtedly subject to it. The regulation in question, No. 41, has never been specially brought to the attention of the Prince of Wales; but now that his attention has been called to it, and in looking back to all the circumstances of the case, his Royal Highness has authorised me to say that he now sees an error of judg- ment was committed in not requiring Sir William Gordon-Cumming at once to report his case to his commanding officer. In this view of the case I concur, and I should like to give expression to my own personal opinion that if any of us had suddenly heard of a friend of ours who, moreover, had greatly dis- tinguished himself in the service, having been accused of dishonorable conduct, we should have hesitated before at once taking any course which would immediately and irre- trievably blight his whole future life. Mr. Berkeley Levett has addressed a letter to his commanding officer expressing in very proper terms his very great regret at not having acted in strict accordance with the regulations. It is not proposed to take any further action in the matter. A very interesting pendant to Mrs. Oliphant's enthralling " Life of Laurence Oliphant" has just been issued in the shape of a small brochure containing some personal reminiscences of that erratic genius by Mr. Louis Liesching, late of the Ceylon Civil Service. Mr. Liesching lived as a boy under the care of Sir Anthony Oliphant, then Chief Justice of Ceylon, and was educated and brought up side by side with Laurence, or "Lowry," as the family always called him. The Oliphants were then evangelical, and a devout evangelical Mr. Liesching has always remained. His explana- tions of the causes of the various religious phases Laurence Oliphant went through are probably correct, and he throws valuable light on the character of the Prophet Harris and the "Brotherhood of the New Life." Oliphant endeavored to convert Liesching to the "New Life," and lent him Harris's works. Mr. Liesching read them carefully and discovered the doctrine of the brotherhood to be in the main modernised Buddhism. Harris's earlier works are, he says, full of noble thoughts and true perceptions of men and things. Here are two short specimens:—"I know that in all ages the minority has been right, because it has been advanced; while in all ages the majority has been wrong, because it has been sluggish and sleepy and spell-bound and obstinate." "When God sets on fire the soul with love and light and liberty, all the fetters of sectarianism are but shrivelled flax bands that consume before the fiery heat! they pass away in sparks on the air: the man forgets that he was ever bound by them." Later Mr. Harris, rechristened Chrysaritheus, and Mrs. Harris, rechristened Chrysanthea, claimed to have been directly inspired to write a grotesquely blasphemous work called "The Lord, the Two in One, Declared, Manifested, Glorified." Mr. Liesching intended quoting a chapter from this on "Qur Lord Mani- fested on Earth Among the Artisans," but on looking at it after a lapse of time he declares, "I find it so blasphemous, so foul, so coarse, that could I bring myself to copy what I had in view, no respectable publisher would print it. It refers among other things to a child called 'Chrysanthile,' whose name is also 'Usie.' This 'child is the child born to Chrysantheus and Chrysanthea, as the first fruit of their nuptial union in the earth, and he inherited from his mother into the fixedness of the angels, and from his father into the loyal freedom of the divine natural man." Chrysantheus is called on for a song in this lower world of artisans, and here is a specimen of his inspired poetry:— Pipes and ale, pipes and ale! He who receives the Lord in them, Though he were sick and sent to gaol, May journey to Jerusalem, Jerusalem, Jerusalem; May journey to Jerusalem. Let parsons in their gospel shops Give broken pipes without a stem. The effect of this song is such that one of the artisans found words to say, "I cave in, mates; progress 's played out." And this is the stuff Laurence Oliphant found an improvement on the prayer- book. It certainly does show, as Mr. Liesching says, "how far astray the keenest intellects, the most refined natures, the most shrewd minds, may be led when once they abandon their reason and moral sense to the guidance of another." Oliphant went wrong in his religious life from the moment he began to dabble in occult science. This was at the age of 17. What he discovered Heaven alone knows, but it destroyed the youth's simple evangelical creed. From that time till he reached 36, and joined Harris, Laurance, though outwardly successful in all he touched, was filled with a spirit of unrest. This is shown by his letters to his mother. There we see his dissatisfactibn with himself, his introspection, his remorse. Church folk neverthe- less he scorned. "Piccadilly" indicates his views with regard to parsons, missionaries, &c.;, very clearly. "Then," says Mr. Liesching, "came a time when he was allured by the fascinations of clairvoyance and mesmerism, and then came a moment when contact with his new teacher persuaded him that, while mesmerism was of the infernals, there was, to those who sought it aright, access to the higher and holier in- telligences; yea, even to the Lord Himself! My own belief, after many years'consideration of the subject, is that the one is demoniac, but the other is Satanic, and that the latter is the source of the inspiration of the deluded 'Brotherhood of the New Life.' Had Laurence Oliphant steadily pursued one object he would have been less versatile, charming and fasci- nating perhaps; but; he might have _done much, very much, for the good of society." Oliphant, Mr. Liesching finally, assures us, was fully alive to the danger of ignorant, careless or curious persons tampering with the terrible spiritual influences which we are beginning to recognise exist without our understanding them. "He regarded experiments with hypnotism as he would have done those of a man playing with gunpowder, with the danger- ous nature of which he was unacquainted. The, day is, I firmly believe, at hand when a new cult will so sway mankind that in its lurid light Christianity will seem a failure Anti- christ will be its champion, and Satan his energiser and inspirer. Woe to him then who has abandoned the old landmarks, and drifted away into his toils!" Mrs. Grimwood, the heroine of Manipur, has arrived in England and is staying with her sister at Howe. The Royal Red Cross has been bestowed on the lady, and by command she has visited the Queen at Windsor. Though the Red Cross is only a nurse's order there is no other in existence (not even the V. C. itself) which has so good a right to be called an "order of merit." General Booth has at length definitely denied that he lent Mr. Stead money to start the Review of Reviews with. The only bond be twixt the salvation chief and the master of Mowbray House is "the bond of sympathy in doing God's work." "I never'," said General Booth the other day, "gave Mr. Stead a penny." The new stories by the author of "Mdlle. Ixe" are very slight and delicate, but thoroughly artistic in tone and execution. The "Hotel D'Angleterre," the longest, tells a dainty love tale without much plot perhaps, yet full at subtle character drawing and effective contrast. The little book is well worth a shilling. This story of Rudyard Kipling's illness is whol|y untrue. On Monday last, at any rate, he was well and busy arranging a trip to the States. Kiplings new volume of stories con- sists of his contributions to the English maga- zines in 1889-90. The best are "The Man Who was," "Namgay Boola," ''Bimi," "Without Benefit of Clergy," and "The Incarnation of Krishna Mulvaney." Beatrice Kipling, mother of Rudyard, has written a novel called "The Heart of a Maid," which is already out in America and will be published in England by Macmillans. "Hartland's Heir" is the title of the new story which that "emancipated" damsel Meme Muriel Dowie will write for Bow Bells. It commences to run on July 3. I can't say I altogether like Miss Dowie's "Girl in the Karpathians." She may be, as she tries hard to convince the reader, an unsophisticated child of nature. I confess I cannot stand her cigarettes. They crop up on every page. Miss Bowie must be for ever puffing, and a girl who smokes may be virtuous, clever, and beautiful, but in the words of Mr. Mantalini she's "dem- nition vulgar." Additions to Bentley's green series include Miss Carey's "Mary St. John," Miss Brough- ton's "Alas!"; and Marie' Corelli's ghastly nightmare "Wormwood." Spencer Blackett announces 2s. editions of Captain Andrew Haggard's "Ada Triscott" and Florence Marryat's "Scarlet Sin." Would-be comic epitaphs are seldom par- ticularly laughable, but occasionally one comes upon a really ingenious device, such as the following:— Beneath this sod and under these trees Lies all that is left of Hiram Pease. He is not here, it's only his pod; His soul has shelled out and gone to God. The deceased's wife, however, had a passion for condensation, and ran the four lines into one thusly:— Here lies the pod: the Peas are in heaven. Robert Buchanan's elephantine attempt to ridicule Ibsenity in "Heredity," or, as it has now been christened, "The Gifted Lady," struck me as the dullest, heaviest piece of fool- ing I ever remember to have seen on the stage. The plot is the plot of "The Serious Family" and "The Colonel." Substitute the Ibsen craze for the æsthetic craze, eliminate every trace of humor, and add an atmosphere of what the author calls "colossal suburbanism" and you have "The Gifted Lady." Miss Fanny Brough wrestled vainly, with. an impossible part, as did W. H. Vernon. Miss Julia Nielson and Mr. Fred Terry, the leading lady and the jeune premier of the Hay- market, are engaged. No wonder Mr. Terry's love making in " The Dancing Girl" seems fervently realistic. The season at Mr. Tree's theatre ends on the 27th, when the company go into the provinces to fulfil their annual engagements in our six leading cities. The house will reopen in October, of course, with "The Dancing Girl.'' These last few months have been as lucky to Mr. Alexander and Mr. Tree as they have been disastrous to other managements. "La Cigale" reaches its 250th night at the Lyric Theatre to-morrow. Business at the English Opera is slack, and two novelties are in preparation. Two short one-act comedies and a merry farce of "The Critic" order called "A Pantomime Rehearsal" were produced by Mr. George Edwardes at Terry's with marked success on Saturday evening. Whether such a mixed programme will draw in London re- mains to be seen. Six guineas apiece is the price asked for a stall at Covent Garden on the night of the Ger- man Emperor's visit, and such is the demand that although levee dress will be compulsory £10 and £12 has already been paid. The pro- gramme, as on the occasion of the Shah's "command," will be mixed, consisting probably of acts 'from "Lohengrin," "Der Meister- singer," and "Faust." "Formosa" proved such a complete failure at Drury Lane that "Drink" has been put in re- hearsal, and will be produced on the 28th inst. with Charles Warner as Coupeau. As soon as this piece is fairly set going "The Sailor's Knot" will be got under weigh. The programme at Toole's Theatre has been further strengthened by a pantomimic version of "Ici En Parle Francais," in which "good old Johnny" plays Sprigging with a white face, à laEnfant Prodigue. The fun is possibly a wee bit long drawn out (a common fault, by the way, of Mr. Toole's), but the idea itself is good. "Ibsen's Ghost" crowds the house to excess every night from 10 to 11. Mr. Henry Brodribb Irving, eldest son of the tragedian, will make his professional debut in the revival of "School," which is now being busily rehearsed at the Garrick Theatre. Mr. Gilbert Hare (son of Jno. Hare) and Sydney Brough (son of Lionel Brough) are also in the cast. Miss Kate Rorke aspires to succeed Mrs. Bancroft as Naomi Tighe, and Hare himself will of course recreate Beau Farintosh. Mr. Irving on dit will be en- trusted with the important part of Jack Poyntz originally played by Mr. Bancroft. The run of "The Gondoliers," which was pro- duced on December 7, 1889, has come to an end at the Savoy Theatre. The new piece appears to give small satisfaction either to management or performers. It has been re-written and altered and pulled all ways, but is still found wanting. The story of "The Rajah" deals with the complications arising out of the love of a high caste Hindu for a low caste maiden, and is Gilbertian in treatment. It may in- terest some of your readers to know the dates of the various productions at the Savoy during the last 10 years. The theatre was opened on October 10, 1881, with ' Patience," brought out several months previously at the Opera Comique. This ran to November 1882, when "Iolanthe" was produced; "Princess Ida" in January, 1884; "The Mikado" in March, 1885; "Ruddigore" in Janu- ary, 1887; "The Yeomen of the Guard" in October, 1888; and "The Gondoliers" in December, 1889, followed. The longest of these runs was "The Mikado's," and the shortest "Ruddigore." Several revivals fol- lowed the latter and preceded "The Yeomen." The 100th performance of "L'Enfant Prodigue" has taken place, when the house was, as usual, crammed. The Princess of Wales and her daughters have been four times to see this pretty pantomime, which takes a great hold on some imaginations. Others, curiously enough, find it dull, yawn undis- guisedly, and wonder what their enthusiastic neighbors find so attractive. When "L'Enfant Prodigue" is done with Mr. ledger will put on another piece of the same description. 