IADY' 1EI W[ XVYND'S SPECTRE, CHAPTER XXXVI. IN TIlE IIDST OF HER ENEMIESI. He visitedDr Hartright at East bourne that day, and ,told him the whole story of the spectre's various appoerances to him and explained to him that no one else had seen it but himself, although Gilbert and Sylvia Monk woro standing in full view ofit. The doctor, a bluff and hearty man, incredulous of the supernatural, listened attentively. 'Did you see this spectre while abroad ]my lord' hle asked." The marqsus replied. in the necs tiveo: 'But you raw it on the first evening of your return home, when your sad memories were all freshly stirred, and you were inxthe room full of assecia tions with ther? Hlumph! and you snar lier in the bedchamber whore 'she died! Humph i And' you saw her again last nightl Had you beeh think of her on the last occasion? 'Yes I had just called upon her to come back to me,' said Lora Cbetwynd frankly yet hesitatingly. 'Humph [-My lord the 'spectre' as you call it, ls. a meer hallucination. Your liver is out of order. It see ms that you were thinking of her on avery coeasion owhen the spectre appeared, except the time when youzwereasleep. Then you waked up suddenly and in the light, having already fancied you had seen a ghost, you ccnjured.it up anew out of 'some harmless shadow. You must diet yourself my lord, Let, Miss Monk'a beauty chase away these disordered fancies. Lady Chetwynd is dead.' I saw her'die.. I looked on ner face six'days after death, the day of her consignment to the tomb. My dear boy spirits don't return in this ?ay. They are in better business than runs -ing ardcad park ini glhve clothes. Take good care of yourself. I'm not sure but that you are threatened with a fever. The" wise Galao made up a portion or two for his lordship, who little com forted returned home,deferring hs visit to the rector until another day. In the early evening immediately after dinner, Gilbert Monk drove to Eastbourne, and to the statioln Hes arrived at the last moment,. and was ,ushired into a first class comparteient copie?d?bby two veiled ladies,of whom one wi? , Lady Ohetwyud and the:other is OCrow.l. , The traitm had begun to move, when th~ ado'?r"f ofthe second clas· om ýiartmet adjoiningd was hurriedly t +;~4~~Pd' al' woman, with a painted white face, gray hair a frilled cape, and a huge scuttle bonnet was pushed in and the door shut upon her. This old woman was Ragee the Hindoo ! And thus en.. vironed by her enemies young Lady Ohetwyned journeyed up to London. OHAPTEt XXXVI. IN A STATE OF UNCERTAINTY. On arriving at London bridge'ter. minus Gilbert Monk alighted from the first class compartment he hadoccupied with the young Lady Ohetwynd and Mrs Growl on the journey up from Eastbourne and raising his hat to them as to utter strangers, he crossed the platform and entered a hansom cab bidding the driver convey him to Has kell's Family Hotel Piccadilly. Flack appeared from a second class carriage near at hand and escorted Lady Ohetwynd and Mrs Growl to a four wheeled cab, and gave the same order Monk had given-iHaskell's Family hlotel Piccadilly. An old bent woman, in a black alpaca grown and a heavy Scotch shawl wearingan old fashioned scuttle bonnet and a heavy embroidered black lace viel, from whose side peeped out a stray lock of gray hair, and carrying a cotton umbrella and a carpet bag the Rlindos ayah cleverly disguised had appeared from the second class carriage adjoining the compartment occupied by Lady Ohetwynd, had heard the order given--Haskell's Family Hotel Piccadilly. In the course of an hour after the three several larties were comfortably quartered in the quiet family hotel they had designated. The hour was late, and Gilbert Mons did not see Bernice sgain that evening. The Hindoo woman registered a false name and ascertained that Lady Ohetwynd was registered as Miss Gwyn. of Carnarvon. This discovery afforded the syah cood for thought and speculation throughout the reminder of the night. The next morning after eating a solitary breakfast in the coffee room of the hotel, Gilbert Monk ordered a cal, and went up to Lady Ohetwynd's sit ting room to inquire if she were ready for departure. Mrs Crowl gave him admit tance. He had expected to find Bernice in travelling atore, with her hat and c gloves on. He fourid her laying upon a couch'near the window, in he tra+vel ing dress, it is true, but with her hair unconfined,ber face pale, and wear I ing an expression of physicial suffering. I tier white brows was contraeted in pain, and she wasmanifestly unable to t travel. d Monk gave a start of dismay. 'What is the matter?' he demanded, in an undertone, pausing just inside I the threshola, and regarding the young girl. Miss Gwyn ought not to have left Eastbourne last night.l replied Mr Growl in alow voice. 'Her wrist is s swollen and painful. The cold bats a she received the night before last was a severe shock to her. bhe is feverish Gilbert Monk smothered the im precation that arose to hib lips. He knitted his brow as he came forward, forcing himself to speak gently, and bent over Bernice, whose lot geyelashts lay oil her white cheeks. bhe looked up as he came close behind her, and soiled faintly, and gave him one hot chite hand. 'How is this Bernicel' asked Monk, al'.cetionately. 'lsa your high courage given way at last, 'or are you really till' 'I am only weak and tired,' said iernice wearily. 'I have lived in con stant excitement for weeks, you know Giibert. and this is the reaction. I ,0n nearly worn out. The chill and dI amp at that cold and lonely garret at the Park seem to have penetrated to ilsy vitals, anrd have not had proper nourishment to keep up my strength, tnd a flush arose to her cheeks. 'I am tot ill I think Gilbert-only tired as [said, and very weak. I want to rest' Her eyes again drooped' wearily: Monk looked grave. He saw that Bernice was suffering the reaction of her long excitement and anxiety, and that she was really, even if not dangerously ill. He saw also that she was unable to undertake the long, hard journey to Mawr Castle at pesent. *What is to be don.?' he asked, in a tone of perplexity. 'Shall I send for a physician; Beroice'. Toe young marchioness shook her head signifying a negative. 'She needs a day of rest, with warmth and stimulating food,' said Mrs Growl. •I could treat her as well as a physician could Mr Monk. I'll have jher ready to start for .Wales in a day or two only leave her in my hands ' As Monk could not do othertwise he reluctantly seacceded to Mrs Growl's de mnand. He went out and dismissed his cab, and annoueed at the cifice of the hbtel he should prolong his stay a day ortwo further. He then returned to ILady Chenwynd's parlour, with a parcel of morning papers,resolved upon makihg the best of a bad situation. He enconsed himself in an easy chair near'the fire and gave himself up to the study of the news, while Mrs Orowl proceededto concoct a warm drink or other stimulating compound for the benefit of her patient, Bernica drank the preparation meekly, and presently 4rvppe4 saleeji. Mrs Crowl pushed an easy chair to the hearth, in convenient proximity to the chair occupied by Monk and seated herself, her glance fixed upon the beautiful sleeper. The powerful mas culine face of the woman betrayed an expression of something like affec tion,as she continued to regard Bernice with great intentness. 'How lovely she is !' whispered Mrs Growl. 'She is superbly radiantly beautiful. Ant she is so frank's so honest, so gentle, so unsuspicious of harm ! She is a real lady through and through. I should like to live with her always, Mr Munk I wonder how you can ha ve seen her grow beautiful under your very eyes and become accomplished and fit to adorn the Queen's drawing room, and yet not fall in love with herT Monk's paper fell to his knees and his swarthy face flushed with a con sciousness of his new and suddenly conceived passion for Bernice. Mrs Crowl read the flush and agita tion aright. She looked amazed, and then pleased. 'Why I have never ausaleted that you love Miss Gwyn,' she rxclaimed. '[t's something new even toyou 1 know Mr Monk. 'I'm delighed air and hope that if you win her you will allow me to remain with her always. Ishould ask nothing better than to live with Miss Gwyn all my life.' 'I do not know what Miss Gwyn will say to a marriage with me,' said Monk, thoughtfully. 'She likes me and trusts me, that I know. She trusts you also and you might drop a word now and then about my devotion to her, and prepare her to receive favour ably, in good time, a proposal of mar. riage from me. If she marries me,Mrs Growl you shall be her lady housekeeper at a handsome salary, as long as you live.' Monk's preceptions and intuitions not being of the finest,he was glad to ac cept lis confederate estimate of Bernice andt4 act upon it. He resolved that he would do nothing to lessen Bernice's trust in him, but that he would delic. lately intimate to her, at the first suit able opportunity, that although Lord Ohetwynd had forgotten her, there was one still who adored her and who would devote his life to her if she would permit him. The opportiunity he desired did not occur before evening. In the meantime Monk made other visite'to the coffee rooms .and took' a long solitary stroll in the 'streets, and meditated upon the manner in which he would declare his love to Bernice at proper time. He met once or twice in the corridor of the Hotel an elderly ill. dressed woman, in a scuttle bonnet and a black veil, but no suspicion crossed his mind that this woman was his sister's Hindoo ayah, Bernice's mortal enemy. The East Hindoo woman's room was opposite Lady Chet wyrd's parlour and Ragee's door was ajar nearly all the day, and Rages's stealthy, peering eyes watched the door of the opposite room for :hours without relaxation. She left her post only twice and on both those occasions encountered Monk in the corridor. In the evening after eating his dinner in the coffee room, Monk returned to Lady Chetwynd's parlour. The gas was alight here and the curt ains dawn. The fire burned sheerily on the hearth, and before it sat Bernice still pale, but a brighter look on her proud dark face. She looked stronger too than in the morning, and greeted Monk with a smile. He was delighted at the change in her, and sat down near her his face beaming. 'I feared that you had retired,' he said, 'but yoen are almost well again, Bernice. Mrs Orowl is a physician as well as nurse. I am persuaded that you will be ablejtocontinue your journey in the morning. Mrs Prowl appeared from the inner room attired for the street. 'I suppose we are to go on to the castle to-morrog~ Mr Monk,' she said 'and I have a few purchases to make in town, so I must make them to'night Miss G yn was not so weakas I feared, Her wrist is better, all the inflamma tion being gone from it,and she is quite able to travel. I shall be back in an hour, having only to go into Oxford street, if Miss Gwyn will kindly allow me.' Bernice gave assent, and Mrs Growl departed. And now was come the opportunity Monk had craved, in which to tell Bernice his love for her. But how was he to do it? He had told her that she was dead in law, and freed from all marriage bonds and she had believed him. But he knowing the truth, was scarcely at his ease. He comprehend ed too, how Bernice loved Ohetwynd with a pure passionate and utter devo tion. How was Monk: to win heart that was so absorbed in anotherl He felt that his only chance ot win ning Bernice's consent to a marriage with him' would be to impress upon her a keen sense of her utter delola tion'and forlornness,and to stirhsr pity for hsm, and even as a last resort, to her many obilgations to Monik, He desired to appear to her noble and generous but his selfish and unsactrpu loeus nature strove to express itself in his words as in his schemes. " While be hesitated inwhat masner to begin his intended communldetion, Bernice broke the silence, 'Gilbeit,' she said,hesitatingly. 'I have bIee thiki'g tgo d4l9 darig pq k! waking hours, of how strangely 1 am situa'ed. You tell me that having apparently died, and having actually 5een buried I have ceased to be Lord Chetwynd's wife; You have been very kind to me Gilbert. Von have' saved my life twice! you have given me rare opportunities for Imnprovement, and have been a noble brother to roe. btoy will marry Sylvia soon, and I am left utterly alone, with no future to look forward to. I am a helpless bur. den upon you, and I know that you arepoor. I cannot consent to be a burden to you longer.' 'What do you purpose doingl' 'I have no further interest in En, land. I want to go somewhere where I have at least a shadow of a clami upon some one. It is April, Gilbert, and ships can visit St Kilda. I want you as a last favour to me to procure me a passage to my old island home.' 'And whit will you do therl' 'I shall be with my dear fsaler par ents, Gilbert. They will gladly take oe back again. I amn not the wild gay young girl tLey knew. 1 can teach in the parish church now; I can nurse the s:ck and visit the villagers, and live a life of usefulness, and in time per naps I may grow content.' Mnnk's face grew sober even to sad ness. 'You have no home at St Kilda now Bernice,' he said. I don't know h w to tell you, but it's better to say the truth at once. Mr and Mrs Gwellan were both drowned at sea last mouth on a voyage from St Kilda to Glasgow. It was in all the papers-a sad aftlir-' He paused affrighted at the dead whiteness of the girls face, and at the wild look in her great brown eyee. 'Dead i' she said. 'Drown, d ' 'Yes Bernice. It was a terrible accident. The boat-a fishing craft went down in a gale, with all on board.' 'Dead ! drowned !' repeated the low piteous voice, with its wild strain of incredulity. 'Dead oh heaven!' The girl covered her face with her hands and was motionless anddumb in her great horror and despair. Monk did not dare break the silence. He had expected tears and moans, and was awestruck and frightened at the manner in which Bernice had received the fatal news. The slow moments wore on. Bernice lifted her head at last, and turned. to ward him her white, anguished face and her eyes fo?! of a brooding horror She had shed no tears, and Monl trembled as he looked upon a grief s( mute so terrible. 'They are all gone now,' she said, is her broken voice. 'All gone! Pool father and mother. They are happ3 in heaven, It is better so. I would not have them back. 'MIr Gwel!en was afflicted with heart disease, and was on his way to Scot. land to consult a physician.' said Monk soothingly: 'He could not have lived much longer at the best. They have sent a new minister to St Kilda, and you would find no place there. 'Is therea place anywhere for vie!' asked Bernice brokenly. 'I have no right to any name no home anywhere. I am only dependent upon you. I did not mind Gilbert when.I expected to go back to Roy,and to have means to repay you at least, for the money you have expended upon me so gener. ously; but now I cannot be dependent longer.If 1 cease to be Roy wife I have ceased to be your sister. 1 shall no longer be a dead weight upon you. 'My poor little Bernice, what can I say to youl You are no dependent upon me. I freely give you all If have. I love you as a brother from the mo. ment esaw you. It was that brotherly love that took me to your tomb for a last look upon your face. It was that love that made me refueo to believe you dead, even when Ohetwynd had causo'you to be put as be supposed, for over out of sight. During the past fifteen months I have wat:hed the unfolding of your beauty with tenderer affection still. Your sorrow and disappointments have drawn you nearer to me still. And. now Bernice I love you with all my heart and soul. Come to me Bernice. You are not alone while I live. Come to me, my darling, be my wife and let me devote my days to the task of making you happy.' He held out his arms to her, but she shrank from him, trembling like a leaf. 'And you alsor she whispered. 'I have lost my last friend. Ahnow I am indeed alone.'. 'I do not understand you Bernice. IMy friend is transformed to a lover said Bernicesorrowfully and I have lost my friend.' 'But you have gained far more than you have lost, Bernice.' said Monk gsently yet urgently. 'You have gained' some one to share your sorrows to minister to you to rejoice with you in your joys, to weep when you weep; some one to whom the world is bright because you live in it;some one who for your sake, strives every day to be better and nobler man. 'Oh, Gilbert don't taik to me like this i [ am sick of the very name of love I Roy loved me and forgot me as soon-so soon! As soon as I was buried from sight he turned to his old love, I like better the gentle term of frieedship, Ah friendship I had thought was truer thanlove, more onselfles, more fhithfuil; and I have lost my friend,' "BIPC ,prio il Ibdl d ?t nrs'poct Roy for having forgotten you. He loved Sylvia before he ever even seen you, and he,was btrothed to her at his mother's deathbed. He married you in a fit of anger Sylvia.and I know that heloved you andljss a faithful husband to you; but you when seemingly dying gave them back to each other. Hoy received his first love back again as your dying gift to him, and he believes that your blessing hallows his expected second merrisge. He regards you as a saint in heaven; Sylvia is a angel on earth. I should be speaking falsely were I to deny that he love Sylvia with all his soul. He does so love her. Your re suscitation from the dead would be an awful blow to him,and would a reck two lives, for he and Sylvia are bound up in each other; and yet were you to appear, knowing that the Gwdlane are dead, and that you are alonein the world; he would feel bound in honour to remarry you, even if by so dong he should break his own and 3ylvia's hearts. Knowing all this could you go backl' Bernice shuddered faloring 'No-obh, no!' 'You cannot return to St Kilda your early protectors aredead. I am the only friend you have in the world. Be my wife, Bernice, andlet me take you to some sunny foreige. land where life shall begin for us enew. Until night Iernice, I looked upun you as a sister, but your last grand peril awak ened me to the knowledge that you are all the world to me. I do not ask you to love me, except with a sister's love. I only ask to be allowed to take care of you, and to try to mate you happy.' Monk's humility touched Bernice. 'Don't Gilbert,' she whispered, with a little gesture; 'don't talk to me of marriage. I love you but not as you ought to be loved. And although I am not his wife, you say, yet all my life long I will be true to him, if not his wife, then as his widow. Dear Gilbert I cannot marry you.' 'I will be patient Bernice. Some time you will give me a different answer and I can wait. Forget my proposal Bernice or if you perfer to remember it do not let my love for you weigh against me.' 'Are you sure that it is really love you feel for me, Gilbert1 Mrs Crow] said something to me before you oame in that set me thinking. 1 am very ignorant of the' world biut surely yot would not have let medo wrong. hei was telling me how delieatelys"yo guarded my good name, during my stay at Mawr Oastleby remaining a away yourself. In your delicacy and , respect for m, then you robbed your. Sself of a hod." And she reminded me very delic+l-ly, too that I haveno real claim up.' you and that you have been working hard in London all the year to ea,' money to support me in luxury Gil).rt if it were not for Roy I know ,I ould love you as you wish. Never .as there truer a friend than you have been to me. As I can never repay you in any way for your goodness to me, I must cease to be a burden upon you. Why I am only eighteen years old, and I may live to be eighty. I must support myself, I must earn my own living.' 'You !' why you are a mere baby in worldly knowledge!' 'It is time I advanced beyond that point. You have had me instructed by an accomplished French governess and I know I am quite capable of tak. ing a situatian as a governess. I have come to any decision yet. I could not decide of course, with consulting you, Gilbert, but I must earn my own sup. port henceforth.' 'I can never consent to that, Bernice -never! I have a right to watch over and maintain the life I have twice saved., Bernices despairing face flushed a deeper red. 'Ther. is another thing. I do not like to speak of it,' she faltered, but Mrs Crowl implied that the world would think ill of!me for being supported by one upon whom I have no claim. And though' I am not Roy's wife, I shall always, while I live, act as if I were, his wife. No one shall cavil at me even though they cannot know what I once was to him. All I have left is my self-respect, Gilbert, and that I must maintain. You must not blame Mrs Growl. I ask ed her the question that impelled that answer. To be perfectly frank with you, my French governess has repeatedly asked me what relationship I bear to you, and has often told me that, if I were not your relative, or a young lady of fortune under your guardianreshipI ought to leave your pro section, for my very name'asake. And so Gilbert I am not going back to Mawr Castle. I want you to crown all your obligations to me by letting me remain here at this hotel with Mrs Growl until you procure for me a sunit able situation.' 'You are sarely wild Bernice. You are ignorant of the world and its wickedness; you are endowed with a rare and glorious beauty, that might prove fatal in a governess or one thrown upon her own resources, and you are too youngto battle with the world. Your French governess had been in better business than filling your mind with old seciety supereti. tions. Ifyou had been rich, and" my ward, your stay at Mawr Castle would have been-eminently proper, As you are not rich,and must refuse the guard isahbipg hblte1r, and kolqeu1 ?le absolutely necessary to you by reason g of your friendlissness. Bernice I shall not consent to this absurd scheme of self support. If you will not be my tl wife, you shall be my sister and ward, but I shall not let you go from me. gi In time I know I shall win you to be if my wife.' a 'And because you will never relin quish that hope while I remain depen- ti dent upon you, I must leave you Gil- a bert, if for no other reason.' said Ber, nice sorrowfully, her face growing b white again. 'Let me thank you again for all your goodness to me, Gil. p bert. I love you, only not in the way you ask, and I am grateful to you , Gilbert, for all your generous kindness a to me. Don't think me other- . wise.' t 'I shall think so if you persist in the 1 den of becoming a governess,'sai l Monk iYon are overexcited Bernice. There 'is a look in your eyes I do not like. Let us drop all these preplexing subjects for the present. We will talk them t over hereafter. Let Ino now advise t you to retire to your bed.' He arose took her hand, and felt her pulse: It was throbbing fiercely with feverish quickness. He feared to excite her by further discussion and to strengthen her in her new resolves by further combating them. After a few remarks therefore'on different sub jects, and an expression of sympathy in her bereavement of her foster parent Monk took his departure. He closed the door behind him softly and went down stairs and out into the street, half angry with himself for having broached the subject ,of his love until afterSylvia's marriage to Lord Chetwynd. 'I don't want to frighten away my bird by to great an exhibition of anxiety to catch it,' he thought. 'I ought to have waited longer; but as I have Y precipitated matters by a want of my Susual caution, I most be very. careful , in the future, and lull her Quixotic notions to rest. The French governess e has secured her dismisal by instilling her grand eoblesse notions to propriety si into liernice's head. I'll send her away as soon as we get hack to the Castle. h He lighted his cigar and strode on ward with the crowd through Regent te circus into Regent street. rl On being left to herself, Bernice's 1e thoughts reverted to her foster parents, ry and the tears that had refused to fall ]n before,fell n-w in heavy rain. be The. violence of her grief soon ex. ou hiinsted her. Pale and with short 3g sobbing breaths, she lay back in her 'g chair like a flower nearly beaten out of id life by some fearfulstorm; and as she r- lay there thedoor softly opened and le an old woman in a rusty alpaca gown a scuttle bonnet, with a lock of gray hair n streaming out from it, and a heavy r black veil, over her face, slowly and Y silently entered the room, closing the v door behind her. r This old woman'as the reader knows e was the Hindoo ayah. 0 - CHAPTER XXXVIII. AI DEFIrITE DECISION. The old Indian ayah'a disguise was per a fect,since none of her natural traits were and Bernice could not have detected t under it her mortal enemy. It must d have been then, some subtle instinct that warned young Lady Chetwynd of the near presence of danger or perhaps e her very weakness and defencelessness made her suddenly auspicious of inten. ded harm. Whatever the reason she rose up swiftly and silently, and re. treated a few steps towards the door of her bedroom adjoining her big brown eyes dilatine, and her white face under all its calm bravery, indica ting a quick spasmodic terror. 'This is a private room, madam,' she said, with a gesture towards the door endeavouring to speak quietly. :The disguised ayah came a pace nearer, Something in her stealthy movement like the springing step of a tigt r,remoind ing Bernice of the Hindoo woman. The young marchioness made further retreat. 'If you do not withdraw immediately said her ladyship, 'I shall ring the a bell. The ayah fumbled in her pocket and drew forth a soiled scrap of paper on which some words were written. The paper was evidently intended to re present a begging letter and Rages evidently expected to pass for one of the mendicant tribe who steal into hotels and intrude upon the lodgers. The woman's hand was gloved, hobut the ayah's shawl slipped down, and a line , of black wrist was seen for an instant k above the gray cotton glove. In an instant,with the rapidity of thought Bernice'ssuspicions of evil took shape, 'l and she knew her visitor under all her disguise. fi It required all her self control to con ceal that sudden knowledge, and o eocr- u serve a calm; . unmoved face. Yet so at great was the horror that crept over her that she dared not betray that know. ledge. 'eVhat doyou want?' she demanded. 'I do not wish to see your paper. Speak I' The old syah mumbled incoherently; to it signifythast she was dumb. Tben she w moved towards young Lady Chetwynd it eatending the paper as she did so, and r Bernice's sharpened vision caught the gleam n of a glass phial in the wemar's hand. The young girl had conceived an awful r terror of the stealthyHindoo. She knew ti that the woman had followed her up to r London with intent to kill her. And II on the sco.nenut, rs the woman thus approes. chtd her wilt thie etredc4 dgouoeutf the C girl sprung back into her own nro m, and closed the door and bolted it in a panic of affright. The act announced to the Hindoo ayah that her identity was discovered. Hissing an imprecation in her own ton. gue she:moved towards Bernice's door as if to batter it down. Her habitual caution asserting itself, stle ce'mprebended that she could do nothing; that the girl being forewarned agains( her, was armed; that Bernice had but'to ring her bell to bring asrvauts to her aid' and that in short, as she discovered, nothing remained for her but retreat. She made the retreat immediately slip. ping back to her own room; and leaving her door ajar. She had barely thus hidden hereelf,when she heard a rustling sounrd in the corridor and beheld f em the floaom of her darkened oomn the powerful figure of Mrs Crowl, as that person laden with parcels, passed into Lady Chetwynd's parlour. 'I had as fine a chance as one could wish,' muttered thr old woanm; 'but the girl is as keen of scent as a bloodhound. How did she know me under this disguise Had 1 been near enough ti dash the con tents of this phial in her face, she would never have beeo able to tell who had visite4 her. There are ways enough in which I might destroy her,but there would be an inquest, and the truth might come out through her resemblance to Lady CheLwynd-her o0n self. No,1 mean to destroy her that not a breath can be uttered that will shty my mistrees's mar riage with Lord Chetwynd. I mean that she shall carry her beauty with her,' and the old woman sailed grimly. In the course of afew minutes Mrs(rowl came out into the corridor and looked up and down its dim lngth, as in search of Bernice's visitor. Then she went back 0 into Lady Chetwyad's parlour, and the r ayah heard her dotule lock the door. There was no summoning of servante,no noise no excitement, It was quite evident that Bernice did not wish to make public the story oe the malignant and threatening visit she had just received. 'She is wise in her generation,' thought the Etat Indian. 'lf she don't make any e outcry, no onetwill ask who she is, or inquire why she should have an enemy. 1 The least said the sooner mended, eh my c lady? It was true that Bernice had told Mrs Crowl of her einister visitor, but both sup. i posed that the Hindon woman had left Y the house and they.didlnot consider it wise y to raise any futile alarm. The various excitements of the evening had altogether proved too much for Ber nice to encounter and she went to her bed: Mrs Crawl, eat up to acquaint Monk with the fact of the Hindoo woman's visit. Gilbert Monk was parsing the dear on a, his way to his owareom, when Mrs Crowl 11 recoanized his step, went out and called him into Lady Chetwynd's parlour. She c, told him of Eagee's visit, and be listened rt in hborror and amazement. 'It seems then,'said lMonk that the d old Hindoo witch has discovered Ber nice's resumed name. the must have to followed us from Eastbourne to this very d hotel. She means death toBernice. We a roust watch our charge. We will leave r London In the morning, and we must eon. trive to throw that witch off our trail. If she were once to know the,way to Mawr Castle, Bernice would never be safe. She would come upon Bernice there at some unexpected moment, and kill her. This is a bad business. I am uneasy-afraid,' He went to his own room with a gloom upon him that he could not shake of. Mseanwhile Bernice, alone in her own bedroom was not asleep. She was think ing. ,ibe reviewed in detail all the events of her short life: She realized'her desol. ation, yet she shrank from living longer dependent upon Gilbert. now that he expected a recompense for all his care of her in the shape of her land in marriage. Loving her huslband with all her heart, She could not marry Monk. At daybreak,Bernice was up and dressed Mrs Crowl hoa not visited herd'ring the night and was now sleeping heavily in her own room on the other side cf the parlour Bernice put on her travelling oe'aume her only outer gatments at command. Her httle bog had been packed ty Mrs Crowl for travelling. She put on her hat, and then sat down at her window, emptied her pocket book in her lap, and counted her small hoard of money. Gilbert Monk had supplied her liberal'y during the past year with money for clothing, books and other requirements. He had given her more than one needed andthe overp:ua had been saved, and was now reidyfor the present emergency. She counted i carefully finding that she pes sesred some fifteen pounds: To Bernice that small sum seemed a fortune. She put her pocket book in her bosom and buttoned her dress and jacket over it. She tied on her scarf and her doubled gray grenadine veil. She was all ready to start and began tofind apesilive relief in the thought of battling with the world for her bread. To be continued. 