A. LIVELY GUEST. ' Yes,' said the eight clerk of the Golden Eagle, ' you see some mighty queer kind of people in this business, for a fact.' ' Dou't say ?' we replied with interest, inasmuch as even the reminiscences of a night clerk as a mitigation of boredom of a temporary sojourn in Sacramento was ' better than nothing,' as the Baptist old lady eaid when her pastor informed her that tbe Methodists would be sent to Hades for 1,000 years anyway. ' When people go oS travelling they act different from what they do at home,' con tinued the N. G. thoughtfully. ' You don't notice it eo much in tbe day time. You've got to be on the nightwatcb to see guests get off the reservation and have ghost dances.' ' Do, eh ?' *' That's whnt. F'rinetance, there was a tall, thin, kinder sad-looking chap put up here about three weeks ago, who was a high-roller from 'way back. Tbe very first night be got out on the Bad Lands and came back shouting. It took two porters and aU the bell-boys to get him up-stairs to bed. The next night be went out to a chicken fijjbt and licked a couple of hack men on the way home. He was pretty warm, I tell you.' 'Rather.' 'Tbe next night — it was 1 a.m. — be came in loaded as ut-uai. There whs » theatrical troupe in town, and two of (he actresses were about retiring as he passed up-stairs whooping like a lot of Sioux chasing a eutler'e waggon. He rapped on the actresses' door, and as they wouldn't open it, of course, be blew cigarette smoke through the keyhole and yelled 'Fire!' ' ' Made a panic, didn't it ?' '? Tbut'ti no word for is. Looked like t sheet and a p llow-caee party in an insane asylum. We read the riot act tben, but be put up h warm talk with the proprietor and squared it somehow. He was a velvet talker as sure ae you're born. The night after that he coaxed me into a dice guiue and skinned 100 outer me quicker'n a wink.' ' Mnde his expenses, eh r ' Exactly ; well, the next morninjr he came down with his head swelled find bit grip packed. Ilesuid be ba'ed to leave u*. as he'd bad encb a quiet, pleasant, genial sort of time, but duty called him and bf must away. So I made out his bill.' ' Made it pretty large, too, didn't you ?' ' 'Bout the U6ual — but wait. I banded him his account, and what do you think he eaid ?' ' Oan't imagine.' ' Why, be said 'Great Scott! don't you make a reduction to clergymen ?' ' 