'1NVI0T DAYS, -T)IHMAN’S LAND. CHRONICLES. Y ■ MOUIS. llESBltVED.] No. 7. ' ‘THE l'iU;;iOM. ^yre listened attentively -the,report of the young \ ■> I'l'nl“art'‘n3 ^e vision they hud seen ou: U.Ura^cewetery. He did not believe, lo* a ^moment, that it was a visitor from Ti7J ?',at WH3 <,hu3 ttiriue itself on tuo ‘' \ b I6t k01*5 t*le soldiers and the ollioera' mo:t nave been confronted by somethin-? vet; extraordinary, or they would not have been so startled as they were. “ 0. course, I need scarcely ask if you be licTCtn.gtiosts^’Mio queried. ’ , 'wtr63^* ws. U°V* waa the unanimoua \- Rl1 kno'v that there ate no settlers “V, “ “ thlrty Met high," be went on, witassaile. . ’ •‘Ite.objpot we saw was of quite that stsi’-’i?, replied Trench, “and it was non nresss in convict clothing. - A long heard was sue-visible.” . ' 11 Its only thing.we can do is to make un lC,lroh of tli0 islet to-day, and we ^uigut^a Bomo cl he to tho rayHtery ** said the supirmtcmlent, slowly. “ If wo have a human being to deal with (even though a giant) vc.will know how to do bo, whilst, if the virMint is of supernatural origin, it is beyond our power to interfere, and we must only. .leave it to its own nightly journeys.' ... ■ Eyre sal essentially a practical man. and during toe cay be took a number of men to. Ds&dmat;'a Isle and made a thorough search \- of it, espoially about tiro clifis where the phantom pad been seen. ‘ The quest was quite unsncot.-tiul. Certainly, there were a few yawning chasms in the great basaltic recks through which Satan or one of his imps might srho.ihrnugli, but the sound of the ski, booieui" at tee bottom of tbera, and oe caeiouahy (iu >.tormy weather) throwing up spray through the natural blow-holes, made the^supposition highly improbable. No cluo ceuldjjafound, and in a few days /,!u! condor, creatcSby the statements of the oilieers,-began to dio out, and the ghc3t seemed likely to ha forgotten. A slight excitement was created at Hobart Town when it was bruited around that the prison cemetery was haunted, and a few extra injui-itiye people visited the islet in the hope ut oatching a glimpse of the phan Their cariosity, however, waa not re el i the filth of October following, a amal! party of the officero at Port Arthur went across to Hobart Town to bo present at a dinner, given in honor of the captain and officers of the Ehip Argua, by'the leading residents of the town. This vessel was a convict ship, and it was nearly six years previously since she had visited Sullivan’s Cove with prisoners. The gathering was a largo one, and held in the commodious public hall. Almost the same officers managed the ship as on the first voyage—six years back—and they were re garded aa old acquaintances by the town folk. Lieutenant Trench and his two companions of the fishing expedition were amongst tho guests, and appeared to enjoys themselves very much. Such pleasurably'gatherings were not frequent- iu those'" days. After scanning, the company ior some; time, the lieutenant's eyes became suddenly rivetted on one of tho cnests near tho lower. or.d of the room. His g3:e was fixed'upon the un conscious rnau with a:- curious puzzled ex pression. but, tf-sr a few moments; he turned to his companion, and asked him if he knew the person ho had been looking'at.' " I believe bis name is Tregnrcha, and, 1 understand, ho is a settlor of means. I have only seen him once before, and that was iu the pailorof theHacquariehotel,"responded -the mail addressed. This did not enlighten Trench very much, and for a time he forgot the face which had so interested him. During tho evening, ] when the proceedings became free, he found I himself at.tho.'lower end of the room with | onu of ins fishing companions. Looking across the table, fcs ngain saw the man that fie was told was named Trcgurtna. The latter was conversing with the second officer of the ship Argun, and the two appeared to :.. ha intimate frieurfeV “Have you ever seen that man before, Edwards ?” Drench asked, pointing to Tre gurtha. “It seems to mo I have, and yet I don’t know him. There is something familiar about tho face, but I don’t even know his name,” answered his companion. Not caring io trouble himself further about the matter, tho lieutenant entered into the festivities of the evening with zeet. It was Bomctimo near midnight when he left the I sxoited group, amongst wbiah bo had been .standing, and walked towardB a wing of the building, which bad been made into an arti ficial fern cell for those who might wish to temporarily escape , the heated room. Ho was looking at, and admiring an immense fern-tree, when, through a lull in the noise which came from the main hall, he distinctly heard voices near him, and he oaught the words, “ Daauman’s Isle.” That spot had a peouliar interest ior him since tho ghostly incident, and his attention was instantly aroused. “ I am thinking of leaving the place ana making for the old land again. Since the prison has been built, th9 plaoe ie dangerous Ior me. The fact that it is now a oemetery brings too many people to it.” This wa3 spoken in a graS voice that was not familiar to the iieutenant, and the toneH of tho answering speaker were equally strange. “ I am told that the plaoe is haunted, so that you ought not to havo many visitors, especially at night, which is the time you want to yourseli. But I quite ngreo with your aesiro to return to England, for your life must bo a dreary one.” “ Yea; it’s beginning to tell upon me. The j eternal booming ol the ocean has got i monotonous, and I deteat it. Yes, 1 have | heard that the ialet ia haunted, and, would you believe it, Grooves, two aaarehes have aotually been made to find the ghost." j At this Trench, who was eagerly FidtSning, | heard tho two men indulge in a hearty laugh. | He was most desirous of seeing who they i were, but he did not care to move, as it might j betray hiB whereabouts, and he would thus i lose the conversation. | “ I suppose you managed the ghost | business, Penfold?” was the next words ho | heard. . I . “Yea; I produced an illusion or two, j thinking it might lreop intruders away, but | it hasn’t done so. However, it amused me, | and proved that I have not lost any of my i \- old ounning in the use of tho glasses.” I ■ Tho approach ol a gueBt, in a rather jolly | mood, here put an end to the talk as be went j in the direction of the voices, and Trench j heard him say : : ! “ Gome oh, old fellow. It’s not evTry Ouy j \ye see yon, and thore’a Borne spleudid wine still left.” , Tne importunate friend was net to oe denied, and, as tho three men passed out o! tho ferns, the lieutenant was astonished to see that the two speakers, whom he had over heard, were Tregnrtlia and the second officer of tho convict ship Argus. ” What can these two men have in com mon," Trench muttered. And he called him Tenfold. That must bo his name, and not Tregurtlui. What can he mean about Dead man’e Isis and the ghost. He spoke as if he knew all abont it. By Jove,” the yonng man broke out, excitedly. ” He must be the ' ghost himself. I thought thero was some thing in his face that I knew. The contour of tho head and the queer long beard were the same an thoso of the phantom. They impressed thomselves on my memory, and I shell look farther jnto thin,” Oc course, had Trench known nnything Jabout tiro csosipe of Penfold soma years be i^ore, it is'moro than probable that: ho would have an idea that tha man before him had something in common with ihe escaped con vict; but, as it was, kb knew nothing of the -unfortunate felon’s wonderful escape, and was, therefore, at a loss to account for a true hypothesis oi their remarkable conversa ble determined to watch the two men that night to try and tind out further information, but after waiting until 3 a.m., until they left the hall, lie only discovered that they went to tha Macquarie hotel, and wero admitted: He returned to his companions, es thoy I were to eail for the prison at four o’aloolt, j but he did not tell them anything about the | conversation ho had heard. When he reached | the prison, he went nt ones to Superinten dent Eyre and narruted what had come to his knowledge. “ What name did you say that the officer called his companion ?” asked Eyre. “ Penfold. I wrote it down so that I I 'should not forgot it,” answered tho young j officer. The superintendent wi nt. to a shelf, and taking down a well-hound book, looked through it before speaking again. “Ou tho 22nd ol April, 1820, No; 129 (Robert Penfold) escaped from the Hobart Town prison, and up to date ho has not been recaptured, Tho manner of hiB eFoapo was a mystery, and it is supposed that the convict perished in the forest,” Evro er.id aloud, looking at the lieutenant. “ Would it not be strange,” he continued, " if this Penfold were identical with tho missing man. And yet it is hardly possible that he could have remained about tae settlements without de tection. Unless, indeed, he had good friends. He must have had good friends, too, or he could not have escaped. Who did you BBy ' waB his conrpauion ?” he conoluded. j " Tiie seoond officer of the convict ehiu Argus. I heard him called Grceves. lie was one of tho ohief guests of the even- j ing.” 11 The Argus, the Argus,” mused the super- j intindent. “ Why, that’a the name of the ship that was in tho harbor when Penfold escaped, some six years ago.” ’■ ires, sir. I beard it etated nt the dinner that she was here once before about that period.” j Well, I think there is something of im- j portance in your discovery. Pet, I cannot understand what Penfold can have to do with the ghost business, as he said. He certainly could not have concealed himself onDeadman’s Isle for Bix years, and, had he been there for six years, wo would have ; found him. However, wo may learn more, as I will tell oil a clover man to watch him. Re ready to go to Hobart Town in an hour’s time to point out Penfoid and Greevesto the man I will send with yon. When you do that, you may remain in town until the fol lowing morning and return with the In an hour’s time Trench was back in the office, where he found the superintendent and Constable Chapman, who was a born deteo tive. In company with Trenoh he left for Hobart Town, where they were fortunate enough to find Greeves Bnd Tregnrtha—or Penfold, for that was his proper name—in one of tho private parlors of the Macquario Chapman shadowed them until night, end near eight o’clook they left the hotel, and proceeded toward the river Derwent. Lieutenant Trench met Chapman in tho street, following the two men, and be accom panied him. GreaveR and Penfold reaehed the river, and in a few minutes the spies saw that they had a boat, and that it might be necessary to obtain another to pursue. This Chapman Eoon did, and in company with the young officer he followed the men, who were making towards the mouth of the Great oare was necessary to prevent de tection, but tho pursuers were keeping a eafe distance away. The ocean whs eoon reached, and then it was apparent that Penfold and hia companion were heading towards Headman's Isle. The sea was Baiootli, hut ths distance wa3 long, and several hours passed before tbe boats came in sight oi tho frowning cliffs of Tasman’s Peninsula. Soon thoy entered Port Arthur, and tbo silvery streaks of light, made by the dipping oars of the shadowed men, showed plainly that they were making straight ior the islet. “ We must risk going closer to them,” said Chapman. “They have evidently no idea of their being followed." Bending to their oars, they rapidly neared iho island. Tho moon was rising, and the first boat was seen to make Btraight under the jutting cliffs on the aouth-east side. “ They surely cannot land there,” Bpoke Trench. . . , When he looked again tho boat had disap peared, and not a sign of her could be fonnd, although the skiff; containing the pursuer.', paddled along the side of the rooks where she was last seen. Thoy were rather puzzled at this, for no opening largo enough to ac count for the disappearance was vieible, but as they rowed back for tho seoond time, a peculiar conformation of the rooks caught Chapman’s eye. “There must bo some waterway about here where a boat can be concealed, and I be lieve it is about this place,” he said. The lieutenant looked in the direction his comrade pointed, and ho could plainly see great fissures and water-worn cavities in tho rotten basalt faoe. He was scanning the oliff in the hope of being able to find a prob able spot, where 1’enfold and bis friend might have vanished, when ho oaugbt Bight of a thin Btreak of light, about half way up the strong wall. There was no mistaking it. . A gleam of light issuing from a craok or | hole it evidently waB. “ Look, Chapman 1 What does that light mean ?” he eagerly asked, “ We muBt Bee by some means. There must bo a Becret entrance here to a cavern, and our friends are in it at present. I don’t see bow-we are to reach that gleam of light; but wo must try.” Tho boat was now under an overhanging edge of rock, and tho rugged face of tbe cliff, which stood out clearly in the moon light, gave promise of securo footing. '• Keep the boat here, and I will try and climb LbGHG rocks. I think that i can do so,” whispered Chapman to his com panion. Divesting himself of a superfluous coat, the constable caught bold of the rocky ledge, and, \pth the aid of hiB companion, soon swung himself on to it. Then with the ut most care, he slowly climbed to the Bpot he i wanted to reach, and which, like a beacon, (was guiding him onwards. Two or three i times the soft rock crumbled beneath his j feet, but ho was wary and did not relax liia | grip on the firmer stones. Bsaohing the I small fissure bo looked in, but could see j nothing, as it curved, and the opening was j uoo amall to permit of a proper ob3erva j U°h'o saw at the firBt glance that the light is I suing from the place was an artificial one, I and, with the instinct of the detective, he bent j his head and placed his ear to tho cre | A.' distant hum only reached him, whioh ! might bo the moaning of the eea imprisoned j in tho subterranean caverns or. human | voices, hut ha could not detect wbiob. He I made a careful examination of the locality i immediately around, and put marks in ( several places bo that he would be able to. j recognise the spot again. While he was doing this ho heard his nama faintly whispered, and, recognising | ji,s tones as that of his companion, he hastily descended. « Hist," spoke the voice of Trench. “ Come j back to the boat. I hoar tho sound of voices and tho splash of oars apparently at the back of tho cliff.” * ----— . “ Suiagglor’s Cave,” in next week’s issaue, will continue and conclude the mystery of Deadman’s Isle. It will bs one of the most interesting chapters in this oonviot history, and will show how g^eat emergencies will bringout wonderful qualities in a man. 