NOTES. 875\. ' Brothers of the Common Life.' In. these days of fraternities, guilds, etc., it is interesting to note the first establish ment of such organisations, which was, I believe, the ' Brotherhood of the Common Life,' founded by Gerard Groote, a priest j and John Hamtnerlein, an aitificer in gold and silver, who lived in the town of Keai-, Den. about 40 miles from Cologne. In the fourteenth century it was necessary to protect the town bj walls and a moat, for not far from Kempen lived Count Engel bert of Mark, a fierce, brutal lord, whose name long continued to be a threat to dis obedient children, Great consternation prevailed in the sunny month of August, 1892, just as the vintage was begun, when news came that the Count was pillaging the country around the town, and that he had already carried off two hundred cart loads of new wine, and ten thousand gul dens. Every man in Kempen . took arms, and the strength of the defences exhaust ing the patience of the besiegers, the red bearded Count and his followers moved on to districts where it was easier sport to terrify the women and children, and to cob the industrious citizens and farmers of their hardly earned substance. When peace and' security were re established, a quaint procession passed through the heavy Romanesque archway of the church of St. Peter, and the towns people of Kempen made the richly frescoed walls re-echo with their chant of deliver ance. The hearts of the inhabitants of this little town were specially open to religions impressions, for they had been recently stirred by the vigorous words ot Tauler, a Dominican monk, wlo had been driven from Strasburg during the Interdict, and his words found a ready response in ths hearts of the people. He,, taught no creed ?which involved the selfish isolation of the heart within its own emotions and experi ences, but incited his hearers instead to workB of love, and held up before them the secret by which all human joys and duties and sorrows may be converted into fine go'd and frankincense and myrrh. 'One can spin,' he said, ' another ran make shoes, and all these are gifts of the Holy Ghost. I tell you if I were not a priest I, would esteem it a great gift that I was able to make shoes, and would try to make them so well as to be a pattern to all.' Among the inhabitants of Kempen, John BCammerlein, an' artificer in gold and silver, listened with peculiar enthusiasm to these herald-notes of the restoration of true religion, and placed his house in tire precincts of the church at the disposal of Tauler. Gerard Groote, a priest, whoso, name is equally famous as a leader in this movement, was also a frequent visitor at Hammerlein's house, and helped Tauler in the discussions which were eagerly sought by many enquirers. iHammerlein's wife Gertrude and his little son Thomas, who afterwards became the celebrated Thomas & Kempis, were present on these occasions, and the words then spoken made so great an impression on the boy that one of his biographers Baid of him, 'The little sparks in his tender soul were blown into a flame, which failed not to manifest itself as he grew up.' Every day he learnt verses from the German translation of the Bible, which Tauler and Groote inscribed on slips of parchment and lent to their followers. And he also learnt and repeated to his mother the go] den alphabet drawn up for the children by Tauler. . , , . , . This seems to have been his sole educa tion until he was twelve years old, when he was sent to Deventer, where his elder brother John had been at school for some years. On the rare occasions when news .came to Kempen of John Hammerlein, mention was always made of his progress in learning, and also of the favour shown to- him by the Brothers of the Common Life, who had established one of their first ? houses in the town. This Brotherhood had grown out of the Association of Ecribes employed by Tauler .and CJroote in translating and copying the 'Bible into German. After a time ff loren- tius, the young Vicar of Deventer, pro posed to Groote that he and three clerks copying with him should put their earnings into a common fund and live together. 'Live together,! exclaimed Groote, 'the monks would prevent us !' ' But what is to Mnder us from trying ?' persisted Floren tiue ' It may be that God will grant ua success.' 'Well then/ said the Groote, *in God's name begin. I will be your advocate, and faithfully defend you.' And so F lorentius and hib companions were established in a house on the banks of the Bollis Beek, a stream that 30ms the Tssel at Deventer. With the Church distracted by divi ? gions, the priesthood degraded by in numerable scandals, and the country tyrannised over by suoh marauders as Count Engelbert of Mark, it is not sur prising that many people followed this example, adopting the title of the Brothers and Sisters of the Common Life. Some of the members continued to live with their families, but the majority withdrew into '- houses, living together without monastic vows. They do not seem to have renounced the control ©f their possessions, but merely to have thrown what -waft superfluous into a common stock, which they employed in building their church and house, and in defraying the missionary journeys under taken by some of the members. Their lives were fully occupied, their hands were ever ready for works of mercy among ~) their friends and neighbour*, and their feet were swift in doing good. They taught regularly in all (he schools within reach, and when the time came for young John of Kempen, Thamas's elder brother, to leave school, he had no greater ambition than to become one of the Brotherhood who had guided and helped him in all his studies. The Brothers nn Mount St. Agnes had much to contend with. The monks, as Groote had predicted, looked with sus picion on them, and as reformers of the way of life they were unpopular with the majority of the townspeople of Zwolle. Their coffers also were pooily supplied, and their fare was often more than frugal. Once when there seeni d to be no prospect of food for the next day, their fears were allayed by the arrival or Thomab's old friend the Cure of St. Almelo, bringing with him a gift of large stores for the House on »he Hill. In the meantime the great work for which they stinted themselves in sleep and food was slowly progressing, a chinch, in vkich they and the neighbouring dwellers in the huts scattered over the downs could worship. This was a Berious undertaking for a few men with scanty purses, labour ing themselves with hod and trowel, chisel and saw. In the midst of the work, when the walls were Huilo and most of the wood prepared for the roof, tbe masier spirit, Prior John h. Kerupia, was called away to found another House at Bommel. But the Brothers made a wise choice in asking Willian of Windesheim to succeed him, for the new Prior possessed qualities ?which attracted many laymen to the House, and some of these guests left rich gifts behind them as a testimony of grati tude for the spiritual privileges they had experienced under its roof. These giftB were used to erect a pulpit and seats for the choir, to procure rich vestments for the clergy, and to adorn the sacrariwn with frescoes. And so these humble-minded men laboured away, unmindful of earthly ambition and gain, and it is in a great measure due to the ' Brethren of the Com mon Life' that we owe that priceless gift Thomas a Kempis, 'Imitation of Christ.' — E.H.T. 