CHAPTER XIY. THE ESC ATE. "I should liiic to know wbai'3 come over thst jiirl! Look st her, Jacques ! This is the third time she's bounced up from the table to rua to the winder and stare out. And it cornea of ber gaddin' up to that old madhouse S8 ssuoh. 1 tell ye, Jacques, that's what ails and no thin' else, and a stop must be pu&ro; it." Dame Fcs&is; delivered this rather indig nant outbuast as she sat at eupper with her husband, oa the self-same afternoon upon" which our ls§$ chapter closes. "Hush, etasie," responded stolid JacqnaB, j helping higjgelf to another bowl of por ridge ; " dofs'$ let yonr tongue run away with your witc. What harm can some of the lass walking uniss the trees at Meant Chate&a; roux erahain't a catcbin' disease, as ever I've heard. 313'twas, my wits would ha' been gone long g£r, I'm s tbinkin'." Just thes <£osie draws in her curly head, and turns f® her father, with flashed cheeks and eyes ail a-giitter. "Oh, for mercgfe Gak«/ implores Bess, catching hold j of the gki's arm, ** doa't leave me 1" I I "Papa," ehs says, "I see the carriage ! from Nivernt^S Court coming down the lane." " Well, liters one, 'tain't likely it's coming here," repllss Jacques. «• We don't have visitors irons Sivernois Conrt." " Sit dowsed eat that bowl of porridge," commands tiss dame, severely. Josie is a@ obedient girl, and Bhe loves this stern, seseible "dame," so she begins to eat her porsldge with that vigor of will which is her gssat characteristic. But the clatter of hegfe and wheels in the yard very soon pa® an end to the frugal evening meal. Jacques steSSS up from the table and rnns to the door, followed by bis wile, bat Josie hangs fe&sk;, with an eager look in her ' eyes, and a vivpl bloom on her round cheeks. It is the cagSage from Nivernois Court,and amii the efsfcen cushions sits Lord St Aubyn himsgil. He leans est and lo.oks inquiringly about, and his ey€£ gatch sight of Josie, who has approached the window. She nods and makes a ewift and silent gesture. " N°®c ray good friend," snealts out the marquis, assured by her gesture that all is right, and addressing Jacques, who Etands bareheaied and astonished before him," can you give me your attention for a few i minutes i If you can, f "stink I have some thing to suggest that r jy prove a benefit to I us both." " I am at your a- -ice, my lord," replies Jacques. " Can't you aeC lis lordship to get down, and walk it-'/ cries the dame, re provingly. " I suppose I ir ght. My lord, will you get down and cr je in ?" " No," replF a his lordship, blandly. " You i just etep up Hire and take a seat beside me, I and we'll drjve ont towards Mount Chateau roux, an^ you shall hear what I have to say on theay." Jac<Saes leaps up, and is soon seated .upon the sfeken cushions, in rather a dubious 1 manner, and the grand carriage, with its blooead-bays, rolls olowly away. The dame sheties her eyes with her hand and looks | cuJloGsly after it. " Now what does his lordship want, I'd like to know ?" she mutters. "And ten to one Jacques won't let a word cut when he comes j hooie, be is so close- mouthed." I Josie watches the handsome equipage, too, j and when it disappears, runs into the house, j with a flushed iace, and begins to gather up ! the supper dishes in an eager and excited manner, that confirms the dame in her idea that "crazy" if a catching malady, j Meantime tbe Nivernois carriage nears the great iron gates of the madhouse, and Lord St. Aubyn gazes out towards the grim tur rets with a strange thrill, belt horror, half blissful expectation, si his heart. Can it be true that the little girl that be loved, as he I shall never love another living woman, lan guished a prisoner in that horrible place? It | must be all a delusion. Lady Cassandra could never have done such a heartless deed. But he must go on—he must see the end of it. He turns to the wondering peasant at his Bide. '• Now, my man, to come to the point at once, would you like to change yonr occupa tion ?" - "Yes, my lord, for better pay," replies Jacques, unhesitatingly. I i His lordship nods approvingly. want a head groom at Nivernois ;oouit. Yon understand about horses? Very I well, whatever your pay I'll double it. j Will that do?" i J icq uea looks up, amazed. " Idy lord, you are very kind " N..," interrupts St. Aubyn, "I want you to do me a fa-nr, and this is one of my in auccnjentf. Here is another." lie takes from bis pocket a green silk puree, filler] to the clasp with glittering gold, I iiHti pats it iii the is&per;'js h&nde.; I '* Now," be sajs, before the man lias had time to speak, "I'il uama my favor, my good fellow. I've a friend un there"— pCiUlmg towards the dark turrets of the rsadocu-e—■" & dear friend. She's a deli cate, tenser girl"—his voice Ehakiag—"and ! ebe was pledged to be my wife. They told j me Ehe died, and for two years I've mourned ! for hc-r. To-dcy I find she's in there—not I mad, mind you, but a prisoner, buried i olive. | ^ He stops and wipes the great drops from his ashen brow, while Jacoues stores at him in wonder. " Now," continues St. Aubyn, " I might demand her—force them to give her up to me; but thei takes time, you see, and would cause trouble and delay. All tbiB I must avoid, and I must have her out this night. Will you help me J" " What can I do ?" inquires Jacques, help lessly. " Let the gate remain open to-night, only for a short time, and shut your eyes and ears to all you see and heBr. The rest will be managed by others. So take the gold, and keep it for a rosrriiige-pcrtjon for Tout pretty, black eyed daughter. You'll do it—a deed of mercy ?" Jacques muses a moment, his eyes on the plethoric purse, his brain busy with Josie's future; then he looks up, and answers stoutly: " Yes, my lord, I'll do it." •' Spoken like a man ! And when do you come to live at Nivernois Court f" " The first of the month, my lord." " Very well. Drive me back, now, Ed wards." The carriage rolls back the way it came, and Jacques gets out at his own door. " For mercy's sake, husband, what did his lordship want ?" cries the dame tbe instant he enters the house. "Nothing," responds Jacques, quietly, " only we're going to Nivernois Court the first of the month." " To live ?" excitedly shrieks the amazed woman. Jacques only nods; but Josie can read his face like a boob, and she sees that all is ng rit. A great , hoarse keVi, in one of the grim turrets of Mount Chateauroux, tolls for mid night. biiencc as of the grave reigns within sua ftrouna the queer old place. A solitary sentinel paces np and down the long corridor that faces the indices line of cells, hut the doors 8T3 all eo strongly and so securely locked, and the inmates have bc6n so ad mirably trained under the rnle of Dr. Lenoir, that no outbreak or attempt to escape is an ticipated, and it is no unusual thing for the guard of the hour to slumber at bis post, leaning against one of the huge stone piliars, or seated in the old leather arm-chair at the > end o! the corridor. The guard dozes now, sitting In thG chair, with his feet elevated high above bis bead, and a long-stemmed pipe in his month— dozes and puffs away again at intervals, taking all the comfort to himself that his situation affords. His trained ear can catch the faintest sound, and on an instant's warning he would be np and in pursnit of any poor soul who should be foolhardy enough to attempt an esoape. In her cell down below, on her knees, in the dead, hot drrkness, with the little shining key clasped in her thin white hands, poor Bess waits and watches. She has heard the bell toll for midnight, and, like a devout nan counting her beads, she kneels there trying to connt tbe laggard moments as they pass. In an hoar's time, as nearly as she can tell, she muBt make the attempt. She knows too well, if she should fail, no other ohancewill ever come to her; and she lifts her wan face in the dark ness, and asks God to help her, as a helplesa little child might ask an earthly father. Oh, to breathe the free, pare air once more; to be away, from all these poor, witless faces ; to get out into the world, and make her way back to the old cantonment, andilo Bedmond Carew 1 That is her dream, as she kneels there; that has been her dream for over two long years. Strangely enough, all the yearning of her imprisoned heart go out towards the old, faithful love of her girlhood. She scarcely ever thinks of the man who held her later promise to become his wife, Lord St. Aubyn. He seems to have been lost to her with a 12 that brief, feverish life Ehe led at Mount Storm House, and she has no wish to reclaim him, her old life and her earliest love fill her soul so completely. She rises to her feet in the solemn, silent darkness, and groping with her hands, after some little trouble she inserts the key in the lock. It fits; she turns it with a slow, noise less motion, and her prison door is open. For one short instant she stands gasping for breath, a dull, roaring sound in her ears, a tremor in her limbs. But she remembers Joere and JoBie's warning, and her strength returns to her as suddenly as it went. She takes the key from the lock, slips out, and olosing the cell door, she locks it from the outside, removes the key, and hides it in her bosom. Then ehe starts down the long, black corridor with a step like the wind. A. dim light glimmers at the far end, revealing the double line of-cells, and the guard dozing and snicking in the old ohair. ' She fl.tB .along like a shadow, and has al most readied the far end, her heart throb | bing violently as sbenears the guard, when all at once the flap over one of the cell win dows flies up, and a wild, woeful face peers out, the face of a maniao woman. Her blood | shot eyes glare out into the semi-glcoin, and light on Eeesae she fl-c-s along, and then a wild shriek rings cat upon the silence. " There she goes ! Catch her—catch her! There goes the pale-faced ghost 1" The gaard is on his feet in an instant, and dashing down towards the ceil. Half a dozen ' keepers, roused by the unusual outcry, start up iD different- directions and hnrry to tbe spot; and pocr Bess, more dead than alive, totters on till ehe reaches the old chair, and then, with the instinct of a wild creature brought to bay, she crouches down behind it. 