\- RELIGIOUS. I'The key to the enigma cabled from Wash ington a few .weeks back relating to the dis turbance at. the Methodist (Ecumenical con ference arrived by the last mail. Mr. Heury Jonn Atkinson, the lay spark who lireu the theological mine, is the Conservative mem ber of Parliament for Boston (Eng.), a great man in the shipping world, equally pro- rainent in the Methodist world, aud once Mayor of Hull. He is the same gentleman who recently defied the Speaker of the Hotise of Commons over a trivial matter, and evoked the displeasure of its members. Prom this and his strange behavior at the con ference in question Mr. Atkinson would seem to be developing a soft place under the hat. Mr. Atkinson's first bone of contention was the exclusion of laymen from the president's chair. " I have an uncontrollable desire," he alfirmed, "to knockdown some Americau bishop. If I can't do it from the chair I fear 1 shall be compelled to do so from the floor." Later iu the same session a discussion took place on the temperance question, when Mr. Atkin son, in a heated speech, spoke of the Primitive Methodists' connection with im postors, which immediately stirred the indig nation of the delegates of that Church. One rose to a point of order, complaining that the speaker had called the Primitive Methodists impostors, and wished that the offending words should bo retracted. Mr. Atkinson ' denied that he had meant to imply that any section of Methodists were impostors, and btfgged tlie chairman to " knock the interrupter down," meaning that tlie latter should be rapped to order. Mr. Atkin son's expression led to great confusion. The Primitive Methodist delegates all rose to their feet demanding a retraction and threatening to withdraw from the conference. Mr. Atkinson, however, despite appeals, refused to retract his words or to apologise, and when the Primitive Methodists still per sisted iu their demand he spoke of what he characterised as their lt stupidity" in forcible terms. At this point the president, seeing that there was no chance of restoring har mony, declared the sitting adjourned. The early part of the next session was taken up in receiving apologies and administering balm. Tlie effect of this scene was perhaps heightened by its contrast with others which had gone beiore. At the previous session, when the question of Methodist re-union was under discussion, the Doxology was spon taneously sung amid great enthusiasm and numbers of the delegates were in tears. The next session broke up iu disorder while some of the chief actors' were stamping with ill- concealed indignation. General Booth has been, and seen, and vanished ; how far he has conquered is a matter of opinion. In most of his later references to the over-sea colony, tho atten tive listener might have detected an under tone of sadness, for despite his kingly recep tion the General has gone away disappointed. His hopes, indeed, it was evident, were only kept from sinking through the peculiar irro- pressibility of his nature, which, amid tho most untoward surroundings, is as buoyant as a corked bottle. But the General must have Iiis little joke, let the circumstances be lively or severe, and so as a parting shot he shook his fist at tlie Victorians and warned them that if Australians would not have his proposed colonists they would have them in heaven. " What a place that would be for my submerged tenth I You Australians won't have my oversea colony. Well, they will have it up there. First of all, of course, they must be reformed, as they would be before they were sent anywhere. Besides, they won't corrupt them up there, as I am afraid tlie Australians would down here. When I go back I will have to say, 1 The rich people will have you, but the poor wont ; so yon must go to heaven.'" Gilbertian satire could scarcely be keener. In cither case though the cost of transit must be a serious item. In several of the Anglican Churches of the Diocese of Sydney sermons are to be preached and collections made to-morrow on behalf of the Church Society. Rev. T. J. Malyon has resigned the pas torate of the Harris-street Baptist Church, with tlie intention, we believe, of accepting a call to the Baptist Church at South Yarra (Vie.) The health of Rev. Canon Moreton is much improved. Confirmation services will be conducted by tho Primate at Christ Church, Gladesville, on Tuesday, and at AU Saints', HunlerVhill, on Thursday next. The three Roman Catholic clergymen nomi nated by the Bishops of Australasia for the position of firstBishopof Tasmania aro Very Rev. Monsignor Vurdon, president of St. Pat rick's Ecclesiastical College, Manly, Sydney; Very Rev. Dean Bcechiuor. of Launcesion ; and Rev. J._ L. Hcgarty, of East St. Kilda. Monsignor Vcrdon H a nephew of the late Cardinal Oullcn, Archbishop of Dublin, ami a cousin of Cardinal Moran. Dean Beeehinor is considered moat likely to receive the ap pointment. Changes and rumors of changes have been rife in the ranks of the Salvation Anny throughout the colonies during the past week or two. Among tlie latest gazette notices appear the names of Major Peart, who lias been appointed to the oversight of aflairs in Queensland, and Major Iioskins, who suc ceeds Major I'eart as secretary to Brigadier Rothwell. The ATew South Wales Eastern Division is to he divided into two indepen dent commands, tlie central aud the south eastern, with Major Quick aud Major Hors- kins respectively iu charge. Rev. John Day Thompson, a minister of considerable ability and influence in Eng land, is mentioned as tho possible successor to the late Rev. Hugh Gilmore, at tho North Adelaide Primitive Methodist Church. Rev. W. R. Fletcher, M.A., of Adelaide, is visiting West Australia for the purpose of inquiring into the work of tlie Congrega tional Churches in that colony, with a view to answering some inquiries recently made on tho subject bv the Congregational Union of England and Wales. Now that the colony is self- governing it is thought that further work might be undertaken there with advantage. Rev. Matthew Morris, of Tamworth, has received a unanimous call to tlie pastorate of the Ipswich (Q.) Baptist Church, and his friends at Tamworth, where he has become very popular, are considerably exercised about the matter. Rev. A. J. and Mrs. Small, who have been spending their furlough conducting mis sionary meetings in New South Wales and Queensland, leave Sydney for Fiji on Mon day next. Tlie executive of the Baptist Union of New South Wales are already making preparation for the due eclehratiou of the missionary centenary next year, in conjunction with the Baptist Churches the world over. One thou sand eeuteuary medals have been ordered, and every effort will be nut forth to make the celebration worthy of tlie occasion. The Wcslcyan Church in this colony at auyrate believes in the power of the press, for to-morrow has been set apart as a clay for pleading the claims of the projected new penny paper, the i\fe(hodist which is to make its first appearance in January. Thus the Weekly Advocate. "Tlie chair- mau of tlie Queensland district writes to say that our home missionary in Paradise has resigned." The Presbyterian Church Extension [Com mittee notify the following appointments to take effect from December 6 until further notice Wellington, Rev. W. H. Meek; Condobolin, Rev. G. Keith ; Hillstou, Rev. W. F. Brown ; Ballina, Rev. D, Fulton ; Dulwich, Rev. J. J, Fergusson ; Goulburn (Trinity), Rev. G. S. Moorhead ; TcutcrficM, Rev. J. T. Thorburn; New: own. Rev. W. Bradley; Woodburn, Rev. A. G. Miehio; Middle Clarence, Rev. J. Lau rie ; Wallsend, Rev, T. Steele; Culcairn, Rev. .J. Edwards; Gitlgeng, Rev. W. Dobbie; Sunny Corner, Rev. J. F. MacAlister: North St. Leonards, Rev. H. Young; Walgett, Rev. G. Milne; Woolwich, Rev. J. Sinairl. A novelty iu the shape of a birthday league has been established in connection with the Yarra-street (Geeloug) Wcsleyau Sunday- school with very laudable aims. Anyone may join tlie league who will promise to give or collect on their successive birthdays any sum from 5s to £5, to be devoted to any or all of the following objects; — To support a waif in Dr. Stephenson's Homo, London; lo help the childreu in tlie Livingstone Home, Melbourne ; to maintain a boy and girl in tho Wcsleyau Orphanages, India ;jto sustain a native teacher in New Britain or New Guinea; to train an African boy in the Congo Mission ; or to carry on town mission work. Rev. A. J. Griilitli is preaching a series of Sunday evening sermons on Elijah at tho Croydon Congregational Church. Rev. Father Brennan, professor of the Holy Ghost College, Ballarat, died on Sun day last. Rev. J. B. Cribble has forwarded his re signation of the Anglican cure at Adclong to tlie Bishop of tlie dioocso witli tlie object of superintending tlie new aboriginal mission station in the north of Queensland. Rev. Father Murray has severed his con nections atCooktown(Q.),in order to take up work in connection with the Catholic mis sion at Ecluica (Vie.) The pulpit of Wliarf street (Brisbane) Con gregational Church is tube supplied for three months by Rev. J. Phillips, late of South Melbourne. The Sydney Presbyterian publishes an in teresting interview with Mr. H. M. Stanley on missionary matters in general. Rev. E. Handel Jones, of St. Jvilda (Vie.), has accepted the pastorate of the Williams- town Congregational Church. 