MML HEWS. Engliflli Gossip. (FROM OUK SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.) j LONDON,' Mabch 20. ] The wiater, unprecedented in its severity; has net left as without another cruel buffet. LaBt ; Monday week we were visited with a enow-storm j auch 'as has not teen 'expei fenced «iuce the famous ] ' blizzard ' of January, 1881., It was, indeed, an ; awful night. The Victoria steamboat* with the French mails, was 12 hours and a-holf in making the passage between Dover and Calais. H.M.S. Monarch, encaged in laving the new telephonio cable across the Channel, was all bat lest. Oar Northern and Western coasts were strewn with wrecks. Many railway trains were snowed np, and in some cases the passengers and engine-driven suffered dreadfully from cold end exposure. Thou sands of sheep perished on the Welsh hills. The snowstorm, with a few intervals, lasted from Monday evening to the small boors of Tuesday morning, and such a fail, it is said, has never before been known ia the month of March. One effect of this etrangie winter is the extra ordinary scarcity of vegetables. Cabbages are hardly to be procured, and it takes four or five o£ them to make a respectable disb. The tiniest let tuces fetch sixpence each, aed r&diBbea; are a luxury for the wealthy. 1 have never seen Covent Garden market look so dismal and so empty at this time ef year — in fact, these whofe coals Eoar above potatoes are almost entirely dependent on supplies fetched from such distant places as Jersey or the Azores. A day or two ago I was takon over the Naval Exhibition by , Captain Jephson, R.N., who is the secretary te the committee. This exhibition, which will be opened on the let of May, promises to be the most interesting that has been seen in London for ; some years. It occupies about 20 acres of ground near Chelsea Hospital. Probably the raost inter eating exhibit will te a full-sized model of the lower deck of the Victory, On one side there will be tbe mess-tables, hammocks, and other things just as in Nolson's time, and on the other, the deck will be cleared for actioo as at Trafalgar, and the sailors and marines io attendance will be in the dress of that da_r. Below in the cockpit, the scene of Nelson's death will be represented by wax figures modelled by Madame Tuesaud's successors. In modelling the face of the dying Admiral a mask will be used, actually taken from ' his face after death. Then there will be a pano rama of tbe battle of Trafalgar as seen from the quarter-deck of the Victory. In a large lake in the grounds there will be mimic encounters between j models of ironclads who will engage each other, and J he attacked by torpedoes. In another part of the i grounds the main deck of a modern cruiser will be shown with its quick-firing guns, machine-gun?, and : torpedo apparatus. The relics shown will be very numerous, and will include Captain Cook's quad rant (a Esost unwieldy instrument), and numerous relics obtained by the Franklyn search expedition?. Her Majesty will also show the two silver models of ships which were her Jubilee present from the Royal Navy. These are exceedingly beautiful works, and, though on a small scale, they are so accurate that not even a bucket is muting. After thoy had been given to the Queen it was discovered tbat tome of the eld Kings of Englaed used to hare a silver j model ef a ship on the table before them whenever j they dined, as a kind of emblem of their sovereignty j of tho sea*. The Queen was greatly pleased when j she heard this, aud imnieiialelj had one of her own silver models mounted as a dinner-table centre piece. 'When a certain school begin to talk about art having no connection with morality — a perfectly true remark when properly understood — you know what they mean — they are about to excuse some nastineE8. This seems the object of the Inde pendent Theatre Society. The ladies and gentlemen forming this association produce plays at a theatre to which only subscribers are admitted. Thus they imagine that they are free from the Lord Chnmberlain's jurisdiction, and can produce plays which he certainly would not license. Last Satur day they produced Ibsen's play, 'The Ghosts'' Of this play Mr. Grein, the manager ef the Independent Theatre wiites thus: — 'Much,' he says, 'has been done in speech and writing to misinterpret my intentions, to accuse me of a craving for the ugly. But let me assure every one that I have but one aim — to serve Art, to show the budding dramatists how powerful plays can be evolved by the simplest moans, My programme will plead my cause, and I hope it will be conviuciog that I worship, above all, the beautiful sndtbe artistic. 'Ghosts,' I may add, is net beautiful — in the ordinary sense — but it is artistic, because it is a powerful play, written in human language, because it is as simple as a tragedy of the Greeks.' Now, to compare ' The G-hosts ' with a Greek tragedy is to me a shocking abuse of language. Of couise the plays of iEschylus, Sophocles, and Euripides were, for the. most part, founded on horrible crimes, but the persons in theee plays belorged to mythology, and we do not think ef them as of ourselves. Thus we are net horrified « dis gusted when a -vulture gnaws at the liver of Prometheus, when Agamemnon prepares to sacrifice his daughters, or when Medta murders Iter children. The stories have no ethical meaning for us, and we can therefore enjoy the tublime poetry in which they are told. But it is obviously otherwise when the persons of a play belong te a middle-class household of the present time. Then, indeed, art and morality may still belong te separate planes of thought and feeling ; but we muse perceive that this is so, and not find the art indistinguisbably mixed up with and lost in loathsome details of sin and diseate. The title of ' The Ghosts ' is thus explained io a speech uttered by the heroine : — ' Ghosts ! when 1 heard Regina and Oswald in there 1 seemed to see ghoBts before me. 1 almost think we're all of us ghoBts, Pastor Manders, it's only what vre have inherited from our fathers and mothers that ' walks ' in us. If 0 all sorts of dead ideas and lifeless old beliefs, and so forth. They have no vitality, but they cling to us all the eame, and we can't get rid of them, Whenever I take up a newspaper I seem to seo ghosts gliding between tho linep. There must te ghosts all the country over, as thick as the sand of the sea, And then we are, one and all, so pitifully afraid of the light!' Now this, though the metaphor is as old as Virgil, is a fine passage, hut when the central idea of it is worked out in the play, no ordinary person will feel any other emotion than sheer disgust. Without exception the papers have fiercely blamed the production of such a play, and even the most pious - Ibsenites seem to have been rather shocked at it Certainly we shall never again see ' The Ghosts ' in England. Australians axe juet now much' en evidence here. Mr. F. Wilkinson is rowing in the Oxford boat, and Mr. E. W. Lord and tfr. W.Landalein the Cambridge boat. Mr. S. M. Woods has been playing as an 'international ' forward— aad to be an ' international ' is the height of a football player's ambition — in the Bngby matches against Scotland and Ireland. Madame Melba, whose technical skill, 1 hear, has been much developed, is about te »flew her triumphs at Ihe Reyal Italian opera. And, lastly, Mr. Haddon Chambers's play, .'The Idler,' has proved to attractive at St. James's Theatre that seats may be booked for a month in advance. After many jears the Queen's taete for thea trical performance seems to have been suddenly revived. Last week Sir Arthur Sullivan and Mr. W. S. Gilbert's opera, ' The Gondoliers,' was performed before her at Windsor Castle. The choice was rather singular, fer throughout the opera fun is made of the ways ef kings and queens and' courts. Te-merrow the Garrick company go down to Windsor to perform ' A Pair of Spectacles.' On Monday Her Majeaty leaves for the Riviera. She will cross to Cherbourg in the royal yacht, sleep on board and thence travel in her own saloon carriage, without stopping till she reaches her destination. She will stay at Grasse, a small town under the Maritime Alps, which lies inland a few miles north of Cannes. I see that a writer in the Daily News complains that Sam Weller's English is quite unlike the Cockney dialect of the present day, and that we no longer hear ' v ' put for ' w,' and ' w ' for ' v.' This is quite true, and indeed, during a somewhat long residence in Lendcn, I hare only once heard this peculiarity. On that occasion a waiter at a restaurant told ote that the joint was ' roast weal,' and I could have blessed him for the words. But if this confusion between the two letters was as- common as one would suppose after reading ' Pickwick,' it could hardly have so com pletely disappeared. Indeed I doubt if it ever was a marked Cockney peculiarity. To this day in the Islaed of Thanet yeu will hear ancient mariners talk of a ' weasel labouring wery heavily in the offing,' and when I was recently staying in Rochester, where Dickens was born, I heard ' w ' used fer ' v ' every time I went out. In short, I believe that Dickens picked this particular Wellerism in Kent, and not in London. The ether day I learned from an eminent zoologist a fact whioh was new to me, and may be new to many of your readers. As everybody knows, the lines on a human hand differ in different indi viduals, and in such differences the so-called science ef palmistry — in which many people still believe — is founded. Now, these differences become less and less noticeable as man descends in the scale of civilisation. In monkeys they disappear altogether — that is, all monkeys of the eame species hare exactly the same lineB in their hands. 