WINE v. THE SPIRIT OF GOD. BY PROFESSOR MARCUS DODDS, D.D. The Oarrubber's Close Temperance Magazine, a penny monthly, published at the Oarrubber's Close Mission, High Street, Edinburgh, contains a portrait and Dr. Alexander Whyte, whose sermons are so well known. The magazine which is well conducted, contains the second: part of a sermon on " Wine versus the Spirit of God," by Professor Dods, from which we take the following :—Men use wine for exhiliaratiou. Apart from any endeavor to banish present sorrow or to blunt the feeling to a haunting shame, men seek in wine an excitement or exaltation of feeling which they do not find in their work or in friendship. Of eourse, were men of healthy natures, and were our occupations and relationships all of a kind to interest the better parts of us, then we should need no excitement beyond what we could therein find. But the facts are not so. Men commonly choose labour in which they have no true pleasure. There are always some who love their profession for its own sake. There are medical men whose best pleasure is in their kindly (and most useful) science, as there are artisans who live for their work rather than work for a living, and who spend their leisure hours still in pursuit of their art. But with the majority it is to be feared it is not so. And what is the consequence 1 The consequence is well known and daily lamented as the disgrace of our country. The plain, too obvious, and indisputable truth is, that countless numbers among us seem to know no other means of enjoyment or exhilaration than strong drink. Everyone knows what public holidays have become in our country—how our streets are rendered unseemly, if not unsafe, by coarse men, •whose enjoyment consists in spoiling to-day's pleasure to other people, and making to-morrow miserable for themselves. Now, the quietest and loveliest scenes of nature are polluted by the presence of nature's lord, who has lost dominion .even over himself, and lies a helpless mass. It is, I say, too obviously the fact that numbers of our countrymen can contrive no other way of enjoying themselves than by drinking. The hollownesa of such exhilaration is too well known to need remark. Not such is that exaltation of gpirit in which men are to find their true enjoyment. Therefore Paul sets over .against it what is certainly a more hopeful and respectable, if not so quick and easy a mode of •obtaining an exalted state of feeling. " Be filled with the Spirit." The " joy of the Holy Ghost" was evidently a common phrase with the Apostles : a phrase created by what they experienced and observed of the effects of the Spirit's indwelling.—British Weekly. ? ? 