I THE INSTALLATION. On Tuesday forenoon the Bishop-Elect was duly installed in his see. There was' a large gathering of the clergy of the diocese, who assembled in the Synod Hall, adjoining the church, and robed. They proceeded in order to the Pro- Cathedral, where a large congregation was seated. The laity of the diocese generally were well represented by members of Synod and other churchmen from all parts. With the Primate and Metropolitan, who had arrived in the morning by steamer from Sydney, there were present the Rev. J. Chaffers-Welsh, chaplain to the Metropolitan; the Revs. H. L. Jackson, A. J. Stoddart, R. A. Woodthorpe, S. H. Childe, Dr. Corlette, A. C. Corlette, S. S. Tovey, and H. Plume (ex-Archdeacon of North Queesland), C. T. Sackville-West, Edward Symonds. The clergy and Bishops passed in order into the church, while the choir and congregation sang the processional hymn (391 A. and M.) " Onward Chris- tian Soldiers." The Metropolitan passed to the | right of the Holy Table attended by his chaplain, the Rev. Canon Selwyn and the Rev. Canon White. The Bishop-Elect of Newcastle went to the left with the Rev. S. Simm, the Rev. B. E. Shaw, and his chaplain, the Rev. W. T. R. Regg. i Morning prayer was intoned by the Rev. S, C. J. Grime, and the service was fully choral. The proper Psalms were Ps. lxxv., Ps. cxxi., and Ps. oxxii. The first lesson, Isaiah vi., 1-8, was read by the Rev. S. Simm, and the second lesson, John xv., 1-11, by the Rev. B, E. Shaw. After the third collect, the choir sang hymn 165, A. and M., " O God, our help in ages past." Upon the con- clusion of the Hymn, the Metropolitan delivered to the Vicar-General his mandate for the installation of the Bishop-Elect. Canon Selwyn came forward and spoke as follows, the congregation standing -. In the name of God. Amen. By virtue of a mandate under the hand and seal of the Right Reverend Father in God, William Saumarez, by Divine permission, Bishop of Sydney and Metropolitan, and in conformity with the usage of the Chuch of England, I, Arthur Edward Selwyn, Incumbent and Canon of this Cathedral Church, do hereby induct thee, George Henry Stanton, Doctor of Divinity, into the occupation of the See and Diocese of Newcastle, and do instal thee in corporal, lawful, and canonical possession of the same by the style and title of Bishop of Newcastle, this twelfth day of May, 1891. Then the Vicar-General said-" O Lord, save Thy servant, the Bishop of this Diocese." The congrega- tion answered-"And send him help .from Thy holy place." ' The special prayer was-" Almighty God, Giver of all good things, Who by Thy Holy Spirit hast appointed divers Orders of Ministeis in Thy Church ; Mercifully behold this Thy Servant now called to the Work and MiniRtry of Bishop of this Diocese ; and replenish him so with the truth of Thy doctrine, and adorn him with innocency of life, that both by word and deed, he may faithfully serve Thee in this office, to the glory of Thy name, and the edifying and well-governing of Thy Church ; through the.raeritB of Our Saviour Jesus Christ, Who liv>»th and reigneth with Thee and the Holy Ghost, world without end. Amen." Addressing the Bishop of Newcastle, the Metro- politan said:-"The Lord bless thee and keep thee. The Lord make His face to shine upon thee and be gracious unto thee. The Lord lift up the light of His countenance upon thee and give thee peace both now and evermore. Amen." , Hymn 179 A, and M., was then sung " To the Name of our Salvation." The Metropolitan proceeded with the communion service, Canon White read the Epistle I. Tim. iii, 1-8, and Canon Selwyn the Gospel, John xxi, 15-18. The offertory was devoted to the general fund of the diocese. 