CRUMBS. Decline in wool. A maddened mother. Love me, love my dog. Irish feeling intensify inc. Land tax assessment papers out. Reapers already at work at Baroots. A widow mourns her husband and king. Mr. Howell has mollified the Silver Age. A fortune in an old Blagheap at the Burra. Who are the virtual murderers of FarneD? The Arizona cowboys are wonderful riders. Davis too good for Tom Busst on Saturday. , Baker's Creek crushing nearly 3 oz. to the ton. Commissioner of Crown Lauds on the sick list. Some Leigh's Creek coalminers want 12s. a ] day i A milkman was nearly drowned—in water too! 1 Moonta miners refuse to submit to arbitra tion. A Sovereign mourns her patriot and ser vant. Obituary. — George Prince and Ephraim ] Gould. Austria flourishing—surplus last yearGOd,000 florins. Dear old Ebby would make a grand special pleader. j Small boyB in the suburbs lassoing every living thing. The Immigration Limitation Bill may be j soon wanted. Jack Sparrow knows an air-gun from a walking-stick. What will Marvellous Melbourne do with out her mace? Liquor law regarding" Clubs is to be made more restrictive. Every woman, whatever her reputation, has a right to protection. Growth of crops and spread of influenza are associated this season. Sir John Downer gone home owing to the exigencies of influenza. Died with a message of love to his colleagues and the people of Ireland. St. Peter's College staff has an acquisition in Mr. A. W. Gosnell, M.A. j The Oval people were not as good as their j word about destroying dogs. Roberts won his £200,12,000-up match with Memmott by only 42 points. It doesn't pay now to boohoo when old J Pater's assistants are around. Won't General Booth be wanted in Mel- | bourne during the Cup time ? Labour party may well say to Mr. Cotton. " preserve us from our friends." Railway Commissioners did a bit of plain talking to the Legislative Council. Governor Lidderdale in his wrath won't | chastise a substitute for Mcllwraith. Fanatical charges of murder levelled against J John Dillon and other Irish members. Won't the Trades-Unionist lawyers squirm at freedom to competency to practise. Backboned Lidderdale orders knee-drill j exercise for the Queensland Government. Viceregal folk like to ran into their neigh bour's house over the Border for a gossip. Madame Melba'a vooal organ _ returns dividends as rich as a Bendigo gold mine. Political fermentation in Victoria. Impos sible to say how it will leave Munro & Co. Pity Mr. Grainger doesn't possess his soul of j facts before he makes a stir in the House. It takes an education to get used to German bill of fure as furnished on some steamers. A strange Bight in Melbourne—30 ft. tongues of fire leaping out of the Melbourne sewers. The unanimous and sincere sympathy in the Council with Mr. Copley attests his worth. Mercantile Marine Officers Association is ; growing in numbers, influence, and courage. Australia has curse enough in drinking and gambling without adding the opium demon. Where is Samuel Plimsoll to rescue the stokers from the death-hole on the Red Sea ? " It is ridiculous and untrue to allege that the crowd was caused by the body of police." American crop is estimated at 590,000,000 j bushels. Estimates improve with repetition. Of course, Lord Sheffield will stay either at Government House or with genial Sir Edwin. Mons Meg—bred by the late Mr. White— I has been heavily backed for the Cesarewitch. One has only to knock out a billion and a few odd millions to be boss of thisyere universe. A mission enough to fire a stone with enthu siasm is the crusade against the opium traffic. "The Adelaide natives were not all black. Some were not so black as they were painted." j "Country Squires for Australia"—that's hardly a popular subject in the colonies just now. Mr. Ward is introducing law reform against | the interests of his son, who is an articled clerk. In connection with the grand growing | weather the influenza is a fly in the oint ment. Champion billiardist Roberts conceded Memmott 7,000 start in 12,000 and beat him by 42. ; To throw a knife at a'Minister of War is to | take French leave and apply a cutting argu ment. Parson Nicholson beheld a man in the j dress of Paradise Adam, and sent for the police. " Of the articles in the reviews on Australia, taken on the whole, they are decidedly poor I 8 tuff." Two more old colonists have gone to the great unknown—George Prince and Ephraim Gould. Saturday's Melbourne Races were chiefly j important in connection with the betting ' market. It is cruelty to the Council M-nister to leave j him without help under the altered condition of affairs. The next strand of the Smith family will probably continue the representation in the Commons. 't hat naughty boy Cotton should not get behind the working man and throw stones at his superiors. I Coolies striking ! Another piece of impor- | tinenoe by tho wicked Asiatic alien? Eh, Mr. Solomon! An " Oonoteclmist" has arrived. An oeno technist is a man, and the dictionary will inti mate what else. Who will say Adelaideans are not loyal when they cannot exocute a by-law npon even a Governor's dog. Railway Commissioners won't make them selves ridiculous to please members of the j Legislative Council. Mr. Kingston, who is a master in composi tion, is sometimes as involved in speaking as Sir John Downer is. Mr. ParneU's " Last words" contained one | compliment for Ireland, and two for his wife. Domesticity—patriotism. A large counter deputation had a talk with the Chief Secretary this morning as to the | recent street disturbances. Lord President Robertson has annexed , judicial prize at an age when Scotchmen are j young and Australians are old. Cup week—Derby Day, October 31; Cup Day, November 3; Oaks Day, November 5; , Steeplechase Day November 7. A new terror for Premiere—it is suggested tbat the head of the Government should carry out the functions of a Governor. If the Premier were Governor he would have the power of dissolution in his hands with which to terrorize Parliament. "Tenderfoot" thinks the extension of Unionism is tike spreading rough metal, over which all will have to walk ere long. What shall be done unto those who " bear" the share market ? They ought to be made to bear some of the worry which they cause. "Mystio" thinkB the period leading up to the year 7000 will be full of alarming interest, of which Unionism is an element in the fore cast. Ought not shipowners be bound to suffi ciently ventilate the machinery rooms, that men must not needs die that the boats travel? Stipendiary legislators should understand that they are paid for "Governing the Country" not for washing their dirty linen in public. Will the knowledge that influenza is the dominant fact of Melbourne deter men from looking on the Cup in the Babylon of the Sonth? "Tne British aristocracy of course are models of honesty and good living; but the Australian democracy may be safely put down as a bad lot." "Pain and grief caused to the relatives of those who were arrested constitute no proof of the innocence of the men or of the injustice of the sentences." ' Give my love to my colleagues and the people of Ireland, and say that I hope they be as well tended in their last sickness as I am in mine." "We felt as happy as a married man rigging himself out for the funeral of his wife's mother." Would you be surprised to learn that the writer was a bachelor? "Natives of the Australasian Colonies con tribute much less than their share to the number of the inmates of prisons"—that's Mr. Haytcr, who oannot be denied. " What chance was there, here for a poor man's son, with the embryo talents of a St. Leonards or an Erskino becoming even a practising barrister or solicitor?" I The disregard of the authority of parents by children is emphasized now-a-days by a like | spirit in people towards government of any kind—religious, political, or moraL The Hon. C. C. Kingston, Q.C., treated the Honso yesterday to sentences as severe upon reporters to construe as eror any of Mr. Pater's could be upon Unionists to fulfil. " Having fortified my inner man with a half j a pint of Scotch to keep out the influenza I j bucked with the others over a post and rail by the stable." Influenza a grand excuse. ; Norwood Corporation told St. Peters to mind tbeir own business. St. Peters think that Norwood has been guilty of Peter like impetuosity, and misunderstood the question. " We were swiftly coming to the code poriod of legal history, having discovered the hollow ncss of that reliance upon precedent, which had as much substantiality as the Cock - lane ghost" " South Australia was hounded on the north by an income tax, on the south by the single tax, on the east by some stolen property, and I on the west by the greatest force in nature—a j vacuum." " Obviously the testimony of a dozen or fifty men who say they did not see a man commit a certain act is worth nothing against | the testimony of those who say they saw him commit it." "We viewed with mingled feelings of sorrow and disgust those innumerable volumes of law reports, the cases in which might fairly be said to represent so many squandered fortunes or wasted lives." " If a man throws a piece of lighted paper in ! the street on a wet day there is no great j danger; but if he throws it in the middle of a field of corn nearly ripe on a blazing hot day the consequences are likely to be very serious." " In America, through the freedom with which the gates of the profession were open to all competent persons, were found a Lincoln and a Garfield occupying the highest post in one of the most powerful nations on this globe." As the most local public opinion merely re presents a few hundreds who allow a dozen to exercise their birthright for them, and who in , turn possess but an evanescent importance as j uncertain as the crops, remarks a West Coast ' farmer. House of Assembly in the influenza season— Clerk with his head in a sling:—"Aitichew! zee shpeagerz id de zhair." Mr. Grainger— " Midsder Sbeagur wliad agdehun id der £obmend goig do daag do brevend de abroad oh idflovedza?" " H6 would say to them whilo at play never get cross with boys smaller than themselves, some boys would not get cross with boys bigger than themselves."—Minister Jenkins Wo beg to propose tbat that motto should be { posted in the Assembly Chamber. Minister Jenkins remarked that "he was exceedingly pleased that singing formed part of the education system, for it j taught them to do things in harmony." | Nevertheless the Crumbman cannot bo tempted if he knows it to hear Mr. Jenkins warble. "'The Sovereign can do no wrong.' I therefore suggest the immediate introduction of a Bill to correct the gross anomalies and injustice that now exist. It should be to the effect tbat all members of any Trados Union shall henceforth be exempt from the operation of the criminal law." Witty Sheridan's sug gestion as to the sovereign people. " At present the necessity of a three years University course or a five years' service under articles, during which the legal aspirant could do no manner of work apart from legal studies except work connected with journalism or teaching, acted as a potent bar to boys who under other auspices might become some of our moBt gifted jurists and legislators." " After a friendly glass over tho toasts of 'The Host'and 'Master' we armed ourselves with the inevitable cigars, and made for the city to reassure our wives and sweethearts (some of whom had thoughtfully reassured us at the beginning of the season) and dispel all anxiety as to possible changes in the style of j our architecture." That funny Regdac. j Mr. J. B. Sheridan puts the following j riddle:—Given a city tradesman who systema tically picks the pockets of every well-dressed passer-by and pays the proceeds into the public Treasury, and defends his actions on the plea that he is " honest" and acting for the "good of the community." Query—Should he be j relegated to the gaol or the Lunatic Asylum ? "Some people said that if children had to work for their living they should not be well educated. That was all nonsense. If tbey were the best educated children in South Aus tralia they could make a dress or a loaf of bread or the boys could hoe potatoes or cut wheat much better than without education." —Minister Jenkins at Currie-street School. Very nice sentiment. The Crumbman has found his extensive vocabulary useful when he has been hoeing potatoes and struck his corn. Sir George Grey's Law Practitioners Bill , now before the New Zealand Parliament J enacted—"That every male person of the full t age of twenty-one years, of whose good_ fame i and reputation and of whose learning in the j law any one or more of the Judges of the Supreme Court shall be satisfied, shall be en titled to be admitted as a barrister and solicitor of the said Court and generally to the praotioe of the law and to all the rights and privileges thereof, and to be enrolled as a barrister and solicitor of the said Court." Pax.—Talk about yonr great big gumtrees, my dear boy, why, they are mere oabbage stumps as compared with Borne roigmng monarchs of the forest. You just run over the sea pond to California some fine morning before breakfast, and, my word, won't you be astonished. Just look, for instanoe, at that old giant now lying dead as a Scotch herring prostrate upon the earth in the Yosemite Park. It is called the "Fallen Monarch." It is believed to have fallen oenturies before Columbus discovered the new world. It is a species of oedar that is well nigh imperishable from atmospheric influences, though the top has been destroyed by fire. But you see there is a ladder at one end. Just mount to the top of the trunk and walk along for say 100 feet, and if its enor mous bulk does not overwhelm you with amazement, you must be as unimpreesible as the gigantic trunk itself. Why, my dear sir, it contains more than three hundred thousand cubic feet of solid timber, and cannot weigh less than seven thousand tons. Wouldn't you "likea chip of the old block ?'* Fax.—Were you ever in Devonshire ? If so you have probably' seen that noble apeoimen of the architectonio art, the Eddystone light house. You may remember that at the on trance of Plymouth Harbour there is a reef of rocks upon which the lighthouse is built. How, it was on October 9, 1759, that thiB very use ful structure was finished. The first Eddystone lighthouse was begun by Mr. Winstanley in 1G96, and was finished in three years. But this was destroyed by one of the most terrific tempests on reoord, Novem ber 27, 1703, during which the damage to pro perty in London alone was estimated at £2,000,000. Mr. Winstanley himself, and several others who were with him in the light house, perished. Then, by virtue of an Act of Parliament, 4 Anne, 1706, it was rebuilt, and all vessels were-compelled to pay one penny per ton inwards and outwards towards supporting it. But in 1755 it was destroyed by fire. Then arose John Smeaton, the architect of the existing structure. It is 85 feet high, erected of Portland stone, encased in granite, and its light is visible at a distance of thirteen miles. Fax.—If you say to that astute logician " To-morrow is Sunday" ho will reply "What ridiculous nonsense; there will be no Sunday next week." "How so?" you enquire. "Why thusly. You say 'to-morrow is Sunday.' I say, what you say is not true; to-morrow will lie Sunday when it comes, but as ' to-morrow never comes' how can Sunday ever come, stoopid?" But what will our astute logician say when we inform him that Sunday never goes? Yes, my dear Sir, every day of the week is observed as a day of rest on some part of this rotating globe. By the by, this is what Bishop Butler Bays about:—" It is very remarkable that the heathen nations, who cannot be sup posed to have had any knowledge of the law or history of Moses, accounted one day of tho seven more sacred than the rest. Hesiod styles the seventh day "tho illustrious light of the sun," and Homer says—"Then came the seventh day, which is sacred or holy." Almost all nations likewise, who have any notion of religion, have appropriated one day in seven to the purposes of public devotion,, though they have differed with regard to tho particular day." With respect to the " Book of Innocent Sunday Sports," authorizing certain pastimes after divine worship on Sundays, Rapin says—" It's sanction by Charles I. was a primary cause of the Civil War which ended in his death. The book was burnt by the hangman, and the sports (were) suppressed by order of Parliament. Fax.—Suicide is not a particularly fragrant theme ; but there are a few fax connected with it worth recording. The first instances orr record are those of Samson and Saul. The Greek and Roman philosophers deemed it a crime, and burned the offending hand. During, the reign of Tarquin the Elder, fifth King of Rome, the soldiers destroyed themselves by. hundreds to avoid the degradation of construct ing common sewers. Some 600 years later, howover, it was considered an act of noble heroism to follow in the path in which Cato led the way. Plutarch tells us that an unaccountable passion for suicide seized the maidens of Miletus, which the tears and prayers of their friends were powerless to restrain. And how do you think the autho rities put a stop to this frenzy? Why, by issuing a decree that the body of all, each, and every suicidist should be drawn naked through the streets. That did it. There are three, and only three instances of deliberate felo de se by fire on record. They are—1. The demo cratic Greek philosopher Empedocles, who is said to have thrown himself into the crater of Mount Etna about 2,300 years ago. 2. A Frenchman, who in 1820 threw himself into the crater of Vesuvius. 3. An Englishman, who jumped into the furnace of a forge in 1811 or thereabouts. Fax.—Are you a stargazer, my boy ? You might be worse employed. But now, you just "take your walks abroad*' tonight, about 9 o'clock, andfyou will see underneath the moon a bright etar. It is the planet Jupiter. And if you close one eye and hold up a penny at arm's length you will find it will about hide the moon and the star from yoursight. And yetr that etar is itself an enormous globe 81,816 miles in diameter, or nearly forty times greater than that of the moon. And you know, as the hulk or volume of spheres are to each other as the cubes of their diameters, it follows that the little point of light called Jupiter is really sixty thousand times greater than the moon. Or look at it in this way. Suppose a Jovian Railway Com pany to advertise an excursion train to run round the equator. They travel, say forty miles an hour night and day, including stop pages, How long do you think they would be on the journey ? Why, my young friend, after travelling thirty-nine weeks they would still have 4,579 ,miles to go to reach the station from which they started. But how about the distance of tho two bodies that appear so close together. Y a projectile moving at the rate of 1,000 miles per hour would reach the moon in less than ten days, but it would have to con tinue to rush through space at the same velocity for more than 437 years to reach the planet Jupiter ! Yet even then it will not have passed over a fifty-thousandth part of the distance of the nearest fixed star to the earth! Stupendous. Fax,—In the North Atlantic Ocean, partly within the tropics, there is a group of twonty nine islands called the Bahamas. These islands contain a collective area of about 5,000 square miles, and the population is something like 40,000 all told. I don't know for how many million of years these islands lay basking in the sun in awful solitude without even their existence being suspected, except it may be by the man in the moon. But exaotly four hundred years ago, save one, i.e, on Ootober 12, 1492, the feet of a European stepped ashore on one of these islands. It was none other than Christopher Columbus. Yon know he was sent out on a voyage of discovery to the southward by Ferdinand and Isabella of Spain. And notwithstanding the constant grumblings and superstitious terrors of bis crew he resolutely pushed'ahead till during the night of October 11 the cry of "landoff the starboard'bow" caused every man jack of the jolly, crew to jump frdm his hammock and rush (ipon deck, like a cat after a mouse or a kangaroo in a thunderstorm. At daylight the island of Guanahahi was descried two leagues ahead; 'when C. C. and his orew struck up the Te Dcurii Laudamus. Then as "the morning darting his first beams from the summit of the distant: mountains painted with tints of gold and crimson.the clouds that floated through the dawning heavens," the intrepid Admiral, bearing the'Royal standard ashore, pronounced the saered word Salvador. When & man's got influenza, A nd his liver Is not straight, Can his " boss" abuse him then, sir, Tf ho's nt the office late. 