GENERAL BOOTH IN MELBOURNE. The Special Holiness Meeting. [From Tuesday's Argus.] Unless it were for the title, and perhaps an additional infusion of excitement into the pro-<*> ceedings, there was little to distinguish the special holiness convention held yesterday in the Exhibition Building from any oilier of the meetings of the Salvation Army. The same shouting and singing, the same efflorescence of gesture, the same exhorting and testifying and band playing, the same utter absence of any fixed order—these were tlie prevailing features of the convention. And like all the gatherings which have marked the advent of "General" Booth, it remains a practical impossibility to tell with any cer tainty when tfao convention commenced, whether it did or did not continue without pause for the whole of the day, or that, bat for the necessity of closing the building, it would ever have left on". Nominally it should have started yesterday at 3 o'clock, but for at least an hour and a half and possibly longer before that time tlie place wa^ crowded to suffocation point, the sale of tickets was almost discon tinued, and the tide of songs, prayers, and exhortations was in full swing. That "General" Booth came in at 3 o'clock and left again shortly after was, no far as anybody could see, merely an incident in the history of the convention. The " General" had .inotlier tremendous reception, and at once the vast audience broke into Psalm 45, ending with the favorite •Salvationist chorus— Let me, Jesos; Jet me, Jesus, Let me, Jesus, Knller know redemption's plan, I'uller know redemption's plan. Th«y sang it possibly half a dozen times, each time with greater strength of lung. But loudly as they chanted they could not sitisfy the "General," who standing in front of the platform marked time with outstretched anne, abandoning himself entirely to the ex citement of the moment, in striking contrast to his demeanor of the previous fwo days. This was not the "General" Booth of Sun day or Saturday. For the first time the audience saw the leader of the Salvation Army in his atra-Salvatiooist mood. ''.Again, again," lie shouted. "Let me fuller know re demption's uJan ! Sing it again, but not * re demption'—salvation ! Let me fuller know salvation's plan. If you burn to trust the blessed Christ this evening—if you bum to have Him blot out your guilt—sing it again." And the audience, obedient to the cry, took up the burden— Jjct me, Jesus; let me, Jesus, Let me, Jesus, Fuller know salvation's plan. Fuller know salvation's plan. "No, no," the "General" cried, "I am not batUnod. Everybody wants to know about Jesus this evening and to have more salvation than they ever had before. If you don't, what did you come hero for? Why else did you leave your business and your shops'' Who could ever have expected that anybody at all would leave their homes on a Monday after noon. If anybody had said so a month ago you would have said ' Nonsense.' Some of you have travelled miles, and you're going to have tomttbing for it, or else you've thrown your fan.- away, you know, and you'd better go home again and look after your business. You want salvation or you'll never enjoy religion. Toere vas as old woman once who said, 'What, me enjoy religion ! Why, I never knew what it was to be miserable until I got religion.1 The reason was she didn't get enough of it. Let's have more of it. (' Amen.') Everybody wants more of salvation. So sing it again, sing it again, and everybody hold their right hand up." They sang again after this and they sang it with the loud pedal on, every right arm ex tended at length and every foot in the hall k«.«ping time to the thunder of the big drum. Then says the ''General," "Let us all pray," and as the audk-uce fail on their knees he adds, with a keen glance that sweeps the building from floor to galleries, "Pray— not look about. The devil always looks at a meet ing when it is praying and sees bow many are helping him and how many are helping Jesus Christ, lie takes notice of those that keep their eyes open. Shut your eyes or else he'll }>ut you down in his pocket-book." Then a hymn, " All the Way to Calvary," and the "General," after reading from St. John, 12th chap., 23rd verse, plunges into a cbaracterifctic address on the Christianity of Christ. To be entitled to call himself a Christian a man must live the life of Chris tianity. He must have the same purpose in lifo that Chrifet had. For Jesus Christ- had a ruling purpose. He did not come here to keep a fahop—nothing of the kind. He did not come here to discover a gold mine— nothing of the sort. He did not come here for pleasure. No' no! no! How ever, ueopie will a-sk, can you mike ] such insinuations? He did "not come j to glorify Himself—to dress Himself, to paint Himself, to curl His hair, and cringe aud crawl and stalk about in order that people might think a lot of Him. Again, people cry, "General, General, please give over talking in that line—it is disrespectful to my Saviour." No; He came here to save eouU; He came here to save tout soul. (" Glory," '* Blessing," "Praise/ "Hallelujah.") The " General" goes on anew and as he proceeds the excitement grows more and more intense and the " Hallelujahs" fall thicker and faster. " Are you a Christian ? Is He the ruling purpose of your life? If you have got the spirit of Jesus Christ you are a Christian. Aiv you a follower of the Bleeding Lamb? Are you on His side ? Then you can call yourself a Christian. Everybody" who thinks so say 'Amen.'" And the audience unite in one mighty "Amen." "Here is the proof," the ! "General" rots on, "in the Bible—your • Bible. This is not a Salvation Army Bible— { yes- it is ; it is my Bible, blessed thing"—and the "General" presses it affectionately t) his bosom. "This is the Bible that you read, and swear by, and quarrel over, and which you exjieet you are going to be j judged by on the last great day. This is | your Bible, and 1 ask you to listen to . the words that you know from childhood. This is what it says:— * The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, who, although He was rich —a millionaire—yet for our sins lie Ix-caiiie poor that we through His penalty might become rich.' ('Hallelujah.') Have you got that spirit? You may be a member 4>f a eliurc li. I believe in being a member of • a church—a pood member, and a working v.ember, and a j<aying member. You may hr.\e gut a cn-eil. 1 believe in a creed—l l?-}ie\v in what 1 believe in. (• Hallelujah.") That is my creed. ('Glory.') You may have a ceremonial and sacraments. We have a ceremonial: we belong to the High Chut eh. (Laughter.) I talieve in a ritual and vestments, and processions, and walking about on week days as well as Sundays, seeing who is on the Lord's side. You may hive ex citement— I believe in excitement. I do. ('Glory.') I dou't think much of people wbo are not musical and not excitable— they may be very good in their way, but they aren't of much use to the Salvation Army. (Laughter.) 1 like a man who can fire up—a man who has got a temper—a good temper, though. (Laughter.) I believe in excite ment and I do like, to get up the excite ment here. ('Hallelujah.') Talk about the excitement of Melbourne— What is it to the excitement of saviiigsouL: : ('Glory.') Talk about Eight Hours Day.' I'd like to make it four-aud-twentv hours. I'd have an excite uitnt tliat would shut up the shops aud stop the factories, and dose Government House, ar.d }mt tlie Governor down to the humblest ii!<livi<ltia] iti ttit-street. ('Hallelujah.') I'd like to have cue trreat, blci--*;d, glorious excite ment that would sweep over everything— I*Glory')—and tliat would take evei-y "man and every woman and sweep them away" before it, away into the. Kingdom of God. ('Halle lujah.')" By this time the excitement is Hearing its tension jioiiit. Women are already beginning to Mib 'hysterically, and men, with the persp-.ra tioii rolling off their faces, are following every tetfnd word with hoarse murmurs of ** Bless the Lord," '"Glory," and the like. The "General himself has altered the pitch of his voice by half a tone, and is talking now not in the even, monotonous drawl of the earlitr |?rt of his address, but with a rapid and nervous utterance- — hniv,)^ almost metallic, in effect With constantly increasing speed he goes on : — You way have a correct creed—no doubt the devil is the correctest theologian in the uni verse —you may go to church, you may serve in the artuy barracks, you may enjoy all the pleasures of Bible classes and Bible readings, and live a correct life, but unless you make Jesus Christ's purpose your purpose, and Jetub Christ's life your life, I don't see how you can call yourself a Christian man or a Christian woman, and I cannot, and I say it with all reverence—l cannot see how, with out these attributes, Christ himself could have claimed to be the Messiah. It was when He came down to sacrifice U imself for me and you that He became Christ. ("Hallelujah.") And to follow Him seems to me the ouly ground <>v which a man can claim to be a Christiau. Where are you 5 If you are right may God confirm you. If you are in the main right may God make you wholly so. May He endow you with Christ-like spirit and zeal for the rescue of perishing souls. If you are not then, Jesus Christ is here to give Himself away. (" Hallelujah.") " Behold I stand at the door aud knock." ("Glory.") Open the door and'He will go in. Kow comes the climax. The audience have lost all control over themselves. They liang on the words of the speaker with cries and ejaculations and sobs. And the "General," with both hands uplifted high above his head, goes on—"The time is now. Kow, now, now. The time is now for the salvation, for the baptism, for the purifying flame. Burn out anger and envy and temper ("Yes.") Bum it out. ("Amen.") Everybody who wants it «ay amen. (" Amen.") Say it afain. ("Amen.") All this is going to be. Everybodywbobelievesitsayaoien. ("Amen.") - And may the blessing of die Father and the S<,n and the Holy Ghost be upon every man and woman here." The " General" finishes in the midst of a scone of hysterical excitement He goes away sum! some of the people follow him; others remain, for how long it is hard to say, but at 7 c clock a meeting—apparently the same meefc >ng, is m full swing. Anyway, there are the tame "staffofficers"and "HallelujahlasseVoa the platform, the same tremendous audience, the same band, playing as vigorously and earnestly as they were three hours before. The "General" arrives at a quarter to 8 o'clock, meets with the same tremendous reception, and pots very much through the came programme. His speech, though in some respects different, is on the whole a fairly complete reproduction of that of the afternoon. But in the evening's preceeding? there is one great and striking difference. The afternoon was the sermon. The evening is the application. 