FROM MASGER TO TIME. A NEW LIFE OF JESUS THE CHRIST AND A HISTORY OF PALESTINE AND ITS PEOPLE. [By the Rev. T. Db Witt Talstagk, D.D.] Chapter V.— Maky, the Blessed Ajiong \VOME3f. The angel's annunciation in the Temple and the miraculous events which followed up bo the naming of Johxk|had impressed the people that a manifestation of Divine favor would soon be repeated, for signs and portents seemed to re enforce the prophecies of a speedy fulfilment of the law and a restoration of Israel. But being in a condition of abject subjection to Roman censors, tax-gatherers, and oppressors of con science, liberty, and religious toleration, the jews looked forward not only to their libera tion but to the re-establishment) of their power, which they believed would extend in undis puted acknowledgment over all the -world. Their hopes and behefs_ were therefore based on those prophecies, which they interpreted, in a spirit of arrogance and vanity, as declara tions that God would descend upon the earth riding in a chariot of ineffable glory, and, with swoop of majesty, sweep away their eneaiies and raise up Judah as master of the world. How vain are the conceptions of the haughty, how disappointing the aspirations of the arro gant, how aggravating the ambitions of the selfish and vainglorious ! Instead of coming with trumpst blare, up borne on golden cloud and moving with swift speed on furious wind ; instead of drawing back the empurpled canopy of heaven and dashing out upon His footstool with lances forged from the lightning, and the elemeats of fire and fury of the mighty deep gathered up with which to overwhelm the enemies of Israel, God chose to reveal nob thus Himself, nur to give exhibition of wrathful spirit, nor make any bewildering mauif estations of martial pomp. Peace had spread her white sails ; w.xr ha:l fled the land, and though there might have been oppression, the rod should not be broken by battle-axe, nor Czar of persecution be de throned by halberd or catapult. Instead of a God of war there was sent a messenger of of peace, white-robed and bejewelled with light; star-crowned, joy-erested, with the sweet odors of heaven fresh upon his raiment and the radiance of eternal moraiug in his fa.2«. 2?or did this holy nuncio bear tiding to king or priest, or spread _his white pinions iu splendid palace or magnificent temple, but dropped with the ease of thistle-down, and with tha glory that a rainbow kisses the earfca, before an Israelitish maid of royal blood but low estate, and gave to her such glorious message as ear of woman hath noi heard besides. Zacliarias and Elizabeth were rejoicing i.i their humble Hebron mountain home over the blessings which Gabriel had declared to them, and' which a double l-i vine manifestation had convinced them would sobu be theirs^feeling; bejliewog, that in allithe world thepe^ was no couple -so happy, 'so blessed as they. By one hundred miles north of Hebron an -event was about ti&£gcur which would overshadow in im portarigji*itnd trausqend in joy ^ that which brongfe* the ^aged priest sysrhie wife iSueh -. eestacy. in'tne small village 'of Nazareth there lived at the time a Jew named Josep?i, who, though poor aud of such small repute among his people tliat he existed only in the shadow of his connections, was yet of the royal blood, a direct descendant of David and in the line of kingly succession, but who was in obscurity through the power of the BomanSj who had destroyed ihe David dynasty. In this eame small village there dwelt also a sweet maiden named Mary, who waslikewiseof royal ? blood, but whose graces of person and mind made her queen for ever of human kind ; the sublime creation of God, the highest type of beauty and perfection, an embodiment of our transcendent conceptions of the heavenly ; a beiner whose attributes were of the earth, saintly, and of the celestial, seraphic ; a maid in whose eyes was the tender blue of the violet, with the alabaster of the lily on her brow, the eannine of the rose on her cheek, the red sweet- j ness of the pink on her lips. Her wbole being a symphony, and her character a chorus of divine graces. The apocryphal writeps and holy traditions represent her as no less heavenly, with a face iu which the finger of Gad had marked the lines of beauty and then placed the seal _ of glory on her head. Holy Mary ! It is this dear conception which makes us gaze with bursting joy through the twilight of centuries at thy enravishing charms of per son and the radiance of thy reverence, humility, and holiness. MWKSnS nESPECTIW: MARY. It is related by non- canonical writers thit when Mary was six months old she was able to walk, but her first tottering footsteps were forbidden by Anna, her mother, who made a. vow that the child should not again put her feet to tho earth until she hid been led into the Temple, When the first year of Mary's life was ended Joachim, her father, gave a grand banquet, to which he invited not only his friends but many distinguished priests and scribes also, who after the feasting gave their blessings to the child and consecrated her for such holy purpose as would mike lier name famous for all time. She was then consigned to a Kanctuary, where she remained until her fourth year, when the was taken to the Temple and there placed with the virgins. H-re her deportment and demeanor wera angoHc, devoting herlioara to praying and spinning until after her twelfth year, when her piety wae so great that angels came each day to feed her and to assist in her instructions, by which aid she became more learned in the lsw nnd the prophecies than any rabbi who mlnis tei-ed in the Temple. Not only did she thas show a marvellous accomplishment, but her beauty, gracee, and melodious voice u-ere no less remarkable, so that birds came flocking about her, while beasts of every kind accepted her mistress-ship and gamboled in anecscaey of rejoicement at her presence. THE BETIlOTHjrEXT. When Mary came out of the congregation of the virgins, schooled in the law and sanctified in the holy graces, she took upon herself yet higher duties in the natural progression of her career towards a fulfilment of her Divine mission. How she met Joseph, who was probably much her senior, we know not, unless tradition reports the circumstances truly, but that the two exchanged loving confidences, de clared their affection, vowed their devotion, and pledged their ever unchanging love we have the testimonies of the Apostles as well as of the ages. It was loves bright dream materialised when they sealed their pledges (tUU UJLLilVTU blJCJJ. JJ VC3 VVlbll Ullt; UU11U Ul KfCXtHJUlX mont, which quickly followed their mutual de clarations. The service of betrothment was no less sacred and binding than that of marriage itself, being so recognised by Jewish custom of the time, which required tliat the ceremony should be performed in the presence of the bride's parents. On such an occasion the bridegroom stood beside his bride and the two made tlieir acknowledgments before witnesses, the betrothment being completed by the gift of a piece- of money from the groom to his bride. After this performance the two were regarded as husband and wife, though another ceremony was required some time within the year to complete the marrirge. During this interval the bride remained with her parents or guardians, to whom she continued to give her s«Tvice.», but no final separation of the couple thus betrothed could be made without a bill of divorcement. CAERIEL'S AXJTOUCpiENT TO IIARV. It was during this brief period of betroth ment that the celestial messenger who had ap peared to Zacharias six months before came like a holy benediction to Mary in her chamber, bringing tidings which were no less joyful be cau.se surprising. Assuming theahape of a man, Gabriel stood suddenly before the devout maid and thus diluted her — 'Hail, thou that art highly favored ; the Lord is with thee : blessed art tbou among women !' Startled by the ap pearance, in which s'le only saw a material foim, Mary was troubled to discover the real import of Gabriel's words and piirpo.'*, where upon the angel spoke this blessed and reassur ing promise — 'Fear not, Mary, for thou liast found favor with God, and behold thou shalt conceive . . . and bring forth a Son ; and thou sbalt call His name Jesus. He shall be giyat, and shall be called the Son of the Highest, and the Lord God shall give unto Him the throne of his father David ; and He shall reign over the House of Jacob for ever : and of His kingdom there shall be no end.' With childlike innocence, but without posi tive disbelief, such as Zacharias had exhibited, Mary inquiringly answered, as if seeking for explanation of an event which she was now to look forward to, 'How shall this be?' She was thoroughly versed in the prophecies re specting- a Messiah ; she was acquainted with the presages of the rabbis, and being of a receptive nature, with strong iinbuement of religious instinct, wliich was to her a sweet distilment of joy, she was ready to believe that the law of nature was simply God's law subject to His will, and hence Gabriel's [mes sage excited her joyful curiosity but not her unbelief. Thuseheasked,asachild might seek an explanation of something which it sees but does not understand, 'How shall this be?3 But there was more to be desired than the assurance that a miracle was about to be per formed. Mary had recently been betrothed to Joseph, and, according to the law of Moses, an act of unfaithfulness to the pledge of fidelity subjected the woman to the penalty of death by stoning. The law, however, had fallen into desuetude, but a scarcely less rigorous punishment took the place of the capital penalty, in that the woman became an object of public opprobrium, an outcast, a social leper, a criminal to be loathed by all respectable persons. To a sensitive nature like Mary's, whose life was one of singular purity and deeply religious conviction, a cloud upon her chastity was more awful than the shadow of death itself. Thus, .while receiving the heavenly passenger with a feeling of rapture subdued by the possibility of reproach, she enquired, 'How shall this be':' How sliall a maid be a mother j how shall a handmaid, even of the Lord, escape the flings of accusers, the contumely of those who make infidelity an unpardonable iniquity ; how shall she avoid the scom of her own house hold, the condemnation of him whom she had followed with first pledges at the marriage altar? Thus did she eagerly ask, 'How shall this be?' Gabriel perceived the troubled feelings that filled Mary's heart, the joy coupled with desire to know quickly how she should escape the shadow of impurity which might be thrown upon her by those who knew her best, for he hastened to reassure her by saying — ff 'The Holy Ghost shall come upon thee: and the power of the Highest shall overshadow thee; therefore also that Holy Thing which shall be born of thee shall be called the Son of God.' This explanation calmed her. perturba- tions, for she was in an innocent condition, having trangressed no law, so that she realised the birth of a child could come to her only through a direct manifestation of God, and the fact would be a culminating demonstration of the Divine favor in her behalf. With perfect resignation and composure she therefore answered, 'Behold the handmaid of the Lord ; be it unto me according to thy word.' When we consider the general expectancy of the time as to the early eoming of the Messiah and the aspiration of every Jewess to become the mother of the promised Saviour, we can gain some faint conception of the overflowing joy with which Mary received the holy message, the celestial glory that irradiated her heart, the heavenly transports that lifted and da:i/.led her souL The very intimation of motherhood delights every pure woman, while the first pulsation of that life which is a part of her arouses an enerpy and creates a happiness which thrills ' the heart as no other feeling can. With the assurance of the angel, which appsaled so strongly to her faith, the utterance of her name in kindly familiarity and the declaration that her cousin Elizabeth had received a like manifestation of Divine favor and three months hence would bear a son, greatly in tensified her faith and anticipations. THE MEETIXii BETWEEN MART AND ELIZABETH. ' There was now a delightful secret in the breasts of Mary and Elizabeth, and which we must believe they were anxious to divulge to one another. Mary indeed had been told of the great joy that was soon to be realised by her aged and long-barren cousin, but she wanted confirmation of the annunciation from Elizabeth's own lips, and was perhaps more anxious to bear the news of her own good for tune to her beloved kinswoman, that together they might rejoice as the most highly blessed of womankind. Actuated by this overmastering desire, Mary made quick preparation to visit her aged cousin, whose home, somewhere in the hills near Hebron, was fully one hundred miles distant from Nazareth. Mary must have been indeed a resolute woman to undertake such a journey. There was no railroad train, nor nchly upholstered palanquin at her service ; probably not even a. camel for one so poor as she to mount. Perhaps a little burro, the cheapest as well as the most inconvenient means of transportation in all Palestine, might have been at her disposal. But the way was not only long, the route dreary and robber-infested, her comforta few as the discomforts were plentiful, but the road was rock- bestrewn, mountain clasping hand with mountain, and valley tumbling down into gorges, dashing streams swelling into rivers and then halting before barren stretches or overteeming wadys. We do not know that this poor but blessed woman had even the company of a guide, or the help of a relative, or the en couragement of travellers passing over the same route. But she had the greater com forter, guide, and companion, a heart filled with joyful expectancy and heavenly assurance, as she went into the hill country with haste to communicate and to receive glad tidings that the holy messenger had announced to her. The New Testament record is brief, aud only Luke has left even a bare statement of the annunciation and a few lines descriptive of the events which followed ; but the omission of more extended particulars may be supplied by our imaginations, which appear as natural conclusions based on events which followed immediately after the nativity. If angels, Jike a mighty host, appeared to Elisha ; if a voice was heard by Hagar to save her child from thirst ; if Gabriel pub on an incarnate form to be messenger from God; if radiant beings sang hallelujahs in the skies and called the startled shepherds to Bethlehem ; if angel hands drew back the prison bars and gave re lease to Peter, then surely angels must have been companions of Mary on this long journey ; angel bands that were sent as a watch, to cheer and protect, to con vert a harsh road into an embowered and easy way : to pluck out the stones and plant violets in their places ; to hide the natural diffi culties under embankments of sweet marjorams and lilies and clematis; to lade the air with perfume and melody, and to make the winds musical with praise and thank- offerings. May we not suppose that God was as favorable to ' Mary on this journey as He was to Jacob or to Joshua? His aftercare proves it. And so in due tiine_ Mary arrived at the humble house of Zacharias and entering therein was received by Elizabeth with evidences of illimitable joy, which was as quickly succeeded by a transport of heavenly delight as the Holy Spirit revealed to her by a sudden inspiration 'the Mother of her Lord.' At tlie same mo ment the thrill of motherhood quickened her appreciation of the blessing wbseh hadcoa-e: upon hftrself, and her. praises- awoke in Mary tfie Eublime poetry of an overjoyed e&aJ;, which i : . ' '.. found expression in Gne of the most pictaresfv-te lyrics, to be found in either the OJd or JNew Testament. ;-.'. ? (To he ccniirUi'd.) 