DIOCESE OF SANDHURST. (From our oion Correspondent.) On Thursday evening, 5th inst., a large and representative meeting of the laity was held in St. Lilian's Hall in connection with the celebration of Bishop Crane's golden jubilee, which occurs on the 12th of April. Mr. P. Hayes occupied the chair. Several apologies for non-attendance were received. In nearly every instance cheques towards the proposed presentation were enclosed. After considerable discussion, in which the chairman, secretary, Dr. Burke- Gaffney, Mr. D. O'Keeffe, and others took part, it was decided to ask permission of the ecclesiastical authorities to allow the committee to have collections taken up at the pro-Cathedral towards the presentation fund on a day to be named. Delegates were appointed to interview the Bishop as to his Lordship's willingness to accept of a purse of sovereigns and a congratulatory address as proposed by the meeting. In order to give the country districts around the city an opportunity of taking part in the movement, members of the Sandhurst committee will accompany the clergyman on Sunday who is to officiate, and will bring the matter under the notice of the members of the congregation and form a local committee in each centre. The proposal has been taken up in right earnest, and, judging from the enthusiasm shown at Thursday's meeting, the celebration promises -to be worthy of the venerable prelate in whose honour it is being organised. The Lenten pastoral was read at Mass and at Vespers in St. Kilian's and in all the churches of the diocese on Sun-, day. The Bishop's strong condemnation of Freemasonry has attracted considerable attention. Happily in this district there are few, if any, professing Catholicity who are at the same time members of this body. At 3.30 p.m. on Sunday there was a meeting of the League of the Cross held in the pro- Cathedral, under the presidency of the Rev. J. Rooney. There: was a large attendance of members. The deadly effects of the vice of intemperance was dwelt on by the spiritual director, who is evincing much interest in the welfare of the society. A concert in connection with the league was given in St. Kilian's Hall on Monday evening, which was very well attended. The spiritual director occupied the chair. At four o'clock on 8unday afternoon, the usual meeting of the promoters of the Apostlcship of Prayer was held in the ante-room of the! Bishop's palace. There was a very good attendance. The spiritual director (Rev. W. Lawler) presided. A large i amount of subscriptions to the Australian Messenger were acknowledged at the meeting. Fr. Lawler said he believed that the promoters would gladly undertake the duty of the weekly Communion bf Atonement. If seven members wen to engage to go toGommnnion, one each day, a daily reparation would be made] to the Sacred Heart of Jesus. The suggestion was eagerly taken up, and necessary details arranged, after which the meeting closed in the usual form. In the evening, at Vespers, a procession of the Children of Marv was held in the pro-Cathedral, headed by their spiritual director, in honour bf 'the feast of the Purification of the Blessed Virgin Mary. About 250 members of the sodality were present, and, with their numerous and richly-adorned bannerettes, presented a very edifying sight. Bishop Reville, who has been engaged in episcopal duties in another part of the diocese for some weeks, returned to Sandhurst on Wednesday evening. Next week the mission to be given by the Carmelite Fathers for the women of the parish will continue from Monday till the following Sunday afternoon. The men's mission begins on Sunday evening, 22nd inst., and will conclude on Sunday, 8th March. For the first week the Masses will be at seven, eight, and nine o'clock. For the last two weeks MasB at six and eight o'clock. The evening exercises will begin at 7.30 p.m. As showing the usefulness for good of a Catholic journal, such as the Advocate is, I may mention that, speaking the other day to some people from a distant station, they casually mentioned the fact of their intention to remain in Sandhurst for the mission. Per acciden-s I asked how they heard of the mission, and it turned out to be from the columns of the Advocate. Truly, in the words of Pius IX., " a Catholic newspaper is a perpetual mission in every household." Evening classes are now in full opera* tion at St. Kilian's school under the direction of the head master, Mr. J. M. Flanagan. Apart from the exceptionally high qualifications which this gentleman possesses in the varied field of knowledge, his long experience as a trainer of teachers in connection with the leading establishments in Ireland, and his having been for a considerable time on the staff of Clongowes' Wood College, and latterly at Riverview and the Holy Ghost Colleges at Sydney and at Ballarat respectively, should assure intending students that they will receive all the assistance which knowledge and tried skill can bring to bear in their particular branches. The terms can be ascertained on application to the principal, or at the local Catholic bookseller's, Mrs. Fairlie. The committee entrusted with the management of St. Patrick's sports, ably seconded by the secretaries, Messrs. J. M. Flanagan and H. Skehan, are making active preparations for the celebration of the national day. The Government have notified their intention of gazetting the 17th March a public holiday in Sandhurst. A liberal programme of events has been published, and last, but not least, the subscriptions are coming in freely. 