? . London [rnoM ocx own coeeespomdest.] Loxdov, April 3. Several sporting fixture* liave been decide^ ?See I but KTftte tfl vou, J?irs- oamo tto ?Vanity l»»t race on Balurday week j to watch U-i« race I occupied my usual coign of vantage ? f» ths Devonshire Meadows, Jnst sliort of Bsniss BrUn. From tblt Dolnt 6ns can see W progiea of the ipx all alopg tlw- reach f .. tttbtreisj^ruKd«Jmtb*m«ileh, it Ukes . ' fox 'ben.' To qpiri. pace on the railway ' Wg» below, wait hours, and then *?o the kauendon, the mm of JOs. has to be dU woedj te have a splendid position on tbe I fsVwlonent oKthefttJkonshTre Meadows, to f wablsto w»lk about «Al keep from getting froten by Ukft^MaW)orth-«a«ter)y wind, tbe ?, a^bjibrUkwalkthioiightfitewick. Tliors tp*w AnstralfAM In S5-« IxmU tbU year, rUk^nfflSrd,w.ia«cb._i TtaO»W »« wife much the stronger, wAm they bad P-w^Wophenomi»Uy1ilittrtaJ», thorlv«. ddo betting -wa, heavily in their favor. Asa rule, this is a criterion to go by, but on this occasion the result showed that the men, as to condition strength, skill, and boats~were i!^TlL~Sa'?I?ch '? thatthronghont the whole course of the race hardly did asao ofmorethanafew-yardsseparatethem. A nn al»!my jP?'* *?* boat' *'' n°-« neck and neck, and I consider the race ofllSl the bert I l«»e ever seen, and I have wit nessed a good many contests. On the «ame day was decided the House of iximmoM point-to-pomt race, along a nice bit rfoountrynearDaventry. Thniwas started ?5^rS^*#°. «? novelty but now it has 'jr.uuuaea into an annual event. The first year it was won by Mr Elliot Lees, an ardent bladstozuan, on a horse without a ?»?» On am vmg at the winning post he at once ga\ e to his steed the.style of'Honie Rule' \n& sent a wire to his leader as to his success. Unfortunately, the animal was disqualified, and -So 'Homo Tlnln^ «1M ««f »;« . tfr.». ? ? Mr. Uxa made np for the disappointment by wuming last year. This year the race was split up into sections, for different weights ; Mr Pease winning the middle weight am Lord Henry Bcntinck the heavy A very important billiard match has just been decided between two men who conld not be got into close quarters before. Roberts, the champion, gave Pcall, the master of the spot stroke, 12,000 out of 24,000 points, and hoped to gnc him a beating besides. But this undertaking was to much , in order to win the game, Roberts wonld have had to Bcore on each occasion just twice as fast as the other man and this he signally failed to do. Peall is a rattling goodjrfayer, though not as bnlhant as Roberts. The match was limited to a fortnight, and only on the last day was it decided. Peall won by 2,600. Althougbheis beaten, Roberts has the pleasant consolation of pocketing the sum of £2,500 as his share of the.' gate. lT- The match, in which the play was on no occasion brilliant, excited no end of interest. The attendance was large and aristo cratic, Mr. A. J. BaHoor, the Irish secretary, being: present on several occasions. Mr. Balfour is a devotee of billiards, as well as golf, of which game he is madly fond, he has written a book on it. , ? Jib'. Harris' announcements for his forth coming opera season at the Drury Lane Theatre are out to-day, and the list of engage ments— and artistes — appears to be a satis factory one.. The first opera of. the season is to be pluck's '.'Orieo,' in which the sisters Ravogli are to Bing. These ladies made their dibtil^ in this country last autumn, when there was a short season of opera. Mdlle. Ginlia Ravogli, the elder, -is said to be one of the finest Italian signers we have had for years. The two singers have good looks, as well as talent. Faust, Carmen, Lohengrin, follow in the order named, and that splendid tenor,. Jean de Reszke', is to take the title-role in the last named play. Perhaps to Austra lians in London Mr. Augustus Harris' operatic arrangements are of most importance when they deal with Madame Melba. This lady has been engaged to sing . during the season for the fine iee of £200 a- night ; the engage ment was made lost year./ Since' th«n» as your readers, are no doubt aware, she has been doing great things on the continent. At. fit Petersburg her performances were the cause of the greatest enthusiasm to the Russian people, who ore very critical. Also, Madame had the honor of being received by tie Czar of all the Russians in audience, on which occasion his hard and fast rule as to the searching of visitors for dynamite was' dispensed with. Madame Melba is now in Paris; she is to arrive in London on the 1st of June, and her. engagement at the Opera will then commence. From all-; accounts Patti is to- be eclipsed by the success of the Australian prfraa dgnna ; 4qnh.{less ft trijliortt itf'1? ft'waltS hW: N* Armstrabg, left Uindoa for Queensland by the P. and O. MnsBilja. He will, I understand, made but a short stay, there, and then return to this country. At the end of the year Madame Melba is to go to the States for a season of opera, or early in 1892: the Americans are anxious to hear her. As some absurd reports, coupling the name 'of Madame Molba with that of that hare-brained young scrapegrace, the Due d'Orleans, have received considerable circulation in tbe newspapers, in a veiled way — I believe they have been telegraphed to Australian-it may be wprth whjle tq ejplajn that the infafctatiOB fif tk.8 tj?i« was fqr the ortistie performances pf the singer. He is fond of music, and has some, critical ability, and talent,: himself. After being released from duration vilo in the French prison, and having ilted his sweetheart (this young lady attended him most devotedly when he was in captivity, and English people, at least, do not like him the better for his action in this matter), time, naturally, hung heavily on his hands. He took' to roaming about ; the continent, and when in Russia he heard. Madame M§m giag jn one gf her best nartg ; lje TKa£ enraptured, and then attended the other concerts. When she had returned tq Paris, the reporters still persecuted Madame Melbp, and. insisted that the young duke was disguised as a footman, and was in her service. As a matter Qf fact, he had not been near the place, and he wrote to the papers to say so. A lumbering kind of apology is put forth by the agencies to the effect that Madame Me{ba was walking, id the Northern- 8 tat Iqn with if r. Armstrong, when the latter was leaving Paris, and that a foot man who accompanied .them bore an extra ordinary likeness to the Duke. The public are so much* interested, in tug (Iptntn rjf d.i*i tinguish.ed, persons Ufta. your countrywoman, that toe newspapers are tempted to gratify this longing by Inserting such ' disagreeable rubbish asthe foregoing. ' . Mr. Morehead since bis arrival in England has been living very quietly at Cheltenham. Ho comes up to town once a week, and calls oh his old friends. Mr. D'Arcy gave a dinner party in his honor lag$ we^k. Rt TlW OWWion', 90, St. Junes' Square | about ten old Queens hinders were asked to meet him. Mr. Charles Rawson, Colonel Wilbraham, Dr. McCann, Mr. Curtayne, late of Melbourne, were amongrt the guest* The Hon. W. H. Wilson is very busy inspecting the arrangements of the General Post Office, with the view of akjpjj bud? tq Queensland a. /e,w tfrinWei ta E'elp 'forward the' ' administration of tbg department in the cplonyi ? -.-; — ? ? Curious coincidences' happen to oil of us. Two have lately occurred In my experience. On a certain day in October X wai engaged in looking over some old books, and lighted upon -one— an ancient Latin primer ofsoine :lnd — onthetitlopage of which was inscribed the autograph of a great-great undo of mine, with tbe date affixed. This was exactly one hundred years to a day ago. Number two, — On Tuesday evening last I was reading; in Gharfbcrt Jo&qoI; 4 ale oflove.Tiatred., and revenge. The lost varhea took the form of a'mjttonless foil in tbe stage duel— the parties were actors— between fcimeo and TybUt io the well-know play. The imocta tors thonaht the contest 'realistio,' and M it proved to be for Tybalt fell dead' pierced to the huart by hfs adversary's rapier, Jn Wednesday morning I read in the papers, nnder the title 'A Fatal Stage Duel,' an account of an almost exactly similar occur rence, that had taken place whilst I was reading the tragedy of 1872. During tho performance of 'Romeo and, Jnj[qt' a_!;tha. Wftnah.eitar &**&'* Schools ' bu some imafeiin, the' scene of tb« due) between Mercntioand T;l»)t was reached, when Borneo parted the combaWnti M umial; Moroutlo fell to the around crying, «' I am iiurt, a plague on both your boniest I am sped.' These being the words of the plav, no notice was taken, till blood was sean to bo (lowing from tho (alien roan. Me (lieu in a {ow muiote*, Tybalt'* swurd having penetra ted bis chest to the depth of sevon inches. The donated wot T, W, Whalley, agod 10. Wliether tho hurt camo from tho wcspwi oj Bomoo, or Tyl|ilf. one cannot at prwiitany. The affair to mV. mlnil ismyjterWiu. Any Xav, tho colncl'Ienos Is strange. Lord Granville't death romovo a remark able figure from tho political and social ttago. Hl» but wiWlo ipMiwci. wo* »t Lord Gfaington's banquet, tfi whkb function ho, ? 0 proposed tbe Prince of Wales' health.. We aH thought him fitiling sadly then. Hevu a splendid exrmplerf thereal pstnaan. Whin! ail Mr. Gladstone's aristocratic supporters ?ilesei ljs1-t¥riTi:-py|ftftff-T/TpTrf3T'''r'll^i'»'i*iiT^- tine, and ever since, out of faithfulness to his old friend and leader, has advocated and represented ' (rlndnto'^fttl ? principles.^in ' the House of Lords. Lord Granville has always been popular, owing to his ''t»Kl» a&d; sympathetic temperament ; he was not a man of shining, ability, 'but possessed plenty, pf good common sense. It was, said pf him, 'Education he bos none. He may have read »book,as£rummel once ate a pesvbntitis doubtful.' - He was a somewhat self indulgent man^ and ' ::.on. one occasion tbe French Ambassador had to waylay him in the street as he was going to- a -3'mpr party in order to get an important treaty signed, which formality. Lora. Granville accomplished with one-^ggtfBB Bis carnage step.' His successor, .the rBestbt ^^brl yiay teke rank as the only PngMiili Celte^ KaVl whV has a half-crown ronrpalfd somVwhere in his throat, or the neighborhood. \When he was Lord Leveson he was mnnring- the family party at Walmer on one occasion' by conjuring tricks, in the course of which he was- unfortunate enough to swallow a half-crown. The coin lodged in his throat, and has never been dislodged. I give here a description of the game of baccarat, to guide any of your readers who may wish to become as proficient as H.R.H. — The player who keeps the bank is seated m the middle of the table, which is covered with billiard cloth. In front of him is a disc drawn in chalk. Here tho banker keeps his money. Three packs of cards arcnow thrown upon the table and mixed up together. These cords ore placed in a box like m shape to the gold scoops used by bonk cashiers.. In front of the card box is a tray, into which the cards are thrown at the conclusion - of each txrap. Facing the banker there is a chalk line across the table, dividing it into two sides. At each side of the banker a croupier is seated. ' These help him to collect and distribute the bets. Each have, taken a small- share in the bonk.' The punters now seat themselves at the table, some at one side and some at the other. All are armed with counters, convertible, into coin of the realm. . The banker calls ripon_the punters to make, their game, and before a card is dealt they put down theamount for which they intend to back the hand. Nine, or the nearest number to nine, wins. The ace counts as one, ten and the court cards are baccarat. The dealer deals two cards to the right side, two to the left, and takes two himself. He looks at his cards. He holds a five and a three, and exposes them on the table. Neither of the other hands beat this, bo that the whole of the money which has been posted by the company, is swept into the bank. If the banker has less in his hand than eight he does not expose his' hand. The punters look at. their cards, and are entitled if they do not hold more than four points to ask for another. The banker, too, may take a third card. He then declares, his points. If both of the punters' hands ore higher than his he. has to pay both. Should one be higher and the ather lower, he receives on one and pys on. the other. The dealer holds the bank until, the banker, has been smashed, or until he has exhausted his period of office by dealing twice through the packs in the box. Theamount that -may be won and lost in a single evening, if the counters represent large sums, is very large. Abont ;80 coups may be played in on, hour. The;- two ,cards are received by a seated player, who turns them over and asks for another card if he is en titled to one. His loss is that of the others;' When a player has posted his njonsy ho is not long in doubt, fqr jus. conn is over and his fate settlgdj in lesi than a minute. Is baccarat a gome of ohanoa or a game of skill? The lanker lias scope for the exercise of some judgement, but the punter none whatever. Ihear 'A Doll's House' is having a great run in Australia. This is what a writer says of Ibsen and his works : — '.' People are sti]l fighting over Ibsen. The performance of 'Ghosts' the qth,gr evsning'at the Inde Rend»nt Theatre — a name which the attempt to form a theatre Kbn in London has allotted to the Royalty — has still further accentuated the controversy. The critics of most of the. papers, headed - by the red.q,uhtahl« Mr, Clement Scott, h.ave denounced tt with all b.cir- th.und^ro« in. their ey^s the play is T^ypnrai, disgusting, impossible as dramatic art. The Ibssoitfis laugh at them, dubbing them Philistines- and cultureless persons, too blunted with tradition to endure the moral lesson with every play of' Ibsen contains. ' I heard an Ibsenite say the other day that ' the newspaper critics were such a dissolute lot of fellows themselves that any play with a moral meaning had a personal signification, arjd. &a; put their- back; OB-' Rslik play of ?which tha Bublegt matter outfit not; hi'the Tima wKterts cpjnion, to be discussed outside a hospita], is certainly too highly seasoned dramatic food, for th.9 average palate.' 