'HOW A GOOD SHIP WASSJjOST. vital -as. On the night of October 27 1842, the good ship. Mary Compton, of I Bristol; England, was struggling with a fearful gale off the coast of North America. The wind blew furiously, but the weather was clear, and the captain expected every moment to get sight of the light in the lighthouse on the Iron Rock Shoals. This lighthouse marked I the entrance to the harbours 'Once there, I and they were Safe. Sure of his position, ; he sailed on confidently. Five minutes later the ship struck with a fearful shock and I went to pieces, Four men, including the captain, were saved. On reaching the shore they found a strange thing had happened. j An enemy of the lighthouse-keeper had bound husband and foot and extinguished the light. It Souls, as well as ships, stood by the lights. Hope is the most important lighthouse in the world. What shall be said of the man who darkens it in the face of a storm-tossed spirit ? i s i i, " ? " To are beyond human aid." Those words overheard by a physician to a woman who had come to consult him. Admitting that he thought so, had he the right to say so ? No for he might be wrong-and in any case he had no business to put out the light . . ' i This woman had been ill for some time. I In June, 1889, she was greatly alarmed by her-symptoms. Her heart palpitated, and she was so giddy she could scarcely stand. 5 Her head whirled "and," she said',' all [ objects seemed to go into a cloud." She had to hold herself up or sit down for fear of falling. She broke out in a sweat- although cold as death. A dreadful cough racked her frame so that she could not be down in bed and sleep. < i i ) ', - " " I could scarcely crawl about the house," she says, "I was so weak. I tried different remedies and, medicines without avail. I went to the Dispensary at New Briggate and asked the doctor to tell me the worst. His answer was I have mixed ' you some medi- cine ; you can take it or leave it. I took it for three weeks, then gave up in despair, /."Italked with two other physicians. The at last one said You are past human aid.' " My heart sank within me, for I had five little children, and my death would leave them without a mother's Jo veil and care. I if sent home and cried till I was sick] î I had no appetite, and had lost flesh till I was thin as a ghost ! My mother came to see me and did not know me. My skin was of a green and yellow colour, and when I ate anything it seemed to stick in my throat. About this time I commenced vomiting, and what I throw up was tinged with blood. Once I began. to vomit at i 9 o'clock on a Saturday morning and scarcely got rest from it until Monday morning, , it At this time I remembered that Mrs. Wilson; with whom I formerly worked in Crawford's Mill in East-street, Leeds (where I live), had been cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. So I sent to Mr. Jesson's, the chemist, in Great Garden-street, and got a bottle. A few doses stopped the vomiting, and by degrees from day today I felt better. Soon I could eats dry crust, and by the time I had finished the second bottle I had got over all my bad symptoms, and was fast getting my strength back. I am now April 1890), in better health than ever' before in my life " I should have taken Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup sooner, but my husband was out of work and we had only a trifle coming in from his club, but I thank "God did get it at last, and it cured me' bacon as I was, All my friends and neighbours know the facts have rotated, and I will reply to any letters of enquiry." (Signed), Mrs. Ann Mills, 40, Bread-street, York Road,- Leeds, This was a case of indigestion and dyspepsia, with symptoms showing how far' it had affected the nervous system. A few months, or possibly weeks more, and Mrs. Mills would have had no tale to tell. She did wrong to wait one hour for any reason, after having known what Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup had done for her friend Mrs. Wilson.' ''. 