CHAPTIÏR III. CONCLUSION. Holding up Mio lantern and psering downwards, John Westcott fouud himself at the head of a flight of brick steps. Those steps were incommodiously narrow;, being bailt up between the outer and inner Walls of the mansion. It was im- possible, with such broad shoulders as Westcott's, to descend otherwise thau obliquely. Tho sensation was uot agree- able ; loss, so even, than being lowered into a well, for a rops is something ; hore tho connecting link with the outer world was, as it were, completely cut off ; eran the sound of Marian's piano having gradu- ally died ont. Or had she stopped play-. ingP thought Westcott. Had Mr. Carter awoke ? Although the chilling draught of air was lessened whou the pauel was closed, the cold damp atmosphere, and that peculiar mustiness which clings to vaults sud such-like underground places, became j more precoptabtc at every stop ; and these steps seemed endless. Tot ho had pro-. ; posed to return in ten minutes/ Was it possible to complete this expsdition in search of -his uncle's ? gold in so short a time P It scarcely seemed probible. And yet Westcott did not despair. The encouraging look which Marian had given him-inspired confidence in his purpose, Ifjhe'had acted impulsively, "the motive had hean a good one. His pro.iu.pt decision I was stimulated by a keen desire to save his uncle's lirra from ruiu ; in truth, he had been seizsd with an nndifiucd sense of apprehension /when first ' encountering ' the Indian serrant in. his travels. The ' man had told him in a rambling way that Mr. Girdlestone's death' might, prove a ! serious blow to the business ; and he had implored hie " young master," as he had ' celled Westcott-for he had known him when a boy-to proceed without loss of time to Fisher's Folly and put matters right while there was still time. The man had awakened a deep interest in Westcott's mind concerning the old house and its surroundings, not omitting the beautiful Miss Carter. Indeed, the young man had pictured to himself a lovely girl, frpm the indian's description, lighting the Golden Ijatnp, long beforo the "vision" oame in sight. The first glimpse of Marian, when entering the precincts of Fisher's Folly a few hours ago, had somewhat resembled the realisation of a £fw?' Westcott bad no tjiua for snob reflections at this moment ; {or be had reached the foot of the steps and had come apon a long passage. It was at, right anglos to the steps ; it widenod out sufficiently to enable him to walk straight ahead. He at ooce quickened his pace ; but he was careful as he advanced to observe every detail of tho brickwork; for he dreaded the mere thought of losing his way in such a dark and mysterious lopaltyy. To any ono with a belief iu the super, natural, however slight, this was an expedition likely to awaken a feeling of snspiolon. More than ono strange fancy flashed across Westcott's brain. A sudden current of air, which he now encountered, was like tho. icy breath of aqine unseen phantom that had hurried by. But this only proved to be, when h,e. raised hw lnntreu. and examined the walls, a small iron grating, whij.h was doubtless placed there for ventilation. But hf had no sooner, explained away thjs.flhenomeju ou tatra. ' 4 niedre weird, sensation seised Upou him. ?he noise of mufíjed footsteps broke upon his ear-footsteps that seemed to be approaching nearer and nearer, for eaoh moment they sounded more distinct- ly, and beyond the passage along which he was advancing. Was it the tread of a sentinel, in the shape of Mr. Girdlestone? ghost, on guard over the bags of gold P Westcott stopped and listened. The sound of the footsteps ceased; he had heard the echo of his owu footfall in an extensive vault. A pace beyond where he had stopped would have brought him to the entrance; a few feet more anc{ lia woujd probably, l^ave fallen, head forejqesji Was it to be wondered at that the Indian servant, Westcott no tr thought, had dod so preciptately from his house in Fisher's Folly after his master's deatii P If lie had once followed him into these vaults, as the mau professed to havo done, his sudden dread could be understood. Mr. Girdlestone must havo seemed, in the eyes of this uututorod native, some thing almost superhuman-a beiug whose disemboided spirit haunted Fisher's Folly. Had not a shadowy form, as he imagined, appeared to him when he was on the p »int of revealing the secret ? Evon Westcott, who was amongst the most sceptial con- cerning disemboided spirits, began ti ox psrience a cei-taiu indefinable tranter, for the vault at the edge of which ht u sw found himself liad no visible limit. Tho light from the lantern, in whichever way he directed it, gave him no clue as to tho dimensions of the place ; it was, lie could only conclude, an immense cellar. Ho shrank back with a natural feliinsr of hesitation. Which direction should ho take P If he descended and went forward iuto the impenetrable darkness, the chance of finding his way back appeared rem tte His oply plan would be to follow, if pos- sible, the direction çl the wal), «ither lo tho right or to the loft. By this means he -might, without abandoning all hope, continue tile search. Before taking another step forward, however, h J resolved to make a close ex ami nation of the spot. Aud he soon dis- covered that the entrance to this pansage along which he had come had beeu cut out of the brick wall. The hole was not symmetrical, but sufficiently large for an ordinary-sized man to pass through. The bricks which had doubtless boen taken from this hole lay in a heap 2ft. or 3ft. bolow. While inspecting this heap, over which he had been on the poiut of stum- bling, the light from the läutern fell upon something which sst Westcott'« heart beating fast. The d ior of the cellar, as far as he could see, was unpaved ; it was covered with damp-looking clay. Ho crept down over tho bricks aud alighted upon it. The clay was trodden down ¡uto a distinct foot pit li towards the left and close under tho wall ! To what point could this footpath lead? Westcott did not hesitate another second. Bending forward, with the lantern almost touching the ground, he carefully, followed the beaton track. Presently he -stopped and raised the lantern. Ho was standing opposite the closed door, lu his impatience he struck it with his heel; but it resisted the shock. He hasfeuod to detach tiiq key from the lautcra and place it iu Ute j keyhole. It fitted tho lock'; but HO forcé ¡would moro tho key ; it resisted all his j efforts tç turn it. j I Westcott drew the key ont of tho lo^k j I in despair. He stood looking at it with a puzzled face. But presently tho puzzled expression changed. His eves became hopeful »nd animated. He. noticed marks of rust upon the key-marks which wore not there when ho placed it in the lock. j He knelt down and oponed tho lantern. Having unscrewed the lamp uoar tho wick ho fouud the lower part more than half full of oil. He poured some drops 1 upon the key and again thrust it iu the keyhole, After some psruasion it began to show signs of yielding. The key moved, then stuck, then moved agajm, Westcott's patience was becoming, ex- hausted ; his face flushed, and, Iiis l\aud, ; shook . from excitement. Suddenly the key turned,, and the door ¿lew open. W^sjbcott raised lantern hastily above I his head and went stealthily forward. # # # # # Meanwhile, Mr. Carter, asleep in his a^'.cfiaiÊ w&:'dróaniing about h's bid parinör. Ho dreamt tiiat ho <'onld hear ! ÍRnv pacing up aud down tho diuing- liall, while he sat at his writing-table iu the office below. itrseemed to him that Mr. GiMlistönohau found ont the* disastrous state of affairs ; that tito discovery had brought hint o,ut of his grave, and that he vas exerting all his great financial facul- ties iu order to save the house ; and his peculiar walk, as it appeared to Slr. Carter, expressed his anger a,( the situa- tion. He felt himself greatly humilated. He had ' »ot tlje courage to go and place the, matter clearly before M¡r. Qi\viÍestone.. He'was persuaded of his inferiority as a financier-though ho had done his host, ashe kept repeating to himself, he " had; don,e his best." Bntrs the uiosotonans tread of his, ivikmtjeiss, pftptn.W «$11 wont on ^ it skeined, to, e^tec fóto the very throb blusa o| Iiis brain. Ho could uQjk shut onfthe sound, %% length lt haearaè so unbearable thajthe. cried oat in despair, and awoke, " Did you call mo, father ?" Marian, was si anding at the entrance to the dining-room with her oyes fixed anxi- ously upon the merchant. Mr. Carter put his hand to his forehead perplexedly. " A. strange dream," he muttered. Then sud- denly lookiug up, ho said : « Where is John?" Marian glanced at the clock. The, ten, minutes which John Westcott had named had almost expired. Would he soon ^nrn P She listened with, intense .eagerness for ajay nidteatkhi of bj* com- ! Again Mr. Carter passed his hand across his brow. "I bare boen dream- ing," said he. " Am I dreamiug now P" and ho glanced round tho room. Sudden- ly he started up. " Whore is the Golden Lamp P" At this moment Marian, standing with- in her boudior and noar the secret panel, heard a slight noise, but she dreaded to look round ; she dreaded to take her eyes frein her father's face. She 9poke to her- self in a low tone of despair ; " What shall I do ?" Immediately a niufflvd tone whispered in reply: " Tell him everything. Allis well." Mr. Carter had stink into his chair. Marian approached him. Hur faco brightened with a sudden feeling of gratitude and delight. But tho merchant .lid not lok up. " I have been dream- ing," ho reposted. " I <lreamt that Mr. Girdlestone had come back to life-that lie was pacing up and down this room. Ho seemed to kum ult about our troubles." Marian sitdonru beside the merchant. "Father."' said she, '. I, too, hayo had a dreain." He looked np with a smile. " About Mr. Girdlestone ?" There wa« ni way« something cheering in his daughter's voice. " Partly," she replied, "and partly about Iiis tiiouey." " His money, Mniau !" .* Yes. I have be MI dreaming that ne-.vs liad reached ns about Mr. Girdle .st-no's Indian servant. He knew every- thing' connected with his master's affairs ; ho oven knew the Jtieauiug nf that key which lias been so long a mystery to us." " Why, Marian-" " Tlwt is not all. The news that reach, ed ns-in my dream-was that the key aponed a secret strong-room. The ludias was consciencestrick'jii ; and on his d«atlt hod implored som.'nuj to come and toil il* all about it. Au I,'' added Marian, "some one cania-soaiO one who took tho Inn tern and the kiymid went in Search of thu slrong ro«u ; for in.this secret place, a* I dreamt, tile re »re bags aid bags o? gil" The iuorchani. \v«H now looking keenly into his «Iniigliter'fî^pe^Marian did not return his ^laht'e^ut^l^ placed her hand P'ráii isivoly ou' his arm. for he' had half rUftii from htó'tñíSr*:* 41 Tho oi\ly way, 'father, to reach this str.»ng-rootn," con- tinued Marian-r'" the only way tho India» kno.v of was moviug j» panel in thc wall. And thc jtertou io whom he confided thia i secret-a p -rspu ndatod to Mr. Girdle- stone-followed his iuatracttous amyl fmiud-" Found what V* Mariau could uo louffer keo4> her lat Teer i front, s UM1 ting out of tho chair.' He badi gncjsol the mea-iing of> h^r words.. He was beginuiug to, comprehend that, heed- ful of his anxiety, 6he was trying, in her lore for him,. to,bxvak the nowa of some» gool fortune which had befallen! them*, ; and in such a mannet;- that it might not come upon him too suddenly. She stood I looking' at tenti rely at his anxious fuco as» he walked up and dowu the roomv Ha seemed to he mastering tho suddoni emotion which the dawning knowledge of: brighter days hod. awakened; Presently ; Marian pi\t her bauds gently upon, nisi shoulders and looked up into» his, facet "Slr. is no dream, father. It is true.. The; person to whom Mr. Girdlestone* serv.a*£ confided all this is Mr. Westcott. Boc. itt was his wish, before raising' your-esperta* tions, to make sore that the man's stony was well founded. It ie well founded",, and Mr. Westcott is waiting to, tell jo» all the details himself." Marian induced her father to resume* Iiis place by tho hearth. He sat down*, and with his. l^nds^xressed te his forehead^, stared vacantly «t theare. But sikkteftiy ha lopped up. A quick 6top, had ©aught hijear,, ^eätcott sjbood before him with the lantern in oue hand and au oddtookiujr bag in tho other« ' "Mr. Carier,** wero his first words, "nuke your mind easy. Tho house-of (girdlestone and Company is saved. Thia bag must contain at bast a thousand guiue^^ld there are mom than fifty like, it ia. the strong'-room. Is not this con-' voicing ?'' As Wostcoti spoke, ho lifted tho bag suddenly. It was yellow and rotton from ago, aud the action of raising \t bliest open the sides, and tho floor was covered with gold. Tho-guineas clinked and spun about iu. all directions ; and some of them rolling towards the hearth^ settled dbwn at Mr. Carter's feet. . ' iNeithor Johu Westcott nor Marian's father thought of soaking any vesi that, night, They wera too deeply ocoupiedl with a uiiuute examination of the cellars nuder the old house in Fisher's, í^lly, anet bags of gold that Mr. Girdlestoue'a relative had discovered there. No placo could have better-served a hoarder's pur« pose ; for it was a secret strong-room that had been built centuries ago in _ which to atora treasure in the time of civil war or serious rioting in the City of London. It would have done Mr. Girdlestone*© heart good, let us hope, had he witnessed the prosporoua- tarn whichitàokntdfirm now took. "Under Mr. GarforV instrue tlon-«fort Marian's farber was in reality an excellent man of business-John West- cott became in time as great a financier as his uncle had been before him. And when he was urged to accept a partner ship in the house, a year or two after the memorable date of his return to England, he could not refuse ; for he and Marian had in the meantime learned to love each other. Besides, the will which he found had named him his nude's heir. And BO, after their marriage, Mr. Girdlestone's house was for many years their chosen home. This old mansion in Fisher's Folly, still | standing in these modern times, is unten- anted. It has a lonely and dilapidated appearance. The widows, including the great central window, within which tho Golden Lamp once stood, are begrimed witta dust and smoko ; aud the steps below are as green as antiquated tomb- stones. A great padlock and chain are affixed to the front door, for the' lease has ron out atlast, and this landmark in the history of London will soon be demolished and forgotten.-Chamber's Journal, 