NOVEL. —♦— A Rose of a Hundred Leaves. BY AMELIA E. BARR, CHAPTER II.—Continued. ' I am sure I know what I want, Sarah.' And, as he spoke. Ulfar looked with intelligence at the fair widow, and in answer she shot from her blight blue eyes a bolt of summer lightning that set aflame at once the emotional side of Ulfar's nature. ' You say strange things, Sarah. I wish it was possible to understand you.' ' "Who shall read the interpretation thereof ?" is written on everything we see,— especially on women.' ' I believe,' said Elizabeth, ' that Ulfar has quarrelled with his country maid. Is there a quarrel, Ulfar, really ?' ' No,' he answered, with some temper. Sarah nodded at Ulfar, and said, softly, ' The absent must be satisfied with the second place However, if you have quar- relled with her, Ulfar, turn over a new leaf. I found that out when poor Sandys was alive. People who have to live together must blot a leaf now and then with their little tempers. The only thing is to turn over a new one.' ' If anything unpleasant happens to me,' said Ulfar, ' I try to bury it.' ' You cannot do it. The past is a ghost not be laid ; and a past which is buried alive —it is terrible.' It was Sarah who spoke, and with a sombre earnestness not in keeping with her usual character. There was a minute's pregnant silence, and it was broken by the entrance of a servant with a letter. He gave it to Ulfar. It was Aspatria's sorrowful, questioning note. Written while Brune waited, it was badly written, incorrectly constructed and spelt, and generally untidy. It had the same effect upon Ulfar that a badly-dressed, untidy woman would have had. He was ashamed of the irregular, childish scrawl. He did not take the trouble to put himself in the atmosphere in which the anxious, sorrowful words had been written. He crushed the paper in hid hand with much the same contemptuous temper with which Eliza- beth had seen him treat a dunning letter She knew, however, that this letter was from Aspatria, and, saying something about her father, she went into an adjoining room, and left Ulfar and Sarah together. She thought Sarah would be the proper alterative. The first words Sir Thomas Fenwick uttered regarded Aspatria. Turning his head feebly, he asked, 'Has Ulfar quarrelled with Miss Anneys ? I hear nothing of her lately.' ' I think he is tired of his fancy for her. There is no quarrel.' ' She was a good girl ?—eh? Kind- hearted,—beautiful,—eh, Elizabeth ?' ' She certainly was.' He said no more then ; but at midnight, when Ulfar was sitting beside him, he called his son, and spoke to him on the subject. ' I am going—almost gone—the way of all flesh, Ulfar. Take heed of my last words. You promised to make Miss Anneys your wife ?—eh ?' ' I did, father.' ' Do not break your promise. If she gives it back to you, that might be well ; but you cannot escape from your own word and deed. Honor keeps the door of the House of Life. To break your word is to set the door wide open,—open for sorrow and evil of all kinds. Take care, Ulfar.' The next day he died, and one of Ulfar's first thoughts was that the death set him free from his promise for one year at the least A year contained a multitude of chances. He could afford to write to Aspatria under such circumstances. So he answered her letter at once, and it seemed proper to be affectionate, preparatory to reminding her that their marriage was impossible until the mourning for Sir Thomas was over. Also Death had softened his heart, and his father's last words had made him indeterminate, and a little superstitious. A clever woman of the world would not have believed in this letter ; its aura —subtle put persistent as the perfme of the paper—would have made her doubt its fondest lines. But Aspatria had no idea other than that certain words represented absolutely certain feelings. The letter made her joyful. It brought back the roses to her cheeks, the spring of motion to her steps. She began to work in her room once more. Now and then her brothers heard her singing the old song she had sung to constantly with Ulfar : ' A shepherd in a shade his plaining made, Of Love, and lovers' wrong. Unto the fairest lass that trod on grass, And thus began his song : restore, restore my heart again, Which thy sweet looks have slain, Lest that, enforced by your disdain, I sing, Fye ! fye on Love ! It is a foolish thing ! ' Since Love and Fortune will, I honor still Your dark and shining eye ; What conquest will it be, sweet nymph, to thee, If I for sorrow die ? Restore, restore my heart again, Which, thy sweet looks have slain, Lest that, enforced by your disdain, I sing, Fye ! fye on Love ! It is a foolish thing !' But the lifting of the sorrow was only that it might press more heavily. No more letters came ; no message of any kind ; none of the pretty love-gages he delighted in giving during the first months of their acquaintance. A gloom more wretched than that of death or sickness settled in the old rooms of Seat- Ambar. William and Brune carried its shadow on their broad, rosy faces into the hay-fields and the wheat-fields. It darkened all the summer days, and dulled all the usual mirth-making of the ingathering feasts. William was cross and taciturn. He loved his sister with all his heart, but he did not know how to sympathize with her. Even mother-love, when in great anxiety, sometimes wraps itself in this unreasonable irritability. Brune understood better. He had suffered from a love-change himself ; he knew its ache and longing, its black despairs and still more cruel hopes. He was always on the lookout for Aspatria ; and one day he heard news which he thought would interest her. Lady Redware was at the Hall. William had heard it a week before, but he had not considered it prudent to name the fact. Brune had a kinder intelligence ' Aspatria,' he said, ' Redware Hall is open again. I saw Lady Redware in the village.' ' Brune ! Oh, Brune, is he there too ?' ' No, he isn't. I made sure of that.' ' Brune, I want to go to Redware. Perhaps his sister may tell me the truth. Go with me. Oh, Brune go with with me ! I am dying of suspense and uncertainty.' ' Ay, they're fit to kill anybody, let alone a little lass like you. It will put William about, and it may make bad bread between us ; but I'll go with you, even if we do have a falling-out. I'm not flayed for William's races.' The next market day Brune kept his word As soon as Squire Anneys had climbed the fell brest and passed over the brow of the hill, Brune was at the door with horses for Aspatria, and himself. She was a good rider and they made the distance, in spite of hills and hollows, in two hours. Lady Redware was troubled at the visit, but she came to the door to welcome Aapatria, and she asked Brune with particular warmth to come into the house with his sister. Brune knew better : he was sure in such a case it would prove a mere formal call, and that Aspatria would never have the courage to ask the questions she wished to. But Aspatria had came to that point of mental suffering when she wanted to know the truth, even though the truth was the worst. Lady Redware saw the determination on her face, and resolved to gratify it. She was shocked at the change in Aspatria's appearance. Her beauty was in a measure gone. Her eyes were hollow, and the lids daik and swollen with weeping. Her figure was more angular. The dew of youth, was over. She drooped like a fading flower. If Ulfar saw her in such condition he might pity, but assuredly he would not admire her. Lady Redware kissed the poor girl. ' Come in, my dear,' she said kindly. ' How ill you look ! Here is wine, take a drink.' ' I am ill. I even hope I am dying. Life is so hard to bear. Ulfar has forgotten me. I have vexed him, and cannot find out in what way. If you would only tell me !' ' You have not vexed him at all. ' What then ?' ' He is tired, or he his seen a fresher face. That is Ulfar's great fault. He loves too well, because he does not love very long. Can you not forget him ?' ' No.' ' You must have other lovers ?' ' No. I never had a lover till Ulfar wooed me. I will have none after him. I shall love him until I die.' ' What folly !' ' Perhaps. I am only a foolish child. If I had been wise and clever he would not have left me. It is my fault. Do you believe he will ever come to Seat-Ambar again ?' ' I do not think he will. It is best to tell you the truth. My dear, I am truly sorry for you ! Indeed I am, Aapatria !' The girl had covered her face with her thin white hands. Her attiiude was so hopeless that it brought the tears to Lady Red- ware's eyes. Hoping to divert her attention, she said,— ' Who called you Aspatria ?' ' It was my mother's name. She was born in Aspatria, and she loved the place very much.' ' Where is it, child ? I never heard of it.' ' Not far away, on the sea- coast—a little town that, brother Will says, has been asleep for centuries. Such a pretty place, straggling up the hill-side, and looking over the sea. Mother was born there, and she is buried there, in the church-yard. It is such an old church,—one thousand years old ! Mother said it was built by Saint Kentigern. I went there to pray last week, by mother's grave. I thought she might hear me, and help me to bear the suffering.' ' You poor child ! It is shameful of Ulfar !' ' He is not to blame. Will told me that it was a poor woman couldn't keep what she had won.' ' It was very brutal in Will to say such a thing.' ' He did not mean it unkindly. We are plain-spoken people, Lady Redware. Tell me, as plaialy as Will would tell me, if there is any hope for me. Does Ulfar love me at all, now ?' ' I fear not.' ' Are you sure ?' ' I am sure.' ' Thank you. Now I will go.' She put out her hands before her, as if she was blind and had to feel her way ; and in answer to all Lady's Redware's entreaties to remain, to rest, to eat something, she only shook her head, and stumbled forward. Brune saw her coming. He was standing by the horses, but he left them, and went to meet his sister. Her misery was so visible that he put her in the saddle with fear. But she gathered the reins silently, and motioned him to proceed ; and Aspatria's last sad smile haunted Lady Redware for many a day. Long afterwards, she recalled it with a sharp gasp of pity and annoyance. It was such a proud, sorrowful farewell. She reached home, but it took the last remnant of her strength. She was carried to her bed, and she remained there many weeks. The hills were white with snow, and the winter winds were sounding among them like the chant of a high mass, when the came down once more to the parlor. Even then, Will carried her like a baby in his arms. He had carried her mother in the same way, when she began to die ; and his heart trembled and smote him. He was very tender with his little sister, but tempests of rage tossed him to and fro when he thought of Ulfar Fenwick. And he was compelled lately to think of him very often. All oyer the fell side, all through Allendale, it had begun to be whispered, ' Aspatria Annoys has been desertdd by her lover.' How the fact had become known it was difficult to discover : it was as if it had flown from roof to roof with the sparrows. Will could see it in the faces of his neighbours, could hear it in the tones of their speech, could feel it in the clasp of their hands. And he thought of these things, until he could not eat a meal or sleep an hour in peace. His heart was on fire with suppressed rage. He told Brune that all he wanted was to lay Fenwick across his knees und break his neck. And then he spread out his mighty hands, and clasped and un- clasped them with a silent force that had terrible anticipation in it. And he noticed that after her illness his sister no longer wore the circlet of diamonds which had been her betrothal-ring. She had evidently lost all hope. Then it was time for him to interfere. Aspatria feared it when he came to her room one morning and kissed her and bade her good-by. He said he was ' going a bit off, and might bw a week away,—happen more.' But she did not dare to question him. Will at times had masterful ways, which no one dared to question. Brune knew where his brother was going. The night before, he had taken Brune to the little room which was called ' the Squire's room.' In it there was a large oak chest, black with age and heavy with iron bars. It contained the title-deeds, and many of her valuable papers. Will explained these and the other business of the farm to Brune ; and Brune did not need to ask him why. He was well aware what business William Anneys was bent on, before Will said,— ' I am going to Fenwick Castle, Brune. I am going to make that measureless villain marry Aapatria.' ' It is worth while. He shall keep his promise. If he does not, I will kill him—or he must kill me.' ' If he kills you, Will, he must then fight me.' And Brune's face grew red and hot, and his eyes flashed angry fire ' That is as it should be : only keep your anger at interest until you have lads to take your place. We mustn't leave Ambar-Side without an Anneys to heir it. I fancy your wrath won't get cold while it is waiting.' ' It will get hotter and hotter.' ' And, whatever happens, don't you be saving of kind words to Aspatria. The little lass has suffered more than a bit ; and she is that like mother ! I couldn't bide, even if I was in my grave, to think of her wanting kindness.' The next morning Will went away. Brune would not talk to Aspatra about the journey. This course was a mistake : it would have done her good to talk continually of it. As it was, she was left to chew over and over the cud of her mournful anticipations. She had no womanly friend near her. Mrs. Frostham had drawn back a little when people began to talk of ' poor Miss Anneys.' She had daughters, and she did not feel that her friendship for the dead included the living, when the living were unfortunate and had questionable things said about them. And the last bitter drop in Aspatria's cup full of sorrow was the hardness of her heart towards Heaven. She could not care about God ; she thought God did not care for her. She had tried to make herself pray, even by going to her mother's grave ; but she felt no spark of that hidden fire which is the only acceptable prayer. There was a Christ cut out of ivory, nailed to a large ebony cross, in her room. It had been taken from the grave of an old abbot in Aspatria Church, and had been in her mother's family three hundred years. It was a Christ that had been in the grave and had come back to earth. Her mother's eyes had closed forever while fixed upon it ; and to Aspatria it had always been an object of supreme reverence and love. Even at her best hours she could only stand with clasped hands and streaming eyes before it, and with sad imploration cry,— ' I cannot pray ! I cannot pray ! Forgive me, Christ !' 