If Man Were Built That Way. Osteologist Lucas, of the Smithsonian Institution, was on his way hither holding by one hind leg a large bullfrog which he had just captured at the fish ponds with a seduc- tive bit of red flannel on a fishhook, when he was accosted by a Washington Star reporter, who asked for what purpose the specimen was intended. In response it was shown that the captive was a curiosity in the anatomical way, having three forearms on one side of its body, all of full size, though the creature was not otherwise remarkable in any respect. The intention was to dissect him for scientific purposes, and it was explained that the freak was very likely due to the animal’s having started in life as two individuals, which had become mixed up, like the children of Little Buttercup, at an early stage of their being. ' The frog has been called the victim of science,' because he is always being dissected for the purpose of seeing how he can get along without his most essential organs, how his blood circulates, and how his nervous system acts,’ said Mr. Lucas. ‘ He is selected for such ends not, as is commonly imagined, because his structure is at all human like, but for the reason that he will endure being chopped up to each a remarkable extent and still retain life. You can remove his brain and he will get along fairly well without it, swallowing whatever is put into his mouth and otherwise behaving as usual, though in an automatic sort of fashion. In fact, the animal will live indefinitely under such conditions, as experiment has shown. If you cut out his lungs he will not die for a long tine, because he can breathe very well through his skin. Human beings breathe through the skin all over the body in a small degree, the blood in the superficial vessel taking up a certain amount of oxygen, but the function is exercised more satisfactorily by the frog. Besides, his nervous system affords an interesting study under ingenius torture by the anatomist, and, the corpuscles in his blood being remarkably large, that fluid serves for the instruction of the seeker after medical know- ledge. ‘ No, it is not customary to administer anæsthetic to frogs while undergoing vivisection. This would render experiments on the nervous system unsatisfactory. Does not the animal suffer very much ? ask you. Perhaps. It is impossible to know how much. A great scientific authority has said that ‘ death is the only measure of pain.' A certain amount of pain in itself will cause a man to die. Chop off a man's leg and he is likely to give up the ghost. Cut off a frog's leg, and, if bleeding is stopped, the creature's general health is not apt to be seriously in- terfered with. Descend lower in the scale and pull off the leg of a crab or starfish ; it will grow another. A turtle is likewise a victim of science, because it will live through all sorts of dissections, and its heart will pump salt and water through its veins as if it were blood. Varnish a frog, without cutting out its lungs, however, and it will die promptly. ‘ The frog's bony system is very simple. It has only nine vertebrae in its backbone— fewer, I believe, than any other animal, and it possesses no ribs at all. Thus it is obliged literally to swallow by gulps the air it breathes, instead of projecting its chest as we do, and creating a vacuum for the atmosphere to pour into. Its hind legs are very peculiar in one respect, the two bones which form the heel in man being greatly elongated, so as to give an extra joint in the middle of the big ‘ splay' foot, besides the pelvis hinges on to the backbone, so as to give a joint in the middle of the back. How much these extra hinges assist in leaping you can see if you will take a strip of stiff paper and fold it several times. Press the folds together and you will find that the paper strip has a spring to it. Three or four folds give a certain amount of spring, five or six folds make the spring much stronger, and every additional fold adds so much springing power. It is the same way with the frog, which, besides having enormously long and muscular hind legs, is assisted in jumping by a hinge its his back and another in his foot, which you and I don't have. If you were built like a frog you would think nothing of leaping across Pennsylvania avenue at one hop. In the scientific phrase the frog is 'modified' for jumping, that being his method of progression. He has no knee pad, the bones of the upper and lower leg being connected by a hinge or cartilage merely. On each hind foot he has a sixth toe, that has become rudimentary. The fore feet have only four toes each, the thumb being absent. Evolutionists say that in the development of species the thumb is the first digit to disappear, next goes the little finger, next the forefinger, and lastly the fourth or ' ring' finger. Thus they assert the horse originally had five toes on each foot, losing four of them, one after another, until now only the middle toe is left, upon the nail of which the animal walks. Similarly the cloven-footed beasts have come down to two toes. ' The frog has a huge skull, with a very small brain cavity, and an enormous mouth for the purpose of swallowing fish, small ducks, or any prey of small size, whole. Dan Beard, the artist, tells a story of a pet frog he had in an aquarium that attempted to get away with a baby alligator newly im- ported from Florida. On coming home he found Mr. Frog, who had taken down the small saurian head first, jumping against the glass sides of the aquarium in vain efforts to drive down the tail of the victim, which was too long to find room inside for its accommodation. The frog, like the toad, has its tongue fastened in front and loose behind, so that it can capture insects by whipping it over and outwardly. Unlike the Toad, however, it has teeth in its upper jaw. The toad is a higher animal than the frog, because it gives birth directly to little air-breathing toads, where as the frog lays eggs that produce fish-like tadpoles, subsequently transformed into the final shape. The tadpole breathes through gills like a fish, has a tail and no legs and is a vegetable feeder. The metamorphosis it undergoes is one or the most marvellous things in nature. If it were not so common it would astonish the world. Think of a vegetable- eating fish with tail and gills turning into an air-breathing land animal, developing teeth and becoming a carnivorous quadruped. Isn't it amazing when you come to consider it ? A wonderful beast is the frog, truly.' 