The Wine That Conqner's Care. Nay, frown not, fairest 1 Chi da no mors, Nor blame the blushing wine ; Its fiery lips are innocent When thrills the pulse with thine. Go, leave the goblet in my hand, But veil thy glances bright, Lest wine end beauty mingling here, Should wreck soul to-night. Then, dearest, to the sccisnt vine, In sculptured beauty rare, Bow down thy red, arched lip and ausfi The wine that conquers eare; - And breathe upon the glowing cup, Till thus its perfumes be Sweet as the scent of the orange grovGS Upon Borne tropic sea. Then while thefiugera idly stray In dalliance o'er the lyre, Sing to me love, some rare old song That gushed from heart of fire— Song such as Grecian phalanx hymned, When freedom's field was won, And Persia's glory, with the light, Faded at Marathon. Sing till the shouts of armed men King bravely out once more 1 Sing till again the ghost-white tents Shine on the moonlit shore ! Bid from their melancholy graves The buried hopes to start, I knew ere many a storm had swept The dewdrops from my heart. Sing the deep memories of the past t My soul shall follow thee— Its boundless depths are echoing Thy glorious minstrelsy; And as the sweet vibrations hang Enfettered on-tbe air" I'll drink, thy white arms round me, love, The wine that conqoeriteare; A Great-Traffic in Fowls-—Speaking of the immense number.;/if'••fowls received weekly at Marseilles, France, a London journal says: The fowls arrived from Italy in railway vans of jtko nrdinaiy size, but specially constructed for this traffic. The sides are of l&fcticcVwcrk;, and internally the van is drndeS^fitodfiiiBe tiers, or shelves. On each tier ibSrOSftre-twelve cages, and each cage is calculstedrto contain thirty birds. In this way thr'predigioua number of three thousand,two> hundred and fifty-fowls is con veyed in a single waggon. The cages are provided with tins ferwrater on one side and fox corn on the other, and-there is a door in each through which anyifowlthat is injured or siokly can he stance removed. The birds are said not to suffer at all to deteriorate cn their journey, though they come from Milan or even from Venice, and in many cases are sent throngh direct as far as the Spanish frontier. We often thank Heaven that we a. e not as the Italians in the matter cf the treatment of animals (and no doubt as a rule we do so wish justice), but if the Irish poultry consigned to the markets of London or Glasgow could see the arrangements that are made for the accomodation of their Italian brethren, they would surely prey to be delivered from the careless kindkesrted ness of the English, and banded over to the calculating mercies of the Italian. BeggarsSupported by Gamblers-—Per haps ihe gamb;era a re tl:o best support of beggars. If you know where a poker game or a faro bank is located—of course you don't; you never saw anything of that kind, and I know i will be quite a surprise to you to learn that they exist, if, indeed, you know what they are—you'll always find beggars and loafers around. Gamblers are superstitious, and they will not upon any consideration pass a beggar by without giving him a smali contribution. It would be bad luck. Perhaps there's a trifle of conaoience about it, and they have, after all, a sense of some power above them to be ap peased by their helping the needy. A gambler will'borrow to give to a beggar. I have known actors imbued with the same sentiment. I onlv. knew one dramatist who owned the superstition. He bad a play com ing out, and the night it was to be produced, just before the curtain went up, a beggar tackled him. He gave him a penny. " There," said he, " that's good luck. My play will be a go." It was a terrific failure. " I wish I'd given him a florin I " be said. The superstition was all right. The amount hadn't been enough to appease the goddeBS Fortune. His Costumes-—Richard Wagner gener ally reoeived his visitors in mediaeval costumes suoh as he always wore when composing. Alexandre Dumas, calling on him one day, was highly amused at the masquerade. " Ton are all dressed up to play ' Gassier,' eh ?" said Dumas, with his good-natured laugh, which rather hurt, the feelings of the author of" Tannliauser," who nevertheless returned M. Dumas' visit when next he went to Paris. After same delay M. Dumas appeared at last, arrayed in a magnificent dressing-gown with large flower pattern, a helmet with flying plumes, a life-belt ronnd his waist, and enormous riding boots. " Pardon me," said he majestically, " for appearing in my working costume. I ean do nothing without being dressed in this manner. Half of my ideas live in this helmet, and the other half are lodged in my boots, which axe indispensable to me when I write my love soenes." ' Moral Courage —There is a brave man in Kentucky. Tne State is noted for the bravery of her sons and the beauty of her daughters; but the man we speak of has a kind of courage which is rare everywhere and at all times. His name is John S. Rhea. On the stamp recently, Mr. Bhea descanted with freedom upon another speaker, who replied by a challenge to mortal combat. Rhea de clined to fight for four reasons: 1. He did not believe in duelling. 2. It was against the law. 3. There was some on6 dependent upon him to whom be owed protection. 4. His acoeptanc8 of a challenge would exclude him from the practice of his profession in Ken tucky. Them are arguments which his op ponents will find it difficult to answer. At the same time, speakers who do not believe in duelling are practically bound to treat their opponents with the most scrupulous personal respect. A feeble but faoetious applicant for em ployment in Brisbane called upon the alder man from his ward, the other day, and press ing his claims to consideration upon the ground of service rendered upon election, urged the alderman to secure him a place. " Why, my dear fellow, you are too sick to work. I would gladly do anything I could for you, but it is out of the question ; there is no one of the departments that would fit your case." "Isn't there? What's the matter with the Health Department ? " Female students are numerous in Paris (most of their- IV-Hsians), and generally poor, so they club together and put their resources into a common fund. One room is used as a dormitory, another as a study, etc., aud a Binalg Aftnlr rlnoa fni» oil 