BONNIE KATE. {A SERIAL STORY.) CHAPTER XVII. JJI MM*. K. S. DJJ Coi'RCR LAFPAN, Am hor of "Louis Drayeott." "tieoffrcy Stirling," " Cosmo Gordon, "&c.;, &c.; Xate's vval] u{ defence lay in ruins. She had ptft-tied it, .replaced a brick here and there, elc^ni J id 1 «yes to gaps that showed her a divided prospect; but at last it fell. Misconstrue a person often enough, and they begin to . misconstrue themselves. tihc looked back upon .the past, and -even there found wrongful B«itnt«. She bad been self-centred, grasping happiness without sufficient reflection. The jgiau,nnr of a sudden passionate love had been iillowt-d to blind the eyes of her mind. She fchcnld have bad " more cunning tobestrange, 7 ' waifcfd lunger, learned more of the life and character of the man ehe loved before cbe let him bind himself to her irrevocably. Then, perhaps", she might have found out that her ways and ideas needed mercilessly pruning before she could be tit to make John o ranger happy as bis wife. . Once fairly caught and entangled in the n eshes of morbul and concentrated introspection, what eoul ie safe ? Ail the diseased religion, all Jibe unhealthy .fanaticism that has ever cursed the world, . writes from this poisoned root. All the tyranny and cruelty of priestcraft is built upon the same foundation, works by the same . method; turning in the eyes of a soul upon itscif. until all clearness of vision, all sense of proportion, are lost. Perhaps under ordinary fciiv.umstanees Kate -would have better jncverved the balance of her mind ; but, just now, ber health was variable, her nervous ' system easily played upon; to her fevered j imagination molehills became mountains; ' mere ripples on the surface gathered all the force and storm of tidal waves. j She did not doubt. John's love for her; she ! could not doubt that. Love lights up electric KymjKithies that cannot play one false. U« loved her, she 'was his darling, his Bonnie ; Kate, yet a jewel that had cost turn dear; for . Jbie ways were not her ways; when she tried to please hjin best, she crossed him most. He i would not-even tell her in what way she tried him. He was too tender, too chivalrous for . that. He had not the strength to be candid .with.hafc_ What was it Aunt Libbie had said ? "He -was never one to say much, wasn't •Khn. Ho was one to keep a still tongue all , through, was John." _ j Aunt Libbie had said something else—some- ) . tiling that had cut and stung, eomething that had touched and pierced a very tender place in Kate's heart. If there was one stronghold in the family at the farm of which Kate had believed herself to be in full possession, it was the heart of the gentle, suffering mother. If no one else understood her that dear soul was •ne with hers. And yet—and yet—and yet! Oh, the .misery .of fancying some one—friend, -sieter, husband, lover, be it whom it may— stands with us hand to hand and soul to soul, and then, in a moment, learning that the -loyalty we cherished is not tbe flawless thing we thought. IB there any. pain like unto it, my friends ? We have deemed this precious diamond of •ors—this friendship, this love with which no earthly gem could vie—a jewel of the clearest, purest water, and, lo! there, in its very heart .m£ hearts, is. ai-apeck, a flaw, a blemish. We have given so much, we would fain have hoped for all in return, but something has been withheld. W,heie we have looked for perfect •eandour, behold reserve; where we have imagined harmony, perfect and complete, behold a jarring note. " If she bad only told., me; if she had only spoken straight out of her heart." . Thus reasoned rebellious Kate, thinking of Jehn'f! mother, but _everi as she pondered it •seemed as though the clear, spiritualized eyes met bete full of tender reproaches, as if tbe gentle voice whispered in her ear— " I t was because be loved you eo dear— loved you so dear—loved you eo dear." a How strange that John's mother could speak like that and yet fed the marriage had better have Been, and yet said that " like were best to link with like." Ah well 1 perhaps the marriage being a thing inevitable, and' that could never be undone, the -iiBdlyeOTUtii»oghttotryand make the best ft-, matters, .and smooth everything ever Sot j \- Jeha's cake. How could honeet-beartediKate imagine that MimLibbie, thrapingto&overMSbousehold-matters; thatetwohoee to fancy Kate was put out over, "said,-with peevish%>ite," Like ,. should wed with lik& and happen tflen there'd he none o' this," while Susie—poor innocent ftnaie—thinking of the wrong that . John had 4one to Eatc^eighed, and answered,, with her lace turned from, the light, " May be, may be If any regret lurked benea.h tint aad "may be" it was for Kate, n o t J o t .John. Bat bow could John's wife know this, since there was none »eai to tell her? It would be dealing out hard measure to Miss Libbie to eay she ddiberately falsified and nade capital oat of what had passed. Them is every reason to believe die bad fully per .auaded herself that Susie's mind was of tbe aame tune aft her own as regarded John's marriage. She had not thought so at the time; on the contrary* ehe had known the reverse; but she was now too full of prejudice and jealousy to see anything in a tone .light. A s has been said before, the brute instinct of hunting down prey was upon .her. If the look on Kate's •faee as that jxtisoned arrow was flung gava fcer a moment's pang of remorse she stifled it —^V, though not without a 6harp, if short, Je, 3br, would It be belieyed, Mis IAfi^^en alone in her comfortabk r ^ ! -lad one swift i impulse of compunction, nnrine ? her to flight from the scene of ah unequal Battle. . She eve^. went, eo far as to open a ; dmnerjuid; pull-the little mangy hair-trunk >m~ its retirement under the pink-lined petticoat of the dressing-table. • little while the good and evil angels—in •ther words, the good and evil impulses— fonght in tbe narrow heart. Then Mim Tibbie sat down with a flump (no other word expresses it), and the bad spirit got the upper hand and held it " I won't—I won't—I won't be driven out o •f mj own nephew John's house!" said Miss Xdbbie. From which it may be seen that salvation was very far from that good lady, and that y neither right nor reason could appeal to her— s at all events Joud enough to be heard. A more absolutely perverted mmd it would be difficult r to imagine than Miss Iaibbie's at this juncture. A Kate knew nothing of that strangled im- Vulse—nothing of that ghost of a chance of deliverance from the tyranny that pressed upon her. She only knew that the strain never slackened—that the very fountains of her life misery i self-consciousness of perpetual self-watdifulness were i hers. She ei who had hitherto never _ dwelt , mpon herself at all. now found the whole world fall of nothing else. All the dignity and daring •f aoanhood or womanhood is soon sapped oak •f a creature thus environed. It is said that fcr a man to live in a room with mirrors on all sides reflecting the solitary inmate at all possible angles is for him to became mad. In the same way, a soul for ever Ctaeentrated on iteelf loses the balance of thought, and sees all things distorted from their true proportions. Even the thought of fcer husband's love became a source of troubled and disordered imagination to Kate at this wretched time. Because he so loved her he treated her like rtight be thwarted, no fad or fi lei In a day to c o m e she a wpon these self-torturings as one in health looks kick upon the wandering of delirium. But at the time they wene very real to ber. And Armt Libbie was ad ways by to turn her ghts in upon herself. ton know I tdd yo' John wasna' one to say much.- If ye o* 4 think : «n all the time yw've known him,~yoH see Tm in the right •n't.-' It was wonderful, too, how the reins of household government began to slacken in her ingers. There was grumbling in the kitohen at first, and Miss Libbie'e presence there was looked upon as a combined injury and insult. But the old Yorkshirewoman was a capable hand, and '*£ot round" every one, bringing about changes, in the su&ia;^e that gladdened her own heart, and doubtless. lessened tbe weekly expenditure by no mean figure. "John says you're to be spared every way,*' s&id; Miss Libbie. And John himself, in the innooence of his heart, told Kate how glad he was to see that Miss Xdbbie made herself useful, in which idea Sate, with a growing conviction of her owa insufficiencies, quietly acquiesced. Once John, looking observantly round the drawing-room, noticed a difference somewhere. " All!" he said at last, turning to Kate with that sweet, tender smile of his that had first won her untutored heart; "I know what it is —yon havnt got so many pretty flowers about an you used to have. Kate, I like to see you with flowers about you; you seem made for tbcm, and they for you." Miss Libbie kept a masterly silence. Her knitting, now resolving itself ir.to a bedquiltof abnormal dimensions, absorbed ber so completely that she was apparently as deaf as a joofit. She had perfect faith in Kate's discre tifsn—no fear of her part in the scarcity o blossoms in the pretty drawing-room being blurted out and setting John in a rage. i T o be continued. ! ! . „ _ c o , , ,. • F A'!T,BEAUTIFUL SKIX.-Snlphobne Soap rive* the natural tint and peacTi-lifee Bloom ut : a perft^et complexion, makes the Skin •crnoitlj, wpple, healthy, cpmfortabje. fid. Tablets. . everywhere, z93thBc 