| CHAPTER XXXrX.—Mr. Hackmt’s Christ* j I has Day. ! It was botwoen fivo and six o’clock whon Mr. | Saltriug aud Mr. IUtnpIcr arrivod at Ilackbit’s | Itouso; it was dark. Tkoro waa no light in any j of tho downatuir rooms facing tlio streot; but 1 ouo of tho two uppor rooms had a tight, which shono through dark red curtains, i # Ou ontoring thoy woro mot by Wilson, who iguorod Mr. Itimplor altogether, aud looked at, nddressod, and auswerod Mr, Saltring only. Tho doctor hud seon Mr. Hackbit, and had ordored such largo doses of laudanum, and so ofton, that Mrs. Hackbit durod not givo thorn. Sho was upstairs with Mr. Hackbit, which Wilson did not think proper or safe, ns Mr. Hackbit was mad, in hor opinion, and wanted a strait-jackot. Mr. Saltriug wont upstairs, and Mr. Rimplcr roiuained where ho was, for the time, and after* wards went to his own bedroom and sat thoro. As Mr. Saltriug opened the door of tho bed room, Ho saw Ho/.iah, tcrriQod and weeping, and Mr. Hackbit in a very menacing attitude. Ho soemod to rccogniso Mr. Saltring as ho outerod, uud addressed him at onco. “ I*m glad you’ve come,” ho said, with heavy and ill-aimed movements, trying to wipe tho perspiration from his brow and taco, which was deoply red. “ You will seo mo righted. Thoy’re in a plot agaiut me. She’s in it,’ pointing with a trembliug hand towardsKeziah. “Tho dovil’s in it too. And T saw Aim last night lookiug at tho window. Thoy’ro all in tho plot.” “We»ll seo it all put right,” Mr. Saltring replied, soothingly. Thou turning to Keziah, ho said, “ Wilsou says you’vo not given tho tnodlcino tho doctor ordored.” '■ : • “It’s laudanum,” whispered Ker.inh, with dilated oyes,” “ and so much and so often, I’m hfroid.” 1 “You must not be afraid,” said Mr. Salt* ring. “ Let mo givo it.” : Hackbit beguu to walk about tho room un evenly and rapidly. Mr. Saltring steadily i dropped the laudanum into a glass. “Como, Hackbit,” he said, “ drink this.” ' 1 Hackbit mado a step forward' and attempted to grasp tho glass, but missed ms aim, anu his , band olosodou air. He was standing close to Mr, Saltring now. IIU oyos woro in jcctod ter ribly, ami looked as if ho could not'lmvo slopt for inauy nights. Mr. Saltriug raised tho glass to his lips. Hnckbit attempted to hold it, too, but trembled bo violently that his tooth 'chat* tored against tho glass. IIo awallowod tho doao. howovor. “ X shall bo ruined,” said ho, ns Boon"us*ho had awallowod it. • “ Thoy’ro all in the plot. Saltring;, Thovo’s that ltimpler, lie forrots everything out. IIo got to know all about undo ltimmon and tho business in Bruin.** .Horo ho broke off, and bogan to strike tho air violently. “ Tako that,” ho Bnid, “ and that.** Tho perspiration was pouring oIT him now. Mr. Saltring piuiouod him, fearing wbat Ho would do naxt, “ Look hero,** ho said, “ Saltriug. I'm not going to bo cut with them knives. I know what you’re holding mo for.” “ You’ro not going to bo cut with any knives,” replied Mr, Saltring, “ Well,’* roturned Mr. Ilackbit, confiden tially, “I’vo killed that fellow throo times to day, audthoro ho is again,” aud ho Bhook him self freo of Mr, Saltriug, and plunged towards tho mirror, in which was his own rofioction, and sent it smashing into the window, Mr. Salfc riug soiled him. but ha was not sufficient. Ilackbit struggled uud ravod. Keztah How from tho room, and callod Mr. Itiinplor. Wilson was on tho staircaso. “ Fetch tho doctor,” Keziah said to her; tho master’s worse,” Sho did not go hack into tho room, Onco froo, sho dared not roturn. Sho just wont downstairs aud sat iu tho dark diniugroom, in a kind of apathy. Sho was^ stortlod from hor roverio by tho doctor’s voice. IIo was asking whero sho was. Sho wont to him. “ Have you given tho laudanum, Mrs. Ilackbit, 20 drops ovory two hours, since I was horo ?” ho askodhor. Oh, doctor, I didn’t dare,” said iioor Keziah. Tho doctor was an abrupt, and not a ladies' man ; so lio bocaiuo angry. “Bo you want him to dio,” ho asked, with an aspect of foroeity, “ that you don’t obey my orders V Ho would havo been asloop now, if you had dono what I told you.” And with this the doctor walked upstairs, Keziah £ blow ing. Mr. Hackbit bad in tho mcantimo been fas tened to his bod, and had bocoino more violent, though his clforts woro ineffectual. “ Just ono drink of brandy, ltimpler, como,” Hnckbit was bawling in his oar, “ It would mako n man of mo again. Look horo,” ho called out to tho doctor, “ theso madmen mako mo stay out in this gravoyard without a drink of brarnly to steady my norvos. They can’t see thoso ghosts, hut I can. Oh, how thoir bones rattlo ! Just ono littlo drink of brandy, and I’ll stand it.” And ho babbled on fovorishly. “Look horo, my good pcoplo, it’s not my fault,” ho called out, “lam only tho represen tative. You didn’t borrow the money of mo. Look in my pockets. I’m as poor os you. Don’t bother mo about whoro you’ro going to sloop to-niglit. See, I am iu a cold gravoyard. I’vo nothing hotter.*' Mr. Saltring looked at tho doctor, who was dropping some more laudanum into tho glass. “ llo’s in a bad way,” ho said. “ Ho must got sleep,” said tho doctor, “at all cost. That fool of a woman didn’t give tho dOBCS.” Mr. Saltring felt inclined to rosent this lan guage. But looking in the doctor’s faco, ho concluded that Ins bark was worse than his Hackbit willingly drank out of tho gloss, hut did not appear satisfied. His hands were loosed, and ho moved them incessautly in a uoi-vous way agaiust ono another, or upon tho tho quilt. “ Aro you staying horo to-night:” the doctor aakod of Mr. Saltring. “ Ye9,” ho replied. “Then givo trim tho 20 drops again, ovory two hours until ho sloops. Mrs. Hackbit ought to go to bod. Sho looks miserably ill. Givo her two glassosof port wine.” “ Thank you, doctor,” said Hackbit. “That’s something liko. I shall bo anothor man now.” Overhearing tho words* ho supposed tho wino was ordorou for himself. Kozinh had slippod from tho room, but sho was stauding outside. “ I havo ordered you to drink two glasses of port,” said tho brusque doctor. “No, no,” said Keziah. waving him away with hor hand. “Not that, not that terrible stuff, aftor—after what wo’vo scon. Order mo laudanum, like him upstairs ; a good doso, and ond it all.” And she burst iutoapaBaion of wooping. The doctor patted hor head, as ho might have dono a child’s with his rough, heavy hand, which could ho gentle, it nppoared. “ You want rest.” And ho took her with him down stairs and administered tho port wino thoro and then, and wont away, muttering that women wero most extraordinary creatures, “Only thiuk of that beast upstairs being cried about, aud wanted to livo. It scorns tho worse a man is tho nioro they stick to him.” Ab soon as ho was gono, Keziah saw that a good tablo was Bpread for Mr. Saltring’s uso and comfort. . Somo hours later, when all was hushed iu tho sick room mid Keziah was lying on tho couch in tho dining-room alone, sho saw n figure standing outsido, looking up to her window. Sho sprung up liko a child who sees its mother aftor a long abscnco. Sho could not lot him go away again without having ono word of com fort from him. She did not hesitate a mommit. Sho might havo wavered if sho had. Sho llow to Elwortby’s side. “ Oh, Ituport,” sho said in a convulsive wliispor. «* He’s maddened with the drink,” Elworthy held hor near him, and muttorod something sho did not catch. “You havo got some doctor, Kizzy;” ho said. “ Did he tell you to givo laudanum ? Ho must have it to got to sleep, or ho will dio.” “Oh,yeB, Ituport,” said Keziah, iu a low voice, with some fear in it. “My poor darling,” said Elworthy. What else could bo say ? “ You must not remain here another moment; you aro trembling.” And ho addod with aoma vehemence, “If you woro ill, who should keep mo away? Who is with him now? You’ve got a nurse, Kizzy ?” And ho thought with horror of the possibility of hia darling having to listen to tho ravings of that brute who called her wife. “Mr. Saltring came, aud is with him to night,” sho answered. “God bless and reward him for it,” said Elworthy solemnly. “And now, good night.” And hu saidlingoringly, “I shall como again to-morrow, ami uutil this trouble is over. You may speak to mo or not, as you need,” Ho longed to kiss hor, but did not do so. And Keziah found herself lamenting the fact, when sho was once moro iu tho darkened dining But all this timo Mr. Silas ltimpler had been keeping a vigil, liko the owl in a belfrv, \vido3t awake whou others aro slcoping; and had been , in no small degreo amused and gratifiod by tho I scouo that was enacted uudor his window. 