GENERAL BOOTH. Methodist Weleome. I On Monday morning a deputation from the Wesley an Methodist church waited upon General Booth at Mr. C. H. Goode's House, Tynte-street, North Adelaide. The' following ministers were presentThe Revs: J. Nichol son (president of the Conference), H, T. Bur gess (ex-president), J. Bickford, D. S. Wyllie, T. Raston, R. S. Casely, J. Haslam, C. H. Gold smith, J. Allen, P. C. Thomas, W. B. Mather, S. F. Prior, and W. H. Rofe. . Sir Jno. Bray was also present, and Commissioner Coombs and Colonel Nicol were in attendance. The Rev. J. NICHOLSON had very great pleasure in extending a welcome to General Booth-one who was a near relative of Metho dists. (Hear, hear.) They remembered with interest that at the impressionable period of his life he had had a close connection with Methodism. Some of the strongest pointsinthe Army reflected thespiritof that organisation. It was a cause for rejoicing that they had many things in common, such as the prominence given to the necessity for the experience of the conviction of sin, the penitent form, salva tion, holiness, prayer, and the influence of the Holy Ghost. The people could be prophets and were free to labor, yet there was a godly discipline. They must thank the Almighty for having providentially led them into hia labors and provoked ihis zeal. (Hear, hear.) They sympathised most cordially with the efforts of the Salvation Army to solve the social pro blem. (Hear, hear.) Society needed regeneration and faith in the religion of Christ was its true saviour, ne would be glad to feel that the : Army was more than ever united in close friendship with the churches." He would quote some statistics showing that . Methodism took ?kindly to the soil of South Australia. . The Methodist New Connexion ' Church had united with the Bible Christians, so that at the present time there were only three Methodist denominations in the province. The Wesley an Methodists had 78 ministers, 7,708 members, 411 local preachers, 21,431 Sunday soholars, 51,029 adherents, 278 churches, and 114 other preaching places. The Bible Christians had 43 ministers, 2,889 mem bers, 221 local preachers, 6,339 Sunday scholars, . 13,000 adherents, 137 churches, and 14 other preaching places. . The Primitive Methodists - had 30 ministers, 2,887 mem bers, 189 local preachers, 6,009 Sunday scholars, 12,690 adherents, 113 churches, and 12 other preaching places. This made a total of 151 ministers, 13,484 mem-, bers, 821 local preaohers, 33,839 Sun day scholars, 76,719 adherents, 528 churches, and 140 other preaching places. This was a democratic community _ and democracy had its advantages, but yet it had its perils and its responsibilities. The- greed of gain threatened to undermine the founda- . tions. We had an almost cosmopolitan popu lation and the Continental Sunday threatened to take. root. At the last general election, however, a united committee of the Metho dists dburchfes sought proper consideration for J moral questions, sucn as the liquor trade, gambling, divorce, and secularism in educa tions They did not get some of their friends returned, but yet a considerable proportion of those elected weresupportersofmorallegislation. Since then the Congregationalists, Baptists, and Presbyterians hadi taken action, and it would be well if .all the churches could unite in a ^vigilance committee for the unsectarian ser : vice of promoting national religion. (Hear, - hear.) They loved their visitor for his work's sake, and if he were with them longer they wjould learn to love him for his own. (Cheers.) \- 'The Revs. H. T. Burgess, R. S. Casely, J. Haslam, and J. Bickford also spoke in terms of high eulogy of the work of the General. ; General BOOTH warmly thanked them for their kind expressions of esteem and sympathy. He was, as had been stated^ a rela tive of Methodists,, to whom he owed much and towards whom he must ever feel kindly. He had a great admiration for John Wesley, thoujgh no doubt there were many men and women in England in his time quite as devoted as he, but he happened ?. to gain - prominence, ' The same remark applied to himself. He must say that he regretted that Methodism had become somewhat too much bound by rules. Wesley -was essentially a general, and [he could not but think that if B&neone; could have been found to leap into the saddle wbeit Wesley dismounted Metho dism would be a greater power now. He trusted that the Methodists would unite, for really disunion, among . those BO closely related seemed to him to be ludicrous. There was one matter to which he would refer, and in which he did not think that he had been treated properly by the Methodists of Great Britain. When a man for good reasons was dropped , by the Army he considered it to be scarcely fair that;another body should take, him and put him in a prommenoSposition without first consulting the Army. (Hear hear.) As to political matters, he had always refused to grant his permission to officers of the Army to- take part in such affairs. His people could only go where they could pray,- and till the time came-and it wa ? probably, distant-when Christ's people united to send representatives to Parliament to insist on the observance of Christ's law3 the A. my cduld not meddle in politics. A Chri'Jiip.a life on all days in the week was an essential which was not fully recognised. Sport was altogether too popular nowadays, and a friend in another colony had told him that it seemed to be valued in the schools almost more than education. Edu cation had previously too much taken the place of love for Christ, and sport, with which would come gambling, had- gained too high a position. Christians should band themselves together, so-as to. raise the-tone of public opinion. They should have their own news papers and otherwise work to attain that end. He was very grateful to them for their kind welcome. (Cheers.) ? 