bFi CHECK M | T ID ; A.I5eey-]L!uil\pIot. I By CAPTAIN W. D- L’SSTRife&E.; ... i M. The world has gone wrong with raa ately. I so to Bpoak. I, Gerald Mortimer, a ^tiling man about town, a member of two W«it end clubs, and of expensive if not cxtrayigniit tastes, had quarrelled with my uncle-tbe only living relative I had, excepting ahaif eousin—from whom hitherto I liad recived a handsome quarterly allowance, and, 6 the phrase goes, had “ great expectations." [ But this was not the worst cf it. jlwas desperately in love with a very pretty;irl, and though no actual engagement exited I between us, I bad fondly believed tint 1 was acceptable not only to the youngfidy in question, but to her parents. Now, p>w ever, to add to my chagrin at finding myclf comparatively without means, I fanipl, rightly or wrongly, that 1 was receivng the “cold shoulder" from the father aid mother of my adorable Mabel. ;; To live and clothe myself decently, ptj| the somewhat heavy subscription to my tyo clubs, and keep up. the aforementioned railin' expensive tastes, I had just two hundrid pounds a year—the rental of a small lanqjd property bequeathed to me by my lae father. My debts, to be sure, were neither overwhelming nor particularly pressing, li. couple of bundled or so-would pay theiqv ; but then, again, that couple of hundred was j twelve months’ income. | ! This uncle of mine, my dead father^ elder brother, from whom my chief source of income had been derived, was a county squire, with a big rent-roll, jovial and bos-; pi table'as a rule, but' eccentric to a degree! The mischief between us bad come about asj unexpected as it was sudden. I had been ac cused of that of which I was as innocent a? a babe, and in hotly repudiating the charge had given dire offence. However, although parting in anger, it was not until my mone tary allowance was stopped that I realised the bitterness of the quarrel. John Mortimer, my balf-consin, was a young fellow about a year or two my junior; but somehow, although so near of an age, as well as being relatives, and frequently meet ing, we bad never taken kindly to each other. And now I shrewdly suspected that whatever of mischief had stepped between my uncle and me had been wrought by Master Jack Mortimer, and that it should not be my fault if be were not brought to However, after what 1 have written, and much more, having been the subjects of my thoughts for some days, I determined to make a last effort to set matters right with my uncle. I bad been accused of gambling —of having lost upwards of five hundred pounds at cards at ouc sitting—which was utterly false; for whatever my failings., ttie curse of gambling could, not be reckoned amongst them. One spring morning, after a night jpurnev of a couple of hundred miles from town, found me at the nearest railway station to my uncle’s manor. with no luggage beyond a small travelling bag and a rug. The little market town where I alighted was but five miles from the Hall, and breakfast-, ing at the one decent hotel in the place, I elected to walk the distance, leavingmv en cumbrances in charge of the landlady, to whom X was well known. On the way-, and especially when I arrived at the park, the unpleasant feeling was strong upon me that my uncle might decline to grant me the interview which I now sought. Like tbs generality of hot-tem pered people, his passion was soon over; and yet, when disposed, he could be as obstinate as most men, as his brother magistrates had proved on many occasions. But to my agreeable surprise -1 was told, after my ar rival had been announced by one cf the old servants—a strange experience to me then to have to send in my name—that “the squire” would come to me in the library at Whatever feeling of hope mighthave been in my heait.is to a reconciliation between u3 suddenly left it as my uncle entered. His handsome and usually kindly old face was dark with displeasure, and there was a cold, contemptuous glance in his .blue eyes ns they met mine which I had never seen be Have ydu no sense of shame left,.Gerald Mortimer," lie said in a hard voice, after tie' had closed the door behind him, “ that you have the effrontery to come to this house?— you, who have disgraced the name you hear —disgraced the memory of your gallant father, who died for his coimtiy—and have committed a vulgar" crime against. society and me?” ~. •• i mil to understand yon, sir,” I rejoined, utterly astounded at his words. “If you are alluding to the accusation you made against mo as to gambling, I .repudiate it now ns I did before. In fact,.! airi-here to day to try-” “Pshaw !” he interrupted. “ Honest men have gambled ; and in time I might have forgiven it, if you had stopped at that, and shown your regret for what .had passed. But you—you, a Mortimer—to stoop to for gery.” “ It is false," I cried—11 false as the other charge 1 And whoever has poisoned your mind against me, lies in his teeth I” “Gerald Mortimer, do not add falsehood to your other misdeeds,” continued the squire; “for, unnappily, I hold the proof that you, my own nephew, have forged my name.” And as he spoke, my uncle took from the breast pocket of his Bhooting jacket a letter, from which, when unfolded, he produced a smallerpieceof paper. “Examine that, sir,” he added, “and let me hear if you have the effrontery to like wise deny your own signature ?” I could" scarcely credit my own eyesight when I looked at what was written within. It was a dishonored acceptance for six hundred pounds, drawn a little over three months before upon Kichard Mortimer, Es quire, and signed Gerald' Mortimer, and ap parently duly accepted by my uncle. “Well, sir," asked he, impatiently, “ what have yon to say' “That I have ueverseen this document before to-dav," I answered. ' “What I” ho thundered. “ Do you dare to deny to me your own signature, which I know as well as I do my own ?” “Ido deny it!” I added, passionately. " The signature is so good an imitation of mine that under ordinary circumstances it might deceive even myself; but I swear to you, sir, that I never drew or accepted a bill in my life." I think that my uncle believed me, for the whole expression of his face changed; but still, as he took the hill from me, he glanced at it again and again with a puzzled look, for. as will presently appear, there was some confirmatory evidence in his mind, in addition to the handwriting. Seeing that lie hesitated, and was not just then disposed to speak,I added: “ Will you please to tell me, sir, all that has transpired, so far as you are aware, in connection with that forged acceptance?” “ Yes,” he replied, “ that is only fair. As I understand, it was presented in due course to the London agents of my bankers, who, having received no instructions, declined to pay it. On being communicated with, I repudiated all knowledge of such a draft, until, to my horror, I learned that it bore your signature, when, to save the honor of our family, I gave instructions that it should be taken up. At the same time I desired that inquiries should be instituted ; and the person in whose hands it was—a West-end money- lender—asserted that ha discounted the bill for you, and further, that you were known to him personally. Here is his name at the back of the bill,and what purports to be your endorsement to him.” “ It is as false as the rest, sir," I said, a few moments later, when I had taken a second glance at the forged bill. “ I know the man by name, but I know nothing good of him. I have had no transactions with him—in fact; never spoke, to him in my life/’ •• You declare this upon your honor* G'drald Mortimer ?’"asked my uncle; after a jfabfl'e': “Ido, sir,” I added; “and I am going back lo.Lnndcn ..at once toiace tisisrascally moneylender;” ‘‘You will stay here until to-morrow,” said my uncle, looking at his watch.- “ I want time to think, and to talk the matter over quietly.” “ It you please, no, Bir," 1 rejoined, deter minedly. “The answering of an in famous charge like this admits of no dc "But you liavo- been travelling all night, I expect,” added the squire, “and require some rest, surely 2” The words were kindly meant and ex pressed, but I was resolved to depart, and after a hasty luncheon I was driven in a dogcart to the railway station, being just in time to call for my bag and rug, and catch an up fast train. The following morning, shortly before eleven o’clock, found me at tho office of the money-lender wbc had held the forged ac ceptance, and who bad asserted that he bad received it from me. Much to my chagrin, however, 1 was told that he was not in, and would not be at business until the morrow. There was but one solitary clerk in the office, a sharp-eyed old man, who glanced at me curiously, and, as it occurred to me, as though I was not un known to him ; and, moreover, on declining to give my name, 1 fancied the ghost of a smile played about his thin lips. After leaving the money-lender’s office I stroited along Piccadilly to the park. Being just then in the height of the season, and a brilliant morning, the Row was pretty full of equestrians, many of whom were known )to me. I had been leaning over the railings ’for some time, but happened to turn round tat the moment a carriage was passing along the drive going westward. In it were seated my adorable Mabel and her father, and as I raised my hat, the fair object of my affec tions gave me a little bow and a half frightened smile; but, to my disgust and anger, the gentleman vouchsafed not the slightest acknowledgement to my saluta Considering Hint, it net actually an ac cepted suitor of his daughter, my preten tions had not been ignored, and that for two seasons i had been a welcome visitor to his house, this slight was, to say the least of it, oJensive. However, I was only being taught the difference between an heir presumptive .tomuch wealth and a young man with two hundred pounds a year. ■ The following day I was to have another od\ experience of life, but of a far different kir.d. I was to meet with a case of the mOBt unparalleled impudence and audacity that surdy man ever encountered. About the san e hour as on the previous morning I once tnoie called at the office of the money lender, bill discounter, or whatever he niigit style himself, and, as though I were cxpicted, was immediately ushered into his privite room, unannounced as to name. He was ybung, well-dressed, and not bad look ing, ' and received me with a very cool “ When I tell you that I am Mr, Gerald Mortimer,” I said, “you will guess the ob ject o^ray visit.” “ There is no occasion to give me your name,” was the cool rejoinder, “for I have too much cause to remember it and you. It beats he, Mr. Gerald Mortimer, bow you have -he assurance to show your face here again after foisting upon me a forged bill." S “ Yoi infamous scoundrel,” I exclaimed, almost beside myself with rage, “you know this is the first time that ever you spoke to me iu your life, and you have the audacity to sit there and avow that I have had transactions with you 1” Go on, my friend,” retorted the fellow, with an insolent laugh. “ No,”I added, “ I have nothing more to say to vou. The police are the proper parties tp deal with such rascals as you. Mark me, man, you: and your accomplices in this cinspiracy shall feel the penalties of ■the law. i You have forged, or connived at the forgery! of both my uncle’s signature and mine;and you shall suffer for it.” The scoundrel ,laughed defiantly as I walked out of his room—a scoffing, mocking laugh that ! could hear until I got into the Once clear of his infamous den, my first idea was to go to Scotland Yard and place the matter in the hands of the police authorities; and I actually went some dis tance toward! Charing Cross with that in tention in my mind. A little thought, how ever, induced raejto decide.upon taking the advice of an old friend of mine before doing any tiling further; He was a man my senior by only a year it two—for we had been school fellows—bit one upon whose good offices and knowledge of the world I could thoroughly.-rely. // Oh reaching hiV chambers in the Albany he received me kidlly. Then, when he had listened to my str y, he said : lf A rascally bus ness, Gerald, my boy,and I question if jour irst idea of going direct to Scotland Yard rould not have been the best thing you could have done. However, there will be no;long lost by waiting until to-morrow. UiOe with me to-night, go with me to the opera, and then you shall have my decision before w,e part.” “Agreed!" I answered; and having gone home to dress I joined my friend later Over dinner he told me that lie had already come to the conclusion that I must see the police, and it was arranged that he should accompany me to Scotland Yard bn the following morning. It was rather late when we got to Coveut Garden Theatre; but we were in time for the last two acts of the opera, and stayed, out the ballet. On get ting down into the lobby there was a bit of a crush, for there had been a very full house, and we had to wait for a minute At length, as we were making our way out, somebody pushed against me—rudely, as i t seemed —and I turned to see who was the ngressor. To my astonishment I dis covered that the man standing nearest to me, and who must have been the person who jostled me, was the rascally money lender with whom I had had the interview that morning. He was evidently only wait ing to see the people depart, for he was not in evening drees, and as our eyes met there wos an insolent, aggravating sneer on his Possibly the push which the fellow gave me might have been accidental; but the sneer and the insolent look were not, and without a thought., of where I was—that ladies were almost touching me on the other side—1 struck him. Straight from the shoulder as ever it went in my life, my right fist caught him full in the mouth, and he went down with a crash. It was all over in a few seconds. Some people came be tween us, my friend seized me by the arm, and presently we were in a handsome cab, being driven westward. “ Gerald, my boy, what were you thinking about?” said my companion when he had got me into the cab. “In the names of peace and order, my dear fellow, what had the man done to you that yon Bbould knock him down like that?” “ Done to me !” I answered, hotly. “ It was the fellow we were speaking of to- day— the rascally money-lender who forged, or at all events held that bill." “ Oh, oh 1” ejaculated my friend, laughing softly; “I understand it all now. Never theless, yon would have been a wiser man if you had kept your hands off him.” “ I could not help it, VI rejoined. “He pushed against me as we were coming out, and if you had seen the sneer that was on his face, I fancy you would have done as I did if vou had been in my place.” “ Perhaps,” was the admission, “ but any how we must he before him in the morning, or we may have him invoking the aid of a magistrate instead of ourselves.” The cab was pulled up:just then to tell the driver to take us to one of the two clubs of which I wa3 a member, little thinking at the moment of the terrible1 sight of which mr friend and I were shortly to be witnesses by going there. In the smoke room, on our 'arrival,'we found several men, well known to both of us, and amongst them a Guards man in uniform who had .been on duty, and looked in on his way to his chambers. We had not been many minutes in the club when one of the waiters irushefl into the sm'oke ro'dm—sortie and affrighted look on bis face—with the startling, announce, mc'nt that one of the members was lying, | either dead or dying, on a couch m the card Springing to our feet we hurried in a body to tbs adjoining apartment, and never sball I forget the scene which a moment or two later mot my eyes. Lying on one of the couches, his limbs and features fixed in the laBt terrible con vulsions of death, was my own cousin, Dick Mortimer, and almost as we arrived there all was over. Apoplexy some ot the men said it was, but poisoned by his own act it proved to be when the doctors had examined the body and the inquest had been held. - The cause of death, however, I guessed at. that night, or, more correctly speaking, in the eariy hours of the morning, when I re turned to my rooms. Lying on the table 1 found a letter from ray unhappy cousin, which had arrived during my absence. In it lib confessed, out of a spirit of pique and revenge, to having forged my name to the bill 8nd our unole's acceptance of it. His accomplice, the money-lender, he further stated, was to have the proceeds for con niving at this criminal transaction, and, in fact, had been the one to suggeBt the scheme for ruining me. I telegraphed at once to the squire, and be arrived in town with the least possible delay. In the interval tlie polico bad been at work, but their endeavors to arrest the rogue of a money-lender had been fruitless. His clerk was found at the office, but professed to know nothing, and bis master, so far as I have been able to learn, was seen no more. He bad drawn a large cheque upon bis bank, leaving bnt a balance of a few pounds, on the previous afternoon, and the last that was known of him was when I knocked him down at Covent Garden Theatre. That I was restored to my uncle’s favor and to my old position as to11 expectations,” it is scarcely necessary for me to relate; but it may be interesting if I add that I married Mabel, and thereby became one of the most happy of mortals. 