Me Talk. |d North and tlio Hon, Miss Nor bli are follow Bgcra of Lady Hopotoiin by the ' Viotoria, for |atae. Baron North is the only son of Colonel: rSyilnoy North, and his mother was Baroness i in her own right. He was bom in 18815, and, |cil, in 1S")S, Miss Froderlca Oobk'erell, clnughtor of • |ln itichurd IIowo OookereU, B..N, -The Hon. , jXorth is tho Baron's socond danghtor, Mario V- I lev two sisters aro married. Tho oldest, i Susan Georgian, married in .1889 Mr. .Franois jh'it/geraUl; and -the youngest, Miss Christina Ipa Agnes, married last year Oaptnin Thos. Yato |n, lute of tho Fourth Hussars. In oonnootion illio h'ortli title, it mny bo mentioned that on the [of the third Earl of Guilford and tho ninth gh'orth, in 1S02, this barony, foil into aboyanoo |c» his two daughters, Maria, Marohlonoss of i| pod Lady Susan Doylo, Tlio aboyanoo tormina ji the death of tho Marchioness' of Buto, in 18-11. « * t ' ■ '• • Jjtiiauy to expaetation, Monsieur Th. Moyov; has Set arrived to illl tho Fronoh . Oonsul-G onoralship |dby u, Bojardln. Moreover, it is very doubtful pother M, Meyer will come to Australia at all. & present moment he is detained in Paris at the |to£ tho Foreign Minister ij and most; probably a Important post will bo given to the accomplished fii( scholar at oithor Berlin or Yionna. • Moan-? I Monsieur P, Mntstrb is Acting Consul-General llhoumo, and receives doublo salary.. .; .. ' OYonl of tho week in Molbottvna^hM/bciQn. t»Uo. jonoo hotwcQn Mr, Spoight and tho Parliamentary; I dee on Hallways, Mr, Spolght'is ^ght in op. j »o construotlon, of ili-madp or .unfinished; rail podov^ the spacious terms of 4 light dines"' or< f.ft[8,'but ttwro aro hundreds of milos of branblr. Im ! ^ Qon8',l'Uohodt would .develop. immense ] I ,coun^»the tralllb on those linos oould bo ft1 « lhe next 20 yonfs or mora liy araiid'attU'Q,, "l" l'°Ming stock on tho Do Onnvillo i ft r nariow 8uaK° linos are very durable, o 8 it oavH are so oonstfuotad that tholr oon IxtnJn10 ^iQc^ ^nto ma'a lino oars at a vary 1 1 hue with the aid of a Btoam power hoist, suoh as are usod on tho piors at "VVilliamstown and Port Melbourne. There Is a prejudice against the narrow guago linos in Victoria bocauso, as the Govornmont pays, local men think it would lesson the importance of thoir distriot to acknowledge that such a small affair could cope with all thoir traffio. Tlio depart mental officers also have the usual Government con tempt for anything but the biggest and best of its kind. Mr, Speight's idea that tlio Government ought to spend a'htlllion or two ovory your on now lines is magnifloont, but most dooidedly as foolish as the company that spends all its capital orooting a hotel and then has to mortgage the building to furnish it, trusting that ous tomors will be plontiful onough to pay working ox pohsos, intorost on loan and dividend. 15VI3RY week tho fooling amongst Victorian poli ticians strengthens that tho Munro Ministry must bo .upsot boforo tho coming session of Parliament tb'rralnatos. Tho chiof indictment against tho Aric toi'ian Govornmont is that thoy aro, to uso a liorsoy phrase, " too greon for liarnoss." Thoy liavo not oommittod any ogrogious blunder as yet, but thoy liavo, wobblod about," so that evory mombor of Parliament feels oortain that thoy will go' all to piooos under the first sovoro strain. Both in and out of Parliament tho .fooling is that Victoria has had- onough of govornmont by nowspapor proprietors and land boomors, v Tarn Oonsus roturns wliioh liavo boon issued of tho population of Sydnoy and suburbs aro' a littlo disap pointing to those who woro of opinion that thoy would' bo oqual or nearly o'qual to thoso of Molbourrfo and its' i suburbs, but it- must'bo roraombored that tho' oir'oum J ato.hbbs of tho two oitibs aro dilforontV It is only within j tho last tony oars that Sydnoy, old as sho is, has had I any suburb worthy of tho name j tlio population lias jbooh oontorod for tho most part in and around tho jmbtropolis,1 but tho bxtonsion of tlio tramway system jcouplbd with tlio s'alo 'of suburban lands has rapidly ;sottlod a suburban' population., ,T,t is only within tlio last dooadi) that' Sydney has begun to wako up and .assort liorsolih Tho old fogoydbm and ghost_of vostod iiitorosts is only now slowly disappearing and giving plaoo to the march of progross. Within 'ton yours Sydnoy itsolf lias boon almost rebuilt, and suburban populations liavo inoroasod in somo cases as much as 800 por oont, It has boon a marvollous poriod, and only serves to show how littlo had boon dono during the long lino of previous years. If tho raco was now to bo to the swift, Sydney would be in it. It will be interesting to seo what tho next ten yoars will bring Eorth. The total Census returns" for the entire solony, however,' shows that the poprrlation of New South Wales is more evenly distributed over tho whole country, the apparent diminution in tho metro politan area should bo rogardod as a blessing, It seems a somowhat difficult mattor to got up much enthusiasm in tho Federation cause, In Sydney Mr. Oh H. Itokl and Mr. Edmund Barton are having a sort of friondly duel, but their shooting is apparently vory harmless, and no very mgly wounds have as yot boon inflicted, Theso two gentlemen and lawyers woro once tho hope and tho prido of tho young Sydnoy party, but their ways are now divorgont j one con tinues in tho f i'oo trade, and the other has turned off into the narrower path of protection; and on tho Federation quostion their viows are as wido as the polos. It is ourious to observe that behind those bolligorents are tho two old quondam friends and political opponents, Sir Henry Parkes and' Sir John Eobortson, spurring on their young supportors. Sir John, who is the vory embodiment of provincialism, opposos federation with all his might, and draws around him all tho shining lights of tho Eoforta Olub. Sir John is always at his best in Opposition, He is foroiblo and vory much to tho point, and occasionally amusing, Ho roooivod a goodly douceur to. roraain out, of, polities, but although not in Parliament ho con tinues, to oxert an active intorost in all political mattors, and pulls many a.strlng from bohind tho cur tain. Mr, Julian Salomons is a man of quite a diHorent past and calibre. Ho is a strong opponont of Federation, ITo has.late!^returned from a tour around, tho world, and has studied tho quostion in tho United Statos and Canada, Ho will naturally have somothing to say pn the subject, which will lilcoly bo worth hear ing, as Mr. Salomons is a clover and obsorvanb man, whoso opinion is ontltlod to rospoot, ' .Mb, Ban O'Connor, tho Postmastor-Qonoral of Now louth. Wales, has not suoeoodod Uko Sir Henry Parkos n gotting hirasolf immortalisod on one of tho boll# which ravo boon oast in England for tho Sydnoy Tost Oftloo. L'ho four bolls woigh rospootivoly 8i, llj, Pi!/•> and 80 kdiMhicjtaaac cwt. Each bell is adorned with the Imperial crown and monogram, " V.I.E.," and one o£ the lines from the Poet Laureate's " In Memoriam "—" Ping out the false, ring in the true." The largest bell also bears the letters " the initials of the New South "Wales Premier. 9 * 9 Under the heading of "The Coming Slavery," the Pvev. Dr. Charles Strong continues preaching a melange of philosophical-radicalism and Christian- socialism which he imagines will bring about universal happiness in overgrown Melbourne. " There is," says the pastor of the Australian Church, "a fear in some minds to-day that the great movements of the century are bearing us on to slavery. We shall have mob rule, it is predicted, , and the State, having absorbed all the duties and functions of private individuals, will crush out indc pondence and individuality. Progress and civilisation \- will thus be arrested by the return of a glacial age of tyranny and stagnation. Every thoughtful person must be alive to the dangers which beset this strange epoch of human history, and the student of the past will readily find historical parallels to adduce in sup port of pessimistic forebodings and reactionary policy. Undoubtedly, there are dangers, Dr. Strong admits, but consoles himself by reflecting that all life "is a voyago over an ocean swept by storms, or perilous by reason of rocks and shoals Domocraoy—meaning by this the self-government of the people regarded as one class and one family—is attended with many dangers, and it is well that wo should bo forewarned of theso, and so forearmed. Those who are just beginning to taste freedom, and who are sufEering a reaction from ages of rcproision, ignorance, or suporstition, social and religious, are prono to kiolc over the traces, and it will tako long beforo society settles down into the mould of environments. Wo must oxpoct to be disgusted and disappointed, and to boo abuses and extravagances. The wise man will accept theso, and steam right ahoad, as a good captain .accepts the waves. Ho will do his part, and carry out his principles, though he is crucified for his pains assurod that thoro is land beyond to bo ono day reached." Dit. Strong further'tolls us " that which soma profess speoially to dread.is tho tyranny of the lower olasses, onoo thoy have tho power. But ho asks who are tho low or classes ? Thoy aro, replies Dr. Strong, our brothors and sistors, ohlldran of tho sarao Clod, mon and women of"llko passions with oursolvos. Why do wo fuar them, exaopt booause thoy havo not boon oducatod and cultured and aocustomod to power, but hava boon hold down by olroumstanoos, and ofton by griovous fnjustldo, and so aro llablo to make reprisals, and to abusa tholr power. Educate, culture, lift thom up, and troat thom justly as human bolngs, as roally dearly beloved brethren, and there will bo no longor any lower 'olassos to tyrannise or to bo afraid of. Tho • abolition of artifloial olass distinction must bo our aim, and in this lias our safoty, Again, it is said: that in dependence will be brushed out, and that pooplo will o'xpobb everything to bo done for thom by tho Stato, But. it strikes us that under tho present system of things,'wo aro about m do^endont, as wo can bo, and that the'majority of people havo but little room for developing individuality, spooial talonts and tastos, andahindoRondont oharaotor. Tho fact is wo arb largely slavos—mon and woman of all olassos. '.How many tlioudandB have sbaroo food to oat? How many tens of thousands havo only a precarious moans of subsistonoo dopondont on hoalth, • woathor, tho markot, ' and what is oallod luolc, Is a woman free who must marry' for a' homo ? Is a labouring man froa who must work for othors, live in a dirty little houso in the heart of tho oity to bo near his work,'where ho is at tho moroy of tho landlord, whoro his ohUclfon can only got tho guttor and stroot to play in, and whoro ho is jammed in on all sidos1 by other ? people's houses, exposod to tho small of othor pooplo's drains, and surrounded by Innumorablo littla Noah's Ark-llko orootious ? Is a laboring man froo who must aooopb a oertain wage, though inadequate to lcoop him. solf and family, or also starve ? Is a man independent who cannot ovon ahooso his ohiiroh lest he give oilonoo to his customers, ancl so drlvo away business? Is a man free and independent who earns £2 by hard labor for six days of the week, out of which he has to pay 10s. for rent, feed and clothe himself and. family, pay in to a friendly society, and meet perhaps sick ness, dull times, or accident ? So far from being free, we are the bondsmen of custom and fashion, and half our nature never gets a chance. Our Parliaments and municipal councils are not fairly representative, and often serve themselves or certain class interests rather than the public good. Our commercial life—what is it but slavery? No time to read or think or live. Grind, grind, and high pressure. Lot anyone visit the Stock Exchange, or Under the Verandah ; let anyono look into our shop-lfo, or make himself acquainted with the hardship, drudgery, constant worry, and monotony to which so many have been reduced by our modorn worship of Mammon and the necessities of the competitive systora, and say whether there is so much indopondcnco and freedom to boast of. Our very faces and clothes nro branded with the stamp of monotony. The monotonous gum-tree of Aus tralia, or our long stretches of dry plains, are fit emblems of how much Australian life, high and low I" The Baby Show is over, and the proprietors can count up thoir gains with smug satisfaction, while young doctors smile fatuously as they think of the cheap advertisements they got and reckon up the pros pective fees for attondanee on mothers and infants suffering from long hours in a vitiated atmosphere or violent colds brought on by night exposure. The suburban police, too, rejoice over the shilling they paid, not to see the show, but to find out the addresses of mothors who had failed to get their infants vaccina ted, for the constable in charge of a station has a little perquisite for looking after unvacoinated children. Tho salacious old men and the goat-eyed youths also boar voluptuous reminisconces of tho tour.led-hairod " young persons" who in their character as nursos wore so delightfully complaisant to male visitors. I TII3AR that Mr. Barr-Smith, tho administrator of the M'Oulloch qstato, has, after all, sueceoded in pacifying tho numerous logatees under the will, and the Adelaide lawyers will consequently be deprived of some very fat pickings. Mr. Aloxander M'Oulloch, of lh'incess Royal, loft personal estate valued at £78,000, and real cstato, £250,000. Tho only lo'gaoios are— £15,000 to Mr. Justloe. Bouoaut, tho testator's son-in law ; £1000 to each of his executors, and tho rest of tho ostato equally among tho testator's family s—Mrs. J. B. Boucaut, Mrs. Foildor-King, Mr, Aloxandor M'Oullooh, Mr. Duncan M'Oullooli, and Miss M'Gullooh. Tho late Mr. John M'Oullooh's children take their fathor's sharo, loss an annuity of £500 to Mrs. John M'Oullooh. Tho froohold ostates of Yongala and Princoss Royal form the prinoipal portion of tho real 03tato, * * * This Hotol Motropolo in Sydnoy is no longor to "be olassed as a coffee palaoo, hut is now a licensed house, Tho namo of " Small" is ovor the door as boing licensed to retail fermented and spiritual liquors to bo drunk on tho promises, The original proprietors who oroobud tho promisos on a striotly teetotal basis, havo contrivod to pass on their oonsolonoes to another body with loss punctilio, but with moro far-slghtodnoss in judging that a lioonsod houso is likely to pay tho shareholders better than an unlicensed ono could do, Tho conditions of residence remain unaltered, This hotol is admirably, oonduotod under tho management of Mr. Erokrnnn late of tho Grand Hotol, and now tho guosts aro onablod to obtain liquor if thoy dosiro with thoir moals. * * That gigantio pile of sovou storlos of briok, mortar, marble and what not whioh stands in, Clustlaroagh street, Sydnoy, and is to bo known as tho Australia Hotol, is fast approaolving completion. Noarly all tho intorlor clooorations aro ilnishod, and tlio furnishing is proceeding apaoo. In'about a month's timo it will ho opon for business, Tho interior is very grand, and a groat deal of money has boon lavished upon it, but tho directors' apponr to havo stopped short in some parts just whoro they should havo gono on, so as to produce a handsome, harmonious whole. However ■ the largest, finest and most complete build', kind in the Southern Hemisphere v f'!! i i . ■"Umerirtu ponses have been received m reply ,t0 ments for a manager. It will require a good n,^" will have no easy position. Instead ol offering salary and remuneration a really first-class • be obtained from America or elsewhere it the h to be a success. The charges will be very ! J is promised that the accommodation will ho I' 1 It will only require to find the patrons who arc to support the undertaking and to go lWllJ,d ordinary level'which has oTotrvinecI in Austral I regard to "prices whether for theatre, opera anything else out of the commonplace. Mb. F. Ward, who last year vacated the at,I chair of tho Sydney Daily Telegraphy C0M*J sake, lias partly re-entered the sorvico of employers, but in a less responsible capacity. Sydney Daily Telegraph is a subscriber to a L J cable syndicate, the cost of which is shared kl Australian papers. Tho Age and Hi'enmjSttid\ Melbourne, the South Australian Jlt'ijistrr^k ney Daily Telegraph and tho Evening SfnrdclrJ expenses of the London cables and pay the sala;:'T two correspondents who have charge o£ tklj office. Mr. Ward's salaTy, I am told, will year, and there ia no doubt but that the lateeli tho Sydney Daily Teleyragdu will give full valij the money in Bparkling letters alone, hut whether a man of his age would bo able to adapt | self to,new and peculiar work, which involvesthed out of bed at four o'clock in the morning to J about- Fleet-street' in the fog and cold i winter, trying to got early copies of tho mitj papers from whioli to compile a budget of cd Australia. I huar that, a: cheap oclition of Mr, M'fJ clover novel, " Our Pleasant Vices," is in the lu: the publisher. The story is certainly ono of iJ pictures of . Australian country life that I tej Thoro is hardly a oharacter in tho book which da convey to tho reader some reminisoenco of thotni personal acquaintance, and I should recommend if who can to read the throe volume edition ns «e| they can procure it from thoir library, for theaf will enjoy the possession of tho book when libel enough to buy. I boar that tho author lawrj anothor story in ;which ho will dopict cortain phi of colonial political and commercial life. Lov.nms of thoatrical rominlsconcos will l<| torostod to hoar that tho late Parry Sullivan tol behind a voluminous autobiography, which, aceorl to my informant, tho doooasod actor's own sob, j most probably bo published by lloutledge ami | Mr, Amory Sullivan, who is now in London, iaki ofnovoltios for tho Molbourno Thcatro lloynl, f-Hj bofore ho loft Australia that ho possessed script of his father's memoirs, and that Ilontledgel Son, who woro anxious to soouro them for publkM'.J had offered a considerable sum of money in1 which, however, ho rofusod, Now, however, ff'j sure to see those interesting momoirs in pr'"' the ond of tho year. Tho ohnptors ou Molbourni, | bo found very: interesting loading, especially j theatrical orltios, • A TjAitCfM number of pooplo will bo sorry ' that a sovero accident bofol the Vonoi'ftblo 110 j to l'| 10 CI aollor of tho XTnivorslty. Dr, Brownless,on ovoning, April 80. Tho old gontlomnn In sl y oar's makos a point of boing prosontnU ontortainmonts, and on that ovonlng M In aid of tho funds of tho Oolll"K^0f'((ho fortunately sllppod oil' tho daln and ' J ,„]l0 „ooi knoo that was broken <10 yonra "6"' p 0n gontloman had to bo carried Jlroin tlio . (Vllj m and at first tho doctors feared 8)iowo'l i'1'] I broken, but a subsequent oxamlufd' 0|„k(| « knoo was diHlooatod. It need 8oa'0° y n(fa js sefk iuiuu w«»h umiuuntuu. niiu » ;•, that a dislocation at tho 9 i nfnro Ids 8011 and this misfortnno happening ,boHllflt(,|,,cil l» and this misfortnno happoning b° In(l10, covered from tho serious burns ho ,pntliy n"1 hush ilroa, has elicited wldo-sp>oft( " _ grot;, I 