LADY 0CHE 1'WYND SPECTRE, . CHAPTER XXVIII. THE NEW" CELEBRITY. 'And who may this renowned man killer bel' 'She is lady Diana Northwick. You see her by the window susrounded by her adorers. She is an iceberg. -But is the not beantifult She is engaged. to marry lIordTentamour, who stands at her side holding her bouquet. What do you think of herl' Teumpest glanced in the direction indicated to him. He beheld 'at a distant window, surrounded by a charmed circle -ofi gentleman a woman rarely beautiful -so beautiful that one -having once seen her face. could never forget it.' She was tall regal, and. staturesque with a noble and queenly carriage for stately figure. Her puree Greek face was supert in its royal haughtiness. The red lips were curled in a smile that was ,trangely fascinating and winning. She was a blonds of the purest t7pe,with a complexion like the fairest pearl. Her hair was of a pale golden tint, yellow without a glint of red - in its luxuriant iansses. It was arranged in crepes, and puffs and rolls, and curls, after the fashion of the day, but its fanciful disorder could not conceal the shape of her small, noble head which was poised upon her slender neck. She look an empress in her robe of pale blue velvetwitll trimmings of point lace and abundant oarnments cf diamonds. 'She is very beautiful,' said Tempesb slowly, 'I can imagine a man falling in love with her; but youa ssay he.is a coquette. Thereisa disdain in her haughty glance as she looks around her at this moment. Is that a revela tion of her inner nature? Is she seally above all these coquetries?' ' ' 'The question shows that she has already cast her glamour over you,' said Lady Forteecue, banteringly. 'That is always the way. It is fortun-. ate that you have no tie to bind you to anotlter. ' What if you should fall in love with Lady Di shile you were the hucsbaud of eome other woman! Such a thing would not be unkhown here'i" SLondon,,.&iir;~ia ? oi??- f wine. me Mr Tempest. Can it be. that there is ;a. aMrA Tempeatin the background all the while' .' 'No, I should say that could not be.' said the explorer, calmly. All the ties that oice fettered ome are brokenbut I am no silly moth to alutter round- 'the flame of Lady Di's beauty. I candidly think that she is one of the most beau tiful woman I have ever seen-perhapB the most b-autifu?--but hers is the beauty of the glorious marble statue, not the beauty of a tender woman. Do men `chll her heartlesel' 'Yea and rave about her, and go mad about her beaiity. She enjoys her power and that is why she has held her lover. Tentamour, so long :at arms Jength. They will be married soon I ýiCRri S.ýpost'a eyes moved about the long d&4nwig room and then bisgaze return ed tthoeroup,of which Lady Diana Nor~bwick was the radiant sun. 'Wshi eof the group is the favouro'. b lover, L y Fortescoel' he asked in an indiferer ivoice. Which is Lord Ten tamourt DiTd . u not notice him? He is the gentleac with the bouquets. He is an arder lover. He has wooded her ladyehip long, and heas at last won e her.' . Tem t regarded the favbured lover of Lady Diana with considerable interest, Lord T tamour was a handsome man, a man . society, accomplished ri-h,and of :Iof descent. His manners were oequisit ly polished. He was a great favourit in society, and his long devo tion to sLdy Diana was about, it asem ed to hi rewarded by his marriage with hoer. 'Who is "Lady Diana NorthwickT rsked Tempest. 'She is the widow of Sir Basil North dck, a rich baronet, who was sufficient y accommodating to die and leave er all his wealth. She must be nearly thirty years old.' If her husband were a baronet, why is shae not Lady Northwickl'questioned Tetpest with apparent iSteres. 'Because:Lady Di is the daughter "atn earl, and the daughter of an earl my dear Mr Tempest, takes precedence of a baronet's wife,' replied Lady Fortescue. 'People are led to forget Lady Di's marriage in remou: berance of her descent. Did you not tell me that you do not care for wom en? Yet see how long we have been talking about the most brilliant coqu. ette in London. Having excited your curiosty in regard to her permit me to introduce you to her?' ! 'Thanks,' said Tempest bowing assent. 'I daresay you are tired of me Lady. Forescue, and are willing to be rid of me.' k They advanced towards the reinging belle, who welcomed the lion of the evening with a dazzling smile. Lady Fortescue presented the great explorer and then moved away. At the dis-. tance of a few paces she paused to speak to a guest, and her glances re. dsrted to iadyiDiana and Tempest. Tte Tartar tra eller was already deep in c3nversation with the polished 'coquette Lady Di is sure to add Mr Tempest to her list of lovers,' thouglt Lady Fortesoue with a thrill of dismay. He does iot understand a woman's wiles. Sbh would like to win the homage of the new celebrity. I fancy, he is a .widower. There was a strangeexpres sion in his eyes when I spoke of a possible Mrs Tempest. I could fancy him newly bereaved when I remember thatlook. I am persuaded thatsome thing startling will grow out of this imeeting of Lady Di and Tempest. He will fall in love with her-and he will go hack to Tartary next month. But what be the endl CHAPTER XXIX. LADY DIANA NORTHWICK. .Lady Diana Northwick celebrated for her beauty and scintillant wit, was "a most accomplished coquette and woman of society. Fortune had showed its clocest gifts upon her. She was ,'rich having seats in two or three eon?dties,, a marine villia, a house in town, and a rent roll 'that many a prince might have envied;aud.although he iwas ca!led a human- icaberg,although liernature seemed as cold and passion .less as snow and although her wit; keen as a Damascus blad-, sometimes wounded her admirers yet she could have numbered her suitors by the score. 'Lady Fortescue might well feel apprehensive; least the great explorer, so long unused to ladies society, should falla victim to the alluring beauty of Lady Diana, whom Lady Fortescue regarded as a sort of Loreley. 'Lady Di's passion ' for admiration is tse:only passion of which her nature ii ipable,' thought the hostess, un easily. 'She will not rest until she has?-bought ~r Tempest to her feet, asidthen she will throw him aside like alworn out glove; and he, a stranger to society will take all her interest in him as genuine and may wreck his life bicusee of her false wiles. I wish I had not introduced him to her,' "Itacarcely seemed upon closer serutiny as if Lady Fortecune were justified in her prognostications of evil. The dis tinguished explorer seemed by no ,me.nssready to fall upon his knees a captive to the charms of Lady Diana. He" regarded her with a cool cynicism thait piqued her and yet his manner wpas full of a gentle courtesy that showed a'it he had not .4lsays been 'a stige?to a.:lady's drawing. room. Lay Diana involuntarily compared himwith her favoured suitor. Lord Ten. taufeour, wo wasast lhboldingher -b qi?t .and was at this moment ex. cbhnging remarks with Tempest. Lord Tenamour was an aristocrstic highle bred gentleman, with fair hair ond long curlig whiskers. He wa aso elegapt man of society,sand a fair renrea entative, in education and personal appearance, of the higher-class English man. . Tempest towered head and shoulder above his lordship. bhe explorer differed in respect from Lady Diana's lovers. He was no carpet knight, no drawing room hero. He had known dangers and perils in far off lands, and Pabl rmb ol ,ance surroundled him, He had studied the costumes of the peop'e of Tartary and Northern Ohina at much personal risk; he had performed feats of bravery; he had written books; he had a: name in scitnce, and was celebrated. The tinge of bresquenes in his manner gave him additional charm; and then he was strikingly "handsou a after a grand and unusual type. He was ta'l and alwart, and commanding, with a haughtly, cynical face cool keen eyes, a curling lip, and a look of power ard intellect on his bronzed and bearded face that marked him no ordinary man. He looked grandly noble-a man to be feared and respected, and ' held in a certain ave. Lady Diana was greatly impressed with his appearance. It would be something she thought with the in stincesof the coquette all aroused by his cool cynicism, to bring a man like this to her feet. The conquest of a man who hated women, who was celebrated brave, noble, whom everybody admired and honoured would be a fitting plume to her crown. 'I should like to subdue his pride, to hear words of passion from these cool firm lips, to make him my slave,' thought the beautiful coquette. '1 con do it and I will. I suppose I must marry Tentamour and this shall positi.. vely be my last flirtion. By the bye I wonder if there's a Mrs Tempestl My success will all hinge upon that. While thus thinking, she exchanged eommonplace remarks with Tempest, reclaimed her bouquet from Lord Ten. tamour who relinquished it reluctantly, with a jealous look at the great explorer and then placed her jewelled hand lightly upon tempest's arm, and began with him a slow promenade of the long rooms. The Lady Diana had never looked more dangerously lovely than upon this evening. Her pureGreek face colourless as marble. was radiant with heauty, intellect and spirit Her broad white biows were surmoun ted by crepes and ; ff of pale golden hair, and across the light yellow fluff ran a sparkling tiara of diamonds. She wore a rivirec of similar jewla about her small, proud throat, and an almost priceless pendant of rare workmanshiis lay upon her marble white bosom. Her blue eyes, soft as velvet glowed like stare. Slender, stately statnesque, with . a proud and noble carriage' she seemed an ideal em press. It was said, with great apparent truth, that nature, in so grandly endow ing her with beauty, intellect, and wealth had omitted only one gift the gift of a heart! 'I have read all your books, Mr Tempest,' said Lady Diana, in her soft cool voice, as they continued their promenade. 'Not to have done so would be to argue one's self an ignor amus. I have followed the story of your adventures with the greatest possible interest have sympathized with your perils, rejoiced in your dis coveries, and have admired your emergy and indomitable spirit. But I have detected a recklessness in your bravery that has rurprised me. In reading your books, it has even seemed to me as if you held your life in your hands, eager to throw it away.' The explorer smiled, but the smile was baffling, and revealed nothing to the eyes of his companion. 'My life is not especially valuable to me,' he remarked quietly,'. 'and I be lieve I have used it to the best advan tage in endeavouring to promote the great brotherhood of man.' 'But how can your wanderings in Tartary do anything to that endl' questioned Lady Diana.. 'By revealing the inner life of the people of that country to the world, and excitieg an interest In them among the civilized nations,' replied Tempest, 'I am not vain, and do not like to claim too much for myself. Every traveller who penetrates into those remote regions carries with him the air of our newest western civilzation. 1 presume the time will come when the brotherhood of the race will be something more than a mere idea when Mongolians, Oaucasians, Africans and all other divisions of the human race, will realize that each is part of one grand whole, and one civ ilization will prevail, and all mankind will beas brothers marching on to one common perfection.' 'Your theory is very fine,' said Lady Diane; and I suppose the ti.oe will come when the lion and the lamb will lie down together, and the lamb will notbe inside thelion; but that will not happen in our auy. The world is not perfect,but it's avery good world efter all, Mr Tempest. I fear I am not of the stuff of which heroes are made I could .ntabandon my own country jfuiries, even the comforts of life, as you have done with the vague idea of attaining that which seemed impossible. It is well thatall people are not constituted alike. You have spent years in the pursuit of science in wild and far lands. and have won fame but at what costal At the sacrifice of friendship family ties e erything that we sromen hold dear. Will you deem me impertnient if I ask, in Oity parl anoe, if your.work has paid? 'I think it has,' said Tempest deli berately. -One is generally satisfied with the gratification of one's tastes and longings. I could not hae been stis ,i4 to remjin in Egla d,' 'Pardon me,' said Lady Diana, 'but you excite my curiosity. Have you no family ties Mr Tempest? 'None wha'ever, Lady Diana.' Lady Diana looked surprised but' in her heart she was pleased. Her pro ject of aul'duing this haughty cynical celebrity was not likely to beinterfered with by a possible Mrs Tempest. Yet she desired to further assure her self. 'Celebrated men are public property her ladyship remarked carelessly. 'One wishes to know if they eat and drink and sleep like ordinary people. The nevespapers employ Jenkins to peep in to seonnd story back windows that the great vulgar multitude may -be in tormed whether distinguished people sleep with one eye open or both eyes shut; whether they snore, or do not snore, and soon. And even cultivated people are not free from the vice that ruined our great foremother. Even I am devoured by curiosity, Mr Tempest; at this moment I am dying to know and I haven't the assurance to ask if there ts a Mrs Tempestl' The explorse'a face grew graver, and his black eyes yet more sombre, as he replied quietly 'I have no wife, Lady Diana, I lost my wife some years ago. My entire family has been swept from me. I came taok to England afterniany years absetce to look after those who had claims upon me, but I find to day-that they are dead. I stand alone in the world, like some lonely and blasted tree and these is not one face I ever knew to brighten at *sy coming, or one heart to sadden at my going. His words were inexpressibly mourn fulbut his tone was hard and cold, and his manner repelled all sympathy. In his inflexible self control he did not permit even a shalow of his great grief to rest upon his stern bronzed face. He was one to suffer alone, and to hide his suffering. 1'ou are not like other men Mr Tompeat,'said Lady Diana,~with a thrill of admiration. 'I beg you to for. give me for probing a wound so fresh Iconfess youpucz.e me extremely. If yod hbad a family of whom yen were fond, why did you leave id And how does it happen that you did not hear of the deaths of your wife and children until to da)s Did they die recently) She asked thesse questions gently, with an air of friendly -interest -that would be repelled. ' 'My instinct for wandering my rest.. lessness andlonging for change perhaps overruled my senses of duty,' said Tempest, with a show of bitterness. I did not hear of the deaths of my loved ones until to day because I was not in intercourse with my family. That is all. But they have been dead one for years one only a yeir, and I have heard the news to-day, ann am here to night as bright of visage as any of these around us-and perhaped as light of heart. We all wear masks, Lady Diana. We all hind our torn hearts under smiling faces. Even you Lady Diana, young beautiful, rich admired, a belle and a wit,surrounded by suitors and admirers- even you, I daresay wear a mask like all the ret. Even you have your moments of sorrow, re gret or anxiety. Isit notsoT Lady Di laughed softly, and her laughter was like a cascade of music. 'You are mistaken, Mr Tempest in the latest application .of your theory.' she said. I alone of all this crowd, perhaps do not wear a mask. I have no regrets, no sorrows no anxieties. Why ahou!d I havel I am young as you say, and rich and admired. I have a freedom that is nearly absolute. One cannot enjoy a perfect freedom in this world, you know, hemmed in by so:ial rules and observances, but a widow I think; enjoys a freedom that approaches perfection. It is a condition that admits of the most happiness. Do I startle youl I am not like other people, Mr Tempest. And I am daringsenough to be original I daresay you think me heartless. I am. All the world will tell you so. But oar conversation has taken a strange turn for such brief acquaintanceship. Have we suffered our masks-ah, I forget that I wear none!-to drop fer an instant)' 'Lord Tentamour's mask seems drop ping also,' said Tempest, in his cynical voice, 'I see his face yonder gleaming out of the crowd upon us, and full of jealousy. He thinks your ladysh p too condescending to the Tartar. on exhi bition this evenin'. Lady Diana's face flushed. She flashed a look of coquettish defiance in the direction of Lord Tentamnour, and then if unconsciouely,drew Tem pest through an opeh dqorway into an exquisite little fernery beyond. There was a fountain here, set in midst of the little soft green of tall uxUriant ferns. The light glowedtbrough the ground glass globes like mellow moons, filling the room with a tender and subdued radiance. There were no flowers but every variety of fern lux uriated here, and grew in wanton beauty. It was a spot for lovers, but Lady Diana fancied that is would an swer equally well for the purposes of flirtation. It was anoccuipiedatthe mo ment of their entrance,and Lady Diana conducted her companion, to a low, rustic settle in a dim, renmote cor. ner. 'A delightful place to rest in, 'the world forgetting by the world forgot,' said thoe beautifpl bcuPett triiilg witb I one of her diamond bracelets and settl ang it into better position: upon bar white rounded arm, 'I.Inotthis fernery lik. a glimpse into the pre-historic ages when ferna grew as trees and in luxur iant junglasl One might fancy one's self looking at such a scene through Ia diminishing glass, only that we have here no moustreus serpents no gaping alligators, and other animals such as belonged to those days, and which we knew only under unpronounceable names.' 'We may have the same animals in these days.Lady Diana only is changed shapes,'. replied Tempest, dryly. 'If we strip off the masks of the gay crowd out yonder, we shall find J;erpents and alligators enough I feel quite assured. Animals.devoured one another in those days; men devevour one another now. Lady Diana made a half abstracted response. The bitterness of Tempest deepened her interest in him. He was was so unlike her admirers that she felt it would be a triumph to make him fall in love with her;but the pro. ject was sufficiently hazordous and doubtful in its results to befascinating to her. She wondered hew he would tell his love-whether he was capable of love-and how he would take her refusal of his suit. She exerted her powers to attract a him; she was witty and brilliant, and alluring as the fabled Oirce. Hlea manner towards him was distinguished by its delicate'flattery and seemingly unconsoaous deference. Tempest read her heart as if it had been an open book, and once he smiled grimly with the reflectionthat all her arts were lost upon him, He was not likely to become the prey of a siren. In justice to Lady Diana, we most sta'e that she was no ordinary coquett with an insatiable appetite for flattery, who draweyouuog men to her feet only to reject them with a laugh. No young man attributed his ruin to her. She had wrecked no'lives,destroyed no man's faith in womankind--at least she beievwd not. She was too proud to become a mere flirt. She held herself too high to put forth an effort to attract men in general. She was essentially noble and generous. She was engaged to marry Lord Tentamour, and had been so engaged for years. But she knew her power, and loved to test it now and then, asshe was trying to test it now. She knew that she was engaged in a pastime unworthy of her and resolved to abandon it-but not just yet. Tempest's wit was as brilliant as her own and they became absorbed in conversation which they kept up until the little fernery became filled with groups of lovers and they then returned to the drawing room. They presently bc:ame seperate,Lord Tentamour appearing and claiming the attention of Lady Diana, and Tempest fnding some new a.quaintance solitous of his notice. They did not meet again throughout the evening until the very last. Lord Tentamoureecorted his betrothed down to supper,and Tempest gave his arm to his hostess, and after supper they were both occupied with different groups of admirers but when Lady Diana came down from the drawingroom shrouded in a white opera cloak and hood,it:was Tempest who stepped forward with grave courtesy and offered herhis arm to conduct her to her carriage. Lord Tentamour sprung forward just an instant to late. Lady Diana laid her little gloved hand on Tesrspest's arm, and walked beside him out at the open doorway,down the carpeted stone steps under the gay awning,and was assisted by the returned traveller into her carriage. She bestowed upon him a bewitch% ing smile, and asked him to call upon her at her house in Park lane, saying that ehewould always be athome to him. Tempestaccepted the iv.itation gravely and bowing deeply,stepped backgiving place to Lord Tentamour, who with a displeased air, entered the carriage and gave the order toreturn home. As the carriage rolled away, Tempest ascended the steps and re'entered the house grimly smiling. 'Her ladyship means to bring me under her chariot wheels,' he thought. 'I am willing to indulge her in a little amusement, but she will find in the end that it is 'diamond cut diamond. As if I were lightly to fall at any wo man's feet! I'll call upon her to.morrow since she has asked me. I wonder--I wonder,' he added,the same idea occur ring to him which already occurred to Lady Fortescue, 'I wonder what will come of my acquaintanceship with lady Diana. Psbawl I shall go back to Tar tary in a month, and she will marry Lord Tentemour I' .Ah time would show I CHAPTER XXX. BEINICE IN D?ADLY PERI.. The bustle of a great preparation pervaded Obetwynd Park. The an nencement of Lord Ohetwynd's be trothal to ~sylvi Monk had been publicy made, and had appeared in the East-l bourne local newspapers, and in the London fashionable journals. The marriage was to take place during the third week in June and it was now the frst week in April. Both the marquis and Miss Monk had been overwhelmed with congratulations and the expression) of good wishes, Most of the country I families had called at the Park, and it was plain that the new alliance of the marquis was regarded as more suitable thai bifprora ,oap, Iady Wolby bd Sproffered the hospitalities of her house toMiss Monk until after the expected marriage but Sylvia had refused to see any impropriety in a Bray at the Park, and had declined to leaveit.' Lord Obetwynd's fritnds had written ap'roving letters to both the marquis and Sylvia. His friends plainly wrote that his lordship could have done better in his choice of a wife-could have married a titled heiress if he had chosen but then Miss Monk had a claim upon him,she bad been his mother's choice she had nobloconnection, and on the whole the marriage was eminen:ly suitable and proper. And so the affair was settled t?2 te satisfaction of nearly I every one. In the hon sehold Sylvia Monk had become the object of most importance -the sun about whom the household revolved. She had dressmakers up from London. Shopmen were occasion ally arriving from town with parcels and samples of goods. A man from the largest jewellry establishment had visited the Park with magnificent jewels for her inspection. MissMonk's large dressing room presented the appearance of a bazaar. Filmy lace from Brussels, Alencon, Valenciennes, and other re nowned places of lace production,were thrown over the scarlet sofas, and about the long dressing mirror and chairs Oostly Indian shawls were heaped upon the fauteuils and ottemans their dullsplendours giving a refined beauty to the room. Silks satins, and velvets, in lustrous and heavy folds, were displayed on every side. One might have fancied that all these proper ations were for a royal bride. Miss Monk had an insatiate and un governable love of luxury. She drew liberally upon Lord Obetwynd's purse. She intened that her bridal outit should rival that of the Princess Louise. Despite her indolent nature, tired of trying on new garments, jewels, and shawls, her mornings were all spent in her dressing room among her dress. makers and her fineries. She tried to feel securein her good fortune. Her betrothal had been made public, and what could happen to again break off her marriagel Ah what? She knew that Bernice Chetwynd lived and the fear was never absent from her guilty soul least Ber nice should reveal herself to Ohetw' ynd and claim her old place in his heart and home. By day and by night a haunting dread possessed her. Her slumbers were less sound than of old. She awoke at a rustle of her curtains or the dropp ing of a coal from the grate. She started at an unexpected sound. Into her dull black sleepy.looking eyes crept a look of suspicion and keen anxiety. When ever Ohetwynd received a letter she waited in an awful suspense until he had read it. Whenever a visitor ar% rived to see the marquis, she lurked somewhere in the halls or on the stairs, watchful and apprehensive. This life was telling on her. How was she to endure it for three monthet Why did not Bernice come forward I Why did she hide herself, no one knew where like a guilty personl Sylvia tormented herself with these questions, but could not answer them. Gtlbert Monk stayed on at the Park secretly searching for Bernice. He too was inexpressibly anxious and troubled. He did not know that Sylvia had dis covered the fact of Bernice's continued existence. He had not taken his sister into his confidence nor had she confided in him. Be hadonly one thougth one desire-to see Bernice. It was strange how she eluded him. He knew that she was in the house often; he believed that she had appropriated a room somewhere in the region of the attics. He had found remnants of food is lonely and seculded rooms,. which he knew she most have concealed there; but when he hid himself in those rooms night after night, and waited for her she did not come. If Sylvia and Gilbert Monk were fully occupied, Lord Ohetwynd was not seen less se. He saw nol more at night the beautiful apparition of his lost bride. He felt no more, even in his dreams, her kisses on his face, her tears raining softly on his fairhair. He had become persuaded that he had not seen her atall-that he had been a victim of an optical illusion. His mind had recovered from the shock of seeing her, and had regained its usual tone. He smiled sorrowfully now at the very ides of ghost and apparitions but some times the longing came to him to be again the victim of an 'optical illusion' and to see her again asbe had so lately seen her dimly outlined and shadowy, but glorious in the radiance and freshness ofs beauty and loveliness such he hadnever before seen. But even to him Bernice did not come. His occupation was of the most practical descriptio. Be was busy with the me morial echool which was to perpetuate the name of Bernice. He had s famouss rcbi teet up from London, and was closeted with him day after day in the Moorish library,mnaking and changing plans with a patience that never tired. He had chosen the site of his school. It was to be built upon a hill overlooking Chetwynd-by Beas, and was to consist of a pile of Gothic buildings of considerable extent and archi tectural beauty. Obetwynd interested himself in his project as he had interested himself in nothing since hebhad lost his young wife. He thoughte of hercontinslsty. His pro ject seemed to bring him nearer to her. He gave litte heed to Sylvia's occupations. It was settled that he was to be masrried to her, and be was content to leave her alone, snd to be let alone. They saw little of each other during the day, but he spent his evenings with her in the drawing room or masie room, or pink boudoir and Sylvia found him readier to talk of his memorial schoel thanof love-for lig lot bride thal of* gao* d aw'a , April was pleasant with sunshine, show. ers and the fragrance of early blossoms The bedgegrows were covering their bare branches witk-keh n leaves, the fruit orchards were also pLowing a wealth of pale green Jeavee. i. The fair southern country of Sussex was looking very beau tiful in its soft spring robes, and the days were sweet and genial, and fall of the song of birds and the w armth of sunshine. One evening, after dinner, Lord Chet wynd walked ovr r to the bailif's villa in tent upon some new amplification of his favourite idea of school. Sylvia was occu. pied with Lady Welby who had come over to dine. with Miss Monk, and inspect her 'trounsean,or much of it as was finish ed ready to be inspected. Gilbert Menk was prowling in the attics and upper rooms as usual his movements unheeded by any one except the old hast Indian woman, Ragee whose life of late had been one of unceasing vigilance mrid watcbfulness. Old Ragee stalked silently afar ff in the shadows and watched him in fear and trembliog. But ason other oecsion,uo incident occur. red to startle her. Bernice did net apr ear. . Chetwynd spent the evenine in his bhai lif's office discussing business. It was after ten o'clock when he took his leaves and set out upon his return home by a private path traversing the park, Ah what was that? In the broad sheen of the moonlight, a few yards in advance of him, at a point where a wide avenue crossed the narrow path which Lord Chetwynd was treading, he saw a slender figure in white her face turned towards him, her arms stretched towards him. Be halted spellbound, She seemed a vision too ethereal for humanity. He believed then, so he had not believed befote, in spite of his lack of superstition and his contempt for stories of the supernatural, that he was looking upon a disembodied spirit I He believed that be beheld Bernice but Bernice freed from all mortal incumbrance a she had came back to him from her home in heaven. He did net reason-he only felt. She was dressedin the white sllkrobe in which be had consigned her to the tomb. It trailed after her on the ground. Her neck was bare the lace frills of her Pom padour corsage siaking round it like foam Her long dfieky hair trailed over her shoulders like a cloud, He could even see every feature of her radiant beauty in the soft sheen of the moonlight. Her face had a mournful yearning look that went to his soul. 'She is nothappy without me even there he thought. 'She needs me van as I need her. Heaven itself is not heaven to her without mel' He dared not advance, lest she should fade from his sight; and so he stood en tranced scarcely daring to breathe devour ing her his e e. i'hrg niontre, so dramatic and sen sattial, had not been planned by Bernice. S e as as much surprised as Chetw nd ?pd she was also spellbound. She had spent all these days since her last appearance to him in a lonely garret above the very attics in the nunied tower of the great house of Chetwynd Park. In this secluded and hidden retreat, of which Monk never even though Bernice lived her strange desolate, mournful existence. like had carried up to her retreat a store of blankets which she had managed to secure from the rooms below. She had also brought with her from Mawr Castle changes of garments enough for all her needs. In her dingy garret she wore her gray travel ling robes and a long waterproof cloak, preserving her white silk gown unsoiled. She brought hither also stores of food from the pantry, larder san storeroom and had procured several bottles of wine from the burler's pantry in the night. To be continued. John Hetinge, who recently stbhbed a man in the Commercial Hotel, Koroit. has been committed for trial. The wheat crop of England in 1890 stood at 80-79 boshela per acre, that of Wales at 21'94 bushels, and that of Scot land at 85'49 bushels. Samuel Evans, knocked down at Broken Creek, Benalla, by a frightened bullock, died on Thursday week. 