REVIEWS. A SYDNEY SIDE SAXON. (1) In this latest production (pp 2 7) of of now voluminous Australian author, the favourite method of writing in the first person is our HARd After a characteristic introduction in the vernacular li station hand, a squatter tolls to his Christina.) guest i, who include the " whole boiling" of his family and industrial circle, the story of his rise from the position of an English farm servant, whose father and mother had found a hard working life rewarded with the workhouse, to that of a large landed proprietor and stockowner in New South Wales 'The book might have formed another chapter of self help by Samuel Smiles, for taken typically it u al true as many an individual history, and it flinn dies as reliable an illustration of the value of enterprise, sobriety, honesty, and thrift Possibly our author Intro lucas a degree more of the lucky or accidental element of um most people are likely to meet with or warranted to look for. Nor must it be inferred either that with these qualities is a farm servant could not better himself at home, of that in Australia he will certainly rise to the position of the hero of linn book. Something too might be said on the other rule of the modern go out of discontent preached by Walter Besant and Henry Kingsley, and founded on by the author After all contentment is cs content to happiness, and the success of a few, who possibly carry their du content with them to the last, is poor compensation for the many who from their discontent never reap more than wretchedness 11 The reconciliation of abiding contentment and wise ambition has yet to be exhibited 1 All the same the writer presents a true picture of the contrast between the opportunities at home and in Australia Meeting the boy with a book in his Ininti after it J father was in the workhouse the B pure say to him, " Your father was the best ploughman and harvest hand on the estate Try and grow up like him, lad and don't idle your time over books " The "idling lad' by and by rescues the require s run from rum in Australia, employs him, and makes him his right hand man The book it is no. dress to Hay is lighted up with all that his like familiarity with the bush and bush work which the author has continuously displayed, and in some parts has itory 11 sensational enough to attract the class of readers who are only for sensation It may be worth noting that actor ling to Rolf Uc,lilrcwood"the only thing which ever knock s Johns a man worth calling a man in Australia, and keeps him down '-a drill! THE PHILADELPHIA. (2) This still resting and eminently readable novel (pp. hill) takes its title from one of its characters, who is a typical Yankee carrying a hustle K in Philadelphia It might have been almost as unsuitable called the Shenandoah or the Welshman, or the Sti pion, di Colonel's Daughter, or the University Coach for the u individual i occupy nearly, if not quite, equal prominence in the story. But 1 letting the title go, the book per cents un iidtinr.tblo study of character, the plot is built silently exciting without being { morbidly tense trial, and the villain of Dio piece mines with his due reward in some parts of the story are reminded of Wilkie Collins, tim Pim Adelphians and the pi in real ( nearly plotting and counter plot; is, in that writer's novels. but we are span, of the monotony of painful ' tension which Collins millers. for an author t v' same experience we confess to a little cheaper. cement over the ghost seem In Hugo ICI national day that is, always a ticklish thing to believe, and then II next to no management at all. Beside ), Uni ghost n made SO impotent In aid of appearing to warn the squire n e "n 't impending but indescribable danger, why did he not appear to the mur- dill MiiiñlllMi all 'initial late Mr "A Hay for) Hille Dixon" Hy Hill uoliliiiiijl author of Robbery Under Arms ' A brisbane Watson, I called in, and Co, The. late Mr millan'* a" colonial Lil my " The Paris dilution By (still John I line,! M a, member of run MllllniiuUc,"iu UiisLuiii. V,'|itiUii|t\ri;uiOU, and Co LEWIS n color, and so afford effectual protection 7 That would have been common sense, but it would not have suited the story HEREWARD THE WAKE. (31 Amarvollously cheap edition of a standard and popular romance Hereward the Wake appeared first intwovolumos in 1856, a second edition in one volume was published in 1873, and was actually printed twelve times between that and 1187, a third edition appeared in 1889, and was reprinted In addition to those there was printed the Eversley edition, Globe octavo, in 1884 In 1890, wishing to place the book within reach of the whole class whose interests Kingsley had chiefly at heart it was published in medium octavo, and was sold for a sixpence. Of that edition The book before us is a reprint. It consists of 178 large pages, double columned, and closely printed A proportion we fear of the populace will still prefer the ordinary vulgar sixpenny thacker to the chaste language, the most active theme, the lofty idealism and whole some influence of Henry Kingsley But it is a splendid thing that such a book should be offered at such a price, is 13 bound to be widely read, and we hope the enterprising publishers will be encouraged to continue the series an effective portrait of the author adorns the paper cover. LES TRECIEUSES RIDICULES, (i) It is a serious pity that the defective education of the great majority of our people shuts them out from Moliere, the Shakspeare of France, except in more or less made plain translations Mohiro was a contemporary of Pascal, and produced the piece which stands at the head of this notice only three years after the famous Provincial Letters wore given to the world In truth, he lived in the midst of a brilliant circle, of whom may be mentioned Corneille, Bossuot, Boileau, and Racine He was in his thirteenth year when the French Academy was founded. " Les Prcciouscs Ridi- cures " is not the first of Molioro'a dramatic attempts He had been writing since he was 24, and he was now 37, but it was the effort that opened to him the path along which he was to achieve immortality With this piece he sprang with a leap into fame, and two years afterwards in " LT colo das Maria" his consummate mastery in the delineation of character was yet more fully assorted After a short biographical introduction in English Mr. Fasnaoht wisely allows the writers of the time, such as Bordier and Oharton, to tell the story of Les Processes, the pretentious literary "court" which Mothers so effectively hold up to ridicule. The repose of the time of Henry IV, after the bloody tumult of the 16th, century produced a number of ladies distinguished for Yet grit, who without themselves possessing birth or fortune, or pretending to the title of author, " oom pioneered a so montror prisons do good deal control au point do transformer hours login can do petits temples litteraire oil se rassemblaient cheque Romaine, on moma cheque jour, los Scrivens enemies of los grands seigneurs " The first of those women was Mario Bruneau and the most celebrated the Marquis of de Rambouillet. A full page chart humorously illustrates the sentiment of the circle Monaro, carried away at first by the prevailing taste of the time, speedily discovered that life as it pulsated around him was hotter than models. " Jo near plus quo faire to studies Pianta ct Tironeo of dispatcher leo fragments da Monandro, jo near qua studies le monde " Heneo Loa Processes Ridicules. Of MohiWa appreciation by his countrymen we cannot stay to speak. Enough that this play sufficiently indicates the powers by which he rose to fame A very indifferent French scholar may easily read it by the help of the notes lins 11 the kind of book which should replaced in the hands of our young people instead of soulless and heart breaking exercises. FRENCH FOR CHILDREN. (S) A delightful book, substituting nursery rhymes and fables such as the souls of children rejoice in, for helpless talks about the sister of the Pardoner and the cousin of the hairdresser. The illustrations are charming In addition to a vocabulary attend the helpful plan 13 taken of placing helps to translation is am with the passage to be read. The humorous rhyming pieces have the happy effect of conveying to the ear the true pronunciation of difficult words We are not sure that the printing of silent loiters m italics is any real! advantage. VIRGIL'S BUCOLICS (0) The Bucolics or Ecloguoa are the earliest of < Virgil's writings, and do not in point either of finish or of power rival his Ooorgics or 'Encid. They are pastoral pieces based on the Idylls of Ihoocntus from which they differ in their artificiality, which we are bound to say make them the more difficult reading. The notion of shepherds, friendly or unfriendly, making; trial of their superiority in an improvisation of fanciful verses is only saved from ridicule by the great though immature genius of the writer. 1 of the thirty pages of text we have ninety per c3 of notes with other thirty four of a vocabulary 1 or informative helps to tyros we have seen nothing superior to those classics. A MONEY MARKET PRIME. (7) Among those engaged in the practical cruel dation of finance as well as in the ranks of those with whom the subject is more or less an academic study, the iiimntiHfiod want of a short work descriptive of the elements that enter into the determination of the value of money in the great market of the world has long been matter of surprise Illaro are numbers of heavy and repellant treatises to be found at any book- stall, where there are also not a few small worker intended to bridge over the technical ditll gullies of beginners. In writing his primer and Loy to the exchanges, however, Mr. George Clara line confined himself on the one hand to easily understood observations upon the causes responsible for all ordinary financial phenomena met with from year's end to year's end, and on the other is so far removed from His general run of brokers or bunkers' " assistants," or technical expositors, as to be quite interesting The first portion is devoted to a lucid description of the Bank of England, its influence upon British finance, and the manner in which the bank rate fluctuates. The foreign exchanges are also dealt with, and some interesting chapters on the open market fill up the volume Mr Clara leads the reader pleasantly from the Government debt to " continues," and thoroughly succeeds in his attempt " to present in brief compass and in plain anarchical language a general view of the London money market " The book is clinched by numerous illustrative diagrams, and should be read by ivory banker, financier, and public man desiring to possess at least an elementary knowledge of one of the great factors in the network of commerce (111 Hi Town 1 tim Wake, Last of the I English By Charles Kit KSIUJ Mona III Macmillan and Co Drab him With, II, Ten men and Co , IHM H) M a million a on less School Classes Moll are I s 1 it leaves Hltllculim ' with Introduction and full by (1 1 Ubouu 1 instincts rule of Westminster-hall JO! Drill to" Watton, I notice, an 1 to 1911 in Mc Millan j The mob has Ungi for Children (Primary s m t ' Idyll fierce 1 musical, with the gallant! lives! in Watson Ferguson and Co 141 li) ' Vlnciiilllin u Mimuntary ClaEslia I' Vergilt Masonic II i lies By 1 1 I UKO M A »Itlivoeflbu liry thrill o j Watson lerkUJOii, and co , TRUE 17) A Money Market Primer and Kay to His Ex has 11. with dluKraiim By George Clare Lilian Linford in Wilson, and Co 