LONDON TABLE TALK. [From our Special Correspondent] London, May 1,1891. "The great Taciturn," as the Germans admiringly christened Yon Moltke, remained the same to the end. He was silent at the zenith of his glory, he remained silent in the presence of Ins only conqueror, Death. The aged field marshal frequently expressed a desire to die swiftly, painlessly, and in silence. Providence granted the prayer. Without ' illness or more than a moment's mental weakness he passed suddeuly into eternity. All Friday the count was as usual. He went to the offices of the general staff in the morning and discussed with charac teristic acumen the pLuiti for the fortifica cation of Heligoland. In the afternoon he attended the sitting of the Prussian. Diet, and walked briskly home. At the family dinner or supper the old soldier told the ]>arty that a man liad sent him a paper tin winch he calculated that Yon Moltke's birthday had never fallen on a Sunday from the day upon, which he wa« born iv 1800 till his last or JWth birthday. "If I were superstitious,"' said he, little think ing tliat two hours hence he would be lying stark and cold, " I might believe 1 liad seen my last birthday." After supper there was the regular game of whist. Once or twice the field-marshal sighed and said he wasn't feeling very well. " Then," said his son," " well leave off, and Dress ier shall give us a little music. We cm listen here." But Count Yon Moltke replied Luigluugly, "II I do nut go into the l-oom with him he won't play." These may be re garded as the last words this great man. ever spoke. He left the room for ;i moment, his nephew hearing a groan fol lowed. The count was leaning against the door post insensible. In half an hour Imgiied «|uietly on his .small camp bed stead. Yon Moltke was liald, aud with out his wig his head precisely resembled Julius Caesar's. This is particuA-ly notice able now he lies in the death sleep. The £mperor was for a moment half stunned hy the suddenness of the catastrophe. He was shooting at Eisenach, but returned at once to Berlin, and spent half an hour in the death clumber alone. Ills Majesty*; exuberant eulogium on Yon Jloltke though heartfelt, compares oddly with our Queen's invariably well-expressed :tnd restrained phrases under similar circumstances. Deeply moved, the Emperor s«es his aged hero, his faithful friend, torn from his side. " May his memory be honored, may he live on through all time indelible in the page of history. Till liis last breath he served me and my illustrious house in. modest .-injpb'city, in unselfish fulfihnent of .duty, and unchanging faithfulness." In this last sentence some- people profess to see a ;-lap at Bismarck. Whist was essential to Yon Moltke's night's rest, and he played it eren on the tve of momentous battles. Last Friday the count wound up bis final game on earth by winning the 13 tricks of the rubber each and all hjm^lf, At this rare result the old man,, though com plaining of indigestion, chuckled. Here are some stories of the deceased collated from the obituary notices :— On the occasion of Count Moltke's 90th birthday a Viennese educational society had the good idea to ask a number of eminent men who had attained a "ripe old age"- as to the bestr way to grow old. Fourteen men, whose combined ages amounted to 1,100 years, answered the ({uestions put to them, and of these answers the L nipsc. interesting were those supplied by Count Moltko. We give the tjsestions, together with the nonagen- I arian's answers, in full:—Youth.—At what age did your schooling begin and how many hours a day-did yea-study.2— In-1808, when X. was eight years old. I learned fear hours a day; after 1810 I f-tudied ten hours every day. Was your health during youth delicate •>r strong? — I was of a tough Jinture. •V-SPeJyou brought up in town or in the country •?—lu the country, up to uiy tenth year. How many hours daily did you spend in the open air? Regu larly/—lrregularly, and only a few hours. Did you have athletic and other piiysical exercises?—No, methodical ones. How many hours did you sleep ?—Ten. Special observations? — Joyless youth, scanty food, away from home. Riper Age.—Did you finish your education in town or in the country I —ln town. How many hours <if mental work daily I —Differed greatly. Do yon attribute a favorable influence on your health to a special manner of living I — Moderation in all habits. Outdoor exercise in all weathers. No day entirely spent indoors. How long did you sleep ?—A3xrat eight hours* on the average. What changes in your daily habits did yon make on the approach of a rij>er age I— -None. How long daily did you work in your 50th, 60th, 70th, and 150 th year ?—That depended on circum- j Maiices; often very long. What were i your recreations ?—-Riding on horseback up to the age of 86. How many hours do you spend in the open air '. —At present half the day ; during the summer on my estate. How long do you sleep ?—Eight liours still. What- arc your habita with regard to taking food t —l eat very little, and substitute concentrated Booriihment. ' To what reason do yon primarily ascribe your healthy old age ? (in which may God long preserve you).—To God's graeeand moderate habits. Among the most interesting of all the stories with which the public was flooded j on the occasion of Moltke's last birthday were those contributed to the SpuJxs- by Herr G. yon Bunsen. Here are one or two of them. -"The scene was one of the hills to the west of Sedan during the afternoon of September JL, 1870. Accom panied by a small retinue of staff officers, Moltke had: sallied forth to find out whether the forces sent at early dawn, one to the right and* one to the left, with a view to encircling the doomed adver sary, had accomplished their task. Nothing was to be_seen. Of _a sudden the figure of a solitary horseman caught their eye conning at full upeed in; a direction somewhat parallel to theirs. It was an officer, who, on recognising the Field-Marshal, turned towards the group to tell his tale—namely, that at uch an hojnr and at such' a place two Oeraian brigades had met each other, one marching from the suoth and the other from the-north. At the general's request he repeated the message, emphasising each word of it. Moltke then was seen taking a pinch of snuff, and, while bowing politely to the enviable messenger of such world-moving- new?, he said, 'Esstammt.' A^inlaro <itakjBslwwtotraroktetheTgTe.it arithmeticixtt'R speech. 'The reckoning iuid come right,' 'the counter- ealcalus Ji-Tced'—iii fact, Michael Cassio liad for once attained the primary and final pur \uv-e of fO. campaign! In his eyes, ap j?irently, battles are foaght in order to (•■it the enemy, nob to flight., but inside a ■ a^e. Sadou-a is slid for this reason never to have satisfied him." HeiT vr.n Bimsen gives another glimpse into Moltke's inner man during the very l::st days after the French proclamation •:" •..■iii-, Avhich discloses a little developed i: i.-nt for banter. A friend of many j.i-j.rs' standnig greets the field"marshal, v. li.-in lie meets sauntering along in the IVhreuKtisi&Mi.; w-ti-Js "You must lie over \,orl:ed indeed :d piesout." "Well, no, I -iDi n>.t," replies Moltke; "the work v.as done beforehand ; all orders are gone ..nt ; 1 have really nothing t-> do." A f«.w minutes later he is stopped in the Kiine street by .a jiwn with whom he has ! ten thrown into business i-ekitinns siuc<2 the purchase (with moneys voted by the l'russian Parliament) of t!ui house and f:?rms of Kreysau. This wholesale dealer is irrepressible. His happiness in. life s*-enis to depend ujvon knowing precisely what hk excellency may think of.thfiiwpwt «f afiaiiK. " Oh,"'fenb«sj&ektiernieI;,'!dy l " ! am 'yiite;siitt'=fies :tVefir.v-ps:t<,,i'nrf( barley, if \i? true, are But midMng; winter rye, however, gives admirable promise, and that you know is die chief thing." It seems a pity that this scene in . the Bchrenstrasse at Berlin in die m-Hitli of July, 1870, cannot be painted. A pretty little story wae told of Count Moltke and a deputation of ladies who cauie to congratulate him on his ninetieth birthday. He had received them very amicably, and talked to them for some tune in his quiet pleasant way, when referring to all the good wishes tliat had been showered upon him he said, " I am almost sorry on noticing all this affection that I am not a. young man again." " How old would you like to be, sir '!" asked one of the ladies. " Well," replied the nonagenarian and smiled, '* If 1 could only be 80 once uiore." Another good story used to be told with grvat glee by the old Emperor William, who prided himself on having discovered Moltke. Due day in the twenties, when he was inserting a Brandenburg regi ment, he was struck by the intelligent ex pression of a tall, spindle-shanked young officer, whom the colonel deseriljed to him, in aii^wer ton question, as "Young Y<?n Moltke, wlui haw cmnti over to us from Demuark." Tiie Emperor continued the story thus:—"A few mouths after wards I received for examination th« written essays of the officers of that regiment. Among I found one on the defence of Copenhagen, the admirable design of which very agreeably surprised me. It was signed ' Helhnuth yon Moltke,' and I at once remembered tJl.lt this officer had attracted my attention at the review. I then studied the essay closely, and handed it, with an autograph remark, to the chief of the general staff, who was induced to summon Moltke to work in that institution. I was thus enabled to smooth the field-marshal's way on his magnificent career." The charge against Captain Verney was again gone into at Bow-street on Satur day. Several witnesses recognised the accused as the person who had engaged houses at Kennington and New Qaebec street, Marjiebone, for Madame Rouillier; and Richard Russell, an ex-shipmate of Verney, described the circumstances under which he came to receive letters for his old captain. The seaman, a bluff honest creature, appears in the first in stance to have swallowed Yerney's assurance that the (jueerly-addressed letters were connected with his Parlia mentary labors. When, however, he read of Miss Baskett's case in the papers he remembered the letters addressed to Vemey as Wilson, and put two aud two together. The. captain at this time sent witness a. cral letter of thanks and a «/«♦«*>«,- of £2. He returned the money vitK an abrupt note. Miss Baskett, recalled, deposed ratheonore fully to the particulars of her meeting with Wilson just outside Captain Vemey's rooms in Bridge-street, Westminster. The witness was walking with her mother at the time and saw Wilson coming, towards them. Loud enough for him xx> hear she said, "Mother, here's that beast Wilson.'" The man paused and op seeing, her mother passed rapidly along. Cross examined by Mr. Wontuer, witness ad mitted that Wilson's worst familiarities in Paris bad consisted of twice trying, to put his arms round her. Rouillier told her .she got the money from Wilson to send witness home with. At Bow-street yesterday Verney was folly committed for trial after the hall potter at the Travellers' Club and a liair dresser in Bridge-street, Westminster, had deposed to receiving letters for him in the ( name of Wilson. The most im portant evidence, however, was tendered by the keeper of a small Paris hotel, or rather house of accommodation. This person first of all identified defendant as the Mr. Wilson for whom she had habitually received letters, and then gave particulars of his visics to her place with Madame Rouillier, against whom she was a witness Last year. The dame furthermore created a pro found sensation liy swearing most posi tively that the defendant had on one oc casion joffered her 100 francs or more if she lilcfd. to act as his intermediary in the pur chase of virgins. She refused, however, to have anytning to '\o with such goings on. A few questions imniyEg the possi fc3ity of an alibi were again put in err**?1?- -examination, and after some demur the lion, member was admitted to bail, two sureties of £2,500 each and himself £5,000. j 0?i dit that, within 24 hours of the con- \ elusion of the Huiibert cisc a gentleman not unconnected with the Government and the Times called on the much injured defendant, and advised him to proceed to the States forthwith and to find Wilfred .Murray. "I should go suou," he said, "aud if (significantly) you foil to discover the rascal it would be unwise to return." Mr. Hurlbert blustered a bit, and turning up at his clubs as usual, endeavored to carry off the situation with characteristic bravado : but it wouldn't do. The best men cut him, and he retreated mortified. In Friday's papers there appeared a letter which lias liit Mr. Hurlbert very hard. It was from the plaintiff, and gave some I account of the manner in which die defendant's case was got up. Miss Evelyn, who it seems is a genuine clergyman's daughter (don't smile), com plains that it is very hard, because she has not always rigidly resisted man's per suasive voice, "that her oath should be treated as of no account, and herself as the scum of the earth." She states that Hurtbert's defence was an absolute sur prise to her counsel, fnot a word having been said of an alibi in the affidavits. Miss Evelyn says: —" In these affidavits not a word was suggested as to mistaken identity or that the real defendant was Mr. Hurlbert's quondam secretary ' Wil frid Murray.' On the contrary, Mr. Oakley Hall, who ought surely to know Mr. Hurlbert's writing perfectly, having been in his employ for many years, nevev mentioned such a person as 'Wilfrid Murray.' But Mr. Oakley Hall went away before the trial, and my sub poena could not be served. From that time detectives were set on my track, who called at my anartnienta, using insulting language. I removed from one place to another like a hunted animal. For months past I have been on my oath, having had to answer the most minute in terrogatories as to dates of promises and intimacy, places of meeting, witnesses, &c.; One affidavit after another was sworn to and filed by me, giving the fullest de tails. Messrs. Lewis obtained an order for discovery of documents, and thus became acquainted with every letter, envelojie, sealj diary, and scrap of paper of any kind in myiios.ses.sion relating in any way to the -owe. Copies of all the letters, 181 in number, were type-written {<>y them at their request, and the French portions, which are considerable, were translated. (These letters were all tliat remained in lny possession, though since my first meeting with 3fr. Jlurlbcrt I have re ceived nearly 400 lettei's from him). Can I any reasonable man suppose that he, the most interested jiarty, knew nothiug about this ? If he were an idiot, inevitable I «<f managing his own nffiiirx, it might be l*lievcd, but he is a clever man, not at all likely to submit blindly to the advice aud guidance <>f others. It is most re jnarkablc that Hie pencilled meinorauda in liis * Murray's Guide,' which was never produced till the third «r fourth day of trial, fchould corresjwmd so exactly to the dntfes 1 had sworn to ui<uiJths previously, and again unshaken in the wiine.ss-h-.tx. Letters were received by' my s- (licit- >r accusing me of perjury and fniud all with the t-Hiiie intent—that of bringing the j ntiiK st pressure in every direction jto stop the action. It is very certain that . liad there been the slightest proof of [)er- I jury or fraud on my put they would have been only too jrlad to proceed .it oiice, •Hid j uierc3<!&slT; l agusn.*--tiu%.'. My les*l advisors, [. Mr. W. XewWiM and Mr. Reynolds, are f men of uhas^iLi≤ b/inor anil perfect *trais£itfor?v.rdnes.-\ Bt4ie\ in^ from the first in the honesty and justice of my rlaini, they remained firm and stanch to the end. The pleadings were so delayed and complicated that the case was pre vented being heard last session as it other wise would have been, but it has been known for months past by all parties con cerned that no further delay could be pos sible, and that the trial most come on early in April. Mr. Lewis served subpoaias nearly three months ago for the witnesses to attend the court on April 7. On my side, owing to the expense involved iv such a course, I was unable to have a discovery of- documents, or to put Mr. Hurlbert under interrogatory. The defence sprung upon me while in the witness-box under cross-examination was a totally different one to that made in reply to my statement of claim, and the denial of identify was an absolute surprise to my counsel, solicitor, and myself. I had never.seen any of the documents pro duced liefore. Mr. Hurlbert, not ljemg bound down by affidavit, interrogatory, and discovery, as 1 was, could freely in troduce fiimi time to time during the trial any. paper or letter obtained, no matter how or when, to uphold his case. The fact is, Mr. Hurlbert and liis astute lawyers imagined that his vastly superior wealth and influence would beat me out of the iield long ere the trial began. With regard to the envelope in my handwriting addressed to Mi's. Hurlbert, I liad for gotten, the incident, and liad not an opportunity of explaining afterwards. I have never in my life written to tliat grievously- injured lady, nor, is it so alleged even by the 'chivalrous' Attorne y The envelope was addressed by me at, Mi1. Hurlbert's own request. I always thought, until the early part of 1890 that Mrs. Hurlbert was the aged relative who resided with him, and at whose death he hoped to inherit a fortune." The epidemic known as Russian in fluenza has been raging in the north with, unexampled fury, and seems now to have seized on London. Sheffield appears to be specially seriously attacked. Thou sands are down with the complaint, and week there were no fewer than 50 dcathsintlictownalonefromit. Tocoinjirc liend what this means I must explain tliat though the epidemic was severely felt in Sheffield last year there were oiuy 14 deaths in the twelvemonth from it. The local death-rate now works out t-> the alarming figure of 57*5 per 1,000. A lad of 16, named Christopher Rich mond, .recently charged Mr. Charles Allan Fyffe, M.A., the well known historian and Liberal candidate for Guildford, with attempting to commit a criminal assault in a railway carriage. On being admitted to bail Mr. Fyffe went home, and ob serving that his innocence was of no om sequence as to have such a charge brought at all was lifelong disgrace, attempted to commit suicide. Fortunately, the poor man did not succeed, and will, it is hoped, recover. His case has attracted consider able sympathy, and may lead to its being made a penal offence to publish names in t>ueb> cases until after conviction. The autumn melodrama at Drury Lane will be "Formosa," with Mrs. Langtryas the fair but. frail Anonyma. What a sensational discussion this piece provoked when it first came out. Ladies of easy virtue were not considered permissible on the stage in those days, and the realistic scene representing Formosa's villa at Twickenham called forth howls of horror from the Steads of the period. Adelaide Keilson was asked to act Formosa, but neither die nor any of the other available "stars" cared to risk such a role, aud K^tjierine Rodgers, an experienced pro vincial actress, ultimately created the part. The play was a success, and ran a long- time for those days. Arthur Cellier is hard at work on the score of Sims & Petutt'n "Black eyed Susan" comic opera, the libretto of which was complete a year ago. It will not improbably go to the Savoy. "The Kautdi Girl " was to have taken the place of "The Gondoliers1' this week, but it seems to have come to grief in rehearsal. Both " The Rocket" at Terry's aud " The Volcano" at the Court <iisn?>utsir from the bills tiiis week. Mrs. Juo. \?o.v! will produce Fred. Homer's version of " Feu- TonpiEsl" next Wednesday. It is tt> be called "The Late Lamented," and pro mises, I am told, extremely well. Ibsen's " Hedda Gabler" proved «i far more sictable play tlian either •• Ros niensholni" or "Ghosts." Sonic of the critics indeed who went to the Vaudville last week to curse were forced to bless a bit, but this was owing cliiefly to Mass Elizabeth Robins's superb " Hedda." I am told you people know far more alwut Ibsen than we do, and that therefore it would be superfluous to detail the story of this play. 1 confess I thought it all rather nasty myself, morbidly clever though much of the dialogue is. In the evening we went to " Olivia," which ?ceined like a breath of fresh country air after the foetid gas and patchouli of Mistress Gabler. The new version of "Belpbegor,"' now called "The Acrobat," appears to liave struck oil at the unlucky Olympic. Wilson Barrett is- always at his )>est in ro mantic characters, and the part of the juggler just fits brother George. The piece has been divided into four acts, and the masquerade scene is much elaborated. I hear that a song called "Douglas Gordon," which is not new, has sprang at a bound-into popularity. If you do not already know it you should try it over. Mark Anibrent's comedy, "The Anonymous Letter, 1' in which Nellie Farren was to have created the principal role, will now be performed at the Lyric Theatre on Tuesday afternoon next under W. H. Vemon's direction. Fanny Brough is to assume the character in tended for Miss Farren. The Lvdgctte Monthly, a new three penny magazine on much the same lines as the .Stiwirf, looks as though it might do. The initial issue contains 14 well writtenand attractively-illustrated articles, including stories by Rudyard Kipling, Jno. Augustus O'Shea, Ida Lemon, and Florence Marryat, and papers on '* Darkest London," " Days Gone Bye," and other popular subjects by James Greenwood, C. R. Barrett, and H. L. Heat ley. There is also a song by the great Wcathcrby (whose unchangeable charge for a ballad is £20), with music by Harry May. Kipling's contribution will pro bably lie condemned as scarcely worthy the author of "Plain Tales," and yet "The Last Relief" is a powerful piece of word painting. Once again, as in "Only a Subaltern," we are shown the steaming j plains of India, during a hot season of pes j tilence. The clwlera is devastating the J country. KhgUslimen are dying on all sides daily, and the Government is at its v its' end how to fill up the vacancies till the autunui drafts arrive. After an appalling vxpeiience 'of eleven months' fever and pressure young Haydon of Girdhauri's holiday comes round, and he hies him to [ tlie lulls. At Simk he finds rest and j itimit-emeut, and the pink blotches of I prickly heat fade from his body. Hay , don has just fallen in love, and is eujoy- I ing life intensely when an unexpected j blow falls. Keyte, the young man's sueci-SKor at Girdliauri, is dead—dead fmm the liuat, t!ic fever, and the over jmssure, and Haydon is ordered to rctnni at oiiee to that hell upon <-iirth. "Haydon said nothing, because (Ik.sc who govvni India obey the law. He lo>ked (it was evening) at the line of siuiliushed snows 40 miles to the east and at the palpitating heat haze of ! (lie j.biijis fifty miles to the west; and liis ! heart sank. He wished to stay in Simla !to continue Iris wooing, and he knew too I wt-H the fonnenrs that were in store ! for him in Oinlbauri. His nerve was ' broken. The coolness, the dances, tho j dinners that were to conic? the scent <.f she Shu!* pints and • the wood -1 smoke, the cantor of horses' feet on the I crowded i!i«U, turned his heart to water. Ho could have wv-jrt, passionately^ lik« a little cluld, for his lost holiday and. bte lobt love, and, like a little child baulked of its play, he became rilled with cheap spite that can only hurt the owner. The men at the club were sorry for him, but he did not want to be condoled with. He was angry aud afraid. Though he recog nised the necessity of the injustice that had been done to him, he conceived that it could all be put right by yet another injustice, and then . . and then somebody else would have to do his work, for he would be out of it for ever. He reflected on this while he was hurrying down the hillsides after a lust interview with the pretty girl to whom he had said nothing that was not commonplace and inconclusive. This last failure made him the more augiy with himself, and tho spite and the rage increased. The air grew warmer and warmer as the cart rattled down the mountain road, till at last the hot stale stillness of Hie plains closed over his head like heated oil, and he gasped for breath among the dry date-palms at Kalkft. Then. mine the long level ride into Uuiballa, the stench of dust which breeds despair, the lime-washed walls of Umballa station, hot to the hand, though it was 11 at night, the greasy rancid meal served by the sweating servants, the badly trimmed lamps in the oven-like waiting-room, and the whining of innumerable mobquitoes. That night, he remembered, there would be :i dance at Simla. He was a very weak mail." Haydon commits suicide by throw ing himself before the express at Umballa, and that night liis ghost haunts Haincr ton (the official chief) as he sits in his lonely office at Simla listening to the heavy swish «f a rainstorm. "Orderly." said Hainerton. He fancied that he heard somebody moving about the rooms. There was no answer except a deep-drawn breath at the door. It might come from a panther prowling about the verandahs in search of a pet dog, but panthers generally snuncd in a. deeper key. This was a tliick, gasping breath, as of one who had Iwen running swiftly or lay in deadly pain. Hainerton listened again. There certainly was somebody moving alwut the Foreign Office. He c.mld liesu- Ijoiinls- creaking in far-off rooms, aud uncertain steps on the rickety staircase. .Since die clock luutkod close u]>ou midnight no one had a right to be in the office. Haniertou liad picked up the lamp, aud was going to make a search, when the steps and the heavy breathing came to the door again, and stayed. " Who's there V said Hanierton. " Come in \" Again the heavy breathing, and a thick, short couglu " Who relieves Haydon ?" said a voice outside. " Haydon ! Hiiydon ! Dying at Umballa. He-cant go till he is relieved. Who relieves Haydon <" Hanierton dashed to the door and opened it, t<>: find a stolid messenger from the telegraph office, breathing through his nose, after the manner-of natives. The man held out a telegram, "I could not find the room at first," he said. "Is there an answer i" The telegram states tliat Haydon lies dying at Umballa. But still the voice continues, " Haydou '. Haydon: Who relieves Haydon i He must not go till he's relieved. Uaydon! Dying at Uuiballa. For I'ity s sake be quick :' Hamertoii thought for a minute of the pitifully short roster of men available, and answered quietly, "Flint, of l>egauri." Then pud not till then did his hair, begin to rise on his head,.and Hamcrton, Secre tary to the Government, neglecting die lamp and the lapel's, went very quickly from the Foreign Office into the cool, wet nighti I almost forgot to mention that Phil }fay is editor of the L??bjnk Monthly. Walter Besniit has written a short Jstory for thje June issue. Th«re was no secret made about the high trial which Common won from Gone XJoou and Orion at Kingsclere last week in the presence of Lord Alington, the Prince of "Wales, aud Sir Frederick John fctone. Porter told everyone that unless .Gouvemeur aud Peter Flower were much, better hoii>es thau the average classic C''ijjj>etitors his dark cole would about take the Tuo Thousand. Nevertheless the public could not stand Common. *' ?VJip ever heard of a horse with sneh a mui£ i winning ?'' asked the superstitious, .whilst) experts did not like the colt's ap pcan^ce. In consequence Lord Aling iun rs representative (despite being No. 1 ?? the card) declined from 7 to 9 to I before the start. Gouveroeur was "red .Uot"' at 6 to 4 (takeu freely), and Peter Flower found plenty of friends at threes. Then came Orvieto at oto 1, CuttJetetone at 100 to 8, Cleator at 40 to 1, Bagimunde at SO to 1; and iiousseau at 100 to L For lialf a mile the nine com petitors seemed from the stand to race absolutely in line. Then Rousseau "cracked,"'and at the sis-furlongs post the favorite proved himself a true son of the non-staying Energy by rapidly com pounding. Peter Flower then raised hopes 'for a moment; but Lord Durham's representative ivas almost immediately headed by Common. George Barritt had indeed an easy ride, for this dark son of Iscnomy strode to the front without an effort and won in a common canter by three • lengths. Orvieto just defeated Peter Flower by a head f«?r second place. Then came 6t. Simon of the Rock fourth aud Cuttlestone fifth. 