A SltUGGaoL FEAT.-Chi0ago ad vices say that an adventuress, best known as Mrs. Olivia Yancy, though she has appeared under numerous aliases, is wanted by the police in that city, having disappeared with dia monds to the value of 80,000dol. which she hnd smuggled, and upon which dealers in Chicago had advanced 10,000dol. Mrs. Yanoy's method of smuggling was the most novel on record. She was a lady of striking appearance, being always dressed in deep mourning, while her pale hand some face and white hair made an unusual contrast to her sable gown. In the spring.of last year she landed in New York with a Mongolian hold ing a grey pelican by a light gold chain. As Mrs. Yanoy was appar ently a lady of wealth nothing was thought of her strauge pot 'and its. keeper, and as pelicans are not upon the tariff-lists she was allowed to pass. Since that time the lady has crossed the Atlantic many times, and always carried her pelican with her. On Tuesday last she arrived as usual with the bird, and, having passed the un suspicious customs officials, called a carriage and drove away. Since then she has not been hoard from. It now appears that Mrs. Yanoy was a diamond smuggler, and that the precious stones she brought into the country upon each trip were concealed in the enormous bill of the pelican. On October 6th the bird carried 80,000dol. worth of diamonds, being a portion of an order of a Chicago house through a firm of New York importers who claim to have been ignorant of the manner in which the stones were brought into the country. The Chicago house had advanced 10,000dol. upon the diamonds, and were to have paid the remaining 20,000dol. on delivery. The police are now actively searching for the lady and her pelican. TnE Loco WEED.-It is, reported that the loco weed hhs found its way to Australia from America. The loco weed is to vegetation what the rattle. snake is to animal life. The name comes from the Spanish and signifies insanity. It is a dusky green and grows in small bunches, and scatters itself in a sparse and meagre way about the country- It is a sort of vegetable nomad and travels about not a little. Localities where it this season flourishes in abundance may not see any of it next year, nor indeed for a number of years to come. The prime property of the loco is to pro duce insanity in men and animals who partake ofit. Animals-mules, horses, sheep, and cattle-avoid it naturally and under ordinary ciroumstaucco never touch it. But in the winter, when an inch or two of snow has covered the green grasses, these green bunches of loco standing clear above the snow are tempting baits to' animals. Even then it is not com mon for them to oat it. Still some do and it at once creates an appetite in the victim similar in its intense force to the alcohol habit in mankind. Once started on the downward path of loco, a mule will abandon all other kinds of feed and look for- it. In a short time its offeots become perfectly apparent. You will see a loooed mule standing out in the shadowloes plains, with not a living moving thing in his vicinity. His head is drooping and his eyes half closed. On the instant he will kick and thrust out his heels in the most warlike way. Under the influence of loco he sees himself surrounded by multitudes of threaton-. ing ghosts and is repelling them. The mind of the animal is completely gone. Ho cannot be driven or worked because of his utter lack of reason.-Exehange.. Dr. Kenoon-" Wo physicians can't encourage businoss as you tea-dealers can, by offering presents to every buyer of tea." Biftings (the tea dealer)-" Oh, I don't know. You might offer a cemetery lot or a rose wood coffin to every patient who buys -10 worth of medical advice." Dootor-" Well, how do you fool to-day ?" Patient-" I fool as if I had boon dead a week. Doctor " Hot-oh ?" A Great Drawback.-Every silver lining has its cloud. You can't earn a half-dollar without working for it. " This bank has toppled over as I feared it would." "What was the causo P" " It lont its balance." 