A HAUNTED MAN. Br AiFtio S. BuitSAGE. ^???g^pced life as clerk to a firm of well- j ^^^^^^^BttT solicitors, with the hope that I ^^^^^^Voay be articled and get through ^^Hn!.,' and start on my own account. ^^Hn days lawyer's clerks were permitted to ^HPRSar before the magistrates in trivial 'cases, Bud my face soon became pretty well known at w the police-court of N ? . I must decline to give the name of the place and the name of the principal character of this story, for niany and obvious reasons — one being that it is no wish of mine to harrow up the feelings of any lela tWe he may have left behind. Messrs. Parche and Ferritt, my employers, were entrusted with many criminal cases — in- deed half the briefs daring session and aaalze times were prepared by them. It was part of my duty to take down the preliminary state ments of prosecutors and defendants, and to fish oat cases to be cited either in support or extenuation of the various offences. Mine was not always pleasant work. Sometimes I had to listen to a tearful woman who had scraped up a little money to defend en erring son (a remark of one of these poor creatures became indelibly fixed on my mind — 'Ah, bit,' she said, ' when that lad was young, he wearied my arm, and now he hai broken my heart') ; % at others I had to take notes from the rasping voice of some ballet-headed, frowning rascal who expected a ' stretch,' but wished it to be as short as possible. The com and cattle market day at N ? was always a busy one. People poured into the city from all parts of the county, and gave us plenty to think about and do at the office. Parche and Ferritt departed in company as early as possible for the seaside to recruit their mental -and physical strength, the junior clerks went their several ways, and I, whose duty it was to lock up the office, and see that all was well, remained behind to work out some knotty point on the law of trespass, which was then bothering my mind. The desks were (urzounded with green rep curtains, hung upon rings, so as to_be moved one way or the other, and I was poring over a law book, when I thought I heard the rings jingle slightly. I pnt the sound down to the effect of a cur rent of air, as no footfall had announced that anybody hadeatered the office, and I did sot even take the trouble to raise my head. Bat suddenly I started as a- voice said : 'I beg your pardon; can I have a, few words ?withyonr** Looking up, I saw the face of an aged and grey-haired man. The gaslight shone full upon Sis features, and I noticed that the muscles were moving as if the *'*' had either been running, or suffered from chronic shortness of breath. 'It is very late,' I replied, 'Messrs. Parche and Ferritt have left, but they will behere early on .Monday morning. Is lite butineas you have ccme upon of a very preadnenatureF' ' Not so much, yon might think; and if I had written a note, it would have, answered the same purpose. Yet'— he hesitated for a moment — 'Tat I should like to Bay what I hare to f aynow, and have done Withit.' '.Come «rand,'I «sid,- ''and ait -down; yon look fa&ued.; Why,' -I- *dded, as the whole of his«gnre cams within view, 'it is Mr. Herrard; but I am. sura I did not recog nise you. I suppose I must b'-sme the gaslight fortnat- ^ . ^^ My visitor was a well-known man at N ? , ♦nd he had no common sorts' w - to bear. Some sixteen years previous hif wife had left him in a mysterious manner, and had never been since heard of. Herrard published her description in all the London and local papers, bat in vain, and the supposed basely- deceived hue band became an object of sympathy. His friends told him that he ought to be thankful that there were no children to bear the disgrace of their mother's shame. But a& time went on the affair was forgotten, and William Herrard, a retired jeweller, moved about, receiving so more thought or attention than an ordinary, quietly-disposed man gets, in a busy place. ' I am not much changed either,*' he said, forcing a smile to his thin lips. ' I want to make an appointment for 11 o'clock on Mon day.' 'Where?— here, or at your own residence?' I asked. ' I have business to do at the police-court,' he replied, ' and you will find me there. Ton need not trouble to ask either of your governors to come, as you can take down the statement I nave to make. Did you ever read this book F' He put it down on the desk— dropped it, in fact ; and glandog at the gaudily-illustrated work. I read the title, ' Jlnrder Will Out.' ' No,' I replied ; *' I had little time to read novels. I wish I had. What are yon peeping round the screen for ? There is nothing there. Perhaps you feel a draught, and if so, draw your chair a little further round.' ' I thought I saw ' ? He hesitated, and then, wrenching the chair on one aide ; 'I am getting old and foolish, X think. Of course it is only fancy. I suppose you don't believe in ghosts?' '^' . \- 'Kot-J,' I responded, laughing, and yet feeling a little uncomfortable, without knowing why ; ' and I am sure yon have lived long enough to be of the same opinion.' .'There'* something about a ghost in that look,' he said, tapping it with his forefinger. 't will1 leave it for yen, as X have, read it through. There are many interesting passages in it, and it proves beyond a doobtthat the con science of a guilty man will raise apparitions before his eyes. I have turned down one par ticular leaf. Good-night, and don't forget Mon day morning —eleven o'clock, sharp. Having been a busy man, I am very partic-nlar. about appointments. Could yon * '—again he hesitated in the w»«T,t|pf which I had marked as peculiar — ' give me a glass of water ??? There was a carafe in the waiting-room, and I hurried to fetch it from the table. The room was in darkness, and, as I turned, I saw William Herraxd gliding round the desk, and thought that he was coiring to meet me. But his eyes had a strained and far-away ex pression, and his lips were moving, as though .addressing: somebodv. 'Mr. Herrard,' I said,' sharply, as I con fronted him, flags in hand, *' you are not quite yourself to-night, and I adviie jou to go iome.' He swept his hand across his brow as he looked at me, and I saw that his face was damp -Kith clammy perspiration. 'Come,' I added, 'you must have had something to upset you to day, or you wonid not behave like this. I begin to think that you must have been too long in the company of some of your old friends, the farmers.' ' Perhaps — very likely,' he muttered, taking the glass and emptying it greedily ; ' but I know what I am about and what I am saying. Mind, eleven o'clock on Monday morning, sharp — and you trillbe there too.' ' Humph !' thought I, as I went back to the desk, 'Herrard'a been worshipping Bacchus to-day. Bother the man! he has quite put me off my work.' And neither work nor read could I, though I strove my hardest to do so. The words swam under my eyes ; when I picked up a pen it slipped from my fingers, and I caught myself at the trick of glancing up at the curtain, ex pecting not to see the face of Herrard there, tut another's. Out of patience with myself, I flung ' Murder Will Oat' under the desk, tacked my law-books and papers under my arm, and went home, thinking that Ichoold get along better after tea and a n&p.; But I grew worse instead of better. I paced the room and fidgetted about until I thought that I was going to be ill. Tie ticlongof the clock, annoyed me, and I stopped it The eyes of the portrait of some relation of my landlady's eeemed to follow me about, until I had to gffltrfiin myself from umaahingit ; and at last I pnt on my hat, determined to go to the theatre ssd shake off the unaccountable sensations vrluch assailed me. The piece was of the gloomiest character, per formed by nnhappv-tooking men and women, who Beamed determined to put the wont con struction on the parts allotted to them. The leading tragedian, a stage villain of the worst deeree, revelled in the horrors he had to com mit; the despairing heroine shiieked with xeUfHc terror ; and even the inevitable low ooftwttiu had something blood-curdling to aay. At the end of the second act I went oat, dis epintedand disgusted, calling myself a fool for nothaving noticed that the playha] announced ' The HanEinnn of Toulon,' and passed into « supper room, where I hoped to meet with aomebody I knew who would cheer me up with a chat. I called for a steak, which I could not eat, and a pint of stout, which was sound and good enough, but to my palate was as bitter as galL People came and went, but none of my ac fnsntamcea. Melancholy had claimed me for its own, and I went home the most miserable and dejected man within the city walls. I asked myself the reason a hundred times, bat could find no solution to the question: andasin bed X tossed and tumbled, I cursed Herrard, his appointment with me, his fancies, and the book he had brought to the office. ' But I am the greatest idiot,' I said. ' If X wen a child with some tragic story fresh in my mind, I might behave myself like this ; but ' Ij who have seen the Beamy side of life in al most every phase, and taken everything as a f-.t+OT of course, ought to have my head punched.' Then there arose before me many a form and face I had seen standing in the dock. Sullen murderers, felons with crime stamped upon their brows, women shrieking for mercy, women fainting in the arms of the warders, mere lads clinging to the rail and panting like dogs as juries returned from their deliberations, aaj criminals so familiar, alas, with the routine of prison life that they heard their sentences snmpved, and went to their punishment with ai little emotion as honest folk go to their daily toiL Bat foremost of all these, forms was that of William Hertard. It stood out from the rest, and refused to be dismissed. There it was, ever pressing its way to the front, now near the window, now near the doer, and then leaning ?over the bed-rail and regarding me pensively. I believe that I skoald have gone mad if I US Iain in bed throughout that awful night. I rose about two in the morning, lighted the candles, and, taking t:p a book, forced myself to read until the sun dispersed the shadows of the eight, and awoke all nature to life and ! activity. With the freshening breeze the ! flowers shook the dewdropsfrom their drooping heads, and the birds eaug so blithely that I called n- jself doubly a fool for allowing fancies to oppress me. ' The fact is,' said I, as I splashed about like a porpoise in my ' tub,' ' I must get out of the place for to-day at least. A longnunble on the seaBhore will do the trick, and make a new man of me.' Dressed again, and after a somewhat hurried breakfast, I took the first train to T ? . The carnages were crowded with jaded folks, who drank m the pure country air as if it were nectar : and when at last the journey came to an end, it was a treat to see the happy faces of the people as they made for the long stretch of golden strand, which was for ever re-echoing the unceasing voice of the ocean. I had not gone far before I descried the figure of a man a long way ahead on a deserted por tion of the beach. He stood out in bold, sil houette relief against the deep-blue sky, and though he was iully half a mile from me, I could see that he was walking restlessly up and down, with his head bowed, and his arms hang ing listlessly at his side. I put him down to be a convalescent who preferred solitude to the society of pleasure seekers; bat suddenly I stopped, and with feelings I cannot describe— the man was no other than William Herrard ! It was, to say the least, a strange coincidence that I should find him here; but he did not seem to think so, for, seeing me, he advanced quietly until we stood face to face. '1 came down by the midnight train,' he said, quietly, ' and I hare been waiting for you here. I knew that I would see you.' 'You knew that you would see me?' I gasped. ' Yes, I dreamt it. I saw yen coming to meet me as plainly as I see yon now that yon are here. 1 don't think you could have Jcent awayhau you tried.' . - - n j ' WeM,' said I, laughing in spite 'of myself, 'all I can tell yon is that it was not until five o'clock this morning that I made up my mind to go anywhere.' '.'That may be so,7' he returned, 'but fate is fate, and ft is not in the power of man to escape from his destiny even in trivial things. I have no wiah to detain you— indeed I wish to be alone. Under any other tircumstanors I would ask you to dine with me, bat you would not care to think you had sat at the same table with me, and yon will know the reason why to-morrow.' I was more convinced than ever that the poor old man was going out of his mind, and did not care to leave him, as I caught him looking at tho sea in a manner that suggested to my mind that the temptation need not be great to make him plunge headlong into the billows. ' You had better come with me,' I said. 'Lower down the beach there are plenty of faces famflisT to you. And! tell .you .what it is,' I United out, ' you ought to see a doctor, ' and not go prowling about away from every body as if yon had committed a murder.-' ' He put out his hand as if to dutch my wrist, but turned upon his heel and w&ttea;/miBJy. away, leaving me, as it were, rooted to the earth. .. ? -. - - ' '' ? \- 1 wished now from the bottom of my heart that I had not set foot in Y ? , and, as for William Herrard, I muttered some unkind things~aboat him as I returned to the busy part of the beach and shook off the chagrin I felt by TTmlring some casual acquaintances, and dis cussing the ordinary topics of the day. Night found me back at if ? , and, let me confess it, the wretched hours I had previously spent caused me to sot onafi additional night cap, in the form of a stiff glass of whisky and water. My slumber was dreamless and sound, and I awoke in better spirits and with a lighterheart. I had not been long at the office before I re ceived a telegram from my employers, stating that they would not put in an appearance until noontide, and requesting me to look after sundry little matters within reach of my legal knowledge. At half-past 10 1 pot some papers together with the view of calling upon another solicitor on the way to the Guildhall. As I was arrang ing the documents in the proper order, the door opened noisily, and in walked Inspector Atkins. ' I have just stepped down,' he said, ' to say that William Herrard wishes to see you at once.' ' Mr. Herrard,' I replied, with emphasis on the prefix, ' has already made an appointment with me for II o'clock.' ' I beg your pardon, sir.' he saul, 'but we generally call prisoners by their names only.' 'Prisoners !' The papers fell in a disordered heapupon the floor. 'YeSjSir. Herrard gave himself up an hour ago, ana he stands charged, on his own con fession, with having murdered his wife sixteen years ago on this very date.' ' Oh, nonsense !' said I. ' Mr. Herrard is not himself. He called here on Saturday even ing, and I saw him at Y ? yesterday, and on both occasions I was struck by the strangeness of his manner. I think, Mr. Atkins, that a, medical man had better see him instead of myself.' ' I am only obeying orders,' the inspector replied, i'and, of course, yon win do as yon please with regard to seeing him. HespoVe rationally enough when he came to the station, bat said that he desired to make a more lengthy statement to you, the representative of his legal advisers.' ' Very well,' I said. ' I suppose I must humour him, though he is mad beyond a donbt. Look here, Mr. Atkins, you had tetter place a man within easy call of the cell, as the 'poor old man's delusions may cause him to flv into a frenzy, and I have no desire to be seized by the throat, or anrining of that kind. I will go with you at once, and get this disagreeable job over.' Inspector Atkins smiled at my request, as I was a broad-shouldered, strong young fellow, who had held my own in boxing, boating, and swimming. Few were the words exchanged between us on the way to the station, where I asked tosee William Herrard's confession. It was simple enough, taken down at his own dictation, and ran as follows : — ' I, William Herrard, of S ? street, K ? , do hereby de clare that on the morning cf Mondiy, 20th July, 185—, I did kill my wife Henrietta, and that since the committal of the deed I have known neither rest nor peaceof mind, her form having ever been before me, asleep or awake. (Signed) William Heuraed.' ' There,' said I, pointing to the last words of the confession, ' it does not need a wise head to tell that *h- unfortunate man is not in a proper state of mind. He, Mr. Herrard, commit murder ! The idea is too ridiculous to entertain for a moment. When I was quite a boy, I remember Mrs, Herrard, and she was very kind to me ; bnt I fear that the reports which were circulated about her were only too true. Well' — sighing—' let me see him.' The chief constable had been hastily sum moned to the station, and he, calling the gaoler, escorted me to the cell. The dim light struggling through a small barred window near tiie ™»'ing fell upon William Herrard. Henad Hiked to 'be supplied with writing »n-itoi»l« and a small table, and he was bo busy with the fen that he seemed unaware of my presence until the chief co&s;&ble; informed him of the fact. ' Mr. Hitching!),' he Baid, petulantly, ' (here is a sounding-board over f£e cell door, oaS I wish it to be taken down. It is not fair that your men Bhonld have the opportunity of hear ing the conversation which will pass between this pentieman end myself.' ' Yon shall have your own way,'' the chief constarle replied, ' although it is rather out of order.' ' Out of order, when I intend to give instruc tions for by defence!' . 'j)h, come,' thought!,' this is better. He is coining round to his senses, and has repented of bis folly already.' The sounding-board was lifted down from the chaini which held it at an angle, and I was alone with the self -charged prnoner. 'Are you sure,' be said, 'that nobody ii lorterins about outsider* ' Quite,' I replied, sitting down on atench that ran along the wall and did duty for a bed. 'I thought you would have been satisfied with the removal of tiie sounding-board.' 'So I am,' he responded, 'but only to a certain extent. These officials have sharp ears, and know howtoase them. I nave given myself op, but I am an old man, and although I wished to be punished for my crime, I should like it to be reduced to manslaughter. I did not start life as a bad man, and I don't want to be hanged like a dog. Let me have a few years of repentance in some place where I am paying an extreme penalty. Liberty is a curse to me; I don't de*erve to be free among honest men. Let them chain me, starve me if they will ; but don't let them cany me to the scaffold. lam an old man, a very old man, and my punish ment has been more than I can bear under the sunlight and amid the haunts of men.' He buried his face in his hands for a few moments, and then rising suddenly, went to the door and listened. ' You think me mad,'' he continued, as he returned to the table, ?' and I have been mad; bat I am sane now. If your eyes were open, as mine are, you would faint with horror at the sight that is before me.' I turned cold, shuddered, and glancing in stinctively at the door, wished myself well on the other side of it 'Henrietta and I were ai -matched,' he resumed. 'We had not been married many months before I knew that she loved the money I had slaved for, and not myself. ' Her heart was in the keeping of another man, who left the country on the very day that I put the wedding ring on her finger. We had many quarrels, and daring one the told me to my face that her friends had per suaded her to marry me, but that her life was a curse and misery to her, since our union hod driven the only man she bad cared for across the seas. ' I stoad staring at her as she made this con fession, with every drop of blood tingling in my veins. I did not speak, my throat eeemed to have doled up, and I breathed with so much difficulty that I knew my face was taming | blacV, ana that the veins upon my brow were standing out like whipcord. '?'So,' 1 contrived to articulate at last, 'you married me for my money, that I might help your poverty-stricken fiienis, that they might clothe and better themselves upon my gold?' ' ' Your money !' the cried, contemptuously. ' I hate it, and loathe the very food it bays. You shall see, William Herrsrd, that I can be careful, and return to you, with full interest, such sums as you may think you have lent or given my people.' 'She was as gocd as her word. Her first act was to dismiss the servant, her second to cut down expenses, until we existed like people who live from hand to mouth. No luxury that I ever brought home would she ever touch, and at last the gulf between us was so wide that we spoie to each other only when absolutely necessary. ' It is' a miserable story, and I see by your face that you think it a contemptible one. So it is. But consider what it is for man and wife to be continually at variaucs with each other. Love flown, no harmony of spirit or idea, no smile of welcome. Heaven knows, it is a cruel wrong that such people should ever meet. 'Time went on. I absented myself some times for days together, going where sudden impulse prompted me, and praying that one or the otbei of as might die, for fife was unbear able — cold, cruel, and hopeless. 'One day, after such a journey, I returned to my miserable house. I had a duplicate key, and after pausing in the garden to look at a well I had ordered to be bricked in, and which the men had just commenced', I let myself in. 'My wife was absent, and I thought that she might have gone to her frejnds, as she some times did, without consulting me. Suddenly my eyes were attracted to some fragments of paper lying in the grate, and for the want of something'to do, I picked them up. and began putting them together, just as a little child will play aimlessly with the pieces of a puzzle it does . not understand. * ' -j ?.- 'By degrees I made--mt;a7 word'here.-andj 'there, and then a Une^ llieletter was Irominy wife's first sweetheart, and if ever -a man ' m» rwf then, I was that man. I was drank, with madness and the thought of revenge. ?? . . ~ ' 'I gloated over the thought of meeting her, and I raved, shouted, and danced, I believe, in my deliriim. Night came, but Henrietta, did nnt- prmduvr^ ^nA if. ,T»B pffl ipnffl ft }Pfa frnnr_ that I heard the garden gate open. I flew out' of the house to meet her, and as we stood face to face, one bitter word escaped my lips. . ''It is fajse!' she replied; 'the man you speak of has taught me a lesson which I intend to take to the heart. Yon have not read the letter. Oh, William, keep those awful eyes from me; you look like a fiend V ''And a fiend you have made otnie,' I said, seizing her by the throat. 'Thougt'you have been nojftife to me, you shall not make your self infamDus with my paltry rivat* ' ''For love of- the mercy that comes from heaven,' she cried, 'letmespeak. Dpn'^killme William! Don't kiU me'' ... .... ' * Down there, and tell your lying story ;' I hissed, pushing her over the brink of the well. . 'ii heard only .oee cry, for I etoppfed myears to .the awful sdvnfls which I knew mast follow, as* the well wzs more thin a hundred feet deep, and its dtirayeA michinEry had fallen into the black ^,-it long Veiore I toc-k the -house. . - , ? ' I ran from the accursed. «pot,'followed by her spectre. I was mad, but calmly mad, and from that moment started making inquiries of her whom I had- killed. First I went to her friend's housp, and sleinly demanded my wife. rhoy told me she had started hours before, and I went to the police station -this very one — and made inquiries. The citvwaB scoured through out the night, all the next dav, and on the following one a dozen advertisements stated that if ' Henrietta Herrard would return home, her husband was willing to receive her, and to forget and forgive.' 'This disarmed suspicion, and thoueh the -detectives visited my place, they never thought fit to examine the well. I showed one or.- two fragments of the letter from abroad, and they came to the conclusion that my wife had quitted the country. But the rest of the letter I kept. The man whom I thought I had ttery reason to hate had tcriUcn to say that he ices hiatdf married, and hoped that my trife teas happy tcitn me. ' The workmen came and bricked in the well. They whistled and sang as they toiled, little dreaming of what was deep down, shut from their eyes. 'From then to now I have led the life of a haunted man. Henrietta has always been at mystde. She was with me when I called at the office on Saturday night, with me when I stood on the lonely sea shore, and she is here note. Iiwli! — look! As I speak she glides softly to my side, and beckons with a ghostly finger.' I shuddered, and recoiled from him as if I saw the mark of some loathsome plague upon ids haggard face, and stammered out : ' I have heard enough. What would yon have us do— defend you.' ' Yes ; because it was not murder. I killed her, it is true ; but, as I thought, under the greatest provocation that a man can receive. What's that? Was it you who slid I lied V' William Herrard clutched my wrist, and, glaring like a fiend into my face, held me as in a vice. ' If I thought you would betray me by word or deed,' he hissed, 'vou — you should never leave this place alive. Do you hear? I have suffered enough for my sin. I have been more miserable than tongue can tell, and I will not be hanged like a dog.' * 'Mr. Herrard,' I replied, trying to spesi calmly, ' you must know perfectly well that solicitors or their representatives are in honour Cound never to divulge a single 'word that a client may say or write. What have you been writing here?' He released me to pick up the papers, saying : ' I have been settling my worldly affairs, as I know that I cannot live long. See, in repara tion for the awful mistake I made, I have left everything to mv dead wife's relatives. Have I not done well?— is not that sufficient? Sim does no* think so. Her spirit will not go to its rest. It remains with me always — always — always!' He broke down, sobbing like a child, and I took the opportunity to say that it was time to go. William. Herrard made no reply, and I rang the bell, and was glad enough to find myself in the cnaxge room again. 'What do you make of your client?' the chief constsLblo sslccd- ' ' Mad— undoubtedly mad,' ' I replied. ' It is a curious thing to say,' Mr. Hitrhings rejoined, ' but for his own sake, I hope he is. We have known him so long as a quiet, respected man that ? ' I turned away without hearing any more, for I was sidkat heart, and longedjfor the sunlight and t*-e faces of busy people. Space will not allow me to describe the 1 various appearances of William Herrard and the remands from week to week. ' I killed my wife,' he said over and over again. On all else he was dumb, and so were ur. It is an established fact that no man can be tried for murder h^Ipr« the body, or part thereof, of his victim comes to light, and is identified beyond dispute: and people, believ ing in Herraxd'e insanity, fully believed that he would merely be put ender restraint for a short time, and set at liberty °g»i' But in the meantime the detectives were putting their heads togetherand hard at work. Experienced men from London came down, and not a niche or cranny of Herrard's premises was left on noticed. The well was opened, men descended by long ladders, and found the pkeleton of a woman clothed in rotting rags, a brooch, and sundry other small . articles, proving beyond doubt that Herrard's confession was no mad man's Btory. He was committed for trial. The assizes came on, and. a renowned Q.C. was engaged to defend nun ; but all the arguments and elo* quenoe in the world co old not save the wretched man. He was found guilty and condemned to death. When Baked in the usual form whether he had anything to say, he pointed to the welT of the court . 'Nothing, my lord,' he replied. 'I merely wish to say that the spirit of my wife has been sitting at the side of the prosecuting counsel, and instructing T«w t£roughout the toial.** I dull never forget the horrified look on the barrister'* face uumeai I live. ' The evening beforelhe execution of William Herrard arrived, and my feet were drawn to wards the gaol. A waggon laden with timber stood outside for the construction of the awful machine of death, but the men in charge sat idly upon it, and whispered among each other. What bad happened? Had a reprieve arrived? I was not kept long in doubt. The ponderous gates swung open, and a warder came oat, and, knowing me well, came up. 'I am thankful to say sir,' he said, 'that the ghastly task will be spared us to-morrow. It is no secret now, so I can speak without re serve. William Herrard is dead.' 'Committed suicide?.' I ejaculated. ' How could he commit Bmdde, sir, when he has been contmnally watched by two warden? He lay down to sleep, as they thought, this afternoon, and when they tried to rouse him to tske his evening meal, they found that he had gone from an earthly tribunal to the greatest and highest of all.' ? ?**«* My story, with all its faults, is told, but Z have endeavoured to tell it plainly, and, how ever the readers may condemn its construction, I have written what I experienced and felt. In a word, the story of ' A Haunted Han' is a true one. — Weelcly Budget. 