BELIGIOUS NEWS. Christ Church, N.A— Sunday, November 1, was All Saints' Day, and it was chosen for the dedication of a new pavement of chancel with communion rails and memorial brass ah Chrish Jhurch. ihese are in memoriatn of the late Mrs. Dutton, who was s' member of the Church, and are the gift of her children. The service, a full choral ODe, waa celebrated by Bishop Kennion, who, after dedicating the gifts, preached a short effective sermon. He remarked that some people objected to magni ficence in Churche3, but he regarded an un majestic service as unworthy tho majesty of God. The Book of the Revelation taught the majesty of worship. They should give their best to the Church. To have a Church meanly appointed waa to give an opportunity of slight ing God. In the afternoon a flower service was held, the Rev. B. C. Stephenson, Chap lain to the Bishop, preaching to a large congre gation, including the scholars of the Sunday school. PiRiE-srEEET Wesleyax Church. — Anni- versary services in connection with this Church were held on Sunday, when the Rev. E. G. Watkin, D.D., of Melbourne, preached to large congregations. In the morning he dealt with the history of the Wesleyan Church; and gave a r^siimd of its work. Mr. W. B. Chinner officiated as organist. Y.M.C.A.— Mr. David Walker addressed a well-attended meeting at the Y.M.C.A. on Saturday on the subject of 'Paul's Prayer.' At the Theatre a large crowd assembled, when the subject of the address was the 'Demo- niac,' and the speaker was listened to through out with great attention. Mr. Walker leaves again for Sydney to-morrow, and will deliver his farewell address to men only at . the Y.M.C.A. this evening. St. Asdkew's Church, Walkebvtue. — The annual flower service was held on Sunday afternoon. After service in the Church the children marched to the North-road Cemetery and strewed floweu on graves that are without headstones aud show no evidence of attention. The flowers in the cemetery are now al their best. The Chapel of the Holy Ghost. — A large number of people gathered in front of the Dominican Convent, Molesworth-street, North Adelaide, on Sunday to see Archbishop Rey nolds lay the foundation-stone of a Chapel in connection with the Convent. The congregation included, besides several of the clergy, many of the members of the St. Lawrence Branch of the H.A.C.B.S., who marched in procession to the Convent. After the ceremony had been impressively performed His Grace, ascending the stone, gave a forcible address, although he was not very well. He said the Chapel was the first of its kind in Australia. It had been asked where was the need for having the oratory, considering that St. Lawrence's Church was so near at hand. For the last thirty-five years he had had the one-absorbing idea of seeing a Church established for the per petual adoration of Jesus Christ. The idea was looked upon as Utopian by many of his friends, especially in a country where missionary effort required so much hard and patient labour. That day nineteen years ago episcopacy came to him, and then he vowed that he would leave no stone unturned to achieve the work. The success of missionary effort depended upon the abiding spirit of prayer, and the idea of the Church was to have some one in every hour of the day and night before the tabernacle entreating a blessing, and also forgiveness of the sins of a fallen world. The venerated saint, John B. Polding, had quietly established perpetual adoration in Sydney in connection with monasteries and convents, but no special Chapel had before been erected. When he found six years ago that the Mother Prioress of the Dominican Convent held the same views as himself he hoped to see the speedy fulfilment of his wishes, but the hand of God had delayed matters. Now, however, he rejoiced that the building was commenced, and he dedicated it to the third person in the Blessed Trinity— the Holy Ghost. The contractor for the work is Mr. J. J. Leahy. The building will consist of a chapel in Gothic architecture, 60 ft. by 28. It is intended for the use of the Nuns of St. Dominic's Priory, and is to comprise a sanctuary, a chapel for the nuns, a tribune for boarders, and externs and sacristies. This portion of the edifice is all that will be completed at present, and the probable cost will be from £3,000 to £4,000. It will ultimately form one side of the quadrangle of a future priory. The collection on Sunday amounted to £193. 