THE YOUNG FOLKS. HOW THE TWINS MI38KD IT. [By 0. P, SHANNON, in BoBtoa Youth's Com panion.) Silence reigned in the long sbhool room, where all tbe g'<rls were -assembled-?» aileooa ' cot of compulsory attention, but of eager interest, B^ies Hallam, inetraotor ia'Eaglub, stood at tiie desk, a typs-written, circular in her handy, " GiUs," she said in her phsasant manner, "a PVod friend of ours has offered four prizes for the beet literary work at any pupil, except ing the graduating olaeBea of the following schools." Mies Hallam mentioned the three largest private sohoola of the city, *' These prizes," she continued glaneing at the circular, "are respectively two hundred dollars, one hundred and fifty dollars, one hundred dollars, and fifty dollars, and are offered in order to Btimnlate a taste for literature among our girls, and to encourage them to aoquire the art of expression. Three profeseorB of the university have consented to act aa judges, and on Commencement Day, in each of thB three Bchools, the awards will be announced. The only condition imposed is that all manu8oriptB Bhall be in the jadgea hands by the 20th of May. "fhope," Mias Hallam went on, laying aside the oircular and Bmilingly lookiog down at the rows of attentive faces, '. that e\ery one of my girls will compete, and I shall offer a word of advice. Whether you write a story, or an essay, or a poem, put it in as few words aa possible. Do not Baorifice clearness to brevity, but do not use one word more than you need to axpress your meaning, I am sura I need not urge yoa to do your best, girls, but bear in mind that you will be working not only for your own credit, but for that of your instructors and your school as well*" ? Then, as Bhe dismissed the sohool for reosas, ehe looked directly, aa all the girla declared afternards, at Molly and Dolly O'Oonnell. This wbb not surprising, for the O'Donnell twins stood easily first in the English olasses, and their compositions were the pride and envy of the sohool. It was well known that Miea Hallam kept their " essays" to read aa a pleasure after Bhe had finished the taa^ of examining those of the other girls. The twins were pretty girls, whom half their friends thought remarkably alike, while the other half could see hardly any resemblance between them. They were the same height, but Molly was Blenderer than Doll, who was roBier, and had dimples which her twin could not boast, Their low broad foreheads, delicate little straight noses, and firmly rounded ohina were aa exactly alike as the profiles on two Bilver dollars; but Molly's hair was very dark, and only waved in a half hearted fashion, while Dolly's cheanut looks were as " early as a watch spring." Molly's face, too, had a way of besoming pensive and dreamy when in repose, while Dolly's alwayB seemed ready to break into ensiles, even while Bhe wan asleep. Their dispositions and mental qualities were alike and different in much the same way, but they were as one in their devotion to scribbling, end in their deep affeotion for each other. During the recees following Misa Hallam'a announcement the twina were the centre of a large group, and in the babel of young voices were euoh exclamations as, " But the univer sity professor ! I shouldn't dare "I know I haven't a chance, but Miss Hallam said every onet and I mean to try." " Two hundred dollars! Just think of it! and then Lizzie Mnrdooh expressed the belief of every girl present by answering, mock ruefully *' It's a dazzling vision, but we all know that none of us has a ghost of a chance of winning tbe firBt prize excepting Dolly and Molly O'Donnell 1" , The twins colored. They had caught Miaa Hallam's encouraging glanoe as Bhe finished tbe announcement and had both resolved to oatdo their best; but now, taking Lizzie's words more seriously than she intended, they felt a little conscience strioken, All at once Dolly rather exoitedly broke in .'Girls, if yon really_believe that we should stand in your way we will agree not to compete at all, won't we, Molly?" At thiB there was an outcry, in which Molly's " Of conrEe we will 1" was loat._ " Now, don't ba geese 1" Lizzie Murdooh a high, clear voice asserted itself. " We'll never Bpeak to you again if you treat us like that! Of course you'll get the first prizeB, but we want you to, don't we, girla ? But there are four prizeB," she went on, without waiting for their hearty lespouoe. " and why shouldn't two of na take tbe other two? 0 girls, wouldn't it be splendid for our school to get all four ?" "It eeems to me" aaid serioua Lalie Fie!cher, ignoring this digreaBion, "that it would be unfair to Misa Hallam if you two didn't compete. She would be sadly disappointed, and BO would madame. You are the orna ments of the sohool. Don't you remember what &liaB; Hallam said?-'for the credit of our instructors,' and I saw her look directly at you." " So did I! So did I!" chimed in half a dczen, " I think it would be a perfect *hame not to try," added Alioe Marshall. " I'm even going to try myself, though I know my only chance is that the judgea will think, from the unreadableness of my hand, that my essay must be fsomething wonderful, and blindly award it the fourth prize accordingly." In the midst of the laughter that followed the bell rang, and jnBt sb the girlB re entered tbe school, stupid little Daisy Lewis made a remark which pointed out to her clever.er mates a feature of the competition which no one bad perceived. "Butthere's only one first prize,"she said, " and there are two of Dolly and Molly." From that moment the contest grew excit ing, Not only waa Montioello Institute com peting againBt Snowdon school and the Girls' College, but Montioello Institute's two geniuses were competing againBt eaoh other, Tbe twins were rivals, This added greatly to tbe interest of the competition for all who knenr tbe O'Donnells, AU these were confident that neither Dolly nor Molly could fail to take a prize, but whioh would oome out first? The twins, who seldom did things by halves, had thrown themselves into the competition heart and aonl. At tbe suggestion of Misa Hallam it bad been agreed between the three schools that no girl should accept aBsiatanoe in her work, and that the best way to insure this was to show it to no one, to diacusB it with no one, and to answer so questions about it until it waa finished. This was rather hard upon the girla' relatives and friends, and especially upon the O'Donnell family, who every one-papa and mamma, tbe poet-brother, and even Eleanor, though aha was in the whirl of her first season-took a ' keen interest in the competition; but the twins saw the justice of the agreement, and for onoe they succeeded in keeping a secret even from mamma and each other. At last a Saturday morning came when the twins entered the breakfast room with radiant faceB, " I've finished, all but the copying!" Dolly answered jubilantly. "O papa, mayn't I do it on your type-writer ?" .' Ob, I never thought of that 1" oried Molly, " I've finished, too-oopjing and all 1" At this their brother Disk, a handsome yohng fellow whom no one would have suspected of being a poet, clapped his hands, in whioh applause his parents laughingly joined. Eleanor threw her napkin into the aie with a soft little " Hurrah !" "Have you really?" Dolly asked her twin in the midst of these demonatation. " Then I won't have the type-writer, thank you, papa," "You think it wouldn't be fair, eh?" eaid her father laughing, '' That is dividing a h*ir 'twixt south and south-west aide, Dollikin, Out of consideration for the judgeB I think you'd better have the type writer," But Dolly waB immovable. During the afternoon a rosy face peeped into the library, where Mr. O'Donnell waB writing, "(la Mr, O'Donnell visible?" asked Dolly's voice, "Always visible to Dolly," answered her father with a smile, holding out his hand to her, "Have you something to show me?" Her bands were behind her and a funny little deprecating smile was on her face. "Papa will please withdraw," she said. "I have a story here upon which I wish to ask Mr, O'Donnell's opinion." She laid before him an exquisitely neat manuscript, the clear, c&ietui; writing of which waB unlike her uaual " Blap- daah" scrawl. Her father read the title tnd looked up. " That is an excellent title, little woman," he esid. " Short, sttikicg, and new. A good title is often half the battle." .'You aren't making fun, are you, papa?" at ted Dolly, " You know you are not to like it only because it iB mine." " Madam," said her father, with pretended itdignatioD, "my opinions are as free from bias EB tijbt particularly straight frook of yours," He began to read, and Dolly, seated oppo site, watched hia face with eyes anxiously bright and hands nervously olasping each other in her Zap. Presently a smile dawned amid her father's thick beard; gradually it widened, became a chuckle, baoame a deep, delighted laugh, Dolly leaned back in her chair with a sigh of relief, " Dolly, this is capital, It's fine," exclaimed Mr, O'Donnell, reading on. At last he laid the manuscript down and laughed until the room ran?. Dolly looked on, » pleased little smile dimpling her cheeks. "? Oome here andgkiBB your old father !" said Mr, O'Donnell fondly, " I'll be even with you for thiB, ma'am. You have made me laugh ten pounds upon my already too well covered bones," "Is it really funny; papa?" mplored Dolly, '' You're sure you don't think so juat because it'B me- I, I mean ?" " My dear little girl," he answered, "the story really is extremely good; and I would think BO if my worBt enemy had written it, You're a genuine wit, pollihin; and I beg yonr pardon for only suspecting you of it hitherto." He kimd hee with so pleased a look that Dolly flushed rose-red--'with delight. "0 papa, I'm Boglad!" she said, "I did hope I could da it 5" \ * " I BR'ppose I oughtn't to Bay it, Dolly,? he Baid, when he gave the Btory back to her. " bat I eball be very mnoh surprised if any of your ftcboolmatea surpasses this." Dolly turned baekat the door. " Papa," aha Baid, with hesitation, ''don't tell Molly any* thing about this, please. Promise 1" She went up to her room, BIO wly turning the leaves of her manuscript, and reading her owa jokes and funny scenes with a oarious feeling j as it some one else most have written them, i " It muBt be (>001), if papa says it is," she ' thought, "He is enoh a good oritio. If it should be better than Molly's " bhe pnt the Btory in her desk and harried away to her moaio lesson. That evening, after the girls had said good-night, Mr. O'OouDell, going into the library, was surprised to »ee a slender yonng figure standing at one of the windows, .. Why, Molly, is that you?" he anid. "I thonght yon were asleep by {his time." "Shall yon be very baay to night, pap*?'' Molly asked, outmng toward him as he earned np tbe flame of his reading lamp. ''Not very, pussy. Why, is it the prise story V She had shyly produced a large en velope. " Ycb "-if you have time to read it, papa. It iB all ready to goj bat I don't want to send it if it isn't good. I want yoa to read it as if it were somebody else's, and not lifeo it and tell me it ib good enough just because it is mine." " I fear all yon chioks think yonr father ia a very prejadioed old perBon, Molly," said Mr, O'Donnell, Badly: bat his eyes were twinkling. She sprang into hiB arms. '* So yon are!" Bhe Baid, laughing. *' Bat thia time yoa mast be perfectly impartial, Good night, papa dear." When Bhe was gone, Mr. O'Donnell settled himEelf in his favorite eaBy chair, and took from the envelope a manasoript in Molly's beautifal clear hand. With a mirthful thought of ita rival [he began to read. Half an hoar later Mrs, O'Donnell looked into the room, and seeing her huBband absorbed WBB going softly away, when he called her, " My dear, I.want yon to read this," he said, in a voice nnlike bis nsnal genial tones. " It ia Molly's prize story. I read Dolly's thia after noon, and I think we have reason to be proad of onr daughters." " Have I not always said so ?" returned their mother, emiling. Mr. O'Donnell leaned back in his. chair and watched his wife's expreasion as ahe read. Ha saw it change from pleased interest to surprise, and from that to something deeper. Onca ahe loobedup'. "Thia iB wonderful, Richard," Bhe said, "Where did the cbild find these thoughts, and such words to olothe them ?" As Bhe read on she paused, now and then, to brnBh teats from her lashes; but towards the end Bhe forgot them in the Btory, and they Btood unnoticed on her cheek. The end reached, she laid the manuscript in her lap, and looked at her husband with delight in her eyes, behind the tears, "Richard, the child is a genius," Bhe Baid. "This is one of the most exquisitely toaohiog things I have ever read." "She ia & poet, my dear," said Molly's father. Some time after Molly, lying wide awake, heard her obamber*door open softly. " Mamma?" she Baid. "Not asleep yet, Molly?" her mother answered. She came to the bedside, stroked Molly's hair for a moment, and then Btooped and kissed her. "Papa and I have been reading yonr story, dear," she said. "0, mamma, did you like it?" Molly asked eagerly. " Do you think it will do ?" " It ia BO good, dear, that we think Diok'a little eiBter will some day give him cause to look to his lanxels." " O mamma, I'm so glad 1-not about Dick, I don't mean," said Molly, with a delighted little langh. '. 01 course I shall never be a poet like Dick; but I do want to write 1" When her mother had kissed her "good night" and waB going away Molly called her baok. " Mamma, if yoa don't mind, X want yoa and papa not to tell Dolly aboat my atoryj please," Her mother promised, with a smile, Commencement Day at Monticello Institute was always interesting; bat this year it pos seBBed an interest quite apart from the sweet girl-graduatea' performances, for it fell on June 17th-earlier than the Commencement Day of either Saowdon School or the Girls' College-and therefore was the first to hear the awardB of the literary prizes. The hall, aa the long aohool-room was oailed, was filled with a crowd in which pretty gowns and flowery bonnets of course predominated; but there waa a liberal sprinkling of black coats -fathers, ancles, with here and there a brother, I fear some persons present fonndthe essays, and even the mnsio, too long, for the awards would not be announced antil jaat before the conferring of the diplomas. At laBt Miss Hallam came forward with a sheet of- paper in her hand, and tbe very fans were etill while she gave a brief account of the anonymous friend's gift, and expressed the pleasure of madameand the teaahers at hearing how creditable waa the work whioh it had oalledforth. Then, lifting the paper, " I have cow," said Mies Hallam, "to announce the names of the successful competitors." Did her eyea rest, for one instant, on the twins ? A little stir and whisper ran through the audience. Mr, O'Donnell gave Dolly's hand, whioh was on hia arm, a little squeeze. "Now for it!" he whispered. " The firat prize of two hundred dollars," read Mi88 Hallam, Blowly, " to Miss Alica Rosalie West, of the Girls' College." The twins, who were both rather pale, drew & long breath. Lizzia Murdooh leaned over to Eleanor,fiand whispered, intensely, "Whata shame!" " The second prizej one hundred and fifty dollars, to Miss Susan Davidge Morse, of Soowdon school" Many surprised faces were turned toward the twins, Neither the firat prize nor the second! "The third prize, one hundred dollars, to Miss Louise Hammond Fletcher, of Monticello Institute," Thia time the twins joined heartily in the applause; and LuliB Fletcher, leaning forward, looked aoroBB at them with a distressed ex pression, in which incredulity and b 3 wilder ment were mingled. "The fourth prize, fifty dollars, to Misa Henrietta Linthicom, of the Girls' College." Then followed half a dozen names "deserv ing honorable mention." The O'Donnells, and indeed half the audience, could not believe their senBeB, The twins were nowhere ! The conferring of the diplomas, and the final chorus, gave all a chance to recover from their astonishment; but when, they left the hall for the pleasant informal gathering whioh always followed in madame'a drawing room, the O'Donnella were immediately surrounded, and Lnlie Fletcher was among the fi»t to oondole with themi " Oh, girl8, bow didii happen ?" ahe mourned. " I oan't believe it. It must be a mistake." They had fifty anoh speeohes to endure. Miss Hallam only said, " I own it is a great disappointment to me, my dear girls; I counted upon yon." Only the third prize for tbeir school. The O'DonnellB got away as soon as they conld, and went home a dejected party, thoagh tbey tried, with Boms BUOOBBB, to assame an air of gaiety. " Well, girlies," said their father at luncheon, "my yonngconntrywomen havegreaterliterary ability than I thonght. .Perhaps I was blinded by paternal partiality, as yoa seemed to sus pect ; bat I W&b; sure thoBe stories of yours would have a walk over. Upon my word-" Just then Katie brought Mrs, O'Dounell a note. " From Helen Hallam!" she said, rapidly glancing through it. irWhat in the world do listen." V MY DEAB MBS. O'DONNELI, " Just now I have been diBousBing the com petitirn with a great friend of yonr girls-Pro feieor O'Meea, who, as you know, waa one of the juOgeB; and he assumes me that he re members remarking with surprise, to both Doctor Tan and Professor 17pilson, that no manuscript bearing Dolly's or Molly's name was sent to them" " What I" broke in the three astonished voices. The twinB, nneonsoions of the amazed faces of their family, turned upon each other, " 0 Dolly! didn't you send yoara ?" " O Molly 1 didn't yoa Bend yonrB ?" The exclamation waa Bimultaneous, and told the whole Btory, For a moment every one was too nearly petrified to speak. Then Eleanor broke into a peal of laughter, in whioh all the others'joined. "Oh, yoa little geese!" she exolaimed; "Soy on did not send them! One need not atk why !" " I didn't send mine," said Dolly, blushing furiously, " because papa liked it so mach that I was afraid it might be better than Molly's, It eerves me right " "And me," ohimed in Molly dejectedly. "From what mamma said, I thought that perbapB mine might win the firat prize from Dolly." " You may all laugh," said Mrs. O'Donnell; " but I was never so disappointed in my life, I know those stories would have taken the highest prizes." " It is just aa well," said Diok, consolingly. " Perhaps they wouldn't; and now we shall always baye the satisfaction of believing, they would.". "There wouldn^t be mnoh comfort," said Dolly, dolefully, "in believing that we could have won the highest prizes for oar Bohool, and deliberately threw them away." "Yon were prompted by a generous impulse, chicks," Baid their father! -as they all left jibe table. " Onr self-sacrifice is a luxury for which we often pay by discovering, too late, that it b&B; ^entailed the sacrifice of something or somebody else. However," and he ga,ve Dick a whimsical glancp, " in thia iastaa.oa we. can 'console .ouEsejvea with the thought that gerh&pa; your storiea would have failed, after all" "You're laughingi papa," Baid Molly, brightening " bat there really is oonaolation in that 1" 