Sporting Notss, (BY ATHLRTF/) " - The second match of the season between the Fort Pirie Centra's and Gladstone clubs was playeil on the local ' oval on Saturday last, and resulted in favor of the visitors. The Centrals who had first use of the wickets put together 66 ' runs before the last wicket fell. Oa our tneh going to the wickets they ma le a poor show against-, the howling: of Whitelaw and Ogilvie, and at the fall of the last wicket the score %as 43. This is the smallest score our men have made this season, and I am u table to aec Mint for their miserable display. I An interesting cricket match will be played on -tli- Gladstone oval tornibfrow between the . laura.-an.A Gladstone clubs. Both clubs are "very SEroog and' a- great, struggle for vi -tory sshoutdTtake place.— The local club will he strotigly represented,-. but I am. surprised to see MflfriS included in the team, 'and think the sUleCt'lri are- ih the wrong in picking him. It is a well-known fact that Murrie hat left the district, and I understand he does uot belong to the club. . It would have been more gentle manly -if the local club played Gladstone and :did nqt include a Burra player. A good deal of rivalry has existel between these clubs during the past as to their respective merits, and this is my reason for objecting to Miirrie's inclusion in the :team. "A3 far as I know our fell >ws have alwaygacte.'l fair on other occasions, but I must raay things are a bit mixed this time. On 'St. Patrick's day; Tuesday, March- 17, the Georgtt 'wn and Caltowie catholic picnics will be held. Nominations for the for ner close with : the secretary (Mr. VV. Biogin) t»-day, and nominations for the latter will have to bo in the hands-of the secretary (Mr. J. W. Orosbyj by to-motrow. ; It is a great pity that these picnics are . held on the same day, and no doubt both wilLsnffer financially, Mr. Millard secured the' Showtovfrb H -.adicap fflp S'feesday with. Glen/"-'- \- .Atjue>ale of M. Belmont's-iracing stud in New-York, Potomac,' who last a;ason won the Futunty Stakes, and was the champion two- mah.aI in Amnrino Kmn trK h -P.fb 0(10. \- Tbe cricket.match played at Jamestown on Satucduy last between the Belalie and Laura clubs. came. to an abrupt conclusion. From what I'h ave heard the Lmras are in the wrong, and. I surpriseu at t :em nor <o i tinning cue game.. .".The dispute arose through Mortimer obstructing the ball whilst running between the wickets, "for which the Belalie umpire gave him out. The Laura skipper was not satisfied with the decision and called his men of the field. If the gaifie had been played out I think the home team", would have won, as they had decidedly the 'best of -matters when the disputi arose. The-IiaiirS, Jockey Club will ho d .h -ir annual race meeting on Easter Monday. ' .Tbslriadstbne' cricketers' secured an easy win ag'ainst 'Jamestown on Wednesda-. The visi tors ibaitfed first but could not do mnili with the bowling rif Moyes and Catt, the only one to enter the doubles being Bowen who made 31 not -out, but his .inoing8 was marred: by two' o,r. three easy- chances, i&ladstorie; were more suc cessful with the bat, and at call of' rime had only lost 6 wickets for 124"runs. Crabh led the van with- 46, and Edmunds came next with 41. The former did not. show his usual form, some of .his strokes being rather uppish, while the latter played a patient game, and not a ghost of a chance can be urged against 1-i n, and I con gratulate' him on his performane». 