REMINISCENCES OF MILLBANK. REMARKABLE ESCAPES. Milbank prison, the demolition of 'which is shortly to take place, is the largest of the London prisons, and is a modification of Jeremy Bentham's "Panopticon" or "Inspection House," which was the subject of a very heated debate in the House of Commons in 1810. The prison, including the outbuilding.:, stands on seven acres of ground, and has some nine acres of gardons at one time cultivated by the convicts. In 1799 the authorities purchased the site from the Marquis of Salisbury for £12,000. It was not, however, until 1813 that the erection of the building was commenced, the construction being completed in 1821 at a cost of nearly half a million. The first governor was a clergyman, and te get into his " good books " the most dangerous criminals bad bnt to ask for a religious work and put on sanctified looks. In 1844 an Act was passed alter ing (amongst other reforms) the name to Millbank prison, and an historiau is responsible for the statement that, prior to these alterations, the prison was con- sidered "a toy for a parcel of pkilauthro phic gentlemen to keep them busy during their spare hours. At Christmas time the prisoners were regaled with roast beef aud plum- pudding, after which they returned thauks to the archdeacon, who was present, and sang " God save the King.' " The " chain " or armour room contains many interesting curiosities, such as leg-irons, neck-pieces hoavy enough to break any man's collar bone), colossal swivel cuffs, onormous chaius, iron waist- bands, aud baby handcuffs to be used for juvenile offonders. Some of these instru- ments of torture were in use as late as 1862\. The graveyard attached to the prison has not been used for buryiug j purposes since 1848- It is worthy of re- mark that no stones mark the spots where convicts have been interred. There are three tombstones, but these are to thd memory of officials. During this year (1848) the prison was used as barracks for the soldiers quartered in London on ac- count of the Chartist riots, Tho first record of note of attempts to escape is that of a convict named Ralph, known in the prison by the sobriquet of "Jack Sheppard." The mugs in "which the cocoa was served to the prisoners at the time were made of pewter, and Ralph having obtained the impressions of the locks on pieces of soap, melted the pewter over the gas jet in his cell, making it so' pliable that be was able to mould keys' with which it is avereed he could have opened every door in the prison1. These keys are still amongst the relics. The story of the escape of a prisoner called " Punch " Howard rivals the achievements of " Jack Sheppard." Howard, who was iu the iufirmary, 'suc- ceeded iu climbing to a small window 9ft from the ground, which revolved on a bar cemented into the stoue wall at each end. Out of his dinner-knife bo made a rough saw, and with this he cut through the bar on which the window revolved. Having made a rope of his blankets and sheets, he squeezed himself through the little window and descended by degrees, with nothing on bnt his shirt, into the prison graveyard. The sentry on patch- ing sight of him fled, thinking he had seen a ghost. With the aid of some planks he scaled the outer walls, apd, con- cealing himself by day, he suceeded iu reaching his mother's house at .Uxbridge. Subsequently the authorities got jriud of his whereabouts,f and by a ruse he was captured and taken back to Millbank. In 1882 a notorious burglar; named Lovett, who was serving bis terril of 14 years' penal servitude, succeeded * in escaping thus:-He scraped away (thb mortar between the bricks of which the ceiling of his cell was made, and, to pre. Vent detection, replaced it with some chewed bread. Watching his opportun- ity, he'pulled down-la sufficient number of bricks to allow him to outer fchè room above, in which there was a fireplace. Climbing np the chimney, he found him* self on the roof of an out-building a short distance from the boundary watt.'* 'He then obliterated the "broad arrows'1* nbf | his prison dresB hy smothering ms^lothes with soot, and, jumping on to the^ wall, reached the ground. A short distance from the prison Lovett was favoured by fortune j^ Tor; "stemlingonteloe~Ti ^ouviw man's residence, he found a sweep's broom and apparatus. These he promptly annexed, and made his way to the south of London. Three days later he was recaptured by Inspector Harvey (now chief of the C. I. D. for the south of London). Lovett, when arrested, had two companions with him, who bolted on seeing the detectives; and after befog* handcuffed, Lovett said, " It is a very good job for you, Harvey, that yon did not pinch me when it was dark. My two pals have the irons (revolvers) on them, and know how to nse them, and you would have been a dead man as sure as your name is Harvoy." A more recent escape, and perhaps the' most adroit, was that of a young woman named Lloyd, who had been a barmaid, and who in the early part of 1889 was sentenced to a short term of imprison- ment. Miss Lloyd was abont 20 years of age, and her peroonal attractions having caught the eye of the matron, Bhe was em- ployed in the latter's private apartments. Whilst engaged in cleaning a dressing room, she rapidly exchanged her prison clothes for those of a young lady friend who was at the time staying with the matron. She then passed- the various warders, both male and female, unchal- lenged, but upon reaching the outer gate she was asked who she was. Equal to the emergency, she gave the name of the matron's yonng lady friend, and was passed ont. She was re-taken after five weeks by Detective sergeant Bush, of Scotland Tard. Miss Lloyd was after-' wards sentenced to hard labour for a I month for breaking out of prison. 