CHAPTER X. Sydney was reached at last, and it was with a feeling of down-sinking that Bob recognised that his happiest time since his college days had come to an end. Findley and his wife and he went to Petty's Hotel they for a short time only before visiting country friends-he indefinitely. Some of his cynical manner had returned iu those few days, and Nettie felt grieved for him. He had become to her a big brother, and to her husband a solid friend. On the morning they were leaving, Findley had said, 'Now, look here, don't go and hide-at least from us,' and Bob promised. Nettie, as they were shaking hands, said earnestly to him, * And so you won't let us know even now ? ' 'Not yet,' he replied, 'but you shall soon.' And thus Mrs. Findley felt satisfied that her first impression had been a just one, and though he would always be * Bob ' to them, he wasn't ' Robert Smith.' She thus indulged in a small crow over her husband, who remarked, 1 Don't see why a Robert Smith should not be a gentleman, or why Bob should bother himself to go under a false name. It's all one to me, my dear, he's a sound good fellow, awfully good to you, and marvellously patient with those preposterous Smarleys.' Double Case told me that Lord Robert had decided to come out to Australia for two reasons. The one was a sickening of life. He had seen all that ought to be seen by a man in good society, and had done all that ought to be done. Tired of the never-ceas- ing bothers of a bachelor, as he styled his invitations, his society duties and the attacks of mothers and daughters, he made up his mind to marry and get out of them. He never had been in love, and was not with the girl he proposed to, but he thought her sincere, fresh, and good, ' And, you know, that's enough,' he explained to his bosom friend, Harvey Droup, a young artist. He became engaged, but not long afterwards heard the following -words spoken by the woman he was trying to love, and in whom he thoroughly believed : ' I won my bet. you see, Polly, and for a good match Robert Miverton is really rather nice. I'm keeping awfully proper now, but after we're married I can have my fling. He's, a sort of King Arthur thal wouldn't see a flirtation if it was righi under his nose, so I shall have lots of fun when I'm Lady Robert, and can often se< Noel Leshange.' He had then and there faced her ; ex planation there could be none. In a fe^ quiet words he told her that he hac esteemed her for her supposed qualities o: fresh-heartedness and truth - that hif regret at finding her ' like all the rest ' wai far more directed to herself than to him He could, he thought, never trust a girl o woman in the future, and that if she ha< only thus accepted his offer, he felt tha there could be no happiness between them and he declined to continue the engage ment. Double Case said that the bride-elec turned scarlet with shame, and thei covered her face in her hands and burs into tears, perhaps discovering at tha moment his worth and her own af- fection for him. Lord Mi verton ' s horses snortiy atterward s excited spirited bidding at Tattersalls, and bis properties were adver- tised to let. He himself ap- peared as usual at his clubs, and revealed not to a single soul ms decision to go ont to Australia. As we have seen, the true girlishness and sweet- ness of Mrs. Findley had struck his dormant hoy-character, and had made life happy to him. As Kobert Smith, he had made truer friends than he had ever before done, and had found a true woman. ' There can't be another, though,' he muttered. « Good-bye, Bob ; you've been awfully happy. Here's to your burial, old chap, and I don't mind how often your ghost haunts me.' I wish I could take a pen and write a real novel, instead of dictating while perpetually swinging this monotonous pendulum. I know when I have to excite interest-I'm now doing it. All the readers of this will want to look well ahead, but please don't. I've got; a half tragedy coming; be content till the * catastrophe ' bounces out. Bob was lying on the verandah at Pètty's hotel, in the same deck chair in which we found him on board the * Punjaub,' smoking the same Gr.B.D., and reading BelVs Life,, since dead, which he had ordered to be sent out, that he might have a whiff of hunting and shooting on his arrival. The darkness, after a scarlet sunset, came on with the suddenness so irritating and depressing to English people on their arrival. He could hardly see to read, unless he went to his room and his lamp, and it was a tussle between his desire to finish an account of a splendid run with the 4 Quorn,' and his sensation of laziness after a regular scorcher. He hadn't made up his mind when he was thus addressed : * Terrible hot day-cooler this evening, thank goodness-you look pretty cool, in those white things.' 4 Yes, I am, I suppose, pretty cool. I shouldn't mind the heat so much if the dust would but keep down.' 4 That's bad enough, certainly, but I don't feel it much. Try driving cattle along a dusty road up country, shouting like the devil, in the saddle for hours, per- haps up all night after stragglers and on again without any sleep. It's all use, though, and you new chum's amuse me,' the speaker added good humouredly. 4 You don't take kindly to roughing it. Now I'm off in a day or two, and jolly glad to get back to it.' 4 It must be very delightful to feel jolly glad,about anything,' replied Bob. * Don't you ever feel jolly glad, then ? ' * No, never. Can't see what there is to be glad about-except that some other fellow is glad.' 4 It must be blooming dismal to feel like that ; isn't it ?' 4 Oh, yes, very. I'm going to,have a, claret and soda, will you have onè, with some ice ?'.. . * Thank you, won't IPI was going to shout, only you were too quick.' The glasses were brought and both men refilled their pipes. Bob, who had appeared bored by his visitor when he made his offer,., seemed, Double Case said, to wake up suddenly; * How long will your cattle j.ourjciey take you ? ' he asked. * About three months. Good .weather for travelling if it keeps as it is. We've had enough rain for a hit. I couldn't stand your life. I wasn't horn for a swell, as you were. Don't it keep down your muscle a lot and give you headaches ? You look a big man all the same, but I suppose it's fat.' ' Lord "Robert measured sixteen inches round his biceps and was forty-five round the chest. He replied, ' I never could fathom the term " swell "-glad to find . a man who can. I am laziness petrified, and thus hopeless of improvement. All I can claim for myself is that if I am led I can follow. l am like Samson, I always think, who groaned in his blindness in the Agonistes. " But what is strength without a double share of wisdom? Vast, un- wieldy, burdensome.'' I lack the wisdom you see-Halloa, what's that ? A run- away, by George ! ' Before the bushman could turnround, Bob was in the street, running in the same direction as thé vehicle which came dashing on behind him. The playing fields'at Eton, the towing path at Oxford, the training for the sports, supplemented by his work aboard the ' Punjaub,' now were to be turned to account. As the run- away came closer, he turned his head slightly to mark his distance, and tore off at a racing speed. As the horse's head came level with him, he made a gallant rush and caught hold of the rein close to the bit, bearing upon it and bounding in a succession of leaps to avoid being borne off his feet. For some, moments it seemed that the man must succumb to the brute, and Double Case confessed, with a sorrow- ful tick, that for the only time in his new service, he wished he'd had another master, ' It was just awful, Pendulum the whirl of the wheels and the jerks of the jumping- but worse than all to me was the frightful strain I could detect Lord Robert was suffering. I thought his muscles must have burst his waistcoat. I screwed my ' fusey ' up to hero-point, however, in a second pr two, and gradually felt the pace decrease, and as my master's arm shook violently, I knew the horse was trying to dislodge him, and that this would take His attention off his racing, and if Lord Robert could hold, on he might »top him.' ' Did he, Double ?' I asked, anxiously. ' Did he ! ' retorted Double, disdainfully. ' Didn't he ! Yes, arid more. When he had stopped the horse, and a crowd had come round, and he found the occupants of the buggy-a woman and child-were being helped out, uninjured, by kindly hands, he quietly walked away. Meeting Baldwin, his bushman friend, running down with the crowd, he caught hold of him and said, ' Come back, like a good fellow. They're all right.' < Come back ? Why ?' ' Because I hate crowds,, and fuss, and all that.' Baldwin was no fool, and divined the real reason. He looked at the Englishman for a second, and then said, ' No, because you know they'd worship you with grate- fulness, and you're one of them fine fellows as is modest. I'll let them know, though.' ' I have two favours to ask you before you do so. Will you grant them?' ' Well, one is " don't," I know ; what's the other?' 'To take me with you "right straight along," as my Yankee friends say.' ' You're a rum 'un,' remarked Baldwin. You are a swell and you are lazy, and you're as shy as a boy, as plucky as Cardigan, and as brave as Nelson, and as strong-my eye ! strong as a pole bullock j did you do it all yourself, man ?'.... ' Oh yes, I only held on.' ' And I,' said Baldwin regretfully, * only held off.' ' But my life isn't worth a pickled onion, and then I've done a good bit of running in my time, and have been climbing masts and hauling ropes lately, and that's got my muscle up.' Here Baldwin put his hand on the sneaker's bicer>s. ' Fat, I said-ha, ha, ha, fat? why it's a ship's cable. Take you with me ! Man alive, I ought to ask if you mind coming. I don't know your name, but down it goes along o' mine till you get tired of me.' ' Robert Smith.' 4 Well now, that's English ; but I expect you are a good many Smith's rolled into one, and a deal more besides.' A few days later Baldwin and; Lord Robert left Sydney for the bush. Double Case told me all about their journey, but as bush travelling is simply bush travelling I don't think an account of it would -interest you, so I keep my memories for myself and any friendly fellow clocks and watches. One thing I may Bay, that the Englishman astonished Baldwin by his power of endurance' and the matter-of fact way in which he took to ' roughing it.' He proved also a capital companion. His old stories found an eager and laughing listener, and many an hour over fires and pipes were beguiled by accounts of his adventures in India and Africa. One question rather posed the narrator, Bald- win asked him if he knew the Viceroy of India, and had ever been to Government House. Bob, however, was equal to the occasion, without more expense of truth than that he conveyed to his listener a wrong im- pression. The Viceroy had been high up at Eton when he was but a small boy. He replied, therefore, 'Oh, yes, I've dined there. Travellers get asked, you know, especially if they are hunting tigers on elephants.' 'He's an awful swell, isn't heP' asked Baldwin. 'He is a little king in point of court and surroundings, but he has to steer very carefully so as not to offend the native princes.' This conversation led to stories of tiger shooting or pig-sticking, and these, and oth<»r sporting adventures in England and abroad enthralled Baldwin, who was a born lover of manly actions. Much as I should like to go over them again, as told to me, I must refrain and recount a little adventure which led to my acquaintance with Double Case. ; 