Latest flews. THE ADELAIDE MARIKB AND FIBE ASSUR- ANCE COMPAXV IN LIQUIDATION.—The report of the Directors of this Company for the year ended June 30, lS91,-'says:—"Duringthe year four dividends have been declared, aggregating (is. per share, making a total refund to date of 31s. Jper nshare. A large proportion of tho properties which have fallen into the Company's hands are suburban, with dwellings erected thereon,-all of which ate well let; b«t it has been found impossrble so far to dispose of them. Thfere are four mortgages still current, which mature during the next six months." J A'he revenue account contains the following items :-T-lir.—To interest, £788 lCs. lid.; fire losses, £1C0 0s. 5d.; balance, £15,507 19s. 3d. Total, £16,456 lfe. !)d. Cr.—By balance, £13,0157s. 4d.; euri jnt ex)i3nses, £3116s. lid.; marine premiums, £27 2s. 2d.; do. losses. £232 10s. 3d.; losses on loans, £2,G2010s. Id.; officers' bonus, £250. Total, £16,-150 ltis. 9d. STOCK EXCH.\SGE Ho. 2.—It is understood that this Exchange has taken tlie offices on tho first floor of Cornstock Chambers; "THE BBICKWELL RELIEF FDKD.—The following amounts have, be an. received by Rev. James Allen, Port Adelaide:—J. E. Jones, £3 3s.;'Mrs. Schrcier, £2; F.J.B., los.; Bradley, 3s. ; Stephens, 5s. ; A Servant, os.; W.T., 10?.; G.H., 5s.; i>er Miss Allen, Ss.; i>er Miss Colegate, lis.; A. Hudson, os.; Miss T., 103. (td.; A Widow, 21s.; and Friend, 10s. Cd.; do., 2s. Cd.;-do., 2s. «d.: do., lid.; E.S., 20s.: J. A. Thomson, 10s.; J. H.D., 10s. Psiz« ST. BKBSARDS.—Sir Ivlwin Smith, .K. C.M.G., sent over his imported St. Bernards •to compete in £he Melbourne Dog Show, and .both have.been successful. Max (kennel name 'Fairfax) took first prize in the open class, and Nell ^Sweetheart) secured first in the novice class and third in the class for best bitch in the Sh&w.; This is an excellent result for two young dogs to carry off honours when competing against all-aged and many dogs who wore first prize-takers in the old world. Nell and Max are only two and a half years old.E BEWS MEWORIAT, FCND. — The following letter has been received from 'Mrs. Bews by the Hon. Secretary of tbe Bews Memorial Fund in reply to his letter notifying that the money collected in memory of the late Hon. David Bews was available in the Savings Bank for the children:—"Wallaroo. Dear Mr. Skipper—Accept my warmest thanks for your kind.note, alki .for all the interest you and tlie committee have taken in me and mine. _ As it is the unanimous wisb of your committee that I should receive the money for the benefit of my children I am willing to accept it, and I thank you on their behalf and my own.-T-Yours sincerely, CECELIA D. BKWS." UCTVEBSTTT Sft*KSPBAHK SOOIETT. —On Wednesday evening Mr. E. P. Nesbit lectured before this Society on "Some Blemishes of -Shakspeare." Mr. P. McM. Glynn, B.A., LL.B., presided over a fair attendance of members. In prefacing his remarks, which were interspersed throughout with racy anecdotes, the lecturer said that although he yielded to none in his admiration for Gihakspeare, vet he held a brief to point out some of bis defects, which VRI>* necessary in order that we should not be overawe! by tbe consensus of opinion of eminent scholars who only spoke in his favour. The want of style in piling up inappropriate and forced metaphors, strained similes, and comparisons, and his tinning aside to play upon words in the middle of a speeoh wUicli was full of pathetic grief were <?nly so "many evidences of tbe fact that SlmkB]%Si« bad not received the best elaesieal education of his day. In support gf this the lecturcr instanced Hamlet's addresses to tbe Ghost in the conjuration scene, .; which in his opinion were scarcely defensible, though they might be assigned as merely so many hysterical utterances. As defects in substance might be notieed the incongruities in some' of the characters in the pluys, notably . in that of Laertes, whose action in conspiring with the King in reference to x>oisoning the foils, and. his heartless, cynical spcech when lie heard of the death of his sister Ophelia, u-ere inconsistent with his previous deportii:out in the play, and really spoilt it as a work of art; while Hamlet's proclamation of his madnes-;, which in other parts he always insisted on being assumed, as his reason for the murder of • Polonins vi-as full of sophistry and lies, 1 so different to liis frank and oprni conduct throughout. In supjxirt of his contentions Mr. Nesbit made references to many other plays, including "Coriolanus," " llomeo and Juliet," and "Troilus and Cressida." At the conclusion of the lecture Professor E. V. Bonlger opened an interesting discussion, in which he particularly criticised the remarks as to the character of Laertes. Mr. Nesbit was accorded a hearty vote of thanks for his critical and scholarly address. ITAI.IAN CHILDREN* IS THE STBKETS OF SIDNEY.—Many will probably share in tbe surprise of Sir Henry Parkes.(says the Erenino .yc'tf of" August's) at tbe statements made by tho deputation which waited 011 him with reference to the employment of Italian children as itinerant luusicians and flowsrsellers in the streets of Sydney. The deputation consisted fQr the most part of 1 talian residents of the city. Tbey assured the Premier that the children iii whose behalf they invoked his aid were the victims of a system whicli was virtually one of slavery. The masters whoui the children served were described as kidnappers, who wrung from them every penny of their earnings, and who kept them in a state of semistarvation. We have all, of course, heard how Italian children are procured by scoundrels .of their own race, carried over to America, and subjected to the vilest treatment, while comlielled to make money as street musicians for their unscrupulous masters. But it was hardly to be supposed that a similar state of thincs existed here. The enquiry promised by Sir Henry Parkes will be awaited with no ordinary interest by the public. It iB just possible that the deputation • may have unconsciously exaggerated the Blatter. What, however, there can be no mistake about is the fact that the streets of this city are full of little Italian lioys and girls., growing up apparently as uncared for as though our Public Schools Act had never been heard of. SOUTH Ac$-RBALIAN RAILWAYS.—Tbu railway revenue for the week endiner August S was £23,3S2, and for the corresponding week of 185(0 wis i"_2,18ti, showing an increase of £1,]!)(;. Wlii'ii w<* ninsider the henpecked husband Ave are 11101c convinced than ever that.woman was made of the backlwno and nut of the spare rib of man. An exchange calls attention to sonic new wrinkles in cuffs. Now, who w;ints to we;ir cntfs with wrinkles in them t Men and women can exercise their luug IX'iver chcst expansion it is called technically -l>y live minutes' exercise morning and evening. Stand up straight on the soles of the feet, head thrown back, and inhale deeply, first inflating the lower part of the lungs and then the upix-r. Then respire slowly, letting the chest sink first and then tbe longs. Do this fifteen tinles morning and night, and take Faulding's Famous Cough Elixir and Ewjalyptus Extract ujwin the first ajipeamnee of any cough or cold, ami yon need not fear :>ny scvi-rc changes of tt-mperittuif. I'ihldi 