IHE BARBER'S GHOST. r Night was coming-on apaoe; a piercing silt wind wildly scattered before it the thick flakes of snow, which were descend ing so as completely to obliterate all traces of the path through a lonely moor, over which a traveller, was journeying, with the hope of reachinu a village, where he intended to remain for the night He ma an entire stranger in those partt, and i •'•» - such was the nature of the country that, under the most favourable circumstances, he would have experienced some difficulty in threading the mazes of the wild .dis trict he had to traverse. In this dilemma, aa his only re»curce, he committed himself to the guiuance of ■ ■ his horse, concluding that tho iuatiact of the noble animal was much better adkpted to the emergency than his own rveson, be wildered as it was. Tho faithful and sa -gaeious creature fully justified the confi dence reposed in him ; bo pursued his course steadily, but cautiously, and in a few hours the traveller, to his indescrib able joy, discerned a faiut glimmering light iv the horizon. By this time, ho was almost sn icicle, and was froien so fast to the saddle that horse ana uder, like the falded centaur, \- formed one \>ody. The noble brute to whose superior sagacity, a " lord of the creation," on this occasion, was indebted for his safety, continued to pursue his course, until'at length the traveller, more dead than alive, arrived at a venerable and spaciouslooki:i^ mansion, which ap peared to have been in former days a castle, as some of the battlement*, the moat and the gothic gateway wera »till re maining. Howgver, as light* appeared in the win dows, and sounds of revelry were heard from within, the stranger did not hesitate to avail himself of the knocker to an nounce his arrival; and after a short in terval, the door was opened. Judge his surpriso and satisfaction st finding himself ushered into a spacious area, the scene, probably, in ancient days, of tilts ami tournaments, but which had by modern improvement been converted into a stable yard, for the accommodation of horses. Some parts of the cattle itself —for snch it was—were transformed into ' comfortable accommodations for travel lers, many of whom were now saft- ly housed,. secure from the paltiujf of the pitiless storm. Our traveller was with difficulty de tachod from his horse, and was shown into the spacious kitchen, in the ingle nook of which ne was thawed down to his natural shape and dimensions, but not before his grotesque appearance had afforded ample merriment to the guests who wrre ca lousing there. As our Kiiest was a wag and a humorist, he avowed to himself that he would be even wills them for their mis timed jokes ; ami he. waa as good as his word, as you williee. After paying a visit to his trusty steed, and seeiug him well fed and foddered, he inquired of the landlady if he could be ac commodated with a bed for himself; hut what was his vexation on hearing that the " ■•" rooms were all eugaged, except one apart •*■ . mint into which no traveller ever chose ' to enter, as it was reputed to be haunted by the spirit of an unfortunate b«r)«r, who bad cut his throat there some three weeks before ; since which catastrophe the room was regarded with so much dread that not a servant in the house could be persuaded to enter it. Our traveller was not a man to be. terri fied by the idle fears of gfcosts ; and as it was out of the eiuestioii to budge that night, he expressed his determination to sleep in the hannted cliamlmr, and a . thought which eroded his mind confirmed * his resolution. The dillirtilty wai to pre vail upou the tiirvaiits to enter th» room to make a fiie and prepare a bed; but by dint of a cci Uiu argument the ; traveller per»uadod them to enter in a boJy, heading and encouraging them him self. At length, everything was arranged for the accommodation of the raah and presumptuous straug-r, as he was con sidered by everyone in the house, from the landlord to th« boots Our traveller, after pirUViiig of a hearty supper, ordered his Lottie and pipe to ue carried upstairs, olisorviui; that . it was his intention to ait up awhile to await the coming of the spirit, and to question him about the dreadful secret that preyed upon his mind and prevented him from resting quietly in his grave. The landlady, who admired, the courage of her guent, while she regretted his rash ness, bade him "Hood night," with "Heaven bless you, sir," which she uttered in a tone of misgiving rather than hope, as if she doubted whether she would ever ace him again. Our traveller lighted his pip« and awaited ttie issue very composedly. The clock struct twelve, the bigh nhange hour of ghosts, but no spirit ap peared. The storm had now increaa«d to a perfect hurricane, and the guests seemed resolved to ait it out, as they had formed themselvei into a party at hazard. Our traveller had, during the night, heard fre quent allusions made to himself, some of the company wondering what would be come of him when the castle hell should _ toll one, which was the signal for the ghost ' to appear. This was news for our tra veller which he did not fail to turn to im mediate advantage, by betting about bin preconceived design of acting the part of ghost himseif. With this view, he converted one of his sheets into a very appropriate spectral robe, around his neck he tied a red garter, to represent the wound inflicted by the deceased barber on bin throat A piece of burnt cork roabk'd him to ilingui-e his " face and render it sullirieiitly hideous ; and, to crown all, a nightcap with a large tassel, with death's head aud croin-lroues represented in front liy tueins of the aforesaid burnt cork. It w.w now on the stroke of one; and, as if to second his visws, the company were just then iuUnt on their pain.'; there was not a minute to be lost; something, however, was needed to compj.tc his coiturue Ho thought . the spirit of thf barber could not be more appropriately uquippeJ than with a razor in one baud and a shaving.box in the other. Ilis jiortmantean coon supplied these requisite ap|>eii lagea, whin it sud denly occurre I to him that it would greatly heighten tha effect if turning spirit were -uKstiluted for the ordinary lather. The remnant in the bottle readily furnished him with the inflammable lather. Conceive him ready for action, awaiting ibe awful signal from th 6 castle turret It sounded at length, aud our ghost, having lighted up tne ethereal contents of r his lather-box, stalked out of the room • with a heavy tread. The strange sound •• and the ominous toll of the bell instantly ■ pnt an end to all noise and revelry amongst the terrified gamblers. With one kick the , spectre forced ojwn the door, and pre • tented himself to the horror stricken com pany. : The ghost deemed it prudent not to ■ allow them to rally their senses ; but as a climax to the scene, holding the razor in one hand and the shaving box in the other, in a deep, hollow voice, said, M WuU . you he shavod I" There is something sufficiently disa greeable in the night of a naked raior fcranduW in »nl«nacfni;»ttitade,bniti« idee, of-Win* ahaved-by *v ghost, and brushed with inflammable lather, ■ too much for human nerve*. The conJpetfiy all rose in an instant; and, aa there wa» fortanately a back door in the room lead ing to the kitchen stairs, through: that they precipitated themselves necka and beets, never stopping until the/ reached the bottom, where they lay apnwliag ia meshles* terror. . ■ Meanwhile the ghost was not idle: hie 'nftewmdasaa apron, into which 1m collected all the money on the table. He then extinguished the candles and retired to his room, chuckling at the complete eucceea of his scheme. How the routed guest* recovered from their fright would be superfluous to re late ; suffice it to say, that at last they retired in foar ana trembling to their beds, without once thinking of the money they hail left behind them, in the apart ment where the ghost so unexpectedly in terrupted their revelry. The noxt morning our traveller in Tain ran); his bell for the waiter; not a soul in the house dared answer theaummons; and when he at length made his appearance below, all seemed to shrink from his pre sence us if it were a second supernatural visitation. He called for his breakfast, but no breakfast was forthcoming, and he vu surveyed at a distance witn glances of suspicion and dread. At length, however, he succeeded ia persuading the landlady, who wai • woman of good understanding, that he w»i tlio identical xtranger who had slept in the haunted chamber, and that be was retllv flesh and blood, and not a ghost This"assurance Jie confirmed by a cordial | shake of the hand, accompanied by a good natured laugh at the fears which his ap pearance had occasioned. The good lady at length summoned courage to enter into conversation with him, and inquired how he had passed the night. " Never better," wan the reply. "Did you hear nothing ?" " Xothing," ha replied. I " Nor see anything ?" I " Why, yes," said he, with an air of in difference ; "an impudent scoundrel of a ItarlMir popped his held into my room at out o'clock in the morning, and asked if I irantad to bo shaved. I supposed the fellow was drunlc, and so I Kicked him down xtairs, and fell a«leep again.' 1 A.i the weather continued tempestuous, the guests remained in their quarters to diuncr : and our traveller joined them at the table. Tho conversation naturally turned to the occurrence of the preceding evening; ami the. hero of the tale was much amused at-the different accounts given of the ghost. One insisted that it was that of the barber most unquestion ably, as he was very well acquainted with him. A second observed that although he lmd never seen the barber while liv ing, he had seen a capital likeness of him, ami that it was as like the ghost as two peas. Another protested that the firo came from his mouth and nostrils, and that his voice resembled that of the un fortunate man who had committed suicide in the chamber which his troubled spirit nightly revisitct!. At "length our friend, requesting per mission to tie heard, thus addressed the company — "Gentlemen, I love a joke as well as any man ; but a joke may be carried too far; and as the belief in ghosts is sa ab surd as it is mischievous, I should be ■orrv that we should part without an ex planation. Ilehold here before you, gentle men, the identical ghost that spread such consternation amonj.it you When I eu tere.l this inn last night you were pleased to Iw very meny at my expenm; and as I always give a llolun i for an Oliver, I. rowed I would be revenged. The idle re port of the jjho-t iv the haunted chamber eu^ested to me the scheme I practise.) with so much success. If you iluulit my word, gentlemen, behold tiie money you left leliiiid in your hurry, and which I bore off with the iuteutimt of restoring to you, aa I no .v do." A a he said thi», he unfolded a handker chief an 1 deposited thu gold upon the table. The explanation, accompanied as it was by the unexpected recovery of the cash, produced v universal roar of laughter. The guests shook tha tra veller t>y the h«nd, heartily thanking him for a leiUnu th»y should never forget to the last hour of their lives. 