now A GOOD SHIP WAS LOST. On tli. night of October 27th. 1842, the good ship -' Mary Oompton," of Bristol, Kn^lwid, «vas-struggling with a fearfal gale off the coast of North America. The' .wind bluefnrion«Iy, bat the weather was .clear, and 1 he<' ptain expected every moment to . ii«t aieht .-f the light in the lighthouse on the Iron Rock Shoals. This lighthouse marked tho entrance to the harbour. ' Once there, and they were safe. Sore of his position, lie sailed on confidently. Five minutes later the ship struck with a fearfal •hock and went to pieces. Four men, indud ing the Captain, were saved. On reach* ing the sho e they found a strange thiiu? had bapp-mcd. An enemy of- the lighthouse keeper had bound him hand and foot and extinguished the light. Sonie. ^ B well .as ships, steer by-the lights. Hope is tlm.most important lighthouse in the world. J What' shall be said of the mań who.ilarke-.fl it in the face of a storm-tossed •pint? 1 " }'ou • re beyond human aid." These words w ere said by a physician to a woman who hi' • ome to consult him. Admitting that h,' 'iioaghtso, had he the right to say so? v " ; for he might be wrong—aodin a >y ca.c he had no business to pat out the Ifcht. This woman hid been ill for some time. In J"'— 1889, she was greatly alarmed by her sy-t :>toms. Her heart palpitated, and 0 giddy she could scarcely stand. Hu 1 whirled " and," she said, " all objects • croed to go into a cloud." She had to hold htrself up or sit down for fear of falling. She broke out in a sweat although cold as death. A dreadful cough racked her frame so that she could not lie down in bed and sleep. " I could scarcely crawl about the house," •he «tys, "I was so weak." I tried, different remedies and medicines without avail. I went to the Dispensary at Npw Briggate and asked the doctor to tell me the worst. His answer was, ' I have mixed ' you some medicine; you can take it or leave it. I took it for three weeks, then gave up in despair. " I talked with two other physicians." The last one «aid, ' Ton are pant human aid.' " My heart sank within me, for I had five little children, and my death would leave them without a mother's love and care. I went home and cried till I was sick. I had no appetite and had lost flesh till I teas] thin at a ghost! My mother came to see me and did not know me. My skin was of a green and yellow colour, and when I ate anything it seemed to stick in my throat. Aoout this time I commenced vomiting, and .what J threw up was tinged with blood. Once T~began to vomit at nine o'clock on a" Saturday morning and scarcely got rest from it until Monday morning. "* At this time I remembered that Mrs Wilson, with whom I formerly worked in Crawford's Mill, in East Street, Leeds (where I lira), had been cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. So I sent to Mr Wesson's, the Chemist, in Great Garden Street, and got a bottle. A few do6es slopped the vomiting, and by degrees from day to day 1 felt better. Soon I could eat a dry crust, and by the time I had finished the second bottle I had got over all my bad symptom*, and was fast getting my strength back. I ain now (April, 1S90), in better health than ever before in my life. " I should have taken Mother Seigel's Onrative Syrup sooner, but my husband was out of work and we had only a trifle coming in from his club, but I thank God I did get it at last, and it cured me, bad off as I was J* U my friends and neighbours know the facts I have related, and I will reply to any letters of enquiry." (Signed), Mrs Ann Mills, 40, Bread Street, York Hosd, Leeds. This was a case of indigestion and dyspepsia, with symptoms showing how far it had affected the nervona system. A few months, or possibly weeks more, and Mrs Mills would have had no tale to tell. She' did wrong to wait one hour for any reason, after having known what Mother Seigel'B Syrup had done for her friend Mrs Wilson. 