tub Early Bushrangers ? -o-f'tasiiania. - ? [Bx James Bonwiok, author of 'Goo. graph of Australia and Now Zealand,1' &o.;, £o.] ? Michael IIowb— (Oontlnuod). Again at largo, -with nn additional hun dred upon his head, and no conllJonco in comrades, Michael henceforth led a solitary life, worried and chased us a wild boast, Clad in raw kangaroo skins, and with a long, shaggy, blaok bourtl, ho had a vory Orson-Iiko aspeotl Badgered on all Bides, lie ohose a retreat among tho mountain fastnesses of tho Upper Shannon, a dreary solitude of cloud-land, tho rooky homo of bermlt eagles. On this olovatou plateau— -contiguous to the almost bottomloss lakes, frnm wlinnn nmljii'.fnrmnri fnnnsHnH in ancient days torrents of liquid lire pourod forth upon the plains of Tastnuuia, or rose uplifted in basaltic mosses like frowning Wellington ; within Bight of lofty hill of snow, having tho Ponk of TouorJfib to tho south, Frenchman's dip and Byron to tho west, Millor's JJIull' to tho casf, and tho serrated crest of tho Western Tier to the north ; ontronohod in denso woods, with surrounding forests of (load pole, through whose leafless passages tho wind harshly whistled in a storm ; thus situated amidst somo of tho sublimest scenes of nature, away from suffering and degraded humanity, tiio lonely bushranger was confronted with his God and his own conscience. Yet it is possible for one to dwell near tho glittering Needles of tho Alps, and have no appreciation of majestic beauty; to witness tho rushing waters of Niagara, and hoar no voice of Doity in thoir roar ; to bask in tho sunlit loveliness of rosy Cashmere, and bond tho fcnco lo the blood-spattered imago of tho Thug. Whon busy memory, in tlioroposoof ovon ing twilight, or amidst tho wild Mountain dance ol tempest fires, would revert to deeds of horror, or call up tho softer shades of guiltless childhood, did no sigh expand that powerful chest, or tear bodow that passion-furrowed countenance ? Dr. Boss wrote his reflections upon a visit to that locality : — ' With romorso of the most homblo robborios and mur ders .upon his conscience, ha was here loft to himself to contrast tho native innocence and seronity of God's works with his own wicked heart, added to tho hourly dread of apprehension. Tlie tumultuous laugh, the heated oxhilaratiun of companions in sin to drown reflection, wero wanting to him. Tho silent liingunge of nature must have incessantly read him a lesson that would harrow up tho soul.' But his dayB wore numbered Ho had constructed a hut in a secluded little mountain valley. Tho floor was neatly laid with bark, a hugo honoysiicklo sheltered it in the rear, and a sweet stream trickled below the grassy slope in front. A visitor in 1823 compared tho placo to the Valley of Basselts, and was charmotl with its scenery. Ho was awo-struck when standing at tho brink of a neighbour ing basaltic precipice, COO foot dnpp to tho dark abyss, through which a silvery lino indicated tho path of tho Ouse, or liig River. » He found tho hut tenanted by tho wife of i one of Mr Lord's stockmen. Interrogating her its to the loneliness of tho situation, ho received for reply these words of mystio import : ' Nothing troubles mo, except «wnon I awako at night, 'find my cow comes to haunt mo.' Tho traveller wondered at hor fears about the gh'ost of hor cow. Hut tho poor 'woman meant tho spirit of Michael Howe, or Mike Howo as ho was popularly called. ; deeming;, tho H suporlluous, sho pro nouncod tho name of this torror of sotllors as 'my, cow.' The,mnnuor of the bushranger's capturo will be'ibest told in tho language of ono of the lucky captors. Wo merely proniiso that Worrell was then a transported Noro mutineer, and Warburton was a cora panion_of the kangaroo hunter and stolen goods receiver. Tho conflict hero nar rated took placo on October 21st^ 1818 :— 'I was now,' said Worrall, 'determined to make^a'push for the capture of this villairK'Mick Howe, for whioli I was pro misect'ii' passage to England in tho noxt ship thaf .sailed, and tlio amount of the lewardMd upon his head. I found out a man of , tho name of Warburton, wlio wa3 in 'the habit of hunting kangaroos for their skin?, und who had frequently met HoweVduring his excursions, and some times furnished him with ammunition. He gave! me BUch an account of Howo's habits, that I felt convinced wo could tako him with or little assistanco. I -therefore spoke to a man named Push, belonging to the 48th Regiment, ono whom I knew was a mmk- coot-ancl'rosoluto follow. Hu im mediately entored into my views, and havingnpplicd to his commanding ollicor, ho was recommended by him to tho Governor, -Uy -whom I was permitted to act, and allowed to join us ; so ho and I wentHijSgtty tq Warburton, i\nd heartily entereu into the scheme, and all things were arranged for putting it into execu tion. The plain was this :— Fugh mid I were to remain in Warburton's hut, while Warburton himself was to fall into Howo's way. joTie/hut was on the River Shannon, BtantW«jJ0v3-mpletely by itself, and so out oifcEe^ track , of n p. body who might bo foarod bjMidwof 'that :, there) w«s fovory probability of accomplishing mir'-wlsh, nigh and I accordingly prooooduil to tho appointod hut. ,:,\Vp,aiTivqd tlioro before daybreak, and having Hindu 'a ??? lidiifty broalifast, Wnrbui'ton sot out to hooU 1 lowo. Ho' took no ?arms with him, in order to still moro oflbotnally oniry his point, but Pugh and I worn providod with nmskots and pistols. Tho suu hud boon just nil hour up, when wo saw Warburton and Howo upon tho top of a hill, coming towards tlio hut. Wo oxpeetod thoy would bo with us in a quartor of an hour, and no wo snt down upon tho trunk of a troo insido tho hut, calmly wailing thoir arrival. An hour passod, but thoy did not come, so I oropt to tlio door cautiously and pooped out. Tlioro I Hawthorn stand Ing within a hundred yards of us in earnest conversation | ns I learned uffan'Minte, tho doloy nvoso from Howo suspecting that nil was not right 1 draw back from tho door to roy station, and in about ton minutes aftor this wo plainly hoard footsteps and the voioo of lvnrburton. Aiiothorinoinont, and Howo slowly ontorod tlio hut— his gun prosontod and cocked. The instant he espied us, ho orio'l out, 'Is Hint your gilmo f and immediately lii'od, but Push's activity provontod tho shot from taking oll'oot, for ho knocked tho gun aside. Howe ran ort' liko a wolf. I lirod, but missed. Pugli tlion halted mid took aim at him, but also missed. I immodiutoly flung nway tho gun nnd ran aftor Howo j Pugh also pinsiioil ; Warburtou was a considorablo distnuco away. I ran vory fast j so did Howo j and if ho had not fallen down an unexpected bank I should not havo beou (loot enough for him. This fall, however, brought mo up with him ; ho was on his logs and preparing to climb a brokon bank, which would havo given him a frco run into the wood, when I a day. At this pathetic appeal tho bush rangers soomod to soften, and aftor con sulting together, thoy proposacl, on cei-tam conditions, to allow him to depart. Thoy stipulated that ho should mot tliom on an appointed day at a particular spot, and bring thoin flour, ton, sugar, and spirits, if ho could procure any ; tnoy would bo op the look out, and his signal to thorn was to bo tho smoko of a firo which ho was tc light. Miko promised to comply, and wns allowed to go his way without further molestation. On the day appointed, he seleotod one of his men on whom he could depend, and taking his musket and dogs, gavo out that ho was going to shoot kangaroos. Whon ho had gono a short distance, he askod Pholiin, ' Would ho liko to see ould Dublin J' ' Jiy tlio l'ipor ol Leinstor I that I would, master,' was tho reply. 'Then by tho holy pokor, ye may,' said Hike, ' if you only stand by mo and do a bould dood.' ' And won't I, nuro,' said Pholini,- 'only inako me certain of sotting my foot in ould Dublin agon, nnd I'll Btand by you, muster of mine, until every bone in this skin is bato to shivercens.' ' Well, I intoud to take Lemon, and if you'll stand by mo, wu'll both. oE ua just got pardoned, and you'll ho sent to ould Ireland agon ntt free as tlio baho just born.' ' T/ion X am tlio boy that will lond you a hand.' Mansliold hnudod Phelim a trooper's pistol, and desirod him to conceal it ; and Hotting fiiskly forward, consulted how thoy should btwt accom plish thoir enterprise. A. good deal of rain had fallon, and it was nearly dirk whon thoy reached tho placo of rendezvous. Pholim, with tlio aid of his tinder-box pro ceeded to kituUo a lire, and Miko, with flour which ho hud provided for tho pur pose, daubed his own and his man's clothos, to make it appear thoy had b-jun carrying a load. When tho firo began to burn thoy cast thoinsolvea on tho ground, protending to he quito exhausted anxiously waiting the arrival of tho bushraugors. In about half-aii-houi' they made their appearance, both well armed. Miko spun a long yarn about losing his way, boing ovorenmo with futiguo, anil obliged to leave tho prog ubout four miles off, in tho hollow of a burned treo, deriv ing ho was unable to retrace his stops that night, but if tho bushrangers would give him rest and food ho would go with tlium early in the morning iwd bring them all ho had promisod ; as ho concluded ho pro duced a bottlo of spirits, of which they all partook, and agreed to adjourn to tho jushraugors' hut, about two miles oil'. The hut was constructed of turf, low and uncomfortable in tho extromo, covoix.il with sheets of bark strippiid from tho largo, forest trfies. Tho liroplaeo, also of turf, lined with stonss at the bjttoin, was at one end of tho hunt, and within it a hugo firo soon bla/.ud. Some excellent beef wna broiled, which Miko strongly suspected to bo part of his 'own kino. They had neither bread nor potatoes to eat with thoir moat, but tho two biiHh rangevs, long accustomed to such lave, mailo a hoarty meal ; tho olliora swallowed a low morsels, and after finishing the bottlo of spirits, tliey all laid clown on kangaroo skins spread on the floor ; first Lemon, then Muuslield, Iheu tho other bushranger, ami tlien I'liei in. Miko and Pholim snored nway, but slept none. In tlio morning Mnusueld began to toss and tumblo about, to try if Lemon would easily wnko, but finding .that both the bushrangers slopt soundly, ho cautiously withdraw the pistols from Lemon's licit, roso warily, gavo ono pistol to Phelim who was still on the floor) and concoalwl the other. Ho than went to a corner whore tho muskets stood, took all but his owii, nnd put thorn in a pool of wutur beforo tho hut j returning to tuo cabin, ho p'rusoiitoil.jiiy.jiilMl.ol i|(; Jiiin, .and djralrort, him to'slr.nd | ho ih- ow iorl.li iitiolheiy but; did not lovo!,il'.;it,iiii), Y,'o navo thoji .about iiftasM yavi].-i ?'fri)lii''biwlV;oUioV— tlio1' bi\nk hu full lioiwoMi us, Iti Htiirmlat mo with astouishmunt, and lo toll you tho ; truth, I was a little iistouUhud at him, for ho whs covurcil with putoliu.'i of kuugaino' Hkimj, and wo'.'o ii, black Iio.miI— a Invver saelc mid powdur-horu slunj; aoro.iM his Hlioaldura. Aftor iv inoniont's pauso, bo orioil out, ' J3ltvok board iigainstgroy bonn for a inillfoiil' and fired | J slappod nt him, mid I heliuve hit him, for bo stag, (torod, but rnlliod again, and ^ya3 oloaWng tho bank htitnuiii him and mo, whon L'u«h run up, and with tho butt-end of his nroTuuk knnuliod hlin down, jmnpod nftor him, and battorod his brains nut, just as bo was oponiug n clasp knifo to dufoud hiiiisulf.' Tims (inishod Michael Howo. Ills hoad wns cut ofl' uud triumphantly exhibited in Hobnrt Town. Wo nro tolil tliut. ' the countenance, betrayod tbo lineninonts of a niui'dorer truly horrifio.' Synio, ilia his torinn, says : — 'During his long career of guilt, Jliuhael Howo was nuvor. known to pui-furni oua Itiiiimiie act.' Long »ms the rujoieing upon tho fall of tho Black Douglas of Tasinanian households. I.13M0N. Lommi ivns ono of Sliuhnol Howes con toinporaries. The scono of his oxploits is tlio neighbourhood of Oattnnds, in tho centro of tho island. Tho swampy smirco of the Uivor Jordan, onco visitud by tho wn'tur, was known as Lemon's lJugoau. Tho favourito liiunlt of tiiis ronownoil foot pad is nnw called Ijomou Springs, lialf v.'.iy iiotwucn Jurioho and Oatlands, A linv spcuklcd hill near that marsh was his ?I'u'.iusti, whenco ho issued on tlio approach of a traveller, Wo havo a luminous ii count of tho Rapture of this worthy mate of Stiku'a from tlio pan of flfr. Parker, barrister, somo live- and twenty years ago, and wo cannot do better thnn give it in that gt'iilloimui's own language :— ' In tho autumn of 1815, Michaol IVIaiisflold, a prisoner holding a ticket of leave, and ro niiling near the lilaok Bush, wont forth ono afternoon to look for hoiuo cattlo of his oivn, and somo ho had in chaigo belonging to others. These were gra/.ing at a distance from his hut, and ho procooded. briskly onward, following a cnltlo-track tlirough a dense forest, which ho know lod to whoro tho hord was pasturing. Suddonly his progress was arrested by two savage looking-fullows, ono ouiorging from either sido of tho path. Thoy wero dressed in kangaroo skins, sandals of the same un thoir feet, nud knapsacks on thoir backs ; each carried n uuiskot, and ono had a brace of pistols stuck in his girdle. Mans field immodiatoly recognised ono as Loinon, tho robbor and bushranger. Mike, how over, being a truo son of Hibernia and an old man-of-war's man, was a strangor to fear, nnd resolved to maku tho best of a bad bargain, Tjeinon askod who and what lie was, to wh ich Miko unswoiod truly, aud bi« own native tongue. Tho bushrangers then cast off their Icnapsuoks (which sei-.nr.'il well tilled), and coinmaudod llans liuld to curry them, warning him at tho who linw that if lie iittomptod to escape they would shoot him on tho spot. Poor MuusuVld joggod on under bis weary load, vuntininir now and then a few remarks on tlie ' trculinent ' poor prisoners mot with in this curaeil country; and 'troth mid fiiuo' ho was but a poor prisoner himself, and never hurt nor muddled with no ono, fur les.'i a biitthraiigur ; uud hu was aftor hoping they were not going to ill-uso him, or tako liim away from his poor dumb 1 basics' ; for snro they'd all bo ustray, miistur would havo liim cattod, nnd poor Mick would bo a ruined man for over and oxnminod tho flint and priming of his own pioeo. Finding nil right, ho gavo the bushranger a push with his foot, calling out at tlio snmu time, ' Ijoinon, you are. my prisoner.' I^amon folt on ono sido and thon on tlio oilier for his iiistols ; finding them gone, bo started to his feet, and drawing a long knifo, was about to rnnko a luiigo, wlion jkliiiwliol'd i)iillod tho trigger. Tbo ball went through the robber's head, and ho fell a lifeless corpse Tho report of JlunssHold's muskot awoko tho other outlaw, who. seeing his com panion's corpso, dropped on his kiieos and implored morcy. Abiusflold only said, ' Now, my tight fellow, bo after taking that thoi'o knifo, cut your muster's hoad oil', put it into that bag (pointing to it), throw it over your shoulder, and .trudgo along with us.' The man shuddered at tbo command, and it required threats, and promises of intercession with the Gover nor, to pro vail on him to do tbo deed. ' IJy Sniut Patrick !' ejaculated Phelim, 'it nchmp job, anyhow, bairin' tbo bloody bead Not a iniunit ago it wns tho shy of a copper whoso throats worn cut. I3o ofl' on yor ton toes, yo tbnof of tho world, and bless tho saints ye don't carry yor own ugly mug in tho bag with yor niastor's.' They had sixty-six miles to walk, and it was night whon they reached ilobart Town. Alausfield, however, wont directly to Uovoruuieiit House, and was most graciously received. Tho nowa spread quickly, but all considered Miko and Pholim deserved, public rewards. Tlio Governor accordingly gave each a free pardon, and to Miko a grant of land on the Dai-wont, nnd to Phelim a free passago to ' ould Ireland.' The prisoner's Jifu wan spared, but ho was banished lo a pouul settlement.' (TO BE CONTINUED.} 