CBARXKR III.-STRONG EVIDENCE. The next morning Miss Hawkins sat at the bin cau like the ghost of herself, so pale and lifeless she appeared. She might have been the Sphinx propounding her enigmas, and waiting to destroy the unhappy people who failed to guess them, so cold and hard and heartless did she seem. ? ' Mason, on the other hand, looked like the next prospective victim, and, indeed, by his nervous manner owned himself quite equal to giving it up before the puzzle should be pro pounded for solution. The big clock that boomed out the quarters on -wires had just signalled the flight of the first 15 minutes since noon, as the long hand pointed horizontally on the big dial high up above the bureau at which Esther sat. The cold orucl look of the woman seemed symbolised by that stern hand reaching across the dial, and pointing to that from which there .was no retreat, of which not one tittle should ever be recovered. Mr. Mason, who made a feeble manoeuvre of . pretending to look out of one of the windows which were being polished up for the day might in his heart have envied any one of the fifteen minutes that had been able to fly. The girls and waiters were washing and dry ing, dusting and arranging in preparation for the day's campaign, which rarely commenced before an hour past noon. , , , , r Two or three of the girls wondered why Miss Hawkins was so early in her place, a T iii an v more noticed how silent Mr.Mason was, but such matters were like the lull before the ptorm, only thought of afterwards. The straight, hard, far-reaching hand ap proaching the next figure on the dial seemed to point down .towards the vacant seat next to that which Esther occupied. Just then Alice ascended the few stairs by the Bide of the bureau, and stood under the clock, by Esther Hawkins's chair. . . " "Esther,.I am going out for a short time, ^"Gdiig out," echoed the other. Then she went on, " And so early in the morning, too ! Why V ? ' .'"Why!" exclaimed Alice. "Because I choose to do so." "Mr. Mason i" said Esther, paler than ever, with a cruel anger kindling in her eye, as if the «nigma was being asked, '-Mr. Mason, will you step here, please ?' _ . If Mr. Mason were Uidipus to solve the riddle he did not look very confident in his own powers, and certainly gave but a bad illustra tion to the, Sphinxian conundrum; for although it was near noon he could not have ? fitiotvii more disinclination to walk upon bis two legs. " jjj.. Mason, it is important for you to come to me for a minute," called out Esther, once more summoning her. unwilling conspirator, who gave a little start as if her wordB were pebbles, and had actually struck his ears. "You know," whispered Miss Hawkins, as the unwilling Mason reached the bureau, "that there have been most unsatisfactory defalca tions with the daily cash of late." " How does this concern me r angrily asked "Wait one minute please," said Esther, while she looked at Mason. - , " "There have been shortcomings, certainly, mumbled Mason. "This morning Miss Maitland has ttie unusual .wish to go out before business may be - taid to have commenced," emphasised Esther. " What do you mean, Esther V' gasped AGce, whose face was as pale with passion as was that of the other woman from a different cause. . "Will ycti step downstairs, or would you like all the girls to hear us ?' asked Esther. "Miss Maitland," stammered Mason, "if you will be guided by me, I would advise you to finish our little interview in the room below." Without answering either of them Alice descended the staircase by the side of the bureau, being followed by Esther and Mason. "Now," said the former, turning on her assailants, I will hear what you have to say." "You will have to hear, whether you like to do so tor not," replied Esther. " In a word, we suspect you of abstracting money from where it should remain in the bureau, and I ask you to allow the contents of your purse to be examined." ^ AB she spoke she beckoned to some one in the corner of the room, who had been pre viously unnoticed in the shade, and a police officer approached the trio. With an indignant glance Alice flung her purse upon the table. «H)f course it is only a matter of form," stammered Mason. ."Will you examine the contents of the jrarse first and apologise afterwards?" said lather. With a glance at Miss Maitland that seemed half' to deprecate and half excuse his action Mason turned-out the contents of Alice's pretty little purse upon the table, and com menced examining the coins that he had thus brought to view. c Mr. Mason turned the money over in a per functory sort of way, as if he were going through a very irksome form which he desired to make as brief and unimpressive as possible. " Yon are passing that florin, sir," said Esther in a voice of exulting vindictiveness. Mason picked up the two-shilling piece with manifest reluctance, and raised it near his eyes. Yes! there was unmistakably a line drawn across the three lions passant on the reverse ,«ide of the coin, a mark made the previous night by Esther in Mason's presence before the money was returned to Mr. Jeffries' cashbox, kept m a drawer of the bureau. "How did you become possessed of this florin, Miss Maitland?" inquired the manager. " This coin was marked by Miss Hawkins." A sudden thought struck the surprised but indignant girl. Yesterday afternoon, after drinking some coffee, she had felt suddenly drowsy. Had the bitter enemy, whom she. had mistaken for a friend, drugged the beve rage so as to put the marked money into her purse while she was unconscious ? I cannot answer you," she said to Mason, whilst her gaze was steadily fixed on Esther. " Yesterday afternoon I had an uncontrollable sleepiness come upon me. Perhaps at that time the florin was placed in my porte monnaie." ."When did this happen to you?' asked Mason, with almost a hopeful tone in his Toiee." " Yesterday afternoon," replied Alice. "This florin was marked by Miss Hawkins | .last night after she had spoken to Mr. Jeffries and to me," said Mason, in a tone o£ regret "I presume you will charge her with the , theft," said Esther, whose every word seemed ' to wound and burn like a red-hot dagger. \- "That is a,responsibility I should not like to incur of my own act," said Mason. "If Miss Maitland will allow me to lock her in her room until I can find Mr. Jeffries-say in an IsoTir or two-I daresay he will give the matter more consideration than I in my position can expect to da" "I have told him what I suspected," began Esther, but before she could proceed Alice had xipied to Mr. Mason that she would comply witli his suggestion. Then the accused and the manager left Esther and the police officer and ascended to the room that was to be a temporary prison. 