The Traveller. Superstition Mountain. One of the strangest and most we rd tales of superstition comes from the mouutain regions of Ariz ma, hardly a score of miles from tho capital of that territory. -Here, in the desolation ot the mountain fastnesses, tcrharA nnlir ftm hardv hunter and nrnsnAAf- ing miner ever walk, is a lone mountain pesk that extends high into the sky and which is called Mount Superst tion, a name given it by a race of Indians that at a very early period roamed ovei this part of the country, which at a later epoch became the hunting gronnd of the savage and traacherous Apaches. At tho extreme western edge of tho summit of this ghost-baunted mountain can be seen to-day toe crumbling ruins of an old stone fort, from which a grand view of the country is to be had. Within the enclc sure that surrounds the walls of this old fort is perhaps an aere of land, or rather rock. This mountain is the possessor of a strange Indian legend, and has for years been held in such veneration by tho rod men of Arizona ss to prevent even toe most in trepid warrior from hunting on or even visit ing it. In the early ages prior to the establish ment of missions, which the archives show to have been more than two centuries ago, there came up the -Salt River Villey a strange tribe of Indians, who settled at the foot of Superstition Mountain. They were not a race of giants. Instead their stature wis about four feet, aud they cime into the valley 1,000 strong, and brought with them a drove of strange animals— evidently sheep. At this early age Ariz >na was the home of the warlike Papago and Pima Indians, who held in fee simple the valleys, while the mountains were held by the savage Apaches. These strange invaders we e peaceful and followed the avocation -of farmiug, and tho Apachc3 regarded toem as possessing super natural powers and as holding s rict com munion with the G re it Spirit; and for this r :tcoa the qu'tter tribe was not molested. The Indians at once began work by irrigat ing and tilling the soil. On the summit of the mountain they built a stone wall, where at night they Blapt in security from the en- er -achments of their warlike neighbors. The religious rites of the strangers surprised ; the Apaches. Waen the sun rose on the eastern slopes the dwarfs would r'se and, fauing the orb of light, stand motionless until it had risen; above the mo intiias. Then they would lie face downward for sev eral moments, during, which incantations were performed by tho me iicine men, af er which they would rise and go about their drily work. Tie dwarfs occupied their little dom in' for five 3 oars, whin the Apaches, who had traded with the 'little men' were given a 'surprise. The A aehes h d often noticed that the central figure ia all. the religious' rites f the dwsr's had been a woman much taller than the dwarfs, commanding in ap- pea' a rev with a white skin aid long, fliw- ihg,; light hair. In their ign or, nee and su- peratitioi, the Apaches attached to this queen supernatural pewers. Daring ho five years they -had never seen this woman ih the valley, and they noted that the little . Indians regarded her as a deity. Abcnt the jinidJle of the summer of toe fifth je r the ; Apaches learned that a body of armed war- ri ra were marching in o the country froiu the south. They prepared for defence, but ilearned that the coming w.rriors were only iin search of tne dwarfs, and they abandoned .hostilities! In toe meantime the Apaches noted toe agitat:on of toe dwarfs and saw them making preparations for resisting a foe. Great piles of stones were piled on the edges of the pre cipices overlooking the valleys, the sbeep were driven into the mountains and the rude farming utensils taken to the summit. The Apaches, who are natural born assassins, had no grievance against the dwarfs, but were not displ ased with the prospects of war, for they thought it. would be to their gain. The chief of the Znuis, as the invaders called themselves, told a strange story to account for the hostilities of the tribe against dwarfs. He Baid that a dozen years before, the priests of his tribe had journeyed to the wattrs of the rising sun. Here they found among a tribe of Indians a beautiful pale- faced qua w. By a barter the priests secured the woman and brought her home, where Bhe was held in high veneration and re verence. The tribe regarded her as possess ing supernatural and divine powers. The chief now in command of the invaders pro posed to wed her, but she fled and took refuge with the dwarfs, who were a branch of their tribe, which was an offshoot of toe Pueblo Indians. The chief commanded toe dwarfs lo sur render the pale-faced squaw, but they par leyed and migrated. The chief had now come to secure the woman and punish toe dwarfs. The invading warriors were about 700 strong, and were armed with bows and arrows, rough spears and stone battle-axes. Tae dwarfs were scarcely arme i at all, and the Apaches figured an easy victory for the invaders. The armed warriors followed the mountain ridge, and approached Superstition Mountain without attempting to scale it steep sides. It was a bright warm afternoon that the invaders approached the fort. Not a person was in Sight but one, and she, the white woman, stood outside toe rough walls, by the side of a muddy pool about 100 feet from , toe wall. She knew that not an arrow wonld be shot nor a spear thrown at her, and she stood there, her hair streaming in the breeze, a picture of beauty that even toe untutored Indians could not help but admire, a fitting gauntlet of battle for the knight errants of old. Urged by their chief the Indians made a wild rush toward her ; hut she stood still, the most perfect confidence marked in every featnre of her beautiful face. "When the foe was hat a short dis tance away she picked up an alia — or earthen jar — and emptied the contents into their midst, and then ran quickly, scaling the wall by a ladder that was drawn up after her. In a moment halls of ftie seemed to roll over the mountain. Many of the Indians fell dead on their way to the fort ; others, terror-stricken, jumped over the precipices and met their death. The chief was one of toe first killed, and toe disorganise 3 bund retreated, while the Apache sentinels who had been stationed to watch the litt'e battle fled in terror. Several hundred o£ the in vaders perished, and nat an arrow was fired. The Indians who escaped said at once that their defeat was brought about by the Great Spirit and returned home. After this the wonderful powers of the white squaw wero spread throughout the country into every In dian tribe, and this was sufficient for a time to protect toe dwarfs. Two years after this a hand of Chirieahua warriors, the most bloodthirsty of the Apache nation, risi'ed toe Pinals in the valley. While intoxicated on pulque they attaoked toe dwarfs in the night and met a like reception to toe Zuhis, which killed many of toem. From this time toe little dwarfs were unmolested for several summers, when they disappeared as suddenly a3 they came, going to the southward. The Apaches called the while woman 4 Pale- frced Lightning,'- and claimed that she had disappeared in a blaze of fire and that the dwarfs, knowing their protector had gone, fled to a more secure place. The spirit of the pale-faced squaw is now supposed to reside in a cave in the mountain, and not one ' of the Indians can be hired, to this day, to go up the Superstition Mountain. The phenomenon that so surprised the In dians is explained by a gentleman residing at Phoenix, A. T. — Mr. P. C. Bicknall. He saya that on the north side of the precipice near the old fortification, is a dyke of pyrit- ous iron, and on the south side the mineral appears in "the form of copperas. In the latter there was a small hole in which water, imp egnated with salt, was constantly drip ping. From this, across toe mountain, where veins of copper in the native state. The copper stringers connecting toe ledges rest- . ed cn a kind of slag, produced by volcanic heat. Here was a positive and negative pole connected with a good, electric conductor, and a chemical decomposition taking place that would produce a current sufficiently strong to be destructive to animal life. Hamilton's ' Resources of Ariz oni a' makes reference to toe ' Cava of the Spirit Mother ' as it was called by the Indians, and which is supposed to be toe cave where tho spirit of the white squaw lingers, as follows ; 4 In another cave, on the south side of the Salt River, on removing the debris, pieces of cotton and cotton cloth have been found six feet below toe present floor. The relics were in a good state of preservation, the cotton being of a silky fibre. One of toe pieces of cloth showed a rude attempt at ornamentation, having small eyelets worked by some sharp-pointed instrument.' The . author might have truthfully added that the crumbling bonos of a solitary human being were also found in tito oaye. 220. , - 