HOUSE OF RIMMON. 4 STORY OF TEE 44 BLACK COUNTRY , BOUTE 6TAFFOEDSHIBB. BY JEANIE G WYNNE BETTANY, Author of AUNT SASCKN'B TWO Lbqaohu," BTO. CHAPTER LIX.— Tite Pains of .Fbeedom. After her mother's death and burial, Made line -returned to Mr. .Saltring'e without any reeistence on her fataieFs part. It was agreed between her uncle and herself that she should not part suddenly from those who had be- fnmHAi) Iiap in hnr bam niuul \fnrnnv«r. tW determined not to be precipitate in letting the events which had occurred become known to their relatives, for Mr. Rockingham well knew that nothing short of the most dexterous action would ensue for hie niece any recognition by them. Besides the Settlings, only one family was admitted into confidence, namely, the Towers ; and that caxne about this way. Mr. Rockingham, had resolved to make in quiries ae to the places Pelbois had visited when he had come to Bangtail; and fortune so far favoured him that it was of Jody Waddy he chanced to inquire first. Early in the morning after his return from Manchester, be looked first on the church steps for Jody, who was indeed there, smoking ma little dirty pipe. He touched his hat as the clergyman approached, and then waited for Mr. Rockingham to address him. 44 It's not worth swearing about, Jody, pnt in the clergyman. 44 It's a plain question, and requires only a plain answer." " Have yon seen a strange, foreign-looking gentleman about here anywhere t" Mr. Rock ingham asked. ' An' if I haven't," responded Jody, solemnly looking upwards, 44 may the Lord " " Well, then,' resumed Jody, in a tone which implied that he was quite ready to give the plain answer required, but that he perhaps took the word in & wrong sense, " he wor the darnedest tongue ' «« That isn't quite what I meant," explained Mr. Eookingbam. 44 Do yon happen to know whom he came to see?" «< it might ha' been me," replied Jody, shaking his shaggy bead," by the way as he, called me 'my friend,! when he tought to ha' knowed, too, as I'd rather be friends with a polecat, or xny missis yonder, than 'im. I've never been well sin' he wor here, and Tm feared ae he wished me ilL" 44 Well, well," said Mr. Rockingham, grow ing impatient under this tirade, for he felt sure he referred to Pelbois, as in a place like Langton a foreigner was so rare a visitor, 44 What wee he like ?" 44 1 don't know," answered Jody. I couldn't abide to look at 'im. He looked black enough, 1 know that ; an' he pulled a hat over his faoe, be did, an' he asked me to show 'im the way to Doctor Towen'e, an' then had the faoe to grumble at the road. An', O Lord, don't I wish I had the burying of 'im ; he wor the aggravatineet forriner ' Jody, to his utter surprise, found himself left at this point by the clergyman. He looked after him as he disappeared down the road, with a fixed eye of disapproval. 44 Oh !" he exclaimed, 44 1 thought he wanted to know about it, but it's like 'em all— they all leave me to talk to the ghosteees. I ain't rare the ghoeteeee ain't better to talk to : they don't snap a man's nose off in a-answerin of 'em, the ghoetesee dou't Old Betty might, but she ain't a right and proper ghost, to my mind, an' the couldn't walk for a good while afore she died, eo I don't suppose er ghost can walk." And the old man filled his dirty pipe again. It was a habit of bis to haul about a spade, as 1 another man might have done a stick, as a mark of office. He had got his spade now. He only knew one song, and that was appro priate to his office ; and between his puffs he it now, though he hadn't the faintest notion of keeping in tune, and had considerably mutilated the words, in years of repetition. The refrain he liked best wis — I've buried 'em deep, aod my duty I've done ; and one line, referring to the numbers the gravedigger of the song had buned, always brought to his face an individual smirk. Once in. eingiug this song at the Bull's Head, when a little the worse for drink, he had remarked to one of his companions— no, not companions, for be had none— but to one of those seated beeide the same tire with himself at that time, 44 If there'd only come a pestilence, as they talk of in the church, an' I could 'ave the boryin' of 'em, I believe 1 wouldn't mind dvin' at the end of it myself. When I know as I've buried more than any other sexton, my duty I'll have done.' Mr. Rockingham was far out of reach of the eong, for rapid strides bad carried him to the corner bouse, inhabited by the doctor and his family. Doctor Towers had always had a friendly feeling for Mr. Rockingham, because he bad never taken advantage of his priesthood to inquire into private affaire, so he was always welcome when he criled. The tiny sittingroom wae empty When Mr. Rockingham entered it, and eat down ou one of the chintz-covered chairs, and looked down the street through the small window. The doctor wae just starting out on his first round, but he came at unce to Mr. llocking- ham. 44 You are just going out, I few," he began, 14 and what I have come about cannot be put in a nutshell. Had I not better walk with yon ?»' 44 If you don't mind,'' said the doctor, "I should be very glad if you would, as there are some patients I ought to see early. There's a good deal of sickness about." The clergyman took his hat and put it on, as the sign that he was ready, and he and the doctor passed out of the door, and had soon left the straggling village behind. 44 1 hope you will not think," began the clergyman, with some diffidence, 4i that what I am going to say is undue Interference with your affaire. It you will have the paticnoe to hear me, you will see that at any rate I am as deeply implicated as any one can be m the affair of which I am going to speak, and my only motive is to liberate you, if possible, from what must be, if my surmises are correct, a most bitter bond. A man who has caused me the bitterest trouble my life has knovn is, 1 find, also connected with your bouse." The doctor's great cbset heaved, and hiB piercing eyes oaught all the expression of the clergyman's face as he spoke. 44 The name of yonr married sister is the euae as that of the man I have alluded to 1 have traced the man to your house." The doctor's face became very )>ale. 44 Will you tell me in the same friendly spirit in whioh I ask, if that man ever professed to marry your sister?" 44 He did marry her," replied the doctor, hoarsely. 4 Can you give me the date ?" 44 It was February, 18—." 44 Yea are sure of that?" 41 1 have reason enough to be rare." "Pubbthed by nisetai arraagenxat vita MsSML Ward Lock, and do, publishers. Then," said the clergyman, I am, indeed, a messenger of good to you." 44 How can you be ?" 44 He is not your sister's husband," 11 Explain yourself." u He married my sister before that date." The doctor stood still in the road. The clergyman also stopped. The two men looked at each other, a new meaning in eoch face. What a bond there is in a common sorrow ! That interchanged look made these two men I brothers, "Strange, passing strange!" said Towers. 44 How can I rejoice in your preseace'r 1 fee) as if you had taken my place in a prison-cell. All the rest is small," he added, thinking of his sister, 44 compared with her bearing his name and being his wife. That he had betrayed, roinedlher, seems nothing to it. At least she is still mine, and need never trouble herself about him again." 44 How you must have suffered,'' responded the clergyman sadly, "to have learnt your lesson so well ! I too have had to learn that the case is less wretched when a beloved one is cheated and rained by a bad man, than wheo he has the right to call her his property, and bid her go ana oome, and none are able to help or forbid. When I eaw Pelbois he told me he hod been somewhere after money. Have you indeed been paying him to leave to you what was not his to claim ?" 44 That is the whole story." 44 Then it is over, and I have been a messenger of good after all." 44 Yon have indeed ; von have removed the shadowthatcovered ouihouBe. Death removed one; you have removed the other. If things like this happen to me, I shall believe there is a God of mercy after all." The clergyman did not begin, as some very yotmg curates would have done, to attempt to prove to this mam of science the existence of a God of mercy. Mr. Bockingbam confined his preaching to We pulpit; moreover, he wae far-sighted enough to see that Dr. Towers was taking a lesson from a Greater Teacher at that moment, for he had given one little glance up ward, and his eyes were swimming with team. They walked on a little further, and the doctor said, 41 Yon have been so very kind to me, and made yourself so close a friend by what you have done, that it cannot be wrong in me to aak yon if yonr sister is beyond the reach of that man." "She is beyond the reach of that man, beyond the reach of everyone. Man could not free her, eo God did it;" and he added, ae if determined to be thoroughly frank with this man, whom he had respected all alopg, and now felt a strong I affection for, by reason of their common silent suffering — 44 My sister had a daughter. She is with me. So God has not left me entirely desolate." The doctor looked inquiringly. 44 You most guess it already. Madeline is my niece, but I ao sot wish it to be known at present- I must breaJc it carefully to my family. I would not have Madeline suffer in justice at their hande. She must not go to them or be known to them unless in her right ful position." 41 Pride ie a hard dictator at times." re marked Dr. Towers, with a sigh. 14 That ie true," replied the vicar, 4< and my family I have found as hard as ever, even when I took my poor darling's remains to their resting-place m the family vault. But I have apian in my head that shall right Madeline, and until then she shall remain at Mrs. Salt- ring's as before, which ehe is very willing to do." Moremight have been B&id;, hut the doctor's time was of importance, and they were at the gate of the house he was to visit first. Dr. Towers was so light hearted when be entered his patient's room, so very chatty, that the very sight of him produced a good effect ; and when he had loft that house and wae once more in a country lane, he found himself unwontedly singing. Then when at last he was at liberty to return home to his usual early dinner, he made some purchases of pedal dainties in the village, out of their reach hitherto, and sent them on before him to herald the approach of better fortune. Miss Towers took in the basket herself when it arrived, and called her sister's attention to it. 44 What can be the meaning of his spending all this money?" said Madame Pelbois, as we hall continue to call her. 44 These things mu6t be so expensive. It's bo early in the season." 44 1 teu you what it is," said Amy, putting her thin hands together tightly, "we are some how in luck." 44 Very much so, indeed," said Dr. Towen, coming upon them. 44 We shall be hereafter as other people, peaceful and unmolested. Isn't that something?" The two poor ladies looked almost soared. What could they think? He took each by an arm and led them into the little sitting-room, and closed the door. , 44 Girls," he said, 44 1 declare for the first time thiw room does seem to be horribly small and inconvenient." His sisters dared not speak. They were imrirt afraid of mood of his. The doctor was only amused by the fear in their faces, and tantalisingly went on, holding bad news as it were high above their beads. 44 What do you eay to the gabled white house, Amy?" , 44Tfae gabled white house! Mr. Richard son's house?" "Not Mr. Richardson's now," said the doctor, his faoe smiling all over. 44 Don't you think it would suit us "r" " Why do you talk of 6ucb things," answered Louisa deprecatingly, 44 when you know they axe quite out of our reach?" 41 Out of our reach they were," replied the doctor, 44 so long as other people spent our money for ue; but not eo if our income were our own. Wehave never been short of income, bat others have spent it for us ; that has beeu it, and that is all ended." "He is dead!" exclaimed Madame Pelbois witb&gasp.; "Then he ie dead !" 44 Dead to you, mv Louisa, for ever and ever." said the doctor, taking her face, eo thin and careworn, between hie two large bands. 44 He is dead to you. He is to you as if he had never lived. You have had a had dream, that is aH. ' None of it has ever been," he went on, look ing with glowing eyes at the pale faoe he held. 44 We must all believe that." 44 Tell us what you have heard, at once," insisted Amy. 44 You have heard something; tell us the meaning of it all." 44 My love," said the doctor, 44 there is nothing to tell but this. Louie is your own, very own sister, just as if she had never gone away ; no one else has any right over tier. There is no more to tell than that. He has beeu & villain to you, Louie ; but it is all over. He has no right over you ; he never had. He dare not trouble ue again. He was a married man at the very tim® " He did not finish his sen tence, and it was not needed. It was all understood now. Perhaps the doctor would not have looked so disappointed when Louisa showed no sign of pleasure had be weighed more carefully the difference between bis position aud hers. He looked for a wild outburst of joy from both his sisters at the news he had communi cated, and it was received in dead silence. The doctor had not made allowance enough for the physical and mental degeneration which comes &o; often to women who sit at home and suffer, while the happier men go forth to work. They had not the power left in tlieni to suddenly rejoice at anything, but they bad that inuate fear and suspicion that come of such experience, and could sot allow their minds to trust that they had at last sure ground beneath their feet. When the doctor saw the cold and apa thetic way in which they received the news, his heart sank into a depression for the time being as deep at that which had been his for years until that morning. Tn his depression he began to ask himself whether the news he had heard was true, whether be had been too hasty; whether, in fact, their trouble was over; and be felt that nothing could remove this torture of mind but some positive proof. So with a kind of prophetic impulse, he said to his sisters. 44 You don't re alise it. I will fetch you proof and went out. As he spoke the words they were echoed hack to him ae if some one elee had spoken them; nil a great courage welled up within him. He was not going to seek proof : he wae going to fetch it ; and naturally enough his feet took him into the vicarage. He was not long there ; and when be came out with, if anything, a more buoyant look ou his face than he had worn in tho morning, cur worthy eeston accosted him with — " Wm a fever broke out. Doctor Towers "Not that I know of," answered thedoctor, not wishing to be interrupted. 44 O lord," said Jody, disconsolately, " I thought there wor; you look so jolly glad. And, he added, explanatorily, 44 other folk's trouble's yours and myblesrin', aiu'tit, doctor? Folia die so we can live, don't they?" 44 1 don't get my living by killing people,'' responded thedoctor snappishly, aud walked on, with hi6 hand pressed against his side, where his pocket was, as if he had a pain in it. He banged open his door, to the serious damage of the lock. But what of that? He would not he there long, he knew. He found the letters where he bad left them. 44 If you want proof," he esid, 44 look here. It was a bona-tide copy of a marriage certificate. 44 It'e true, Louisa, eaid Amy. 44 You were never married to him at all and ehe began to feel something of her brother's gaiety of spirit. " Where is yonr womanhood, Amy," cried Madame Pelbois bitterly, 4 'that you triumph in my disgrace? If I am not his wife, what am ! I ? A disgraced being, lit only to creep to a I corner, and hide, and die." I " Why should you die, because you havo been deceived r" replied her brother. " -After .all, is not anything better than to know your self the property of that man !" 44 At the cost of being no longer an honest woman," rejoined Louisa, with bitter irony. 44 1 am to have my freedom from him at that price." 44 Look here," said the doctor, striking the tablo with his heavy fist till it shook, 44 Let me hear none of that society cant about honest womtm. Is society your God to judge yon ? I believe," be went ou, with an energy that caused the little room to vibrate, 44 that all tbia world's judgments will bo reversed in another. There can be no disgrace where there is no sin." 44 But I live in the world, and what will the world call me when they get to know ?" 44 Can it matter what the world ealla you, when it called the greatest and purest being that ever lived, blasphemer? Hold up your head, and do not fear. Give the lie to any word, by your look. Integrity is stronger than slander, and silent truth invulnerable against busy lies. I promise you, you 6hall have no tijoe to dwell on this : you shall be up and doing. I mean to take the white house I spoke of ; not to leave you in it ell day when I'm away, though, I shall do what Mr. Saltring long ago recommended ; I shall have a carriage, and you shall go out with xne; and you can't think about everything all at once." Louisa only looked more melancholy at all this, said to cheer her. She would have to lean like a child how not to be miserable ; and it threatened to be as hard a lesson as any ehe had ever had to learn. The doctor, however, was sanguine. Nothing seemed to check the sadden flow of his spirits since he had had the proof. And before long the white house scheme was carried into execution, much to the general satis faction of the Langtonians, who looked upon the doctor ae their property, and his respecta bility as in some way or other reflected upon them. CHAPTER LX.«— Kezulh SFEAKE. 14 Mamma," said Lucy Bereditb, looting up from some work she was doing, "I can»t be quite happy, for Rupert looks so sad. I thought at least wc should be happy to-day, when to morrow we are to be married." 44 You cannot expect him to look happy, my dear, until it is all over. It is afterwards you may hope to make him happy, and then you : muet not expect everything to happen in a day." 44 I wouldn't so much miud, if I could feel sure it would come right afterwards." " Nobody can know the future," Mrs. Beredith replied ; 41 it is well they can't. You'll be all right, so long as yon do not demand too much of a man who has had hie experience. He cau't help growing to love you, Lucy. I am sure he was beginning to love yo.u before he eaw Keziabi If you urir'hluayfc. kind" and gentle, and willing to. let- him be gloomy and , silent and never -look gloomy and silent your- 1 6elf because of it, I will answer for it, it w'iil be as happy a marriage as anyone could desire." And the good lady thought in her own miud, and it may be forgiven ber, that Lucy was, after all, so much more lovable and more suit able to be Dr. Elworthy's wife than Keziah. 14 You see, my dear," she went on, "you will go right away from England, and be seeing new things. There will be nothing to remind him of England and trouble; and enjoying things together is sure to prove a great tie." Lucy Btniled, though not very happily. 44 But what if," she said, with hesitation, 44 it should all prove wrong afterwards V What can we do then ?" Mee. Beredith held up her white fat hande deprecatingly. " Those are only morbid fancies," she said, 44 foolish, morbid fancies. When I married your father, I wondered whether we should get on, and all that sort of thing, and what could happen if we did not. But we got on all right, and were the beet of friends, though it wasn't exactly a love match.' And her eyelias trembled a little, and her ample bosom heaved. 44 But, you see, papa had never loved any- , body but you." 44 But I had loved some one else," replied her mother ; and seeing Lucy '6 astonished look, ehe gathered her upron up, with her work in it, and abruptly changed the subject. 44 We'll see if Eliza has finished those tlungs, eo that we can fasten up that box, at any rate. You had better came up and have them tried on ; or else you may find some difficulty when you get away. You won't find your buttons come off ; I've sewn them on. Bat if anything should come undone, don't fotget that the'Jittle sandal wood box in the comer of the tin trunk has got everything for mending in it. When I went away with your poor papa to Scotland, I never got to the bottom of one of my boxes; and part of a flouncecame off a puce dress 'I had, quite & favourite of your poor papa's ; .and we couldn't get any eQk to match it, to mend it with, and I wae so vexed that none had been pnt into my box. And when I came back and the boxes were unpacked, there was plenty of that silk at the bottom of one ; eo my advioe to you is, unpack your boxes when yon get away, and see what you've got. But you won't have much trouble, because the odds and ends are not spread about as mine were, and all the mending things are together in the sandal box; an i other little boxes have each a label on them, eo yon can know what's in by look ing outside. When I wentaway 1 was always unwrapping or undoing the wrong thing, and you sna'n't have any of that trouble. But come now, leave what you are doing, and we'll sec if the bodices fit. Dear, dear," 6he said, in going upstairs, 44 1 hope Miss Richards won't be long before sending those dresses; you'll have to go without theoi if she's much longer : for I'm quite determined no box shall be left to be closed to-morrow morning. None of my boxes were closed the night before, when I weut away, and everybody was in such a dread ful flurry on the morning that tbey didn't get half fastened up ; and when we got to Carlisle, they just threw my boxes out of the van on to the platform— those porters are so careless— and one was quite open when I came up to it, and it was eo full that your poor papa and two porters had to sit on it to get it to shut again, and all the people laughed; and tben it wouldn't lock, because the lock was broken ; and your poor papa had to give five shillings to a porter to get some cord of his own and do it up. Oh, the way your poor paps threw about the money! Rupert won't do that, I guess." They were now standing in Lucy's room, which was in a pretty disorder. Not a chair, not a table, but held its treasure of beautiful garments made for this important event. There were far more than could have been necessary ; but as a child has never too many dresses for its doll, so the mother can never get enough dresses for her daughter who is going to be mumed. 44 Look, Lucy," said Mrs. Beredith, dropping on her knees in front of one of the open boxes ; 44 all the liuen is together in tfiis bos. I think it much better that you should have all of one kind of thing together. Mine was Badly mixed up when I went away." She took no notice that Lucy did not reply to anything ehe was saying. It was but natural that the child should be quiet There conld be nothing remarkable in that. The bodices were next fitted, and proving satisfactory, took their plaoe in one of the boxes. 44 Who is that coming upstairs?" said Lucy, wbeu 6he was pu'tiug on her dress again. 'How can I tell, my dear?" replied Mrs. Beredith. 44 But how scared yon look! You shouldn't allow yourself to get. so nervous." Mrs. Beredith might have admonished her self on the same subjects momeutlater, for she uttered a wild cry. In the doorway stood Keziah, with a face so white, eyes so un naturally dark, and a manner so agitated, that anyone might have bsen forgiven for being frightened at sight of hrr. Lucy trembled like an aspen. Keziah stared at them both like an animal at bay ; then at all the preparations. Her wild eyes took in every thing. With a 6udden movement she placed herself before Lucy, and was clutching her at arm's length. "Lucy," she eaid, 44 yon cannot do it. You must not do it. You dure not do it !" Lucy had such a terrified look in her face that ber mother interposed. 44 Keziah," she said, 44 it i6 not kind, it is not geuerous of you to come like this-" 44 It ie, it" is," cried Keziah, looking wildly into Lucy's face, and not at all at Mrs. Bere dith. "I know what it u, Lucy. You have no right to do it.'' 41 Keziah," said Mrs. Beredith, pitilessly, 41 1 must beg you to leave my child." "Oh, no, no, no," cried Keziah, "I will never let her go, I will never leave her, till ehe >i»9 promised never to commit this sin against roe. Lucy, he is not yours, he is mine, mine," ehe cried, flinging up her armB, 44 you know he is mine. God knows be is mine'4 Lucy opened her pale lips, and a voice spoke from between them, that neither of the others would have recognised. It was at Keziah she was looking, but to her mother ehe spoke. 44 She ie quite right," the said. 44 1 thought it oould never come to pass.'' And then her form swayed, and she would have fallen on the floor, but for Keziah ; ehe was quite senseless in her arms. 44 Lay her down," shrieked Mrs. Beredith, 44 you have no right to touch her. It was an (evil day you ever came to this house, Keziah Hack bit." And she fell to chafing her daughter's hands, unloosing her things, and performing all the other offices usual ou such oocasione. Lucy's eyes opened, and tbey fell on a white satin dress that hung on a 6heet-covcrcd chair. Her brow was contracted painfully, and she said with great effort, 44 Take them all out of my sight, mamma. Never let me see one of them again, as you love me." Mrs. Beredith groaned, and looking fixedly at Keziah, who wae holding to a bed-post, she began to r&iu; abuse upon her. 44 Look what you have done, and perhaps your cruel heart will be Bati&ffed.; Oh, I would not be yon for all the world, to have made so many people miserable as you have. Whereve.- you have been you h&ve; brought sorrow, and all of your own choosing and willing. If were you, Keziah, I would go to the uttermost parte of the oarth and hide myself. You are a very heartless, wicked girl-" a Keziah's great eyes stared at Mre. Beredith, like those of a child who is beaten, it knows not whet for. Her faoe was rigid, and one little hand was so tightlv shut by her Bide that the mark of every nail was left in the pink palm. She loosed her hold of tho bedstead, and moved her bands desolately and helplessly before her. 44 What can I say? What can I do?" said poor Keziah. 44 Nobody will believe any good of me, I know. Perhaps," she added, bursting into a passionate flood of tears, "if I had baa a home like Lucy's, and a different bringing up altogether, I shouldn't have done all I have. Bat it's no matter. Oh," she cried, in a heartbroken tons, 44 if I had never wanted to do what was right at all, I might have been happier. Everything has always gone contrary with me ; I will give np trying. Oh, I hope no one will ever like me at all any more ; then I shan't make them miser able. Oh, God," she exclaimed with a sudden energy, 14 1 wish I had never been bora; it wasn't worth while." Anyone who could have seen her at that moment would have pitied her —except Mrs. Beredith and how could ehe he expected to do so, with her own child lying desolate upon her breast, undone by Kerian ? 14 You were always to headstrong." cried Mrs. Beredith, roughly 11 You would never he advised." 44 Who ever tried ? You don't know, you don't know, Mrs. Bereditb, what it is to be ob- liged, whether you like it or not, to judge ynfl act for yourself when you are ever, ever eo young, and to have no one care What you do because they like you; it makes you head strong." , 44 1 am sure you had a chance when you came here," said Mrs. Beredith, unbendingly. 44 1 know it," replied Keziah, humbly. 44 But I couldn't change my nature all in a minute. Ah," she eaid, a bitter smile passing , over a white face, "those things that are hammered in hard stick fast, and if you pull them out the mark is left. I don't know," she continued, 44 why I was made with -so many corners, and with so much wish not to have any. It doesn't go together, not at all.'1 44 You could always talk," rejoined Mrs. Bereditb: " and wisely enough, no. doubt. . But oil you? acts have been foolish, ali o/ them." 44 It is quite true," eaid Keziah, with an evident over- willingness to own herself in the wrong. 44 1 have come here now to try and undo some of it." 44 A nice way to undo it," retorted Mrs. Beredith, hotly. 44 You come to seek for your self, and to make my child desolate — she who loved him all along, better, much better, than you did. How did she treat you? You are proud. You have often said so. You don't like it to be said that he threw you off, and married another. 44 Do you think," broke out Keziah, hotly, in her turn, 44 that that is what I have come for P Do yon think I would have come at all, had I believed he would have beeu happy with her, or she with him ?" 44 He would have loved her if he had married her," said Mrs. Beredith, caressing the white face that lay upon her bosom : 44 when he was bound to her, and it was his duty to think of no other." 41 Oh, Mrs. Beredith," cried Keziah, with a face that spoke of experience, 44 duty and possibility ore so far apart sometimes. Love does not come after marriage that has not been there before." 44 You know nothing about it," said Mre. Beredith, 44 nothing at &1L" 44 Perhaps I know more than most,'' rejoined Keziah, 44 about that." 44 1 suppose Dr. Elworthy knows nothing, then," replied Bin. Beredith, indignantly. "He wae neither blind nor mad when be proposed to my daughter." 44 Yes," answered Keziah, in a soft voice, and very eadly, 44 he was both blind aod mad. 1 have trodden t-hla dark path. I conld not let him tread it too. He is my husband before God; no one has aright to take him from me. Lacy," she said, suddenly, kneeling down by her side, 4 'cab you forgive me?" 44 Oh, don't," said Airs. -Beredith, as if. she conld not bear to hear it. 44 Let me kiss yon before I go ; I may never see you again," begged Keah, in an enticing tone, so fultiof pathos, few could have resisted it. 44 You will kiss me?' she repeated. The girl turned her face nearer to her mother, away from Kaaab, and moaned : 44 Some day, perhaps ; I cannot now." Keziah ' looked once more at the mother. It was of no nee to ask any mark of reconcilia tion from her, so she left the room and gently dosed the door behind her. Chapter lxl— rest at last. About 7 o'clock the same evening Mrs. Beredith's front-door bell rang, ana Dr. Elworthy was announced, Mrs. Beredith sent down a message that she was unable to see him. This he interpreted in a rente far from the true one. It was, after all, not to be wondered at, on the evening before ehe was to lose her daughter. Bui he wrote upon a card, 44 1 most earnestly beg that you will see He expected that on receipt of this she would forthwith make her appearance, flurried, per haps, and peevish, from being forced, against her wilL But it was some little time before she came. Her eyes were red and swollen. Elworthy at once noted this, and attributed it to the prospective lass oi her child. She just looked once at the doctor, and eaw that something was wroDg with him too. She, who had seen him through his worst times of trouble, could not recollect a single occasion when be bmi looked so ill- and wretched as he did now. She almost softened towards him for a moment. 44 How ill you look !" she said. ' Mrs. Beredith," he began, advancing to wards her with his chin upon hie breast, 14 Jam come to prove myself a villain. But you muet forgive ine, for you will be the gainer." He instantly peroeived she did not under stand him. He would have to speak more plainly. 44 1 who ought to be happy, am perhaps of all men most miserable. In the eleventh hour I come, as I havo said, like a villiao, to beg for my release." Mrs. Beredith had one shock, hut ehe had not expected this to follow it 44 So you have seen her !" was her reply, in & biting tone. 44 Seen her !" cried Elworthy, throwing hack the hair from his brow with a desperate im Eatience, 44 No, I have not. I may never see er again. Eut I cannot so wrong your daughter as to Had. her to me, when with niy whole being 1 love another woman to dis traction." 44 You might at least have found all this out before," exclaimed Mrs. Beredith, shaking from head to foot. 44 1 deserve all you can say to me," he answered. 4 But, believe me, I have tried to do it. I have tried not to break faith, but it was not in human nature. You have seen my anguish and my temptation, xny hopeless misery for love of that woman, which is as strong to-day as ever it wae. Can you cot pity me, a very little perhaps, hut still pity me ? And perhaps make Lucy know some time bow 1 thanked her in my heart for her goodwill towards mo, and respected her, and would die at this moment coula I undo the sorrow I have caused to her and to others ?" Mrs. Beredith turned her head, and cast down her eyes, while she moved one foot up and down the carpet. 44 She will not talk about dying," rejoined Mre. Meredith at last ; 44 she will do it. Oh, why could you cot have let us alone wheo we were happy, when the poor child had taught herself not to think of you ? It was very, very cruel of you, She has not deserved it of you.' 4 No, she has not deserved it," said Elworthy, compassionately. 44 1 have called myself a villain. If you knew a worse epithet, I would use it now. Mrs. Beredith, hear me, try and hear me. God is iny witness that 1 have tried to fulfil my word to Lucy. That is why I appear in eo much worse a light in ; coming at the eleventh hour to broak faith with her." At the words 44 break faith with her," Mrs. Beredith froze again. 41 You might have spared yourself the trouble, Dr. Elworthy," she said ; 44 Lucy would not have married you. There is a letter on it6 way to your house now to tell you so." And then 6he made half & movement, as if to end the interview. He looked at her -with an accumulated amazement in his faoe, ae if thie thing were quite beyond his comprehension. 44 Lucy is ill," went on the ladv, 44 1 mast beg that yon. will leave me, that I may go to her." His heart smote him at these words. 41 Shi has seen my trouble," btfjthougbt, "and has released me voluntarily," 44 How shall I speak ?" he said. 44 How shall I express my gratitude to her for her noble act in releasing me of her own accord ? Next to her, who is indeed a part of my very being, Lucy Beredith ranks among women. Some day, along time hence, perhaps, 1 may be able to tell her so." 44 Do not mistake tho situation, Dr. Elworthy," said the mother, with a terrible effort evident in her manner. 44 It is this other woman who has done it, and not my poor child It is Keziah Hackbit who has been Lore.'? His heart at these words beat so violently he could bear it. He thought Mrs. Beredith must hear it too. He cried in a frenzied tone, hysterical laughter breaking from him with these words, 4 She has been here ! She ! O my love, my love !" He quite forgot lie was standing in the presence of the mother of the other girl who loved him, and whom he was forsaking. His cheeks, that had grown so suuken and pale, were flushed with excitement. Wild laughter again and again broke from him, and then the tears, hot and large, rapidly chased each other down hie cheeks, and he repeated again and again: 44 She came here ! She did i |Ohmy brave girl, my own Keziah All thie was more than Mre. Beredith conld bear. She fled from the room, and he did not Beem to notice that he was alone. When he did peroeive it, however, it was the work of a moment to take his hat, which he bad put down on the table, and to rash from the place in an ecstacy of uncontrollable joy. He understood what such an act meant. Keziah had come, and prevented him marrying another. He sped along the streets by instinct rather than anything else, till he reached his own boose. He entered the surgery, where Gerald Harwyn was making an entry ma hook. Elworthy in two strides crossed the surgery to where Gerald Harwyn was standing at the desk, and seizing his hands, the one with the pen as well ae the other, knocked over the ink without noticing it in the leaet, and shook Gerald's hands until his coat sleeves were per forming the office of blotting paper in the pool upon the book. 44 Gerald, my boy, congratulate me ! The 4 happy ever after time of the story has come. A deuced long time it's been coming." 44 1 congratulate yon," said Gerald, in his 1 own mind fearing his poor friend had ost bis Vfits. But tell me what for." . 44 Can you aak r You, a man of your intel ligence, can ask such a thing ? There is but -One 4 happy ever after4 to mv story." 44 Well, well," said Gerald, not understand ing. 44 If yon'Il stop mopping up that ink with my coat sleeves, and sit down and tell roe all about it, I shall be better able to judge how much right you have to congratulations." 44 -he'ettifentoher!" saidElworthy, laughing bofifroasly. 44 She's — — been — — to —.her," repeated Gerald, checking the wordoff,po; hii.-ngere.> 44 Who has been to whom ' Hang it, man, be a little more explicit." 44 Keziah, of course,' replied Elworthy. 4iShe'6 been to Lucy and put it all right, i couldn't stand it any longer; so, after 1 had seen the last patient, I went round there to beg Lucy to free me. You know I should have sinned against her if I had married her." 44 Hang it if I can understand what you have to rejoice so much about !" said Gerald, hotly, 44 It'e very heartless of you, aud very selfish, to be thinking so much of yourself, when you have made that sweet girl so miserable. It was & dastardly trick of you." 44 1 wae mad when I did it, you know I was, Gerald; hut I pray Lucy may forgive me." "Some kinds of madness ought to be punish able, £ think," said Gerald, applying blotting ; paper to his sleeves and the page of the book. 44 1 think I have been punished for every kind of punishable madneBi, then," returned Elworthy. Gerald weut on grimly mopping np the ink. 44 Why didn't you do ae I told you, and tell her at once, and not let h er go on till the very day before the wedding, and then break off with ber. It is a sneaking trick." 44 1 know it ie. Go ahead, old man. Fitch into me as much aa you like. Nothing could make me miserable, now I know she loves me enough to have done that." 44 Has she beeu there to-dcy?" inquired Gerald. 44 Yes, to- day. I wonder if she has left Leamington," he added, consulting his watch. 44 Of course they h&ve.;" 14 Well, there's another train vet. The train lam going by. They may sot have gone." 44 why, there's a horse coming round," said Gerald, 44 Why, it's yours, and a boy bringing 44 Oh/' exclaimed Elworthy, with a burst of joyous laughter,44! left it fastened to the Berediths pollings." . 44 1 wish to goodness yon hadn't knocked this ink over. I don't know for my life now whether jtta June or Jnly or August these casee are do for." " 44 They'll lei»ra know when the time comes,' said ElwarthyV -. 44 Aslyhow, I'm off." And ha took his hat again, and went to the railway station. The train for Manchester wae waiting, but not readjr to 6tart He i<an the length of the train. Snugly ensconced in a first-class carriage, sat Keaab, and by her side was ber node David, comforting her. Elworthy did not speak to her. He rushed and got his ticket, tben quietly stepped into the carriage as the train was moving off ; and her little hands in his, 6 poke not one word ; but they looked into each other's eyee, and were at rest. Poor David, who was always being startled in one way or another, stared out of the window and blew his nose, with astonishing persistency considering he had not a cold. CHAPTER LXII. — Wide as tee Poles Aeundeb. As Keziah particularly wished that her happy wedding should take place from the same house which had witnessed her ill-fated union to Hack- bit, and as Mr. Ricaman eagerly welcomed any plan which allowed of hie showing his newly- acquired furniture to a festive party, Dr. Elworthy was persuaded to appear at Jumley in the character of a bridegroom. But we should not dwell upon any incidents connected witn this wedding, were it not that Madeline had been specially pressed to come with Mre. Salt ring from Laugton, and bad yielded after much solicitation, bring quite ignorant that Simpler resided at Mr. Rimmon's. Even Samplers do not know everything that concerns them ; and Silas happened never to hear Miss Orme's name as one of the invited guests, and failed to learn that she had actually arrived, for he had taken up his quarters temporarily at the hotel. Ho undertook as large a portion as possible of the outside arrange ments for the wedding, and had even refused to sit down at the wedding-breakfast, that he might see that everything was sent in in doe order, and that there should be no delay with the carriages. He had, however, dropped in alter Keziah went upstairs, when the carriage was standing at the door ; and bad drunk to Keziah in hei absence. It was at this point that Madeline and Mrs. Saltring suddenly went out of the room. No one thought anything of this ; at a wedding breakfast somebody not unfrequently goes out, at some stage or other, overcome; and the generalattention was drawn away from Madeline and Mrs. Saltring's exit by the extraordinary expression of countenance "Miga Dorcas put on at the entrance of Mr. Rimpler. There was no mis taking the look ; it was one of mingled hatred, malice, contempt, and defiance, which only 6ome faces can combine in one expression. Every body saw the look, including Mr. Rimpler him self, who was clever enough to show so sign oi it, but iu conseouence had to concentrate his attention in such a manner that he did not notice who went out of the room. Mr. Rimplerh&dmadeasort; of programme for the entertainment of the wedding guests, at Mr. Rimmon's suggestion. After breakfast the whole party was to be driven to AngletoD Park, the seat of Lord Jumley; and at a pretty country inn on the outskirts of this park, a dainty lunch had been ordered for 2.30. The day waa a glorious one, as if to f&vouT; this scheme ; and Keziah had scarcely been waved off before two carriages arrived for this expedition. To every one's surprise, and to the great annoyance of some, Madeline begged not to be one of the party. Mrs. Saltring could say noth ing in explanation, though she did her beet that would content the others. The drive wonld do Madeline good. Madeline must come ; and she, poor girl, with the faoe of alabaster, at length consented to go. Mr. Rimpler had made inquiries about Madeline sin do encountering her at the Salt- rings, and had recently wormed it out of some one who knew, that ehe was Mr. Rockingham's niece. He could hardly have told why, but this feature in the case made him appear to himself a worse villain. It was oot then on the daughter of an ordinary music-hall ringer that he had practised his fraud. Such persons were need to that sort of thing, he thought. But it was a lady, of noble descent, who had been sacrificed by a direct imposition on ber own good nature and unselfishness. Let it not he inferred, however, that Rimpler included any other than this oue act of his life under the denomination of villainy ; the rest was all fair play. Where there were fools, there must be fcuavee, be considered,- It wae a provision of nature which wonld improve tite race, sooner or later, by sharpening the said fools on the knave's grindetonee. He had often argued thie in bis own mind, ae an occu patiou in the dark, at his window. It is only nature, Mr. Rimpler wonld think; everything is linked to everything else in nature. \Miat a pest the flies would be, if it were not for the spiders to oat them up. ho with many other disagreeable things, nature provided a check to the undue multiplication of fools. Then was it liis fault that he had been chosen au instru ment to this latter end Y Not at nil. Itwosa merit rather. The human race hud much, to thank him for, and those like hiin. He bad heard somewhere that physical qualities, eyee orgaufl, degenerated, aud were ultimately lost under persistent dieure. The wits of oven the wise, if not exercised to defeat tb-? knaves, would thus degenerate, no doubt. He was e universal benefactor. He roused fools from their apathy, and exercised the wits of the wise, and in the process considerably sharpened hie own. It was not for anything of this kind that be should cull himself a villain. But Madeline had not been a fool. She had been caught by reason of her own goodness and un selfishness. and had been rendered wretched. It was clear the p&9t could not be altered by auy amount of cureing and reviling. He tack out his pocket-book, in which we liuve seen him make entries ; and wrote upon a leaf in it, in Italian, of which language he koew Madeline to be mistress : 41 Be at ease. I see you recog nize me. I am too much ashamed of myself ever to press my acquaintance upon you. J send thin only that you may be sure that XahaU treat you ae a stranger on all occasions when we may chance to meet, which ie the least I can do to make reparation." He had written this, and had folded it up and palmed it, when he found they were very near to tire little inn; and he began to mentally gather himself together to form some quick and undetectable plan of conveying his little note to Madeline's hand. In his usual cool fashioD, he dismounted when the carriage stopped, and gracefully helped oat Mrs. Saltring before Mr. Rimmon had even thought of alighting. He next gave his hand gravely to Madeline, who trembled a good deal. He appeared profoundly unconscious of this, and wore his gravest look. No detective could have imagined, if be hod looked at Mr. Pompier's countenance, that he had ever met this lady before ; much less would he have thought he was conveying something to her hand, Madeline knew it, however ; and hud she not perceived by his face that he did not wish people to know tbey were anything but strangers, ehe would have been terrified. She conld not let the note fall, and show there bed been one; so her hanu closed upon it. Madeline moved towards the window of the room into which the party wae introduced, with the dip of paper folded between her fingers, and nobody noticed her. Her back waa towards everyone ; by a subtle instinct eome women have, ehe felt ehe must take this opportunity of glancing at her paper. How couil she guess, indeed, what grave importance might attach to her knowing its contents at once t _ Mr. Rimpler, who was engaged in -giving directions to & waiter at the .oti?qp en.pf the room, knew by her attitude that she fras rehding the letter. She took hcrpurse from her pocket, and pnt the fo\dedpj>er into it, just a6 sue wae joined by MaudTowerfi, At this juncture Mies Dorcas, feeling rether in the shade for a moment, made her way to these two, and, with an insolence 6ome people show a mactery of, threw herself headlong into convereatiou by remarking that the Miseee Lasgley's dresses (the minister's duughte re. who had been bridesmaids) were a figure. " And that all comes," she added. 41 of their going to a cheap dressmaker. a6 can't fit, spoiling good stuff. If they'd have cotue to ine, now, :o make them, they should have looked fit to be seen." Neither Maud nor Madeline answered ; both looked extremei v uncomfortable; and Mies Dorcas was not slow to see that ehe had made a mistake in addressing her remarks to them. She moved off without apology, but with a great jerk ; and said to her sister - iu law, quite audibly, 44 that of all the eiuck- up peacocks, that Mrs, Towers and "WW tYhat's-ber-naroe as came with Mrs. Saltring, were the tiptopj/est. Can't hear half a word without sticking up their hesds and looking at you as if they conld slay you. I've no patience with proud peacocks." Mrs. Rimmon touched her eister-in-law's sleeve by way of a hint that eke was being over heard. 44 I'm not ashamed of what I say," said Miee Dorcas, who was in a bad temper, owing to Mr. Rimpler'e neglect of her. 41 If people wtil he proud peacocks, they must expect to he talked about. ' Mr. Rimpler chanced to hear Dorcas's last remark ; and instantly judging at whom it was levelled, gave Dorcas a look which would have, appalled any one else. But ehe was notably reckless, ana would have her fling, as she often aaid, if she died for it. With a sudden inspir ation ehe looked Rimpler full in the face, and asked him when he had eome to the throne; at which eally sho wae so much delighted .that ehe laughed uproariously, attracting general atten tion to her. She ahoold have waited' for Rimpltr't answer, 44 rve never been in danger of coming to the throne; but I have been in danger of being dragged against my will to a certain altar several times. That is,' be added, as if to make his meaning quite clear, 44 1 should have been, had not the lady lacked all personal charm both of faoe and years, and manner and voice, and all the rest, having nothing in fact to drag with but her perseverance." And with this be turned away. Dorcas was so overpoweringly angry, that the first thing she thought of— a common enough thought in the Black Country, too— waa the purchase of vitrol. But everybody else made an effort to pass the thing over ; and though all understood who the lady referred to was, there was not the least proof against Mr. Rimpler. He had not committed himself in any way. TbeluQcheon was a great success, aud after it the party tei out to walk in the park. Mr. Rimpler had noticed that Madeline was more comfortable than at first. He was glad of that ; aod he now did his best to entertain Mre. Salt- ring, who had fallen to his lot since they had come out. All at once, he beheld seated upon a bench a woman, with grey hair and a ragged shawL On her arm was en old canvas bag ; and she looked miserable enough for anything. Mr. Rimpler for some reason could scarcely keep down his excitement. He said to Mre. -Saltring, quietly enough for all that, 44 We must not see a person look so wretched as that on so gay a day;" and he fumbled in his pozket. Mrs. Saltring, with pleased eye?, wataied him go up to the woman, and bestow his willing alms upon her. She did not heur, however, the few worde Mr. Rimpler spoke to the woman, or she might have eeeu an altogether different meaning in his act. In that brief moment be had madean arrangement with her to meet him at the tavern they bad jaat quitted, the next day. He tben passed on, ae if nothing had occurred ; and everything went merrily, and everyone seemed sorry when it wae time to return to Jumley. CHAPTER LXm.— Consttbial AMENirrea. The eojouru abroad- of Mr. and Mrs. Jnbal Rimmon wae considerably protracted; and it was sot until the first week in August that a Channel steamer, not too seaworthy, was neariag Newh&ven;, with a precious cargo in deed. The journey had been made by night, and the sea looked as blue ae the eky overhead, and the white cliffs goite dazzling in the morning sunlight. Laura, with a peevish, discon tented look upon her face, for which, perhaps, we ought to have some commiseration, since ehe lid been suffering from sea-sickness, woe re- regarding the pretty view from the deck of the steamer. Jubel, & thought thinner than when we last eaw him, appeared to be making no effort at all to brighten the spirits of his partner, but puffed away at a big cigar quite spite- folly. At length a small creature in a blue shawl c&mo; on deck and looked timidly about her. She was speedily followed and her arm taken by a lady who appeared to be her mother. Laura, ont of mere curiosity, watched the oonple seat themselves on the ride of the steamer, and then they turned their faces towards her. 44Jubal," she eaid, giving her lord a tug, 44 do vou see who that is ?" 44 j"o, I don't; nobody I know." 44 It's Lucy Beredith and her mother.'' "Can't help it if it is," replied Jubal, con tinuing to pun. 44 At least you might take c little interest in what I eay." 44 Other people take too much interest in what yon say for me to take much.' 44 1 haven't the ghost of a notion what yon mean," returned Laura, tossing her head. 44 Bat there are those Berediths. 1 wonder how it was we didn't eee them when we came on board.' 4I did eee them at St. Lazare," observed Jubel, with the same ill-natured tone and look ; 44 and I saw them get into our train, and 1 eaw them come on board." 44 Then why couldn't you tell me?" 44 A nice rage you'd get into if I were always narrating to you everybody I saw." 44 What a time we are getting in, when we are eo close to. and have been so for ever ao long, to all appearance," remarked Laura, in answer to this. 44 It is a homble steamer. You ought to have looked after it better, as other gentlemen do. But no one can expect you to he a gentleman." v. 44 There's only one gentleman in the world, we know," retorted Jub&l;, 44 since Winterfold , jut in on appearance at Paris. And the devil i knows how hv found us out." " I'm very glad he did," said Laura, crossly 1 ?uliiug a thread out of her glove. 44 It would hrivc been dull enough without him. I eup- p-.-se you didn't encourage him to come at ail, did you? You didn't want it to be thought at hotel that your friend was the eon of a lord, did you, Jubal ? .She always c&Ued; him Jnbal whfn she was jut on particularly good terms will; li;m, which bad been rather frequently of late, "Are you going to speak to tboee Bere- dithr?" Jubal hod asked, when a radden lurch of the ship hod sent him ignoraunouriy into a t-iii&g; posture on the seat near hie wife— he - had bueo standing before. .. Laura burst into a laugh, and several other piseugers, who bed come on deck, were moved to emile also. Jub&l;'s hat had flown off, and relied with the movement of the vessel to the leet of the Beredith b. He was very angiv ; more angry with Laura than any one ehe, for laughing at him. He was proud of her beauty, ai'd was as really in love with ber ss his nature c .cM be ; and be wished to be envied, aud that thtr world should see that she was all his own. It appeared to him that her careless laughing st his mibfortuno would suggest to the ruinds of all who hod seen it that the young lady conld cot be very much in love with her husband. The casual observer of human nature is quick to notice and give their full value to indications of tbie kind. A wife— above all, a new wife, who ib in love with her husband— wonld feel his being seen id & ridiculous or foolish position in a sense doubly keen. Bat Laura seemed rather to enjoy Jub&l;'s discomfiture as he unsteadily followed hie truant head-gear to the feet of the two ladies. He apologised to them ae he picked his hat up and placed it on hie head ; and when ha turned he eaw a young French girl, an article Jubal had purchased for his wife with his uncle David's money, in the act of receiving a spirited account of hie misadventure from her mistress. This was too modi for Jnbal. He took in the situation at a glance, and did not go towards his wife, but remained enlkfly where he was; and the ship ploughed on through the water, and the white cliffs came nearer and nearer. Jubal determined not to look after the log- gage properly on landing, as the readiest means of avenging himself on ms wife for her want of feeling; and be became better tempered in prospect of this. One thing he meant to look after, and one only, and that was his own bag lined with cigars, on which he meant to pay no duty. He likewise resolved to get drunk, which he knew Laura objected to, not on moral, but on artistic grounds. Jnbal was an appendage of her own, and ehe always remembered this when he made a beast of himself, as she called it, though ehe appeared to have forgotten it uet now, when Jubal fell. Bat then, after all, t was fate that had done that, and Jubal chose to get drunk. It has been seen that Laura made -no. ktep towards speaking to the Berediths. The Bere diths, nevertheless, had recognised Imr and had kcownpet well enough not to expect her to accost them. " Don't you think, mamma, that Laura is handsomer than ever?" Lucy eaid to her mother, with her eyee fixed on the white cliffs they were every moment bearing. I certainly do," Mre. Beredith acknow ledged unwillingly. She would have ben glad bac the fact betn less evident. She was angry with Laura. 4 Don't yon it strange that we should have been on the same ship r " I should have stayed lor the later ship if I bad known tbey were coming over," eaid Mrs. Bereditb, rather sharply; 44 and if that's K«ziahv8 brother, he's very much of her type." Here Mre. Beredith was wrong. But we all jedge incorrectly of people against whom we have a preconceived opinion. "Why doem't he go to her?" remarked Lucy. " They don'tappear to be on very good terms. Oh, mamma," she added, turning her wistful face away from the chalk cliffs, and towards ber mother, 44 if I had married him, and were returning with him in this steamer instead of yon, we should have been farther apart than we are now." The mother sighed, and said nothing. 44 1 see it sJl differently now, mamma," went en Lucy 44 1 know it would never have done, and 1 want to tell Keziah so I am rare he now thinks kindly of me. Had I married him, he would have hated me by now. Aud how much better to bo separated from him as I am, than to have him hate me, and I be tied to him. I am sure fate waa kinder to me than I knew;, and time is kind. When i last saw that shore, I was wishing I might never see it again ; and now I am just longing to get back and see the old home. It was very kind of Gerald Harwyn to write eo oftan." Mre. Beredith looked inquiringly at her daughter, as if not.qnite euro what this phrase meant, introduced suddenly as it was, and without apparent reason. Gerald Harwyn bad written regularly to Mrs. Beredith, to 'make inquiries -jancethey faad left England, which they1 had done ammedfataly - after the events we have before .described; and Imcyhadeeriainly read his letters with evident -. .' ydeesure. After all, that might be but n&turaL; . Any sympathy, if it be real, is acceptable in. , time of pain; and .Mrs. Beredith had not attached much meaning to Lucy's gratification. The steamer was at last dose to the shore and entering the harbour, and Jubal, leisurely enough, advanced towards hiB wife and told her she might as well gather ber traps together— that was the phrase he used— if ehe had left any in the cabin . They would he in in a minute. "Perhaps yon. may go and inquire about them," rejoined Laura, saucily, "seeing you are eo very steady on your feet, end we are so- very near" Bbore." The eye? of the little French maid twinkled at this sally ; but sbe neverthe less said that Monsieur must not trouble himself to go for the things ; ehe would goat once her self and eee if there were anything of her mietreas's left below. 44 At any rate, Jnbal," observed Laura, 41 you can look after the boxes, and see that some of them don't get carried off by somebody else." 41 They'll see to that," replied Jnbal, vaguely indicating he knew not whom. 44 Tm not going to bother about anything except breakfast. An infernal wash of coffee they'll get for us, I know." 44 But really," insisted Laura, gathering her rsarflinnl wrap about her, and droppiag from her pedestal of satire, and mounting that of anger, " Yon must look after the tilings, Jubal; you knew they will be lost, and things stolen At ot en em. You must stand by all the time they look in them, too, and see they don't take anything out of oil those lovely things I have bought." "Lovely things be hanged," eaid Jnbal, rudely; 44 what the devil did you want to get so many things for? It'e through you baying eo many things that we had to have new boxes to carry them in/and got charged for excess . luggage." 44 Well, we don't go to Paris every day," returned Laura, indignantly. 44 Uncle David may be very glad we don't, answered Jnbal, 44It has cost enough." _ And now, with -a load grating noise, and little shudder, the steamer stopped; and then began the rush to land. Jubal kept his word about the boxes ; and they were ruthlessly opened aii'd turned over 1 without any remonstrance from him. Hie only thing he took an interest in was his leather beg, which he opened himself and pushed towards the officer with a careless air, as much as to say, 44 You may look; there's nothing wrong with that." Ail it appeared to contain was a half- empty flask of brandy and a few toOetreuisitee. The officer pushed it back towards him with eome impatience ; and Jubal, triumphant, marched away with his cigars to the crowded breakfastroom, which looked uninvitingenough. The proprietors well knew that the travellers mutt breakfast, at no matter what cost, and ' that tbey most take what was put before them, or else face the next p&rt; of the journey without anything. So the several tables were spread in no very attractive manner with food which would have been left untasted in a London restaurant. The passengers who had for the most part been sea-sick, contended themselves with mild grumbling at the stewed tea and wretched coffee served to them at an extortionate price. (TO BB CONTXOTED.) 