TEE GRAND LAMA. A mehbeb of Dr. Heikel's expedition, writing in (he Gtdignani Meuenger, de scribes his visit to (he residence of the Grand Lama beyond the town of Segengiusk. He says : — On the morn- ' ing of the third day after leaving tbe shores of Bajokol we saw in the dis tance the gilt domes of the Grand Lama's temple and residence glimmer ing in the sunlight, and we felt con siderably cheered at the prospect of soon making the interesting acquaint ance of his reverence. At 1 1 o'clock in the forenoon we reached the town, consisting of wooden huts, which sur rounded the Lama's residence, and put up at a building which is especially in tended for travellers. We were ushered into the pi tin rooms furnished in European fashion. On the walls were picture* of different holy temples in Mongolia and Tibet, portraits of prominent Buddhist Lamas and- saints, coarse coloured lithographs of Alex ander II. and III., a small photograph of tbe German Emperor, -fcc. Having sent in our cards and letter of intro duction to the Lama we settled down in the salon, waiting for what might happen. The monks almost at once came in with tea, and all the acolytes and servants spoke in whispering tones, as if there had been some one dead ia the house. While we were admiring the artistically-ornamented tea-table a man entered, attired in the Burjat dress (the Buriatsare the original in habitants of the country.) FALSE AIiABUS. We looked inquiringly at each other, and wondered whether this man could be the Grand Lama, but we thought he looked too untidy. It afterwards transpired that he was the Lama's in terpreter, for the Lama only under stood Mongolian and Tibetan. The interpreter had read our letter to htm and came to inform us tfiat the Lama himself would soon receive us. In about a quarter of an hour a man tf»nton*rl nft-.irArl in n. lilno silL- tviko and attended by two followers. While tbe two latter remained at the door, the former advanced, erect and stiff; and carried his right hand behind his ear, the Mongolian manner of saluting. We, too, had stood up when the man entered, as we felt sure it was the Lama himself. Some time paused in a solemn silence, which was both pain ful and comical. When the first em barrassment had somewhat subsided, the interpreter informed us that tbe gentleman in the blue mantle was not the Lama, but the chief of a neigh bouring town. He had come to pay his respects to the ' illustrious travel lers.' ABRIVAL OF THE LAMA. The next minute the door opened, and the interpreter announced his Reverence Hembolama Danilo Gombo jevitsch Gombojeffi. The Lama was attired in a brilliant wide dress of orange silk, interwoven with gold and trimmed with purple brocade. Over this gorgeous garment hung a magnifi cent rek silk rol-e in oriental fashion. On his head he wore a tall pointed hat of yellow silk with a brim of orange felt. He also wore yellow silk shoes and long stockings. Every part of his dress was of the most costly material and of brilliant effect. This high dignitary was about 60 years old, of medium height and very straight ; his face was beard'ess, sod le what furrowed, but powerful and kindly, of the North Mongolian type. He saluted us in European fashion by shaking our hands. He first seated himself and afterwards made signs to us to sit down. The conversation, which was being carried on by means of the interpreter, turned upon (heancient inscriptionsat Jenisey. The Lama now and again showed bis interest in rae matter Dy a peculiar mumble. Having expressed our wish to see the temple, the Lama ordered his clerk and the interpreter to show il to us. He then took bis departure, promising to come again in the after noon. A BUDDHIST TKKPLF. We uret directed out steps to the piitictpal temple, a square, three-storied building, men story getting narrower in pagoda fashion. The topmost point and the roofs of the separate stories are ornamented with group* of gilt unicorns, which, according to tbe teaching of Buddha lire sacred ani mals. The entrance to tbe temple is through * gateway, richly embellished with paintings and carvings. The ground floor is painted white, (he first floor red, and the next yellow. Within the temple numerous pillars, placed in rows, support the roolSitg. Tbe pillars are covered with red cloth, and the walls ornamented with paintings of saints ; and brilliant hangings, coloured banners, and oriental lamps are placed everywhere in great pro fusion. The temple is no full of in teresting details that it is impossible to give an exhaustive description of them. The effect is further enhanced by (he proverbial dim religious light, which is only sparingly admitted by tbe small, dull window frames. Right opposite the entrance is a richly embellished throne, covered with old gold silk ; this is the seat of the Grand Lama. Parallel with the main en trance are placed rows of low seats all »ver the floor, in front of which stand small tables, on which are placed musi cal instruments. GIGANTIC TBCMPBTS. In some places gigantic drums stand against the pillars, in others huge trumphets — quite 12ft. long — all means of magnifying their gods at their services. Behind the throne of the Grand Lama the whole of the wall was covered with representations of idols, half a score large ones and several hundred smaller ones, with Buddha presiding in (he centre. In front of this is the altar, where the sacrifices are offered up to the gods. They consist of water, bread, corn, &o.;, which is all kept in brass cups. Small pieces of cloth and paper and all kinds of ornaments are offered up, according to the circumstances of those who bring the sacrifice. In this mani fold collection we noticed the stopper of a decanter. The holy books are kept on shelves on both sides of the idols ; they are in the Tibetan language, which is the religious language of Buddhism. At some little distance from the main entrance is suspended a kind of reflector, which has, on four sides, bright convex mirrors of silver plate. In this tbe more out-of-the-way idols are reflected. If the worshippers cannot obtain a view of tbe god himself on account of the crowd, they need only look at and pray to the reflected idol in the mirror. FDU, OF IDOLS. A narrow winding staircase leads to the next story. The first apartment we entered was the wardrobe of the priests. This comprises a most curious collection of masks and utensils, which are used by the Lamas when they, at their services, represent symbolic pic tures of their holy history. The other apartments on this and the second floor are used as small chapels for prayer, and are all full of idols. Hav ing further visited a couple of smaller temples, we returned to our quarters. We were pleasantly surprised by find ing quite a grand dinner arranged for us. There were Malaga, Bordeaux, and other wines, and we did full jus tice to the viands. The interpreter was our only company ; be helped himself to his custard, not only with his spoon, but also wi^li his fingers. After the dinner, Hembolama re turned ; on account of repairs he could not receive us in his own residence, lie had the kindness to give us a com plete, written explanation of a Tibetan inscription which had been discovered at Altai, and of which a coov bad been laid before him in the morning. A MONGOLIAN CUSTOM. As there were only certain initials in the inscription the reading of it re quired special knowledge in the Tibetan literature and (he books of Buddha. Our visit was drawing to a close and we had to take leave of our host. According to Mongolian custom, we praised, in the loudest terms, what we had seen and partaken of, emphasising that we had to-day experienced the happiest hours of our journey, and when we wound up by saying that people in Europe began to praise the glorious maxims of Buddhism and look upon it as a future world religion, we had done all that was needed to bring the Grand Lama into the happiest mood. In responding to our speech, the Lama rose to even more flowery language, and ended by proposing our health, and wishing us all prosperity, a toast that was drunk in sparkling champagne. The report of a conference which was lately held in Dakota between some American delegates and the Sioux chiefs recalls certain passages from Cooper's novels. Among the redskins who spoke were Iron Nation, Medicine Bull, Fire Thunder Stabber, Little Pheasant, Su .rounded, Dead Band, White Ghost, Drifting Goose, and Left Hand Thunder; not to mention others. At another con ference in Minnesota, tbe Ohippeway Indians were represented by Leading Days, and Crooked Arm. The object of these conferences was to persuade the redskins to leave their lands and once more retire into the wilderness before the advance of civilisation. Tbe Sioux agreed ; tbe Orippeway* refused. But the result* alns ' will be the cane in each case : the white men will have their way in the end, and welt within the coming century the red man of North America will have disappeared from the face of the earth. 