AT THE CENTENNIAL HALL The assemblage at the Centennial Hall in the even- ing was very large. Doors were opened at half-past 6 to avoid a crush, and by half-past 7 the seats in all parts of the building were filled, though at no time was the crowd so great that any of the audience had to stand. Probably there were about 4000 people present, nearly all being Salvationists. The hall was decorated all round with banners and mottoes of the usual Salvation character. Suspended in front of the organ was a large cotton screen, on which were the words " New South Wales Loyally and Affectionately Welcomes our Beloved General. " On the gallery at the other end of the hall were the words, " Australia Advances under our Commissioner. " Among other mottoes on the banners were the following -" The General expects every Soldier to Do his Duty," "Pull them out of the Fire," "Love One Another, and Meet me in Heaven," "Some- thing Must be Done, and Done Quickly," "Fight to the Death," "Hot Saints are Mighty," " God Speed the Rising Race .' As at the afternoon meeting, Brigadier Rothwell was in charge. The following leading officers were also present - Colonol Kilbey (of Melbourne, chief secretary for Australia), Majors Barrett, Ham- mond, Graham, and Horskins (from headquar- ters, Melbourne, accompanying General Booth), and Majors Hoskin and Peart (colony war office, Sydney), also Colonel Nicol (private secretary to the General. The Australian Salvation Guards Band, No 2, provided the music. The drummer of this band, a young fellow named Johnny Oberg, displayed really remarkable skill in beating the big drum, whirling the drumsticks about in a most bewildering way. The War Cry describes him as the "boss drum-walloper," and says he is a " cross between a windmill and a merry-go-round. " General Booth arrived at a quarter to 8, and his appearance was the signal for a deafening "volley," which was kept up for about a minute. The sight of 4000 handkerchiefs fluttering frantically in all parts of the hall was an extraordinary one. Salvation hymn, No. 53, was sung with great spirit. The last verse was as follows - With courage, desperation Blood-and fire determination, Army "go, " and zeal and energy, and dash - Onward! Forward ! Nought shall hinder! No retreat ! and no surrender ! That's the spirit that the devil's power shall smash ! Brigadier Rothwell led in prayer, which was replied to with groans and loud, deep, and spontaneous responses of " Amen," " Hallelujah," and " Glory. " A hymn was then sung, the audience being still on their knees. General BOOTH said : This is my favourite hymn, and it has almost become a part of the litany of the Salvation Army " All I have "- all my property, all my influence, my talent, my time - "All I have I'm bringing to Thee. " All I have I'm bringing to Thee, In Thy steps I'll follow, Come joy, come sorrow, Dear Saviour, I will. General Booth led in prayer " Lord, aid us," he said, " to go about helping men. We cannot pull them out of hell when they are once there, but we can stop them from going in. (' Glory be to God, ' ' Hallelujah. ') We can save them from the fires raging in their own breasts, burning in their own minds. O, God, come and bless these men. May they become a blessing to the Salvation Army, for Jesus Christ's sake. Amen " Captain George, one of the female oflicers stationed at Newtown, sang as a solo in a very strong, sweet, and clear voice, and without a trace of nervousness, the Salvation hymn No 83, " To me, dear Saviour, yes, to me," the audience joining with great spirit in the chorus. Colonol Kilbey, of Melbourne, explained that just before the General left Melbourne for Sydney Mrs Coombes was taken seriously ill with influenza, and Commissioner Coombes had therefore been obliged to stay in Melbourne. In welcoming the General, he said he must say that they had in Sydney surpassed anything that Melbourno had ever seen. (Loud and prolonged cheers.) He was quite sure they were glad to see the Father of the Salvation Army. (Great cheering. ) He would ask everybody in that building who was glad to see the Salvation Army Father in Sydney to fire a real thundering volley. God bless the General. A deafening " volley," lasting for nearly a minute, was given by the audience, after which General Booth addressed the meeting. General BOOTH said that if he did not interpret the warmth of the welcome they had given him as a token that they sympathised and admired the purpose, and were thankful for the success of the Salvation Army, he would really feel compelled almost to aban- don them and go back to the land from which he had come. Though his zeal was as big as his heart, he felt so unworthy of the welcome they had ex- tended to him that day, that he really felt humbled in the dust. He thanked God he had been able to help forward the cause of humanity and he hoped to be able to do a great deal more. (Cheers. ) He took their applause that night, their extended hands and bright flashing eyes, to mean " General, we are glad of what has been done, we trust you as our leader, and we are willing to join hand and heart with you." (Great cheers.) There was much to accomplish in the future. From his earliest years he had been prevented from rejoicing at the results which God had been pleased to show him in connec- tion with his poor labours because of the thought of what remained undone. He wished to talk to them im a somewhat friendly and familiar way. He guessed they were all Salvationists, or at least, they all ought to be. He would like to say that they would have a very liberal interpretation of the term Salvationist for the next four or five days, nomely, all those who had made up their minds to have done with the devilish thing, and to be good in the widest sense. They would interpret it to mean that they would strive after the entire consecration of themselves and all they had to win the world for Christ. They would open their arms wide. They would have a dispensa- tion which would take all in, and they could all come and say, "I am a Salvationist; I am under the government of General Booth. ' He would let them all be Salvationists till next Tuesday night, some- where about 10 or 11 o'clock. They would all be one family, and would all love one another, and they would all put something into the collection. (Loud laughter and cheering.) That was a bargain. He could now talk to them all as his soldiers, as his children. Let them mark, he was not angling for them. It was no trick of the General's. He did not want them to leave any organisation with which they were associated, which was doing good to the souls and bodies of men. When a man belonging to any Church came to him, he said, "If you have the fire of the Holy Ghost in you go back to your church, but if you have not, then get the burning fire of the Holy Ghost, or for God's sake don't come to us for we have too many of that sort already. " (Laughter and cheers. ) That was no reflection on the colony, for of course they had none of that sort in New South Wales. They were only to be found outside the colony. (Laughter.) There had been some bewilderment in the old country as to why he was leaving old England, the centre of the movement, where he was so much wanted, and for so long a time, for he did not expect to get back to England till the middle of February. They said, " Really, General, how can you be spared ?" People were always saying, " What will become of the Salvation Army when Booth goes to heaven." So just to show them, he would let them see what would become of the Salvation Army when he had gone to Australia for six months. " But, General," they replied, "you have got £100,000 to launch your social scheme. Won't you be wanted to tell them what to do?" He had replied by asking them if they had ever heard of the clergyman whom his parishioners took to task because his sermons were too short. The clergy- man had replied that he could tell them as much in a quarter of an hour as it would take them all the next week to practise. In the same way he had given the people in London enough to do to absorb all their energies till he came back. Others said, " Well, General you have got the money, and now you are going off with it ." (Laughter. ) His return would put an end to that sort of speech. He had asked him- self what he was going on that long journey for, when he knew how much there was requiring his direction at headquarters, for, after all, there was no denying the fact that the man who had been honoured by God in starting that organisation had the necessary influence, which it was probable no other man was likely to have. But if had failed to find any satisfactory reason in England, he would have found it in Australia. For here was a mighty field and a coming nation. Nothing that he saw could prevent it becoming a mighty nation and he looked upon the Salvation Army as a sort of nurse. They were rocking the cradle of a people that was going to grow up to be strong and bold enough to fashion the destinies of the whole world. Therefore, it was very necessary that he should have his finger in the pie. (Laughter and cheers. ) Among other things, he had come to see his own people. He had heard a great deal about them - so much so, that he thought he would like to go and see them himself; and, like the Queen of Sheba, notwithstanding all he had read, the half had not been told. (Cheers. ) He was going to say a few nice things that night. When he was a boy the medicines used to be very nasty. His mother, when she gave him medicine, used to precede it with a spoonful of jam to get him ready for it. He was going to give them the jam that evening. The physic would come after. (Laughter. ) Some people had a very poor opinion of the Salvationists, and called them enthusiasts, but if by that they meant red-hot zeal in a good cause he welcomed tho title, and he hoped God would make them red-hotter than ever. Some said they were fanatics, fools, and vulgar people but he would not stop to vindicate them from such charges. A very false estimate was made of them in all directions, and many people thought more of them than they deserved, and almost pictured them as perfection. In that he thought they were mistaken. There were black sheep in every flock, and they had their shortcomings, failures, and back-slidings enough to make the angels weep. He admitted all their imperfections but, after doing that, he was still of the opinion that they were the very best people God Almighty had on the face of the earth. (Cheers. ) That was not a boast, for if he thought there was any other organisation for doing, and able to accomplish, the work of the Master, then he would be found thundering at their doors tomorrow, shouting, " Will you take me in, with all my people?" But every mother thought well of her child, and they must therefore excuse him thinking well of his. (" Amen. ") He had come out to see whether they in New South Wales were as good as they thought they were, for, if he knew nothing else, he knew that they had a good opinion of themselves. (Laughter. ) He had invited an Australian Salvation- ist to make a speech at Exeter Hall, in London, and he said "If you want to see a Salvationist look at me. (Laughter. ) I was in full uniform in a tram when a man looked at me very hard, and said, ' Sir - are you General Booth ?' - (loud laughter) - and I said ' No, but I ought to be! " (Loud laughter. ) Now, he (General Booth) thought he would like to come to Australia and see how many more there were \- (laughter) - who reckoned they had tho ability, enthusiasm, and capacity to fit them to take his position. He had come to see the work the Salvationists were doing, not only in their buildings and halls, and with their uniforms and music. These were not the work, but only the implements and contrivances of the Salvationist to accomplish his work. That work was threefold, and he urged people not to confound the salvation methods and measures with the object they had in view. The work of the Salvation Army was with men and women. People often asked him why the Salvationists did not stay in their buildings, and his reply was " Because you are not there." (Cheers. ) If they could got the people without the buildings they would sell the buildings cheap. It was the men and women they were after. (Hear, hear. ) If he employed men to go fishing he wanted them to catch something. If one bait did not suit they should try another. If a worm did not do let them try a maggot. If that did not do let them try a bit of cheese. Let them try ground tackle and then try a fly. They must catch fish, and if they could not get them in any other way they must go down to the bottom and hook them on. (Laughter and "Hallelu- jah. ") If they could not catch fish - if they could not save men - they were no use in the Salvation Army. That was the work he wanted to know how they were doing. There was, first, catching men, and saving and reconciling them to God. Then, in the second place, not only had they to get men saved, but they had to get them made into new creatures. There was a power of lust and selfish disposition in the breast oí every unregenerate and unsaved man. It was the work of the Salvationists to make them into honest, honourable, noble men, like the angels, so that their companionship by and by would be a plea- sure to God Himself. Having got them saved from hell, they had to make them into fighting men and women who would give up their selfishness, the things that perish, tho love of ease and luxury, and self aggrandisement, and go in for the saving of the souls of their fellow men. He had come to see if they were doing that work. He had told them enough to show that he was pleased, as far as he could judge, with the extent to which the purpose of the army had been grasped. He had come to see the army work and to take counsel with them. He was measuring the country, and he thought tho prospects were overwhelmingly great. He had come to confer with the army officers and see what could be done to make greater advances. He had also come to see the friends of the army. They had a great many friends, and people were always giving them good advice. One friend wrote - ' I don't approve of your methods but I think you are doing a good work, and I enclose £25. " That was the proper sort of advice. If his friends wanted him to consider their advice they should always enclose a £5 note. Such advice always got consideration. (Laughter and cheers. ) He had thought he would come and see these friends of the Salvationists, and he had also come that the Salvationists might see their General. (Cheers.) He thought it only right that they should see their General.They had heard a great deal about him, and had had faith in him, and now that they had seen him he thought they would have more faith in him. (Cheers. ) The loyalty of the Salvationists was beyond all question to the govern- ment, principles and personality of their General. He thought a second Barnum might make a very good thing out of showing the General at so much a head throughout the world for no matter where in the world he was, there was the greatest curiosity to see him and hear him speak. He had felt that in rather an unpleasant manner, during his journey to Sydney, for no sooner did they stop at a station than they heard a pattering of feet and voices saying " Where is he? " " There he is," and then a crowd gathered round, and said " General Booth wake up. " (Laughter. ) He had to wake up and to stay awake till nearly 1 o'clock, when he thought it only reason- able that he should do something else besides wake up. He was glad to be an object of interest, though it was no particular pleasure to him. He would a great deal rather have had a good sleep that afternoon but he took his reception that day as an acknowledgment of his work and he did pray that these services might be helpful in all the directions of which he had spoken. A few words before he closed about the great movement which he represented. Twenty six years ago he stood single handed and alone, drawn out in pity for the perishing multitude, who were like sheep without a shepherd. When he looked on that crowded East London, where within a mile's circumference there were a million people who never crossed the threshold of church or chapel, and for whom there was little real hope, he had said to himself - Could they not do something for these poor people? His countrymen spent tens of thousands of pounds on the heathen of other lands, but there in Loudon were the heathen going to the Throne of God all unsaved, and all in their sins. Could nothing be done for these? He had given his whole life up to the work. He did not know then who would lend him a hand or a shilling. He stood there literally single-handed and alone. The work had grown steadily from that day to this. He might at some other time tell them of its difficulties and triumphs but he would content himself by saying that it had gone on for 21 years and was still very young. Now they saw their flag flying in 36 different countries and colonies and other countries were crying out for them. They would enter these countries as soon as they could find men and women for their work. He hoped during his Australian tour to shake some of the Salvationists up, and make them think whether it was worth their while spending their lives in aggran- dising their families or preparing for themselves com- fortable settlements in their old age, while the world still lay in the arms of the wicked one. He prayed that God might help him to do so. ( Amen.") They had just entered Northern Italy. The door had been opened, and souls were being saved and they were getting soldiers ready to attack the other parts of Italy. They had 5000 separate societies, or outposts as they called them, and they had 10,500 officers or clergymen and clergywomen. These 10,500 officers had left father and mother and houses and land, and had gone forth without any guarantees of salary, or any assurance against losses and crosses and persecu- tion, trusting solely in the living God to fight His battle. They had also a newspaper literature. The press used to be the fourth estate but now in many people's estimation, and especially of the pressmen themselves, it was the first estate. He was a great believer in the press especially in that admirably conducted paper so full of valuable information, sentiment, and prin- ciples - that wonderful paper, the War Cry. (Cheers.) He was like a woman whose family increased so rapidly that she could not keep count of them. They had now 24 different War Crys printed in 14 or 15 diffe- rent languages. Some thought the Salvationists were not a learned peoplo, but nevertheless they preached in 35 different languages. The War Cry had a united circulation of 750,000 a week, and, reckoning in other periodicals, they had a circulation of 900,000 each issue, and that without a single bit of advertisement. Nor was there any fiction, but there was a love story \- the love story of the Cross. Proceeding, he urged them to be Salvationists with all their might. Let them look at the misery round about them, the drunkenness, the harlotry. They did not need to go to Britain to see the misery that sin and the devil could make on earth. They had only to look around them in their own cities and among the men and women of their own acquaintance. They had been discussing in the old country whether life was worth living. He asked them was that life worth living which spent its riches on itself ? No, it was not worth the trouble of getting up in the morning to put on one's clothes. No, no : life was only worth living by following in the footsteps of the Divino Redeemer. He was their example, whether they recognised it or not. Goneral Booth concluded as follows :-" But whatever you recognise as your duty, and if you want forgiveness and the blotting out of your transgressions ; if you want the angel to write your name in the Book of Life ; if you want a fortune where neither moth nor rust doth corrupt nor thieves break through and steal ; if you want to be glorious and happy and blessed for ever ; if you want to do good to those around you, and all the earth to bless you, and the angols to greet you as you go through tho pearly portals, and God to put His arms around you and take you to His bosom for ever and ever, I can only help you by saying, ' Behold the Lamb of God who taketh away the sins of the world.' Behold your model man." Give up everything that will prevent the realisation of a life somewhat resembling the life of the Lord Jesus Christ. God bless you." (Great cheering and cries of " Amen " and " Hallelujah.") The meeting closed with the Benediction pronounced by General Booth. 