Literary Chitchat. The following sonnet is from "The North Shore Watch and Other Poems," by George Woodberry, of Boston, U.S.A.:— England, I stand on thy imperial ground, Not all a strangor; as thy bugles blow, I feel within my blood old battles flow— The blood whose ancient founts in thoe arc found, ■ Still surging dark against the Chrintian bound Wide Islam presses; well its peoples know Thy heights that watch them wandering below; I think how Luoknow heard their gathering sound. I turn and meet the cruel, tui-baned face. England, 'tis sweet to be so much thy son t I feel the conqueror in my blood and race I Last night Trafalgar awed me, and to-day Gibraltar wakened; hark 1 thy evening gun Startles the desert over Africa. The Morning Advertiser, the special organ of the licensed victuallers, which issued its first number in 1794, has just lowered its price from Bd. to Id. The Times is now the only 3d. paper in London. Mr. Edward Arnold will shortly issue the first number of a new sixpenny quarterly en titled " Arnold's Literary List," intended as a classified guide to the recent literature of France and of the United States. Reviews of some of the books enumerated will be given, and other literary information. A lady—Mrs. Gordon—has jnst published a work on " Deoorative Electricity." For some time there has been Blight unoer tainty as to the birthplaoe of Sir Walter Baleigh. By some it has been asserted that he was born at Exeter, by others at Fardell, near Ivybridge, where his father was born. At the Armada Commemoration at Plymouth, in 1888, however, there was exhibited a letter written by Sir Walter with regard to the pur chase of Hayes (East Budleigh), in which he speaks of " the natural disposition I have to that place, being bbrne in that house." The letter concludes, " Court the xxvj of July, 1584. —Your very willing frinde in all I shalbe able. W. Ralegh." For many years Hayes has formed part of the Rolle Estate, and Mr. Rolle takes special pleasure in keeping the house in good repair, at the same time main taining its aucient characteristics. Oreat regret is expressed at the death, in his 71st year, in January, of Professor Casey, LL.D., F.R.S., Fellow of the Royal University of Ireland. He was a distinguished inathema tioian and the author of many histories on the higher mathematics, which are held in groat repute, as well as of elementary works which have been adopted in the schools, not only of Ireland, but of France and other countries. Hen- Rudolf Loewenstein, the founder of Kladderadatsch, the Berlin Punch, died in January. He was a great political wit, the author of hundreds of humorous ballads and Bongs, and a celebrated after-dinner speaker. Herr Loewenstein left Kladderadatsch four years ago, at the time when it became a mouth piece of Prince Bismarok, and thereby lost much of its former pre6tige. He was 72 years of age. Sir Richard Burton once visited a Persian vil lage in the disguise of a fakir. A house was assigned to him ; and in order to keep up his reputation as a holy man he scribbled eoine Baored words on the outside of his door with some phosphorus. This was done before sun set, and when darkness descended, lo! the holy nan's house was decorated with n. flaminc text from the Koran. The result was a rush for relics of the saint, and the whole house was pulled down over his head! Many of the best designers of book covers in the United States, according to the Commercial Advertiser, are women, and " the finest work done for the leading publishers comes from them." Although improved in health Mr. James Russell Lowell has felt obliged to withdraw from his proposed course of lectures on " The Old English Dramatists" at the University of Pennsylvania. Messrs. A. Asher and Co. have just pub lished a monumental work, " Monuments of Ancient Mexican Art," of which only seventy nine copies are offered for sale at the price of £45 each. The volumo of text is in Spanish, French, and English, and is accompanied by two portfolios, containing 818 plates, of which 17G are coloured. The work is published by order of General Pacheco, Minister of Public Works under President Diaz. The late King Kalakaua, of the Sandwich Islands, it is stated, shortly before his death, intrusted to a New York publisher an original MS. entitled "Mankind." Tho ideas enunciated are, it is understood, altogether unconventional. It is probable that the book will rank amongst tho curiosities of literature. King Kalakaua had a pleasing facility in sentimental vernacular verse. Robert Louis Stevenson* as a. Poet. Mr. B. L. Stevenson, the well-known novelist t who has recently, as we all know, taken up his abode in Bamoa, has just published a volume of "Ballads" dealing chiefly with subjects derived from the folk-lore of the South Seas. Rah6ro, who figures in one of the ballads, is a sort of Tahitan "Taffy." Instead of the legendary leg of beef, however, he steals a dish of fish. The purloined dainty belongs to the king who, balked of his meal, has its whilom custodian—a boy called Tamatea —summarily put to death. The vengeance of the victim's mother is described in the second part of the poem:— But the mother of Titmatea arose with death in her eyes. All night loDg, ana the next, TaiArpu rang with her cries. As when a babe in the wood turns with a chill of doubt, And perceives nor home, nor friends, for the trees have closed her about, The mountain rings and her breast is torn with the voico of despair: So the lion-liko woman idly wearied the air For awhile, and pierced men's hearing in vain, ana wounded their hearts. But as when the weather changes at sea, in dangerous parts, And sudden the hurricane wrack unrolls up the front of the 6ky, At onco the ship lies idle, tho sails hang silent on high, The breath of the wind that blow is blown out like the And the silent armies of death draw near with inaudible tramp: So sudden, the voico of her weepiAg ceased; In silence sho lose And named from the houso of her sorrow, a woman clothed with repose, Carrying death in hor breast and sharpening death with her hand. - She persuades a neighbouring chief to invite the king and all his clan to a feaßt, and then to bam them alive when heavy with food and drink. The subject of tho second ballad i 3 even less inviting—a cannibal feast of the Marquesan islanders. Bua, "the child of dirt," or the "kinless loon," forgetting his nationality, is seoretly loved by the chief's daughter Taheia, but is marked out for slaughter at the orgies of her people and has to fly to the woods to avoid his fate. The love story of Rua and Taheia is prettily told, but in such a setting of brutish horrors fares worse than tho ill-bestowed jewel to whioh the wise have compared "a fair woman without dis cretion." Here is one1 passage—it is the maiden, Taheia, who speaks first:— " —On high with the haka-lkis my father sits in state, Ten times fifty kinsmen salute him in the gate; Round all bis martial body, and in bands across hia face, Tho mark* of tho tatooer proclaim his lofty place. _ I too, in the hands of tho cunning, in the sacred cabin of palm, Have shrunk like the mimosa, and bleated like the lamb; Round half my tender body, that none shall clasp but you, For a crest and a fair adornment go dainty lines of bine. Love, love, beloved Rua, love levels all degrees, And tho well-tatooed Taheia clings panting to your knees." "—Taheia, song of the morning, how long is the longest love ? A cry, a clasp of the hands, a star that falls from above t Ever at morn in the blue, and at night when all is blaok, Ever it skulks and trembles with the hunter, Death, on its track." According to the poet ttie "dainty lines of blue" which run half-way round Taheia's figure are anything but a blemish. Thore is a ring of genuine sympathy and spirit in the verses quoted below—from the ballad of the gallant Cameron —whioh is alto gether laoking in the well-worked-up enthusiasm of the cannibal-island lyrics. Cameron refuses to break his word, even at the behest of his brother's ghost:— It foil in tha time of midnight, When the fox barked in tho den And the plaids were over the faces In all the houses of men, That or the living Cameron Lay sleepless on hit* bed, Out of the night and the other world, Came into him the dead. •' My blood is on the heather. My bones arc on the hill ; Thore is Joy in the homo of raven 3 That tho young shall out their till My blood is poured in the dust, My soul is spilled in the air; And the nvin that has undone mo Sleeps in my brother's care." " I'm wae for your death, my brother, But if nil of my houso wero dead, I couiduae withdraw the plighted hand Nor break the word once said." "O what Hhall I say to our father, In tho place to which I fare ? O what shall I nay to our mother, Who greets to sec me there ? And to all the kindly Camorons That have lived and died long-sync— Is this the word you fiend them, Fauso-hoarted brother mine ?" •' It's neither fear nor duty, It's neither quiok nor dead Shall gar me withdraw the plighted hand Or hrp*k the wntil oius* teuA," 