[ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] THE COUNT'S MILLIONS. A ROMANCE: BY JULIAN IIAWTHOUNK, Aß quickly as possible be removed the . dead man's coat : and waistcoat and ex- changed them for his own, putting the lat- ter upon the corpse. Then, drawing the lifeless arm into a suitable position, he passed the free handcuff round the wrist and sprung the lock. The body was now chained to that of the dead detective. * You must submit to be mistaken for a murderer, my good fellow,' he muttered. * You will never know it j and, besides, 1 am innocent-if that is any consolation to you. So now- good-by.' Clambering out of the wreck, he stood upon the track beside the shattered train. He could vaguely see people moving about or standing in groupB. The noise of the escaping steam had ceased, but the groanB of the wounded and dying passengers could still be heard intermittently. A figure approached him carrying a lantern. It was one of the brakemen. « Aro you hu»t, sir ?' he said pausing. « Only a few bruises,' replied Keppel. * But I believe none of the otkers in our car were killed. And, by the way, there was one odd thing-' « What was that, sir ?' « Why, there was a prisoner aboard-he was handcuffed te an officer-they were taking him to Sing Sing, I suppose.' * Why, that was the fellow that killed Harry Trent 1 What became of him P' * I was sitting in the seat next him. He's lying there stone dead, and the de- tectives with him. His life imprisonment didn't last long.' 4 Dead, is he ?' said the brakesman. < Well, if I was he, I'd rather be killed in a moment in a railway accident than live fifty years in a prison. Some said, though, that he never murdered Trent. But I guess he got his deserts.' « No doubt of it. Well, good-night. I shall walk on to Tarrytown.' * Good-night, sir.' Keppel stepped off up the track. He had no settled place of flight j but so long as he did not meet anyone who knew him he felt little or no apprehension. In the belief of the world, to-morrow morning be would be dead ; his obituary would be read in the papers by millions of people. Nevertheless it behoved him to keep out of sight, and, as soon as might be, to make whatever changes were possible in his personal ap- pearance. He would cut his hair-he might be able to bleach it, perhaps-he would let his beard grow. He must move out of the country, too ; if be could not contrive to get to Europe, so much the better. He must take another name, and look forward to a life under totally changed conditions. A new life ; a lonely life. Henceforth, all his old friends and ac- quaintances were his deadliest enemies. All but one ! Olympia had said that she believed in him, that she loved him, and would marry none but him. Aye, but she, with the rest of the world, would now think of him as dead. Death obliterates all things, memory and love along with the rest. But what if he should, send her some secret message or sign, informing her of his safety ? He paused in his walk and reflected. No, it would not do. The mes- sage might miscarry. And, if not, of what avail to communicate with her ? She could * not come to him. They could not get married, and go off together. To know that he was alive might give her happiness for a moment ; but in the long run, it could only make her miserable. Moreover, money would be indispensable, and where was it to come from? He might still piint pictures, it was true ; but it would not be safe to do so in this country, and as to Europe-. It was better to select some other profession. Yet, what profes- sion could bring the immediate returns that were necessary ? Robbery was the only one ; and there were objections to that P How was he to procure the means of buy- ing this next meal P A sudden thought caused him to search the pockets of his coat and waistcoat- the garments which he had taken from the dead man. There were papers and letters, and in the righthand pocket of the waistcoat there was a small r*ll of bills-four or five bills in all. It was too dark to discern the de- nominations ; but there could not be less than five dollars. It was enough for the present j and, indeed, Keppel, who still had some traditions of conscience left, was glad it was not more. Nobody could feel the loss of so small a sum ; and it was of disproportionate value to Keppel himself. Ile now left the track and turned off, to the eastward. 1 The rain gradually cleared and the stars ¿ame out. Guiding himself by them, Keppel walked on and on, now clambering over steep acclivities, now plunging into hollows, now toiling over ploughed meadows, forcing his way through bits of woodland, stealing past farmhouses, where dogs barked and cocks crowed, but occasionally coming upon a stretch of road that went his way. Presently the short Jun« night wore away and dawn began to appear. Keppel halted and spent half an hour in removing the stains of mud from his clothing and making himself look as presentable as possible. His left arm pained him severely, but he thought himself lucky in having no bones broken. In one of his new pockets he found a penknife, and with this, as well as he could, he cut his hair short. In a couple of weeks his beard would have begun to grow and he would te tolerably disguised. He now proceeded slowly, for he was very tired, and also sleepy and hungry. Ile had walked more than twenty miles. At length, as the sun rose, he saw, half a mile off, a railway-cutting, extending toward a small town. Thither he directed his steps, but lingered on the outskirts for an hour or two until the townspeople should be awake. Finally he heard a train coming, and managed to reach the station at the same time that the engine drew up at the platform. Then, as it steamed away again, he walked into the town as if just arrived from New York, and, seeing a plain but comfortable looking inn near at hand, he entered and asked for a room and some break- fast. While his eggs and coffee were being boiled he locked himself into his room to think over his situation. But the future was so vague that he was able to come to uo conclusion. As soon as his money should be gone he could be at the mercy of cir- cumstances. Ile examined again the con- tents of his pockets. There were 8dol in money,, two or three letters addressed to Burton Fairfax, Esq., of Poughkeepsie ; a couple of receipted bills, and nothing else -except a cutting from a newspaper, headed, ' Some developments of the Trent Murder,' Which Keppel proceeded to read with interest. Its date was apparently of the day previous. ' The will of the late Henry Trent was discovered yesterday in a package of docu- ments left by nim ina bureau-drawer at the Bellevue Hotel, in Philadelphia. He spent the night of February 22 last at this place, and seems to have forgotten to take the documents away with him. The will is dated February 20, 1870, and is very short, devising all his property, real and personal, to " my wife, Sarah Althea Trent." It is properly signed and at- tested. This will be of interest to those who ventured to express doubts as to the genuineness of the marriage announced in court last Tuesday by Mrs. Trent- until then known as Mrs. Sallie Match in. Mrs. Trent, at all events, appears to have shared her opinion regarding its validity. The other documents in the package were not of an important character.' * It will be noticed that no provision is made in the will for Mrs. Raven and her daughter Olympia, who are understood to have been distantly related to.the de- ceased, and to have been receiving from him an annual stipend of some SOOOdol. This fact will probably occasion some com- ment, as it was intimated at the late, trial that Mr. Trent had proposed to make Miss Trent his wife. Possibly the desire that he should make such a proposal was father to the statement that he had done so. His will seems to show not only the baseless- ness of the assertion, but that, for some reason or other, Mr. Trent intended in future to let these two ladies take care of themselves. It is to be hoped that they possess independent resources. 'In Mr. Trent's breast pocket at the time of his death was found a letter written in cipher, the purport of which was not made out. It was not produced at the trial, as the prosecution was not of the opinion that it could throw any light on the case. It is now published, however in the hope thai some cipher expert may be able tc elucidate it, and thus, perhaps, furnish an explanation of some of tbê mysterious «ir cumstances that yet surround Mr. Trent's tragic end. The letter is as follow : « " Slmpi F. npi. C q gnl F. pil pink oghi mlhg npi. E. nikpi C, Klmh F, pion qolg C. qkin F, hqon qolg B qkng F. «lmh qolg C mhgq omgk qlin B hkq F. hnpq ngmo mioq S lmpi. F. oilg qolg nlqg kgii kgli C luho. F, Mogl. C okiq phno S. lmni C. omgk. F hlnm F. mlgi C hqgi B. hiq S. pkol. C q knp ol'np F, hlkp hnio B. nlo. F. oim C ngil mkqn S. lmpi C ngil F, hqon misq F, qopg q. go 0 iko F. opi 0. pghq mkqn B qglp C mkon F. ongl opkn 0 hqpm F. oinq E lnig F, hkom B imq 0. ngoi. F. mpqn. kuli, oin hgo F. imqg E lipg F hnoi E mkpi F, hign ikmn." * The paper on which this curious effu- sion is written appears to be of French manufacture.' Such was the newspaper article, some passages of which moved Keppel pain- fully. Olympia, it seemed, would be re- duced to want just at the time when he was powerless to render her any assistance. The situation greatly perplexed him ; if Harry Trent had told him with his own lips that he intended reserving Olympia for himself ; and he had given it out pub- licly that Mrs. and Miss Raven were to live with him in his new house, yet he was married to Sally Matchin at that very time, and five days before had executed a will cutting off Olj-mpia without even the proverbial shilling. There was something odd about this ; it demanded in- vestigation. The first thing to be done was to find out the real murderer of Harry Trent ; the remainder of the mystery would probably resolve itself. But who would find the murderer out ? Obviously, uo one would concern himself about the matters unless Keppel himself did ; and certainly be was in no position to enter upon such a quest at present. He could only promise himself that he would never forget the purpose to do so, nor rest until it had been accomplished. As for the cipher, although Keppel was somewhat of an adept at cryptic writing, he soon perceived that here was a problem out of the common run. It did not re- spond to the usual tests. Thus, of the seventeen different characters (commas and periods included) that composed it, there occurred sis times or less, seven from twelve tc twenty-nine times, and seven from thirty to forty times. Plainly, therefore, thej could not be signs answering to letters oi the alphabet. Again, the cipher con- sisted of groups of four characters (neithe] more nor less) and of single capitals. Oi the four character combinations-ove] sixty in all--only seven occurred mon than once in the course of »he composition Of the separate capitals, F occurred twenty two times, C seventeen times, B six, S five and E four times. All this was verj puzzling, and was to be elucidated, if a all, only after prolonged study, of whicl Keppel's brain, at that juncture, was fa from being capable. Meanwhile th housemaid knocked at the door and sum moued him to breakfast. He replacée the cipher in his pocket and went down. After eating heartily, he went back to hi room and slept till the middle of the after uoon. Then, afler dining, he took th road again, and in the course of a coup! of hours arrived at a town on the shores o Long Island Sound. On the wharf a coupl of men were just preparing to put out in cat-boat. Keppel asked them whither the; were bound. 'To Port Jefferson,' one of them an swered. . What will you ask for setting m across?' inquired Keppel. . How does a dollar strike you ?' . Done V said Keppel, and he got o board. He had no idea why he was going ( Port Jefferson ; but he felt impelled to g somewhere, and thought he would fe« more secure in the comparative wildern ei of Long Island than in a large town. Pe haps, he might get temporary employmei with some farmer, or he might find a ca] tain of a fishing smack to ship him for cruise. When he was a boy in New En< land he had lived near the seashore, ar had learned bow to sail a boat. The wind blew from the south-west, ar the catboat started out on the starboai tack, headed nearly for her destinatio In two hours the coast was close on boarc they ran into the harbor, and Keppel, ha ing paid his dollar, jumped ashore. It w then within an hour or so of sunset warm, quiet evening. He set out to wa at haphazard, and soon found himself fe lowing a narrow track through, an appar- ently interminable growth of small pine and oaks. Once in a while he passed a lonely farmhouse ; but though he was getting tired and hungry again, he could not make up his mind to ask for shelter. Night came on and found him still tramping onward, with woods on either hand. But as the darkness increased tho path seemed to fade away and become obliterated, and he was soon stumbling through thick underbush. The boughs and twigs whipped his face and the briars caught his feet. Staggering forward exhausted and impatient, he felt his feet sinking in a muddy ooze and discovered that he was on the borders of a swamp. He turned to the right and began to skirt along its borders; but again and again he narrowly escaped plunging neck and ears in the treacherous morass. Frogs croaked on all sides, and mosquitoes buzzed around his head. He lost all sense of direction, and thought only of putting one foot before the other. Often he fell, but scrambled up again and groped onward. Whichever way he turned the swamp seemed to lie in wait for him. He thought : ' It will swallow me up in the end ! And it was for this that I escaped from the railroad wreck I' Just then he stumbled up a slope, and his feet trod on firmer ground. The bushes and trees thinned away. Looking up, he saw before him a black, rectangular mass j he drew nearer j it was a house. There was no light in the windows. It seemed ruinous and deserted. But it was a human hab- itation, and would suffice. He passed around the corner and found the door ; it yielded to his hand. He entered ; and felt his way along the partition of the hallway to another door on the left. Pass- ing in he saw a gleam of light through a crevice in front of him. In another mo- ment he had crossed the floor and was standing on the threshold of an inner room. There was a low bed against the oppo- site wall. At its head stood a table, on which was a lighted candle and some small bottles. The furniture of the room was wretched in the extreme, and the at- mosphere foul and stifling. On the bed was stretched the gaunt and ghastly figure of a man, who, as Keppel appeared, raised himself with difficulty on his left elbow, and with his right hand levelledarevolver at the intruder. The glare of his sunken eyes was appalling, and his hand shook so that the pistol waved from side' to side. ' Halt ! or I shoot you 1' he said, with a strong foreign accent. « Don't shoot!' cried Keppel, lifting his hand. ' I mean you no harm. * I'm faint- ing from fatigue and hunger. I must eat and sleep.' The man lowered his weapon. ' Ah ! it is no ghost, then ?' he muttered, in French, and sank back on his pillow. Keppel approached and looked down on him. He seemed all skin and bone ; his hair grew disorderly on his head, and the lower part of his face was covered with a three weeks' stubble of red beard. His skin was dark yellow, his lips black and parched, Keppel had never seen the yellow fever, but he perceived that the man was dying. He had arrived at this deserted spot in time to behold the curse of Maurice Solange fulfilled upon the thief who had betrayed him. Keppel Darke, finding that the red haired man was a Frenchman, spoke to him in that language, with which he had a tolerable familiarity. Dupont, indeed, had lived in London, and knew enough English to make himself understood. But in his present desperate condition his thoughts inevitably expressed themselves in his mother tongue ; and much of the time he was probably not aware of what he was saying. He had been ill four days, the seeds of the fever contracted on board the ship having broken out two or three week» later. Delirium occasionally overcame him, and he would mutter things that he fancied he was keeping locked in his heart. 'Are you alone here?' asked Keppel« . Have you no physician ?' * No, no,' replied the other. « I shall soon be well. I heed no one. Who sent you here?' * Who are you ? I am only a poor man. Have yon seen Maurice? Bah I he is dead. You can't deceive me. I have done him no harm. I buried him-the captain and I. He cannot come back.' « What is your disease ?.' Keppel asked. ¿TO BB CONTINU». 