GflOST STOBY UP TO DATE. Extbaobdinary Experienoe near Liverpool. ' Haying been concerned in a most remark able and altogether inexplicable adventnre the other evening, which happened to me in Tbomas Lane, Kuotty Ash, I have been induced at the earnest solicitation of many friends, to communicate the following particnlars of the same to the Liverpool public ae being of more than ordinary interest.' So writes a correspondent of the Liverpool Post : — ' '' T was nrOGsediDfi' leisnrelv nn font to Broadgreen (he proceeds), when, on passing tbe church at Knotty Ash, my attention was suddenly arrested by tbe strange and uncanny appearance of its graveyards. The time would then be shortly after midnight. The whole ; burying-ground seemed alive and glistening with a thousand small blueish lights, which appeared to creep in and oat of the difEerent graves, as if the departed spirits were taking a midnight ramble. I stood petrified, not knowing what to make of it, at the same time experiencing a feeling of horror which enddeuly took complete posses sion ot me. Just at this moment tbe moon, which had hitherto been more or less obscured by a moving panorama of passing clouds, came, as it would seem, to my assistance, giving me for a very short time the benefit of her" companionship. And now appeared the moat Btariling phenomenon of all, a pbenpmenon which caused my hair to stand on end with fright, a cold num.bnesB of horror, parolysing me in eyery lirhb — for advancing up the road, directly opposite to me, came a funeral, train, the cofiBn borne along with measured tread, covered with an immense black .pallj which fluttered up in the midnight wind. fi " At first I thought I must surely be dream ing, and therefore pinched myeelf in the arm to ascertain if this were really the case. But no, I certainly was not, for I distinctly felt ine nip, ana was luoreiore saiisnoa ae lo my Wakefulness. 'What could it all men ?' I asked myself as the cortege gradually approached me, and I began to dislingnisb the general outlines of the bearers. These appeared to be elderly men, and to have lived in a bygone age. All were dressed in tbe cpHtame. of the latter part of tbe eighteenth century. They wore tie wigs, and some bad swords, as well as walking sticks mounted with deaths' heads. I observed only one really young man among the crowd of fol lowers, walking juBC behind the coffin. His youth, in comparison with the others, perhaps made me tske especial notice of him. He was dressed in what appeared tu be black velvet, the whiteness of bis ruffles standing ont in marked contrast to the sombre nature of -his general attire. He carried a sword, had diamond buckles in his sboes, and wore his powdered hair in a queue. The face of this young man was deathly pale, as were also the faces of all the others accompanying him. Instead of the prooeesion advancing to the gate at which I stood, it turned suddenly and entered tbe burial ground by tbe one situated at a few yards' distauce. As the pcffin was borne through this gate, all the blue spirited lights seemed to rise from the graves as if to meet tbe cortege for the pur pose of escorting tbe body to its last reeling- placeJ These awful lights added considerably to the gfaastlinesB of the scene as-tbey floated ' over the coffin and beads of tbe monroers. Slowly the procession glided up tbe pathway, passing the main ectrance of the oburcb, and, obntinuing its ways in a straight line, finally disappeared at the back of tbe edifice. Where this most extraordinary funeral went to or what became of it, I cannot tell ; bat this mncb I distinctly aver, that coffin, mourners, and lights — even the pale flickering moonlight — all disappeared as mystericnsly as they came, leaving me standing In the darkness, transfixed with astonishment and fright. Upon gathering together my some what soattered senses, 1 took to my heels and never stopped runniisg till I fouod myself safe in my own ttunse. In fact, I scarcely remember bow I got borne. After recovering a litiie ftom tbe shock I immediately aroused a female relative who bad retired for the night, and reUted to her the above pBtticnlars. She BBBured me that I must have been enffier- ing from mental ballncinatioD, but, seeing tbe great per tnrbation of my mind,'and at the same time knowing my natural scepticism with regard to all eo-oalled sapernatoral . phenomena, she came to the conclusion that, after all, I might possibly have seen what has been described above. 'The next day I made inquiries at the neighbourhood of Kotty Ash, and ascertained from a very old woman that ebe remembered a story in her yonth having reference to the myeteriona and sudden death of an old occu pant of Thingwall Hall, who was hastily and quietly buried, she thought, at midnight, in old Knotty Ash chnrcbyard. If so, was this a ghastly repetition of tbe event got np for my special benefit, or was it a portent intended to foreshadow the coming of the Dread Visitor to myself? Now, as 1 have before etated, I am no believer in ghosta, but certainly this very remarkable experience of mine has entirely npset all my prevlonsly conceived notions of this subjeot, leaving me in a qnandary of doubt. On the evening upon which I saw the myetenous midnight funeral at Knotty Ash, I was exceedingly wide awake ; had met several 'cyclists on the ' Prescott-road, with whom I conversed, and bad likewise refreshed myself at tbe pnblic drinking fonntsin placed at the top of Thomas- lane. Strange that a few' bnndred yards further down tbe road I should encounter so ehostlv an exnerienoe — an exoerience I shall never forget to my dying day." — Newcastle Morning Herald, Tbe Gbeex Church and Altar- auobatiok. — =The Synod of Bethlehem in a Confession of Paitb, states ; — "AIbo, wo believe that the same Body and Blood of the Lord in the Saeratnont of the Eucharist is to be adored in the highest manner that may be, and that the same worship ought to be paid to the Holy Trinity and to the Body and Blood of the Lord." The pioturo of St. Elizabeth, of Hungary, kneeling nude before the Inquisitor, Conrad,. of Marburg, is regarded as " obscene and blas phemous " by Boman CatholicB.' 