NEEDLES: "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Dull. Close. "Billiards. Parliament. Return ball. Irish tenants. British trade. Royal Society. Samoan affairs. A welcome ball. "County Fair." A terrible story. Weather-makers. A successful ball. A season of opera. France and China. Suicide by hanging. A disgraceful scene. Australian progress. A novel experiment. Prevention of frosts. A returning colonist. Port Augusta wheat. The science of billiards. Ladies' day at Garner's. Mr. Burns on Socialism. Trades Union Congress. The champion of the cue. Sir Henry Parkes unwell. Queensland and protection. Reduced prices at Garner's. Russian Exhibition in France. Cricketers are preparing now. Coursing at Mount Remarkable. The real racehorses are drawing. Nominations for Tattersall's races. The Americans are making weather. Old man hanged himself at Riverton. Sensational stabbing affair in Melbourne. The Speaker sticks tohis election pledges. Roberts's biggest break yesterday was 161. Row in a New South Wales Police Court. Barrier trade question at the Port to-night. The lawyers on the Agricultural Holdings Bill. Fourteen Sydney Chinamen fined for Sunday working. Henry Downer his temper again on Tuesday. British imports are increasing and exports declining. The nominations for the Port Adelaide races appear to-day. Three Victorian signalmen dismissed for neglect of duty. France is subscribing 600,000,000 francs to the Russian loan. The parsons were thick in the speaker's gallery on Tuesday. The Loch Tay passengers were released from quarantine yesterday. Major Castine had his uniform on in the Assembly on Tuesday. Cockburn says the ethical standard is in separable from religion. Mr. J. R. Kelly attended the Assembly on Tuesday in full uniform. Hancock delivered sermons on Bible-reading and the capitation grant. J. R. Kelly looked very handsome in his Mounted Rifles uniform. Playford says there is Bible reading in the Nortons Summit school. There is a strong bearing movement in the Continental wool markets. Cockburn says one nation is not a good judge of morals for another. All the old arguments resurrected on the Education Bill on Tuesday. Mr. Gillen says very few of his constituents are in favor of free education. The Assembly declined to sanction Bible- reading in schools by 25 votes to 8. The complimentary return ball to the Mayor and Mayoress was highly successful. Sir Henry Parkes's medical adviser has stated that rest is absolutely necessary. Brooker says if the State taught religion it would "jump the claims of the parsons." Mr. Gillen says his constituents don't dictate the way he should vote as Mr. Gould's do. A cargo of wheat from Port Augusta has been sold in London for 42s. 6d. a quarter. Mr. Bousmard's musical ghost illusion is still a source of attraction in Hindley-street. Port Adelaide is going to discuss the best means of securing the Barrier trade to-night. Mr. Gillen affirms that his constituents do not come into the gallery to watch how he votes. An experiment is about to be made at Wash- ington to prevent the occurrence of early frosts. Brooker says it was to the Apostle Peter and not to Cæsar that Christ said "Feed My lambs." The Hunt Club, on the invitation of Mr. Barr-Smith, will meet at Mount Barker on Saturday. Sir John Downer, Dr. Cockburn, and Mr. Parsons were most eloquent on the question of Bible reading. The Stacey Comedy Company, will open at Garner's Rooms on Monday next in "Hans the Boatman." Gillen says consistency demanded that Bible reading and the capitation should go together. Holder agrees. The Chief Secretary of West Australia shown over the Customs Department by ths acting-collector on Tuesday. The final popular concert of the season will be given on Saturday next, a capital pro- gramme having been arranged. His Excellency, the Governor and the Countess of Kintore will leave Adelaide by the express this afternoon for Sydney. Mr. Stephens went to considerable pains in showing Mr. Shenton all that was to be seen of the working of the Custom-House. The barque Theophane has been partially dismantled, all the yards and topgallantmasts having been sent down and landed. Mr. Gillen says the "capitation grant" is the only subject on which he feels in honor bound to vote against his conscience. The Irish Tenants Defence'Fund, which has been raised by the McCarthy section of the Home Rule party, amounts to £22,500. The handsome invitation card in silver work which was presented to the Mayor last night was the handiwork of Mr. F. C. Bowen. The Rev. A. C. Sutherland, B.D., "Upon a recent visit to Queensland," was appreciated by a good Port audience on Tuesday evening. The Gladstone Company of the Volunteer Force having won the Smith Challenge Trophy three times it now becomes their property. The Emperor William of Germany, who is attending the autumn manœuvres in Bavaria, has received an extraordinary ovation from the army. "Bible reading in school hours means the capitation grant, and the capitation grant means the downfall of the national system of education." In the Legislative Council to-day Mr. Krichauff will move—"That it is desirable to appoint an entomologist and vegetable pathologist." "Once religion is taught by the State, whether on sectarian or non-sectarian lines, the principle of no State aid to religion obviously ceases to be operative." The barque Royal Tar, of Liverpool, has just arrived at San Francisco manned by three men, the remainder of the crew having died or been rendered incapable by disease. Dr. Magarey's clause is, however, "particu- larly objectionable, because it would so strengthen the demand for a capitation grant as to make that demand sooner or later irresistible." Weather forecast for to-day—"Weather un- settled. Winds veering to west and south west, with squalls and showery weather. Thunderstorms probable in places. Rough weather off the south coast." "It is idle to talk of undenominational Bible leading when in the eyes of one church at any rate Bible reading without exposition accord- ing to its own standards is denominationalism of a most harmful character." "If the religious, element is introduced into the State schools in such a way as to satisfy certain churches, the churches which are dis- satisfied will have a stronger claim than ever for the endowment of their own schools." In the Council yesterday Mr. Warren drew attention, to the discourtesy shown the inter- colonial rifle teams at present on a visit to South Australia by the members having to pay full fares on the line leading to the ranges. 