LADY CHE WYiND'S SPECTRE, CHAPTER LV, MISTRESS AND MAID. Bernice arose and staggered on. A little later she came out into a square, dingy and gloomy enough at beat, but now dark and dreary with its spectral gas lights and rows of frowning build ings on every side. This was Soho square. Bernice crossed the square, and passed into a narrow dtreet beyond, the houses of which were mostly darkened. From one house alone, the lower floor of which was apparently occupied as a shop,, streamed out a broad glare of light which was strangely alluring. Bernice crossed the street towards the light, which somehow to her, at that moment, seemed to imply also warmth and comifort. It streamed from the wide window of a pastrycook's shop. Over the door was suspend:d a sign, with the legend painted upon it in gilt-" Pierre Bongateatc, French Confectioncr." Bernice paused 'before tbo confec. tioner's window and looked in. The window was filled hiith triu?iphli of.lih confectioner's art. Bernice's glance went beyond the cakes,' seeing "the interior of the shbji.t'It wars ra bright, clean room, with at.csunter upon each side, " . 'How pleasant it is in there,' thought Bernice, looking vainly for the shopman or other occupant of theestablishment. . I'd like a cup. of .coffee. It is a French shop, the name is Pierre Bongs tean. Was not Fifing's name Bcng t teen I think so. Her father was a pastrycook living in tSoho-square, or just out of it. Was that Soho square back yonder I Perhaps this is Fifiue's father's shop.' She continued to lookinto the room with longing eyes. A woman, with a basket on her arm, came hurrying past Bernice, and, pushing open the doer, entered the shop. Taerd was a bell attached to the door, and it rung on'. sharply. A woman came out of the little back parlor behind the shop; and proceeded to wait upon the late customer. The shopwoman was French, as was apparent at a glance. She wore a trimly-fitting black gown, a jaunty little white apron, trimmed with cherry ribbons, and a coquettish little white cap, with a cherry ribbon in that also. The dark, sallow face under the cap, with bright black eyes ,ind vivacious expression, struck Bernice as being strangely familior. It was-yes, it was Fifine, her former maid. came out presently with a well-filled basket, and Fifine began to cover the cakes with a thin gauze preporatcry to closing the shop. 'She is going to shut up,' murmured Bernice, and I shall be doubly alone. Fifis loved me, she was good-hearted -I am very tired. .I wonder if she would give ore shelter to-night, and not betray me to any one. I wished I dared go in.' She stood in indecision, her heart beating wildly. hlere was food, com fort, warmth almost within her grasp, and now she was cliilled to the bone, homeless, in tihe rain.. What should she do She watched Fiu.e, wi h a fascinated gz ,: At one moment she was on the point of entering the shop; next she shrank blck aflrighted, not daring to reveal herseif. The questi3n was. presently decided for her. A noisy party of young men came out of Oxford- street, approaching her. As they drew near, they espied her, and one of rhema, with a drunken laugh, endeavouaed to peer into the girl's face. 'Let's see your'faccyJi(ny beatty,: he hiccoughed. What--ishy Here, boys, is something new ! A girl actually shy, although rie's in London streets alone at th s hour ! Bath ! she's acting. I'll have the kisi,-or we'll go home with you, my .deat-orr both. Now for it !' , Be put oulltis(irru Io' crasp. her waist. With a srilld scream, Bernice sprang away from him and ran into the pastrycook's shop, the bell on the door ringing loudly. F;fine turned towards the new-com r, and glanced, also out of the door. .he compre handed the canoe of the sudden and abrupt ingress. I Sit down, mademoisellr,' she said, in her sof: Frenchccent. :. The men willsoon be gooe.: Yo are safe here.' Bernice's hIair veiled her face She flung it back wi.b a 'sudden gestore, and pushed back her shabby, liimp little hat, and stood revealed-pale, desparing, yet wondrously beautifua Fifine,' she said, softly, you think me dead. I nan changed, I know but don't you know ,me 1' The voice was recbgnised sooner than the lovely face. Fhfine staggered, back with a great gasp, and then, be. lieving that she looked upon a verit able spectre, gave a 'piercing scream and fell to the fiooi:in a swoon: The noisy and :lawleis smen. whose insults had driveri Bernice to seek: re fugein the French confectioner's shop, passed on when they saw their intended victim enter the shop door. No one in the house was tiroused by the scream of Fifine: Young Lady Ohetwynd and her former maid were absolutely alone together. Berniice tbidn devoted her self with all haste to the recovery of the Frenchwoman. But first she lowered the wide inside oiled shades over 'the windows to shot out the intrusive .gaze of poseihle passers. Then she looked around for ea:, r, .here was a small painted wae r cooler upon one of the countles, kepL usually filled for the benefit of hirsty customers, and Bernice poured Sglaessful of water, and pprinkled Fifine's face and chafed her hands, and worked hard to promote her recovery. Her efforts were soon rewarded by the gradual return of Fifine. to con eciousneas. The Frenchwomen gave a great gasp similar to,that she had given when fainting, and -opeiid' hei' eyes, only to close them again tightly, and to repeat her scream with added .vigour and fierconess. Lady Ohetwynd stooped over the recumbent figure, and said, ini.a tone of gentle authority SHush Fifine'; you will have the police here in a momert more. Com pose yourself. Oan you not compre hend that I am Lady Ohetwynd 1' Fifine .gathered up her sprawling figure into the shape of a ball, and rocked herself to and fro frantically, crying out shrilly in the French lan guage SOh, heaven I it's a ghnetl It's a warning! I saw your ladyship bhried with my own eyes, and-and you were dead l-and now you're a ghost, come to warn- me that my time is short. SOh, woois me !' Bernice laughed a low, involuntary. inflectious laugh, full of sweetness. She had not laughed like this since the hour of her supposed death, but Fifine's shuddering terror and great scared eyes51~qehod lbtsens?e-of-humonur: And as ghosts are ,nt'R uab ned'no' laugh, none 'of the'veritabli"eg 1n g zoncerniig:th'em describing so-marked a departure from theb paths ;of ghpstly eoberrees,.Fitio-r' frith hat her visitor was i ghost wa? st'ggermd. T'he Frenchwoman's native soeise began to assert itself. Her me?imsry, too, was quickened, and she recollected various incidents that had transpired during the past few days that went far to proclaim the fact that Lady Ohetwynd had escaped the grave and was still living. 'There, you see it is I,and not a ghost,' said Lady Ohetwynd, as Fifin's limp body began to stiffen, and Fifines eyes began to assume their normal propor tions. ' Hav'nt you a kind word for me, Fifine 1 I amin- sore need of a friend.' 'But-but Isaw you buried, madrme,' ' Yes, I was in a, trance when they put me into the coffin and consigned me to the Onetwynd parish vault. You remember-I have been told the facts -that I was not placed in the coffin until just before the funeral, and the coffin was not screwed down until I was placed into the vault. There were perforations in the lid-there must have been-for I must have breathed, although imperceptibly. And at nighit one came and rescued med. So you see, Fifine, I am actually living, and not a spectre.' 'Yes, yes, my lady,' said Fifine, doubtfully. 'Of course, it's as you ?tut, yet, T nfer saii one 'eto3i e. i back from the grave. It's not common, my lady, thank heaven,' and Fifiane crossed herself piously. 'And you are really alive, madame, and can eat and drink as you used toel Itis mar vellous! But if you are really my lady,' she added, with a start, 'why are you here alone at this hour I Where is my lordi' 'Fifine, I told you that I have need a friend. I have no home, no shelter even for to.night. I had no intention of seeking you. I came upon you- by" chance. , Will you give me a night's shelter, and will you keep my secret; Fifine ? I doeire-that noone, not even Lord Ohetwynd, abeall know that.I live.' , What; does not my lord know I cried Fifine. 'No. Promise: me that you 'will keep my secret-that you will tell no one that Lady OChetwynd lives. ' Swear it, Fifine.' . ' I promise-I swear it.' said Fifine, in an awestruck voice. ' But, niy lady, I cannot understand how it is that you live and that my :lorddoeatnod .I will explain.' 5 memble /that you are bound by an oath to keep my secret. But first, we-rire aloneT "imnd Lady Chetwynd glanced.towardsi thb' door of the rear parlor, ...,: Yesi my lady, we are alone in the house, The good father and mother went to 'the French theatre to.night, and I am alone in charge. I am a lady's.maid now as before, my lady, but my mistress is at the opera this evening. and I am privileged to remain. here until eleven o'clock. You can speak freely, my lady-no one will. hear us.' There was a timorous look still on the girl's face, which Lady Obhetwynd marked. : 'I s~e, Fifne,' she said, 'that even now you are not altogether persuaded that I am no spectre. Does it seem so improbable that I shoidd have been coffined and consigned to the burial vault while I was in a state ef trance I It is strange and improbable, I know, but it is true, and mine is not the only case of burial during a trance resembling death. But one person alone suspected that animation was only nsuspended, uiot annihilated, within me, and that person was Mr Monk.' ' My faith i And-Mr Monk rescued you, my lady '! 'Yes, Fitine. I was not myself for days .afterwards. He procured a woman to nurse me.: HE was good and tender as a brother. But Lord bChet' wyid hurried away from England dire:tly after my funeral, and left:no address, and during all the weary fifteen months that passed since the funeral before the March just passed Mr Mofik took care of me, providing me with a comfortable home, and befriending me. When Lord Ohstwynd returned I went back to Ohetwynd Park secretly, and dressed myself in the robe I was buried in, and appeared as my own spectre. I did it because I dared not reveal my self at once. I was bound by a promise to Mr Monk to keep silent until he should grant me permission to show myself and tell my stoy. But, oh, Fifine, I oan never tell it to any one but you. I came as a spectre, and looked in upon my-Lord Ohetwynd. It was the evening of his return, and-Fifine -hn--le - was making love 'to Miss Monk !':,: 'The ingrate!' muttered -Fifine ' And your ladyship was forgotten T ' That is forgotten! ' It's the saddest word to me in all the 'world, Fifine, He thought me dead! It was well that he should marry again, bur, oh, the pain to me ! He kissed her. Hoe took her in his arms. And he called her by the pet names he used to call me. I am dead to~him' . . ' the . ?mn, noble'.and simple, are all alike, my lady,' said: Fifine,, wiping her eyes on her jaunity white '.apron. 'My Lard is like the rest. "Do 'you aemember, my lady, that I told you on theday of our arrival at Qhetwynd Park that Miss Monk was my lord's first love? I'have heard even the'good houseke -per and the butler say to each other that my lord had behaved' badly to Miss Monk, and ijlted.her. fora love qu.rrol, but that he 'worshipped: still tha very ground she treads on, and she adored him still I Ah, madame, what can one expect ! Tru'ls andconstancy, they do not exist. And he loved her first, and loved her always. ' The first -love never dies.' '' T' T.key are t5o be married aons, F, fine? Theyare in Landon. They ,went to day to order their wedding-cards.' , ' I'd stop that, my. lady,': ejculated Fifine.' ! I would not be driven forth. poor and homeless, and allow that woman to tate my place. I would claim my rights, if I were your lady- i ship. I would drive up to Ohetwynd Park and take possession; Oh, the magnificent jewels you had - the shawls, the laces I I would have them back, and let monsieur's love go to the winds. It's wealth and comfort that is 'valued above all, madame.' 'Not at such experise,: Fifine,' said young Lady Ohetwynd, shudderingly. . He would wish Ibhad died,. indoed. He has ceased to love me. His soul is bounid up in her. The cards are pre,? paring for his welding, the' marriage has been announced in the newspapers, and any scandal now would anger him and .disgrace him. Ah, Fifine, I shall leave him to his love. Iam- not known by his name. I am Miss Gwyn simply now. I have left Mr Monk's protection. He is poor, and it is better that i support myself, ' said Brrnice, shrinking with instinctive de licacy from telling even her former maid of Monk's declarations of love. ' I have tried to get a situation as gov e'rries, or to get lodgings.' 'I have but threepence in my pocket to-night, and I am'shelterless.' ' Not shelterless while FYfine livre, my lady. I will keep your secret. 4hJR1ocritfanor m ock sympathy from claimed the Frenchwomen, volubly. 'Ah, my lady, you were kind to me, and I do not forget it. I wish I might live with you again, althoagh I have a good mistress now. You shall stay here, my lady, until you can get a situa tion. My room is unused here, and you shall have it. Let them think you Miss Gwyn, a new lodger, a women I used to know. Shall it be sol' 'If you please, Fifine. You com fort me.' ' And you need comfort, poor infant,' said Fifine, again rubbing her eyes inddstrioutly. Was ever such sorrow, such romance, such despairl Ah, my lady, the false husband shall not fiind you here. It may be that I can get you a situation as companion, my lady,' she said, with a start and a sudden flush ; 'and then I could serve you still, though secretly. My mistress has sought a companion of accomplishments for a month past. She wants a young lady who can eing and play the piano forte arid read French-a dressed-op lady, whom she can treat as a lady; 6f1fi',with all her'pioud, cold ways, my saistresseis a lady to' her heart's'core, l will trecommend you to her as Miss Gwy, ,my farmer mistress, in reduced circumstances, and she has such faith i in'e that she will gladly engage you. I have been with her since the week after your ladyship died-that is, was buried.' ,'Oh, Fifine, if you can only get this place for me! I fe.l so lost, so cast out into. the great world, so helpless and forlorn. Who is you mistress!' 'Lady Diana Northwick," madame. She's a beauty and a belle, and cold as ice. She will be mar tred soon, I sup pose-as soon as she can choose between two suitors, who fairly' perccute her with their attentoneus,' :sai'dlFfine. vivaciously. ''Ibhere is Lord Tents. mour, to:whom she has been betrothed for years pa'st, and. he is .n.ad with jealousy. Many's5he.sove.reig le has slipped in my hand to carry a boquet or a note to my lady, and to speak a good word for him-for I'm heit ladyship's confidential maid. But my lady hat another suitor,'jho never gives me sovereigns, who is dark and stern and distinguished, a great man, an explorer, and traveller-Mr Tempest; and though he has no title, and does not flatter, yet I like him well, I know not whichof the two my lady wilichoos", but Lord Tdntamour has the bsrs chance, I think." Abh, what a godssip I amn growing I Are' yobu so tired as lady l I'll ipeak to L.d.y) Diana thi· very night, and to-morrow, my lady, you shall be in your sew hout.': . . I shall never forget your goodnes to mib', Ffiie.' I know you will keep my secret. I feel astrange, new sense of security here.' ' 'Let me give you a cup of coffee, my lady,' said the Frenchwoman. ' Uome into the little back parlour.' Fifine conducted her former mistrees into the rear room, wthese w6i candls4 were buruing, and an air of coziness prevailed. Bernice sank intoan easy. hair which Fifine drew to the'table, and the maid bustled about, preparing a cup of tro ng Frenchb coffee, She a brought it, all bla and steaming, to Lady COetwynd with a roll. The marchioness dran the fragrant bever age eagerly. '1 wonder,' sal Fifine thoughtfully. 'If my lord does sot suspect that you live, my lady.' 'IHel may suspect, Fifine, but he must never know. I am not his wife now, according tp the English law. Death, a seeming death, and bual, audir imprisonment, anital a marriage,' said Lady OCetwynd, sadly. 'That is the law, ~ Il've been told' ' Then it's a beastly, cruel law; and your ladyship has no.shadow of a slainm upon my lord? Itis terrible! There was a man here the dther day, my mother tells me-a gentleman, a swell, with ani eyeglass and a cane-who asked for me. He came to Lady Diana's to see me; and what did the miserable wanti Why, only to ask :what dress your ladyship was buried in, and if it had a fine darn in the lace under the sleeve. Of course it had. Didl[ not darn the rent myself, and was it not well doueil ie brought the dress to me, and I identified it; but what did he mean? There is a mystery here which has puzzled me much.' 'I know no such p rson as you des cribe, Fifine, hn?fti' niidt'think'who hehca'lbe, b it I left my dress at the Park the last time 'I was there, and securely hidden, a I thought. So they have= found it 1 Ah, he must have been sent to you by old Ragee,' cried Bernice, paling suddenly. 'Fifinb, t' at woman has twice tried to take my life. I am atraid of her. She has found the dress and has employed some one to seek for me.' SYou must be right, my lady, for my mother tells me that a strange, heathen woman has been here twice, asking singular questions, and wanting to be taken in as lodger. She was Itvery" anxious to know if my mother had a lady lodging here,and she stayed in the shop many hours watching the door of this room as a cat watches a mouse, lily mother thought her de mented. I could not think who she might be; but she is Ragee I feel ready to swear.' ' She will come again,. She is cruel, remorseless, pitiless. She is like a human tigress thirsting for my blood. Fifine, in heaven's name, promise me again that you will keep my secret that not even to Lord Chetwynd him self will you reveal the fact I live. Promise!' 'I swear to keep your secret, my . lady, until you yourself give me leave to tell it i' said Fifine, solemnly. 'I will not betray you even to my own parents or to my mistress.' ' Then you must cease to call me ' my lady' Fifine. I am only Miss Gwyn-Miss Bernice Gwyn you can own name of Bernice. Fifine approached and removed the empty cup. lhen she took Lady Chetwynd's hand and kissed it sliec tionately, mentally registering a vow to be true to the promise she had given, the solemn oath she had taken, and to befriend and protect her former young mistress to the beet of her ability. A sound of the rattling of heavy wooden shutters was now heard. ' It is my father,' said Fihne. ' He is putting up the shutters. The father and mother have returned from the theatre, and I must go soon to my mistrees. 1 will wait to commend your ladyship to the care of the good mother.' The shop door was pushed open, the bell ringing violently. Ffine's parents had returned. Lady Ohetwynd rose up, taking off her limp little hat, and awaited their appearance. Fifine ran and opened the door leading into the shop, and called out, volubly , Is it you, my father I Hasten this way. I have a guest to consign to your care before I leave; Come F ... -'!O?X;QPrE+ ;-- --. ..i BERNICE AXNXIOUSLY STUGHT. T Young L-dy Che.wyiid trembled with a terrible anxiety and dread as the French coafect;oner and his wife entered the cosy little back parlor behind the shop, where she awaited them. She knew that her shelter for the night, and her prospect of securing a situation as companion of Lady Diana Northwick, depended upon their reception of hrr. And perhaps some instinct warned her also that the course of her whole future.life, whether for weal or woe, depended wholly upon them. She stood up, pale, yet with a sweet and gentle dignity, a quiet self possession; and-a u .m-ll-.su---. brave, sweet young face, that thrilled Fifine with a new love and respect for hei. -COome in; mon pyere-come in, ma mere,' said Lady Chetwynd'a former -maid; volubly. 'I have here a surprise for you. I have taken in a lodger for the niight. It is Miss- Miss Gwyn. a former mistress af hine. Miss Gwyn -Monsieur and bladame Bongateau, my good father oand ,nother.' M Bentageau, repressinZ a look c-f surprise, made a flourishing Ihow to Miss Gwyn.' UIadame Bongatenu made a little bobbing courtesy, in -ended to indicate the deepest respect fr the young ladl, -. 'I do not renember your name iliss Gwyn,' said :lie confectioner, with nu sir of-hospitility, 'but you are selcome to the ielter of my roof and lie best my houo affords. Pray be -sted. Do not and on our account, L beseech you.' SBernice resumed her seat. Fifine nasted to remove he 'outer wraps of her mother. Bernice liked Both Monsieur and Madame Bongateu at first glance, -, When did you i'e with Miss Gwyn, Fifine ?' asked Idame Bongateanu, zesting herself. 'I'do not remember myself of the nam? or Miss Gwyo,' ' Miss Gwyn wa taying in the house Jhsere I lived, se Fifine, dieoreetly. ' I waited on her. She was a good friend to me, end I love her, sae mere. She is in. trouble now. She haelost her h friends, and is obligedL to earn her b own support. I am going to try to. n night to secure her a situation.as com panion to my mistresS, Lady 'Disna a Northwick. I want her ia-Miss . Gwyn to have my room; and to have every attention during her stay here,' 'She shall have it, poor young lady. sail Madame Bongateau. 'Our house is at her service, and so are we.' SThanks, ins mere. There's another thing to be mentioned,' said Fifine, with some embarrassment. My lady, \--I mean Miss Gwyn-has enemies, and they are searching for her.,L!They may cones here. Let her stay in this house remain a secret. Let no one see her. If any one asks if she is.-here, deny it, or mislead them, for my sake; my mother. Madame Bongatean bestowed' a keener glance upon Bernice, possibly with a suspicion that the young lady might have run away from home in a nt of anger; bur .n pure, soaet, gre?d, high-bred face of Bernice quelled such suspicion instantly. She readily assented to the desired secrecy, as did monsieur. 'Heaven forbid,' said the little 'cnifectioner, piously, 'that es should betray a sacred trust and confidence reposed in us. All the terrors of In-. quisitioo,'. he declared, in that fierce tone which generally proved so effective in the Leicester-square cluib.room, 'should not extract from my.bosom the fact that Miss Gween has sought my protection and the temporary shelter of my roof. 1 am the friend of the oppressed of all nations" I gather the exiles here to comfort them. Rest assured, Miss Gweei, that .the hospitality you have invoked to.,night is not less sacred than that of the desert Arab. Here you are safe.' Under all Monsieur's grandiloquence was an actual sincerity and honesty, and Bernice knew that she might rely upon him and upon his wife as upon fidelity itself. And now, at last, a strange, sweet sense of actual security pervaded her soul. No more doubts, nor fears, nor tremors--she was shel t-red and befriended ; she was safe from her enemies. Fifine made fresh coffee for her parents and a little supper was eaten, at which young Lady Ohetwynd took part. After the supper, Fifine con ducted her ladyship to a pretty little bedroom up stairs, overlooking the street. This was Fifie 's own room when at home. SMy lady.' she said simply, 'you.will honor me by wearing my clothing as if it wese your own. Your outside gar ments are quite ruined. We will attend to those tomorrow. You aresafe here. I will put my parents still further on their unard against _your enemies. -.Ana now goon nigsac""-, "."..... . She took lady Ohetwynd's thin white hand and kissed it, but Bernice stooped and kissed Fifin''s cheek with a grate ful affection that brought tears into the girl's eyes. Fifine soon withdrew, and Lady Chetwynd undressed, and went to bed and to sleep. It was late in the morning when she awakened. Bernice arose and dressed herself in the garments Fifine had pro. vided for her. Her toilet was scarcely made when a low knock on the door announced Madame Bongateau. ' Madame greeted her guest with kindly interest, and inquired with solicitude how she had passed the night and how she found herself this morning. Bernice having replied satisfactorily to these inquiries, madame said- 'It is much more cheerful down stairs than here, mademoiselle. When you have eaten your breakfast, come down to our little back parlor and read the morning papers by the fire. The morning is wet and chilly, and Pierre would insist upon the extravagence of a fire. I own the effect is delicious. You will come, mademoiselle ' 0 Beraice: assented, and her hostess withdrew. The young fugitive ate her breikfast, and soon aftei descended to the little parlor, which was indeed bright and cosy. An air ofexquisite neatness and comfort pervadd theroom, and Bernice took possession of the seat placed for her With a little sigh of cons tent. She read the newspaperi, looking over the columns of 'Wants' with great care. Madame Bongatean was called frequently into the shop, arind Bernice was for the most of the time alone. Atnoon Madame Bongateau brought to her guest a dainty luncheon, daintly served *'nn .' .,.ll.table.,,whik.b.oh ,. wheeled before Bernice. Bernice had finished her repast, tbhe table had been removed, and she was again alone, w ith the newspaper on her knee, when the shop bell tingled, and a man entered the shop, which was at the moment nearly deserted. Monsieur and madame were there, however, at the desk near the partition between the shop and parlor, and Bernice heard the new-comer approach the desk with a swift stride, and address the worthy couple in a voice that startled her and thrilled her very soul with alarm. It was the voice of Gilbert Monk. •Gosd morning, monsieur-madane,' said MonIk, politely, yet with percep.. tible impatience. 'Are you theparents of one Fifine Bonateau, who formerly lived at Ohetwynd Park, Sussex1' Madame Bongateau courteonsly re.* plied in the affirmative. ' Is Fifine at home ' demanded Monk, with a quick,: sharp glance to wiards an inner room.. 'No, Monsieur said madame, in a tone of surprise.' 'We are not rich, and we have four children at school, and Pifine is independent, and prefers to earn her own ribbons, and see high life among the noblesse. Wears more humble-we-but we do nol gainsay the wishes of our child, who is discreet and capable to be trusted with herself., Fifine is lady's.maid to a noble lady,' 'Wist ladyl' asked Meonk, brusque'y. 'Pardon Monsieur, but what intirrest has monsipur ia our F.fine I' inquired Monsieur Bongateaun, giving his long moustache a fiercier upward twirl. . ' I am Lord OChetwynd's stepbrother,' said Monk. ' I wish to see Ffine immediately.' 'My girl is not allowed to see visitors at her place,'said the little confectioner, with a tinge of grandeur in his manner, 'She :.will be at home on Sunday. Monsieur can see her then.' There was a mornent's silence, dur ing which Monk tried to digest his div. appointment. Presently he, spoke again in a lower voice and more cauti ously, yet with a distinctness that caused every word to reach Bernice's ears.' ; 'I may as well tell you my business, monsier--madame, ' he said,, briefly. * I am in search of a young: lady who has fled from her home and friends. 1 think' as she had no money, she might come to. Fine,' who formerly served her.: Is she here I' , Who is it you seek, monsieur f' in quired Madame Bongateau, cautiously. Monk hesitated. Bernice held her breath in an agony of suspense. What if her new friends gave her up to Monk!' 'I'll die before I'll go with himl' she said to herself, in a keen despair. Monk continued to reflect. He was not prepared to tell his whole Etory, or to confess to Bernice's identity. With an assumption of frankness, he said, at last ' The young lady is known as tihs Gween. She may have taken another name, or pretended to be soe, uobhle lady possibly. She has been ill, and her brain is not quite right. It is necessary'that I find her immediasely and restore her to her home. Is she in this house 1' SWe do not take lodgers, monsieur,' said Madams Bongateau, somewhat loftily. ' We regret that we are nor able to assist you in your search for Miss Gween bat you will be ob'iged to look for her elsewhere.' ' Is she not in this house, madame I demanded Monk, sharply. , ' i, monsieur! is it thus you speak to madame my w fe T cried the little I confectioner, with his fierciest air. Do you come here to suhj ct us to the r cross-question-the Inquisition Is this not' a country where even the Fren:h' exile has his rights I Be kind eenough to depart, monsieur. I canna' a permit to madame this agitation. Go! e The Confectioner point d to the shop a door in true theatrical style. 'By.Jove T said Monk, ' I believe I the-girl is here in this house. Come I now, monsieur, let me see her. Give r- her tp to me. I'll have a cloce cab at d the door in two minutes, and take bet 5\. home quietly. 1-I'm her blother. I n demand that you give her up to me. If you'll give her up teaceably, I'll give you ren pounes-t-venty." e ' Monsieur,' cried the confectioner, I striking an attitude, his voice'thrilling \- with anger,' you seek to bribe me e metl' 'Call it thirty pounds,' said Monk, y in an eager, shrill whisper. ' No d Forty, then-Fifty! Every man h:s! his price, What is yours I What e will you take to give my sister up to Sme.' ' on mistake, sir,' said the little r fat confectioner, with unmistakable r dignity ; ' I have no price. 1 am an honest man to the core. I do not want h your money; If I knew where Mises h Gween is I wou'd not tell you. You t have insult me ; you have insult Imadam, my wife; We have no more to a say to you. Go !' Monk smothered a curse that sprang n to-his lips;' He had put on a false beard to resemble the one he had ruthlessly cut off the previous day. and he pulled viciously at the hirsute e appendage as he muttered ' By George, I know she's here. f She's made me enough trouble lately, but I'll be even with her yet. You think yourself monstrous clever, my e French friend, but you don't know r with whom you are dealing.' ' I can guess-by the smell of the I sulphur,' replied Monsieur Bongateau, e politely. Monk glared at the eonfectiondr, who smiled back at him airily. 'Theon, with M another oath, Gilbert Monk strade to the door. As he passed out a carriage drove up to the shop, and Miss Monk put her head out of the window, calling to her t brother. S'He started, looked annoyed and su" 3 prised; but obeyed her summons. Hlte dejec.ed, angry air told plainly the story of his discomfarturo. 'I came to see Fifino,' said Rylvia. regarding her brother keenly, 'but I ,hLk-Z.'I.6.b. .., .tfer aif." Did you receive the note I sent to you in care ol Scotoby and Newman, Chancery-lane?' 'No, I'venot been rourd there to-day,' said Monk, utllenly. 'I left you in sus sex. What are you doing in town ?' 'We came up--Roy and I-to do a little shoppiog,' said Miss Monk. ' We've ordered the wedding cards. Joy is off this meoting'with Mr Tempest;and I have been shopping in Begent.atreet. I am uneasy, Gilhert. You look strangely. 'aIs -is all safe?' she asked, in a whisper too low for the ears of coachman or footman. 'I ot particularlp so,' said Monk, coolly. ' The girl's escaped fiom me.' .'Esacapedl Great Heaven ! Escnped!' ! Yes.. You act as if all the dtnger threatened you. You needn't be troubled -she won't troutle jou,' esid. Monk, speaking in Hindostanee that the servants might. not understsnd hims, 'Theiore's been a bas Ik somewhere in the monage mentof my affairs. I've been too peci. pitate, and the girl is at large.' ' And with Fifioe ?' 'I think so-I know it. She's upsotairs somewhere over that pastrycook's shop. Confound the Frenchman l I [c?ant.bribe himno coax him:-urse him I--but I'll get the girl I swear it I' . S'Cotre and see meat Park-lets, dilbert,. a sdy Marchmont's, and give me your address. I may need to communcaste with yOU.' Monk had gone back, sinse the assump. tion of his false beard, to the West-end hotel he was in the habit of frequenting. He gave his address promptly, and, de. dlining a drive with his sister, walked moodily towards Oford street, liss Monk gave her order, and the carriage turned into Oxford-street and proceeded westward. It stopped, however, not far away, and Miss Monk alithted and went into a linendraper's shop. She had brought Pagee with her on her shopping eecurion, aend bhad left her here in waiting. She, gave the IIndoo woman certain directions, and then went on alone to Park-lane, while Xsgee hurried towards the French confectioner's. Nolsoouer had Mlonk departed than MIfdame loungateau hietened into the little back parlir to reaseure her guest. She found BIernice calm, resolute and brave. 'Yon beard all, mademoiselle?' asked the Frenchwonmn. '.Did I do right-or was the gentleman your brother?' ' You did right, madame, and I'thank you. The gentleman is not my bro'her. I am an orphan, and have neither brother or sister,' said Bernice. 'I know the cen'leman,'s veice. It is from him I ran away.' end a red fluash crept up into her clear olive cheeks- ' He wanted to marry me, and I-I am bound to another.' ' Ah II understand now,' said the Frenohbeoon, kindly. ' You ere safe here, mdemnoiselle.' (TO 0B CONTINUED.) 