IHE'. BISHOP OP NORTH QUEENS LAND. CONSECRATION SERVICE. Oli'Saturdayinorningdivhie service was he Id ' in St. Andrew's Cathedral, Sydnoy, for tho purpose of consecrating to his new office the Rev. Canon Barlow, Bishop of North Queens- land. There was a largo attendance of tho clergy and laity, iucliiding a fair number of tho Bishop's future parishioners. Dr. Suu- 'marcz Smith, Primate of Australia, eon- ducted the service. He wh.3 assisted by Dr. Stanton (Bishop of Newcastle) and Dr. Turner (Bishop of Grafton and Arinidalo), and the ceremony received a peculiar signiiicanco from thofact that it inaugurated a new de parture in tlie consecration of bishops, all tho preceding prelates having received this high ecclesiastical endorsement of fitness be fore leaving the shores of Great Britain. Among tlie clergy present, in addition to tho bishops already named, were Dean Cow- ;per, Archdeacons King and Giinther, Canons ICeinmis, Sharp, Morcton, Langleyanu Halton King, the Rovs. \V. H. Varriugton andSamuel Sinwi (Newcastle diocese), Manning, Tress, Devenhani, Hornby Spear, Hargrave, Madg- wick, Dixon, Charlton, Gurhsoy, Rivers (precentor of the Cathedral) Yarnobl, Baber, Beck, Bartlett, Hough, Read, Wood, Smith, Archuall, Pain, Mort. Dr. Corlette, Rose, Killworth, Woodwortli, Harris and Boyee. The inaugural procession was headed by the choristers, followed by the clergy of tho dio- . ccrc of Sydney, clergy of tlie diocese of NoW- , castle, canons, archdeacons, deans and bishops. The service was that set apart for tho consecration of bishops in accordance with the Anglican ritual. Appropriate (hymns wero sung by tho choir, who also gave '.an excellent rendering of the anthem, " God iso loved tho world." Tho first lesson was ' read bv tho Bishop of Newcastle, and tho .second by tho Bishop of Grafton and Armi- clalc. Preaching from tlie text to be found in the Acts, 13th chapter 2nd verse, — "As they ministered to tho Lord, and fasted, tlie Holy Ghost said, 'Separate me Barnabas and Paul for tho work whercunto I have called them,'" — tho Bishop of New- 'castlo asked how it was that the Church 'had so miserably failed to touch tho hearts of young men in Australia for tho ministry. 'Why hud they to send 12,000 miles away for men to till tho sacred ofiice 1 He hoped they iwould wake up the Church in Australia and put into it a downright enthusiasm for reli gion. They should put an end to all paltry questions which agitated them and ad dress themselves resolutely to tho work of God. When this spirit became manifest in tho Church in Australia she would do just as was done iu our civil lifo when the cry arose that young men were needed for the military campaign in the East — some of Australia's best and most athletic youths to put on their uniform. So in the ministry of our Lord tlioro would bo ail uprising of young men who would make tho Church plentifully : independent in that respect. In "separa ting' ono who had been ordained in Aus tralia thoy had taken a wise and expedient Step. Had not tho time come — he believed it hod — when in certain oases, in tho elder dioceses certainly, out of tlie thousand clergymen they could find some sufficiently gifted to fill the episcopal chair 1 To exer cise sueli an opportunity did not mean disloyalty to the mother Church, nor any desire to detach themselves from her sweet, generous and kindly treatment. For tho very progress of tho Church in Australia it was, in this instance, expedient to do so. Thoy had selected for the government of that distant dioceso one who had been ordained in the colony, and he concluded by wishing bis reverend brother every blessing on his important work, praying that the Almighty would direct his movements. In tho sanctuary the usual ceremony of .consecration was gone through, the Bishop- ; elect delivering the usual responses, being /attired in his opiscopal habiliments by the /assisting prelates. The Primate's mandate for tho consecration was read by Mr. Gregory r Walker, chancellor of the diocese. At tho conclusion of tire ceremony sacrament was ladininistercd by tho Primate. An offertory '.was mode in aid of the funds of the North. Queensland diocese. 