THE SCRAP ALBUM. (Open to Casual Contributors.) Welcome 1891. New Year's Day. Congregational Sunday school picnic at Tom Thumb Bowers to-day. Snorts of a varied character at the Centennial running grounds, to-day. Sir James Lee Steere has been electcd Speaker of the Western Australia Assembly. The Mudgee Dairy Company has declared a dividend of S pen- cent, on the year's operations. . Rev. William Groundwater Eraser, of Woonona, has been registered for the celebration of marriages. Sir Thomas Cockburn Campbell has been appointed President of the Western Australian Legislative Council. The report that the White Star and Cunard lines intended establishing a service with Australia is denied. A sculling race between Dutch and Stephenson for XI 00 aside takes place to- morrow over the championship course. The railway earnings for Christmas week amounted to ,£68,905, an increase of £13,000 over the Christmas week of 11889. Earl Jersey, coming Governor of New South Wales, stands ouer 6fc. The cry of Australia for great men has been answered. The tender of O. Palmer has been accepted for the erection of residence for officer in charge at Heathcote, on the Illawarra line. Splendid results are reported from the Hawkins Hill goldfields, Hill End. Quite a revival has taken place in that once leading goldfield. At a meeting of the commission agents, held in Sydney on Monday, it was resolved to carry on the export of butter for the present. Edward French, for running a tote business in King-street, Sydney, was on Tuesday lined £50 and costs, with the option of three months. Rev. R. H. Waugh, M.A., lias received an invitation to tlie Presby terian Church at 'Lisriiore, but he prefers to remain in Wollongong. The name of Dr. Moorhouse, Bishop of Manchester, and formerly Bishop of Melbourne, is mentioned as the probable successor to the vacant Bishopric of York. The Premier has intimated to the proprietors of the Royal Standard Theatre that if that building was let for the delivery of socialistic loctures th license would be cancelled. The Victorians won the intercolonial priclfefc match by 36 runs, the complete scores bi'ing=~-Victoria, 161 and 88 j New .South Wales, 15]. and 62. The strike of r^ifway employees in Scotland is collapsing. The directors of the railway companies affected have re fused to re-employ many of their old liandq wjjg we»t on ptrike, The Blantyre miners have struck work in sympathy with the railway men in Scotland. It is reported that tho British Gov ernment will shortly declare Zanzibar a free port. Mr. Dubedat, chairman of the Dublin Stock Exelumge, has failed, with liabi lities amounting to .£250,000. Some of the local business- people closed their shops at 1 o'clock yester day ; others, however, remained open till 10 p.m. The Iletton (Newcastle) colliery lodge has decided to support only those business houses that have adopted tho early-closing system. The Postmaster-General has givon instructions that the Dcad'Bird shall no longer be allowed to pass through the post offices of the colony. Tho four- masted ship Kelton, from Rio Janeiro, reached Melbourne harbor on Tuesday. Her captain, tho mate, and five seamen were down with the small-pox. The leading English and American Jews are considering a project for settl ing the expatriated Jews of Russia upon land to be acquired for that pur pose in Mexico. J oe Thompson, on behalf of tho Cali fornian Athletic Club of San Francisco, offers a purse of £2000 for a boxing match between Slavin and Oorbett. Slavin asks £300 for his expenses. An enormous fire broko out in a block of buildings between Queen Arictoria aud Thames-streets, London. Fifty fire-engines were at work and subdued tho fire. The total damage is esti mated at £300,000. Mr. Gladstone on Monday celebrated his eighty-first birthday, when he re ceived an immense number of congratu tary letters and telegrams. During the day he unveiled a public fountain in the village of Haivardeu. A woman named Mrs. Green, an old identity of Braidwood, died suddenly on Friday. Her husband had been reading to her while she was reclining on the table with her head on her arms. In this position she expired. ' A Consumer of Gas ' writes : I see that Newcastle has adopted electricity for street lighting, partly on account of the high price of gas. If the local Council had any ' go ' in it, it would establish municipal gas-works or arraDge for the introduction of electricity. It is now paying far too much for its street lighting. Two patients at Bologna who have been subjected to Dr. Koch's method of treatment for the cure of lupus have been discharged as cured. At St Petersburg, however, two other patients under similar treatment have died. A sharp skirmish has taken place between tho police and the strikers at Motherwell, in Lancashire, on the Cale donian Railway, as the result of the action of pickets in endeavoring to pre vent the engine-drivers from resuming work. Six persons have lost their lives by the capsizing of a boat- at the head of Lake Wakitipu. The names of the victims are — Joseph Oliver, 28, Fred erick Forsyth, 24, William Foray th, 20, Lily Forsyth, 19, Katie Greig, 19, and Maggie Greig, 17. Mr. Sydney Burdekin, who was recently i re-elected Mayor of Sydney, spent £5000 in giving entertainments of various kinds during his first year of office, and is expected to spend fully £5000 during the next Mayoral year. Mr. Burdekin's private income is more than £60,000 a year. We understand that arrangements are being made whereby Dr. James Jarvie Hood, M.B. etc., will take up the prac tice of the late Dr. Thompson. Dr. Hood, though a young man, possesses many high qualifications, and is very strongly recommended by persons to whom he is well known. For the seven weeks since the ter mination of the maritime strike 356,888 tons of coal were conveyed into Newcastle from the Northern collieries, being 134,000 tons more than toe a similar period last year. The Western collieries show an increase of )ver 50 per cent, in the output for the same time. A telegram from New York announ ces that some severe fighting lias taken place near Omaha, Nebraska, between the United States military and tlie Sioux Indians who have risen in revolt. The Indians were badly defeated, and their revolt is collapsing. Already a large number of the Indians have sur rendered to the authorities. Lismore has developed a new novelty in the shape of a ghost. ' It is reported that ghostly sounds are heard nightly in a building near tho Twickenham Estate like that of a scuffle between two men. A lady clairvoyant in Lismore declares that some years ago a murder was committed in the locality, and that the skeleton of the victim reposes at the bottom of a well close by. O. W. Bennett, manager of the Pad dington branch of the E., S.t -& A. C. Bank, has disappeared. His clothes and some other effects were discovered on the rocks at Bondi, but the police are satisfied that it is not a case of sui cide. Heavy defalcations have been found in his accounts, and a warrant was just about being issued for his arrest by the bank authorities. The free wharf laborers are joining the Wharf Laborer^ Union en masse, and the officials are of the opinion that the majority of non-unionists will become members of the association. They are all pledged not to seek work through the Free Labor Bureau on any pretence whatever. We learn that Mr. Arthur G. Parsons, eldest son of Mr. Aquila -Parsons, of this town, has undei taken the manage ment for a term of 12 raontbB of the legal business of Mr. Nagle, of Albury. The business is a very large one, and the position is one of trust, but we hare no doubt that Mr, Persons will do it and jUBtjuo. 