j OUR NEW YOBKJJETTER. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS 'It is a relief, an absolute pleasure, to turn, occasionally from men to dogs. The men you cannot always bet on, not that I approve of betting on dogs, or, in fact, betting on anything, buttered am to 5 bet on either give me a clog before a man any time. The dog show and Sarah Bernhardt have been the star attractions of the week, the interest in the rival attractions being 4 to one on the dogs, as against 1 to 4 on' Cleopatra. Not that Cleopatra did not have quite as good houses as the dogs, for it cost more money to see her, but the great multitude was with the buggies, their fathers, and their mothers, and they certainly were in honester and more respectable company. It is a healthful. sign after all, when the great public, and even that gilded portion of it, who have nothing to do but spend their money, turn aside for a day at least from meretricious actresses and questionable plays to the priest companionship of dogs and horse-yards flowers. As I pass through the long lines of splendid dogs of all classes, and look into their honest faces, all the old love of my boyhood days comes back to me, for never had Lai more lovable or a truer companion than Old Boxer. He was always ready for a frolic. The wag of his honest tail was an assurance of hearty welcome, and as he jumped up, placed his great paws on either shoulder, no brother ever seemed nearer to me, and there, was none whose death was more; sincerely mourned. The show last week was a splendid one. There were dogs of all degrees. When I say of all degrees don't understand me that there were any of those disreputable cars that live on free lunches and have no stated home ; they were not allowed to come Within a block of the garden'.' Every dog here knew all about his grandfather and his grandmother, and more over he did not trust to his memory, but I a distinguished association of wealthy ¡ gentlemen kept the history of his family in a magnificent book, and the book itself was kept in a mighty safe that cost 5,000dol.,and the safe was kept in a house that cost 00,000, and a man was paid 12 500dol. a year to take care of the book, and that's the way they look out for dogs in New York. Women who have no children take kindly to dogs and cats ; women who have never made some unfortunate man happy by changing their names love little dogs. Strangely enough, personal beauty does not seem to be a prerequisite in a lady's dog, for some of the uglieát-lookingand evil-tempered cures that I ever set eyes on were the greatest favourites. The St. Bernards, Newfoundlands, mastiffs, Russian and Siberian bloodhounds commanded general admiration, though to my thinking there is no member of the dog family which surpasses in beauty and intelligence a fine better. These were here in great variety, the Gordon easily leading all the rest. But beauty after all is a matter of taste, as I discovered when looking at some bull terriers. On the opposite side of the aisle from where I stood two nice-looking dogs got into a lively scrap. " I turned around to see what was the _ matter -when I heard a sudden snarl, a loud yell,' the quick clank of a chain, and a bull terriers nose was within a few inches of my leg. His keeper caught him by the neck and pulled him back with the remark, " Bless, your soul', sir, 'e won't 'give, way. he wouldn't bite a fly, 'e wouldn't, haunt 'e a beauty.". His mug was short, his ears were cropped, his teeth were shining white. He looked like a Sixth Ward plug ugly, just out of the Penitentiary. He was a lighter by profession, and he took pride in it. There was no sham or deception about him. He was just what he looked to lie, and nothing else, and tough as he was ranked as a gentleman of his class. It was a profound satisfaction to find the plugs which have been such favourites in years past relegated to their proper position. They always were ugly little brutes-take either end of them. Their noses were always in the air as though they smelt something unpleasant and their teeth were always on exhibition as though they were ready to have you, and it did not take much provocation to get them to give you a nip. Then if you took the other end their tail curled so hard that it threatened to lift their hind legs off the ground ; but their day is past. The Scotch collies enjoyed great favour, and justly too, for some of them were almost human. Dainty little aristocrats were there in pretty onges lying on velvet cushions, and attended by maids in neat white caps who watched the little darlings with the solicitude of children. As I passed into the night and storm, ragged waifs, boys and girls, swarmed around the doors. The electric lights illuminated their tattered misery, making it stand out in bold relief in comparison with the blessed estate of the happy dogs within. It was an ugly contrast. Perhaps there is a reason for it somewhere. Who can give it I can't. I wandered along down street and dropped into a hall where a party of i Irishmen were talking: about the celebration of St. Patrick's Day. They belonged to different sections of the Ancient Order of Hibernians which for several years past have almost created a riot in Brooklyn on St. Patrick's Day As near as I could find out each party considers itself the only original Jacobs and each claims the right to walk first in the procession, to wear three green feathers in his cocked hat, and to have his regalia covered with green ribbons and gold lace. Another serious difficulty appears to be that a man from Donetral could not with any degree of propriety march behind a man from f Tipperary, and a Tip would sooner die than march behind a skipetheroofrom Donegal. ' Every man had fight in his eye and for several years past the be biggest Hibernians have had to be kept apart (by,, the police. The only condition on which Brooklyn 'twill grunt- them-permission--to-march at all is. that they hold their processions in different parts of the' city and at different hours of the day. This year we thought we were going to have peace, and that the United Hibernians were going to bounce the British lion, but the memories of the fine old days at Donnybrook were strong upon them, and the possibility of a nice little function on the natal day of Ireland's patron saint overruled the peace overtures, so that the two processions take place as usual. I Lester Wallack has been dead several years, but to-day his ghost walks forth again in very disagreeable style. When, living he was the glass of fashion and the mould of form." Though an actor, and a very good one, he did not keep)) actors' company unless they were away up but he dearly loved a lord and a duke or an earl was reverenced by him as much as they were by Billy Florence Mr. Wallack was a successful manager and actor. The receipts of his theatres in 17 years were over three millions of dollars, and the clear profits over thirteen hundred thousand. Yet Mr. Wallack died almost a bankrupt, a charity beni'litsaving him from absolute want before his death. A somewhat remarkable phase of the business was that while the manager and owner I of the theatre grew poor the treasurer who had comparatively a small salary grew rich. This enterprising gun the man's name is Theodore Moss, and he is now a member of our Subway Commission, with a salary of f>,000dol. a year, a position which he got solely because he was a sort of relation of Mr. Wallnek's. I Arthur Wallack, the dead actor's son, wants an accounting, and wants to know if the profits of his father's theatres were over a million and a quarter of dollars as shown by the books who has the money 1 Wallack did not get it. Did Moss? Moss is rich Wallack died poor. That's what the son wants to find out. It is said that women are a great deal ' , i i s better than we when they are good, and a great deal worse when they are 'bad. . Perhaps that is so, but for first class lying Brooklyn has had three cases in a short time that take the cake, the bakery and the baker's waggon. About four weeks ago a young woman was seen in the City" Hall' wringing her hands. She said that she had just been robbed, of a tin box that contained , deeds to property worth a million of dollars, besides thousands in-gold' find jewels. The police reserves were turned out. They hunted for a week to no purpose. Meanwhile acomplainthadbeeu lodged with the police of a female thief who had robbed her mistress of money and clothing. The description answered that of the young romancer, and as she had her mistress' clothes on her back at the time of her, arrest she was landed in the penitentiary. As I remarked, Bernhardt has, had full houses all the week. Yes, Cleopatra, has drawn immensely, and the people appeared to think that they had received their money's worth. One of the most appreciative persons in the theatre, of her ability, is Miss Bernhardt herself. She knows a good thing when' she sees it! in the looking-glass. On her arrival here the other day she called on a distinguishedFrench,physi-' Jean who is now making a specialty of Dr. Koch's consumption cure, and asked him if he had seen Cleopatra. The doctor informed her that he had seen Miss Davenport. "Pardctnez nor, Mona leDocicure You have notseenCleopatra, for you have not seen me." Modest, wasn't fit 1 but that's Sarah. What do I think of Cleopatra t It is great of its kind, but, it is a bad kind. Nonsuch characterisa- tion has ever been" witnessed on the American stage. No woman with any. sense of decency left would ever tole-' 'rate such an exhibition in her house.' It is the sensual outburst of a woman lost to shame and utterly depraved ; consUDied by her own wicked passions and worthy of no more consideration than a wild beast.' To a person with One spark of purity or virtue left it ought to be shocking, but it isn't. Fine [ ladies applauded her every night, and a fine gentlemen loaded her with the rarest and costliest flowers. And worse, than all a lot of ladies composing the' Women s Exchange induced her to give a reading for their benefit, and these fine dames and their daughters clustered around the Frenchwoman of unsavory reputation 113 though she was some great benefactress of the human race. She came here for money, and she has got it. Our society wants to know how bad women act in houses where they dare not go themselves.' Now they know. Good-bye, Sarah. She leaves for Boston this week. We wish you joy, Boston.-jT.i, to 1 Another, was Miss Tillie.Hain, an honest German "girl; *'- Her mistress went to the theatre last week. and when she returned she found Tillie on the floor bound hand and foot with a, towel stuck in her mouth, the house turned upside down, and several hundred dollars gone out of her trunk. On being closely questioned she accused her brother-in-law of the robbery, who was arrested at once and locked up.' The poor fellow narrowly escaped -States pi IBUII. At last being cornered she confessed that she herself had committed the robbery, and showed the officers where she had concealed, the money.. . The last is a girl M he set fire to the! store to get the insurance, and then accused her lover of the crime after confessing that she had applied the' match herself. The plea of, insanity, alone can save her- from States prison, but it may send her- to a lunatic asylum for five years. 1 The Bloomfield Turner divorce case has muddled the social current of the week,bringinguiitnlilsliaincandgrief on two of the most worthy and respectable families in either city. Oh, mystery of mysteries, ! Week after week in our police courts I sec wretched women, ragged and miserable, beaten and bruised beyond recognition by in- human brutes to whom they have clung for years' They never 1 in away. They never seek divorce. They stand by the contraction the gates of death. The husband goes to States Prison. They wait his coming back through severity, and poverty for years. But our Court calendars are full of divorce cases of fine ladies and fine gentlemen who have every comfort that earth can give. Wives fly from their elegant homes with gamblers, rogues, and thieves, leaving husband and children and _ honour behind. _ Men sacrifice reputation, wife and family, for creatures who were not worthy to wipe the shoes of the wife they left behind. The Bloomfield case was particularly painful, for the father and mother of Mrs. Bloomfield appeared against her. In the absence of her husband Mrs. Bloomfield fled from her home with a dissolute vagabond named Turner, who himself had a lovely family and a beautiful wife. Mrs. Bloomfield arrayed herself in boy's clothes and travelled with Turner Kir weeks, and on their return they set up housekeeping together in New York. After conceal- ing themselves for weeks under an assumed name they were finally detected and hunted down, and the proofs were so conclusive that the jury was only absent 20 minutes when Mr. Bloomfield secured his divorce. Doctor T. De Witt Talmage at last sees daylight for his new Temple which has been under a cloud for several weeks past, hampered by a builder's Hen of 70,C54dol. It is now proposed to put on a new mortgage' and " issue 250 600dol. bonds for, the same, bearing an interest of 5 per cent. Doctor < Talmage has taken 25 600dol., Russell Sage 125 600dol., and two of the officers 20,000 dol. more. The work is now, to be pushed, and the Tabernacle will be dedicated in the early summer. : A series of concerts are to be given for the benefit of the church and a num ber of the principal opera singers have been engaged,' selections from the principal operas will 'be, given, and a large amount .of.shekels,is.expected"to pe I gathered in.,' \ 'j' ,, If Tzar Reed is a dead, as the, World assures us that he is, it was a lively ghost that stalked forth the other night at Delmonico's., His republican friends gave him a dinner, and Chauncey Depew presided.".- Reed' had a glorious' time and started for Mines on Friday feeling ten years younger than when he left Washington on Thursday morning. On the same train came Charles H. Turner, more widely known as Turner the woman, who for the past two years had represented -the 6th or, swallow-tailed District in Congress. Mr. Turner,, a Democrat, slipped in. in a Republican District on one of those unaccountable tidal waves that occasionally revolutionise politics. Turner was a hustler from Hustlerville, and he had an immense opinion of Turner. It was a forlorn hope, so Tammany gave him the empty nomination, and Turner went in to win ; he posted his own bills, he had ranged crowds on street, corner, with his paste pot by his side and an ice hook in his belt Congressman Flower sent him money and gave him two new suits of clothes, and when Turner got to Washington he forgot the friends that helped them. The big head attacked him, Tammany dropped him, and he is now looking for another ice cart. For rest of Reading Matter see 4th page HEWARD or O cuts lmrATioti». - Ask for Kflimmty'H Star arrived british Gloss, the Imndress true Won ii, gives pearly [ In m! t contested finish to the searchers fabrics, makes old linen look new Packets, Star boats, Gd "rise in. Chemists. B Miller says-?. Iron 11-,',-rt 1 VAt.UAni.tt But love ley FOR THE HAIR - II you hatred turning grey or white, or falling on", mi " Ins MEXICAN HAIR HEMLEY," (or it will 1 living report III plant (vine Gnu or White he is 'an original colour, without having the iii irritable smelt of most ?' llestorer«,*' it makes a halt charities why beautiful, as well as proof i to the growth of their ou find out-,, where the glands are not clear and ask your Chemist for the "3'Kxi CAT- HAIR RiiyxWKit." Sold by chemists and per- , tumors everywhere at 3s. 6d. per bottle. Wholesale depot, 83. Farringdon Road. London. UDOHO-PAIDA."-Quick, complete cure, is an noylngKldney, Bladder and Urinary Diseases. At chemists and druggists. FULTON, OBI HW AD and Co., Agents, Melbourne , , 