\ Varieties. It may bo true, as man, with his UBua presumption frequently asserts, that famine is Nature's remedy, for over-population, but, . if so Nature usually makes the inexplicable mistake of . leaving the .thickest populations alone, sparing -Belgium wane Btrizing mo rocco. — Spectator. I 80 me years ago a newspaper published , in Newcastle commemorated its centenial by re printing its first issue. It was a .very small sheet, so a copy of the reprint was folded in side every one . of the current number. Daring the afternoon of the day an old couple called at the office, and informed. ; the olerk: that they had come in answer to the advertisement in themorning paper which directed applicants to inquire at the office of the paper for particulars, the man to attend to cows and the -wife to . act as general ser vant in the house/The olerk : could not re member any saqh advertisement; but, to- oblige them, as they were evidently from the country and vefy positive, he went with them, through, the advertisement columns; Nothing of the sort could bo found. . They- repeated that they had both seen it in, the morning's paper noticing, the day of the month. Then; it occurred to the olerk to 'look at the reprinted copy of -the one-hun- . dred-years-old paper, and. there he found it. It was with some difficulty that he convinced his disappointed, visitors that they were exactly one hundred years too late. A Turkish Working day lasts from , sunrise to sunset, with certain intervals for refresh ment and repose; In Montenegro the day laborer begins work between 0 and 6 in the morning, knocks off at 8 for half- an hour, works on till noon, rests until 2 and then lawrs uu uuiu oUUBoii ' Aula jia ut pummci. In whiter he commences work at 7 .30 ox 8, rests from 12 to l and works uninterruptedly from that time to sunset; ;Tho rules respect ing skilled labor are theoretically the sarnie, Dut. considerable laxity! prevails in "practice ; in . Sorvia the principle is individual con-, venienoe in every base; In Portugal from1 sutyiae to sunset is the usual length of .the working day. With' field laborers and work men- in thebiffiding. trades fiie summer work- : fog day begins at 4 .30 or 5 ih the morning andendsat 7 in the evening two rr three hours' rest being taken in the mid lie of the day. In the winter the hours ' are from 7.30 to 0, with a khorter interval of repose. Ih manufactories the rale is twelve hours1 in summer and ten ih - winter with ah hour an a half allowed for i&eala.; \ - - ; Eleven honrs is the average clay's Work ih .Belgium, but the brewers', men ' work: from ten to Seventeen hours ; brick makers sixteen; the cabinet-makers of Brussels and Ghent are often at Work seventeen hours a day ; tramway drivers are on duty from fifteenth seventeen hours, with ah hour and one-half at noon ; railway guards sometimes, know what it is to work nineteen hhd one- half hours at a stretch, and in the mining districts women are often kept at truck loading or similar heavy labour for thirteen or fifteen hours. y''// ,-:r :V _ The normal workday throughout Saxony is thirteen hours, with two hours': allowance for, meal-taking. In Baden the medium du ration of labourite frem ten to twelve hours, but in some cases it far excels this, often rises to fifteen in stoneware and china works and cotton mills, in sawmills to/seventeea hours ; while the workers in the sugar re finers where the shift system is in vogue; work twenty -four hours free/and in too many of of Baden factories Sunday work is -|he rale. In . Russian industrial establishments the difference in the working hours is something extraordinary, varying from six to twenty. It is remarkable that these great div ergencies OGOQr in til ft SAmn lirnnnliha nf the same inspector's district and among establishments whose produce realizes the same market price.— Gkdmbers' Journal. A young man who Was servant at a farm house in a very wild district iu Sussex,' was sent one night with a message to Bur wash. He was warned before he started that a ghost was very ofteaseeu near a stile which he had to cross. He accordingly took with him a middling thick stick, and said that if any ghost interrupted him he would, by the help of his 8 bat,' try and find out what a ghost was made of. \- As he got near to the stile, he duly caught "sight of the ghost in front of him, glaring, fiercely out of the hedge. 'He put down his1 basket, walked boldly up to the place, and with his 8 bat' struck outboldly. He owned that he then felt a good deal frightened, for no sooner had he struck than, flames on all sides o&me; flying past his head. ' However, he held his ground, and then discovered that he had smashed into a hun dred pieces an old rotten tree stump, which had' dried up into touchwood, and the phos phorous in which shone with such mysterious brightness in the dark. — Sussex Folk. In the Prussian hospitals payment is uni versal. All sorts and conditions of Poisons are freely admitted, and patients are divided into three classes, according to tho -rate bf payment. In: -Olas3 -I., which is 'popularly designated the ' luxurious ' one, ; they pay' from six to nine shillings a day ; - in Glass II., from four to six ehillings ; and in Class III, about y one; shilling; and- ninepence a day; Children pay one stilling aad threepence — -'V'-W'V' V"":\ V'Vy ' : .- : ' " I day. People who cannot pay for themselves are paid for by the Poor Law Board at third- class rate, but those who can pay generally do so, as pereons who receive relief from the Poor Law Board forfeit their political rights. —Coniempordrg Review. The torpedo-boat bap added a new sensation to the experiences of some of our gallant tars. Being narrow, long, and swift, it cuts through the crest of waves and pluDges into the trough with a suddenness of decent ex- ceedfogly disconcerting to the inner man. Old sea-dogs, who have been 8 never, never aiok at sea,' make a first acquaintance with mat demer on board the torpedo-boat. — Con temporary. An English mechanic and an English mil lionaire have different food and drink dif ferent amusements and manners. .. A French millionaire and a French mechanic dine about the same hour, drink wine, play billiards and cards, and address and are addressed in much the same fashion. Here the two lives are in different worlds ;-there one is a cheap ex emplar—not an imitation — of the other. This similarity of habit gives a similarity of feeling. The 8 red fool-fnry of the Seine' is not wanted here ; but it is only possible be cause the .Paris ouvrier has thoughts and feelings and aspirations to whioh the London artisan is (happily) a stranger. — Scots Ob server. The . practice of creating peers by patent was introduced by Richard II. The daily surplus of births over deaths in the United Kingdom is 1500. In the public libraries of Europe there are more than 21,000,000 printed volumes. \V booping-oough baa been known for three hundred yeare. It mainly affects young chil dren, 96 per cent of the fatal cases being those of children under five years old. The preventive action of vaccination is eho'.vn by the fact that it has kept small-pox out of the eolony of Western Australia for 31i years, only one case having been known to occur there.- . . In the year 1543 an Act was passed for the toleration of irregular medical practitioners; wmuii uuauLeu uiai jiofBuuij uexug uv wuj- men surgeons may minister outward medi cines.' She can speak the modern languages : With fluency and vim ; She can give you Greek and Latin, too, \- Until your head will swim. , She can repeat what Homer wrote ; About the Trojan strife, . ' But She can't remember what is tramp ' To save her little life. A first-elass glass eye oosts about £10 to manufacture. About 41 languages and dialects are spoken in London. ; Previous to the year 1443 there were no barber's shops in London. 1821 was the year in which Mechanics' Institutions were first established. 