Stage Gossip. A certain Dr. Dabbs, who was, it appears, at one time medical attendant to Tennyson, has given it as his opinion that the laureate ÍB a dear ffood fellow, but that he cannot write a play. Dr. Dabbs is himself a dabbler in matters dramatic. I He is the author of "Our Angels" and other trifles. " Our Angels" recently essayed a rather successful flight at the Avenue/Theatre. In a Jeames or Jenkins like bit of gush a London paper informs its readers that in the last act of " Charles I.," as lately revived at the Lyceum, Miss Ellen Terry and Mr. |Henry Irving were so affected by their own pathos that they both dissolved in tears. Mr. C. L. Lewis, son of the late G. H. Lewis, so famous as a critic and also through hia associa tions with George Eliot, died rather suddenly a short while ago. He was a man of culture as well as of singular amiability. Though his mother is still living, George Eliot always treated him as a son, and left him a handsome fortune. It is not generally known that he was the grandson of the celebrated actor Lee Lewis. It is said that Irving's next Shaksperian revival will be " Henry VIII.," with Irving himself, of i course, as Wolsey, and Ellen Terry as Queen Catherine. A writer in the CORNHILL describes " a Biblical Drama in South Staffordshire " by rustic players. The local accent came queerly out, he says, in this performance, which represented Joseph's brethren, ? and their journey to Egypt for corn. In "King John," as produced at the New Theatre Oxford by the members of the University Dramatic Society, the title part was played by ' Mr. Irving, son of the famous actor. ' Mr. Alfred Austin, well known as a clever writer of prose and verse, especially of the latter, is about to try his hand at a comedy. Mr. Charles Warner has been playing with much success the hero in a version of " The Count of Monte Christ«," at the Avenue Theatre. The Camp of the Dahomey Amazons is the latest boom in Paris. On Sunday, March 8, there were 45,000 visitors at the Jardin d' Acclimata tion, where these female warriors are on view. Mr. Walter Bentley, who visited Australia several years ago, is announced to reappear in London in some Shaksperian part, after a long absence m America and in the English provinces. Mr. Ben tie v is a son of the late Dr. Begg, the eminent Presbyterian minister of Edinburgh. Bentley is, of course, a theatrical name. The Italian tragedian Rossie lately appeared for the first time in Vienna as " Ivan the Ter rible," in a drama of that name by the late Count Tolstoi. His death scene was most powerful. The acting all through was very fine, and Rossi was recalled no less than 15 times. In the new play of " Cari's Folly," written for Mr. Charles Arnold by the author of " Hans the Boatman," an Australian sheep-shearing scene was to be introduced. Mr. Arnold was said to be practising, so as to be able to "polish off" a sheep in seven minutes. " Wanted, a good Robespierre," has been the cry of the manager of the Chatelet Theatre in Parit), who is preparing to bring out the new play entitled " Camille Desmoulins." In connection with the histrionic apparition in Paris of the " sea-green incorruptible" may be recalled the fact that when the late Mr. Falconer played Robespierre in a prolix and wordy poetical play of his own composition at Drury Lane, he ; dressed himself like Dominie Sampson, and spoke ¡ with a strong Irish brogue. To liston to the little tyrant when he came down from time to J time to the footlights in his rusty black suit, and ' exclaimed, "O, Liberrtee, fair God-duss!" afforded ' an exquisite delight to spectators with a sense of the humorously incongruous. A new theatre is about to be built in Lima. The architect is an Englishman, Edward Clark. The chief materials he will use, he says, are "steel wire and elastic concrete." He hopes thereby to provide against the contingencies of j earthquake. The latest term in connection with the craze for the productions of the author of a "Doll's House " is Tbscenity." j In New York Mr. Willard has made a great hit in a piece called " John Needham Double," by Mr. Joseph Hatton. It is founded on the strange career and tragic fate of the once notorious Irish M.P., John Sadlier. The story of Sadlier was made use of by Charles Dickens in " Little Doritt," and followod more closely by iCharles Lever in his novel of " Davenport Dunn." The announcement that Henry Irving means shortly to revive " The Corsican Brothers " has given rise to some interesting speculations as to whether the supernatural business in that piece will be done in an improved style. It ia remem bered that, as formerly produced by Mr. Irving, it left much to be desired in that respect. The ghost did his spiriting in too mechanical a fashion. Hopes are, however, expressed that in this instance the manager of the Lyceum will be able to provide a spectre fit to satisfy the most exacting member of the Psychical Society. Mr. Arthur Jones's drama, " The Middleman," is being performed at the Vienna Carl Theatre, under the title of " Arbeit " (Labor). Tho plot of a farcical comedy entitled " Culprits," recently produced at Terry's Theatre, is pronounced positively unintelligible. The audience are saul to have left the theatre in a ! state of utter bewilderment as to what the per formance was all about. Posterity will be in no such dubiety con cerning the actresses of to-day as the present generation of theatrical students is concerning tho surpassing attractions of the : two Mrs. Barrys, Pegg Woffington, Kitty Clive, Mrs. Bracegirdle, and a sc re of other delicious actresses from the d^ys of Mrs. Betterton to those of Mrs. Jordan. Portraits of living actresses are ' multiplied, and press eulogy leaves no facet of ' their talent undescribed. The honor now ac corded to actresses is Bhown in a tribute by Mr. William Winter-the well-known dramatic critic of New York-to Miss Behan, of which 113 copjes are issued by Mr. Augustine Daly. A full account of the career of this delightful actress is given, and portraits of her in ordinary attire and in 20 characters out of her large repertory are fur nished._ 