The Disguised Heir. CHAPTER XXIII. CAPTAIN SALT GROWS MORE INCOMPREHENSIBLE THAN EVER. Viva was not in good spirits, although the sun shone, the frost sparkled, and the air was full of invigorating power. Loneliness and isolation are not the natural heritage of youth. Lately her en- vironment had been of the dreariest, and the melancholy of the empty schoolroom seemed to have entered into her soul. Still, as the jocund sunlight, sparkling on the frosty hedgerows and wide, white meadows, made the whole countryside dazzling in its brilliant rays, the natural joy of youth awoke within her. As it is the nature of lambs to frisk, so it is the nature of boys and girls to laugh and sing. Soon Viva's heart grew light as a feather ; she did not know why-Minny had told her that she would very likely be drowned. *' But since I can't skate, I shall not go upon the ice," she said to herself j "and if I dou't go upon the ice, I can't very well be drowned. Here comes somebody." She heard the sound of a horse's hoofs behind her on the hard road. Half turning, she perceived Lieutenant Long, who took off his riding cap with eagerness, then pulled in his horse and came quietly up to her side. "I heard that you had gone to Dublin," he began. "Dublin? I should like to go ; I like Irish people. I should like Dublin ; I feel sure of it." "Well-but I was told that you were living there as companion to an elderly lady. I am so glad that it's not true." "So am I. I have had so much dulness and quietness lately that I don't wish for a situation of that sort." "Everybody thinks that you have left the village." " But who has said so ?" " I can't at this moment remember. Oh, yes ! that odd old man who has taken The Grange, the American, who, they say, has pillow cases packed with bank notes, and so many diamonds that he is going to cover a piano case entirely with some of the first water." "You must have been dreaming, Lieutenant Long." " Well, I have. I dreamt of you last night, and of another person, and of our dear lost friend, Percy." Viva looked down on the ground to hide the tearb that came into her eyes. Lieutenant Long would have fallen in love with her then and there hai it not been for that young actress love of his. Viva's simple attire became her ; nearly all tints harmonized with the " pearly carnations" as the artists say, of her complexion. " Old Stars and Stripes says you were in Dublin." " Old Stars and Stripes did not tell the truth," said Viva. She spoke aloud, and looking up saw the very person whom she had so irreverently spoken of ap- proaching her; nay, he was so close to her that he must have heard what she said. She blushed scarlet. Captain Salt, meanwhile, that awfully rich old person, advanced a few stops, then made a very low bow to the pretty pupil teacher ; his pale face looked as spiteful as some angry dog's who is about to spring j his eyes flashed absolte fire; his thick, gray moustache and beard seemed to bristle with wrath. " So you have returned from Dublin !'" said Cap- tain Salt. The old fellow was bent nearly double ; he wore a cloak of costly bearskin and a cap of the same ; he leaned upon a gold topped stick with both his thickly- gloved hands ; his piercing eyes, though shaded by bushy gray brows, appeared to pene- trate the very soul of Viva. She shrank from the wierd gleamnig of those strangely fiery oyes, shrank and shivered a little. Suppose that this vastly wealthy American were an evil old man, aftor all ! " You paid a short visit to Dublin," said Captain Salt returning to the charge, for Viva bad been too much astonished to answer his question. " I have never been to Dublin in my life." He stared at her as if he did not believe her. " Why did you tell Lady Daswood that you had received a letter from an old lady a distant relative and that she would male it worth your while to throw up your position in the school, and would leave you her money if you would go to herat once» and that you were to start the next day with your governess' sanction ?" Viva looked her amaze j her great eyes sparkled, the lovely color deepened on her cheeks. " Somebody has been telling wicked falsehoods," she said. Whereupon old Captain Salt broke into a strangly unpleasant laugh. "Possibly," he said, "hut I fear I ara interrupt- ing a pleasant tete-a-tete. I will wish you good morning." Then he made an uncouth sort of bow and hobbled on. " Is that old gentleman mad, I wonder ?" said Viva. " Nobody could have told him the absurd story he has just related. He has made it all up Yes he must be mad, I think." " Very likely," said the young lieutenant, care- lessly. "Lots of peonle are mad ; only I helieve it is quite true that Lady Dashwood thinks you are in Dublin. You know I was not at their ball last week. Unfortunately I had excepted an invitation to dine somewhere else. Bat I called yesterday and I was told all about you losing your way on the Downs and so on. Miss Dashwood told me, and old Salt was there, and he said that you were in Dublin, but had not given your address to a soul. And Lady Dashwood said how pretty you were, and that it might be a good thing if the old lady left you her money." " And there is not a single old lady that I know of in the world who is related to me," said Viva. " Somebody has made up this story. Can it be Captain Salt?" "I afraid it must be," said Long, "and if so I should very much like to kick him." " Hu must be mad," said Viva, " quite mad ; I am sure of it." "And so you are still spending your holidays in loneliness at Rodwell House ?" " I am a sort of prisoner on parole ; but I cannot endure it any longer. I must call at the rectory, and I must tell Lady Dashwood that the story about my being in Dublin is quite false. Also I will speak to Captain Salt about it. I will let the old ruffian know what I think of him." Lieutenant Long thoroughly sympathized with ker. " Only I don't think you ought to speak your mind too plainly to the old rascal," he said. " You see you are only a girl, and you have no father ¡ and this old fellow is a power already in the place on account of his dirty money. He will find lots of people to call all that he does quite right. He seems spiteful. All I mean is, don't make him into an enemy if you can help it." " I don't care," said Viva, recklessly. " I have no father, no brother to take care of me. I must take care of myself, and I shall go on now and overtake Salt, and ask him how he dares to make up stones about me." She waved her adieu as she spoke to the young officer, and then hastened after that bent form of the old man in the f«r cloak, which went on slowly, halting every five minutes, owing to the feebleness of age or to the lameness with which he was afflicted. Lieutenant Long rode forward now, taking off his hat to Viva as he urged his horse on ; and then the road was clear before her-a white road, spark- ling frostily in the sunshine-and the figure of the bent old man ahead of her. I She came, and she saw that Captain Salt was waiting for her, leaning on his stick in a grotesque, deserept attitude. "Captain Salt," she called out, in clear, em- phatic tones. Then she stopped, for she was standing close to him by this time. " Well, young lady," said he, in his gruff voice< "what ia it?" " I am quite surprised that you should conde- scend to make up false stories about me. I think you must be a coward to try and injure a defence- less girl. Viva was in a towering rage. She looked su- premely beautiful in her wrath- oyes sparkling, red lips apart, colour mantling on the creamy fair nesB of her face. Captain Salt stared hard at her ; then he said, Bternly : " What do you mean ?" " I mean that when I left the Dashwoods I went straight back to Eodwoll House j and there I have lived ever since. And yet you told Lady Dashwood that I had left for Ireland, and was companion to an old lady in Dublin, who was going to leave me her money." " That is true," said Captain Salt, roughly j " I did tell her that," " How dare you tell her that ?" said Viva, stamp- ing her foot. "How dare you make up stories about me f" " I did not make it up, my dear. I only told the tale as it was told to me. I believed that you had gone to Dublin, and I told Lady Dashwood so." " Told to you ? Who told you so ?" "Now, who was it? One of the lady visitors whom I met at the Dashwoods' ball- that brilliant, beautiful young woman, cousin, or some relation to the Earl of Helvellyn." " You mean Mia* Godfrey, I Buppose ?" "That is the name. She is the lady who told me of your sudden departure for Ireland. That, you see, was how it came to pass that I did not call at your school, and leave you some hothouee grapes in a box, as I had meant to do. I thought you were in Dublin, quite beyond the reach of me and my grapes," " MisB Godfrey must be mad, if she really told you this." " I don't think she is at all mad, my dear ; she evidently believed what she was saying j somebody must have told her." " I shall question her," said Viva. " She shall not tell untruths about me. I will speak to her moat plainly." "Do so," said Captain Salt, altering his tone, and looking kindly at Viva. " You can tell her, if you like, that I informed you she had told me this false story ; you may tell her, if you like, that I say that I think it very singular conduct on her part. It happened like this :-I drove over to the Dashwoods', and reached the house at twelve o'clock. I found that you were gone when I asked for you-I had promised you, you know, to call for you and drive you back to your school. I took it very quietly, although I was annoyed. Yes, I was annoyed, my dear ¡ and then I made up my mind that you should have some fruit to eat and some pleasant books to read, and that, if it were possiblo, I would take you out for a drive, or send a carriage to take you ont if I did not feel up to driving my- self. 1 am an old man, my dear"-Captain Salt shook his head; "old people can't do as young people can." There was no refuting this assertion. Viva said nothing, and Captain Salt continued : " I went away in a huff with Lady Dashwood, though perhaps she did not see it. Then I returned to the Grange, and looked out a lot of Christmas annuals and illustrated magazines to amuse you, I made the housekeeper pack up a box full of candied fruits and cakes, and told the gardener to cut two or three bunches of grapes from tho hot- house and pack them in a basket. Also I wrote you a little note and enclosed a Christmas card-though Christmas is over-but since I wrote it myself, I thought you might like to have it. Then, when all was ready the next morning, I ordered my car- riage and was coming round to Rodwell House to leave my little presents, and even hopiner that I might see you for a moment, when a carriage drew up to my door, and who should have come to call on me, but Colonel Godfrey, my neighbour at Brenda Lodge. He was accompanied by his beauti- ful daughter. Miss Godfrey began to talk about you at once ; she told me that it was a good thing you had left the neighbourhood, since her brother had been in danger of falling in love with you. " ' Left !" I said ; and I am afraid I let her see how vexed and surprised I was. " ' Oh, yes,' she said ; ' she did not sleep at Rod- well House one night after the Dashwoods' ball. When she returned, she found her schoolmistress, Miss Baker, was already in the house, with power and instructions to send her off to Dublin at once, in the capacity of companion to an old lady, a relation of her mother ; so sho went off yesterday afternoon.' " Miss Godfrey did not tell me how she came to be so well acquainted with all your movements. I tried to find out, but the Colonel had so much to talk about, and I grew quite interested in his conver- sation, he has seen so much of the world. I tried to find out your address in Dublin, but that Miss Godfrey did not know. When they were gone I drove over to the Chesters to ask your address for t had heard you speak of them as your only friends ; but I found Mrs. Chester and her eldest daughter were away in London on a visit. Mr. Darwin Chester was likewise absent, and the Rec- tor came out of his study, dazed and dreamy with metaphysical study, instead of talking of you, he talked of Spinoza and the German doctors. So I came away and gave you up as lost to me, for a time at least." " Miss Godfrey shall answer to me for this !" said Viva. " I am poor, she is rich ; her father is the heir to an earldom-I am an orphan 5 but those advantages don't give her the right to tell untruths of me." " Lies, my dear," said Captain Salt. " Don't be afraid of the word. You find, in Holy Writ, a lie is a lie, and deserves no prettier name. Well, you shall call Miss Godfrey to account for this-only will you allow me to be present, so that you may be able to appeal to me in support of your asser- tions." I " Allow you to be present, Captain Salt !" cried I Viva; "how can you ask that? Only, when and where shall I see her ?" " Put it off for the present, my dear ; leave it to me to arrange. You shall have the grapes-other grapes, at least-and cakes, and the magazines, and any books you like; and as soon as your gover- nesses return I shall call upon them and don't let anybody pack you off to Ireland, or anywhere else, without consulting me." He paused a moment, then he said : " Lieutenant Long is a charming young man, is he not ?" " He is kind, and frank, and pleasant," said Viva, Captain Salt coughed. " I suppose-naturally, he is in love with you, is he not ?" "Oh, dear, no," said Viva, speaking earnestly and without a smile ¡ " he was a gteat friend of-of my friend," she added in a low tone, " who is dead. He has taken an interest in me on his account." " Where did you meet him, my dear ?" " At the Bazaar ?" said Viva. ' ' ? I i ? I " At the Bazaar ? said Captain Salt, with a grim smile." " Only one you mean ?" " Only that same one, where I was not allowed to ' speak to him, and he dared not give me that bouquet of white roses." " What a muff he must have been," said Captain Salt. Viva flashed an angry glance upon him. " Please not to speak so of the dead," she said. " Oh, he may not be dead after all, my dear. You know his body has not been found." " He is dead," said Viva in a low tone. " Well," said Captin Salt, cheerfully, " then he is better off j so let us forget him as quickly as we can, and I will be your friend. I have lots of money and when you fall in love with a hero I'll give you a wedding present-a big cheque !" " I don't believe in heroes," said Viva. " Be sides, where shall I meet with one ?" " I will look out some heroes," said the old man, with a sarcastic smile, " and I'll invite you to meet them at The Grange. I shall invite your governesses also, and all the school, so that they will surely let you come. And now, somehow, I don't wish the beautiful Miss Godfey to know just yet that you and I have met and are friends, and that I know you are still in the village. I want to find out the lady's object. Will you, instead of going on to the skating pond, where you will perhaps see her, and so spoil everything- will you let me walk back with you to the school ? We pass the road which leads to my house-The Grange. I will not ask you in now, because I do not wish to draw any attention to you just yet ; but if you will wait I will go in and put all the things together that I intend you to have, and I will bring them to you and carry them for you all the way to Rodwell House." Viva stared at the old American in amaze. " You can't carry all those things you spoke of Captain Salt. I can't wait for them." "Well," he said after a pause, "perhaps that will be the better way after all. I will go with you as far as the village, and I will tell you my plans for you. You must know that I have taken a great fancy to you, and when my adopted daughter arrives I should like you to be her friend and companion." " But she may not like me at all," said Viva. "And I don't think she will. I am not a gentle, amiable girl, I am afraid." " I am afraid not," said Captain Salt. " You were in a great rage with me just now, were you not?" " Í was," the girl answered. " I should be in a rage with the Czar of Russia if he told untruth, about me," " Say lies ," said Captain Salt. " But since Miss Godfrey alone is my enemy, we will not talk of my ill temper any moro." " Well, I mean to give a great entertainment at The Grange. There is to be a swell dinner at Derrywood Court, I am invited. Miss Godfrey has invited me. I shall take notes of it, and give one of the same sort at The Grange ; and I shall in- vite the Misses Baker and all their pupils." "Good gracious," said Viva; "Miss Louisa will not come herself or allow one of us to come." Captain Salt stopped suddenly in the road, took out a large white silk handkerchief, buried his face in it, and seemed to be seized with a violent fife of coughing. Viva fancied that he must be taken ill. She stared at him in alarm. " What can I do ?" she said. He put his hand upon her shoulder. " Don't mind me," he gasped ;*" I am old, but I am tough. I am nnt really ill. When I die you will find that I have not forgotten you; but I hope you will have a thoroughly good husband, and marry-have years of wedded happiness-long be- fore I die." Then this eccentric old man seemed to recover himself. He put his great silk handkerchief into his pocket, he leaned heavily on his stick and walked on pretty fast, in spite of his lameness. " I am quite sure," he said, after a pause, " that your Miss Louisa will come to the Grange, and bring you all. I have, in fact, written to invite her, fixing the date some time next month, and she has written me quite a pretty note accepting the invi- tation on the part of her sister and herself. In fact, the idea has struck me that Miss Louisa may enter- tain the idea that marriage with an American if he has enough money might even be preferable to presiding over an establishment uko Rodwell House !" Viva stood still in the road, and her laugh rang out on the clear, frosty air. "Don't marry her," she said. "Don't Captain Salt. Miss Louisa has no heart, a very small mind! and no soul to speak of." " My dear," said Captain Salt, " perhaps a lady with no heart, a very small mind and no soul to speak of might acquit herself very well as the mis- tress of the Grange. Hearts are such demonstra- tive things. Minds and souls are so difficult to satisfy." " You won't marry her," said Viva, with a laugh. " and you don't mean a word that you are saying." " Very well, my dear, have it your own way j buù I can show you Miss Louisa's note of acceptance. And when you come to the Grange I hope you will spend a happy time." Then Captain Salt changed the conversation to the subject of novels, tales, and romances. He asked Viva if she believed in ghosts, and he told her one or two singular stories. She was altogether puzzled by him. She could not understand if he were serious or if he were mocking her. He was kind, but he was cynical ; he did not seem to have any faith in humanity, and she could not even be quite sure that he was really friendly toward herself. There was a sort of passionate fierceness in his glance and even in his tones, every now and then, which the occasion did not seem to warrant. She was half fascinated, half afraid of him. At the outskirts of the village they parted. Ha took her hand into both his own and held it in a lingering clasp. "Will you promise to tell me when you have chosen your husband ?" he said. " I shall not choose him, he will choose me." " Of course I should have said, when you have accepted a husband." " Well, if it happened soon, and if I were near you ; but it won't happen." "It will happen," he said vehemently. Then he let go of her hand, and he hobbled away. She stood still, and stared after him, thinking him the oddest vet kindest man she had ever met. That night arrived by the carrier a great hamper for Viva, packed with the nicest cakes, candied fruits, hothouse grapes, and bonbons. Also there were all the best of the illustrated Christmas an- nuals at the bottom of the hamper and a letter directed to her in a strange, scrawling hand. She opened it, and read these words : " Sweets to the sweet Viva, from Captain Salt.'* (To be continued.) 