AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE ROYAL. The advent of Mr. J. L. Sullivan, the American champion, as a member of a. dramatic company drew a very large audience at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night, the stalls and gallery being crowded, and a fair muster of spectators in the curdle including a number of ladies. The piece, " Honest Hearts and Willing Hands," is mostly the adaptation of a novel, into which D. B. Harrison has worked dialogue and scenes to afford tbe fistic champion an opportunity of appear ing in a suitaWe role, Tbe piece is a melodrama of the usual stamp, with a strong dash of vfllany in it, vice and virtue meeting with suitable rewards in tbe last act. Except for «ome improbabilities, allowable on tbe stage, die play is a fairly good one throughout. The arch villain is Arthur Dare (Mr. Charles HoUoway), who not only robs but eventually murders his own father, General de Lacy Dare (Mr. Ireland). For this crime the patricide uses a pistol belonging to John Daly (Six. Duncan B. Harrison), who is bounded down for the murder, and has to go into hiding for a while. The brothers John Daly and James Daly (Mr. .T. L. Sullivan) are tenants of the elder Dare, who has threatened them and their mother (Miss Herrick) with eviction from the Range, where their ancestors lived before then). This is done at the instigation of Arthur Dare, who is scheming to getpossession of his father's ward, an heiress,Knuly Poignsford (Miss Emma Bronton), who is betrothed to tbe elder Daly, John. Arthur Dare has pre viously taken from her home Martha O'Neiil (Mies Alice Deorwyn), the sweetheart of Jim Daly, but she has made her escape scatheless from his allurements and returns sorry and chastened to her humble home. Tbe Dalys keep the village smithy and work at their own forge, and the big brother Jim poses as the master of a set of harmonious blacksmiths, who ring "The anvils clang," and other numbers written by Mr. Harrison. A rascally attorney, Terance McNab (Mr. \V. P. Sheldon), aids the murderer, Arthur Dare, in his schemes, and Teddy Hinion, of Layrock (Mr. Ghas. Sea grave), contrives with the help of Norah Daly (Miss Madge Seymour) to raise I ome hearty laughs occasionally by his comic love making. Retribution upon Arthur Dare and tbe attorney comes in the usual way, and Lieutenant Francis (Mr. Richard) and the Mgers, who have been hunting down Daly get possession of the real criminal at last As an incident of the niece the balla games are celebrated, and one, Tug O"Bri«m (Mr. Jack Ashton), is hired to dispute the title of local champion with Jim Daly, with whom he has a boxing set-to under Queensberry rules in a roped arena, and is of course knocked out by Mr. Sullivan at the end of three rounds. The audience gave the champion a very hearty reception, and called him with the other principals before the curtain at the close of each act. The curiosity to see so- famous a pugilist was evidently the strongest feeling amongst the audience, and while they enjoyed his brusque speech and admired bis muscular figure they seemed to be actuated with a spirit of fair "play—that Sullivan although an American should be just as well received as a colonial champion. Mr. Sullivan's attirv in a dark velvet coat, knee breeches, and patent leather shoes is certainly somewhat incon gruous in connection with the character of a village blacksmith, but we t-uppo-^ 1 it was found necessary to adopt ssonie such attire to show off his pro|K>rtions, as Sullivan in ordinary "bags" would at present look a somewhat burly figure. The champion would hardly claim for himself tbe title of a finished actor, but he acts his part very well throughout. His figure is so massive that he moves about much as a statue of Hercules would if it were invested 'with powers of locomotion. He speak* his sen tences in jerks, uttered in a deep boss voice, and when it assumes a thundering tone, such as "I'll brain you if you don't clear out" the gallery yells with delight, and seems only to regret that he doesn't instantly put his threat into execution. Although Mr. Harrison i< himself a well set-up man, his big brother Jim looks a boss chu'.!«.*r-nut and a dangerous character to meddle with, so that he fits in well with the situations' where- his muscular powers an> brought into request. < I reat interest was taken in his set-to with .lack Ashtou, and it was noticeable that the strong right arm, which has yet proved invincible amongst !r- fi*«, w*nt ontvery straight f rom tbe Kn<>?.ild<<r, and it would require a very good man even nuw la stand up for six round? in front >«f Stili-v.in ii he went into training to content his right to the title of the "champion of the world." Specu lation was rife as to whether Sullivan intends eventually to meet Frank Slavic, and interest in the possibilities of such a contest i* increased by the opportunity which is now afforded of Feeing Sullivan perform in the ring. Jack Ash ton is no noviw, aud make* a very good glove display until he gets his coup de grace. 'Die names of the various members of the company are sufficient to guarantee a good all-round performance of the play, and "Honest Hearts and Willing Hand:> will no iloubt attract two more big audience to night and tomorrow, when it will be withdrawn in favor of " The Gondoliers."' I hiring the evening a pivsenta tion of a gold locket was iiiade on the stage to Mr. Sullivan on behalf of Mr. L. M. Ti.-r and other l«xsd admirers of the cliampivm of " the noble art of self-di-fcuo-.'' S.vrvm-.u Port'LAK Cosvrnr. The t'mal popular concert «<f the sta^jn was given on Saturday nicht, wb-m then? wa« a large attendance. It is satisfactory to know that the promoti-rfc of th<:ntf concerts- have this year reaped sonw little reward for their l?tie?ce and enterpri.-*, and that the result of their labors lias lxn financially s;uve?.sf'iL Fourtoen concerts have been pv.oi, tlKr atta-n -daiwe at whk-h lias agpri'gateil owr 14,<k10, while more than £'4UO- has been ]>aid away in artirW f**-s. Kvery itfort luv be?-n msde to pro-jutv th« Ijest tr.U-nt both in Adelaide and the «>th-_-r colonies, i>.nd the result has been a succession of moHcal programme? of unusual merit, well worthy the |>atronage which has been so liberally bestowed. While th<-se prosfranioies have invariably included one or more classical numbers, due regard to the jiopular nature of the concerts has been observed, and the result of the blending of the two has Ixjen singularly pleasing, while the success which has attended this w;nes augurs well for the prosperous iy-ue of next season's concerts. Owing to the length of tbe programme on Saturday night the management notified that no «.-uoores would be regjxmded to, a wise precaution which might very well be observed on other occasions. Mr. C. P. James, a tenor, whone voice has frequently been heard in Adelaide in amateur operatic performances, 'sang Adams's " Good Company" fairly -well, and with Mr. 11\. R. Holder was heard in the duet, from 'fMftritana," "I am the King of Spain." Mr. James's voice appears to have lost that robust ness which made it no effective in Wallace's music and is too throaty to be 'pleasing. He. tang "The white squall" with moderate sucocsh. Miss O'Suilivan gave a pleasing rendering of Mattel's " Story land," and alwj sang a mournful ditty entitled "Derniot at tore.'" Either tang writers of the present day are afflicted with an ever present melancholy, or concert singers have a morbid fancy for tinging only those ballads which treat in a variety of thaptsi of misfortune and death, but certain it is that the average concert programme noiv-a days has in this respect a most depressing effect upon the audience, and the sensitive listener cannot but feel that he has been attending a well-conducted but gloomy succession of funerals. The singer who will avoid this maudlin sentimentality and substitute botue of the old time, songs, which are full of life and vigor, deserves well of the public. Miss 1.-v:y Stevenson sang "1 cannot mind my wheel' with pathutic exprufeiou, and was also heard in the. concerted numbers:'. The nioet buci~asf v! of the vocalitts was undoubtedly Mr. H. It. Holder, who gave a uio&t; artistic ruuder ing of Abt's "Still is tb« night." Mr. Holdtr, who M? a heavy bass voice, lux acquired the power of modulating it very effectively, and the iui|>rovenieut in his method •since the beginning of these eon-titfe has Ih<cu both marked and pleasing. The famous ««■ tetto from "Lucia di Lauimerohjor' 1 wai given by Misses Lucy Stevenson aud O'Suili van and Messrs. C. P. James, M. Marcus, If. G. Nash, and H. R. Holder. Although tlie music proved a trifle too much for them the company gave a fairly intelligent interpreta tion of this well-known number. A duet and chorus, "In days of laug eyne," was more lieculiar than attractive, the introduction of •'Auld lang syne" with most singular har monies being rau.ci tuiriluig than otherwise, but as it served to bring the whole of the company on th« platform and was given as a farewell number it wa-. greeted with considerable applause. It was a happy idea of the management to engage llerren Vollniar aud Heinicke for this last concert. IJotb these gentlemen liave been frequently beard during the series, and to them much of their success is due, for each has a large following of admirers, who lose no op|K>rtunity of hearing them in public. "Kol .Nid?e,i," a solo for the violoncello with pianoforte and organ accompaniment, which was heard with 6o much pleasure at a recent string quartet concert, was played on Saturday by Herr Vollmar, Mr. C. J. Stevens, and Mr. C. J. Sharp, when it proved equally acceptable. Another solo, "O Cara Memoria," by tlie celebrated Servaif, was beautifully rendered by lderr Vollniar, who surmounted the charac teristic difficulties of this brilliant writing with artistic ease and finish. Herr Heiuicke played Vieuxtemp's "Ballade ft Polonaise" with grace aud feeling, and fully displayed his powers in the brilliancy of execution with which he rendered this effective number. Mendelssohn's trio for pianoforte, violin, and violoncello was given by Mr. C. J. Stevens and Herren Heinicke and Vollmar in a majipAr which called forth the enthusiastic platidite of the atidicnre. Mr. C. J. Stevens acted as )i/<ifical director and accompanist during the evening with his customary skill, being parti cularly effective in the latter department. CYdORAMA. 'ihere was another lughly eatisfactory atten dance at the Cyclorama on Saturday, both afternoon and evening cessions being well jwtroniscd. Tbe musical interludes provided tend to pleasantly diversity the lecture de liveml by the manager on these occasions, so that alto?ettoer a visit to this great picture now is well repaid. Musical Ghost Illuhion. The attendance of visitors at this illusion last Saturday both afternoon and evening was larger than ever. This is the last week of the illusion, which has been open eight weeks, during which over 5,000 persons have passed the>doors. 