H-lovelfst. A LIFE AT STAKE. . By MRS. HARRIET LEWIS \- Author of " The House of Secrets? " Vivian Thome? " The Heiress of Eremont? " The False Heir? 6v., Cre, CHAPTER XIV.-(COBTIKDBD.) " Well, well," rejoin! Tlierwoll, with a . slight impatienoe In bis tone;" i'll writo out the agreement for you. Yon oan sond your boy for it some evening, for ft won't do for me to be seen too much at the Dsro Arms, or for you to bo seen here until titer tnc . wedding. If tbsro should be any miabap, you know, it would bo as well to prove that wo have seen nothing of caob other, and con. ' sequent! j cannot bavo been engaged in a oooeplrnay." \- " Then wo'lt tnako oat tbo agreement to night.. I've got a dark lantern hero uodcr nay eohtfand paper, pen, and ink In my pooket." With increasing impatience Thcrwcll ob jected to this proposition, declaring that tho -light might bo seeo from tbo mansion, "Then we'll go. to tho bottom of tho garden," ' said tho innkeeper, doggedly " There's a snmmerhoueo there as tight as a dram, wttu ourtatus to suo windows anu a look to . tho daw?. I've been there often, \- in the days when Hwas valet to Sir Aliyn's . : ' father/1 . . - / After a minute's delay Therwell ftoccded to tbo request; tbo'; two .men quitted the . . bower, and set ont for the summer-house. Mrs. Amry mnttcrod when the soand of their footsteps had died away: . "They'll get what tboy deserve some day, \- - Idon'l doubt." "How came you here 7V -.whispered llde, ohanging hor position, whioh; had become tircsomo. " I was looVlug fr'om my window and saw \- Therwoll on tbo lawmin . front, aottag as if ho woro watting for someono, mies, and, thinking be. might hot moan any good, 1 elipped downstairs and fdllowed blm into tho \- garden. . Tboy bod beemtalking halt on hour whou you oame. Did you eco them too, \- miss ?" . - . " No, and bnt for your warning I should have walked directly into their, preBonoc," naid lido. - ' It was a otrango providence . that you .should have saved mo from suoh disaster."' ' 1 may yot savo you from a greater grief than that, MUs Dare, " responded tbo woman, eigniOoantiy. ' " Your kindness to. mo, n poor wayfaror, will yet return in blessings upon your own bead, I cannot toll you moro now —I have not time; but I prophesy that yon . will never marry Thorwoll." 11 1. never will if I can belp it." "But / oan and will prevont .it, Miss .Bare," declared Bits, Amry, energetically. . With ono wave of. my hand I- could dispel '. -tbo olonde that now onvelopo your pathway, . < . bat I am not euro that I could rostoro your \- father's poaco of mlud." ' : »l oould not bo hanpy if papa wcro miser- able, sfiid lido, plaintively. " I should-bfiYo said that with one wave o! my hand I oould prevont this marriago," omended tho woman. " I think I. oould' make Thorwoll roloaso yoUr fatbor, too; but if ho has proofs of ought against him I muBt wait and see. Ono week more—wait with \- hope and patience for a sihgla week, Miss < Dsro." . "You bavo then, seen Thorwoll boforo, Mrs,. Amry?" questioned tho . baronet's daughter. -."Sjonbiml" oried the woman, in a voice of passionate energy, through whiqb ran o ; wailing undertone, "hut for bim, Mies . .- Dare, I.should have boon the proudest and ' : ' bnppiest womau in tho world to-night. Ho was u dc.idlyeerpont who oroesocl ray path . . . way, only to blast and destroy my peaoe of mind. I vowed thet I would have rovengo. . For.yoarol havo 'Bought liim, and sought in . : yaiu. I oamo'hcre- discouraged, worn-out, despairing. You gave mo food and shelter, ' - ' uud horo I. stumbled upon him by Occident. If you had sent mo away/' and her voiea woe lull of Repressiveness, "I should not havo found him, and you would havo been doomed to a bitter, bitter, bittor life with him 1" ildo drow noarer to tbo woman, looking at her with a face full of -pnesionato cagcrnoaB, oo might boaeonin tho oubducd otarlight. It ; eeomod to tbo girl aa if her prayers bad been . answered. She had desired to meet with eomeono to whouh tho past lifo of' Thorwell was fully known, and a ory of joy arose to her Bps as she folt that oho had found that ore iu tho woman oho had fed and , tfkcltored. "You know Thcrwill, then?" oho oaid. » Do you know of anything in his lifo which \- ho would shrink from exposing! Has he . over broken pay of tbo laws of tho oouutry? Tell mo, dear Mrs. Amrv,; that I may have noma weapon with which to dofond mysolf against him." /.'Loavo all to mo, Mien Dare," said tho \- woman, arising, and standing ercot. " I V e&nuot; tell you now what you OBk, but. rest ) assured that you shall never bo hia wife, I /.will defend you." ?b.®,!l)oko ouch forco o! manner that .lido felt compelled to havo faith in her. Tho woman looked at her thoughtfully,' 'regarding nor attire, and tho rippling waves ol hair that surrounded hot throat,, looking now like a- light and dusky mass, and £Bui: " P'-V10"' IJaro, but the : lioar is Very lato. You aro dressed for tidinc. . Surely you aro. not bo wild an to think of abandoning your home 1" ' . ' >» Ob, no, indeed !" responded Ildo. Then ... . -with an Irroslstlbla Impilac to conQdo in :thle slngul« woman, wbo had promised- to , refloue bcr from tbo impending marriage, ebo jiddedp In a wh- Bpcrr ' i am going, with my father » consent, ond well attended, to soarou for tho written compact of whJcu-Therwell spokol" . .. \- : Yon aro going to bis placo oallcd Oak BQBW V' , lido aaeented. The woman reflected a moment, and then said; . v " You aro right, Miss Dare. Tho paper must bo foaud and . destroyed. With' that out of tho way, your father may bo saved 1(1 know what wns'in that paper, I might bo" able—. Still, it tho document be what I ouspcct, it ought not to j bo in existence. Go, Mies Dare, and may Heaven prosper you errand. Go, beforo those men return this way." There were many questions which Ildo longed to ask,' but Mrs. Amry 'a last woido deoided her to depart upon bcr errand at once. -Resolving to gain tbo confldonco of tbie woman on her return, she pressed her band, said a few words of thanks, and turned to go. " Stop 1" said Mrs. Amry, as tho girls stood in tho arched opening of tho deli. "Miss Dare, Thorwoll ooco pooicascd a small square mahogany box in wbioh he kopt his private papers. It was a valuablo one, inlaid witb a gold wreath on the top, and he prized it very highly. It had a false bottom, which opened by presilog one of the gold leaves in tho front. If that box bo at Oakehaw, it has this paper concealed In it. I havo beard him say that it was tho inCBt secure placo that oould bo devised for tho conocalmtnt of anything of value. Look for it.". With Ibis parting injunction eho again begged thomaiilanato hasten their dopniluro beforo tho return of Tberwcll. Thoy oboyed her, huiryfng away under tho ehadow of tho shrubs and boabos to tbo appointed rendezvous. It was a brief walk, mado eventful by sovcral alarms, Miss Artdale fancying that Tberwell was following tbcni, or that sho beard tbo two men's foutoteps ; but Ildo on- couraged and reassured her, and they at length reached their destination in safety. At tho door of tbo stable-yard, a neatly paved court, they found Jirmin, tho groom is whom fide had confided, and who was to accompany them. He wae an honest-faced, gray-haired man whoso duty It had always bcco, slnca her earliest childhood, to attend upou his young mistress In her riding excursions. As lids bad said, he was devoted other; but even lido aid not know with what alavo-like fidelity tbo old groom clung to the houao and name of Dire, or with what worshipping reference ho tearded the lovely young heiress ol its famo and fortunes. Ha canto forward, bowing, with one hand uplifted, and said: " If you please, Mtss ildc, I thought I flaw a couple of men— servants most like- prowling around In the gardens a little wbilo ago, and, as tho journey wae to jio secrot, I made bold to tuko the horses round to the park, knowing that you always havo tho boys to thn park gatco," " You havo done well, Jarrnin, said hia young mistress, "Wobovo been delayed a little, but quick riding will makoupforloat- timo. Wo will start at onoo." Tho grcom obeyed, and act out with rapid step toward tbo epot whoro tho horses woro iu waiting, tho two young ladies, band iu hand, following bim. It was bat a few utcpa to Edeu Park, and a brisk walk of a low minutes brought them to tbo waiting etceds. Tho horses wcra compiotoly capari soned for tho journey, and Ildo mounted her favorite; a fleet, graceful Arabian. Mius Aradalo was anBistcd upon tlio book of a thoroughbred animal which aba always iUUV, PUU H«U b-UUUI YUUIIUU UJUIl fcllU uuoa of aawift-footed horao, whioh- waa tbo epeaial favorito of Sir AUyn. " Wo will ride through tho park, pass tho the lake, and go out by tho lower park gato," said llde, In a low tone, "Ride quietly until we reaoh the road, elso wo may bo heard I" . . ' v l'ha groom foil back behind tho two young ladies, and the horses proceeded at-a qumt ppco upon Jbo route designated. , f). Meanwhile, tho woman whoso - assurance bad done so maoh to lighten the heart of Ildo' stood for a fow moments in thrf litjlo flower- decked nook, gaziog In tho direotioif tho young ladios had takoo. ? I1 1 don't know but 1 did wrong -to advise - bor to go," sho muaed. "Perhaps, 'after alt. this journey is uuncccdsary, Thcrwell will givo up tho paper 'If I "wcro to' demand it "&o; tho prico of furegoing iny rovengo. Still, to mako oil euro, obo< had better get it. Sho BQid sho- would bo woll attended. Doubtless, sho tftkca half a dozen acrvaute with her. Sho in', safe enough, whoever may be in tho house," -.Dflspito this soif- assuranncOithcwoman's manner 'was uneasy Eho half started in pursuit of Mies Rare, end then, obiding her self for hor folly, shrank book again into tho shade of tho little nook. Sbo' was standing (hero,- thoughtful and abstracted, with a etrango gleam on her' grim face, her fingers working nervously .together, wbeu footatepa wero board upon tbo gravelled walk,- low and ooutious tones were distinguishable, and sho waa mado awaro of tho return cf tho oon federates.' . . " ThorwoU'a voioo sounded as bland and smooth. as over; Hoadley'e .was full of aup pressodoxultation. As tho voioo of tbo formor penetrated bcr hearing; ehe bocamo at .once alert and vigi lant., Tho abstraoted look gave placo to an cagor expression, and oho loaned- forward listening intently.. . But Bho.oould, gathgr nothing from thoir worda', oxcopt that Thorwell'htld Ivrittcb and signed tbo dooum'ont demanded by tho inn keeper. Their business was evidently con cluded, and there wcro no allusions mado to tbo bayonet's daughtor or to thoappro&ahing; marriage. Tboy passed tlio laburnum bower, walking slowly aodalnibst-sUcntly; shoatolo out from her oouocalmont and orept after tbera, taking euro . that her footatepa should not.be heard, apd that hor movemontu should bo eoroenod by' the bushes. / ' ' In this way tlley-( passed around tbo mansion, and 'cnlorod into tbo dcopor ehado of thQ'iawn, -- , Moro foaxlees now, Mrs. Amry oropt nearer. .- . The oonfedorates, io her great disappoint ment, merely reiterated 'thBlf' mutual promises, and' then' separated, tho- ea'tisfldd lnnkcopor depnrting for. Edcnvllle,.- nnd Therwoll lighting, a cigar, and walking sloa.ly up and down tl.wde avcnuo. Mrs. Amry looked_!at him from behind a' clump ofehrubbery, with gleaming eyes and a faco full of p.usionato hatred. A life-timo of bUternosa and .anguish compressed - jtsclf. into a uiogloburning lopk. that might havo scorched, oven guilty , soul, and she' lifted her urui as if invoking venfle'anaa Upbn him.' ' Pcrhnpsjjoroo mysterious instinct wornod lilrn- of tho prpscpco .of an onomy.; perhapo. that look really penetrated'' to' his soul ; or perhapo e'orao subtlo chord 'that had onoo bound him to that woman ia eotno way, but wbioh had been broken, began to ro-assert Ita influenco, ..so that ho folt that sbo woe near. Whatever tho oaaso, it was oor- tain that ho stopped1 abruptly, looked around' hiiu.unoaslly, and than his gaza settled upon tbo . woman, whowas plainly visible to him. Sho presented a strange, weird pioturo as sho stood thero, tbo lower half of her parson intbo shada of tho bushes, hor faco leaning out toward him, with tho starlight Testing full upon it, exaggerating its wild, passionato expression, itc palUd whitencse, its menacing look, and giving oven a spectral appoaranoo to tier1 uplifted arm. Ho staggered back appalled, the cigar drop, plug from his lips, and his limbs trembling beneath his weight. . ... As sho marked the clfcotof her appearanco upon him; a mocking smilo flitted over tbo woman'a otein hps. " I— I thought sbo was dead (" muttered ThorwcU, unconsciously, hissmoothncss and blandacss of manner gouo, and a cold pcrs- piration brcnklug out upon his largo, round faco, "Alival olivo l and hero to ruin me 1 Alive, aud eager for icvengo i" Ho groaned involuntarily, but sustained liimsclfbyloaningcgainsta tree. . Tho shook of seeing her had been so sudden . had un prepared for, that ho folt his presence of mind desert bim, his oourogo'fsda away, and for a moment ho was almost para lysed. hat only for a moment. . The womnu-gavo tittcvnnco to a mooting- kind of laugh, tlmt cent tho blood tingling through bis vriob, and which scorned ' to Bet his heart. and brain on fire1, ond nerved him to action. With a quick aud sudden bound, liko that of a Least of prey, ho sprang toward hfr, gained lur ouvett, and found that sho was gone. Sno had vanished as utterly and com- pletcty as if-ehe had hecomo invisible.'- Wondoring, and alarmed, hohurxicd In and out of the trees, and traveled tbo? lawn, searching everywhere, but in vain, for this mysterious oppearsncc. There wae a vein of snperstition In his nature that made itself parceptible at that moment ; with lintbd trembling, heart beat ing furiously, ho hurried toward tbomansion, wiping the clammy dew from his face as he muttered: "The old superstitiooo are not at fault. Why does she appear to mo ? Let hor'obmo os often as she likes," ho added, recklessly, " so long as eho docs not oorno in tho flesh. I am less afraid 6f bor ghost than of heir living body." \ Again that wild, supernatural laugh rang out on tho night olr. ' With a stifled obriek »Therwellrashod'iDto tho house, bolted the door, and crept -tip to his room in Bilenoo and in terror. ' And then tho strsngo woman arose from tho midst of tho clamp of bashci; where sho bad fallen proatrato and retnaino'i unseen;aho men rcturnod to tho house, and her own room, murmuring: ' " fie has had a foretaste of misery to-night Thcro yet rematUB a briminiog cup whiob ho mu&f; drain drop by drop, Ycff, lido Dare, you shall bo freed, and I shall bo avenged I" CHAPTER XXV. A STA&TLKD; FACE IX TIIU UJCUWAT, " Thinlcit thou there dwills no courage but in brcastM That set their mall against the ringing spears, When helmet are struct duwn ? Thou little knowest Of naturo's matvsls."— Mrs. Ucmans. As tho little party of adventurers rods quietly onward through the'hush and sllcnco of tho night, witb tbo bicczea whispering eoleramy from the bendiog trees of tho forest-like p'ark, tbo stars ehioing tranquilly down tbroogli thu overarching foltvge, Ildo felt assured that tbo right would yet triumph over tbo wrong, and tbnt her rxi-rtious on ber father'u behalf would bo bloised by Iliui who notes oven tho faiatc.4 emotions of tbo buinau heart. a With hor coarago quickening into now lifo, tbo blood coursing moro evenly in her vcino, a etrango tranquility creeping over her mind, abo rode un, her bright eyes up lifted, as if drinking in strength from tbo loveliness of tho night, andlier soul absorbed iu eelf-commuuioDi Her friend, Kato Aradalo, mado no at toinpt to intrado upon lido's ellsnco. With her band upon tho rein, and hor eyes fixed steadily upon the path thoy wero pursuing, sho relinquished all caro and thought to Ildo, content to follow hor galdance. whero Sir AHyn's daughtor had twico encountered Lord Trosstllian, . and whore ebo had learned from him tho ewoot old story of love. Tho tondcr influences llogoring about tho spot mado themeolvca felt by lide evon now. and sbo drooped her gazo ond looked lovingly upon tho aceno, wbilo her ohooks burned hotly, and abe turned hor head away slightly, as it fearing that her friend- might read hor faoe by the Btarlight, . .. Edun Lake had never looked loveliarip tbo full glow of fiunshino than it did now when : bathed in the liquid silvery glow of the' faint night-light, its bosom roflooting tho fringing trees and the.myriad Blare, and its gay littlo boat houec. Kato Aradalo earveyed it with renewed, appreciation, then uttered a frightened exclamation. . "Wh&t; .itj it, dear?" 'questioned "Ildo, .aroused from her plcaeaut trance. " I am euro I see a man yonder lying .on, tho b&Dk;," was tho agitated .response. " Look, llde; be raises bis head and looks at its. Who con ho bo? Wbatuun.ba bo doing Jn Eden Park at this hour?" Ilde'glanocd in tlio direotion indicated, and beheld tho figure ol a inau etretohed in a careless attitude upon the'grouud on the Hpot where eho had firat scon Lord .Tressillian; Ho bad raised bis head, and was supporting it upon his hand, whilo he quietly surveyed tho little party of night riders, MIbs Daro, in a flutter of anxiety, oheoked her horso at once. Hor friond did tho eame, and they waited until tbo old groom, who wao but a fow paces behind, oamo up, and then thoy engaged in a brief consulta tion. "It is important that thtB adventure should romhin unknown," doolarod Ildo, uneasily. "Gut' at the very outset .wo aro threatened with discovery. Ho may have already recognised us,i What oan wo do, J.arrain!" " Let mo go. on ahoad, Miss Daro,'.'. reptfod tho groom, .sturdily. "In my opioibh the man'a a poaoher, and ho won't mention this mooting for bis own soko, . If he ajn't a poaoher, I'U.givo him.o blow and stun, him. like, and I wouldnft givo a;faribing fpr hie moniory after that/' 1 IIooBsaycd to pasahio yoaDgmistresji, but sho detained hjm. ! Sbo bad been watohlng .the indolent intruder, who, at tb'o yry zsfy .mont of Jurmin's threatening, appeared, to start violently, 'and who had now ep'rq.nif' u lightly, and yms. advancing towards (ho littlo party at a swift and easy gait. ' Jiato Atsuaio ufterca a lainv scream, - But Ildo, with blaeUcS'flcUiccly to bo seSn In the starlight, rcoogniscd tho objept of hgtr .recent terror at onoo as tho Viscounties:- eilliap. . jm" V - \- Her .instinct, even moro thanber eyesight,' -assured hor of his identity, and a .dojioipus eenqo of embarrassment oropt ovc.Kor) and sho pulled. at her roins, unoortam wliother to beat a hasty retreat or'to mcct himi A conviction, howover, that ho had already rooogniced her, dooided hor to pureuo. tho latter oourse. A word to Jarmin aausod him to fall baok, but ho stationed himsolf oloso bohind'lier, in a threatening nttiludo, ready to - leap from -hio horso at tho slightest indioation that a .defender was needed. ' Lord TrcssiUian camo up, advanoed to lido's eido,and, with an exprcaeion of as tonishment, cxolaimod : "Is it youj then, Miss Daro? Ithohght at first that I must bo experiencing an optioal illusion, I waa not. certain but that my imagination had conjured up tbo wblbbmo apparition but tho Sight of Mies Ara'dalo and your attondant convinocd mo to tho oon'trary This is a strange hour for a ride." - " It is, indeed," returned Ilde,ondeBvoriog to avoid tbo-kcen, clear glanoo of hor: lover. " It is a etrango hour, also, for a stroll in a neighbor's park, Is it not?" " You oan imsBina why I am horor.IIdo," whispered tho young viscount, leaning -his band upon hor korso's ncok and. drawing nearer to her. ' " Tho saono hallowed by our first meeting is tbo dearest spot in tho world to mo.. This is not tho first timo I havo haunted this placo, living over again oar meetings, and cndcavcring to dcrivo hopo- and comfort for tho fnturo from your re- menibcrcd words. My heart was heavy to night, and I fancied I might, llgbton'it of Its burden here, and plan but a future iii wbioh I should bo moro than a match forTBerweil. But you, ildo," and his voioo trembled with hopefulness, " did you opine hero to dream of me? 01 courso not'/' hd added, hia touo oinking to'ono ol disnppoinlncnt,'cor you would not come attended; Toll mo whore yonarogoing?" Ildo hesitated, and then said, oonfoecdly: " I oannot tell you, Gay." "Not tell me I" ho repeated, In surprise. Theo, with a look of gontlo authority that well beoame bis dark, bright faco, and witb a tender pereuasivencse of manner, bo addod : "Bat you must tell me, my darling I Do you think I oan let you . wander about at midnight, with no proteotor but .your groom?" " You must trust my judgment and scneo, Gay," returned tbomaiden, mooting bis gazo frankly. "I am goiug, with my father's approval, to BcaroU for something, tho pos- sossioo of wbioh ic neocssary to his happi- nets aod hie life. I cannot now toll you moro. But do not detain ub longer. Kvury moroont cpent hero is a lost opportunity. Bomo day you Bhall.know ail." "In your own good time, dear Ildo," responded her lover, witb a look of lovo and faith, "1 shall not eook to Intrude into your confidence ; nor will 1 delay you any longer. 1 will walk besido you to tho lower gate, outeido wbioh I left my horso tied to tho fence." Ho relinquished bis hold upon lido's horse, oxohaogod greetings with Miss Arsdale, appolrigisiug for bis provioua inattention to her, spoke kindly to the old groom, who had recogolicd him with a look of doligbt, and who now retreated, musing upon tho hops ho. had ooco, witb all tho Daio retainers, entertained, tbnt tho families of tho Dares and Treisiliians might be united through tbo youngest scions of tho respcotivo homes, Tho young girl? nnd tho viscount kept up a desultory conversation os tboy proceeded through tho park, discussing tho loveliness or tho night, and various other subjects far removed from tho thoughts agitating each breast. On reaching tbo gato, lido gave tho key to Lord Trcceltlian, who unlocked It, and after tho wbolo party had passed through looked it ogain, putting the key into his own pocket. His bores was standing where he had left him, tied beneath tho shade of a spreading tree, and Impatiently trampling tbo earth. Tho young nobleman went up to him, soothed bim by a word and a toacb, untied bim, leaped upon bis back, and then rods baok to fide. "Mlis Dare," ho said, as sho extended her gauaticted hand in token of farewell, "I beg you will permit me to become your escort. You must bo running many dangers in undertaking an adventuro liko this. You do not know whom yon may mnrt on tho WAy or encounter at your journey's end. There can bo no possible impropriety in my bcoomiog tho fourth of your party aoy moro than if I woro your brother, Bball I not go, Ildo?" Tho maiden boaltated, especially as Kato Aradalo looked at her beseeoblngly, aud Jar- ruin was heard to utter his approval of tho request. "if you refuse mo," continued tho viscouut quietly, 11 1 shall bo compelled io follow your %utepa ata liltlo distance, and alone. I could not eleep 1! I wcro to go homo, awaro of your exposure Is danger, and I shall either go witb you or follow you. Whiob eball it bo!" Ildo etill remained undecided, when, glanciug up tho road in tbo direction of Edoooourt, eho beheld Iloadloy, tho inn- keeper, advancing rapidly, as if desirous of making himself acquainted with tho members of tho little group, Hor decision was mado nt onoo, "Go with us, Lord TrcssiUian," sho said, nillfiklv. And nnniMmniil hum nn nnr way, Como I" Sho sot tho oxamplo by giving tbo rein to her fleet Arabian, and hor - companions followed sail. In a fow moments tbo baffled innkoepor bad beoome lost to viow. Tho little party, avoiding tho village 'of Edenvillo, took a road that skirted' it, and wero Boon fairly on their way to Oak shaw. .For soma time ailenoo pravailed, Tbo maidens folt a-senso of additional eecurity in tho presenoo of Lord Tresalllian, and Kato Arsdalo resumed her rovorle with Inoreascd Batisfaotion, whilo Ildo thought long and earnestly upon the affaire at preecot olaiming her aUontion. Tho young nobleman had no wish to break tho oharmcd silence. It-was ropturd-'io liim to ride besido Ildo, to look upon bcr glorious beauty unoboorveil and unrebnked, to watch tho play of expression upon hor features, nnd to noto tho resolute oucvo of her red, sweet mouth. Ho forgot; in his presont enjoyment, tho difficulties of his own pecuni ary affaire— forgot everything except that ho loved tho daughter ol Sir Allyn Daro, and his rosolution never to relinquish her to an other. They rodo swiftly along, ovor oonntry roads, bordered by hedges, through green country lanes, shadowed by - drooping willows, over rustic etono bridges, and oneo or twlco through small hamlets, from tbo windows of whioh nightoappad boado looked out in wild amazement upon tho flcot night riders, and then rotreated, pale with alarm. Tboy avoided tho towns and villages upon tholr route; keeping to tho retired roads whenever praotloable. . The groom knew the road to Oakebow well, but Lord TrcssiUian proved a still bettor guido, for ho was acquainted with all tho by-Ioncs and paths across tho dosolato commons, by traversing which, sovcral miloe of tho journey woro saved. Ildo bad good reason to oongratulato bersolf that sho had accepted his escort. . t : - Tboy passed lonoly country houeos, wrapped ia gloom/ dwellings in whiob a single light burning dimly, told them of a sick-bed and a pall watoher ; . mansions bril liantly lighted, and giving forth sounds of musio, mirth aud revelry; and at loot a beautifal oottage-ornce, Ub windows all. lighted, appearing from botween a very bower of foliage, - ' Udeloookedat ihe house with intonso in terest, 1 '"That is the hopso whero the late Admiral nuuivi urau, -emu uutu tsHitimu, iuuia- ing her ohango of expression. . It has boon closod for years, but was opened the other day for tbo reosption of Miss Wilmor, who haa uoovorod from her long insanity, as i hoard'tO'doy at Edonville from a native of 'West Hoxtoo, Thero seems to bo somo mystery about Miss Wilmor, ond thero is a report of a secret marriago in order to savo hor property from falling into tho bands of a relative, bat tho name of hor husband is un known." . "I moat call upon hor very bood," eaid Ildo. " Tbo fow milos botwoon her homo and Edoncourt need not bo a burtlor to oociol 'and friendly intercourse. Papa used to exobango visits with Admiral Wilmcr. In deed, wo are really neighbors, Mies Wilmcr ond I, and I hopo wo eball bo friends. Sho sighed faintly as. sbo rcoiomborod wby ohe desired tho friendship of Allan Wilmer— her prinoipal reason boing to dis cover tbo whereabouts of Sbaworose, tbo third witness against her father. But sho had at heart a longing also to oomfort tho maiden whoso llfohodbeon shadowed by sup posed Insanity, and to minister with loving caro to that mind from whioh possibly, tho gloom bad not entirely departed, Sho kept bcr. eyes fixed upon Monrcpos, as if loth to withdraw them, and oven turned her head and regarded It long after sho bad pasocdit. Dutwbon ita lights beoama hidden from bor view by intervening trace, ebo thought of her journey's ond and.devotcd her thoughts to dovlelng her courso whou oho should havo arrived at Oakehaw, The, travellers oklrtcd West Hoxton, and continued their jouraoy, bat no longer in aomplcto eilonce. Encouraged by tho un spoken sympathy o! hor lover, Ildo told him something ol tbo objeot of her jourooy, and requested his asslstaneo in aoarebingforlbo important paper, fiho told him also, of tho conversation ebobad overheard In Edcncouit gardens between Therwoll aud .Hg.adloy, proving that an,&otaftl; canspirscy cxietcd agalnet Sir Allyn, and- confided to bim the assurances of tho mysterious eoamstress oon- osroic# tho mahogany box in. whiob tho paper possibly might bo concealed. " I should liko to know vfho Mrs. Amry Is," sho said, thoughtfully when she had con cluded her recital, "Thero -is a mystery about her which I cannoV fathom. Sho lias known Thorwell, it is evident, but whero and when nnd under what-oiroiimotauocs? And for why docs eho dcuro revenge?" " Perhaps ebo is his wife whom ho has de serted," BUggesfed Lord Treeeillian. " It oannot be, for nhofe older than ho is — much older,. Hcrhujr is g<roy and her face is wrinkled. I am euro sbo cannot bo hia wife. Resides ho in too cautious to tbink of marrying again with ono wifo in exis tence, " Then she may be his mother ?" " Impossible," naid Ildc. "Thoy do not look in tho loast alike. Besides, no mother wuu'd havo pursard hcr son for years with thoughts of revenge. I hBVo canvassed al ready the two possibilities' you . havo' suggested, Gay, and I am oonvinocd that both aro moro than improbable, No, tbcro is some deeper mystery in her hatred than any thing wo oan understand and -surmise. It remains only to wait and see. Perhaps ttoti will solvo it." Bbe patted her horse gently, and bo cpraog away at hor behest, oroblng his nook,, ond: boariughiu lovely rider with proud graco. Kato Aredalc and Lord TroslUinn kept .at her side, but the chief conversation had been broken' and was not renewed. Tho loug nnd rapid ride at length drew near ifsolosc. The walls of the grim and groy> old .mansion, 'flanked hy two Ivy- clod round tower", ftroso bifore tbom, and Lord TrefijIJian declared this mansion to bo that of OalsHhaw. "ikuowil well, ho said, as Rds slackened hor pe.co. " It was ones the residenoo of a friend of my father, r.nd I have oxplorcd nearly over/ nook and corner within Its boundaries. I hope wo shall not find many servants in pnsrowion." llde nnd Kato eohced the hope, and the former scannod tho oastorn horizon with anxious eyes. It was not quite three hours since thoy had qaitted Edencourt. and thcro was as yet no sign ol Sio morning's ! dawn. " Wo havo a couple of boars boforo as, Gay," she said. "During that timo wo oao certainly accomplish oar object. Don't joa think so?" To Lord TrcssiUian, who did not thoroughly comprehend Its necessity, tho ex pedition had something of a quixotlo air, but ho concealed his own convictions, reply ing that if tbey failed it should not bo bo- caused they deserved failure. , ' Tho mansion had now become plainly visible, and tho cntiro party regarded It anxiously. It was as grim and gr«y oo a nearer view ae when seen from a distance, and tbcro wero ttgos of dcoay about tho double portico, and tbo whitewashed walls and tottering cMtnnoys, Outline rides was a plain, (,'psn lr.wn ; on tbufr-urlh an overgrown and iil-kipt BhruLbjry'. Tito dwelling Htood at no great distance from tbo road, tud tbo travellers observed piles of brick and mortar littering the ground, as if repairs wcio in oouteo of execution. Lord Tressilliau dorived an idea from the latter fact at once. With a keen gbuco up nnd down tlfo road, ho ordorod n halt in the shudo of tho shrub bery and said: 1 " There ic a broken place in lbs palings shutting in tbcEO trees, and Jarmin bad better take tho horses in thero and keep guard over thorn, Thoy Can rcet thero, ana faa reailv for our nnn nhnnlri wn remiirn thnm Buddenly. While ho iB thus oooupicd, we will eook an entrance into tho house. Per haps the workmen who havo undertaken tbo ropairs may havo left some availablo spot of IngrcsB;" The girls aoccded to this plan at onoe, and alighttd from their tired steeds, gathering np tho Bkirts ol their habits. Tho viscount oonduetcd tbo groom to tho brokon palings, and himself selected a little dell, surrounded .by tali young trees, as a hiding-placo for tbo horses aud their guardian. " You will be aecure hero, Jarmin," ho sold, 1 from observation of passers-by as well as from that of tho'inmatcs of tho dwelling. Wojt for ua hero,". . Tho(,;<mnn - promiGod obcdienco, and Lord TroaBUliau-, returned to tbo cxpeotant girls.. . ' Thoy wero.pacing up aud down ia tho shado, rcjQtcitig'oWr the deep ehadow. that had (juccouded tbc-bxiUiant ataiUgbtand de claring their belief that it would bocaby to recall the bon&o; uhseon, 'Lord Trcssillian coufirraed khoir- wordB as ho oamo np; and proposed th&tsthoy; should mako . tho attempt at oncc. s-: ' : He led the way, opening -tlio littlolawn gato noucleosly, and tho m&idono; followed bim, their hearts throbbing with excite ment. Tbcro woro a few small trcos here and tbero, and Lord Tressillian flitted :fiom ono to another of theso, tho two girls imitating his movements, and all gradually nearlng the house. Keeping a vigilant watob upon tbo various windows, moving with tho utmost caution, forbearing even to speak to eaeh other, thoy at longth gained tho ehado of tho portico. "So far so good,", said tbo yonng noble, man, calmly/ wiping bis humid. Brows. " Sit down, young ladies, while I go upon an exploring tour. 1 shall cxpeot. to find you hero whon I return." Without waiting for a roply, he glided away in tho dirootion of the mansion, ond the two girls sat down upon a broad stop; and congratulated caoh other in whispers ' that their journey bad been so soon and well per formed. . "I am euro wo shall bo Bnooessful, dear llde," said Kato, pressing the band of her friend. "If we get the paper you want, and you can find that Shawoross and bribe him to not rightly, how happy wo eball be I You will turn Thorwell out of doors, reward Mrs. Amry, and givo a grand ball, and marry Lord Tvaaaillinn. nnd I' shall bo bridesmaid, and yon will be presented at court, and Sir Allj?n will zcoover his health and BpiritBr-V . . .... \- She paneod, as llde raised her pale, ex cited face that seemed to shine without the gloom. . " " . . " Hush, dear 1" said tho baronot's daughter. "I must not think of the futoro now. It would unuczvo mo to contrast to your pioturo of paper tho terrible ro&Uty; if Ishould fail. At' this juacturo Trcssillian, oropt back to thorn, hia dark face lowinf, his manner eager, aud bio breaking hard. " I havo found a placo by whiah wo can ontcr," he exclaimed. " L'rovidflucoiosuroly befvieuding us.". Hoextuudcd a band to oaoli,aad oooduotod them ovor heaps of masonry, around tho corner of tho boas?, and paused boforo a door- way filled up by a rude, temporary door. ' Ho had evidently already tried the strcogth of the latter aud found out its available points ol weakness, for, after a low judicious blows, it yielded to him, and would havo fallen in with a oranh had ho not caught it, Ho assisted tbo young ladies to enter, ond then replaced tho door. 1IU next movement was to light the dark lantern delivered into bichands by tho old groom, nnd t> survey tbo sceno round him. Tho maidena also looked ouriously around tbem, " This part of tbo houio is evidently unin. habited," whispered LordTrcsflilliaD.aB they tiuuhed tholr fruitless investigation, "Wo must csploro tho corridor yonder, opposito to that by which wo entered." They hastened to carry out this suggestion. Tho patsoago olludod proved to bo lined with doorr, wbioh on being opened, revoaled rooms suitable for babitatiour and bearing maikj of occupancy, "Ifycuwjll remain hero a fow minutos, 1 yonng ludfos," said Lord Treeailihm; as thoy looked into a comfortably furnished little, breakfost-rocm, " I will moke a further ex. .ploration, and try to learn bow many ser vants arb employed hers; and where Ther- ; well's rooms are situated. U you would not bo afraid--" A glanoo at Ilde's bravo and earnest coun tenance oheoked him and ho glided at/Ay, lantern In hand, leaving tbo maidens in dark- naso. " I— I bplicvo I am afraid, lido," whispered Kite, clinging to her friend, "I wish Lord Trcflslllian would otny with us. What if some ono fihoald find us hero ?" llde strovo to rtassuro her friend, bnt mora by a silent prcunnro of tho hand than by words Tho deep gloom of tbo room/ the oppressive eolituao of tho place; the possi bility of discovery, ail were not without their effeot upon tho baronct'n daughter ; but sho. was sustained by tho reflection that ebo waa incurring danger for her father's sake, and that eho was trying to earn her own freedom, from bonds mere hateful than death. Ten, fifteen minntcs passed, and then light footstepc were hoard In tbo oorridor. -andtho faint gleams of a light wore porceptible, Kato clung oloaor to lide', who smiled npou her, assuring her that tbo viscount .was re turning Tho next momont LordTresailliap entered. " I have been all over tbo inhabited part oftbohonse," he said but bavo not hadiirao to examine any room thoroughly I havo dis covered that only tw,o servants aro employed hero, and one of them is'a.man Tbby occupy rooms where they cannot fail tohear tho least noise, if they aro easily orousod, no we moot bo vory cautious. I havo also dis covered ThervvoU's rooms. It is thcro wo shell find tbo paper If it bo in the house, Tho floivanta' rooms aro very near his, as if boex- pcotcd them to aot os guard over hia privato possessions." "That seems to indicate that ho hue some thing valuable," said Ildo, hopefully,; as ho led tbo. way to TherweH'e rooms. Tbey passed up. a broad stafrciee, ibto an upper corridor, and thence into a saito of rooms, the windows of which looked oat upen ono of tho towers, Thcso rooms were well furnished, bang with pictures, and oarpcted with soft, thlok fabrics that dead ened the intruder's footfalls. A quantity of eastern pipes on tho table, a cbioa tobacco jar beaide them, a pair of ombroldercd slippcre near tbo window, and a largo dressing gown of tbo gayest colors upoa tho back of a chair, proved that tho first roam of the suito wan the privato opartrasnt of Thrrwcll himself. Tho recond room was a dressing-room, and tbo third was abed-chamber. In one of tbo three, probably, was hidden tbo written evidence by mesas of which Thcr well cooldcruth her father add destroy her happiness. . Thus thinking, Ildo engaged at onco in tho Bcnrsh. Tho curtains wore drawn across tho windows; the wax-eeadlos upon the mantel- pi(co lighted, and tbo thrco eel to work to exf-luro |bo obambers thoroughly. Lord Treuillian devoted himself to tho closets and heavy pieces of furoituro ;. Kate Andala examined tho baeks of pictures carefully ; and llde htoked into ovcry vnso, probed tho obair- cushions and ottomans, and searched par tioularly'for the peculiar box wbioh Mrs. Amry bad described, Ttsoohbeeameovidcnt that- the box wae not in 'tho parlor; ond Lord Tressillian .re marked that U was improbable that Thcr-. well should have carried tho box with him I for years throughout bis various jonrneys; and that, in hia opinion, tha.dooumont was hidden irt.pomo article of furniture. Half an hoar's earnest investigation oon vinoed thorn that the paper oould not bo in tho first room, and thov nracendM to tbo second. Here a desk ottaaotod attention, and Ildo examined it, whilo Kato busied herself with the furniture, and Lord Trcssillian passed into the bedroom, Tho desk wae largo aod fitted dp witb innumerable divisions io eaeh of which wcro packets of papers, letters, etc, Ildo looked over them with a wild hops of finding tho doomnent thrust carelessly. into an envelope or tied in" ono of tho paokots, but her hope was in vain. Bho then looked for letters from her father, wbioh might possibly tend to oriminato bim, but oono wcro there. Bho searobed every nook, eounded the walls of the desk, but all in vain. ' As sho was about to desist and turn hor at tention elsewhere, a packet of letters fell from somo hiddon nook, and alio took them up eagerly, bolicving that , among them was hidden tho written aompaot. They proved, however, to bo simply letters, written in a woman'ubeud. " I'cebvp U.«rj havo something to do with Mrs Amry," mused lido, holding them iu hor hand, " I havo a oonviotion that thoy lomobow havo refcrcnco to mo." Sho untied tbo packet and perused (ho loiters. They woro all brief and signed simply " M. G." Thoy were the farthest possible ro- move from lovo letters, being oouohedin business terms, and alwoys to tho effect that " it " was quito safo, ond -that tho writer do Aired more money. Ono of tbo letters wee signed" Your tiatcr, M, G.," and nearly all weto addressed to " My dear brother." I did- not know Therwoll had a sister," said llde, half aloud " So X havo mado one discovery, even if unimportant. What oan sbo mean by it V Not tho paper, of ooureo —yet why not? If wo do not find it hero 1 shall boliuvo that ho has placed it iu tbo caro of bis aiBtor." Bho replaced tbo letter's os ebo bad found tbom, aud arose woarlly from the desk. Kato was busy with a ohoat of drawers, and Lord Tressilliau was atlU in tho bed-ohambor, engaged in noiseless explorations. With a glanco at hor friond, Ildo went to tbo window and looked out: - Tho east was bathed io a oold, gray light, forexannor of the oomiog day. Thero wero two or three bo&me; of rod at the vory edge of the horizon, heralding .the appronoh of tbo sun, Tho barnyard fowls were crowing their delight at the termination of night, ond the birds were making melody among the trees. '> It is morning, and I bavo not yet sue cocded. said Ildc, almost deBDairinelv. as sho quitted tho window. " Gome hero, dear," cxalaimed Kate, who wafl standing beforo an antique picoo of fur niiura in tho parlor.- " 1 havo explored everything but tble cabinet. Do you think itoantaohcro?" Sho pulled opoa one of the doors with a littlo diffloully, and had hardly dono so whan tho oabinct foil to tho floor with a oraeh. . Alarmed at tho nolso, Lord TrcssiUian hurrioi in from tho bed.ohambcr. " I did not moan to do it," said Kato, looking from Ildc to tho vicoount, dopro- oatingly. "It is not my fault; the oabinct ia bo very old. " No, It is not your fuult, Koto," said Lord Troesiljian, otoppiog tocxamino tbo oabinot. " It had but thrco logs to etand upon, and when you opened tho door you pulled it off its -balanoo. I hopo no ono heard tlio noise." ' 11 The efervants aro probably in their morn ing elambcrs, when thoy aro least likely to wake," said llde. " Is thero anything in the oabinot, Gay ?" " Nothing bat duet," was tho reply. " Tho oabinot must havo botongod to tho former owners of Oakehaw, aod tho oervauts havo put It tbcro, thinking it valuable." " You havo found 'nothing la tbo bcd> room ?" " No, Ildo ; ond Ihavo searched thoroughly I waa about to roturn when I heard tbo oraeh mado by tho falling cabinet. No paper oan possibly bahlddcn in tbore, . You havo had noeuocess!" . " None," was lido's roply. , " Gut I have found a fow letters which may tend to throw somoiight hpon tho objeot of our eonroh." Bho went to tbo dcek and brought ont the loiters that bad attraotod her attention. Lord Tressillian took thorn and rend thorn, and llde, .with one hand on her Iovcr'a'afm, read them anow, and looked up into hia (aoo/ao it expeoting to find: bis opinion written thore,— To be Continued. 718 