CONVICT DAYS {| VAN BIEMAN'S LAND. THUS CHUOIilCI/ES. •-c-4 [ALL KIGiiTS RI.S£UVi:D.] J No. G. THE OBCST OF DEADUAI," S ISLE. b It h&B; been said that British history is enshrined in Westminster Abbey and Saint Pauls. The great men, who Eleep beneath their marble tablets in these venerable structures, are intellectual stepping stones, which lead the student along the road of knowledge. J. burial ground, under any circumstances —whether in the twijig'it glocm of Gothic architecture, or under ine trcpicai sun in i iimitable deserts—mu3t alwsys possess a } history more or less important. i What strange and pathetically trae stories could be written of almost any cemetery, but there are some that stand out, Mont £ lane-like, above the common-place God's Aores in the interest which attacks to them. One of such is Daaaman'a Isle—the cemetery of Port Arthur prison. The small isle is appropriately named, and the beauty of the epot could net foe surpassed anywhere- in tbe world. It floats like an oasis in Port Arthur, a short distance from the shore. All around the giant cliffs seem to guard it, and break the irresistible fury of the frequently storm-tossed Southern Osaaa. Standing on tbe beach of Port Arthur, with the great prison frowning behind him. the spectator cannot hdp contrasting the emerald gem, with its beauty and peace, with the rugged aspect of both nature -end humanity at his back. Since 1S31 Deadman's Isle has been tbe prison burial place, and .many strange chapters could be written, regarding those who hav.s there found their last restingplace on earth. The grave has closed over many a human tiger, and instances are not wanting where innooent men havo met a felon's ignominious end, and been laid ou the islet, it is a convict Westminster Abbey, andthough one has to read a life's history by a'number, and not.by a name, the prison re- cords are ample tofao so. During the latter half of 1834, tlr.a itSana cemetery, then boasting of very few mounds i indeed, wa3 the scene o! a weird event, and I one which for six months fairly puzzled * the convict authorities at Hobart Town and ^ Port Arthur. Under the title cf the Ghost j of Deadman's "Isle, ' this extraordinary i chronicle will be told. i : On the 135h of March; 1810, at the Lsed's ? assizes, a man, who gave hie name as Koberi } Penfold, ana hia age as thirty-fife, wa3 j • ' ... . ... • - - u * charged with inciting a mntmy on the mgh j seas. Ho had bean an able, seamen, and j possessed great infiaenoe over his shipmates. The vessel hs was on board was ostensibly a small merchantman, but in reality it waB chiefly engaged in smuggling spirits, tobaoco and various other articles from Franoe and Hollaed to England. The -captain was a boonceable ruffian, and though he was amassing a fortune by his illicit psaotic£s, : the seamen, who rah most risk, got little for their trouble. Penfold was particularly obnoxious to the skipper, but as he was able to read and write -.(qualifications not tp.be despised in the beginning oi the century), and was EIBS B good seaman, Captain Tfemayne used him in his various transactions; and concealed his dislike. :• Tfaemen were no .lovers of the captain, jand at last they decided to put him ashore oh a return voyage and run away with 'the lugger. Panlold to be "leader. Treachery discovered the plot to Tremayne, and he speedily denounoed Penfold to the authorities. "By"a judicious aystom oi presents to influential people around Hull, the captain had for years succeeded in quietly \- carrying on his smuggling operations, and -this influence stood him m good need When the trial .of Penfold came cff. The wily skipper bad got most ol the crew on hie Bide, ' by insisting that l'enfold alone was re- . sponsible for the intended mutiny, and three of them gave evidence against him. i The result of the trial was that the sailor was sentenced to transportation to Van Dieman's Land "for the term of his natural life." In tbe Beginning. of 1SI1 ho reached Il^sdou (Hobart Town afterwards), and started his • hopeless servitude. For a weary eighteen years he worked in misery at theconvicfc sottlemen-t, but on tbe morning of the 22nd of April, 1829, be was found to be missing. No one had tbe slightest idea of how he escaped, but treaohery' "WBB suspected, as, without help from an ofiioial, it was impossible that the " lifer '' could have got away in so mysterious » manner. The gaol employees were most carefully examined, but no blame could ce brought home to th^m The usual routine of the penal station had been slightly disturbed a week previously, by the arrival : of a convict ship with a large •number of transportees, and this fact must have aided Penfold in his escape. The usual perlunctory search was made for him, bat without eaocees, and as time tolled cn and he did "not return to Hobart' Town, it was ' generally concluded that he had perished in the inhospitable forests, in which he would seek shelter from his pursuers. Some few persons thought that Penfold might have escaped by sea in a friendly whaler, but, dead or alive, he was not again seen et Hobart ' Town, and he was gradually forgotten, and another felon took his number The growing population of free people in Hobart Town suggested the necessity of removing the'convict ..prison, and Governor Arthur, shortly after the escape of Penfold, took steps to do so, selecting Tastnan'a Paninsula as the most suitable place to erect the "new gaol of Port' Arthur. The construction of such a n extensive prison occupied a considerable time, but at the end of 1833 it was ready for occupation, and henceforward was the great convict centre cf Van Dieman's Land. The mortality amongst the prisoners from ordinary sickness was very high, and with the executions and the ordinary death rate of the guards, the cemetery of Deadmaa'a Isle WBB speedily put into UEe. -The islet had been frequently visitsd by -excursionists from Hobart Town and others, -BO that the prison authorities regarded it as a matter ol course that it should not appear .. .as an uninhabited island. Almost daily the prison officials visited tbe place, and the establishment of the gaol on the peninsula had the c-fieot of bringing a greatly increased passenger traffic to Port Arthur. A daily service between it and Hobart Town was instituted, but cow that the lovely ielet had been set apart for burial purposes few persons landed on it, unless they had business to perform. Cemeteries are not the most cheerful placss, and when one gets the reputation of bei:ig haunted, when it is broadly stated that one or more ol the defunct residents in tbe Silent City have taken a notion to "walk," it is still more avoided. • During the month of September, lS31 :such an Awesome reputation was beginning 10 attach itself to DsBdman'e Isle. It was whispered around that a ghost bad been cec-n there, and superstitious people slinok tbeir heads in a knowing manner, as they atked was it any wonder that such a dread spot , should bs haunted. Already thirteen graves were on the isle, of which eleven were those of murderer?, who had been hanged for their crimes, and one of the remaining three was that of the blackest villian who had ever been formed in the shape of man. He waB burglar, murderer and cannibal, but he had escaped the gallows by dyinjr by his own band. It must be this suicide (Engelhardt), whose unquiet spirit wandered occasionally on the mortuary island, so thought many of those who' believed in the supernatural. \- The first rumor that a spirit had its abode ' on the islet, was started by a queer circumstance that happened on the evening of the , vJffl* & flJJWBfl ..ffast .OoipvNl HtCeman, with three privates, went to the cciretery on that date for the purpose ol diggiijgagrave, as an execution was to take place next morning. It was a mere whim oi the party to dig the grave at night. It was a blight siocnlight evening, and the corporal fancied that it wouid be more pleasant to do Iho work under the beamB of the moon than to wait for the rising sun, and he obtained permission to carry out hie wish. The spot where they had to dig the tombof a then living man was on the south-east side of tbe isle, and eloae to the beach. This was the most exposed part, and tbe ucoeasing action cf the ocean had worn the cliffs into strange and fantastic shapes. The four men began their work with many a era el jest regarding it, and the ultimate fate of tiie death-doomed man, for whom it was intended, when Heffernan, who was standing with a shovel in hia hand, pnddenly •altered a etified exclamation of terrified eurprise, as be pointed, with outstretched arms, it; the direction of the rock close to them. HIE companions' gaze followed the direction lie pointed, and there in front of them, standing apparently on the edge of the olifi, v^as thc"clearly outlined figure "of a man, bos Dot Euch a man asjiny the corporal and his comrades knevr. He must surely belong to a prehistoric day. Xo that time when the Bible say 6 there were giants in those days," for ha .appeared to them as the Brgbdignag did to GuJiiver. This most be a human monster they looked on, for it was, at least, thirty feet high, and gigantic in proportion, Heffernan was aa brave as most men—indeed, braver than most, for he was considered the dare-devil of his regiment—but this colossal apparition altogether unnerved him. For the life of him he couid not take his eyes away from the figure, bat as he and tbe soldiers looked it eeemed gradually to become fainter end fainter, and at last it vanished completely, "Merciful God," said the corporal, as he wiped the perspiration frcm his face," that was nothing mortal. I could see the stars shining through its body." " So did I. Hadn't we better get back. I'm not fit to work to-night," answered a eolditr. They were all of the same mind in that respect, for an Irishman is peculiarly susceptible to superstitious fear. He willohatge a battery of artillery, or traverse wild and unknown regions, but ask him to stay a night in a haunted house, and he will refuse in terror. Heffernan end kia comrades, with many a frightened glance backward, soon reaoheif their boat, and were speedily at the gaol yrhere they told of their strange advent Jre. \- T , __ . .. ... Nest mormng. they aceompanied the superintendent to the spot where they had 'eeen the apparition,. but there was not the least sign to show that either a material or on fltkerial body had been there. In fact, if Htfiernab had observed what he stated.it Eusi havebeen a phantom, for no human being could have stood in suoh a place, as it waB E; ffipiy a preoipioe where tff0 cliffs had fesen rem, or worn in twain. The soldiers were badly rallied fay their, comrades on tbeir faculty of second sight, but all the jokes they listened to did not shake their Wikf that a ghost had shown itself to them. Bight days afterwards their sicry reoeived a strong corroboration, which caused the authorities to take steps to elucidate the mystery/ On the 13.th of September, Lieutenant French, with two other sub-officers, went out in a boat from Port Arthur to fish. The afternoon was remarkably fine, and as they met with luck, they did not take notioe of the flight of time. It was after midnight as they rowed into Port. Arthur, and as they flouted under the shadow of Deadman's Isle they decided to " make a night of it," by continuing their piscatory pursuit. They stopped almost under the shadow of the soutb-eaetern cliffs, and continued their fishing. The moon had only risen half-an-hour perviously, but it was already throwing a eoft light- around. The night was unusually calm, and the sea seemed phospheriBed by the myriads of fish which were darting about. Lieutenant French was looking, in a eleepy way, at the shafts of greenish light that the motion of the fish produced, when, happening to raise his eyes to the tinted cliffs, he was startled to see the gigantic figure that had so frightened Corporal Heffernan and his co&panions; eight days before. It vras undoubtedly the form of a man, bnt undeniably not material, for objects ceuld be seen clearly through it The three offiserelooked at it in bewildered wonderment, and each saw it distinctly, so that it could not he the result of disordered imagination. French, though awestruck, was not super stitious, and, whispering to his companions, he seized an cur, and' pulled towards the cliff to obtain a better view. The figure re maitred motionless ae they approached, and the lieutenant was able to eee that a long fsl1 ho i ^ ^ m i ta cto. xte dress, as well J f s he^couldjudge, wasthesanw as that worn by the J 41 * " ordinary "" eectlers, and the ghost did not appear—if these ontward signs might be depended on—to be that of a convict. In fact, the appearance—with long, apparently white, beard, and peculiar-looking clothing—might well have passed as a gigantic Druid priest; and the surrounding caves and chasms and awe-striking preoipices would have been a fitting dwelling-place for exponents of that most cruel and mysterious creed that was once the great national reli gion of the Ancient Britons; and the colossal figure would have been a splendid specimen of one . of their highest high priests in his robes cf office. As the officers looked, with strained eyes, the phantom gradually reoeded, and vanisL.d as it had previously done. "There is some mystery here," spoKfe French, in a low voice. " I don't believe in gboete, yet that figure igast be supernatural. I suppose W3 will be laughed at,' tbe same as Hefiernan and hie fellows have been, when we tell what we have seen, but the three of us could not be mistaken, and I will make a full report of it to the superintendent as soon as we land." l i What can it be?" asked one of his companions, with a slight shiver. " Ever since I came to this cursed land 1 have been seeing and hearing enough to make a man's blood run cold. It's bad enough to be attending hangings and floggings nearly every day, but this supernatural mystery is worse than ten years u! that wore." * ; I think we ought to make for the settlement," replied the third officer. " If ws stay here, we may have a return of our unwelcome visitant." This was readily agreed to, and within halt-an-hourthey were admitted to tbe outer priacn-jarc, where they saw Corporal Hefiernan on cut-y. They acquainted that personage of the incident that had befallen them, and then the soldier broke tbe grave silence with the following sage observation ; " Gentlemen, it's a ghost, sure enough. It's no use saying there ain't no Etch things. I've heard iha Binahee cry myself, and my father (Gcd rest his soul) once saw a gbost in tie churchyard of Malahide. It'll continue to wasder until it's * laid,' or until the secret it possesses is found out by some means." " Laid," echoed French. " How can it be * Ip.id' ?" • " It's enly r. holy man that can do that snruc, sir," cniv.ered tbe corporal, sententiousiy. The probability of finding a "holy man" et Port Arthur was so very remote, that the lieutenant nnd his comradcs, with a slight smile oa their lips at the soldier'e credulity, left him for their quarters, feeling that the shade would probably vanSer for a long time, if Helfernan's panacea was the only one that would qaic-ten the perturbed spirit, and yet the mystery was to he solved in a few days. " Laying the Phantom" will be the title of next week's Convict Chronicles. It wiilcontinue the strsnge mystery cf the " Ghost of Deadman's Isle," and will give some strange and etgrtltog revelations of a onique cbsraoin. • . •. . ' 