A Charge A g a in st a H aronet o f C heating a t Baccarat. T ax Princo of W a t a w-ll ’says toe Star) .osn as the law's delays permit, have j iio to the w itiess-1) x at the Boyal Courts io connection with a case arising ut of a game of becetret, io which he ook part Tbe case datva back to last Peptember, hot baa been carefully hushed up 1 11 (he end of February. Tb© still winch m ist hare been exercised and tho precautions which m >at have b en taken to keep dark ao ittereetiag an affair must have been phenomenal, corslderi&g; tbe ladies in the cate luve aotually held their tuagurs about it all this time. But a t last all clubland has got hold of the story some furm or another. But the leading facts are as follow s:-D uring tbe St. Leger week tbe Prince of Wales was one of tbe house par ty at Doncaster of M r and Mrs Arthur Wilson. They were g-y times, with racing all day and baccarat in tbe fvening—not too heavy play, but with (Takes of from fil to £6 a lime, which, perhaps, was quite high enough even for TEE POCEBT8 OF X FEIKCS after the bookmnkexs had been a t them ill day{ There were about a score at play with tbe Prince, iuoluding % well known batooet, who is au officer of ooecf lie crack regiments, and wbo is a most intimate friend of the Prince’s. According to the opi .ion of many of bis brother officers this baronet is one of tbe finest firidiers in the B ritish army, and he has always enjoyed a reputation for the highest honor—an exolueive among ex> riurives I t should be bomp iq mind, too, that he is not a needy man at alL but the possessor of an income of between £ 1001 and £500) ye irty. Notwithstanding this wealth and this irreproachable integrity nevertheless, on the Monday night of the Doncaster week some of the party, after consulting together, came 1o the conclusion that he was cheating. They believed he was premising what on the Continent is called THE " POtJSBEWX,’' wbioh may be translated as the " push." I t consists in pushing money over the stake line, or drawing money bacs, after the decision of the event • increasing the stake if a winner, ana decreasing it if a lnrer. In the exoitement and bustle of ilio pla» it is gaid to be a somewhat method or swindling to a player with a stroug nerve; but toe fooility with whioh it jnav bo executed is discounted by the familiarity of toe dnrice to those who have any acquaintance with Continental casinos. However, some of the party r»ok<nvd ey had caught this baronet a t it They rguated over this discovery, a< they onsidered It, and they rrsolved them' ives into a committee to watch him ce e following night. There were five oa is committee -tw o ladies and three entlemen, one of whom was a brother fficer in the baronet'e ba taUon. Aj the esult of their privtte-det<ctive»*iui ^nfidential-orauiry sort of operations, ey decided to confront toe accused ith their charges. Accordingly, they eputed TWO WEN OF TEE SIOHEIT SEP0TI, enpral Owen Williams and Lord oventry, to act a* tmabcsniou, and to ommunicate thrir allegations to the aronet W ithout in any wav personally ndorsing the charges, the General and d Coventry discharg’d their unleasant function, and a nice scene folowed. T he baronet repudiated the harges with all tbe indigua'ion and mphasis he could got into Tangusgt fit or the oars of royalty. If there is anyoj&g; the P rise? of Wales dislikes it is candal A t H .R.H.'s intercession, theren *e, an arrangement was com-i to, by ahioh toe world was never to know be had been mixed Up in a baooarat row The baronet, still denying the charge, there and then —it was absut midnight— gave a written undertaking never to plsy cards again, and his accusers signeddoou menu promising on their words of honor never to incutiontbe 'matter again,,. T b • baronet was to remain as'one tuiLe^ous© ? party j but on tbe following day the party was broken up in osnscqv.ence of the death cf the host* s’ sl«tor. HOKTBB WBKr BY, and (hen lb© secret) which overjonr thought had bbeh. carefully strangled snd ‘'Utied* cattle out or itn grave in thi bosofak of tost noble company, and iti ghost began to walk the cluhB with th« rrictoncyof all gh sts Every ni-h' stalked through all the swell haunts, d ai last tbe barruct heard of tho waj whieb it wae revisiting tbe glimpses of the anokiag-rocms. His action sesmi to have betn prompt m d deeisive. It has been stated that be resign'd ton memHership of his clubs, sod left England. Not a t all He went no further out of England than hui* gate Hill. There he scut hU card to M r St- John Wflntoer, the solicitor, and that astute prkCtitionM’ has Bred writs f 6r slander into the domiciles these Sv** am ateur de&rcltvet; who made themselves into a watvh committed. They have le.sired Lewis rmi Lewis and 8ir OharUs Russell for the dtfanoe, while we r. r. O Jit has been briefed for the pisinliff. Mr Gill it to hake & leader, but is to apsis engage In U duel ft outratice with Sir Charles. f<.B ht nbk&wbile; five of the senior officers of toe battalion to which the bArrnet belongs met a t W indsor to cobsidrr tbe m atur, rn-t the baronet went before them. Their decisir n was that he •hou’d send in his papers and retiro on half pay, as, indeed, he voluntarily ifierea to do. T hat resignation mast eoL >e taken as prejudicing his legal case which he intends fi/hting to tbe bitter end. Be resigned because he had committed a ( braaoh of th at part of the military discipline which stipulates that when any accusation of dishonor is made against any offi e r hr m ust a t once report it 1o his superior officers for their cob- ^deration. T hat be did not do. 