AMUSEMENT THEATRE ROYAL. After a capital week's business the " County Fair" was withdrawn last evening, the entire company leaving for Melbourne by Monday's train. To-night Messrs. MacMahon commence a three-nights' season with the champion athlete of the world, Mr. John L. Sullivan, who will appear in conjunction with Mr. Duncan B. Harrison, Mr. Jack Barnett(the famous referee), Mr. Jack Ashton (the cele brated heavyweight), and Mr. Win. Sheldon, all being specially brought from America to enact m Mr. Duncan Harrison's romantic Irish drama "Honest Hearts and Willing Hands." An entirely new company from the Opera House, Melbourne, will arrive by to-day's ex press, and as the season cannot be extended beyond the three nights it will no doubt be a highly successful one. The Coming Opeea Season-. Mr. J. C. Williamson's popular Royal Comic Opera Company will commence a sis weeks' season at the Theatre Royal on Wednesday next. The company appear this evening for the last time in Sydney and leave immediately after the performance by special train for Mel bourne, crossing on their way the London Gaiety Company, who go to occupy their place in the Sydney Theatre. The present company is undoubtedly the strongest that has yet visited Adelaide, numbering between 70 and 80 people. . Since its last visit it has been reor ganised, strengthened, and improved. Many of the old favorites have been retained and com bined with fresh voices and new faces. " The Gondoliers," which will be the first production, will have a special interest for playgoers from the circumstance that it is the final work of the famous collaborateurs W. S. Gilbert and Sir Arthur Sullivan, and is at the same time admittedly one of their best and most finished opera?. It will have the advantage of the earne cast, appointments, and dressing as in the Melbourne and Sydney productions, and will not fail to be appreciated by the Adelaide theatre-going public Satcbday Popular Concert. f Tbefinalconcertof this season's serifisof Satur day night popular concerts is announced for this evening at the Town HalL The management have secured for this concert most of the leading members of the musical profession. The pro gramme, which is of a mostattractive character, includes several concerted numbers, both vocal and instrumental, amongst which will be played as a violoncello solo by Herr G. Voll mar, with pianoforte aad organ accompani ment by Messrs. C. J. Stevens and C. J. Sharp, Brueb's "KolNedrei." This selection is fre quently played in the Jewish synagogues at the Feast ofj the Atonement. Mr. C. J. Stevens, Herren H. Heinicke, and G. Vollmar will play three movements from Mendelssohn. Trio in D minor; Misses Lucy Stevenson, O'Sullivan, Messrs. M. Marcus, C. P. James, H. G. Nash, and H. R, Holder will sing Donnizetti's grand sestette from Lucia, ai Lammermoor; and Herr H. Heinicke will play as a violin solo one ot Vieuxtemps' most dim cult solos, viz., his " Ballade et Polonaise", a piece frequently played by the composer himself before his death. Mr. C. P. James, the well-known tenor, formerly of Adelaide, but now of Broken Hill, will make his first appearance at these concerts and sing two popular songs, M'"*"" Lucy Stevenson, O'Sullivan, Messrs. M. Marcus, T. L. Middle ton, H. G. Nash, and H. R. Holder filling the remaining vocal numbers. With such a com bination of talent and tbe fact of this being positively the last concert for the year a crowded house may be expected. Orcak Practice for Stcdexts. Mr. J. H. Fray, of Bundle-street, who was a pupil of Dr. Bridge, of Westminster Abbey, and is a certificated member of the Organists' Society, London, has recognised the want in Adelaide of an instrument for students' prac tice, and has just completed the erection of a new organ on his own premises to be devoted to this object. We inspected the instrument on Friday and found it of good tone sod full power, the swell organ having violin diapason 8 ft, stop diapason S ft, flute 4 ft., piccolo 2 ft., oboe 8 ft.; great organ—Open diapason 8 ft., dulciana S ft, stop diapason 8 ft, prin cipal 4 ft, fifteenth 2 ft; pedal organ- Bourdon 16 ft; couplers and accessories— Swell to pedal, great to pedal, swell to great, sub-octave, super-octave, tremulant. There are 578 pipes in the instrument, the key-. board has 56 notes in the manuals from CC to G in alt., and the pedals SO notes from CCC to F. The organ is blown by a " Pioneer" patent hydraulic engine, and constructed in con formity with College of Organist "Resolu tions, and the instrument should be found a boon to students and teachers in the pro fession. The Champion Billiard Matches. On Thursday afternoon the eeries of champion matches was continued at Garner's Room?, when Roberts played Evans, and most interesting play was witnessed by a fairly large attendance, including a number of ladies, who watched the players most closely. Mr. Evans appeared to gain somewhat at the com mencement, as when he was 29. with the champion about the same number, he carried his total to 94. Mr. Roberts reached first 57 and then 70, when Evans made a break of 35, which brought him to 147. The champion, however, soon afterwards came with the tremendous break of 403, making him altogether 571. After a little slow play on both sides the champion gained again, and when play was stopped for the afternoon he had an unfinished break of 321, while his total was 1,001 against Mr. Evans's L,32L In die evening there was the largest attendance of the season, and Mr. Roberts resumed the cue, finishing his break at 371, and then at intervals putting together 45, 91, 114, 81, 117, C 5, 56, and some smaller totals. Mr. Evans made 28, 41, 51, 37, 44, 61, Mid smaller breaks, his total being at the finish 1.756 to the champion's 2,000. The players then favored the audience with three games of pyramids, of which the champion gained two and Evans one game. To-day is an extra day and the last of the season, when Eons will meet Roberts at 1,000 up and pyramids in the afternoon, and in the evening Albers will meet Roberta in a game of 1,000 up, and the cham pion will give a display of fancy billiards. Messrs. W. Foulkes and E. Bradley have ably officiated throughout the series as marker and chtcker respectively. St. Bartholomew's Day Sohool. On Friday evening a musical and literary entertainment organised by Professor Heber lft, singing master of the St Bartholomew's Day School, was given in St. Bartholomew's Hall, when Mr. J. s>. Sanders presided over a good attendance. A lengthy programme of vocal and instrumental music and recitations was successfully rendered by Professor Heber let, Misses Pether, Ewers, Finlayson, Davis, Bowden, Keyser, Roberts, and Tait, and Messrs. Waite, Glover, and Buttery. Cvclorama. The Cyclorama continues to attract large audiences, and since its opening nearly 80,000 persons have visited it The lighting is per fect, while Mr. Lockley is an admirable lec turer, and manages to work in many musical and other effects which increase the interest Musical Ghost Illusion. During the week Mr. Bousmard has secured good audiences in Hindley street. To- night completes his eighth week, after which the exhibition will only be open for another sis dajt. 