Theatrical Topics. " Il'RNavorTooLntoto Mend " iagoingei well at tho Drury Lano Theatre, London, thus it but been decided to keep it in the programme, aud " Formosa" will, therefore, not bo bcsu just yet. It is rumoured that Mrs Bsrnsr.1 IJtoro has manngorial Intention, aud will probably ho tho next lesson oi thu Avenue Theatre, L inden in oonneotion with which Miss Foci: cue's n unc is also uientionjd. Mr. Willard, who will shortly I13 in England again, is as groat a success in Ch'uugo a lie was inNow York. Tho dramatic critic of Ilia: oity are unanimous iu thuir prai-n of his work, and speak specially of his splendid pcciocmauoo in "John Needhatn'a Double." Mr. Toole has ohaugud his programmo, but has nothing netver to offer liie petrous than " Paul Try," an amusing but, to say the loast, threadbare faroe. Of those well-worn pieces Mr. Toolo novor seems to ttce hioitelf, and he Is just as fuuny and just its fre.-h as ever as tho inquisitive hero. "Thu Bicthp'acu of 1 Vi gors,1' anothor old favourite, in being played in conjunction with "Paul Pry"; bu: it is not to be expected that tho pnhliu will bo content for very long with a programme that must now be familiar to all playgoers. Thus docs familiarity breed oontompt. Tho chief dramatic ovout of the week has (according to tho Queen oi May 23) bnoa tlio revival of tho "Oarsman Brothers" and "JNxnco uidlteia at thu Lyceum. Oomedy and tragedy are thus ngroeably blooded ia M-. Irving's present programme, whioh will doubt less be thought ouo oi tho most attraotiro that lias for some tin-o been set forth here. It is just n deoudo siuco Mr. Irving was seen iu Bcucioiult's weirdly fasoiuatiug dratna, but though ghosts are out of ditto, and wo have been taught by modern drain- uiste to despise the supernatural and impossible 011 tho stage, "Tito Corsica!! Brothers" still remains ns im pressive and as picturesque as cvor, ami as powerful as over to hold the attention of a representative audience. The last of tho Ib-cn experinvmts his now been intule, it U to be hoped. Thus the Qi-.m of May 23: A more il to uy na.t .1 qiro.-siug perlormsuea thau the ' Lady troia the tf vt," which, during the week has born played wuh Hitorncou at Terry's by ttu adveurarous h tud of tin " lliasterV admirers, it would 01 iaijns- eiblo to imagine. Vorboso aud c3u1mor.pt too, not to say ridiculous, dialogue, uninteresting characters aud it plot that drag.) its sati- length to it conventional aud molo iramatlo oloot ere the main churacteri9tics or 1 lien's iitfs'ical drama, of which tho bast that em lit said is that it is wholly free from the nnpl;asinfu?.ss and morbidness of tlio author's other plays that hive beon tried upon patient London stidi-iuc.H. Miss Rose Heller bravely struggled with thj unsympathetic Kili.io, but though her one -p. tion was praise worthy and interesting, she was unable to convince t'- o audience tint this uu- corufortiib'o Norwtg: it: lady is anything stye uu unhappy lunatic. Apropos of tii 1 u'.i cnipt to popularise the plays cf Ibsen, take tho fnl'myhg: " H-'.s Henrik Ibsen in ' Helitt Gablcr' liascribit Real Won«?nP" is tin titlo of it biukict writton by a Norwegi.su lady. .She is decid'.dly ot opinion that Ibsen, 119 Un ab'o hira- uf states, takes his femalo porsous from real iii ;; but she dors cot altogether succeed iu proving her opinion. Iu support of lier views chjqu;ti3 the statements of the two girted Hr rre-es who, in Copenhagen and Christiana, have rjp:c«>m:ed Hodda Gubler, and who both do dure that at firat Eight the part soemod to thorn unreal uud not truly human ; but both have chaugad their minds ou closer study. That three itctrossoj, however, may have endowed the figure of Hadda Gubler with trait and qualities which sho does not in reality posevs, u.aa hardly be disputed ; nnd although Ibsen, no doubt, has hud some real woman in his mind's eye when ho wroto " Heidi Gubler," she may have been, or rather she hai, no doubt, been mire or 1cb0 transformed or idouliscd in this wondorfnl man's handling of her. Mr. Angufltus Harris having determined to mark the year of the papular Naval Exhibition with a gennlne naval drama, to be brought oat at Drury Lane very early in tin autumn eesEon, it is to bo hoped (remtrks the Loudon Daily Xt'ewi) that Mr. Pettitt, who ia to write the play, will bsar in mind that naval condi tions have greatly changed sinea the glorioui days of the lata Mr. T. P. Cooke. Th:ro is no doubt some excuse for that reluotanae to "suffer a soa-ohango " whioh has been exhi bited by playwrights siuoe Douglas Jerrold set forth the trial and trcables ol Blaok Eyed Susan and her faithful William. Tbe old life in the sailing rhips, and OTen in the sctows of 40 yeard since, wes certainly more picturesque than that of the turret ships and armour-plated v -aseis 0 those days; but this is a time when the pluygiing publio nre thirsting for actuality, and thoro seems no reason why Mr. Pottitt all lull not do his beet to show ua tho Jack Tar's surroundings of the present day. It il a remarkable fact that when tho T. P. Ouoko prize for a nautical drama was offered some years ago the eucooiaf iff competitor actually went buck beyond pigtail and slops period, and gavo ue seamen in petti coats, after tho Elizabethan faihiou. "Carmen Sylvia's" (tho Quoon ofEouounia) new play, "Master Mauole," hue been pro duced in Vienna r.t tho Imperial Opera House, by artiste of tho Hofbnrg Theatre. The pro ceeds are to be devoted to charitable purposns. The drama was read by the Quean horaeif, when paasing through Vienna last year, to a select audience of invited guiels. ijiacc that time it has undergone considerable ohangea. It is _ said to be a strange, powerful, and highly interesting piece, founded on an old Roumanian legend, which is the subject of a fine poem by Roumania's greatest poet, thoiatoM. Alexandri. It refers to tho origin cf tbe Monaster!, Cnrtea de Argesh, in Wal- lochia. Tho principal roIo3 were payed by threo of tho firat dramatic artist oi the Germ in stags, Herr Sonnenthel appearing ae Mmile, Fran Hohenfcls as Gianotta, and'Frau Walter as the Princess. Tho costumes waro most original, aud the pieeo was mounted with .ill tho care usual in tho Burg Theatre. The repre sentation was a great aucceai, and tho en thusiasm of tho andlonoo increased from act to aot, tho third and fourth being most applauded. Tho Emperor Francis Joseph and his daughter, the Archdnoboss Marie Valerio, who occupied the imperial box, did not retire until tho cartain fell, and applauded heartily. To speak by the oird (says the D ii.'y A run, of May 25), tho number of characters in that remarkable Irving supplement which accompanies " Black and tVhito" tiffs weak is 37 ; but Mr. Fred. Barnard, whose sketches _ have _ all been made from actual sittings in oastamo, givas here and there two sketches from the same impersonation whioh adds somewhat to tho total. This really wonderful gallery of stage portraits embraces the last 25 yeara of Mr. Irving's oareor. The parts are Duboso and Losurquos in "Tho Lyons Mail," Robert Maoaire, Philip of Spain in Lord Tennyson's "Queen Mary." SirKd ward Mortimer in "The Iron Ohost," Othollo, Ingo, Louis XI., Bill Sikos, Romeo, Benedick, Macbeth, Richard III., Oouat Tristun in " Iolanthe," Jeremy Diddlcr in " Raising tho Wind," Mr. Ohoveoix in "Undo Diok's Darling," Philip in Mr. Aide's drama of that namo, Fabien dei Fronchi in " Tho Corsioan Brothers," Clando Mclnotto in "Tho Lady of Lyons," Rswdon Scadamoro in " Hunted Down," Riobelieu, Robert Landry in " The Doad Heart," Edgar Havanswood, Alfred Jingle, Malvolio, Hamlet, Vanderdeckon, Shy- loek, Matbias in "The Bells," Werner, tho Vicar of Wakefield, Mophistonholea, Digby Grant in "Two Roses," Synorix in Lord Ten nyson's play "The Cup," Dorloonrt in "Tho Belle's Btratagem," Engsno Aram, and Charles I. Two ov x Kind.— "Had you a million dollars, I would," said lovely O.nrlo ; I " No doubt," ho 8lgho.i, ' hut if I had, I wouldn't have to man y." The gnano from fowls, if kept dry and mixed with four times lta hulk of dry duBt, is of groat value for gardens. It is too strong to bs applied pure to any bed in whioh plants airs to be grown soon. " Tour ladyship made quite a conquest to day," said the kitohen-maid. ' " Did I ? Aud with whom?" asked her mistress graolouely. " With my sweetheart. Ho saw you going out, and Z tell you, a lady as suits him must be a lady, ' 