TKREE BIRDS ON A STILE. A COMPLETE STORY. By B. L. FARJEON. A learned bishop has declared that the night before men and women are married should be spent in solitude, and devoted to prayer, repentance, and meditation ; but a bishop may be veiy learned and yet deficient' in common sense. Miss Ade laide Dorr, who was to be married to-morrow to Mr. Arthur Gooch, had several sisters, two brothers,, and the usual number of parents. With all- these around her, popping in and out, asking questions, making remarks, laughing, crying, teasing, and kissing, and trying on things, you may imagine the state she was in. Arthur had put in an appearance, but' he had gone away early, he had 'so much to do to com plete his arrangements for to-morrow. There was, of course, a tender leave-taking: in' the passage, from which Adelaide came in rather quieter than usual, but she was not allowed to be quiet long. The entire house was in a flutter of excitement, and had the charming girl ex pressed a desire for solitude for the purpose of following the learned bishop's advice |it would instantly have been feared that the prospect of approaching bliss had turned her head. She had no -vrioh for solitude, and as to her having anything to repent, the idea was monstrous and absurd. There is little doubt that before she fell asleep on this importi-nt night inher-young life she would breathe a prayer, but it would not be exactly such a prayer as the bishop had in view. And it is true she thought a great deal of Arthur ; indeed, she thought of httle else — a statement, perhaps, which my female readers will dispute when they take into CDnsideration the wedding dress and the trousseau. All I can advance in proof of my assertion is that Adelaide was very much in love, and. that there are circumstances — rare, I grant — in which dress does not occupy the first place in a woman's mind. Neither did Arthur Gboeh, who was as much in love as Adelaide, spend the last night of his bachelor existence in solitude and re pentance. When he left Adelaide he jumped into a hansom and was driven to his chambers, where he expected to find a letter of pressing importance. He was not a man of fortune ; he had good prospects, which were almost certain of realisation, and he had a little investment or two which paid him fair interest, and which could not without loss be turned immediately into cash. Now the expenses of the coming wedding and the furnishing and decoration of a houselie had taken on lease had made more serious inroads on his bank balance than he expected. Calculating the expenses of the honeymoon trip_on the Continent he found that he would run short of money, and in this dilemma he applied to a friend, Jack Stevens by name, for a loan of seventy-five pounds, which, with seventy-five of his own which he had by him, would carry him and his pretty bride com fortably through. It was Jack Stevens's answer to his letter asking for the loan that he was expecting as he rode to Ids chambers with the image of Adelaide in his mind. What a dear girl she was. Was there ever such another ? Was he not the happiest man in the world? And so on, and so on. Who is not familiar with a true lover's rhapsodies? Arthur was the sort of man who would have rivalled Orlando had the positions been similar. He would have carved Adelaide's name on every tree. Running up to his rooms, which were at the top of the house, he found half a dozen letters in his letter-box, and among them one from h''s friend. It may be mentioned that Jack Stevens would have been his best man had it not been that his presence was imperatively demanded in another part of the country on the day of the wedding. It was provoking, but it could not be helped. 'Dear Arthur,'said Jack Stevens in his letter, 'certainly you can have the money, and more if you want it. As time is so short I do not care risking it through the post and a crossed cheque might not suit you. I have to catch an early train in the morning for Manchester, as you know, but I shall be at Lady Weston White's ' at home' between eleven and twelve o'clock to-night. I saw a card for the crush stuck in your looking glass. Look me up there and I will hand you the notes. I am awfully sorry to give you the trouble; but I can't come to you, and I am anxious to be certain that you are properly furnished before you and your bride stand for Paradise. Always yours, dear boy, Jack.* Lady Weston White was not one of Arthur's intimate friends, but he was on her list, and he generally received cards from her three or four times in the course of the year. He had not intended to go to her house in Grosvenor street on this occasion, but Jack's letter settled it and he got out his swallow-taiL The money he must have, and there was no other way of getting it. There were letters to write and a lot of things to be attended to which he caleu* lated would keep him up till one o'clock in the morning. Well, he would have to stop another hour or so, tBat was all. At half-past, eleven he was in Grosvenor-street en gulphed in one of those London crowds of ladies and gentlemen which contribute to the success of a London season. The beautiful house was literally packed; to ascend a staircase was a work of several minutes, and to find his friend Jaek in such a vast assemblage was a matter of con siderable difficulty. It was a notable gather ing; the elite of society were present, dis tinguished men and fair women, and Arthur, as he squeezed his way along, thought he had never seen so wonderful a profusion of diamonds and lovely dresses. The ladies seemed to vie with each other in the display of jewels. They glittered in the hair, round the necks, in the ears, on the arms and bosoms, on shoes and fans and ravishing gowns; and Arthur observed that a new fashion was coming into vogue, diamond buttons on ladies' gloves. ' If any of the light-fingered fraternity were here,' thought Arthur, ' they could gather a fine harvest.' And said aloud, 'Allow- me.' A lady had dropped her fan, and Arthur managed to rescue it from the crush of feet. It sparkled with diamonds. At lengdr Arthur reached the hostess, who held out two fingers to him. Lady Weston White was a woman of great penetration, and, as became a society leader, ot perfect self-possessioni She never forgot a - face or a circumstance, and, busy- as she was' at present in the f performance of ' her arduous duties, she remembered that Arthur Gooch was to be married within a few hours ; she renumbered, also, that to her R.S.V.P. she litd received a line from him regretting he ??oulcl not accept her kind invitation. She said nothing, however, but gave him rather a ques tioning look as he passed on to allow olher giK-sts behind him to pay their respects to their f lue-Ui-s. The lixik puzzled him somewhat; id ?-t- «.-im-d to ask, ' What brings you here ?' He had quite forgotten that he had declined her invitation. At length, after much polite squ- .-ezing and hustling, after dropping his haiHlic^rchiuf and picking it up again, to the .-y..ii«y:iiic:e of some neighbors, who had become fixtures aud could scarcely move for the crush, he saw Jaek Stevens in the distance. They wore both tall men, and communication b^ing established between them they mad-- simul taneous efforts to get to each other. This ac complished, Arthur hooked Jack's arm and ' Let us get out of this as quick as we can.' It happened that Lady Weston White was close enough to hear the words, of which fact; Arthur was oblivious, but as they moved on he turned in her direction and caught another Grange look from her. 'What on earth does .-?he look at me in that manner for?' he thov.ght. ' One might suppose I came without! an invitation/' He and Jack got their hats r.iifl cc.at?, and going from the house stopped at the corner of .1 street a. few yards off. 'I haven't a moment to spare, Arthur,' pawl Jack, ' nor have you, I .should imagine. I had almost given you up : it is a m-rey v.-e meti each other in that crowd.' He took out his yor-ket-boolc. ' I would walk Iiomu with you, old fellow, if I had time ; you mu-;t take the v.iU for the de- _-d.:' ' All right, old man,' said Arthur ; ' ifc wag very good of you to take all this trouble for me. I don't know how it was I miscalculated my finances so stupidly.' 'Oh, these accidents hax^pen to all of us.^ Feel nervous about to-morrow?' ' It -makes me rather serious, you know.' ' Of course. Wish I coald be there. Now; no nonsense, Arthur. Will seventy-five be-' enough? Isn't it cutting it rather close? ?? Don't spoil the honeymoon for a ha'porth of tar. You can have a couple of hundred if you like. I've got it by me.' 'Well, make it a hundrd,' said Arthur. 'It will be safer perhaps. Adelaide mighfj- take a fancy to a new bonnet/' 'Or to some chocolate creams, or to tha moon and stars,' said Jack,, with agood* humored smile, 'and you'd get them for her, Say a hundred and fifty.' ' All right. A hundred and fifty.' ' Jack Stevens, shaded by his friend's tall form — for several persons passed them as they were talking— counted out 30 £5 Bank of England notes and supped them into Arthur's hand. 'Thank you, Jack 1' 'Not necessary. Good night, old fellow^ and good luck to you. Kiss the pretty bride for me and give her my love.' ' I will, old man.' A few minutes afterwards Arthur Gooeh wa3 in his chambers 'clearing up,' as he called ife« He wanted to leave things as orderly as ha could, and in the accomplishment of this laudv able design there was a- great deal to do. All the time lie was writing and tearing up papers and burning them, and packing bags and port manteaus, he was thinking of Adelaide-. 'Dear little woman'! I wonder if she' is' asleep. She hasn't left things to the last as I have done. Altogether too tidy for that; While I am fussing about in this, musty room — what a cosy nest we shall' come home to after the honeymoon— there sfaa lies, with a smile on her pretty, mouth, dream* ingof me. Your health, my darling.' Me had opened' a bottle of champagne, of which he had already drunk a glass; and now he poured out' another, and as- he held it xip ta the light he saw Adelaide bright eyes amid' a the sparkling bubbles. 'Your health, my darling, and God bless you.'' He drained the glass and set it down. It was really a love match, of which tfaera' are more in this prosaic world than'cynics will admit. These young people were ail the world'' to each other, and if anything had occurred' to prevent the wedding coming off their hearts would have been broken. Arthur set the glass upon' the table with a tender light in his eyes, and as he did so ha heard a ring a.t the street door below. As has been stated his chambers, were at the top of ths house, but everything, was very quiet, andihaft is why he heard the bell so plainly. The win dow of the room in which he was working, looked out upon the street. He took no notioa of the ringing and proceeded dreamily with his packing. The wine he had drunk intensi fied his [sentimental mood, and he paused many times to gaze upon the portrait o£ his darling-, which stood in the centre of. ths mantelpiece. It was a speaking likeness of. the beautiful face; the eyes seemed to look at him with, looks- of love; the lovely lips seemed to say, ' Tlbve you, I love you.' And Arthur pressed his lips to the sweet face and murmured in response, 'I love you,' I love you. With all my heart and soul I love you, and will be true to you.' Suddenly it occurred to him that the street door bell continued to ring. The sound jarred upon his ears. Throwing up his window he leaned forward, and at the top of his voice en quired who it was that continued to ring so pertinaciously. 'I have come to see Mr. Arthur Gooch,' was the answer. ' To see me?' he cried in wonder. ' Yes, if you are Mr. Gooch.' 'What for r ' On most particular business.' Wondering more and more, the young man ran down the stairsand opened the street door. In the dim light he saw the figure of a gentle-* man with whose face he was not familiar. ~' What do you want with me ?' he asked. ' It will be best for us to speak privately,' replied the stranger. 'It- is a most delicate matter.' 'A most delicate matter!' stammered - Arthur. 'A most delicate matter,' repeated tha stranger in a grave tone. : The young man did not reflect upon the imV prudence of asking a stranger up to his rooms at such an hour of the mghtt With the ex* eeption of the housekeeper, who occupied tha basement and who had been heard to declare that nothing less than an earthquake would wake her onoe she was asleep, Arthur Gooch was the only night resident in the house. All the chambers with the exception of his wera let as offices and were tenanted only during: the day. It is scarcely probable, however, i£ Arthur had given the matter a thought thaft he would have acted differently. Here was- a stranger paying him a visit at an untimely hour it was true, but upon a delicate matter, which had best be disclosed in private. Arthuu was a man of muscle and stood six feet- and - half an inch in his stocking feet. The man who had intruded himself upon him was about five feet eight, a weed of a man in comparison with him. There was, moreover, no lack of physical courage in Arthur — a quality, it maybe remarked, verji different indeed from moral courage, in which respect a pigmy may be superior to a giant. 'Come up,' said Arthur, and the two men ascended the stairs. 'Now,' he said when they were together in his room with the dootf closed, ' you see that I ani very busy. Explain your errand as briefly as possible. What is this delicate matter you speak of ? I have noft the pleasure of your acquaintance. Oh,' he- said, looking at a card presented by his visitor/ ' Mr. P. Foreman. Your name is as strange ta me as your face. Who are you 1 What ara you?' 'I am a private detective,' said Mr. P. Foreman. 'A private detective!' cried Arthur, witfc an ominous frown. 'And What business can you have with me at this hour of night? I've, a mind to pitch you ont of window. ' Don't try it,' said Mr. P. Foreman. 'I should be bound to resist, and my shouts would be certain to bring someone to my assistance. As to my business, it is, as I have informed you, of a delicate nature.' 'Speak in plain English if you have any regard for yourself.' 'It is a very simple affair,' said Mr. P. Foreman, 'and it rests with you whether I shall take my leave of you with an apology on adopt' other measures; You were at Lady/ Weston White's 'at home1 a couple of hours ago.' ' I was. What of it?' 'I am employed by her ladyships ' pro ceeded Mr. P. Foreman. 'She has givea other 'at homes' this'season.' JL'She has, and I have been present afi them.' 'So I understand. Very serious things have occurred at those parties of her lady ship's at which you were present. Some of her guests have made complaints to her, and ifj is only at great expense and trouble that these complaints, and their very serious nature, have been kept out of the society papers.' ' What has all this rhodomontade to do witli' me?' demanded Arthur impatiently. 'I am about to tell you: Valuable diamoncJsr have been lost at her ladyship's 'at homes,' and' have not been recovered. Her ladyship is naturally anxious- to put a stop to this, and to. bring the ? ' (Mr. P. Foreman hesitated and chose another word than the one he in* tended to use) — ' the offenders to justice.' ' Quite proper,' said Arthur. ' Go on, and cut it short.' 'The display to-night was brilliant, and knowing that it would be so her ladyship em ployed me^and one or two others to keep watch upon suspicious persons. As you see'— he un buttoned his light overcoat— ?' I am in evening dress. I was supposed to be present as a guest, but I was really there in my professiqnalca pacity keeping my eyes open. Had it been regular ' pickpockets whom her ladyship sus'? pected iWmld have found it an easy job, as I ltnow most- of them, but it was not. She su&i; pected certain gentlemen upon her list, to whom she was in the habit of sending cards.5? , Mr. P. Foreman spoke in a' significant tone' and there was no mistaking his meamngf Arthur laughed, 1 28 ' » ? 'Does her ladyship do me the honor to Suspect me?' *'I am not at liberty to say; my orders are . to speak not one word that might compromise '; her ladyship-7' _ _ I 'A very prudent instruction. Well?'1 i ? 'Certain articles of jewellery have been losfi to-night in her ladyship's house. A crescent diamond brooch, another with the device of three birds on a stile, and a piu of brilliants ?with a pearl hi the centre. There niay be other articles missing, but we have not heard of them. Of the three ornaments I have men- ; tioned the one most easily traced is the three Irirds on a-stile brooch. The birds are perched upon a stile of gold ; one is set with sapphires, one with brilliants, and one with rubies. I re- i marked to her ladyship that it was a pretty device. She is quite determined to mate the mattei- public and to bring the — the offenders to justice without an hour's delay if we are fortunate enough to track them down.' ; | 'I i-.»fer,' said Arthur, glaring at his visitor, ' from the very guarded answer you gave to a question 1 put to you that her ladyship really dees .'j^pect me. I am greatly obliged to her iadvsl- ip r) He recalled the strange looks irhfeh liady Weston White had given him and believed that he could now interpret them. He strode to the door and threw it open. 'If I you have any regard for your bones you will ! now take your departure. I give you just one ! minute.1' j ' If you send me away unsatisfied, said Mr. j P. Foreman composedly, ' I shall, in accord- j ance with instructions received, have you j arrested the first thing in the morning, and ; brought before a magistrate on a distinct charge.' Arthur's heart seemed suddenly to cease beating. There was no mistaking that the man was in deadly earnest and would carry out his threat. What ! To be arrested ou the verv morning of Ms wedding ! True, the charge was false and monstrous, but it would take time to prove it so. and meanwhile — Yes, meanwhile there was Adelaide in her bridal dress waiting for her bridegroom. In dignant as he was he could not but inwardly acknowledge that his best course would be to Lush up the affair if possible— not for his own sake, but for Adelaide's. The shock- to her feelings would be too great; she might never recover from it, and the happiness of her life might be for ever destroyed. Mr. P. Fore man, standing rather timidly near the open door, kept his eyes fixed upon Arthur's face. He shrank back as Arthur approached him. 'I am not going to hurt you,' said the voung man. 'Come in and shut the door.':i Mr. P. Foreman obeyed. 'You Eaid at the commencement of this interview that it rested with me whether you would take leave of me with an apology or adopt other measures. By other measures you meant my arrest.' Mr. P. Foreman nodded. 'But how do you propose to arrive at the apology ?' ' It is entirely in your hands,' replied Mr. P. Foreman. 'You have only to prove your innocence and I apologise. Her ladyship trusts everything to me and 'will be guided entirely by the report I present to her.' 'I have only to prove my innocence,' ex claimed Arthur. ' But how can that be done if you will not take my word for it ? I swear toyou that I am innocent and I declare this to be a foul and monstrous charge, for which, if I am put to any ineonveniene or annoyance, I irill make her 'ladyship and all concerned in it suffer. Kow are you satisfied V 'That is not what I meant,' said Mr. P. Foreman quietly. 'What I require is -proof of your innoeenee. I cannot take your word. Any other gentle ,_ man would say as much.' ~ Arthur could not help admitting that this ivas tiue. ' Again I ask you,' he cried, ' how can I prove my innocence except by ury word 1 'It is very easily done. You have not changed your clothes. You have on yourdress trousers and waistcoat, your dress coat hangs upon the back of that chair. If none of the missing articles are in the pockets I will offer you the completest apology in my power, and shall sincrely regret that I have caused you sa much uneasiness.' Mr. P. Foreman was a private detective, but be certainly spoke like a gentleman. Through out the interview he had conducted himself ?with moderation ; there was even a sadness in his manner which, now -that so reasonable a courts was suggested, impressed itself upon Arthur. ' I am quite willing,' he said, ' to do wliat you ask, though I dispute your right, mind.' ' I understand that,' said Mr. P. Foreman. ' It is only,' continued Arthur, ' because I am to be mavried in the morning, and wish to spare a young lady's feelings, that I submit.' There was a deeper sadness in Mr. P. Fore man's voice as he observed, 'To be married in the uioruii-'g. I must be mistaken.' He took s. stop towards the door. ' No. you don't go now,'' exclaimed Arthur. 'I hn'hi Uj.on your stopping and being coni plc-tt:y tatisiied. There's iny coat. Search the itokets,' Eut Mr. P. Foreman would uot touch the garment. 'If you insist,' he said, 'you must go through the formality your self. I should be ashamed to have a hand in it.' 'You are a good fellow, after all,' said Arthur, with a great sigh of relief. ' Will you ' ' have a glass of champagne ?' 'Thank you,' said Mr. P. Foreman. Arthur filled two glasses. ' Youv health.' ha said. 'Your health,1' said Mr. P. Foreman. *' Allow me to wish you joy and happiness.' ' Now you shall see,' said Arthur, in a gay tone. 'Come a little nearer; I might be a master of legcdeniain. A melancholy smile crossed Mr. P. Fore mac's mouth, and he stood, apparently uucor. eerEed, while Arthur turned out the pockets of hi? waistcoat and trousers. 'Nothing there,' he said. 'Nothing there.'3 said Mr. P. Foreniau, and again moved towards the door. ' Stop a moment,' said Arthur, ' there is my coat.' He turned out the xwekets upon the table ; from the breast- pocket he produced the bank notes he had received from his friend, Jack Stevtns ; from the tail pockets a handkerchief aEd gloves. Nothing more. He laughed aloitd and lifted the handkerchief from the table. The laugh was frozen in his throat. As lie lifted the handkerchief there fell from it a jewelled brooch, the device a stile of gold with, three birds perched thereon, one of sapphires, one of rubies, one of brilliants. 'My God!' he gasped, and .sank into a chair. Mr. P. Foreman did not break the silence that ensued. With sad eyes he gazed u-kki the crusliing evidence of guUl. At length. 1 Arthur found his voice. 'You do not, you cannot,' he cried ia an agonised tone, ' believe me guilty !;) s Mr. P. Foreman uttered no word. Arthur's face y- ns like the face of death. A vision of his ruined life rose before him. aud in that vision the_ image of his fair young bride stricken with despair. 'What am I to do?' moaned the un happy man. 'What am I to do? As I Lope for mercy in heaven I swear that I am innocent.'' . Mr. P. Foreman in silence pointed to the brooch on the table. It was aa eloquent sign, but be seemed to sympathise with the hapless man before him. Arthur rose to his feet, trembling in every limb. 'Have nierey upon me,' he murmured, stretchinp forth his hands. ' Before God I asi innocent.33 ' I am sorry for the young lady,' said Mr. P. Foreman, ''deeply, deeply sorry. I have a daughter of my own, whom I hope one day to see happily married. But she is in delicate health.' There was a plaintiveuess in his voice and Arthur, overwhelmed as he was, caught at the despairing hope tvhich presented itself to his distracted mind. He and the roan who held his fate hi bis hands were alone ; there were no witnesses and not a sound reached tUsai from house cr street.' 'Save me !' implored Arthur. 'As you hope for ypur daughter's happiness save an in nocent man — save an innocent girl from despair and death.33 Mr. P. Foreman put his hands before his eyes. _ 'My duty,' he murmured. ' You owe a duty elsewhere,' said Arthur in * a rapid feverish voice. 'The lady who has employed you trusts _ you implicitly and will \- receive your report without question.' ' I do not grasp your meaning,' said Mr. P. '~ Foreman. 'Your daughter is in delicate health, you say,' continued Arthur. 'You hope to ses Ler one day happily married. You are not rich .' ' I tin very poor,' said Mr. P. Foreman. ' Do you think I would otherwise follow this miserable occupation ? Fortune has bee i against me all my life.' ' It smiles upon you now,' pursued Arthur desperately ; ** it offers you a chance. Yo : speak like a gentleman ; you have a sou' abov your station. See here. There are a hundre i and fifty pounds in bank-notes. Take them ; they are ycurs— and keep my secret, guiltless as I era. You are not a young man ; you have had experience of the world ; you niuat know the voice of innocence when you hear it. Could a guilty man plead as I am pleading 1 By all your hopes of happiness, save me ! No or.e is near : no one knows but you and I. It is so easy, so easy !— and I shall bless you ail my life V 'You tempt me sorely,' sasd Mr. P. Fore man. 'My daughter is ordered abroad for her health, and I have no means to take her.' ' You have means here at your hand. Take the iuoney^-it is yours ; I give it to you freely. Ko one will be the wiser, and you will bs a:i instrument in t3;e hands of Providence to sava two iiJEocent lives !' 'Let me thuik a moment,1' said Mx. P. Forc-isan, and he turned hia head. Arthur awn:to-d his decision in an aeony of | ^^* ''desj.-air. Presently he «po!» ^ijiia. ' I vi'il f-spre.«s no opinion of yo-.i;- Efii't or ii:::oc'.-nu\ but you have offei»-l whit I ???v.\\- not n-sii-t. I wili take the jncaty :ir.l v.'iil :c_-.';- your .setit-t for the sake of thy Lady j\v.i a~ about to marry, for the sake of my poor daughter. It maybe the means of restoring bar to health. As for this brooch ? ' 'Take it.' cried Arthur impetuously, 'a«d do what you will with it. It is onw of my conditions'. Heaven bless you — heaven blesy you.' ' We are accomplices in a transaction that must not be sjwlcen of,' said Mr. P. Foreniau, who had put the money and the brooch into his pocket. ' I pity and despise you, as I pity and despise myself.' He did not wish Arthur good night ; seem ingly ashamed of the bargain they had made he went downstairs, accompanied by Arthur, who closed the street door upon him. Dazed and bewildered the young man re turned to his room, and with great throbbings of his breast at the mysterious danger he had escaped, completed his preparations for the wedding and the honeymoon. Before he threw himself upon his bed in the vain attempt to seek oblivion, for au hour or two he wrote a letter to his friend Jack Stevens, saying he had unfortunately lost the money that had been lent to him and begging for another loan, which wa= to be forwarded to an hotel in Paris | v here he intended to stop with his young wife for a few days. There is no need to describe the wedding. Everything passed off well and everybody iu i church declared they had never seen a lovelier i bride; but they observed at the same time that ' the bridegroom appeared far from happy, and j one of the spectators remarked that he looked several times over his shoulder with the air of a man who feared that a ghost was standing behind him. His own people and his new relatives, being in a state of excitement, did not take the same view of it — they said he was nervous, which was quite natural on such an occasion. Adelaide was tremblingly happy and_ she and her lover-husband departed on their honeymoon amid the usual showers of rice and hurling* of old slippers. In Paris Arthur received from Jack Stevens a draft for another hundred and fifty pounds ; but in the letter which accompanied the welcome draft Jack said he could not understand how Arthur had managed to lose the money. ' I saw you,33 wrote Jack, 'put the money in the side pocket of your dress-coat and button your overcoat over it. How could you have lost it? Did you have an adventure, and are you keeping it from me? Make a clean breast of it. old fellow. I should like to know. And if there is anything I can do for | you while you are away do not fail to call ( upon me. 1 am in London for good and a:n ! entirely at youv service.' Authur pondered i over this letter ;uid pondered deeply also over 1 the events which had occurred on the night ' before the wedding ; and the more he pon dered the more lie was dissatisfied. Once his young wife, who had noticed that something j xs-as weighing on our hero'.-? spirits, said to I hhr. — j 'Arthur, dear, are yon happy?'' 'Very happy, darling.' ' But quite happy, Arthur ?' 'Yes, darling, quite happy. Why do you ask?' 'I don't know — only you sssm so melan choly sometimes.' 'All your fancy, darling.' 'I suppose so, Arthur dear.' But tlie young bride was not satisfied for 'all that. She was sure that her hero was keeping som- tiling disagreeable from her. However, like a sensible little woman, she did not worry I him ; no bride could expect greater attention j and devotion than he showed towards her, and j she lectured herself and said that she could ' not expect to know everything about her hus band all at once. ' I shall have to study him, she said, 'and when I know him thorouglily I will make him perfectly, perfectly happy.' On the eighth day of the honeymoon some thing curious happened. They had travelled freni P:uis to Geneva, aud they put up at the i Grand Hotel de la Paix. The first time they j dined in the hotel, Arthur, looking up, saw j exactly opposite to him the forms of Mr. P. Foreman and a lady. He turned red and white, aud his heart beat furiously. There appeared, however, to be no cause for appre- I hensiou ; Mr. P. Foreman looked him straight I in the face and evinced no sign of recognition. Perceiving this Arthur took courage and ! glanced at the lady. Again he turned red and j white. On the bosom of the lady's dress was j affixed a beautiful brooch — a stile of gold, with i its three little birds of rubies, sapphires, and brilliants. ' Did you think the lady opposite to us was very pretty, Arthur ?' asked Adelaide, as shs I aud her husband stood close together after ! dinner, looking into the clear waters of the ; lake. ' j ' I did not- take particular notice, dear,' re- ! plied Arthur awkwardly. j ' Cb, Arthur ! I saw your eyes fixed upon i her.' i Arthur did not dare confess that it was the ! breech he v.a- staring at and not at the lady, j so he diverted Adelaide's thoughts by means | of those tender secret caresses which render ; ycung brides supremely happy. But he thought ; very seriously, nevertheless. The lady who j accompanied Mr. P. Foreman seemed to be in I perfect liealth, and she was not young enough. \ to be his daughter by a good many years. Tiie ? dreadful jjositiou in which he had stood upon ' the ocepMon of Mr. P. Foreman's nocturnal i visit to his chambers weighed terribly upon j him. He- knew himself to lie innoseni, but the j brooch which his accuser had uow appropriated j was found in his pocket ; he had taken it out i Lims-clf . Kow had it got there ? That was the mysttsy that was perplexing him and he felt that he could not b& at peace with himself j until it was solved. That night he wrote to i Jack Stevens and made a full confession of j how he had lost the money, and in his letter he ; pave a very faithful description of Mr. P. j Foreman. j ' If you can clear up the mystery,' he said ' In hii? letter, ' for Heaven's sake do so. I do ; uot advise you to go to Lady Westou. White to [ make enquiries, for that might result in at- | tracting attention which, as things stand, I | wish to avoid ; but do what you can for me, j and act as you think best, for the sake of your j old and unhappy friend, Arthur.53 He directed j Jack to reply to him at the H;»tel Victoria, i Iiiterlal:t-n, where he proposed to take Ade- j laide after a stay in Geneva. He made lm ! visit to this beautiful city shorter than he in- j tended, so anxious was he to receive Jack's reply. It was uot there when he arrived, but ' on the following mid-day it was delivered to h:m. 'Sly dear Arthur,' Jack wrote, 'my dear simple friend, my timid love-stricken swain, your letter astonished me, and iu your interests I set to work at once. I have a friend who is a rep.l detective — a real one, mark you — and when I entrusted him with your precious secret, and read to him the careful description you have given of youv saviour, Mr. P. Fore mail, lie first looked at^me iu blank amazement and then burst into a fit of laughter. ' By Jove !' he cric-d when he got over his fit, ' that is my friend Purdy. He's- been at his tricks again.3 * Who is your friend Purdy ?' I en quired, 'and.wliat are the particular tricks you refer tof He did not favour me with au answer, but stipulated that I should pay an immediate visit to Lady Weston Wliite and ask whether the jewels lost in her house on the night before your wedding had been recovered. I did as he bade me, and ieame'l from her lady ship — what do you think? Why, that there wc-i-c- no jewels lost in Ler house, and never had ljeen to her knowledge. I did not enlighten litr, old fellow, having some regard- for your reputation for shrewdness. I went straight from her to iny friend the real detective. Learn from me, O wise young bridogrom, that Mr. P. Foreman, alias Purdy, is no more a detective than I am, that Ise must have slipped the bvocch (all false stones, my hoy) himself iato your pocket, having previously ascertained that you were to be married in a few hours and that 'he practised upon you a rather clever trick which he has practised successfully upon other victims as simple as yourself. Now I come to think of it. I shouldn't wonder if he was one of the men who passed us when I gave 3-ou the thirty five-p_ound notes at the corner of the street, lily frieud the real detceth-e tells I me thai; Purdy is one of the best actors he has ? ever seen and that his skill would beat the I devil lii-aisc-lf. Let us hope lie will soon have i the chance of trying it on with his Satanic i maje.sty. Anyway, he is enjoying him=elf I on the Continong with your money and mine, I and as he lias cast a cloud over the first fort i night or so of your honeymoon I should reaom j mend you to lengthen it by just as many days | of happiness as he has robbed j'ou of. And i here is another recommendation, my dear, j simple old fellow. Tell your little wife all ? about it, and tell her at the same time that I liave given an order for a brooch, of which I : shall beg her acceptance, with the very : original design of a gold stile and three little i . Liitis perched atop of it. Give her nvy love, ? and accept the same from yours ever and 1 ever.3' I ; Arthur danced about the room when he j read this coii-fort:ng letter. Adelaide looked up from a novel in which she had been 1 absorbed. 'Why, whatever is the matter with you,' she cried, ' you dear old goose ?' ' j 'Never mind the dear old goo=c-,33 said-' Arthur. ' Let us have a waltz round tlie ' room, you dear young darling i' j A waltz they had, and they made sorcia , glas-c-s en (he table jingle sr:» that a chamber maid knocked at thedcor and askuil v.-heiaer her pprvict-h were required. '?Kot st ail,' replied Arthur, in very in eifferf-r.t Geiiuan. ' ' I am only giving madams a h-s£OH.'r I At the end of which lesson Avthur related to j hLs Lririfc what it was that had ix^n disturbing j laic. Kow she pitied him '. The tears ran down her pretty face as she took his between j hc-r littlf hands' and gave hiai kisst* which h-s returned with intertet. Of that j-on may ba sure. 'Oh, Arthur,' fsv.1 Adelaide, with the fondest of looks, 'i am ghl I married you ; because you knov.-. y-;u do want *o::ieo:iO i:i look aftx-i1 you.' As for ihe rwt cf the- Iiotj^vir ?i':.r-._ J le?--^ : you to imagine it. All Iv.'i-; s.iy irithi.t 1 wl-ih ! The Jstrand Maauzw-c. ' ' \ 