THEATRICAL GOSSIP. —PrinceBB 1 Theatre, " Oar Flat." -131) DU Theatre. " New Men and Old Acrc 6." —Theatre Royal. " The Lights o' London." —Opera HOUBS. " The Corsair." —Alexandra Theatre. Italian Opera Company. -Victoria Hall. The U.6. Mine trek. -Gaiety Theatre. Clark's Folly Company. —Waxworks and Museum. Lyola. —The manager of " the skeleton" is in town. —Jimmy Hendy's pet phrase—" Good Knight." —Mr. Walter Bentley's appearance at the Theatre Royal fixed for 14tU November. —Monty Browne is over from Adelaide. Mick Tier has also been doing the Marvellous. -From London comes a Topical Times containing portrait and interview of Miss Gracie Warner. — Rickards is advertising in the London papers for a crowd to visit Australia. Skirt dancers are particularly asked for. —The provinces are being well cared for, the Dampier, Barry, Taylor and Carrington companies being on the war-path. —Lohr is ornamenting tbe Princefs' at present, his genial smile having returned from New Zealand in good shape. —Young Emmet is following iu the " old man's " footsteps, having already made successes in America with J, K.'s pieces. —Mr. Twinning kindly forwards London Era. containing an account of tbe|;Indian travels of the Potter- Bellew Company. —Serio-comic you eg lady, so Tom Margetts writes, is required for two or three nights'engagement iu country. Address, Cobden-street, Bendigo, and don't all speak at once. —In honour of her Antarctic tour, end of the vast expedition which she ia eaid to be preparing, Madame Bernhardt has been happily rechriBtened " the interoceanic tragedian." —We have received three sheet posters from America re Paddv Murphy's new play, "The Cruiekeen Lawn," written by Dan M'Cartbv. The posters aforesaid represent Paddy and hie daughter, Little Kittie, in the principal characters. —Mr. Luscombe Searelle starts again for South Africa on tho I2tb October, taking a strong company of American Negro performers and an Australian burlesque company. Mr. 8earelle returns to London in February next to produce his opera "Bobadil." —A very bigh-claBB operatic singer recently received a telegram intended for a variety artiBte of tbe same name. It ran as follows:—"Opening for self, song and dance man, and ventriloquist. Wire lowest terms." NeedlesB to say, the operatic one was a bit disgusted. —Madame Patti has decided not to sail for the United 8tates quite GO eoon as was expected. At the end of her Irish tour in Novemher she will return to Craig-y-nos, not leaving for America until late, and possibly tbe last week, in December. The prima donna wiii consequently not appear in New York until after the new year. —"W. G. Carey and daoghter are still in Dunedin. They've just returned from the country, where it rained every night. Bland Holt did a grand biz there, and haB just gone to Christchnrch. By-tbe-way, Mies Cynthia Carey is very much improved (says our correspondent), and wants nothing but a fair opportunity to make a big name on the Bta^e for herself. —On Saturday next the celebrated Wirth Brothers* circus will open for their Cup season on the old sice, Swanston street, near the Public Library. A deluge of new acts will be performed, and as the combination, always a etrong one, h&a; received many additions in the shape of new people." tbe boys " look like establishing a record this trip. Alexander the Great is, as per usual, managiog. —A Swan Bill paper tbos:—" The Cogil! Bros. Company will appear here again to-morrow evening, and should meet with a good reception, as they won over a large number of admirers on tbe occasion of their visit some four jnonths ago. Charlie Cogill is generally admitted to oe on a par with the celebrated Will Whitburn as an exponent of tho burnt^cork art,and he will be supported by an extensive company." —From Fr e man tie, F. J. Imray, we learn, has permanently settled down in West Australia, and nas established an agency for tbeatrioal companies visiting that colony. He has had considerable experience, being associated from time to time with Cbiarini's and Cole's —The Maber Brothers appear to be very popular at the Victoria Ball, encores being tbe rule. \- George Leitcb begins a comely season at the Garrick Theatre, Sydney, on Saturday night, in "Tho Librarian." —James Crilly, " Tbe Australian Barnum," is about io blossom—biography and photo.—in tbe Polioe Gazette. Fame, ah —From Dunedin comes glowing aooounts of the Bland Holt Company, Bland, Mis. Bland and Albert Norman being particularly well spoken of. -It is very likely that Walter Bentley will create the leading part in Charles Bradley's drama," Girl of my Heart." Bradley has dramatised his novel, "The Belgrave Case," for production in Melbournr. -To-day a cricket match wilt be played between the "Corsair" Company (Oppra House) and the Police on the Melbourne Cricket Ground. Play will commence punctually at two o'clock. The recently-formed Police band will be in attendance. —"llobRoy" is the piece selected for Wa'ter Bentley's opening, and Brunton has painted some magnificent scenery. The Caledonian Society in &U; tbeir war peint will be present to enhance the Arab night's reception of tbeir iliuBtrions countryman. —Bateman end O'Grady's Company are now doiug tbe provinces with "The Wearing of tbe Green," written by "William O'Brien, Esq., M.I?.' The company includes Misses Alice Player. Lawrence, Marsden, Wiltshire, and MesBrB. O Grady, Bateman, Woods, Meade. Tait. Forrest, Cowan, Crawford, Goodwin, Kean, Walters,&c.; —A London correRpondent is responsible for tbe following amusing 6tory:—"When Herr Joachim was last at St. James' Hall be went to a hairdresser s to have himself made spruce for his public appearance. The two artists, barber and musician, differed decidedly about tbe length at which the violinist's hair should be allowed to remain. 'Well, sir,' st>id Figaro, Bumming up, 'if you, as a gentleman, don't mind your being taken for a foreign musician, I'm sure I don't r " —The Lynoh Family Bellringers opened tbe new Public Hall at Warracknabeal on Wednesday, tbe I4tb, and despite the very inolement weather succeeded in attracting an enthusiastic audience, numbering over 500\. The building is a very fine one—splendidly lighted and seated, and without question one of the best upcountry halls in the colony. Its acoustic properties are perfect, and tbe Messrs. Lynch expressed then: selves as being greatly pleased with everything appertaining to the building. —Mrs. Brown- Potter, iu her recent Indian tour, had a present made to her such as few actresses have been fortunate enough to receive. In a basket of beautifully wrought gold are laid three black pearls for eggp, t*ud over this nest hovers a bird made of floe diamonds. Such is the gift which was made to Mrs. Potter by the Nizam after her performances before him in " Hamlet" and " She Stoops to Conquer " at the city of Hydprabad, and this, in addition to a "fee" of 20,000rupees, for bar entertainment. —It is | ropoeed to erect in Glasnevin Cemetery, Dublin, a monument to the memory of the late eminent tragedian. Mr. Barry Sullivan, wbese remains are there interred. An influential committee for this purpoEe is being formed, and Mr. J F. Warden, of ihe Theatre Royal, Belfast, and Mr. Michael Gunn. of tbe Gaiety Theatre, Dublin, have undertaken to aot as hon. secretaries to tbe movement, wbicb is deaerviug of tho warmest support not only of tbe profession in which the deceased actor attained such a proud and honourable position, but of tbe public in whose service he so long and conscientiously laboared. —An experiment akin to Mr. Beerbohm Tree's "Haymarket Mondays'' of last year, but on a much larger scale, is to be tried this autumn by the management of the Vaudeville Theatre in Paris. Every Thursday after* noon a matinee is to be given, and these matptc.b' will be divided into series, for which tickets at a greatly reduced price will be sold. The plays performed are to be new ones, most of them by new authors—or at all events by autboreoutside that "dramatic ring" of which we used to hear BO much a few years ago. Tbe actors of the chief parts will, as a role, not be new—and here we fancy we can hear the Great Unected breathe again. They will be well-known actors who for the time are not engaged at night; and they nil! be supported by young and ambitious actors whose names are yet to mske. One cannot but wish well to so worthy an exper.ment —"To shave or not to sbava?" has long been tbe question for those who are cast for Roman parts. Did Nero shave at tbe time when be murdered Agrippina? asks one critic; aud another will hardly let the lover of Theodora wear a beard. Iu these days of archaeological erudition, wbm scarce a button is sewn on without a consultation at tbe British Museum, an author like Suetonius is much too easy and available to be referred to: yet the second-form boy who has just been reading bis "Twelve Caesars" could settle the question off hand. Here is a brief quotation, which seems conclusive. "Nero went to see ber "—Lepida, his aunt, whose illneES and death followed close upon the parricide of Agrippins—" and the woman, who was already very old, touched h>e beard aB if to caregs him, and said to him, ( Wheu I shall have seen this beard fall I Bhall have lived long enough.' " So that Mr. Mau&field; may go to the perruquier in all confidence for a "Nero beard." —M. Becque has said something new about Hamlet— which is a deed done by no man since Goetbe's time at all evente. Be, a dramatist, takes Shakespeare as a dramatist pure and simple. " What does Hamlet's madness mean ?" ask the students. " Why,'' says Monsieur Becque, "it merely means that Shakespeare found Hamlet shamming mad in the old story by BelleforeBt, and saw that his 6bam madness would be telling on the stage, and so kept bim at it.' And then oomes the new point. "What earthly season, except stage effect, there for this sham-madness ? What good does it do to Hamlet? How does it help bim to bis revenge?' Audthecritic pauses for a reply—which Mr. Beerbohm Tree will, perhaps, presently give him. One convincing proof of Hamlet's sanity is certainly novel—his perfect conduct in the presence of the ghost. Filial respect does what nothing else under heaven could have done. When bis father is speaking, Hamlet actually holds his tougue for several minutes 1 —Sarah Bernhardt is tired of sitting about on the deck of a steamer without a word to say in its management. She thinks it poor fun to be a mere super" in the most exciting scenes, at the orders of an ordinary captain and a commonplace mate if a storm arises—nobody, a cipher, merely "one of the passenger*," if there should come a shipwreck. So, as is but flttiug. she is now to have a Bteamer of ber own. A vessel of three thousand tous is to be freighted for a trifling tour to Portugal, Egypt, Italy, Greece, Turkey, India, Australia—it haB beendoue, but a return visit will be only polite—China, Japan, Vancouver's Island, San Francisco, Chili, Cuba and Bra&il.; Madame Bernhardt will start from Havre, and finish by steaming up tbe Thames to London. The ship will oarry everything—a vast "fit-op" theatre, with scenes, stage carpenters and a company complete in every way; and wherever an audience is to be found there will she cast anchor (or, so at least the Parisian papers are anxious that we should believe). —Mr. Christie Murray writes with reference to his new play:—" I have been before tbe public for twenty yeat 6, and I have never rolled a log. In writing now I desire to advertise a principle, not an author. I leorn from two or three of the reviewets of my play that lam a little blameworthy in having taken no note of the modern developments of art I am not 'psychological.' I should like to be allowed to say that my blindoeea is wilful. I will not be too positive. Tbe world is wiser than any one of us, and tbe new folks may be right. My nose may be askew, bat I have a right to follow it. and it will never lead me to the bestial inanities of Ibsen. These things are BO much a matter of taste that no man can offer a final judgment; but I should like to say, once for all, that I am on the side of the angels—the good, great, lovable noble men who have made the Euglisb drama the glory and wonder of the world. However unworthily, I follow in their track, and am content to be oldfashioned. I trust to devote the remainder of my life to stage work, and so far as in me lies I will keep tbo old traditions. Who will may dabble in that ordure of tbe eoal which is tbe.essence of the 'modem' play. If I could see a veal movement I would try to follow it; but I see no more than tbe dirty fashion of a jaded hour,and 1 will do what one man can to spoil it." 