THB OHUROH OF EHGLAND AND THE UNEMPLOYED, DISCOURSE BY THE REV. J. D. LANGLEY. Tho Ror. J. D. Langloy delivered a special sermon to a large congregation at St. Philips' Church last night on the subject of " The Needy and Unemployed ; tho Church's dnty regarding them." Ho took for his text the lOtb chapter of St. Luko, verses 86 and 87 : — " Which now of these three, ihmkost thou, was neighbor unto him that fell among tho thieves ? And ho said, Ho that shewed morcy on him. Then said Jeana unto him, go and do thou likewise." The revoroud gentleman observed that Chrifii'a injunction on the story of the good Samaritan applied to men and women in all time. They were a rebuke to any in the nineteenth ccutury who professed and called themsulvoa Christians, »ud yet failed to realise the character of thoir Master and tho servico He was seeking at their bauds, in the history of tho Church there might havo been timca of coldness and of deaduccs, but right down through tho ugos she had been the friond of the friendless and the succor of the needy. Their hospitals and charitable in titntions proved it ; no such institutions as these were to be fonnd in tbe homes of heathendom. Ono of the results of modern civilisation had boon to create a large class of persona who from various causes failed to earn that which thoy needed to obtain tho necessaries of life. In England under tbe older civilisation this condition was simply appaling. Men said to him sometimes "\Yo havo no snch poverty as that iu Sydney." He thanked God thoy bad not, and they would be deeply wanting in their duty as Christian inon and women if they ever had. London poverty eeem-jd almost hopeless in its helpless ness. Sydney poverty could bo dealt with, and he believed successfully deait with, if tbe Church of Christ was trne to the Saviour's docirnio. They had in their midst men and women out of work. Was it not an anomaly that in a young country, with every industry languishing lor want of labor, thoy should hare men needing employment? He could not speak for other people and their experience; but for his own part he had abundant evidence of tho want of employ ment. A very largo portion of his time was taken up in dealing with cases, often heart rending, of people for whom he could practi cally do nothing, for tho reason that there was no organisation in existence to Bitppiy their needs. Aa illustrating the quantity of labor available, ho mentioned that in response to six advertisements which recently appoarcd iu oqo of the daily papers there wore no lesn than 212 applicants. Yet mou told them there was no want ofemployment in Sydney. Personally he believed there was employment to be obtained for all respectable and deserving per sons, but there was a need of come agency which wonld briog cmpioyors nnd employe together. He believed that tho Chnrcb of England wa better prepared than any other body to do this work, as to -a largo extent It had tho machinery at hand. They could scarcely realise the fall misery of a man out of work with wife and littlo ones depend ent upon him going about to seek aims. There was no picture which should more tend to rouse the sympathy of right-minded men. What be proposed was that thero 6houJd bo a registry open to everybody, with branches in every suburb throughout the country, whose bnBlncss it would be to seek employment for tbe deserving. He felt sure that he would not appeal in vain to the men And women in the diocese of 8ydney. There were a large num ber of men and . women living by alms gathered from honso to honse. A man in adversity had a good claim upon their alms ; but the systom of alms-giving had a tendency to break down the applicants' oolf- respect, to encourage laziness and, generally Rpeuking, to demoralise them. Such men wanted work, aud by giving alms thoy humiliated them. No man but a loafer would hesitate between work and charity. In cases where men had fallen through crime, intemperance, indolence or any other cause, their duty was to at once supply that which would lift them np. As General Booth bad pot It, in bis book on "Darkest England," "If a cab horse has fallen iu tho street wo do not stand and look at him, but go and put htm on hi feet again." That was their daty in regard to thoir fellow-beings. One way in which this could be done wa by having a piece where men and women could find shelter and obtain food, not as a matter of charity, but as the plain, honest reward for work done. That could not be called administering alms, bnt merely helping men and women to help thomaelrea. He knew of no such place iu .Sydney and such a place he wanted immediately to establish. Bnt these people wanted more than their bodily necessities. A mau who wns down needed un invisible hand to uplift him and to help him on the true level. A homo such in he bad outlined must have a place of worship, with daily service and a constant effort to lead men to God. Many of the distressed needed character more than anything else, Tho powor which could sustain them was the grace and strength of the Holy Ghost and the means for its attain ment must, In connection with any scheme for social reform, bo bronght lovingly aud ear nestly before all who wore willing to receive it. In the third place there were mon who had sank so low through strong drink, gambling and other viccsjthat like the man in the parable, they were half dead. The proud Pharisee gathering his skirts around him, crieu u Lot him alone," and passed on tho other side. No human being could say that another ww hopeless. The man who knew from experience what penitence was would never say there wai no peditence for his brother. One means towards this cud was to remove such men from all temptation of surrounding, nnd hi method of social reformation in- eluded a scheme of settlement for thee peoplo In tho country, whore they might be put on their feet aguiu, and enabled to make a fresh start.' In this country homo they might find tho power by which alone the could be kept from falling. These "thoughts had for mauy months weighed upon his heart. With much misgiving, and many temptations to turn, back, especially wheu ho met with cold ness and indifference iu quarters where he least expected It, ho resolved to bring the matter prominontly be/ore tbo Church In Sydnoy, and offer his share iu the accomplishment of the work. Boon an appeal would be made to churchmen|tbrcughout tho length and breadth of the colony, and he aakod them all to pat for ward an cuort on behalf of their brothors and wistorB who wore living In misery and shame oa dying without hope. 