HOW A GOOD SHIP WAS LOST. On the night of October 27, 1842, the good ship ' Mar j Compton,' of Bristol. England, was struggling with a fearful gale off the coast of North America. The wind blew furiously, but the weather was clear, and the captain expected every moment to get sight of the light in the lighthouse on the Iron Bock Shoals. This lighthouse marked the entrance no ine uamor. vrnce inure, tnu tney were safe. Sure of his position, he sailed on confi dently. Five minutes later the ship struck with a tearful shock and went to pieces. Four men, including the captain, were saved. On reaching the shore they found a strange thing hid happened. An enemy of the lighthouse keeper bad bound him hand and foot and ex tinguished the light. Souls, as well as ships steer by the lights. Hope is the most important lighthouse in the world. What shall be said of the man who darkens it in the face of a storm- toesed spirit? ' You are beyond human aid.' These words were said by a physician to a woman who had come to consult him. Admitting that he thought eo, had he the right to say so ? No; for he might be wrong — and in any case he had no business to put out the light. This woman had been ill for some time. In June, It89, she wbb greatly alarmed by her symptoms. Her heart palpitated, and she was so giddy she could scarcely stand, fler head whirled 'and,' she eaid, -'all objects seemed to go into a cloud.' She had to iiold herself ;up or eit down for fear of falling. She broke out in a sweat although cold as death. A dreadful cough racked her frame eo that she could not lie down in bed and sleep. 'I could scarcely crawl about the house,' she says, ' I was bo weak. I tried different remedies and medicines without avail. I went to the Dispensary at New Briggate and asked the doctor to tell me the worst. HiB answer was, * I have mixed you come medicine ; you can take it or leave it.' I took it for three weeks, then gave up in despair. ' I talked with two other physicians. The last one said, * You are past human aid.' *' My heart sank within me, for I had five little children, and my death would leave them without a mothers love and care. I went home and cried till I was sick. I had no appetite and had lost flesh till I was thin as a ghost! My mother came to eee me and did not know me. My skin was of a green and yellow color, and when I ate anything it eeemed to BLiiub. ill my uiniui'. auuui mis ume J. com menced vomiting, and what I thr-w up was tinged with blood. Once I began to vomit at nine o'clock on a Saturday morning and scarcely got rest from it until Monday morn ing. ' At this time I remembered that Mrs. Wilson, with whom 1 formerly worked in 1 rawford's Mill, in East Street, Leeds (where I live), had been cured by Mother Seigel'e Curative Syrup. So I sent to Mr. Jeseon'e, the Chemist, in Great Garden street, and got a bottle. A few doses stopped the vomiting, and by degrees from day to day I felt better. Soon I could eat a dry crust, and by the time I bad finished the second bottle 1 had got over all my bad symptoms, and was fast getting my strength back, I am now (April, 1890,) in better health then ever before in my life. 'I should have taken Mother Seigel'e Curative Syrup sooner, but my buBband was out of work and we had only a trifle coming in from his club, but I thank God I did get it at last, and it cured me bad off as I was. All my Mends and neighbors know the facts I have related, and I will reply to any letters of inquiry.' (Signed), Mrs. Ann Mills, 40; Bread Street, York Boad, Leeds. This was a case of indigestion and dyspepsia, with symptoms showing how far it had affected the nervous system. A few months, or possibly weeks, more, and Mrs. Mills would have had no tale to tell. She did wrong to wait one hour for any reason, after having known what Mother Seigel'e Curative Syrup had done for her friend, Mrs. Wilson. 