Ohain of Ponds. ARBOR DAY turned out beautiful and sunny at Chain of Ponds and was all that could be desired for planting and festival purposes. The day's programme was commenced by the teacher-Mr. A. Gallop-reading and explaining the lecture on "TiThe Tree." Then followed singing, and lastly the planting instruc tions. The trees were then distributed among the children, who marched to the place of planting. Messrs. Hately, Alchin, and the teacher superintended the planting operations, each elder child being given a tree. Twelve trees having been planted, dinner was announced, and the children made great havoc among the cakes and good things prepared for them by their parents. Various games were then indulged in until tea time. The principal feature of the afternoon's pastime was to have been a football match be tween the Waterloo and Yass Football Clubs; but the latter team did not turn up. For the evening amusement a few ladies and gentlemen produced a farce "Breach of Promise"-in which Mr. Hickey played "papa" to perfection. Mrs. Gallop, as " daughter and bride," sustained her pisrt with great success. Miss E. Young, as " lover and walking comedy," acted splendidly and displayed her tact and judgment in the management of her lover. Messrs. A. Gallop and M. Paterson ("lovers") did full justice to the parts placed in their hands, taking every advantage of opportunities, which at times were quite laughable. Mr. H. Chapple made a grand " policeman" for the occasion, and well showed his powers in securing a prisoner. Master H. Hately, performing well, showed that he was in the right place as " utility." I must say that the ladies in their costumes looked most charming and sufficient to tempt any lover to courtship. Especially charming were they as " brides" receiving " papa's" blessing. MIr. Pipe, who is all at home in the step dancing, received great applause for the admirable manner mn which he performed. Then followed a most laughable nigger farce-performed by Messrs. J. Hickey (Nigger), A. Gallop (Boss), and M. Paterson (Ghost). Mr. Hickey's performance kept the audience in one continual strain of laughter until the finish. Mr. Gallop having thanked the audience for their support and attendance, " God Save the Queen" was sung by the company, and the entertain ment closed. On the whole our day was a great success. The proceeds of the even ing entertainment, /£ agos 6d inclusive of expenses, were devoted to the Arbor Day funds.-Correspondent. I The COlty olloitor was nskedo by resolution of the Conunei to be present it the mostlog of rate payers on Monday night in order to deal with smy questions respaotfg the legal sopot vi the ubject to be disousa?d. 