CONSECRATION OF THE CATHOLIC \ CEMETERY. The following has been banded to us for publication by one of oar moat es teemed contributors,!^^ On Sunday last thp'new addition to the Catholic cemetery was blessed and con secrated by the Bishop of Armidale, -with all the interesting and touching ceremonies of the ritual of the Church. The day was perfectly calm, clear, and beautiful, and a large concourse of people assembled, amidst the graves of their departed friends and relatives, to take part in the solemn service, ere they too should sleep their last still slumber under tbe same blue sky, site by side with thoBe who axe already reBting in "the quiet garden where His loved ones sleep." Before the service, his Lordship addressed the assembled crowd, and explained to them the meaning of the ceremony m which they had come to take part. * The1word •cemetery' be said meant " In the eyes of the Catholic church, death fe only a sleep. Sow awakening, and the word cemeteiy itoelf ■iaiiinnrJ xW"» linn—law, ^MheTbody^ From the fiKt ages the Church has shown the greatest respect for the mortal remains of her children. She began by abolishing the custom of burning the dead and consigned the lifeless body to the earth from whence it sprung, say ing, «• Dust thou art, and thou sbalt return to the dust from which thou -wast taken. The first cemeteries of the Catholic Church were the catacombs, and it was among the dead that the living came to pray and offer up the holy mysteries. Io the catacombs of Rome we see to this day the resting places of the saints and martyrs, round which the faithfol gathered to prepare themselves for the struggle and martyrdom, and received the Bread of the strong surrounded by the dead, who spoke to them of the martyrs' crown and the immortal rest. For centuries the cemeteries were always placed around the churcheB, that where the Christian life began, and where it had been nourished by the Bread of Angels, there, also, when the Lord called, the Christian might lie down to his last repose. In modern times, the cemeteries have been removed far away from the j churches, but still the Church stretches her hand over them and blesses them with solemn rites Buch as we have this day assembled to witness and take part. in. The Catholic Church looks upon man, who becomes the Temple of the Holy ! Ghost in Baptism, who feeds upon God | in Holy Communion, as so holy that every thing abont him must receive its own special blessing. His house, his fields, his flocks and herdB are blessed, and the place of his burial is consecrated to re-, mind him that our bodies are still holy, and to be reverenced even in the dost of the grave. That the blessing of the ceme pressive the ceremony is reserved for a Bishop. On the eve of the day appointed for it five wooden crosses theheight of a man arc set up, the one in the centre higher than the rest, the others before, behind, and to the right and left of the ceme tery. In front of each cross a wooden stake is placed, 'with five wooden sconces. Every ceremony of the Catholic Church has its own meaning, and here the five crosses, placed so as to include i the whole cemetery, signify Him, who,, dying with His five sacred wounds upon i ' the cross, is the resurrection and life of all mankind. The stakes of wood are an | image of man who becomes in death, but as dry and useless wood. The night fol: lowing the erection of the cross reminds us of the darkness of the tomb, and the ceremony of to-day Is a bright picture of the resurrection. The cross overshadow ing the Btakes declares that Jesus oar Lord protects even the remains of man in the grave, that he keeps them in His hand, and will restore them to life at the ap pointed time." The ceremony then proceeded. The Bishop, vested in surplice, stole and white cope, and preceded by the assistant priest, very Rev. Dean O'Connor, by Bro.Ftands, and the acolytes, took his place before the centre cross. Fifteen candles, three on each of the stakes, were lighted in token of the resurrection. The. Bishop then recited the following prayer:'—"Oh Almighty and-merciful God, who art the guardian of aouls, the author of salvation, and the hope of the faithful, graciously hear our bumble prayer, and vouchsafe to purify thiB place by thy heavenly bless ing, and to make it holy, ao that the bodies which. rest here may, after the course of this life, deserve on the great day of judgment a' blessed immortality and a share in eternal happiness with the souls of the just, through JesuB Christ our Lord, Amen." After this prayer the clergy and all present knelt around the the cross, repeating the Litany of the Saints, to implore the,prayers *>f those who have gone before into the heavenly country. This ended, the Bishop walked round the cemetery sprinkling it with holy water, and reciting the words, " Sprinkle me O Lord with hyssop, and I shall be cleanBed," the assistants re peating the "Miserere." The Bishop then returned to the cross and Baid the prayer, " Oh God, who art the Creator of the universe, the Redeemer of all, and the Disposer of all creatures, visible and invisible, we humbly beseech thee to purify, bless, and sanctify this cemetery, wherein, after this life, the bodies of thy faithful ones ate to rest. Oh Tfaoo, who of thy infinite mercy, dost forgive the sins of all that place their trust in Thee, deign of thy.goodness to give eternal comfort to their bodies that will reBt here, await ing the sound of the trumpet of Thine Archangel, through Jesns Christ our Lord, Amen." The Bishop then took the lighted candles from the stakes and placed them on the three ends of the crosses, signify ing that the hope of resurrection Which goes down with man into the grave will be fulfilled in Jesus Christ, who is risen from the dead, and as He our Head now shines in Heaven with His glorified bodyr so we, too, bis members, shall one day rise to be for ever with Him. The stakes were then removed, but the crosses, the. standard of triumph and victory over j death, were left standing. The cemetery has of late,. by the ex ertions of Brother Francis, been restored: to order and greatly improved by new fencing and the planting of trees and making walks. All this has entailed con siderable expense, and it 'is hoped that the Catholics, seeing the improvement and grateful for the adornment of the last resting-place of their friends and relatives, will come forward and defray the cost that has been incurred. 