AN ARCTSG PHANTOM. By J. W. Hendeesis. It wes in Jsnuary, and we were in latitude 15dtg, 2imin. Ecutb. The heat was beyond discription, for we were lying becalmedunder atrop'cil sun. The sea wes a deep Esp phire blue, translucent to a mysterious depth, so that, leaning oyer the rail, one oculd see bits of giyly tinted sea-weed float ing far below tko surface. O.easionr.lly a brown fisb, locking purple through the glorifying water.would shoot close to the ship and then, smiting the placid depths into Bhivcring silver, go scurrying awsy into the infinite unknown of tha great dcrp. There was not a breath cf oir. The sea lay like molten glss3 aodar tha pitiless eud, ana the long undulation cf the swell seemed iike the deep ptni 'ngsof a heat oppressed boesm. The horizon was lost in a dim gray haze that,.quivered with ihe radiant heat, ana give everything en cpgearacee. oi melting. The pitch in the seams of the deck was soft and sticky. Sammy Scurles, the second mate, declared that on the forecastle deck the pitch was boiliDg. We were aboard the ship Alton Falls, homeward bound from the Gaps of Good Hope. Fred Meredith and I were taking s long sea-voyage for the benefit of onr health. We had been fortunate enough to secure berths on the Afton Falls for ihe voyage from New York to the Cape and back. The ship was a big, able craft of Novia Scotia build, commanded by Captain Harry Bown, ss fine a sailcrman. as ever handled a pig-yoke. We had been at Durban, and had rolled al most down to our lower yard-arms on the big swell that always tumbles intowardB that uninviting beach, and we had wondered how on earth any sane person could choose scicb a place to live in. We had also been under the shadow cf Tabic Beck, and had come out of the bay in one of those rushing winds that ecmc down Ihe mountain and blow a gale inside the bay, when outside the sea is smooth and the wind very ' light. And here we were a few hundred miles on our long trip, becalmed ana baking. Captain Bown, Meredith, and I ware tilting under an awning spread over cue side of the quarter deck. The ship wa3 under a splendid dis play of canvas, but the sails were simply bleaching in the sun. The courses were clewed up, in the vain he pi that a stray breath of air might Eteal along the deck". The man at the wheel mopped hi3 brow, and stared helplessly at tho compass eav.d. The ship had no steerage-way. The vessel was fullcf groans and creaks and the clicking of hooked doors as she rolled lazily on the long, low swells. Sammy Scurles, the second mate, had gene to the main topmast head, for be declared that he had got a little fannin< every time Bh6 rolled. The men forward were lying about in til sorts of attitudes ex pressive cf wearine£3 end disgust. One fellow climbed out on the jib-boom, went to eleep and almost fell overboard. As we sat stating at one another, the voice of the coloured cook arose from the galley trolliDg a ditty which he he had picked up in the Southern States: " D;3 byah niggah ain't gwine ic-i die Till old Jim Crow come roan' by-me-by, An'say' 'Hey, niggah, yo'got tor fly high'; Urnph-ninphi Ah.urDpb-uroph!" The Captain, Fred, and I looked at one an other, and smiled. We wondered how any one could muster up energy enough to sfcig. For a few minutes nothing was heard save the creakiDg of the ship's timbers and the flapping of her idle canvas. Then the cook lifted op his vciee again : ' I wish I war ia Baffin's Bay, Wbar all the niggahs am made ob clay, An' possoms go a skatin' ebfcery day. Kocp-te-loody 1 Ain't dst gay? Slidin' down a iceberg in Baffin's Bay.'1 At that the .three cf us burst into laugh" ter, and Captain Bown E&id; : " I believe the fellow's right. The only thisg to do cu such a day is to imogine you are in a cold place." '■ You are just right," said Fred. " I wish Iwercdofcg a cake w&lk; around the north pole." ' Well.T don't believe I ehould care much about tbat," said I. " The ncitk pole is a hard place to get to, and a harder place to get away from." " That's very tsue, sir," said Peter Young, the first mate, who bad just finished taking a sight, and was on his way below. ''Did you ever hear of the whaling ship Young Ptcinlx." ■•No," exclaimed Fred. "What about her?" j 'Well, sir, she's & 335-ton whaler thatwehi i out about two years ago. She was as fine a verrel as ever carried a cook, sir, and was ' Edit! to be a hard one to 'neat pa a bowling Wed, fhs got caught in (hs ice a hundred Uiiioe or so north c.t Point Barrow, end was ^ crushed i;i below the water line, bo that she i was supposed to be sicking, arid her crew . abandoned her. The crew escaped, and made t-lioir way baot to civilised parts of tlsa • ■ world, bus their ship did not sink." • :f;. J " What became of her ?" lasted. J " Weil, sis'," said the mate, with a myste rious air, '• she's Bailing those seas yet, with out a captain or without a crew." ' Sow do you know ?" demanded Fred. ^ •' Sue's been sighted, sir. More than that, she's been boarded." "When?" " How f" we exclaimed. ' Bast spring a man named Beavitt, sighted a. whale? standing towards shore, ' surrounded fcy ice-bergs. There she was, with her fore and main topsails Bet, and cU ber gear just glittering with ice in the sun light." . • j; "How was it she hadn't sank?" asked Fred. ?r; " Why, bless you, sir, she wasn't in tha i water at all. She was about fiity feet away from it, up on the ice, resting there just as • comfortable es a baby in a cradle," and just as ' safe too. Iiesvitt boarded her, and found; - everything oc her decks as heat as if ail / ' hands had just gone ashore for a. lark. Yon , ; see the ice had tqaeczed in under her, and' lifted her up." / '■ " And yea think che's there yet?" I in quired. - C 1 Just as sura as over you live, sir. Why, the ice up there doesn't melt all away in the f pring, It breaks up in some places, but •' mostly it just keep3 growing and growing and I shouldn't wonder at all Ifsoine of, those huge bcrga were hundreds of years old. Don't you think ro, C&pl;∈ ?" " I think you are about right, Young," ssid the captain. " I have heard about that "whaler, but she isn't a marker on an arctic yarn she reminds me of." - "Something in your own experience, Cap?5'. I asked. ' .* ' Yes." " *; : Then by all means let ns hear it,"said. Fred. "I never knew you had been a whaler." :v " Yes," said the Captain, " when I was in command of the Ssahkin, I was wall- known } at Upernavik, and they do say I have been4 away up But that's what i am coming . to. I had been one summer knocking -aboufr' the entrance of Baffin's Bay, and hadn't doiie a great deal. I was told by some E:qoimaux that a large number of right whales had been j? seen off the eass coast of Greenland, and I decided to cruise that way. In Angnst we : • hadn't seen a ghost cf a whale, but I pushed on, and when about sixty miles east of Gael < Hawk s Bay, the welcome cry came from the' crow'sneEt, . " 1 Ther-r-r-e 6he blows I1 " ' Where sway ?' I shouted. Two points eff the lee bow, sir.' ' "Well, I am not going into a whaling stcvy. It's enough to ssy we get that brute, and did a big trade in the course of the next six weeks. Two months later I shaped my course towards Spitsbergen, to go into win ter quarters there, and etart north nrfbe spring. I had the north pole fever, which so often catches whalers, and 1^ wanted to steal a march oa-ev cry one else.-'Oa Geiefeaf^-— 7th, a sail was sighted far away tc the iiokifa. ward, and I wondered whether-Ecme bijfex; : fellow had my idea. However, IfcBdMt / ' much time to wonder, for no sooner haft we : 5 Eighted that sail than it began to fcibw frchi the south-south east, and in s few hcure-yra found oureelves in a most terrific gale? "of Wind. " As it was blowing my way, I scudded with the wind for forty-eight hours, my latt • observations as our noon position, giving lat. 783eg. 44mm. ncrtb, and long. 7deg, 37ann, west. How far beyond that we went:- ■ no man will ever know. My reckoning, was . • entirely lost. I had no idea where we were. The cold was intense, and great bergs loomed, np in all directions, the sea breaking . against them filled the air with thunder. In thomidst of this awe-inspiring scene I wag astcunded hy hearing the cry, 'Sail ho!' i '■ Sue was not more than three miles eway." She was a vessel of very old build, with a*" " high-poop deekj and she was under all plain^ sail going like a phantom, and scon disap peared. I beat to the southward for font . . days, fighting against head seas and through ice, when the sun came out, and I got eights to determine our position. Where do you suppose we were ?" " Where !" wa both asked, eagerly. " In lat. Slaeg. 57min. north, end long. lOdcg. 42mia. west. How far north of that we had been that we should have taken fenr days to beat back, is beyond me to guess." " What became of the strange ship ?" I asked. " I am coming to that. We went into wentcr-quarters in Morel Bay. In tbeoprieg we made excursions on sledges, and on one of these we found our phantom. As we rounded a point onGsf the men cried: 'Sail ho! There ehe is again 1' " And there was cur old acquaintance, still under all csil, but motionless. Seeing that. ~ she was fast ia the ice,! boarded her. Her rigging was sheathed in ice, and her entire appearance wa3 weird and alarming. I searched high and low over ber decks ccd in her cabins, bat found no signs of cither life or death. I was jaei corning away from her' cabin, filled with wonder and awe at the strange rencontre, when I saw, pinned to the cabin table with an old-fashioned dagger, a piece of paper, yellow with age, containing some faint writing in a strange language. Upon going ever it, on returning to my own ship, a Dutch sailer said it was in his tongue, but some of the wdnds were new out cfu£e. It read thus: "^Christinas, 1705 a.d. " This day we must leave the ship. We have been without food, eave one ptarmigan for two days. The ship is frozen fast in the ice, with all her sails set, and we are not strong enough to fori them. We must try to find land, where the savages may feed us or put us out cf our misery. Why did we ever seek for health in these frozen seas? It is—" Ana there the writing became illegible." "And did you you leave the old ship there ?" asked Fred. "No; we burnt her. She had been career ing over the deep long enough, freezing fast when winter came,and setloose in the spring, for G3 years. " And is this the strangest thing that ever happened in your experience at sea?" I asked. " Ye?, by far the strangest." "That beats the Young Pboenixhollow." said the first mate, going below. We were silent for a moment or two. Theu Simmy Seurles came rattling down from the marntop-mast head, crying "Here comets a breeze." Rj 9 