BK0ADBB1M> NEW YoIlK LETTER. Ten years ago while the late Charles Bradlaugh was fighting for Ms life ill L dii don linked with his name was that of Anne Besant who was painted as the scar let woman. Dragged in the mire from Wliitecliapel to Charing Cross there were no two names move foul than those of Charles Bradlaugh and Anne Besant. The church thundered at them both, and the civil law afforded them scant protection. They ■were like wolves or other troublesome ver min—things to be hunted down. Bradlaugh makes his way to Parliament only to find the doors closed against hiin. Cast baxjk upon the people they rise in their might j and bear him up on their shoulders to the Parliament House again. He forces his way into the hall, and by order of the Speaker he is dragged out like a felon and imprisoned in the Clock Tower. Years roll on, the scene is changed, death has claimed the people's champion, and the voice that thundered for the people's rights is hushed and still, but Charles Bradlaugh dead is a greater power in England to-day than when in the full power of bis manhood he thundered from the Tribune. But what of her who labored by his side for years? What of her who shared with him the most piti less storm of malignant vituperation and calumny that ever followed two human beings since the world began. Last week she landed on our shores, and never in my memory has any public person received a more generous recognition from the press. The work which she lias accomplished among the poor children of London and the ill-paid-working women of England will )>e her best monument when she has finished her course- She comes as the representa tive of Madam BJavatzky to attend the Theosopliical Convention. Of the belief of the Theosophists I have- read much, but know little, and stupid as it may seem I do not wish to know. But I know this, that there are many reputable and sensible people here and in Euro-pe who accept their doctrines as true. Perhaps I do not differ from them more than I do from a Soman Catholic or a Jew, so I say to them as Abraham said to Lot, " Let there be no strife between us, if thou wilt take the left hand then I will go to the right, or if thou wilt depart to the right hand then I will take the left." For several years past there has been an honest effort on the part of the most influ ential theatrical managers in all of our large cities to raise the character of the theatre to such a standard that the strict est churchman could reasonably take no exceptions to it. That this can be done is beyond all question. During the manage ment of the Madison Square by the Mallor ies clergymen and their families were nightly seen in the boxes, and later on at the same place Mr. Palmer has so catered to the public taste as to earn commendation from those who on principal were opposed to theatrical performances, and the same may be said of manager Edwin Kuowles of the Ainphion Academy in Brooklyn. "The Old Homestead," might have been played in a Presbyterian meeting house before John Knox and a congregation of Scotch Covenanters, and until Uncle Josh Whit eoinfoe began to dance it would never have occurred to them that they were looking on a profane show. Seeing that many of the best and most moral plays have also been the most profitable, it seems astonishing that there should be a class of managers who should seek a living by prostituting a noble profession which it should be their pride and glory to exalt. The corruption commenced years ago when we began to transplant poisonous French exotics to the American stage, and our people acquired a diseased appetite and a vitiated taste, which like the gamey flavor that delghts the palate of the gourmand is the loath some result of rotteness and decay. Fathers and mothers took their sons and daughters to weep over the woes of a French courtezan and in their hearts consented to a marriage fraught with the most ineffable ruin and disgrace. Dumas did much to demoralize us, but Sardou has ventured on heights that Dumasjnever dared to tread. In all my exper ence I never heard such general condemna tion of any play as folio wed the production of LaToscaby Fanny Davenport. As originally presented the piece was a shock that pro duced a most indignant protest from the public and the press; but, strange to relate, when a portion of the public understood that the piece was absolutely immoral and indecent they crowded the theatre for thirty nights, and the manager found a salve for his conscience in the golden eagles that filled his treasury. Then came the " Clemeneeau Case." The story is simple enough, and as originally produced here, not particularly harmful, but a Miss Sybil Johnson, who took the principal part at the Standard Theatre, thought she would give her patrons a treat, and in the model scene in the artist's studio, appeared in the costume of the Greek Slave, minus the chains. Before the audience had time to realize what they had seen the curtain had fallen, and the majority of them felt as if they had been fooling with one of Edison's electric motors. As soon as it was noised abroad that the piece was so indecent that it was liable to be suppressed by the authorities, all the gamblers, roues and bald-headed old sinners in town rushed to see it. Boston very pro perly sat down on it, and now I believe it is barnstorming in the west, running the gauntlet between unpaid hotel bills and police court war rants with fair chances of the workhouse or the j)enitentiary. Two weeks ago, at the Union Square, a piece was produced with, the suggestive title of " Thou Shalt Sot." " Whaf s in a name?" said Shakespeare. There was a great deal in this name, and after the first night's performance there was a general procla mation through the press that the piece was oif color. Then came the rush. It was so shocking that a party of respect able citizens waited on the mayor and requested Mm to suppress it. He did so, and J. M. Hill, the manager, who was absent in the West at the time, heard of the character of the piece and had it taken at once off the stage. He closed his doors for the rest of the week, though the loss to him meant many thousands of dollars. Now comes the Norwegian Ibsen, with ghosts and Sodom, &c.; &c.; Bad, worse, worst—vile, viler, vilest. The pru rient indecency of Sardou and Dumas is veiled; if rotten within, it is decently clothed; it is bejewelled and perfumed and flowered, so that it is fair to the eye and dangerously pleasant to the sense. But Ibsen's dramas have no excuse for living: they should be strangled to death like venemous snakes or killed as savage beasts are killed on sigh*:. I ,i.bvays hav<> enter tained, and uaici-tiia is kill, a very high opinion of the No/>vegiais as a people; tiiev, with the Swede-i and Danes, are among the very best of all our emigration. Tli ?v are moral, healthy, clean, industrious, and altogether desirabl.'. But the speci men of their drama served up to us at the German theatre here is worse than any , thing we have yet seen in French or English. The general condemnation that has fol lowed the production of these vile plays, proves that there is some conscience and decency left among us, and is hopeful for a purer and a better drama which shall free | ua from native or imported abominations. But if there has been an earthquake in the theatres, the churches have not escaped and that grave and grand institution the Episcopal Church has had its peace of mind disturbed by grave rumblings which have threatened its discipline and seriously shaken its most sacred canons. It o-oes without saying- t)iat Dr. Rams ford and the Rev. Heber Newton are two of the most popular Episcopal clergymen in •New York. Each has his peculiarity, but so far both haw contrived to keep out of the meshes of the canon law. Dr. Rams ford has the capacity for work of about a dozen men, and is never tired of doing good. His congregation adores him, the poor of the parish worship hivi, and no wondtiv; for he labors for them night and day. He can not only preach a good sermon, but he can bring down a mallard duck 01 a quail at a hundred yards, hook a trout, or cleai a five-barred gate, as well as any professional in the land. In addition to his other accomplishments, he is said to be handy with the glove3 and the foils, and is indeed a most admirable christian gentleman, son* pr-ur et -sans reprochr-. Dr. Newton is of altogether a differ ent cast; a scholarly, dignified priest, having a high conception of his calling, and aii independence of thought which at times has brought him to the dangerous verge of spiritual condemnation. Dr. ise\v- i ton is a verv brilliant man. deeply read, and thoroughly swayed by his coiivictiuas. i No fear of personal consequences influence him for a moment,- for he has the temper that could have stood besides Servitus at j Geneva, or John Huss in the market place of Constance, and died without flinching if he imaged himself in the right- In the Lenten season just past they two priests have been guilty of a very serious crime. It appears they invited ministers of other denominations to address their congrega tions on various moral subjects. It is not pretended that the ministers so invited were not very good ministers, and that the sermons they delivered were not most excellent discourses; but they were not in the regular line of Apostolic succession, consequently they were heretics; and being heretics their place was among the here tical goats and not on the side of the Episcopal sheep. Bishop Potter was appealed to, and, although a most rigid churchman, it did not seem to him that any one was seriously hurt, and he let it severely alone. In this course he was sus tained by the great body of our city clergy, but this did not suit a few of the ancient fossils who don't believe with our colored brother Jasper down in Virginia, " Dat de sun do mow." A. few of these mischief making busybodies got up a petition to the bishop to investigate the contumacy of Doctors Rainsford and Newton. It was understood by every signer that the matter was strictly private and intended for no eyes but those of Bishop Potter. Instead of keeping the sacred promise of secrecy given to their brother churchmen, these worthy representatives of Annanias gave the whole thing to the New Torld World, and on the list were the names of dozens of clergymen who had not even seen the petition. No one imagines that Dr. Rains ford or the Rev. R. Heber Newton "will be hurt by the discovery. It was a scandalous affair all through, and can only reflect dis grace on the originators of the plot to humiliate two worthy clergymen. In all the low concert saloons and dis reputable places of amusement in this city is a burly looking individual called the Bouncer. His business is to get rid of disagreeable and troublesome customers, and he does it in the shortest possible way. He is generally a retired prize-fighter or a States prison graduate, his nose is a stand ing advertisement of the excellence of the liquors retailed at the bar where he is one of the most constant consumers. Theatres and hotels have their bouncers, but they are not known by that name. In these two lather positions they are recognized as officers of the law, and in the case of first class hotels like the Hoffman House they are worth several thousand per year. About the office, bar or cafe of the Hoffman may be seen at almost any hour of the day or night, a small sized, quiet, little gentle manly man, who appears to have no parti cular business. He moves about from place to place without any apparent motive, and from the manner in which he recognizes everybody, you conclude that he has a very general acquaintance; sud denly a low hist is heard from the office and the little man lias disappeared like a flash. A well-known crook handsomely dressed has entered the bar-room and ordered refreshments; instantly the little man is by his side, he whispers in the crook's ear, the crook turns and looks at him and says, " Oh, yes, certainly!" and strolls leisurely towards the 25th street door. He says ta-ta, and the little man said so long, and the scene is ended. There is no noise, no bluster, no blows, xt is merely the meeting of two gentlemen who understand each other, and that's alL Who is the little man ? Oh£I forgot to tell you that he is Billy Edwards, who twenty years ago was the champion, light weight of America, and who as long as he remained in the prize ring was never beaten by a man of his class. Oh, no, he don't fight now. He is the commissioner of peace for tlie Hoffman House. He numbers as his friends half the bankers and brokers in town, and is as nice a little gentleman as you would meet in a day'swalk. At the same time don't get drunk and raise a disturbance in Hoffman's when he is about. Why ? Well, no matter, but don't. Last week we had a new revelation in bouncers which has set the town talking. There is a certain Brother Merritt on the west side of the town who is a heavy weight on revivals. Brother Merritt is an under taker, and a pillar of strength, as well as beauty, in the Methodist Church. Brother Merritt conducted the Grant obsequies, and since that time has looked down with ineffable scorn on all mere common under takers. Some of the most brilliant articles in " The Casket and Shroud" are said to have emanated from his pen, and he is altogether a man of substance and parts. He is now conducting a revival on the west side, and while the ground is fallow the harvest has not been great. The hulk of the converts seem to turn up just before coffee and cakes are served in the basement of the church, and a nickel or a ten cent piece to get an eye opener in the morning is found more effectual in securing converts than an exhortation or a moral tract. Last week when the revival was at its height a man entered and disturbed the meeting. One of the deacons approached and re quested him to desist. The intruder gave the deacon to understand that if he would come out on the sidewalk he would do him in two shakes of a lamb's taiL The deacon did not go, but he had among the late ' converts a man of tried experience in the P.R. He took the deacon's place, ano in less time than it takes to tell the story the unconverted sinner lay on the sidewalk with both eyes in mourning, his nose broken, and one-half of his left ear gone, for the convert brother had chewed it off. If my memory serves me right Peter clipped off a fellow's ear in a scrimmage. I merely mention this to show that there is nothing new nnde!' the sun. We are pretty much the same as we were 2,000 years ago. Brother Merritt has had first-class order in his revival ever since. 