ENGLISH GOSSIP. (FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON, MARCH 20. The winter, unprecedented in its severity, has not left us without another cruel buffet. Last Monday week we were visited with a snow-storm such as has not been experienced since the famous "blizzard " of January, 1881. It was, indeed, an awful night. The Victoria steamboat, with the French mails, was 12 hours and a-half in making the passage between Dover and Calais. H.M.S. Monarch, engaged in laying the new telephone cable across the Channel, was all but lost. Our Northern and Western coasts were strewn with wrecks. Many railway trains were snowed up, and in some cases the passengers and engine- drivers suffered dreadfully from cold and exposure. Thou- sands of sheep perished on the Welsh hills. The snowstorm, with a few intervals, lasted from Monday evening to the small hours of Tuesday morning, and such a fall, it is said has never before been known in the month of March. One effect of this strange winter is the extra- ordinary scarcity of vegetables. Cabbages are hardly to be procured, and it takes four or five of them to make a respectable dish. The tiniest let- tuces fetch sixpence each, and radishes are a luxury for the wealthy. I have never seen Covent Garden market look so dismal and so empty at this time of year—in fact those whose souls soar above potatoes are almost entirely dependent on supplies fetched from such distant places as Jersey or the Azores. Evrly in the wiutor a dinner-party os°omblel at Ingostre Hall, the seat of tho Earl of Shrewsbury After dinoor tho conversation turnel on the por formuncoa of American trotting horans, and somo doubt vjs exurosssd whether un English horse could equal tlio=o performances in hnrnose oven if he wsro allowed lo gallop. At last it na3 rosolvod to test the epe«l of howo« in harness, and a match was artangel bolwosn the Karls of Shrowabury and Lonsdalo The conditions wete that they should raco for 20 miloä They wero to drive a single hc-rao for Itvo mi oa return with a pair, drive out igain over the samo course with a four-m hand team, and finish with a pair drivon postilion faahion. Tho bet was a trifling ono-only £100 t»ut the two noblotinn wont into the contest with the utmost spirit Lord Lonsdalo spent over £2000 in providing hinnalf with the speediest horses, the newest carriages, and th) light ?st nnd strongest harness Lord shrewsbury, too made most exlen Htve preparations. Each wa-i heatily bookod by hu fnonds, Lord Shrewsbury hoing tho favourite for the whole distanci, and Lord Lonsdale for that part of the race in which ho was to ride as a postilion. Moreover Lord Shrewsbury baclcid him- self for bo mo thousands to do the distance io undor 70 minute« and also in under 05 minutes while Lord Lonsdalo took 5 to 1 that he accomplished his task in less than an hour lu fine, it waa tho mest sporting m toh that I can remember and its verv novelty excited immense interest Th> timo and place wero kept almost entiroly secret It « as necessary to avoi 1 the possibility of pol ico interference an i tho asso ubhng of a largo crowd. Ilonce tbo "Up" wai only givon to some personal friends of the two noblemen, and to a vory low journalists-not 10 in all-of whom I was fortuna'elv ono. Accordingly, on Tuesday morn- ing last wook I tiok an oarly train to Holgate in Surrey, near which ltltletown thence was tocoraeoff over a fino alroich oi tho old Brighton-road. At RoigMto I found Lord Lousdalo with his po«tilion'a leathers on, and in noarlv all other respects attired read - for tho fra-. Ho had Bpocially trained for the match and to borrow lue own poetic language, wiB " as fit as a buok rat ' Hero too, wero Sir John Aatlop, Major Gandy (commonly called " Sugar Candy"), who is a great authority on h ireo flesh? and Mr. H. L Bockatt one of our most col > bratod "whipV Lord Lonsdalo's horses wore etanding ready harneasod in their stalls But whoro was Lord Shrewsbury ? Where waa Mr. Arthur Coventry, tho Jockey Club Btartar, who had been ohoson as referee? Lord Shrewsbury and tho referoo may well have imagined that the onowetorra of Monday night had i mod« the raco impoaiiblo ¡ but, in fact, th» enow rapidly molted at Beigate, and by mid-day the road was quite fit for the contest Telegrams to this effect only produced a peremptory decision from Mr. Arthur Coventry that tho match must bo postponed, IIo ought certainly to have seen the road with his own eyes before forming his judgment: and Lord, Lonsdalo, much nettlod, sont off an angry telegram complaining that ho lind not boen treated in a fair or sportsmanlike way. This roused L >rd Shrewsbury's anaor, and when Lord Lons- dalo refnsod to withdraw his complaint, Lord Shrewsbury paid forfoit, and so tbo rantoh carno to an ond. Probably ho was not very sorry to cry off. Lady Shrowebury had been doing all abo could to stop tho match, and with good reason. To drive 20 miles at full gallop is an oxploit by no means free from danger. Uowovor, Lord Lonsdalo, having gono .to grant expense, and wishing not to disappoint his frionds, determined to drivo the 20 miles by himself against time. Accordingly I paid a socond visit to Iteiga'.o the next day, and saw a vory remarkable perform- ance» The centre of tho road wa» quito froo from snow, and it was too wot to ho hoavy going. Fow people had come from London, because fow pooplo knew the timo and place, but a considerable crowd of rustios and couutry gontlofolk had nssoniblod. Punctually at the appointed time Lord Lonsdale appeared in a 6inglo-horso American-built buggy. IIo was driving a thorough-brod horse, called VVar Paint This horse is by Uncas, n son of tho colo brate! sire Hermit, and has been iu training all tbo wiBter.as a hurdle raojr. Ia fact, War Paint had only boen twice before in harness, and I confess that I should not have liked tho task of driving him. Lord Lonsdalo, who wore biuo spectacles Io protect his oyos from sp nshos, and the glare of tho snow, npproachod tho finja which marked the starting point at a gradually aoce'orated paco, and as ho'passod the flags,put War Paint to his full speed. Here an a-oldent had nearly stopped the race at the beginning, for War Paint awishod his tail over ono rein, and thii caused him to swerve dangorously. However, Lord Lonsdale jerked tho rein out again vory dexterously, and bo and War Paint and tho buggy were out of a sight in a few moments. Mr. Wells, the proprietor of that sporting and aristocratic rosort known as "Tbo Pelican Oub," had provided an excellent lundi, with abundant champagne and some wonderful brown sherry. When wo bad disoussed it watohos began to bo fingered, and impatient glances woro cast on tbo dist»nt road w'"oro Lord Lonsdale wonld prosoatly npi oar driving back a pair. This consisted of two Aiorican trotters, who seemed to bo nearly, if not quito, thotouthbrod, Abiut a li mid rod yards behind tho starting lings a four-in-hand team was waiting ready for tho third journey. I havo norer seen a moro beautiful teim in harnoss. Tho loader» were thorouçhbred chot-tuuts, the noar wboelor a thoroughnrod brown gelding, and tbo off wheolor a three-parts bro! boy golding. Tboy woro harnessed to a light char-à-banc, with a lofty driving-soat By this time Lord Lnnsdalo's pluok ami energy had so impressed us all that wo should bave folt it as a personal wrong if he did not com- plote his task within the hour. » Shortly bolero the minute hands of onr wajohes pointed to tho half-hour a mighty shout was hoa'd in tho distance, and then Lord Lonsda'o came into sight. Ita was leaning forward, and plying whip and reins just ae a jockey does wbon finishing a roco on the flat Tho two Amorican horsos flow over tho ground at a wild gallop ; his lordship's face was completely coated with mud, and tho groom by his sida might hato boen mistaken for a heap of road swooping». Puiling up tho excito! pnr with tomo difiicnliy by tho sido ol' the c/iar-d-banc, Lord Lonsdalo instantly clamborcd up to the box-soat His groom got the team moving, and a yard or two bofore the flags Lord Lonsdale took tbo reins. lie had not timo to gather thom proporly into his loft hand, but holding the loaders' reine in ono hand and the whoolers' in tho other, bo started the team off at full gallop. It was a suporb bit of coachmanship, for notwith- standing tho hurry, every horse felt tbo col ar at tho same monent, and was moving at the same ?peed as tho rost. Thoro was another intorval of waiting, and thoa another great sbont was raiso.l. This timo Lord Lonsdalo appeared riding as a pos- tilion, and again finished' iu truo jockey fashion. Thoro was a rush for the timekeeper, who, amid loud ohecrinx, announced t»at th* 20 milai had been complolod in 50 minutes 55 4-5 seconds, I do not know whether you have any properly authenticated driving rocords in Australia. Wo huvo none hero that could bo u'od for purposes of conpariton; but it is agréai oi all hands thut a most remarkable feat has boen performed. Moreover, tho timo ought to havo boon about 2 minutes lo", for War Paint, who in his trial had dono the five milos in under 12 minutes, was twioo stopped, eneo by a brewer's dray, and once by a horseman with an unruly steol. This being uudorstoid, I now givo tbo exaot times of every part of the race, which wore as follow :-Singlo horse, 13 minutes. 391-5 seconds ; chungo to pair, S seconds ; pair, 12 minnies 51 2-5 soconds; change to four-in hand, SO 3-5 seconds ; cbntrge to postilion pair, 40 2-5 »econds; postilioafair, ISminutes 55 4-5 socoode. Lord Lonsdale looked rather palo and exhausted when the race was over, but eoon recovered himself, and was the merriot of tbo company at a large lunch-on pirty which assembled at lleigat's later m the afternoon, A day or two ago I was taken ovor tho Naval Exhibition by Cnptain Jephson, R.N., who is the secretary to the cnmrnlttoe. This exhibition, which will bo openod on tho 1st of May, promises to bo the most interesting that has been seen in London for some years. It occupies about 20 aoros of ground near Chelsea Hospital. Probably tho most inter- esting exhibit will bo a full-siz-d model of tho lower deck of the Victory. On ono side thoro will bo tbo moss- tables, hammocks, and othor things just as in Nslson'e time, and on the othor, tho .deck will bo cleared for action as at Trafalgar, and the sailors and marines in attendance will bo in tho dress of that dar. Bolow in the cockpit, the scsno of Nelson's death will be roprosonttd hy wax figuras medellod by Madame Tussaud's successors. In modelling tho faco of the dyiog Admiral a mask will bo unod, aciually taken from his faco after doath. Then thoro will bo a pano- rama of tho hattlo of Trafalgir as soon from tho qunrterdoek of tho Victory. In a largo lake in tho grounds there will be mimio encounters betwoon models of ironcla Is who will ongigo each other, and be attacked by torpedoes. in another part of the grounds the maio dock of a modern oruisor will bo shown with it» quick-llrine guns, machins-guns, and torpodo apparatus. Tho rolles shown will be very numerous and will include Captain Conk's quad rait (a moat unwieldy instrument), and numerous relics obtained by tho Franki vn s»arch expeditions. Hor Majesty will also »how the two sllvor models of ships whioh were nor Jubilee present from tho Royal Navy. Thesu ara oxcoodingly beautiful works, and, though on a small sealo, thoy aro so uowrato that not uvon a bnoliot is missing. After they had boon given to tbo Queen it was discovered that somo of the old Kings of England used to have a silver model of a Bhip on the tahle hoforo thom whenover thev dined, a' a k;ndof ouib'oniof Ihoirsovereignty of the seas. Tho Q/icon wai «really pleaicd when she heard this, and im«o own silver models mounted as a dinnor-tablo centre- piece. On no other aubjeotdoes Mr. Glndstonä show the inhorent Conservatism of his mind moro olenrly than when ha, speaks or writes about Homer. To him Homer h an iuteiieoly real person. Homor remains to Sir. Gladstone, as to Milton, Blind Molesigene«, thence Homer collei, Whoso poem Phcobus challenged for his own. Mr. Gladstone thus brushes cirolesily aside all theories about tho " Iliad" and the " OdrSBoy " bsing a colleotion of opio ballads by different authors whioh have boon imporfeotly pieced together. Ho considers that there is a unity of purpose and de- sign running through both pooms whioh marks them ob the work of oao man, This boinj so, ho regards Homer at bolng his own be>t interpreter, and eontomptucvuly rejects all modern rose>arohoi in raytholozy, othnologv, nnl philology whore t«oy ran counter lo tho cmolusions which >»bb derivable from nomor's own toxt This text Mr. Gladstone has Bt'idied with tho most minuta and loriug caro throuehnit bia whole lifo; and though his views are seldom-one may almost say, never-thoeo of the most distinguished Greek scholars and aroHoeologlsts in Englind an! Germanr, the oxt-msivo range of his knowlolge renders the exposition of thon always iuUrosting, Last Satur Jay night 'ho dolivorod to the li on hoys a leoturo on " Homor," which moy bo described as intensely GlaJsconian. Probably tho younger raaitere. fresh from their studies al Oxford and Cambridge, beard him with amazement-, buttha lecture was no bad lesson for the boys, who learned1 -many of thom, perhaps, for lho first time" -that it was posiibl» to gain soch a passionato lovo of Greek litera'ure at school as wonld endurs through a long life Incidentally Mr. Gladstone mentioned his favourite pas»{rgo in Homer. This occurs at the beginning of th* 20th book of tho '.OdysBoy." Penelope has boon dreaming of her long-lost h'u-band. and prays Arteir/s, the holy goddess, tho daughter of Zone, to piorc/j her bosom with an arrow and take her life tt'Jai her, in ordor that with the imago of Odysseus tattoo her eyefl eho may go beneath the haloful earth, and never picoso her fanoy with tho thought of a moaner mau. Wbon a certain school bigin to talk about art having no connection with morality-a porfoctly true remark when properly understood-you know «hat they moan-thoy aro about to oxcuso so m o naslinoss. This seems the object of tbo Inde- pendent Thoatro Society. Tho ladies and gontlomon forming this association produce plays at a theatre . lo which only subscribers* ara admitted. Thus thoy imagine that thoy are I roo from lhe Lord Ohnmborlain's jurisdiction, anil can produco plays which ho certainly would not lioenso. Last Sjlu'r day thoy produced Ibsen's play, "Ttio Ghosts"' Of this play Mr, Grain, the manager of the Independent Theatre writes thus:-"Much," ho says, "has boon done in specoh and writing to misinterpret my iutontions, to acouso mo of a craving for tho ugly. But lot mo assure evory ono that I havo b>it ono aim-to serve Art, to show tho budding dramatists)'bow powerful plays oan be evolved by tho simploit moana. My programnio will plead my cause, and í" hopo it will bo conviaciug that I worship, abovo all, the beautiful and tho artistic, 'Ghosts,' I may add, is not beautiful-in the ordinary sense-but it is artistic, beoauso it is a powerful play, written in human language, because it íb as simple* as a tragedy of the Drooka." Now, to comparo " The Ghosts " with a Greok trazody is to me a shocking abuss of language. Of course the ploys of -¿Eschylus, Sophocle», and Euripides wero, for the most part, founded on horriblo crimes, but the |or-ons in these plays bolongod to mythology, and we do not think of thom as of ourselves. Thus we aro not honifiod or dis- gusted whon a Val tuco gnaws at the livor of fromotheus, whon Agamomnon prepares to sacrifice h'S daughters, or whon Med-a murders her children. Tbo stories havo no ethical mon can thotofow onjoyihe tublimo poetry in which ,tbev are told. But it ia obviously otherwise wheo tho porsócs of a play bolong to a middle-class household of the present time. Then, indeed, art and morality may still belong to sepárale pianos of thought and feolUg ; but wo must perceivo tint this is so, nnd not find the art indietiuguishablv mixed up with and loBt in loalhsomo details of -sin anil disease The title of " The Ghosts .' is thus explalnod io a speech uttered by the, lieroino :-" Ghosts ! wUcn I heard Regina and Oswald in thoro I seemed to see ghosts boforo mo. I olmoit think wo'ro all of us ghosts, Pastor Mandors, it's only what wa have inherited from our fathers and mothers that ' walks ' in tis. It's all sorts of doad ideas and lif'leES old botiefs, and so forth. Thoy have no vitality, but thoy cling to us all tho Barns, and wo can't got rid of them. Whenever I tike up a newspaper I scent to see ghosts gliding botwoon tho Iino=. Tocro must bo ghosts all tho country ovor, as thick as tho sand of tho sea. And then wo ato, one and all, so pitifnlly afraid of the light !" Now this, though, the metaphor is aa old as Virgil, is a finn pasiago. but when the central idoa of it is worked out in tho play, no ordinary paraon will feed any other emotion than snoar disgust Without oxi'oplion the papers have fiercely blamed the production of snob a play, and even the most pious Ibsenitos seom to have been rathor shockod nt it Cortainly wo shall nover again seo " The Ghosts " in England. Australians aro just now muoh cn evidence here. Mr. F. Wilkinson is roping in the Oxford boat, and Mr. E. W. Loid and Mr. W. Lindale in the Cambridgo boat Mr. S. M. J. Woods has b«on playing as an " international " forward-and to bo an " international " is tho height of a football player's ambilion-in the Rugby matches against Scotland and Ireland. Madame Melba, whoBe technical skill, I bear, has boon much dsvolopod, is about to renew hor triumphs at the Rayai Italian opera. And, lastly, Mr. Haddon OhamberB'ai,play,..e'(TJio«Id!or attractive at' Sf."Jamoi's Theatre-' that seatB may be bookod for a month in advance. After many years the Quoan's taste for thea- trical performance Booms to havo been suddonly revived. Last week Sir Arthur Sullivan and Mr. W, S. Gilbert's opera, "Tho Gondoliora," was per'ormed boforo her at "Windsor Oastle. Tho ohoice was rather singular, for throughout tho opera fun is mado of the ways of kings and queens and courts. To-morrow the Garriok company go down to Windsor to perform "APairof .-peolao'es." On Monday Hor Mnjosty loavos for the Riviera. Sho will croa* to Cherbourg in tho royal yacht, sloap on board and thence travel in her own saloon carriage, without stopping till she reaches hor declination. She will stay at Grasse, a small town under the Mnritime Alps, which lios inland a few miles north of Cannes. I see that a writer in tho Daily News oomplains that Sam Weber's English is quito unliko the Cockney dialoot of lho present day, and that we no longer hear "v" put for "w,"and " w" for "v." This is quite trne, and indeed, during a somewhat long rosidence in London, I have only once hoard this peculiarity. On that oocasion a waiter at a restaurant told iao that tho joint wa« " roa«t weal," and I could havo blessed him for tbo words. But if this confusion between the two letters was as cininon as one would suppose after reading " Pickwick,'' it could hardly havo so com- pletely disippsarod. Indeed I doubt if it evor was a marked Cockney peculiarity. To this day in the Island of Thanot you will bear onciont marinnrs talk of a " wessel labouring wery heavily in the otUng," and when I was rooontlv staying in Roohostcr, wboro Dickens was boro. I hoard " w " UBed for " v " every tim» I went ont In short I believe that Dickana picked this particular Wellorism in Kent, and not in London. The other day I learned from an ominent zoologist a faot whioh was new to mo, anl may bo now to many of your readors. As evorybody knows, tho lines on a humaa hand differ in differ-mt indi- viduals, and ia such difference? the so- called eoienca of palmistry-in whioh maay people etill boliovo -is founded. Now, thoso differences become- les» and 'ess noticoablo as mau descends in the scale of civilisation. In monfcoys thoy disappear altogether -that is, all mnnkoys of tho sams Bpocios hayo exactly the same linen ia their bands, > 