CONCERNING METHODISM. METHODISM has been in the air for tlie Inst few weeks. The centenary of Wesley's death fell on the second of March and in town and country Methodists and non Methodists alike have been uniting to do honor to his memory and to glorify God in him. It is just possible that a little too much has been made of Wesley and not enough tf that God who raised him up, and called him, and qualified him for the great work which he accomplished. Men are nothing, Christ is all, and in all. Wesley was no doubt the greatest man of his own age, and one of the greatest men of any age. As a religious reformer he must rank with Moses, Paul, Luther and Knox. Yet like these men he hud many faults, and in the course of his life did many foolish and questionable things. The greatness of the man is manifest from the fact that his mistakes and imprudences are eclipsed and overshadowed by the earnestness of his purpose, the simplicity and purity of his life and his unselfish devotion to his mission. Wesley began with no intention of founding a separate ecclesiastical body. He was a clergyman of the Church of England, and was unwilling to separate from that communion. He simply desired to preach the gospel and to form his converts into societies for mutual edification and help. It was his wish that his followers should remain in connection with the Church of England and should go to the clergy of that church for the sacraments of the Lord's sapper and baptism. He was at first much opposed to laymen preaching, and even after he had yielded to that innovation, he was unwilling that they should either baptise or administer the communion. It was only slowly, reluctantly, impelled by the logic of events, that Wesley retreated from his original position, and before his death ordained ministers and permitted the administration of the sacraments. Even to the last he was opposed to separation from the Church, and would not call the communities he had formed churches, but societies. These circumstances show that there was a force behind Wesley impelling him onward to positions he was unwill mg to take i a hand was leadmj* him by a way he knew not, that in fact the finger of God was in the Methodist movement, and that by it God designed to save religion in England. Wesley himself did not fully understand the nature of the forces he had been instrumental in calling into existence, and had his life been still further prolonged even his great influence would have been powerless u> prevent the erection of Methodism into a separate and independent religious denomination. That one section of the Methodist Church should have been called by the name of Wesley is a circumstance which he himself would have deplored. He carefully avoided anything of the ind while he lived. There is a tendency of late to drop the word Wesleyan, and to use the word Methodist only. We rejoice in this and hope to see the day when the divided stream of Methodism will be reunited into a full, deep current, flowing far and wide through the earth, fertilizing its barrenness and making the desert rejoice and blossom as the rose. It has been said that the Methodism of to-day is not the Methodism of John Wesley. This is true in more senses than one. Methodism seems to some extent to-day, like Samson shorn of his strength. It appears to have lost to some extent its pristine vigor, and its rude manly strength. It is becoming cultured, and what it gains in culture it seems to have lost in efficiency. There appears to be a tendency to develop in the direction of eclesiasticism ; the service of the laity is in a greater or less degree discontinued, while the preachers in many cases affect priestly garb, and assume priestly authority. We are sure all this would have grieved the soul of John Wesley. We do not write this in a fault finding mood but with a sincere desire to see a revival of the old Methodist spirit. For such force and vigor as has marked our ofrn Christian career we are much indebted to Methodism. It was in connection with a Methodist revival that the flame of spiritual life in our own heart was first kindled. In our last issue is a report of the Bible Christian Conference. There forty ministers were giving God thanks for an addition of forty-nine members for the year, or a fraction over one addition per man. The Primitive Methodist Conference did not publish its increase, which was probably less than that of the Bible Christians, and for some years the parent body has not been much more than holding its own. No one will sny this is satisfactory. What is the remedy ? Mr. Gilmore struck the right key the other day when he prayed that all the Methodist Churches might be re- baptised with the spirit of John Wesley. John Wesley was, like Stephen, a good man, full of faith and of the Holy Ghost. In other words he was filled with the spirit of his Master : with a zeal which knew no abatement: a devotion which knew no limit ; and an unselfishness which made him willing to be nothing that Christ might be everything. This was no doubt the secret of Wesley's success. Let him that would be chief among you be your minister and he that would lie first let him be servant of all. If Methodism is to be saved, and if it is to save religion to-day, as it did a century ago, it must set itself to return to Wesley's attitude and to do for this generation what Wesley did for his. In other words it must consecrate itself with unselfish devotion to the regeneration, and elevation of humanity. There are signs that this spirit is not entirely absent in Methodism to-day, and tin forward movement is full of enco lrngeuient and hope. John Wesley's proposa's for the preservation of Methodism after his decease were in brief, (1) the renunciation of the self-seeking spirit, (2) absolute consecration to the work of God, (:]) preaching the old Methodist doctrines, and (4) practising the old Methodist discipline. If the Methodism of to-day is prepared to .ldopt the prescription of its founder, there needs no prophet to predict the permanence and fruitfulness oE this section of the Church Militant. 