GLILIFLITTQG FFLITOG* PERSONAL.—We take the following from the Christian Weekly of November 13:—The late Mr. W. H. Smith, M.P., First Lord of the Treasury, and leader of the House of Commons, was associated in his early days with the Methodist Church. Some still remember the family when they worshipped at Great Queen-Etreet and other West-End Chapels. His father was a stanch supporter of Methodism, and gave £1,000 towards the ereotion of Victoria Chapel, in St. John's Wood. It is said that Mr. W. H. Smith cherished a high esteem for the Church of his boyhood, and gave generous help to the Thanksgiving Fund. He was a Christian politician of unblemished integrity. —The Rev. P. R. C. Usher writes an interesting article on "Adelaide," viewed after thirty years' absence, in the oolumne of the Melbourne Spectator. He says that during that period it has been transformed, transfigured, and glorified. He speaks appreciatively of its pulpit talent, and thinks that here "there has been mure leisure for mental cultivation than in hurryingscurrying Melbourne." Mr. Usher also says " that it iE unchanged in its hospitality, which has long become proverbial." "Nobody could ever Bay," he adds, " that Adelaide was an uninviting place."—Tom (Mann, the great organizer and labour leader, preached in the Nuterove Wesleyan Methodist Chapel, St. Helens, on a recent Sunday, taking as his text Luke x- 35, 36. He said that the Church, as a body, had hitherto held aloof from the labour movement, but he maintained that it was a sacred duty of the Church to do all that was poEBible for the moral, physical, and spiritual improvement of the working classes. He said that religion and labour were inseparable, and that the bettering of the condition of the working classes was one of the most commendable duties of Christians, either individually or collectively. That both Mr. Mann and Mr. Tillet should obtain the ear of the Christian Churches, as they are now doing, iB matter for hope and rejoicing— The Rev. W. H. Fitchett, whose championship of Australia has brought him into literary prominence in London, is now on his way back in the Nord-Deutscher Lloyd's fine steamer Kaiser Wilhelm IL, which is timed to reach Melbourne on December 2J. The Melbourne Spectator Bays—"Mr. Fitchett has improved the shining hour during his stay in England by visiting the best educational establishments, and taking notes of the latest and best English methods. He also visited Scotland, and spent some time in Yorkshire, where he heard one of the Rev. E. H. Sudgen's 'old boys,' the Rev. Dinsdale Young, whom he describes as a magnificent preacher."— The Rev. A. EL Carne, who as Foreign Mission Deputation has visited many of our Circuits, finds it absolutely necessary, on account of duties pertaining to the Chairmanship of a district, which position he holds, to return almost at once to Samoa; he will, therefore close his work here on Thursday. November 26. CHAPEL OF REPARATION. —The good Nuns of St. Dominic's Priory, North Adelaide, are (says the Southern Cross) appealing to the Catholic community to assist them in the piouB work of erecting a Chapel for the perpetual adoration of our Lord in the blessed Sacrament. The foundation-stone of the Church of the Holy Ghost was laid by Archbishop Reynolds on Sunday, October 25. The Nuns have already spent about £8,000 on their property. North Adelaide, and the proposed additions will cost between £3,000 and £4,000. His Grace, who has long ardently desired the erection of a Church of Reparation in his Diocese, has written to the Rev. Mother Prioress cordially blessing the work and authorizing the appeal. [There is a reference to this matter elsewhere.—ED.] MITCHAM FEDERAL FAIR.—An effort to reduce the building debt on St. Michael's Schoolroom, Mitcham, which was erected last year at a cost of £1,100. is being made by the holding of a fair. Lady Bray oonducted the opening ceremony on Friday, in the presence of a very good audience. The dayschool was established nearly three yearsJago in small rented premises which were soon found inadequate for the increasing number of scholars, and it was to meet the growing demand that the present fine building was erected. In addition to the dayschool, the Sunday-school, as well as services and meetings are regularly held there. The present debt amounts to £485, but of this £85 has been promised by the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge, London, on condition that no legal liability remains at the expiry of four years. A brisk business was done on Friday, and as the fair will be continued to-day there is no doubt that a considerable reduction in the debt will be made. The Bijou Orchestra, under Mr. Allen, discoursed a number of operatic and other selections, and added much to the attractiveness of the gathering. The names of the stallholders are as follows:—Plain and fancy stalls, Mesdames Samwell, Morgan, HawkeB, and Fiveash ; flower stall, Mesdames Downes and Pile, and the Misses Hall (2); produce stall, Misses Thornber; refreshment stall, Misses Webb and Crowder; cake stall. Misses Wicksteed, Glen, and Robertson; advertisement stall. Misses Heath and Nicholson ; Eweet stall, Misses J. Kell and Lawrence; juvenile stall, Misses Thorpe (2) and A. Taylor; fairy well, Misses Farr and Law- 