Possibilitics of tile hSells. Bell-ringers ought to be able to give a change of bill at every pcrformance. It is curious to notice what a variety of changes \- can be run; on belle. Eight notes will give 40,320 diff rent messages, and ten notes 9,658.880. fhe changes whih may be wrung on twelve bells are 479,001,600, which, at the rate of two strokes a second, will take ninety-one years to ring. Another authosity says, upon the calculation of ringing 720 changes in an hour, it would tkoe an inces sant ringing of thirty-.even years to com plete 479,000,000. Foorteen bells, at the rate firet given, would take 16.575 years to aconmphsh the changes, ond upon twenty four bells the chan:lis could not he rung in less than 117,000 b!llions of years, and no concert company is likely to hold together for a " season "of that length. Speaking of the total depravity of human nature, bave you ever noticed that nothing makes a doctor so happy as to discover some new diseae ? Small Boy : " Thcre's one thing in the Bible Sis says she'd like to change." Minister: "lImlooeiblel What can it ,be, my young man ?" S. Small Boy : '"Her age, sir." "Axre you sura it was the spirit of Lind ley Murray who came at the medium's calI"' "Oh. yes, he said so himself. I said, 'I want the spirit of Lindley Murray,' and the ghost replied : 'I'm him.'" An electrician has invented a wonderful watch,that will tell a man when his note is coming-due. His watch would he a great deal more remarkable, as wellaes useful, if it would tell the men where to get the money to pay the note. Old gentleman (at his daughter's wed. ding): " My dear, I don't see how I am to get along without you." Bride : "Never mind, pa, Since the cero mony was performed my husband has con fessed that he hasn't enough saved to go to " housekeeping, so you may not lose me after Architect (displaying the plans) : "Here is the front elevation, with the cutside win .dow and circular gallery; this is the cast elevation, showing oriel tower," \- Teddy (enormously interested in the new house): "And where are the two mortgages pa said he was going to put on," Hotel Waiter: "A man is raising a die. turbance because he can't get his usual teat at the table." Manager: "Go in and propitiate him in asome way," SWaiter (in dining-roont) : " Here you! If you don't like the wa thires are done here, get out, or I'll prepitnae y:o pr?tLy - 