[continued from Satukdat's issue.] [NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] [all.rights BKSEn.veh.] FETTERS OF FIRE, BY COMPTON READE, Author of "Take Care Whom You Trust, "Uxdek Which King ?" "Habd LiXCs, ete-. CHAPTER X. Oil akd Water. The ' table d'hote ' of the Grand Hotel de Lyons bad just composed itself to bisque and Burgundy, when a.i Englishman entered hurriedly, glanced right and left, and demanded of the attendant Mercury where his seat might b£, adding that he had wired for a plaxio to be reserved. Mercury grimaced a little as in surprise, cudgelled his memory, and found it wanting, ' Over there,' he whispered, ' MonsieUr will find an excellent seat, ' There,' pointing to the further end of the table, ' by the young ladyvid de young gentlemans. Monsieur pairceif ? So.' . Monsieur glanced rapidly, and a pair of less as quickly followed his eye.^ In another half second he lauded his body in the vacant chair, and turning his head to his next door neighbour, ejaculated, ' Why, Charley Fitzhugh—to think of cannoning against you!' Charley flushed,shook hands, and muttered with the slight awkwardness of one taken aback, 'I must introduce my wife, Mr. Crucival.' ' Delighted,' said the squire, offering his hand aud adding, ' I was so sorry we missed you the day you came over to the court in the summer.' Mrs. Kate responded curtly, ' Oh, to be sure, we did drive over to your place, and a nasty, hot, dusty day we had.' The squire glanced at her inquiringly. The young woman was evidently not merely vulgar, her accent being that of Cockaigne, but brusque also. ' And how are you, Charley,' he asked. ' Oli,' interposed his wife sarca tically, ' don't ask him ? He's as well as can be expected under the circumstances.' Charley flushed a little. 'Mrs. Fitzhugh,' he muttered, ' is pleased to be sarcastic. The fact is I have done what everybody does, I suppose, once in this life-^-baCked the Wrong colour/ ; 1 Apropos«' 1 He's gambled away a thousand pounds,at [ Monte Carlo,' hissed Kate, 1 and it was my , money.1 The squire felt awkward. Evidently the | happy pair had a big bone to pick-, and a j third party eould scarcely Feel gratified at being asked to witness this unedifying process, more particularly in public,albeit, mercifully, the people round were mostly French and Italian. . ' So you've lost all that V he remarked m his pleasantest tone to Charley, who showed i every outward and visible sign of inWard dis pleasure. ^ gWn.je(j t)le y0Ung marl) 'I doubled, don't you see, and—' 'Save learnt a valuable lesson,' interrupted John Crucival, in a tone of half chaffy, half serious. ' Not he !' sneered Mrs. Kate, ' he wanted me to humbug my father, and raise more money to fling to those harpies at the tables.' The squire looked at her with an expres sion of surprise. Very plain features were, not improved by a viperish expression, nor was it- pleasant to contemplate the spectacle of a young wife thus accusing her husband to a total stranger. | ' I suppose the rapture of a honeymoon,' he replied, ' brought on a very aggravated attack of black or scurlet fever. Which was it, Charley?' ' Oh,' snapped Kate, flushing to the roots of her brown hair, ' it's no laughing matter. A thousand pounds would have—' * Bother ejaculated Charley, who could hardly keep his s°at for rage, ' there's plenty more where that came from.' ' Yes,'she retoited with a cynical laugh, ' but it is my father's, and will be mine.' 'Quite so,' muttered her husband defiantly, ' and if it hadn't been tied tightly on you, I think I may say, with truth, you would not have made a captive of me.' 'Ho calls himself a captive!' almost sobbed Kate, turning a pair of indignant eyes on the squire. ' A willing one, I am sure,' added that judicious gentleman, in the hope of pouring oil upon the troubled waters. ' I suppose you'are going homewards V 'Why, yes,' murmured Kate. 'We've spent our money, don't yrtu know !' What a picture of marriage ' a la mode !' Charley Fitzhugh worried, and in a dogged mood, quite dissonant to his old bright tem perament ; his wife ou the other hand BUf • charged with spite. 'That is very unfortunate,' was John Crucival's quiet reply. 'Very,' echoed Kate. 'But if young Benedicts' will gamble, and pick up strange acquaintances in strange places, why—' ' Upon my honour, that is too bad,' cried Charley, laying down his knife and fork, and assuming the air of a man brought to bay. ' I was fool enough to play—that I admit, though I should be fool over again, if I had the chance. But, as regards this further indictment, I deny it. I certainly did sit near some French ladies, and—' 1 Ladies !' interjected Kate with scorn. ' Their manners were at least equal to yours.' ' And their morals V inquired she, bitterly. ' Most proper for all you or I know. These people, squire, bowed to mo—that was all, whereupon my doar little wife invented a terrible drama of depravity with me fox the villain. Is that fair V Til tell you both.' ttjsponded John Crucival, thoroughly tired out, ' what is grossly unfair, and that is to make mo arbiter of your diflcreuces. I decline any such office. All I can say is, that if you are wise people you will kiss and lie friends again.' Kate pouted a dissentient 'moue.' Charley shrugged his shouldors. ' That,' added the squirs, ' is your affair not mine.' This exceeding barmecidal feast was fortunately now drawing to a close, and John Crucival looked intensely relieved. He had never passed a more awkward half-hour, or dined luxuriously in such unpleasant company. With the cigarettes Kate rose. She disliked tobacco about as much as most people abhor wrangling, so her retreat ended the fight. ' That's what comes of marrying money,' muttered Charley, contemptuously, as he watched the retiring figure of his gorgeously apparelled spouse. ' But,' pleaded John Crucival, 'you are in the wrcng here, my friend.' ' Well,' retorted Charley, ' and suppose I am ? Do you imagine that a woman who had no coin" to back her would carry on in such a fashion V ' Why not—if she was jealous and angry ? Besides, I thought your wife, Charley, was gone on you V ' So she was. So sho is. That's the worst of it. She would have taken the ugly drop of four figures like a lamb, but for those French girls. And yet, I give you my word, there was no harm. A little chaff—that was the best and the worst.' 'Then Charley,make it up. You've married the lady, and—' ' Have to take the consequences. Your advice would be ail very wise, but I can't tolerate this incessant jealousy. We hadn't been married a week before it broke out. ' What, so soon !' 'Well, it was this way. You may remember a prettyish sort of girl called Brocket.' The squire nodded, gravely. ' There was a little sort of flirtation,' con tinued Charley, 'some years ago between us. I was a boy, she was a girl, and it ended, naturally, in ' Best for you and best for me.' I was soiry, but the affair looked so utterly impossible, I thought it advisable to suppress my feelings, and—' 'To ignore hers,' suggested the squire. ' Quite so. There was no middle course. Well, after our marriage, Kate and I ran down to Dilford and put up at my uncle's. Our visit lasted but forty-eight hours, in which brief space we contrived to call at Crucival and see all my old friends. Some one—I wish I knew who the fiend was—told Kate too much. Worse still, wo passed that poor little thing, Lil, on our way to the court, and my silly old aunt, in a vain of mauvaise plaisauteric, alluded to her as my old flame. Kate had already remarked her «ood looks, so up went her temper like a rocket. In vain I protested. She snarled like a fury. At last I had to ask my uncle, I the rector, to assure her that I had given him a pledge, years ago, to stop that game of folly, and had religiously kept it.' 1 Aiid that pacified my lady V ' A little. But of eourseit's exceedingly unpleasant to bo tacked on to a jealous Woman, with an uncontrollable temper. It isn't as though I was madly in love with her. She is not, to be frank, the sort of woman, any man could hatch up a sentiment about. Lil Brocket now is different. She—' 1 Leave her alone,' said the squire in a tone bordering on sterness. Charley stared a little, ' Why,' he asked, ' do you think I did the wrong thing by that girl V ' I'd rather not discuss th*t problem,' re plied John Crucival. 1 Uerfatheris a friend of mine. Perhaps I need say no more. But, apropos of your own affairs, if I can be of any use to you, my young friend, command me.' ' I don't know how,' ' Wellj if ycsii are really returning home prematurely because of bad luck at the tables I can come to the rescue, on one condition however, that you steer clear of Monte Carlo.' 'You are very kind,squire,' cried Charley. 4 To tell the truth, that thou, was to have lasted anocher three months, but—' John Crucivai smiled. ' Don't say any more, my boy,' lu cried, 'but get your wife to give mo a cup of tea tete a tete, and perhaps I may be able to square the circle.' A gentleman of a more sensitive mental cuticle might have accepted this Quixotic proposition with some show of reserve. Hot so Charley Fitzhugh. lie loafed off to bil liards, leaving his young wife to in evening of solitude a deux with his friendly censor, the squire. It was late when ho returned to find his wife alone, and apparently in an abnormal condition of euphuism. 1 What a very nice gentleman 3\Ir. Crucival is,'she exclaimed; ' and how fond'lie is of you, dear !' ' Is ho V yawned Charley. 11 didn't know it.' ' He must be,' she replied, ' for he was,till this evening, a stranger to me, and I'm sure I did not go outof my way tocultivatehim,and yet, would you believe it, he has given us a wedding present ?' ' As how?' yawned Charley-. ' Guess-.' ' Fiiftr 1' 'More than fifty—more than a hundred. More than two, three, four hundred pounds.' ' Never a thou. Y * No. Nob that, but five hundred; and All in nice eircular notes- t'd save us trouble, as he sfti'd.1 ' He's the very noblest-hearted fellow I ever came across,' cried Charley, ' and I'll go and thank him myself.' ' That,' said she, ' is impossible. By now he must be half-way to Marseilles. But T must give you hi3 message.' Her husband yawn-H1.. ' Ho said it Was to be a peace-offering.' ' Did he 1 Woll, T don't want to quarrel, Kate.' ' Nor I, Charley,1 whimpered she. | And so over John Crucival's largesse they did kiss, but were they friends '? We shall CHAPTER XI. Nemesis. The squire; after {leaving Lilias, had at oricij given orders that his lusgage was to follow him, and left for London" ' The blow hit him hard—not, as it would have wounded another, in the direction of amour propre,' but rather because his fairy illusion had been dissipated, and ho felt like one who, having been a firm believer, ljas suddenly been chanced to scepticism. The ideal idol an imaginative brain had moulded with sucli inconsequent art was shattered. While his people were packing a bag in haste and the carriage was being put too, ho began a letter to Lady Manaton : 'Dearest Auntie,—I think 1 shall abandon Crucival altogether to y.->ur disposition, if you wilt consent to live "there and look after things. Tl\e place, certes, will know me no more. I have just passed -through the bitterest experience a tortured breast can writhe under in being repulsed by one—' At this point the carriage was announced, so he hastily crammed the unfinished epistle into his desk, and rushed forth from his ancient home, almost broken- hearted. He did not guess that Mr. Robinson hap pened to have a master-key to open every lock in his sanctum, or he would never have left- that confession in black and white behind him. An it was, his abrupt exodus having been reported to that limb or the law, ere ever he reached the Metropolis a careful investigation hud taken place of his small correspondence, his diary—containing more than one loving allusion to Lil, and tho counterfoil of his fclieqiie book, together with this tell-tale avowal. Need lc65 to relate that Mr. Robinson now fancied he had an absolutely free hand, nay more, that to delate Captain Allister to condign punishment could but gratify the 'sprctre injuria formes' of a rejected suitor, so he laid his plans accordingly and with all prompt i tude. True, there were certain details to be arranged before applying for a summons, and being a little apprehensive lest his bird should escape, he wired for a detcctive from Scotland Yard, whereby the culprit was placed under surveillance. As for that wretched Individual, when the tidings came of John Criicival'.s flight, his nervousness increased. He did not for a moment surmise that Lilias had dismissed her admirer, neither (lid tho young lady deem it necessary to inform him on tho subject. On the contrary; he attributed the squire's departure to information concerning himself, com eyed possibly per Robinson, possibly per the Baron. Guilt will ever raise ghosts to torment itself, and tho hideous presentiment of approaching evil haunted him to such an extent that he actually contemplated Ihedcsperateexpedient of making a dash for some such impossible region as Sierra Leone, with a few pounds at his disposal, and with that intent kissed Lilias, and strolled towards tho railway station. He had not, however, ndvaneed three dozen yards beyond his own gate when ho espied a stranger. Somehow it occurred to him that he had noticed that identical man, idling ou that identical spot the previous evening, but he passed him leisurely and with apparent unconcern. A few minutes afterwards he chanced to look back, and now that idle fellow had suddenly ceased his idling, and was following ih: his wake. It might mean nothing, so he marched into the bar of the Bishop Blaise Inn; drank a glass of beer, chatted with tho lan'dlady, and emerged. There was that same idler, and again when he turned towards the station, footsteps echoed behind him. He shivered involuntarily. What did this mean ? Bewildered, his heart beating, yet with the resolution of despair, he hurried on wards. A train to Teverley was overdue. He took a ticket, and as soon as the loco motive stopped, jumped into a crowded car riage, and made for tho farther corncr The idling fellow somehow did not trouble to ask for a ticket, but whispered to the guard, and took his seat in the same car riage, a passenger being moved to make room for him. This manoeuvre carried its own inference on the face of it; so Captain Allister, his face flushing, just before the train started? made a dash for the door, and regained the plat form'. Then he tore up his ticket and walked home, the detective still dogging his steps. Entering, he slammed the door in the man's face with such force as to - startle Lilias, who petulantly inquired what in tho world was tho matter ?' 'Simply this, girl,' cried the old sinner, the muscles of his face seeming to knot in his wild desperation, 'the game's up !' ' What do you mean ? Dear daddy, what has happened ?' Ho paused as one choking. It really looked as if words could not escape those livid, quivering lips. At last, with a mighty effort, he contrived to stammer. ' It's come to this. You and I must part company. Never mind what becomes of me, or where I goto. ' Sauvequi pout!' You must find a home somewhere at once, as governess, com panion, or something.' ' Why, daddy ?' ' Lil, the truth has to been confessed ; it has already been concealed too long. But,' speaking a trifle more calmly, ' I have kept it back both in kindness to you and from a feeling of unutterable shame. Now, you've got to hear it you'll despise me, but so it must be.' 1 Daddy—dear daddy, don't talk so ! Whatever happens I will not desert my daddy!' ' Ha ! Is that so ? Perhaps you might even now save him if you would. But—hold—first hear me. Afterwards, psrchance, you may think differently.' ' Never 1 Mother would reproach nje from lier tomb, were I to prove false.' ' Mother!' gasped the old man, shading his eyes. ' Poor mother ! Poor mother ! Lil, do you remember that vile workhouse V ' Yes, indeed ; I've only too much cause to do so. It was the workhouse robbed me of her sweet presence. Shall I ever forget those black niontlis of stifleririg, though I was only a child at the time !' Such clothes, such food, such people to herd with !' 'Yes, yes. And you recollect also, how, after a long absence, I returned all in a moment with money iii my hand, aye, and plenty of it ?' ' Daddy,' with solemn emphasis, 'who gave you that money V ' one, Lil. No one.' : ' Then how did you oome by it 1' i 1 John Crucival was accidentally thrown from his liorse, and—' 'John Crucival !—daddy, you horrify me:! W.i5 it his money V The old sinner faltered. Ho could not lopk tho child he had reared in the face. A glimpse of her pnre countcnance transfixed by horror, paiu, and downright : anger, appalled liim. With his gaze closely rivetted on the carpet, he proceeded in the lowv hol low tone of a villain from whom a confession is being wrung. : ' He lay insensible and alone in a country lane not- far from Stockton. I did not even recognise him. Had I done so I might have acted differently. As it was,I arrived on the spot by a coincidence simply miraculous. We were both of us hundreds of miles from home. I was starving and in rags ; yes, starving and mad. His cheque book actually lay on the ground before me. The temptation would have mastered a 'stronger mind than mine. It was his money saved us all; on his money you have been fed and clothed all these years, and—' * ' Do you tell uie he knows this V 'I could have told you—to the best of toy belief—a week ago, that he knew nothing, or lie would never have met me'so oordially. Others know, chat is certain. What nlonej' I have has been impounded: and a ,detebt;iye has been following ine ail this morning. Be sides, I have been identified, thanks to that bitter enemy of mine, Robinson.' . It was Eil's turn now to look stunned. ITer finloiir.loft lifer lit>3, ynt a sttange fire darted from two flashing eyes as she turned for u vrwiJ'npnt* nn Iwr ' And consciousas you were of all this, you tried your best to persuade me to trick that good and true gentleman ?' J "Trick,' lis echoed, contemptuously j 'I Vvished; if you ditln't citre to save ike) at lenfst to save yourself.' ' You asked me to be guilty of the pitiful deceit of playing with the affections of the man you had robbed. Thank Heaven, 1 was not so base!' ' What do you mean, girl ,' 'Simply that when Mr.- drucival. spoke of warriiigc, 1 told him it was impas sible.' .He started to his feet, his eye glaring wildly. ' Now I understand it all—the Philistines be upon thee, Samson ! Now it's clear as daylight why ;the squire left the court in such a . hurry. They didn't dare let slip the dogs of war so long as then' master to i'o eouplcfi witli that of jjill Brocket's daughter. It's all over—all over, and—' With a wrench he pulled the vinter's ten pound note out of bis pocket, and flung it <m the table before her exclaiming, 'The last shot in tho locker 1 Tako it, and save yourself,' But Lilias Brocket's ,bre»st tvas bursting frith a bitter sense of injury. She did not comprehend the mearing of his miserable words ; all she thought of was herself and her own shame and wrong. This it was which in a trice had hardened her soft nature and turned her against the man she had hitherto loved as a father. 'This money,' she said, and her words breathed the spirit of scathing rcorn, 'belongs neither to you nor to me,but"to Mr. Crucival. All we have, the very clothes on our backs, are his; and this at all events shall be restored to its rightful owner.' There was no 'daddy,' now, not a syllable of f)it_v, of love, of sympathy, or of sorrow for J hat being with an awe stricken face who sat in front of her. As if paralysed by the ciignity of innocent and injured virtue, the swept to her escritoire in the corner of the room, seriobled a line to the squire, inserted •-.Hi no:?, and turned to ask for his nrfflress, wiiile during the three minutes occupied by t iiis passionate scrawl, there were focussedon her a pair of lustreless, hopeless eyes. A crowd of memories in that brief space passed through tho worn, weary brain of tho broken man. He remphibered how lib had bi:oii«iit hvr ni:n'i6t\ with tho imant at- Ikt breast, ba. i: f;om China, how lira had sacrificed'his fortune for her sake, how^all these years lie had idolised this very child, who now in the hour of horror requited liiin with contempt. -And then he saw her countenance change from the sweet look of her mother (o the strong temper of his old comrade in arms, Bill Brocket, and a scene came back, ivhon the gallant soldier had thrashed a skunk for cheating at cards. Thore (it that uesk sat Bill's daughter, wearing Bill's ex pression when he detected the cheat. It all uprose in judgment against him, and when she coldly put this plain question, he could but shake his head in silenco. Then in a whisper so unearthly tkat it should have cani ioned hf-r, ho muttered. ' You'd better kei-p that ten pounds.' ' Do you take me for a thief ?' ohrilled she, avoiding his eVe: . . But he vouchsafed no response, save as she sailed out of the room to hold out his hand. The action signified farewell. It was the last warm pulsation of a poor sinner's heart. But again virtue, the virtue which had never been tempted, and had therefore never fallen, hardened her wholeself. With a gesture of contempt, she brushed past him, the letter in her hand, and hastily donning a cloak and hat, loft the old homo to hurry in her passion and pain to Mr. Robinson's office. The lawyer was within, and would be pleased to see Miss Brocket, who as a matter of fact intruded with a brusquerie rather foreign to her nature, and sans ceremonie at tacked him with : ' I want Mr. Crucival's address, if you please.' Mr. Robinsoii stared, her face being ab normally flushed, her eyes proternaturally radiant, but he bowed quite courteously, an I offered a chair, which in turn she de clined. ' Thought better of it.,'" was the notion that flashed across his braiu, and caused him to scrutinise her features rather rudely. Their perturbed expression rather seemed to bear out liis hypothesis. 'I want Mr. Orucival's address,' she re peated with somewhat unnecessary emphasis. The fact is 1 have a letter of importance to send to him, and—' 'Then,'interposed the lawyer deferentially enough, ' if you will pardon advice from one who knows Mr. Crucival's works and ways better .than most men, frankly, my dear young lady, I would not send it.' ' But, I must.' ' You say the letter is one of importance. In that case, I repeat, you mustn't.' 'Sir—you are unfair, but I will ask the Rcctor. He will not refuse so simple a re quest at such a moment.' Mr. Robinson smiled benignly. ' You may ask him, if you please, but I am quite sure he cannot oblige you. 1 could tell you an address, but the chances are the squire would have left it ere ever your letter arrived. However, not to beat about the bush, I will guarantee that he receives any and every letter you may entrust to me, and also at the earliest moment.' Lil looked puzzled rather than satisfied. \- 4 Can you not be mcc explicit ?' she pleaded pathetically. As explicit as you like. Mr. Crucival was last week at Lyons, then at Marseilles, and he wrote from the former place that he in tended to go on to Alexandria. This morn ing, however, I received a wire from Mar seilles, and there it i3,' handing the tele graphic messago across his desk. ' From Crucival, Marseilles, to Robinson, Dilford, England.—Cholera at Alexandria. Am leaving for Geneva. Address, Hotel des Berguen.' 'Then,'cried Lil, ' my letter could reach him at that address V Paidon, Miss Brocket. \our letter so you tell me, is one of urgency. It. would be a pity ioi* it to go astray, yet Z regard it as almost certain that the squire will not re main at Geneva. He is locomotion incarnate when ho takes his walks abroad.' ' I must risk it Surely letters would bo forwarded ?' ' No .such thing. He is too high up in tho clouds to safeguard his letters in anticipation. Besides, he has literally no correspondence, except with me, and I only write on dull business topics.' A tear dazzled the poor girl's eye and dropped on tho floor. That, for a second, melted the lawyer's heart of stone. ' I'll toll you what I'll do, Miss Brocket. Here—' ringing a bell, which was promptly answered—' bring me a telegraph form !' The clerk produced one as desired, and Mr. Robinson wrote i .' From liobinson; Dilfordv to Crucitfil, Hotel dos Bergnes; Geiieta:,—Letter.for .you froru Miss Brocket. Shall I forward it f . ' Kok-,' said he, after this missive was duly despatched, ' I perceh e, my dear young lady, that you are in trouble. Let me offer two pieces of sound advice. First, don't lose faith in John Crucival. Secondly, if at any moment, lean be of service to you, command me.' She had half-a-mind to speaks Something, notwithstanding—possibly, agitation—closed her lips, so she bowed and edged tcstfai-d? the door, which he, with an urbanity rather foreign to his nature, hurried to open. ' I will send you Mr. Crucival'i! reply,' he whispered, 1 and, I repeat, pray command me in any way, money cr otherwise !' If she had not at that instant felt hysterical theso last words would hare arrested her at tention. As it was, in a whirl of pain and fluster they quite escaped her ear, and her brain seemed to know nothing, as she turned her fade hoiiiewardsi Four long minutes ivoro occupied in wandering back to the lonely cottage, Where the better portion of her little life had been spent. It was a sweet sc- cluded spot, with a bank running down to the crystal Flondel river, and environed by fruit tree3. Her loving care had covered the walls with creepers and the porch with honeysuckle, Vvhlle tlie little patsh of garden seemed powdered with roses as you approached it from the distance. This poor little place, originally the home of a family of small yeomen, had been her humble nest, and aeetuod almost to bo part and parcelf of her self. Now fof the first time her eye fell upon it with loathing. It eeemed the emblem of forgery and fraud, and she felt that to rest beneath its eaves tfotild be to commit a sin. Better go fijith into tHe wide world and beg or drudge, Setter fiflll) perhaps die for who would believe that all these yeftf'S she had lived in blank ignorance of her'step father's hideous secret? She heard already tlie fiiigHtv tongue of the multitude - con demnine her as his accomplice 'dr parti cipating in the spoils ofsnJIUUmg- Uh, tor the wings of a dove to bear her ftway miles and miles from Dilford 1 With a btnlil thus surcharged with bitter UiotJL'htg she wiilktjd ^ltJwiy tip to the porch, The door Was lbblsed—ah iiriusiial. circum stance in the afternoon—but a latch-key gained her admission. All was silent, so no doubt Captain Allister had gone out. What a relief to be spared his presence I A relief, indeed 1—for as she entered the dining-room, tjlerp ptijthe floor la^ all iiii.lt tfrts inttl-tnl of the miserable siiirief arid by his side a bottie labelled ' Strychnine—poisoii.'' (To be Continutd.) 