IN THE EXHIBITION. " General " Booth had been announced to arrive in the bufiding at 8 o'clock; but It was a few minutes after 10 before he came on the platform. Shortly after 8 there ante fully 2000 people present, and the numberi increased as the timo rolled on. The hall was decorated with banners bearing welcoming devices. On one the inscription ran " To our God-given General we Render Our Unbounded Love and Loyalty." and similar mottoes were draped on the Bide gnllorios and on tbo walls. About 9.30 it was announced that the "General " had arrived at tho gatcsof tlie building, but it waslOo'clock beforo lie' came upon the platform. The first sight of his tall figure provoked yet another scene of extra ordinary enthusiasm, and it was fully ton minutes before his voice could bo heard. When silenoe had beon obtained and a hymn had been Bung the " General " stepped up to tho desk that had been fitted up at the front of the plat form, and, leaning in a restful attitude over it, delivered his first address in Melbourne. "Gonoral" Booth said: — Brother officers, comrades, Christian frionds, and friends of . ail descriptions, for somo friends it would be very difficult for me to describe nt all. To-night lias proved to me, if I had not been awaro of tho fact before, that tho Salvation Army has friends who are not actively enlisted in its ranks. For it is thus that I liavo interpreted the rccoption given to mo from the moment I stood upon the shores of Tasmania to tlio present time. The great welcome given to mo I tako as a welcome to tho Salvation Army, and it proves to me that in this city thoro are a large number of frionds outside tho borders of the army, and that tbesa numbers will be iucreascd as time rolls on- It would be hotter if I mado a statement before I commenced to speak, and tell you that 1 do not intend speaking at any length. I am sure that most of you must ho tired already— (No, no)— butif you are not I am. You will take into con- cidcraticn that I have been trave'lmg uuiisiim- onsly sinoe I left Hobnrt, and you will not ex pect too much from mo to-night. It will ha better, perhaps, if I make some sort of explana tion aB to why I am hero. I havo come out from the old country to further the great move ment we all have at heart, to advance that great scheme in the interests of that masses of which you havo all hoard. A great social scheme hud been launched in England, and if it could im carried to a successful issue it would be a fee greater blessing to tho human race than any one dreamt of. I havo beon termeU an enthusiastic dreamer by many people, and perhaps I am, but I am dreaming for tho well- faro and succor of humanity. "When I wns leaving England peoplo hnd said, "Tlio ' General ' has got the money and is off to Australia." 1 was certainly off to Australia nnd I have come here, but I have left the money bohind. Peoplo have asked me how it was. that I could leavo England when tho great social scheme required my presence to mould it into shape, and so much depended upon direc tion. 1 reply that I have started it in its humanising form, which would sot it poing On the very steamer that brought me here- and which carried such a load of red hot Sal vationists as had never been launched before in any Noah's ark, I wns handed a cablegram which jold mo that tlio city colonies wero jirospering, nnd being worked at a fewer rate of expenditure than had been expected- aud tho farm colonics wero prospering beyond expectation. If timo were not so far advanced I would liko to havo explained the beginnings of the Salvation social scheme- Tbat was not possiblo just at the moment, but I may tell you that the scheme is launched- and that I havo left the direction of it in tho hands of capable men and women. Tho scheme had. had many bitter opponents, but need 1 remind you of the enemies tlie army has had, and I havo had. Many people could see nothing in the Sal vation Army but its "general," aud a lot of vulgar people, but those were people who looked at it from too great a distance. If thoy came close enough they would seo that the army was not only powerful in working good, but- in inspiring Christian feeling. Aud now I will toll you what I have come here for. It required considerable effort for mc to get away, but I had promised to como. I had beon expected for a considorahlo time, and I am here. I think it is only right that you should seo your " general." 1 have como to share in your work, to help you in yonr schemes- to make better use of yon. To stir you up to still greater efforts for tlio salvation of souls. That is what I have como for, and may God bless you all. I havo como principally to see my own people. I love everybody, but I admit I love my own peoplo best. I love Australians, and God please that they may have open hearts and pockets. (Laughter.) I love poor sinners- hut again let me say I have been preaoliir.g salvation for 45 years, and I love my own peoplo best. About my peoplo Z am awaro there is 'consider able difference of opinion. Many people thought tiiey wore a questionable lot, nnd others regarded them as a set of fanatics. I do not understand that, because I understand fanatics to bo people who profess to have some revelations from Jehovah that do not square with the word ot God. I will not pay much attention to that. Holy men of old received iuspiration from tho divine spirit, and weremoved to a right life and to act in accordance witli tho teachings of Christ, and I believe that spirit has come down to us, and animates holy men of modern times. (Loud cheers.) Two thousand years ago tho Pentecost had fallen upon the world, and I bclicvo that it can fell upon the peoplo of Melhourno to-day. May God baptise you. I say to all who nie listening to rae that the only faith they could act upon was that coutained in tho Book of revealed religion If tho teachings of anyone did not square wkU that they must go by tho board. Perish all regulations that did not square with those recorded in tho Holy Book I say to you, you aro required to livo holy lives and whilst you are doing that I want to see yoi turn the world upside down, for assuredly the world is wrong sido up at present. If you want to drive sin away you must work, sing nnd pray You must live under the sliadow of tlio Holy Ghost, so that men should say they talked about things they did not understand. It had often been charged against the anny, that they wore enthusinsts, as if that were a crime. They were enthusiastic In pulhng men nnd women out of sin and makiu- them true and noble, nnd after the likeness of Jesus Christ. They were enthusiastic, aud thoy needed to be— there wero plenty of icebergs to keep people cool. When I hear my people called enthusiasts I welcome it. When I hear them called fools I know that those who enl) them so aro mostly foolish themselves, I have heard us called disturbeis of the peace I must admit that tho charge is true. Wo disturb false peaoe. Why should men and women livo in false seourity ? Why should not tho dangers before tliem be brought under their eyes. Whv should women live lives of shame - why should babes be brought into the world to die ; why should sin and misery and wickedness prevail, and tho eyes of their fellow men not be opened ? The Salvation Army has been mado tlie target to say a great many hard things about False notions havo been put about. Why were the objects of the army misunderstood, nnu false ideas circulated by the press I do not say the Australian, of course— nnd plat form ? It wns because people did not know the truth. Peoplo who run them dowu could not got close enough to see tho good work of the army. '1 he position of these people reminds mo of a story I heard some time ago of & minister. He wandered on to one of the West moreland moori and got caught in a mist la lie looked through tho mist ho saw 'what appeared to him to bo a gliost, and ho had thoughts of running away. He looked a little longer, however, aud decided to go oloso to the apparition. When ho got near ho found thnt it was his own brother. It was tiio somo with tlio Salvation Army. People looked at it through a mist. People lmd gbne so far as to say that they wero devils, but if they oamo olose thoy would find thnt they were- brothers and sisters. If they enme still closer they would kiss them and give them a £5 note- (Loud laughter.) When peoplo came to know- the Salvation Army, people who loved. Jesus, and wanted Him to love tli.-n they would help it with all their might. Although somo people thought thoy were devils, others thought they were angels. Both were wrong, and, as usual the truth lay somewhere between. I admit that there are black shoop amongst us, but in what body are there not renegades and traitors? Again I say to you that I havo come to see you; and your work, and to share it. I havo had. descriptions, but there is nothing like looking for yourself. I say to Salvationist officers, t j ,, X-0 save souls, nti<l get thorn con verted. I want you to understand that that is the busmoss of your lives, that that is wbat you are born for. These woro the instructions that wero given to tho officers, who were like tho officers of tlie French Revolu- . they were not suoccssful thoy wero guUotineu. I hope I shall not havo to gullotino anyone. (Laughter.) If they could not cach big fish they must catch little fish, and if thoy could not catch little ObIi lot them got sharkH- ( Laughter.) By and byo'I shall begin to under stand Australians. I begin to a littlo already- I will remind you ouco again that I havo coma to see you, and help you. I havo come so that you may see your General and your children may seo me. I havo com& so that we may all join hearts and hands, and help in the work oiT receiving fallen man. (Loud applause.) 