S f c m o t i a l C h u r c h A n n i ­ v e r s a r y . T he Cist annivereary of the Memorial Congregational Church, and the 7th anniversary of the present pastorate cf tb t church, were fittingly celebrated last evening. In the early p art of the evening a tea meeting was held, about 160 persons silting down to a sumptuous repast pro. vlded by Mr Newman Arnold, the tables being presided over by the ladits cf the congregation. After the tables had fcten cleared a public meeting was btld, &Dd; several addrerees given. There w« good attendance, and each speaker ceived tbe most careful attention. The Pastor (tbe Rev. G. W. Sharp) said as they published a manual every year there was no occasion at toe prescot time to give statistics of work or finances, and that meeting would be given up to word* of council. He would, however, like to There was generally a fair sprinkling of strangers in tho church, and the attempts which had been made to reach the artisan classes during the year hod been very successful. He was always very glad to see any stranger in his church, and to see bis congregation be attentive to strangers. Tbe Church should be mode to be as a home io them. Mr Lodge then gAve a short account of the history of tho church in which they were assembled. Be said it wss the oldest Congregational Church on Ibis side of the line, and therefore tho mother church of the colonies. It was founded by the R?v. F. Miller in tbe year 1632, and letters cf congratulation were afterwards sent by that church to Sydney and Launceston, and other places upon the foundation of churches there, The speaker paid a touching and grateful tribute to the memory of Mr Miller, and raid it was an interesting fact that the fl'st person who had been baptised by Mr Miller was still a member of tbe church, and bad bees so uninterruptedly since that day. In conclusion, be referred to the late Mr Scott, who, he said, bad been an active member since 1BS7, and whose lose they all felt. The Rev. George Clarke delivered a most Intereating address on " Tbe Present Outlook of tho Churches," in which he said that although cot advocating, or ia the least desiring, the amalgamation of all Churches, he thought they would become much more closely united, acd eot together in all matters connected with the social welfare of their people. Those Churches which were trusting to mere xilualtim to sustain’) their life were doomed before many years load passed. There must he more faith ia the ower of the Holy Ghost. He did not hink politics generally should be connected with a ebarph, but $he time was ast approaching when somefof the great social problems of the day would have to be considered by the churches. He referred especially to the labor question, and contrasted its aspect a t Homs with that in the colonies. The one true solution of this reat problem was th at men of all classas ust obtain the indwelling of the Holy pirit and live in love towards each other. ive them this and the world would bo ettor thau anything they could imagine. The Rev. J. W. Simmons gave some very nteresting incidents in connection with is recent visit to the Congregational onference in London, which |rcre greatly -The fter a short address by Mr ftleVerde the eeting was closed by tbe pronunciation ' tbe Doxology by the R*v. G. W. Sharp, 