AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE ROYAL. There was another good attendance at the Theatre Royal on Tuesday evening when "Shamus O'Brien" was successfully repeated, and will be presented for the last time this evening. On Thursday and Friday the dramatisation of " His Natural Life" will be Etapt-d, and on Saturday "The Miner's Right.'7 Albeht Hall. The inoduetiou of the latest work of the Norwegian dramatist Uenrik Ibsen for the first time in Australia attracted a large audience to the Albert Hall, carious doubtless to see what new sensation the author of " A Doll's House" had to present. The story of " Hedda Gaoler* bears the same stamp of individuality, the same fieedcm of expression, and presents the same glim reflex of life of Ibsen's other creations. Hedda, like Nora, is a diffi cult character to analyse. In her youth the lias talked upon prohibited subjects with men, and in one instance at least has received attentions which wero compromising. Married to a man she cares aotiiing for the soon tires of her humdrum existence, and returns from her wedding trip utterly wearied and dissatisfied with life. Her husband has been engaged during their six months' honeymoon in hunting up authorities for a book he is writing on the domestic indus tries of Brabant during the middle ages, and has enlivened the journey by talking everlast ingly of this history of civilisation. The young bnde who could stand this sort of thing on her honeymoon without feeling tired would be'more than human. The happy pair, to use a conventional term, return to a, house which has been purchased ana furnished solely en the prospect of George Tesman. the literary husband, securing a vacant professorship, on which security also the funds have been borrowed for their journeyings abroad. A visit from an old schoolmate of Hedda's follows on their return. Airs. Elvsted has left her husband's home for love of an eccentric genius, by name Ejlert Lovborg, over whom she has exercised a. salutary influence, raising him from the mire of profligacy into which another woman's inconstancy had forced him. Hedda Gabler longs to control the destinies and rule the fate of some human being, and she it was to whom Ejlert Lbvborg owed his fall, and the thought that his return to power is owing to another woman fills her with a malignancy and thirst for revenge that is positively diabolical. With subtle question ing she wrings the truth from her old school mate, with malicious cunning she forces her old love back into the intemperate life from which he has escaped, and when after a baccha nalian orgy she receives from her husband the manuscript of a book which is to make the name of Lovborg famous, and which in a moment of helpless intoxication he has lost, she finds the means for her revenge ready to her hand. Lovborg distracted by his loss, and maddened by his relapse into his lornier evil ways confides to Hedda his intention of irmVing an end of himrelf, and the with fiendish tnaquilityhandshimone of her own pistols and requests that it shall be done beautifully. On hearing afterwardl; of his death she exclaims "What a relief this is. A relief to know that is still possible for an act of voluntary courage to take place in this world. Something over which there falL> a glimmer of unintentional beauty.'' This is her comment on Lovborg's suicide when she fancies he has retired to his own chamber and shot himself through the breast, but when she discovers that the deed was done in the boudoir of a certain Miss Diana, a red-haired music-hall singer, and that the ball took effect in bis stomach, she views the situation with disgust, and exclaims, " Oh! what a curse of ridicule and of vulgarity hangs over everything that I merely touch." Finally finding that Judge Brack, a friend of the family and her would-be lover, knows that she .presented (he pistol to Lovborg which wrong! t her ruin and intends using that know ledge for hisown ends,tehe retires,for a moment from the family part, and with a farewell taunt to the estimable judge seizes the companion pistol to that which she presented to Lovborg, tires, and falls dead shot through the temple. Into the character of Hedda Gabler Miss Janet Achurch infused a weird and terrible per sonality, the unflinching oroeity of herrtvenge, revolting as it was, was depicted with a subtle ness and suppressed force that made a marked impression on her audience. Tnis drama has litne in it to enlighten the prevailing sombre ness of its subject, the interest is gradually worked op until the conclu&ion; of the third act, where it culminates in the ">™«'«"1 of I*iv borg and the burning of the precious manu script. In this scene Misa Achurch was at bet best, her facial expression as leaf by leaf sbe destroyed the life work of her old lover, was horribly realistic, while in the final scene vboe, trapped by the jodgey she prefers death to being subject to his desire and will, her acting was exceptionally powerful- Mr. Charrisgtan, as the erring genius, Ejtort 'Lovborg, had less to do than usual, but a-.-ted with considerably force when necessary, ?wd gave on the whole a highly creditable reading of the part. Mr, Herbert Fiemming was weU cast as George Teaman, a yoqng man of letters, and the husband of Hedda. Through out his acting' was natural and effective, and he added another proof of hie acknow ledged versatility in hie creation of this character. To Miss Alice May was entrusted tbeKmpenonation of Lovbonrs good genius, andit is only fair to say that she fully merited the confidence placed in her, and as Mrs. Ervsted was pl«aeing and artistic- Judso Brack was played by Mr. Harry Power, who ifi. evidently c^ffey-ing from a ml^ his incessant coughing though of - course un avoidable being peculiarly irritating and detracting from an otherwise meritorious performance. Mrs. liolton as Teaman's maiden Bttnt carried out her duties oouscientioibly, nnA Xti?p Laura. Stanley played a small part weU. The piece, considering the limited ac commodation at hand, was mounted well and ran smoothly from start to finish. His Excel lency the Governor and suite were present, and the viceregal patronage ban also been extended to this evening's performance, when Ibsen will be set aside and the favorite comedy drama "Still waters rundeep*' will be presented. Tlie occasion will be for the benefit of Mr. Herbert Klemming, whose frequent appearances in this city in a variety of characters, bag established him as a firm favorite with the theatre-going public, and as this is bis last appearance, in Adelaide previous to his departure tor England it is hoped that a tamper bouse will bo ac corded him. "Tkk Mikado." "The Mikado" was repeated at the Port Adelaide Town Hall on Tuesday evening by tbe Lj-ons'e Amateur Opera Company, before a very fair audience. Mr. W. Gtmn took tho place of Mr. W. S. Welboum a* The Mikado, and Miss White acted as Peep-Bo in place of Miss Robertson. Me Harry Teevarrah itril liaatly sustained the character of Ko-Ko. All the character* played their part- well. E-NTBBTAIKMEST AT FIXDOS. An entertainment was given in the Findon lecture-hall on Monday evening in aid of the piano fund. There was a good attendance and Mr. J. C. Keill presided. An eKoellent pro gramme was successfullycarried out by Messrs. G. T. Bleechmore, W. Philcox, Alf. Buahby, E. C. Francis, W. Jones, F. Cammell, and W. B. Hodge, encores being frequent. Mr. C. E. Francis gave a display of fancy dub-swinging and Mr. J. W. Channon presided at the piano. The performers were met at tbe Wood villa station and conducted to the hall in vehicles provided by Messrs. T. Fletcher, B. Holland, and G. Hammond. Thb Fabtinc Max. Felix Tanner is now on the 2Hth day of his 40 days and nights' fast, and is rapidly losing weight. His receptions are now becoming more numerously attended. CONCEBT AT THK PaBKSIDE ASYLUM. On Tuesday evening the members of the King William-road Literary Society, assisted by friends, gave a concert to the inmates of the Barkside Lunatic Asylum. Misses Bragg end Broad rendered the overture, after whim Mr. B. Hack recited "The inventor's wife," Miss Bowe gave a song in a finished style, and Mr. Winwood rendered the comic song, " English, you know." A duet followed by the Misses Bragg and Parkes, Mr. W. Rhodes bringing tbe first part to a close by singing " Fiddle and L" After the interval, during which refresh ments were handed round, Mr. Winwood sang ''You're a lucky man," Misses Bragg and Broad gave the duet, "To the woods/ and Miss Marshall sang "Way down the Swaaee River." Mr. Winwood then gave a short sketch ending with "Killaloe," and Mr. Leak gained an imperative encore for his rendering of ''The anchor's weighed," and in response sang "Mary of Argyle." Mr. Fischer sang ••Good company,-'and Mr. Hack recited " In the death pit." Another comic song from Me. Winwood, and the solo "Nora O'Neil, 1' from Miss Marsha", closed the programme. EnTEBTAINMENT AT HrKDNABSH. On Tuesday evening an entertainment was given in the Town Hail, Hindmarsh, in con nection with the local Young Men's Society. In the first part Miss Williams gave a piano forte selection, and Mr. A. E. P. West a recitation, and songs were contributed by Messrs. A. Vardon, Dixon, F. Vardon, and Mr*. E. C. Vardon. In the second part the fairy operetta "Cinderella 71 was performed. The principal characters were well represented by Misses BedneU, Brown, Hogarth, Wad ham, Carroll, K. Fiveash, B. MeUor, G. Five ash, Mrs. Carroll, Messrs. A. Vardon, E. BednaJ. J. Mellor, A. O. Thomas, and MeUor. Mrs. Carroll was the director, and Mrs. P. Rowell pianist. There was a good attendance. MrsicAL Ghost Illusion. This entertainment still seems to be an attraction in Hindley-street, being no at in its tixth week. 