THE RISING OP THE SIOUX. THOSE ladies and children who, at Dr. Carver's Wild West Exhibition, laugh at the antics of the Sioux Indians in the war-dance, have, fortunately, but little knowledge of the terrible scenes of which that ceremony is the precursor. The war of the West is a wild one indeed, and not one of the Bulgarian atrocities so eloquently and forcibly denounced by &J;*. Gladstone m bis attack upon the "unspeakable Turk" can equal in horror the cruelties perpetrated by the Sioux or Cheyennes when they are out on the war-path, pau&ed; and feathered for the foray. rememberiedj one doies an'jSu-iW Ixil^s *a fi XJwsuV or " Ohingechook," as described fa? Pennimore Cooper in the '* Last of the Mohicans." There are " Maguas " in plenty as vindictive, as savage, and as ruthless as that renegade chief of the Hurons, and it is no libel to Bay that the majority of the Indians now in arms against the Utiited States Government are of that order. For a correct idea of the Sioux, or the ComancheB, who are the Scourge of the Mexican frontier, one must rather consult the novels of Mayne Reid, who describes the " horse Indian" of the western prairies as a compound of thievery, treachery, canning, and cruelty almost unequalled in the world. They have a species of semi-civilisation amongst them, but it is merely the embodiment of all the vices that semicivilisation can graft on to the original stem of barbarity. Their chiefs are as proud of their " totems " as a knight of old was of his coat armour. There is an heraldic meaning in the tints and arrangements of their war-paint and in the rough paintings on the canvas of their tents. But there this likeness to the customs of chivalry ends. The Sioux Indians on the warpath spare neither age nor sex. They will dash out the br&ins; <jf a babe as readily as they will tomahawk and scalp a wounded trooper, and their desperate bravery—for brave they often are—is softened by no trait of mercy or compassion. The horrors of the Minnesota massacres daring the civil war between the Federals and the Confederates, when the old, the infirm, and the helpless were left at the mercy of these savages, are still fresh in the minds of many a frontier settler, and even here it is cot difficult to appreciate the terrible anxiety that must be felt among those who live " within hail" of these ferocious warriors, and whose crops have only been sown and reaped under the protection of the United States troops quartered in their vicinity. Of the small regular army kept up by " Uncle Sam," nearly the whole is occupied in keeping the Indians in order, and a desperate, trying service it is, a service in which a man carries his life in his hands almost every day of the year. It is not long since in Harper's Monthly journal was published a description of a campaign against these Indians, and particularly of a series of "actions," in one of which the wellknown General Custer and his regiment, the Seventh Cavalry, were drawn into a species of ambuscade and massacred to a man, only a scout managing to get off with his life. All the skill and courage of one of the best soldiers that the Academy of West Point ever turned out were unavailing, and the American War Department must, indeed, be grateful that the great warchief, Sitting Bull, who was the leadingspirit of that campaign, has fought his last fight, and can no longer trouble them. An interesting account of the powerful tribe of the Dacotahas, now called the Sioux, has also been writteW by Captain Charles King, of the United States Army, and from this otte can learn how this once powerful tribe gradually overrun the country west of the Mississipi, and conquered all the other tribes of the land, even as the Huns under Attila swept over the Roman Empire, until they were face to face with the hardy American frpntieramen, sometimes heated hack with i^reat slaughter, sometimes settling ddwniiito, apparent quiet; but always reiady for a raid, always cherishing' a hatred against the wMte man, and -neatly; always treacherous and cruel. Such neighbours, jinde^dt.-arernot pleasant, and reading of • tiiem one ceases , to wonder at the recklessness of huflnan life which is characteristic of the'Wild West. '' - • The -difficulties and dangers of the present situation may be' tnore x easily realised -when it is l reniiembered [ that there are in the United States more : than a quarter of a million of Indians! in what is called the Indian terntoi^,! or attached to the lndian agenc^ ahd,. some sixty-seven thousand outside or tax-paying Indians. There are. somesixty- six. ..agencies throughout; i the' States, and ib the yftar 188£ flktoe some ei* millibn don&B; trfeire ^fettM on tlicm m foOd^lottiil^^lfly, itf too Via «&fy; ^"imiiraDi- tion, In some districts schools were established, of which some of the younger Indians availed themselves ; but in a large number of cases those taught at these schools rejoined their fellows, imbued with just enough knowledge to make them all the more dangerous enemies. They had learned to read and write, to speak the white man's language ; but they had also learned the use of arms of precision, and to drink rum or whisky until their native savagery was maddened to a pitch of insane cruelty. It is true that much good was done by the Roman Catholic missionaries, who, since the first conquest of America, have ever stood between the Indians and the white men when white men were but too ready to forget that the original possessors of the soil had any rights whatever. The cruelties of the Conquestadores in Mexico and Peru are matters of history, and so are the devotion and energy of those who went out into the wilderness cross in hand, too often dying as martyrs, but still persevering in their holy work, and leaving behind them traces of religious civilisation which no tyranny or misgovernment have been have been equally devoted in the land of the Dacotah, and seed has been sown and good fruit reaped where there might have been bloodshed and rapine. It has grown fashionable among men of the world—the prophets of the despicable fin de siecle cant—to sneer at religion; but the best " Indianfighters," the men who face real danger while the " scoffer" sits safely in his seat, know well that whatever gentleness and good is to be found in the Indian is the result of the teachings of the devoted band of the " Knights of the Cross." Possibly if Fr. de Smet had lived a few years longer the Sioux rising would not have taken place. The danger of the present position, moreover, is intensified by the fact that there has arisen in connection with this particular outbreak a wave of fanaticism. The medicine men have come to the front with the promise of a local Mahdi, under whose leading the white men shall be swept back from the Indian country, and the land restored to its original owners. The Ghost dance, as it has been named, is danced through- out the reservation, and more than one chief has replied to the remonstrances of the United States officers—" My young men are dancing the Ghost dance, and they will go on dancing it." This amounts to an open defiance, and the most experienced frontier officers say that it will require nearly 100,000 men to reduce the Sioux to subjection once more, and even then they may rise again at the first convenient opportunity. The demons of plunder and bloodthirstiness are ever at work among them, and cannot be laid to rest. They are taught, moreover, by their medicine men and chiefs that the United States Government has from time to time broken faith with them. They see that their reservations are constantly being curtailed in area to make way for advancing settlement, and the more desperate spirits among them can see no good thing in the future but the luxury of .revenge and slaughter. The problem of how to deal with such men is, Indeed, a difficult one. The latest intelligence is to the jsgeflMfeatf the United Statea-troopi'Tiave received a " check," and the Indian fighter knows what that means. Already the word "extermination" has been breathed, and if that policy is to be earned oat onjr V cousins " in America hfive indeed * infter day to look forward to, for: such aten as the Sioux die hard, attd many A white warrior will "go to the shades " with them ere the war drum is silenced. Let us, hope that such an epd may lie averted, and the hiutc^ of ^jnerican 8oldjj?r^ left unstuMd jnth .^ie biood of 'ifemen and cbUdron. 