AUSTRALIAN CRITICS. The Hon. J. W. Fortescue on , Lord Jersey. . .v' The Hon. J. W. Fortescue writes to the Anti-Jacobin.: — " The severe criticisms passed oh the Australian colonies in various English magazines during the past year have ut length called forth a reply, or at any rata what purposes to be a reply, from Australia itself. The new champion of Australia is Lord Jersey, the Governor of New South Wales, and the weapon em ployed by hira is a speech delivered at Al- bury (the frontier town of his own Govern ment and Victoria), whereof a very full telegraphic report appeared in tho Times of September 16. As a new loan of £4,500,000 was floated by the Government of New South Wales only two days later, it is not unreasonable to concludo that the . main object, not of the delivery but of the trans mission of this speech to England, was to reassure the British public us to the general soundness of the colony's position. Nor can it he denied that tho colonies, if they think thoir credit unjustly questioned aud their character undeservedly impugned, have every right to take measures to justify themselves ut such a moment iu the eyes of the British investor. "Nevertheless I vonture to think that the means employed in this particular instance were not very happily chosen. The Governor of a constitutional colony is not an inde pendent functionary ; nor has he (I do not speak without experience) exceptional facili ties for judging correctly of tho condition of the colony over which he presides. He must tako what information his Ministers and the local press .choose to allow him ; for if ho tries to tine out too much he runs the risk of being charged with unconstitu tional prying. Further, whatever his real opinions, a Governor's tongue is virtually tied except for the purposes of laudation of his own colony. Loyalty to his Ministers and the exigencies of his social position make this imperative. Itmay be worth while torocull, for instance, the fact that, after the surplus given in the Victorian budget of 18S9 had been shown by tho press aud admitted by the Government to ho fictitious, the state- mout showing that false surplus was none the less' countersigned by their Governor, acting on the advice of his responsible Ministers, and was presented to both Houses of our Parliament by command of Her Majesty as though it'were genuine. "Meanwhile, we may in the present case be perfectly sure that Lord Jorsey spoke with the fullest confidence in the accuracy of hi3 own utterances, and with none but the strictly honorable motive of defending tho country witli which he is at present identified from attacks on its moral and financial reputation which he really con siders to be unwarranted. Even so he, a new arrival, 'with small experience ot the colonics and hampered by the ties of his constitutional position, is not the man who should have been put forward as tho champiori of Australia. He begins his defence of the colonies with tho statement that Australia 'has become the happy hunting-ground of the scribbling globe- trotter. ' Australia was just such a hunting- ground for many ycarB before Lord Jersey became an Australian Governor, bat so Ion" as the 'scribbling globe-trotter' confined himself, to glowing eulogy of the colonics no fault was iound with him. Of the four un favorable critics of tho colonies whoBe writings have received most attention in Australia, ond are most resented by Lord Jersey, one wub a resident in the Antipodes for seven years, two for four years, while the fourth travelled about the Australian colonies for two years. I have not ut lmud tho means of fixing the exact date of Lord Jersey's arrival at Sydney, but it was cer tainly considerably less than a year ugo. While, therefore, giving him credit for as much ability as we may, it is impossible to admit that lie lias the advantago of his opponents iu the matter of colonial ex perience. " And, indeed, when wo come to examine his defence, we find that it consists mainly of a few vague generalities. He dismisses financial criticism, for instance, with a eonplo of sentoueos about Australian modesty, regard for justice, love of freedom, and regard for religious truth— phrases which anyone who knows tho colonies can hardly read witli a grave face. Let us by all means be just. Let us remember that Lord Jersey is a Governor, and therefore at a great disadvantage ; that he has only been in Australia for a few months, and that it is not his business to refute criticisms on tho colonies. But then we are hound to usk onco more why is such prominence given to his speech ? Why is it thought worth while to cable it in cxtenso to England two days before the floating of a new Australian Government loan? Special allegations liavo been made, both in Sydney and in England, that the finances of New South Wales are in a state of hopeless eon- fusion. Evidence in support of those alle gations has been given, nnd it has never been contradicted. "Now, either those statements are true or they are not. If they are untrue they should be refuted conclusively and at once. The colouics have plenty of instruments to thoir hand. They liavo accredited agents in thisoountry whose husinessit is to correct uny wrong or misleading assertions that may un justly prejudice tho colonies in the eyes of the British public. So far not an Agent- General has moved in tho present contro versy ; not ono has gone evon to the easy length of categorical (Tenial or contemptuous disclaimer. - If, on tho other hand, it. wero preferred that the vindioation of Australia should proceed from headquarters, thero is abundanco of Ministers of tho Crown whose speeches could be more detailed and more authorative, and would he, at least as easy of transmission to Euglund by cable. Wo have been favored with no such vindica tion. In lieu thereof we have a speech delivered after luncheon on a more or less festive occasion to a colonial audience, which the speaker probably never imagined would find its way to England. The said speaker has held for a fow months ouly the position of Governor, so that ho has his popularity still to gain ; ho has lived for a few months only in the colony, so that he has his experience yet to learn. But the ordinary British reader makes no allowance of this kind. Ho reasons thus : Lord Jersey is an English gentleman, and must therefore ho sincere ; he is Gover nor of New South Wales, and thorefore I10 must know all about it. While cordially subscribing to tho first of these propositions, I demur very strongly to the second ; and I have given my reasons why. In truth, it is questionable -whether the colonial practico of employing a Gover nor's public utterances as u btalking-horso whereby to approaoh that not over-shy bird, tho British invostor, benotopen to very strong objection. It is unfair to tho investor, and it is above all unfair to tho Governor him self. Supposo events should prove later on that tho unfavorable critics of New South Wales finance are right; that tho Bsid finance is in hopeless confusion ; that by sheer recklessness it ; has become worse confounded; and that' the colony - lias thereby been brought to nni extremely critical position. How will ' Lord Jersey feel then ? Yet he would npt be the fiiBt Governor that has been deceived. The lata Governor of Victoria had tho fullest confi dence in the prosperity of tbat colony, and not the ghost of an idea that the large sur pluses shown by his last Ministry had no existence in fact. The British investor has a right to expect somo more definite explana tion of tho financial vugaries laid to tho charge of tho Australian Governments, nnd he should not bo satisfied until ho has ob tained it." .. 