LONDON JOTTINGS. — -—A. — —————— Is anybody in this world utterly void of superstition ? I think not. Superstition is literally a dread of the future If there is such a thing as an Atheist, I dare be Bworn he too is sunerBtitious. And superstition is something more than a dread of the future, it is an unspoken, unacknow. leged, and perhaps unconscious homage to the occult. Death omens have been too well accredited to be sneered out of vitality. It is accepted without a doubt in Germany, that the White Lady of the Hohenzollerns appears to herald a death in the family. Many families in the Highlands of Scotland have special omens of figure, sign, or sound. It never occurs to them to doubt their reality. They do not question their why or where from. They accept them, that is all. The Royal family of Hawaii have a curious herald — a shoal of red-fish or alulua, in the harbour of Honolulu. When this shoal comes into harbour the natives know one of the Royal family has to go. The fatal fish appeared in immense numbers in January last, the nets were full to breaking, and the natives said " Our king is doomed." And so he was. Twenty days later, King naia&aua; urueoou mo vjiuul x/iviuu. x aotvcu uxi uiw occasion when going over Windsor Castle under particular circumstances, if there was no ghost belonging to any part of the building or story about a ghost, but I was assured that no one "walked" within the sacred precincts. It had been said that Anne Boleyn had been seen some years ago, and a tradition exists that misfortune always happens to the person who sees her, but there is no real live ghost in the whole historic pile. I remember being in a house in a far country many years ago, where the head of the family lay a-dying. We were all — six in number — in the room waiting the event. The servants, — three all told — stayed in a room adjoining. The house was in its own grounds, no trees grew close to it, and persons could easily be seen when approaching from any side. The night was clear and brilliant, and snow lay on the ground a foot deep. Suddenly the hall door bell rang violently, and one of the servants — a man — at once hurried down stairs to open the door. The tinkle of the bell had not ceased when he reached it, but on opening it no one was there, and there was no footmark in the snow, the steps were a white unbroken mass. He sliut the door hastily and returned up stairs, to find death had taken place. The family evinced no surprise. " A bell always rings before a death hero," they said. I remember a dog yelped as if in terror at the first sound of the bell — and ran into a corner and hid, trembling all over. In Alex andre Dumas' memoirs, a similar incident is given. He was a child when his father died. The night of his death, Alexandre, who" was asleep in his bed, was awoke by a loud knock at the door. It was an inner door, and the two outer doors were shut. He felt no fear, but got up and went towards the door. A cousin who was sleeping in the same room was greatly frightened and asked where he was going. " To open the door to Papa, who is coming to say good-bye," he replied. The cousin caught hold of him and forced him back to bed, he struggling and crying — " Good-bye, Papa, good-bye, Papa." " Something like a faint expiring breath passed over my forehead and calmed me, and I fell asleep." The next morning at daybreak word was brought that his father had died just as the knock waB heard. And talking of superstition, it is not generally known that church-lands are supposed to bring bad luck to their holders. In Ireland this is a matter of faith, and I could tell some strange corroborative facts connected with it. In England the superstition is confined to forfeited ecclesiastical lands, and Lord Beauchamp who has just died has revived it. It iB pointed out that although the peerage only dates from 1815, the late Earl was the seventh in succession. However, he was an earnest churchman, and had during his lifetime devoted to church purposes a sum far exceeding the value of the luckless landB he held, so it is to be hoped that he broke the spell. In Btrange contrast to this mortality of Earls, is the longevity in the Albemarle family. The present Earl of that name, is also the seventh in succession, but his honours have date from 1696. The launch of a great ship, like the birth of a son and heir, has a strange effect on those interested. I do not know any more thrilling sight thgn the slow, stately, proud glide of the vast structure from cradle-bands into the bosom of the sea — and this sight in double, the good folks at Portsmouth saw under exceptional auspices. My artist Bends two sketches of the event, both of which T give. In the first you see the royal arthur about to plunge. In the second, she has plunged. She has been baptized, and is now part and parcel of the greatest navy in the world. We all remember the Jubilee year and its grand Naval Review at Spithead, at which was displayed in all its strength and glory the naval force of England. 130 men-of-war were there gathered. Every description of naval architecture was there to be seen — for the show was retrospective in its character, as well as progressive. In this way it was grandly historic. But the Royal Sovereign and the Royal Arthur mark a new period in our naval records — some day they will do good service. The Duke of Connaught is the Queen's favourite son, so it is said — may the happy name of Arthur prove felicitous on sea. I hear the Queen is greatly distressed about the baccarat scandal, and that she " pitched into " the Prince of Wales, who it is stated, feels hiB position in the affair keenly. We shall soon hear all about it through the Law Courts. The death of mr. george kynoch, m.p. Conservative Member for Aston Manor was a not unexpected event he having been for the best part of a year confined to the house. The chief interest aroused by the name arises from the fact that at one time he was the largest manufacturer of ammunition in the world. Mr. Kynoch severed his connection with the Lion Ammunition Works in Birmingham in 1888, and since then has been much in the Transvaal, where he had large interests. In a curious little book which had great popularity, Gatet Ajar by Elizabeth P. Phipps, an American, the idea is dwelt on that we shall continue the occupations we follow here when we have passed through the " gates ajar," and a fanciful picture is given of some such employments in that far off lone land. But I rather think that there are a good many " real honest occupations" this side Jordan, which will find no place in the new order of things — and ammunition making will be one. The list could be con tinued ad infinitum. Canada has been politically topsy- turvey lately, electing Members to its Legislature. But how uninteresting any but home politics are to home birds. " Men may come, and men may go — but we go on for ever." The Premier of the Dominion is sir john macdonai.d, who has for so long been associated with the affairs of the country. Sir John is well known in London society. He is understood to be one of the most intimate friendB of the Princess Louise of Lome. Sir Edgar Boohm was also an intimate of Her Royal Highness. What an odd mistake the lawyers made in drawing up his will, naming the second daughter after the first, and so practically leaving the second portionless. The mistake fortunately, has been amended by the action of the family, who signified their desire that their father's intentions should be carried out. An interesting book has just come out — a memoir of Arthur Kavanagh, late M.P. for Wexford and Carlow. Years ago I knew Mr. Kavanagh, — all there was of him to know, as he was minus both arms and legs. But he was not a "monster" as maibirths are called, the severed members having been born with him. They were much less developed than the rest of the body owing to the unfortunate circumstances which resulted in the gradual severance of the limbs. He waB a very handsome figure head — and in more ways than one a man of parts 1 He rode to hounds, and was an all-round sportsman, even landing ' kingfish ' with the best anglers of his day. In Blackwood we are told how he did it all. By constant practice from childhood upwards he had trained limbs, which extended only a few inches from the Bhoulder, to do almost all the work of full-grown hands and arms. He used no hooks or other appliances. In shooting he carried a gun without any trigger- guard. When ho wanted to fire he threw the weapon across the left stump, supported by the stock, and touched the trigger witn ins rignc. in riding and hunting his saddle was a kind of basket in which he was properly secured, the bridle reins being lashed round what it is convenient to call his arms, and his hunting whip thrust under the straps, close to his side ; and such was the suppleness and strength of the limb at this point, that by an energetic side movement he could punish a horse as heavily as an ordinary rider. Ho wrote, it is further stated, a capital "hand" if the word is per missible, and was an excellent amateur urtist. He was married to his cousin, Miss Leathley, and was carried to the altar on the back of his valet. His mother, Lady Harriet Kavanagh, daughter of an Earl of Clancarty, got him legs made, but they were cumbersome, and jie preferred his own mode of locomotion which was a series of hops, skips, and jumps, performing which he never lost his perpendicular. Mr. Kavanagh was the youngeBt of three sons. The first, a youth of great promise, died in India of fever. The second was burnt to death on his own hearthstone. He was on the eve of marriage, and was supposed to have been burning letters before retiring to bed the night before his marriage, when he was seizod with a fit — he was subject to such seizures — and falling down his long nightgown caught fire and he was burnt. A legend runs that a prophecy exists, that the Borris estate — the name of his place in Ireland — would go out with a monster, and that a tree on the estate would grow into such a form. But it was shrewdly suspected that a tree had grown into a misshapen form, and that the legend was written to suit it I In any case Mr. Kavanagh was not born a monster, and a son lives and inherits name and place. The death of Lady Randolph Churchill's father mr. jerome removes a prominent figure from the Bporting world in the far West. He was a handsome, fine-looking man, genial and ready of wit. He died at Brighton from the after effects — it is believed — of Influenza. Although a man of considerable means he was not a millionaire. The centennary of John Wesley's death was observed reverently wherever his disciples had a house of worship. Ab was aptly Baid of him, he was " the greatest apostle of modern times, and a man who belonged not to Methodism or Anglicanism but to the Church without any ' ism ' in it at all. Archdeacon Farrar assisted in the unveiling of the statue of the great pieacher in front of the City Road Chapel, and a few yards from the house in which he died. In this chapel he preached just eight days before his death, which occurred in his 88th year. ' I think ' he said before he died, ' I have never had half-an-hour's dulneBS of spirits in all my life.' " zlnco. _ A wife recently gave her husband a sealed letter, beg ging him not to open it till he got to his place of business. When he did so he read : — " I am forced to tell you some thing that I know will trouble you, but it is my duty to do so. I am determined that you should know, let the result be what it may. I have known for a week that it is com ing, but kept it to myself until to- day, when it has reached a crisis, and I cannot keep it any longer. You must not censure me too harshly, for you must reap the results as well as myself. I do hope it won't cru: h you." By this time the cold perspiration stood on his forehead with the fear of some terrible unknown calamity. He turned the page, his hair slowly rising, and read : " The coal is all used up 1 Please call and ask for some to be sent this afternoon. I thought by this method you would not forget it." He didn't. 