News and Notes. The football campaign, in which the various clubs in the Metrpolitan dis trict are occupied in a struggle,lasting22 weeks, for the coveted premierehip.was opened last Saturday. St Kilda beat Carlton bysoxto three. Oan trary to expectations, Footscray made a close mat-h with Essendon,the latter winning by five goals to four. South Melbourde, last years premiers, won their first match against ttichmond by nine goals to two. Melbourne defeated Ballarat by five to three. Fitzro bhad the best of their match with Ballarat, winning by eight goal; but the South Ballarat put through Melbourne by four goals to three. Port Melbourne established a lead in their match with Williamstown, by seven goals to five. Mr Munro has instructed the Agent General Sir Graham Berry to give every assistance to Mr Burt, who is about to visit England, there to estab lish agency officers on behalf of the West Australian Government. A miner named Frederick Callen was arrested last Saturday morning at Sebastopol for an' attem'ted rape on 'a little girl named Mary German. Cul len when arrested bore signs of having been severely beaten, his face and body being covered with bruises, which he said he had sustained at the hands of the complainant's father and brother. The materials for the Victorian harvest trophy were sent to England by the mail steamer on Saturday. They will be taken charge of in London by the Government agents, and the trophy will be arranged for exhibition at the. Royal Agricultural Society's Show at Doncaster in the end of June. Frances Drew,aged about 25 years. a 'member of the firm of Messrs Lee and Co, brewers Ballarat west, com mitted suicide by shooting on Thure, day week. A young man named Thos, M'Oor. mock was thrown from his horse on Wednesday week, when returning from the Cobran cemetery, and now lies in a precarious condition. A discovery of the metal known as wolfram' was reported from Bairnedale last week, but inquiries made by the Mining department have failed to ascertain where the find took place. Since then the Secretary for Mines has had the records of his department searched with a view of ascertaining whether the metal had ever been dis covered beforein Victoria. They show that wolfram was found at Skipton several years ago, and Mr Howitt has .asked for furtherinformation as to the circumstances in which it was dis covered, the mode of occurrence and whether it is in the form of a lode. The right of the Executive Councillors to enjoy for life the privilege of free railway psses on all lines in the colony his recentlyobeen commented in pslitical circles. As the reeu.t of icquiries made, it will appear that once a legislator has been sworn in as a member of the countil, he is entirled to enjoy the privilege, even should he resign his seat in the Cabinet the nexVhour. Should, however, he resign his position as a conocillor, he would at once cut himself off from the privilege. This fact will explain in a measure why Mr Munro, the Premier, on a recent occasion, when a gentleman withdrew from'the Ministry, inquired if he resigned as well from the Executive Counocil. A business man, who is entitled to be con sidered a good authority on the question said that the right of a free railway pass for life to a man of medium age was worth at least £1,000. In the ponderoon,if not weighty speech which he delivered recently in favor of the Federal Coostitution;Bill, Mr Barton made one decideodly good point (says the Sydney Evcning News). Dealing with Sir John Robertson's declaration that federation is as dead as Julius Caosr. Mr Barton observed that Caesar was killed by treachery. He added that the final blow cause from a hand from which the the victim had least reason to expect it,and 'the attick made on the cause of union and freedom came from the very man from whom they had least reason to expect it.' This shonuld bring Sir John on again. .Western Australia forms the subject of an interesting statement by Mr. Baker, M. L. A. for East Kismberly,who is now visiting Melbourne. He speaks highly of its resources and prospects, and describes it as the 'Corning Conotry,' bhut strongly deprecates anything like a rush at present. There ate, lie says, but few opeLings for white labor. The Ladies Hope were snch ardent lovers of the equine species that, during oneof their recent visits to Mount Macedon, when one of their horses was sick, each took a tor and stayed with the animal durig the long hours of the night. This woold furnish a gooJ example to many society ladies, who frequently go to balls sad pailies and leave their ailing fehiliren to the care of birelings. Some of the leading sriritqsf Waega WagT a el dd a m .tinagon T:ursasv night for tie purpos, of as,'rtioe th rihtst o toVeir town s be chosou as bh capitol of the Pu-tralian Co,,monrealth, the sh r rs' party. however, tune' up in florce, end sticc e.ied i ecarryim ans at e.dmena to the .ff et that the selec ti--';of WaTga Wagea, under psesent cidrnms aSce., would only iotensfy the the evils of land monopoly. Another stabbing case at Kroit. John Hastings ·wounds a coachboilder named Everett. SThere wouldn't beso many tired people in the world if men woull stop climbing bills before they get to them. For the Bernhardt theatrical season in Sydney prices have been fixed at 15s dress cirel; frontseats, 12s ;centre, 10s, rear, 7s sd ; gallery, 2e Gd. Yield love for service is too much like a commercial bargain, but to serve fiord love is monopoly of souls, and selfishb ness cmi never break the eombination. * Mr tpence says that sheabrers have spent L50,0i00O in the last few years on the union battle, but the equatters subsoribe to it. A boy, named Thomas Eocukstep, has been killed by a fall of toxes in a Sydney warehouse ; and another, James Easy, seriously injured.. sir George Grey considers that Broken Hill is the eighth wonder of the world. Patrick He ge, a publican, at Fremaosle, bahd died, wodthl, it is stated. £50.000. His brother an engine- driver in Quoensland, ?nheritk he w4p1l IstIte A proclamation appears in the Govern ment Gazele, further proroguing Parlia m. atfrom 30th April until 30th instant. At the Bathurst Circuit Court on Wed nesday week,William Lenchan,late station master at Blaney, who had been °O years in the railway service, was sentenced to. three years' hard labour for embezzlment \- The petition of Martin IIenry Foran, formerly a State-school teacher, has been transmitted by the Governor to the Sec retary of State. He was dismnissed for alleged misconduct, and he made an un successful opplication to tho Supreme Court for reinetatement. He appealed to the Full court, who would not upset the former decision, and also refused Foran leave to appeal to the Privy Council, so that he has now proceeded by etition. Mr Gillies is strongly of opinion that Parliament should deal with the Feder ation question at the earliest possble moment. rpsaking at Camberwell on Saturday afternoon be said that to carry the federation proposals when Parliament met would be of greater value than the passing of any other measure that would be brought before the House for many years. They should strike while the iron was hot. When he took his phare in Parliament he would do his utmost to see that this question was taken up. at once. Members should sink all sides and parties in order to accomplish such a great national object. Hewould be perfectly prepared to support the present Govern ment on this question, and as leader of the Opposition he felt it his duty to give every assistance to the Government to deal with it and get one united Govern ment. He would also use every effort among his friends in order to settle the question, and would leave no stone un turned to accomplish his object. Mr Duhy has agreed to have telephonic communication established between Bal larat and Melbourne, on the same terms as were made when the Geelong telephone was erected. Tommy:' What makes the world go round, payal' Father (absent mindedly): 'Cham pagne generally sometimes. Mr. Meanwell: 'My friend, it makes my heart bleed to see you in this state.' Mr. Toper:' It'll make yer nose bleed, too, if yer don't move on. In New Zealand no man is to be taken into the police force uelens he has been three yeats in the Permanent Artillery. The Swan Hill past office was pulled done some six months ego, and the resi dents are now anxious that the new office should be in the same building as the courthouse, the cost of erection to be de frayed from the sale of the old site. The hones James Bell and George Young, il's.L.C., MrTaverner, M.L.A., put the matter before Postmaster-General yester day, and Mr Duffy said that he would have no objection to the change, if the postal business were transacteelin an alto gether separate portion of the building, sufficient accommodation were provided. The total population of Victoria, accord ing to approxiumite retu:ns, is 1, 133,84i, being an increase of one-third in th. decade. There are 54 314 more mal s thra females in Victoria. It is not often that a sute of £20100 lies in a public street for above a month without being found or claimed. This happened at Cronstradt ihe other day. A perroa found a pocket book containing 15,000 roubles' worth of securities payabl. to bearer, and he was homntt enough to inform the police. But there was no claimant. Ultimately it turned out that the pocket hook belonued to an officer who hbad fallen down dead in the street five weeks before, and close t3 the spot where the money was founo. Even making allowance for the snow on the ground, the inhabitants of Croontadt do not seem possessed of pattieulaily sharp eyesight. Mrs William Astor, one of the nume rous American millionaire ladies, has at wonderful snake ring, which literally writhes in constant motion on her finger. It is constructed of flexible gold wire, each scale being represented by a loop o wire, in which a ruby, an emerald, or anf amethyst is firmly set. The slightest movementof the fingers sets the wires a quiver, and the ring ecintillates, and eeome to go round and round the finger with a serpontine movement that has something eerie in it. It was made in Egypt. A sad accident in which Donald Fr:zer, the eldest son of Jas Froze-, one of the oldest settlers in the Goulburn Valley, lost his life, occrroed on Saturday night. Frazer, who resides near his father atNoith Murchison, left Murohison riding an old racehore, aud when about three miles from home, the hors ashied, stopped suddenly, and then jumped acnoross a small drain, throwing its rider, who sustained fracture of the skull. Dr Heard was called in, but the unfortunato man never recovered coneciousness, and died about mid-day on tunday. Lord and Lady Jersey have been visit ing Newcas:le. Iord Jersey, in a speech on the labor question, said it would be much better it a settlement of all disputes were left to the parties interested Without the interference of Parliament. Lady Jersey,io responding to the toast or 'The Ladies,' al!uded to the many fields of livelihood now open to -vomen, but impresecd on alt women that their higher duties, their home life, should never be interfered with. teneral Booth, of the falvation Army, has fixed his departure from England on his Australiac tar for a 'date which will enable him to and at lobhrt about 1fith Sepember next. Taking the Parisian nature into consid eration, the .lay day celebrations may be considered to have plesed ,ver fairl, quietly. Possibly the conooentraton it 30,000 men in the city had something t, do with it. In the afternoon, however some Socialiats raised a disturbance. in a wine shed, and a disortlrly, crowd asembled in the Place de Concorde, which was not dispersed till after several charges by tie police. Tieri was also a riot at Lyons, which the pldice were unable to check. but a charge -f cavalry was more effective, and the crowd wae scattered. at the Police Court, Barealline. on Saturday, two prisoners were hearvily fined for "ssaulting the police and military. Mr. 'Stepbhensa, delegte, was sentenced to three mouthsls imprisonment for intiiti dation. The election of the member for onas villtQoeaensland) took place on hattrday vioe Mr. Macrosta, deceased. Mr.W,V. Brown polled 80fi votes, andMSr Ogden, abor cnndidate,655. The unfortunate old man, Sauven Mur. scykarvilz, who wassepeared by aboriginals, snpposed to be the two blhok tratkers who absconded from loenalls, is still alive in the Albury Uospital, but not the faintest hopes of his recovery are enter tained. No word has yet been received from the police, who went out in pursuit of the blacks. So nothing more hasbeen heard of the serp:trtorrl Mr. George Mackay is pnblshing a history of Bendigo. The MS. is now in the hands of a well known Melbourne pub lisher. Whilst fat cattle have been selling at low rates in Melbourne of late very high rates have been ruling in Sandhnrst, the scarcity of grass preventing the district raisers from producing fat stock. This fact iu now being urged us a reason for cornecting Sandhurst with the Noith Eastrrn district by direct rail. At a m-ting of the Bairnsdale Eight Hours Anniversary sports committee,held on Saturday, it was decided ta institute proceedings for perjury against a pedes trian named R. Davidsou, of Sale, for having sent incorrect performaces as a coampdtitor in the 440 yards handiolp at the rtcent sports and afterwards signed an allidav ttC the effect thet they were c)rreet. Another pedestrian, named Lee was disqualifiod for 12 mouths for sus pisious running. Thomas Bissell, of South Melbourne, an inmate of the irebriato retreat, Beaconstield, escaped on Wednesday week, by getting through the window of his bedroom. An old resident of Dunolly, named James Hagan is reported to have been left £50,000 by a brother in Western Aus tralia. Two women and a man have been ad mitted to a hospitl in Dubiin suffering from wounds which they alleged had been inflicted by ghosts. It has been decided to bring the whlea of the military forces, excepting the Vic torian Cavalry, to bh reviewed in Mel bourne on the 25th May, which will be observed as a public boliday on account of the Queen's birthday falling on a San day. On rhursdry, 25th Marcb,theEmperor of A utria performed the annual ceremony of the Fusswaschung, or public washingof the feet-of 12 poJr old men. This religious rite, which has the Throne Room of the Palce for its scene. is the occanion for a magnificent disply of Court pomp. His Majesty was aesisted by five archdukes in the preliminary ceremtony of srving are past io thealmsmen. This banquet, which consists of 15 dishes, is not eaten on the spot, bet is carried to the eli men's home, Fsswcaschung consasts in the Emperor kneeling and pouring alittle water over the right foot of each alsman. He then driss the foot, and hangs a purse full of coin round the man's neck. His Honor Judge Gaunt, who hai for several months pa-t been acting as a juidgl ot the Coutv Cou't dirin the abs-tce ,un leaveof Judge Quilan, has been app i ted permanocilv to the posi tion, rice .TuIule Qninlen, whose recigna tion was acceptei on TuesJay. Alltli p lients wih, have bhen treatep with the K, ch cure are reported to he celting on favourably, especially those ia the Melbiurne Haspittl. A curious thing litaly occurred at Sophia, Bulgaria. One of Prince Ferdinand's private secretaries, returning t the palaca late, wanted to enter through a private door. He was tld that he could notpiss, and oa making an attempt t3 'ruph' the sentry he was arrested and put i to the sentry box till the guard came round. The affair being reparted to Prince Ferdinand, he ordered hie secretary to apologise to the sentry, and submi. to a week's arrest. The secretary refused, aad was dismissed. As for the sentry, tie was court-martialled, and con demned to six weeks' imprisonment for not hiaing habt the secrtary--a sentence whi:h Prince Ferdinand confirmed, though he afterwards reduced it as an act of grace. Tne fact is that the palace sentintls receive very strigent orders as to dealing with people who try to force their way in. The Government are now offering a practical encouragement to the Victorian coal industry by inviting tenders for the supply of Victorian coal. Judge- 'And so he called you a liar? Prisoner.'He did sor.' Judge:'And did you attempt to defend yourself?' Prisoner: 'Did I? You ought to see Daffy.' Tramp .'Will that dog bite?' Farmer : 'Yes; but I can't spare him now. You'll have to go somewthere else. I want him to keep the hens out of the garden.' Foxes are becoming very troublesome in the vicinity of Duuolly. Theyarc peculiarly partial to young 'anibs. There ae 500 letters to read in the Queens nlod tsh-arers' vonspiracy cases. A porter named James Stewart was acci dental y killed at Benalla whilst shunting. George Proctor.miner.has been killed by a fall of earth in Tickhole Tunnel, Adams o n, New iouth Wales. The Russian sovernment are making the greatest efforts to prevent the emigration of Rlusnian subjects., except Jews, and to force all foreigners to quit the country. Some 250 Russians, who intended going to Brazil, were stopped recently at the railway station at Slarkkff by a body of Cosacks, A frie fight ensued, which endedin the would-be emigrants being driven into the interior. Mr Speigibt conferred with the Parlia mentary Standing Commi tee on Railways onTuealay and gaveit as his opinion that the present system of rrilway c nstruction is the best, and will in tihe long un prove eco nomical: that the proposed expenditure is justifiable, though none of the lines can be expected to pay under five y ara a nd that there is no other principle of construcnion he can recommend thotih he will honestl) carry out the instrnctions of Parliament. He courts the criticism of eminent experts, and will stand or fall by their decision an his proposals, but does not think it fair to be judged iy the criticism of people who do not onderstand fully the questions at issue. The two prisoners lanthe Melbourne Gaol Jos-ph Cbheehab and John Finnegan-who were sentenced to death for shooting with intentto kill.and for wilful murder, respect tvely. ied the news of the commutation of theirenteuces commnnicat d to them by Clo'. 1 Bull.govenor of the gaol,oa Ionday evening. Cioehab simply said 'Thank you sir,' when informed that he wastobe im. prisoned for I9 sears, and did not appear an any way overcome. Jobu Finnegan said 'Thank you' only, anid eemted totake the reprieve as a matter of course. Tihe iutbli 'na'J that he was to be imprisonisi for lifu did not seem to affect him in tie least. The irons werr at OCt taken off the o n who were removrel from the condcemnle ceills. Theyare uow treared as orditniry iprsoners and will be sent to 'Pentridge with tlie next oatch of long sentence men. lit'lsa olu' KEMnDY IOB INDIGEWalsO - SonToS'sCAMOMLE PILLS are canfideatly recommendel as a simple remedy for iadiges. 'ion, which is the caunse of nearly all the dit -iats to which we are subject, Norton's Pillsa with jastices called the 'Natural Streagthener of the Human Stomach, aetu a powerful toeia and gentle perient, arc, mald in their operatito, ,ud safe --ader aas aircumstances. Sold In blottl, at Is l8i. Is ld Ils, by all Mtdicne Vendirs ttrinioh-ltl the World KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES cur Coughs, Asthma, Bronchitis. Medical testi mony states that no other medicine is so ef fectual in the cure of these dangerous maladies. OneLozenge alone gives ecase; one or two at bedtimeensures rest. For reliev. ingdifficulty of breathing they areinvaluable. They contain no opium nor any violent drug. Sold by all Chemists. in' tins, ,Is'ld and.2s 90 ean. 