MATCHMAKER'S STRATAGEM. Ia tho opinion of matchmaking mothers Jack Faireervice was a very objectionable person. Strange to say, this was not because he was ill-looking or ill-bred, but for exactly the opposite teaeon. Good looks and good manners do not, as a rale, make a man unpopular with ladies of any age or condition ; but by a peculiar irony of fate, in Jack's case they did. If he had been unattractive, mothers with marriageable daughters would only have ignored him; but, being attractive, they absolutely detested him. The ground of their dislike lay in this: Jack Fairservice was a detrimental. He had all the qualifications for winning their daughters, and none of the qualifications for marrying them. Girls were constantly spoiling their chaaces with other men by falling desperately in love with him, while he had no money to set up house, on energy to make money, and no desire to try. He was quite content to live on £150 a year, to go about in the society in which his connections placed him, and to let life slip past without effort or anxiety. It could not be said that he encouraged girls to lose their Leads over him. He paid particular attention to no one, but he was extremely agreeable to all, and his good looks and pleasant manners, without design on his part, frequently made him conquests that he did not want Jack w»8 a jovial, young fellow, and he laughed alike at the anger of the mothers and the devotion of tho daughters, not because he was heartless, but because he only saw the fully of both. If a girl injured her prospects by her behaviour towards him, he regretted it; but, as he never provoked the passion, he felt no responsibility for it. And in the ordinary case, where no harm was done, the madness of the daughter and the rage of her mother appeared to him equally silly and equally amusing. One of the matrons who most cordially detested him was his own aunt, Mrs. Hatch. The Rev. Mr. Hatch, Jack's uncle by bis mother's side, was vicar of a fashionable West-end church, and the possessor— chiefly through his wife—of a considerable fortune. He himself was not unlike Jack —jovial, easy- going, and good-natured, but resolute enough when his feeliDgs or his conscience were aroused. His wife, who •when he married her was a wealthy widow, was very different. She was restless, bitter, and ambitious. Moving in the best society, and mixing every day with people of wealth and title, she was anxious to utilise her opportunities to get her daughters well married, and anything or any person that seemed to stand in the way of this consummation she regarded with unspeakable hatred and disgust. Mrs. Hatch in this husband hunt was not actuated by regard for her daughters' interests—she desired to Bee the poor girls well married, simply iu order that she might thus be enabled to leave everything she possessed to her son, Nathaniel Sheapy. The gentleman in question was her only child by her first husband, and she cherished him with an infinite devotion. For his sake she would have sacrificed herself, and she was determined to sacrifice her daughters, though, Heaven knows, a more pitiful idol than Nathaniel human folly never worshipped. Mrs. Hatch had not been very successful in her designs for disposing of her superfluous daughters, aud her failure she attributed to two causes. Of course Jack •was the first. She thought that his frequent visits to her house frightened off many lees attractive but wealthier men, and she hated him for that. The other cause was Lily Ruth. Lily Ruth was an orphan niece of Mr. Hatch's, who lived with him half as a relative and half as a governess to the younger girls. She was absolutely penniless, but then she was remarkably pretty ; and Mrs. Hatch thought that her beauty by contrast made the plain Misses Hatch look more plain; and she hated her on this account. Jack Fairservice was independent of her, and he could laugh at her ill-concealed aversion to him. But, unfortunately, poor Lily Ruth was a dependant, and on her the angry woman poured out the vials of her wrath. Jack Fairservice being a kindly, goodnatured fellow, the cruelty with which he frequently saw Mrs. Hatch treat his poor little cons ; n used to rouse his bitter indignation. The vicar also was indignant at his wife's treatment of the girl, and did everything in his power to protect her. She was a constant source of squabbles between Mr. and Mrs. Hatch. The former was always striving to have her treated aB a daughter, the latter to degrade her to the level of a servant; and though in some ways the vicar carried his 'point, in others his patronage only added to Lily's misery. For a long time Jack and his uncle were agreed in all their views with regard to Lily, and Mrs. Hatch's treatment of her ; but of late a blight divergency had sprung up between them. It arose in this way: Richard Windham, a young curate of good family, had recently manifested a deep interest in Lily. Mr. Windham had at first been an admirer of the eldest Miss Hatch (Louisa), bat soon tho sweeter dis- position of Lily Rath had weaned his affections. -Mrs. Hatch was furious at this, as she was anxious to have Mr. Windham for a son-in-law; strange to say, Mr. Hatch took sides with her in this matter. He discouraged in every way Mr. Windham's attentions to Lily, and tried to drive them towards his daughter. Jack was astonished at this behavior, and re monstrated. Mr. Hatch explained that though Mr. Windham had excellent prospers, he was at present veiy poor; if he married Lily he and she for an indefinite time would have just £120 a year to live upon. If, however, he married Louie, Mrs. Hatch would get him presented with a living which her cousin, Lord* Blackcock, had promised for Nathaniel Sheepy; and ®.° t 1| 5® y?5. n g couple would bo comfortable Wl Mr, Windham's prospects were realised Japk contended that Lily would be happier with Mr. Windham on £170 a year than she was at present.j lrat tbe Vicar would not hear of so improvident marriage. "-Get him a deceni living," he said, " and I'll be delighted W iBee Lily and him married, but I can't consentto her settling down with nothing bat beggary before her." And Jack wondered aud wondered if, after all, it was not'poseible to get Mr. Windham a living. During each winter the Hatchs gave several small dances. These Itsnally were preceded and' followed by a row between Mr. and Mrs. Hatch. Ttoe vicar always insisted that his nephew should be asked, and that his niece should be dressed as well and treated in the same way as his daughters. In «he end he always had his way, but he never had it without a bitter struggle. Then, after the dance, the next morning's breakfast-table was sure to be the scene of another struggle. Mrs. Hatch began it by denouncing Jack and Lily; Mr. Hatch responded with a strong defence; Mrs. Hatch continued the attack vigorously; and the struggle went on with varying fortune till it was brought to a close by an armed truce about luncheon-time. One morning in January a domestic battle of this kind was fought. " I wish to goodness," Mrs. Hatch began, " that Jack Fairservice would Bhow his face here no more." " Why ?" demanded Mr. Hatch. " What harm has he done ?" " Why, lots of harm," the lady answered, angrily; " he has become a thorough nuisance. I was perfectly, sick laBt night watching him gadding about and smiling at every girl in the room. As long as he's here none of our girls have much chance of getting settled." " Why, last night he spent nearly all the evening talking to Lily," said Mr. Hatch, speaking with perfect truth. "Is there anything objectionable in that ?" " No, I'm sure there isn't," answered Mrs. Hatch. " I only wish he would marry her and take het out of this. I wonder if anybody else has so many beggarly relatives as we?" " Mrs. Hatch, how dare you refer to my nephew and niece as beggarly relatives t" the vicar demanded. " And are they not beggars ?" scieamed the lady, shrilly. "Is Jack Fairservice anything better than a beggar, with bis miserable • " " Mr. Fairservice, ma'am," said a servant, opening the door. " Oh! he's here early this morning," said Mrs. Hatch, coolly enough, though, in spite of herself, she felt rather awkward. As she spoke Jack came running, in an excited way, into the room. " Really, Jack," cried Mrs. Hatch, rising in indignation from her seat. "Really, Jack, if you don't know how to come into a room like a gentleman, yon'd better not oome here at all." "Oh! forgive me, aunt," answered Jack, hurriedly. " I'm BO excited. Haven't you heard the news ?" It has got into all the papers. Yes; here it is." And Jack, taking up the Morning Post, which lay on the breakfast-table, read aB follows:—" We learn that Mr. Henry Fdirservioe, who lately died in Australia, has left all his property, amounting to over £100,000, to his cousin, Mr. John Fairservice. The latter is a nephew of the Rev. Air. Hatch, yicar of St. Boniface." "This morning," Jack went on, "I received a letter from the solicitors, asking me to call ou them as soon as possible, to take the necessary stepB for realising the estate." "Eh ?" gasped out Mrs. Hatch, as she sank hack in amazeihent in her chair. " You don't mean, it, Jack ? ' exclaimed Air. Hatch, in a voice trembling with excitement and pleasure. V' "I do, really, uncle," answered Jack. "Just read this, and you'll see for yourself." * The vicar hastily fixed on his spectacles and read the announcement. " Well, Jack, my boy," cried Mr. Hateh when he had finished reading, "givejne your hand. I congratulate you with all my heart. Much happiness may it bring you, my lad." "Over a hundred thousand poundsI" said Mrs. Hateh in a-dazed way. "Yes, 1 aunt, that's the solicitor's estimate ; and they say it's likelier to turn out more rather than less." "That's about five thousand a year, isn't it!" she inquired. "Yes; about that," replied Jack, Bmlling. Mrs. Hatch took a long breath and reflected. — " He can't be called a beggar any longer, eb, Maria f said the vicar, maliciously. " Well, Jack, my dear, I congratulate you, and hepe you'll use your great good fortune with forethought and prudence, and wisdom and gracp." " Tnank you, aunt," replied Jack, laughing a little. " Well, I must be off. The solicitors want to see me again as soon as possible." "You'll call, Jack dear, on your way back, won't you 1" cried Mrs. Hatch. " Yes, aunt, just for a moment, to tell you if there's anything new," Jack, and away he went. He was not well gone before Mrs. Hatch was out of the breakfast-room and up to the boudoir, where her elder daughters were. " Was that Jack, mamma ?" asked the eldest, Louisa. " Yes, Louie, and he's to be back this afternoon, so you must be particular about your dress. Try and look well for once." "What!" cried Fanny, the youngest Iress for Jack? What do you mean, mamma 1" " Mean 1" exclaimed Mrs. Hatch, " I mean that he's inherited a hundred thousand pounds, and if one of you girls don't share it, you're a pack of fools." From this <lay forth, Mrs. Hatch's bearing and feelings towards Jack Fairservice changed altogether. She invented all manner of devices for attracting him to the house, and when she had him there, she exerted all her powers of entrapping him. Her efforts were not altogether in vain, but her success was of such a character as to be almost as exasperating as complete failure. The fact was, that Jack manifested exactly the same tastes and tendencies as the Rev. Mr. Windham. Among the Misses Hatch Mr. Windham's favorite was the eldest, Miss Louie, and to Mrs. Hatch's intense annoyance she proved Jack's favorite, too. That was bad enough, but there was worse behind. Mr. Windham had evinced a preference for little Lily Ruth even over Miss Louie Hatch, and so now did Jack. Though obviously very fond of Louie, he appeared still more fond of little Lily. ^ This was both an awkward and irritating state of affairs. Mrs. Hatoh wanted both the men for sons-in-law, and both appeared willing to |>ecome BO, but instead T)f choosing like sensible beings separate daughters, they chose the same one. Of course, Miss Louie could not marry them both, yet the only alternative to that seemed to be that Lily Ruth should many the other. This was gall and wormwood to Mrs. Hatch. Here another- very serious consideration came in. Assuming that Jack and Mr. Windham were to be married to Miss Louie and Lily Ruth, which was to marry which 1 Mr. Windham was a fa'rly good match, but Jack was a much better one. If Mrs. Hatch could be sure of securing Jack for her daughter, that would be some consolation for Lily having Mr. Windham; but wss Bhe? Everything pointed the other way. Lily was the first favorite with both men, and therefore ehe would have first choice. Mrs. Hatch had little doubt that she preferred the curiate to her cousin, but then there were impediments in the way of her marriage to the curate, while there were none as regarded her union with Jack, It therefore became clear to her that if she did not do something to prevent ,it,before long Lily would be askfed to became' 'Mrs. Fairservice. The only thing Mrs. Hatch could do under the circumstances was to dispose of Lily, and the only way in which she could dispose of Lily was by marrying her to Mr. Windham. Now, before Mr. Hatch would consent to such a marriage Mr. Windham must be provided with a living, and the only way Mr. Wiudham could be' provided with a living was by Mrs. Hatch getting Lord Blackcock to give him the one which he promised to Nathaniel Sheepy. After an agonising struggle Mrs. Hatch resolved to ask Lord Blackcock to present Mr. Windham, on condition that that gentleman proposed to iily without delay, that Lily accepted him, and that Mr. Hatch approved of their union. All parties proved amenable. Lily and Mr. Wiudham jumped at a proposal which permitted them to fulfil their brichtesfc dreams. Lord Blackcock Wnothl^of the arrangement, but when Mrs. i wrote to him he replied that a living just ? him that she w» w «« r^r. and asked him as her nearest kinpmarr„ after Mr. Hatch, who w*s to marry her, to. give her away. Jack at first was a little, startled and incredulous, but when he. realised how things stood be congrati^ lated little Lily with a heartiness whicfc caused his aunt to wonder whether, alterall, he was in love with Lily. In due course the happy day arrived, and the happy couple were duly married. Jack was the life and soul of everything from tha moment he arrived in the morning to take the bride to church'till late in the afternoon, when little Lily, with a joyful heart* left for ever her old but unhappy home- Then Jack's spirits fell, and he becama dull and gloomy. Mrs. Hatch had been watching him closely, and she saw the change and guessed its reason. Ye?, Jack must be thinking of proposing. Mrs. Hatch was a keen observer, and she knew that young men get very gloomy as a rule at such times—> at any rate, both her husbands had dona so. She attributed it to nervousness, and so she resolved to assist Jack by addessing to him a few encouraging remarks. Getting him between herself and Jilr. Hatch ehe began :— " You seem dull, Jack. I hope you're not jealous of Mr. Windham and she smiled gently on Jack. "Well, aunt," answered Jack, a trifle sadly, " the truth is, I am." Mrs. Hatch gave a start. So after all Jack was in love with Lily. What a m:rcy it was she was married off and gone* "Don't you think, Jack," asked Mrs. Hatch gently, " that you coald get soma other pretty girl to make up for her IOBB ?" " You misunderstand ine, aunt," explained Jack. " I'm jealouB of Windham,, not because Fm fond of Lily, but becausa I'm fond of sojpe one else." , " I'm afraid, Jack, I don't comprehend, you," said Mrs. Hatch, in a puzzled tone. "It's this way, aunt; I'm jealous of Windham because he's in a position to marry, and I'm not." " Why not?" inquired Mrs. Hatch, considerably startled. "Not rich enough," replied Jack, laconically. " Don't joke now, Jack," remonstrated Mrs. Hatch. "What about the hundred thousand pounds your cousin left you I" " Ob, I thought you .had heard about that," said Jack, while the ghost of a smile flickered round his mouth. "The newspaper announcement was not quite correct. You see my cousin was married and had II children when lie died, and, though the hundred thousand was left to me all right, it was merely left to me as their trustee." > A gentle ripple of laughter from the other side of Jack informed Mrs. Hatch that if she had not heard this before, her hus- band had.— Truth. 