THE GHOSTS MR. BESAINT?HAS SEEN. I'n hIis weekly letter, Mr. Weltr Besant has the?following:-'.' A very good :ghost 'stdry one of a churchyar and a phantom'. funeral - hasbeen printed in the''Lireeipol1'Pot,and copied in the Bill ?ali GaeetEs w-here'I saw it. :Myersonal experience of spooks is' not miueh, but tis; perhhps, inore tlhaffalls to the lot of most. The first 'figure' I ever saw was about iO o'clock on anuevening, in September. -I had been writing ip to the last momentof daylight; it became too dark for me to. see any longer, and I~'knocked 'off; as I turned from the window I- became aware that a female figure wasin the room; it made no sign, but itmoved about- noiselessly. As I looked it disappeared. I was then living as a bachelor in chambers, and my. outer door was closed, so that nobody could be in the room except myself. Another experience, and a far more singular one, was this. I was travelling in Northumberland. The day I had spent in driving over a wild and lonely moor to a village situated in the midst of it-a village built round the quad rangle of what had been a monastery. There was the old gate left; part of the buildings ; part of the wall ; the quiet village enclosed by the old wall; the convent chapel, now the oarish church; there were only two or three hundred people living here; outside ran and Dabbled the trout stream with its high bank covered with bushes and brambles and wild flowers. All round stretched the moor. At the inn, where I took some tea or some thing, they talked to me about the past ; the place was filled with echoes of the paat; whispers and voices were heard at mght; thin's had been seen in the bedrooms. A rgful place; nowhere else in Eugland is ocloek went offl t f ief ,fi I _ drove back a very old room, and the inn tsel -w at least 300 years old. All this is in troduction in order to show you why the thing that I saw took the shaps that it did. For in the middle of the night I woke suddenly and sat up'startled. I found the room perfectly light; the door, which I bad locked, flew open, and there walked in three ladies, dresed in the Queen Ane costume, with thepretty old stiff cardbeard ornament of the. hea anld everything. Never before had I understood how beautiful was the Queen Anne dress. The ladies sitting doswn on chairs round the fire (which was now burning -merrily) beran to talk, but I know not what they hsaid. Suddenly-it shames me to confess the thing-I was seized with a horrid terror. I leaped from the bed, pulled back the curtains, and pulled up the blind. It was about" three in the mormng, and twilight.' Then I turned to my visitora; they'slowly fhded away. The light slowly went out of the room; the fire slowly burned low : the figures .slowly became faint; they slowly vanished. Who were they? Well. You see that I have seenthings. But I have heard nothing. No comn munication has ever been made to me from theu other world at all, except by the spirit Katie, and she only talked rubbish through a medium, and I had to pay a pound forit." - .. 