The Doctors. Shook Their L O n.a c % Heads, 'I would give a million dollars for a stomach," said a wealth?yAideiiicairecently, Low, a million dollars, (£200,000) is a deal of money, but,he,was not able to buy the article elitt' ttoteias Gook; sG o., Poplar Row,' Dirley Abbey, near Derby, is not so rich as many, b ing a' gardener, but he wasteady enough to give all he nud for one thing he had'nt got. Here is his story, and he shall tell itin his own way. 3r. Gaskin goes on to say: " Up to eight years ago, Ibhad nevelost and hour's work through sickness, In December, 1882, whilst living at Beeston,.neur.Notting hamn.my .ppeti.±e:ll, sway;.I had4lreartual piin after eatang, ar bad taste in my month, whichwould fill with: *water, andislimetthe Asd myitliroatwould wellsm I could'nt buttoni m shirt at the neck.. .vomited a gest,dcal, c 'y`a yelloiriih.geren phlegm: had a gr:Ekig cough, "an would elugh and strain till S at-the ??.i and the blood rushed ot of cma a , Jiecaue ihiiisol, and ahorsry bt ath and hid t Io t?'h dotor,'and'wsi in live .or wiz weeks. - 8 . t" I then w?t s abut-pttipdt toitheTNtt;ng" hn Hospital, and after attending there for ;is mqp??,was vcrlittle betters I 'got eS thin t iat I was like" a ghost walk Lng abSt an'd my rjends said it was all up with me. For ee,,hbeci moiths I kept `geting telter,"then worse, and at last the doctors recommended me s. tary tangq; ot air;; ? ;1 came to" Darley .Tbey and my former, master gave me an in. didor recomsmendatioq sLsihe eehrhbire in. b in the hospitl eeire fult, aud i? Wsii~ i4`ob docior iihd als lnio doatl sat) Drby.,The tist one said,' For are is ag.alopiyg cosryp. e + $wtots$ 555581tie; the, other,,dotoem, 1fteri e4nding my lungs and chcat, said olkiagfi6st alokiL ter Ieado. . , ":Getting attifle better my old master al :1rel ime to do wha little I eouldio his gar. das and irounds; and' some days I worked a tliitle, and then would be away for a few dais, 'gmgs went cn like this until December,1888, when ?I caught cold, got very short of breath, as bbiokeidown completely.. ,'wis always :;tb ghieg and. pitting sp phlegi, sometimes o m~ch as a teacupful it once; and wai afraid id go o dfeepfo feroi de plgu srield cAke mse. ?t this time the whites of my eyes toined yel. w ter ,j,,wj w ers bl.odshot,. .,1y lips ant asnthwer dry and parchd `id"I ofteu broke o htistoclammy sweat-. .y tongue waslike .Ial pxe, of brown leather, and I could' keep u iobl?g di', I lost over a stone weghtin three weeks. IL5 muangedtto gtutp forr,,af hours att& t , k was so weakI hsd Idtit?hkold f thi f rnituir to morC i? few yas.- I was always Sired aandwery,and, sittl?g or lyinglyas siver at ease and got no real narst. Too wea to od I often sat for hours looking at my hands t sL o nid u baolr the leastne, and the ildren at play quite upset me. tl.The do tor:kepton attendingme hbut hbe 4iP' I cua s go oiod; reY a o4,ily' gl " ot a, Le#ir;c ssr Is'sare diasrsed F'tbhn e ver. fting his medicine" nd'tril l'edrryth' G udhhenaibf.'Ode' thing widfa ebd nefr I H 0 I ndsn'that cobs 22s a bbttlt) Buotdthl' ipg ~if any good, acd my friends who canie'iu sae e baill,' WPeI,y#s rof reosg sssell kae'r, jylasre siereb, Co prsparsfor essfiherjsd' .r "A.hu tthe middle of ' larch,: 18.,l'nedgh oisr naziedJoseph Tathani, whoworki In the paper mills it D??ry Abbey, said to me,' iis, did you eer, Cy ? lder? ?i?r Syl'sp r' and tld tie how be had been cured after being in tLhhe pital.' le spoke so much inr~ise of thisidmedicine I sent my wife to Derby and got' Sbiottle at Mrimith'sStores in Victort stieet. 4fter t'he'firt dose I had an: 'evacuation black u itnk and vomltedt;'2hen Lfell asleep and felt 'rtted ý uitI 'a?sokia '" Afitakhiig the medicine for,three:days my breathing got. duster, my food kept dowr, atnte it'a few days tiore,'wsi atloe o go oat fots eshqtt ygiltji the end of a fortnight I went to see my master, who asked what-bad wroght the imiprovement, tild I to'a him, as ? tell every one, that Mother Seilgel's Hyrop had saved my life. I commended work at once, and have never lo t a dsy's work sinace ,, Oeouse. my strength did nut retra all at once, but after tlking Seigel's Syrup for sir mos'th I was as stro g as ever.in my life and bhave continued so ever since." In givirg his content to the publication of this remarkable statement, JMr. Gaskin requests as to refer all doubters to him or Ir:. Kectley, Head Gardener, Darley Abbey, who is ac* quainted with all the facts alleged. Mr. GaOs kin has lived at Darley Abbey 22 years and bear. an excellent reputation. Now, what was the complaint from which he snufferel: Nt gallopiq cntmptfon, eertrrinl (as nee f tie ,toe!os* Ihoqit), or Ae trold l are o'll?prI ;etot fs: rare in less thn tree montlhs, instecd of gcroin worse for srven years. 'its complaint ;nas chronic inflammatory dyspepsia (or clronic gastric catarrh), which has long symptums :ike consumptien, for which it is s., often ignorantly mitltken and swrongly treatcd. When the richt remedy, Mother Sedgers Syrup, was nu=o the thceare yielded, as all dtseascs of the dgqelir, trat do yiell to that magnificent preparation. We heartily congratulate Mr. Gaskin on his recovery, and commend the facts of his case to all thinking people, 