CHRISTMAS PREPARATIONS. Busy Shops and Happy People. There are plentiful signs on all sides of the presence of the most hospitable and munificent season of the year, while temptations to spend money stretch out alluringly from every shop window. Hard hearted would be the father who could walk with his family from one end of Rundle street to the other without making an inroad on his pocket—unless, of course, he was in the unhappy position of having no floating store of-cash to commit an assault upon. It requires firm resolution, indeed, to traverse the paths alone and yet do nothing but gaze with interest on the baying of others. Christinas decorations were not "fP"**l^ in full force on the outside of city establishments on Wednesday, nor was &sy; very sustained attempt made to draw custom after nightfall. These embellishments are reserved for the eve of Christmas. But, bo fax as the tasteful arrangement of windows was concerned, every thing was in attract! re readiness. And daring business hoars such a crowd of people streamed along the chief thoroughfares and overflowed into yawning entrances and on, past inviting counters into showrooms and other openspaces, that locomotion was rendered very difficult and the work of energetic salesmen, and their equally active sisters, was made both con tinuous and heavy. Adelaide footpath?, except in King William street and on the terraces, are too narrow to carry the throng of pedestrians who turned out to see, to buy, to be admired, or simply to follow ordinary avo cations, and naturally Borne of the crowd spilt over into the road. Especially was this the case when four or five perambulators, as too frequently happens, drove along, abreast with the typical nursemaids casting Parthian glances at some favored acquaintance, or some specially enticing shop window, and their juve nile charges hanging perilously over the sides of the vehicles. When some spectacular display is expected, eazh as the progress of the eight hours procession, a pageant like that which ac companied General Booth triumphantly through the streets, or the passage of a speci ally brilliant circus, tie sideways are equally dense with human beings. But then only the central line moves, while the spectators stand still and gaze. There is unceasing movement, however, and therefore added variety and interest, about a holiday crowd, while the pro portion within the shops is as great as that which lags and loiters but still passes onward without Even the least sentimental among he feels his heart grow bigger as glancing round he sees on every hand such extensive preparations for enjoyment and festivity. In countries where the enow lies thick upon the ground and the air bites shrewdly, the universal observance of the Christmas season thaws normally rigid natures into a humanising glow. How much, more then, may such be believed to be the case, where skies are so clear, where the Bun's rays are so vertical, aud where the atmosphere is so full of warmth as they invariably are when "Man's brightest and best holiday" arrives to cheer the inhabitants of South Australia. The character of the goods so tastefully set out on view is in itself a proof of the faith of the vendors in the prosperity, the general good taste, and the openhanded liberality of the regular and casual customer. Meats which might satisfy an epicure, cards of design so ■artistic as to earn the praise of a Royal Acadamician, dresses and jewels which the richest need not disdain to wear, toys which would not fail to bring a pleased smile to the faces of the occu pants of the most luxuriously-appointed nursery, are all present to catch the eye and win the choice. Cheajier articles in all classes are exhibited in profusion; but, except in less fashionable thoroughfares, there is no such paiade as would suggest any lack of confidence in the depth of pedestrian pockets. The country tends down a fctrong contingent to fcweil the ranks of sightseers, and the central street tattles and threbs nn<W the beat of many horse hoofs and the vibration of all manner of vehicles. High in the air float many hags and streamers from single staffs or tfiectively draped from window- sill and coping co that the panoramastretched out before the eye of one w ho wins any coign of vantage is full of jiictuitequtness, and instinct with life and briskness. Today freshness and verdure, lacking yesterday, will be given by the forests of trees, the thick bowers of leaves, and the radiant garlands of striking colored flowers which during the night and in the earlier morningare springing up as if by magic on door post and lintel. The circling hills of Adelaide are growing brown and sere, but green boughs are always available for decorative purposes, and the instinct of the people draws them towards this ever pleasant weans of ornamen tation. As The Advertiser goes to press the city n:aikets, which aie always especially full on tbe morning before Christmas Day, are filling with appetising wares and dense masses of tsgtr housewives with their masculine atten dants and protectory are gathering precociously before the dkwh to (search fdr adjuncts to ttoeir Obristmas dinners, if not for the very meal itsdf. *The"biaz?of light and the unwonted busne and "buzz "have a magnetic innuenoe Which gathers «ronnd them many <ql the prowlers of the streets, who have neither business to do nor comfortable beds to welcome them. Here, too, congregate members of both sexes, whose love of excite ment is more powerful than their desire to sleep, so that both the central square between Grote and Gonger streets, and the more con fined precincts at the East-End, contain far more persons than have legitimate business there. But the police are strong; and watchful, and though some latitude is allowed in deference to the season of festivity, good order and, what is better, good humor are almost universal. When the bounds are overstepped an official reprimand soon makes matters comfoi table again, and the buying, selling, and ■ chaffering go on through the surrounding jargon with little serious interruption. Ade laide will neither slumber nor deep henoefor ward till after the Kew Tear has dawned, and tben, in the accostomed hours of the nigh*', it will-drop into soft repose again. No hour till' then, however dark and late, will be free from some fragment of convivial song, piercing the stillness like the solitary cry of a ghost, or shouted in rolhcking chorus with >U the strength of many throats. 