THE SECRET OF THE RIVER, Br DORA RUSSELL, Author of "Footprints in the Snow," "The Broken Seal," " Qulie Trse,' etc. CHAPTER XII. (CoxTIsoED.") "I-I saw in the papers you had left the army." she faltered. - "Yes, I grewr tired of it like the rest," said Dinodas; and theo he crossed the room, and went up to the unfinished portrait. " I have often thought of this picture," he said in a lowe tone, as he stood before it. "I had hbegun to fear it world never be finished," said Kathleen, with downcast eyes. "It must be fisihed; I have come back to Yorkshire to finish it." "I am glad." "Shall we go on with it to-day! No; there is not light enough-you will not be able to stand under the elm now Y" "Why?" "The year is waning," said Duondas, and he sighed restlessly. " I shall not mind the waning year," answered Kathleen, with a glad laugh; "if you will come up to-morrow morning, you t will find Jockey and myself posed to advantage !" "And how is my friend Jockey!" I "Very well, indeed." "And the tall young man with the dog like eyes " " Very well, too." " And does he come here now !" " He sometimes comes." "Dundas made no answer; he was look ing at Kathleen, and after a little while he went away, having made a positive engage- t ment to return the next morning. And during the next few days he almost lived at Northbridge, and the dull pain in r Ralph Temple's heart grew sharper, but he I bore it in silence like the rest. One after noon, however, Lady Temple met Dundas in Kathleen's drawing-room, and the shrewd woman of the world had not been five minates in his company before she saw what made her netoved son so sad. She asked Dundas with well-bred ease if he were con nected with a family of his name she knew, e and she noticed the annoyed look that passed I over his face as he answered in the atfirma. a tive. t " I believe they are same sort of cousins," he said, carelessly. "This handsome man has something to it hide," thought my lady, and she made up her mind, for Ralph's sake, to find out what that something was. But she went away smiling, after complimenting Dundas on the striking i beauty and faithlfulness of Kathleen's h portrait. w " My son tolld me you were quite a genius," .0 she said, as Dundas bowed low over her offered hand. It "'Mr Temple was very good to sayso," ii he answered; '" but I have no pretentiuns to h, be anything of the sort." al "The modesty of true worth !" cried n: Lady Temple, gaily; but her expression e, changed after Dundas handed her into her carriage, and her ponies were carrying her D homewards. Dundas had been at River House a week, y, but ie had never again mentioned her mistress's name to Dorothy, and this faith. th ful creature, learing in mind the many kind at nesses she had received from Mrs Lee, felt uneasy and dissatisfied. But one gusty. gr October night, as Dorothy sat alone in her' kitchlen (Dundas was dining atNorthbridge), at lher doubts and fears on the subject were fated to end. It was about ten o'clock, dark and some-. what stormy, when Dorothy hleard, or fancied she heard a faint and tremulous tap a at the kitchen window pane. She was a sitting reading her Bible by a lamp, and he she looked up sharply over her spectacles, th but took no further notice. Again, after a ha short pause, came that timid tap, but still sa Dorothy took no notice, though she began no to feel somewhat nervous. " It is the wind driving something against as the window," she told herself, but the next moment as a sharp gust swept by, she heard an her own name uittered in plaintive accents. D "Dorothy! Dorothy!" Dorotlhy was a no religious woman, but superstitious, like the he most of her class, and her heart seemed to lot die within her. Years ago she had mourned on a fair young daughter, and longer years ago etr still, she had seen her Ihusband borne to the Lv churchyard, and she thought now of her dead, and Ibelieved that one of these beloved kn spirits had come to summon her to join ha them. b Her teeth chattered in her head, and her he withered cheeks grew p:ale, and she satstill, chained to her seat by fear. of 1 Dorothy : Dorothy !" wailed the voice th at the window, and then louder and faster ga came the taps; and the old woman's trem- he bling lips found strength to mutter a prayer. he "Oh ! Lord, have mercy upon us, have his mercy ;" she prayed aloud. . to " It is I, Dorothy-I shall die if you do nlo not come." i Dorothy heard these words as if in a ho dream, for the wind for the moment had he died away, and as she did so, in an instant the idea darted into her mind that her ' mistress had returned. as She rose all trembling to her feet, and Wt with her shaking hand unbarred the door; aIn and there outside, white, changed, almost of like the ghost Dorothy had taken her for, ju stood Alice Lee ! ti " Mistress !" cried Dorothy, "Hush," prayed the pale woman whom she recognised, "he is out, I know, bht still do not speak; let me come in, I am nearly A slead."n Then Dorothy put forth her strong hands and half-lifted the fragile, crouching creature before her into the kitchen, and set a chair by the fire, on whalich she placed her mistress, 4 and kneeled down and pulled off the we boots and stockings, and rubbed the chill, small feet with ier honest hands. "Oh ! I'm so thankful to rest-Oh ! so p' thankful." moaned Alice Lee; and as she spoke her head fell forward on Dorothy's sh shoulder, as though her power to hold it up ,e were gone. tis CHAPTER IIIL Dotorar's Vsmnos. Though Dorothy was an old woman, she in was strong and active, and as her mistress da sank half-fainting into her arms, she rose from her knees, and cirried Alice Lee to TI an ancient settee, which stood against the be kitchen wall, and having laid her on this, sv, she left her for a moment, and hurried pl into the dining- room, returning with some brandy which she kept there, and which she proceeded to administer to the worn out woman who so greatly needed her 7] care. - tii This revived her, and Dorothy next Gi went into the bed-room which Alice had re formerly occupied, and brought from sr thence one of the soft fresh tea- gowns she to used to wear, ansd a complete change of re; clothiing, for her womanly eyes had seen- ge how damp, and poor, and worn, were the ke garments she had returned in. She put p, warm emnbrcidered slippers on the wearied fa' cold feet, and covered her with a rich fur- ne lined cloak, and then brought ont food, 22 prepared it, and insisted upon her mistress trying to eat. At first she seemed almost unabsleto swallow, and then ate ravenoualy like a starring person. " I have touched nothing before to-day, and only a crust of bread yesterday and a eh cup of tea," she explained, in her weak is voice, to Dorothy; who said nothing but pa thouoht the more. en "Dorothy, will you promise me some- ex thing I" she presently asked, looking in bu her old servant's face with her haggard 11. eyes; "promise me on your BibleI" And ad she pointed to the still open book. " What is it, mistress 1' asked Dorothy, E whose voice berrayed tier hidden agitation. Irt " That you will nat tell him I am here I tot he must not know ; I have come-in secret, de and I must stay itt secret-at least for a A! time-for I have no other place where T i can ono. "nBut, mistress, whykeephimgrievingl 1n51 He's grieved sorely 1" gil A soft flush rose instantly to the while tin face. li-f "If I could-only beliese that," ashe Sat murmured. Ex " It s gospel truth, mistress; the night the ye went away he was like a man dement." fat Alice Lee sighed restlessly, and- stirred out her slight form. In "-What did he say ?" she asked. bai "He feared you were caught in the sole storm, and he wandered sbouta' the night Dst seekine ye, and hislookwas terrible-and tsr nhi mistress, I never thought tso see ye Oct mairl e "I sill explain soon," said Alice; ,'' I '4 D have came back to know. something-to Sbe sore-and, Dorothy, will you give me. shelter, and 'keep' the secret that I am here from him ?" 1he "But mistress- !' ,,,. "It can be easily donea'I'have, hught' itiall over. Let me sleep ispyonrý roam, Durothy, up there. Ans4sheppointedjta the door which led to a mitrrow staircase, he which was the moils of sasdant.toDorothy's , bedroom, who slept above the-kitchen' "But how can the likes of you lie m, there?" he " It's a paradise to where I have been," and slice Lee shuddered. "Oh, Dorothy, be you don'tknow what I have gone through ast -I was mad. I went away with hardly any money, and I could make none. I ck have nearly starved." " Oh ! mistress, mistress." and the tears stood in the eyes of the honest creature o; who listened to this pitiable story.- "-WVhy be did ye go ?"' " I'll tell you someday, I'm too tired to ad night-oh ! so tired-but thankful to be warm and have a rest; WVhen did he come back Dorothy. and what did he say !" if "It's a week come to-day ; he sent me so money regular to keep on the house, and to when he comned in I asked for ye, and he asked if ye had na' written, and when I told him not, I saw the blank look in his face; liii lieoiily said ye waould come y g and-bye." "Al." and the listener's breath came quick; "he came to seek me then. I knew he wiias seeking'me-but'still I'niiit c. be sure." 1e "Just let me tell him plain out, mis Stress, when he conies in this night that ye are here." "t !' No, no, I will go if you doso ! Pro n mise me, Dorothy, you will give him no ie hint." S "I will do as you please, mistress. ° Still-" d "You must promise, Dorothy? Swear tthat until I give you leave he shall never d know that I am hidden here." She held out one of her wasted hands eagerly as she said this, and grasped Dorothy's brown, strong one. "Promise," Sshe said. " Say after me, I shall never tell until you give me leave." " Well, Mistress. I promise." "Take your Bible and kiss it, and say a it again-until I give you leave." P Dorothy obeyed her, solemnly lifting t and kissing the sacred book; and having r done this proceeded to look after her mistress's comfort for the night, opening. her linen-chest, and bringing out her best, which she aired and then carried to her I own little neat roomover the kitchen. SShe lit a.fire there, and' brought,such I luxuries from the other bedrooms as she thought would not be.mnissed, and which her mistress 'would require. And when all was.ready, she helped Alice up the Snarrow staircase, whoit looked round and s miled-as slihe entered the little room. " How nice it is !" she said. "Dear SDorothy, how nice you have made every thing; butt what will you do? Iam turning you out of your room. The kitchen settle will do bravely for the likes o'me, mistress; don't. thee fret about.me.", a . 'How good you ars !"'said .Alice, 1 gratefully, as she sank down on th'ifbed; 1 "Some day, Dorothy, I hope I shall be .1 able to repay all your kindness-you are 1 a good woman. Pray to-night that-that' 1 'srme day' will come soon" Dorothy bade her misiress good-light, 1 and then descended to tlhe kitchen, with a very solemn anLd shocked expression on her brown. and wrinkled face. Many things which she had long pondered over had now suddenly become plain,. and tl.e sad story of the poor lady upstairs seemed no longer, hidden from her eyes. - She had quarrelled with Dunidas,atdrunt away in her anger, and crept back weary, and loving still! Alice had sioken of Dundas as her brother to Dorothy; but now Dorothy began to doubt. She shook her head, and kneeled down,. and,.prayed long atid eariestly for ' the poor benighted one, whomi if she had wanidered from the straight path, it will please Thee, Oh IS Lord, to call back." S It was a heartfelt prayer; the old woman kneeling on the atone floor, with uplifted I hands and eyes raised in simple faith. She 1 believed at least that she was ecard; that I her lowly voice rose through the chorus of angels and arch-angels standing round the everlasting Throne, and this thought q gave deep solemnity and eartnestness to her words. - She was still on her knees when she heard Dundas open the, house door with his latch-key, and rising stiffly up she went to meet him. Did lie see the changed look in her face; the sorrowful reproach with which her.faded eyes rested.on his handsome features? No, he never noticed C her; lie nodded, bade her good- night, and 1 went into the dining-room to smoke; and I as the light clouds floated around' him, he was not thinking of the weary woman-who I by under his roof dreaming of him, but of the bright young beauty whom- he had just parted with, whose sweetest smiles 1 had been for him! \- (To be eontintuku ). 