SNATCHING3 IN TEE CITY. FBt A Pencil..! Timt every line which writt eu here may be Go to its mark straight and unerringly; That every laugh be clean aud fairly bought: That condemnation never go unsought: That cut, or thrust or lend approving che?r, Aim may be honest, thought and pui-posj clear. "Death is a Reaper with sickle keen/'' and he has wielded that sharp implement of hie vigorously lately. The very old and the very young are the principal victims, though public men of prominence have been prostrated by Death's co- worker, Disease,, in the very unpleasant character of The Influenza Scourge.. In the Legislative Council on Tuesday afternoon a week's adjournment was decided upon in conse quence of the illness of the Government representative (Hon. W_ Copley), who, though he did attend the house, looked almost ghost- like and ought to have been in bed. From the Assembly Sir John Downer and the Hon.. J- H. Howe have joined the ranks of members who have recently been absent owing to the all-pre valent influenza, and Bishop Kennion is ill in Melbourne- These are cases, only typical of hundreds of others- So the doctors are being overworked, whilst the chemists are making up their prescriptions by night and by day. The illness of Mr. Copley and the consequent adjournment of the Council are reviving, in the Parliament generally the idea that there should be a deputy-Government leader in the Legis- j lative Council, so that the work may pro- j ceed uninterruptedly should the chief : Ministerial representative be absent from the House for any cause whatever., j There have, of course, been deputations ! to the Government asking that the sen tences upon last week's rioters and alleged I rioters amongst the boot-makers should be j remitted. Also, of course, there has been much nonsense as well as some sense ! talked by those deputations, and by various j sectional societies; and equally, of course, j there has been the usual attempt to encircle the heads o£ wrongdoers, with halos, and to throw the blame of the riot ing upon the people who stopped it- So far will go some men with, excellent inten tions but defective judgment and men with strong ambition who will cringe to the mob in the hope of getting into Parlia ment; and it would be unfair to true unionism to take too much notice of frothy ebullitions of feeling-,, which are after all more of a theatrical display than anything more serious.. According to a fair inference from some of the speakers, however, the whole of the proceedings at the poiice court were conducted under a mistaken idea—the police and the press really committed the riots, and the hot-headed larrikins who threatened and yelled and hooted (knowing that they would be backed by some men in good social position) were peaceable citizens with whom it was a rascally shame and a monstrous injustice— "whirroo—to interfere!. In fact, if 100 roughs choose to molest and frighten, the life out of a man who is not a. rough,, and who has the monstrous effrontery to differ from their opinion about his own business, they are magnificent heroes, and any common policeman who presumes to inter pose between them and their victim is an abominable tyrant, who is interfering with the liberty of the subject! The error of the employers is in mistaking these roughs for unionists? the error of the unionists is in showing any sympathy with such per sons, because that sympathy naturally causes misapprehension. I have stated the extreme aspect of the contention; the more moderate view of some of the deputation was that, though guilty men (whether unionists or non unionists) should be punished, their guilt should be first clearly established, and their penalty should be proportioned to their offence- This is reason aud commonsense. Mere fanatical ravings against the magis tracy and the police will not hurt either ef the parties chiefly concerned, and real unionists will not thank men who ostensibly seek to serve them with foaming declama tory speeches- Words are so cheap 1 But really if things should continue to develop as some Adelaide men who ought to know better would like to see them develop it will be soon necessary for people with independent opinions to form themselves into vigilance committees and to carry revolvers so as to secure their liberty of conscience. The same view which some of the depu tation took of the recent riots in Adelaide has been taken by the Parnell party in reference to the Home Rule agitation. Since the death of their leader it appears, according to the statements of his followers, that he has been throughout a terribly injured innocent; that it was the McCarthy faction who sinned with Kitty O'Shea and split up the Irish party. Oh! this graceful elegy which pours forth whenever a notable sinner dies! What sham—what hypocrisy! Surely Parnell has not by dying made Ms original sin against his party any less serious!. Speaking of the deaths of prominent people, I ought to mention that the other ; day I heard two city men—one a crusted conservative, the other a radical republican —discussing the illness of Hugh Gilmour and the general notion that that dis tinguished ecclesiastic could not live much longer. " Oh 1" said the latter, enthusiastically; " how I do wish that he may live long to teach his socialism and earry on his splendid reforms. The death of" nearly all the Parliament would be a less serious loss than the death of good old Hugh Gilmour." "Well," cried the conservative, "as a man I like Gilmour; and if he would only stick to his gospel work, and not talk the socialistic stuff to which you refei", I hope he will live to be 100. But otherwise a lot of trouble would be saved to all concerned if he went to heaven with prompt dispatch." An old proverb says that there is some thing in the misfortunes of our best friends not altogether displeasing to us. A newer proverb might add that there is something in the deaths of our friendly opponents which we canbear with tolerable composure. That able lawyer and excellent gentle man, Mr. J". B. Sheridan, gave before the Adelaide branch of the Australian Natives' Association on Monday night one of the most remarkable iectures ever heard in this city- Where it dealt with law reform it was earnest aud eloquent. In other parts it was satirical with a satire uncom monly caustic. These samples are not ordinary stuff:—" Geographically speak ing, South Australia is bounded on the north by an income tax, on the south by the single tax, on the east by some stolen property, and on the west by the greatest force in nature—a vacuum. The Adelaide natives are harmless and peaceable- They are not all black. Some are not so black as they are painted. There are several painters in Adelaide, but there is one painter Adelaide will never want to cut. Adelaide possesses some knights. Adelaide nights ten months in the year are charm ing. They are sometimes apt to Its c. Id— perhaps because of the title and rearing big boots. With a view to centralization the Adelaide man has plzcad his 1 a:iatic Asylum at one end of Nort;i-terra x., his Parliament House at the other, and the; Destitute Asylum in the middle. 