How a Good Ship was Lost. ON tbe night of October 27th, 1842, the good ship 41 Mary oaiptoa,1' of Bristol, England, was struggling with a fearful gate off the ooast of North America. The wind blew furiously, but the weather was clear, and the Captain expected every moment to get sight of the light in the lighthouse on the Iron Liock Shoals. This lighthouse marked the entrance to the harbour. Once there, and they were safe. Sure of his position, he sailed on confidently. Five minutes later the ship struck with a fearful shock and wont to pieces. Four men, including the Captain, wore saved. On reaching the shore they found a strange thing had happeued. An onemy of the lighthouso keeper had bound him hand and foot and extinguished the light. Souls, as well as ships, steer by the lights. Hope is the most important lighthouse in the world. What shall be said of the man who darkens it in the face of a storm-tossed spirit ? " You are beyond human aid." These words were said by a physician to a woman who had come to consult bini. Admitting that he thought so, had ho the right to say so ? No ; for ho might be wrong-and io any rase he had no business to put out the ight. This woman bad been ill for some time. In June, 1889, sbo was greatly alarmed by her symptoms. Her heart palpitated, and she was so giddy she could scarcely stand. Her head whirled "and," she said, "all objects seemed to go into a cloud." She had to bold herself up or sit down for fear of falling. Sho broke out in a sweat although oold as death. A dreadful cough raoked her frimo so that she o«uld not lie down in bed and Bleep. " 1 oould scarcely crawl about the house," she says, " I was so weak. I tried different remedies and medicines without avail. I went to tho dispensary at New Briggate and asked the doctor to tell me the worst. His answer was, . I have mixed ' you some medi cine ; you can take it or leave it. I took it for three weeks, then gave up in despair., 11 X talked with two other physicians. The last one said, ' You are past human aid.1 41 My heart sank within me, for 1 had five little ohildron, and .my death would leave them without a mother's love and care. I went home and cried till I was sick. I had no appetite and bad lost flesh till I was thin as a ghost! My mother came to see me and did not know mo. My skin wus of a green and yellow colour, and when I ate anything it seemed to stick in my throat. About this time I commcnoed vomiting, and what I threw up was tinged with blood. Once I began to vomit at nine o'clock on a Saturday morning and scarcely got reut from it until Monday morning. ° At this time I remembered that Mrs. Wilson, with whom I formorly worked in Crawford's Mill, in East-street, Leeds (where I live), had been cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. So I sent to Mr. JesBon's, the Chemist, in Great Garden-street, and got a bottle. A few doees stoppod the vomiting, and by degrees from day to day I felt bettor. Soon I could eat a dry crust, and by the time I had finished, the seoond bottle I had got over all my bad symptoms, and was fast getting my strength book. I am now (April, 1890), in bettor health than over before in my life. 141 should have taken Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup sooner, but my husband was out of work and wo had only a trifle coming in from his club, but I thank God I did get it at last, and it cured me, bad off as. I was. All my frionds and neighbours know tho faots I havo related, and I will reply to any letters of enquiry." (Signed), Mrs. Ann Mills, 40, Bread-street, York Koad, Leeds. This was a oqbo of indigestion and dys* pep»ia, with symptoms showing how far it had affoatod tho nervous system. A few months, or possibly weeks more, and Mrs. Mills would havo had no tale to tell. Sbo did wrong to wait ono hour for any reason, after having known what Mothor Seigel's Curative Syrup had done for her friend Mrs. Wilson. A MAN haa boon fined £50 (a London correspondent of the Age writes) for declin ing to assist the police ia a row when oalled upon to do so in the Queen's name. A num ber ot " roughs "were rescuing a prisoner, and the reply of the gentleman in question was-"Not me; I don't want to get a hiding." I don't defend him-and certainly not in his grammar-but I don't think it was . unreasonable in him to keep clear of roughs. If they hit you-though "when they hit they make a hole*1-it is sot down to high spirits, and if you hurt them, which is very difficult, it is a serious matter. They are the favorites of the law. This is one of the results, but by no meaus the first fruits, of tlu> late sentence of 20 years' penal servitude upon a mm, who» in defending his life, killed u oouplo of these pests with a revolver. It is deeply regretted in tho neighbourhood where these sooundrels abound that, while he was about it-iod since ho could not have been moro severely punished than he had been- that he did not use a Maxim gun. 