r i . i — . . i 7 PEASOTJP'S PARABLES. A COMPILED PROM JE SO P'S ANECDOTES. (BT THE RELIGIOUS EDITMU- NO. III. THE GHOST, THE LION, AND THE STAG. | rpEdSSE be tho words which I, a simple son | -®- of man, speak unto the Gentiles; yea, | unto all the seed of the children of Adam | speak 1 this mandate. Give ear unto my 1 1 words, oh all ye who are not clnb headed, B | and soft as soothing syrup. Hearken unto 1 1 the words of wisdom which have como to 1 1 me, breathed into my nostrils as the breath II of -political life by one gone over the door- 1 1 step of timo into tho garden of everlasting 1 1 glory. I have been an hungered. Tea, x 1 1 as my soul liveth, I fell fainting by the || wayside, for as I looked around me X || behold a stiff-nocked and pervorsa 1 1 generation, whose glory was centred in a || prize slugging match, and whose highest || ambition was to know how to cross-counter 8 1 on the jaw. And I wept, for it seemed to 1 1 me that tho salt had lost itB savor, and 1 1 there wore none good upon tho earth ; no, || not ono, and I folt like a sow in asawpit, || and my spirit folt heavy within mo, || for I said, who shall teach the || people of Sydney that there is somothing || on earth worth living for beside a horse || race and boat-pulling swindle; and I 1 1 grew monrnf ul, and wended my way out || towards Mount Bonnie, and taking with || mo a small phial about the size of a horse 1 1 bucket full of a neotar called fantod, mixed || by tho skilled hands of "Little Bull," the || Bad-eyod medicine man of the "Wild West || show, I Bat me down and communed with 1 1 the phial and with nature, and I fell into ' || a trance; and Jo ! I saw tho heavens fi| opened, and a great carpet bag was let || down, and in it was all manner of rubbish || from a .Postmastor-Genoral upwards. And 1| I gazed in silence, but a deep voice whoso || ringing tones had often made my ears || vibrate fell upon tho stillness like the veil || of a boy when ho sits down after treading || on a stray hit of banana peeling in Markot- streefc; and tho voice said postmasters . may be big cattle down hero, but they count for mighty littlo up above. And lo! I looked intently upon the speaker, and I saw in my vision tho faca of one whose like we shall not soon behold again. william bede dallet, wrapped in his graveyard vostments, stood before mo, and he said : " Go, thon teacher of the people, let the bold Bird o' Freedom spread this message over the earth, and tell the stiff-necked and slab- sided unbelievers to listen unto the gospel op federation, for it is about to shake the earth south of tho lino to its very centre. Tell them that the Chinaman is arming himself to overrun tho earth, and that the over crowded citieB of England aro abont to vomit forth their thousands of poor and criminal and land them upon our shores. Tell this sport-loving people that cricket and boxing and racing and rowing is not tho road to tho kingdom of plenty and greatness and prosperity. Toll them all this in the name of' William Bedo Dalloy. And I said of a truth, " Thou art a know ing one, a cuto old file, hut will they be lieve me?" "Nay, that will they not, for the ordinary Australian would rather know how to cut a cricket- hall to the boundary lino for four run3 than lio'd know how to discover the North Pole or write a poem that'd wipe out Byron's best efforts. You're protty cuto for a ghost, but you're hardly up to our folks yet," and the shado repliod : " Oh ! stupid andperverso generation that looketh for a sign, yot will I give thoe a token," and ho waved his near-side hand, and, lo ! a picture rose before me which is pourtrayod heroin. On one side of the ocean, close down by the seashore, stood a noble stag, a kingly animal, hoary with age ; and I looked, and behold ! I saw a brand in flaming letters on .tho flanks of the forest king, and it road liko this : sir hercules robinson, And I knew him, for at ono time this game beast had ruled over tho herd in Now South Wales, and was a credit to the forest that bred liim and the plains over which he ruled ; and while I gazod upon him another mighty beast came forth and stood upon this side of the sea-shore, and it WAS A LION, and its mane was white as the driven snow, and its limbs were shrunken with age ; but it was still regal in its pride, and this creaturo was also branded on tho fifth rib thnsly : BIB HENRY PABKES, and tho two Eoyal animals roarod at one another until the earth seemed to tremble, and tho sea tamed to blood, and the stars fell from thoir Bplieres, and tho sun went out, and I folt as if I'd caught cramp in the digestive departments, and I said unto tho shado of Bede Dally, " Let up pardner, I'll quit." But the Bhadow replied, "Thou frail thing, I will interpret all this roaring, so that thou mayost know how to teach mankind, and lie stretched forth his hand and said, The stag, tho king of dalo and dull, hath said unto tho lion, tho lord of the forest and tho Treasury benches, ' Sir "Enory, thou doest well, old party ; Federation is the stop- ping-stono to Australia's future greatness. Fourteen years ago when I was king in New South Wales I advocated Federation, and now I say unto thee, thou great ono, - leave off making post-office images for tho people to giggle at, and bind thcao great particles into one mass, and rule' over them, and be the lion op australia, or before long tho country will be overrun with cheap Gorman and other Continental labor, and a strong hand mast bo at tho helm of tho ship of State. Bless theo thou hoary one, bless thee thou wiso one,, bless' theo thou knowing one, got fair on tho job, and waste no timo about it, for the jackalls aro already at tho heels of tho lion. " And the lion replied to tho stag, saying " Sir 'Ercnlos, I'm after the hair of any animal that meddles with this job. I'm going to federate 'thiB mighty continent, and by tho force of my superior intellect I am going to weld it into a great power. I'd have gone in for separation and inde pendence if I'd been a younger lion, but my olaws aro getting worn down now though. I can still striko doopor and harder than any of my foes, but I daro not hopo tokeopup myroyal power long enough to seo independence an accomplished fact, therefore I'm out on the war trail for Federation. Adieu, 'Ercules, old stag, adoo. Then the shado of tho groat lawyer bowod solomnly and grandly, whistled for an office hoy to bring up its coffin, and tho vision pa3sod away. Moral. If folks who have brains will kindly let sport be sport, and give proper attention to tho politics of tho country, thoy will seo that tho destiny of a nation is being forged under their very noses by ono able and onergetic man. 