THE GHOSTS MR. BESANT HAS .:... SElEN. In his weekly letter, Air. Walter Besant has the following:--' A very good ghost story one of a churchyard and a phantom funeral - has been printed in the Liverpool lIst, and copied in the lall .Ilall Utzetlte, where I saw it. My personal experience of spooks is not much, but it is, perhaps, more than falls to the lot of most. The first 'figure' I eversaw was about I o'clock on an evening in September. I had bhen writinogup to the last moment of daylight; it became too dark for me to see any longer, and I knocked off; as I turned from the window I became aware that a female figure wasin the room; it made no sign, but itmoved about noiselessly. As I looked it disanpeared. I was then living as a bachelor in chambers, and my outer door was closed, so that nobody could be in the room except myself. Another experience, and a far more singular one; was this. I was travelling in Northumberland. The day I had opent mo driving over a wild and lonely moor to a village situated in the midst of it-a village built round the quad rangleof what had beena monastery. There' was the old gate left: part of the buildings ; part of the wall.; the quiet village enclosed, bh. betiafedGrc ; there were only two or three hundred people living here: outride ran and babbled the trout stream with its high bank covered with bushes and brambles and wild flowers. -All round stretched the moor. At the inn. where I took some tea or some. thing, they talked to me about the past; the p:ace was filled with echoes of the past; whispers and voices were heard at night; things had been seen in the bedroome. A wonderful place; nowhere else in England is there a more wonderful place. I drove back and spent the evening alone in my inn, readit?s certain books of the Queen Anne time, and at 11 o'clock went off to bed. My -room was a very old room, nod the inn itself was at least 300 years old. All this is in troduction in order to show you why the thing that I saw took the shape that it did. For in the middle of the night I woke suddenly -and sat up startled. I found the room perfectly light : the door, which I had locked, flew open, and there walked in three ladies, dressed in the Queen Anne costume, with the pretty old stisf cardbeard ornament of the head and everything. Never before had I understood how beautiful was the Queen Anne dress. The ladies sitting down on chairs round Ohe fire (which was now burning merrily) began to talk, but I know not what they said. Suddenly-it shames me to confess the thing-I was seized with a horrid terror. I leaped from the bed, pulled back the curtains, and pulled up the blind. It was about three in the morning, and twilight. Then I turned to my vi.itors; they slowly faded away. The light slowly went out of the room; the fire slowly burned low : the figures slowly became faint: they slowly vanished. Who were they? Well. You see that I have. seen things. ButI have heard nothing. No com munication has ever been made to me from the other world at all, except by the spirit Katie, and she only talked rubbish through a medium, snd I had to pay a pound forit." 