HOUSE OF RIMMON. ; A 8T0KY OP THE " BLACK OOUNTBY" OP . SOUTH STAFFORDSHIRE. CHAPTEK XUL—(CoxnxuED). St JEAJTIE 6WTKKE BEITANT, Author of Atraii SiEcaEf'e Two Legaotes," eto. " Milie pai.doius, my good friend,'' eaid ike foreigner. "It is as" dark as the grave, this country, of yours. I am despair to find icy way to Mr. Hack beet's." " The way isn't through me," responded Mr. Eimpler irately, and imagining for Bome reason THAT he recognised the voice. " What do TOO want with Mr. Hackbit ? I belong to that " Well, I am come to Wolverhampton,'" replied the foreigner confidentially, " to do some conjuring performances. They axe not elevated people at all: they will not give up a koo^i bat I most pay first; and the printer, he most sot print raybills until I do firstpay him. 2s tfaia not strange? And I am absolutely without the means to pay till I have performed. X an without watch, and many other things, which Monsieur the pawnbroker u In possession of, at the last place I am m ; and a kind gentleman to whom I explained my difficulty has told ma you axe agent for a money- lending Rimnlpr thought," Hwckbit wouldn't be too jtfeaaed to have aia private address given," and wondered who could, have done it. "It would not matter eo much," the foreigner went on, " bat I have an incumtmzice with me, in the eh&pe; of a woman who is no longer young, and no longer pretty, who, lite the cherubim in your Church prayers, ' continually doth cry * " and be waited evidently expecting pity on this point; but Mr. Simpler only Iangned. " I see yon have never been in a like situation or yon would not laugh. It is no matter for laughter, I will weoxeyon." " That's all you Imow about it. Why don't you. get xid of (he woman F" " I have already done BO many times, but she feas a fine inatinrit, die. She comes again; aadeo, if she were in her giavB, ehe would come again, that woman " '' All right," B&id; Eimpler; " you go up that way," vaguely indicating, "and I'll follow you." \- "if you have no objection,! will wait for It is not inviting, that road. I have i everywhere, bnt never have I eeenany- STDcethls." " - " Jut 1 have an objection. Yon won't hurt yourself. Foreigners are always so rash." He had' picked up that word in the neighbourhood. •'If yon do not object," eaid the foreigner, "you will be eo good B8 to lead me to a place of safety a little farther on, where I will remain while you speak with ma'em'seUe.'' Simpler was furious. " Confound you," he said," what do you mean?" I thought the ma.*em*selle was waiting for some one by that piece of building." " It isn't for me, at all events," said Eimpler, telling a lie. "Oh, then,if it is not for you, I will tell you, I have spoken with her, but she is no diickea, she." Bim^pr wbb thinking, " How could he have found that out in the dark?" and said so. "There was nothing of sbynees in her manner," said the foreigner, "ana I did gather from other indications " Simpler decided that Dorcas should wait it out that night, and went on with the foreigner to Hackbit's, where a loan was arranged. CHAPTER LXHL—A COSTLY RELIEF. The little matter of business Monsieur Pelboifl lad to transact with Mr. Hackbit was arranged actually in that gentleman's absence. Kezith bad been up at her mother's all day, so- Mr. Hackbit took the opportunity of looking over all her belongings, imagining that he might discover some preparations for flight. But he was disappointed. He found nothing in Keziah's orderly drawers and boxes but the most natural and ordinary things. Inconeistent as it must appear, he was angry at not what he had sought, and a resolve ' came into bis mind,' without his being per-' fectly conscious of it. If people put themselves in a frame -of mind to do a thing, they are ftretiy sme to find an opportunity, and themselves prepared to act. Hamate opportunity came this night. TCtmah had returned in time for supper, which had been put off owing to Mr. Eimpler's and Mr. Hackbit's non- appearance. SQas and Hoaseor Pelbois in first, and remained in the office some time, the foreigner going away before Hackbit's return. That gentlemm made a great noise in the entrance-hall when he did come, and to all appearance had been HWff^g ^gwin. TTo came in smiling, justas be always smiled when he was going to iiiyffimgnp | »i*«Hy«ir»»iM»''. " WeO, Simpler," he eaid sarcastically," I i are enjqyinp my wife's teociety." ~ 7hit her lip, txwnes of, them, whose ftiijit'"'' knowledge is graat, said something •bout not gathering figg fawn thistles. I wish I had thought of that when I married my wife. We're all fools till we learn. I took her for a saint. ¥<» know what she is. Simpler. Did you ever see a man ao infernally sold ?' TTwnaii fixed her black eyes with wrathful intensity on Hackbit's face. "What do you want to goad me to do ?" said she. Is there anything yon axe anxious to be goaded into doing P* replied Hackbit, Beating himself in a chair, and tipping it up on the hind lees. Keziah looked as If about to quit the room, bat ehe changed her mind, and satdown. She would not have done EO had ehe known what would follow. " Have you ever heard the story about my vrife, Eimpler r" wait on Hackbit, insolently. She had s situation at Leamington^ and managed to get over the medical man in attendance at the house, who wan subsequently taken up on a charge of murder. She then laid her traps for me, and here X am. Anyone nughtpity me.'* "How dare you insult me BO!" broke out Sbeieot the room, followed byinsoient laughter. She did not appear ogam thai night. A bed had been ptepaxed fbeber propoly in the spare room, ance the night ehe had Iain there on thebaxe bedstead. - \- Backbit went to bed rather eaHy. for him. B y r g t e ; lad^m n^not goii^^to a ebeet of white paper nnd^aome etonea. Hie CTimriiwd it z nothing waa wiUbub it. He bad eat in bis room Blently for a loDg tu^ wihra be bearda crealniig upon the stain. Somtfcody was down; of course, it was ir^.v Hswaitedaotne time patiently; but fae<UanotMehera{»iearoatiBde:x He thought tobiMe^ aehefcadgooe to meet that fdkiw Elworihy, they must have gone round to the back of me back of the house; so he determined to go round and reconnoitre. The house was quite stQL He thought he might venture to do it. The landing window lay between^7the room where Keziah was now sleeping and the night nursery. He thought, if they were in the garden behind, he should hear as well as see from this position. It was his habit when he went into a new house to try all the locks and all the windows, to learn if they had any peculiarity of opening and shutting. This he always managed to do in a natural manner. Consequently, he bad ascertained that the landing window would open without a sound, though his own would not. So he very quietly raised the window, and put his head out. He could see nothing, it was so dark. But then, he argued, " If I can see nothing, the same darkness renders me invisible to others, which is also something." Tes, there was some one moving below, and the sound of low voices. " I tun afraid to stay in the same house with him," he heard eay. "Yet if I freed myEelf, and went away from him, then he and all the world would say it was to go to you, which I would never do, except as now." A low voice answered, " la my reputation worth more to me than you are, Kizzy ? You must come to me, if you have so much reason to fear. And why not P These laws are men's laws, and not God's. You are mine by right. What does it matter what people say^ You would go away, far from the reach of their voices. It could not matter to you then." " If no one knew, I should know," was Keziah's reply. " No, I will never do that. If I leave my husband's roof, you must promise me faithfully you wOl never see me or speak to me again." She was so earnest that she could not but promise. Bnt he felt in his heart he had promised more than he could perform. In the battles of the soul it is a question of the right of the strongest; and love for Keziah, and desire to possess her, were stronger this time with poor Blworthy than any'man-made laws. Silas, who had heard every word of this, felt he had been having a very good time; and aa they caased talking, and appeared to separate, he alowly bsgan to put down the window. But something happened that made him stop suddenly in the operation. Something appeared to fly at him, and was pouring down upon liim He was taken eo much unawares that he could not help crying out, whereupon he was seized by the throat and hair, and shaken about as if he had been a pillow: after which he was flung upon the landing, and received the contents ot a bucket, which nearly chocked him. He could do nothing but utter inarticulate sounds. Nor did the experience terminate aa yet. Suddenly he felt himself being dragged, in the darkness, along the landing into his own room. Then a voice for the first time accosted him. It was Wilson's. " Take that for a lesson, you sneaking eavesdropper,' * Ehe said; 1 ' and tell anybody about it if you wish to "—this in a tone that showed Silas plainly she was acute enough to know he would eay nothing about it. He dragged himBelf up from the floor after a moment or t wo, and struck a match. His door was shut. He heard a wiping of something going on outside, and concluded that Wilson was wiping up the spilt water. He lit his candle, and remembered savagely that he had been unable to utter a word or do anything, and wished he had the time over again. Mr. Simpler slowly and with some of his ordinary manner advanced towards the glass, and looked at himself, which he continued to do for some minutes. His face bad assumed its normal brick-wall expression. At length he began:— "ItemNo. 1, cravat missing: item No. 2, black mirk on left eye ; item So. 3, portions of hair missing ; item Nn. 4, shirt front torn out—as near as possible," he added; " item Ko. 5, large lump on bade of head, can't see it, can fed enough to make up for that; item Ko. 6, a dreadful feeling along the vertebrae, from top to bottom, indescribable, can't see that either; item No. 7, a large' piece of cuticle mimnng under black eye, will necessitate a piece of plainer; item Kb. S," he said, as he began to takeoff his clothes, " every one of my thmga as wet as if I'd been swimming in them; item No. 9, can feel another lump coming out over the left .eye; item No. 10, an inf»m«i headache. All this to be put on paper." Mr. Simpler wrapped himself in a blanket, and wrote down his list of items in his pocketbook, to be remembered against Wilson for ever, and while he wrote, Witeon had cleared away all the mess, and was anxiously waiting for Kpriafi to come in. And now that her exertions were over, and that she had had the pleasure she had longed for, of giving it to " that Eimpler," a feeling of depression cune over her. She had beard Keziah's voice below. "Then it is true," she thought, after all. " What a pity!" and she waited and watched for Keziah's coming in. But Kwiili was at that moment being persuaded never to come in any more, and she was wavering. But she and Rupert had heard the cry. though ihey had not recognised the voice; and they thought they had been discovered. Keziah had clung desperately to Rupert's arm and he held her firmly. " Come away, Kizzy, my dear love, while there is yet time. If you go he will murder you, now he has discovered. Why should you throw yourself into the jaws of death at random, and ruin my life too, for such a villain as he ia ? What could the world say against you f They know what he is. Kizzy," he pleaded, " you are so brave, and have dared so much. Come, dare the world's opinion, and go with me. I have plenty of money. I could get a practice abroad, easily. Think, let love decide, to whom do yon owe allegiance 'i To that who has done nothing to earn it; or to me, who am ready to do everything for your sake ? You trusted yourself to him : can you not trust yourself to me ? Think, Kizzy. all you have made me suffer. Can you imagine what my feelings must have been, to come out of prison to find the one who should have been true to me, though all else had failed—to find you belonging to another ? Do you not owe me anything, Kizzy, for loving you so after all this ? But you must decide now, this very moment. Someone will be here. You must decide between him and me." And not waiting for a reply, he led her with his strong arm about her, down the gardan path and out at the gate. She had been scarcely conscious of anything but the strength of what he said, till now that she was moving away. She stopped with a new strength, and loosed his arm from about her. " No," ehe eaid, " I can but die. I will go back. He will think all this evil against me. He shall never have reason. Since I have lost you, my sdf-respect is the only thing loft to me; and would you, who Bay you love me, rob me of that ?" He did not offer to take hold of her agsin. A streak of light was beginning to be visible in the east, and the objects in the garden began to be defined.- "Oh!" she said, with a shudder, " it is growing daylight; another moment, and it would be too late for me to go back." And even while she spoke she fled away, and entered the housa. As she went she heard a great sob follow, and it wrung her heart. She hesitated one moment. "Is he worth this sacrifice," ehe Eaid to herself, " of both our lives 'r" But even while die thought, a voice within her bade her go back. She entered the house. A tall figure intercepted her path It vraa Wilson. "Oh, Miss Kizzy," she said, calling her .bv the old familiar name in a heart-broken kind of way, "I wouldn't have believed it of yon, I wouldn't.'' Keziah, in her old impetsous manner, flung her arms shout Wifcxn, and et£e«i upcn her shoulder. " Do not judge me eo harshly,** ehe eaid. " You would not if you knew alL" Wilson was nnreleoting though crying; die was angry with Keziah, and aa yet had no comprehension of the ease. " I know appearances are against me, end I cannot make you believe in me. But I have done nothing eo very wrong." " Oh, don't make light -of it, miss. It e not be light, whichever way you put it." _ " I know I ought not_to have met him. I never shall meethim again." " It's too late to mend matters now," said Wilson. " I'm not the only one as has seen you to-night, and has heard ail." "Do you mean my husband?" asked faintly. " No," said" Wilson, bitterly. " Yon might know who it is—that fiimpler. And be will tell everything, and it will be just as bad." " Oh, Wilson, there's no pity for me in your tone. Do I not deserve some pity r" " You've been drove to it. I know. But that never counts for much. The only thing as counts is that you* redone it. And oh, that I should have lived to see this day !" "Shall I go and tell my husband all about it before Mr. Simpler can go to him?" said Keziah, ina tone that might be used in a forlorn hope. Wilson hesitated. "No." at last she replied, "Ithinknot, miss. His anger might be so that he wouldn't know what be «lid to ybu, if he heard it from von." And Keziah felt that a stronghold of her integrity had died ; for ehe could not say to her husband?" Hie never tried to persuade «ne to Leave you." Some women might have eaid it, even if untrue ; lint Keziah could not. She feared this must come out with the rest. She would not tell part of the truth, bat the whole truth, if rifemnst speak. And even if ehe did not apeak, her bn»fMma would «ome to bar, and she would have - had%rown larger. Wilson started. She noticed ] she could see Keziah now—the outline of her figure. " The servants will be corning down," she said: " go to your room. It is a wonder they axe not down before, but I have been so staggered, I had not thought of it." _ Keziah fled ^up the staircase like a creature afraidof the light, and Wilson went to Leonard, who was It was soon breakfast time. Keziah had dressed herself nicely, why, she could hardly have told, for she felt she wa* going to hear her sentence. 1 To her great surprise, on going to the breakfast-room, for it wae not Keziah to absent herself, Mr. Eimpler was there before her. and appeared calm, as if nothing had happenecL Hit had a black eye, and a plaster under it, which Keziah did not remember to have seen before, and which Mr. Simpler blunderingly proceeded to apologise {or, saying he had tumbled over something in his room in the dark; be did not attempt to say what. Keziah felt he was telling her a lie, and : instinctively the idea cune into her mind that he had had a tussle with Wilson, and die smiled. Strange that human beings are so constituted that, in the moments when they are saddest and most sore pressed, the captive mind releases itself from bondage in spite of all control, and catches eagerly at an opportunity for i mirth. So Keziah smiled in the depth of her trouble. A few minutes later Mr. Hackbit came down. He was much as usual, rude and inattentive, and aggravating. But, beyond this, nothing occurred. Was the storm about to blow over, or was its breaking only deferred? Could Wilson have been mintahpn about Sampler's, having found her out ? These questions puzzled Keziah extremely, and she could not help thinking about tbiem in spite of herself. After breakfast she noticed that Mr. Eimpler made no attempt to have private communication with her husband, ana ehe remarked this to Wilson, and said that he might not know, or, if he did, he might not be going to tell. Have you ever seen a cat with a mouse, missP' was the answer. "She lets it run about, ami think itself free, because she can put her foot on it when ahe likee." Well," said Keziah, wearily. » Only if it is to come, I wish it would come quiddy." CHAPTER XLIY.—JUBAI- REVISITS Juhmet. That morning, when it was nearly dinner- time at the house of Rimmon, Jubal and his uncle David were coming across the Old Park from the station of Jumley. What a heathenish place this is!" Jubal remarked to his uncle, looking scornfully around at the wretched tumble down buildings, the literally black road, and the great mounds of cinders, and ominous-looking holes. " Really, I had no idea it was half so bad aa this." " Ah, Jubal," said his uncle, " we never can judge a place tall we've another to compare it witn. When I waa a little lad, and used _ to carry your grandfather's dinner in a basin tied up in a handkerchief. I should have been ready to slay anyone as had said Jumley wasn't the finest place in the world. No, not that," said David, bluBhing slightly. " I was always more like running away than slaying anybody. But these minei," he went on, pointing with his walking stick, " weren't worked out then, Juba', that is, all of 'em weren't. And Joshua, your lather, Dorcas, and I, and the dear baby that died, we used to play of a night, at hopscotch with a piece of coal, in this very place, and we used to run over the pit-banks until it got dark. And you see that house over there, Jubal V" he B&id;, indicating the remains of one; " many's the time Pve seen your grandfather washing what he c tiled * the first coat* off, outside that door. There was always a bench standing there, with a tub on it, ready for him. Your grandmother was a very clean woman, and she couldn't bear to have her place mesaed up, she said, as soon as it waa cleaned." " Well, nude," rejoined Jubal, with a high colour iu his cheeks, " I mean no offence; but for our future comfort, it may be aa well that I should just eay, that I am not particularly proud of having had a grandfather who worked in a coal- pit; nor am I particularly interested in detailed accounts of his methods of performing a toilet; nor of games played to my father and aunt Dorcas and you. And if 1 bnng any fellows home with me, as you told me I may, I beg you will not mention this kind of thing. Of course, I mean so offence. Bnt fellows are apt to look down on this sort of thing. I don't mean to say my grandfather might not have been a very good man." "He was a very good man," said his uncle in a low tone. He was taking iu with difficulty what he was bearing, and he waa wounded. Jubal went on— You see, however interesting the*e accounts may be to members of the family, they cannot be interesting to outsiders." " But you are not an outsider, Jubal,** replied hia'uncie, in the same grieved tone. "Stall,you see," went on Jubal, "I never knew my grandfather, which is almost equal to not belonging to him. And," he added, taking out a cigar, and lighting it, at the same time being very careful not to soil his strawcoloured glove, which fitted to a nicety, and was bordered by the whitest of whits cuffs, " I can't say that I know a single member of the family that anyone would like to belong to except you." And Jubal glanced through his long lashes, at his uncle's face, to see the effect of his little compliment. He saw only the troubled look. David Rimmon did not care much for compliments, and did not see them readily. But he did notice Juhal's cigar, and said to him— " Well, Jubal, if I were you, I wouldn't go into your father's house smoking, seeing he dislikes it so." " I would do a good deal to please you, uncle, but I shall not come here to palaver my father. They are not to kill the fatted calf on my behalf, and hail the prodigal returned. And that is the kind of atory he'd tell to all the clerks in the bank, if I humoured his wishes ever so little. If he says I'm penitent, it shall be a direct lie, he shan't have a foundation of excuse for it. And see. uncle," he said, pointing with his hand in which he held his lighted cfear for a moment, " as you are fond of re min Usenet, there ia the noble edifice occupied by grandmother during the latter part of her delightful sojourn in this neighbourhood." David, slow though he was, could take the impression of a tone aa quickly as anyone; and he felt that Jubal had known her as a querulous old woman, it was true; but David bad known her as the patient, hard-working mother of the family. He could remember many a time being rocked in her arms at the cottage door, when he had fallen down, or when some playfellow had been hitting him. He did not put all this in words, but he said with a gentle dignity which became hiin greatly— " You asked me, Jubal, not to Bpeak about your grandfather, or our childhood. I now beg of you not to refer to youx grandmother, whom you never knew—I repeat it, never knew ; for people ere not themselves bat someone else, when they are worn down by many griefs." " Oh, all right, nude," said Jubal. " I didn't mean to hurt you. It's all true what you say. I wa& only joking either." " "Chat was just it," said David; " you were joking.*' They were now passing a ruined enginehouse"; and Jubal, happening to glance down, saw lying half-hidden nnder a rusty wheel what appeared to be a bundle of parchment. He took it up, and put it into bis pocket. " What's that h'' asked his uncle. "A bit of old parchment somebody has thrown away »* " But yju have never examined it. It might be some important document. I don't know bow you axe to know, if yon don't ewniiie It." The fact is that Jubal did know what it was, and did not wish his uncle to know—that is, he knew to a certain extent. He had recognised bis father's handwriting upon it; that cms enough for him. Yes ; the knife bad been to the grinder's, and bad got sharpened; but it seemed to have dreams of cutting on its own account Jubal, having a notion that his uncle was pondering over what he had picked up, and wishing to change his thoughts, remarked, "What an awfu mess this road makes of one's boots and one's trousers!" " You can turn your trousers up," replied his uncle, looking down at Juhal's. "I turned mine up in the station." *' Bnt you see," return Jubal, in a lordly fashion, " trouser-battoms never sit well when they've betn turned up. It quite epoils the look." This kind of talk was bsyoud David's comprehension. But just a* he iuul always thought that Joshua knew better than he did, eo now be thought that Jubal did, at least in mist thiagB. Che stronger will bas* often this kmd of esffect on the weakerOne. A- strong wind is propelling a boat on a. coam whin threatens disaster; surely the wind cannot be at fault Why then trouble to alter the sails? Hie boat may be blown upon the rocks and smashed to atoms, but what of that ? One meat submit to the will 'ofJftoridence, ..,,/. Jubal pulled bfe coat a little down, and smoothed ft wrinkle, They were in the road where his father lived. In the houses they bad to paas, people^night be at the windowspeople be bad knpwn, sad win bad known him when be was shabby, and used to go about with' a stoop. Boys h» used to plav marbles would probably eee boa. Wdl, if they did, they should sea a gentleman, fashionable man of the world, Jubal thought, who was not ruined by his father's disinheriting him, who was not coming home in sackcloth and ashes to denote his repentance, but in as fashionable a suit as the best Manchester tailor could make for him, and with an air and w«iiimr befitting such clothes. It was no beggar r*mif"g to his father's house to ask bread. Jubal went as a prince conferring a favour by his presence. The door was opened. Sarah, who had not seen Jubal so long, could hardly keep her joy in. She seized him after the manner of the Black County people, not too gently. " And, oh, what a beautiful gentleman he's gxowed into," she exclaimed. " Blest his handsome ^fwse.". ' It was not until she bad exhausted as many epithets as she could think of, that Bhe began to notice that Jnbal was not so effusive. In fact, he was considering whether she had been cooking, and might possibly grease his clothes. He said— , _ " Oh, so it'syou, Sarah., How do you do ?" This without a smile, and in a very condescending way; and he was a"bout to pass her, when he turned back, and putting his hand in hie pocket, took out half-a-crown. " Here, Sarah," he said, superiorly, " you lent me half-a-crown once; here it ia. I just remembered it." - Sarah stared at him in blank amazement, but did not hold out her hand—the hardworking, rough hand that was always so kindly and so ready to labour to the uttermost in loving offices for those she cared for. Jubal dropped the half-a-crown into her hand, taking great cars not to touch her with his glove. The touch of the cold metal seemed to Sarah realise the truth. She flung it from her, and flungher apron over her head, and began to sob, while she gasped out— " No, I will never take it; no, not if I were starving. To think that I would ha' give all my savings for one shake of his hand." Jnbal flushed,and drew off one of his tigbtfittingjgloves. *' Dear me," he said," if it's a shake-hands you want, I don't object to shaking hands and he held out a hand white enough to have done a lady credit, but the girl would not take it- How many have bad to Buffer a Me disappointment: litow few. are prepared for it beforehand. Oar brother or our sister goes away from us for years, to come back again, so the world says. The body returns, perhaps, but the same self never. We have said good-bye to that person for ever. Yet those who etay at home think of the absent day and night during the long years, and break their hearts when but a ghost of the' lost one comes home. Jubal merely did as the world does ; only Sarah had never thought out the question. She knew that for years she had lightened his life when he was at home and miserable, that she had during the part Week prepared all kinds of pleasant surprises for him. And now he treated her like a stranger, and did not even shake hands witfi her. O simple Sarah J with your good heart, yon have made and bidden away in the cupboard an applepasty for him; but his tastes nave changed, he does not care for apple- psstv now. I'ati de foie grds is more in his line. You may as well leave, the' pasty in the cupboard where it is. But people in the Black Country don't cry quietly. They do nothing by halves. And Sarah s cry brought MiBb Dorcas on the scene, resplendent in a green silk. " Whatever** this disturbance about r" said that lady. But her eyes falling on her nephew, she was thunderstruck by his appearauce. Could this handsome figurethat might have come out of a gentleman's fashion-book be her nephew J ubal f It seemed impossible. " How d'ye do, aunt i" sail Jubal, extending the tips of his fingers. " I think you ate too fine for such a house as this." die remarked somewhat cuttingly. " We are not grand enough for such a fine gentleman." " Ah," said Jubal, with a mode bow. (Sarah had slipped awav into the kitchen.} " It ia not to enjoy myself I have come, but to see the nakedness of the land. You see," he said, honing his father was somewhere within hearing, " I've not let my Scripture knowledge rust. But really aunt, you ate behind the times down here at Jumley; green isn't in fashion, you know, now—not in Manchester.'* This waa a very spiteful thrust, and it went home. " You are very rude, indeed," rejoined Dorcas, feeling the glory die out of her gxeen ailk nevertheless. X get the fashion-plates regularly. I know what's in fashion better than you. Well, David," she said, turning abruptly towardsherbrother; and a cool family ldaa was exchanged. But where was Urn. Simmon all this time F Will it be believed she was within hearing, and vet did not come to speak to her eon? Sbewaa half- afraid. He did not seem to have received the others well; what would he think of her V Jubal went into the dining-room, not seeing Us mother in the dark passage leading into the The table was laid for dinner. Jubal looked at everything on the table, while hit uncle and his father shook hands. Mr. Bimmon was determined not to be the first to speak to bis son, and Jnbal decided that be could live without «>»nki>g bands with his father; so there was no sort of greeting between them. Juba meant to speak to bis father, if there were any occasion, as he would speak to any stranger; and aa occasion came. Jubal sat down on one of the chaira, and got up again directly, looking scornfully at it. " You don't mean to say that you've not had the spring of that chair mended jet r" he said to his father; and that was all. Dinner must come in, and Mrs. Bimmon knew she could delay no longer; sa she timidly entered the room, her face nervously working, and her tears ready to falL Jubil kissed her. and held her from him and looked at her, and kissed her again. " The farce has begun, has it 'r" said Miss Dorcas, seeing this. 1 1 No," said Jubal, standing with hia arm round his mother's waist, " it has not. The farce will begin when the minuter comes in to tea, and you and father act the loving family before him." When Keziah entered tlis room, very pale, and looking paler in her black dress, which she wore for her grandmother, Jubal could hardly believe it waa hia sister. The short, crisp, black curls were the same as ever, but the features appeared to be changed; they were more pointed—a change due to thinness. She went first and kissed her ancle David. He pressed her hand encouragingly, and was mum tenderer than ever in his manner towards her. Then Keziah went behind J ubal's chair, and, leaning over, kissed his forehead. "Oh, Keziah," exclaimed Jubal, starting, " bow frightfully cold your lips are !" " Are they ?" said Kea'ah, with a wan smile; and she took her place at the taMe, kissing her mother as she passed her. The door wa* now flung open, and Mr. Hackbit swaggered in, and surveyed the company with a leer. He gave a general nod, eat down and placed hia napkin across bis knee*. " Well, brother-in-law," said Jubal, across the table, " your valet baa neglected you this morning. Do you know your toilet's xatbex defective ?" Mr. Hackbit looked severely across at Jubal, and remarked with some asperity that he would rather wear no clothes at all than be dressed up like a loll, as Jubil wns. Dorcas was sitting next to him. " Your necktie's right under your ear," she said, " and you look as if you d been to bed in your clothes." "And you," retorted Hackbit, looking critically at hia aunt and her get-up, " you look as if you'd just come out ten under a glass shade, you do." " Oh, don't let ns have any quarrelling," put in David. What can be the use of that it" After dinner, Jubal announced his intention of taking a stroll. The mother would have Iiknd to have begged him to remain with her, but bow could she dictate to this «on who had grown into such a gentleman t " Yes, shoar youmelf to the inhabitants,'" was Hackbit's comment. " You'll collect a crowd if you go out." "You'll collect a bigger crowd than I shall, some day," retorted Jubal. " And really. Hackbit," be eaid, eying hia brother- in-law with a good bit of merriment in hia face, " I want to light a cigar, and I believe I could do it at your nose. Have you been acting the clown, and forgotten to wash your facef" With this home-thrust he went out; and Keziah bellied to clear the table. Mr. Simpler was to come to tea. He had been invited to dinner, but bad made an excuse. When tea- time came he appeared. There was a marked coldness' in Dorcas's mmierof receiving Mr. Eimpler, which that gentleman oould well account for. He, for his part, appeared to have some fine joke on band, and laughed to himself without any evident mason several times in succession ; and at each laugh Dorcas coloured. He was, however, acrupulous in his attention to her, and also seemed to take aome interest In Jnbal, whom he bad been led to suppose a very different sort of person. CHAPTER KLY.—MORS BIZXEB TKUT SWEET. When at last the evening waa over, and it was time to go bome, Mr. Simpler offered to escort Mils Dorcai, which seemed natural enough ; but no sooner bad he made the proposal than Dorms said, spitefully, " No, thank you, Mr. Bimpter, I am no chicken, and am not at all afraid of bong an the 01d.Park myself, at night." In spite of Simpler did go with ber; and the; walked along in Eilence for a cohsiletable distance. At last Miss Dorcas said, snappishly, " Are you going to speak, or not, Silas r" Mr. Bimpler gave a snort, and said in a tone of some bitterness, " I don't remember the occasion on which I asked you to call me SQas. When I begin to call you Dorcas, you'll have some excuse." The unquenchable spirit of the spinster rose. " And if I did call you Silas, how many aliens and outcasts would be glad to have somebody to take them by the hand and call them by their Christian name." V But I happen to be neither an alien nor aa , outcast. I tell you once for all, you must drop : it" " Oh, Silas, " Mr. Simpler stopped in the pathway. " H you don't drop it, 1 won't go another inch with you; so now you know. And another thing I should like to refer to is your manner of making BignB at me before people." " And you never tab any notice when I do,'' interrupted Miss Dorcas, "no matter bow important it may be." " And I never will notice. I tell yon once for all, I wont have it. Do you think I want all the world to believe we have a secret understanding together? It was disgusting all the evening to see your eye fixed on me every time I looked your way." " And this after (he way you left me in the Old Park last night!" said Dorcas, growing irate in her turn. They were on the same ground now. "Ill leave yon here again if you don't mind.** "Then you'll leave all that I have to communicate to you." " I don't care a d about your communication." "You know you do, or you wouldn't have taken eo much trouble about it all. Well, at any rate, I got the papers you asked me to get out of Joahua'a safe." "Wbete are they f" responded SQas, now interested in a moment, and betrayed into showing it. He had not expected this. "Well, I waited here, till I was cold and tired, last night, and I lost them; so there.'' "You lost them," said Eimpler, horrorstruck.' " Yes, and I had them safe enough, when you came first; and you'd have had them if it hadn't been for your going off Kith that foreigner. I heard you deny me to him, and lough when he said that I was no chicken. Men are bad enough for anything." _ But Silas had not been listening to her last words. He was absorbed by the thought that the papers were lost. At last he drew a long breath, aa if he had forgotten to breathe a few moments, and was making up for it. " Well," he said, " what a fool I have been." Dorcas was infinitely relieved to find it was not herself he was calling a fool. " I might know that a woman was sure to make an ass of herself in business," he added. This somewhat spoiled the soothing effect of the last sentence he had uttered. They had now come ta a standstill, both of them. " Now, I have a warning to give you," sail Silas. " It is for your own good, not mine. Yju must be as silent as the grave upon this business. Do not think of telling anything to spite me. ever; it would be uo good. You've no proof of any kind against me, remember; ana the momeut I hear of your doing anything, theu I shall begin. And if I ever should, you will wish you had never been born, mind that And from to-night I've done with you; so don't get trying to see me or to speak to me. And new we are parting, Fit say another thing to you, that I've been thinking all along; and that is this. There's no wickedness you'd stop at, to get your own end;. You don't miud whom you betray. But you can't think for the future that you've done it all in the dark. Pve seen my share of bad women; but I never came across a worse than you, in reality." Dorcas was literal!" thunderstruck. She could make no reply. S u could not believe she was hearing right. "And ia tbis true, all that you are saying?" she said at length. " Yes, it is true," replisd Rimpler. " Then," said she, with a tragic air, " I shall throw myself down one or th«se old mines." " Don't," said Ruuplw, quietly. " It would be quite lost upon me. I should not try to get you out; and I should not go in mouruing for you.*' And Mist Dorcas did not fulfil her threat. " And I am really to say good-bv» to you, Silas'r" said Dorcaa plaintively. "Anl never to hear the sound of your voice again, the voice that has grown so dear to me V" " You'll hear my voice soon enough, if you interfere with my buainess. And really I don't think I ever did meet with such a humbug in my whole life. But I tell you, I can see through it; don't try it on with me." *' Then I will go home to my desolate hearth," said Miss Dorca>, still in a tragical vein. "Yes, do," said Rimpler. "You'd make any he ;rth desolate; ana you'd turn any paradise into a bowling wilderness." " Very well," returned Dorcas, " I will leave you ; and the day may come when I can do you a bad turn, and I shall do it, never you fear." " I don't fear," waa Bimpler's reply, " but I knew it before you told me." Yet Dorcas did not more off. " Xjook here," said Simpler; " if you think by waiting you'll get me to alter my mind, you're mistaken. I shall go not a step farther with you, and you can go home yourself." Dorcas moved away with great bitterness in her heart. But when she was out of sight, Silas lit match after match, and searched quite fruitlessly as we know he must—for the missing papers. He scarcely expected to findany thing in his search; but he was very angry, and it suited his humour to be searching. He was not alone, though he imagined him- Belf to be eo. Jubal had strolled after Rimpler and his aunt, on pretence of smoking, but in reality hoping to hear what terms they were on, and to find out anything detrimental to either of them. Hie heard the quarrel, which amused and gratified him. He also felt sure what the Bubject was. But if he had not been sure, his suspicion would have been confirmed by -the search Mr Bimpler made under his eyes. Jubal did not wait to see how this search ended. He preferred to get away while a till unobserved. When he got home—that is, to his father's house—he found his mother in a violent state of agitation. " What is the matter, mother?" he asked. "Oh, Jubal, somebody has robbed your father." " Do vou mean broken into the bank, mother?" " No, the safe, here, in the house. He's nearlv frantic." " Was it money ?•' "Uo : papers." " Well, they can't matter much, unless they're bank notes,'' said JubaL Jubtl swaggered into the room where lus father was. " What is it you've lost ?" he said in an indifferent tone. " Papers,cried Mr. Bimmon, quite forgetful for the momeut that he aod bis sou were enemies. '* I suppose they're not of much consequence," eaid Jubal. " They are of all consequence," cried hia father. I tell you unlets lean gain possession of those papers I'm ruined—ruinea—do you hear, Jnbal r—ruined." "They must be funny kinds of papers, I should think," said Jubal. "Juba," said David, who was as white as his brother, " is this a tune to talk like that!'" " When were they stolen?" Jnbal asked his father. "To-day?" " Oh, no; I've had the key in my possession all day." " Lock picked, I suppose, then." " Ko, the lock bas not been picked," said the father, despairingly. " Then how do you account for it?" " Yesterday I dropped my key accidentally; it must have been used by someone." "Well," said Jubal with mock sympathy, "it isn't a pleasant thing to hare lost papers that compromise you. You may never find out where they are: and it's hkea sword hanging over your head by a hair, isn't it, father V" | Every word stabbed Mr. Bimmon. Who knew their weight so well as he did ¥ "Oh,*' he said, turning to hi« brother, with a touch of very real feeling. " how I wish I'd stuck to my bank, David, and kept everything square." " I wish thee hadst," replied David, falling into his dialect in Ins emotion. " Jubal,*' went on his father, with suih a real ring in his tone that Jubjl was startl- d, "I've not trained you irdlj heaven knows." "Earthknows it, too,"put in Jubal. The father took no notice, but went on in a most solemn tone. "But you are young, and need never come to be what X am. You've often beard me quote Scripture, Jubal." ••Too often," said Jubal. " Well, you shall bear some more, Jubal, though it may be the last, and it's the truest iu all the Bible. 'The way of transgressors is barf.'" David was quite overcome, and hid bis face inbis bands; Jnbal felt no kindling aI «sympathy. "JJon't tike any notice of him, uncle," be eaid oontemptuonsly: " b«V only making out." " Making out!" cried the elder man, in an agonised tone. " That ia likely, that ia! I meant to set it all right, and to give up the other bnaineea." It waa the fixat time the "other bmwee*" bad ever hern alluded to between "the brothers. "And now I've no chance." Half an hour later, when Joshua was alone, he Utterly regretted having exposed himself in this manner, and he would have regretted it still more had he known that the son before whom he had committed himself had the missing papers at that very moment in his possession, and gloried in it. Joshua had been a hard tyrant to Jubal when Jubal was a boy, and now that Jubal was independent of him he showed no disposition to heap coals of fixe on his father's head by returning good for oviL Had this vie k of the case been put to Jubal, he would probably have said, so great was his hatred to his father, that he would have preferred to heap coals of fire under his father's feet and burn him to ashes. The slave makes a terrible slave-driver when his chance comes. His master may have known limits; he knows none. So while Joshua tossed that night upon his pillow in an agony, for the time being, of remorse, his sent lay awake, too, for very joy. He had got his father in his power. - CHAPTER XLYL—Death Before Dis- HoarouE. The snow had been falling all the evening, sometimes slightly, sometimes more thickly. It was falling when the different companies went home from the house of Bimmon. When Thomas Hackbit and Keziah had got outside the house, he said to her— " You are a very fair actress, Keziah, but I can beat you in acting.'' Keziah turned her face towards him instinctively, though ehe could not see Mm, not to miaa what he should eay next. " You have kept your eyes open very well, considering you were up all last night. But don't you think I have, considering that I was up, too? Should you like to know where I was last night, Keziah ?" " No," Bhe replied in a stifled m«migr " But I shall tell you, whether you wish to hear or not. I passed the night in my own garden, Keziah." Kpmnh could not bear to have it broken to her thus. She would do it herself, and have it over the mote quickly. The quiet tone in which he was speaking filled her with infinite dread. Of course he knew everything. Well, there was no help for it. " You may as well say it at once; you saw us, and you heard everything." " Yes," he echoed, " I saw you, and I heard everything." " Then, Thomas," she said, putting both of her hands on bis arm, and forcing him to stop, "you heard me refuse to go. That is better than anything I could have told you, if you heard it." This seemed to lighten her lead fcr the moment. At least he had not to take her word for it; he had heard her himself. " I know," she went on with great fervour, "how wrong I have been, I kno w it myself, if you do not say it; but I at least stopped short, and ," she continued, beginning to cry bitterly," I was ao miserable.'" Keziah had made a mistake in using this last expression. Hackbit had been in love with her iu a certain way, perhaps was .so still; and it does not smooth a man's temper for his wife to tell him, by way of excuse, that she has been led into beekiag the company of another man because he, forsooth, has made her miserable. It was therefore with additional bitterness that he next spoke to her. " Don't try that on with me, Keziah," he said, shaking her off. " Xothmg you can say will alter my decision." Then he had arrived at some decision, Keziah thought, her heart failing her. She did not attempt to imagine what it could be; she knew it must be the worst for her, whatever it was. " It is not last night alone that you have met that man, Keziah. I know aU about it, and I've determined that, come what may in consequence—mark my words, come what icay— yru shall never eiter mv house again." The full sense of the words could hardly strike Keziah in a moment. Could he mean that she was to have uo shelter that night— that she was to be shut out of house and home, like some vile creature who deserved no better 'i Aa she made uo reply, he asked htr, " Do you understand "r" Toey had walked on, and were now standing before their own house. " You cannot mean it," she said huskily. " I do mean it," he said. " Try to enter, and I will throw you back with my own hand." " But you won't separate me from my baby ?** she said, with a nob in her voice. "You care for the baby!" he said with a hoarse laugh. Keziah clung to him. " I do, I do," she cried. " Let me have him, and I will go away without a word." "And let him starve with you!" sneered Hackbit. "But no, you axe*not going to starve," he adled; " you will know where to go." She would not notice this. " He shall not starve; I would not let him starve." " And so you think I would let him eat that man's bread ir" said Ifactbit sarcastically. Oh, I can't make you believe me, if you won't," said Keziah; "it would not be that nun's bread; but he should not starve." " and in any case," went on Hackbit, " do you thiuk 1 ohould let my child starve?" " But you would Jet me starve." " You are different, and you know where to go." " I'm hia mother," pleaded Keziah faintly. " We've talked enough," was the reply. " Away with you;'' and he pushed some money into her hand, a few coins. She flung them from her, and the snow covered them. In a flash, it seemed, he was gone, and the door was shut, and she heard it barrtd. Excited to frenzy, ehe felt like ringing the bell violently, and rebelling agaiust thit sudden expulsion; and she stood and gazed, ahe could not have told how long, at the house. At list she was couscous of someone approachiog her; It was Silas Bimpler. She moved away, and he did not see her. She heard hLa riiig tne belL She heard the door unbolted. It was opened, and a floodof light shut acioea the Buow-covered path. Should she make a sadden b-und, and be wi.hin that light aud warmth, and beg him on Ler knees to iet her rem a n wiih her baby Ko, it could be of no use, nothing could be of any use now. The door was shut, and again she heard the bolts. Still ehe waited, till at last lights shone out from *he windows of her husband's and Mr. Rimpler'•« bedrooms. Theu these liguts went out, and all was dark. The snow be^&n; to tall faster. Keziah felt she must do something lor herself now. But the only thing lhat sa^ge^ted itself was to go round to the back of the ho-^se, through the garden gate, and look for the uigtu-uumiry light. That was out. " They believb I am staving at mother's for the night," the theugtit. "They little ki.ow I am shivering out here." Whit a grim satire it seemed. She was standing on the spot where, last night, she had listened, with so much hiddeu IbUgmg in her heart, to an appeal to leave the place, tonight she could uot enter again if she would. She passed out at the garden 4-ate ag tin. Sh-e could not stay there, it was clear. Go to her father's nhe would not. Ko, ehe mu:t wulk as far away as she could, Before morning. SLe would write to her mother. But the xosds were bad, and walking was difficult. When once outside the gate, ohe had turned and thrown eojie kisses toward* the window where the little Leoueid was asleep. "At least he will not ill-irest the chJd," ehe thought; and that waisomething. She had got a little housekeeping money in her pocket. Mb could go on a few days till she should get something to do. She budged l&tieutly; aluug the rood, which grew darker. She knew where she waa gomg, and kept her direction; it was to Wolverhampton. She knew of a women there who kept a registry office for servant*. She had got »ervaiih> for htr. She would go to her, ana get a tempora-y lodging while she coul i plan Wuat to do. The womiu had always seeme* kind and pleasant; and this was the only person Kta«h could think of that she would be willing to go to. It was a long. Weary walk, and Kezuth had not made much head when she was conscious of being folio wed. She stopped a moment and listened. Xo one was following her. Yet aa soon as she oegan to wal& again, she heard the footsteps titer her. Some ."umaces were lighting up the way ahead of her, now. She must pass the glow; to must the one who was following her. It is a horrible feeling, that of being followed in the darkness, and only chose who Lave experienced it can fcnow how horrible. Along a B »ck Country road this is eqiecully true. There is a griumess about the road, the boundaries of which are so often black mounds, or dark, S'agnant water*. To be followed on such a roaxl is worse than to be fo Slowed on a decent high road with inoffensive hedges on either side. Kf7i1.l1 felt th-s to the full, in her excited oondition. It waa oue horror more added to the rest. Beiddes, tt i«almost a nec< ssity for a B14 ck Country peraon bom and bred to have some trace of tuperdtftioa, eo called; anil it did alarm Kedah all the more that the footsteps oetted when t&e; listened to ih*m. She walked on t<ravelj-.and migettingnearer and nearer to the light of tbe foundries. But iheu the dangin? of the iron made it almost impossible for her to bear the footste|*. She clung to the hope that she should see who ,.it was when they both passed the light of the foundry. And cow she herself was in the full glare, and her ears were deafened, by the noise. A thought fetruckher. - " Perhaps tbe thing that is following me may wait till I am out of sight before pa being;" aud she, who had oltea traversed tbe road before, knew by experience that there were miles of dark, deserted road beyond this one light. Opposite the foundry was a tumble-down cottage, one of many such, deserted and left to ruin when those who had occupied them bML migrated. She would hide herself a moment in this place, and perhaps the thine that was following her would pass before her eyes. Once 'nml« the cottage, she placed herself in theBhadow near where a window bad been, but where now not even a frame existed. She could see the road, and she could see the foundry. She moved a little farther, for no particular reason, and something sprang upon her with an unearthly sound. All sensation stopped within her for a moment, and theu her heart gave a great thump that nearly shook her.' She saw what had startled htr, for it was crossing the road now in the light. It was only a homeless cat that had sought shelter from the inclement weather. Still, the fright had increased her nervousness greatly. She tried to keep her attention-on the dark road, with a streak of light across it. But somehow her gaze was fascinated by the foundry, where the night-woritexs moved hither and thithfr in a terrible glow of light,- being covered at times by masses of sparks, and then dragging out from between immense rollers long-lengths of red-hot iron, and carrying them quickly, and without any apparent discretion, right among the crowd of other workers, and laying them at the side of others to cool upon the ground. These silent workers, for they were not talking to each other—how oould they, for that matter, amidst the hubbub of hammers, tha fringingof streams of water upon red-hot iron, and the roaring of the forges F- They seemed to Keziah's excited mind almost like demons preparing for some evil deed. But noWj~asshe looked, something - the VIEW. It was the figure of* the toad. His faoe was turned t( forge, and he seemed punted, and stood hesitatang. At last he walked across a black mound that separated the forge from the road, and went towards tbe great shed under which tbe men were working. He seemed to be speaking. One man came out of the glare, and he held his ear towards him, and then shook hi-i bead and went back. Keziah felt she must move on now, or be detected. For how did ehe know that the stranger, whom she believed to be the person who had followed her, might not look next into the ruined cottage ? But no, she could not move away. He was crossing the road, in the direct stream of light, and bis bade was in the full light; his face was in shadow. She put her hand against some of the brickwork to steady herself, and it came down with a crash. The stranger paused, and then made hia way to the cottage. One of the bricks had fallen heavily upon her foot. It was extremely nainful. Everything seemed to be closing in. Tee figure entered by the docrway, and came quite near to her, and then, in what seemed to her an unearthly tone, spoke her name. If ehe oid not cry out, that did not procetd. from any great bravery cn her part; it was from inability. Who has net in a thunderstorm waited with bated breath for the next clap and flash f and if on a locelv stretch of moor, who has not trembled inwardly in such a storm, as crash has succeeded crash, and glare, utter darkness ? Keziah's life of the last few hours was such a storm as this, and at tbis moment her breath was bated for another crash, with possible direful consequences. Someone had said, " Keziah," but the voice was one she did not know. I11 what appeared ages afterwards, a hand travelled towards her, and touched her. Then the same strange voice said, " Don't you know me ? I have come to take care of youl" Then the bolt had not descended upon her and struck her. This was her thought at first. But on itB heels came another thought. The bolt had descended, and had struck her. She knew who was speaking to her. "How dare jou follow me?" she said. "He wean you have the cowardice? And only last night you promised me you would never £eemeaga ; n. You have lied to me; you have lied to me !" ehe said bitterly, the tears chasing each other rapidly down her cheeks in the darkness. A sroan was the only reply to this. " Why, do you want me to hate you, too p* she cried. " If you loved me, you would care for my reputation.*' " Oh, Keziah,'* cried her companion in heartbroken tones, *' to think you should ever use such words to me! You have misunderstood me, quite misunderstood me." " I have understood you perfectly," returned Keziah. " It is you who nave not understood me." And she tried to limp away. But the pain in her foot was bo great, she was obliged to stop herstlf. " K«-ziah, why won't you believe me ? I said I had come to take care of you, aa your father might, or your brother; tint is my meaning." " Yes," >bc cri^d, passionately, " like my father and my brother: you have well spoken. My father and my brother would ruin me for their own eads; so would you, or you would never have asked me to leave my husband's 1 oof last night, and so get me turned out tonight. Yet I was going away, praying for you, aud forgiving you. But now you have broken your word and followed me, to take advantage of my misery, what can I Eay to you r If ever there was a moment when you should have kept yourself far from me, it is now.*' " Keziah, I would die for you.*' " Theu why not do a small thing, and keep away from me F" «- Keziih. that is a greiter thing." " Then be a man and do the greater thing. I have done wrong, too," the said, weeping afresh, " or I might never have come to this.'* " Ko, it was all my fault," said Rupert, go zing with despairing tenderness at her. " I deserve what has come," said Keziah. " Heaven knows, that is not true," replied Rupert. " It is I and only I, who have been, to blame. Keziah, tell me what to do, and yon shall see how I will obey you now." " Go back at once to Leamington, if you. mean what vou say; and show the world that I am not *i"th j ou. Thit will ba proving your love for me." •• I wili do it," he anstvercd, with a sob. "But^ou will tell uie where you axe going? At l«a't you will tell me that " So," said K< ziah, sadly: " It is right you. should not know that either." " What barm nculd it be for you. to tell Jme where you are ?"' " There would be harm." " You have some mocey with you?" 4 1 Yes. I have some money." "And will you take just a little from me? You may leturu it some day, if you like." " Do you not understand," broke out Keziah hotly, *• that 1 can have so dealings with you of axis" kind ? Go back at once: you may even ?,ow have been seen following me." He 110k off a large scarf that was about bis neck. * ~ Let me give you this, Keziah. You are but ill-rUd." "How can you!" she cried, despairingly. "Why do vou mike my way so difficult? Would you hire me found in possession of your scarf! Where is your common sense •" "Oh, G'-d " cried Bupert, breaking down, utterly,and sobbing. "And am I. who love you co, not to be allowed to do the least thing for you, became a cursed villain has robbed vou from me, and ill-tzested you, and shot his door upon you t** "It can do no good to talk of that now,** saut Keziah. She waa about to pass him. He caught her by the arm, ttll shaken with sobs, and would not let her pass. She tried to wrench hers-if free. (TO BE OOSTUnTFD.) 