THE DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR cc HEADS. al \- 1a S"I would give a million dollars for a w stomach," said a wealthy American re- w cently. Now, a million dollars (.200,000) is is a deal of money, but he was not able to tl buy the article even at that price. b; Mr Thomas Gaskin, of No. 3 Poplar pi Row. Darley Abbey, near Derby, is not so hi rich as many, being a gardener, but he was w ready enough to give all he had for one tc thing he hadn't got. Here is his story, ti and he shall tell it in his own way. Mr w Gaskin goes on to say-" Up to eight a; years ago I had never lost an hour's la work through sickness. In December, hi 1882, whilst living at Becaston, near Not. bi tingham, my appetite fell away, I had of dreadful pain after eating, a bad taste in be my mouth, which would fill with water and slime, the latter so thick and sticky that I al often had to remove it with my fingers. sa My chest used to '11fill up' and my throat hI would swell so I couldn't button my shirt pi at the neck. I vomited a great deal, am chiefly a yellowish green phlegm. I had a hi racking cough, and would coughand strain P till I bled at the nose, and the blood a; rushed out of my ears. I became ex- pi hausted and short of breath and had to hi call the doctor, and was in bed five or six T week'. hi " I then went as out-patient to the ci Nottingham Hospital, and after attending ti there for six months was very little better. se I got so thin that I was like a ghost B walking about, and my friends said it was pi all up with me. For eighteen months I ai kept getting better, then worse, and at last ci the doctors recommended me to try a it change of air. So I came to Darloy Abbey si and my former master gave me an indoor L recommendation to the Derbyshire In. b firmary, Derby. I found, however, that tc all the beds in the hospital were full, and p I saw my club doctor, and also two doctors hi at Derby. The first one said, 'You are in a galloping consumption- and must die; the q other doctors, after sounding my lungs and ri chest, said snothing, but shook their heads. ce " Getting a trifle better my old master t, allowed me to do what little I could in his gardens and grounds; and some days I h worked a little, and then would be away ti for a few days. Things went on like this until December, 1888, when I caught cold, si got very short of breath, and broke down g completely. I was always coughing and d spitting up phlegm, sometimes as much as b a teacur ful at once, and was afraid to go to sleepfor fear thesphlegmi would choke mle. At this time the whites of my eyes turned yellow, and my eyes were bloodshot. My lips and mouth were dry and parched and t1 I often broke out into a cold clammy d sweat. My tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing I down. I lost over a stone weight in three d weeks. "I managed to got up for a few hours at a time, but was so weak I had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. I S was always tired and weary, and sitting or d lying, was never at ease and got no real rest. To weak to read I often sat for hoars looking at my hands-nothing but skin and bone, and was so nervous I couldn't bear the least noise, and the t children at play quite upset me. " The doctor kept on attending me, but he said, ' I can do you so good ; I cao onuly 1 patch you up, because youtr lungs are dis- c cased. I then gave over taking his medicine and tried everything I could hear of. One thing was a cough cure from London that t cost 22a a bottle. But nothing did any t good, and my friends who came to see me j said, ' Yell you won't cough muech longer, 1 otu have mercely to prepare for another e world.' d "About the middle of March, 1889, a neighbour named Joseph -Tatham, who t works in the paper mills at Darley Abbey, said.to me, ' Ton,, did you ever try Mother Scipge's Syruep ?' and told me how he had I been cured after being in the hospital. He spoke so much in praise of this medicine I I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at SMr Smith's stores, in Victoria-street. After c the first dose I had an evacuation black as I ink, and vomited. Then I fell asleep, and l felt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine for three days my breathing I got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I was able to go out for a short walk. By the end of a fortnight I went to see my master, who asked what I had wrought the improvement, and I told him, as I toll every one, that Mother Seigel's Syrup had saved my life. I com. menced work at once, and have never lost a day's work since. "Of course my strength did not return all at once, but after taking Seigel's Syrup .for sixt months I was strong as ever in my life and have continued so ever since." In giving his consent to the publication of this remarkable statement, Mr Gaskin i requests us to refer all doubters to him or to Mr Keetley, Head Gardener, Darley Abbey, who is acquainted with all the facts alleged. Mir Gaskin has lived at Darley Abbey 22 years and bears an excellent reputation. Now, what was the complaint from which he suffered ? Not galloping consumip. lion, certainly (as one of the dootors though t), or he would have galloped into his grave inless th!an three months, instead of growing worse for seven years. His complaint was chronic inflammatory dyspepia (or chronic gastric g catarrh), which has lung symptoms like a consumption, for which it is so, often ignorantly mistaken and wrongly treated. When the right remedy, Mother Seigel's Syrup, was used the disease yielded, as all diseases of the digestive tract do yield to 1 that magnificent preparation. We heartily d congratulate Mr Gaskin on his recovery, o and commend the facts of his case to all y thinking people. y I lIt takes an enormous amount of care to r tie a cravat so that it will seem to bhe care lesslydonp,. 