GENERAL NEWS Clean Sheet. — Thoro were no cases for hearing at tho Polico Court yostorday, The Police Magistrate. — Oil account of tho heavy rain wliioh foil yesterday tlio Police Magistrate was unable to lcavo for Mount Morgan, consequently his visit is postponed until a chango in the weather. Gladstone Mail. — On account of the heavy raius wliioh havo fallen during tho past fow days tho mail from Gladstone, wliioh was duo ycBtorduy, has not arrivod, and thoro is' no information to hand as to whero tho coacli is stuck up. To Consignees. — Elsewhere, Mossm "VVnltor Roid and Co. announce that in view of tho possibility of tlio Eitaroy Rivor rising aud submorging tho wharves, consignees are rcquostoil to romovc tlioir goodB as quickly as possible. Railway Mattebs. — Mr. G. P. Thallon, -who is at tho boad of tho traffic on tho Queensland Railways, was a passenger by the Aramao which passod Keppol Ray on Sunday ovoning. Mr. Thallon is on his way to Cooktown, which is tho limit of his journey. Held Over. — Wo regret that owing to prossuro on our space we are reluctantly compolled to hold ovor soma of our loading mattor, tho roport of tho Woodworkers' Union, two or throe letters on Municipal, Post Office, and othor subjocts, togethor with a quantity of local intelligence. Democratic Club.— This evening in the School of Arts a- mooting will be held for tho purposo of initiating a Domocratie Club. Tho proceedings will commonoo at 8 o'clock, and among the spoakcrs on tlio occasion will bo Mr. W. Kidaton and other gontlcmcn intcro3tod In this great subject. . The River. — There was n- heavy frc3h in tlio Rivor yesterday, and at about 2 p.m. tho water waa within a couplo of foot of tho edyo of tho wharf. Should these heavy rains continuo thoro will be avory probability of the whatvos being flooded again ; as it is, to-morrow's tide will moBt likely bo con siderably higher. S.S. Taldora. — After a vory thick trip up tho rivor, tho Taldora, during a heavy rain squall, took ground on tho bank just above Gavial Crook, about 4 a.m. yostorday morn ing. Had tho tido boon flood sho would not have grounded, as it is tho invariable practice to koop tho othor shore on tlio flood. Tho passengers and mails wore trans ferred to the s.s. Dolphin, reaching tho wharf about 7.39 a.m., the Taldora getting off without damage about 11 a.m. Children's Hospital, — The following is is the roport of tho Children's 'Hospital for tho week onding Thursday, the 8th instant : — Admittod during tho week, 3 ; disoliarged, 1 ; remaining in hospital, 22 ; total for tho weok, 23. The visiting committee for January consists of McBdauies Woolcock and Graham. Local Industry. — Mr. E. Loucliran, of tho Central Railway Dopartmont, has returned to Rookhampton by tho s.s. Aramao, after having visited the railway offices in tho Now South Wales and Victorian colonics, whero ho introducod a patent which tho Com missioners in those colonics arc now con sidering to adopt. Charity:— The Sisters of Morcy at the Meteor Park Orphanage desire to acknow ledge. through our columns, tho receipt of contributions towards Christmas cheer from Mo3dames M'Mullon, J. O'Shannesy, Young, Hourigan, Miss Wynne, and Messrs. Kelly and Sons, P. M'Evoy, Pattison and Co., T. Dempsoy, Thomason and Co. Insolvency Items.— In Chambers last wook, boforo his Honor Mr. Justice Harding, tho following wore adjudicated insolvent : — T. A. Dwyor, of Rookhampton, gentleman, on tho petition of J. A. Honderson, of Win- dorah ; first meeting of creditors, 22nd inst. John Hamilton Robinson, of Tariugn, store keeper, in forma pauperis ; first meeting of creditors, 22ud inst. The Weather. — Since tho last roport of tho weather, rain has continued to fall over all of the Central District ; the record being as follows :— Walton. I '759; Emu Park, 2'599; St. Lawranco, 2'529; Nebo, 2'190; Gladstone, G'259; Pino Hill, 1399; Duaringn, 1999 ; Banana, 2871 ; Clermont, 9179 ; Mackinlay, 9499 ; Springsuro, 9'499 ; Tambo, 9921. Q.E. Association.— Tho election of tho committee for tho ensuing year (1891), : of No. 2 Branch (Rookhampton District) of tho Qaeonsland Elcctrio Telegraph Association took place and resulted as follows ^Chair man, Mr. E. Wrigglos ; vice-chairman, Mr. P. S. Doonor ; secretary, Mr. W. Hallinan ; committee, Messrs. D. J. Steele, W. J. Gorioko, K. M. Grant, H. Crow, and P. Rosnedoi. Military. — Tlio following paragraph ap peared in the " On Dit " column of the Observar .last woek:—1 "That Major Broomo, an Indian officer, formerly a Governor's aido- do- oamp hero, and u son-in-law of tho King of Gowrio, is tipped as tho ' kroot card,' as staff officer for tho Northom military division of tho Queensland Defence Porco." It is also stated that Lieutenant Colonol Blnxland nnd Major Vincent are applicants for tho samo position. Cattle Dealings. — Messrs. Bacon and Co., Toowoombn, roport sales during 1899 of 335,959 storo sheep, 9419 fat shcop, 11.840 storo cattle, 09 fat cattlo, 537 rams, 57 bulls, 11 horses, 49 mules, and tho following properties, viz., Yagaburno, Glontnr, and Tieryboo. Messrs. Bacon and Co., of Gunno- dah (N.S.W.) also roport sales of 264,719 storo sheep, 51,248 fat shoup, 12,974 store cattlo, 844 fat cattle, 11 stud cattlo, 099 rams, 2G4 horaos, and sevornl largo free holds and town properties during the past year. — Chronicle North Rockhami'ton Council. — A special mooting of tho North Rockhampton Council was hold yesterday afternoon, when thoro wore prosont: Aldormon W. G. Thompson (Mayor), Moaoham, Lowis, Hollingsworth. Hogan, and Linnott. The ni8neB8 Wfis Motion of a returning ofllcor for tho annual election of aldermen, who_ retire by effluxion of timo. On tho motion of Alderman Hollingsworth, seconded by Aldorman Lowis, tho appointiuont was conferred upon Alderman G. Meacham. District Council (A.L.P.) — Tho usual ninthly nioot.iug of tho District Council of tho Australian Labor Podoration was hold hist night in tho shop of tho Co-Oporativo Bootipaking Company, William-street. Tho purposo for which tho mooting was originally Bummonod was to oloot tho olfico-boarors for the next six months. Tho inalemoucy of the weather, liowovor, oausod a small attendance, and this important matter was postponed until Thursday, January 22. Tlio strike acoouuts wore submitted and passed, nnd nlao tho accounts for tho Diatriot Council for tho six I months ending Decombor 31, via;. : Receipts, I £67 18a ; oxpondituro, £G2 &s; 8d ; balance to I bo carried forward to noxt half year, £5 8s 4d. I This was all the business, 1 The Ikaciheus' Union.— The third annual conference of tho State School 'I'oachors' Union of Quoonsland commonoed in the Divinity Hall, Brisbane, last week. Aftor tho adoption of tho annual docunonts and olccUon of officers for the current year, tho remainder of tho silting was occupied in the discussion of a number of notices of motion affecting tho working of the doportmont Among tlio matters to ho brought boforo tho conference that sits thin wook iR a notice of motion "That superannuation by tho prosont scheme should bo abolished." Tho revision of the rules of tho union will alBO for' \ part cf that week's busiuuBH. r Explanation. — With regard to bh&elrtc-; turos which appeared in our issue of Satur day undor tho hoading "Toto a Toto," whoroin Mr. Ewnrt was called to account for certain remarks made presumably upon Mr Atlicrton's private affairs, the former gentle man called upon us nnd has oxplained that his references were wholly to tho stnto of tho sub-division of which Mr. Athorton is tlio representative. The conversation which passed in tho Board mooting was as follows- — " Mr. Athorton movod, as an amendment, that tho money bo paid.— Tho amondmont lapsed for want of a seconder.— Mr. Ewart Wo are short of funds just now. You, Mr Athorton, havo not got too much juBt now (Laughtor)." Mr. Ewart states that he did not mean any poraonal roforonoo to tlio affairs of Mr. Athorton, but wholly to thoso of tho sub- division of which ho was tho representative. Wo regret if wo have mis represented Mr. Ewart's moaning, lint tho words were reported as ho spoke thorn and wore literally correct. Sunken Tueasube. — During a recent trip to the Hay, tho s.p, Taldora on weighing anchor, rcsnrrcctod an anchor and cablo lost by tlio B.I.S.N. Company's s.s. Taroba soma months sinco. _ Thoro is an old adage "finding's koopinge," but wo arc afraid that it will not hold good in this instance, as wo understand that tho Customs Dopartmont has put in a claim; whether for duty only or for tho anchor nnd cablo, our informant did not toll us. If for tho lattor, wo presumo it is as flotsam andjetsom, a privilego which used to, nnd may yot, for might wo know to tho contrary, bolonpfto tlio local!" lord of tho manor " in England. Captain Maryatt tells n good story of a similar occurrence which happened whon he was a Post-Captain in tho British Navy. Somowhoro in tlio Channel, on weighing anchor, his crew drew aboard a chain aablo and anchor which somo vessel hud lost, which ho promised should bo sold and tho proceeds divided among tho forecastle hands. On arrival at Portsmouth, liowovor, a Inwyor, agent for tho nearest lord of tho manor, oamo on board and olaimcd tho anchor Ac., as flotsam andjetsom, to whom Maryatt gavo tho following answer— It is bettor to givo his own words— " I told him in tho first place it wasn't flat- sum, because it didn't float; in the second, it wasn't jelsom, becanse it wasn't caBt up ; and in tho third place I'd boo him d d first." We fear however, that there is no like lihood of Captain Faucett following so spirited un example. Government Departments aro " kittlo cattlo " to deal with. The Sioux otmifeeak. — "With regard to tho Indian outbreak in the Unitod States, it is stated that tho Sioux nation numbers nearly 39,999 members, nnd is tho most powerful tribo of Indians in North America. Twonty-cight yea.s ago tho Sioux broke out and massacred the whito settlers of Minne sota, where thoy were then located. Sub dued, thoy wore romovod to their prosont reservations iu Dakota. But theyl were again in conflict with tlio Unitod Statos troops in 1375 and 187C. The warlike agita tion among tho Sioux of Dakota proceeds from quite an exceptional cause, if tho American telegrams toll the whole truth. Previous risings havo generally been duo to shortness of rations, and so many oliarges of malversation havo been proved in former times against tho agonts appointed by the American Government to look after tho wel fare of the Indians that (says tho Times) a suspicion is apt to arise that the offonding tribes havo not received fair treatment. But tho cause of the disquiet in the preBonj; cnso appears to be that tho Sioux ardfc ItSQUod with the idea that a Messiah iafiFpJto appear, who will exterminate the incite man. Ho has failed to mako his nppoarance this month, as tho prophets had announced. But the warlike ardor of tlio Sioux, having onoo boon aroused, is not disposod to bo exacting ovor trifles, and is quite satisfied with tho explanation that the event lias been post poned for the present. Tho New York Tribune says : — No class of savages is more widely imaginative than tho American Indian, and nono is capabio of wildor work undor tho influonco of religious delusion. These facts are particularly true of tho bioux, and although this now dream of conquost is not confined to the Dakota tribes, it seems to have originated among them, and is receiving its greatest power for harm from their belief in it. Thoy aro not only by far the most numerous body of Wild Indians now living, but thoy aro tho bravest, tho cruelest, the most fanatical, and the least tractable. Thoy have tho best leaders and tho largest resources. They are, of all, tho moat devoted to their tribal customs. Thoy aro proud of thoir history, loyal to tlioir traditions, and faithful to thoir chief men. A largo body of them is still wild, implacable, and vioious. Tho Indians composing it raroly appear at tho ngoucios, and cling tenaciously to thoir barbarous ways. They entertain a vast contempt for tho whito man's civilisa tion, and keep thoir minds ovor dwelling on tho timo whon tho Indian will again bo supremo on tho soil of which they consider he has boon despoiled only as a punishment of tho Almighty. Tho " Coming of tho Ghosts " is not a strnngo idea to tlio Indian mind. In ono form or another it is a common superstition, nnd although large sections cf every tribo have seemed, from timo to time, to grow wenkor in the faith they put in it, there is no doubt that concerted action on the part of their chiefs nnd medicine-men might easily revive it. Fortunately the rod man has only a foehlo talent for organisa tion. Mon liko Joseph, tho Nez Peroes, able to direct largo bodies of savages, and to eom- pel obedienoo to his will, aro exceedingly rare, and when thoy havo devoloped in tho past, our groat Christina Govornmont has generally succeeded iu bribing tliem before they did much harm. But it is almost im possible to eradicate superstition from tho mind of an Indian, and it is astonishing what Billy thingB ho will accept, and -what pre posterous folly ho will commit, under As evil influonco. In many casos no amount of edu cation will suilico to break its spell, nnd Indians who hnve boon taught in Eastern schools, nnd have become familiar with tho life of groat cities, have hcroaftor taken tho most conspicuous parts in fanatioal distur bances. -+ Suuscrhiers to this journal aro roujj.jj.d_ed that subscriptions are strictly v(Jh\o >n advance, nnd that uuloss arrears S?(Ky\\("P wo cannot uudortake to continuo forward tho paper. A citizen bought himself a hook tho other day and wrote this on tho fly-leaf. ' Pro- sonted to John Joue3 by hiinsolf ns a mark of estooin.' 