BY MUTUAL CONSENT. BY J". MARSDEN SUTCLIFF Author of-tlte "Bells of St. Barnabas, Kcinance "of an Insurance Oilioe, vealed by Fire," &c.;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author All rights reserved.] CHAPTER X.~f Continued.) But for all Claude's appearance of reserve on the: subject that lay closest to his heart he was fully resolved that before Winifred's stay came to an end he would declare his love, and that never with his consent should she leave Glen- Orloch Castle except as his promised bride. It cost him something to restrain him self, but he v. as thoroughly loyal to the under standing arrived at with his mother that he should not speakuntil she was able to confirm his choice. But there were compensations. To be for ever near the side of a beautiful woman who is sincerely loved and with hope tLifc love is returned is bliss enough to an ardent lover though ho word is spoken, and even- day Claude discovered some new charm in Wini fred's manner and some new.feature in her beauty to call up-fresh admiration and to heighten his passion. It has been said that Claude after following figure painting for some time had abandoned it for landscape. But the desire now possessed him to excel in .this branch of art also. With such a subject to work on as Winifred, he thought, no artist could fail in his work. One evening after diniier he was watching her as she recited to Lady Falconridge an amusing adven ture that occurred to .them when she was punting on Loch Awe, and as he gazed upon her, drinking in the sense of her beauty and noting the pure outline of her face, the dainty Eose of her queenly head, the superb curves of er well-developed bust, and the sculptured roundness of her white arms revealed by her low-cut corsage he thought what a magnificent Helen of Troy she would make! The next day Winifred consented to sit for him, and he began the task which was destined to bring him fresh fame and a more serious check to his hopes of winning Winifred for his wife than lie dreamed of. It seemed as if love had given him greater strength and delicacy of touch, and he worked like one inspired. Matters were at this stage when the last week of Winifred's visit arrived. It was a bright sunny morning at the end of August. Winifred was in her room ? preparing for a new expedition, while Lady Falconridge and Claude were pacing the board terrace at the front of | the castle. "Mother," he said, "I think the time has come to speak, and before returning to-day I propose asking Winifred te be my wife." Lady Falconridge looked anxiously at her' son, and observing the firmly set -mouth and the flashing of his large eyes she hesitated be fore deciding whether sne should attempt to dissuade him from his purpose. Claude re turned her glance and as ner silence continued he remarked " You know, mother, why I mention this to you. When you told me of your intention to ask Winifred to Glen-Orloch you exacted from me a promise that I would not speak to her of my hopes until you ha<i opportunities to know her better. I am more than delighted at the affection that evidently exists between you, and now I suppose I may go in and win if I can." " "Yes, affection is not too strong a word for you to use," said Lady Falconridge speaking slowly. "I love Winifred very dearly, a3 dearly as I should have loved my own daughter if it had pleased heaven to have given me that blessing. _ But--" and Lady Falconridge paused with, an evident look of embarrassment. "But what, mother?''said Claude. "Why do you hesitate ? Is she not beautiful ? What can you allege against her ?" " Nothing, Claude, nothing," returned Lady Falconridge. "You must not leap to con elusions because I hesitate. Let me ex plain;" - "Go on mother," cried Claude, his brow clouding over, "let.us have the explanation before she c-omes.. She will be here presently." "There is no special cause for anxiety, con tinued Lady Falconridge, "only for caution and delay, so you need not look so moody. I think I know the whole story of Winifred's life from her earliest recollections to the pre sent, except one portion of it. I have not forced myself upon her confidence in any way. She has spoken of herself in a perfectly candid maimer, which I have found very charming, and she seems to have told me everything that she could. But-you must forgive your mother's 'buts,'my dear-I have noticed that she entirely skips all: reference to the time between her fathBr's death and. her entering upon- her training as a probationer for St. Jude's." . "What do you infer from that?" asked Claude., _ " I dd not wish to infer anything from it-at least not to her disadvantage. The period between the events is a long one. It is some three years, I think, and I cannot help remark ing on the strange silence she observes about those years. The omission may be uninten tional on her part, or it may not. Her silence may. be due to other causes." "What causes?" asked Claude hoarsely. Lady Falconridge's glance was turned upon her son with increasing anxiety. She saw that her words -were producing a strong impression upon him. "She may have reasons for not caring to speak of that period of her life." " You surely cannot connect anything shame ful with one so fair, so beautiful, so pure and j innocent ?" cried Claude. . " I did not say so, my son. Ha,ve I not told you that the omission may be an inadvertence ? I would fain hope so." "The fact that you 'hope so' shows that you do entertain some ? kind of suspicion," Claude logically replied. " . . "Not necessarily," said Lady Falconridge. "Remember that though our acquaintance began several months ago it is only within the last few weeks that there has been opportunity for confidences. She may speak of it yet. Give her time." "That is what you advise, then, mother'? A little longer delay until she lets the c-at out of the bag-eh? I don't see anything to wait for myself, and if you don't mind I would sooner put my fate to the touch to-day." " You had better listen to my plan before you decide. If you_will delay to join us this evening after dinner I will endeavor to induce Winifred to abandon her intention of return ing to St. Jude's, on which she was fully bent only a day or two ago. If she consents you can stay on until the end of September instead of returning to Kensington at the beginning of the month. Leave her with me until Christmas and then you shall ask her if you are still in the same mind." "You think you will have found out every thing by Christmas," exclaimed Claude. "I think she will have told me everything, or else that there is something to hide which it will be right for you to know before asking her to be your wife. Her continued silence would be a bad omen, and 1 should then judge it my duty to put the question plainly which will re solve all doubts. "If I consent to wait until Christmas, mother, will you make me a promise in return 1 Promise me if there is anything hidden, as you call it, which may be painful for you to know, it shall not cause her to forfeit your good will." " Most willingly," replied Lady Falconridge with cordial warmth. " We owe her too much for her to lose my good will; nor do I think that there is anything concealed which could diminish my affection. Let us wait and hope for the best." @s"Then I agree to your plan," cried Claude kissing his mother affectionately as Winifred appeared in the door-way of the castle clad in a walking dress of heather-colored tweed, and wearing a Tam 'o Shanter, which made her seem more bewitching than ever in the eyes of her lover. The same evening, when the ladies retired from the dining-room, Lady Falconridge began to disclose her plans to Winifred, who that moment sat looking thoughtfully into the fire, reckoning up the few days that were left to her of her visit. . "I hope you have enjoyed your stay at Glen-Orloch," said Lady Falconridge, by way of opening up the conversation. "Oh, very much indeed," said Winifred brightly, looking up with a beaming face. " I can never thank you enough, dear Lady .Falconridge. Such a month's happiness I have never known before; not since poor papa died." Lady Falconridge nodded her head and looked grave. Winifred's observation t -Id her volumes. "Evidently," she thought, "there was not a happy month in those three years about which she had remained so mysteriously silent.'* But she did not allow the dread of something unpleasantly lying concealed to deter her' "1 have been wondering if you would do a kindness to an old woman. Next month Claude returns to Kensington. He only plays at art here, at Kensington he works. When both of you are gone I shall feel more lonely than usual. Is it asking too much of you to ask you to remain and be the companion of a lonely old woman through the winter ?" " Oh, I wish I could," cried Winifred, to whom this proposal opened out a vista of all manner of pleasant ]X)ssibilities. "There is no help for it," she continued, after reflection, " They will'expect me at St. Jude's next week, and might suffer inconvenience if I failed to appear at the end of my holidays." "If that is all, I think we can arrange it," returned I.atly Falconridge. " If they cannot release you immediately you can return until they can find someone to replace you and then come back to me for the winter. I want some one to cheer me whilst Claude is away, and I do not take very readily to strangers; and if you will forgive me saying so, the proposal is iiot altogether selfish. It will be very advan tageous to your career as an artist for you to remain here. Your time will be your own, the .studio will at your service, and the whole countryside will serve you for landscape. Wihifred was not slow to perceive the advan tages of the arrangement, and yet she felt that if Claude's absence from Glen-Orloch had not been made part of -the scheme she could not liave. remained. For the thought of her -ap proaching departure from Glen-Orloch had begun to weigh heavily upon her spirits and liaa Set her tliinking over the happy time she had enjoyed.- She had discovered' that more than the praise which her budding genius had received, more than Lady Falconridge's abounding kindness, more than the strange wild beauty of the scenery in which she had moved for the first time, the man who had been her constant companion had made her happiness.* She knew at last that her heart had passed out of her own keeping and that she loved Claude McLean with the whole strength of a first passion. She felt, therefore, that if Lady Falccmridge's arrangement had included a stay with Claude for her daily com panion she must have fled from the danger. But when she learnt that Claude's plans for the winter, which were fixed, would take him away from Glen-Orloch she consented to re main and prosecute her art as Lady Falcon ridge had planned, and find in her work the balm'she needed for a heart that was sad from the very-hopefulness of the passion of which \- she had become conscious for the first time. The authorities at St. Jude's. consented, on Lady Falconridge's application, to release Winifred. More instructions from Claude, more" sittings for his picture, and September went by. In October Mr. McLean returned to his studio at Kensington, and Winifred plied her art alone. Her life passed smoothly and uneventfully after Claude's departure, when having driven to Oban from Glen- Orloch fate brought her face to face with Lord Algy Fitz herbert and the buried ghost of the past rose from its'grave. (To he continued,.) 