VAN DIEMAN'S LAND; TRUE OuIHONICLEoS. '·--t--··++ [Le ts titttu liil actsitn,) yupe!iidtpihdentC' l'yr listenld 'attentively next morning to. the report of the young ollldtre; regarding thl e vition they hfd acuc on t thb iltand cemetery. IHe did net believe, lor a oinglt mqmount, that it was a viatior iraie, apiric.latid.that was thus airing itastl on rue cliff, and yet beth thoeoldieracnd the ofioeinc mutct liavo bcn confrohted by something very extraordinary, or they would not have been so stattled as they were.- . ' " Of course, I need scaroely ask if you the lleve in ghosts?" he queried. '*Indeed, we do not," was the unanimous answer." "And we all know that there are no settlers in this region .thirty feet high," hie wart onl withi amiles. "The object ic-.reaw was of quite that stature," replied Trench, "and is. vas not dressed in convict olothing. A long beard wae also visible."' "The only thing wo.canro in. to make an oxhaustive search of the islot to.dayJ, and we might fled come dulso to the mlnytory," eoid tics superintendentslowly. 'if wee.avnne a humers beingi t deal'witi?h (ovoen' ihoiughl a gianit) we will know horto o to "o,'whilkt; if the vieilpnt is-of esupernatural origin, it is beyond oter.power to iclorfere,' ad swe must only leavr it to its ow'n nightly journeys," Eyre was eseentially a practical man, and during the doe'ho took a number of emen to Deadman'eo Isl and made a thorough search of it, especially about the cliffl where the phantom had been oeen. The quest was quite unsuccessful. Certainly, there wore a few .yawning chasms in the great basaltic reeks through which Satan or one of his imps might ariseothcrugh, but the sound of the sea, boomin. at the bottom of them, and on caeionally" (il etormny weather) throwing up spray thronugh the natural blow.holei, made the euppositiin highly improbable. No cl1o could be Ifulld, and in a few dape the, wonder, created by the statements of the olllirer, began to die out, sad the ghbot seemed likely to hi forgotten. A slight excitement was created at Hobart Town when it was bruited around that the prison cometery "was haunted, and ai few extra i'lfuieitive: totoplo visited the inlet in the hopo of catching a glimpna ao the phan. tum.r :. Their curiosity, however, wac not re warded, ".' On tbo fifth of October following, a small party of the .oficres at Port Arthur went across to Icbairt Town to be present at a dinner, given in honor ot .the onptain and oficoer of the ship Argun, by the leading residents of -the town. This vessel was a convicot ship., and it was nearly sir years previotily sinca she lind visited Sullivan's Cove with prisaoire. ' The gathering was alargo one, and hold in the nommodious public hall. Almost the .anmo oflleersi managed tic ship nas on the first goyiage-sixyears back-and they were re. oardcd as old acqualntanceu by the town olk, - .. Llentennant Trench and his two companions of theihahing expedition were aionIgat the 'gcttiEs, and Appeared to enjoy themsclves very much. Such pleasurable gatherings were not frequent in those days. Alter ',oanning the compatny for some time, the lieutenant's eyes became. suddenly rivetted on one of the guests near. the lower end of theroom. Ilis gazeo was fired upon tohe uc. to his companion; sad asked him ii ha ictw the person he had been looking at. ". believe his name is Trelurthla, and, I undoratand, he is a acttlr oi means. I have only seen him ones before, and that was in the parlor of the OtMacquaric hotel,"responded tihe man addressed. This did not enlighten Trench very much, and for a time he forgot the face which had so interested hint. During the evening, awhen the proceedings became (iee, he found hlinielf at tie lower end of the room with one of his lishing companions. Looking aroesse the table, he again saw the man that bie was told was named Trcgurtha. The latter was conversing wiit the second officer of the ship Argus, and the two appeared to be hI ntimate friends. " Have you ever seen that man before, Edwards "' French asked, poiuting to Tre gurthic. "'It seems to me IThave, and vet I don't bono him. There is eomethiug familiar about the face, but I don't even know his uame," answered his companion. SNot cring to trouble himself further about tuo slmtter, the°tIeutnanut entered into the festivities of the evening with enat. It was .sometime near midnight when be left the ixcited group, amongst which he had been slanding, and walked towards a wing of the building, which had been mlade into an arti. floial fern dell for those who .might wish to temporarily escape the heated room. le was looking at, and admiring an immense fern.tree, when, through a lull in the noise which came from the main hall, he distinctly Ieard vuioee niar him, and he caught the words, ' Daesdman'e Ile." That spot had a peouliar interest lor him since the gholtty Incident, and hise attentiono was instantly u~rouesed. "I am thinking of leaving the place and making for the old land again. Since the prison has been built, the place is dangcrous for me. The fact that is is now a oenietery 'brings too manypeoplo to it." This was spoken in a gruff voice that was not familiar to the lieutenant, and the tones 'oi the answering speaker were equally I strange, "I am told tlrt the place is haunted, so that you ought not to have many visitore, espeoially at night, which in the time you nwant to yoursell. But I quite akroo with your desire to return to Enuland, for your life must tho a dreary one." "Yes; i:'s b cninung, tell upon me. The eternal bocmint! of the ocean has got monoitonou, icld I detent it. Yes, I hove Iheard Itht tiol iik ito haunted, and, would you believc It, (lr~c.vs, two scorohen have actually been ic.dc to fied the ghost." At thin Trench, who wal esgerly listcnin n hleard the tiwoi min ilulgll in 0hleltrlyloIuglc lie was niet . il 1 eir,; :l eeoinig who lthey were, but Iie did t5 lilarc to move, unit migClt betra his whrJe:Iboutso, nnd he would tht loss the oonveluationl. " I ouplolsi you mananged tlhe gholst business, P'eooldl" wasa th ndxt words 1it heard. "Yeo; I Ilroduced ini illuscion or two, thinking it milht Lo!p inltrudelrs awiy, hilt it Ihann't done sa. I[uiVver, it aIIusHI noc, and proved lthalt 1 hiv nolt lit ony of tuy old aunnilg |i, the uni or thie gltits'." Thie approach oi a gueOt, in a rlthlcr jolly mood, horalut a1 n illn t the talk i, I,, witlt In the dirctlnln uol thu voices, and Truilua' hoeard him any : C Cooc onil, old fi Hlow,I t'i o:t ivry lday I w se e u ylio, Iili ticre'd come aejiucoidIl 2 Tni ilupr:niate friend Ia thlid't to l e I denied, tn, and, ast th] Lbcth lusu iw':.?d out of the fu ileiiih. Ii I 'I it W'll t at shed |, 0srd 1 0 t w rworn l'r R' t hr, whom h!le floCId on r'? t tb 11?, 111 i lv l I. , I "r1 Ii i 111"1?.1 sc i, ~li, i Tl~i t11l, Adh lid J t il,, t I, :J. "'tre c W lo, 1111 1 I iii' t i C hn IIn mnitc" nllI 1 :ll ,II Ii . AI d he ,yrlrid b1I. Pinic l,, Ti't l u? heili liI lan", . . ,, wil hnlllw nil iliI t, 1 .y Jll .l " tl r ''1 Iy' II thlin , in hki fei l that I hk ,?w. )11 b,? !11 r1 h i I llrsellllllllt t(nIOcluiileCe tlii lily cuilIlery1I hId C t ie m tl us IhrlhU e oI1U this,'" Of ,o?sr h;ad Triench h.own anything about the rscape of Penfold some years be lure; it it iucre tihan probable that he would hauin an idea that the mail before him had soimething in comlmon with the eneapod con. vict; but, as it wmo, hoe knew nothing of the uuiertonate felon'e wonderful escape, and was, ,therefore, at a. lose to aocount for a trle hypotheeia of their remarkabloconversa tion. t 1 0a-torminted to watch the two men that nig;ht to try and find out furtherinformation, but after waiting until 3 a.m., until'they left thle hall, lie only discovered that they went to the v'oequorio hotel, and were admitted: lie returnec tor his oompanions, en they were to Eail for the prison at four o'clock; bhut he did not tell them anything about. the oonvereation lie had heard. When li reaohed tihe prlsop, h. iovnt at once to Superiinteln dent Re3r4 aid narrated what had come to his hlilowledge. " What name did you say that the ofiloer called his companion 1" asked Eyre. "Penfold.. I wrote it down so that I lshould not forget it," answered the young offlicer. Tile ouoprintoedoent wnt to a nhelf, and takini; dovwn a well;bound book, looked thironi;h it before speaking again. . ."On th?e 2aed of April, 1820,: No. 129 (Robtrt Penfold) escaped from the IIohart Town prison, anil up to date heo has not been recaptured. The manner of hie eaeepo was a mystery, and It is supposed that the conviot perished in the forest," Eyre amid aloud, looking at thelieutenanrt. "Wo.ld it not hbe strange," lie continued, "i this Ponfold were identieal with the missing man. And yet it is hardly pousible that he could have remnined about the eottlemente without de. teotion.- Uiless, indeed, he had good friends. He. must haveo had good friends, too, or he could not have eoonped. Who did you say was his companion ?" I' tonoluded. "'T'ho ecoond oflicer of the convict chip Argue. I heard him calted Groeves. llo was ono of the chief guests of the eve. ing." "The Argus, the Argue," mused the super. intundent. " Why, that's the name of the ship that was in the harbor when Penfold oeoaped, some six yeats ago." ''Yea, air. I beard it stated at the dinner that ehoe was here once before about that period." '. Well, I think there is something of im portanco in your discovery. Yet, I cannot understnod what Penfold can have to do with the ghoat buineesa, as he said. IIe certainly could not have concealed himself on DIledman'e Isle for six years, and, had he been there for six years, we would have found him. HIowever, we may learn more, as I will tell off a cover man to watch him. lie ready to go to Hobart Town in an hour's time to point out Penfold and Oreeves to the man I will soind with you. When you do that, you may remain in town until the lfo. lowing morning and return with the boat." In n0 hour's time Trench was bank in the office, where hbe found the superintendent and Cunatable Chapman, who was a born detec. tive. In company with Trench he left for Ilobart Town, where they were fortunate enough to fld Greoves and Tregurthl--or Penfold, for that was his proper name-in one of the private parlors of the Ilacquario hotel. Chapman ohadowod them until night, and near eight o'clook they left the hotel, and proceeded toward the river Derwent. ILieutenant Trench met Chapman in the street, following the two men, and he accom panied him,. Grooves and Penfold reached the river, and in n few minutes the spies caw that they had a boat, and that it might be necessary to obtain another to pursuen. This Clhapman soon did, and in company with the young ofilcer he followed the men, who wrao making towards the mouth of the river. Great care was necessary to prevent de. Cii~E. ??lcU d i thu it~tweas -pparuont that Ptnfold and his cotiepanion were heading towards Deadman's Isle. The sea was smooth, but the distanco was -long, and several hours passed before the boats came In sight of the frowning cliffs of Tasman'e 'eninsula. Soon theyoentered Port Arthur, and the silvery streaks of light, made by the dipping oare of the ehadowed men, showed plainly that they were making straight for :he islet. " We must risk going closer to them," eaid Chapman. Tnhey have evidently. no idea of their beifog followed." 12ntditgto their oars, they rapidly neared the island. The moon was rising, and the first boat wao seen to make straight under the jutting cliffs on the eooth.enst side. " They surely cannot land there," spoke Trench. When he looked again the boat had disap peared, and not a sign of her could be fonood, although the sliff, containing the pursuere, paddled along the side of the rocks where aloe was last seen. They were rather puzzled at this, for no opening large enough to ac. count for the disappearance was visible, but as they rowed back for the second time, a peculiar conformation of the rocks caught (hspman's eye. "There must be come waterway about hero where a boat can be concealed, and I be. lieva it is about this place," he said. Tihe lieutenant looked in the direction his comrade pointed, and he could plainly see groat fissures and water.worn cavities in the rotten basalt face. He was ecanning the clift in the hope of being able to find a prob. able spot, where enlold and -his friend might have vaniuhed, when he caught eight of ia thin streak of light, about half way up the strong wall. There was no mistaking it. A gleam of light iesuing from a crack or hohl it evidently was. ^ Look, Chaptsn I What does that light menu f" hoe eagerly asked. '"We must see by some means. There must be a'secrot enoutrance here to a cavern, and our friends ate in it at present. I don't see how we are to reach that gleam of light; but we must try." The boat was now under an overhanging eJ.lo of rcik, and the ruggted face of the olift, whlth aloud out clearly in the moon. light, gave promnie of secure looting. " Keep the boat hore, and I will try and climb tlhes roels. I think that I can do so," whlieprod Clhapman to his oim. panlon, Divesting hlimunolf of a suplerfinoei coat, he conntahle cauedht hold of the rocky lodge, and, vwill the oil of Ilit comipanion, loon swultg hmflllnsf oi to it. TPlaii with the ut. most care, lie elowly olielthcl to thlu slol ha wanteld to roach, and lwhiol, like a leenoon, woen olidich ila ieienwardi. Two or thres timei the solt roolk oruolhod hlleinath his fooet, but lhe wns wary and didt not relax hisl Grip on thell fireor lstones. oanelhing tho umall tnreuro he loolkecd ti, belt cohll 0oo untlliog, ts it oeurvnd, .nid thle olln;el wona theo small to permit lof a proper obllerv, iol ro aw at the Oral elnno that tht light it. Suiog from the plnrt wtco an nrtilhit orie, I and, wilvt thu ihotint ol c theo detlrctive, hle htient bhit halnd and plnced his eor to thie ore. vice. ia. dlhtLant hum only reaci1ed him, which I nllght ha tlc noevaniee Oi the ?oela nlirisoned ein t ov(1 cl iiterr len ill clavi lnl of r leIcniltaI i ealllilcetolly wcIIoceeco, clud I plt' elllalic in eoveral 1i oti o retit Ice toiul d he allo to recv icie ii l thie Icpct ai(iitilh vhileh he t ,' w loleti i he i he iioard hil ine.nlcu feileify ?ihh rdillcrot. vtic, '#Oc iplicieiig L n ' , a ci I ce1 eihIt o[ hi l liiiiliiionn, tie " I li ,." 1,c1c:1I Llllh v?lien ll T'rr le Ic.i "(e l'llo dli!i I) lil lilt, e e het e(11 111111ic ly 1 0vi v 0l at hi 1n ctll eteltlli the I lnyvlery oi S' lr c itl , it will bt c icic oI thl, ,e Iiuotl iil i inl c Ic cllllrii i n illc conivlet hist or aicl willt cho w i?el ilrcatl eirilrtenci e wil brilig out wondulful quallllhe l a man, 