MINNIGREY. A iROMANCE. CHAPTER LXVI.-Continued. She advanced to the window, which 'the young middy had opened, trust ing that the fresh air would revive her. As she approached, her eye fell upon a letter lying upon the table-near it was the one posted by Gus for her at the Hague. Lady Jane had received it, together with another from her husband, during her absence; hence her anxiety to see Minnie the instant of her return. The poor girl recog nised the handwriting; the joy, the emotion was too much for her; as she stretched forth her hand to take the letter she sank fainting on the floor. Wall'g iid Bob both flew to her assistance, but Lord Digby was be. forehand with them. Carefully rais ing the insensible girl, he placed her on the sofa, whilst Lady Jane bathed her temples with water. 'Do ring the bell!' exclaimed her ladyship'; 'the dear girl is ill-very ill.' Lissette and Susan quickly made theia appearance, and received Minnie Sin their arms to convey her to her own room. As they were removing her the light silk mantle which covered her shoulders fell, and displayed to the astonished sight of the peer a black cross evidently marked on the flesh by the application of gunpowder. In an instant the scene in the lodge in \- Digby Park on the night of the ab duction, and the precaution of Lawyer Bittern, flashed upon his memory; he recognised her-the victim of Baw. tree's villainy and the vengeance of Lady Blanche. "Your lordship will excuse me,' said Lady Jane, as she hastened after her favourite. 'Bless me !' she added; 'why your countenance is as pale as the dear girl's. Are you ill?' 'Nothing-a momentary spasm,' replied the peer, struggling to regain his' composure. 'Bob,' whispered *Waller to his friend, as soon as the ladies had left the room, 'did you ever see a ghost ?' ' Cani't say I ever did,' replied the middy; 'but I remember Maxwell's face in the cockpit when Sawbones, the surgeon, lopp'd off the boatswain's leg. I don't think it was paler than his lordship's. Do you think he has seen one?' . 'Pshaw?!' said his friend; .'these landsmei have no more h'ear~t than a chicken.' Bob was right: Lard Digby had seen a ghost-the ghost of the past the memory of an evil 'deed, 'which, like.a spirit, haunts us when' we least expect it. Conscious that the two youths were narrowly observing him, the peer took his hat.and silently lefc the room. 'Did you ever see a nobleman faint, Waller ?' inquired his friend. The middy shook his head. . 'Digby' 'continized the'young m'an, 'looked devilish' near it. It's my belief he is in love with Iinnie.' 'Not he.' ' What could it be then ? ' 'Can't say,'" replied the youth, musingly. 'You have asked me several questions ;it's my turn to ask y0o1 one.' ,A'sk away.,? : . .. ' - 'Why" "'d6 fariners mnark"- their sheep ?' ' Why to know them, I"lsupose,' replied Bob, with a look of surprise. That's it,' said Waller ; ' and I'll bet a month's pay to a purser's conscience that it was for the same reason someone tattooed that cross on Minnie's shoulder. Long Tom, the gunner, could not have done it more shipshape. How his lordship stared. at it!' 'Do you think he had seen it be lore ?' ' I don't think anything about it; I am sure of it. My opinion is, we shall soon be sailing in' roiigh' water; s0:keep your weather eye open and look out for squalls.' From that day both Waller and Bob kept an eye upon the movements of Lord Digby. As soon as Minnie recovered from the fainting-fit in which the emotion and surprise': of the day had thrown her, she looked anxiously rourid the . loom as if in search of something. Lady Jane guessed the object of her anxiety, and drew the letter from her bosom. 'With true'woman's tact, she knew that its contents would go further to restore her than even her affectionate care. Kissing her upon *the cheek, she whispered in her ear that she was a foolish, fond girl, and left the room followed by her waiting woman and Susan. 'The instant she was alone Minnie broke the seal. Cautiously as the letter was worded, for fear of accident, it'yet breathed all the devotion of a manly love and a true heart. A few words written in the Romany sent the blood to her pale cheeks; they in forhied hier 'that in a few days she might expect him in Yerdun. 'The "firSt feeling was, of joy- the second, terror for his danger. 'The letter was read and' kissed; then read and kissed' 'again;: At last the poor girl sank to sleep 'vith 'the 'letter ..:..from Gus pillowed .don..her.innocent heart. .. O love, love! what would this world be without thee? CAOPTER IXVII. Thle 'pirit bowed her head in ,hame. When thinking o'er life's altered cene- Flasheb of parity which came . To tell her what the might have been. Nothing could exceed the astonish. ment and terror of La Pascata, when, at an early hour on the morning which followed the arrest of our hero and his friend, Spontini informed her of what had passed. At first the in . . . . . ., . , telligenceseemed to overwhelm her, for she knew the danger they were in; but the first emotion past, her courage and energy rose with the occasion. A proud smile lit her flushed features. He shall see, she thought, of what a love like mine is capable. Lisbon witnessed my degradation-Paris shall be the scene of my atone ment. 'They must be saved,' she said, ' a any sacrifice.' Deeply as he felt interested in the fate of the two adventurers, the generous.hearted Italian could not see his gifted countrywoman offer herself a sacrifice to what he knew to be a delusion. 'Carina,' he said, 'you have not inquired what brought the Englesi to Paris.' 'What could it be but love ?' an. swered the actress. ............... 'True !' said Spontini; ' the love of his boyhood. The object of his dearest wishes is a prisoner in Ver dun. Like a paladin of old, he has ventured into the midst of danger to rescue her.' ' May she prove worthy of such de vo:ion!' said the actress, with a deep. drawn sigh; for, despite her reason, a lingering hope that her presence in Paris hsd been the magnet of attrac tion had remained. ' She must,' she added; 'for he hath qualities to win a woman's heart; yet, 4love him as she may, she cannot love him with aheart like mine.' The composer was surprised; he had expected that his intelligence would have been received with despair, with sighs and tears. The expression of his countenance betrayed what was passing in his mind. 'And you are still bent,' he said,. 'on risking yourself to save him ?': 'Yes.' SAlthough he loves another ?' 'Because he loves another,' replied La Pascata, 'and has the manliness to avow it. What claim have I on his young heart? None. What to offer him in return ? Nothing but a faded cheek, and feelings not quite perverted; for even my nature is not all clay; the purity of mind, the freshness of the soul, which, like the dew upon the flowers, adds to their beauty and preserves their perfume, is past-dried by the hot sun of passion.' 'And yet with evening,' observed the Italian, still keeping up the simile, 'the dew descends again.' 'True!' said the actress; 'but then the flower is withered; speak of it no more. I am glad of this,' she added, pacing the saloon with a hurried step. 'I required something to break through the horrid spell-the lethargy in which my heart was bound-something to tell me that I was once more human-to restore me to my self-respect, to his esteem.' 'Esteem,' repeated Spontini, 'is a cold word; 'say, rather, his 'love and admiration.' ' He may restore me that,' thought the unihappy woman, ' when I am dead; but not till then.' She carefully, however, concealed the gloomy foreboding from her country man, and asked the particulars of the discovery and arrest. The composer related everything as it had passed. 'They are not at the prefecture of the police, then,' she said-' in the hands of the subtle, cold-blooded Fouchb6 ?'. ' No, at Vincennes.' 'And the fdrtress of Vincennes," observed Pascata, with a triumphant smile, 'is under the command of Junot-is it not ?' 'It is, Carina,' answered her friend; 'but trust not to your influence there. It is true that in Lisbon he was your admirer, but in Paris-' 'He will be my slave,' inmterrupted the actress; 'nay, do not wonder at me,' she continued, mournfully, ' had the thing a heart I should scorn to trample on it. I know the key to his character-vanity.' 'Vanity !' ' A Tike most Frenchmen, he would rather be admired than loved, even by the woman he professes to adore. Leave him to me. I'll wind the supple governor of Paris round my fingers with as little trouble as I would a silken thread.' 'You do not intend to appeal to his generosity, then ?' 'To the religion of Talleyrand, the mercy of Davoust, or the conscience of Fouchb6, as soon,' answered the syren, with scorn. 'No, Spontini, no. I have had too .much experience to judge mankind after your generous nature. Daily since my arrival in Paris Junot has presented himself at the door of my hotel, and been re. fused.' ' May not this have cooled his pas sion ?' 'Say rather have excited it; if in deed the feeling in a heart like his be worthy of the name. But you must leave me now,' she added, 'it is near the hour of his visit. I thought my last scene was acted on the stage of life. I was in error; it has but just commenced.' Immediately after the departure of Spontini, La Pascata summoned her waiting woman, the same who had accompanied her from Lisbon. The girl had been born and brought up in the mor'ale of the theatre; had an in stinutive talent for intrigue, and a taste for the part.. A hint to such a person was siufficient. WVhen the governor of Paris called at the hotel an hour afterwards, the soubrette was accidentally gossiping at the porter's lodge. Junot recognised her, and after well-acted difficulties and hesita tions on her part, and bribes and flattery on his, prevailed on her to announce his visit to the actrese. * 'Humph,' said the waiting-maid, with an air of pious satisfaction, as she closed the door of the saloon, 'the ice begins to melt at last. What is the use of beauty in a woman if she does not take advantage of it ? But fortune is thrown away on some per sons. I began to think my mis tress's next appearance would have been at the cloister instead of the opera. At the former, I should have left her. There is little nun's flesh about me. But we are all alike, in consolable for the loss of one lover till we have found another. I know it's my own case.' With this philosophic reflection and honest avowal, which, par parenth~se, we suspect the speaker never dreamt would be made public, the lively soubrette returned to finish her gossip at the porter's lodge. La Pascata received her visitor in deep mourning. Her sombre dress, whilst it partially concealed the ravages which grief and remorse had made in her person, gave an interest -to her appearance. Beauty is never more touching that when veiled by sorrow. The rough French soldier of Napoleon was delighted with the well affected air of surprise and con fusion with which the actress received him. 'The Duec d'Abrantes!' she mur mured, rising from her seat. 'Not thet name,' he said; 'call me by the ol, familiar one of Junot.' Had not La Pascata been too sad for mirth she could have smiled at the tone of mock sentiment in which the words were spoken. 'You have been cruel-positively cruel !- -a month in Paris, and yet de. nied my visits. Had you but known how my heart pined to see you, your doers would not have been so pitilessly barred against me.' 'There are occasions, monsieur,' observed the actress, ' when retire meat from the world is at least a duty.' ' A duty !' 'To society-to its opinions or pre judices, if you will. Since we last met,' she added, glancing at her dress, ' I have become a widow. 'Thank Heaven !; exclaimed Junot, with a sigh of satisfaction. ' MLonsieur !' ' That you support your loss so well,' added her visitor, correcting himself. 'I remember poor Don Gomez, your husband-an excellent man, and an unrivalled billiard player. May I ask if his end was very, very sudden ?' 'He was murdered, foully mur dered,' replied Pascata, 'to gratify the revenge of Prince Piombini and the corregidor of Lisbon. Ycu know, duke, I detest affectation; that at least was never one of my foibles. I neither loved nor respected my hus band living. I cannot add hypocrisy to my fault by pretending to veep for him dead ; yet I was true to him, though I scorned him.' 'AAnd now that you are free, you can at last accept the hom age of a heart worthy of your genius and your beauty,' observed her visitor. '1Heart,' repeated the actress; ' where shall I find one?' 'At your feet,' exclaimed Junot, sinking on his knee, and taking her scarcely resisting hand. 'You know how deep was the impression your beauty made on me in Lisbon. Think not that time has weakened it. I would give worlds to possess your love-to win a place in the heart so coldly closed to me.' The Italian listened to him with the air of one to whose palled ear such rhapsodies had long been familiar. The smile upon her lips was half cynical, half in contempt, for the part which she was doomed to act. ' My heart,' she said, 'is not to be won by ordinary means. He who seeks it must first excite my admira tion of his generous qualities and daring-his sacrifice of everything for me. 'Name but your wish.' La Pascata hesitated. 'If it be jewels-' 'Jewels!' she repeated, in a tone of contempt. ' I detest them. Flowers are much sweeter.' And cheaper, thought the suitor, who listened to the observation with secret content. 'For shame, monseigneur,' she added, 'jewels! If diamonds could purchase hearts the usurers of the Bourse would soon outbid you; no, the sacrifice which I demand is the achievement of some noble action; something dangerous-difficult--nay, impossible-to all but the man who really loves.' 'Name it !' said Junot, his admira tion visibly increased by the dis interestedncss of the actress. For a few moments the syren hesi. tated, as if revolving in her mind some deed by which to test his sin cerity. ' You insist upon it ?' 'I implore it !' was the reply. 'Well, then; two strangers were last night arrested on quitting the Tuileries, by order of Fouchd, and sent to Vincennes. It would be some. thing to baffle Fouch6-to rob the bloodhound of his. prey. Vincennes is under your command. Idemand their liberty. ' Ma belle !' 'You hesitate,' continued La Pas. cata, carelessly. . ' You are like the rest of the world-rich in promises, poor in their fulfilment. I was a fool to think the sergeant of Toulon-the General of the Empire-the Governor of Paris-more sincere than the rest of his sex.' (Jo be continued.) 