LORD BERESFORD'S RESCUE OF A FRFENCH WARSHIP. The lDail CIroicle says:--A privateletter from H.M.S. Undaunted, at Jaffa, dated the 4th of May, and received in London on Wednesday, brings the news of a splendid feat performed by the vessel the command of which Lord Charles Beresford has had for about 16 months. Jaffa, the port of Jerusa lem, has an evil reputation among mariners. Vessels of any burthen have to lie off in the roads, and the coasting steamers are often obliged to carry on their passengers to Bey rout or Port Said according as they are northward or southward bound. In these roads arrived and anchored on the 23rd of April the French cruiser Seignelay. On Sunday, the 26th, it came on to blow hard from the westward. The Seignoelay had no steam up, and the gale increasing, first one anchor parted, then the other, and the gale drove the vessel ashore on a sandbank about half a mile from the land. The catastrophe, as it appeared to be, toolk olace at nightfall, and the Seignelav's captain, evidently fearing the worst, Iower`ed a boat, which, before it reached the shore, lost two oars and its rudder. Messrs. Cook's chief boatman, Suleiman, who greatly distinguished himself by saving life from a Russian steamer three months before, plunged into the surf with his brothers, and brought the boat and men safely ashore. The Arab then swam off to the Seignelay with a letter offering assistance, and got back to the shore at half an hour after midnight, having been in the water some two and a half hours. e reporteld that there was no -055o o'1m tii~s'nlp, enoboea sboo~..r 5...5 of saving her. But in the morning she seemed so firmly embedded that the attempt was thought desperate. So the brave Sulei man swam off again through the heavy sea, and brought ashore, hanging round his neck, the captain's wife. In the conrse of the 27th the Austrian Lloyd steamer tried to render help, but was obliged to abandon the attempt. Then Captain Lord Charles Beres ford appeared on the scene in the Undaunted, accompanied by the gun-boat Melita, Commander King-Hall. They found that the heavy sea had driven the Seignelay into shallow water; and the Melita, which is of 970 tons aud 1,200 horse power, could not get nearer than 300 yards from the Frenchman, while the Undaunted, which is of 5,600 tons and 8,500 horse power, could no. get further in that 450 yards outside the Melita. In other words, the Undaunted was about half a mile from the Seignelay. However, says the letter, "with detrmined work night and day, a steel wire hawser, fifteen shackles of chain cable, and the help of God, we floated her in 52 hours. The French and English worked like Trojans together." TE Sa?aI. BoY Te.s are Tout.--It is the small boy who usually tells things, and at the dinner table is his favourite theatre. A bright little fellow peered into the dish at the head of the table, and exclaimed, "What a little chicken for so mny people!" The com. pany ismiled surreptitiously, sand his mother endeavoured to quiet him. But he was like Banquo's ghost. Alter they had all been helped and were eating, his face suddenly lit upi and, clapping his hands, heshouted: . "Oh, yes, I know now, mamma. This is the little chicken that was ill so long in the yard, iin't it !"' 