THE "HERALD" OH HOYLE. The extraordinary gymnastic per formances of tho Daily Telegraph in connection with the dismissal of Mr, Henry Hoyle have been com mented upon by this journal, and tho effect of our criticism has been to prove that the 'Telegraph will not hesitate to swallow its opinions whenever by so doing it can serve a party purpose. But, contemptible as :is the conduct of our King-street con temporary it is honorable compared with that of the Herald. This morn ing that journal published an article on the Hoyle affair that abounds with misrepresentations. The article begins thus : — " The doctrine laid down at the : " Hoyle meetings is in effect that " primarily it is not the interest of "the country which tho Railway Com- " missioners have to consider, but: the " pleasure of the railway employees." Then it goes on to say, "In other :" words, the question now raised is, who is to have control, the Commis- " sioners or the men under them ? " These statements are distinctly un true, . and although the Herald has during the last year or two performed unique feats in the way of misrepresentation, it is astonishing that it had the hardi hood to make the statements. One or two of the speakers at the meeting on Tuesday evening expressed them selves rather wildly, but the others spoke fairly to the resolutions that were proposed. The sentiments of a, public meeting regarding the matters discussed thereat, are embodied iu tho resolutions adopted by the meeting, and when any paper attempts to make the whole meeting responsible for opinions uttered by any speaker who may have been called upon at a moment's notice to give an address it demonstrates that it has neither honor nor principle. The principal resolu- ti>H> carried on Tuesday evening was as follows : — " That in the opinion of this " meeting the action of tho Railway "Commissioners in summarily dis- " missing Mr. H. O. Hoyle, a tried " and trusted railway servant, is an act "of gross injustice and an abuse "of power; that no founded charge " against Mr. Hoyle lias been formu- " lated to explain and justify such a " step ; that the allegation of dis- " loyalty to tlio Commissioners made " against him is a mere subterfuge for "cloaking a shameful attack on trades- - " unionism, and is an attempt to " suppress political freedom." Let the Herald meet that resolution squarely' if it dares ; but it will not do so, because it knows perfectly well that it cannot; and because it cannot it makes cowardly charges against the railway employees. The Herald's satellite grasped the situa tion, and published an article oil tho conduct of the Railway Commissioners which was as fair as any critioism could be. Why the more pretentious journal did not follow the example set by that paper might bo easily ex plained. Even amongst the industrial classes the number of persons is very small who desire that the railways should bo primarily worked in the interests of the railway employees, and we aro sure that not many of the working men wish that tiie control of the railways should be taken from the Commis sioners and handed over to the rail way workers. But they are opposed to tho Commissioners being con trolled by Mr. M'Millan and tho "Kitchen Cabinet ; " and they claim that every railway employee should receive fair treatment. When the Treasurer, in one of the last speeches he delivered in the Assembly, accused hosts of the railway men of disloyalty, and warned them that the Government would not stand such conduct, that is to say that they would stamp out those men, tho Herald must havo known that ho was theroby interfering with tho management of the railways, and that he had no right to do so. But it did not rebuke him. Oh, no ! According to thb Hera£d there may be interference with the railway management by Messrs. M'Millan and Co., but if a railway employee does anything that generates a faint suspicion in the minds of the "Kitchen Cabinet " that he wants to have a finger in the railway pie he must be promptly dismissed. All'that the meeting in the Protestant Hall wanted for Mr. Hoyle was just treat ment. No definite charges had been made against him ; such charges the meeting considered should have been made. And it was also of the opinion that, considering the long and faithful service rendered by Mr. Hoyle, he should have been given a week to think over the ultimatum of the Commis sioners. The statement has, indeed, been published that Mr. Hoyle was dismissed because he had made some remarks, at Kiama, where Sir Henry Parkes discovered a ghost some years ago, on tho fiscal policy of tho country, but not many people, of course, believe that. For Mr. Hoyle had dolivered political speeches on previous occasions without being rebuked by his superiors in office. It has also been alleged that Mr. Hoyle was warned by the Commissioners not to deliver poli tical addresses; ho positively denies the statement, and we accept his denial. It is a question for discussion whether Civil Servants should be per mitted to take an active part in poli tics. Many people aro of the opinion that not only should they not be per mitted, but they should not be allowed to exorcise the franchise. The Commissioners may hold these senti ments. Now, if they had issued a general order that no railway om- ployee would be allowed to publicly discuss political affairs we could understand their conduct towards Mr. Hoyle, and, whilst it might have caused a great deal of excitement, it would not havo exposed them to the charge of injustice towards that official. The Railway Act pro vides for the non-political management of the railways, but ifi also provides that all the employees shall receive fair treatment. We defy anybody to mention a single instance in connec tion witli any other branch of the Civil Service in which an official who did his work satisfactorily was dis missed for the first trivial offence he was said to have committed. The public are strongly desirous that Mr. Eddy and his colleagues should manage the railways on non-political lines ; they mean by that that the Commissioners shall not pander to the railway employees on the one hand, or to the Minister for Rail ways and t lie "Kitchen Cabinet" on the other ; but the public also would have tho Commissioners understand that they are in a Democratic com munity, that the railways are State property, and that therefore every railway employee is entitled to be treated as fairly and justly as the highest-paid officials in tho Govern ment service expect to bo treated. 