" h T s T n g k l . * j BT HENHT HSEMAV. J : ^"^.JM Ori Viimnia," rrrirrfiit vui. (CosTtxcBD.i Snore inebriated ttan Mr- i tour after he tad fauly Etarted. Uten the old nffiu i™ mtoE^tea. he w^fctinguhibedby ^.V"®"'®' ^Srtfeflr.tbeinjrttomad TrtSch he bought drink, for """Jho^ withto sfeht; lite aeaond to animal owng for SnXiciety, generally of "*?>wert,the J^egrad.& 'Sd the most boisterous type ud, tlriraly, a spirit uf fiery pupdaty, whidi "eriUMy rem ted in quarijfi. the senile debauch^, having had hisfnllfling in .pending SrStf. allowance. and having .urn.rn.dea Smsslf with three damse's who were quite as ^pahle a. he in the conmmption ol ardent bailors must needaget .tlo^he^witha lAwnv, fair-haired, Swedish sailor, the result Wng that he was in a trice «™reljr lacked, Xdlf bruised, and obliged 10 fly for ha life to his bedroom, minus hi. frail ones,.aua minus a *eadv supply of whiskey. It is said lhat a n»cul proVSenoe watches over soch ooworthv a tfjunkaids as he, and in this esse he fared indeed better thau he deserved, for the excitementandtbe drink cjmbined resulted lu hi. falling asleep and not waking till early next -moraing. ' The dawning day found Mr. Tinner rnbbini; hit black brouM. but glad to discover that So bones were broken. A big gulp of whakey . steadied hi. shaking nerves. and after collecting his witt, he felt himself ready to meet his son. The old ruffian pretended to be Buffering from • bad headache when the latter cilled. I've bin an* took a glass too much last night, my boy," be .aid, " but I shan't do it aera. I gness it ain't so easy to get shut of an old habit like that. I was Btone tired fast night. I'd bin bavin' a denied long walk up town an' back agio. Long walks do me good. An* I've bin' lookin* for a man as I've bin trantin'to come npw'.th for ever so long. I've had a grudge agiu Vim this many s year, an' I want to get on the prairie with him." "Who is it?" asked young Underwood casually. , .. . . . *• QfJ) j guess yew don't know bio, answered the old villain, in his best comedy style, keeping his coldly glittering eye fixed vpon the young man. "It's a man that's done mi a mountain of wrong. 1 don't know as yew'vaevsrheerd o' my panlner, Joe Robinson, Hell-fire Joe; he was a rough'un, but be •wasn't a tad 'an if yew knowed him; Waal, that.man as I've bin a-wantin' to meet hanged him, an' he would have hinged mt, I tell yew, if he'd cotched me." I should have thought that this is not the sort of acquaintance you would care to meet again," retorted yjung Underwood, with a eold smile.'' " Oh, I've got my reasons." exclaimed Mr. Turner. " Joe Bobmson had a daughter. She was quite a baby when poor Joe was lynched, bat now I guess she'd be nigh on twenty year old. The brute that huneed her father carried her. off, an' he's bin bring in' her up as bis own daughter, but I won't have the gell kept ignorin' of hex father's name." " Where is the girl z" asked the young man, getting interested in his father's redtaL •• Who is the man f" J reckon yew might have heerd about is Dsn Kershaw." That bolt, to Mr. Michael Turner's blank dismay, went wide of the mark, and returned to stfike the ruffian's own head, like a misdirected boomerang. Hubert Underwood, his eyes aglow with fierce resentment, with his teeth hard set and his fists clenched, tuned his chair, and glared his father full in the face. -'You have been following me," he cried with a quiet intensity. " Confess it. You have been following me, or I may forget that I am your son, and throttle you." The tarn which the affair bad taken so took the old man by surprise that he could only stammer, "I ain't done nothen. I've got a Tight to take a walk if I want to. I guess I've go " Confess you've been ploying the spy upon me," repeated Hubert with slow deliberation. " It will he better for you to tell the truth." Mr. Michael Turner took a convenient refuge in an assumption ol oSended silence. " Well," continued the young mas, *'sinee you will not speak, I will confide to you what J hare done. I naturally wanted to know how you came to New York, when you came, in what wise you came, where you came *ftom, and I employed the time yon occupied in dogging my footsteps by setting an "— agent to discover particulars of Tomer's—Cheeseface Mike's—latest careen' The old man's pale features turned a ghastly ashen atthat unexpected sally. "He agent required only two flays," the young journalist went on slowly and oOldly, " to djiBcover that Michael Turner was, about three weeks ago, an inmate of the 'gaol at Cleveland, Ohio, having" been condemned *to .a jhngthened term of "hard labour for theft And attempted murder in a bouse of ill-Came, ~ He lesmed 'further that Michael Turner, together with two other convicts, escaped from thet prison during the sudden illness of the bead gaoler, who, it has since been proved, was poisoned by accomplices, and that tlie Cleveland police are at this moment actively Marching for Mr. Michael Turner. Now. as a good -citizen, it is my duty to inform the police-of the whereabouts of Cheeseface Hike, and by heaven I will do it if you stir ont of this 'boose another yard without my express permission, if you as much as whisper whit yon laid "to me just now to a living soul." " Yew'd have yewr father sent -bade -to pris'n!" hissed the baffled soonndreL " Waal, a fine thing it would be for all the world to read in the papers that Mr. Hubert Underwood *JmmoIo» young gentleman, is the aon of a "Don't you lay "the flattering unction to jottbobI that you can scare me with ttatbogey, There would-be no report in the panels about your arrest. I'd call in the first policeman and give you into custody. There would be no trial, and if there were, I would only '.hare "to explain my position to the news' editors, and tteni is not a piper in New York or the States AM? would report the cafe, r ve got yon by The throat, and give you the option to live comfortably on such reduced allowance as I will now make you, or go back to jail. But I'll do my best to prevent you from harming those I <* re ,;, or - a9 ,s<ire as there is a God above us 1 1 ateolve me if I curse and hate my own •i e w do « your damnedest et your peril." " Golly !» exclaimed the old -villain, when fas sot had left the room. " He ain't <the fool i2S hun J or - ^ might ha' knowed it," be added, neariv proudlr, "he's my eon." He was not long lift in doubt for confirmationof the surprising discovery that Hsdiert was not thefool he had thought him to he, Sonless "than fi ve minutes aft er the close of their inter- ' "view, the proprietor o f the Nelson Grand hotel 1 opened the bedroom door, and barely putting in \- n ^ * lth tte " Oh. yiute thero • y° Q ? " closed the door again. ."''fwards Mr. Turner heart- 1 1 1 d ' E e ^ f i S . 0 " thetandle. descahk aor profitable tare to record or umtate the avalanebfef oaths with which the cngod^cndrS sreeled this novel state o£ thiuel He^ired. «d3amped,_and danced npZd^d " ' S S i t ^ i " hab!tDal fountain of whisky bottle; but that was emptv. mmorf to hammer at the door like a madman. W^'L"'" 1 shonang^^Sf nori ^eMm , etiraewith tte filUiiertand ' an 4T na K e that ever defiled of \- less over his chest j ? * lth e~»d asise if vmi-u «d«se you to make Ins **Mtto«rtttat ugiyhead? >"ck me in?" roared Ifc "TO f ^ r i ^ P " ^ with a laugk. ? his hand. S u ^ S S r ^ E s B f s 1 ^ot t« "atay in this room until you're peruntied to move. And -more than tiiat. Not a y drop of liquor will yon get while you're here. Ann if you make the alightestattempt to escape, I'll have to take you by the ecruff of the neck, and run you out "into the street, and hand you over to the first policeman. Now, which is it tober* His rage and discomfiture overpowered the white-haired rogue, and he sat down on the bed and fairly blubbered. The landlord threw outaa '" I guess you understand what you've got to do now," and left the rojm, locking the doorbehinn him. CHAPTER EE.—" Yon Have Bees Mt Father.** While the black thunder clouds of the exposure of her father's shame wete rolling Bearer and threatening Miss Angel's peace, the yonnglady was In the happiest and faubiratof moods. Am outfit had to be ordered, aid for the first time in her young life Miss Kershaw took an interest—a great interest—in female finely and milliner's artifices. She considered that, in going abroad, she was leaving her oounby which was berown base, and where die could dress as she pleased; for one where the foibles of ceremonious society had to be taken into account, and where a sop had to be thrown to the Cerberos of fashion, if «he desired to associate with people who wete her equals-,in station. She had shrewd common eense enough to understand that, whiLt in New York and the states, she was Miss Kerahaw of Angelica City, a personality whom most people knew, and who could afford to dress as aiinplv «r aa oddly as she pleased—in Europe the customs and habits of society wostld have to be considered, and she would not be able,-for instance, to go to a dinner party in her ordinarv walking dress, without attracting m- charitabls notion. Uu<& as she disliked it, therefore, at tint, she had to hand heiself over to the tender mercies of the fashionable dressmaker. Bat appetite comes with eating, and whether it was that the enthusiasm of the modiste about gorgeous gowns, and mantles, and wbat tuA was contagions, or that the voting lady had never redly understood what uelighttkefemsle mind can find over the selection of materials, the all-important decisions anent cat and shaje, and especially over that superlatively -ercitang occupation of trying on, Mus Angei'-s opinions aboatfrocks ana frosk-buildsts gradually, but surely,^underwent a complete change, and she was as hippy over her newly discovered estatemeet as a child over a new toy. Miss Kershaw was closeted witti flier philosopher and ^nide, the fashionable milliner Mid dressmafcer, deep in the etndy of the intricacies of the last Parisian edicts relating to frocks, when Bsbert Underwood was admitted Mow, an 1 immediately proceeded to theli brary, where he hoped to find naniel Kershaw. The »eiing man was pale. His eves v •tiered about the room restlessly, and his hands trembled. Mr. Xershaw happened to 'be momentarily absent, and to the young journalist the few minutes that elapsed'before the millionaire entered the library appeared interminable. The old pioneer at once noticed "therpeculiarly nervous condition of the'usually- so calm and -unexcitable young man, and immediately faced him with the remark:: "" Mr. Kershaw," answered (Underwood, " I had intended, if possible, to -spore tyou "the worry and annoyance which are bound to arise from the disclosure I have to make to you, but matters have taken -each a torn that 1 deem it my duty to tell you what has happened.** 4 1 Hold hard," exclaimed the eld man. " I guess what yew're goin' to tell <me ain't as sireetas maple BUgarf-and if .yew don't-mind, ril«it -down to it. Now, -my boy," bo continued, -seating bimself in (his 'big armchair, " yew can start, an' run, an'tace, an* have the whole length o* the road." " My father, theiather of whom J have such jegason to be ashamed," continued Hubert, With mtanxious tremor thrilling -in'his voice, " is inlfew York. He has heen in New York forsOme days.* It'was Daniel Kershaw's -turn bow to feel htsiierves tingling with ah unaccustomed trepi datioh.'; He had faced dangers -of «11 'kinds over and over again.; he -bad laughed gatxnt dsath in the face en ecoies -of occasions, but ehame, and especially shame-and distrea to bis Angel, affrighted him. ^ A ghost Aad 'haunted him for two or three -days past, a ghost called up by Michael Tomer's face which he had seen from bis window, the ghoet of HeUfire loe 'that scowled at him of e night, «nd.glared at him ^from odd -corners -of 'his'dreams, and pointed with claw-like fingers 'to its -torn and -swollen neck, and cried, "'What-right have vou with my daughter ? Give up my-daughter! Tell her that you killed me !" " Waal," he said slowly, "that ain't news as one would -print, an' - buy a :frame for, an* hang in the parlour, but I -gnees it wos to be some day or other. -Iireokon be wants money, en'he'll have .to have-it." .- i " I have given himmoney/'ietorted Underwood, bitterly," hut it is lie droplets thrown into the ocsan. The more you qgive, the more he wastes in debauchery, and the more be wants. That woold be little, -bat be has just escaped ^rom gaol, and "there is no crime that he would not commit, when in drink, or to get drink. He made a-great-ehow of being anxious to reform, and very nearly succeeded in throwing dnst in-my-eyes. iucldiy he betrayed himeeU,-and«be betrayed himself-over a real or Aginme?" cri«3 the old man-in astonishment. "Vbet'sbegotaginmef" . The wSble story had tor be told—the sore had 'to be latlfullybare. ITh .an * 1-rmHn that Hiss Kershaw is Hellfire Joe's -daughter, and that he will not allow her to 'remain in ^noranoe of herfatherVname. ,> The old .frontiersman bad risen elowly, with •blanbhing-Sace, and etonil r hardening features, -eQent ana grim. -Gradually the heaving bosom -swelled, -the -lips opened, showing the teeth, hard set, and a fierce solemnity, -the solemnity of outraged joetioe, ehone in his eyee. 4 1 Mike Torner yewr father, "hieaed Kershaw, "an" he'll tell my Angel that her father was a murderer, an' *that I banged him. Not much 'he wont, I reckon. Whar is be?" he demanded nearly savagely. "3harehim«sfe?or the moment,"annrered trnderwood, aghast at the impression his -announcementbadmade upon the millionaire. '^He is oirder lo^ and key ina amall hotel in Canal -streetP 'and' the ^ proprietor is keeping watch andLgaard-overbim.'' " " But yew <kyn*tkeep him thar for ever,' MjttlUMIIlilf- T i n Immlmw ^M^i wui' would look coward] v. an* no man or devil shall ever-eay that SenT Kershaw wos afraid of him. It ain't yewr fault, my boy, that-Cheeseface Mike is -yewr father, any more than it's my alngel s-faultthat HeUfire Joe was hers." lie bad confessed the hard naked truth -without knowing that he had confessed it, bat, mow that it was told, he felt the load of a millstone taken from his mind. For years he had jealondy guarded the secret. Now another man-shared it, the man of all others most likely, to- shield, with the bul wark of bis own life, her' whom it threatened. And Hubert, knowing that lus :betrothed Tas -of asllowly, as -nean, and as despicable birth as himself, was BO steeped in bis lore that hef felt not even a tinge of added joyover the discovery which brought Angelica Kershaw to ~a -nearer level with himself. She was not lowered abairsbreadtb in bis esteem, in his reverence, in his adoration. Only a bemorous pity, a tender sorrow, that annotated bis love, and made it a trifle softer, and balmier. Not axetnftrk, not an. eirlsmaticn of surprise escaped -from his lips.. "His Aiigel was his Angel, and be would as lief haye chided a butterfly 'for having -Sprung , frbm a chrysalis as having J reamed ofdeemingitareproacbthatshe was aslow-bomashiimiHf. - '"'"' ' " "Ignees^Bw^isJeot^tb letme hendlethat ifalher o* Tenzn^'-cuitikmed Daiitel Kershaw. •"It aln t to be reckoned as yew'd- keep the grip on Uo another man could. He ain't nite a d}g gone fpoL Cheeseface Mike ain't, f 'he'e escaped from pris'a, he knows that he •fan be sent back agin. He may think that his -son wouldn't do that, but he's tasted samples of my pepper afore, fen* I guess bis mouth is •fimartin* yet. That's two things he did. Hike Tomer's got to be made to keep a dose 'tongue, and"—here the old man's voice dropped, and a tremor vibrated throogh it— " my Angel's got to blow that I aiut her father." " But surely " eiclaimed Hubert. "Oh, don't yew go an' frighten yonredf," interrupted Kershaw.' " I ain'tgoin to tell her sotheniaboutHeilfire lToeairhisgallows. Thar ain*tnetheniobegained!bytbat. But I count as I got to be honest at last, an* tell her as I've stole her love, an' beghsrtoforgive me—forgive sne. 1 * r •- The voice became-softarand neariy tearful as he trsst-on.. It was thevoioe of ipoor repentant sinner proclaiming his hope of a pardon to ooroq. " Yes, my bov," he repeated," I'ye stole her love; an' what« mare, - he added >rith a stern ngolnt^on. "I'mesn .to keep it, God bein* willing all the days of my iife. Now yew go io*n towH, an* if it can be<3id, vewbrmgthat father o' yewrn to me ii^r. fit it cayn't be did. yew know, an' I'll go -down Co ftan." "It's only/tight,' he nattered when the y i ^ ^ Wfeooeu "»wasn't fair to start with, an' Gadfawws I've tried tn £ght win it. an* tell her «f It tins jaany a year jpiwt;*' 'Theyounglaay snes «n a jwetty pout at being disturbed. . * < "What a bothec, daddie ~de*rl" she ex. ten—perhaps fifteen: Yew'll give them to ewT daddie, won't yewa If he asl(syew i?' " Why, you're as serioQH as a judge, daddie dear," rejoined Miss Angel, Beating hendf on a footstool at his feet and tpokinsfup into his ' What is the "matter? w? What has " " happened?*' He took her head between bis two hands and kissed her upon the forehead, long and fervently. "Hove yew so, my Angel," he breathed. " 1 believe I'd die if 1 were forbid to love yew. I ain't much of a hand at sayin* whys, nor wherefores, nor hows, but I know that yew're settled jest here —jest on my heart, an' growed thar." "I know this, daddie dating," she whispered surprisedly. " I have knowu it ever since I've been able to understand what it is to be loved." " An' yew love me, my dear," be continued in the same t-nderly vibrating half-hroken voice. " Yew love me as a good gell ought to love her father. Tell me, dearie, do yew love me because it', yewr nature, an* yew cayn't help lovin* me K" She looked tip at him with her big, dark eyes brimming with her heart's fall devotednese. " What a question to ask, daddie !** she said smilingly. " f love you became I love you. Because you're the drarest daddie in the world; because not to love you would be impossible." " Ah, would it?" he retored. "Suppose yewr father was dead an* gone long ago, an* I've taken his place, en* given out as I was yewr father." Hie eyes were glued upon her as be spoke. He watched every movement of her features, as if all his heaven were staked upon her reply. "I don't want to suppose any such thing." she answered. "What u the good of it?" " Answer me," be pleaded. " Suppose it wos. Suppose I wosn*t yewr father—how would it be then f" " Why, if it were so,** she replied with drooped eyes, and the fingers of one hand nervously moving across the open palm of tho other," you have been my father—I know no ether—I «sn think of no other." "Bat ill had told yew lies," he went on in a hoarse atoniness,—"if I had told yew stories that wosn't true, becos I had to say somethin*. yew know, when yew asked onestions,—an' yew-did ask a lot, yew know—all soitBof 'em— about yewr mother, an* about things—an* I, I told them one after another, an* one -wickeder than another. Becos, yew see, my dearie," he •cried in an agony of confession, "I am noi yewr father, an' I've lied to yew all this while, Jai* now it's bad to come out, an* yew'U despise me." 33c turned his face aside and buried it in his hands. She, slowly and gently, and with the tears of piteous sympathy T'elliag in her eyes and rolling over her cheeks, drew his fingers aside 'from where they rested, and encircling his neck with her soft arms, pressed her face against his, sobbing as if her heart-strings were overstrained in their effort to make sweet music. "No, daddie darling," die cried. "Never, daddie darling—never, now, in (his life which is yours—never, now or hereafter. Ton not my father f There is only one for me besides you— the Master in heaven. A thousand times more my father now, than you ever could have 'been." And kissing him again and again in such holy -embrace'aa a daughter may give to her puent, -she laid her head on his bosom, and the sturd 1 pioneer wept with' her as though they boti were children- She pulled out her handkerchief and dried his eyes and hers at the same time. "Listen to me,my Angel," be whispered. " I'll have it off my chest—sis much of it, at any rate, as yew need be told." A shiver of self-reproach went through him at thit moment, as he rejected that a portion at least of the dread facta would have to be concealed from her. "Yewwos a tiny wee baby," he went on slowly and stolidly, " when yeWr father died— jest about threo year eld—an'yew had no ore in the wide, wide world to give yew as much as a drop o' water—no fatter, no mother, no sister, no brother, no nobody. I kpowed yewr father. He was not a very good man, but it ain't my place hyar to say a word agin him afore yew, his daughter. Yew wos the prettiest babby that I ever seed, an* the moment I set my eyes oh yew I took to yew, an' yew took to me. Yoa could barely toddle then, an'I wos as pleased as a squaw over a new ted blanket to have a little thing like yew crowin' at me when X cum borne from the mountins or from prairie Jpafin*. An' then yew growed, an' the more jrew'd growed, the more yew got to be a_ need to me^an' I would rather have done without my pipe, an* my whisky, fifty times aye, without yew. An* then yew got to be old enough to talk, and to ask about things, an' then the lies bad to begin, and yew called me daddie, an* I didn't like to say nay to that—it would have hurt me to say nay to that. Then all the folks about called yew Kershaw's little wench, an* X didn't aa' nay to that either,-an* the "bigger yew growed. jhe prettier yew growed, aa' yew got to be jest a bit of mv heart, like, an* a man might as easy have cut a slice o* that ont, as yew, Then I got rich, an* the gold cum frnTnWfr, in, waggins full, an'I wos glad it com. I said-to myself, that's .all for my Angel, an' that pleased me. yew know, an' made me work harder, cos I had yew, my dearie, to work for. An' yew growed quite a Iidy, an* so .hensum, an* so lovin', an' so kind to me, an' all the people loved yen, an' I wos so proud that they did love yew, an' though I often did think of tellin* yew, I never had the heart to do it till now. An' now I have told yew, an' you haven't called me names, an* yew*ve lasted me, an* I'm happier than ever I woe, cos^*ve told yew *hit yew-ought .to ha ye teowed. years g'ne." ;J. He raised her and drew her |b his breast, and enfolded- her sUgbt frame/with Ins great strong arms, and pressed hecfto his heart, and .neither of them uttered a >^risp£r for tie sp&c; of a minnta or two. '. J V Do not speaiofthis again, daddie darling,' she breathed. '". I want to know no more about it. I am doubly your- child, for now my sense of gratitude is awakened, and I am beginning to feel how much I owe to jour love. Sat for y?n I might be a poor, wretched, forlorn waif of the prairies—a_ straw cast before the winds —and here lam rich,, respected, beloved, and cared for. I have not yet been able to arrive at a full appreciation of my debt to you, but I will soon, daddie dear, t will. But 111 love you all the more, if that be possible. I'm a fright," die exclaimed with dunged conntoherself in the nanoe, jumping np ^ think you've been, scolding me, and have made me cry. I don't care," she added brightly, smoothing her tresses and cooling her glowing face with bee handkerchief, "let her think what die likes." She blew a kiss to him as die pansed for a moment at the door. "Godbless you, daddie darling," she whispered, and was gone. Gone like a soft breeze that has cooled the burning face. Gone like a bounteous shower that has refreshed the sun-scorched plain. Gone like blessed charity that leaves its happiness in its wake. Gone aa love does go whm it has brought lifeand hope, and has promised to return. The pioneer wis sitting in his aim chair dreamily, as he bad never remembered himself before. A donbt still battled 'in bis mind Ought I to have told her allF he deliberated tt himself: Ought I to tell Her Stair No, i, no, no! Ctmeihe 'answer of bis conscience, dear as a dtrian; yon most not break her young heart and blast all her life with the cankning thought that her father was on At that moment young Underwood appeared at the door, paler even than he had been earlier in the morning. '•What'sthe sign now?" asked Kershaw. Istharapaintherloose?" ' "No,""gasped the jonns man, "but a creature that's far worse. My father has cot away again." „•,-.-.'- . "Get away!" • exclaimedv":the~ "pioneer. ./'P? ft? »e»4y -mnrdered Stoi'lwLdi6ia : i>f •the hotel."continuedJTnderwoiid. "Hemade a ghastly horrible sling-shot by36Uing a'ieavy tumbler with the iron topi screwed bB from the fire-irons, and tying the lot in a handkerchief. He lay in wait behind the door for the poor man, and when the latter entered to give him bis lonchson, he struck him a fearful blow over the back of the head, breaking the tumbler into half-a-dozen pieces and fracturing the' skull. It is doabtfnl whether or not the wounded man will live, and in the hurry and shiny mv father got dean away." " Wail, boy, what do yew propose to do?" asked Kershaw. . "Heaven only knows," repliedthe journalist. •There 11 be a trial now, and an exposure, and Miss Angelica may hear all about it for the old villain wfll certainly not hold his tongue. O God," he cried, "is it a sin-to wish one's own rather dead?" (TO BB ooimKran}. 