A I JkTAISTLOPHI E AT TIl I~c 1 S C.ASINO. BT NIAorN D. UBNEB. Not longop ater the asino of the Central It park was drat thrown open to the public, a three persons regularly visited its refresh. servation by their.remarkable conduct. b They never spoke a syllable, either to each ether or anyone else; even their order being given to the waiter upon a slip of paper by one of the three. They were certainly not deaf, because the a waiters spoken announcement of the ex. a poee incurred was always instantly as lented to by a general bow of the head, and an immediate production of the money de manded. If dumb, they used no signs of the hands, orotherwice, to communicate with each other. Their demeanor was invariably of the deepest gloom. The looks whicrt they occasioasly cast at each other bore r.o traces of affection, nothing of the glow of friendship hut were stony and cold, as with mutual re- t enitment and repulsion. They appeared to take no pleasure in the food they ate, though consisting of the most I delicate and tempting viande, but devoured it with the mechanical coldhess of phantoms or ghouls. All were clothed in the deepest, richest black.' The faces of all were utterly devoid of color'; that of the lady was very pretyr, though she was no longer young, and p,eosessd of: a-. fignre-inclined to .smbcn ,i courue the appearance of this singular tio regularly once or twice a week through en entire season, at snuchb a fashionable -reslr, could not fail to -command curiosity '.Toey-aSrme~ta-be knaownamn theu1th?kd *' and ,her attendants as- the.three ghouls of the (l"'eo, and-nianywotie the epeeanlaione s-tr~-wh'o7thp- wbire," and' what was the meaning of thlr sginolar denieanor. In the mea?time, however, the silent .trangers grew gloomier-and more ghoul-like at every visit: and the dull cold glare of re. seotment in the eyes of each appeared.to daily Increase in intionity of hate. . At let there oinea c?atastrophe. Itwan' I a lovely afternoon, and the Casino was throrged.: Aid'then the three strangers b:san to adopt:a most novel - mode of lan gage,. They began to hies at each other.as .i pasie-eed by r.a 'milntitne of poisonous eor pale. - Their. eyes blazed like basiliokti eair teethglittered through their shrunkenb t.ps andastill they hissed anid hissed' with tit fury of fiends. ' Tey were instantly surrounded by a :ºideri?u gnond.mniemhs erec ?t which could not forbear exclaiming, ,bShame I shame I" as sucil-a hbonitural exhibition of serpena Minepiteand maevolevoence. Bat thesthree:beingsRthuO enfortunatelyt pnaseserd only'hised ,the 7louder, and aeo sampahied their;esibllations by fierce-and thrliieateniog estiolationh .= 'he :lsdy appeared 'more furious than eiher ofher eompanionos;! She hissed'awayr like a.pythonesn, and her (ace, usually.eso cadaverous in hbe, glowed lika the illdmi. noted rind of a ' Jack-o'-Lantern. - Is chs mad : .' Are they all crazy! '. " Send for an olflcrr!?.and similar ejaeola~ tions fell from the;lips of the wondering and horrified spectators; but without any effrei: upon.the snake-filled strangers.. .At last the.men worked themeelves;into a fiendish rage, arid sprang to their feet. One of .them drew a knife,' and before he. could be prevented, thrust it into the bosom. of his opponent. A cry of horror rang through the saloon ; but this was •changed to. one of wonder at the conduct of thi wounded man. He simply drew his coat over the hilt of the dagger, which still remained quiveringin his breast, burst 'into a low, sardonic laugh, and strode from the building as if he were unhurt.' ' But,before he departed, the: only words that had ever been heard to proceed from the myeteirous trio fell from his hps. "Fiends I" he hissed; "by the serpent spell that governs us all, I will yet haunt ye both I Farewell Y may have destroyed my body, but the cobra-spirit in my nature will follow you on, and poison ye for everl'. ' He vanished, and tlhose who followed him to the dooriinstantly Jost.eight of him, as though he had melted into thin air. A storm :oi. triumphant hisses from the remaining pisir was their only. reply to. the imprecation of 'their defeated fellow'; and then tllsy reesimed somi 'wine' they had:been diseonsingand brainie aeombilfe and, silent as ever. :': " . "'Seizrbthe nmurderer i :Bnfn.for a police man " :cried the now tihoroughly excited crowdi:gatheringo around with thre?deiaig gesltores,whichb hoierver, :hd no effeotsupon thepair. h- 'I' Apuieeian a.wassummoned. He hppenoed to be of the?id ia:plilegmr; 'ioiand mattrr.of.! fet' varety, lio' are in the habit of taking everylhipg easily. Atter hA aring tie" story of the desperate etabbing; and the tý?dden evaporation' of the murdered :man i he regarded the remaining., mkti-:and?wniomai' with:ieonsiderable non; .:chalanoe; and: remarked:' ,'(" " ' " Looks to 'me like i* regulair' bilk. Murdered men don't elope out. of 'siglit with knive+:ieaing ein-their hearts.~ No need of \- row abanunothing." '. He walked leisurely off,'much to thodia.' satisfaetion of the "crowd;' and the silent -mae, with his silent partner, coolly finished . their wine, paid for. it, and ,departed for thbeir.carisge, as.had been their custom. Thcese irh" ipitnessed their departure asiveired that from the depths of the myeter iqae coach there was heard toissue low and multitudinous hiseilige, as froni a whole nest of wrangling serpents. da the gentleman andladye dntinued their ceg.lar visits. to.the Cadino, the absence of their,whilom comnpanion confirmed many in the conviction that the murder had been 'no sham, bqiaactuiiali and frightful tragedy; ·aod she, psair -were regarded with growing suspicion and dread. ' .. One day, when they .ier sitting.at the able they pnsially. oocupied-ae for apart Irom,the re!t as possible--a sudden reoumlp ion of te hsaidg -ouonds instantly rivetted i?porn thie.the most intense and anxious Do this time the hisses were neitler. . er-(ie norlound;" They were low, tremulous, 'and hostasti',- aseof- snakes in terr r and pain. The man add theswoman drew to -"gsther,ehiveringly, as.if-strioken by sudden gests of icy wind, and glanced at thooe'diti door, with expectant horror upon their corpse like faes.' . All eyes were turned in the same direction aurl so breathless was the suspenee that a pin might hbve been heardto drop. The ghost of the murdered man glided into the light of the spaoioos doorway, and stood motionlessloi an instant, giving utterance simply to a low, eardonio sibilation, which aurdled the- tood of all who heard, and eansed the voity ouaple to cower and shud er in a·bjec~t horror. The ghost was attired precisely as when last beheld in the eiiloon, muoh after the manner of Dion Bonoicaolt'e "Phantom," save that , -"His waist WTashound with hia waist-band roeund tIis burroished stove-pipe gleamed on high, 'But his breast was bare, with the red wounds there And dark'wat the glare.of his glassy eye." The dagger remained planted in his breast. He pointed to it with a moveless finger, and then glided forward without a sound. The Sadii~ were too muoch?frightened to sEor?riinam, 'bat turned perfectly *hite'with terror. The "waiters blanched to the color of their aprols. Bat the guilty eople presented the most pitiable sight. They aotually i]tedbeInatti she a`enging hands 'which the phantom? e tended menacingly above them.. "' The tableau might have .reaohed even a more ghastly extremity had not a personage at this moment strolled in, foi whom'lie -.'superatur~l, or, its .imitalions, had-but S ~ty terrors, This was the phlegmitidi "~What's this tom-fooleryf"' he blandly emarkad; at the same tite giviing: the h .hdeons phakntom a iolp 'i.the ba" wheh tnsdaa mandanibeing of hibt in the t~inrink T- i ng. e uf upaes - p ...hleg-mhepuc The man of unpoetio phlegm then plucked the dagger Iron: the bhantom'e breast, and sent him r~c:iog back !rom a punch in the rieb with his .:.lwart elbow. " Now, bleed to death, if you willl" he exclaimed, with savage cruelty. ' ou tee, ladies and gontlemen,'he s qusilued, holdiedg np the murderous poinard, anJ working it with his hands; "didn't I tell you how it was all a bilk. This is a-trick dagger;,whose blade rune into the hilt, and that vagabond was never hurt a bit." A cry of rage burst from the crowd who had been so egregiously sold, and a move. ment was made toward the "phantom " and his friends, the latter of whom had arisen and began to hiss anew. " No more of that I" cried the officer, swinging his club, angrily. " Speak out, or come to the lookup I" They understood his gesture, if not his words;tnd straigthaway those mysterious and thoughtless ones began to speak French at a rate that would have alarmed an army of Germans. "Who understands their lingo ?" roared the officer, clapping his hands to his ears. A little dapper gentleman, pale with trepidation, came forward and explained, in broken Englibh, that he was the agent of the gentleman and lady, who were French mountebanks (renowned artists, he called them), whom he had brought over to this country. Pending their appearance at a certain Bowery establishment, he had adopted this innocent mode of enhancing their importance, intending to make a regular newspaper expose shortly before their legitimate appearance, and thus insure over whelming houses. This explanation was made under such ludicrous terror, that the good humor of the majority of the throng was thoroughly re stored, and. the discomfited acrobatse and sword ewallowers, with their little agent, wcre .euffere to depart .unmolested ;but therd were i'idiywho remembered, with no degree of satisfaction, how completely they had been "sold" in the Casino. 