GALLEGHER. A NEWSPAPER STORY. (FROM SCBIBNER'S MAGAZINE.) We bad had BO many office-boys before Gallegher came among us that they had begun to lose the characteristics of individuals, and becamo merged in a composite photograph of email boys, to whom we applied the generic title of "Here, you or, " You, boy." We had had sleepy boys, and lazy boys, and bright, " smart" boys, who became so familiar on so short an acquaintance that we were forced to part with them to save our own self-respect. They generally graduated into districtmessenger boys, and occasionally returned to us in blue coats with nickel-plated buttons, and patronised us. But Gallegher was something different from anything we had experienced before. Gallegher was short and broad in build, with a solid, muscular broadness, and not a fat and dumpy shortness. He wore perpetually on his face a happy and knowing smile, as if you and the world in general were not impressing him as seriously as you thought you were, and his eyes, which were very black and very bright, snapped intelligently at you like those of a little black-and-tan terrier. All Gallegher knew had been learned on the streets—not a very good Bohool in itself, but one that turns out very knowing scholars. And Gallegher had attended both morning and evening sessions. He could not tell you who the Pilgrim Fathers were, nor could he name the thirteen original States ; but he knew all the officers of the twenty-second police district by name, and he could distinguish the clang of a fireengine's gong from that of a patrol waggon or an ambulance fully two blocks distant. It was Gallegher who rang the alarm when the Woolwich Mills caught fire while the officer on the beat was asleep, and it was Gallegher who led the " Black Diamonds" against the "Wharf Rats" when they used to stone each other to their heart's content on the coal-wharfs of Richmond. I am afraid, now that I see these facts written down, that Gallegher was not a reputable character; but he was so very young and so very old for his years that we all liked him very much nevertheless. He lived in the extreme northern part of Philadelphia, where the cotton and woollen mills run down to the river, and how he ever got home after leaving the Press building at 2 in the morning was one of the mysteries of the office. Sometimes he caught a night car, and sometimes he walked all the way, arriving at the little house, where bis mother and himself lived alone, at 4 in the morning. Occasionally he was given a ride on an eatly milk-cart, or on one of the newspaper delivery waggons, with its high piles of papers still damp and sticky from the press. He knew several drivers of " night hawks "—those cabs that prowl the streets at night looking for belated passengers—and when it was a very cold morning he would not go home at all, but would crawl into one of these cabs and sleep, curled up on the cushions, until daylight. Besides being quick and cheerful, Gallegher possessed a power of amusing the Press's young men to a degree seldom attained by the ordinary mortal. His clog dancing on the city editor's desk, when that gentleman was upstairs fighting for two more columns of space, was always & source of innocent joy to us, and his imitations of thi comedians of the variety halls delighted even the dramatic critic, from whom the comedians themselves failed to force a smile. But Gallegher's chief characteristic was his love for that element of news generically classed as " crime." Not that he ever did anything criminal himself. On the contrary, his was rather the work of the criminal specialist, and his morbid interest in the doings of all queer characters, his knowledge of their methods, their present whereabouts, and their past deeds of transgression often rendered him a valuable ally to our police reporter, whose daily feuilletons were the only portion of the paper Gallegher deigned to read. In Gallegher the detective element was abnormally developed. He had shown this on several occasions, and to excellent purpose. Once the paper had sent him into a Home for Destitute Orphans which was believed to be grievously mismanaged, and Gallegher, while playing the part of a destitute orphan, kept his eyes open to what was going on around him so faithfally that the story he told of the treatment meted out to the real orphans was sufficient to rescue the unhappy little wretches from the individual who had them in charge, and to have the individual himself sent to Gallagher's knowledge of the aliases terms of imprisonment, and various doings of the leading criminals in Philadelphia was almost as thorough as that of the chief of police himself, and he could tell to an hour when " Dutchy Mack " was to be let out of prison, ind could identify at a glance "Dick Oxford, confidence man," as " Gentleman Dan, petty thief. There were, at this time, only two pieceB of news in any of the papers. The least important of the two waB the big fight between the Champion of the United States and the Would-be Champion, arranged to take place near Philadelphia; the second was the Burrbank murder, which was filling space in newspapers all over, the world, from New York to Bombay. Richard F. Burrabank was one of the roost prominent of New York's railroad lawyers; he was also, as a matter of course, an owner of much railroad stock, and a very wealthy man. He had been spoken of as a political possibility for many high offices, and, as the counsel for a great railroad, was known even further than the great railroad itself had Btretched its system. At six o'clock one morning he was found by bis butler lying at the foot of the hall stairs with two pistol wounds above his heart. He was quite dead. His safe, to which only he an I his secretary had the keys, was found open, and 200,000dol. in bonds, stocks, and money, which had been placed there only the night before, was found missing. The secretary was missing also. His name was Stephen S. Hade, and his name and his description had been telegraphed and cabled to all parts of the world There was enough circumstantial evidence to show, beyond any question or possibility of mistake, that he was the murderer. It made an enormous amount of talk, and unhappy individuals were being arrested all over the country, and sent on to New York for identification. Three had been arrested at Liverpool, and one man just as he landed at Sydney, Australia. But so far the murderer had escaped. We were all talking about it one night, as everybody else was all over the country, in the local room, and the city editor said it was worth a fortune to anyone who chanced to run against Hade and succeed in handing him over to the police. Some of us thought Hade had taken passage from one of the smaller seaports, and others were of the opinion that he had buried himself in some cheap lodging-house in New York, or in one of the smaller towns in New Jersey. " I shouldn't be surprised to meet him out walking, right here in Philadelphia," said one of the staff. " He'll be disguised of coarse, but you could also tell him by the absence of the trigger-finger on his right hand. It's missing, you know; shot off when he was a boy." " You want to look for a man dresssd like a tough," said the city editor; " for as this gentleman is to all appearances a gentleman, he will try to look as little like a gentleman as possible." "No, he won't," said Gallegher, with that calm impertinence that made him dear to us. " He'll dress just like a gentleman Toughs don't wear gloves, and you see he's got to wear 'em. The first thing he thought of after doing for Burrbank was of that gone finger, and how he was to hide it. He stuffed the finger of. that glove with cotton BO'S to make it look like a whole finger, and the first time he takes off that glove they've got him—see, and he knows it. So what you's want to do is to look for a man with gloves on. I've been a doing it for two weeks now, and I ean tell you it's hard work, for everybody wears gloves this kind of weather. But if you look long enough you'll find him. And when you think it's him, go up to him and hold out your hand in a friendly way, like a brunco-steerer, and shake his hand • and if you feel that his forefinger ain't real' flesh, but just wadded cotton, then grip it with your right and grab his throat with your left, and holler for help." There was an appreciative pause. " I see, gentlemen," said the city editor, dryly, " that Gallegher's reasoning has impressed you; and I also see that before the week is put all of my young men will be under bonds for assaulting innocent pedestrians whose only offence is that they wear gloves in midwinter." * * * * * It was about a week after this that De- ? tective Hefflefinger, of Inspector Byrnes's staff, came over to Philadelphia after a burglar, of whose whereabouts he had been misinformed by telegraph. He brought the warrant, requisition, and other necessary papers with him, but the burglar had flowb. One of our reporters had worked on a New York paper and knew Hefflefinger, and the detective came to the office to see if he could help him in hid so far unsuccessful search. He gave Gallegher his card, and after Gallegher had read it, and had discovered who the visitor was, he became so demoralised that he was absolutely useless. " One of Byrnes's men " was a much more awe-inspiring individual to Gallegher than a member of the Cabinet. He accordingly seized his hat anl overcoat, and leaving his duties to be looked after by others, hastened out after the object of hie admiration, who found his suggestions and knowledge of the city so valuable, and his company so entertaining, that they became very intimate, and spent the rest of the day together. In the meanwhile the managing editor had instructed his subordinates to inform Gallegher, when he condescended to return, that his services were no longer needed. Gallegher had played truant once too often. Unconscious of this, he remained with his new friend until late the same evening, and started the next afternoon towards the Press office. As I have said, Gallegher lived in the most distant part of the city, not many minutes' walk from the Kensington railroad station, where trains ran into the suburbs and on to New York. It was in front of this station that a smoothly shaven, well-dressed man brushed past Gallegher and hurried up the steps to the ticket office. He held a walking-stick in his right hand, and Gallegher, who now patiently scrutinised the hands of every one who wore gloves, saw that while three fingers of the man's hand were closed around the oane the fourth stood out in almost a straight line with his palm. Gallegher stopped with a gasp and with a trembling all over his little body, and his brain asked with a throb if it conld be But possibilities and probabilities were to be discovered later. Now was the time for action. He was after the man in a moment, hanging at his heels and his eyes moist with excitement. He heard the man ask for a ticket to Torresdale, a little station juBt outside of Philadelphia, and when he was out of bearing, but not out of sight, purchased one for the same place. The stranger went #into the smoking-car and seated himself at one end toward the door. Gallegher took his place at the opposite end. He was trembling all over and suffering from a slight feeling of nansea. He guessed it came from fright, not of any bodily harm that might come to him, but at the probability of failure in his adventure and of its momentous possibilities. The stranger pulled his coat collar up around his ears, hiding the lower portion of his face, but not concealing the resemblance in his troubled eyes end close-shut lips-to the liknesses of the murderer Hade. They reached Torresdale in half an hour,' and the stranger, alighting quickly, struck eff at a rapid pace down the country road leading to the station. Gallegher gave him a hundred yards' Btart and then followed Blowly after. The road ran between fields and past a few frame-houses set for from the road in kitchen gardens. . Once or twice the man looked back over his shoulder, but he saw only a dreary length of road with a small boy splashing through the slush in the midst of it and stopping every now and again to throw snowballs at belated sparrows. After a 10 minutes' walk the stranger turned into a side road which led to only one place the Eagle Inn, an old roadside hostelry known now as the headquarters for pot-hunters from tha Philadelphia game thG b^-ndofma g nya cock-fight. Gallegher knew the place well, his - He and jus young companions had often stopped S:irul ncutchestnntingonhouda y B - The son of the man who kept it had often accompanied them on their excursions and though the boys of the city eredhiln a dufflb m l u I l ! the? respected him somewhat for his inside knowledge of dog and cock fightj The stranger entered the inn at a side door, and Gallegher, reaching it i a few minutes, let him go for the time being and set about finding his occasional playmate, young Eeppler. Keppler's offspring was found in the woodshed. " Tain't hard to guesa what brings you out here," said the. tavern-keeper's son, with a grin; " it's the fight," . "What fight?" asked Gallegher, unguardedly. . "What fight? Why, the fight," retnrned his oompanion, with the slow contempt of superior knowledge. " It's to come off here to-night. You knew that as well as me j anyway, your eportiu' editor knows it. He got the tip last night, but that won't help you any. You needn't think there's any chance of your getting a peep at it. Why, tickets is 250 a piece!" . "Whew I" whistled Gallegher. "Where's it to be r . " In the barn," whispered K>ppler. helped 'em fix the ropes this morning, I did." " Gosh, but you're in luck," exclaimed Gallegher, with flittering envy. " Couldn't I jest get a peep at it ?" "Maybe," said the gratified Keppler. " There's a winder with a wooden shutter at the back of the b >rn. You can get in by it, if you have someone to boost you up to the sill." "Sa-a-y," drawled Gallegher, as if something had but jast that moment reminded him. " Who's that gent who came down the road just a bit ahead of me—him with the cape-coat I Has he got anything to do with the fight!" " Him 1" repeated Eeppler iu tones of Sincere diBgust. " No-oh, he ain't no sport. He's queer, Dad thinks. He come here one day last week about 10 in the morning, said his doctor told him to go out 'en the country for hie health. He's 8:uck up and citified, and wears gloves, and takes his meals private in his room, and all that sort of ruck. They was saying in the Baloon last night that they thought he was hiding from something, and Did, just to try him, asks him last night if he was coming to see the fight. He looked sort of scared, and said he didn't want to see no fight. And then Dad says, 'I guess you mean you don't want no fighters to see you.* Dad didn't mean no barm by it, just passed it as a joke; but Mr. CUrleton, as he calls himself, got white as a ghost an' says I'll go to the fight willing enough, and begins'to laugh and joke. And this morning he went right into the bar-room, where all the sports were setting, and said he Was going into town to see some friends, and as he starts on he laughs an' says, 'This don't look as if I was afraid of seeing people, does itV but Dad says it was. just bluff that made him do it, and Dad thinks that if he hadn't said what he did this Mr. Cadeton wouldn't have left his room at all." (7V be continued.) 