FOURTH PA GE.-The following additional reading matter will be found on the fourth page:— Mining News and Notes, Serious Allegations Publican. To day’s Events. -Sandhurst and Northern District Truateee Executors end Agency Com* 6 my, half yearly meeting (Neesoo), 3.80 p.m.; klf-yearly Meeting Sooth Devonshire Co. (M-‘0owan), 6 p.m.; Adjourned Annual Meeting Miners' Association, 7.30 p.m.; Typographical Society, 7 80 p m.i Eoglnedrlrers’ Association, 8 p.m ; Co operative Bakery, Hogan’s Hotel, 8 p.m. Our Supplement to-day contains a con« tinuation of the serial tale, “Leonard Lindsay”; “ At tba Pechlve,’’ by “ Mosquito Sporting Notes by '* Ooo-ec,” Wit and Humor, Ladies’ Column, etc. Religious Services trill be held to-iporrow at the various churches as advertised. Forfeited Shares in the following companies will be sold to day, as advertised«—Groat Extended Hustler’s. Eureka, York and Durham Golden Fyke, South Catherine, and New Hopeful Companies. The Lookup.— John Fitzgerald was arrested last evening by Constable MoMns for fighting in M'lvor street, and John Fuller by Constable Roseubrook for fighting in Pall Mall. Catherine Dowiey was arrested by Constable Yelland for being drunk and disorderly, and using indecent language. Literary and Debating Society. —The half* yearly social of the Forest street Literary and Debating Society, was held last evening at the Wesleyan School-room. A p-ogramme of songi, recitations, etc., was rendered by the Misses Holman. Cor. Manning and Plumbe, and Messrs. Broad, J. Miller, iyden apd Watts, and the Rev. W. Williams. Refreshments were pro* vided by the ladiea of the oociety/amf the evening was wound up with parlor games. The Recent Strike.— The Herald baa been favored with a private perusal of an elaborate report on the recent great strike, just prepared by the Committa>*ef Finance and Control It was to bays boon laid before the ordinary meeting of tbe Trades Hall Connell last night, but for some reason way not presented. The Herald says that tbe report ©obtain* tbe follow ing recommendations, —1. Renewed oyertxmey for tbe Federate n of the Labor Unions of Aon* tralia. I. Establishment of a Labor Pafenoe Fond in order to ensure the wherewithal to conduct any future proceedings, 3. Abolition of High entrance fees to anions. 4. The neces sity of anions fnslsting ppon the enrolment on the ratepayer*’ or manhood suffrage rolj of every member qualified to vote for Parliament, in handing over tbeir charge the fin*! remark will be eoe regarding tbe eeponsalof capital by. Conservative legislators ana institutions. The trades will be to'd they must gain ail back, and that although when they offered peace they suffered coercion, their opportunity would come, and thle opportunity, tbe ioopjmjttee say will be In the motto nsod soma time ago, , “ Close association, watchfulness and pre paredness.” The Pio Market.— This question was settled yesterday by tbe City Council for another 13 months, Macpbersoo, Sternberg, and Co.’s permit to •fl pigs at Charing Croee bdug renewed. Or. C’MSlll was tbe only OOHReillor who appke In opposition to it. City Polios CppRT.—Msssrt. J. R. Hoskins and J. Js.P., presided yesterday. Elizabeth Fenton was sbairgsd with, being drunk S Orderly at the rsllway stktloo and pyRg language. The evldeboe of Con iab!a , wfao arreted hwvsbowed Ira at Ybe woman went to gsatlod to so away b/ e tram, and when (or her ticket refused to five it, ond »n«o>‘ nac ct dij.guiiiioy cugo-.j V>r drunki-unest "ho was lin'd .'>« or 21 li<>ura> ;u, _•j.vol, Th" fine* v 1 ro l'n.l. 'no- ’.ui’OJC ’.ves di- hnrgo I on • t>c Mirn'ioi i".n oi >'■ A. C .L|ofjoai), au«l tht 1 on ; oil i-',,: n< ■' Painful Acoidert. —Whilst » n>i«n m»m and William White, aged 64 year*, was riding on a threshing machine engine yesterday morning He slipped and fell, hU right leg getting between the wheel and the side oI the engine. The leg.wee badly crashed and bruised, lie was afterwards treated at the hospital. St. PaUI/b Ciiunon—Tho annual meeting of p*ri«hion«n wm held In tho icliool*room ou Wednesday evening for tho purpose of hoar ug the annual statement of accoupU, oKoting church-wardens, vestrymen, parochial aomiim tors and auditora for 1801. The Venerable Archdeacon MacCullagh presided. 1 he irra surer, Mr. Powell, read the report and balancs sheet lor 1890. It showed the receipts lor the yearto have been L 1379 13s 2d and espouses, L 1282 ISs Id, leaving a credit balance of L 9/ Os Id During the year the debt on the church was reduced by L 443 I Is 4 now owing is L 2065. The Archdeacon nomi nated Mr. A. Push as his church warden, and Messrs. Uarwardiue and Budda were elect od ohurch-wardocs by the congregation. Iho Archdxacun then noniinulcd Mtssrs, Pmsry, Paul and Powoll as his vestrymen, and Messrs. Durham, Grattan, J. B. Hoskins, Harwood, U. Jackson, Ikln, Robshaw, A Roberts, jam, and H Williamson, wore elected vestrymen by the congregation. Messrs. W. (). Blaoklum and J. 1> CrofU woio elected auditor*. Viifci ol thanks wore passed to the retiring officers. Messrs. Bush, Paul and PoweH were appointed nominator, for 1801. A epechl vote of thank, was passed to tho organist, Mr. A. M. Psrklo, and tho choir, for extra services during the year j alto to Mr. Blsckharti, auditor. Before the meeting closed a letter was read from tho Archdeacon, stating that he bad obtained 13 months’ lexve of absence, and that he had made all arrangement with the Kev. W. Hancock, 8.A., now ol Christ Chuch, of ot. Kilds, to tske his place during his abs.uce. i'ho meeting expressed themselves as sorry to pxrt for 12 months, but th-j know that a l.ng rest was really necessary. They '■♦ ere alto highly pleased with the arrangement! made by tho Archdeacon. Se/.ral grutlcmtn spoke v-ry highly of Mr. Hancock. Toe Rev. J. M J. Kvaos takes over all the country districts, and expects hi* h.-ulth to be better with that work, extending over tho A’-ohdi-aconery. 'I he Rev. Mr. Hancock commences his duties on the l» k - March, nnd the Archdeacon sails for England towards the end of Match. Tiik Sleeting Guard Dismissed —An in quiry Into the circumstances connected with tho accident which occurred on tho railway early on Fridsy morning last, when a poition of .goods train which was on Its way to {Sandhurst broke awoy and ran back to .Spencer street, has been concluded. Guard Dagg»n,who was asleep in the van attached (o tho vehicles which broke away, was called upon for so explanation of his conduct, and stated that he noted eff after pining Syd»nh»m, on the way t > S*nd» hurst, owing to overwotk after doing hie day’s shift. The reports received by the commis sioners show that Duggan had done eight hours’ work, viz., from 8 p.m. to II p.m. on Xhursdsy, and that be had one hour and a half to rest before proceeding with the goode train on Friday morning, end that he had not worked overtime tor severed days previous to that on which tke aeoidont oocurred. As already explained, the accident was cauxed through one of the chain couplings breaking owing to a defective link, and had the guard been awake and attending to his duty be could have put on the brake and brought tho bolting vehicles to a standstill before they bad gone very far. If thU bad been done no one would have been to blame, but ae the commissioners (says the Argos) state that ae Duggan clearly neglected his duty, and in a very serious manner, they have dismissed him from the service. Mixing Accident. —A man named Benjamin Charles, residing in Violet street, a tributor on the old backs in the North Johoton’a mine, met with an accident yesterday. A piece of sand •tone fell on him, and inflicted a nasty scalp wound, with slight concussion of the braia. State School Vacancies.— I The following vacancies for head teachers and assistants are announced by the Education department: Head teachers in the fourth close for schools Nos, 664, Wallan Wallao, and 974, Carsiulap; and in the fifth close for Nos. 83, Ferrity Creek, and 1,972, Millbrook ; first female ssia tant in the second class for No. 1,402, North Melbourne, and in the fifth else* for Nos. 486, Ponshurst; 2,3. r )8, Lower Homebuah ; female junior assistants for Noe. 1,251, Maldm ; 1,743, VVurrnambool; 1,408, Malmsbury : nnd 1,604, Malvern; male junior assistant for No. 1,360, i Clifton Hill ; and female relieving teacher for No. 1,886, Collinpwood. Samples of the Koch Lymph.— Dr. V, Laatercr, of Brisbane, who has a sister in Bar* lin, an intimate friend of the archbishop there, has had forward'd to him by her, and has re ceived six small tubes of Dr. Koch's lymph. This U the first of ths lymph received in Aus trails, and Dr. Lauterer proposes to experiment with it upon some of his patients who are in an early stage of the disease. The Rochester Kxprers vaguely says that a “ grave charge” has been made against a State school teacher in that district. Publican and Hotel-broker.— At the Stndhnrst Licensing Court yesterday, when the application of Thomas McVicker, Mel bourne, for the transfer to him of tho license of Iho Sydenham Girdcna Ho'ol was called on, Mr. 6. Hyett asked for the withdrawal of it, as the applicant had refused to proceed farther ia the matter. Mr. Kitby then staUd that he appeared for Mr. M'Vicker, who positively r»fused to takeover the licence, and moreover intended to take proceedings against Mr. C. Bennett, the hotel broker, of Melbourne, who was iust um'ntul in getting him to make the application in the first place. Mr. M'Vicker, ho said, had poid m.ney to Mr. Bennett for the purchase of the hste', after which h"; emu to Sandhurst, when ho loaud that be would hav to enter into further negotiations, as the present licensee was intolivnt, This he had rot anticipated, so thit he now refused to tiko over tiie license, and intended to sue Mr. Bennett at the next County ( curt to recover LUO which ho bad deposited with him, aid Ll5O as damages for bresch of agreement. Ths application for transfer being about to bo struck oti the records of the court, Mr. Hyett said, “ We offer you the license now, so if you won’s t'ko it you will bo responsible.” Mr. Hyutt’s offer was refused, and the application was withdrawn. Mr. Highett afterwards stated that Mr. Bennett intended to sue Mr. M'Vicker for L5OO ae a counter olalm for breach of contract. Pharmacy.—The name of Mr. K. B. Rees, of Eaglehawk, should have appeared amongst the list of registered chemists and dentists which was published a few days ago. Publications. The “ Australian ” is a monthly which has been established in Sydney in the federation interest. It is, as tho imprint declares, to bo devoted solely to tho nationil interests and aspirations of Australians. “Iks Year Book of Victoria” for 1891 has been issued—in two editions, one at a shilling and the other at sixpence. It ie replete with general information cono?rnlng the colony, its public institutions, statistics of progress, etc. Destructive Fire at the Campaste. —On Thursday morning, about 2 o’clock (writes our Goornong most destructive fire broke out at the pUoe oi a farmer named Michael Dunne. It appears that Mr. Dunne went to the stable adjoining his dwelling, aboal 9 o’clock at night, to feed bis horses. Every thing then appeared to be right. He went to bod, bit at about 2 a.m. was aroused by the Samos, and to his great consternation saw the ■tame oh fire, fi Utile way off lay 300 bags of grain, am) the w)rid blowing in that direction soon brought the sparks or to thy grain, which was covered-with straw, lo a few minutes both the stable and tho 300 bags of grain were consumed. It is alto stated that a double-seated buggy was burned. Much sympathy is felt fo* Mr. Dunne, who has a large family of young children to keep- He wss not insured (or a penoy. The oausa of tho fire is unknown, unless it was through something patching fi.-c while he was in the stable with the candle. Kavwood. —Our local correspondent wtl cs Before I'.-living Yarraborb Mr. Wilson, with his us'iol kindness, has decided to give a monster picnic <>d his estate to all tho children of the district (fully 300 i» numbor.) Tuesday 10:h Feb. is tho day fixed on for the event. A* his request the mayor convened a meeting of the principal residents on Tuesday eveniog last, and committees Were formed to carry out all arraugetoeotp for sports, etc. The little folks, as won as tho residents of thfs place, will greatly miss Mr. Wilson, who on a|i occasions baa been most generous Jo giving towards charitable oiv ieots, besides befog (he “ king of sport” in our little town. I believe the residents do not in tend letting Mr. Wilson leave here without showing him the high esteem iu which he is held by ail harvest Is about finished hero. I am sorry to say the yields are not Deadly so good as were expected,, more cspeclaUy fa the props left for stripping These crops owiug to heavy wind and rain did not over ten bushels' to the acre. The district average, ) think, will net Jbe oyer 1? bushels of wheat and sboo£ 2 + of oats.—Groat regret was expressed here en receipt of the news of ths death of Miss Johanna Mylon, eldest daughter of Ur, Patrick Mylon, one of our oldest residents. The young lady was em» p’oyed at Banbury as an attendant at tho asylum, and was in the best of health until Wednesday Rat, wbanphe had a tevjre attack of inflammation, which ended in hot death in a few hours. In fact it was so sudden that the sorrow- strioksn mother and father, had not time to teayh her bsdside before her death. The body arrived h«r« yesterday by the mid day train, and the funsrai ta£e* places to-day (Saturday) a( the E iglohawk cqjetery. The Weather —ftesnfts of msteorolegioel observations taken at Mr. W, M/ Wfiddeil'si Pall Mall, yesterday Tkennomeisr, I'a.m., 14 •{ 12 noon* 88° >8 p q>.,Bfi° t 6 p-tt».,B6° ( ibs,. 87° | min.. 68* | barometer, 9 a.n., 29.4681 6 p-inrW-WO. , / • S*. Patrice's. Brows.—The esM H^H>oom * mittee met at (he Palace la«t night, Mr, fUsby in the ohair. Correspondence was re« leWed frona the p)ty Council, granting Uw ana df the bbow Orguads. 4 sfib-oommiltea was Appointed to wtflt on ths bank as to oloy^p| loxi:- '. L»trtokV Day. It wisdecidei to write f soll.-ltlug ftitT bf thi tb* H.A.C.8.8. Vari 'iuc »tib■cuaivnlU'.'a " went appoints), sod I tho mooting cloio). Dr; M'Koorf KigMiawk wat. ud.li j to th*' commit‘-e ond appointed i judge for font r*u inf;- r «. •' Onuntu.own* Excursion.—A meeting of t6o Oddfellows’ excursion commltteoo wm bold on Thursday night at the Beehive. All the dele gate* wore present and Mr. M. M’Cann In this chair. Correspondence was read from (he Railway Department, Bay Company and the Ilcathcote Lodge. It was decided to ask the department to run' one train via Hiatheote, as largo support has been offered by the Heath cute residents If the committee will cot the train. Ths aeoratary stated that he had made complete arrangements for the comfort of excursionists, The train via Kyneton will etop at Goldon-tqnaro. and Kangaroo Flat. The ticket committee reported that as the tickets are selling freely, thoee who have not got them should secure them at oooe. Peculiar Cask and Peculiar Decision.— A rather uncommon case of forgery wu In vestigated at the Moe polio court (OtppUand) on Thursday, beforo Mr. E C. Bell, P.M., and ilr. A. Marshal), J.P. The deolsion of the magistrates surprised those In court, who wore of opinion that a s’rong prims facie cast) had boon made out against the aoouaed. The facts arc ns follow i—A young respectable married mm named Thomas Carter,a resident of Thorp dale, was presented wi five orals months after his marriage. This inauspicious event was adzed upon as the means by which his reputation, and that of his wife, oould bo injured, and with this objsot in view, a man named William Leslie, who had a grudge Against Carter, amt an announcement to the Harraean Shire Advocate announcing the birth of the child, with the addendum, “ Traralgon papers please copy,” as Cart ;r and his wife were woM known in Traralgon. In due course the proprietors of the piper sent an account to Carter for the price of the advertise moot. This rather astonished Carter, who repudiated all knowledge of the matter, and demanded who had taken snob an un warrantable liberty a-. to forge Lit name to the request to Insert the birin of hit child. The note was then produced purporting to be written by him. tie at ones recognised the writing to ba that of Les'ie. A orimlusl s unmoos was issued by Mr- Gray, eolioitor for Carter, and the evidence of a witness named Jmnm, a baker, was to the efleot that one morning after the advertisement apptared in the paper, Leslie, la speak logof Career, said, “ Have yon seen the paper 7 Have not I eboan him up?" Jenoer sola, ‘‘Did yon pat that in the paper ?” Leslie replied, ‘*Yes, and 1 will do more yet." The bench, In giving their de cision, said there was s doubt as to ths identity of tho hand-writing, and the prisoner would be discharged; bat the P.M. adopted the rather inconsistent course of expressing in strong terms hi* disapprobation of the accused's con duct, Mr. Gray, who conduced the prosecu tion, announc'd hit intsntlon of having the depositions taken, and the case forward s to the Crown Law authorities. Mr. Bell, the South Oippsland P.M., waa a few years ago clerk of uonrhs and deputy-coroner at Sand hurst. A rm» LOOKING yenng woman named Amy Rochmer committed euioido yesterday by drowning bfcrself in Lake Wendonree, Ballarat. The deceased wae about 122 years of age, and arrivjd in the colony a few weeks ago oy the Austral. It is not known why she destroyed herself, bat she was suffering lately from severe headaches, S'andhobst LiornBl.no Cos out. —The ad journed annual sitting was held yesterday, before Judge Hamilton and Meters Green and Patterson, P.M’t. Mr. Kirby, oo behalf of James Fawns, applied for a license of tho Limerick Castle Hotel, in his capacity of owner. He stated that just prior to the annual sitting of the court on the 16th December last, his client hid secured what he considered a suitable tenant, bnt at the last moment a report of a damaging character against her was prepared by the police. This caused him to withdraw the application that the license be granted to her. Another tenant had been secured in readiness for the present sitting, but ho bad tiuoo refuted to take up tho license. Thai Mr. Fawns was placed in a peculiar pool*ion. He was of the hotel property, which had, through a aeries o* unfortunate circumstances, now been closed fur several months, Mr. Kirby then sug geated that Mr. Fawns should be made the nominal licensee, the premises to bo closed until a suitable tenant be found. The bench agreed with this coarse upon the applicant promising to comply with the conditions named. The fol lowing transfers of licenses wore granted : Nancy Williams, Farriers’ Arms Hotel, While Hills, to Robert Doddroll; J. Malone, Lake Weeroona Hotel, Bridge street, to Ann Ronan; Winifred Cousena, Farmers' Arms Hotel, Kan garoo Flat, to Patrick Mcighan; M. T. Rael, Lyceum Hotel, Fall, Malt, to Wit. Loogslaff; £l. Hunter, Union Hotel, Golden Square, bo Sarah B*wry. Renewals of licenses which had bo-n deferred from the December sitting were granted as follows:—W, A. Parker, Crusoe Inn, Crusoe, and B Johnson, Criterion Hotel (late “ Shoot -cm-Fl) log’s ”), Woods took. Two ap plications for transfers work withdrawn—for tic Cheshire Arms Hotel, M'lvor street, and the Sydeoham Gardens Hotel. The court thou adj'urned. A Meeting of Railway Traffic employers will bo held io the lower room la the Maeooio Hall to-morrow (Sunday) at eleven o’clock for tho purpose of forming a branch of the Victorian Railway Traffic Employes’ Uoi n. Mr. W. H. Mitchell, the secretary, and Mr. Brophy. the asiistant secretary, will be p-eeeob The objects of the onion are to bettor the position of its members with regard to obtaining eight hoars as the working term, more holidays and higher classification. Sandhurst Cemetery.—The trustees yester day decided to complete the channelling iu the Presbyterian ground at once, and have the walks in the Roman Cuhe'lc and Wesleyan portions Asphalted at a cost of about L6O. A three year old girl natmd Cara Norris was bitten by a death add-r (snake) at Coilaroy (N.S.W.) on Thursday, and died 20 minutes afterwards. Tho adder on b<-iog killed was found to conuin 17 yinog ones. . The wodcortor Thomas Howe, who was so badly crushed by the wheel of a loaded dray at the railway station on Tuesday last, is progr ssing remarkably well fo the hospieil. Last night bo was able to obtain a little sleep. Cavalry. - There are still sir or eight vacancies in the oavalry. Persons desirous of inning should apply promptly at the Orderly Room, View street. The City Drum and Fipi Band, after a long and Ist os Inpe invigorating rest, will resume practice os Tuesday night next at the Exchange Hotel; Mr. E. Oonleo, confectioner, of Hargreaves street announces shat to has reduced the price of fresh bans ani scones to Sd per derm. Mr. A. M. Pool; who has been for a long time co icected with the Wholesale Clothing Com pany, in the capacity of cutter, i< about ti fill a snail tr politico at the estab'ishmenk of tho Lon don and American Tailoring Company, in Mitch ell-street. Mr. Fool’s widsly known ability should secure to th) firm a liberal pvtroiag*. On Pat irday next Messr*. Hobson and Cos., under in*tiu:t ons from Mr C. Bsmetts, broker, < f Melbmrnrj who has decided ti relinquish th) whole of k s interest outside of Melbourne, will hold a mobster e’earing sale of frso'ro'd prjprrlio* and hetelr, situated in virions parts of the co’oiy. Further particulars ar i adverbs id. At the C mgregation il Ohnrch to-mrrow Mr. George Terry* formerly a strident of one of th) Congregational Colleges in England, wilt pretch In th) morning on “ Poverty and Why and in th)' evening on ” Immortality,” Mr. It ibsaaw, stationer, Mitchell street, notifies that hehasreteivid thon)w division sf the Family Reader. Mr. and Mrs. Oliphint will be in attendance at the High School on Monday, 2nd February, to sQ a parents and enrol new pupils. The schoolboy*’ competition and distribution cf prize) will take place in the Bap Ibnrst Gymnasium on Mond ty eveoimr, M sirs. H. M. Mirks and Cos, annmnv) in our auction columns th r sale at the r room) t n Moa day, at 11 o’clock, of a large asro -tment of house hold furnit ’re mj eff« la, the surplus furn'turj of Mr. T. Cyabbe, who is lowing the city. On WeinoAday rs :t, at 3 o’clock, Me'sr*. Hob-on and C). will sell on th) p* mtsfs, L>< n •trot, a comfortable w. b ho.se, together with the whole , f the furniture. Oa 4th Febraary two cottages io Bayne street, also household furniture on two allot ment-oflsnd io the estate of tbs late Mrs. Catherine Bonrko, will bs sold by auction by Me- en. Grattan and Sump. Messrs. O’Neill and Cos. will »ell on Friday, February IBtb, at 1 o’clock, 216 acres of prime agricultural land near Sbslbonrne, belonging to Mr. W. Messrs! R. O’Neill and Cos. will tell to-day, at 3 o’clock, at the Victoria Hotel, Pall Mall, theoottage and land at Miller street, Back Creek, under instructions from Mr. E. A, Banks, The Convent High School re-opens on Mon day next. Messrs. R, O’Neill and 00. will sell on Saturday, February 7th, 281 acres of land at Bagshot, under Instroo'.ions from Mr. John Corbett. Messrs. H. M. Marks and Cos. will sell at an early date the fnrnlinre, etc., of Mr. J, Chap man, stationmaoW. Messrs R. O’N’dll and Cos. will sail oo Fri day next at Pyramid Bill, land pt Rayantm, the property of the late Mr. Jehn Dnonlag£)o Messrs. O’Neill and Cos. will sell on Friday tho live stook, implements, hoaee, farnUare and ■ fleets at Mologa, under ioetrnotions from Mr. William Emmett. , ; Mrs. Adams* Preparatory Grammar School at Macedon Sense, Short street, reaomee da tits on Monday, February Vbd.. Tho Holy Ghost College at Ballarat resumes tuition en the 10th February. Mosjr*. O’Neill and Cos; will sell at SheL bonrne, 1? infles from under ins tree i froth Mr. H. M^Cartln, lie lin .machinery, etc. ' Mesiip. and 00. will fall on Saturday next, 26 acres of land at Haywood, under In* strnollons from Mr. Dnnieavy. 