The Naturalist. Always in Fine Feather. If tho old adage that 'fine feathers make fine birds ' be true, then indeed tho ostrioh must possorfB a mono poly of value, since it is doubly advantaged on wearing magnificont plumage itsslf, and furnishing it for the docoration of the whole .world. J ust now thero ib a boom in ostrich feathers. All tho sir knights havo bcou bidden to repiaco th ir ttuo white plumos with black ones, - and tho nodding plume , of a Kuight Templar is always a grand feather. Thero will bo loss display iu the blaok ones, but tboy will bo handsomo and will not show »UU UULU uougu ..o ouuu 11a the (former ones did. : Tho shortest, most concise,' most oloquont and completost history of the ostrioh is to bo found in tho book of Job, and it purports- to bo a direct statement of Doity. A looil older who had. never seou an : ostrioh took his family and went to Barnum'a oirous when it, was in Detroit recpntly on purpose to bps tho ostrich whioh travels with tho mfr-.agorio. Tho good mau did not have much id. a of how an. ostrich looked, und he inspaotod every oago in the tent with a zeal and caution that left nothing to the imagination. Having mistaken the pelican and tho cas o wary for tho bird he whs in search of, he finally brought lip before the ostrioh, and producing a oopy of -he-Gl- ood Book, he began to vorify the description in Job, his fam ly looking ou open-mouthed, and the ostrioh trying to thrust its neck through tho roof of the cage. 'Hore he is -that's the very simo hiid, children,' ha said, wi'bi a smack of satisfac tion. ' 'Why, how old is it ? Djostriges livo as: lo ig' as that ?' asked his small son. . 'It is ono of tho same species,' said. tho elder, about whom a crowd was gathered, ' here. he is, chapter 39,' and ho road aloud to the edification of his family and the amuse ment of the crowd. However, he proved to everybody's satisfaction that tho ostrioh of Job and the ostrioh of Barnum belonged to the same family. Wnen the oirous was here the birds were al lowed their freedom in the tent after the ex hibition olosed, whou they ran ibout for exer [ eise. The ostrich amused, itself by foil lwing unconscious visitors who uad ome on busi ness, aud rapping theiri un tin haa l, ur mik ing sudden and felonious assaults on them : from the rear. They are grotesquely, solemn birds, as:d take uriaocou .table aud pecul ar dislikes to oertain people. A novelist has made this trait accessory to a neat plot in a popular work — 1 The Story of an African Fa in.' A travelling impostor who has suc ceeded a gentle aud lovable old German as overseer, endeavors, at the rid man's death, to find the little hiard of saving he is sup. posed to havj left. He sejretoshimijlf iu t us late overseer's room, and' after a lon^ hunt finds a wedding ring which he 1 lys on tho table for his own use, whila ha proceeds further in the search. At that m uneut three distinct raps are given him ou the top of bis bsld crown. He is then pulled severely by the friuge of hair whioh adorns tho back of his head, and he flies from tho pl-.co in terror . When he returns with reinfo cerr.en'a the ring is' gone. Itisattribub dt/t'ie ghost of; the overseer, but is really the work if a o'ev. r girl who let out an ostrhh th it djtestel the new man; and reached hi-n over tha half door. of. the oabin. But to return tj our ostrich anditssupeib feath r--, which are at. preseiut the pets of fas'iion, ami will b i wor 1 during, the coming season in suoh profusiou as was novor before dreamed of; It is only a few years that ost ioh feathers have been cheap enough . for the masses to buy. Tcey wero choice, like ermine and table and similar uxuries. A gentleman wishing to mike hi s wife a present of a' veiy handsome feather, such a one as she had long desired; v siced a number of milliner's atires, biit could not find one that was what he wanted. At last, in quite a small place h ; saw tho very feather .'1. ™, „ „.j .. .. ? 11. _ 1,0 '»?- 'OS' -'- S'S' '1 W1U Bs'.ablishraent, being lib.-led ' premium father.' It had taken a priza at an expo sition. was twenty four inches long, black and glossy, with narrow, tapering stem. The girl in charge t -ld him the feather was not for sale. He insisted on buying it : 'Why, sir, I heard Misi ? say that she wouldn't sell tbat feather for less than §20,' said'the salesgirl. ; _ 'I will give that for it,' atSSwc red the cus tomer quickly .: The girl went and told ber employer, and , returning took it out of the case, with a sigh. 'Your wifa ought to be a vory happy woman,' she remarked as sho did it up with roluotant fingers. Tlio feather was one of the finest in the market, twenty four inohea baing the greatest lengili known to commerce. Ii was black, glossy, with a graceful natural ourve, and it was one complete feather, instead of taw- or three deftly stitched together. It is said milliners themselves prefer to use tips as they can compose a hat more effectively with a clnster of ostrioh tips which show off the skill used by. the trimmer. It is not oasy howovpr, for untrained fingers to bend tho long osttloh feather in dressy lines and corves on a stiff, uncompromising liat. ' Tips' come uBually in clusters of three. Tnese had their origin in being mounted in that way for the Prince of Wales' feathers, to which the distiuotivo name of plume is given. Ever since the custom was established by. Henry, eldest son of James I., the British ostrioh farm has b2en levied on for the royal aigrette./ It is said that tho pomp and spectacle of war demands an extraordinary number of ostrioh plumeB and that tho toldiers of all armiss wear feathers like c. ivoman. The Highland regiments wear a gruit many blaok ostrioh feathers.' Tho fineral fea'hers are not popular in tiis cointry, but the hearse's nodding plumes renain iu favour abroad. In the last few ;eara the culti vation of the California ostuch fares having made feathers comparativrly cheap broad brimmed Leghorn bats loided with white ostrich' plutries aro worn by little child ren and young ladie?. Tieie. is a deoided tendency to esohew the briliant dyed feathers of all colours, and adopt oily tho stylish and elegant blaok or white plunes, or the na ural drab feathers of the birrV The colour of capture is, however, ver; difficult to obtain, as the feathers are apt t- be stained or dis coloured, and are notconidered Baleablo un til they havo gone to thr bleacher. ' There is a foreignerin Detroit who dyes and curls feathers and (lakes them look like new. He was many jsars in mastering tho art, which requires ski), labour, atmosphere, and trained hands tomako it a profitable one. He can tell theiifferonce botween an ostrioh feather and a wlimer feather with his ej es shut by the senseof touch. He can look at a feather and tell whether it oamo from Arabia, where the finlt in the world are found or from the Cape of xood Hope, from a Boer ost'ioh farm, or frrn the new industry of California. Ho caials t till by tho feather from what part of le bird's anatomy it was plucked, aud whikor it was from a dead bird, or a live one. The feathers of the dead birds are praotUUy worthies*. Those which ere pluck6 from the live, quivering bird retain tieir and lustro always. It is against the lav n iw to pluck t ut the fentbprs. Tuoyro out off close to tho body and tho bird doe not suffer any pain. The egg of arostrioh weighs three pounds; The bird itselh six and often eight foot in height, and wefhs as much as three hundred pounds, and ioan knock a man down and kill him with mo blow of its mighty foot. Again Job: 'What time she lif.oth up herself on hib, she seornoth the horse and its difficulty/ , It is whaProf. Huxley was ploasod to call tho ' gumentary appendage' that givos. the td of history its . world-wide commercialaluo, and fills the bonded ware house witla commodity that is .worth its weight in jli.—yhuci-icau Paper. 