TWO USES .FOR A. GANE, ' A well dressed man, says tbo Now York Sun,'who sat in a forward row at tho Star Thoatre, lifted tho boad of a 'handsome silver headed walking sticktohis right car tbo mo: •meat the; curtain .rosAtuid icptf it thore- aU through the play." A tiny puO'ed -Bilvertubo projectedfrom.tho handle and-Uttod easily in th6 orifice •of liis bat- * " t -"What '-tie jdtPtf^ng tb do Vilb thbt :stick.f! asked a; man- hchind Inm who.-had -watchcd-him with constant- increasing cunosity. thc ninn tnnied tliejiomt ofthe.handle towards, tlie" queEtibner^idtb'c question was repeated. "Ob,"beanswered, "this isa new stvlo of ear trumpet. It is made for people who are hard of bearing and don't want to- carry . around'an ear trumpetwith them everywhere they go. Thb handle, as you see, is hollow and carries .the sound just like a regular car trumpet, and it isn'ta bit clumsy. When I through usilig it as an car trumpet I press the little car tube back against tho handle and then 1 have^> walking stick tbatnobody would 'ever dream was an ear trumpet. • What Is the best way for a man who is a bad .rider to show himself, doubtedly the best way ia to get on a spirited bcrsc.. ,"- " "•'.-." : No DOUBT OF IT.—' And, pray, why didn't yon put new buttona on my sbirtel' aaked- Oatmeal of his.--washerwoman. Shuro, air, because it's meselE was •"hinkin 1 . yo'd be afther necdm' new shirts tn.the buttons.' VAP.E you going to Qaeenscliffo this asm. , mer ? '-asked one young woman of .another 'No,' waB the reply. 'I don't tbink it :.would be of any use. Suaie and-Bessie both got married last season,'and I aon't suppose, that pa could support another huaband.' - * v KKOWIEDGE IS POWEE.—' Uncle Raatua are you afraid of ghosts ?'. 'Yessir. I doan' like • ghoBBeB.' ' Well, I merely wanted to warn you that my chiken house was haunted.* " Haunted ? : No, Bah, 'taint. I dons bBBudar'fore dis, honey,' .- Nor* TO BE WONDERED AT:—Mabel— 'How pale the moon.-iB!' Josephns— ' YcBj lt has been out until quite late for several niglits.' DEALING IS FUTOEES.r—Brown— 1 You S^i^l 8 1 . ? ea , tle '^' r b V b He -knows his A, B, C. . Fogg-'Ho may know them, bat all the letters he has use for of Into yeans ore I, O, U-' 