;;VC;';;Vrv.taoven5tt \- ? ? ' [kow fiksx published.] The Verdict las-? /I STORY OF NORTH QUEENSLAND ;iJi!/^(ii'ol-^^.Mackeitzie, AiUlior of 'The Splatter's Daughter.'1 ?,-?? ' OIIARTiiUtis^ViH^CCoNTiNUED.) ' Asthb'orpw'illo's \vo aro about a mile from Rnppoo; but by tho road about half ,'ft.niilo jn(iro.,v liow tho horao and rider ; . camp; to tho. crook behind hb ia a mystery, for hydayliiiht tho truck's hard onnurrh to follow. In any case, there tho matter ? . . Ktau'ds ;vthoy got ri-;lit thoro.' ?; : Tito' aeifgoant Bt'ooddoop in thought for a few minutes, revolving in his mind ?rhia 'extraordinary .oii-eumstanco which liko/.miitiy othor. iiiatlors of a liko ohnrhaierpuKslbd 'h'liii. considerably. ' fV':')\rbHJ;-wd'4:('Uotter1rotrnoo'oiir stops, TiPR^H'iS}$~lnnl;e ii minute exnmina vti6iV*ot'tlio:.trnck we've just loft.' ? ' ?;'J'lip;tr(-op6ra.ohco nVd'ro) turned in tho direction from wluneo they camo, picking ? their. way,; carefully ovor tho treaoherous : jjround. which ' from long nogloct of , Xvivluo ; Had bocomo thickly overgrown withja perfect bower of prickly oreopora and other noxioiiR pbmts. ;: Tho'st;n*ean.t had li»dj riiu'cli experience in cases of a mysterious 'nature, requiring all tho aeumon of a wind trained to tho ?fbusineBs, yot hero was uno which alto . ,;. jjotlior soompd, without tho natural data to ^b;upo'ni'', ._,,*-?;-?::.'-?.';:!';.;.?. ; /'. ; 'VI cnnnpt'-'dispol ihV^idoa from my 'iiiihd, Tulloph^thftl Lif diiiniio 'was carried t'othat trdo'^yhero: tho' Oliiiiainon found ? -hinvj.foritf^Voins'Vttj iii'i almoBt a moral . : inipoRsibilityTthatiJJiis liorBo; could have brouftHVhim'VtOKthb'^placa whoro wo aro f*'*vy'^^i'!-i'litf^i^^''T!?y. presume, you ''^'Biye^no^fte^pnb'o.^^tlie'.'ae'oi^lent theory, . ' ' 'thin.Kuijit'iyossib'ly; it'niay have been a case '.-?of suiuide;'^^.''^;1 ':„-??? ,':. .; , ? i ?;????»? v; ff Hav6 likoly^onpof-irnurderi' rojoindd Pophftn-j; irogAnUnft.l'f u]lpoli?with a look ' of^dotorniinatioli^inUvjs^feco.' , , »'j,' Thoiuwliat. .lias ^Ijii^omb^of the horao T : SurQly^'oonie^si^ris^ 'vpiild jmvo shown \- ?iali6W6til]r«i^iib- tif«Sol*'t:Iii§5 A- horae ib a )uprofinob;nveiiient. article to diapoao of . than'a rnan;''^ ?.'???-ii:'-::'}x ? '? 1 (.'.Yes, 'that's true eixjugh, moro oapocl _ allyjivjivpUjLirjud^'qijad, like lierodo. That , kii)^ of jJ)i-rsp' ;-y.pnld?J)o noticed anywhora iiijliqcoioiiy and; suspicion would natu . ?, rjilly.i'est .Vyitji ,-tho ]-rosont owner. No ; I. must ^confcBs'that if it hna boon a caao iVf'fourplay .thoporpiitrator has mado a vory- complete !job' (if it. Tho idea of -inaking-iLU6ok''liko anacoiilent has boon vt:ry3ticcosaful.' Thoro has boen no attonjpfc ,to conceal anything and from ?what'you'y'6 iold nio llio position of tho i bodyJobkod abjif tho head had como in .YiplenJv.contaot with tho troo. In that ?'??..iiotBi):r^-:'-;::;;' ? ? .?? ' ? Tuliooli' nodded assonl, though ho \va3 ; ? very- carpfulnjit 'to launch out into adia cvissitin ip which ho know that his follow \- ' oUieeiV from l.ho way he hisd of putting quutstionB, might make him contradict hinisolf. '^'Ti'lloch was young in years compared .tp.PoVliain, and with tho natural im ' ' petuosity of youth too ready to form .-?/fjfli hasty conolusiona. ;?'?' ' Latterly, liowevor, nnrler cuch an ox poriancoii hand aa Popham ho was Ioavn .ilig; to keep a careful guard on his tongue wlijch above all things was moat necessary ill f,ho career ho had ohnson. ?! ; ? tThuy hnd arrived at tlie oumiuit of the f: ' ' duolino which led ateoply to tho bank of ?'.,.. tho, creek,. delaying for a tirao to mako a '. oaroful aurviiy of the place. ti'«4-.;-.:''No imprints of hoof h would ohow on ^'?f^.ttiisground,'1 remarked 1'opham, looking :;;;-_.^''doynftt.t|ie-.intor\voven niaas of under ^ ^growth; ?; ? ;,,cj; ,!,w,ii »j( ]f thoro'n boon.n struggle of any kind '-??! Jiliore; would bo no chance of aeoing whore -i t ,ifc occurred; The' honio may or may ~?.ii 'jtdfcliiwo como na'far aa tliia. What do . ..-. yuu thipk?' j '...,., Tullooh thought beforo speaking then ' ! ?'offered (iiuggeuiion, .' ?'',' Thu hbrso nip.y hnvo taken fright, ' , trod in a hole or aoinofhing olon, pitched ? ? ]- his ridor whore the Ohinanion found him and, unable to stop liiiimelf, floundered A into the stream and huun noizod by alli ; gators.' '' ' Good enough for a throe volumo '?,- novel,' rqiliud Pnpham,' laughingly. ' ?-'*' Just 'measure tho truck whoro wo aro ?'?' now, f-irwo inusit be ready to annwor all ? (juiistioiia nt t)io imjui'St.' Tliu yo'un/r trooper took tho tiief.r.uio, ,?;,-. Ki,yii)K.P-»p'iini! uno end of it v/hilut ho BpanniHl tho glado with tho tape-lino. ' What do you make it ?' ?i M, Exactly 'two yards Mid ti quarter.' 'iWoll, that doe.m't Bound much any how.' Tullooh them wound (he lino ill and ro . ?? ? .placml is in his pocket. ?' It'a a curaed n.vkward placo this to . ? '? find anything, oven supposing thoro v/ao n i . cl.uo kicking jibtmt.' Tho fon:n and rank gniascn grew in riotouH profusion owing to tho roof of branches which nheluTjd '.hem from tho vigorous isutirays. t ''?- ? !-?-'- ??-' '???' ? - ? -?..t....,?,j ....,.-... ? .~ cool and inoiat to tho touch ovon when tile nun was warmest. Tho many' piping birda loved this Booludod home, darting in and out tho olivo and omorald foliago with plumago ns gay and daealins as had nil tho colors of a silk factory boon scattered through tho foreat. It was it world of bright ounshino with out, and thouo cornors within whoro tho light atoltb not adorned almost black by comparison. 'Thoro 'a nothing moro to bo done horo, I fancy, and to apoak tho truth I am considerably disappointed ; we'll got back to tho boat.' Tho aergcaut thonco moved on in tho o-reotion indicated, but had not pro ooodod far when hia oyo wa3 euddonly attracted by nn object glittering in tho oinisliino not many foot from whoro ho stood. '» s 'Hulloa I Wo'ro on aomothinR nt laBt —stooping to pick it up— ' a. littlo moro and I ehould havo passed you alto Rotlior, . my friend,' addressing a hand somoly oliaaod ailvdr hunting-flask which ho examinod oloaoly. ' I declare, thoro'o a small drop of mountain dow still in it!' , Ho poured tho contents into a cup attaohpd. ' Wo'll havo a drink on it, anyway, arid good luck to uh.' Ho handed Tulloch a portion of tho spirit which ho put to hia lipo. 'Good gracious ! man, what'o tho matter ?' seeing that Tullooh pulled a wry face and apat tho contents on the ground. ''Matter I r,:\l? (h^ »?.rt. .w f. ftrcr.% enough of i), It wouW Jsil! im Etra)gbfc off. I haven't liveil all these years not to know the taoto of drugged Wquor.' Sergeant Popham at this' romnrk applied his nostrils to tho stopper, which immediately convinced him that all waa was not right.' 'Ah! ha! poison in tho cup, oh? This looka uncommon queer, to ony tlio least of it. A lucky thing wo'vo got some loft for analysis. A stranger thing still,' ho continued, 'tho initiula eji graved^on thisarticlo roaoinblo vory much ' S.P.' What is your opinion ?'! Tulloch took tho flask and oxaminod tho letters in queotion, which loft no room for doubt in his mind that thoy wero aa stated. Aa ho handed it back a knowing look overspread hia featuies, which tho ser geant waa not slow in reading. ' This can bo tho property of no loss a person than our worthy young lord yondor,' remarked Popham. ' Yes, that 'belongs to or did belong to Sybil Prescott, and aa far as i know ho wasn't in tho habit of making expensive presonts to Liscombo.' Tho sorgoant laughed h- himself. 'Neither expensive nor inexpensive. Tho only aort of proaent Liscombo might havo received would havo boon a black oyo. I daroaay ho got that.' Tlio sorgeant waa now beginning to bo moro interested since thn unoarthing of this important link in tho chain of evi dence which might lead to other and moro important results.' 'There'll h.ivo to bo an exhumation of the remains in ordor to bco if thoro aro any trueea of poiaoniug in tho stomach,' said Popham. ' That'll bo another job for Brook, and not a pleasant one either. No onogucBaod'of such a thing ns poison ing or attomptod poisoning. Thia case promises somo rathor interesting fca turea, and looks very black against Pros cott. Ho'll havo to give a clear account of how Lieconibo camo to bu in possession of this flask full of drugged whisky. Of course, circumstances may have occurred by which Liscombo wa-3 1ho rightful owner of tho article but aa we havo said beforo it is not likely that Proacott wade him a present of it.' ' Ho might havo done so,' ro markod Tulloch, 'when it contained poison.' ' That, my friend, wo'll provo, or I'm a Dutchman. A man who'a drugged might certainly havo an inclination to diish hia brains out against a tree, and whether Maurice Liscombo'ti death has boon that of his own doing «r tho work of another thia vile compound is indirectly tho causo.' ' Evon tho drop_ which I swallowed has rnado mo foel quito quoor,' said Tul loch. ' Queensland liquor's got a bad namo, but I'm hanged if you can boat that by much.' Tho young offlcor cast a look of disgust at the flaak and a tremor went through his body. ' And now, lad, we'll gothomo aaBOon ns wo can,' eaid Popham, carefully Bocrot ing tho flrvah about hiu person. Thoy had reached tho momorablo troe whero tho Chineso had made their dis covory in order to make a thorough ex amination of this giant of tho forest. Tho Celestials wero lying fast asleep in tho bottom of tho crnfr, dreaming por chanco of their early roturn to tho Flowery Land, rich in this world's goods. ' Hi thoro ! you laay doge ; wake up. Wo do all tho work while you sleop and dream.' In an instant tho grinning, sloopy looking creatures had sprung to their oara and wero ouco moro ready for tho roturn journ«y. 'Our day, aftor all, baa boon 8iiccoss ful,' said Tulloch, hs thoy woro sculled down tho ailont igarapo and onoo more emerged on to tho broad, fast-flowing river, all goldon-huod in tho rod light of a netting uun. 'Not a word, remember,' said tho Borgeant, whon tho boat had reaohod Thornton. Tho public, however, was soon astir whon it learned of the officers' re turn, but gloanod not a word of what had taken placo. CHAPTER XIX. A M1DNI0HT VISITOR. Immediately on tho roturn of tho police officers to Thornton Sorgeant Pop ham loot no time in making h\u way to tho ro3idonco of Dr. Brook in order to hand over tho flask asid ito contoutn. , Tho small cottago wa3 situated about a quarter of a. milo' from tho polico bar rncka on tho Townavillo road, aurrounded by a pretty garden which waa tho er.pecial caro of Dr. Brook. 'Nothing liko exoroiao for the muaclos ; and digging ia the beat way to develop thorn,' ho would Bay whon nn acquaint ance panned and naw him with shirt aloovea rolled to tho olbow. It waa almost dark when Sorgcant Popham arrived nt tho email wiclcet-gato ;:nd found Dr. Brook turning ovor tho black soil. ' Ah, doctor ! Hard at it, a3 usual, I Tho jovial doctor immediately calutcd him with a hearty 'How are you, oorgoont? Como _ In and make yourself at home. Anything The police ofliiier did as ho was bid, and ; tho.ro Uiplng. little daylight loft tho doctor th'roW s'downJ hia spado and Bauntorod'ort'to' tlio voVtthdah With Pop hnm-. ,' Thia is an unexjiccted ploasuro, nor goant. In tho firBt place, you look vory dry,' and I munt uonfoas that my own throat reaomliloii a limo-kiln moro than anything olno, ho lot ua hiivo (some clarot and long aodas.' Tho invitation sounded cool and ro freshing to tho aensea, more especially whon, aa ovorybudy know, Dr. Brook kept imported claret and that good of ita Bort. ' I'll havo none of that confoundod Oolonial rubbish. It's all vory.woll pooplo Baying that you got to like it in timo, but for my part I novor could. Too new and heady, air. Too now and heady.' And aa tho worthy man uttorod thoso words ho lot down a canvas bag from the ratters of tho vorandah. 'Now I'll bo bound you'll got no bettor wino than this oithor in or out of tho colony.' Ho then procoodod to lift from tho cool water a bottlo of ohoico claret known oa tho Chdtcau Marr/aux. Tho Borgeant looked on, and would havo preferred whisky if ho hud had his ohoico, but he know that tho dootor CBchowod spirita in tho Quoonaland cli mate aa ho would poison. 'Now for Rome soda-water and a cigar apiece, and wo'll hear what you've got to Bay, Popham.' Tho nowB which tho latter wa3 about to impart to Dr. Broolt waa of bo privato £-%&?&£(£*- ib&h; hn twrn-.od ijiBtinctively rounfi lost onyutse toighfc to lietoning. ' Wo'ro porfoctly aafo fxoi» eavoa droppera, I hope ?' asked Popham. ' Yos, my dear air ; not a aoul within car-shot oxcopt my agad and rnuoh roapected liouaokoepor, whoao aa deof oa a poat, poor thing.' Tlio sergoant tiion wont into dotaila of tho day's doings, which Dr. Brook fol lowed with groat interest, moro oapccially when tho circumstances in connection with tho finding of Preacott'a flask wero narrated. 'Sothat'a tho artiolo, is it 1' said the' doctor, examining tho beautifully-chased work and anifliug at tho contonts. 'I can't Bay what may bo in it, but oor tainly it haan'u tho bouquet of a good genuine whisky. However, in thia part of tho world that's nothing now. Woro all liquora unadulterated, wo might con gratulate ouraolvoa that tho millennium had arrivod. 'And,' put in Popham, 'leaa work for the dootors, eli }' ' Quito so ; our occupation in a rivcai Biiro would bo gone Why, half tho hospitals aro kept open by tho sale of poisonoua liquora. I'vo about half-a-dozen cases of delirium, tremena in our own email ono horo. I maintain that hot as this climato is, if pooplo only confined thom boIvob to light winoa or, bottor still, wholcaomo tomperance drinka.they would bo aa healthy in North Queensland aa in any other part of tho world.' Tho dootor aftor Hits took a long draught of tho clarct-and-Boda which stood in tho socket of his cime-loungo, thinking it was well he had included light wines in tho list of harmlosii beverages. ' But this iB straying from the quua ticn. You requiro mo to make a caroful analysia of tho liquor and ahould any tiacea of a noxious character bo found, to produco a written statement and hand it ovor.' 'That's the naturo of tho busineea,' anawerod Popham. And, furthermore, should any poison bo discovered, to order an exhumation of Li8combo'a remains and mako an examination of tho sto mach.' 'Quito so; tho only examination I have yet made has beonof tho skull, and as faras.it goes thoro ia nothing to show how tho fractoro was made. It might havo boon caused by a blow from a flticlc, or oIhc havo been tho result of accident, pure and Bimplo, such as a fall from a liorso. In any caso, if there are tiacea of poison in tho whisky I will immedi ately mako a thorough examination of tlio stomach. ' ' It looks fishy,' said tho sergeant, 'tho flask having Proscott's monogram on it, and I'm afraid will go vory much against him.' Tho sorgeant talked to tho dootor unro strainedly, knowing that whatovor passed botwoon thorn would bo kept in strict Bocreoy. 'You aro hard at work getting to gother all tho evidonco in your power, 1 suppo3u ?' ' Yea, and a pretty buainesa it ia. At bcBt wo havo only ovidenco of a purely' circumstantial naturo and that scarcely oiiough to arreat anyone upon.' 'I'll havo to look alive,' said tho doc tor, ' in order to get niino ready by tho 18th. What is your opinion about 'Prcn- cott?' Tho sorgoant for a momont hardly liked to mako reply to such nn outspoken question, stroking his moustache find gazing into space aB was his custom whonovor anything of a perplexing character cropped up. After a moment hi* mndo reply : ' Well, dootor, either that ho iB the most cunning and designing ncoundrol, or olao innocent of tho baauat crimo that man can bo charged with.' ' Ho'm ! that doesn't toll rno much. For my part, I'vo always had tlio highest opinion of Proscott, and cannot hco what motive there waa for getting rid of Lia combo. It'a dear that tlioy agreed about an well aa a keg of gunpowder and a lighted match, bnh still there nuiKt bo a very broad lino botwoon bearing ani mosity against a man and doing away with him. No, I can't boliovo that Prca cott ia tho alayor of the Manager of Rap pOo.'.' 'RomoiYiber,' aaid Popham, ' thoro wero £3500 at stake. A man don't caro about parting with that whon ho thinks ho can seo hia way clear to retaining it.' 'Mercenary motivea, I am aware, have a good deal to do with tho taking of mon's livoa. In fact, in nine caao3 out of ton, murdera result from that and that alone. But to toll mo that Proscolt did away with Liacombo over a mouoy truiiE notion ia moro than I can credit.' ' Well, doctor, how do you reconcile that idoa in your mind with thoao docu monts which woro found in Liscombe n oaddle-pouch ? It appears to mo that our young friond hnd a double ronaon for din pofiing of tho manngor, though whon all's naid.and done Liccombo waa ns bad ns Prbucott, if tho death of! Dugdalo rosla on the lattor'a lihouldors. Ho can only lie proceeded ngainnt on ono ohargo lit ii time; nnd to a .certainty tho question of how Dugdalo mot hia death cannot bo an Bwoioduatinfactoriiy. What wo havo to provo ia whothor in viow of pant circum Btancoa thcro cxiated any reason in hia mind for killing Liacombe.' Great as tho impartiality of British justico may appear in giving prisoners tho benefit of a doubt, there very ofton appears amongst tho dotectivo force an undue and ovor-anxiouB desire to find Dotootivea, liko most other moinbora of a community, havo to make thoir daily nrop.d mi,l nt timoa this nccesaary com modity is hardly earned, and ofton too at tho rink of their own livoa. Still tho fact must remain that in many onaea their orrorn or judgment aro un pardounblo when a m.-iii is arroatod on u. charge of which ho is wholly innocent. In their endeavors to earn far them solves praiau of tho world, handsome re muneration and Bpcedy promotion, there la n tondenoy to overshoot i.ho mark. Sergeant Popham had hnd many ano cuaoful eou/).i, and in tliia jiartiou'liir in staneo comforted himuolf in tho belief that ho know where to lay hands on tho right person. It was paBt olnvon o'ciock when Pop ham rose to tako his doparl.uro. 'To-morrow, then, you'll aot to work, doctor, and 1. hopo furiiiuh ua with aoino valuable information.'' Aftor thia tho trooper sauntered through tho trim. littlo gardon with its wealth of floworing shrub.-, and plants, Bonding forth thoir aromatic 'fragranco on thn still night air. Tho quiot highway whie.i led through thickly-grown clumps of pandauua pahna and bamboos, lookod dreary enough as ho trampod along, sonding up tho fino white dust which lay anklo-doop on tho roadway. Tho aound of his foot-fall on tho solid hardwood raftora of tho bridgo which spanned tho river alone broke tho calm roposo of tho omall town. ? Tho night was oloao and almost stifling in ita charactor within doors, bo much bo that Popham roaolvod not to votiro forth with, knowing full well that littlo or no sloop would como to refresh -him. Ho Recording filled himself u pijio of tobacco and stretched himself in a ham mock which occupiod a corner of tho verandah. Ho went ovor again in his mind tho ovonta of tho day which ho felt auro wore about to throw strung light on' the naturo of Maurico Liscombo's death. If tlioro woro traces of poison in tho liquor — of whinh ho had not tho least doubt — tho question must bo answered. 'Who was to blamoV Thoro could bo littlo doubt oither that the flimlc which horo Sybil's monogram was not LiBcombn's property. It was midnight. The palma and bamboos woro stirred by a gontlo breeze which ruffled thoir foathery tops, the flapping wings of aonio flying-fox aa it darted through apacb, might bo heard, or tho mournful cry of. a jungle-fowl piping until llio eastern light would appoar. Tho aorgoant was as thoroughly prac tical in character ns a man could well bo. Noauporslitioua fancies over found their way into his clour and far-seeing mind, though his homo in the old country had been asaooiatod with all manner of blood curdling logenda handed down from gono ration to generation and believed in to tho letter by tho old villagers who wore as ignorant as peoplo generally aro — born, bred and dying in ono spot. ' I daresay I should havo grown up ox actly tho bamo, had I stayed thero,' ho Hiiid to himself, his thoughts travelling back to tho old Lancashire village. ' Romance is all very well, but when a man'a starving thoro'3 doviliah littlo ro miuico in him. And that's boen my ex porionco boforo now, and in AuHtralia, too, whoro thoy aay a man can't starve if ho'o willing to work. Talk of suporsti tiou in the old country. It's ainiply ignoranco of tho lowest ordor. Put aomo of my old chums in tho bush for a year or bo and thoy'U soon get all that nonsense knocked out of thorn.' What had led tho Borgeant into this train of thought, which seldom occurred, was moro than ho himself could havo Baid. ' My God 1 there's a ghost !' ho sud denly oxolaimed, jumping out of tho ham mock and gazing steadily at an appari tion which atood motionless at the garden gat0- ' ' . ? .,;..'. ' Am I dreaming ? ? ' No, sure enough, I'm awake.' ' ' The sergeant gave himself a pinch in order to mako certain. ? ? At first tho sudden appoaranco of such a Bight nomewhnt startled him', but in another instant ho walked quickly down in the direction of hie nocturnal visitor. ''By hoavonR, it'a Luoy!' ho aaid, be ginning to recognise tho well-known fea tureB 'of tho popular bar-maid. 'What on earth can she bo doing at thia timo of night, and alouo, too?' Ho waa right. Tho fiyuro beforo him wob Lucy Gullem, clnd in naught elso but her robc.de nuit, nud hor long ravon tresoa falling in wa\\-y masBos about hor shouldors and neck. Her eyes woro wido open, lnrgo, luatrous and black, yot tlioro seemed no whit of expression thoro. Sho was naleop — aa sound asloop aa if she had never stirred from hor bod. ' What tho dovil shall I do with hor ?' tho sergeant naked himsolf, gazing at thia Lady Macbeth-iiko visitor. . To awaken her ho was determined not to, having heard that such a tiling might provo fatal, moro especially ' whon ho know tho highly norvous atato of thia girl's toinporament. It was tho first limo in hia life that ho had ever boen confronted by such a Bight, and hoped it would ho tho Inat. 'Well, it's no uso standing looking at hor all night, though h|io is nico. I've never before neon her look ao fetching. My word, how tho boya would laugh If they only know of this. Luoy at my house at this hour!' The sorgeant omilod at tho bare idea of such 11 thing and congratulated himaolf on tho fact that thoro waa no oyo witnoBS of tho Kceno. 'No one ahall hoar of it, I'm deter-, mined, and ao tho sooner I can got her back to bed tho bettor. Good ovening, Lucy, will you give mo a whisky and bitters, plouau t' Tho Borgoant thought this a good way of opening tho conversation, boing abnub tho moat natural question ho could havo asked. Thn girl neither movod nor apoke, but only gazed Btoadily beforo her. ' I can't stand thia much longer. Per haps nho'll como inside if I ask hor. ^yon't you rest yourself a moment ; tho al'tnrunon ia warm ?' ' Thank you, if you'll keep secret what I'm about to aay.' Popham took hor baud in hia nnd led her up to tho verandah. i; 1 won't como any furl.hor,' aho re marked ; ' I'm pressed for time. In fact, il'.H paat ten now, but I had to como. 1 could not rest till 1 told you.' ' Uahn youraelf, Lucy, and toll mo all. You m;\y rely upon mo keeping every thing to lnyr.olf.' 'Ahl liorgoaut, in you, porhapa, 1 havo my ono and only t'rioud. ' People may call thcmsolvcs my frienda, hut 1 know better. Can a bar-maid bo a friend of anyuno's ? hook what bIio 1i;ui io go through, tho peoplo kIio r.iuiif, uniilo at and protend to like. Ah! tho whnlo thing iii aini])ly a burlo&quo; from begin ning to (mil. But in you, Kcrgeant, I ! Tho girl put out hor hand, glittering, with many proeioua atonen of -a~ doubtful elmractor, which Popham hold gontly. ' And now for my ntory. I couldn't Hloop to-night w^hon I won'; to bod, with this dreadful weight on my mind, ao droascd myself and euino up horo.' Tho norgeant gazed, down at tho em broidered robo of tl:o somnambulist and amiled at tho idon. ' I know that tho body of Maurioo Liscomho would bo found Boonor or Inter. ' Murdor will out' ia a trtio naying, and has proved bo in thia case. [ havo como horo to give you nomo strong ovidpneo which will bring that man to juatico.' ' Who is that man?' ' - ., Luoy at thia quostion went off into a high-pitched aoroam of laughtor, do monincal and unnatural in sound. 'How can you ; auk that question?' sho aaid when she had recovered hor composure. ' Why, Sybil Prescott' is Liacombo's murdoror.. Oh ! don't look surprised. Tho word Bounds harsh enough, doesn't it? Nevertheless, it's trno. Ayo, as true as ovor a thing was in : thin lifo.' Tho sergeant heeded not tho atatomont mado by tho woman in her preaont ntato, yot withal tlioro waa an irresistiblo fasci nation to linton to all sho had to say. ' To bring Sybil Proacott to juatico ia my purposo. Tiioao documents which tell bo much against him aro aa nothing boaido what 1 havo anon with my own oyoa. I know their oon'tonte, but how I Jcnow them don't ask 1110. Thero was a flask bolonging to Prescott which, if it woro rocovored, would provo something that ho might not liko. That flask waa given to Liscombo tho night when herodo to hia death.' ' What did it contain ?' asked the sor geant. ' It contained poison. Sybil Prescott has poisoned thnt man. I know it. Ah 1 a woman wna not given her reasoning for nothing. I told 'Mnurico of this— told him to pour ovory drop of it uway, ob something said within mo all waa not right. 1 hoard aomeono in tho bar this evening talking about drugged liquor, bo perhaps people may know moro about tho matter than wo auppoao. Why Bhould Prcacotfc give that man who now liea in his grave a flaak of whisky to drink ? A thing that ho haa novor in his lifo dono beforo. Tho reason ia not hard to guess. You know .as much us I do about both of tli'iiu. 1 will 0'iy no moro. Know this, Borgeant, that the blood of Liscombo ia on .that younir man's handa. Arrest him without delay and give him his desorta.' Lucy by this time had wound heraolf up to an unnatural pitch of excitement, fio much so that Popham began to four that sho would awiikon. NotBo.howovor. Sho still held on with hor rambling and at times incoherent account of what bIio wished tho polico officer to beliove. ? 'Maurice. Liacombo waa kind to mo, though I never liked him. I loved nnothor ; loved him dearly. But what use was it? Ho was already an engagod men. How handsome, how noble I thought ho wno. Ho could novor bo mine. All has happened for tho best. My lifo would havo beon linked with that of a murderer's, for ho was nono othor than Sybil Pr'eaeott. Thank God for it. I have had a narrow oscapo. Timo ia going ; I must get homo again. Will you walk aa far aa the gato ? I fool roliovod now sinoo I havo told you what I know. How else could Maurico have boon killed unless aa I havo said by poison ? What will a man not do whon ho ia in an unconscious atato and has Buieidal tondenoioH like ho had ? Ahl tho thought. ia horrible, hor rible, horriblo !' Aa bIio uttored tho. words «ho moved slowly down tho stops, bookoning Pop ham to follow. At tho gate she whispered in hia ear : , 'Romomber, let-no ono kuoir what I have told you.'1 , In another instant sho had vanished through tho darknosa along tho shadowy rondi '.???':. Popham watched her out of flight, wondering to himself strange tliinga, thoh turned to go inside- and if possible sloop it off. ? 'Evidenco coming in thia fashion is darned strango. Someone or another will havo a hot timo of it.' Soon tho oyoa of tho trooper oloaed in aloop and for tho timo ho was quito obli vioua that thoro had ovor lived such a per son as Maurico Liscombo. CHAPTER XX. TUB AllKEST. ' Sybil Julian Prosoott, I arrest yon for tho wilful murdor of ono Maurice Lis combo !' Such woro tho wordsuttorod a few days 'after by Sorgeant Popham. Words which woro enough to havo struck terror into tho heart of tho hardest of criminals ; but with Sybil, though grim onough when pronounced in tho sorg'oant'a stentorian voioo, taken littlo hoed of. Tho scene of thoarresb was tho verandah of Sybil's Iioubo at Rappoe. ? Aa waa customary, now that Maurioo Liscombo wan no more, ho and Hoycroft would often tako an alfresco breakfast on tho broad, ahady verandah. Whilst par taking of coft'oo, rolls and liisoioua tropic fruits tho oyo could bo rofreBhud with tho bright omorald foliago of tho cano-fiolds, nil glistonii'.g and cool-looking under tho first rays of an oarly aim. How many times hud they sat thoro, talking of all manner of things, and not the least of them many and many a time boforo discuaaed in all its boarings thic ciibo of which Sybil now formod tho eon tral figure. It ia a well known thing among tho police that ofton an arreat ia mado in ono quartor in ordor that nnothor party of whom thoy have suspicion may bo thrown off hia guard. With criminals, aa a rule, whon thoir evil inatincta prompt them to commit a crimo thoir conduot in oftentimes marked in aftor actions by folly and cowardico, though previously thoy had had enough courngo to carry out thoir doaigna. What gladder tidings can bo carried to tho cars of any law-trunsgrcnaor than to hour that for tho crimo of which ho ulono ia guilty nnothor and an innocent man has boon arrested ? Ho glonlo and ehuoklea to Jiimuolf at tho idea of nueh a, thing and would willingly go nnd aoo him auffer tho Inat ponalty of tho law rnthoi- than raiao ft fuigor to savo him. lie litllo droaimi that by assuming uuch an air of nnnchulanee ho ia really prepar ing for hiniiielf that noniie whioh ho had ao fondly calculated was waiting for another, Tho polico aroroady to not.o ovcrything r.lmt ho may any or do. Thoy shadow him day and night, watching him whon ho le;ista suspects ; uyo, and. oven t \\\L and drink with him. much that otherwise' lie would havo feared to touch upon in bin, Robor uiommrtH. A'HoiiRthj'by a word let elip, by a Bomofhing however trivial it may appoar tn tho'gonornl piiblif.1. ho iiicnmi natoB hitnnolf. In an instant the' iron ,'bandu oncirclo hia wrintfl. Ho inn pri .non'or,' hnd no! ono' nioro antoniBhfcd thttii himsolf. , ,r, ' : , . Had Sorgoant; Popham arrested Sybil in ordor to make tho arrest, of another ?moro certain-?. No 0110 could Bay. Aa nn oflicor who know what hiu duly was- nobody ques tioned for a momont. Tho case wib in hia handa for solution, and tho first stop towards'' bringing the alayor of Lkcombo to. justice had boen taken. ??'??'' ..?.??? '' - ?? ' ??','?? ?? Tho public would look on and follow each stago of, tho proceedings with that voraoious appotite for ' supping upon horrors which in ro oharactoriatic of tho avorago law-court lounger. .-'?'' Though tho inquoat had beon fixed for a certain dato, it was noooBaary to post pone it for a weolc later in order that tho witnesses might havo di*o notice arid that any furthor ovidonco forthcoming might also bo obtainod. ? ???.:?. 'Will. thoro bo no timo to writo 0. letter or settle othor matters?' inquired Sybil aa Popham and Tullooh-Gtood boforo hia chair. 'I'vo much to aay that I ahould liko. Could you give mo on hour ?' . . ? ' Vory sorry to aay, air, that wo can't. Our orders are to tako you without dolay to Thornton. No doubt you'll bo able to do any business thoro that you may re quire. There'll bo a clear wook beforo tho inqueRt, during which you'll have plenty of timo to yourself.' A grim smile overapread Sybil'o faco at tho thoughts of that weary weok boforo him. And who could say,, perhaps, how many woary woeks thoro might not bo aftor that, supposing they found him guilty ? As.Roycroft heard the atom older of Sorgoant Popham, ho drew Sybil osido, scarcely ablo to articulate clearly tho comforting words which he wished to say. With an effort, howevor, he mastered himaolf. ? ' Bour up, 6ld boy ; the oriaia. has como at Inat. You allow nothing of what yoi? fool ; woro you to do bo, porhapa, you would appoar Icbs plucky than you really aro. I'll havo the horses saddled without delay, and wo'll, rido to Thornton under oNcort.' Ilia last words woto almost Bpokon in a jocular manner, aa ho ran down tho atops and took a path in the direction of tho Btabloa. Whilst Roycroft waa abnent, Sybil nnd tho troopers remained besido tho break fast table. Had theso storn guardians of tho law boen off duty thoy would roadily havo ac copted tho light winoa and cigara which Sybil so kindly offered. Aa it waa, however, thoy could ac cept nothing, and, in fact, spoko hardly at all. Thoy woro stolid as gphinxoa, looking etoadily boforo them ovor tho waving cano-tops, bending to the morning breezo with a aad, mournful sound liko tlio waves of the Bea. And Hub world of sunshine, this broad, far-stretching panorama of heavenly lights and glowing colors in which morry birds piped their aonga and dusky savages laughed and l'ovolled, was to bo exchanged for tho dark, unwholosomo atmosphere of a folon'a dungeon. Sybil thought of this as hia oyo roamed at will across the familiar landacajio far away towards that frowning fortreHB-liko rock of Grnzebrook, whoro poor Chris tine watched and hoped for his re turn. Ah ! cruel onough ho thought ii all, but easy to boar were aho not mado to aufl'or on his account. TIub wan a thought, sharp aa an nrrow entering hia sido, which maddened him to dwoll upon. ' Why should aho bo made to suffer?' ho kept ropoating to himself. And thon his oyo was ouddenly at trnoted by tho ornamental hilt of Pop ham's revolver, protruding from its caao. Flight uovor onterod hie mind, and ho evon Btnilod to himaelf at tho idoa of such a weapon boing carried on his account. Though his rooms woro bristling with firo-arma oft all descriptions, no thought of ever carrying ono in aolf-dofisnco had ovor occurred to him. ' I wouldn't shoot a dog if I oould help it,'_ ho had ofton said when stories of 'nigger-potting,' aa it is familiarly torined, woro told him by another. ' Somo, no doubt,' ho thought, ' would have taken to the bush immediately whon they had known thoro waB a ohanco of boing arrested, cramming as many shoot ing irons diid daggers into their bolt aa would torrify a host. I boo nothing in it, as ton chances to ono tho enpturo would havo bean offected nil tho same. Thoao troopers Bhoot Btraight, whioh is not always tho caao with thoao who carry moat woapona of defence BoBidea, what havo I to escape from? God and my eonacioneo tell mo what is right, and that's enough.' By this timo Roycroft had brought up tho hor3e3 which Sybil and ho were going to rido to tho township. How froah and woll-oonditioned thoy appeared in tho bright morning light, turning thoir heads in tho direction of their comfortablo looBO-hoxos, from whonco camo tho neighing of stable companions. All these overy-day triflou wero now taken note of by Sybil aa ho sat in moody silonco. ? Moat, no doubt, havo experienced tho aamo when, porhapa, for tho Inat timo thoy aro looking at aonio well known scoiio in which uvorything, bo it small or groat, leaven nn impression long to bo remoinborod whon yeara havo. rolled thoir course. ' Shall I bo por'nittod to accompany Mr. Prooc'ott 1' aakod Roycroft of tho aorgeant as thoy woro nuking propnra tioiiB for tho start. ' By all mean?. No doubt your nor vicca will bo of uho to tho prisoner. Ho may havo messagon to sond.' How harsh tho word prisoner sounded to tho oara of tho .young follows, though ft common onough ono with Pop hatn. 'Thon wo'ro all roady. Tulloch, do you tuko up tho rear whilst I rido in front. Remombor, Mr. Prencott, thia io hioro aa a mabtor of form than anything olao. Wo havo no fcur that you will try to oacapo.' Sybil had been nrrestod no quiotly that Bonrooly anyono on tho plantation waa av.'aro of it. Tho quartolito woro riding down ono of tho qubt camo-giados, whence camo tho sharp ring of 'knivoa and joyous refrain of tho islanders, aa tho long bamboos fell in heaps ready for garnering. lney little dioimid tin* thoi midc \ ai biinij liuiuul ton iid to \m d qiii. ho 1 Infant' h I nn It i ^o mil '' 