THE IDLE THOUGHTS OI1 AN IDLE FELLOW. ON BABIES. Oh yes, I do — I kiow a lot about 'ems I was one myself once — though not long, not so long as my clothes. Tke# were very long, I recollect, and alway. in my way when I wanted to kicfc Why do babies have such yards of un necessary clothiug ? 1b is nofc a riddle^ I really want to know. I never could understand it. Is it that the parents are ashamed of the size of the child, and wish to make believe that it is longer than it actually is ? I asked a/ nurse -once why it wae. She said— *% 'Lor', sir, they always Ji^^ Long clothes, bless their little he%rts^;^ And when I 'exglained^ ;that -!tSp answer, although doing credit to her feeK ings hardly despose^ -)tm|i4!ii^P :..? - -. :^\\-;V{*m?:::^$m ? :'????? y-^^'y':-::^^^-^^mm^mmmMk ^P^^^f6a^ronldn*t have 'em in Idtort clothes, poor little dears ? ' And sbe .said it in a tone tbat seemed to imply I had suggested some unmanly ^iSjaee then, I have felt shy at making inquiries on the subject, and the reason ||||fteason there be — is still a mystery j|o- me. But- indeed, putting them in any clothes at all seems absurd to my |n$tii-fc Goodness knows, there is enough of dressing and undressing to be gone Ibrough in life, without beginning it Jbwefore we need : and one would think J|hat people who liye in bed might, at all events, be spared the torture. ?Why wake the poor little wretches :itp/In the morning to take one lot of clothes off, fix another lot on and put thorn to bed again ; and then at night haul them out once more, merely to , change everything back ? And when all is done, what difference is there, I ,. should like to know, between a baby's might-shirt and the thing it wears in the day-time ? Very likely, however. I am only making myself ridiculous — I often do ; BO I am informed — and I will, therefore, Bay no more upon this matter of clothes, except only that it would be of great con venience if some fashion were adopted, enabling you to tell a boy from a girl. At present it is most awkward. Neither hair, dress, nor conversation affords the slightest clue, and you arc lefc to guess. By some mysterious law of Nature you invariably guess wrong, and are thereupon regarded by ail the relatives and friends as a mixture of fool and knave, the enormity of alluding « to a malesbabe as 'she' being only equalled by the atrocity of referring to a female infant as ' he.' Whichever sex the particular child in question happens not to belong to is considered as beneath contempt, and any mention of it is taken as a personal insult to the family. And, as you value your fair name, do not attempt to get out of the difficulty by talking of ' it.' There are various methods by which you may achieve ig nominy and shame. By murduring a large and respected family in cold blood, and afterwards depositing their bodies in the water companies' reservoir, you will gain much unpopularity in the neighbourhood of your crime, and even robbing a church will get you cordially disliked, especially by the vicar. But if \- jpu desire to drain to the dregs the fullest ; cup of scorn and hatred that a fellow human creature can pour out for you, let a young mother hear you call dear I baby ' it.' Your best plan is to address the f Article as 'little angel.' The noun angel being of common gender, suits the ^oase admirably, and the epithet is sure pf being favourably received. ' £*et ' or ' *« beauty ' are useful for variety's sake, but 'angel' is the term that brings you the greatest credit for sense and good feeling. The word should be preceded ''ij&jjr;* short giggle, and accompanied by las much smile as possible. And what ever you do, don't forget to say that the ijhildhas got its father's nose. This ^fe^cnes'* the parents (if I may be fallowed a vulgarism) more than anything, ^hey will pretent to laugh at the idea at ;!|fil§|, *n(* w^ sav» ' O.k» nonsense ! ' You must then get excited, and insist Hjt^t it is fact. You need have no conscientious scruples on the subject, because the thing's nose really does tSraemble its father's — at all events quite AS^mnch as it does anything else in aature—being, as it is, a mere smudge. Wl0i-uri- despise these bints, my friends. fcThere may come a time when, with ^ammaon one side and grandmamma |p the other, a group of admiring young iSadiw (not admiring yott. though) S|Shkd,»nda bald-headed dab of W Su in front, yem will be extremely never seen to such disadvantage as when i undergoing the ordeal of ' seeing baby.*' j A cold shudder runs down his back at the bare proposal, and the sickly smile with which he says how delighted he shall be, ought surely to move even a mother's heart, unless, as I am inclined to believe, the whole preceding is a mere device, adopted by wives to discourage the visits of bachelor freinds. It is a cruel trick, though, whatever its excuse may be. The bell is rung, and somebody sent to tell the nurse to bring baby down. This is the signal for all females present to commence talking tl baby,' during which time, you are left to your own sad thoughts, and to speculations upon the practicability of suddenly recollectiug an important engagement, and the likelihood of your being believed if you do. Just when you have eoncotted an absurdly implaus ible tale about a man outside, the door opens, and a tall, severe looking woman enters, carrying what at first sight appeaas to be a particularly skinny bolster, with the Feathers all at one end. Instinct, however, tells you that this is the baby, and you rise with a miserable attempt at appearing eager. When the first gush of feminine enthusiasm with which the object in question is receifed has died out, and the number of laides talking at once has been reduced to the ordinary four or five, and the circle of fluttering petticoats divides, and room is made for you to step forward. This you do with much the same air that you would walk into the dock at Bow Street, and then, feeling unutterably miserable, you stand solemnly staring at the child. There is dead silence, and you know that everyone is waiting for you to speak. You try to think of something to say, but find, to your horror, that your| reasoning faculties have left you. It is a moment of despair, and your evil genius, seizing the opportunity, suggests to you some of the most idiotic remarks that it is possible for a human being- to perpetrate. Glancing around with an im becile smile, you soiggertngiy observe that ' It hasn't got much hair, has it ?' Nobody answers you for a minute, but at last the stately nurse says with much gravity — 'It is not customary for children five weeks old to have long hair.' Another silence follows this, and you feel you are being given a second chance, which you avail yourself of by inquiring if it can walk yet, or what they feed it on. By this time, you have got to be re garded as not quite right in your head, and pity is the only thing felt for you. The nurse, however, is determined that, insane or not, there shall be no shirking, and that you shall go through your task to the end. In the tones of a high priestess, directing some religious mys tery, she says, holding the bundle towards vou. ♦' Take her in vour arms. — ..,_ — v / v f sir.' You are too crushed to offer any resistance, and so meekly accept the burden. u Put your arm more down her middle, sir,' says the high priestess, and then all step back and watch you intently as though you were going to do a trick with it. What to do you know no more than you did what to say. It is certain something must be done, however, and the only thing that occurs to you is to heave the unhappy infant up and down to the accompaniment of 'oopsee- daisy,' or some remark of equal intelli gence. ' I wouldn't jig her, sir, if I ^ere you,' says the nurse ; ' a very liitle upsets her.' You promptly decide not to jig her, and sincerely hope that you have not gone too far already. At this point the child itself, who has hitherto been regarding you with an ex pression of mingled horror and dfegust, puts an end to the nonsenre by beginning to yell at the top of its voice, at which the priestess rashes forward and snatches it from you with, 'There, there, there! What did urns do to urns?' 'How very extraordinary 1 you say pleasantly, ' Whatever made it go off like that ? ' ' Oh, why you must have done something to her ! ' says the mother indignantly ; the child wouldn't scream like that for ; nothing.' It is evident they think you i have been sticking pins into it. The brat is calmed at last, and would no doubt remain quiet enough, only some mischievous busybody points you out again with ' Who's this, baby ? ' and the intelligent child, recognising you, howls louder thau ever. Whereupon, some fat old lady remarks that ' It's strange how children take a dislike to anyone.' ' Oh, thev know,' replies another mysteriously. ' It's a wonderful thing,' adds a third ; and then everybody looks sideways at you, convinced you are a scoundrel of the blackest dye ; and they glory in the beautifnl idea that your true character, unguessed by your fellow-men, has been discovered by the untaught instinct of a little child. Babies, though, with all their crimes and errors, are not without their use — not without use, surely, when they fill an empty heart ; not without use when, at their call, sunbeams of love break through care- clouded faces ; not without ush when their little fingers press wrinkles into smiles OJd little people ! They are the uu conscious comedians of the world's great stage. They supply the humour in life's all too heavy drama. Each one, a small but determined opposition to the order of things in general, is for ever doing the wrong thing, at the wrong time, in the wrong place, and in the wrong way. The nurse-girl, who sent Jenny to see what Tommy and Totty were doing, a,nd ' teli'em they mustn't,' knew infantile nature. Give an average baby a fair chance, and if it doesn't do something it oughtn't to, a docter should be called in at once. Tht^y have a genius for doing the most ridiculous things, and they do them in a grave, stoical manner that is irre sistible. The business-like air with which two of them will join hands and proceed due east at a break-neck toddle wbile an excitable big sister is roaring1 for them to follow her in a westesly direction, is most amusing — except, perhaps, for the big sister. They walk round the soldier, staring at his legs with the greatest curiosity, and poke him to see it' he is real. They stoutly maintain, against all argument, and much to the discomfort of the victim, that the bash ful young man at the end of the 'bus is ' dadda.' A crowded street corner sug gests itself to their minds as a favourable spot for the discussion of family affairs at a shrill treble. When in the middle of crossing the road, they are seized with a sudden impulse to dance, and the doorstep of a busy shop is the place they always select for sitting down and taking off their shoes. When at home, they find the biggest walking stick in the house, or an umbrella — open preferred — of much assistance in getting up stairs. They discover that they love Mary Ann at the pracise moment when that faithful domestic is blackleading the stove, aad nothing will relieve their feelings but to embrace her then and there. With re gard to food, their favourite dishes are coke and cat's meat. They nurse pussy upside down, and they show their affec tion for the dog by pulling his tail. They are a deal of trouble, and they make a place untidy, and they cost a lot of money to keep ; but still you would not have the house without them. It would not be home without their noisy tongues and their mischief-making hands. Would not the rooms seem silent with out their pattering feet, and might not ;you stray apart if no prattling voices called you together ? It should be so, and yet I have some times thought the tmfhind sewnsif as awedg#,dFriding, I* i* a bearish tatk to qaarrel with that purest of all human affections — that perfecting touch to a wo man's life — a mother's love. It is a holy love^ that we coarser- fibred men can hardly understand, and I would not be deemed to lack reverence for it when I say that surely it need not swallow up all other affection. The baby need not take your whole heart, like the rich man wlio walled up the desert well. Is there not another thirsty travellet standing by ?? Do not, in your desire to be a good mother, forget to be a good wife. No need for all the thought and care to be only for one. Do not, whenever poor tidwin wants you to come out, answer indig nantly, ' What, and leave baby ! ' Do not spend all your evenings upstairs, and confine your conversation exclusively to whooping- cough and measels. My dear little woman, the child is not going to die every time it sneezes, the house is not bound to get burnt down, and the nurse run away with a soldier, every time you go outside the front door ; nor the cat sure to come aud sit on the precious child's chest the moment you leave the bedside. You worry joiirseli a good deal too much about that solitary chick, ami you worry everybody else too. Try and think of your other duties, and your pretty face will not be always puck ered into wrinkles, and there will be cheer fullness in the parlour as well as in the nursery Think of your big baby a little. Dance him about a bit : call him pretty names ; laugh at him now and then, it is only the first baby that takes up the whole of a woman's time. Five or six do not require nearly so much attention as one. But before then the mischief has been done. A house where there seems no room for him, and a wife two busy to think of him, have lost their hold on that so unreasonable husband of yours, and he has learnt to look elsewhere for comfort and com panionship. But there, there, there ! I shall get myself the character of a baby hater, if I talk any more in -this strain. And Heiven knows I am not one, Who could be, to look into the little innocent faces clustered in timid helplessness round those great gates that open down into the world ? The world ! the small round world! what a vast, mysterious place it musfc seem to baby eyes ! What a trackless continent the back garden appears! What marvellous explorations they make in the cellar under the stairs I With what awe they gaze down the long street, wondering, like us bigger babies, when we gaze up at the stars, where it all ends ! And down that longest street of ail that long, dim street of life that stretches out before them — what grave, old fashioned looks they seem to cast. What pitiful frightened looks sometimes ! I saw a little mite sitting on a doorstep in a Soho slum one night, and I shall never forget the look that the gas lamp showed me on its wizen face — a look of dull despair, as if, from the squalid court the vista of its own squalid life and risen, ghost-like, and struck its heart dead with horror. Pooi little feet, just commencing the stony journey. We, old travellers, far down the road, can only pause to wave a hand to you. You come out of the dark mist, and we, looking back, Bee you, so tiny in the distance, standing on I the brow of the hill, your arms stretched I out towards us. God speed you ! We. I would stay and take your little hands in I ours, but the murmur of the great sea is I in our ears, and we may not linger* I We must hasten down, for the shadowy I ships aie waiting to spread their sable I sails. I (To bt continued.) I Printed for tb* Proprietors by GW£§P^ I WHA.ULN, at hi* Gwpna Pr* ^iffwH 1 ntxtthe Uutxal I^^'Aa*o*aili%6oiity'BSofl*' «1 toie.^rrp^oHrtwe^SAthnrrt. ? 5~:;:|| ?? ?' ?? - ? ?? ? -. ?*-? -r ??*.??--.??-',' ? ?: ' $ -;'/?: '?, ',' ? .' ';;-$«? j ' ? '* ? ? - ? - . ? ? ? . ? ? ' . is:''' ? ' '.???' f1'. - 'v£S^H 