OUR BARRIER LETTER. rBv our own Reporter. 1 Broken Hill, May 11. What American scribes would call a '£2,o'ju blaze' occurred here in the small hours of Sunday n:orning. Messrs. D. & W. Murray, well-known in Adelaide commercial circles, have a warehouse in a lane running next to | and parallel v.-ith Argent-street, and in this j building between £-',000 and £3,000 worth of ' dry goods received storage. Three men who ] were passing the building shortly after 2 o'clock t=aw a lurid glare through the windows and at once gave the alarm. The iire brigade, an organisation which is present at most con flagrations without any water to help it and which gets free admission to the theatre, form, v,-as quicldy on the spot, and their operations were attended with greater success than is usually the case. It was found that the fire had broken out in the rear part _ of the building, where an entrance was obtained in the old-fashioned way. The members of the brigade and others carefully removed the burn ing goods from inside the building and ex tinguished the flames in the open air. After the fire the mterior of the warehouse presented an extraordinary appearance. The flames had been confined to a very small space, but enclosed within four strong walls without any means 01 escaping the neat must have been tremen dous. A huge oven was formed in which the great bulk of the goods were baked to cinders. From the outside appearance of the workshop nobody could gather that such heat had been generated within. Some of the goods had been roasted to such an extent that on being touched they fell to ashes. Messrs. D. & J. Fowler's representative had an office in the front part of the building, a considerable dis tance from where the outbreak occurred, and in this everything was curled into unrecogni sable shapes, pictures were roasted from their hooks, corks popped from hundreds of bottles, and altogether there was a very lively time. The free and independent ratepayers of Sturt ward arc indignant because one of their representatives in the council (Alderman Bock- liffe) will not accede to their request and resign. Before his election Alderman Bock liffe is said to have promised that if at the end of six months he failed to give satisfaction he would surrender the position. He was waited on by a deputation a day or two ago and re minded of this promise, but he said he did not recollect it, and even if he did make tne promise he had no intention of keeping it. At Stephens Creek the works of the Broken Hill Water Supply Company are being pushed ahead with much vigor, but a long tune will yet elapse before the holding area is covered with water. The American Minstrels are having a smooth, but not particularly golden run at the Boyal. A male show does not draw strongly here. Without a few of the gentler sex the concern runs fiat. Football has caught on with all the young . fellows, and on Saturday afternoon the reserve was the scene of an interesting game between the South Australians and Broken Hills. The match resulted in a win for South Aus tralia. A number of publicans have been fined for selling liquor during prohibited hours on Sun days. This is now a different place from the Broken Hill of three or four years ago, and it will soon be just as difficult to get served here with the cup that cheers as it is in fair Adelaide. Some amusement has been caused in local mining circles by the statement made in a recent issue of London Truth that 'in the opinion of mining experts the rich veins from the Proprietary Company run through the five blocks of the Australian Broken Hill Consols Vjompany. _ ttwui seems to Know more than any Australian man or newspaper. It says Consol shares will see £10. So mote it be. A mere child named Deakin it at present in our lock-up under semtence of death for murder. He is visited occasionally by the Church of England minister and Mr. Badham, the police magistrate, but says very little as to his crime or punishment. It is understood, of course, that the sentence will be commuted to penal servitude, a punishment even worse than death to a child so young. At the Proprietary mine the latest develop ment is in tne form ot a ghost. During tne last few nights the surface hands have had their attention attracted to a huge shadowy form which flitted at intervals along the crest of the great ironstone outcrop, and the mys terious visitor struck terror to the hearts of Tnanv of the plucky fellows who gazed upon it. It was -endowed, they said, .with four legs and two enormous horns grew out from its head. The other night the 'ghost' was caught It turned out to be a goat. Mayor Morgan has returned from Sydney. He went down in connection with the proposed Cobar to Cockburn railway, and he looks as though he has had a good time. Felix Tanner, after changing his mind about a dozen times, has decided to go on with his 40 days' fast He has changed his quarters to a small building opposite the Commercial Hotel in Oxide-street, and offers for a wager to fast for 45 days. The people of Broken Hill does not appreciate a man Tvho Btarves to live. Socially Broken Hill is in a rather bad wayT A friend of mine is the proprietor of as snug a little business as there is in town. He loves solo whist and other card games and in order to make up a party the other evening he invited one of his assistants round to his private house. A couple of hours went by pleasantly and when ' the party broke up the assistant innocently pushed sixpence into his hand, remarking in a proud manner, ' There, that pays my share of the kerosine.' Joe Goddard says he is awfully pleased with the treatment he has always received in this city and that this would be the fairest field for some of the big knights of the fistic arena to meet in. With one exception, he declares, he has never fought but to win. The exception was the 10 round go with Owen Sullivan. He had the fight, be says, more to oblige ' Owen' than for any other reason. That was a funny thunderstorm which oc curred on Thursday. The clouds gathered, burst, and cleared away again before the people of the town could make up their minds as to what was happening. The whole thing was over in a few minutes, and then the sun shone out and the sky was as blue as if nothing had happened. There was not sufficient rain to wash the roofs of the houses aad make the gutters run. Mining speculators are always praying for rain and then when it -comes theypray thatitwillstay, but their prayers for many months past have been unavailing. Of ail the towns in the Avorld Broken Hul is about the worst off in more resj- ects than one. Year after year passes away and still it has no permanent water supply, and people still have to buy their water from the carters at per hun dred gallons. The Copley family were never meant to be parted by lightning. On Thursday morning an electric streak strong enough to light all Broken Hill for a few months to come banged in through the front window of Copley's house, staggered for a while round the parlor, where Mrs. Copley and her little ones were sitting, ? set fire to a few books which were lying on the table, pulled a few bricks from the inside of the chimney, dashed the baby from its mother's arms to the floor, tore the dress from a little girl aged four years, split her boots open, and rendered her and her brother aged nine years unconscious, and then went away apparently satisfied. No serious damage was done, but the youngsters were terribly frightened. To be pulled about with an awkward piece of fork Dr. Thompson attended the children soon after the occurrence, and they have now nearly re covered from the shock. Townspeople are getting just about tired of holidays. It Is seldom that a week passes without some holiday being gazetted to break the routine of a fellow's business. Assistants have a half -holiday every Wednesday,- and on the anniversary of every trivial event a public holiday ij proclaimed in that Government organ which seems to have the power to do anything. 'Business proprietors are thinking of forming a society, the object of which will be to get at least four days' work from their employes each week. The Town Hall is rapidly approaching com pletion and the opening ceremony will shortly take place. There is some speculation .as to who will perform it. A Governor is the popular desire, but nobody seems to know when the streets of the silver city will be trodden by viceregal feet. The post-office, which was started- at about the same time as the Town Hall and is a much smaller building, is no nearer completion than it was several months ago. The local postmaster on being asked by his department when the new build ing wonld be ready for occupation replied — ' At the present rate in about three years.' When the Barrier champion went into the ring on Monday night to knock Billy McCarthy out in 12 rounds he was received with cheers, for he has given some really good shows here and made many friends. Little McCarthy also was loudly cheered, but tiie idea of matching two such men struck every body at once as being absurd. The fight was all over in six rounds, and beyond the dogged pluck shown by the lighter man it was de eidedlyuninteresting. Goddard took things very quietly. He could afford to. When McCarthy, beaten and bleeding, pulled himself up off the floor after being felled by one of Goddaxd's terrible blows, and stood half blinded before his antagonist and ready to receive the finish ing blow, Goddard stood still and would not give it. McCarthy was then taken off by his seconds. Both men were heartily applauded, and Goddard received a few groans from a half-dozen men who had lost money on the fight. A fairer fight was never fought, and few more unevenly matched men have ever met on local boards. The census just completed has shown that ? Broken Hill during the last half-dozen years has been the most progressive town in all Australia. The Broken Hiji mines, directly or indirectly, are now supporting a local popula tion of over 25,000. The town has an area of 25 square miles, and at the present rate of progression every building block will soon be occupied. Mr. Reg Pel], one of the most popular of s}:ortKmen and fairest of referees, has been ap pointed coroner for this district. He was toafcted the other evening after the purse had been paid over to the winner of tha tight, and in reply he said he did not think the offices of coroner and referee would ran very well in double harness. There was always a possi bility of a fight ending fatally, and it would scarcely do for him to referee a fight at which a man was killed and then ' sit ' on his body. A grim subject to talk about at a settling up. Reg says that on special occasions he does not think he will be able to resist going into the ring as referee. 