SOCIAL GOSSIP. [By a Lady Correspondent.] Iionaon, duly 2. How quickly the season rushes by. Here >s July, Ascot over, State entertainments nearly got through, Academy soiree over, 'Varsity match at Lord's over, Henley and Eton ana Harrow match close at hand, and then the general exodus once more. To be sure the visit of the German Emperor will galvanize July into gaiety this year, arid, it may be hoped, bring to a triumphant and unhoped-for close the "dullest season on recordDut up to now my prophecies of three or four months back as to the probable gloominess of the year's social prospects have been fully justified. It is as was feared—the baocarat scandal has ruined the season of 1891. I will not recur to it, how ever, feeling rather like the Irishman on his trial for stealing a quadrant, who, on being asked what he had to say in his own defence, replied, " Well, yer Honor, 'tis absdbusiness, and the less we say about it the better." Pleasanter to turn and chronicle that great triennial musical event of the Handel Festival, which each time of recurrence seems to grow more perfeot in detail, more impressive in general effect. The passion for Handel's music is a part of our national character: nor, as far as I know, is it shared by any other country. The Germans, albeit appreciating Handel, would certainly hesitate before organizing a festival on such a Titanic scale in his exclusive honour; and music lovers of other nations, while admitting his greatness, are apt to avow they find him dulL There may be a grain of truth in the accusation, but on the muBic-loving part of the English people he never seems to pall; the appreciation of his music among us is, in truth, an inherited tradition, and it is only to be wished that our reverence for Handel had more largely leavened and inspired our own musical creations; for of a truth he is a noble model to follow; a little restrained, a little oblivious of some sides of emotion and of passion, of those subtler Bhades of feeling which are expressed for us by other composers. But how stately, how spacious, how sano! How akin to the sunlight, the wide sky, the ample ether! What gracious harmonies, what lovely melody, what serene large-phrased sequences of majestic music have been be queathed for our inheritance by that great and simple musician, " ours by adoption. For me this year I eschewed the two great oratorios, the "Messiah" and "Israel in Egypt," and took my fill of Handel on the "selection" day, nor did I regret my ohoice. The hnge Crystal Palace was looking its best and brightest in the June sunlight, and I own 'tis a place for which I have an old and deep-rooted affection dating from ohildhood's days, when a long day spent there from morn —not till dewy eve, but till the summer twilight had darkened sufficiently to allow the great fireworks to break forth in their myriad splendour—was one of the supreme blisses of life to me, as to many other London-bred children of my generation. I take my pleasure more soberly now, but even as the scent of flower or fruit may oonjure up bygone scenes, so, for me, the Crystal Palace's long vistas of glittering aisles, white statues, and towering palms and clinging fantastic veiling wreaths of creepers, when once more visited on a fine summer day, always bring back something of the old glad freedom, the uplifting of spirits, the holiday sense, in short, which comes to us more rarely in later life, and which is therefore the more delicious. I should not be egotistical enough to record my personal feelings in this fashion were it not that I believe they are shared by I many people, enough in number to explain the curious personal affection for the Crystal Palace which seems to be felt by most classes of society, which no other building of its kind has ever been able to inspire, and the want of which has prevented its rivals from achieving success. The reason of this is not far to seek. The history and traditions of the Crystal Palace cannot be shared by any imitation, for, after all, it is the marvellous in spiration which, springing up in Hyde Park in 1851, and enshrining within it the treasures of the world's art and industry, was a world's' wonder and raree show, and marked a new era in our development in art and scienoe. The Great Exhibition of 1851 may now be depre ciated, but its results cannot be denied, nor can they be estimated—they are too far reach ing for that. Read Thackeray's most noble ode en May Day, 1851, to see how deeply the opening of that mighty edifice could touch the finest spirits of the time to fine issues; and all this is blent in the national feeling for the original building, shorn now of something of its pristine splendour, but still a noble palace of pleasure —a delightful holiday house to mil lions—at its transplanted Bite upon the Nor wood Hills. I meant to write about the Handel Festival, and have chiefiy dilated on its fane, but there is some excuse, for where else oould this leviathan of choral concourses find room ? The great Handel Orchestra, with its ohorus num bering 2,500 and its band of over 400, alt seated under the shadow of the huge organ, is a thing never to be forgotten; but more memorable is thei absolute unity of impression into whioh thiB great mass of instruments and human voices has learnt to blend, under the command of the nervous, wiry, energetio little figure with the keen faoe, pointed beard, and long white hair, August Manns, most admirable and enthusiastic of musicians and conductors, to whom, together with bis old ohief, Sir George Grove, and theMeBsra. CbappeU, with their incomparable popular concerts, is chiefly due the wonderful advancement of love of music and appreciative listening thereunto which England has exjicrienced during the last thirty years. One remarkable prooi of how things musical have changed among us, in the last decade even, was the appearance of seven or eight young ladies among the violins and violas in the orchestra at this year's Festival, an innovation justified fully by their; earnest workmanlike playing, and which had a charm of its own, if only for the change it showed. As regards public feeling, every one must have felt that the slim graceful figures, in their gay spring gowns, gave a breath as j of the oolour and perfume of summer flowers to the mass of blaok. coats and white I collars otherwise composing, the . orohestra ; miu but this would have been futile had not the grave interitness and absorbed musioianly j earnestness of the players shown that their place among their male comrades was a worthy { one worthily earned. The choruses are the real ration d'Stre of a Handel Festival With the soloists it is always a case of the audience emulating the Mar chioness in the "Old Curiosity Shop" as regards the ardent qualities of orange-peel and water and "making believe verymuoh." ' The. finest, clearest, most penetrative individual human organ must be to a great extent j wasted on that vast area. All one oan do is to imagine how it would sound in a room. But this very immensity j of the space to be filled softens and fuBes the vocal weight of the choruses supported by the orchestra into one magnificent whole. I never heard anything in its way like the chorus " Wretched Lovers" from " Acis and Galatea," as sung last week at Norwood. Forgive my quoting Dickens again, but the only apt description is the eulogy of Mr, Lilliviok anent Miss Petowker's acting, "delioious, absorbing, fairy- hke, tumultuous." The Royal Academy Soiree was the same night as the "seleotion" day of. the Handel Festival, and the two united made a severe toil of pleasure^ but the Royal Academy's annual entertainment was this year a very pleasant one, not such a mob as it has too often proved of late years.- Sir Henry Layard waa, perhaps, the lion of the evening, but he de parted early for Lady Salisbury's reception at the Foreign Office. Beauties were very scarce; it is curious how like they are to roses, and how while one BUinmer is Bplendid with their fairness, another June will be almost barren thereof. I must leave it to statisticians to explain the reason why; they can explain everything. This year will witness a great event in the annals of cricket and amateur play acting— The jubilee of the Canterbury week, which was established just fifty years ago. Boms of the members of the Zingari and Old Stagers' Clubs, the Dioscuri, or more rightly, the Siamese Twins, of the Canterbury week, who presided over their foundation, are still not only alive, but able and eager to take a foremost place among their younger comrades on the well-loved boards of the Can terbury Theatre; even though on the oncket ground they may have had long ago to yield their accustomed place, and be content with the r61e of Priam and the elders, or watohing the fight from the Zingari tent. I will not dwell too long on the probable aspeots of the coming jubilee, as I shall nope to be there and record it for your bene fit, and the Canterbury cricket week is always worth describing. It is always fine weather then—I never remember its being wet—but ah»it omen, it is always jolly, and "evety burgher in the town hath donned his whitest gown," which, being interpreted, is every crickoter has arrayed himself in his freshest flannels, and every lady, resident or visitor, hath pranked her in her best array. No woman worthy her Bait would attempt to wear gowns whoBe freBhneBB has been destroyed by the London season on the Canterbury field in the first week of August. The fraud would beat once discovered, and expose the wearer to just and severe contempt. Honour where honour is due, and all honour is due to the yearly oar nival of our national game in the brave and beautiful old City of Lthelbert. This year it is ruir.cure# that f!»e es-eaptain of the Kent [ Eleven (Lord Harris) feels so deeply the importance of the event that he will probably manage to quit his gubernatorial duties at Bombay, and come over to help his old county in her tourney on the ground where he has so often drunk delight of battle with hiB peers. I shall not wonder if he does; and he was so well-beloved a captain that his presence will make the ocoasion better itself. There is a sad side in the celebration of any jubilee; the gladness at meeting the old fami liar faces left must always be touohed with the pathos of the thought of those that have pasesd away. Canterbury Orioket Ground this Au gust will be full of ghostB. The blaok in the Zingaris' well-known triple band of oolour will stand for mourning for many missed from their old haunts; but the ghosts will be gentle and kindly memories, and with all gravity and reverence those gathered together once more on the level green may imagine their old com rades' spirits bearing them company, and " though in silence wishing joy." j 