THE FIRST DEATH. (from the french.) Farlede was a little village of four or five hundred inhabitants between Amiens and Abbeville. Sad in autumn, gay in spring time, calm, silent, stretched along a wide road, its houses low, with roofe black and pointed, surrounded by swampv meadowB and crowned by a forest of oaks, it was a counter part of all the other tillages of -Picardy. Yes, it was a counterpart, even to the coquettish chateau, its walls of red brick, its window- casings of white stone, that is alwavs part and parcel of a Picardian landscape, and as it stands a thousand metres, more or less, from the outskirts of those tiny provincial hamlets. La Farlede, at the moment this story opens, was in a hubbub of excitement, for a cemetery, their own individual burying-ground, had been achieved at last. The municipal council, which had so long hoarded the funds drawn from the ratepayers for the purpose, had finally seen fit to purchase an ancient field, to wall it in. and to consecrate it to the well- merited repose of the people of the country ; " and on and after the 1st November, IS—," so the announcement read, " the cemetery now definitely enclosed would be ready for the reception of its guests." Naturally enough, everyone gossipped and jested with his neighbour on the subject of the " elect" who would point out the road to his compatriots, hut the hubbub increased to a positive riot when simultaneously with the con clusion of the ceremonies that made of the ancient field a " Gottsaker," handbills appeared on all the walls, including the Maire's, to the following effect: " Whereas, being sound of mind and sound of body, I hereby declare that in order to soothe and sweeten the last moments of him or of her who will be the first to inaugurate the new cemetery, I have placed in the hands of the Maire of La- Farlede the sum of ten thousand francs, to he delivered to the family of the first inhabitant who departs for another and perhaps a better world, on and after this the day of opening, November 1, 18 — ," " In witness whereof, signed and sealed by myself, " Jean Bitumixeux." In other words, the proprietor of the chateau already described, formerly a Bohemian of the urtellerB of the Boulevard Ciinchy, and en riched by the decease of an aunt who, at the final moment, had consented to accord him her forgiveness for the profession he had chosen, and to leave him the inheritor of a goodly estate. In the days of his youth an incorrigible joker, he still at rimes, as in the matter of his hand bill, indulged in the 6ame propensity. The statement of the placard was true, however, and in the twinkling of an eye the news was all over the village. Groups of people congregated before the bills to read for themselves, while others, more incredulous, ran to the Maire to ask for confirmation of the same. "The fact is exactly as given," he responded, promptly ; " there is no mistake about it. The money is in my hands, and will so remain," etc.. etc. Tlie announcement thus officially vouched for, everyone joyously returned to his home to begin at once the calculation of his chances— to take stock, as it were, of those belonging to him, and to estimate their average longevity. It goes without Baying that those of the inha bitants fortunate enough to have sick or very aged relatives wero filled with triumph, though, of course, thev triumphed secretly and in silence, whilst the. others — those whose families were sound and healthy — were forced to com fort themselves with the forlorn hope of an acci dent, an unexpected seizure, or insidious draughts of air. "Such-and-such a one's taking-off," they recalled. " had been extremely sudden ; So-and- so's trifling illness fatal ; unlooked-for deaths were always occurring," and those thousand tantalising pistoles danced a saraband in their dreams even when they fell asleep. As for the Maire, poor man, life had become a burden to him because of the hourly deputa tions and avalanche of queues to which he was forced to listen. " Must they be of the village ?" they besought him anxiously, " or was it sufficient to be a member of the parish ? Did children oount, or relatives by marriage, or those whom death might take by violence ?" — queries that plainly betrayed the villagers' anguish of mind and hugely amused the domitor. It is not every day, ns you know, that people give up the ghost in villages, and a whole week passed by after the opening of the cemetery without an event cf the kind occurring. Stiil the brains of tlie people continued to he over excited, and every one, from baker to butcher, from curate to husbandman. laid off work from time to rime to measure with his eye, or calcu late mentally, the additional goods or farming ground purchasable with the money — only the caii'-s were busier than ever. Bv the end of the week the story of the hand bills had become an old one, but by no raeaii6 a less absorbing one, though the villagers no longer lowered their eyes or voices when dis cussing the matter, and openly footed up the chances. The family of a certain La Poireaux by common consent had settled it that they were to he the fortunate inheritors, for had they not among them, this family La Poireaux. an old wreck from Trafalgar, living by force of habit alone — a wheezy, yellow, dried-up old mummy, whom twice a day they carried to the door to bask in the sunshine, aud whose demise had long been expected. "But sometimes these aged ones live for ever," objected a malicious listener, " and this one shows no more 6igns of dying than he has done for six months past." "All the same," added Rnother, "it is the family La Poireaux whom the Maire has his eye upon." Nevertheless, despite tho anguish of desire that had seized upon all in the race for this money, La Farlede possessed no assassin. It was true Lhat the ailing and very aged had become a centre of interest to every one iu the family, for they would lie able, if accommo dating, to leave behind thein a snug little sura, yet no oue dreamed of accelerating their departure. In the households of the less-happily placed the interest was equally absorbing — a harsh cough, a laboured breathing bringing the ear upon the alert in an instant. Coughs and difficult breathings were harbingers of inflam mation of the lungs, and inflammation of the lungs, as every one knew, took its victim quickly. If another one had a red face or an indigestion they awaited apoplexy, and a child who had been an invalid from birth, and began to recover from the moment of the proclama tion, was cut off with a shilling in the will of an indignant aunt, whose heir it had previously been. The en' ire village at the expiration of this same week was pale and emaciated. Even those who had scoffed the loudest at this wailing for dead men's shoes no longer slept tranquilly; drunkards drank twice as much as they had drunk before : the avaricious cursed in secret ; while the sick, on tbo contrary, the only ones who objected to this fashion of ring ing the bell, seemed to vie with each other in tho haste of their recovery. On the morning of the 10th of November, however, a hell, or rather a knell, did ring out, instead of the morning Angelus, and the people, falling over each other in the darkness, and railing at fate, precipitated themselves towards the church to learn who had won. Alas, arrived there, breathless and panting, it was only to find that the beadle (as usual), full as a thrush, more dazed than ever from brood ing upon the promises of the placard, and thinking of nothing but death, had rung with out reason. Truly it was time this business should end, or they would all bo as mad as the beadle. Ah, well, there lived at this time in La Farlede a poor and unfortunate peasant, married, the father of two little helpless babies, mid with whom nothing had ever succeeded. Though scarcely past his fortieth year, he had run through every country of the world, to return at last, vanquished, to his native village. He was a good fellow, gentle, affectionate, dreamy, and inoffensive, but he was unable to gain a living for himself or family ill a country where the struggle with the earfll-Was hard and endless. His slender frame' took badly to the labour of the fields. «nd he possessed no. other, resources. M'serv and want eiioom-. passed theihonseliold. and" each evening before . tlielsmoking cinders the wife cried 111 undress ing the children, and he. tortured «uidr'qowei| by a sense of", weakness' and ' failure,- writhed. i» secret. . . . w' .., ' Trie placard of the painter Bitumineux had- made upon him, as upon the .-rest of them, a deep iinpression. Nay,, more than t bat.. >t; had, given him nn idpa.What- if Tie should be the one to leave ten thousand francs to his wretched family £ It would lift them above want for ev.er ; they would be able with the 'money to purchase at Abbeville, perhaps, a haberdashery —perhaps a more pretentious shop. His wife was intelligent, industrious — she would surely prosper at.the business. He saw them 11 Irea ily , these deprived ones, secure of the necessities 'ha had been unable to give them, the liov later on employed in a bank, the girl married to a com mis scire. That evening he embraced them and held them upon his breast longer than usual, mur muring as he watched them laid upon their scanty straw. _i!JLgilLdait=J_miiat-do it it i. " i >g of the placard, and born of misery and shame, was suicide. For him it was the re habilitation of all his disastrous enterprises, the atonement for the sorrow that he brought upon his family. But, oh, the agony of parting from these beings so tenderly loved, whose wel fare and happiness he could secure at lost, but secure only by one means ! He went out to walk for a while in the em browned fields, the yellowed forest, but the rustling of the dead leaves that his foot pushed aside sounded to him like the rustling of a shroud ; sobs burst from his anguished breast as he regarded the wide heavens, the valley full of shadows, and the little village that held his all. For a long time he hesitated. Perhaps chance would deliver Liin — perhaps it would not be necessary to take bis life in order that they might live, that they might have fire upon the darkened hearthstone, and bread in the empty cupboard. Long ago he had assured himself by talking with a neighbour, who had questioned Maire, that suicides would count in this unreal play. Of course he must kill him self — to wait longer was to permit the chance that as yet was his to he grasped by another. He took his gun, climbed the hillside that overlooked the village, and fixed his eyes upon the dilapidated roof that did not even shelter his wife and little onc-s. The next morning, when they found his body — a wood- cutter passing through the forest had seen it, and spread the news — the crowds cursed it, and threw stones at the corpse of the poor hero. The women sought to Bpit in his face ; while the town council itself waited upon M. Bitumineux to demand of him that the money should not he paid to the family of such a trickster. The painter responded by adding ten thou sand more to the first ten thousand, and charging himself for ever after with the care of the widow and her children. "It was my fault," he told himself, deeply moved by the tragedy — "my fault, and hut for ine the thing would never have happened." The Maire alone and the gendarmes, whom it had been necessary to call upon before the body of the martyr could be laid in the ground, fol lowed it to its last resting-place, and that same day " the old wreck from Trafalgar" and two beside him passed to their last account. The memory of the suicide is still cursed throughout the whole of Picardy, and upon his tomb one reads the inscription (cut there by a cunning but sacrilegious hand during the dark ness of the night after the interment) : — The ditch of the thief. 