LEHERS TO THE EDITOR. BAPTISM. Sib,— Will you allow me Bpaoe in yonr valuable columns no reply in a few wordi to your corremjondsnt 'Mode.' It would be well to remind him that with regard to the word ' baptizo,' it ia not a quHBtioa of local interpretation, as ho s^ema to infnr when he says 'he baiiea his view on the Greflk word 'baptizo,' which he sayi means to immerse.' Obapa 'b not alnne in bis interpretation. Hia rendering of the word in unbubantiatJed by the finest of Greek 'cholare of the laet three huDdre'i yearn. Wq find Henricua Stiephanna, an early aR 1572, writing, 'Baptizo— to dip, immerse, as we unmerae things for the par pose 01 ooiorint; or waaning ; to merge, sub tnerKe, to cover with water.' Professor Stuart says it moans ' to dip, plunfpi, or im merge into any liquid,' and addi, ' all lericoffrapbers and critics of any note are agreed in this.' Dr. Anthon, odb of the bert dufttnl echoltra of America, writet :— *' Baptizo — The primary meaning of the word is to dip, or immerse; and lto neoondary meanings, if it ever had any, all refer to the flame leading idea; sprinkling, pouring, etc., »re entirely out of the question.' With regard to the Haven terms used in Dr. Oonant'e definition, wa shonld suppose that any one with average intellectual capacity, or even opportunity for consultirg a dictionary, would at once see that m every case the word ised erpresses tbe same thing, and in the concrete *' to biptise' use the whole seven ex pressionii and you havej the Scriptural idea of baptinm. Such eminent Authorities in the Greek tanguaiTft as Abu, Butterworth. Ewing. Lid dell, ard Scott, Bobinson, Dr. Younc:, Boyafter, Dunbar, Donnegui, Wealey, ParkhnrsL RobcrtBon, Stokina, Prof. Shannon, Wrurfit, and Wt'BOD, besiden very many others of un doubted celebrity all share in J. Chaps' clear rendering of a single word. We are nnti ashamed to stand with tuch men in their interpretation of the word of God, and the time has yet to come when the iligiitert sunaorisv ow uh ioudu iof Bpnnnmng nnoon* ecious infants. The contention has never been refuted that nowhere throughout the Sacred Book can there bo found a text to justify the act. — Yours, etc, Battist. Iiaunceston. March 21. Sib,— 'Mode,' writing in your issue of Saturday morning under tbe above head ing, professes to be hindered in hi* taaroh after truth by the contradictory BtatemnnU ol Bsptist teachers, and ha proceeds to illustrate by quotiDg three of their leaden thus :— ' J. Chaps says— * Baptism in immersion, and sprinkling is not OhriatUn baptinnj Oaniot Bay*'— My position is that it (the Greek word baptizo) always signifies to dip, etc. Dr. Conant say* — It (baptizo) means to tmmene, immerge ; submerge, to dip, to plnnge, to bathe, to whelm.' ' And then, as though these three had flatly contradicted each other, 'Mode' exclaims— ' No w which of these three Bapli-t writers are we ta follow 7' and ' Baptists differ as to the meaning of the word baptizo.' Does *' Modn' really think thiB, or U be only trying to make tbe simple btdieve io by inferring that contradictions exist whari there is perfect unanimity. If 'Mode' will call upon onti of onr school teuben, or otunlt a good dicHooary t.a to the various meaningi of the words cited, either wUl furdViir Baluty him ; that when Ohaps saya 'Bftp^omBMufaMttertlon/he does not looa- torifetOhnon, who says (/i6 means to dip, h either word- oonveythe same een-w, ibbb mnoh m that whioh is ainped « immenad, «od fcb.t which « immar.edu dipped. Nor does Oonont conkradict either when lie deniw with wveof old force the traditionril lie that ?pnnk- plains as follows ;— ' Immersed— Bnried, covared, aunk deep, to immerse, to put nnder water, to sink or oover deep.' '?To Immerge— To jrot under water.' 'Bntimerge — v.t. To put nnder nUtt, plnnre, to ootoi or overflow with water ; «i-, To plnnge as into water or other 'Dip— To immerse in a fluid and withdraw again.' ' PlntiiM—nVi Ihmhh in & Anid _' ntc 'Bathe— v.t. To wash by immeraion. v,u, % be or lie u a bath, to immerse.' ' Whelm-To oovar with water or other fluid, *o oover completely ; immerse deeply.' . is Basse men wbo aampile onr ajcslPDanps know anything about the meaning of woris, when, I ask. are the alleged contradictions ? That the word ' baptizo ' meui wbat the nnaniuons evidenoa of theae three wttneaBea affirm, is evident from ita nre amongst the ancient writers, who invariably used it in tbie flense, disprove my statement) who can. In the Odyssey, when speaVing of tbe mode of tempnring the red hot eteeC this aame word is nsedTihe steel waa baptised in tha water, it «aa sprinkled? ^aohylns, spealdng of the prooaas by which doth was dyed, tised It airiin. The oloth wai baptised in the dye. waa it sprinkled' ? Tbeooritns epeaking of vessels used ia draw ing water, naea the flame word. Tbe vessels were baptnaed in the well, were they sprinkled T Euripides Bays vessels nasd to lift water ont of the sea were ' baptized in tbe sea.' Would anyone be likely to tbidfc they wen sprinkled ! Af»j now for something wb nndenliftnd. Plutarch upeaki of a man when 'over head uid ears in debt' ai being ' baptized in debt/' are we sprinkled with debts when over ** h*ad andean?' And bo proofs could be multiplied, but ipaoe will not permit; but with these facts before us ia it nob stooge that bo many are wekiog to attach an entirely foreign mean ing to this word* as f onnd 80 times in our New Testament, and, with two exceptions. left un translated, and then translated * Washing ?' What an interesting book the New IVt-tmeut would be had tbe translators adopted this oonna with all the other words? Why did they art tnwulate it ? Because to bare done so would have exposed the fallacy of man's traditions and common oastom, and this they were not prepared to do. It may not be gene rally known, but the fact remains that the utrarau. oi imgiana teaones mat baptism should be by immersion, while it permits sprinkling to those who are too weak to be immersed. ' He shall dip it (tbe child) in the water ' is a quotation from tbe book of Oom mon Prayer, and yefa there are those who are quite latufied that the Prayer-book is ortho dox, while they are unwilling to believe they have never been baptized in God's way, but the fact remains, and Our Lord it still saying to those -vho are satisfied with man's tradi tions — ** Ye make void the law by your tradi tions '—and to thone who are trying to quieten Lord, Lird, and do not the things that I say '2— Tours, etc., SciuFrimAi. Mode. March ZL . SiE.— I cannot resist) the temptation to fol low suit with your correspondent ' Mode' (Saturday), to have a friendly shot at J. Chips or the ' TabBrnaclB Evaturel,' ai he lay* him self so invitingly open. He asserts poaitivply, without qualification, that the word ' baptizi' asnsed in th« New Testament, invariably and without exception signifies to immersn. AmongBt our Lord's last words to his di'cip'ei he said, ?' John verily baptised with water, but ye shall be baptised with the Holy Ghost not many days hence.' (No mistaking the analngy here.) Now, when this promise came to be fulfilled, it ib stated, ' They were filled with th« Holy Ghost.' According to this, then, if we are to employ the term njridly as to mode our friends tbe Baptists are all wrong. Instead of immersing their candidates in the water, they ought to fill them with water. Moral.— Whilst we have a right to enjoy our ovn opinions let ns oharitably allow that otben may be right as well as we. t think if the mere mode were essential to nalvation, the Holy Spirit would not have left it so indefinite ia that professing Ohristtans should find an excuse foe squabbling over it— Tours, etc, Ohbistiaw Ohabitt. Sib,— In my letter dated 20th March I asked come one of the Baptists to settle some points. Pastor Clarke bae replied, bob be ban not settled tbem. I gave definitions of the Greek word baptizo, by three Baptists, and asked which one of the three we should follow. Mr Clarke does not say which one. He gives a definition of bis own, and I Buppntte thin meais that he wants nn to follow him and give np the others. In one of the definitions there a^e seven principal words, aad I asked if any one of the seven determined the one mode eBsentml tounnstian Daomsm, wmononeisit ; Mr Clarke does sot say whiob one. Again 1 asirad which one of seven words, correipoudiog to Dr. Conant'a seven principal ones, expresses what is effeoted in baptism? Mr Clarke doe* not say which one, I also asked if the whole seven are required to express it. There ii no definite answer given to tbis question by the author of the reply. He tells us what ' might be said,' but he is careful not to say it. 'What mieht be said' does not settle much. As tb* points raised by me hove not been settled, I submit them atpuo. Mr Clarke pairs out words from dictionaries so freely that one would think be has taken to pouring an well as dipping. Booh an effusion serves to divert attention from the points at issue, but they will not be lost sight of for all that. We are faronti with the statement that itooinson ' tuners irom mode a opinion' as to the meaning of baplizo. I reply (I) that I did not give my opinion, and that, therefore, Mr Clark* was not in a position to say that Bobin son differs from me ; (2) that Robinson dora not differ from me : and (S) that he differs from Mr Clarke. The latter puts dip into his defi nition, and Bobionon does not. Mr Olarke'a definition of baptizo ii /'to dip, immerse.' Canon, long eonaiderad the champion of tbe Baptists, says it mean* ' dip, and nothins bat dip;' Chaps says it means 'immerse,' and Oonant uses seven words to define it. I now atik Mr Clarke if he holds that tha verb dip U di^renb in meaning from the verb immerse ; or, if he holds that and can be always properly used interchange ably. These are plain questions, and can be very plainly answered. He tells us 'the Greeks bad a language capable of expressing every thade of thought, and every variety of act The writers of the New Testament were at no loss for words to indicate exactly wha' they wiihed to convey.' This being bo, I remark that the New Testament word baptizo must have an exact meaning. If uhero is exactness in it, bow comes it that Clarke differs from Carson, Chaps, Oonant, and ivoDinBon in aenntiuf it, ana cnat all theoe differ from aacb other? lam represented aa saying absolutely what I said only con ditionally. that ' a bernon merely im mersed has experienced only about half of what the word baptizo demands. This statement is subject to the condition that Dr. Oonant's definition is correct, bnt Mr Clarke does not give this condition, and bo diitorU what I aaid. He has settled nothing br his letter, though he is very dogmatic It is worthy of netioe that he is dogmatic as to Baptist practice in reply to aooording to Baptist principle*. Has he not much faith in the principles when he takes his eland on tbe practice? He asks one impor tant question, namely, ' Why is it that the Apostles should confine themselves to the use of the one word to describe the act of baptism V I shall not at present attempt to diacms the points raised by this question, as it would make this letter too long ; but if space be kindly granted to me I shall do it in the near future. Tbe chief end I have in view in writing this letter is to keep essential points in view, and t--have definitions settled as folly as possible.— Yours, etc., March 24. M0Dt 