Railway Belies in the Patents Museum at South Kensington, A recent visitor to the Patents Museum at South Kensington — by the way, not one of the most largely frequented free exhibitions in the British metropolis — says a stroll through its rather deserted corridors ' is not vrithout interest in the conven tional sense, but one should be somewhat steeped in Smilesian lore to read the romance of these stranded relics aright. It is not given to ordinary spirits to extract a very romantic tale out of the iifiriod of nifip-hanical urntrrfiRs that England — and following her the world — started on with the acces sion of the third oi' the Georges. One must have brooded deeply over the technical simplicity of our forefathers, the slow awakening of the giant prime mover from his pristine sloth, and of early struggles to tame the forces of nature into prosaic useful ness. But ' with our torches of knowledge everywhere brandishing themselves ' in the wider fields of action open to us nearly a century later, there is room for a little uncom mercial retrospect over the past. It is fairly open to argument whether the story of steam and the metals, intertwining the lives oi' Aikwright, Watt, Stephenson, and the Brunels, does not contain in cidents and developments as vivid and wonderful as everything recounted of the days of chivalry and romance if viewed from the proper standpoint. We ought at least to be thankful that the enthu siasm of men like the late Mr. Bennett Woodcroffc has saved from the limbo of neglect many relics that connect us with an era which saw the founda tions of British prosperity hud down. Otherwise must their fate have been ultimate consignment to the ' scrap heap ' — the charnel-house of mechanism — leaving no story to tell, as they do now, to the antiquarian of engineering. They are now impounded in the treasure houses of the nation to whom they do honour, mute witnesses of the ' stress and struggle ' of earlier days, when mechanical science gave birth in its young vigour to heroic sons of Vulcan — doughty men of craft, who knew the joy that lies in the cunning of a man's right hand and shaped the infant science of engineering into what we find it to-day ? We have the old ' Lap Engine ' from Soho Foundry ; the corjms vilum of Watt's multitudinous experiments, when the mar vellous Scotchman was groping for truths which are the common property of every engineer's ap prentice to-day. One should look at his own exquisite models in brass here scattered around. We may then understand the gulf fixed between the ideals that haunted him and the possibilities allowed in those germinating days, when the highest achievements of mechanism ' in the great ' were the blacksmith's. The lumbering ' sun-and-planet' gear, instead of the obviously appropriate crank, appeals against a species of scoundrelism which our eighteenth century patent laws could shelter. The crank, as a means of converting straight line motion iato circular, was about as fresh and novel an idea as the cross bow ; every needy knife grinder used it. Neverfcheles3, the Patent Office, in its sublime wisdom (and, perhaps we may add, anxiety for fees), suffered a man named Was borough to patent it with the avowed object of foiling Watt, just at the moment that steam was about to put its first flywheel into motion. This was in days when Handsworth was the scene of pleasant country life, and the foundry-men at Soho used to gossip round the kitchen fire at the Coach and Horses, unsuspicious of pry ing strangers whose ears were wide awake for every hint of the doings at ' Boulton and Watt's.' Cornwall saw much of the earlier romance of the steam engine. It was last century a wild and barbarous territory, inhabited by savage tribes of miners ; greedy ' adventurers' were there, whose lonely mines had given up the ghost of profit. Watt's engine, Perseus like, came to rescue the Andromedan ore which was encompassed about by a watery dragon. TTia letters from the wild west are curious reading — the most extra ordinary alternations of triumph and despair. We get a glimpse of honest and faithful William Murdoch — unrequited father of gas-lighting — tearing about the moors from WLeal Fortune to Polgooth, from Tingtan to Chacewater, keeping the shaky pumping monster aright ; frightening the good village i arson with his model locomotive sent hissing through the night ; all this, years before the Sixteenth Louis appeared headless at the gate of St. Peter. Memories of Tre, PoL and Pen raise the ghost of Trevethick — unballasted genius — from amidst his own mechani cal wreckage that looms in the other end of the gallery. 'He dared to use high pressure steam.' On his well-nigh forgntron tomlj we could inscribe no more telling epitaph. The romance of railway infuncy hangs around the battered * Rocket, Vfiilcnt and restful now. no longer snorting out a challenge to its clumsier rival 'Sans Pareil,' as it did on Rainhill Plain, those mellow October days of 1829, fateful in their import to the future course of his tory. It has panted with its hist puff to the nor thern air, and now ' after life's fitful fever ' sleeps well in the quiet catacombs of Kensington. If it had but a tongue to yield to the inter viewer we should hear something of exciting times in the ' forties,' of the eager race to weave the iron net over England's face, what time Great George-street and committee rooms at Westminster were the temporary brain seat of the nation ; the railway-making era when brawny aimed labour was burrowing and furrowing in clever lines aud curves under the young spring foliage, through the long, lazy noon of summer, and as the smoky mists of autumn crept across Chat Moss. The grotesque 'Puffing Billy' and hob -nailed ' Agenoria ' are here, and, close at hand, Cramp - ton's model of Great Exhibition fame — the lono wotive that, was t« revolutionise travelling, but, somehow or other, did not. Even in 18.V2 they tidked of revolutionising that which '20 years before was itself a revolution.' 