FLIGHTS AND DAKTS. For the past two weeks Mr. Sniggers has behaved in a very peculiar and extra ordinary manner. With dejected appear ance and crest-fallen look, silent in speech. and untidy apparel, he has been mooning about like the ghost of his former self. Even "Arrow/' his bosom friend, has not been allowed to share his silent sorrow by any speaking reference as to the cause of his sad and mournful appearance. He apparently had been writing to the news papers on the matter, for, when I accidently darted upon him the other day, he anxiously inquired of me the correct way of spelling "editor," and I noticed he had three quart bottles of ink in his hands, a pen stuck in each ear, and a pile of envelopes and writing paper under his arm. This morn ing my curosity as to the meaning of his conduct was most agreeably and sur prisingly allayed. I again met him in the street. Lo and behold, he was arrayed in his Sunday rig out. Instead of that sad sorrowful-looking countenance already referred to, I was delighted at his happy looking facial expression. My first thoughts were that that somebody had left him a legacy, or that his old grandmother had at last succumbed, or something else had happened. I grasped his hand, delighted at once again greeting him as of yore, and welcomed him with— " Why this metamorphosis, Snig. ? Has it come at last ?" " Come! Of course it has. Don't you see the flags a' flying?" excitedly replied Sniggers. " What/' said I, " you surely don't mean to tell me that you are making a public rejoicing over such an event! "Listen, old fellow. Fvebeen writing to the papers all the week about it. I've pointed out the gross injustice of sending the affair out of the colony. I've—I've—-been going in for protection with a vengeance, especially on this matter, as you know. I'm dead against anything in the shape of free trade. " Stop," said I, "are yon mad ? What has protection and freetrade to do -with your little domestic affairs ?" " Domestic affair I" roared Sniggers; " why, I'm not alluding to that! If s the locomotives I mean. Don't you know Martin & Co. have got the tender for those engines, you silly old buffer, you! Ifs the increase of -work, the increase of "wages, which has come at last. For whatever benefits the master must, of course, benefit the man. Why, I wrote to them papers till the commissioners had to give in. It was them letters that did it, don't yer know! And that's, what the flags are flying for! And so they ought. Just fancy them commissioners wanting to send the work to England. Too save expense, too, as they say! Look here, sir, I'm not going to insult them now its settled, and I wouldn't like to impute any thing wrong to them, but its a dead cer tainty if they had their way it is not the interests of the colony they'd serve, but a foreign pocket would get the benefit." Just then the clock struck twelve, and loud hurrahs were heard proceeding from some hundreds of workmen and boys, especially from the latter. Sniggers immediately joined them. He afterwards told me in confidence that owing to the extra work and hands required a general increase of wages had taken place all round, even the boys were included. Upward and onward I darted, viewing from an extreme height the signs of approaching happiness and content, especially pleased that "one and all" would derive a benefit from this latest act of " Protective " Government, seconded by the endeavors of Mr. Sniggers, who will persist in maintaining it was all owing to his letters to the pi'ess on the matter that did it. The death is announced of Barry Sul livan, the accomplished actor. As a Shakespearian delineator there were few to compare with him in his day. He was a great favorite at the "Uoyal" in Melbourne about 1869. A splendid company supported him at that time, including Harwood, Stewart, Ireland, Mr. and Mrs. Bobfc. Heir, Greville, and many others who hare pre ceded him to the unknown regions. Out side the "legitimate" he was also clever. I remember well his production of the Irish drama, "Arrah-na-pogue" which introduced the song of " The Wearing of the Grreen." The Orangemen in Melbourne made a great ado about it, and crowds flocked to see Barry in the character of " Shaun." Times have altered since then, and the song is always greeted with applause from all classes. Mr. Kennedy -with his "Twa Hoars at Hame" has been delighting Gawier audiences and adding to tlie coffers of the local institute. Now, I don't "wish to reflect, but I cannot help noticing such matters as that to which I am about to allude. Some short time since there was a Cornish gathering in this same town. Everybody was invited and everybody went—by pay ing, of course. I think I am correct in saying that more than one-half were not Cornish at that gathering. Everyone enjoyed it—English, Scotch, and Irish. At Mr. Kennedy's Scottish entertainment I expected to see a good Cornish attendance, just out of a ** one and all" kind of feeling, you know. I was disappointed, however. It was not requisite for me to use my ten fingers wherewith to count up the familiar faces of our "cousins." Perhaps Sniggers and J are peculiar in our ideas. However that may be, we believe in genuine fraternity and returning compliments. You have since had the pleasure of Mr. Kennedy's entertainment, and I feel certain all true lovers of music will have appreciated it. Though neither Scotch or Cornish, there is something about those auld Scotch songs that enlivens and thrills one with delight. The manner in which Mr. Kennedy renders "The Land o* the Ijeal," and the words of the song itself, is enough to touch any sensitive breast, poetically-inclined or not. The man—Scotch or otherwise—who can read or listen to the production of Burns without a thrill must surely be daft, and I should say he is minus a souL The peculiar ideas of some electors are really amusing. There is old Brown. He gays he shall vote for A and Z. If you tell him he disfranchises himself by so doing, he can't see it. Tou tell him that his two candidates hold extreme opposite views—he won't see it. So with C and W. Some there are who say " those are my two men," and yet they are as opposite in their views as the old- fashioned Whig and Tory were. Tomkins gives Longface a vote because he preaches, and his next-door neighbor, whilst acknowledging the ability of Mr. Sweet berry and his superiority, declines to vote for him because he was once a parson and married a young couple or two. What in the name of Yankee Doodle has such paltry matters to do with a candidate's political opinions! Sniggers does not presume to dictate, but, at the same time, he wishes every elector to see the necessity of returning two candidates who hold similar opinions and are not at cross purposes with each other. 