ENGLAND t. NEW SOUTH WALEp. Enormous Attendances. v ENGLAND AGAIN VICTORIOUS. A Plucky Finish, ' .' Now South Walel Beaten, bat not Dligractil. Tbo members. of Lord Sheffield's team of English crlekotors arrivod by the southern oxpress on WeduoHday at noon. Tbo visitors wore received withoheorsatthoBodforn Station by a largo and fairly representative assemblage of drlckotcra and outbusiastio BupportorB of Iho gamo, including Mossrs. Juo. Portns, V. Cohon, C. W. Boal, P. Sheridan, S. U. FatrUud, nnd others. After tho usual kindly greetings and hearty hand-shaking bad boon gouo through, stops woro turnod towards tho drugs 'in waiting, supplied by Mosars, Barker and Ehaworth. Tho JBaitlishmou woro accompanied by Major Wardill, of the Mol bourno Cricket Club, but Lord Sheffield ' was au absented, ho having decided to travel by wator, and, as Mr. Teoco subsequently put it, 'prbforrod wnter to whisky.' Tho BriCiahors wore driven to tho Australia Hotol, where a formal woloomo was tendered them by tho Now South Wnlos Crlokot Association. In tho unavoidablo absoncoof Mr. G. H. Itoid, M.L.A., president of tho Association; Mr. Elchard Toeco proposed tho health of tho visitors, and ombracod tbo oppor tunity to cordially welcome Dr. Grace and his fellow-members of the' team. In responding, tho Euglish champion returned thauks on behalf of his colleagues nnd himsolf, and expressed regret that Lord Sholllold was not presontin person to thank them. From what littlo ho knew of Now South Wales cricket ho did not oxpect that thoy (the Englishmen) would havo such an easy thing as thoy had In the other two matches. We had in this colony ono of tho ilneBt bowlers in the .worW, but were short of a few good batsmen, who would, he hnd no doubt, soon sprint' up. Ho again expressed thanks for tho kind reception accorded In the afternoon n public wolcome was given the team at tho Town Hall by tbo Mayor of Sydnoy (Mr. W. P. Mauning). Thoro was a largo number present, including tbo Hon. Henry Moses, M.L.C., tho Hon. D. O'Connor, M.L.C., McwrB. J. Toohey, M.Ii.A'., Jnb. Portus (hon. sec. N.S.W. Cricket Association), V. Cohen (hon. trcusuror), D. W. Gregory, Francis Adams, S. Hi Fairlnnd, J. Coates, C. W. lloalo, G. Russell Jones, B. Teoco, H. M. Faithfull, P. Sheridan,' T.W. Garrett; aud J. W. Trtimble. Sovoral of tbo city aldermen aud leading local 'playors wero also prosent. In' proposing tho beulth of Lord Sheffield's English team, tho Mayor Mludod to tbo great por forlnanco of Dr. W. 8. Graco, and although it was ovor 17 vears siuce he bad had tho pleasure of seeing him play, ho seemed to him to bo an over, grcou cricketer. Ho did not know how ho mannged to preservo his youthful nppe.iruuco. Ho could not say that he hoped tho English team would continue their uncheckerod career, and if thoy woro defeated ho hoped it would bo by Now South Wales. Dr. Graco said ho could hardly express his feelings nt tho cordial manner iu which thoy had been received. If they were to got a boating at tbo hands of Now South Walos thoy would not fool any great regrot. Ho thought tho bo3t eloven in Australia would give them a tying up. Mr. Phillipsou proposed, tho health of tho Mayor. The company wero then shown ovor tho Centennial Hall, of tor ? which Mr. Wiognnd played a few cboico selections on tbe grand organ.' In the afternoon the Englishmen visited tho Asso ciation Ground, where some of them indulged in practice. Their , efforts wore keonly watched by. a number of poople, as also was tho form of a fow of tbe local playors. On Thursday raoming Lord Sheffield arrived by tho steamer Adelaido from Melbourne-. A number of members of tho N.S.W. Cricket Association wont down tho harbor in tbo launch Premier and brought his Lordship, his nephew (Mr. Harcourt), and Major Dorian to the quay. In the afternoon tho team again visited the Association Grriund,aud went through a good, solid practice, despite tho unfavorable condition of tho turf. In- the evening Lord Sheffield and the amateur members of tho team wero entertained at diuuer by Lord Jersey at Government Uouso. It has boon the invariable custom of Jupiter Pluvius, or the mythological deity who presides over the clouds, to bo exceedingly nttontivo to his duties when English cricketing teams :have en KUKoments in Sydney. Ncedloss to say, Lord Sheffield's team has not suffered from any inatten tion in this respect. FIRST DAY. . ? . The copious downpour of rain on TVolneaday and -Thursday completely saturated tbo turf at the Association Ground, and when Graco won tho toss from Moses the . faces of tho local supporters wore visibly elongated. Con siderin' tho ominous signs of- rain hanging all around tbo. flkio9, tho attendance vraa of almost unprecedented dimensions, more particularly for a busy weak day. In recent . years wo doubt if any Intercolonial match has attracted such, a large attendance. It is, howevor, probable that' tho fact of tbe ground being unfavorable to batsmen induced many people to patronise tbe iranie, us it waa generally opined tbo prospects of New South 'Wales ou a bad wicket wore considerably enhanced. Th» largo number of people present at tbo appointed bour of starting portended the extreuioly j^ood attendance in the afternoon. Those in the torrace Bhowcd unmis takekble signs of impatience when the game was not started with that punctuality Englishmen are noted . for. Thocause of this delay wiiBadjBagreeinent about the English umpire. The N.S.'W. captain, H. Moses, objected to Cotter, tho nominee of -W. G. Graco. Three-quarters of ah hour had beon wasted before the difficulty wn« overcome by tho appointment of Alfred Shaw, tho English veteran, aa Mr. E. J. Uriscoe's colleague. After an inspection of the 5 itch Qrace sent, the homo team to tho wickets, ones aud Bannernian were deputed to open the innings. Attewell aud Lohmanu being eutrustpd' with tbe ball. As could only have1 been orpected under tbo circumstances, tho wicket waa' a veritable bowlor's delight, and but ting was carried on under gravo difficulties. The innings lasted longer than it should buvo, but owing to tbe careful tactica adopted by tho bats men in ircuoral tho scoro was uot of moro extended dimensions than was anticipated. It is, of course, obvious than run-getting on a wicket of that character was oxtroinely difficult, but the know ledge o! that fact Bbould have induced Bomo of tho batsmen to infuse moro dash and vigor into their strokes. Tho prido of placo must unquestionably be accorded - Alec Banuorman, who com piled 'J5 out of the 7-t ruus totalled. Uo was, despite his short stature, less troubled by tho bowling than nny of his comrados. He also mado runs fustor, as the stato of tho Bcoro at his dismissal will testify— tho board showing -W. Itannennan mndo some really excellent pulls off Lolvmann's bowling, and Iu view of tho numbor ot bumpy balls sent down played a remarkably good iunings. Sid. Gregory was not 'at homo' in putting- hia score of 15 together, and was missed on two or threo occasions. However, Callawny deserves the highest praise, as in compiling big quota of 12 not out ho did not forgot to hit any ball tossed up—an example tbo Englishmen after wardB followed. The Carltouian was batting splen didly when tho innings was terminated. Sonnan, too» played well, and with tho aid of Bannorman brought tho scoro from 10 to SG for tbo third wicket. Ho was too careful, ho wot or, and might havo done bettor by going at tho bowling with moro dash. Ircdalo opouca uictly with a flno oiT drive to tbe boundary, and. then put a bumpy one up at short-leg1. Moses was uncomfortable and secured an ' ckr,' as also did Sam Jones, who went iu ilrst. Although Clmrltnn was contented with tho vcrv modost compilation of 3 runs, ho shaped with more freedom than most of his side, nnd it was a neat catch that Bont him baclc. Turner was caught near the fonco In essaying a big hit — tbo catch being well judged by Stoddart. Newell was also unfortunate enough to secure an 'ogg,' but, nevertheless, ho Blmped nicely. Wales might havo landed the ball ho was caught from at tho fonco had ho hit out, but ho did not, aud got out. Tho bowling honors wero woll won by Brlggs, who was not tried until Hannertnnn and I)ounan had mado a stand. Tho left-bander did not scud down a loose ball,, having o- most accurate pitch aud pur.zllnz break. He secured flvo wickets for 10 runs, and bowled 110 balls, no fewer than 10 of tbo the 10 overs being maidens. Uo puzzled tho batsmen much more than either lobmann or Attewoll, aud 'deserves the hf ghost praise for so rare au nchicvemont, Lohmann Bocured four for 44, but was not in his best form, bis pitch being less accurate than wo hnve noticed In the past. Attewell trundled well, butcertninly did not mako full nse of the bad wicket. Tho fielding of the visitors was of a high class character. Sharpo, Vriega, Lohmann, Attewell, Stoddart, Kead, and M'Qrogor performed exceedingly woll, white tho others wero hardly less brilliant. JCohmaun Is like a cut in tho slips, although be missed Gregory owing to this oat-lilre activity. at'OreKor caught Donnun at tho wickots nlcoly, but be failed to ombruco a couple of oppor tunities of stumping. After tbe name wiekct had been rolled the Now Soutb Wulesteam filed ou to tbo ground. Tho huge form of Dr. W. O. Graco aud tho compact and nturdy littlo Abel followed soon after. The ansembled crowd g.ivo tbo English captain a very warm reception. Turner and Callaway opened with the ball. W. U. at onco stepped out and bit with much freedom. His dash was quito a treat o ft«r tho tamo display of our own men. Ho pullod a breaking ball to leg from Turner, aud then dragged a fow short balls from Callnway round to log. Ho wus making tho paco very morry, and soon bud reached double figures. With bis Fooro at 13, the veteran tried to hit Turner, but tho ball wont up toward Callaway nt tbird man, who, to tbo titter disgust of hit) com rndeH Qii'l tlio ppoplo, miti.scd an easy catch. In baliaupI'in'lh0Ofl'nps, aud*T'urno'rCOhold It. tRJ peoplo enjoyed ' W.O.'n ' Innings, but ho was scoring too quicklr to plcnsothniii, and thus tbey were glad to noo him retrura hin ntonn. Btoddurt enmo next, and received a very hoarty cbpor. Ho drovo a full to.«B from Turner stnuulit for 4, and then Jones dropped an onsy catch from Abel also off Tumor's bowling. Howovor, tho look o( dis gust on tbo fuc.'H all round tho ground had not VRiiisbod before a brilliant, a innrvollouH, catch next ball by Donmin at short-leg lent tho Middlesex champion to tho pavilion oroln. Maurice Head Joined Abol and icorod 10 from Tumor's flrBt over. Here Abel waaag&la; lot off iu Callawav'i next over, IrodnJo milling an ouj ohanoa in the llipa. Thin miss wns also follatrod by a brilliant catch at uild-olf liv Al.'c II tuuenn Mi, which m-rit Abut lr.iak. Tin, stroto wan very hurd nnd low, uud tho eatoh beyond pruiso. It was miido without fllKS, and was onu qf tlio fluent hoou on'tho ground (or somo lime, llriixii was clean bowled by Tumor for nil, aud lloau joined lEoildwith thoscoroaUS. Although thoformor was biniteu by Tuiiur bo kopt his wlckotup until 0 o'clock, tho ucore Htandlng at -17 for four wickots. Head plnycd a dusliiug gnuio for IU not out. Turner nndCiillawny bowled iiplondldlv, but touch had bad luck. Turner bad no foivor than throo catches drooped, tivotur'tlionv boini ridiculously . oooy. Callawny kocured Grace's wloket and ball Abol missed olf his bowling. At llrat ho was bowling too short, but later ou tbo batsiucu could do nothing with him. SECOND DAY. ^ ? What a wonderful oontnut'botweon tho liooond and first daysl Ou the Friday, uvury thing lookod dull ami cheerless, and, although thoro was a vory largo attoudanco, tho spectators wore mostly of tlio masoulln'o gender nnd autlitisiaatla followers *of tho gamo o? cricket, ladloa being conspicuous by thoir absuueo. On Saturday, ou the contrary, tbo fair box mndo a bold show, aud thoir pretty aud .varied continues lout , additional charm to tbo animatod saotio. . All yestorday tho sun shouo out florcoly, and, dosplto its powerful rays nnd the hot wiud .Dlowiutr, pooplo. ppured' on to tbo. famous .Association Orouml.'l'rom a comparatively early hour pooplo be|{an to wond - thoir way Mooro Park-wards, nnd ' wien play began . thoro were somo -thousands proiout*' '-Amongst -tho 'distinguished visitors to ngniu visit tho ground woro 11 1« Eioolloncy Lord Jersey, His Excellency Lord Charles Scott, tlio I'rJinate,' Mr. Dlbbs, Colonial Secretary, Mr. Kcid, and members of both Uousofl iu number, whilst Lord Shofllcld was a conspicuous llguro in the lnombers stand. As tbo bour woro ou people began to arrlvo oil foot Iu dozons, whilst special trams, 'buses aud cabs camo in -an apparently oudless Btream. - A uoticoablo feature too was tho number of country visitors to bo scon, tho Northern district being strongly .represented. At 3 o'clock tho ground presented an nppoarancc with whloh thoBO who liabltually frequent it havo boon of. lute, nt all events, ' littlo accustomed to. The members' stand was woll filled, whilst tho ladies' resorvo was almostly uncomfortably crowded. A sea of faces was to bo seen iu tbo grandstand, whilst tho oppo* sits sida of tho ground was simply allvo with poople. Taken nltogothor thoro must have been fully 21, 000 pooplo nttho very lowest computation around th. omm, and still they poured in by hundrods. Despite -the unusual bustle and activity everything passed oil wonderfully smoothly, thanks in uo small moasnrotothountiriurolfortsofMr.S.H.Palrland, tho energotio and courteoua Becrefary of tho ground. It was a study to watch the crowd, and. mingle amongst it. Tho lovors of tho gamo wero, iu forco— mon who go to watch a match and^noto' overy point, aud keen judgos those samo mbn'-are. Evory hit or bit of good fielding was heartily applauded. Some Indulged in a qulot ' bravo ' or ? ' rtll finnn ** ll f f- mn n it , lift liPMmfl vociferous in thoir appreciation, especially if the Light Hluos showed auytbiug out of tho common. Others were thero who apparently went to boo, and moro particularly to bo scon, whilst whom apparently wore linrdly aware of what was going on, or elso wore quito Indifferent. In one case we noticed a lady with a novel iu hand, seem ingly only in tho stand because it was tho ' correct thins.' Society was stvously in evidence, wid the gathering may be described as ono of tho most re prosontativo over seen on tho beautiful and well kept Association Ground. The Plat. Tho day broke beautifully fluo, with a clear blue sky, almost cloudless. Tho sun, however, shone warmly, and rendered tbo wicket very difficult for tho batsmen. Very f.w overs wore sent down before it was mode very ovident that tbe English men would have tho utmost difficulty in getting opened very freoly arid at once began to hit out. The men ran between wickets with rare judg ment, reoognising that every run would bo required. Road had just iucreased his score to 20, aiid was batting- very strongly, when an Impossible run was attenjjitod. Bean played tbo ball to leg three or four yards, and the batsmen started. Wales vacated his position at the wickots and ran for tho ball. Ho throw tho wicket down, and Kead was thrown out for 20, tho scoro standing at 55. The pop'ular Surrey batsman was choered lustily on re tiring. Tho wickot was playing very badly, aud as Turner was cuttiug capers with the ball it was an ticipated that tho Englishmen would not havo a very largo lead on the llrat innings. With tho addi tion of XI moro runs three wickets fell. Charlton was tried in 'place ? of Callaway, who was unsuccessful in the matter of getting wickots. Beau, who had hit freoly but pluckUy. was nicely caught in the slips by Cbarlton oS Turnor. Pool was easily taken at mid-oil by Joues, also olf tbo Carltonian. Tho cheering nt the dismissal of these men was very ontbusiastic, and had baroly subsided when Callaway caught Attewell iu the slips off Cbarlton. The ninth wickot foil at 77; uud little difficulty was antici pated in dislodging either M'Gregor or Sharpo. The latten played back at Turnor. in fine style, while his partiior hit hard at anytbingpitched up. The scoro was iucreased to 94, aud tbo batsinou were showing good cricket under the circumstances, visions of three figures floated about, but another catch by Callaway in tho slips -dismissod Slmrpe, and brought. tho innings to a conclusion for Si ruus. SI'Grcsor carried his bat out for 12 runs, capitally compiled under tho unfavorable conditions. Turner secured six wickets- for .45 runs, and trundled in grand form. Me beat the batsmeu ball after ball, his break Ijeinfr altogether too good. Tho majority ot -runs scored off bis deliveries were fhlkily got. Chnrlton bowled capitally, his high delivery making tbe ball come up uwkwurdly.. He' also came from tho off. Hie figures of two for 13 aro full of merit. Callaway twos not as successful as was expected. He mado the ball rise abruptly, but the batsmen kept it out of tho reach of tho fieldsmen. Ilia one wicket— that of tbo English captain— waB secured nt a cost of 31 runs*.. Tho fielding of the home toam was better than on tbo opening day, aud Wales at tho wickets deserves 'special mention. Now South Wales was ma minority of 20 runs on \- the first inuingB, and their chances of succe'ss were not by any means regarded as small. However, thoy had to go- to the wickets just before tho hour for retirement to luncheon, and tho fourth ball . sent down by Attewoll Jnroved fatal to Jones who was snapped up by M'Grcgor at tho wickets, the tip boing a very slight one. Thus New South- Wales W lost ouo wicket for 0 in. the Bocond innings, and wero still 20 runs behind. Ou accompanied to tbo wickets by his club mate, Donnan. Duriug the interval tho wicket bad con siderably improved. Tho attendance, too, had becu augmented beyond tbe utmost expectations of everyone. Tho 'ground was litorally packed, and as tbo batting of tbe home team was of a very spirited character on : th* improved wicket, eutliUHiasm rau high. When the score had boeu increased to 20 au appeal for . stump-, ing agaiuBt Bannorman was answered in the aillrma tlvo. A portion of tbo crowd did not appreciate tho verdict, and Bauuerinuu demurred at the decision. Turner filled the place vacated .by his 'club mute, most of tho ruus up to this juncture, and was playing a brilliant- gume. Sharpe was put on in placo of Attewell, and Donuau at ouce displayed a particular' relish for tho fast bowling by cutting tho Surrey mnn to tho fence four or five times iu tho course of a few overs. As Turner infused a denl of dush Into his strokes, Donnau did not force tho gamo'so hard, but the runs came quickly, and by cxcolleut cricket too. Attewell and Lohmauu dis. placed bharpe aud Briggs, but tbo batsmen con tinued to play vigorously. At last the half century nppearod amidbt applause from about 20,000 spectators. Peel was tried shortly after wards, but the batBmen 'still scored at a fair pace. When 77 rnns had -been -posted a separation 'was effe'etod by Abel securing Turner In the slips off Pool's bowling. Tbo crock bowler played a line freo- innings, and novor gave a chance.' Ho eon tributed 40 of tho 51 mnde while he was at the wickets, and reoolred » an ovation on retiring.' Shortly aftor Moses Joined Donnan tho playors retired for refreshments, the score standing at 70 for tho loss of throo wickots. W. G. Graco went on to bowl for a fow orbrs prior to this, and was closoly watched. Ho placed hu field in a novol run's?erplly bocuidofrSSuU^slow'aftor tlfo'fou? o'clock: resumption. ' 'JjQnnau's score remained at 80 for fully half-an-honr, aud -tbontho noxt run took quito another half.bour. Maiden overs wore being very good aud tho batting extrcmoly careful. At last, when tho scoro' bad beeu increased to 85, Donnau was bowled by Sharpo with a fast ball. Ho cut beautifully and played all-round splendidly iu tho early part of tub innings, but slackoned off cousiderably aftorwardsj When Ircdalo joined Hoses, it was oxpected that tho' play would be of a moro lively character, Although Iredalo laid tbo wood on to somo oil balls ho did not scoro quickly, as tho fieldsmen wero ou thoir mottle, and placed In a liuo on tho olf. Soyeral moro changes woro again made in tho bowling; but the bnt«non got nothing loose to hit. Iroclalo was atMeugth ' beautifully caught by Lohmann off his own bowling lor 9, tho Bcoro Btanding.nt 108. Tho batsman appealed' -to' tuo '-uinniro, ? 'betas ovidontl/ under tlio impression that tho ball had struck the ground. S. Gregory joined bis captain, nnd as (J o'olock drew nigh tbo rato of scoring- Increased slightly. Hoses cut nnd drove ?Lohmann to tho fenco splendidly, but iu tho last two o tors again relnpied Into his usual careful stylo of play. The batsuion woro together when* tbo Btuinpa wore drawn, the scoro standing at 132 for' the loss of tlvo wickets', Gregory shaped nicely for 11 not out. ?','- THIIVD DAY. Tho weather was delightfully cool in comparison with the almost Btitllug beat on Saturday. Tbo wioket had improved cousiderubly, and was much foster than at any other period of tho game It was felt that tho home team would bo required to put on at toast another hundred runs in order to make a strong bid for victory. Tim really excollent start made by Moses and Gregory raised hopes that were destined to remain unfulfilled. Tbo pair had increased tho score from 180 to 1C2 by olegant and lively batting. Moses mndo somo vory swoot cuts and on drives, and Gregory loo shaped vory woll. When ho had mado 21, howevor, tho yountfor batsman waB caught at tbe wickets by il'Qrcgor, off Attcwoll's bowling. The partner ship produced CO mull, and everyone folt sorry to see Gregory dismissed in such a manner aftor shaping so ceulldcutly. Cbarlton joined Mohos, bnt after the left-hander bad added 6 runs Charltou had a confident leg.before.wl;l-et appeal answered ngaiunt him beforo ho had timo to scoro. Callaway opened freoly and with muoh confidence. At 170, however, he played a ball from Attewoll Into his wickot, and Newell, who camo next, was bowled first bull. Wales and Moses played about balf.ii-dozen ovors, without adding many runs to the scoro. Tbe left-handor's innings was at last brought to a close by a really (food catch at mid. on by Bluirpe oil Lohmnnn's bowling. Moses con. tributod 51, aud it was unquestionably tho best innings of tho match. HU piny on Monday was equal to any ho has porhaps ever shown, aud although numbers of pouplo characterise his hat ting as slow, wo wleh New South Wales had a few moro batsmen of Ills oalibre. Wales played a safe game, iif-KOtlntinif several maiden ovora, and carried liu bat out for a oounlo: Tho last four wickets fell for an addition of only 10 runs, aud thus in quite a brief period the outlook of tbo gamo bad undorgono « great change. Attewell was by far tho moat successful bonier for England, us his nvorago of six wickets for -19 runs implied. However, we aro inclined to thluk that Pool bowled best for tbo visitors, although tbo Notts crack has bolter figures. , Attewoll had, a good uharo of luck in .Bocuringhls wickets, as no fewer than three woro talrcn by tho wickot.kccper, ono leg bofore wioket. aud another playod- on. Peel bowled tho most accurate length of all the bowlers tried, and hlsono wickot cunt 13 runs. Lohmann enpturod two wiokols for 115 rnns, aud whllo ho bowled well, the hatiuiou playod him with case. Sharpo'a one wicket cost S'J ruusr-rathor oxiioiibIto. He was mndo moro uso of than any of his comrades, nnd although he was unsuccessful It must bo admitted that ho bowlod wall. Sharpo bus a beautiful de livery for. a fast bowlor. Mosos and Donnan punished bis fast, well-tossed up balls. Brlggs, who was so successful iu tho first innings, was tried for only a fow overs. Tbo fielding of tho EngUshinoa was ? of a high- class character. H'Gregor, at' tho wickots, performed iu vory much improved stylo, aud is ccr taiuly n wicket-keopor of moro than ordinary calibre. Everyone of tile team fielded splendidly, IlrlBgs, Lohmann, aud Slmrpo being perhaps a trlflo moro brilliant than any of thoir comrades. Tho Englishmen wero loft witb 153 runs to make In order to score a win, and in viow of tho excellence of tho wickot tho task was generally regarded as well within tbolr powers. Grace nnd Abel again hid oil with tbo bnt. Turner aud Callaway wero also onco more deputed to bowl. Tbo first 10 runs cawe very quickly, -but nftorwardB scoring became extremely slow. Callaway sent down sovoral maidens to Uraco, and Turner also kopt Abel on tbo defensive. Aftor evor an hour's batting 35 runs had been posted, when tho doctor tried to hit Turner out of tho ground. Tbo ball wont up to a great height, but tbo bowler secured it umidut loud cheers. Grace bad mado 10 by very slow batting. The spectators wero quite disappointed, us it was anticipated tbat if ho remained at the wickots for an hour bo would makothluirs hum. Stoddart joined Abel, and the Middlesex crack commoncod operations quickly. Abel also batted with more freedom now, and the score was quickly increased to 50 when Wales caught the Surrey batsmen nt tbo wickots oft Charlton, who had rolloved Callaway. Abel contributed 31. and while somewhat slow, his batting wns of a scientific and faultless description. With Maurice Head nud Stoddart tosotber somo brlllinut batting was ex pocted. This was, to n. cortalu extent, realised, as Stoddart twico drove Turner clean out of tho ground, each hit being vory hard nnd straight with tbo wicket. Howevor, just as ho begau to got in*dBor|?,Udislin?8sed Itcad'for' half a dozon?ttITho third wicket fell nt 69, and as the next ball was sniked bv Briggs into tho hands of Wales tbo cheoring became intonso, nud Briggs had secured a brace of ' oggs,' and thus could /eel sympathy for Sam Jones. In 'the two innings the little Laucas triun received only three balls. The tlrst he just playod nnd tbe second shattered his wicket, and in the second innings ho went first ball. Bean was beautifully caught by Sid Gregory with tbo loft band on tbo off, tbe stroke being a bard one, nnd the catch most brilliant. When Turner clean bowled Stoddart threo runs later, tbo excite ment bosamo almost unparallolod. Stoddnrt contributed 28 by very fine and free batting, and when bo departed from tho wickots tho English men requirodno fewer than 65 runs with ouly four wickets in band. The supporters of the homo team wero jubilant, and already each one was con gratulating bis neighbor on tho glorious victory. There was au attondanca of about 11,000 people, and everyone folt highly delighted at the way tbo home team bad played up. Howovor, Peel and Lohmanu . wore yet to be reckoned witb. - For once tho crack Surrey bowler pluyed a. very careful game, nnd so did the Yorkshireman. Each bats man felfc tbat everything depended on him. aud they played with groat confidence and caro. Slowly but surely thoy added( runs, a fourer to the fence now and then breaking tho monotony. Callaway had again relieved Charlton, and the change nod the cliect of makiu? the scoring Blower. Still tho Bcore mounted up, und when about SO runs wero requite! Newoll wns given his first show with the ball. Ho sent down three overs, nnd then Cbarlton was reinstated. A fow ovors later Donnan took up the ball, but tho batsmen woro woll sot, and in tho end thoy won a well contested game by four wickets. Lohmauu mado 35 not out, and playod a vory good, though vory flue' off' strokcs,Linany'of which were Sbril° liantly fielded by Bannerman aud Gregory. In attempting to hit Turner he made threo or four uppish olf strokes tbat just fell out of danger. Peel's contribution was 26 not out, and excepting a hot chauco to Moses iu the slips when tho ecoro stood at 127 tho iuniugs was faultless. He made some very brilliant off strokes, and also drovo nicely ou both sides. Although tbe New South Wales teams wero beaten, tbey mado a most gallant light. Had they a littlo luck tbe result might have been roversod, but with so many -young players iu tho eloven it will be ndmittod that they performed extremely well. Tho fleldim: ou the whole was good, but there were a couple of notable exceptions. Wnlos kopt wiokots superbly, nnd is firmly of the opinion that he got mure wickets thnn he bad given out. Alec Bauucrmau aud Sid. Gregory may bo bracketed together as two ot the hardest workers aud most brilliaut fieldsmen wo have ever seen. Bauuerinau's two catches and Gregory's list1 of°Sbriilinut °piece3 PofC°fleIdiugS that 'have been performed on the ground. Donnau deserves the vory warmest praise for his v.ry clever fielding and brilliant catch. If we are to judge him by tho proved considerably iu this .department, and is Charlton nnd Turner did all they had to do ui good stylo, the former's two catches iu the slips being very neat. Iredale worked bard, aud'so did Jones, although the bitter mightltave returned the ball witb loss forco when such was not needed. Callaway fielded vory fairly, but Newell failed to do himself justice iu this as well as iu tho other departments of the gutne. He mulled a great deal, auu tho crowd made him worso ; but, considering that this is his first big matcb, he need not feel dispirited nt his non-success. Turner again bowled grandly iu tbe second iuuings, as also did Callaway and Charltou. Tho fl.-st-uamed troublod nil the batemen, aud got a fair work on the medium paced balls. He secured five wiokots for 77 runs, making a total q[ eleven for 123 runs in the match. Callaway bowlod 21 overs for 25 runs nnd 10 maidens. None of tho batsmeu could do auvthiug with him, and woro quite coutont to play him. Although he was unsuccessful in getting wickets, Cullaway per formed very creditably for his first appearance on tho field nguiust the Englishmen. If ho were to get a spin on tho ball he'd much Improvo his bowling, and mako it cousiderably moro deadlv. Charlton ovidently bowls far better in 'big' cricket than in club matches. Ho captured one for 29 in this innings, making altogether throo for 42\. He showod form of a Inttch improved oharaoter ou that for his olub. Neither Newell nor Douuan veoeivod a show with tho ball worth mentioning, although 'the former might certainly have beeu tried earlier in tbo second innings. Tho thanks of the Press aro duo to Mr. J. G. Jookson, who looked after tho score sheets for both sides :— New South Wii.ES.— First Inning_«. ' S. P. Jones, c and b Lohmnira ... ... 0 C.T.B, Turner, o Stoddart, bXohmann 2 H, Doniian, c Jt'Gi-OBor, b Brtfgs ... 11 H. Moses, c Attewell, b Lohmann . 0 F. Ircdalo, o Bead, b Lohmaun ? 4 ' A. C. Baunermaii, c Grace, b Briggs ... 25 P. C. Charlton, c nnd b Brings ... ... 8 . S. E. Gregory, c Graco, b Attewoll ... 15 A. Nowell, o Slmrpe, b Briggs ? 0 I. Wales, oPool, b Urhrgs.;. ... ... 0 S. Callaway, uot out ? 12 . \- Sundries,., s ? , ,„ ... 2 Total ... ... ... .?, ... 1i \ BOWIIXO. ANALYSIS. Balls. Maidens. Enns. W'k'ts Attowell ... ' U0 10 18 1 Lohmann ... 1C5 13 44 ' 4 Brlgg« ... lift 10 10 5 Niw Sooin WALia- Second Innings. S.P.Jones.oM'Gregor, bAttewoll ... 0 ? A. C. Uanuermau, st M'Qrogor, b Atto C. T. B. 'Turner, o Abel, bPeel '.'.'. '.'.'. 40 II. Moses, o Sharpe, b Lohmann „. 51 ' H. Do»nan, b Hharpe ? ... 32 F.lrodalojo and b Lohmann ... ...-9 S. E. Gregory, o M'Grcgor, b Attowell 21 : P. CharltSn.lbw, b Attewell ... , ... 0 '-? ? 8. Callaway, b Attowell ... ;„? ? ... 3 ? A. -Newell, b Attowell ........... 0 . , I. Wales, not out ... ? ..... ... 2 ' Byes 5, leg-byes 2 ,„? ,„ ... 7 ' . Total,.; ... .;, ... „. 172 ' BOWLINO ANALYSIS : ' Balls. Maidous. Euns. ' Wkts. Attowell ... 170 15 49 6' Brlggs... '..; 40 ' 3 12 0 Sharpe ... 100 20 53 1 Lohmann ... 164 17' 38 '2 Pool ... ... 05 18 13 1 Grace... ... 20 1 3 . 0, EsauMD— First Innin s. . W. G. Grace, o Turnor, b Callawar ... 15 B. Abel, o Bannerman, b Turner ... 7 A. K. Stoddart, o Donnau, b Turner ,.. 4 J. M. Kead, thrown out ? 20 ' . J. Briggs, b Turner... ... ... ... 0 G. Bean, o Charlton, b Turner ... . '.., 17 .G. A. Lohmnuu, a Charltou. b Turner 7 K. Peel, o Jones, b Turnor ... ... 0 W. Attowoll, o Callaway, b Charlton ... 0 G. M'Gregor, not out ..„ ... ,., 12 J. Sharps, o Callaway, b Charltou ... 7 ByoB 2, leg-bjes 3 ? 5 Total ? ? 91 Balls. Maideno. Buns. W'k'ts. C. Turnor .,,1)5 6 45 0 S. Callaway ... 55 2 31 1 P. Charlton .... 37 2 13 2 AU, England— Second Isnlnga. W.G. Grace, o and b Turnor ? 19 K. Abel, c Wales, b Charlton ? 31 J. M. Bead, c Bannerman, b Turner ... , -6 J. Brlftgs, c Wales, b Turner ... .... ,0 O. Bean, c Gregory, b Turnor ? 4 A. E.Stoddurt, b Turuor ? -, ... 28 ' O. A. Lohmaun, not out ... '.,.-, ..;-.34 K. Peel, not out ? 20 Byes 5, leg-bycs 2 ... ........ 7 Total for six wlokotl .?'.,.' ... -1S5 DOWMXO ANALYSIS : ' Balls. Maidous. Rnns. Witts. Turnor ... 280 10 - 77 5 CulUrmy . ... 105 10 25 0 Charlton 80 - 7 SO 1 Donnan ... 0 0 7 0 Newell ... 15 0 10 0 