THE PROPOSED INDEPEN DENT THEATRE. By Our Travelling Correspondent. The theatrical world is all at sixes and sevens. The actors have formed a trades union, and threaten to strike against bogus managers and insanitary dressing rooms, which means that they have a strong objection to working for employers who do not pay them, and to passing a large portion of their lives in dirty dens, which are nothing more nor less than fever traps. But this movement by tho theatrical workers is not tho only novelty of which managers have to complain. Hitherto they have been subjected in London to tho mild and .paternal rule of the Lord Chamberlain ; in the provinoes their only supervisors have been 'the benches of magistrates, who have dealt ten derly with them. Tho duties of tho Lord Cham berlain have been twofold. He has not only been the licensee of plays, but he has always 'controlled tho whole structural discipline of theatres — the entrances and exits, tho arrange ments made for the safety of tho audience and tho comfort of tho actors. But now tho county councils wish to take into their own hands all details of management, and to control not only thoir sanitary condition and thoir safety, but also the quality and morality of the entertainments provided. Already the County Council keeps a sharp look out on tho music halls. It is now proposed to oxtend 'the same disciplinary authority to the theatres. The general concensus of opinion is that tho safety of the audiences, both in London and tho eouuliy, i uquitua "uut, uuuii.iuu.il lutuluulluii should be taken. Th'oro aro at least half a dozen theatres in London, in wliichi tho clmnco Of' ' any large proportion of the audieneo escaping in tho event of a fire, or oven the alarm of ono, is so small that ic may be taken as an undisputed fact that tiio loss of lifo would bo appalling. That Bimilar laxity exists in tho provinces was' proved by the torribln loss of lifo that took plaoo two years ago whon tho Exotor " Theatre caught fire during a porformaneo. And there would be very little objeotion to tho powers sought by tho County Council if it wore not that thoy claim, in addition to full con trol over the struoture of the theatre, to have tho right of dcoiding what should be and what should not bo played. Against this change of jurisdiction the managers complain very loudly, and with much reason. The censorship powers of tho Lord Chambailain hovo gOnorally been exercised with great moderation, and except on tho part of certain enthusiasts for perfect freedom in art there lias boen no complaint. It no doubt appears at first sight anomalous that there should not bo as much freedom for tho drama as tlioro is for speech or writing. Any man can say or writo what ho pleases without submitting his proposed oration or his manuscript to any Government official, with the risk, of course, that if ho havo overstepped the law lie may be prooeedod against. IVliy should tho manngcr of a tiieatro be compelled to submit a picco to tho licensee of plays beforo ho ih allowed to prodneo it ? And it is rather difficult to dis cover why as a matter of principio he should. But most managors havo boen very glad to liavo somo ono upon whom they could throw tho responsibility of deciding what was suitable for the ordinary British public and what was not. If the lessee of a theatre had been allowed to exorcise his own unaided judgment lie might bo inclined to strike out of tho acting drama many most popular and effective situations. Some of tho passages in the various translations of Sardou's Nos Intimes, the screen scene in the School for Scandal, the incident was in Pink Do- minos, nearly tho whole of Camille, and numberless passages in tho Drury-lane dramas which turn upon the adventures of cigarette smoking members of tho demi-monde. But the manager has now a ready answer to any critic, candid or otherwise, who objects to certain por tions of many plays, and asks if they are fit for representation before our maiden sisters and our daughters, Aunt Jane and tho girls, by throwing tho responsibility upon Mr.' Pigott and tho Lord Chamberlain, and asking why if they were satisfied with the morality and good taste of a play, any one else should have tho audacity to be dissatis fied. But tho manager, although contented with King Log in tho shape of a permanent official who administers his offiec on certain well defined lines, and in pursuance of certaiu tradi tions, has a wholesome horror of the County Council, ' and will resist to tho uttermost any attempt to allow that body to intertere in tho solection of tho theatrical pabulum given to the' public. But while the managers, and I think tho great majority of critics and theatre goers, are not dissatisfied with things as they are, there is a. section which objects to any control what ever. They insist that the theatre should be as free as tho press is, even when they do not go further and say that every work of art or litera ture should be taken by itself and for its merits or demerits as a work of art, and not be considered for its power of teaching a moral lesson. These are the men who worship Zola, denounce the prohibition of English translations of some of his works, the prosecution of tho persons who exhibited tho Rabelaisian pictures, and who are never weary of inveighing against tho impertinence of two Philistine tradesmen like Mr. W. H. Smith, the glorified news agent, and Mr. Mudie, the great librarian, for refusing to circulnte the works of George Moore and his imitators. These gentlemen have for years past been agitating for what they call an " Independent Theatre," and at last they have found a person who is prepared to gratify their aspirations. I made the acquaintance of Mr. J. T. Greni at Amsterdam several years ago. He is a Dutchman, born in a locality where they speak a different dialect every 50 miles, and where a man must become a good linguist if he wishes to , leave tho boundaries of his native province. He prattled Dutch from his cradle, at 5 he could speak French and at 7 he could talk German. Later on ho became a master of English, nad more recently he oon- quercd Spanish and tho different languages of Scandinavia. By occupation ho was a bank official, but at an early age he coquetted with literature and tho drama, and in his leisure translated several plays, wrote one or two and became a dramatic critic. A few years ago ho came to reside in London, and commenced to Study the British stage, of which he formed a very high opinion, and translated several Eng lish plays into Dutch. More recently he has associated himself with a number of English men for tho purpose of introducing foreign plays into England, and has become the secretary of the Playgoers' Club. His latest exploit has been taking the Royalty Theatre, where he proposes to produce a number of plays never previously produced in England, and never likely to be, inasmuch as there is little chance of their becoming popular, and they are certain not to receive the authorisation of the Lord Chamberlain. In his own words, " tho Inde pendent Theatre is to be independent of tho popular taste of the booking office and of tho Lord Chamberlain. It is to concern itself solely with the artistic side of tho drama. The idea is to form a club, and in return for the members' subscriptions grant them tickets for admission to see such plays as for various reasons are un likely to obtain a hearing elsewhere. " He holds with Vernon Lee that a work of art should be judged wholly as a work of art, and that it is as absurd to talk of it as ethically good or bad as it would be to debate a question of morality as being æsthetically good or bad. He thinks that young English playwrights may learn much in these days of scenic splendor, and whole armies of supernumaries, from the Scan- dinavian who mounts a play with a couple of chairs, a table, five characters and one common place and ordinary, if intensely human and absorbing motive. This is tho scheme, and tho first piece selected for the inauguration of the Independent Theatre was Ibsen's Ghosts. Now it would have been impossible for Mr. Greni to have produced any play which would have provoked greater controversy or about which there could be more difference of opinion, and if his object was to make his scheme talked about in every drawingroom and smoking room, and thereby thoroughly adver tised all over England, ho hns succeeded admirably. Until tho other night I fancy that very few people knew very much about " Ghosts." The Scandinavian languages are not generally taught in schools, and very few people know mueh about Ibsen and his works except through the medium of a translation. Tho audience was small but select; very few women were present, and those who were seemed rather uncomfortable, for a num ber of questions were discussed by tho actors and actresses on tho stage ; which are for the most part whispered about only to clergymen and medical men, and if they appear in print are vested in the decent obscurity of Latin, and very generally of Greek. But tho production has provoked a perfect storm of dis approbation in tho columns of tho daily press, and for once tho critics have been unanimous. Tho Telegraph was strong, but judicial. It said: — "Ibsen loves to make his heroes stand in tho strong sun of public favor and estimation, only in order to throw a dark shadow upon them of baseness and hypocrisy, which he makes out to be their real personali ties. Human society is for him but a vile crowd of actors and actresses walking shamefully on the thin crust of a quagmire called ' Law and order.' There is nothing new, and nothing true, and it does not signify. Until we learn at tho feet forsooth of this Scan dinavian playwright to laugh at honor, to dis- believe in love, to distrust friendship, and to deride fidelity, we have learned nothing. This new favorite of a foolish school, who is to set aside Shakspeare and Sheridan, and to teach the hitherto fairly decent genius of the modern English stage a better and a darker way, seems to our judgment to resemble one of his own Norwegian ravens emerging from the rocks with an insatiable appetite for decayed flesh, rather than any Æschylus of tho North who dares to drape with savage splendor tho Furies of Orestes, or even any new and dramatic Scho- penhauer full of the sadness of human life and blind to its gladness." But perhaps it would be better if one gave an analysis of the story of "Ghosts." The play commences at tho time when Mrs. Aveling is about to open -an orphanage, which she lias built and endowed in memory of her husband, dead 10 years before. To tho world he had been a saint. His wife knew that he was a profligate and a libertine, although she had contrived to keep his many misdeeds a secret from anyone but herself and the victims of his evil passions. Amongst other liaisons he had had an intrigue with her maid, who became the mother of a female child of whom Aveling, senior, was tho father. The woman herself was married to a most repulsive carpenter named Engstrand, but the child had been brought up by mrs. Aveling in entire ignorance of its real parent age, and in tho belief that she was the off spring of her putative father. Oswald, tho son of Mrs. Aveling, has just returned from Paris, where he has been educated. He has inherited all tho profligacy of his father, in addition to an incurable disease, which his doctors tell him will in all probability bring on idiocy. In tho fiist scene a clergyman named Manders do- uounces Mrs. Aveling for having had her son brought up away from her, and tries to gloss over all tho vices of her husband. She listens in silence, hut at tho end of hia exhortation alio tolls bim the necrot of her life, assorts that she sent her son away to lcoep liini from contamination, and that tho orphansgo uho is to opon tho next day is not in lienor of a. pious memory, but in expiation for a sin. Oswald is in entire ignorance of his father's real character, imagines that lie was a saint, and tolls his mother that lie nearly struck the doctor who informed him that tho terrible disease from which he suffered was due to tho irregular life of his male parent. Ibsen now brings in his theories about heredity. Oswald falls violently in love with his mothers maid, Regina, who is in reality ills own half- sister. He admires her because she is a selfish, healthy animal, and he believes that after grati fying his selfish and brutal love her selfish nature will induce her to shorten his life when the idiocy of which he is in dread comes on. Mrs. Avoling is shoakod at tho feelings of her son, and at first leads one to suppose that she would consent to tho intrigue between Oswald and Regina. Like father, like son ; like mother, like daughter. Oswald behaves just like his father .did ; Regina is as ready to soil her beauty as her mother was. Sirs. Avehug is power fully reminded of tho events whioh preoeded Regina's birth, and it is after overhearing certain love passages between tho young people, that she gives vent to tho remarks which give the title to the play, " Ghosts ! when I heard Regina and Oswald in there, I seamed to seo ghosts before mo. I almost think we're nil of us ghosts, Pastor Man dors ; it's only what we have inherited from our fathers and mothers, that ' walks ' in us. It's all sorts of dead ideas and lifeless old beliefs, and so forth. They Imvc no vitality, but thoy cling to us all tho same, and we can't get rid of them. "Whenever I take up a newspaper I seem to see ghosts gliding betweon the lines. There must be ghosts all the country over, as thick as the sands of tho sea, and then we are, one and all, so pitifully afraid of the light." Mrs. Aveling has just mado up her mind to explain to Regina and Oswald thoir real rela tionship when tho orphan asylum, whioh was to havo been opened, the next day, takes fire. In tho third act Oswald's malndy is beginning to toll upon him, hut lie is still most anxious to possess Regina, even at tho cost of marriage. At last Mrs. Aveling tolls thom both tho secret of their birth. Regina behaves selfishly nnd brutally. She reproaches Mrs. Aveling for having trained hor to ho an upper servant instead of surrounding her with tho comforts and luxuries due to the child of a man in a good position, refuses to stay any longer now that she cannot marry Oswald, because she does not choose to " wear lierBelf out in the country nursing sick people," aud announces hor intention of going to Paris, where she supposes that there is always a career for such a pretty girl as she is. Loft alone with his mother, Oswald breaks down, tells her that tho disease from whioh lie is suffering has begun to not upon hi3 brain, that ho lias already had one attaok and lives in constant dread of another, and implores hor if tho idiooy whioh ho fears should como upon him that siio would give bim tho contents of tho bottle of morphia which lie always enrrios about his per son. This Avoling promises to do if tho neces sity should arise, hoping and believing that it never will. But tho blow falls very speedily. Oswald's mind has been weakened by tho excit ing events of the previous 24 hours, and as his mother opens the blind to let in tho sunshine ho collapses in his chair a paralysed idiot. Tho curtain falls without allowing tho audience to know whether she will keep her promise and givo Oswald tho dose of poison. There is an underplot in which tho putative father of Regina, the carpentor, Jacob Engstrand, shows hisanxioty to trade upon the girl's beauty by mnk- ing lier tho barmaid at asaiiors' lodging house, but there is very little to interfere with the main action of tho piece, whioh is after all neither more nor les3 than an elaboration of the old text, that the sins of the father are visited upon tiio children. Of course, suoh a play is simply repulsive. Moral or immoral, it is certainly revolting. There is nothing about it to pander to the taste of tho classes who gaze from the stalls at fashionably dressed women in all sorts of con- ventional complications, or of tho masses who yell from tho gallery at the villain of tho play, and applaud vehemently when at the end of the last act the heroine in white satin is married to tho naval officer of her choice, and the wicked baronet is taken away in handcuffs by a detec tive of unusual intelligence, who is acting upon the information conveyed to him by tho advon- turess in blue satin that tho "bold, bad baro- net " has committed overy orimo known to tho criminal law. No one would go to see Ghosts for amusement, and tho criticisms of the Telegraph and tho suggestions of tho Standard that tho Lord Chamberlain should interfere are not at all necessary to protect the morals of the people. There is no more danger of the British public patronising such works as those of Ibsen than there is of them drink ing salts and senna as a popular beverage, and yet salts and senna are not without their uses. The only cause for fear is that tho attack made upon Ibsen and tho Independent Theatre may invest it witli a popularity whioh it would not otherwise obtain, and that familiarity with such disgusting characters as those portrayed in ghosts may make tho world more tolerant than it is at present about the worst features of vice, which, as the poet says — Is a monster of such hideous mien, That to be hated needs but to be seen ; But seen too oft, familiar with its face, We first endure, then pity, then embrace. George Moore, who prides himself on being the English Zola, demands perfect liberty for Ibsen, and argues that "the right of private discus- sion is seriously jeopardised by the attitude that some of tho most influential critics of the daily press have assumed towards the Independent Theatre: I hasten to say that I do not speak now of tho irrelevance of their attack on the' play of Ghosts. Hail their articles heon ten times as long and a hundred times as bitter I should have been glad to wait in silence, certain of seeing Ghosts and Romersheim vindicate tho genius of Ibsen as triumphantly as Lohengrin and Tristan have vindicated tho genius of Wagner. But, doubtful of the strength of their argumonts, those critics havo not hesitated to invoke tho aid of tho law ; in some cases tho appeal to force has been allusive and indirect, in others an open and crude de mand has been made that the Lord Chamber- Iain shall intervene, and that our society shall be crushed. Now, Ghosts is a play that many people, rightly or wrongly, hold to be a groat moral lesson, equal in power for good to tho greatest sermon ever preached from a pulpit, and none will say that its language is plainer than that employed in Exeter Hall, whither young men aro summoned on Sunday afternoon to listen to discourses on the danger of fast living. Is it not, therefore, strongly unjust and in direct contradiction to the in stincts of Englishmen that an appeal should be made to force in order to prevent people from educating themselves morally and mentally as they think proper ? Is it not disgraceful that public morality should be pleaded for such a purpose? On another occasion we propose to produce Tolstoi's Dominion of Darkness. Again, this play would not be sanctioned for public performance, but, rightly or wrongly, we believe it to be a work of sublime genius which is at tho same time penetrated with a profound moral purpose, and unless a heavy blow be struck at tho liberty of tho subject we do not see how we can he prevented from subscribing towards and - witnessing a private performance of this play. An interdiction would seem to us to be a step in the direction of an inquisition. For in our case public morality cannot be pleaded, and it may be well to remark here that public morality should never be used as a weapon whereby anyone may strike down all that is artistically anti-pathetic to him. It may bo well also to remind our oppononts that this is Protestant England, where every one is allowed to know his own conscience, and where every one should be careful lest he should unwittingly slip into dogma. And for conclusion I have only to reaffirm our position. "We are a small inoffensive society, interested in social religious, philosophical and artistic problems. We may be fools, but that is not a reason why we should be per secuted. If our opponents in the press do not like our plays let them stay away. "We admit that we do not like tho plays they praise, and rightly or wrongly, we think tho farcical comedies and burlesques which find favor in their eyes far more indecent than the plays we admire. Again I say that we ask only for leave to think and speak within our own circle as we think proper, and it is really difficult to see how so modest a demand can be refused in Protestant England. Mr. Gcorgo Moore puts his case very per. tincntly but producing a play to which tho professional oritics are invited, and which is described and commonted upon at length in tho columns of tho daily press, can scarcely bo called "thinking and writing in their own circle." The legality or illegality of tho conduct of Mr. Grein and bis colleagues in the manage ment of the Indepondent Theatre depends upon tho publicity which their acts obtain. Jinny things take place within the walls of a hospital which would not be pcrmittted in the open street, and I nm afraid tho argument that tho ladios and gontlemon who aro associated iu the production of tho unlicensed drama at tho Royalty Theatre are " members of a small and inoffensive sooicty, interested in social and other problems," will not hold water. The renl question is whether or not tho production of such plays as tho Ghosts is or is not in tho interests of publio morality and the happi ness of the great bulk of the community. And tho solution of the problem is much more diffi cult than Mr. George Moore admits it to be. It is absurd to comparo "Wagner with Tolstoi anil Ibsen. There was no question of morality or immorality involved in the ohango of style and method adopted by tho great master botweon his Kicnzi, an opera composed on tho old con ventional model, nnd the striking originality of his later works. But a very great question of morality would be involved if the Independent Theatre proposed to produce some of the comedies by Wycherley and Congreve, which found favor in the days of tho last of the Stuart sovereigns. Ibsen may teach a most in structive lesson, but it is more calculated to shock and disgust than to reform, and the only effect produced upon the mind of tho average playgoer by witnessing the performance of Ghosts would be regret, if the world described by Ibsen be the world in which we all live, move and have our being, that he for one had ever been born into it. If tho words be true which tho Norwegian dramatist puts into the mouth of his hero, Dr. Stockmann, in Tho Enemy of tho People — " Tho great discovery I have made within tho last few years is tho discovery that all our sources of spiritual life are poisoned, and that our whole society rests upon a pestitential base of false hood"— if this be true, tho logical deduction is that the sooner we follow the example of Cato, and shuffle off this mortal coil, the better. The doctrines taught by Ibsen result from a diseased imagination ; they are opposed to the teachings of every philosopher from Confucius, Zoroaster, Buddha and Socrates to those of Bacon and Mill; they are opposed to the doctrines taught by every religion that ever retained any vitality or obtained any adherents ; they are false to tho principles of hope which spring eternal in tho human breast. I can only hope that, even at the risk of their working some evil, such plays as Tho Ghost will be severely let alone, and will not be made popular by persecution. 