ANONYMITY OR SIGNATURE. John Morley is a stanoh advocate of r'gc i' are as against anonymity. Mrs. Gamp and tnaay other old ladies would say that mnoh ocn be Bald on both sidos. Anonymity is a hand wrlt'ng on the wall. The. mystery about a body to whioh the hand is attaohed :i a nover- failing aonroo of torror. Oh,- if ono eontd oooaBionally ceo that body I The unknown generally is believed to be divine, or' demo- nlaoal. At least it is superhuman ; and so H o unknown " we" of n newspaper is, to mc.ny persons, snporhuman, if neither good nor bed. There is some advantage in this. No man may truly say that ghosts and droams and super ttitions have never done any good at all. , The anonymity of newspapers has had its use, and even now is useful ; it waald be absurd to E-y it nay. But is its utility equal to that of sig nature? Undo: anonymity wo havo the voice of the ideas given out, plus the supornitoral- ncBB of tbo anonymity. But this latter ii an ever diminishing quantity. Wo aro losteg our faith In ghosts and dreams. If wo saw a hand writing on tho wall we might eay how clever it was ; bat we should not be moro afraid of it than of John Frost's ghost. So that it comoB to this, that the anonymous artiolo goes for what it is worth, and nothing tnoro ; end that may happen to bo little. Signature would carry tho worth of what Is written, plus the oharaoter of tho person who wrote it. The inBtact effeot of this would ts that many per sons who now write under the covor - of anonymity wonld not writs at all ; that wiiters would he moro like to ' keep thomselvea to their respective crafts; and that a mnoh hotter averago of writing would ho prodhoed. John Morloy adds another, a significant suggestion. It is that amongst tho causes of improvement in individual writers probably is to bo foucd the greater eolf-restroint whioh comes from tho faotoftho writer appearing in his own name. It would ir.ake a difference if every porcoa writing to or for a newspaper were to pat his own name to his offnsion. 