A Tale of a Candle-end. At a hotel in New York, a few years ago, I fell in with a mining engineer from Mexico, who told me a stirring tale from his experiences in that romantic region. This tale I may well remember, for, as will be seen, it was im pressed on my mind by a scene which formed a sequel to the story, and of which I was a witness that very evening. The engineer and I had dined together, and spent a pleasant time in talking over our past adventures. There in the smoking-room we lost count of the time; the other guests dropped off one by one, and the vast hotel became silent. It was past midnight when my friend began his story, a long one for the time of night; but I did not interrupt him. I was only too glad to sit still and listen, with my eyes on the dark bearded face opposite, lighted up at times by the memory of dangers past and gone. There was a look of anxiety on his face when in repose, the meaning of which I was soon to learn, bat by the strangest aeoident. My wife and I (he began) were married, away there in Mexico, two years ago. Now, it is just two years ago that what I have to tell you took place. At that time I was engineer to several mines in Mexico, travelling about from one to another the greater part of the year. Borne of those mines had been worked for oentaries, following where the veins of silver led, thousands of yards away from the little opening in the mountain side, which looked like a rat-hole from the valley below. Not a few of these were in a very dangerous Btate; bat of all the mines in my district none was in a more oritieal oondition than the three old workings above the picturesque village of Palos de Santa F6. It was always very pleasant to me to stay a few days at the little "posada," perched a mile or so above the village, and to look down the ▼alley of Santa Fe from my lounge on the long veranda. This posada was kept by an old Spaniard called Dies—his full name, if you please, was Antonio Joan Maria de Dies y Antiguera. He was a solemn long-visaged old fellow, clean-shaven and very dark, a bandit every inoh of him, by descent and by preference too. Bat to return to Santa F6. Ton oannot have seen it in your wanderings, or you would re member that valley, if nothing else in all Mexico. The village itself was at the head of of it; down the middle rushed a broad deep stream, which never dried up; and the lower hills on either side were hills, and not walls of granite, as they mostly are in those parts. Altogether, the valley was ravishing, luxuriant, restful; only above the sloping verdure rose the mighty peaks of the Sierra. Many a midday hour of blazing heat have I lounged away on that veranda, while the distant thud of the engines came throbbing through the "sing" of the mosquitoes. One could be lazy then. Bat at night, when the engines were silent, and instead came murmurs and ones from among the thousand lights of the village below, I could not help thinking of the forces at work in those silent hills, where the scattered watch fires glimmered by the shafts above me. I knew, if no one else did, that incalculable masses of water were stored among those peaks, and that our workings were bound to tap sooner or later that everlasting reservoir. The inevi table disaster must be very near now; the wonder was that it had not already come during the hundreds of years the mines had been worked. This was the ghost that sat brooding above the village of Palo3 de Santa Fe. About the beginning of August it was my duty to pay a visit to Palos. You may imagine that with my anxiety about the mines this visit was a less pleasant prospect than the delight ful climate and surroundings of the place seemed to hold out. On my arrival I found that the owners had at last made up their minds to consult me seriously about the danger to which I have alluded. What was more, they determined, if necessary, to close the mines. They knew there would be serious trouble with the miners, and they had therefore obtained from the Government the despatch of two com panies of soldiers to maintain order; a large convent a mile or so from the inn where I was staying served as barracks for the troops. The miners, more than a thousand in number, were enraged at this determined action, but were powerless in the face of such a force. Besides, they were by no means unanimous. A certain number, chiefly Ameri cans and Germans, were unwilling to risk their lives against professional warnings such as mine; the presence of the troops gave this minority the support they needed. The mal contents could only grumble, and, as it turned out, plot against us. The storm was but waiting till my arrival to burst; all depended on ray verdiot, I may say on my life, for it was pretty woll known what my verdiot would be. The heat of the day was only partly spent, but, it boing Sunday, and especially beoause of the great excitement, the village streets were crowded. Men, women, and children were all abroad. I could tell by the men's faces, by the sullen scowl or the uneasy anxious glance, the adherents of either party. But when I had ridden into the courtyard of the inn I saw that the worst of my opponents were there. Now, this was the only posada in the place—more than that, it was the only place where I could put up. The owners of the mine lived far away, and the manager himself was at Palos only when he was not wanted at some mines twenty miles away, worked by the same com pany. He was staying at the inn when I arrived. This man had little influence with the miners, and was not to be relied on in an emergenoy like this. He was known to be very much against closing the mine, so that it needed great pressure from the directors to compel him to take the necessary steps. You can see how uncomfortably I was placed. The whole responsibility was laid on me for a proceeding certain to make me the enemy of hundreds of fierce revengeful fellows, who had evidently their headquarters at the solitary inn where I was staying. To set against all this I had a guard of two hundred soldiers about a mile away, and on the spot a representative of my employers, who was prejudiced against me, and who would be the last man in the world to raise a finger in my defence if the need arose. Within a week of my arrival three several attempts were made on my life. During one of these attaoks I had the ill luok to wound, in self- defence, one of the ringleaders, a Spaniard named Antonio, nephew to my worthy host. This young man hod thus two reasons for wishing my destruction, and a third was supplied by a circumstance of which I had then no saspioion. To this day he is the only enemy I am aware of possessing, but I have a foreboding that he will yet do me or mine some fatal injury. After the failure of these three attacks, I was not surprised to find that the conspirators had resolved to give me a few days' rest; but I was not deceived by their inactivity. I had refused an escort from the commandant at the oonvent simply because I felt that my own vigilance was the only safeguard likely to be of any use. My enemies, I suspected, were but biding their time to put in praotioe some more safe and certain scheme than open attaok had proved to be. The event showed I was right. Meanwhile, I was not idle. I was carrying on my work of inspection from day to day, and had, in fact, nearly finished my written report to the directors. This I had taken care to sup port by the authority of more than one eminent geologist and engineer. The dosing of the mine was, in my opinion, an imperative neces sity. All this time I was preparing unconsciously for myself the greatest danger of my life, a danger which has not yet passed away; but with it was to come to me a blessing whioh has enriched my whole existence. I think I have never seen a more perfect speoimen of the heavy-villain class than Diez, my worthy landlord at Palos; and certainly never a woman who oharmed me more than his daughter. Juanita was a girl of 14 when first I came to Palos; I can remember having admired even then her pretty face and graceful, shy manners, and having wondered now such a maidenly oreature could be the daughter of my ooane and sometimes brutal landlord. As for myself, I do not mind confessing that, half con soious only as I was of any feeling of a tender sort, I had one reason which I have not men tioned before for making my visits to Palos de Santa F6 as long as possible. Juanita's attrac tiveness had for me been growing as she grew to early womanhood; she never appeared more lovely than when I saw her that Sunday even ing after my three or four months' absence. My all-absorbing anxiety would have prevented any love-making, even had I had any thought of such a pastime. But I remember having noticed, after my escapes from assassination, a new shade of thoughtfulness on the girl's dark face. At the time I put this down to the persecutions of her oousin Antonio, who was devoted to her in a savage, jealous way, whioh made her very uncomfortable. He was evidently favoured in his courtship by his uncle, Diez. Attracted as I was by Juanita, I could not help taking a great deal of interest in this love suit, prosecuted by one who, I had no doubt, was my bitterest foe. So it was that I notioed a great change in Juanita's treatment of her admirer. Hitherto, her dislike for him had been evident; besides, she was apparently afraid of him. Now, to all appearanoe, the pressure pot on her by her father, of whom she was very fond, and who treated her with surprising indulgence, and even respect, had proved too much for her powers of resistance. Her manner was now one of shy acquiescence in her lover's claim : whereas before this time you would have thought her less than kin to the eager Antonio, now I at least considered her more than kind to him. Unreasonable as it was, this state of things added, I know, to the feeling of loneliness and depression whioh was growing upon me. I put it to myself that I was disappointed in the girl. Though still shy and timid in her lover's presenoe, my landlord's daughter had altogether changed in her behaviour to the frequenters of the inn. Instead of keeping to her own room when the house was full of men, or going quietly about her household duties, the young girl began to loiter near the bar, listening to the conversation of the miners. Diez, no doubt, attributed the change in his daughter's habits to her growing love for his charming nephew, who was always there; at any rate he never interfered. I myself could only think as he did, and acknowledge to myself with a sigh that J.uanita, too, was in the enemy's camp. At last, three weeks after my return to Palos, the great report was finished. I handed it to the manager, and received from him an acknow ledgement in writing. My work was over, and I was heartily glad of it. lat least had done my duty; it only remained for the directors to do theirs. The next day I would see, the last of Paloa; I did not doubt that with the force at their command, the company would close the mine before many days were past. I oould not help being sorry; the village would cease to exist; Diez would have to close the posada, and this lovely valley would be deserted for many a long day to come. Still, the company had other mines not very far away ; they could start new workings there, and use a good deal of the old machinery. The miners, too, would soon perhaps get work again, but they would be the chief sufferers by my deoision. I was in very good spirits that evening, so that it seemed to me quite natural that every one about me should be wondrous polite and even cordial. My host was overwhelming with his attentions, forced his aomoanr on me uoon the slightest pretext, and grew eloquent as ha told me with gay confidence of his plans for his dear Antonio. His nephew, it seemed, was a good fellow if ever there was one, only a little too warm-hearted and too sensitive. Did he not seem to me a little sullen? I confessed that he did. Ah! So I, too, had noticed it! The poor fellow was in love, and all lovers were despondent at times. And, would I believe it ? Antonio had actually an idea that I did not like him, and he had suoh respect for me!— and so on. At last the old fellow became so affectionate and so garrulous that I was glad to get off with a promise to drink to the health of bis new enterprise, a hotel in a neighbour ing mining town, in a bottle of his best cham pagne. Everything seemed for the best in the best of all possible worlds as I lay back in my favourite lounge on the veranda, hobnobbing with the genial old scamp, my landlord. The only thought which troubled my serenity was that Juanita had been invisible since the morn ing, and now the sun had set on my last day at Palos. Would she take the trouble to Bee me off in the morning? I intended to go to bed early, worn out as I was by anxiety and .hard work. Already the veranda, whioh, I must tell you, ran all round the house, was dark, for the house lay in the shadow of the lofty Western peaks, and as yet there was no moon. A curious little heartache came to me as I thought that I might never see Juanita again. And while I lingered there in my dreamy, sentimental mood, half-listening to the landlord's endless flow of talk, Juanita, my Juanita, was straggling madly to escape from an outhouse in the distant corral, pausing now and then to listen with sickening dread for the sharp, clear sound of dynamite exploding in the open air on the veranda—not this time the dull report of blasting among the hills! I have often wondered since that time how it was that I did not more distrust the landlord. During the whole of that visit to Palos I had been oppressed by the thought of how great an injury I was unwillingly inflicting upon him. But this evening I had oast aside all suspicion, and, but for being armed according to my habit, I had taken no precautions whatever; Diez might have been my father for all the suspicion I then had of him. You may think it was the ohampagne, if you like; but I really believe that made no difference to me, exoept, perhaps, to exhilarate me a little, and to make me whistle a tune as I rose to take my oandle and go off to bed. Diez had called for the oandle; but when it was brought, lighted, I noticed that his face was ai white as skin of that sallow tint oan become. I thought he was ill, and told him so. He answered not a word, though he seemed to try to speak, but took the candle with a trembling hand and—blew it out! I said I was ready to go; bnt he pressed me to stay a little longer and take another glass of wine. He himself Bent for brandy, which he gulped down at a draught, and sat in tho dark ness quite still and apparently asleep. At last I took the oandle and lighted it. I turned to the landlord as I was about to go, and began to say something about my early start on the morrow. To ray surprise, he had disappeared. I turned away and walked slowly along the veranda, the way I always went to my room at the back of the house. As I went I whistled the tune I had started before. I shall never forget it. The engineer ceased speaking, and remained a few moments in deep thought. The absolute Btillness of the night was awful to me in the excited state of expectation to which I had been gradually worked up. When he resumed, he spoke in an awe-struck tone, low but dear, and as if living those few moments over again. " I shall never forget it," he said; "the air I whistled went like this;" and he whistled softly an air I had often heard before. He was not half through it, when a piercing shriek rent the silence of the night, then a heavy fall, and all was still again. The engineer turned pale, and seemed rooted to his chair. I ran to the door, opened it, and rushed into the hall, where he joined me at once. The hall was dimly lighted by one lamp near the outer door; a gallery ran round it a great height from the floor. There a white figure, a woman, was rising to its feet, and then another of those awful shrieks, and she rushed with arras outstretched along the gallery. She had turned the oorner to our left, when a door opened close to where the woman had first fallen. It was a man this time, who glided swiftly after the woman; in his hand he held something which flashed once, dimly, in the light of the lamp. My companion started, ran forward, and fired. The white figure stopped, but the pursuer still ran on ; he was near her now, when another shot rang out; the man fell forward and lay quite still. The following day, the engineer introduced me to his beautiful wife, whose life he had certainly saved that night. It was from her I learned how that exciting scene was the sequel and the completion of her husband's Btory. It was Antonio the Spaniard who had met his fate at the moment when he was about to take his revenge, nursed now for two long years. He and his uncle, the worthy Diez, had, it seems, oonspired to kill the engineer by means of a dynamite cartridge made to imitate the lower part of a candle. To this cartridge a very small piece of candle was fixed with a little gunpowder cartridge inserted in the top of the dynamite. The whole looked like a good sized piece of candle. Two or three minutes, and the dynamite would explode, and certainly kill the bearer of the candle. Juanita had discovered the plot, as, indeed, her objeot for several days before had been to learn what the miners, and especially her relatives, were plotting against the engineer, the man Bhe loved. Unfortunately, she had been herself suspected by her father, and shut up in the corral away from the inn. She had esoaped, but only just in time to snatch the candle from her lover's hand and hurl it down into the ravine below, where it exploded harm lessly before it reaohed the ground. The happy pair had escaped to the convent, and been married there; but the excitement of that day had left its mark on Juanita. At times she would walk in her sleep, and go through in fancy the scene she could never forget. But the shock of that other scene where she awoke on the gallery of the New York Hotel effectually cured her. Only her husband remained to remind her of the plot of the Candle-end.— Chambers'* Journal. 