HOLT sATUEi)Af 'Alter Gl-Aod I'rraay coideB .'Holjri S&tur-; hich ;we have the arrangements for-; the; coming, year about a' supply of Holy jMre, the light of. Ghrist,. the; holy Aftp6r»: the? bewitchment of .'the' baptism .tp.ftvrf-C'j.of thejWater to 'be used in bap tizing for tweJjVe months, i i First- alhere is thQ Blessing of Jiire; ' C) At '. the' proper hour the altars-' are hovered, and the " Hours ''I aresaidi the .candlesion tho. iultars, being; extinguished .till.the beginning; of :;the -Mass. .While these things are going on; fire, is j struck frpip aiflint outside the church, and. with this coals are , kindled , Afterwardsy I the , priest _;in ; iVestmentsj with.vhis attendant ministers, with the cross, holy water,' and the new- .fite'; before' the church, gate; he. , can conveniently,: or iat least ip the ipprQh,.(aayingra collectabout 7 : H®' next .blesses fiyOi igrains r of iilcense, whiph, are tp. be. -.put; into, the wax - taper saying ithis prayer,,. > " A; large infusion ; .we, prayy , Almighty .9,'! pi thy./bene-d- diction come upouithis incense . and . . light jip, . thoii 'invisible i .Regenerator, this bright nocturnal shining (the taper) that, noit. only. .the sacrifice that has beeU; made. this night may, shine bright : upon , us . by ;,thc. sacred -inward admixture in it of thyj light- ,bttt that also into whatever place' anything of this mystery of pur sanctifying (i.e., the tapet) shall be conveyed, from that j place :,all subtlety of .deyilish-.; fraud .may, be ex P®11®> £md the-.mightiof thy Maiesty may be, present, there," . . , i .'.;C4®toni8hing taper that.!;, , Ho. i" devilish fraiid can resist, it— and the might of God's Majesty is ensured by its presence, &c.;" Since the priests and their followers haye wax tapers always in good supply, it ought to folloty that .there,Bhpuld b.e no ";deyiisli fraud; ' ampngjthem. W e. fancy ;the yyai()a . ®P®te8.by,contrapies. Heirt he sprinkles the same,five grains, pf 'ih9®p®®> dpd the firey thrice, witli '.lioly .water ,arid film them tliric®'w'ith incense, (tbaf is incense with :iucehse' — -like carry ing' ' Coals ";to;' Ifewcastle.) ' While 'te'-.w .doing so, all the lights of the charch.are extinguished, that theymay be ligli'teii anon from the holy fire. ' Then the deacon takes a reed, having three candles on iiis summit, in the forin of a triangle, and they all enter the church in processioii. As soon- as the dc&cbn; enters, the chnfob, r6®d, and'an acolyte ha-ving 'a 'candle w.hich has been lighted from, the ; new fire, lights one' of the candle pn thjs fre. Then the deacon elevating the feed, 'bends his knees, and likewise all! f he rest "Witfi him, 'except the cross-bea'fefj wle 'the jdeaCod alone chants Tli'e tAalit %f ' R, Thanhs he io Ood. "'".'jlen he proceeds to the imiddle of tlie church, and then another candle is ligHte., . 'the same bowing the knees ' and 'chanting the light of Christ as before, but ',m a higher tone. Next the third candle 'is"lighted before the altar iu the, -same !way, 'and with the same w'ords .but'in a thtill higher ' tone. . : ' ' .' '"''it',' would, never, answer the, pantomi- ""miCS.tq'get the three caudles lighted," mt- |put .'.ali ' that mummery ' and fepetijapn abput the tn'ere applicatioh of a match. ;','|Then the Deacon, an acolyte holdii the' five hallowed grains of incense iliear 'hiim, sings from the pulpit a lg chant, ibllowed by a long preface,, covefipg seyeraj pSges of the missal. , At abopt 'the'.middle of the jpreface are these "vf'oris, -Thp'sanctifying theyeforie bfthic nigljt puts to flight pur enemies, washeg .our faults restores innocence to the lapsed, and "j oy to 'the sorro w f ul. It ' puts to flight hatred, procures concord, and bpvys .mbwn' pride'., ' ' So that'we see how .very meek andffee .frdtti discord' all ' ' R'dmaqists are — ! no hatred, .no pride, all ''unbroken concord. Hiddy and Nelly never tear ea.cfi Ipthef s :hair, or repufation, and Mick never ki'chs 'or curses Bridgbt Blessed fire 1 Thjit . is, if our' experience did not. stagger" our belief in 'it. J" ' . Ai these yyprds the deacon . sticks', the five/'gfains in.' the taper in the formof cross; and proceeds, "In the grace, there- fbrp- of 'this night; receive O .Holy .Father the' 'evening sacf ifice of this ' i'ncease, which the most holy church rendefs thw in thih solemn obligation bf a wax'.! tape, f, by the hands of her minister's''frp'm -the 'p'rbdtiction of the bee. 'But we hhpw what means the preaching ' of 'this pillar (the taper) which this ruddy ' glittering fife lights to the honour of (God." 'Here the deacon lights 'the taper 'with one "ot the three candles on the reed, atid .pfb- ceeds— ."-then which; fire; 'thoujgh dirided into part's, knows not the-diminutid'n'bf 'a borrowed light. For i it is --fed-; by'Bb flowing liquid f wax which fofi the B-ildtpy. -ance of this preciousi lamp the ihbth'ef bbfe has produced. ,>'. tvjnfiv \- 1 ! What a ( tissue of childish nonsense, and' indeed - of ignorance too.; -'The " mother bee" never makes wax, and'fwho .ever did jhad - certainly no' ide 'of aifiking it for - the sustenance of thaif "p'fb'ci&fia; lamp.. ..And, after' all, why 'should; thb light, produced from wax be hblier'ithah light. produced in any other way, thdt' fill this fuss should' betnadie about it iilfid- idressing -Gbdi? Otir feadbrb !!are"''hSt perhaps aware that pven no w ' the- better iight of-gas and-'of electricity; afb' f bjebted dn the taass, that produced- by- bees' beifi' iperemptoriiy'; demanded..''' Sii'bh is' J thb persistence of superstition. ".-ilri id Here the lamps are lighted. " We pray thee therefore 0 LordjtHat (this taper consecrated, tb'the -honbiir" of thy (name for destroying the' ' dafkriesi'' pf thiiilnight, continue unfailing and being accepted for an odour of sweet smell, %b''it mihgled wfrh' the lights supernal; (fee."' .' (The; benediction- of -thed'taper being finished, the-'deacon and"the 'Celebrant take off their vestments of white;'and'put on others of a violet- colour. - - ' .! Then. the ippophecies are read without title; in a l<low voice. Before -or; -dnriii- the time that the prophecies, are "bbing read, the presbyters ' shall catechise the Catechumens that are to be baptized, afid prepare them for baptism. Nearly always these are newly bom babies. The catechizing of such cate chumens must therefore be a hideous mockery, and the jprepararion forbaptism must be donetrathbr by 'thp by the presby ters'/j jIt is charactrirtic) too of the farcical nature of 'the/ whole that the catechising may ! go on while the prophecies are being read — these beiS read so low as not to be heard. The' words'wbich are so read inaudibly, we remember, (are extracts from the Holy Bcripture. This only would they treat vnth that indignity, Gatechiring 'paring baby oatecKumens are, to 'jgo fbn- while the Scripture is bbilig/iread.''' ',' Th'e'reading of the prbphecies beirigcph- riuded the priest going to bless the Ppht, hiiits oh a violet ccioUred pluvial, and pre- , 'chded by the cross, with candelabra, and , 'the ludlowed taper lighted, descends, to. the dht with the /clergy, chanting, some ; prayers', and theh stretching but his. band ! divides the watpr in. the shape of a cross, ahd'bavjlng'wiped .bis hand in . a towel,' ipWceedsThe same (Holy, Ghost),rerider ; mrolific'his. water, prepared for ' tte 'rbenerarion of men, by the mysterious, \ihward '/adiSixture ' thprewith pf , his' !the admixturp! ,of water' with! /th'e'y' deity is very ' odd, that a sanctifying: energy being conceived 'in' it (the water) there do emerge; from ; the immaculate womb of the divine font .al ,5h'baveiiJy progeny born again into a new, creation. Therefore far hence away let' eyeiy uncieaii spirit depart afthy bidd!ing' jO hence all subtlety and malice! 'or deadly, deceit keep aloof. No mixture 'of? adverse spirit , here haye place, nor m|byer , round ensnaring, nor creep in, 'secretely lurking, nor by ! infecting mar. He/this (he touches the water t with his ''handVcreature holy and innocent, free from all incursion of the assaulter, .and! purified by the departure of ail naughti- ! 'hehs.'' Be it a quickening font, a regener- 'aring water, a purifyingliqupr, , that/all; wlp' shall be washed in' this saving la-veri lihay 'attain by the Holy Ghost operating ''iii'them; the indulgence pf perfect purga- i ' ti'dh. ' Wherefore (here the makes three i licrb'pes .over the font) I ble'ss . thee! thou hfhature of water, by the living -1- God : 'by 'the true + G'bd; by; the holy + God, "by 'the God who in the beginning by the word didst separate thee from thei dryi 'land;' whose Spirit moved over thee (He 'divies the water, and pours it forth to-' wAfda the four quarters of heaven saying)) who made thee to flow from the font of Eairadisb, and 'with four riyers ;to water ;the whole earth (and so- bh through .all' the 'Scripture allusions to water) breath- ; mg thrice into the water, in the form of a cirpis; he makes another prayer that God 'may breathe blessing into, it, &c.; Then "the spriest lets down the waxen taper. a little into the water, he. says, The might of 'the 'Holy Ghost descend into this - fovmtain Mlriess. Then extracting the taper from the' water/ he again merges, it deeper, say- 'ihg 'the same in a higher tone,.; He does the same a third time,- plunging it tp the 'b'bt tpih; saying the same words in a still 'higher tone. ! /, ' ! . !, ! - '.'.!( This , is ,a; favourite, trick for; effect;in the Bpman ritual.. They cannot light, ..a ;candle,! ,or piit a taper in the water, , or take a cross fnom the altar, or dp anything 'else/without, this absurd attitudinisatipn an A repetition. ,,,jThen BLOWING : thrice into the water acco/rding tpnthe form of this .figure (the ,missalj gives the: figure something like a .Greek p.s.) he says, " and: impregnate .yrith, regenerating efficacy the whole sub stance of this water." ,Hbre the taper is taken up out of the /water,, and he proceeds .with two other prayers, ,.,,,Tiipn some of the same hallowed water, is spyinkled by the assisting- priests on the p/epple,,' Meanwhile one of the ministers .of, the, church takes some in a vessel, for sprinkling in dwellings and other places. Aftey which the Celebrant pours catechu- memUfpil intothe water, in- the form of a Baying, in an audible voice.-:" Be this font.,siuictified and made prolific (by the oil; ,pf salvation; to those who shall be born .of j the same (of the. font) into < eternal llfb." 1:; 1.:. Next he . ;pours; in;; some ; chrismal; oil Baying7:-,r m ; i '-V/ = )r, ".,B,e ..there an ; infusion; .herein/iof - the 'cbriP>tQi cf pur Lord: Jesus . Chrisri and of thpHolyr; Ghost; in the. -name of the Holy Trinity.',;. ,<; .: ; Ne;; hie takes both the pots, that of the holy(!oil, .and .that of the chrism, and pouring: in fopm; both at once in the form pjf.thqjcroBs, he says— -I 'ii ; " Be there a coradmixture alike together pfdjbe-Pbrism of sanctification, iand: the oilip||unction,;and the water of ..baptiim: Thi,i done, he blends the oil with the Water,:and scatters it-, with his hand ,over every part of the font." "Which concluded the extraordinary bewitchment : after which, the only wonder to us is, how any two BomiBir\prie8t8 after such .,mummery;e!bpg!|l>' vrithoalbi:irj|ting, bntiaughingfitf/Mjrii' faces; jitttias the jSbman' anarb.:dld in pagan nm.bi. i 