Coe ¿-àpïntcp. ¿îtornina; ^cralö. SATURDAY JASUARX 2t, 1B91. TB__ President and members of tis Union Club entertained Lord Jor. oy at dinner lost night. Tua seoreay maintained ia the inquest on tho causo of the Duke of Bedford's death has mado nome exoilemont in Loudon, and tho press 'oonsures tho coronur. Ii has beau ascertained that the Duke shot him Bolf in tho presence of his attendants. Mu. PARXEI.L, according to tho Times, has in- formed Mr, William O'Brien that he will only retire from the leadership of tho Irish party on condition that Mr. Gladstone's assurances' with lefereneo to the Irish land polio; aro satisfactory. i IK regard to General Booth's colonisation schome Professor Huxley has obtainod counsels' opinion upon the trust deed which bad been drawn up for tho control of the funds subscribed. The opinion giren is that tho security of the deed is illusory, 1 arid that under it the person controlling the fund i -coald give away anything. A ao:.PLicr botween the Presidential troops and the rebel forces in Ohili is regarded as imminont. Tho nulabor of the insurgents is inoreasing daily. Tun town of Pisagua has been captured by tho rebels in Ohili, and tho Government, owing to tho revolt, is in financial straits. Tun dook labonrers in Bandeo have rofueed to abandon their worlt, although called upon to strike in aid'of the railway men in Scotland. IT is believed that the strikers will make an atto-npt to blow up the gasometers in Glasgow by means of dynamite. TJIE Now Zealand Parliament was opened yester- day by commission. In the House of Roprosenta livos it was annonncod that Sir Harry Atkinson and his oolloagues had tondored thoir resignations to i tho Governor, Mu. BALT.AXCE annouuced that ho had been asked to form an Administration, and that he had accepted the task, ANOTIIEII "sign o£ the times " in this country, says our corrospandont, whose Parisian Go,si'p is published in this issue, ib the fact that the lesson on tho two-edged nature of protection is gradually being brought home to tho perception of the French mind by tho provisions of the M'Kinley Bill. PiKncDWus telegraphed from Bathurst of tbo new cavo discovered at the Jenolan Oaves «tato that the new chamber is a magnificent one, iiUOfL long, varying in width from G to IS ft-, and in height from ilft Gin. at tho lowost point to 20 or 25 ft. at tho li ¡ghost. The new cavo was entered from, the Eldor Cove. Two unionist shearors have beon dismissed from tho Ceoil Plain« Btation, on the Darling Downs, for refusing to sboar under the nowly-adoptod pas- toralists.' agreement. Ttioir places hare boen ulled by freo labour. A JIAK named Goorgo Sydenham, employed at Itussoli's foundry, Nowcostlo, while repairing an engino yesterday afternoon, got his leg entangled is a chain, which was drawn round tho wheel, cut- ting the leg off just above tho knee. He is now ii a critical condition. THE Goulburn Police Court was crowded yostor day, when the caeo against Captain Rossi for dis- turbing a oongregatiou came on. Tho Bench, after hearing the ovidenoo, dismissed the case, tho. den- alon causing great applause. As a result of tho fire which ooonrrod early yes- terday morning in York- stroot, the second floor is comji olely gutted, and all tho contonts aro severely damagod by Oro, neat, and water. The third floor is slightly damagod. Altogether the loss sustaiuod amouuts to about £-101)0. AN American ship, loadod with flax for New York, caught ure at Auckland yesterday, and, owing to tho difficulty of getting at the Ure, the vessel had to be scuttled, TnE sum of £1500 has already been subscribed towards the fund being raisod for the family of the lato Rev. Dr. Hannay, searotary of tbo Congrega- tional Union, TUB Rev. W. T, Whitley baa boen appointod instructor of the Baptist Kew College, Melbourne, and will sail from Loudon in April TUB rocant doings of the Nihilists and their murder of General tfclivcrstoff, tho Russian viows on Dr. Koch's remedy, and tho departure of Rubin- stein from his position as Dirootor of the Conserva- toire oro dealt with by our corresponden! In his St. Petersburg -Letter, which appears in this issue. A BETDnN or tho shipping trado of the Richmond River for tho last year BUOWS that nearly 18,000 tons of coal wero imported during the year. MEAT-CIIILLI.NO works are to be erected at Gunnedah, provided the necessary support is forth coming fiom tbo etocuownor«. TUE oxport of coal from Nowcastlo during the past week bon been rJ0,915 tons, Os Thursday the Louth coaoh had a narrow escapo from a serious accident, owing to the horsoi bolting about four milos from Louth, and capsizing tho coach over a wire fonce. A lady passenger and two children escaped unhurt. AT Louth the river is reported to bo atill rising Tory fast. WIUDEBFOBOE, near Windsor, was yisited by a ?terrifio «tonn on Widoesdcy, peach and other fruit trees being torn up nnj blown into the rivor, \ The storm was confined to about a quarter of a milo of country. Tun disenso in horses is now general throughout tbo city, and a number of animals havo died. At ii oin rs. M'Mabon's tbo disoiso has run right through tho 200 horses in their atubloi, anl three have died. A DEPUTATION from tho Amateur Athletic Asso- ciation of Now South Wales waited on Lord Jersey yoiterday afternoon, and prc-ented him with an address of welcome. His Excellenoy has accepted tbo position of patron of the association. AT noon on Monday the Lang Memorial Statae is to bo unvoiled in Wynyard, square by Mrs, Lang in tho piesouco of a distinguished company, in- cluding his £ esilonoy the Governor. His BxcolUncy the Governor yesterday visited Callan Park Asylum in company with Sir Henry Parkes. Dunrsa tho month of December there wera 251 births recoidod in Sydney, of which number 110 were waits aud 144 wero lómales. TUB total number of deaths in the metropolis during Deoem or was 512, being tbc lowest for that month «ince 1881. A DEPUIATIOK of citizens waited on tho Mayor of Sydnoy yesterday to protest against tho system of tipping rubbian in tho neighbourhood of Mooro Paik. IK Melbourne an agitation is proceeding with a viow of io-iormiiig and reconstituting on a purely repiesentativo basis the Trades Hall Council, and at a meeting held last night a motion wna brought forward that, to qualify a member he thould be a bona-lide woruing member (unless salaried officer) of tho society ho rojjresenls, and shall have been a unionist tor five years. A BCILDINO eight storeys high, and of fire-proof construction throughout, is to be «reeled in Mel- bourne, at tho coiner of Collins and Queen streets. , SrsasiNo in regard to the quarantining of the li.M.S. Victoria, the president of the Contrai Board of Health in South Australia cays that what is wanted is a federal quarantine station. As address to tho Queen, submitting the resolu- tions rcpocting tho Now Hebrides, was adopted at tho meeting or the Federal Counoil yesterday, and it was oidered that it be forwardod to tbo Governor of Tasmania for transmission to the Secretary of State for the Colonies, TUE Prosidont said, in regard to the position of the Council, about which there was como misappre- hension, that although sis members were now prenant tbe counoil consisted of nine members. Tile council had done the wotk wbieh waa required to bo done, and which could not bo done by any other legally constituted body in Australia. Mu PAUKELL cantomplaios sending a delegate to Australis. . THE roport that the Government contemplates an early dissolution of Parliament is denied by Lord Salisbury. Mu. PAKNELT, has givon notico in the Houso of Commons of his intention to move a resolution criticising the administration of the Crimes Aot, AT the Contra! Police Court yostorday, Frank Churton, charged with conspiring to dofroud, was committed for trial at tbe Court of Quarter Soisions. AT the inquost yesterday on the body of tho man found in tbo Rollorn railway tunnel the jury returned a verdict of accidental death, and added a rider to the effect that tho Commissioners woro to blaine in not entorcing tho bylaw relating to tres- passers. LORD CAEMNTON, speaking at a banquet in Lon- don, has declared that Australia will remain British at all hazards, and is determined to keep its Anglo Saxon origin puro. A roLiTiCAT, crisis has ooourred in Brazil. General Fonsoca, the President, has quarrelled with his Ministry, and has dismissed thom. Tnis afternoon tho third-class raco o£ the Prince Alfred Yacht Club will be sailed. TO-DAY, on tbo Association Cricket Ground, the cricket match between Now South "Wales and Victoria will bo begun. AN artiola by our spooial reporter, entitled " A Day at the Post Offloo," appears in this issuo. TnE Irish Relief Fund now amounts to £10,000. BAH silver is quoted at Se ll£d per ounce. IK the mining market yostorday very few salos wero effootod, and scrip decreased in value. Tan Customs revenuo rocolvod yesterday arfounted to £5895._ The half-yearly report of the Trades and Labour Council, roud at tho meeting the other night, is of more than ordinary interest, because it reviews the operations of the council throughout a poriod pro- bably the moat eventful in its history, and gives us a glimpse of the results of re- flection thereupon by tho official mind at the close. The report was adopted with special marks of approval by the large body of delegates present, and it is to be inferred that it was gratifying as to its mattor and acceptable as to its tone an inferenoe which, if correct, arida con- siderably to its significance. One portion of the report deals "with the numerous disputes of varying degrees of'mpartanca that received tha attention of tie council during the half-year, and it is «niions to notico how, in what is little n_o_o than a descriptivo catalogue, there is a sort of general suggestion that the resp_naiM._ty for disturbance lay with the etiployCrg throughout. Perhaps it will i* 8aj¿ that it is not the busino\a of the council or its secretar? to look at these matters from tae employers' point of view ; but there \s reason to believe that there wouli b) fewor trade disputes, and less difficulty ii settling them, if there wero a more goderai disposition to admit that such questions may have two sides, and if the habit of endeavouring always to consider both were cultivated. We havo no desire to be hypercritical in directing attention to the fact that the council, which now represents 08 societies that consist of about 40,000 members, end has made considerable progress numerically during the half-year, is described as the " Parliament of Labour." We have reoontly soen how muoh importance is attached to the influence of pbrases, and how, though vague in themselves, they are used with the definite purpose of producing effect. The question of interest hore is whether the adoption of this particular title is a mere accident, or is indicative of the actual existence of a, feeling amongst working-men that by the formation of unions, and the affiliation of separate unions to a central representative council, they have really creatod an authority with power to make laws aud enforce them. At any rato the troubles of the list half year would seem to havo strengthened the position of the council as the centre of unionism, for the number of affiliated societies increased during the six months of contest from 58, with an aggro, ate of 35,000 members, to 68, with a member- ship of 40,000. Whether this pro gross will be permanent, or is only traceable to special efforts, and the influence of excited feeling during the late general strike, time will show ; bit the counoil has appointed a committee for the sole purpose of organising labour, tnd as the work is to be curried ou syotomat-cally, the sa guino expectations expressed >n tho report may be fulfilled. We are lok that " in the country distriote-the hotbeds o£ non-unionism-muoh good is bein; ef- fected." Here, again, we have a phrase curiously indicating the tone of feeling; and drift of thought before referred to. To uubiusBi-d minds it would generally appear likely enough that there snou'd be hotbeds of unionism, because it is an artificial product, depending much tpon forcing operutions for its growth, whereas non-unionism should grow in the open lir, and under the normal conditions of .ho mee. To tho secretary and members of the council, apparently, the case presorts itself in on ultogetner different light. Much interest attaches to the secretary's summary of the causes of the failure of tie lute strike, and of the lessons to bo derived therefrom. Ona of the recognised causes of fuiluro was " the great amount of un- organised surplus labour available from one end of Australia ti. the other." There is evidence hero of truer insight th|m in the mutter of the hotbed theury ; and the clear perception of this, the chief cause of the failure of the late strike, / has led to the strong etlorts that are being made to bring labour of every kind within the network of organisa- tion. But the twofold description of the labour that was available last yeal for the purpose of tilling the places of those who withdrew from employment is oiii-Ugh ot itself to show (hut there are difficulties in solving the problem. If from ono end of Australia to tho other there is a great amount of labour whioh is not only "unorganised," but "surplus," it is not quite olear that tho condition of hbour would be improved by the mere extension of the range of organisation. The'mag nitude of the surplus depends upon tho ratio between tho available apount of labour, and the avuilublo amount of employment ; and if it be eo, we must oxpeot to ünd that the application _f any check to the nutural expansion of enploy ment whilst the population is sioudiiy increasing year by year would calse the surplus to grow. Now the progresi of tho organisation of labour may, unie» groat care be exercieed, be accompanied ty stag- nation or retrogression where employ- ment is concerned ; and the question iii whether progressive orguiisation would in that case undertake the responsibility of providing for the _vor increasing surplus. Another alleged <ause of the failure was '' the bitter hostiliy of the Press," Surely wo have boro anither illustration of the need for learninj to look on both sides. . he Press wai not bitterly hostile to the labour movenent because it did not undertake its tnre served advocacy. The Presi» renderot tho lubuur movement the friendly servie of publishing freely the inioruiation pre- sented and the opinions expressed ly its leaders. The comments of the Press,like the judgment of the public, were fotnded upon the published facts, and if the 'ress was bitterly hostile the public wis bitcrly hostile. Tue public, as the mea^renas of its contributions to the strike fund shoved, did not givo the movement unquaiûed support. Suroly, if the attituuo of the Press and the public could rightly be described as one of hostility, the statenent of the fact by the labour louders wouli be an acknowledgment that there was a pro- voking cause. Another alleged reieoa for the fuiluro was " the aBsistunce so fooly rendered by Government to the capitalst,'' There is another side to that question .lso. The Government acted for tho proservition of order and the protection of peremal liborty-causes in which labour it as deeply interested as capital ; and if the Government had nut been influence! by feelings of moderation and unwillingness to exoroise its power before the acual necessity arose, it would havo intervened in the interest of the public with grater promptitude and force. The last ctuso named is " the extraordinary compact rod fierce determination of the employing class to overcome unionism among tho working class at whatever cost." It nay bo suggested that tho employing cass simply refused to surrender to an un.re cedented and fierce attack, and mace a peaceful though rexoluto and succoaiful defence. We are all desiroun of wilnessng a friendly understanding between captai and labour; but there is not much en- couragement in the discovery that isis possible for different men to regardthe same things in Buch opposite ways. As tu the lessons tuught by tliofailtinof the strike, one is " to count well our cha.cei before engaging in another such conähe" There is cause for congratulation in tho fact that this lesson has been read, and wo can only hope that it will be thoroughly digested, and wisely applied. Anothe: is " to marshal our forces for the ballot box." Of this it may le said that if is bettor to follow constitutional than un- constitutional ways, although serious d ngers may await the country if in the exercise of the franchise the publiointortsts were sacrifled to the interest! of a olsfls. Another lei-Boii ia" to »maes »good fighting fund, and not depend upon publio «rmpathy." What is the precise meaning of this? . Is it that organised labour aliould deliberately prepare for an attack upon the interests of all other classes of the community ? Publio sympathy may ' generally be depended upon when labour koa a good oase ; and to discard all de- pendence upon public sympathy, and to ¿moss a good fighting fund instead, comus very near to admitting that success is tho thing to bo fought for, and that it matters little whother the cause be good or bad. ?¡Vo can hardly believe that the pructico of mob a doctrino as this will, in the -words of the Secretary, " enablo labour the better to hasten its own salvation.1' It is from such teaching that labour needs to be saved. _________________________________ The diecovery of a missing manusoript of AMSTOTLE in the British Museum is one of those interesting circumstances thut make a stir now and then iu the world of letters, and excite classicists and thinkerB alike with the suggestion they convoy of anew light to be thrown on the dark . places of controversy. It may be that this treatise on the Constitution of Athens will supply a link botweon the " two Aris totleB," and help to clear up a doubt which has moro or less consciously existed from the day on which ANDBONICUS first issued his edition of the Stagyrite in the face of the existing catalogue of DIOGENES LAEHTIBS, down to the times of AVEEUJOES and Ai_BE_m.s MAGNUS, and HAMPDEN and GBOTE. It is hard to seo, however, how the interest of tho question can now be anything more than academi- cal. Whether the edition of ANDKONICUS was the original or not, it is sufficient for practical purpo-es to know that it presents the sum of what has been »ccepted an the Aristotelian philosophy, and the question as to whother that edition I or the catalogue of DIOGENES LAEMIUS best represents the author's own handi- work muy be left to the bibliographers to decide or wrangle over as it may happen. The circumstance that the title ot the mnnu-cipt in the British Museum corresponds to that of one in tho Laertian and ononymouB catalogues is an argument in favour of the authenticity of , the Dialogues known to CiCEno and his ' contemporaries. But whether those were fcirgoriea circulated while the true text was mder the ground at Soepnii.,or supplemen- tary authentic wrilingB which their alleged author did not think worthy of special preservutioii, it is at least certain that they throw no additional light on the Peripa- tetic philosophy, nor is it likely that the newly-found treasure will help them in that particular. It may at first sight seem curious enough that a manuscript should require to be "discovered " in such a repository of .recovered treasures as the British Museum, but the, circumstance is by no moans un- precedented, We recall the story that JBENVENDTO tells, in his commentary on DANTE, of the visit paid by BOCCACCIO to Monte Cassino. Thut great nursery of learning was for centuries the intellectual bulwark of Europe and civilisation. Its library and literary urchives were . un- rivalled in Christendom or the East, and it is to the Benedictine monks who laboured ia the Scriptorium of that venerable abbey; with its thirteen centurios of history, that the world owes the rescuo and preservation ot a large share of the literary treasures of the antique world. Yet BOCCACCIO found even here " many and various volumes of ancient and rare works " that had been over- lain by the dunt of ages, and it has fre- quently been necessary to erase a meditoval script to get at tho text of a classic under- neath, in a pleasant book of CÜHZON'S on " The Monasteries " of the Le- vant,'' that good-humoured bibliophile talla a similar tile about Mount A thoa and other repositorios of the Eastern Ohuroh. This lutest discovery in tho British Museum only proves that, with the perfection of modem arrangement, and the kcennoHB of modern curiosity, it is still possible for ivaluublo manuscript to bo lost among the »chives that havo boon collected to avert nch a catastrophe. It is tho moro curious that any of the Aristotelio manuscripts should have been mibluid in this wuy, since lot many a long year in the Middle Ages everything available of the kind was eagerly conuod by the literati both of the Orient and Occident, and the timo of tho Schoolmen was about ¡equally divided between the saored BcripturoB and the text of the Stagyrite. Ihe difficulties with even the known text wire not inconsiderable, and it is reported tbatAvEiuioEs, who may bo said to have re-introduced Aristotle to the scholastics of the twelfth and subsequent centurios, was only familiar with the author upon whorn he commentated ia a bad translation into tho Syriac from the Latin-probably of iomiiius, who issued an edition in that languugo in the sixth century. It is so far from true that the WeBt owe» its knowledge of AHISTOTLE to the Arabian philosophers, however, that even so far back as the controversies that split the early Church over the Arian heresy the text and methods of the Stagyrite were freely used. This question of tbo recovered original »anuscnpts suggests something moro than a passing thought on the attitude of the public intelligence towards such authors of systems as the founders of tha Peripatetic Mhool. It is singular that, while the learned world ia preparing to agitato itself over thm discovery, a cheap edition of the writings of AIUSTOTXE has been issued-in what is known as tho Camelot Series-for populur use. There wa striking suggestion of the develop- ment of the intellectual curiosity of the MûssoB and their interest in the higher flights of philosophic spéculation in the contrast between such a little himdbook and the portentous tomes in which tho scholars of the past read their ABIS ïorus, and yet the faot that popular taste has taken a tura in this direotion ia by no moans singular. AIUSTOTLE perhaps »ore than any other of tho ancionts had Tvhat was essentially "a modern amd," in the present acceptation of wat phrase. With the knowledge M the art of dissection that was banded down to him hy the family tradition of his time, ho seoms to havo in- herit, d also in a marked degree that testo T experiment and analysis which, with bis directness and critical eye for fact, «tamp« him so unmistakably as a man of tbe world. Where PI.ATO, his master, per eomtjes the philosophy of the Ideal, AWSTOTLE typilies that of tha Real, and T "impertinent loquacity," as Dr. HAMPDEN colls it in his "Fathers of woek Philosophy," jB as distinctly a aooern characteristic as his contention wat sense is tho foundution of all know- le, and his itiBtinct for subjecting everything on earth or in the air to tho strictest Boiontiuc test, PLATO was as auch the apostle of the Greek creod of »» ¿Esthetic as MOSES was of tho .ludaio gospel of the Moral, and it is significant of the difference between »o methods of the Lyceum and the Academy that, whereas the logic-chopping «agyrite wat. couple. I in men's minde with «BPHÏBT and JITUAN and NEBTOBIUS until i the author of the '' Summa Theologica ' christianised him, his master has always been an"open favourite -with the dootors and the fathers of the early Church. There waa too muoh of the aotion of a corrosive acid about tho pupil's methods to make him tolerant of the ecstatics of his master, and where PLATO was contemplativo and creative, AnisTOTi/c was essentially active minded and analytic HUMBOLDT says of him that he had not even a " Greak mind ;" he certainly sacrificed manner for matter, and the causticity and inelegance of style of " our Aais TOTEE " were certainly foreign to Hellenio repose and delight in the graces of form. Ho was the father- of logic, and his methods of applying it cloBely resemble the operation of what is known as tha modern spirit of inquiry. It was iu his pages that the Scholastics learnt their fine perceptions of the delicate shades in the diminution of things, and the people who glibly repeat catch- phrases about the hair-splitting subtleties of the Schoolmen forset, or probably never knew, that this is part of what the Stagyrite taught thom. They fail to perceive that many a knotty puzzle and complicated problem in the reviews and metaphysical novels of this end of our own century state question« that DUNS SCOTCS and AXBKETUS MAGNUS threshed out under the guidance of the father of the philosophy of the Peripatetics, centuries back in the Dark Ages. The confusion that is occurring over the passenger» of the K.M.S. Victoria sup- plies a new and vigorous argument tor federation, in BO far at least as quarantine is concerned. After running the blockade into Adelaide, the ship has been pulled up at Melbourne, whore, in tho spirit ot the vaccination theory maintained in the legislation of the colony, all the passengers havo been subjected to com- pulsory vaccination. Whatever may be the efficacy or otherwise of the prophy- lactic, 115 of them have been thereupon landed in Victoria, of whom öO have their destination in New South Wales, whither they have Bet out on their journey over- land, to evade a possible quarantine in Port Jackson, and where they will doubtless arrive without any medical moloBtation by the way. Besides these lhere are 105 on bourd, who will come on by the steamer to S; dney, and, in all proba- bility, will pass under some form of examination or restraint or supervision in the effort to prevent the possibility of small-pox obtaining entrance to this colony. But the ueelessness of any action of the kind must be obvious from the tact thal if there was minchief in the Bhip it has already reached the coun- try, in the landing of a contingent of Victorian passengers who are now inmates in the hotels and homes of the sister colony, und, more directly affecting us, in the fifty passengers who aro coming straight on UB across the border, if they are not, some of them at least, already in this city. Quarantine such as this is, of course, little better than a euar. ; and if small-pox does not come to us, it' will not bo from the stringency of a system of quarantine administered in such a haphazard way. It is true that there are many who regard quarantine altogether as on obsolete and useless melhod of taking precautions against epidemic disease. But however it i muy be in plaoes where the net- work of commerce and travelling is more closely interwoven, it certainly seems to havo served the purpose for us, and tho gravest epidemics havo not hitherto been abie to leap the cordon of sanitary protection that we have drawn around us. How long it will continue so remains to be seen ; lor in the East, and away beyond the Pacific, as well as in the crowded seaports of Great Britain and the Continent of Europe, Bmall-pox ia very rife, and our intercourse with these places is becoming more inti- mate every year, "while Indian cholera and American yellow Jack and other deadly and infectious diseases are right on the line-, of our communications. These being the circumstances, if there is any precautionary value in quarantine, it is the common interest of Aus- tralia that it should not bo any longer administered in the loo3e and in- consistent fashion which has been observed in relation to the passengers of the Vic- toria ; for so soon as ever any one of these diseases finds a footing on any part of the coast line of the continent, it is a meuaoe to the whole of Australia. There is many un advantage to be looked for from the fede- rated colonies acting with one voice and one hand, but probably there is nothing in which uniformity of decision is moro immediately or more urgently demanded than in this matter of federal quarantine. The forty-sixth intercolonial cricket match opens on the Association Ground this afternoon, between the picked teams representing Victoria and thii« colony ; and no doubt the ocoasioa will bring together a largo gathering of admirers of this reputable game. There are several distinguibhing features in con- nection with this particular match that will help to increase the interest,aud perhaps not the least important to many will be the fuct that his Excellency the Governor will make one of his first public appearances at our outdoor sports on this occasion. Then the match itself is one of a long series of alternating triumphs and reverses for both sides. For many years Victoria had succeeded in retaining the lead, but of late the relativo positions of tho contending colonies have been more even. Up to the latest intercolonial match in Melbourne last month the record stood ut 22 matcheB gained by each side. On that occasion the Victorians won by 30 runs, after a closely-contested match, and the chief interest in the con- test that begins to-day will be centred in tho effort of our men to gain a compensating victory, and on the part of the Victorian players to increase their lead. The teams appear to bo pretty evenly matched. On our side we have lost the bowling services of FEBEIS, though we still havo TUENEE, and good work is expected from CHABLTON. Among the batsmen some characteristic play is looked for from MOSES, the veteran BANNEEIIAN, young GEEGOEY, and some of the others whose performances may be left to spouk for them ; indeed, there is an im- pression thut tho local team is much stronger ia its batsmen than in its bowlers. For Victoria PHILLIPS, who distinguished himself in Melbourne last week, with TBUJIBLE and CAELTON, aro the crack bowlers, while among the batsmen young TAEEANT hits been making excellent play in his practioes here, and TEOTT should be good for a respectable score. It remains to be seen if the popular interest in this Bporfc is reviving in any measure, as the attendance at the lust Victorian mutch might lead us to expect. Wo never see the intense ex- citement, sustained interest, and crowds of spectators of the past in the cricket fields now. Now attraotiona and speotaoular sports of one sort and another, with the surfeit of orioket we have had of late years, have cut tho ground from under the willow-wielders* feet It will bo interest- ing to seo from the attendance at the Association Gronnd to-day if the feeling on thiB subject is on .the turn. In that spirit of fraternisation which is at once tbo cause and effect of " federation in the air," a suggestion has been made in Melbourne that we feel assured will be reciprocated in Sydney. It ÍB that "the treasures of the National Galleries in the two oitie» should be temporarily interchanged to the benedt and pleasure of the citizens of both. It ia true that in tbeBe days of easy and rapid locomotion, with aheap ex- cursions running ut every occasion on which nn exouse can be found, the enjoyment of a trip between the capitals is within tho renou of most ; but thousands and tens of thousands there are to whom such a luxury must be untasted, and for these, if »ot for . all, it would be a boon to have the riches of their National Galleries duplicated by such ar^intorohange as has been suggested. It is needless to , say that each of the galleries has gems of beauty that would give the keenest delight to every lover of the beautiful in art who might not have seen them before, and that the exhibition of the pictures of each collection in the galleries of the other would attract enormous throngs of interested visitors. If any difficulty or risk, or even considerable expense, attended such a course of procedure, objeotion possibly might be rai-ed ; but if the Grosvenor Gallery and some of Iho most valuable productions of British art hu ve travelled to the antipodes, no great difficulty surely could attend tue short and easr transit, a few hundred miles by rail, of our own Slate collections. MOSDÀY next being Anniversary Day, it will b3 observed as a oloso holiday. Tho Goviirnment and publio offices and banks will bo closed from to-day until Tuesday morning. MONDAY next, being a public holiday, the following arrangements will bo observed in the mail branch of the Genoral Post Olllco: -The various offices of that branoh will be open from 8,80 till lu a.m. only, and the morning deliverv only will bo offooted by lotter-oarriers. The oountry mail«, usually despatched in tho after- noon and evening, also the coast« ian, intercolonial, and foreign maila, will clono at 0 a.m" with the exception of the English m tila per Orient Company's etoamer Cuzco, which will olnso on Monday, at 10 a.m. Late letters for tho Uni'ed Kingdo n and foreign countries, will be received at tbo tionoral Poal Odice up to it p.m., on paymont, of a lato fen of 2£d cadi letter ; and at ttto Redfern Railway Station ; No. 5 platform up to C5 p.m. on paymont of a late foe of öd each letter. Tho iron pillar receivers and roceivor» at suburban post offices will only bo clearod at the first usual hour on that day. His Excellency Lord Jersey having oxpressod a desire to inspect the various institutions for the roliof of the afflioted in the colony, a visit was mado to tho Callan Park Insano As\lum yes- terday. The Governor was accompanied by tho Promiar, Sir Uonry Parkoj, and Captaii Cholmondeley, A.D.C., and drovo to the institution at abjut half-past 8 o'clock. The visitors woro met at the entranco to too building by Sr. Manning, medical advisor to the Government, and Dr H. Blaxland, medical superintendent of the usylam, and they wuro Bbown over the building bj these gentlomen. Lord Jeraly was conducted through both male and female wards, and conversed wit i several of tho inmates. There aro now 314 pa ionts in the institution, and the plcasantocss of the surroundings and contooted de- meanour of theso afllicted people speak woll for the attention that is shown them. His Excel- lency appeared to be well pleased with what ho saw of the comfortable quarters of the lnnatica, and ho soeraed vory anxious to learn ail that be could about the in-iti ution. After his inspection ot tho buildings Lord Jersey walked through the grounds, whore the patients were amusing them-clvos at crickot and other sports, 1 he Governor left tbo asylum about 5 o'olook and rotirned to Government Houso. Sir Henry drove diroot to Hampton Villa, Balmain. Tho Cadet Band was in «tiéndanos and played various eo ections during too afternoon. His EXCELLENCY the Governor, Lord Jersey, was ontertainod at dinnsr last night by tbo president and members of tha Union Club. Tnere were moro than 1U0 members presont. After dinner the toast of " Tno Qu»on " wa3 honoured. Tno Presi- dent then proposed trio koalth of "Thi Governor," to which his Excellency replied. Lord Jersey pro po«cd the hoalth of " The President of tha Club," to which the Hon. E. Knox, M.L.C., replied, A MEETINO of the Lang Memorial Committee was hold yosterday afternoon in Wynrard-squnre, wbero the statue of the lite Jlov. John Dunmore Lang has just been erected in readiness to be un- veiled on Monday nexU Tno ooremony, it has been decided, shall take niano at noon. It is to be performed by Mrs. Lung, m the presence of a dis- tinguished company, which will include bis Excel- lency the Governor. The Major of Sydney, Alder- man Burdekin, 11.LA., is to occupy the chair, and BDeeohes aro to be dolivercd by Sir Henry Parkes, Sir John ltobortson, tho Hon. Goorgo Thornton, M.L.O., Mr. G. It. Dibbs, M.LA., and'othors. The oommitteo occupied itself yosterday in arranging various details to ensure, the ceremony being suc- cessfully carried out OH Thursday aftornoon the Minister for Publio Works, accompanied by Mr. Darley, Engineor-in-Chief for Harbours and Eivers, and Mr. Hickson, Engineer- in-Chief and Commis- sioner for Hoads, paid a visit to the reclamation works in course of construction at Long Cove, Inspection showed that two f«cine dykes have boen oonstiuctod, extending from Augu>ius>atreot in the north to Marion-street in tho south. These will form the bank of a future canal three-quarters of a mi o in longth. Sand-pumps are now at work filling in the back ot the dyke on the eastern aide of tho canal. TJp to tho present the cost or tlioso works has amounted to £1-1.000, and tho construction is being oflocted bj day labour, chiefly obta ned from the ranks of unemployed men. Tho object of this reclamation is to do awaj with the objectionablo mud-Hats and convert the area into dry and soiviceable land. There has boen resumed a stretoh of land on the eastern aide of the river, bat, so far, nothing in tho way of resumption has taken place on the opposite bank, Tho letal area of tho land reolaimod is 51) acres, '84£ on the «?astern and 2d_ on tho western Bide, Between 00 and 70 men have oa an average been engaged on the work. A number of alterations are being made, the present operation being the filling in of tho mud - flats with material obtained by dredging from other parts of the barbour. Tho cuñal when mado will bo two chains wide, and in the near future it will be mainly used as a drainage channel, although ulti- mately it will probably be mado a navigable water- way. THE Parliamentary Standing Committee on Publio Works will meet next Tuesday week, and then resume the inquiry concerning -the pro- posed hospital bnildings in Macquario-etreot, and possibly take further evidsnos on the proposed cabio tramway system for several Sydnoy streets. This particular testimony -will >be on the working of the cable tram system in Melbourne. Mr. Thow, the locomotive engineer of the Ballway Department, is now engaged in making special inquiries into the working of electrio and cuble trams in America, and he is expected to reach Sydney by the tiret mail boat arriving hore from San Francisco in March. AB soon as Mr. Thow'a report has been received the committee will in all probability close the inquiry into this >subjeot. It is expected that tho oommitteo will present to Parliamont, toon after the opoaing of next session, reports on the proposed cab o tramways, tho hos- pital buildings in Maoquario-stroet, the colloge for training teachers for tho Publio schools, and the proposed oxtenäion of tbe Kiama to Nowra railway over the Shoalhaven Rivor into tbe town of Nowra, and possibly a recommendation regarding a pro- posed railway line from Cobar to Cockburn, on the South Australian border. In addition te theBe documents there will bo laid on tho tablo of the House tho fifth general report of tho committee, which, awarding to tho provisions of tho Publio Works Act, must be forwarded to his Excellency the Governor before the mooting of Parliament, and laid befere Parliament itself within 11 days after the opening of the session. As M consequence of the oheap -fans, -no lees than ' three »peoial trains jiassed through here (writes our Parramatta oorrospondent) yesterday morning to ths metropolis, crowdod to exco<a with passengers from Bourke, Orange, and 'Blayney di-triots. In some of tho carnages the passengers' only had standing-room. 'WITS reforence to the extonsion-of the Kiama to Nowra railway from ita present proposed terminus aorosa the Shoalhaven Biver to the town o£ Nowra, the ohoiiman ot the Parliamentary Btanding Committoo on Publio Works, Mr. J. Laokey, M.L.O., accompanied by Mr. 0\. Lyno, tho secretary, intonds to visit tho locality at the end of tbo coming week. The viait will not be an official one. A seotional committee visited tho district at the time the pro- posal to extend tho lino from Kiama to Nowra was made, and in its report it was rocommondad thattüo railway should bo tatton into Nowra townshin, in order to soeurs the maximu it amount of traffic Mr. Lackey, howover, not bavin* visited tho district for a number of years, and ns chairman of tho Publio Works Committeo wishing to moke himsolf per- sonally aoqusintod with tho merits of the scheme, will »vail himself of this opportunity to obtain all possible information reianvo to tho proposal to ex- tend the lino to the town of Nowra. Ho will drivo from his residence at Moss Vale to Nowra, and thus thoroughly inspect tho country through which it is proposed to carry the oxten9ion. Mr. Lackoy will reach Nowra on friday or Saturday noxt, and return to 'Svdnoy on or about the following Tuesday. It may bo mentioned that tho bridge over tbo river at Nowra was constructed during Mr. Lackey's tenure of office as Minister for Works. Tin. holiday excursion arrangements mado by the Bail way Commissioners for Monday next are extensivo, To mc-ot tho convenience of those desirous ot utilising to-day's half-holiday several trains will leave Eodfcrn for various places in tbo country. To-day's excursion trams will in- clude one at 1.S0 p.m., and soother at 7 p.m for Kiama, calling at intermediate stations, tho tickets being available for return by tlio trains leaving Kiama at 5.45 p.m., and Wollongong at 8.15 p.m. on Monday. Thero will also be trains at 1.25 and 7 p m. for Newcastle, a similar train leaving Newcastle fur Sydney at 1.80 p.m., at 8 am. for Bathurst, 2.25 p.m. for Mount Victorio, and 5.60 p.m. for Esk- bank (too latter two calling at all stations beyond Penrith), and a train will loavo Orange for Sj dnoy at 8.40. On the Southern line a train will leave Svdnoy at 7.35 a-m. for Goulburn, and at 2 p.m. for Moss Vale, a train leaving Goulburn at 4 p.m. lor Sydney. Sunday trains will loavo Sydney at 8 p.m. for Orango, Orango at 0.10 p.m. for Sydney, Sydney at 0 p.m. for Goulburn, and Goulburn at 1 a.m. for Sydney. The additional trains on Monday will bo numerous. On the Western line trains will leave at 8 am. and 5.50p.m. for Eskbank; at 2.25 p.m. for Katoomba; and at 11 25 p.m. for Penrith; tbe trains from tho country including iho«. from Eskbank at 5 a.m- and 3.15 p.m., from Bathurst at 4.80 a.m., and from Katoomba at 0.85 p.m. On the Southern line there will ba a train from Sydney at 7.55 a.m. lor Goulburn also trains for S«dnoy from Goulburn at 2,20and 7.80 a.m. and 4 p.m., and from ifoss Vale at 7 «.m. On theNorthornlinotrainswillleavo Sydney at 8.15a.m. for Nowcasilo ; .and Nowcastle at 1.85 and 5 in,, and 5.15 p.m. for Sydney. On the Illawarra and South Coast lino thero will be trams from Sydney at 8.30 a-m. and 7 p.m. for Kiama, and at 1U am. for Wollongong ; trains for Svdnoy leaving Kiama at 6.30 turn., 4.80 and 545 p.m. ; and Wollon- gong at 3 25 and 815 p.m. Trains will leave Sydney for the National Park at 8.5, 9.5, 9.-10, 1U 30. and 11.55 a-m., and 12.80. 2.30, 5.81, and 0.30 p.m. ; and leavo tho National Park for Syd ey at 9.2'0, 10.40, 11.15 a.m., and 3.45, 4, 4.-15, 6.15, 0.85, and 7.40 p.m., but the train leaving National Pork at 11.15 a.m. will not stop at Como. On the Northern linos trains will 1-avo for Oooklo Creek (Lake llocquarle) and Gosford (Brisbane Watir) at 8.15 am,; Gosford (Bri-bano Water) at lO.li a.m.; and for the Hawkesbury at a50, 9.3, 9.25, and 10.2 a.m. Trains for Sydney will leave Cockle Creek at 2 ant 5 28 am., and 5.40 p.m.: Gosford at &30 and 7.10 a.m., and 7.5 and 7.15 p.m. ; and the Hawkesbury at 4 and 7.40 a.m., and 4.85, 5.40, 0 55., and 7.45 pm. The country a Iditional loc.l tra ns will includo one from Bathurst at 9 am. for Orango, returning from ths latter placo at 6 p.m.; Teralba for Nowoastle at 10.15 a.m. and 6.45 p.m.; Nswca'tle for Teralba at 1.35, 5, 8.25 u, and 2.5 and 5.15 p.m. ; Newcastle for Wallsend. 8.15 a. ra. and 7 and IO p.m. ; Wnllsend for Nowcaetlo, 9.10 turn., 7.50 and 10,45 pm.; Nowcastlo for Wrst Mait- land, at 7.45, 10 turn., ant 2, 4.45, and 8 pm.; and West Maitland for Noivcastlo ot 9 and 11.30 a.m. and 8.30, 0.30, and 9.30 p.m. Additional trains «ill also run bctwoon Nowcasilo and Waratah. Holiday oxoursion tickets will De issued from all eta ions to all statious, excopt looilly between suburban stations, by all trains to-day, to-morrow, and Monday, availablo for return until Monday, February 9. On the suburb m lines similar tickets will be issued for places not less than 14 milos distant, available for return until the following Wodnosday. Special cheap excursion ticketB will bo iBsued by tho tram leaving Sydney on Monday at 7.55 am. for Goulburn, available for return by tho traía leaving Goulburn at 4 p.m., tho same day, or at 5.20 a.m. oa Tuoaday. These tickets will also bo issued by the train leaving Syduey the same day at 8.15 a.m., for Nowoastle, available for return in th« ovening at 5.15. Passen- gers for stations at which this tram does not Btop must proceed by tbo 8.20 a.m. tram, and return by that leaviag Nowcastlo at 5.80 p.m. Excursionists are requested to procure their tiokots to-day at the Central Booking Ollico, noar the General Post Office, and so avoid the crush at the railway booking ofllcos on Monday. Mu. J. E. BnowH, the Diitctor-Goneral of Forests, has returned from his visit to Broken Hill and Wilcannia, via Melbourne and Adelaido, He travelled from Wilcannia by way of Cobar and Nyngan. Owing to the flooded stato of the oountry the Director-General was provontod from making'a tour through several districts which ho intended to visit. Tna B,M.y. Carthage leaves on Monday for London. Sho has a largo number of passenger«, and included ia tho outward manifest is a ship- ment of £10,000 specie. There will be 500 tons of silver lead bullion and a largo quantity of wool. TELEOUAMS respecting tho K.M.S. Victoria re- ceived by tho P. and 0. Company yestorday aro to tbo effect that sho left Melbourne for Sydney in tho altornoon. It was 6 p.m. when tho s'oam.ir passed Queenscliff, and it is expected Bhe will arrive bera to-morrow morning about 9 o'clock. In view of tho allogod o.so of smallpox reported amongst the crow at Melbourne the hoalth authori- ties hero have taken special procautions. Tncro will be a rigorous examination made on the vossol's arrival, and sho will bo quarantined until the health authorities havo fully considered the reports from the medical staff retained to moko the inspection. A good many of tho Victorias passengers booked for Sydney left at Melbourne, as they had full right to do, after pratique wa9 granted, at that port They had been eub jeolei to the restrictions imposed there, including vaccination. It is no doubt ex tremoly satisfactory that tho alloyed smallpox patient was discovered at tho oppnrtuno moment and the hoalth department hero boing fully alive to tho situation, will bo very particular boforo pratique is granted to the ship. It may be stated that from all thai can be gathered the precautions taken 'at Melbourne havo boen of an exacting character. Fading tho vessel had a doubtful caso on board, strong measures were adopted, by moans of fumigation, disinfecting, and vaocination, to guard against the possibility of iofeotion taking placo. TESTEHDAY afternoon a deputation from the Amateur Athletio Association of Now South Wales, consisting of Messrs. & Burdekin (president), Dr. Wilkinson (chairman of council), Henderson (troa surer), E. a Matks, F. Maddocks, aod J. Campbell waited an Lord Jersey and presented him with an address of wolcome. The address o-cprossod the pleasure of the association at tho appointment of a representative of the Quoen who was not only by position and ability worthy of Hor Majesty's ohoioe, but who had oleo by tradition an¿-tas to boon oloaely identified with tho progress o? »malaur athletio sport in Great Brilaiu. Underbii presidency the AmatcurAtkletioABaooiation .of Groat Britain'had done much to uphold and keep puro tho truo Bpirit of the most nncient of sport*, and "tlioy scarcoly necdod any a-suranco that his sympathy and palronago would be »xtondod in like manner to the kinarod association in this distant ,part of ". raator Britain." In this wo onmo thoy conveyed to his lixcollonoy the earnest hope that ho and Lady Jorsoy might indeed Qnd a homo in tho hearts and thoughts of tho people of Now South Wales as happy and as real as tho home just lett for a time at the command oCHer Majesty tho Queen. His Excellonoy, in accoptlng tho address, Btatod that he would at all times be ready to forward tho interest of true sport in all its forms by his advioo and patronage. Ho relerred to the difficulty of maintaining a puro tone iu athleticism in the old country, but was glad to know that the onion al association .was modelled on the same linos and for the sano purni« as tho k_ndr.d 'association in England. His Excellonoy, in conclusion, accepted the position of patron of the association. &i; to-day's steamer to the Navigator Group, Mr. B. L. Stevenson roturnB to Apia. The stoamor Lubeck having boen dotainod bore owing to the accident to her machinery, tho North Gorman Lloyd Company is despatching the Katoomba. Following upon tho arrival of tho Chief Justice of S»moa, the Commissioners appointe 1 will proceed by this steamer to Apia. The list of passengers inoludos Mr. B. M. Haggard, the Uritish Commis- sioner, and Horr Carl Eggert, the Commissioner for Germany. TnE Mayor of Sydney (Alderman S. Burdekin) yesterday loceived a deputotion, comprising a num- ber of citizens interested in the question, to protest against the system of tipping rubbish in the neigh- bourhood of Moore Park. The dopulation was in-roducod by Alderman Martin, who explained briefly that the mat or had for some timo past been on the agenda of business for the council, but it had nover yet boen reachoi, and tho objeot of tho deputation was to strengthen the hands of tho Mayor in pushing tho matter forward. Messrs, E J. H. Knapp, C, B. Bayno, Aldorman Magnay (Mayor of Woollahra), S. T. Whiddon, J.P., and F. W. Artlett addressed the Major ou tho subject, pointing eut that at tho preBont'timo groat inconvonionco and dotriment to health wore experienced by thepooploin the locality owing to tho noisomo odours from tho rubbish heap, and that experience had shown that tho germs of disoaso might always bo found in such placos should tho land bo built over. It was suggested as a tem- porary expedient that somo spot should be found for the reception of tho rubbish in a loas eottlod locality and nearor to the sea, pending the final doiision of the connoil as to how ruobish should be treated in the future. The Mayor, in reply, said he recognised the great im- portance of this subject, and he complimented tho deputation on having acted promptly in a matter upon which tho publio health would BO muoa do- pend. Experience, he remarked, went to show tint the only cllbctivo means of doaling with refuse would bo through the medium of fire, and this ap- peared to bo tho only solution of the problem. Ho was not nnswerablo for the delay whioh had occurred in dealing with the matter, as the council hal beon waiting for somo eatisfaotory soientifio method of coping with tho difficulty. But in viow of the urgeuoy of the question, ho would at onco forc'o it upon tbo attention of tho oouncil. and press for a decision, as he considered it to be of vital ¡m[K>rtunce. Tho deputation then withdrew. TDE n»xt sitting of tho Land Court will tako place at Darlinghurst on February 0, IK the case of Jame-i Lodger, who was committed for trial at the reoent Circuit Court held at Yass on a charge of disposing of wool subjeot to lien, tbe Attorney-General has decided not to prose oute. YESTBBDAY our Albury correspondent wirod a message to tho effect that a number of selectors'in tuat district compiain of faults in the administra- tion of the Land Act. It was Eaid that selectors hal been eervod with notices topar instalments tbar were airead? paid, one selootor having to produce an olfioial receipt 16 years o,d to prove a payment made at ihat timo. The Mimstor for Lands desires it to be known that tho Department has beon recently engaged in fully investigating this mat er. In no case has thors been notice served to pay instalments whioh had been received 10 years ago, Selectors havo, howovor, been notiflod that certain amounts remain unpaid, and particular inquiry le being made into all oases on the depart- mental books. Mn. JUSTICE FOSTER was engaged yesterday for several hours in hearing two applications in the equity suit Attorney-Genoral v, tho Euroka Sani- tary Patent Company. An interim injunction was granted on the 9th of January at the instance of the Mayor of Hamilton, on motion by tbo Attorney General, to restrain the defendant company from continuing its crematory works for the disposal, of nightsoil at Newtown, within the borough of Hamilton, on tho ground that ' tho oomnanv's operations croited a seriouB and dangerous nuisance. It waa now sought to have this injunction dissolved, on the ground thit on the facts set out in nnmt-rous affidavits filed by tho company, including tbosi of Dr. Ashburton Thompson, and Dr. Harris, medioal officers of the Government, it was obvious that not only did no nuisanco e.\ist, but the works were a positive benefit to Newcastle and n*ighbourhool. Alter hearing tho affidavits his Honor adjourned tho application for a fortnight, to give plaintiffs lime to reply to thom, nnd tho application to mako absoluto a rulo to sequestrate dotendant company's estate for allegod contempt in di-oboying tho order of the Court was also adjourned. Tho injunction was sus- pended, pending tbo further hearing. YESTERDAY Mr. Justice Foster intimated to the members of the legal profession who happenod to bo proseut in couit thitso many orders wore brought to bim during vacation to sign that in future he would enforce the rule that nothing should bo dealt with unless it was accompanied by anaffidivit stating that the matter was ono of urgency, or the document itself showed that it was urgent, Tnis, of cour*o, did not refer to matters expressly pro- vided for in the rule. AT a meeting of tbe Municipal Council of Pros- pect and Sherwood, bel i in the Counoil-ohambors on Thursday evening, a lotter was received from tho secretary of tho Now South Walos Fruitgrowers' Union, forwarding a copy of a potition to the Mayor of Sydney urging the erection of fruit markets on the Goorge-streot \Vo>t Bite, approved of by the union as the most eligbla silo A revision court was hold tho same evening. Throe names were added to the list, and ono onjeotion was dismissed. WE havo been informed that Mr. J. H, Clayton, solicitor, intends to offer himself as a cmdidato for' Arnoliffo Waid, municipality of Rockdale, at the nomination whioh takes place on the 3rd proximo. THE new Publio school at Wentworthville waa informally opened on Monday by Mr. Murray, tho hoadmaBtor, la ely Publio school teacher at Toon- gabbie. Ho delivered a Bhort addross to the sóholars' parents, and friends. Tho school and master's residence aro built of brick, aud th« Government has reserved fivo acres with a view, it is said, to shortly forming an agricultural school. Wa havo rocoived the manifosto of tho Byron Bay Breakwater League, The League "con- sista of the landowners, farmers, dairymoa, cano growers> and residents between Byron Bay and Tenterfield and Bjron Bav and Murwillum- bah. The manifests is intends 1 to protost againt the recent action of the Legislative Counoil in shelving the bill sont up to thom by the Lowor Chamber for the construction of the Byron Bay breakwater. Tne league is satisfied that the question has not boon decidod upon its merits, and IB determined to challongo criticism. CONSIDÉRABLE intorost wai manifested yester- day afternoon at the Fire Brigado Station in Casiloroagh-streot ina publio trial which was mado, with the conourronce of Suponntendont Bear, of a now invention by Mr. J. Hales, known as tho " Automatic Alarm Signal and Fire Extinguisher." Tbo idos of the inventor ie, by means of the action of a magnet-whioh is sot in motion by the heat-to let fall a levor upon bottles of liquid, tho contonts of which would gonerato carbonio acid gas, and thus ovorpower the flames, A small wooden structure was ercoted, inside of which the appliance was placoil, and com bnstible matter having been ignited, tho largo party wbioh had assemblod awaited rosulls. Owing, howover (as contended by the inventor), to tho fact that the door was loft open, tho curront of air through tho building proventod the generation of gss, and though tho appliance proved offectivo so fur as breaking of bottles waa oonoerned, no appre- ciable effect was cauBed on tho flames. Eventually, as tho uro had reached considerable magnitude, it was decided to place the hose on tho struoture, and in a few moments the flames wer« extinguished. The invontor intimated that ha should not bo dis hoartonod by the experiment, and that ho still hoped to be successful. YESTEKDAY tho Central Oommitteo of the Local Option Loague met, the ohairman being the Eev F. B. Boyeo. Tho first business was tho election of an honorary secretary, Mr. E. J. H. Knapp b»inc for tho eighth time unanimously elected. Many lotlors wore tabled and dealt with. The Rov. Dr. ltoseby bsing about to visit England, it was resolved that he bo appointed as representativo of the Loaguo to tho United Kingdom Alii mee, and a uko position was conforred on the Rev, F. B. Boyce, who is on tho ovo of leaving for Now Zea- land, to tho Now Zealand Alliance. "With regard to tho Local Option voto, to bo taken in all mtiuioi palitios exoept Sjdnoy next month, and whioh lost month the league roaolved tho frionds of Local Option should bo roquostod to re- cord their votes against any increase in the numbors of public-houses, the committee decidod to tako steps to inform frionds of tho jioar ' approaoh of this voto und, earnestly request thom to uso their best endeavours to prevent any addition to tho already largo number ot publichousos in the colony. With respect to tbo Publicans' Lioensos Further Reetrio-' tion Bill introduced by tha Government, It waa docidod to support tho measure, and to urge the Parliamentary local option party to do eo, subjeot to certain amendments, amonnst others the removal of tho two-thirds majority in voting, a« being a violation of the domooratio principle of ruling by a majority, and that the Aot should apply to all licenses. AT the invitation of Mr. William Gonpsr, Bom»v 00 mombors past and present of the First Day Adult Sohools, Dovonahiro-stroet and Bookdalo, par- took of tea on Wednesday last at tho Friends' Meeting-house, Dovonshiro-itreet. After tea a con- ference was held, over which Mr. W. Coopor pre- sided, and ho expressed bis pleasure at soring BO many present, and asked all who would Uko to toko part in the mooting to express thoir opinions frooly on how best to oxtond the usofulness of the schools. Many spooohes of a praotiial natur« wero made, and many useful suggest ons offered. . Tho forma- tion of suburban blanches, visitation, and iraol dis- tribution wero nomo amongst many means suggested to advance tho interest of the sohools. ON Wednesday afternoon, Mr. Eobort Walker, of tho firm of Messrs. Allon and Walkor, timbor merchants, Druitt-etrest, was the recipient of an il- luminated address, presented by the employees on his retirement from the firm. The address, which is enriched with drawings of various indigenous wild flowers, and al-o coniainB a photograph of Mr. Walkor and highly-illnminod painiings of tho saw- mills, offices, &c;, was prosontod by tho mananor, Mr. Otto V. Knopp. Mr. Walker briollf expressed his thanks for tho aouvonir of high cs'oom and respect in which ho is held by his late employoos. THE first of a series of six organ recitals was given in St. Matthias' Church, Paddington, last Thursday evening. Mr. A. W. Juncker, who pro aided at tbo organ, randorod eoleotiona from Baptiste, Adam, Petrati, Wely, and Guii mant. The ohoir gavo Burnby's " King all Gioriou"," Mozart's " Piead Thou my cause," aod tha Hallolujah Oborus. Tho soloists for the evening wero Miss L. Galvin (contralto), and Mr. Foeuander (tenor). A BAZ_-_.1I in aid of St Paul's Church, Castle Hill, and the building fund of tho Baulkham Hills Sohoo-church, was held at Baulkham Hills on Wednesday evening. Mir. John Nobbs, M.L.A., took part in ths openim. coremony. The stalls, which wore tastefully arranged, wero prosided over by ladies of the district Daring the eveniag a concert was given. I A PLEASANT entertainment was givon in the Homo of Hopo, Stanlo -Btroet, Nowtown, on Thursday night, by la lies and gentlemen interested m tho mission. Two largo rooms had boon thrown into one for tha purpoie of holding theso monthly concerts, whioh, besides boing a sourco of ruvenue, oontributo to the amusement of tho inmates. Mr. J. M. Wattan occupied tbo chair, and the room was comfortably filled. Mr. G. E. Ardill mentioned that there were in the institution 40 worn m and seven children. Mr. A. M. Orano, who had charge of the magio lantern, showed a number of views de- scribing "Au Ocein Waif." A servico of Bong followed, in whioh Miss Barker, Miss Bell, Miss Thompson, Mr. Rulo, Mr. Sydney Smith, and Masior Smith took part LAST evoning the employees of Mr. W. E. Smith mot in tho American Exchango Hotel. Georgo Btioot, for the puipose of prasenting Mr. Hobart Howard, late foreman of tho machino room, with a silver watoh as a token of the esteem in which ho is held by his feilow-workmen. Mr. Howard suit- ably acknowledged the gift AN INSTANCE in whioh stryohnins has proved euccosBful in tho cure of snakebite has jost boon brought under our notioe. It seems that on Tuesday last 'Mrs. Byan, who lives six miles out of Oberon, walked into the I kitohen barefooted, about 7 o'clock in the even ug. She was bitten by a snake, which proved to bo of the tigor species, and which waa -about 8ft long, Sbo tied a ligature round tho wound. About 10 o'clock in the evmog a messen- ger went to Oberon and called u.ion Dr. Kings- bury, of Newtown, who happened to bo Bpending a holiday there. On arrival he found tho woman m a comatoso state, and almost pulseless. Aftor two hours' treatment, during whioh lio pavo hor several injections of stryohnino, he succeeded in restoring her to consciousness. It was ovident that had medical holp been delayed muoh longer the woman must have died. A NUISANCE along the foreshore, has been drawn attention to recently. Numbers of potsons are in the habit of using the wharfs in the most public places for -their morning bath, quite irrespective of tho annoyance to pnsaengors arriving by steamers. Only tho other morning a breach of this kind o.'ourred at the foot of Margaret-str-iot, while a steamer with a large number of pasaongers was in tho immediate vioinity. upwards ot 20 persons wero bathing off the water frontage at 6 o'clock. The same in deconoy has beou oomnlaincd of in Darling Harbour amongst other parts of the foreshore. THE outbreak of "pink-eye" in horses is now general in the principal stables of the city. The manager of the Sydney Tramway and Omnibus Com- pany states that it is certain to run right through the company's stable, but the company will not be in a worse position than it is at present, because the horses that first took the disease are now con- valescent. There will, however, be fewer buses running for the time being. At Messrs. M'Mnnon'B the disease has run right through tho 200 horses in their stables, but only three have died, and tho ro.t have rocovorod, Six horsoa be lonaing to the City Carrying Cooipany wero soized' with tho malady. The Soap and Candió Company, naf five horses suffering, and three havo diod. Mosers. Shortland and Sons havo had their horses ill for some weeks, the disorder having brokon out about tho middle of December. They have now 15 horsos laid up and three have died, Messrs. Sutton and Sons havo 12 horeos suffering. Considerable | loss and inconvenionco have beon experionood, as tho carrying business is now vory brisk. Thoi »mailor carters who own only two or threo horsaa have also suffered, tho loss pressing oven more > eovercly upon thom than upon tho largor companies. WE havo received a copy of the programme of Mesara, ' Cook and Son's next Japaueao trip. ' A 8LIOUT error appeared In our report of the Five | Dock Borough Council on tho 21st instant. Tho Drum- moyne Council wrote asking for particulars of monov' allegod to bo duo .' to that borough from Five Dook/' 1 and not for money duo to I-'lvo Dook as atatod. " As will bo aeon from an advertinoniom which appears ! elsewhere, tho Hev. J. D. Langloy, of St. Philip's, ! Church-hill, will proaoh to-morrow ovoning on hi«1 acuouie for the relief of Hie unemployed. I THE llov. Hobart Harley, M.A., F.It.G.S., will! preach in tho Congregational Churoh, Petersham, to- ¡i morrow morning. , Tins afternoon Cardinal Moran will open a bazaar in ' tho Athcnmum Hall, Ebley-atreot, Wavorloy, in old of tho St. Claro. Convont School and groundein that,1 locality. 