• T,?E ISERMON. - . His Lordship, on ascendingthl altar, said,, " Behold from,henceforth all natigns shall be. bleared," which.words,'he said, were uttered by the sacred 'lips of the Blessed Virghi Mary after her Interview with the Angell Gabriel, anid at her atubequent visit to her. cousin,St. Elizabeth, 1900.years ago. The words were uttered by inspiration of the Holy Ghost,. and never had prophecy been, more forcibly realired' over every. region of the., .ivilizsd world, not only in the old world,. but even in the. sunny lands .of Australia,, whore altars in abundance, bad. been ereeted to her honor, and, where, month after month, devotions had been, pffered i ,. her praise. The month of 'October -ws, always recoganised by the Church in. Australia as onel of, speoial devotion to the. Bltes-d Virgin, and.he tholugst he c?lild not do better thaq lay before teoin for their coq-. s!deration, a fei o tbheol dims which she bhad. on thelrFlove , We were often accused of giving that upremeo,or divine hoe or whiqh, belongs to God alone'to the Blessed: Virgin.; but he. knew that,..bgfpre a sesible coongrega, tion, it.was needless for .him to refute: that. charge. Wp did isot attempt to,dispute.the. fact that God alone was almighty and. that lie alone could supply our wants and alleviate qor sufferings, but still this. was by ip means a lireventative to our honoring His, f Iitlfdi serva'rts. ,It was. a hqly and most. corm nondabile,, custopa,'- which had . beers hinded down to us from, our aoces-. 9end. uhed which haid been universally practidil in every age, Many of our. anocators were amongst the faithful servants. of God, who had lovedl not served Him here pri e.rithli, snd.who.hbl now gi ne toreap theb reward of their illelity amongut the realms, .of thes.tints in heaven, whore they are loved and honored by Go i himself, If that were so--if (od lii ,self thought fit to honor them. in heaven-surely we, whob were their Inferiors on earth, should not refuse to dos oo Every Catholic believed that the Blessed .Virgin was the mother of God, antl as such honored her more than all the other saints,, but at the sapeu time did not give ber.the lsupreome honor which belonged alone to.God.. With Catholics the honor gien to ..the. Blessed Virgin was mandatory, inasmuch as., the Church called upon all her subjeces to. honor her and pray to her, and had givent them a vivid illustration of how to pray. to her in that beautiful little prayer composed by the Church, "Holy Mdry, Mother of God, pray for us sinnera"now and at the hot 'of our death, Amen." We did not pray.to th Blessed Virgin to assist us by her own power as some people supposed, but we prayed for the intorceasiom with her son on our behalf, firmly believing that as his mother, he would refuseo her nothing which she asked, In all our troublo and dangers then we should never .,*llo.inovoko her,, Even when threatened by.plegucs, pestilence, or other misfortunes to.which humanity is subject her name should be ever on our lips, In all our temp. tations, especially those tending to ths gratllieatlon of our predominant passions, we should never despair, but should remember that tile IleSsed.Virgin is solicitous for our welfare, and in'vites us to seek our assistance in all our trials, Above all at the hour of our,d ·iath,, when the enemies of our .al. *vatliw 'easail us with all their forces;, pwo should,pot fail to have recourse to the `Ble'sed Virgin... .Her.intercession in that sawfulr hoar -wasmoet, poworful, because.5 ' had,.givenbhlsth..to "1rt. . wlho wi b?? )e 4~ ... hrom tlrc,nity, and thcrefore hli as e -e + .rb. t . S..er in all things, We were to;d io Mipture that even when on earth Jesus was daisect to Mary and Joseph. Every act of i ol wboe life was intended as an example to and in this, his obedience to his ,mother 4d St Joseph, children should always en. your to follow in his footsteps. I?be bised Virgin was a claimant to our love for ll these roseons which he had mentioned. She, was also a claimant to our love for havl?g inidiractly contributed to our sal. vatioa. '"He said indirectly contributed because, in the first place, she had given birth to him who died for our salvation, and secondly because she had raised not the slightest objection to his death, knowing that It was necessary for the redemption of man. kind from their forfeiture of all right to heaven brought about on that woeful day when our first parents disobeyed God in the garden of Eden. In the life of the Blessed Virgin was portrayed evqry virtue which. could adorn a Christian soul, remarkable amongst the (thers being her humility, which led her, although raised to the highest dignity it was possible for her divine eon to bestow upon her, to desire to be known only as the'wife of a carpenter and not as the motherof God, How different it. was with ns who, full of pride and vanity, never missed an opportunity of giving full publicity to emoluments and good accom. plishments. The Blessed Virgin was also remarkable for holy purity, a virtuo which required to be jealously guaaed, On all sides we were assailed by frightful temp. tAtions against perseverance in this virtue, Our own passions rise in rebellion against us, and are aided in their war against the soul by the ba, company we keep. Even the most current litarature of the day was a epoweiuh(lctpr' of the devil. There was \- . lý', book o papoer which we took up which had not a tendenocy to allure us from the path of purity. The Blessed Virgin, though free from original sin, and free from 'ill danger of falling from the path of purity "had,lnevertholess, given us a warning of the necessity of preserving this virtue by her determination to lead a life of perpetual chastity. We should pray often and foivently for perseverance in this virtue, whieh, once lost, was very difficult to regain. Its.poasesoson was an invaluable treasure, and its losn meant eternal ruin to the babitual sinner. We should pray frequently todthe Blessed Virgin to obtain this virtue for us, and to obtain for us the grace of perseverance. We should follow her faultless example in all things, and the good examplo of pious persons amongst whom we live, We should'avoid bad company, and bad bookl and p riodicals, which destroy the iroe of purity in the soul and even under lgne faith itself. The Blessed Virgin, as a iidel of virtue, then had claims upon our love; As a mother she also had claims of our love; and, therefore, as a moth3r she was willing to intercede for us with her son, whowas grateful for her fidelity, and who would refuse her nothing. lie said she was our mother because as such her divine son bad recommended her to us on the croae when addressing St. John lie said "Son, behold thy mother;" and addressing the Blesesl Virgin He said "Mother, behold thy son,"' This sacred possession was conveyed through St. John to the whole human race. They were all well awaeo of the sacrifices ,nemades by mothers for their children. They were willing to deprive themselves of every comfort and delicacy, if their doing so would be conducive to their childrene' welfare and happiness; and if they had a child amongst a number who was deformed or otherwise affmicted by theomipiatratlons of Providence tho.seemed to bestow special love and care upon that one. So it was with the Virgin Mary, amongst whose children there were manyiwhoeo souls were deformed by mortal sin, and for whose return to the paths of virtue she was particularly solicitous, We shoull, therefore honor and love her and pray to her frequently, and we would find that 'when death is cirsingour mortal pilgrim. ,age she would not fail to conduct us safely from this world to the bourneof eternal bliss. :His . Lrdship, in conclusion, said he felt great pleasure in coming to lledesdale and discharging the pleasing duty he was about t\dtIerrm. It was a source of great editi. cation to him to see a congregation working in harmony with' their pastor, and he felt assured that God would bless their efforts. When completed their church would be a credit to them. There was no better way of drawing down the blessings of God on their crops, their cattle,. and their other worldly properly and undertakings than by giving him back part of what He had given us by building an edifice which He could call his own, God, as ruler of the seasons and the elements, repaid what was given to Him an hundredfold. He felt sure that they would make a willing and liberal response to the apipeals of their pastor, and that the good work which they had now in hand would soon be completed and freed from debt. The Bishop then, attended by the Rev, 'P. Reanms and the altar attendansts bearing a cruciflS and oandles, moved in procession from the altar to the eastern gable of the churob, where the foundation stone was In rearliness to be laid. This duty performed, ~is Lordship eturn l to the altar. TIHE PRESENTATION. Mr Hill then read and presented the following address to his Lordship To the Most Roverend Dr. ReOville, O.BA., Caesdjutorilishop of Sandhurst, My Lord,-,On behalf of the Catrlholios of edeeddal, Mla Mia, and tLatrict, we offer you a sincere and hear.tfelit wolcomo on this your frst vist t to osr church. We feel most grateful to you fr oeaming to perform the solemn and irmportant function we have justassisted at, and. when, please God, in a few months, you will come again to open ad ldedicate the completed huilding we will have a handsome church, worthy of our holy religion, and at the aom time a me. moral of your in us and in the affairs of hls parish. We promise, withl Godl's help, to spare no pains to make it worthy of its holypurpose. About twenty years ago the foundation stone of the present building rwas laid by the late Achsbishop of Mel bourne, Dr Goold, in whoso diocese Rodesr dale was then includod, and it was finished and freed from debt during the pastorate of the Venerable Dean Geoghegan, of Kyncton. We looked forward to the honos and pleasure of having the venerable Bishop of Sanod. hurst amongst us to.dey, and we deeply regret the state of his health did not allow bhim to undertake the longjourney. We beg your Lordship to convey to him our sym. .nathy in his affliction, as well as our alhnsrn alon end our conratulation on the mauvel* Ions sueess that has crowned his labour during the sevonteen years of his episeopate in this diocese, We pray that Divine Pro. vidence will long spare your Lordship and thetenerable Bishop of Sandhurs t to govesn and guide your extensive and prosperous diocese, and that, with the rot of your flock, we may continue to share the blessings of .yonr ever watcbful car·. In conclusion, we .beg your Lordshbip's acceptance of a set of chsreh plato an a small memento of this appy oocaslon, and remain, your dutiful hblidren, Pat. Koarns, pastor George Took Thomas Dwyer Patrick Tona sChaules Westblado John H'Nift "Matthew Moroney Frederiek Hill John CUoaney James Cullen John Noonan Arthltr Grlbbin The set of churoh plate, conssleting of a beautiful electro.platl ower, basin, candles stick, salvers, &re.;, used by a Bishop in the celebrstion of Mesa, was then presentedl by Mr Thomas Dwyer, His Lordehip, in acknowledgment, sald that words could hardly convoy his thanks for the kindness shown to him. He always fel a great pleasure in coming to country districts to witness tllhat health and inao cence and purity ,If atmosphere which eemed to thrive better inr the oiuntry than in the town, He would convey their kind wishes to their venerable Bishop, aud per. snnally he wonli never forget them in his prayers. sit the conclusion of the ceremonies luncheon was gratoltously provided for the Svlsitore at the Redesdale Hotel by Meadames )-'lff, Dwyer, and Colloen. The tables wee sumptuously andi neatly laid, and werQ pn.Idsed over by MBa M'Niff and Mrs Cohlen, ;ndthe Misses M'Nlff, Drier, and 'oll?n. Owing to the lateness of the hour the toasts customary on such occasions were dispensed with. The 0 Kyneton Observer," in itsreport, adds .--" After delivering the sermon, the Bishop congratulated the congregation'oh having t-ken the work in hand of. improv; ing the church. He said that a few Ban. navas back he had opened a little church at Knoweley, and he was pleased to say that though the population of that portion of the-district was scanty, the church was out of debt, The Redeedalo Church would, when completed, be a credit to the district. They were in a better position than people in other localities, as they had £200 in hand, but 9.800 rore would be required to free the building f;om debt. By subscribing to the church they would be giving hack to God a little of the bounty they had received, and they would not suffer in the end by their liberality." 