IMovdist. ' I NOW rillST PUIIURIICO. j The Verdict Was-? — ♦♦♦ ? A STORY OF NORTH. QUEENSLAND Jly HnrnUl 31. Manl.-ensle, Author of 'The. Squatter's Dtmghtrr.' CHAPTER I. ' A. WAKEFUL NICIIIT. Tho suit had sunk to rest hours ngo, lending poaco and calmness to tho scone. Although tho hands of tho .clock on tho mantelshelf /pointed to tho small hours, little or no sleep ns yet had come to tho eyes o! Sybil Prescotr. Tho room wns furnished in that light and airy stylo so oftou booh in tropicnl climates. On tho floor, which onco had \- boasted of varnish- but.no w dulled by long usage and fiorco noon-day suns, ' wore scattered rugs of 'opossum mid wallaby. Tn tho centre of- tho. apartment stood a largo bed, so, situated ns to catch every particle of broezo which on this calm and sultry night whs wafted through tho room in scarce sufficient forco to have extinguished a lucit'er. Under the canopy of .a mosquito cur tain, despito tho careful hunt of a black attendant to rid Sybil of his tormentors, buzzed, and pinged as murderous a set' of demons as Queensland can boast. Lying thus with now and then a violent dart at a moro than usually audacious member of tho tribe, which invariably ended in missing the' fair one (for wo arc told, that it is only tho fomale that bites) she! would, soar merrily upward^ serenading as she flow to prcparo for n ' fresh onset. ' Mosquitoes nro bud enough at all times, but when to this is added a mind o'orwrought with thoughts distracting — , try to' banish' thorn as one may— surely tho cup of woe is filled to its utmost. This wns Sybil's case, when for tho hundredth timo he tossed and turned on his weary, pillows with tho ever ominous hum of mosquitoes ringing in his oars. ' Confound the thing 1 I can stand it no longer t' he oxolaimed, dashing the curtains ' aside and reaching out for a cigarette. Having lit- the consoling1 roll of rico paper and tobacco, he thrust his feet; into a capaoioua pair of Chinese slippers and sauntered on to the verandah. Ilere comfortably ensconced in a long cane loungo he secmod more at ease as he watohod the blue rings of smoke curling upwards in tho air. Tho stni's woro out in great clusters of diamonds ; shining with thut intonso brilliancy and purity which alono run ho viewed in hot-lutituilee. Never had the pulling of tho fragrant wuod Boomed to bring such, coi'solntion to Sybil. His mind was sore troubled and nooded some thing wheroby relief, if oul.v temporary, might bu afforded, and thin ho was seek ing from the goddess Nicotin i. And has she not-dimo . nincli to soothe the aching bruin of man ? Have wo not hoard of casps whore bravo men, though di'ath wero nigh, and each moment might prove' tho' laBt, calmly awaiting it with pipe in mouth ? Whilst Sybil is .contemplating tho heavens \t will bo a favorable oppor tunity lo inquire what has brought him to this rising colony of Northern Aus tralia. ' ' * „ That ho was not an Australian by birth would have almost convinced an observer at first glance. His looks, manner and everything else connected with him hnd an, unmistaknblo English appearance, and surrounded as lie was on the planta tion with a varied assortment of humanity, ?'eluding South Sea Island savages, Malays, and tho roughest speoicB of the Queensland bnck- woodsman, who dilTors but little from tho rest, exsopt that his ?kin may bo a few degrees' less swarthy, made him Btnnd out ' conspicuously in their midBt. j;- Sybil had been reared at one of tho good old English puulio'achopls, nnd not a great many years from' tho. time of the readers introduction ho 'was distinguish )j -ng hiniBoif moro, perhaps, in tho crirkot «nd football fields than in tho pursuit of UreKklamliicsor Latiii Prose. Tho msult, whatever cfcoitmight have been had ho sliono in Ihu latter respect, was that most desirable of all qualities^ a. ,«our.d mind in a sound body. To edu cate the mind at tho oxpenso of the £*'., BBw»ei U bad ot nil timoB.butto ex« pji.d a Bufiiciency of force, on- both, in order to attain a mens sana in corporesario is what every right thinking pet son should desire. '???:, - , ? The muscular training which Sybil had undergone in his youth had given to his body that flexibility and energetic move ment enabling Uirii to undergo long'days of fatigue under hot suns which to a less hardened physique might have told sorely upon him. Having quitted Behool, he passed two or three yeara tinder the guidance of y several 'army-crammers,' who failed to drive 'the required subjects into his head in order to qualify him -for commission in the service. Whether it was that Sybil's skull was thicker than the general run. of young men's, : or that ' the dramming system was not ad ministered in proper form, ia a problem still requiring solution. ^ - Tho ; Bporting parson . with whom he had last tnken up his residence was chiefly romarkable for a' knowledge of horseflesh more than any other subject. Sybil would often hold long discussions with him on tho points of a new eqiiino purchase to the exclusion of all such tiring arguments ns to whether or no any two Bides of a triangle are together greater than the third. : ' ??'??'-?:?.-.?'?;? And so the ' time passed* pleasantly enough in tho quaint old Sussex village, which in tho small hours of the morning would often ring with the thquts of the obstreperous young bloods, awaking from their slumbers the hoary-headed parishoners who brought down on the worthy rector's head anything but bles sings. _ ' ..-..'-. f - . - - ' . ? When Sybil had appeared for the fourth time at Burlington House before that array of grim-visaged examiners which havo mado many a daring youne soldier quako in his shoes at the thoughts of being '?plucked,'- he knew within his own mind that tho ' papers sent in wero not up to tho mark. He was right in his conjectures, and once more was hopelessly spun. * 'It's no use; sir,' wero ' the words to hiB father after this, his final attempt; ' I'll have to chuck it up and go out to Australia.' * ? . This sudden determination in order, as it' were, to seek sorao consolation for hav ing failed to '.'become a defender of his country met with but scant approval from Colonel Prescott. He was indig nant nnd displeased to think that his only son could not have followed in tho footsteps which he himself had won so much 'favor in. : 'Go to Australia, if you've set your lienrt upon doing bo,' he hud said s ' but, rcmeinbor, this is the last' thing I could huvo wished. I had hoped that before my death to havo seen you winning honor in something more noble than perhaps driv ing a team of bullocks. However, when a man has been given a receptacle for braiim it can only be regretted that tho necessary article was not supplied. Colonel Proeoott was 'brusque in. man ner, and at times when his reason was governed by passion a vory dangerous person to encounter. In a mood irritable and disploascd with things in conerul, chiefly on account of his son's failure for tho army, ho had bidden Sybil farewell on his journey to Queensland. With this brief outline of Sybil's former life, once more we return to tho verandah from which he lookod on the silvery night. ? - Tho scene was beautiful indeed. A night upon which it seemed that day light had been prolonged, so clear and so bright was it. Tho house looked down upon tho long sloping banks of garden which rciichod to the water's odge- where flashed and sparkled under the moon's white beams tho sluggish river. The house itself was of that delight fully rambling character peculiar to houses wherein the owner, deeming that internal comfort is preferable to external dhow, had illustrated his good sense. Tho rooms it contained were all spacious and airy, which opened out by means of French lights on to a broad verandah running tho wholo length of tho house. Bath-rooms, perhaps* tho most necessary of nil, were made quite a study of in this edifice with their shower?, plunges, and cool lounges for reclining in after the ablutions. '?_..'?- Close b:;sido and convenient for supply ing the inmates with an abmidancy of water ran a clear mountain stream, which even in tho hottest weather felt cool and refreshing to the body. Who that has over passed veary days wliero the akin seems parched and shrivelled for the wunt of tone does not know what this bath in a land of a fierce sun means? It is the very elixir, the restoration of all relaxed energy once moro to. its normal sphere. to say that one's1 breakfast in the land whero sugar grows would not readily bo forgone in favor of a bath is not an exaggeration. ? ' '. Sybil's room faced the south, which was tho best situation for getting the bonelit of tho much longed-for Boa-breeze which generally Bprang up after sun down ; and then with what sweet-smelling aromatic perfumes would the air be ladon, exhaled from stepnanotis and magnolia which grew abundantly in the garden. .:.,-.- Then, ghost-like' in their mournful ruBtling.noiso, with white feathery tops shooting upwards straight as arrows against the deep blue sky, would wave and bend with.every sigh of tho wind the bamboo canes which lined the river bank. On tho opposite side by day, stretching league upon league through trackless jungle as yet undisturbed by the hand of man, the eye could roam at will over foilago from tho darkest olive green to the clearest emerald— changing, -too, .with as' many varying tints as the small lizards which woro there in thousands, basking in a noon-day sun. v At night-fall would gleam and cast its glow heavenwards the camp fire of the untutored Queensland savage who, crouch ing like some demon from the nether world with shrunken limbs and unkempt locks made the only sorry spectacle in an otherwise porfect landscape. _ . .; -.- . In strange contrast to all this wild uncultivated land was the appearance of tholtappoe Plantation, where unceasing toil by busy hands from early morn till tho sun had set was carried on. The well-kept fields of sugar-cane, with its arrowing tops denoting that it was ready and over-ripe for crushing. The ' un ceasing whirr of machinery in tho giant mill as it ground and crushed through tho sunny day the long luscious canes into a pulpy mass, extracting all the thick creamy jtiico whioh ran in sluggish streams from the rollers. The dusky South Soa savages, with grinning faces, knoe-deep in tho immense tmiks shovelling out the thick molassos. AH this spoke of enterprise and activity on tho part of the owners, who lived, in far-away Melbourne. ... v Sybil had clioaon to make his home horo with a vio«r fLomo day of managing tho ofltnto whioh ho now Weld an interest in. Ho was young, not more than twenty-five years of age.' His personal appearance wns taking, though in the itriotsenieofthetermhowaBjo^and sorae. ' IIU good-natured smile, which was ever ready to part his lips, and clear, dark colored eyes established confidence in. him at once, consequently with but few exceptions he was a groat favorite on the plantation. ~ ' - 'He's got the whip hand of mi, has he. 1' he muttered to himself , as . rising from the lounge he tcssed away the fourth cigarette end and paced the verandah as one troubled. He was repeating to himself some words of Maurice Liscombe's, manager of Rap poo, spoken to him that day. ? That any body^ should have dared to try ' and exercise a power of this kind, nay, more, a threat held out to him, in order that he should appear craven in theeyes of others, was more than he could stand. lie feared no one, uud, leant of all, his con scienco, which was clear and freo from the awful charge which he knew Lis combo .intended bringing against him should ho not at once hush it up with largo sums of money. 'Let htm do his worst ; I am prepared. There must be an end sooner or later to this.' . ?-.-? ??'??.'?- He was standing at tho farther end of the verandah spanking to himself and so' ?absorbed with hisown thoughts that the footsteps approaching were unheeded. Suddenly, as if by instinct, he turned quietly on his ? heel and confronted Maurice Liecombe. For a second neither spoke, but stood gnzing at each othor, with the pale moon beams playing en their countenances. At length, Maurice Liscoinbe, a man. short of stature, with a course-looking face and an expression that was not wont to inspire confidence, broke tho silence. 'So, Mr. Prescott, you choose three o'clock in tho morning for taking exorciso besides awakening people from thoirsleep. To this Sybil' made no reply, fearing possibly that had he given his tongue rein something moro than a mere bandy ing of words might havo resulted. Turn ing his back on the manager, ho calmly puffed away at his cigarette. ' Ah 1' exclaimed Liscombe, ' so you still intend to ignore me ? So be it. Re member the conditions upon which I have based my- proposal this afternoon, and unless you comply with them you know the consequences. A month from this date, and unless' thoy are agreed to, you shall be known to the world as the. mur derer of Scrald Dugdale.' For an instant the desire to strike this man, as he would a dog, came over him, but ns suddenly restrained himself nnd gazing fearlessly on Liscombe uttered in words bolh calm and clear : 'That God should havo deomed it worthy to put breath in a body such as yours is boyond comprehension. This thre.it which you hold out to mo, thinking that by so doing you can extort money, does not frighten mo. I say, do your worst. Now I have finished. NVords with you aro useless.' Before the manager had time to make reply Sybil had vanished, leaving him to his own reflections. . In another hour or two the great hot sun had risen, loudly welcomed by shrill- tongued birds of brilliant colors, the low croaking sounds of reptiles which came from their retreats to bask in its genial rays, and' all tho thousand noises which are over present in this steamy sugar land. The month was July, nnd cool enough compared to blazing Decem ber, whltth, indeed, is a veritable vapor bath in Queensland. The morning-bell had sounded, awaken- ing tho hands from their slumbors to begin nnothor day of toil and weariness under a vertical sun. Such a hot sun, the like of which is scarcely realizable by those who havo not stood for hours under its scorching rays within the dense cane brake whither no breeze to refresh the. body finds its way. For hours toil tho coolies, ridding the ground of noxious^ weeds which seem to grow in a night in this natural forcing-house.. Then afar off are seen the -patient plough horses tramping through yielding soil heavy and irksome after the late rains, in order to prepare the ground for next year's crop. Slowly and with mea sured tread, groaning and tugging at their chains, are seen teams of bullocks, dragging bohind them mountain loads of firewood to feed the ever- ready jaws of the huge furnaces, whilst the stalwart driver walks slowly beside them with many a curse on their heads and many a cut from his double- thonged whip when they shirk the slightest. Tho mill grinds on without cessation until the crop is off. No soonor are the day toilers released than a gang for night work succeeds them. ? The huge rollers are silent for a timo and give way to the whirling centrifugals and vacuum pan bubbling and dancing with the saccharine matter * which is to be converted into sugar. It is all life and energy/the work of a sugar plantation. Races from all countries mingle to gether. Xho shrewd Scotch engineer, who has charge : of the machinery ; the heathon Chinaman, who wields an axe to prepare fresh sugar land by felling the jungle; the treacherous Malay, who skulks : and would like to run a knife through anyone who offends* his- dignity were it not that tho laws of Queensland are not thosu of his own peninsula and lie fears the consequences. Then come all the overseers, rouse-abouts, mill hands and workers of all descriptions. Some loading steamers with the precious bags of sugar thut will eventually find their way to the Melbourne and Sydney mar kets, others carting ' tnegass' to the mill furnaces which has been drying under the sun for days pnst. ; . Dusky and well-proportioned' women with babes slung at their backs; move about arrayed in cheap, bright garments purchased at a neighboring store, load ing drays with fuel. For, the women of the South Seas know hard work equally with the men weeding and stripping the cane, laughing with the bright sunshine 'plnying on their pearly teeth, which might cause a sigh of envy from many a less favored woman of fairer hue, nnd over all tho brilliant Bunravs gleaming on whitened roofs and throwing shadows across the purple-huod mountains which frown like mighty fortresses that have been scorohed and wind-swept for cen turies past. . 