\---+L- 110w the 'iUne,* li/. atteed Eats. IiT a paper read before thie tltmbrba Natural Hitottry St:iety recently, and pub liahed in its journal, 1r. Ilnvclntlty, a noteCd /.i',tri, diteaoed the habits of the tiger a:nd eopecinluy the Inude il which it kilte and eits its prey. Somethink Ihe arizes by the throat others by the ntle of the neck from above. Mr. Inveratity has rxaminsd scores of slain animals with special reference to this point, and in every ease but one the throat was seized from below. The exception was an old boar who had been teizetd by the bnck of the neck front above. One of a single tile of villagers who was once eitzed by the nape of the neck ty a man enter, but saved by his companions, had no idea when he recovered his relses what had happened. hlether dislocation of the neck takes place is doubtful. The tamen hunting leopards always kill by pressure on tile wilndpipe, without break. ing the skin; possibly the tiger kills inl the same way. It is only by accident, if at all, that tigers in killing never an imrportant vein or artery, antd no blood to speak of flows from the thront'wounds,' , Very large and powerful animals like the bull, bufealo and bison, if attacked at all, are in tte first instance attacked from the rear, with a view to disable them. Ilating killed, the tiger anlmost invariably begins eating a hind quarter, consuming one or probably both. Somntltes he leaves tile stomach annt intestines as they are; sometimes he will remove them to one eidl. making a neat parcel of thern, A tigar atn a tigress together will Iln'sh at ordinati sized snimnl at one meal,. leartVt only ttk hond,. 'An titclatst it is. itnrebin thinhtt are never eotel where they' ore illed; but are alwvays drggted a shtort dlsan e. The; are not lifted clear of the ground, bet dragged. Itavirg gorged hi'msclf,tht tiger somnetmtnct lies close by its prey, but if it is tbt wacther and there are hills in tile nilothreboultrthood, hl will go a long dtitance toff befor' restling foa tile day. lue preefer to lie in n ecol care ot in a breeze on the hill slde thean in the cloat tot jun:gle. Ile returns next night and lnishes what is left, but lie never eats a ?cO:oUd time on tile same spot, dtilgging tile remains of the prey 40 or 00 yards off. Sportsrucu coming on a t halfdevoured anitmasl al dteiring to catch tile tiger, tie the prey ton tree. The tiger tauts about two hour' steatly eating tt finish the fore quarters of abulluck,. Mr. Inverarity eat over a small tigressene night who ate for ten minute, then wental away for twenty, probably to dtltik, and on her return ate steadily for two antd quartet b hrs, li did not fire, as he could not see her. Tigers are cannitbals; they will zskeo theil meals off each other. They are sapposed* to kill once is five or six days, and no doubt the tiger after a heavy feed does not care to hunt much for n few days; but a tiger tilt, whenerer hte can. They have been known to kill on 14: consecutive nights, l,Mlr. Inverarity believes that attmlse killedt by tigers sulffer little beyond the panic of s few seconds. The shock produces n stupor and dreaminess in which there is no sense of pain or feeling of terror. The powerfu stroke of tile fore paw of the tiger Is n fiction; he clutches with his elarts ason. might with the fingers, but does net strike blow. Tigers wander immenseedistances t night and, as they like easy going, they goon road, and pIaths. 'They do not like to torve des in tie haet of the dlay, as the hot grouno burns their pads and makes them raw. Ther can on ocension climb trees. In Salsette one climbed after a certlal Pandoo, but could not reach hinm, and re tired. Pandoo, thinking the constelear,go" down and ran toward home, but on the wa: lascaught by the tiger and killed. TiTe inquest report stated that Pandot flted of thie tiger eating him ; there was no "otter cause of death. Notbltng wte -let ciceept somne fingers, which probably be longed to tile rigtt or left hand." Native inave a belief that the ghosts of the man eater's victims ride in his edand and war him of danger, or point the way to fresal victims. 