THE FASTER BREAK-FASTIHQ. THE HUNGRY MAN AT THE WAXWORKS. HE ESCHEWS 11 SLOPS" AND OHOOSES OATMEAL. " IT WAS A DRKADFUL NIGHT." Fortified with d good breakfast of beef steak aud triinmingH, and having that feeling of solf-Kntisfuction ami happy contentment which an Knglishman ulway experience when his waist-luml liglitcns, wu dropped in at trio wax works this morning t" see tlio " hungry man," Felix Tanner. He was there, caltnlv writing a letter on pink note-paper toSyJ- ney, ami coupling tho pink uotepapcr witli tho ghost of a blush that mounted hi pale nml sunken cht-oks, wo surmised tiiat llio letter was to asdiiro someone whoso good opinion ho valued, that, though a fasting man, lie won no 41 faster" than ho Hhould Iw. Ho looked hungry, ami wu told him so. Ho smiled, ami ventured the remark that liu was quite awaru of the fact. 'J'hcu he went on, 41 i nui going to breakfast in a minute or two; will you join tno?" At that moment an attendant brought in a little piato of oatmeal, uud rapidly taking in tho size of it wo declined tiio invitation, with thanks. 'J'ho thought of depriving hint of half his oatmeal after forty days' contemplation of it delights was mora than wo could bear, particularly ns wu iutd just left a solid beefsteak brcukfuat. J'rior to commencing 011 tlio oatmeal, Tanner says :— 44 1 spent uu awful time on Sunday morning early. Ok, God, tho memory of the agony I suflered for fifteen minute causes mo lo shudder now. I have not readied my preaunt age without know ing something of pain, I assure you 5 but all I had previously suffered, if aggregated, would not haw umdc a decent "show against tlioso fifteen minntcH. I writhed in agony, and thought that nt last my "time" had come. When at lost tho pain left me I chtihl do nothing hut fio on my back. 1 was well nigh exhausted. Then eamn tho fearfully oppressive weather of yesterday, followed hy a sleepless night— no, not quite sleepless, 1 slept for uu hour mid n half, nod then 1 was tormented with tho dream that 1 was cnco morofilund well and was banqueting with tho Governor. It was a terrible nieht. Thank God it is overt This morning I feel much butter, mid 1 expect to mend without inter ruption now. J suppose it was tho food ( had taken which hud begun to net upou " Wluit food hnvo I lukon I Welt, un til t thopresoutlhnvohiul nothing oxccpt ohi'ekon broth, hut it has acted so (willfully that I have decided this morning upou taking a llttlo oatmeal. The chiekcu broth nauseated mo and gavo mo a torriblo heartburn, so much so Uuit i spent Sunday utbbling chalk." 44 1 cannot my how long it will bo beforo 1 am well again. 1 shad bo able to loavo tho Waxworks on Saturday, think, but 1 will not bu well, or anything liko it, by that time, it will ho fully four or five months beforo 1 um tiio Fchx Tanner who commenced tins fast. 00k Lit my legs and my arms. (Hero Tanner bared his legs and his arum, and there was a laugh taliind us. Wo turned, and there stood tho fat family of Gippsluud, looking jolly and rollickinu. Wo Hiu.peclcd thoy wero lajghhig in derision. \ltu, though lat enough fcr anything, they wtro innocent of such bareness. It was only Mr Stuart's hearty laugh at tho simplicity of a countryman, who, pointiug to him, said, 44 Good gracious I wife, ho don't look as if fasting disagrees with him, do he)" Tanner showed his legs and arms, ami wc agreed that ho would, indeed, tuke sovcrul months to gut thoroughly right ueahi. " 1 cannot say what uiy intentions for tho futnro aro, just yet. I shall do another fast certainly, hut not hero, and not yet awhile, f shall go home to Knglaml ami try it thoro. You sco it has never been done on water there, and will therefore )>c novel. I shall try 4fi days, loo because -15 days is tho pro- sen rvcuro, touugii mm. was nor accom plished 011 water alone, as I intend to try it. Presently I shall go in for "ballooning" and parachuting. My strength will bo sufficient for that I think. It does not require much. You can strap yourself to tho|mrachutc." " What ubout my weight) I Iwliovo I am getting heavier ; anyhow wo will sco. (Tanner weighed himself, and pulled nino stone.) Deducting a (smtid and a half for tlio iiyjama suit 1 wear, ihr.t makes mo half a pound heavier than when I finished my fast. 44 1 am well satisfied with everything con nected with tho fast, except the conduct of 0110 of tho doctors easting suspicion on »iu at the last moment. His own reports up to tho .'!7th day will condemn him I think, so I need not waste time or words over him." All this time the oatmeal was not touched. Forty days' fasting ami stiil not imngrv i What nu ciysium this would 00 for lmarding house keepers if Uio boarders copied Tanner. 'J'lio 44 faster' looks weak nud doubled up, but ho tuiks fluently uud untiringly, and he tells us that ho has received much attention from somo individuals who regularly visited him in tlio Waxworks. One lady kept him constantly supplied with bouquets of flowers, and Mr Becker, of tiiu J'rinco of Wale' Hotel, rivalled her In this matter. Another lady was so takon witli him thnt she left lior ad dress and naked him to call ami see her after ho had gab through tiiu forty days. Tlio feminiuo JienrL is curiously affected ut times. Has it a heart? or could it hnvo been that sho dislike. cooking nml iiiingincs Tanner would mnku n treasure of a husband, snd one who would never ask what was for dinner, when it would bo ready, or growl ut tho innnnur iu which Ik was conked. But tliero wo left him to his ontmcal, and joining Mr Stuart, tho manager of tho Waxworks, wo learned that tho "fast" has boon a profitnblo speculation. Wo learn, further, that ho has carefully watched Tan. nur lilmaolf and takon notes of how to act when fasting, so Hint whou the rlvor of Birnunt runs dry and there is desolation Iu tho land, bccnuo of llio dearth ofintcrostiug Riibjcstsfor wox-roproduction, tiio placard on the frontdoor will run "Phil Stuart. Fortieth day of fasting." When that cornea oH wo will bo thoro to Tho woman who offered lo fast for 30 days is still desirous of undertaking tlio feat, but Mr Stuurt will not hear of it. 