SPORTING. TURF NOTES. [By 'Hipparion.') Brisbane, Mai* 3--. The first two days of the Q.T.C. Autumn Meeting were an unqualified success. The attendance on Saturday, 23rd, was up to the average of an off day, while on Monday the crowd was the biggest that ever acsembled at Eagle Farm, numbering about 12,000. Both j 6tands were full to overflowing, and both en closures — St. Leger and Grandstand — too. The Governor and party were there for lun cheon on the first day, but racing has no charms for them, and they hurried away as soon as they decently could, even before tbe St. Leger was run, and there was therefore no public decoration of the winner with the red ribbon after the race. £4, COO was invested in the to tali Bator on Saturday, and £8,160 on Monday, a total for tbe two day6 of nearly £13,000. Several improvements have been effected in tbe paddock since last meeting ; a steward's stand close to the judge's box, an electric bell to signal the starts, and also to call the stewards together, and a three-armed semaphore worked by a crank, not, as an in- , genious and imaginative local reporter states, | by electric wires connected with the office, nor does one of the arms bear the words ' weigh j in,' a function that needs no signalling to | ensure its performance ; tlie arms signalling respectively, 'brought out,' i4 saddling,' and 44 go to the post.' New urinals and closets have also been erected. The Grandstand and the sloping lawn in front of it were decorated with valuable plants in tubs and pots, bunyas, tree ferns, staghoms, orchids, and palms, &c.t; brought all the way along with the soil tbey arc set in, by truck from the scrubs in the neighbourhood of Cobb's camp, on the Gympie lino of railway. The weather was fine over head on both days, but the going on Saturday was very solt and slow, ana not very mucn better on Monday. In the Stradbroke Handi cap Glencoe fell at the turn near the quarter mile, and breaking his neck, died on the spot, bringing down in his fall Young Sardonyx, Thirlmere, and Lady Lisgar, neither ef whom, however, nor their jockeys were seriously hurt, though Mark Ryan and Guy were stunned, and dazed for an hour or 60 after recovering their senses. Racing began with the Trial Handicap, for which 19 faced the starter, and a good race ended in the victory of the Archie gelding, Studbook, 3 years, 7 st, 11 lb,, from Pet Girl, 2 years, 7 st,,and Warby, 2 years, 6 st. 13 lbs,, including 6 lbs. over weight. Time, 1 min, 34 sees. Jack Blacklock almost went down on his knees begging the ** Squire of Drayton' not to start Lurline for the next race, the Queen'6 Plate, at w.f.a., in which, Jack averred, the mare had not the ghost of a show ; an opinion in which John Finnie was at one with him, but ' we shall win nothing by keeping her in the stable,' said John, 44 the mare is paid up for, nothing venture nothing have, and fortuna faret fortibu*. Jack was eonvinccd against his will, remaining of the same opinion still, an£ the mare went to the post with tbe unbelieving Jack in the saddle. To his own intense 6ur* prise the mare wa6 going as well as anything at the half-mile, holding her own and more at the quarter ; at the distance she had got the measure of both the cracks, Bedfern and But tons, and coming with one brilliant run, the outsider cut them down in the straight, and won by over a length in 1 min. 48& sees. Red fern beat Buttons by a neck for the barren second honors. 21 went for tbe 6 furlongs Stradbroke Handi cap, and after a' delay of three quarters of an hour at the post, Dan O'Connell got a long way the best of a straggling start, and just managing to hold bis own against the fast-coming Vieier, and George Fox, won by a length, all out, in 1 min. 19} sees. Exile, a b.g. by Kingfisher — Gypsy, who ac cording to report won an Adelaide Cup some years ago (though his name iB not enrolled on the list of winners of that race), won the Hark away Hurdles, easily, under 9 st. 7 lb., from Silver6hot, 11 St. 12 lb., Criterion, third, and nine othei'6. Time for the 2 miles, 4 rains. 5ft secB. Then came the St. Leger, no less than seven horses paying up their 6weeps, in 6pite of the opposition of the the formidable eighth — the crack Greygown, and it was a one-horse race until inside the distance, where Linnegar, hav ing them ail beaten, 14 cased ' down the grev, whereupon Denny Russell, on Dan O'Connell, set his horse going again, and coming vith a very smart run, got bis head in front half-way up the straight ; Linnegar, however, was ju6t, and only juet, equal to the emergency, and sitting down in earnest on the son of Vespa sian, just drew holf-a-length ahead in time, by which distance he was deolared the winner. Refused, who ran a good filly, was third ; the 44 colt of the season,' as the Courier dubs Mueician, a good last but one. Time, 3 mins. 17 sees. The Hamilton Handicap, I mile and a dis tance, for which twelve norsoB weighed oot, was voted a real good thing for Empire, with Lurline, after her Queen'B Plate running, second favorite ; but the raoe reversed those fiositions, the mare winning comfortably at Qst, by a length. Herbert Hunter's colt, Myrus, 6 st. 18 lbs., was a good third. Time, 2 mins, 2 sees. After a day's showers between, the weather again cleared on Mondav, when ten faced the starter for tho Cleveland Plato, 1 mile *, and bore Bedfern showed what a great horse the Northerners have lost, by winning easily under 9 st. 5 lbs., in 1 mi*. 47 w»s., with SpfentUde. 6 it. 10 lbs.) beaten half-a-length ; and Golden* stone redivivuit 7 nt. 4 lbs., a good third. : Soven was tho number for tho rich Sire's Produoo Stakes, 7 furlongs, whiob endod in tho easy victory of John Finnio's filly Pel Girl, by Ormond — Sylvana, by Robinson Crusoe—Lady, ; by Doorfoot. She was followed homo imnic- 1 diately by the handsome but rather diminutive I Rolding, Faux Pas, bred by John Finnic, got by j Ncwbold out of The Sister, by The Drummer— j Tho Novice ; while the good looking Booval who must have gone off eince his trial was an indifferent third. Time, 1 min. 9G socs. Seventeen was the main for the Brisbane Cup, 2 milefl, which gave us one of the best races ever seen on any course, and resulted in the bare half length victory of Lurline, 7 st. 12 lbs., who only just saved her bacon from King Olaf 6 determined challenge, while Musician was a head sway third; less than a length in frout of Button*, Ronuld, and a bunch closc be hind them. Time, 3 mins. 8',) sees. Ronald's rider, M'Tavish, got off very badly, loaning a 100 yards at the start, and, but for tints the Cup must have l-ecn won by Parodiso's colt, for be made up all his lee way bar about three length*, and finished stronger and faster than anything. He was timed to run his two miles indeed in 3 mins. 36 sees, and this by more than one tinieist. Kaffir, who fell in the Harkaway Platoon Saturday, had another jockey up to-day and won the Grand National Hurdles all the way. making all his own running under his light weight 9 st., and never being headed from end to end. Loafer might possibly have won had his jockey possessed a whip, for he was going very well in the straight run home, and wants driving along to get the best out of him, being e^ dreadful slug, though as game as an ant when roused. Time very good, 5 mins. 8ft sees. Favored again by the start, Dan O'Connell got away many lengths in front of everything in the Scarborough Stakes, 9-mile, w.f.a., and he got home by nalf-a-lengtn from Pet Girl, who was catching him hand over fist, though she and others too got away as badly, as Dan did well. Buttons was beaten by a neck for second place. Bedfern was fourth, upsides with Euroka. Twelve started for the Welter Handicap, 9 furlongs, and after Starch had looked like a winner from the half-mile to inside the dis tance. Young Sardonyx shot out half way up, and won very easily, in great style, by a couple of lengths from Starch, in 2 mins. 3 sees. Saturday's races- had to be postponed on account of the weather ; the course being, to all intents and purposes, under water, after the heavy rain, which fell every day since Monday, and the track will not be fit to race on for three or four day6 at earliest. The postponement is unfortunate, as it will necessitate the adjourn ment of Toowoomba, whose meeting is fixed for Wednesday and Thursday next. I am sorry to hear that Mr. W. Kent's pro mising two.year-old colt, Prime Minster, by Westminster— The Australian Peer's dam, has The Gayndah meeting appears to have been \ very successful ; details have already appeared in the Chroniclc. Very good breeding is that of Mr. Cadell's filly Zingara, and from her run ning at Gayndah she appears to be above the average of country two-year-olds. She is by Vespasian out of Apology, by Clarion, out of Battleaxc's dam. Buckingham followed up his Kilkivan suc cesses by appropriating tlie big double, and Mr. Single has a very useful horse in this N. S. Welsh plater. Margett ought to have lieaten everything on her best form, in spite of the weight, and it is just possible tliat Mr. Elliot, holding his rivals too cheap, was too kind to 11i» mora Owners are reminded that nominations for the Q.T.C. Hopeful Stakes, Derby, and St. Leger of '91, '92, and '93 respectively, close on Tuesday, June 2nd. At a meeting of the Q.T.C. stewards this (Saturday) morning it was finally dccidcd to adjourn the third day's racing, fixed for to-day, until Saturday next, June Gth. It is expected that the Toowoomba Turf Club will adjourn for a week in consequence. The Eagle Farm track was£under water this morning, tbe rain was falling heavily, and is still pouring down (at time of writing) ; and even should the wea ther clear up at once, the course cannot pos sibly be fit to race upon for four or five days, and of a clearance there is now very little pros pect. The adjournment of Toowoomba would not interfere with the Gympie fixture, which is set down in the calendar for the 17th and 16th. Owners are reminded that entries close on Wednesday next for the two big handicaps at Rockhampton. Mr. J. A. Langley, too, will receive nomina tions for the Maryborough liandicaps on Friday week, June 12th. At a sale of bloodstock held in Melbourne on Wednesday, 27th, Mr. Herbert Hunter's black colt Mazeppa, by Robinson Crusoe — Squib, fetched 300gs.; buyer G. Glasscock. Mr. ' Commotion ' Pearson gave 245gs. for Jack Woodgate's favourite, the four-year-old brother to Honest Ned — Master Walter — by Ncwbold — Zoe, while Silver King, a br.R. by Newbold— Silverhair by Fireworks— Auk, reached only 25gs.; buyer Mr. Rutledge. The^eteejilechaser, Sir Joshua, by Laureate — Aileie, once thought the 44 coming jumper,' and sold some time back by Tommy Ryan for 300 or 400gs., was knocked down to a Mr. Clayton, at the same sale, for 50gs., probably for a station 6ire. A. uascard gave 2UUgs. tor the \ctcran urana master gelding, Stanley. Inheritrix, by Sir Sir Hercules—Ida, who wa6 nominated for the Brisbane Cup but did not accept her impost of 6 st. 2 lbs., won the opening handicap for Mr. Heffcrnan at Inverell, and the Birthday Handicap too, lft mile, under 8 st. 10 lbs., beating Baker's tfclip&c;, 8 st. 6 lbs., and Viper, 9 st. 12 lbs. Acceptances for the third day's races of tho Q.T.C. autumn meeting : — Redclifle Plate, 100 sovs., 7 furlongs. — Stud- book or Faux Pas. Criterion Nursery, 150 sovs., 7 furlongs. — Pet Girl or Booval. Moreton Handicap, 300 sovs., 1} mile. — King Olaf or Dan O'Connell. Steeplechase, 200 sovs., 3 miles. — Singleton or Drummer. Royal Stakes, w.f.a., 150 sovs., Ij mile. — .Bedfern or Euroka. Epsom Handicap, 100 sovs., I mile. — Young Sardonyx or Yowi. 