THE ORANGE INSTITUTION IN GLASGOW. PRESENTATION TO THE EARL OP ERNE. The Orangemen of Glasgow assembled on Saturday afternoon, Nov. 5th, in the Water loo Rooms, to present a handsomely- illum inated congratulatory address to the Right Honourable the Earl of Erne, K.P., Imperial Grand Master, on the occasion of his first visit to the city of the Clyde. There was a very large assemblage of the brethren, and the proceedings were characterised by the utmost enthusiasm. Amongst those on the platform were — The Earl of Erne, Imperial Grand Master ; Colonel Saunderson, M.P., Grand Master of Scotland ; Colonel Waring, M.P. ; Professor Maclin, Grand Secretary ; Willinm dnlliilH. fl-rnni? fPrnuani,Ar William Young, D.G.M. ; J. P. Maginnis, D.G.M. ; Alex. Miller, D.GLM. ; James M'ManuB, G.A. ; James Rice, Assistant Grand Secretary ; H.A. Long, A. Wilson, Paisley ; J. R. W. Teut in, George C. Rankine, Captain Henderson, Rbv. J. A. Mitchell, Rev. J. Potter, Rev. W. E. Hodgkinson, J. K. Paisley, S. Leckie, W. H. Hughoa, George Brown, J. Dixson, George Phair, William M'Dowell, John Thompson, William Davidson, John M'Dowell, Joseph Davidson, and T. H. Gilmore. Bro. William Young, Deputy Grand Master ; of Scotland, moved that Colonel Saunderson, Grand Master of Scotland, should be called upon to preside. The Chairman, who was most enthusias tically received, called upon the Grand Secretary to read the address from the com mittee of the Fifth of November celebration. The chairman, who was heartily cheered on rising, said— Most Worshipful and Imperial Grand Master, on behalf of the Fifth of November commemoration committee, I have been entrusted with the duty of presenting to you the address which you have just : heard read, and which expresses in very appropriate and eloquent terms i the high: eBteem and honour in whioh you are held by - not only the Orangemen of Glasgow, but by the Orangemen of Scotland over whom: L have the honour to preside (cheers.) It willj! my lord, I am sure, be a great matter of satis faction to you, as the head of the Orangemen all over the world, to know that the 'Orange ' organisation in Sootland is largely inoraasing in numbers and in power (hear, hear). I think the increase, as far as I can learn, has r been very marked within the last few years,, and the natural reason for this obvious to every thinking man. For a very long time it was impossible to make the people realise the full extent of the necessity which ex isted for such an organisation as this; ' ikr- Ireland we knew it and felt it ; but in Eng-> land and Sootland it : was very diffioult.to' persuade. the public that the Orange institu tion was any more than a commemorative society, which assembled from' time to time to recall and commemorate! the deeds of oar forefathers, which were the means under God, of preaeeving for us and future generations our liberty and our faita (cheers). But tune' whioh is a great and valuable teacher, has, I think, oonveyed this lesson to every loyal man in the empire, that the Oragneinen of Ireland were not mistaken when they feit the absolute necessity of suoh an organ isation as this for the defence and protection of all they hold most dear (hear, hear.) Gentleman, I need hardly say to you that the Orange Institution offers no threat or insult to any individual or to any body of our fellow-country men,, but is really meant for the protection of the interests and privileges of all loyal Protestants1 ih!all parts' . of the Empire (hear). ' Every 'man who joins , our Order' solemnly undertakes, not only to be "true ta those glorious privileges which are so dear to us all, but if necessary, at the call of .his leaders to imperil, if heed be, his' life in utheir i defence (cheers.) The history of the last-five years has, in the clearest manner, taught this lesson to every thinking man — that for a number of years, and at the present . moment, we in Ireland and throughout the s empire' are confronted by the same old i enemy— the same old' foe that our forefathers fought and defeated years ago. Now, I have .'been; assailed for expressing these very views in' the 'House of Commons, and I have been described by Mr. Gladstone himself — (hisses) ras being more nearly allied to crime than i Mr. Parnell, whom I have so often accused. : (Laughter.) I think it well, gentlemen, to take this opportunity as your Grand Master — ..(loud cheers) — of placing before you, in order .that you may place before 'others, the exact -position which the Orangemen in Ireland and .throughout the empire take up on this .question. We are bound to obey the law, but the law that we are bound to obey is the law that has been framed and passed by the Imperial Parliament — (cheers). Wo may disapprove of the laws enacted by that Parliament ; but at the same time1, so long as dhey are passed by that Parliament, we are -hound ;to give them the most implicit obedience until they are repealed— (cheers) — what we say is this— that the Imperial Parliament has a right to make whatever laws it pleases but we maintain that it bae!< no right whatever to transfer our allegiance: to another authority to which we , have never consented (hear, hear.) .We. have resisted such a step in the : past, and we never intend to give i in (cheers). But, gentlemen, you will, ;I am confident, agree with me in saying that the last thing loyal Orangemen hope is that we should ever come to blows in -Ireland (hear, hear). On the contrary, it is our dearest desire to see healed the wounds and the sores that past misfortunes have marked upon the Irish race. (Cheers.) We would much prefer to fight this great battle at the polling booths than on the fields of Ireland ; and, therefore, I desire to take this opportunity of impressing upon you, as I hope you will impress upon those of your brethren who have not been able to he present either at the meeting last evening or the meeting this afternoon, the great necessity which there is for the members of the Orange Institution to he alive to the duty cast upon them if civil war is to be averted in Ireland. We in Ireland shall leave no Btone unturned, and we hope \- that the Orangemen of Scotland will also do everything in their power, in order to see . that the right men are returned to represent the: constituencies at the next election. (Hear, .hear.) Everything must be done to return ' the party to power which I have no doubt whatever if they : should be returned will : settle this question for many generations to come. (Hear, hear.) And now, my lord, it is my pleasing task, in the name of the com mittee of the Fifth of November commemora tion, and also in the name of the Orangemen of 'Scotland, to express their entere agree ment with the sentiments of the address which you have just heard read, and which testifies to the high esteem in whioh they hold their Imperial Grand -Master. (Cheers.) I would also avail myaelf of the opportunity of. express ing the great satisfaction experienced by every Orangeman throughout the empire when it was announced that her GraciouB Majesty the Queen was pleased to confer upon you that signal mark of distinction — tne knighthood of St. Patrick (cheers). It was the first occasion that this honour has beeu given to an Orangeman, and I believe that the bestowal of that dignity upon your lordship, as Imperial Grand Master of the Orangeman, constitutes a Bignal recognition from her Majesty, to whom we are all so devoted, and from the Boyal Family, of the fact that the loyal Orange Institution is at any rate one of the bulwarks of the Grown in this empire (cheers). I have nothing more to say, my lord, and will conclude by presenting you with this address, which expresses the feelings of not only the Orangemen of Glas gow, bnt of the members of the Order throngbont Scotland (loud cheers). _ The Imperial Grand Master, who, upon rising to respond, was received with lond cheers, said — Colonel Sannderson and brother Orangemen, I can aEsnre you that it is to me difficult,- ;if not altogether impossible, to find wordB to adequately express the feelings that crowd upon me as the result of the very cordial and enthusiastic reception which you been good enough to accord me, and the beautiful presentation which has just been made to me on your behalf by our gallant Grand Master. It is now, I think, rather more than twenty years ago since I met yonr Worthyifriend and brother, Professor Macklin, at a meeting of the Grand Lodge in Dublin, and I remember that he then extended to me a .cordial invitation to visit Glasgow. That Invitation has been repeated several times, \- bnt until the present occasion I have never found myself in a position to accept it. I assure yon that it has been a source of great pride and pleasure to me to preside over such a great meeting of the Orangemen of yonr noble city as was held last evening, and I have witnessed moBt eloquent proof of the intense feelings of the devotion entertained by the brethren of Glasgow to the great principles of onr Institution (cheers.) In the address that has just been read reference is made to certain actions performed upon the battlefield by ancestors, of mine in days long . gone by (oheerB.) You have just been reminded by your Grand Master that in- these days great questions are- no longer submitted to the arbitrament of the sword, bnt are settled in a more prosaic and humdrum fashion through the medium of the ballot- box. J cannot but feel, gentlemen, that my position as Imperial Grand Master of the Orange Institution devolves npon us very serious duties and responsibilities in the present unsettled and critical state of affairs in Ireland, but I have always thought that next, of coarse, to the aid of Divine Providence the memory of noble deedB performed in the days long gone by is a grand incentive to dnty to those who bear the names of those who played a noble part in stirring scenes in history (cheers.) The descendant of the hero of some noble deed will take care that his name and escntoheon shall not suffer discredit or be tarnished in hiB hands (cheers). Brethren, speaking of the present condition of affairs, it iB useless for ns to conceal from ourselves that we in Ireland have a very troubled and a very serious outlook before us. "When Mr. Glad stone euBtained such a crushing defeat at the polls over his bill of 1886, we were over- sanguine when we thought that the ghost of Home Bule was laid for ever, and, perhaps, we were gnilty of that somewhat time- honoured hut foolish practice of hallooing before we were out of the wood (laughter.) At all events, what has happened in the in terval has shown ns that we were rather pre mature, and that hard and stern work still re- mains to be done before we can rest upon our oars in the security of viotory (hear, hear.) We must not be cast down at the great difficulties that surround us. We have right on our side— (oheere) — and I believe we will have God on our side (renewed cheers.) Let us remember the glorious deeds of our ancestors in defence of freedom and the Protestant faith, and if we do our dnty manfully and courageously the victory will be ours (cheers.) We would, indeed, be un worthy sons of worthy aires if we were to imagine that the battle is over, and if we were to contemplate spending the future in rest and quietude (hear, hear.) That attitude, I can assure you, brethren, is one that will never be assnmed by the Orangemen of Ireland (cheers), and what I have seen and heard during the course of this my first visit to Glasgow affords most gratifying proof that that attitude will never be adopted by the Orangemen of Scotland. (Oheers). I shall go back to Ulster bearing to the brethren there a message of hope and of encourage ment from the Orangemen of Glasgow, men who, come weal or come woe, will be found ready to stand shoulder to shoulder with Ulster in the face of the common foe (cheers). Brethren, in conclusion, I have again to thank you most heartily for the beautiful addresB, contained as it iB within an equally beautiful case, and I can assure you that it will be amongst the most dearly prized heirlooms of my family — a memento of the great kindness 1 experienced at the hends of the Glasgow Orangemen, kindness which I shall always hold in the mose grateful re membrance (lond cheers), The Chairman then called upon Colonel Waring, M.P., to address the meeting. Colonel Waring, who was warmly cheered, said that he did not in the least expect to be called upon to address that meeting, and, therefore, his words would be very few. He was extremely glad that he had heard in time of the very- interesting ceremony which had just taken place, and it gave him very great pleasure to participate in the proceedings, and to listen to the address that had just been delivered by the Imperial Grand Master (cheers). When they commemorated the glorious victories of the past it was too often the practice to forget those who struck the first blow, and he thought that their Imperial Grand Master had a right to be justly proud of that faot that he was the descendant of that young man who made such a grand defence of Orom CaHtle in 1689 (cheers). There was one thing, however, which they should remember, and that was that they could not live on their ancestors. A glorious ancestry was useful as being an incentive to action, and the best way in which a man could prove his worthiness of these ancestors was by remaining true to the principles for which they struggled (cheers). The great duty of the members of the Orange Institution at the present moment was to organise, and to see that every loyal man who was entitled to vote should be upon the register (hear, hear). He hoped that this would be done throughout the whole realm of Scotland, for upon the work done before an election de pended the result of that election, and he hoped that Orangemen everywhere wonld do their duty in order to avert the calamity which would be the result of the succesB of the Separatists at the polls (hear, hear). On the motion of Bro. James MaoManus, a cordial vote of thanks was accorded to Colonel Saunderson for presiding. Colonel Saunderson, in responding said that he did not feel that he deserved any thanks for having occupied the chair at an Orange meeting in Glasgow, which was his dnty as Grand Master of Scotland, bnt he was grateful to the brethren for the very kind reception they had given him, not only npon that occasion, hnt on every occasion when he had spoken in the city. He regretted that he had not with him npon that occasion his wife, who bad this great cause quite as much at heart as himself. (Oheers). They both recalled with pleasure the cordial greeting which they received in Glasgow four years ago, not only in the hall, but also in the Btreet- afterwards. What he considered most grati fying with regard to the Inetitntion in Glasgow and in Scotland was that it was almost entirely composed of working men (hear, hear.) It had not. been fostered by he great or the rich, and its present flourish ing position was entirely due to the unaided; efforts of the working classes (oheers.) The. Institution had taken deep root amongst the working men of the country, and he was confident had a great future before it (cheers). In conclusion, he thanked the brethren of Glasgow for the very handsome tribute they had sent to Mrs. Saunderson and himself on the occasion bf their silver wedding, which he prized as an indication that they approved of any little services he might have rendered to the canse they had bo much at heart, foheerst. The proceedings then terminated. — Warder and Dublin Weekly Mail. 