Brief Mention. Mr. Moriarty was very anxious to gain some information respecting sheep to day in the court. The witness appeared very dense. His Honor remarked ; ' A barrister known more about wool than sheep.' The joke did not 'take,' the point not being seen. The courthouse keeper informs us that he provided a fire for the female witnesses during the sitting of the court, but those who had the privilege of enjoying the fire preferred staying outside. Judge Docker is certainly not a lazy man. He has sat on an average twelve hours a day during this session. Last night he took over an hour sum ming up. It was about 10 o'clock when he com- menced. While the jury were considering their verdict he took up a civil case, in order to oblige the litigant. This case did not close until 11.30. p,m. The various prisoner witnesses were closely watched as they entered and left the court yesterday. Even if any had desired to make a sen- sation by trying to make a bolt of it they had not the 'ghost of a show.' The need of additional cellaccommoda tion at the courthouse, was forcibly shown yesterday. Four of the court-rooms were used as cells. The prisoners had to be kept separate from one another as far as possible. No provision has been made for the re moval of prisoners from the court to the prison van after night fall. The van was standing in the lane at the rear of the courthouse which was 'pitch dark.' . In order to get the prisoners into the van, after the trial, the warders and others were compelled to light them there by means of lighted matches. A few lanterns would have been of service. From to-day the town jurors in attend ance at the present sittings of the Quarter Sessions will receive 10s per day. Those jurors from a distance will re ceive 15s per day. There are five cases to be heard yet. The court is not likely to close before Saturday next. ' The Parliamentary Local Option Party have decided to appoint a committee of five to watch the passing of the' Publicans' Licenses Further Restriction Bill A The House of Commons on Monday reieoted, by 86 votes to 3!-, a motion by Mr. John E. Redmond for a re- consideration of the sentences passed up«n Daly. Egan and other's for treason felony. The Bulgarian Government have ordered numerous Krupp caarion at a cost of £200,000. Lord Tennyson is appealing to the British public for £40,000 for the support of the Gordon Boy 8' Home. A -sum of lOOOdol., has been- deposited with the New York Herald on behalf of John L. Sullivan, with the view of promoting a fight between him and Frank P. Slayin. The Rev. 0. H. Spurgeon is gradually im proving in health, and hope* are entertained of hie ultimate recovery. Sir Henry Parkes yesterday informed a deputation that he would oppose any company constructing railway lines in competition with the State railways. The quantity of wool carried by rail last year was 589,346 bales', beiug an iuotease over the previous year of 86,490 bales. Mr. King, police magistrate at Bourke, is to fill the vacancy caused by the temporary removal of Mr. O'Malley Clarke, S.M., to Bourke. 