CONSECRATION OF THE ROMAN CATHOLIC CATHEDRAL AT BALLARAT. (From the Argus Ballarat. Correspondent.) THE consecration of St. Patrick's Cathedral took place on Sunday morning and was of a most imposing character. The foundation- stone of St. Patrick's Church was laid by Biship Goold on Feb- ruary 7, 1858, Messrs Shaw and Dowdell being the architects, and the church was dedicated by the same prelate on November, 8, 1863. Dr. Shiels preaching the sermon. At this time Father Madden was in charge of the parish. but he shortly after left, and was succeeded by Dr. Shiels, afterwards Bishop of Adelaide. The church was on i several occasions added to, until in 1856 1 Dean Moore, who had in turn succeeded Dr. Shiels, let a contract for the completion of ri the church, minus the tower and spire, which are yet to be built, the price being £25,350. This work was completed in 1869. In 1874 Dr. O'Connor, the first bishop, was con- secrated at Rome, and the edifice, therefore, became a cathedral. The total cost, includ- ing the making in Rome by Senor Leonardi, the famous marble worker, to special order of the marble altar (£1,300), and the outlay on windows, pulpit, tiles, &c.;, amounted to about £40,000. The building is of Gothic design, and was planned by Hansom, of London, originally for St. Patrick's Cathedral Mel- bourne. A new marble altar of the severe Gothic type has recently been erected, the table on which is 9ft. in length,. the reredos being about 20ft and the top pinnacle surmounting the canopy about 14ft. The table as well as the steps and predella are of Carrara marble, t< and present a pretty contrast with the other t, surroundings. Thleantependium isencrusted h with alabaster and malachite, and the same ti materials are also largely used on the wings , of the tabernacle, on which are foils of lapis q Iazuli. The encrusted work of the altar i? mostly of antique marble, the colonettes of the canopy being in rossoantico. Carrara martble altars for each of the side chapels are also en route to Ballarat from Rome. Recently the cathedral has been closed for Si very extensive improvements and decorations, ti and no other cathedral or church in the colonies offers a prettier, though appropri- C ately subdued, spectacle as tile interior of C this edifice. The central window over the altar. which was supplied by Messrs. Clayton and Bell, of London, at a cost of £500, to C the order of Miss Carpenter, is of Gotlic m design. and represents the scenes of Calvary. The windows to the right and left of the altar represent respectively the "Virgin and Child" and "The Last Supper." In the c chancel are four symbolical figures of the evangelists, which were purchased by Bishop Moore in Austria for £400, and by him pre sented to the cathedral. A new oaken pulpit and a handsomely draped throne have also been recently erected. The initernal decorations, which have cost between £800 and £900, were carried out by S. W. Mouncey, who. it will be remem- t bered, came specially to Victoria some years I ago to supervise the decorative work at Mr. g Joseph Clarke's mansion at Toorak, and who 0 more recenty has carried out similar works at 1 Government-house and at Sir W. J. Clarke's S Sunbury residence. -The decorations are in d1 keeping with the Gothic style of architecture, In the nave over each arch the ornamenta- tion is of a tyle pattern on a biscuit ground, the upper portions being in yellow drab, with a handsome blue frieze and ornaments in two shades of biscuit colour, with crimson and gold. In the transepts and sidd aisles the I painting is of a rich terra cotta, with a hand- t some blue frieze, the whole being finished a around with an artistic dado and rail, and t presenting a most charming and pleasing e blending of colours. The ceiling panels of the chancel are set off in sombre blue with a e biscuit colour ornament and gold, outlined in rich wood colours while the walls are of deep n crimson, with a diaper of golden-shaded U Gothic ornaments. The background is of old e gold, ornaments of senna and blue being sur- t mounted by the shamrock pattern in bronze. t The tables are of a light green, with af massively gilded crimson background. A c magnificent dado, with an illuminated hand- I painted rail in bronze and gold, forms the i base of the chancel. The ceilings in the side I chapel are in pale blue, with wood colour and crimson orn·ments, and the walls are of l a deep green, with another dado having an illuminated hand painted rail in bronze and gold. On the arches and side columns ap pear nmassive and commanding decorations, I the background being picked out in crimson and blue hitched with bright gold: On the column bases are imitation fretwork adorn ments, with a wine colour and cinnamon I skirting. The organ has notbeen overlooked, the pipes being brilliantly decorated in colours that favourably contrast with the surrounding shades and colours. DIr. Mouncey paid particular attention to the effect of the decorations under different lights, and the effect iy gaslight is a transformation after tlhat of thle subdued daylight, though in Iothl cases the effect is strilking and eminently agreeable to the artistic senses. Lnng before 11 o'clock the church was crowrded, and numbers were unable to gain admnission. High Mass was celebrated by Bishop Moore. assisted by Dean Hoyne and the Revs Father O'Farrell and Doyle, Dr. DIelaney acting as master of thIe ceremonies. Thlirlv-two acolytes were also engaged. Grouiped around the altar were Cardinal Moran, his secretary (Dr. O'Haran,) Arch bishops Carr (Melbourne), Reynolds (Ade aInide), Murphy (IHobart), Dunne (Brisbane). and Redwood (Wellington); Bishops Corbett t (Sale), Reville (Sandhnrst), O'Reilly (Port Augusta), Dunn (Wileannia), Torrenga (Armuidale), Moran(Dunedin,) aMurray (Mait land), Dr. Higgins (assistant bishop of Syd ney), Monsignor O'Hara, and M\essrs. N. Fitzgerald, D. Brophy, I. Coghlau, and W. H. Archer, Knighlts of thie Order of St. Gregory. A special chorus and orchestra, I under thie leadership of Mlr. R. Wrigley, rendered Zingarelli's "Laudate," and Hum mel's M?ass in E flat, thie Soloists being Mrs. Palmer, Madame Christian. Signor Buzzi, and Mr. J. D. Burton. Thie mousice was splendidly rendered by a select choir of alout 100 performers, nothing equal to it lhaving previously been hieard in Ballarnt. Thie Cardinal-Archlbishop (Dr. Moran) preached tile sermon, taking his text from Hebrews xii. chap., 22 and 2?8 verses. He congratulated Bishop Moore and time people of Ballarat on thie consummation of years of patient lalmotr. Thle architectural beauty of thie buildings its richness of ornamentation, its sanctunry, altars, and stained glass win dows made it, a monument worthy of the city and thie liberality of the citizens. It wasalso a lasting monument of religioti, and womld be to generations yet unborn a record of zeal and piety. A hundred years previously the irkness of paganism reigned tHronuglnit ustrnlia. Now the light of Divine truth one brightly throughout tie length and ailth of the land, and an enlightened -ople, proud of the freedom which was their rthright, had erected numberless monn ents of benevolence, education, nnd piety prove lheir gratitude for the divine gifts \ lihad received. The cathedral was tle incipul church of a diocese and was sym lical of Christian unity, one faith, one ;ap m, one fold. Enlarging, n tle charanter ic unity of tie Catholic Church, tile ardinal said that there was nothing more mmon at the. present day outside tie itholic fold than an indifference to that lity with which Christ enriched his church. en of tile present day, in their lust for litical power or material gain. held that ligious tenets should not be allowed to nnd in the way of the practical affairs ofthle urli. The wlhole spirit of the age was one compromise. With the Protestant clergy e greatest problem now discussed in the ess, tle pulpiit, and on the platform was iw to' bring together conflicting heresies and attered sects, in order that by mutual con ssions they might arrive at.some form of -reement and de-vise a broad lasis of doctrine which all might concur. It appeared to Lve been generally accepted that all should minutuel concessions fashion for themselves diluted form of Christianity to serve as a minion creed for all. The Catholic Church owed no compromise in matters of faith, dl her history for the past eighteen centuries owed 'coicliusively 'fiattlihe "lied not been ifiithful to one particle of thle'divine lieri ge. No inm?ter how great the object souglht be gained by those wlio'wislied tlie clihrch make concessions on points of doctrine, she id always been true to the principle that ere could be no middle way between truth id heresy. Referring to the Education testiion ire Cardinal said lthat thie Catholics cognised til' vast importance as a bulwark ainst secularism of religious instruction r the young. The secularists, it they hieved their objects, would spread the fatal ight of paganism over the fair land in whicl Smuch had been done during the past cen ry for promoting the knowlege of God and e glory of His name. In concluding, the ardinal said that the church, though closely !set by enemies, was shining out as brilliantly at any previous stage of her history and it oild be as vain to try and destroy the atholic Church as to attempt to tear down ie rlrone of tie Creator. This evening, Dr. Redwoood, the Arch shop of Wellington, conducted Vespers, the irclh being again crowded, and a special usical service being, again rendered. Mrs. almer sang " With Verdure Clad," and :adame Christian was very effective in the Ave Maria," while the " 0 ! Saltaris," by ignor Buzzi, and the " Tantum Ergo," by !r. Burton, were exceptionally well rendered. lie Archbislop delivered a sermon on the cltrine of Filth, whiclh ie analysed from ie standpointof the Roman Catholic Church, inting out that without faith society would -t into a very dangerous state. The absence faith caused communists to attempt the istruction of property, socialists the des iction of family relations, and infidels the ustruction of religion. In the afternoon Bishop Moore entertained ie visiting prelates, and about 200 other nests at Holy Ghost College. the host :clpying' the chair. The Bishop proposed ie toast of the Cardinal, whom lie sincerely lanked for his attendance, and to st-hom lie lid a high tribute for his eminent services to ie Catholic Church. He was not divulging secret when lie said that he hoped shortly t hear of tie Cardinal being nppointed :clesiastical historian for Australia. The Cardinal, in responding, said that clh time lie visited Balla-at lie came with icreased pleasure, and always derived some seful knowledge by his visits. Ballarat had een blessed by Providence in the possession t their Bishop, under whose hands institu ons had sprung upl like magic. Any one of ie many recent additions would be sufficient ir half a dozen years' building in any other ty. The marvellous harmony prevailing in allarat secured his admiration. Whatever idustry was established in Anstralia, Bal rat done its slhare. He concluded by pro osing the health of Bishop Moore, who lie oped would long be spared to carry on his onderfnl works of benevolence and charity. Bishop Moore briefly responded, and pro osed " The Illustrious Archbishops and lishops Present." Archbishops Carr, Redwood, Reynolds, ad Dunne, and Bishop Murray responded. A number of other toasts were also onoured 