literature. A FATAL PAST. By POKA RUSSELL, Author of 'Footprints in the Snow,'1 'The Broken Seal,5' 'The Track of the Storm,' 'A Bitter Birthright,' &c.;, &c.; {Published bv special arrangement Trith the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter VIL— Helen's Lovek. As the., Uev. Peter Prescott walked home -across the misty hills, after spending this evening- at Braekenford, he was thinking some what sadly, though very kindly and gently of his sisters. 'Ah, poor souls/' he thought. 'It would never do to brine a straneer beside them. No, no, I must be content to remain what I have always been — a lonely man.' The Bev. Peter sighed audibly as he came to the conclusion. Xever before had he been tempted to change his state, for during bis poverty no woman had looked st him, and since he had been rector of Morfonbury his sisters had hitherto safely .guarded hint from all matrimonial entangle ments. But struggle against the feeling as best he ?could, he now constantly found himself think ing of Caroline Sinclair. He had met her first at Brackenford, and since then he had not un frequently encountered her in his walks, and somehow or other he could not help thinking that Miss Sinclair liked him. That any woman should do so seemed wonderful at first to Peter's simple and modest heart. But still the t idea recurred to him, and the idea had beeoma very sweet to the poor rector. Kb woman had ever nattered him before, nor ever sought his society. Few families lived in the neighbor hood of Mortonbury, and the few who did had only Young unmarried 'girls to find husbands : for, and young girls do not often think of men i ?of the rector's age. J But suddenly across his sombre and eon- ; tented v.-ays of life there had flashed a gleam | of youth and brightness that threatened to become highly dangerous to the rector's peace, i A woman graceful, calculating, and attractive, liad looked at the rectory house, and then at the rector, and had decided that she was well fitted to hold the position of the rector's wife. seen, and had not gauged the Misses Preseott aright when she tried to flatter them. But her words were balm and sweetness to the Eev. Peters ears. ?'But, but, I must not think of her,' he said to 'himself softly as he reached the rec tory house and opened the door with his latch key. ' A grim figure arrayed in a violet flannel dressing-gown met him in the halL 'Is that you, Peter?' said Miss; Dorothy Prescott's voice, for only her little red nose was to be seen peeping out of the wrap3 and flannels in which her head was enveloped. ' I thought you were never coming/' ! 'Why did you sit up, my dear?' answered , the kindly Peter.' \ ' Was it likely I should go to bed when you ?were out ?' replied Dorothy, in an injured tone. ? ! ' No, Peter, I never neglect you, do I '.? 'lam suieyou do not,' said Peter in all good faith. 'And I think,' continued Miss Dorothy, *' considering the people Lady Ennismore con- ' trives to get about her, Peter, that you're better at home than at Brackenford.' ' Contri%'es to get about her !' repeated the Kev. Peter. 'Why, my dear, there is no one stayine there but two young soldiers and Miss Helen Drummond.' ' And that very forward person, the gover ness,' said Miss Dorothy, waspishly, and the little red nose gave a vicious jerk out of her strange headgear. 'Miss Sinclair'?' said the rector, gently. ' I do not think that she is forward, Dorothy.11 'Flattery does not go down my throat as ?easily as it does yours, then,' retorted Dorothy. 'Why, Peter, a mole could see through' her! She's a vile, flattering hussy, on the look out for a husband, if ever there ?was one !' 'Nay, nay, Dorothy, nay, said the gentle sex — of a gentlewoman. She is poor, I suppose; but other ladies have been poor before now/' 'Thank you!' said Dorothy, with another vicious jerk'! 'I may have been poor, I was poor, I am poor for the matter of that, but no man living; nor dead either, can say of me that I tried to flatter him into making a fool of himself, and I should think dozens could of this Miss Sinclair, though she hasn't succeeded with any of them yet V3 The rector put up his brown and bony hand depreeatingly. 'Hush, Dorothy,'*3 he said, and then he bade his sister good night and went alone into j his study, and having lit his pipe and mixed his modest glass of grog sat there quietly thinking. Could Dorothy's rough, hard words have any truth in them? Dorothy was a shrewd woman, though not gentle, nor pitiful, the rector knew. But could it be-^-could it be? Had this fair woman sought bis society and seemed to take pleasure in his words merely because he had a good income and a pleasant home? 'If so,' thought the rector, pursuing his cogitations, 'I pity her ; for if she is not true to herself and to her womanhood how poor and mean must all life's highest aims seem to her. But I cannot believe it. Ah, poor Dorothy, she fears, I suppose, that I may bring a new n^^nrs-. 4-n. 1ij-i** t»rtT-i-»*s_V»l-t#- Tilt 'W\ f\ — lW-a.W*fcli O. *l.T»rl f H pP^p-» %HJ UCl 1IUIU& JJUU UUj MU i4i«miw* iwuvi. Dorothy have had so little sunshine, such hard -cold lives, that for no selfish happiness of my own will 1 ever interfere with their narrow joys. And as for her — for Caroline— she is too fair not to have many wooers. I am doing her do harm — only a little self -denial and the pain will be nast.' So he made up his mind. This man, who would turn aside not to tread on the worm upon his path, bore his own pain during the j nest few days with silent endurance. He grew j a little greyer about the temples, and more j lines came round the kind and thoughtful eyes, ! but he showed no other signs ot his mental - struggle. Yes, perhaps he was a little kinder ? even than usual to the two hard, cold, selfish ; sisters, for whose sake he was practising his : self-denial. This was his nature. He always ; gave generously, and none knew what he gave. ' Li iss Sinclair was not slow to perceive that a | change had come over the rector's manner. ' She saw that he rather avoided her than other- j wise, and this knowledge annoyed Miss Sinclair ? exceedingly. But she also made no sign. She went a.- regularly to church and sat there . demure and pensive-eyed while the Misses Pres- ! cott watched her with bitter and contemptuous glances. Had she been the best woman in the world they would have felt precisely the same to her. They wished to keep their brother ?unmarried, and therefore regarded their whole sex with mistrust. While the Kev. Peter's one love affair thus languished, another lovt- affair at Brackenford was progressing only too quiekly. Again and again, in the early winter twilight, Francis Eoche had met the Eunny-fcc-^d Helen Drum mond. They managed it all vuiy quietly. Helen sat with Lady Knnismore in the mornings, drove with her in the afternoons, and was shv and even a little distant in her manner to Eoc-be during dinner and when they all met together afterwards in the drawing-room. Had Lady Ennismore been asked the ques tion if there were anything between these two young people after Roche had been a week at Brackenford she would have replied that their acquaintance was a very slight one. Yet, before the end of this week, Eoehe had begun to think of his future income ; begun to specu late and wonder if he were justified in asking a woman to share the somewhat precarious fivo hundred a year which had been promised to him at the 'Lady's wardrobe,' in Bucking ham Palate-road. He naturally lip^itatfd before doing this. The more he thought of this strange adven ture the more surprising- it seemed to him, and Walter Curzon also often recurred to the subject with mingled feelings of curiosity and envy, Roche had still nearly three hundred pounds of this money at his bankers when he went to Brackeuford, and this small sum now seemed to the young man in the first flush of his love as something very respectable to begin life upon! He was very glad at all event? that he had saved it. Every day the frank, bright face of his Helen became dearer to him, and all his former expensive amusements and pleasures suddenly grew flat and wearisome to his imagi nation when compared with her sunny smiles. They were almost like two children, these young' lovers. Orer their hearts had eouie a great sense of enjoyment, a golden haze which wrapped everything in misty bliss and un defined happiness. ' How lovely Helen is growing,'7 again and again thought Lady Ennisinoie, glancing with vague uneasiness at the young girl's glad facs, and then sometimes at Koche's dark one. But still she noticed nothing between them, until one evening Miss Sinclair came into the draw ing-room alone, and after a few words of com monplace conversation began to talk about Helta. ' I scarcely 'ike to mention what I aui about to say, Lady Ennismore,'1 said the governess, standing in a graceful attitude before Lady Ennismoie's tea table, ' but from a sense of duty — for Julia's sake — I inust do it.53 Lady Ennismore looked quickly up, and her fine complexion changed color. 'What is it ? Nothing has happened I hope?1 she asked. 'Oh, no, nothing has happened — only, Lady Ennismore, you understand, as Miss Drum mond is not my pupil I scarcely like to inter fere. Still, from a sense of duty, as I said before, I will speak — for — I feel sure — at least I feel almost sure, that you are not aware that Miss Drummond walks daily, and for hours alone in the dusk, with, Mr. Roche 7' Lady Ennismore's face grew suddenly crimson. 'It is impossibles' she said. 'With Mr. Eoehe ? Mr. Eoehe is with Lord Ennismore on the moors/' 'Mr. Roche nevertheless contrives toleare the moors every afternoon before four o'clock,' replied Miss Sinclair with her subdued smile. 'They indeed meet every afternoon in the grounds and wander about the walks together — they are together now.' Lady Ennismore rose hastily and went to one of the bay windows which looked out upon the grounds. ' It is most imprudent, most foolish '.' she said. 'Thank you for telling me, Miss Sin clair — together now, did you say V' 'At least together a quarter of an hour since,-'' said Miss Sinclair. 'I was returning from Mortonbury, where I had been on a little errand of charity, and I came unexpectedly on a semi-sentimental scene under the shadow of the fir trees. But do not be uneasy, dear Lady Ennismore, she is but a child, and this young gentleman is probably only amusing himself— still I thought it was better and kinder to tell you.' 'Certainly,' answered Lady Ennismore, with a sharpness and decision of manner very unusual to her. 'I will go and join them — perhaps Miss Sinclair if Lord Ennismore and Mr, Curzon come in before I return, you will give them some tea? And will you kindly say, if Lord Ennismore enquires, that I shall be back almost immediately— and of course I need not ask you not to mention anything «lhnnfc t.lnsKo Kf-nrnH frmiTifr rn*nnlft*?' 'Of course 1 shall mention nothing,' said Miss Sinclair, 'and dear Lady Ennismore — may I ask you a favor ?— but please do not be very angry with Miss Drummond, nor vet tell her that I told you about these foolish walks?' ' I am not anery with the child, only greatly annoyed,' answered Lady Ennismore; and she 'opened the bay window before which she . was standing as she spoke, and went out on the terrace beyond. It was now quite dusk. Overhead a half moon was casting its fitful beams from amid the drifting clouds on the dark fir trees, which stood out sombre and gloomy in the uncertain light. The cold white rays, too, fell in weird and fantastic shadows on the walks, and on the trim and well-kept evergreens, some how as Lady Ennismore hurried on in her way through the grounds, her thoughts went back to her dead brother— to Norman Maiden, who had been so strangely cut off in his early prime. She remembered how he had partly planned this place; how he had planted some of these very holly trees on which the moon light was falling, and how they had grown on and on, while his memory had almost faded away, She gave a quick, sharp sigh, as she thought this. The stillness and silence of the place seemed almost to frighten her. The shadows ot the past came near her, and involuntarily she glanced round and stood looking for a moment at the exeat dark bills behind, where amid the heather they had found her young brother dead. In the meanwhile the two whom she had gone out to seek were standing together hand in hand thinking only of the blissful present. They were lovers, but not yet declared lovers, and were in that state of sweet uncertainty, of happy excitement, of strange new joy, which is the prelude to a bright future or to great and woful pain. ' Do not go yet,' Francis Eoche was saying. ' Everything seems so dreary when you leave me.' ' A November evening is not proverbially bright, you know,' replied Hel3n Drummond ?with some archness, and she would have drawn her hand away, bub the young man held it fast. ' Helen,' fee said more earnestly, ' do not reallv eo vet. I want to speak to you— I want to tell you — well, it seems so stupid to say it, yet it is the truth — that it is in your power now to make my future lif e happy — or indeed weariness enough !' Before the girl could reply to this disjointed sentence, while she stood blushing and tremb ling a little, and with her eyes cast down, a footstep was heard approaching, and Eoehe suddenly released her hand. rThfi Ti«av'fc Tninnt-.fi Tjndv Knniamorfi'a tall figure appeared on the wry path on which the young lovers were standing. She did not see them at once, for they were partly beneath the shadow of some fir trees, but the moonlight fell on her face, and both Eoche and Helen re cognised her. 'Here is Lady Ennismore,' said Helen, with some embarrassment. 'Yes,' answered Roche, 'so I see.' And though he felt greatly annoyed, he was of course obliged to follow Helen, who moved for ward to meet Lady Ennismore. Lady Ennismore received them both very quietly. ' Helen, my child, is that you ?' she said, as Helen somewhat depreeatingly and timidly laid her hands on tLady Ennismore's. ' It is too late for you to be out, dear,' she continued, 'so run to the house as fast as you can, and ask Miss Sinclair, who is in the drawing-room, to give you some tea.' Helen hesitated for a moment and looked at Eoche. 'Go at once, dear,' said Lady Ennismore; 'and Mr. Roche, will you stay and take a turn with me ? I have a headache, and I think the air will do me good.' Helen left them as Lady Ennismore said these words, and then in her usual sweet and gentle manner Lady Ennismore addressed Koehe. 'I have sent the child away, Mr. Eoehe,' she said, ' because I want a few words — a few confidential words with you.' ' I shall be delighted to listen, of course,' said Eoche, though he certainly did not feel so. 'It is about Helen — Helen Drummond,' proceeded Lady Ennismore, and she put her band through Roche's arm. 'Let us walk down the path — yes, I want to talk to you about the child— they tell me you sometimes walk with her — and — well, Mr. Koehe, I am about to ask you to do so no more.' ' Why, Lady Ennismore?' said Eoehe, with seme sharpness. 'Because you are a good-looking young man,' answered Lady Ennismore, with rather a forced smile, 'and she is a country girl, unused to the world, unaccustomed to receive attention, and it will only unsettle her to be with you— only perhaps make her unhappy.' '1 would never willingly do that, I am ' I am sure you would not, yet it might be so if you were constantly with her. Do not, therefore, see her any more, Mr. Eoehe; Helen is a nice girl, a dear nice girl, and I would guard her fiom any trouble if I could.' 'But, Lady Ennisniore,' answered Eoehe after a momentary hesitation and with a slight break in his voice, ' you do not surely imagine that I should bring any possible trouble to Miss Drummond if 1 could help it ? You must know, I am sure you must know, that in seek ing her I have only one meaning — that if I v.xre happy enough to win her regard — ' 'Hush, hush, Mr. Eoche!' interrupted Lady Knnismore with unmistakable agitation of manner, 'do not speak thus. There can be cothing between you and Helen; nothing, nothii g, nut the very idea out of your mind.' 'But -why, Lady Ennismore?' again asked Eoche. ' Because,' answered Lady Ennismore with a sliange quiver in her voice, ' Helen is not in a position to think of you — to be anything to -«ju. You must 'piomise me, Mr. Eoche, pro mise me on your word of honor asa gentleman, never to bint anything of this kind to Helen.' Lady Ennismore said these last words eagerly, and bent forward so that she might see the cxpitssion on the young man's face, but with an annoyed air Roche turned away his he;d. '' I « ill make no promises,' he said. ' But you mutt,' urged Lady Ennismore. '3Jr. Eoche, listen to me!' and 6he clasped her Laud tightly on his arm. ' It is for your good I am speaking,': she continued, 'for your gcod and for Helen's good. She' can be ? iicth:ng to you — do you understand, nothing? If you have thought of anything, or she has thought of anything, she must go away— she must return to her relation, Miss Druuimond.' ' You surely would not send her away, Lady Ennismore ?' 'Yes I would,' answered Lady Ennismore, ' I will. Anything would be better than that you ? .' 'Lady Ennismore, '„' said Roche very ear nestly, ' it is unkind of you to speak thus -to speak in riddles. Why-^do answer me — ivby would it be such a dreadful thing if I were to ask Miss Drummond to be my wife !' Lady Ennismore withdrew her arm hastily from Roche's, and with a sudden, almost a gasping sigh, put her hand over her face. ' I entreat you to answer me,' said Roche, looking at her in great surprise. 'What is there about me, what is there about Miss Drummond that renders our future marriage so impossible ?' Again Lady Ennismore gave a gasping sigh, and then moving her hand from her face she looked at Eoche with strange wistfuluess. 'It is Jike fate,' she murmured, as if she were thinking rather than speaking ; ' like the hand of fate.' 'Will you answer my question?' urged Roche. ' Why is it impossible ?' Lady Ennismore tried to rouse herself at these words. She looked at Roche, she con sidered, and then she said slowly and pain fully— 'There is a shadow on Helen Drum mond's birth that renders such an idea abso lutely impossible. You must not think of her ; she must not think of you. I cannot tell you any more, only I entreat you, I beg you to go away, to forget her, to see her no more.' ?* A shadow on her birth?' repeated Eoehe, with both dismay and sorrow in his tone. Lady Ennisniore did not speak. She stood there pale, trembling, and so visibly agitated that Eoche felt that he could not urge her to tell him any more at that moment. _ 'The subject seems a distressing one to you, Lady Ennismore,7' lie said, after think ing for a few seconds. ' Perhaps some other time ? rj 'Yes.' said Lady Ennismore quickly, 'some other time we will talk of it again; but let us go in now, for I feel cold, so very cold.' And Lady Ennismore shivered. 'It is cold,' answered Koehe; and he changed the conversation, and together they proceeded to the house. But just as they reached the bay window in the drawing-room, by which Lady Ennismore had left it, and which was still standing open, Lady Ennismore laid her hand for a moment on Roche's arm. ' Remember,', she said emphatically, ' what I have told you,' and the next minute she passed on and entered by the bay window into the lighted drawing- room beyond. Eoehe followed her. Here they found Lord Ennismore drinking tea and talking to Miss Sinclair, Curzon, not drinking tea, talking to the pale fair Julia Bmgham, and Helen Drum mond, who looked flushed and agitated, stand ing apart. ' My dear,' said Lord Ennismore, looking round as his wife went into the room, ' have you been taking a walk by moonlight ?' ' Yes,' answered Lady Ennismore, smiling ; but as she approached the firo she shivered again. ' Why, Katie, you are as pale as a ghost !' exclaimed Lord Ennismore, still looking at her. ' Give me a cup of hot tea for her, Miss Sinclair.' While Miss Sinclair was pouring out the tea, and Lady Ennismore was warming her chilled hands by the fire, Eoche took the opportunity of half whispering a few words in Helen's ear. 'I want to say something to you, Helen,' he said. ' When can I do so ?' Helen hesitated and her already flushed face grew crimson. Then, before she could frame a reply Lady Ennismore looked sharply round, and Eoehe observing this moved quietly from Helen's side. Chapter VIII.— A First Giuek. To Roche's surprise and annoyance Helen did not take her usual place at the dinner'table. 'Where is Helen?' asked Lord Ennismore, noting this. *' She has a headache, and_ is not able to eome down,' answered Lady Ennisniore gravely, and this reply did not add to Francis lloehe's con tentment. In fact as he sat eating his dinner he began to feel very angry_ with his hostess. ' ' What right had Lady Ennismore to interfere and lecture him, and probably the poor girl,' he was think ing. ' If her ladyship supposes she is going to have all her own way she is mistaken,' decided the youne soldier, and a certain resolute hard ness crept over the expression of his face as he made this decision. Thtn, when he returned to the drawing room, be found tliat Helen still was absent, though Miss Sinclair and Julia Bingham were there. Lady Ennismore had also disappeared, and so Roeh'e went up to Miss Sinclair to en quire af ttr Helen. 'How is Miss Drummond?' he said. _ 'Is she not well enough to come downstairs ?' *' Mks Drummond,' answered Miss Sinclair, in her usual unruffled way, ' has one of those convenient illnesses— a headache.' And Miss Sinclair smiled. \- ' A convenient headache !' repeated Eoehe. ' That means, I suppose, that Lady Ennismore ? ' and then Eoehe suddenly paused and left his sentence uncompleted, for he remembered that he did not know hot? much Miss Sinclair knew. Again the governess smiled her placid self satisfied smile, while Julia Bingham's delicate skin flushed and her sensitive lips quivered. 'Where is_ your fair friend?' said Walter Curzon, at this moment also approaching Miss Sinclair and Julia., but addressing his question to Julia. The young girl turned her small lovely face round and looked at Curzon with a smile as she answered him. Walter Curzon was a more calculating and cooler-hearted man than Francis Roche. But he was not so good-looldng. His extreme paleness, and his almost colorless hair, were scarcely redeemed by his regular features, and a certain grace of manner which he undoubtedly possessed. But he had a dissatisfied spirit lurk ing in his breast, and was very much inclined to be at war with fortune_, which had placed him in the somewhat trying position of the younger son of a poor peer. Since he had been at Brackenford, and had seen on all sides the evidence of the great wealth which Lady Ennismore had so unex pectedly inherited from the rich Maidens he had thought several time very seriously of Julia Bingham. True, there was the boy, the heir, but with all this money in the family, the girls, no doubt, would have large fortunes as well. Curzon had listened with a sup pressed sigh while the frank, genial Lord En nismore had told them on the moors of the vast revenue of the coal mines, the ironworks, and the land, that had once been the Maiden's, now yearly brought in. The once poorlrish man was apparently astonished still at his own good fortune, and never wearied of talking about his wife's wealth. And whenever he had the opportunity Walter Curzon had in consequence of this ?wealth done his best to charm fair Julia Bingham. Miss Sinclair's vanity had given nim more chance of doiner this than anyone in the house supposed. The good-looking governess had meant on Curzon's first arrival at Brackenfqrd quietly to ignore certain love passages which had taken place between her self and Walter Curzon at Otterly Hall two years ago, for the very sufficient reason that she now intended to marry the Rev. Peter Preseott. But when the Rev. Peter drew back, and was no longer to be met in the walks round Mortonbury and Brackenford, the governess finding it very dull, once more began to smile on Curzon. Curzon immediately took advantage of these . smiles. The attractive woman, so well satis fied with her own attractions, never dreamt that a mere child, a chit, as she mentally called Julia, could have any charm for a young man of Curzon's age, and she therefore took Julia with her when she walked with and talked to Curzon. In & few words, with a laugh and a shrug, Walter Curzon soon let Julia know who was his real attraction. Miss Sinclair was called one day suddenly away, and for five minutes or so the two young people were alone. These five minutes were Curzon's opportunity. speaking to you without your duenna to listen.' ' I thought,' answered Julia, in her half proud, timid way, ' that you admired Miss binclair?' Then Curzon shrugged his shoulders. ' How could I admire her,' he said, ' by your side? Miss Sinclair has been a good looking woman, but her day is past, though, of course she cannot see it. The bud is fairer in my eyes than the fading flower.' The foolish girl cherished those words and believed in them, and with a look, a smile, Curson easily carried on the understanding between them. He talked, laughed, and jested with Miss Sinclair, and though he scarcely spoke to Julia she felt a strange de light in his society. She was not jealous of Miss Sinclair, and Miss Sinclair was certainly not jealous of her. When therefore he asked Julia where her 'fair friend' was (meaning Helen) Julia looked at him with a half-shy, half -conscious smile. 'She is not very well,' she answered, 'she is lying down.' Curzon did not ask any more questions. He began talking in a very lively fashion to Miss Sinclair, pressing her to sing a certain song that he pretended particularly to admire, and as the two were bending over some music in search of it Roche had the opportunity of speaking privately to Julia Bingham. 'What is the matter really with MissDrum xnond ?' he said in a low tone. ' Will you tell me?' Julia's young sympathies were at the present time naturally enlisted in the cause of all lovers, and she therefore immediately answered — 'Something has grieved Helen i'ery tn-icfr. Miss Sinclair — I am suie i* was Miss Sinclair ; — told my mother that LHelen walked very \ often with you, and my mother is angry with Helen, and Helen iias been crying, oh. so bitterly, Mr. Eoehe — and she is going away ? ' 'Going away?' interrupted Roche, greatly concerned. ' Do you nujan from Brackeaford 1 When is she going ':'r ' To- moriow, 1 believe.' said Julia, 'and, and, it will be so dreary without her.' Roche knit his black brows and bit his lip in anger when he heard this news. He could j indeed scarcely suppress his indignation, and it j was well that Miss Sinclair was so interested in ! her conversation with Curzon or she would at j once have noticed the young man's expression. Roche considered a moment, and then made up his mind. 'You aic Helen's friend, I am sure,' he - said, again addressing Julia : ' and I can trust i you, and I am going to ask you to do me a j favor. I must see Helen before she goes — I am i determined to see her. Will you give her a { little note if I entrust one to you ':' j ' Yes,' said the young girl, rather nervously ; | but Roehe was Curzon's friend, and therefore Julia wished to oblige Roche, and she was also really fond of Helen. j '1 will write it and give it to you in five j minutes,' said Roehe, and he left the room j almost immediately, while Julia moved shyly to the piano, by 'which Miss Sinclair :uid Curzon were still standing. Curzon looked round and smiled as Julia approached them, but so strong was Miss Sin clair's faith in her attractions that she scarcely glanced at the lovely young girl whom it was so natural that Curzon should admire. . 'Miss Sinclair,' said Curzon, looking at Julia, 'has been coquetting so long with this song, first saying she would sing it and then that she wouldn't, that I am weary with wait ing, Miss Bingham.' ' What a word to use to rae I _ said Miss Sinclair, with a soft look of appeal in her eyes. ' I scarcely know what coquetting means, Mr. Curzon. What will the child think to hear you use such a word ': '' 'The child, I hope, is too good a child to understand it, or at least to practice it,' laughed Curzon. Julia blushed crimson and said nothing. ' Dear, run and bring me that music-book that is on the table there,' said Miss Sinclair, speaking to Julia, and as Julia turned to obey her Miss Sinclair shook her head with a smile at Curzon. ' You should not talk in that way before Julia,' she said. 'True, she is only a child, but children pick up strange ideas.' Again Curzon laughed. 'She is too young,' he said, 'to know j anything about coquetry or love, isn't she, j Miss Sinclair? She isn't come to the age to j make a fool of a man, eh ?' Miss Sinclair thought Curzon meant to pay her a compliment. -She cast down her eyes, she sighed, while Curzon stood looking at her, trying to hide the sneer upon his lips. Yet Miss Sinclair was quick enough when vanity did not blind her. It was her failing, and, like all great faults, constantly exposed her to ridicule. 'We don't all make fools of men,' she said softly. ' Sometimes it is our duty to appear cold — to those we like best.' And again Miss Sinclair sighed. Curzon felt a little alarmed. Had he gone too far he thought, but he was a young man who had seen something of life,, and he, therefore* made the best of the situation. ' Yes, indeed,' he said, 'likes and dislikes in this world must all be controlled by reason. Unless a fellow is rich, Miss Sinclair, he is never his own master.' While Curzon was thus gently throwing cold water on Miss Sinclair's incipient advances, Julia had met Eoehe returning to the_ drawing which Roche had silently placed in her hand. It was addressed to Helen Drummond, and without returning to the piano with the music book that she had been desired iby Miss Sin clair to bring, Julia went upstairs at once to Helen's bedroom. As she axjproached the door of the room she overheard her mother's voice and Helen's from within. 'You must not doubt my love, Helen.'' Lady Ennismore was saying. Helen:s voice as she answered was broken by a sob. 'No,' she said, 'yet it seemt liard — hard — ' And then came a sob. 'Nonsense, nonsense, darling,' *aid Lady Ennismore soothingly; 'it's only a child's grief, a girl's first foolish fancy — — ' Julia felt that it was dishonorable to hear more and therefore she rapped at the door for admittance. Lady Ennismore herself answered Julia's summons. She opened the door, and when she saw Julia she hesitated a moment and then asked her to come in. 'Come in and chat with Helen, Judy,' slip. said, 'I must go downstairs now, Kut byand bye I will come back. Don't fret, Helen dear, you shall return to Brackenford very soon Judy here I am sure will see to that,' and Lady Ennismore stroked her young 'daughter's smooth fan* cheek as she spoke. ' Yes, indeed !' said Julia more im pulsively than usual, and she went up to Helen and put her arms round her neck and kissed her. This caress almost overcame Helen and she could not restrain her tears. Then Lady Ennismore bent down and tenderly kissed her. ' Hush, darling,' she said, ' you shall soon come back.' and after kissing her again she left the room, and the two young girls were thus alone. 'I have something for you, Helen,' said Julia, and she drew Roche's letter out of the* pocket of her dress. Helen snatched it hastily, but her hands trembled so she could scarcely open the enve lope. When she had succeeded she found only a few lines inside.' ' i have just heard that you are going away (Roehe had written). ' Please do not do_ so without seeing me. If you will name any time or place most convenient to you I shall be there, for I wish to see vou. / must see -iou. before you leave. | 'Yours faithfully, ! 'R Koche.' ! Helen read these words and then placed the , note in Julia's hand. ! 'I cannot meet him,' she said wistfully. ' I have promised your mother not to see him § or speak to him before I go, and I cannot break \ my word to her. If 1 had promised Miss Sin- ; clair I should not have minded, though I ' j added Helen with more spirit. : ' But had my mother any right to ask you to make such a promise?' said Julia in her half shy, half proud, enquiring way. ; ' Yes !' answered Helen, with energy, 'for she is my best and dearest friend, and I won't j deceive her or lie to her for all the world. ;' She has been though about this— hard, almost ; cruel, and I cannot understand her motive — i for— for Judy, I told her I liked Francis j Eoche! Why should I not? He likes me he says — and I shall never like any one else — never, never, I am sure !' And Helen suddenly hid her now blushing face on Julia's neck. j ' Dear, if you are true to him it will all come : right,' whispered Julia, and she also blushed : as she_ made this assertion in all her new young j faith in love. i ' I will be true,' said Helen, in a fervent undertone. I 'Then my mother cannot paxb you — j nothing can part you,' answered Julia. : 'But I do not understand my mother — I ; cannot understand why she is sending you j away?' ' . j *' She says I am too young, that he is too youDg, but that if he were old it would be the i same thing ! What can she mean ? What can ! she know about Francis ?' asked Helen, now j lifting her head and looking earnestly and en- ! quiringly in Julia's face. 'I know nothing,' said Julia, 'but my i mother seems distressed — there must be some ] reason, Helen.' ] ' Yes— can it be— about me ?' ? Helen made this enquiry with sudden anxiety. For the first time in her life it had flashed upon her imagination that there might j be something— something that had been hidden ? irom Iicr — -uiu as auo ujluu uci cyea tja^eny uu Julia's face, Julia's soft eyes flickered and fell beneath her gaze. _ _ ' ' Do you know any thing, Judy?' she cried the next moment. 'If you do] tell me the worst ?' . ( To he continued. ) ! 