Great Caesar's Ghost. A good old statesman lately gone Expressed some strong opinions on The federal scheme — not pro but con. You'll find that these are . The very words — or so I've read — This venerable hero said : ' Oh ! federation is as dead As Julius Cffisar.' Some lesser politicians fonnd The phrase possessed a learned sound, And being fond of classic ground (As all M.P's. are) Perpetuated the remark, And cried, wherever men would hark, That federation was as stark As Julius Ceesar. \- A certain M.L.A. — his name I disremember — played bis game To be, by general acclaim, The people's pleaser. He followed where his betters led, And s* with all his voice he said That federation was as dead As Julius Csesar. §P But an inquiring mind had he, And wondering who J. C. might be ^He searched encyclopedioe. (You know what these are.) And there he learnt to his disgust That he was wrong to take on trust Allusions to the classic dust Of Julius Csesar. He read within a musty tome That 'freedom's friends ' in ancient Rome Swarm'd (as they do much nearer home) As thick as bees are ; And thinking — as such people do — Their cause excused a crime or two, They, coward-like, let daylight through ' Great Julius Caesar. But all too soon the traitors' boast ! Lo ! through the rebels' armed host Staled the immortal Julius' ghost ! (Simple facts, these are.) And all the braves whom Brutus led ' At famed Philippi turn'd and fled, Scared by the spirit of the dead — (Thaf s Julius Caesar.) He leara'd that dynasties whose sway These blunderers had tried to slay Rose mightier from the hero's clay; That histories are Unanimous in stating that Through centuries of fierce combat The world's great nations trembled at The name of Ccasar. Our friend, I'm told, has grown more wary, And now consults a dictionary — Or Mr. Dan O'Connor — ere he Culls, if you please, a Phrase from the Romans or the Greeks To garnish his hysteric shrieks ; Ana since that day he never speaks Of Julius Caesar, ? . ? R.R. 