The Warneford Ghost. " The house is very fall, Florence, and I thought you would not mind Bleeping in this room," said M«j Warneford, as ehe ushered me into a large, airy bedroom, into which the bright rays of the ecttingsun were streaming gloriously on a certain afternoon in a by-gone June, " I really see no visible reason why I should do so," I raplied jestingly, with a smile. "I think it about as charming a room aB it well can be." " The room is fairly pleasant in its way," she returned carelessly. "Only, as you know, it is supposed to be haunted." "Haunted?" I repeated, rather aghast. '' Do yon mean io say that this is the haunted room 1" " Yes, it is the room that is said to be haunted," she replid quietly, " Do yon ob ject to it ? If so, pray say so, dear." Her words woke me to a sense of my dnty to my hostess. "Oh, dear, no," I replied quickly. '■ I call it most interesting ?" " Very interesting, no donbt, to those who believe in ghosts," she returned quietly, "I do not,or I need soarcelv Bay I should not have put yon in this room." " Of bourse, I know that, and of course the ghost question is all nonsense," I agreed lightly. *■ Jast so, dear," she returned in the same tone, " I knew you were blessed with a little commcn sense, and that was why I selected yon eb a suitable occupant lor this room. Wo all know that you are quite above anything of this sort, and do not possess sash inconvenient things as • nerves.'" And with this flattering assurance tinging in my ears I fonnd myself alone in the haunted room at Warneford Abbey. ; I looked euriously around it. A charm ing room certainly, bat haunted, the haunted room. Now the hannted room at Warneford Abbey was about as well known as the hannted house in Berkeley square, and for years it had been closely locked against all possible intruders. It was an understood fact that the late Sir ■OUaries Warneford did not-like any mention of the Warneford ghost Jo he made in his presence. ~ There had been a charming mystery about the Warneford haunted room. Everyone told a diflerent story abont it, and everyone was quite sure that his version of it was the true one. Some people swore it was a man; some people knew for a fact it was a woman; others were sure it was a monster, too dread ful in its hideonsness to be described, and others had been told, on reliable anthority, that It had a tail and cloven feet, and its form altogether was the reverse to heavenly. Bat when Mary's husband, the present baronet, came into the property, which he did/very shortly before the time this story . begins, he took qnite an original view of the oase, and proclaimed for and wide that there was no ghost at all, much less a monster. Mary backed him np about it. They un locked the room, had it thoroughly done np and refurnished, and gave it to be understood that they could not understand how anyone in his senses could possibly have believed that there oould have been a word of truth in. any of those old, foolish, superstitions stories. And it was thns Mary oooliy introduced the firstgnest into that hannted room. Did I quite like it when I fonnd myself alone there? Of coarse it is nioe to be told that yon possess plenty of common sense, and that yonr nerves are good; and equally, of course, to proclaim yourself no wiser than yonr neighbors, and your nerves only indif ferent, in the face of such high praise, iB a moral impossibility; but there is a great deal of di&erenoe; between proclaiming a thing and thinking it. My duty to my hostess had forced me to treat the matter in a conventionally light Sumner; bat no sooner did I find myself done than I began to think that there is an unnecessary amount of conventiouality in the world, and that if one might sometimes indulge inaa outbreak of sincerity it would be an infinite relief to one's feelings. Bat I had hot indulged in one, and there I Was in the haunted room, feeling very mnch as the man who once jumped a big fence by accident, and ever afterward had to keep np his character as a hard rider, must'have felt, I gazed around the room in an awestruck manner, and came quickly to the conclusion that the thing I liked the least in it was the bed. A heavy, dark, old bedstead, on whioh was oarved innumerable extremely unattrac tive objects. Heads of murderous-looking men and women, interwoven among horrible, open- mouthed animals, which had never been copied from any of the epeoies supposed to have come out of the ark, and were not the leBB ghastly because their proportione were a physical impossibility. No, I certainly did not like the bed in whioh I was doomed to sleep that night at all. However, lucky for my peace of mind, I had not much time to Bpare in meditation. We had arrived just in time to dress for dinner—papa, Molly and I—and when Mary left me I had only half an hour in which to unpack my dresBing-caee, rummage in my box for some evening clothes, and dress my self for dinner. Molly was the beauty of our family, and, therefore, of coarse, monopolised tho almost undivided attention of our maid. We spent a pleasant enongh evening. Mary understood thoroughly how to keep things going, and it was long after twelve © clock when we ladies trooped upstairs to bed. Molly came into my room for a few moments, and commented condescendingly upon the faot that it was a nice room. I fancied she was rather annoyed to find it much larger and more elaborately furnished than her own. Molly was a capital girl in some ways, hut just a trifle spoilt in others, and ehe used to like to be thought a very important young lady, and to get the best of everything. Any way, she did not stay long with me that evening, but, after a few remarks as to how Miss Jameson Carr-Murton—the latest American beauty—had hated her all the evening, and how much more she would hate her before the next few days were over, she went yawning off to her own room. It was next door io mine. Once again I found myself alone in the haunted room. But this time I was resolved not to think aboutit—I was nervous, and I , lilll » llinI »n TrTnii my mind dweltnpon the matter, tne more nervous I should become, and so I bustled energetically about the room, heaped coals npon the fire, which had the season had its due, ought to have been conspicuous by its. absence, and be»an to ondrees. * *bad not mentioned anything about it to Molly. Talking about it would only have made it worse, and Molly would probably only have laughed at me had I done so, for since she was not going to sleep in the haunted room herself, she would certainly tiShtly BP°Eedt0treBtthe «b0Bt A tap at my door, and Marsden, our maid, entered the room. ' "I shall not want anything to-night, Marsden, I exclaimed, upon seeing her " If yon will excuse my doing eo, I wish to say a few words to you, my lady," she re plied in & rather nervous manner «» Thers are some terrible tales goiDg down in the housekeepers'? room, my lady, about this room," she said, m a mysterious whisner " Thank you, Marsden. I know nifoi," *■ be-indrffer'eMe]in'ed 1 wcnld and,Yndt deling' q'uU?hap^'So^your ladyship s sleeping here, I took the libertv of looking about the room a little this eS '• Thank you again, Marsden for u ing behind it a Binal! panelled door *' Is it a cupboard ?" I inquired "No, my lady," she replied,opening the door and revealing a small, narrow, extremSv steep, winding flight of stairs. «t know where it leads to," she contim,.* solemnly, »but I don't like the i00ks of it. A-s a matter o£ fact no more did I. • ) " We wiii 1 >ck this door, Mareden," I re turned with decision. •• There is neither key nor bolt, your lady ship,' she exclaimed protestingly. And, seeing that she was right in this, I was forced to hide my fears, and, feigning indifference, to put an end to the matter by dismissing her. But no sooner had she left me than I seized a candlestick and-hurried into Molly's room. I had given up all idea of sleeping alone in the Warneiord Abbey haunted room. Molly already was sleeping soundly, but without a moment's consideration I woke her. " What is it, dear?" she inquired drowsily. " Wake np, Molly, I'want to talk to you," I replied briskly, sitting down on the foot of her bed. " Can I sleep in here with you ?" " My dear Florence, jast look at the bed I" she exclaimed, sitting up as she spoke, and bestowing as indignant glance upon me. "Ji is certainly rather small," I replied dolefully. "Small! Indeed it is. 1 assure you it is nearly half a yard too short, and as to turn ing over in it, it is a sheer impossibility," she returned testily. "Ob, I am so glad!"' I exclaimed, and meant what 1 said." —— " Glad ?" she repeated,—— " Very glad; because 1 have a hnge double bed in my room, and I want you to share it with me." But, my door, I am so sleepy, and I know you.will talk all night." " No, indeed I will not, Molly," I assured her. " You must come, really. The room is haunted." " Haunted ?" " Yes; haunted. Mary has given me the haunted room, and 1 assure you I don't like it." " I will come, Florence," ehe agreed at once. " 1 call this too bad of Mary. We cannot both Bleep in here; and, of course, you cannot sleep alone there." And, withont further delay, she put on her dressing-gown and followed me into my room. It soon became evident to me that ehe looked npon the forthcoming night as a rather exciting adventure, and that upon the whole she was prepared to smile upon me for having sought her protection. Just as she was getting into bed her atten tion waB attracted by my friend, the bed stead, and she peered curiously at it for several minutes in her near- sighted way. " i call that distinctly nasty," she re marked with would-be gaiety. " I wonder if one can sleep comfortably in that bed 7" "Shall we try?" I returned, suiting my tone to hers; and before long we both had our heads on the pillows, and silence reigned in the haunted room. So complete was the silencs that I believed Molly to have gon6 to sleep almost im mediately. I was rather restless myself, but was just dozing off at last, when Molly tnrued over so violently two or three times that ehe left me absolutely without bed clothes. I was obliged to remonstrate, al though reluctant to do so because of her good-natnrein coming into my haunted room with me. " You pulled all the bedclothes off when yon turned over the last time, dear," I pro tested gently. "I really should not have distnrbed you abont it if yon had left the sheet, but—" " Pray take them all," she replied shortly, Molly's temper was rather short sometimes. " This is a most uncomfortable arrange ment." " Do not be cross," I suggested calmly. " Let us go to sleep," she agreed. This time nothing happened to disturb us, and we both did go: to sleep, and slept for several hours, When X next awoke I did so with a start, and trembling all over sat bolt upright in bed. My breath camo in quick, spasmodic gasps, my heart beat wildly, and my eyes be came fixed in a horrid stare npon the enrtain which covered the secret door. Undeniably there were footsteps coming tlowly and stealthily down the hidden stair case 1 The fire burnt dimly in the grate, casting an unnatural, ghostly light over the scene, and horribly weird did that l&Tge;, oak pannelled room look by that feeble, flickering light. Utterly powerless to move or speak, I sat fJl fir A J n _ -JL- L-in q nightmare as those £oot~ steps come nearer and nearer, until at last they stopped just outside the door. 1 -tried to close my eyes; but no, some strange, uncanny influence seemed to hold them riveted upou the -curtain, which pre sently was slowly drawn aside. Very stealthily the emaciated figure of a very tall woman entered the room. Slowly and noiselessly this black-robed figure crossed over to one of the windows, pulled faaok the curtains with a long blue-white hand, and stood gazing outward in the 6oft brilliant light of the full moon. Still unable to stir a finger or nttcr even a single word, I seemed to live a lifetime, while that shrouded figure stood there in that weird light with its back toward me. Suddenly it moved, turned toward me, and began to rapidly move acrosB the room toward the bed in which I lay. Murder and insanity were plainly visible npon tbe face of the woman who approaohed me. Her long cloak was thrown back, and in her right hand she held a large and extremely awkward looking knife. Bnt, ah, Heaven, the relief of it 3 It was a living woman with whom I had to deal! Another second and I had roused Molly, and was out of bed, struggling with my foe, whom I so much surprised by the quickness of my movements that, with only the matter of two unpleasant gashes, one on my hand and another on hers, I succedingin wresting the knife from her and throwing it far away ont of the open window. Then it merely became a case of physical strength ; and, as I was luckily a strongly built woman, I held my own very satisfac torily against her, nntil Molly brought every one in the house into tbe haunted room by her screams in the corridor outside it. It proved to be the housekeeper, who had lived at Warnefold for nearly fifty years, and whom no one had ever connected with the ghost in the haunted room, although the servants declared that they had. always known that she suffered from fits of insanity, but that they had never oared to mention it, knowing that sbe was a favorite and a valu able old rervant. They had believed her to be quite harmless. A little mistake, by the way, which might have been awkward forme. The amount of heat which the sun sends forth every second is calculated to be so great that it would require 12 quadrillions of tons of coal to produoe it—an amount quite beyond tbe power of the common mind to grasp. The amount of water which it raises from the earth every minute is estimated at the enormous weight of 37.000,000 000 of tons. The sting of the bee is so peculiarly con structed that if you pull it out, instead of re lieving the pain, it adds greatly to it, for in stead of palling out the poison, you push it into tbe flesh. This is not generally known hence the severer pain from the sting. Scrape tbe sting ont immediately with a knife, and you scrape the poison out also, ml soon for get you have been stung. The Canadian Government ceased to grant assisted passages to emigrants in July, 1SS9; but the statistics of the port of Montreal show that S,5S9 emigrants arrived in that city ls3t year, against 7,931 tbe year before, and that tbe immigration is now of a better class than formerly, the amount of money brought by tbe new-comershavingrisen from £85,140 to £99,0S0. Of last year's arrivals it should be said that 1,033 were on their way to the United States. The almost universal verdict of German scientists is against smokinganasnuff- taking as extremely injurious. Bilroth, the famous Vienna surgeon, says: " Thst the posterity of the nicotinised and alooholissd higher society is becoming steadily weaker and more nervous, is by no means surprising. The ooloesal increase of nerve and mind diseases in our day is undoubtedly the result, to a great extent, of the tobacoo and aloobol habit, and of the straining of the nervous system caused by these poisons." 