ALADY CHEil'WY !D' 8PECTRE, CHAPTER XXVI. THE PLOTTER LOOMS OUT AGAIN. 'Oh no, no,' wailed the girl, shudder ing.. He loved me, he did love me.' 'You think sol Well hear me. Ohet wynd and Sylvia Monk were betrothed at the 'death-bed of my stepmother, Roy's own mother. They loved each other with a passionate affection,' said the scheming villain lying gliby. !They 'were both proud, both wilful.. What followedi A quarrel of course. Lovers always quarrel. Chetwynd went away in: his yacht, Sylvia-named in holnoured of his betrothed- and strayed away into the northern seas. He went to Norway, and finally appeared at St Kilds. You know what followed. Stung. with anger at his treatment by. Sylvia, and longing madly to indict s-ome terrible pain upon herhemarried 'No, no.. 'He loved mel' 'Yoi still, think sol. Bow women cling to the last 'to a belief in their power to winmenlt :And you believe that Lord Ohetwynd used to the society 'of the beat cultivated women in Engl and-you think he fell in love at first night with a simple bred young island girl of St. Kilda i' The vanity of ,'women is something appalling. You think'I am stern and hard, Bernice. but I am only just. They loved each "other 'Romeo' and 'Juliet' fashion They could die for lovel When Chet wynd came home with you, he realized what he had done. He loved Sylvia, and he was married to you. He is a noble fellow and he would never have suffered you to know the truth. One night he told Sylvia in the pink boudoir that he loved her more than ever, and, that he wished he were dead.' '?Bernices gasped for breath) She recalled the night in which she had seen id the pink boudoir, Sylvia Monk in .: w1*wrj4,0~a ý A # Q a Monk was speaking the truth forced itself upon her reluctant mind. Monk noted the impression he was making, and resumed 'Il short Bernice, they loved each other. You gave them hack to each other. After consigning you to the burial vault, Ohetwynd returned home and had private interview with Sylvia. In that interview all was made straight between them. Ohetwynd thought it best to spend the year of his mourning abroad, and he. went. He would not expose his future wife to malicious comment. H ereturned to day. This very evening Ohetwynd and Sylvia renewed their former engagement. Obhetwynd adores her. He is anxious to hurry on the marriage. He is, all joy rapture, hope, as lovers are wont to be. He -elieves that he saw year spectre to night. Great heaven! what will be his despair if you reveal the fact to him that you live!' Monk seemed stupefitd at the very thought. Bernice stood like a statue. She remembered that she had heard Chet wynd call Sylvia. 'My promised wife, only a few houra since! She remembered thatSylvia had been in Ohetwynd's arms, herhead buried in his breast, his kisses on her face. A great darkness of horror cams upon the poor. young wife. Monk regarded her furtively, :not certain'as to her movements. He went on softly, sorrowfully S'Oh Bernice. it is all a hideous trouble. What can be donet It must be terrible to come back to life af er a seeming death and find that one is not wanted.' Bernice gave a convulsive sob, but she was not weeping. She looked the picture of awful despair. 'There have been women,' said Monk after a long silence, 'so self abnegating that upon such a return to life they would go away in silence, without re vealing the blighting secret of their continued life. Are there such women nowl' 'But I am his wife you know I We said' until death do us part and I'm not dead, Gilbert. His second marriage while I live would be illegal.' 'Not so. Death annulsall tiep. Con seemed to die, and were buried. You are aupposed to be dead. You are dead in the eyes of the law,' said the villain with an air of reluctant sincerity 'If you were to reappear, it is possible that your marriage ceremony might have to be performed again to make you Chetwynd's wife. I repeat that in the eyes of the law you are dead, Chet wynd's recond marriage would be legal and valid.' • The girl brought up in far island-of the sea knowing nothing about law, profoundly ignorant upon many points on which an English school girl s informed having implicit reliance upon the faith in the man who had rescued her from the tomb,believed himl 'What can I do?' the girl whispered in a dazed sort of way. 'You can reveal your presence here and destroy the man you love or yo, can go back to Mawr Castle with Flack. he's about the grounds; he brought Mrs Crowl's letter-and you can wait at the castle till I come when we can decide upon your future. Which t it to bel Will you be a brave heroic martyr, capable of the sublimest self. sacrifice a woman can make or will you claim your own restoration to your rights let what may happenl' His words stung the despairing girl into a strange exaltation. She raised her white woful face in the white sheen of the moonlight and the seal of her self abnegation was set upon it. 'And you will go back to Mawr Castle?' The girl nodded dumbly. 'I find Flack. Hie shall hires car riage, and drive you to Eastbourne. It would not be well for you to be seen even in Easthourne. Flack will accom. pany you to the castle. You have done a brave, grand, and noble thing in giving up Roy,Bernice I admire you for your subline self.sacrilice. I will make your future my charge. I will be your brother, will watch; over yos, and try to make you happy. Wait here Bernice, while i go and find Flackand send him for the car. riage. I will return and see you safely out and on your way with him.' Bernice nodded asent. He made his way down to the edge of the park, and readily feund Flack. Monk sent his ally to the little inn at Ohetwynd by Sea for the required carriage. Hav nlog seen him depart, Monk stole back again into the house. He entered the little room in which he had left Ber nice. She was not there. He stood as if:transfired. What had happenedi Had she been discoveredl Had she repented her self. sacrifice! His wild eyes detected the gleam of paper on the floor. It was a note in Bernice's handwritting and ran as follows: 'Gilbert I have given him up, I shall respect my oath not to.reveal my identity; but Icannot leave him yet. One more look at his dear face-to hear his voice again-to see him sleep. ing--surely I may be permitted these without fear of wronging any one. Do not search for me. i may go back to .Mawr Oastle in time-notnow. My only thought now is that he is here and I Iqjt be ~sPr bim, rppe)f un" I That was all. Monk sought for he through all the hours of thatnight. H I listened at Chetwynd's door he was in an agony of unrest and forboding for his search was in vain. He did not i find her! CHAPTER XXVII. A REALITY UNDER THESEEMING. Upon the morning of the double ap. pearance of the 'spectre' of Lady Chet wynd at Chetwynd Park, the family met at the breakfaet.tab!e at the usual ,our, every member bearing evidence in heavy eyes and pallid face, of having passed a sleeplss, night. The young marquis grave and troubled and with a haggard look in his blue eyes, came forward to meet Miss Monk as she swept with gentle undulation into the room, and took her. hand leading her to her aeat. His manner was full of chivalric courtesy that distinguished him, but it was not the manner of a lover. Indeed,he had been so absorbed in thoughts of Bernice throughout the night as to have quite forgotten his second betrotthal'to Miss Monk; but Sylvia as may be supposed had not forgotten it. There was a tenderness in Miss Monk's manner, a soft reliance upon him, a loving deference that recalled to Lord Ohetwynd the fact that she was his betrothed wife. After breakfast Miss Monk took Lord Ohetwynd's arm with the air of one having a right to its support, and walked through the great bell to the morning room. Sylvia led the marquis to one of the windows.' 'Oh Roy;' she said in a low sibilant voice, 'how happy I aml Your wife and mistress of Chetwynd Park! You little know the grandeur of a love like mine, that would dare all things -poverty trouble, disgrace even if that were possible-only to become your wife. You have made me rapturously happy;' She clasped her brown hands, about his arm and drooped her head upon hi+ shoulder. Ohetwynd half shrank from her car esaes. I wish that I had an ardent love to offer you, Sylvia,' he said gravely; but I am disappointed, misanthropical man, whose whole life is shadowed by a memory. I will be frank .with you, Sylvia. I love you as a sister, and you are only second in my heart to her I lost. Heaven knows I mean to be a true and tender husband to you; but Bernice dead is more to me than any woman living.' 'Yes, I know,' said Miss Monk with a shade of irrepressible bitterness; 'but if I may not hold the first place in your heart, dear Roy, I will be con tent with the second. Better to be your servant than another's queen! My love shall soothe you and win you in spite of yourself. I will make you happy, Roy, and I shall myself be blessed, You cannot wonder,' she added, after a pause, 'that I long for a home' in which I shall have an in dubitable right. No one will dare say a cruel word of your wife. I think it mould be but fair and just to me that our engagement should be pro claimed at once. My position will then be made clear, end I shall not feel compelled to seek other shelter. Chbetwynd einced a little. He would have preferred not to ancounce his engagement of marriage so soon after his return home, but he reluctantly acquiesced to Miss Monk's desire. 'I knew you would think as I do, said Sylvia, in a tone of satisfaction. 'I presumed upon your consent to my wishes, and have already communicated the fact of our engagement to Mrs Skewer and to Rages. I shall write a note to Lady Welby to-day informing her also, and she will spread the news throughout Sussex. Lady Welby will come to see me atonce. And Roy,when she asks me how soon we are to be married, what shall I say to her' Chetwynd started and shrank from Miss Monk perceptibly. 'I do not know-Ibad not thought, he said; 'I leave the date of our mare riags to you Sylvia. Any date you may fix upon will be agreeable to me.' 'Then let me say this day two months said Mirs Monk, vivaciously; 'It is now. March. We will be married in May, in the season of early flowers and good weather. We will have a good breakfast here at the Park and a gar den party, a dinner and a ball to celebrate our marriage. And we will then go to the Continent for the sum mer. She flung her arms around his neck and kiseed him. He returned the caress in a quiet, dispaseionate manner that at another time would have angered her. She talked to him gayly for awhile until the bailiff made his appearance, and then she glided away to her own room tri~lnphantly hap py. 'Everything is going on splendidly, Ragee,' she said, entering her dressing room with a wild waltz. 'Chetiwynd consents to the immediate announce. ment of our engagement; and I have appointed this day two months for the marriage. He will give me a blank cheque for my 'trounseau.' He cannot retreat now. I am sure to be Lady Ohetwynd. Quit brooding over that mystery of the ghost for an hour, and help me to make out my lists for orders and shopping. We have time enough to study the mystery after wards.' MUo~ab pah dow?al Ir desk and e wrote an affectionate letter tober friend Lady Welby announcing her engage ment of marriage to Lard Ch.- wynd and r the time for the marriage. She pealed t her note daintily with pale green wox and stumped it with her favourite device of a huge serpent with crested head and forked tongue about to strike, Her next letters were; to mnilliner a and dressmakers, ordering a msgn.ficenL \- 'trousseau,'many of the artic!es in r which she carefully specified and dis Scribed. This was.a labour of love. s She dilated upon colours and fabrics Switr ardor, extending her letters to a dozen pages each. She also wrote I to various business houses in London for samples and garments to be sent to Chetwynd Park for her inspection, thus ordering jewels, shawls, rare laces I and a host of other feminine orna ments. She went down to luncheon, meet ing the marquis, Gilbert Monk, t and Mr Sanders, who had been invited I-to remain. It was evident that the s bailiff had not been informed of. the i new relations existing between his employer .and Sylvia. The young lady awaited only sa oppottunity t, Sp:roclaim her good fortune hus the t opportunity did not soon occur. The I object ofconversation was the memorial school, which his lordship and Mr Sanders had been discussing all the morning, and the marquis was too f deeply interested in it to drop it now I We n.ay as well mention that Lord t Ohetwynd had not said one word to his bailiff concering the double'apparit ion' of the previous evening. Gilbert Monk was silent, as if oppers sed. He had spent ail the morning in Sa fruitless search of the park but had s found no trace oi Bernice. Flack was still lingering about the grounds, and had assisted Monk in his morning search, and was under osders to con tinue the quest along the line of coast in the afternoon, Monk determining to look for Bernice in the house. bylvia observed til,. change in her brother's manner and her theory that he had a secret of his own received confirmation. 3he listen, d intent y to every word that passed between Chet wynd and his bailiff. And presently she found an opportunity of proclaim ing her engagement to his lordship. Mr Sanders made some inquiry, to which the marquis replied 'Oh as to the dormitories, as the school is for girls. Miss Monk will give me her advice and aid.' 'Not only in this but in all things, dear Roy,' said Miss Monk with a gentle familiarity. 'Itis my pleasure as well as my right now you know.' Lord Ohetwynd's fair bronzed face reddened. 'Sander,' he said, rather awkwardly, I forgot to tell you,, but Miss Monk has promisdd to be .my wife. The marriage will take place this day two months.' The bailiff hastened to offer his con gratuliations. 'This day two months,' said Gilbert Monk to himself with a thrill of joy. '1 have then but two months more to wait, Once they are married, I can carry out my plans in regard to Bernice. Only two monthdl Now if I can only get Bernice away from here, and back at Mawr Oastle until the wedding is over, my fortune is made.' After the repast Gilbert Monk with drew apparently to his own room, and was seen no moie until dinner. The intervening hours w'er actually spent by him in an examination of the dis used portions of th% grand old house. He visited the more modern suites of rooms in the main building, he ex amined the great picture gallery, and even ascended to the unused attics, but night found him again disappoin ted anxious, bsffl d. He was gay and boyish at dinner, but afterwards he concealed himself in the conservatory and watched for Berni.e, belieseing that in her love, despair, and recklessness, she would steal in again, as on the previous evens ing, for a glance at Ohetwynd and Sylvia together. But she did not come. He was not the only one who watch ed for Bernice. Lord Ohetwynd's eyes constantly reverted to the wide sliding doors of the conservatory.- And Sylvia herself secretly watched, with dread and trembling, for the beautiful 'spectre.' Lord Chetwynd retired to his room that night with a sense of disappoitit. ment half convincerd that he had been indeed the victim of a frcak ,f dis ordered imagination. He had been elumnlring mnore than an hour, and hlin deepeeitg br abhing sounded thrcogh the lu?hed rooo,ahd the light burned loe, and ;the embers were dying on the hearth- when thea door of the dressing-ro0om softly opened and the 'spectre' stole into the room. SThe young marchioness looked indeed a spectre in her long, white burial robes, with her bared arms end bosom but half shaded by a standing frill of point lace, with her streamling hair black as midnight with her brown eyes full of anguish and despair, with her pale face and perfect features set in a piteous look of utter desolateness. And yet how gloriously beautiful she was! The wild gipsy grace had yielded to a gracefulness and refine ment born of the highest culture; the Sbrown gipsy complexion had cleared to a pale lovely olive tint, and though Sthere was no colour in the delicate, Sre?ied fac,h.!r ?ly. 1ost Potbhil?g bky its absence. Chetwynd's island brid with her innocent freedom, her wild neos, her gipsy ways, was indeed dead; and in her place stood this balf-haughty high bred noble creature, fit to grace a crown. And be could rtot know itl' No instinct warned him that she woe near, as he slumbered heavily. The pulses of his heart stirred not as she stole through the dimness like a ghost indeed to his side, and bent above him in an agouy of love and tenderness. Hier kisses fell like snow flakes softly on his hair, his face, his hands, and he f-lt them rot. He hadi been much awake on the previous night, and Nature was now taknmg her recom pense.' 'My darlingl oh, my daringl' was the mute cry that filled Bernice's heart. The new love will never worship you as the old love did. Sylvia cannot understand you as Bernice did. Oh it is hard to be thought dead, and yet to live-to know that regret for one is over, and that one is no longer miased. It is hard to see one's place filled-to know that another's caresses are dear eat now, anot her's voice most prized. I should have died in my trance. Oh, heaven why did I not diea' bhe bowed her head, and hir tears dropped like a silnm rain upon the fair golden hair of her young husband. And he who loved her better than his life lay there sleeping heavily, hearing nothing seeing nothing knowing nothing of her nearness to him. Exhaustion fettered him as a drug might have done. Bernice feasted her yearning eyes upon his fair and noble face. She kissed his hands softly. She yearned over him. And yet she dared not betray to him her presence. Her oath restrained her, but the belief that she was forgotten by her husband, and that he loved another better would have prevented her revelation of her presence even had she taken no oath of ail. nce. A little while she lin.ered, until he stirred uneasily in his sleep and then she silently flitted away going into the dressng room. She had hidden in the attics all day and it was her dress Monk had heard, as she fled before him in his search. She was cold and hungry, having eaten nothing since the previous day. She stood before thehearth in her dressing room in an attitude of flight, hearken ing intently, and warming herself. There was a silver tray on the table, with a half bottle of wine and some biscuits, which had been brought up by the butler having observed how little his lordship had eaten at the table since his return home., The little attention to the marquis stood Bernice in good stead. She drank a portion of the wine and ate the biscuits as she grew warm and comfortable. But she might not linger there-it was time to go. 'She had uorn a dark, lone cloak of waterproof clothbon her journey from Wales, and it was hidden in an upper room now. She had chosen to lay it aside during her night excurison deem ing ii safer, if bhe: were met, to be taken for a spectre. The cloak was not warm enough to protect her from the chili of the damp, unused roomns she had made her haunt, and she stole now to one of the wardrobes and pulled out a long drawer in which she had kept her shawls. The shawls were there now as she had left them. Her dresses hung in the presi and were folded on the shelves,just as F.fine had arranged them. She took out an Indian cash mere shawl which Chetwynd had bought for her in London,and wrapped its soft fold - around her. Then she closed the drawer, and crept to the door and listened. Not a sound was to be heard without. 'She still believed Gilbert Monk to be her best earthly friend,and she loved him as a sister might, and was grateful to him; but she desired to avoid him for the present, lest he should urge her to return to Mawr Castle and she would not be able to refuse him. She had listened at his door before ap proaching at Ohetwynd's and knew that Monk was then asleep. She passed the dressing room and bedchamber of her East Indian rival, her heart beating, it seem to her, like a drum. As she came abreast the door of Miss Monk's bathroom, which had been ajar all the evening it silently opened and the witchlike figure of old hagee crept out like a flash. Bernice caught a glimpse only of the dusky East Indian face, which resembled a face cut from a walnut more than anything else, a turban, a pair of, out. stretched arms, and the gleam of Bisis. ter eyes, and then she flew before her strange pusurer, without a word of outcry. The old woman sprang upon her like a panther, clutching her shiwl. Ber niceloosened her hold upon itand flitted away without it; like the white spectre she seemed. She hurried into the branching corridor in a panic, hut the old woman did not pursue her. She clutched the shawl tightly in her arms and hurried back into the bath-room. No one had been roused. She went into Miss Monk'sbedchamber. Sylvia was sitting up in bed, anxious and expectant. 'Welli said the young lady, impat iently. 'You have. watched all the i evening, Bagee, depriving me of my sleep, and what good have gained by itr 'Thisl' cried old Ragee, dashing the ;bmwldowu upon the bed. Do po know that shawl1 I have just seen the pectre. It came ozt of the late Lady Ohetwynd's dressing room. It was dressed in white only itwore this shawl to protect it from the cold. It crossed the hall. When it came alongside the bathroom I darted out and grasped the shawl,dragging it from its shoulders. The spectre was flesh and blood. The shawl proves that. I saw its face. It was white with terror-it was changed and beautiful-bot it was the face of Lady Ohetwynd! Theface of the living marchionessl It is as I believed. Gilbert blonk overheard our scheming and out-witted us. The girl is alive, I tell you. Why she does not reveal herself to her husband I cannot imagine but she's alive. She must mean to prevent your marriage with Lord Ohet. wynd. We have imperilled our lives -with what resultl Your position in ,ife, your longed for title and grand Purs your wealth, your love, your very life, are all trembling in the balance She has but to speak to send you and! me to prison. Our safety lies in prompt action. That pretended death must be made a reality ! and the old East Indian woman brought her witchlike face close to the horrihed and ghastly counten ance of her young mistrese. We have got our work to do over again. The girl must die! Brush up your wits, missy; We must plan how to get rid of her. How shall she diel'l CHAPTER XXVIII. THE NEW CELEBRITY. We have now to relate the exper ience of Mr Iempest. the great explorer of China and Tartary, who has b-en the travelling companiun of Lord Ohet wynd upon the return to England from Genoa. Mr Tempest was devoted to science, and his exploration and discoveries had made a great sensation in the scientific world. He had sent home books to be published under the auspices of the R.3 al eographical Society, and his name had become in England a house* hold word. For years his progress in t e East-had been occasionally noted with more or less a:curacy in telegra phic aespatches. He came home to England as quietly as agy private, obscure gentleman, to find himself a celebrity. Upon the morning after the departure of Lord Obhetwynd for Sussex .the morn ing after Mr Tempest had sead in tie newspaper of that disaster at sea in which Mr and Mrs Gwellan had perish ed the great explorer exhumed his manuscripts, diaries, and reports from his portmanteau, and made his way to the head quarters of the Royal Geographical Society. He found himself received with such flattering attentions that he consented to remain a month in England at the least and accept an invation to dine with a learned F. R. G. S.-one Sir Harry Fortescue- that very day, and an invitation) for the morrow with a party of scientific gentlemen. 'You look harassed, Tempest.' said Sir Harry Fortescne, as at last he walked out of the society rooms arm in arm with the great explorer, cn their way to the baronet's club, into which Tempest had been persuaded to'drop'for an hour. ) on think we shall run yon to death, hut when the ladise-the most indefatigable lion hunters in the world come upon you,yoou will have to senr render at discretion, and allow yourself to be led by a silken string. Then you'll know in truth what it is to be harassed. Itis the penalty you must pay for being a lion. Have you been much in English society my dear Sirl' 'Not of late yeare,'replied Mr Tempest 'I don't like society, Sir parry. My fifteen years, more or less in Tartary, have not fitted me to grace a lady's boudoir. I don't like gossip and small talk and comments on the weather. I hate the whole sham. I am sorry I have committed myself to wine and dine as I have done, and yet I should like to carry back to Tartary with me a glimpse into social life such as I used to enjoy.' 'You'll have more than a glimpse, Tempest-take my word for it. Mr Lowell will have you at his heavy dinners, willi-nilli, and Sir John Graeme, and Mr Lubbock, and Mr Townsend will follow suit. Lady Fortescue is sure to give a party for you, and Mrs Harrison Briggs will get up a 'reunion,and Lady Elmer will give one of her inimitable dinners, and so on and so on, until our great explorer is lured to try the unknown lend of matrimony. I am right am I not, in thinking you unmarriedr' 'Quite right,' alid Tempest calmly,' I do not care for women, Sir Harry. I am a woman hater; I believe. But enough of that. I doubt the ability of any one to detain me in England longer thata month.' Sir Harry smiled, but looked puzzled as be responded 'But have you no friends in England, Mr Tempest-no ties of any sert to bind you here?' 'My freaods are few in somber, Bir Harry,' said the explorer sadly. 'Can yoan tell me anything of the Right Heoon ourtle Mrs William Molyneux a great beauty and L.lfe a dozen years ago?' He asked the question with seeming earelesasness and indifference his face averted. He awaited the baronet's answer in a breathless suspense. 'I remember Mis Molyneux,' said Sir BHarry. Whbldoes notl She se as you say, a'.great beauty. She had some trouble with her husband, I believe. I anever I understood what the treable was, but he hopart4 bers' 'Yes yes,' said Mr Tempest; bhuskily: 'Where is she now?' 'She went to one of the German baths for her health sad remained away some years. dhe.wee a proud woman, and never recovered the blow of her husband's desertion. She came hone a wr ck of her formerself, her beauty all faded, and buried herself somewhere in the country. She lost her only child in its infancy, I have heard, and had few ties to bind her to life. Hers was a sad story. She died seven years ago--' 'Died?' 'Yes; of consumption, I think. Her death was in all. the papers. Did you know her well? Mr Tempest did not reply immediately, nor did he show his faee to his companion who would have been startled at its sing ular pallor, and at tb: strange expression of emoticn that convulsed it. '1 met her often in society,' the explorer said at last, as the sllenoe grew marked and optressive. Pardon me Sit Harry; I fancied the face of that gentleman over the way looked familiar. Isee my mistake, I never saw him before. lt am always seeing familiar faces this morning, 1. think. 'Here we are at my club Mr Tempest' said Sir Harry. 'I am anxious to intro. duce youto my friends. Perhaps you may really find some of your old sqruaintaanes among them.' Tempest hositated. His soul was pro foundly stirred by the news he had just heard. Be would have given much to be able to creep away to some friendly solil tude just then, but he conquered his long ing, and with an exercisee of his almost superhuman self control,cslmed his feature and resumed his ordinary meaner. He accompanied Sir Harry into the club Men of note and rank were introduced to him, and be found his name and travels alike well known to 8ir Barry's friends. Hie met no old acquaintances. No one in the well fitted club- rooms seemed ever to have personally met Mr Tempest. He spent an hour at the club making friends and then returned to his hotel. He dined that evening with Sir Harry Forteecue, as he hid promised. His heart was in mourning for Bernice, whom he believed to be dead! and also in mourning and torn by the pangs of self reproach be cause of that Mrs Molyauen, whose story had been so sad, and who had died young. 'And yet what have [ to reproach my self for he rsked himself with angry de8s nece. I'did rightly. And poor Marguerite is'dead-'tdied seven years agol It is as welL' Despite the emotions surging within him, Tempest maintained his supreme control himself, and no one suspected that aught was wrorg with him. A large party had been arranged to succeed the dinner. The ladies drove home to dress for the larger evening enter tainment, Lady Forteecue retired to her private rooms, and Mr Templet adjourned with his host and afew kindred soul to the library, to t spend the hours intervening between the two entertainments in con genii conversation. SAns the hour grew late, the dreaing room began to fill with asyly dressed people and the host returned with r is friends to the soene of brightness and splendour. Sir Harry as in duty bound, placed himself in, close attendance upon Lady Forterune assisting her in the reception of her guests. Tempest was overwhelmed with atten. ation which he continued to receive med. estly and coolly. Lady Fortecue made a touear of her grand rooms upon his arm, with apretty air of proprietorship, as if meaning to assert that the new lion was her own especial property. 'Do you know, Mr Tempest,' said her ladyship smiling, th, t I am piqued at your your cynicism and hatred of women, and that I have vowed to myself that our great Tartar shall bow his haughty head to the yoke of Englishwomen? No? You did net anuspect my designs? Well I have given you -lair warning. Surely an explorer of heathen wilds who has not aeen an Eng lish drawing room before in ten years, ought to be peculiarily susceptible to the charms of a cultivated English lady. Is there not one fair face in all the throng that wins upon you? Your cynicisn is a challenge, and I Intend that you shall frll in love to night. It will be a novel sensation to you, Mr Tempest I doubt not.' and Lady Forterca laughed pleasantly. 'How do you like that fair haired lady yonder? She is a Miss Meynall. Shall I introduce you to het?' Tempest shrugged his shoulders. 'That is not the face to bring me to my knees Lady Fortescue,'he replied adopting her ladyship's tone of fight badinage, 'Is not this what you society people call a 'jam' to night?' "You think toevade me, Mr Tempest, by turning the subject but your device is too clumsy,' Isug bed the:baronet's wife. What do you think of the lady in blue? She's an heir'es-a Miss Grayson.' 'Her diamonds are fine I should say,' replied Tempest coolly. 'Is. there more to sa.?' 'Oh you wicked creature!' said Lady Portescue tapping her arm with her fan. What do you say to say of these, ladies in the group yonder?' 'Your sohocitunde is all wasted upon me, Lady Fortescue. 1 am confirmed in my winkedee.s. You will have to let me alone'" 'Not no. I shall gis eyou overints the hand of ope of the most renewned coquettes in London-a widow, wealthy, surrounded by suitors, and e gaged it is rumoured to a gentleman who has long loved her. She willreduce youtoea slate of abject iseary in a week, I don't doubt. I never yet saw the man who could withstand her coquetries' To be continued, A brotal assault was committed a Thursday week on T. Hoyle, one of the jurors who found five unionists guilty of rioting st 01ermout, Queensland. Boyls was proceediug homem when he was set upon by six roughs in the darkness, and received a brutal besting. His head and face were oat and his eyes hlckaened He was unabls toidentifyhia assailants. Stephin Oroxton entered a wine shbp in Port Melbourne, and c lled for a bettle of winea. He was servel? with the linquor, and after some friendly talk with the landlady was taken saddenly ilI?~ a tlmpsl immeldikLlyNS ? pId 