LADY PEARL. * 'He cannot well be worse,' replied Nesbitt, gloomily, ' and I only left him to ask your advice. I have been walking about in every direytion and am as tired as a dog. My wife has been spirited away.' 'By whom?' asked the duke, as he poured out a little cognac for Nesbitt and himself. ' Here, drink this, it will steady your nerves and then tell me all about it.' I went home last night and found her gone-that's all.' 'But she may have been out walking and lost her way.' ' Countycella would n6t go without me or a message from me, and she is the last of living creatures to lose her way. See what a horrible fix I am in. .I can't in all brotherly love leave Hugh, and I am mad to go in search of my wife.' 'Leave Hugh to me,' said the duke, 'and if he can be spoken to I will explain your absence. As for your wife-don't trust to yourself, but go to Scotland Yard.' 'They would be very little help in this case,' said Nesbitt, shaking his head. 'The Romany people work cunningly. I have no hope of finding her alive.' 'But you will go in search of her?' 'Right willingly, and then you will look after Hugh. If you do not hear from me in a day or two you may, give me up too. Good-bye duke.' SNot good-bye, but au revoir,' was the reply of the young nobleman. 'And, here, you will want some money. Take as much as you please. Nay, you must have some,' and despite Nesbitt's protestations he crammed a handful of notesand gold into his pocket. 'Winnings at the gaming-table, Nesbitt,' he said. Almost the first and assuredly the last, for I have turned my back to night upon the pernicious habit. You won't trouble yourself, will you? Go to Scotland Yard and offer a reward.' 'I think I would rather trust to myself,' said Nesbitt, sadly. And with a warm grasp of the hand they parted. CHAPTER XXX. His grace the Duke of Blackfern had but little rest after the night spent at the gambling club, the last he was ever to spend in that haunt of vice, for after tossing about awhile he fell into a fitful sleep which he was only permitted to enjoy for an hour. A:knock-at .the dobr aroused him. 'Who is there ?' he asked, peevishly. 'I, your grace,' replied his valet. 'A gentleman wishes to see yoh--Mr. Claverly, sir.' - 'See me ? What is the time ?' 'Just seven, your grace. Mr. Claverly has been riding all night and he wants to see you at once.' 'Pearl is found, poor girl, I suppose,' said the duke. ' Well, better to know the worse than endure the suspense I have known of late. Show Mr. Claverly in.' He sprang out of bed and donned a dressing gown and slippers in half a dozen seconds. Then B3arnes Claverly, haggard arid mud-stained from fatigue and hard riding, was shown in. 'Well, Claverly, what is it ?' said the duke. 'Let me know the worst at once,' ' The worst,' said Claverly,' is very bad. Lady Pearl is dead I' 'I have had no hope of her being alive,' said the diuke sadly. 'Where was she found ?' 'She is not found.' 'You speak in enigmas. Pray be as explicit and as brief as possible.' Then Barnet Claverly told the story of Dr. Sabotson having confessed to the plot between him and Sir Charles Friarly, the confinement of Lady Pearl, and the fire at Gaunt House. The duke groaned aloud as he heard it. 'To think that she was so near,' he said, 'and might have been rescued ja hundred times. It is enough to. drive. one mad. But Friarly shall pay for it with his life. If the law cannot touch him-my hand:will.' • 'It is that which brought me here in such- haste,' said Claverly. ' What will you do? Charge him with conspiracy and murder ?' 'Yes. None so fit a place for him as the felon's dock, I could not call him out disgraced and dishonoured as he is. Oh, Heaven if I bad but known.' 'It is an awful business,' said Claverly, ' and.I would advise Friarly to keep clear of an English mob when the story be comes known. The rudest people-have a rough sense of justice, and they would rend him limb from limb,' - ' Id not stand between him ariand them,' said the duke grimly. Another knock at the door and the voice of the.valet was again heard : ' If you please, your grace, two ladies desire to see you.' S'Two ladies !' murmured the astonished duke. ' Who can theybe ? I cannot see them in this attire. Go to them, Claverly and ascertain their business.' The young guardsman left the room, and the duke heard -him- utter a short, sharp exclamation:' of surpr se. It wshs followed by some rapid speaking, and Barnet came hurrying back. . " : 'Duke,' he said,'' are you strong enough to bear some unexpected news ?' "- : 'If it is good or bad I'can bear it,' ;the duke replied. ' I am hardened.' i ' Lady Pearl-is alive and in the next room.' - - 'Claverly, don't jest with me.' - -The duke turned deadly:pale and every fibre of his'body trembled. He found it was harder to bear an unexipected joy than an unexpected sorroiv. 'Jest with you sir,' said Claverly, ' I am in no mood for that sort of thing. The other lady is also one called back fiom the grave.' ' \Vho is she.' ' Lady Friarly.' The duke stared at him, believing that he was -really demented,- but Barnet Claverly felt there was no time for further argument or explanation, and seizing hIim by the arm led or rather forced him into the next room. 'Now,' he said, ' can you believe your own eyes?' ",There was Pearl and Lady Friarly, both changed by the suffering, but easily recog nised. - 'IMelville,' cried Pearl, as she flew towards him, and b.e locked her in hisi arms. SMy God, I thank thee !'bhe murmtired: reverentially. It was some tilia'e before they could talk composedly, hnd he didnot call Hugh to mind until Pearl spoke of him, so absorbed was.he in the joy of having found his beloved sister. 'Forgive me, Pearl,' he said, ?'but I ought to have remembered poor .IIugh before. He is lying not far from here dangerously ill--' Pearl could not stay a moment longer. She must go to Hugh, she said, and none gainsayed her. The impatience which had prompted her to seek her brother at that er'y hour was redoubled when her lover was brought into questian. Hugh Egerton still lay at the doctot's house, and that hardened practioner had, after bsttling manfully withl death, given up all hopes. That very morning he said to his wife, a woman of deep sympathy and who had lent her aid to the patient: 'I have done my best. As far as I can see, no earthly Dower can save him.' He was with the patient when a cab drew up at thie door and four unexpected visitors got out. He recognised the duke, and received him with the gravity the occasion demanded, but when it was explained to hiim who Lady Pearl vas a light of hope sprang into'his eyes. ' He has talked much of this lady,' he said, 'in a rambling sort of way, but I judge from such fragments as I have been able to understand that she will prove to be a better physician than I can be now.' They all went in to look at him lying on his couch. Worn to a shadow of his former self, but handsome and noble still. A man withl such a heart and soul as he possessed could never be otherwise than great and noble. Nothing that this world could do to him could make him repulsive. Like the great sculptor's work, the mere shattering does not destroy its beauty. In every fragment there is some thing to admire. So with Hugh. Though wasted away and with deep lines of care upion his brow, and the-furrows of auguish about his mouth, he was Hugh Egerton still. Nothing could really change himi, and Pearl as she looked upon her lover, felt the almost irresistible desire to. clasp her arm about his neck and draw him to her breast. But he was sleeping, and the doctor in a whisper said he was riot to be disturbed. ?Te gets but little rest,' he said, ' and evers moment of sleep may prove to be a clause in a new lease of life to him.' 'But the emotion he will feel when. he sees her.' said theduke, softly-' will he be able to biear it ?' 'It will either kill or cure,' the doctbr said, and they went out, leaving Pearl and Hugh, together. She sat down by the bedside, exercisin?g a wonderful patience during the hour he slept. Not once did she utter a sound and scarcely moved, though it seemed as if an age were crawling by. He slept calmly, only moving now and then a.little restlessly, and once he spoke uttering a single word. It was her name, breathed with a tenderness that brought the hot flush of joy to her cheek. 'How he loves me,' she thought, and with hands .clasped tightly together awaited for his awakening. At last the happy moment came. With a sigh he opened his eyes and fixed them on hers, and for a while he lay in dreamy wonderment, enjoying the sweet lassitude that oft lies upon the sick when a sense of the eternal repose seems to be given to them for awhile. '-Hugh,' she said, gently, and her hand stole towards his as she stood up and bent over him. Their fingers met and his clasped hers feebly, .hutp with all the strength that he could msister. " 'Oh, sweet vision,' he murmured, ' keep with. me until I die.' 'It is no vision, Hugh, but I-Pearl, saved from a cruel captivity and a dread ful death. ' You indeed, Pearl?' be softly said. 'I, Hugh, indeed. We are spared to each other by the mercy of God. You will live now, will you not, Hugh ?' He smiled mournfully and tried to raise his wan hand to her cheek, but the effort was too much for him, so she put her arm about his neck and it lay there while she kissed him tenderly. 'Live, you must live,' she said; ' let us pray, dear Hugh, that you may live.' ' I will hope,' was all he said; and soon the fatigue o'ermastered him again, and he slept with his head upon her shoulder. \- The doctor came in and found them thus, but Pearl affected no confusion. There was no shame in her holding her sick lover to her breast, and mock modesty was a thing which had no share in her nature. ' He has been awake ?' the doctor said. ' Yes.' 'And talked ?' 'A little,' said Pearl. 'Let him talk if he wills,' the doctor rejoined, 'but do not wake himi"-: ;I'am' going out now to call upon my ordinary patients and shall not be back for:two: or three hours; I 'think I miay safely lea;e' him with you.' .-'.Is there:anything I.ought:to"do-. ad minister medicine cr bathe his wound ?': ' Nothinig, except give him some of ih'ii cooling mixture if:he asks for.diink.- Youi friends have gone and will return in the afternoon. They went away, at- my. sug gestion,' . , . e'They coilld dd no ggood here,' said Pearl, ' but Lady-Friarly might have stayed.. We: are, however, in your hands;' For his dear sake,', laying a hand upon' Hugh's, ' we will'obey you implicitly.' '' As much silence and as'diuch' rest as possible'for the preierit,' saiid the' doctor., as lhe drew on his gloves. i " ' And he will live?' pleaded Pearl. ' I can :only ;hobe," i~ias' the' doctor's' reply. ' To-morrbow ie shall know more. Good morning' - " ' ' ' Ih he dies,' thought Pearl, wlen she was left with Hugh, ' I shall not long su'r vite him. We two must travel together here or in the Great Beynnd;' .. --- i . CHAPTER XXXI. ;, " The fate of Countycella now demands attention,' and as briefly as possible we will explain the mystery.of her disappearance from the room where Nesbitt Egerion left her. . As he went from the'house, a man in seedy black, bearing some resemblance to the class of self-sacrificing people wvo devote their' lives to distributing tracts among the poorest and' reading to .those whlo 'are sick and weary of their sinful lives, passed the door. .Nesbitt did not notice him, but he looked keenly at NesbTtt and watched him until he disap. peared. This man, we.say, bore some resem blance to a class of very good people, but it was only husk.. His clothes were black and he wore a white tie, rather dingy,.with two days' i?eair,'and on his head was .one of' those soft felt. hats much affected by gentlemen of :tlie evangelical body, He also aflected a meekness bordering on saduess' and the corners of his mouth were drawn down as if to express his grief atth.e uneniliglitesned condition of people around him. But it was all a sham clothes and air were both impostures and in his heart be was an arrant rogue. His name was John Rowden and was generally spoken of as Artful John. By choice lie was an idler of the worst des cription, living by begging letter writing, or doing any dirty work which did not bring him close to the pale of the law. It was Iis proud boashthat he was known to every detective in London as a schemer and a scoundrel and had never yet been in prison. After Nesbitt was gone he paced up and down the street for nearly an hour, keeping a close watch upon the door of the houise where Countycella resi ded. Nobody came forth, and at the expiration of the timeenamhed be went up boldly and knImockled. Tbe landlady responded and gave him a courtsey as an acknowledgement of the influence of his attiire. He smiled softly under her and in drawling tones asked ' if the lodger wan in.' '' 'fI think she is, sir,':tle lady replied, 'hut Idon't think she will see you, sir. She never sees anybody.' 'Please to take up my card'"saidiMir. Rowden. ' Dear. me I Whe~e".i' "tmy case? Never mind, my name willdo-the Reverend John Rowden, chaplain-in-ordi nary to his grace the Duke of Blackfern.! 'Walk in, sir,' said the woman, all in a flutter; 'Excuse the state of my rooms, sir, but people with lodgers seldom get an hour to theirselves, and it's a litter from morning to night iii thnir own places? Mr. Rowden graciously said. there was nothing to apologise for, and being left to himself tooksatock of the room to see if there was anything worth'carrying away. The only thing he could see was an old battered silver thiinble, the gift of the poor woman's husband many years before, and Which'she'valued "as a relic of hap. pier days. The intrinsic valuenof it might be tenpence, a poor thing to rob a fellow creature of, but Mr. Rowden was not at all compunctious. Itwas all fish that came to his net, and he cooly transferred it to his pocket. Barely bad he done' so when. County cella; with her firm, free step, entered and fixed her dark eyes upon him. 'He.had taken the precaution to stand with his back to the window, or he would probably have quailed before that glance, but with his face in the shade he bore the scrutiny unmoved. 'P You are the clhaplain to the Duke of Blackfnrn.' she said. 'I am, madame,' he replied, bowing and speaking in soft, oily tones. a 'What do you want with me?' I bring a message from your husband -Mr. Nesbitt Egerton.' ' Indeed I' she said.:- ' Is he; with:the duke ?' 'Yes, madame. He arrived at his room a little room than half an hour ago. They have discovered something of im yortance concerning Lady Pearl.' i' 'That is good news.' ' And it calls them out of town until to morrow. Your husband has also made another discovery., Your retreat is known to your brothers Lanah and'Harac.' 'I had no hope of hiding from them for ever,' she replied, calmly. ' Whether you had that hope or not it is your duty to avoid meeting with them," said Mr. Rowden, warmly, 'and by your husband's desire I am here to tike you to another place.' 'By his desire,' said Countycella, sternly. 'Yes,' replied Mr. Rowden, wish a wonderful assumption of candour, and honesty, 'and he thinks you cannot go too Soon.' ' Why did be not ,ive me an hour and take me away himself?' Thequestion was an unexpected one, but he'had an answer ready in an instant. 'He thought it best not to come himself, as he might be engaging the attention of some of the watchers. He thought you and I travelling together mighit oot:be suspected.' \- How far do we go ?' ' Only a mile, and we will go there in' a cab.' All her suspicions were allayed-he played. his part so perfectly-and she professed her readiness to accompany him. While she was going upstairs Mr. Rowden rang the bell for the landlady, and impressed upon herthe necessity for holding her peace concerning his visit. ' In cases of this sort,' he said, ' a still tongue showsm wisdom. It may save you from a world of trouble.' 'Is the lady going back to her friends?' 'asked the trembling woman 'She is,' replied the wily Rowden; 'and don't you think it.is the best thing she cando ?'>. -'<:1 'I am sure I thought tl~ey were married, sir, or I never would have had them here.' ...Eribugh, my good woman,' said Mr. Rowden, loftily. 'All you have to do is to be silent and say you know nothing about it. You will then not be liable to prosecution for having barboured a stolen waid of::Chahndery: "Now calle:acab,., ,The: woman;' whose -ignorance of the world had beei: l'piatent t: her: 'irisitor, sent out in trepidation, and having prb cdired a cab hid her'elf.'a?way in the kit chen, from' wiiere :slie' could furtiveiy watcih the departure of: Counpycella and the mock-cil?rical gentleman,." ,-He handed:her.into the cab; gave:some whispered 'directions'to:the dabmfan, anid they ?-adrove away: . : : The mile he said they had togo proved to be. a'very long one. -The cab went through istreet alter. street?; sonme bioad, some!narrow, some busy and.others quiet, and.,occasionally blocked byfite traffic, with Countyc lla an??d trer companioin sit tinig quietly d scarcely exchnging g a word, ,-:- :: i 'It is imor'e than a mile :ou are takidg tme,' she said, suddenly. . 'We. a-re, travelling. ina: rouidabo0ut way,'.he said, o'toput ani possible spy off the scent. trhe..i°'6Cnt. .....=. _,L~_ __~~ .~_ .~:~ ! . She.saidno more and the ca?b rumbled on, ;.crossing the river? twice; ai fiinally haltedi at the corine'of. a street where some old-houses had either recently been polled down or haid fallen' on their- bown accountt. :.;; w s ' Here,'- he said, I we get out.' . , What a horiible looking place I' said Countycells. ' '\Wehave to walka little way,' he' re plied. - He paid the cabman -after he had handed her' out and led her down the street. Such house sis were 'stanriding were quite deserted, :and not a' living thing, save a stray, starving cat,- wvas in sight. The other end of:the street was blocked u'p i by .a boarding, 'and beyond there was'the sotind.of the hamimer and trowel and other indications of labour. ' Where are yon taking me to ?' inquired Countycella, suddenly.?pulling uip. , I do not think tliat Nesbit would have me stiay' ftdi him here.' ' My dear madame,' said Mr.: Rowden, suavely, 'we do not halt here. I am leading you thi. w.iyto avoid the possi bibity of being traced. These houses are part of my property aiid they being puilled down to make a new railway.' 'What has that to do with me ?' ' Much I I have the key of this house, being mine, and we go in by the front door and pass out of thie back, locking the doors, and by that means throw off the scent anybody hso imay possibly be on our trail.' Again Countycella was satisfied. She had much of the gip;y cunning in her nature and thought it a good thing to possess. It pleased her to think that Nesbitt had acquired some of it, and was using it for safety. Mr. Rowden unlocked the door at the far end and they entered. ' Here for a moment as he drew the bolts, 'we are safe, and if you would like' any refreshment a I need none,' said Countycella, briefly.: 'fNot even a cup of tea, madame? There are the materials downstairs and'a flr'could.soon be made.' i ' I want nothing but to know where I am going,' said Countycella, impatiently. There was a shifty why-of speaking and a hesitation about her companion she did not quite understand. ' In that case,' hesaid, hurriedly, ' we had better go on. Not that way-this downstairs and out by the old area gate. Mind, it is very dark.' He had already glided on ahead of her and she was feeling her way down some dark cellar stairs when a rope was thrown over her head, drawn tight, and her arms were fixed. Then she was furthermore pinioned by two strong arms, and the voice of her brother hissed in her ear: Now, traitress, I have you!' She saw all then and felt that her fate wassealed, but she did not quail. She answered him as quietly as if they had been free together in the woods and talking of some ordinary event of their daily life. 'What you intend to do, Lanah,' she said, 'do quickly. 'I shall kill you my own way.' he replied. ' At least grant me one thing,' she re plied; give me five minutes with the ,fou! tiraitor who brought me here.' 'I can't do that,' said Lanah. '.No, Countiycella, it gives me pleasure to refuse you even that. If I thought you: wanited anything ever so dearly and the giving would give me the wealth of a kisng: I would refuse you now. You shall have nothing but the punishment I- hive laid out for you--a death by inches.' SLanah,' said Countycella, with a slight tremor in her voice, 'the same-mother bore us both.' 'Ay-so,' he said, as he dragged her dark. stairs,. 'and she would be with me at' this hour. You have forgotten your kindred.and must pay thepenalty;' : 'Have -. you forgotten the curse that follows the shedding of a sister's blood ?' asked Countycella. 'No,' he-answered, 'I. have forgotten nothing. I will not shed your blood-I will bury you alive. You have the true Romany horror of confinement-a room in a palace would be loathsome to you, unless you lived there for the sake of that traitor, Hugh-so I have prepared a- dun geon where there is neither light nor pure air, and there I shall leave you to starve and die.' 'Not that-anything but that,' said Countycella. ' Kill me, in mercy kill me.' ' No,' he savagely replied, ' I will not, Here is your living tomb-see how bitterly dark.it is.' She could only just see the dim outline of an. open door that led into a dark vault-adismal, dank place at any time to anj' living being,.but doubly and trebly horrible to one with Countycella's inborn love for freedom and the .pure air of Heaven. SShe had always thought she could die and be brave to the last, beit the terrible fate ahead wrung from her very heart a piteous appeal for mercy. :Lanah answered with an exultant laugh, and with a hoarse screech of triumph cast her into the gloomy vault and closed the door. CHAPTER XXXII, Lanae had prepared everything, and a stout wooden bar was first fixed across the door, then nailed into the lintels so that without much labour it could not be re moved by those outside, and made the door secure against all efforts that might be made by the wretched woman within. He hIad no compunction in carrying out his vengeance. The gipsy, when roused ,is a remorseless scoundrel, and will wade knee deep in avenging himself for real or fancied wrong. He will break all ties too, ignore friend and relative, trampling all affection underfoot at the dictation of the dark,:revengelul passion within him. SLet her diel' hbe muttered,-as he knelt down to listen. Not a sound reached his ear, and tossing away the hammer he had used for driving the nails he walked through a passage to a front cellar where there was some little light let in by a grating half closed up with rubbish. There Mr. Rowden, very white, and with a visible trembling about his lower limbs, was awaiting, Judas-like, to be paid for his work. He cowered before the fierce, disdainful look of Lanah's eyes,. * Now, dog,' said the gipsy, 'what was the price we agreed on ?' 'None was agreed upon. I left it to your generosity,' replied the traitor. * .'You left it to my generosity,' said Lanah, 'because you thought that you would have a hold on me. Now what is your price ?' :.'It's bees an ugly job,' muttered Rowvden, 'and I wish I had never taken it up. It required a deal of forethought, ind it isn't pleasant to think that I shall be haunted afterwards with the memory of a woman buried alive.' 'Your price,, you dog--your price ?l said Lriah, impatiently. \- Well, what do .you say to twenty pounds?' . . •The gipsy laughed, and with a quick significant actlion turned out one of his pockets, It was empty. . :' lherever did you find any of tlhe Romany people with twenty pounds ?' he asked. "'I don't know a much about the Romany people,' was the answer. ' All! I want is twenty pounds.' - ' I have only. two in the world,' . said' Lanab, coolly, :. 'Two I That's ridiculous, : I could have made ten times the .idneoiy iri the time I've spent watching about.that house.' 'Will you take it?' cried La.nah, with a motion as if he were about to restdre the coins to his pocket. . . ' If you. haven't, any more,' said Mr. Rowdet, 'I suppose I must take it' Lanah paid him the money, looking steadily into his face, but he kept hIis eyes cast dowri and only'showed his feelings by a jerky motion of his under lip. The brow of the gipsy grew dark. 'You are paid,' he said, 'Now go your way.' The traitor hurried towards the door, but ere he reached it Lanah was close behind him, a knife faintly flashed in the dim light, and he fell forward upon his face. Lanah turned him over and saw the look of death in his eyes. 'I did not intend to do this,' he said, abut it wavs purpose to betray me. Dead mten tell no tales.' The wretched man uttered one deep groan and opened his lips as if he would have spoken, but a rattle in his throat told of the approach of his last moments, a glaze passed over his eyes, and remain ing there attested that he was dead. And this was the end of one who had been reared in luxury and nurtured among high-bred men and women. He .?id been a boy of mark at Eton, a man of promise at the University, but he had allowed his vices to lead him away. Detected at cheating with the cards he lost his social position, and so came down with.a run to want, and foul associates did the rest for him. I-Iappily, one tling yet remained to him, a sense of shame, and he had played his impostor tricks under an assumed iame. Not alone is he in his fall and horrible fate, for hundreds as good as he was once are hurrying downward, and many can see the end. The main arteries of Lon don are never quite free from such day or night. Lanah, having added this deed to his long list of crimes, lost no time in leaving the hIouse, and having locked the door. he tossed the key among some loose rub bish and left the place with its one living and one dead. With all speed he hastened to a main thoroughfare and mingled with the double tide of busy people hurrying to and fro. He seemed to have no particular desti nation at present, and wandered up and down for awhile, then struck into some quiet street and worked his way to another great artery, and then again he wandered up and down-up and down. SNight came at last and he found him self standing upon Westminster Bridge, gazing over the parapet at the darkness beneath. He was not contemplating any irash act--men of his stamp are not troubledwith regrets until trouble or suf fering overtakes them. They can be in different when others only suffer, but when their turn comes they are the veriest curs., He was only looking down and listen ing to the rushing water while he laid out his plans for the future. He and Harac had arranged to be apart for a time. Their work done they thought it better to go east and west for awhile and not meet for a yearor so; and Lanah was mapping out the track he would take. 'I am tired of these close streets,' he muttered, 'I never liked them so little as now. I must get away to the woods and fields. There only can I breathe freely.' The woods and fields had ever been pleasant to him, but never so dear as they were at that moment. A sudden longing of irresistible power laid hold of him, and had he been blessed with wings he would there and then have spread them and soared away in the darkness far away from the great city and its surroundings. 'But if I walk quickly,' he muttered, 'I shall be far away from it all when the sun rises.' He bitterly reproached himself for having wasted several precious hours in the streets, and was moving away when he felt his hands suddenly grasped, forced together, and cold iron put upon his wristts. The click of the handcuffs he knew in an instant, and the bearing of the two men who had seized him was unmistake able. Resistance he knew to be in vain, and he yielded himself a prisoner.:" ' Not badly done, eh ?' 'Neat as neat can be,' replied the other. 'Who are you?' demanded Lanah, scowling at them in turn. ' And what's the charge against me ?' 1'You'll hear that when you get to the station,' said one of the men. ' Now step out, as we have a lot of work on hand.' 'Can't you tell me what's the charge ?' said Lanah. 'No. 'You'll hear it directly.' 'If it is about Lady Pearl--' Now be careful,' said the officer, 'we may give all you say in evidence against you.' 'If it is that,' said Lanah, doggedly, 'I don't want to: suffer alone. Let the big swell whotempted us stand, in the same dock.' 'All in gobd time,' said the officer, coolly; ' I've no doubt we shall get you all together A little, quicker.' They. huirried him, away to the police station, where they were received by an affable, inspectdr, who regarded Lanah with an approving eye and appeared to be very pleased to see him. 'One charge against you,' he said, 'is conspiring against the peace and abduct ing a lady Have you anything to'say to it? ' No,' replied Lanah, curtly; ' otnly let the swell suffer too.' ' There is also a chairge.of conspiring tomurder.Mr. Hiugh Egerton, and of be ing an aider and an abetter in the at tempt. Have you anything to say to that?'.. " " ' No,' said Lanabh. 'i Take hiinm down,' said the inspector, 'and put himn with the other.' ' Whbo's:the other ?' Lanah demanded. 'Take him away,'. the inspector said; 'and you need not keep, the cuffs on now., ,They took the shackies from his wrists and led him down to the cells, which without, the gaslight would have been almost. is dank and dismal as the place where lie had left his sister to die. Open ing the door of the centre cell they thrust him in., His first thought was to look for the other one, and when hiis eyes got used to the-dim light hie sawv him' lying on the grounid with his face hidden on his arm like one carried away by some great grief and despair. The turmn \vas too familiar to be mistaken. - '.. ; . H arac l' lie cried : . The other lifted his face up and stared: at him tlirough ?iis 'dark,' matted hair;: which had falles over his eyes. SWho's that? .It's Lanah's voice but not Lanah.' ' Yes;.it is,' said Lanab I 'they have bagged' us both, and heie we are. 'It's awful to, think of. Farewell to the sun shine.'::- ' . ... Harac despairingly tore at hIis hair, and Lanah sat down upon the shelf-like seat by the side of the cell, rockilig to and fro in his misery. ' We've had our last run in the woods,' he moaned, ' But how shall' we live here ?' groaned Harac. '\Vhat's the' tirie-do you know ?' 'Aboutmidnight, I think.' 'And: they.caught me at nine. I've been here only three hours, and it seems dayr.: How shall wse bear the years?' 'I don't know,' groaned Lanah, and his coward heart giving way he cried like a-child. CIIAPTER XXXIII, The rooms Lord Ardinlaun had tatken in town were not adapted to receive much company. As it was not the season he did not expect any, and as a unater of tact he was not troubled with ordinary callers. But suddenly there was a rush upon him. The first to come was Tommy Dray, who brought theDumbedikes, reports which a few hoiurs later were refuted by the Duke of Blacklfern, who came with the joyous news of Lady Pearl's escape in company with Lady Friarly. The Scotch peer and his wife hIad strict notions, and Pearl's tree intercourse with her lover was a thing they would scarce have forgiven under ordinary cir cumstances, but this was no time to cavil, and they said they would receive her gladly it she would come. 'She will not leave Egerton's side,' the duke said, 'until he is out of danger or has given up his life. 'This is a strange story,' said Lady Ardiolaun. I cannot quite understand a woman like Pearl loving a man who makes companions of vagabonds.' 'Perhaps I had better tell you his true story,' the duke suggested. 'Can you give me a quarter of an hour ?' 'You know it is true ?' 'Yes.' ' Then I will. I will listen to it-for if there is a touch of romance in a true story I can take pleasure in it. We Scotch are very matter-of-fact people--' 'You pretend to be,' said the duke, smiling, ' but the dear old country is rife with legendary lore and there's ne'er a family of mark without its honest ghost. The shell is hard I grant, but the kernel is good.' Lady Ardinlaun found the story inter. esting, and hard as she professed to be her honest heart warmed towards Hugh and she astonished her husband by telling him that she was half in love with him herself. 'Few men have such a noble spirit,' she said. ' Few have the opportunity of exercising it you mean.' his lordship said. 'It may be so,' she answered. 'I never thought of that. Well. if he recover they will marry I suppose-and you will give your sanction ?' ' Unless you wish me to:withhold it.' Lady Ardinlaun laughed and turned away. For once in her life she had the spirit of the matchmaker within her, and if Hugh lived she determined he was to be the husband of Pearl. She ordered her carriage and drove over to the house where Hugh was lying and sent in her name to Pearl. The two women had a few moments together and the elder cried over the younger, who had passed through perils of no common order. *' We were very angry with you, Pearl,' she said, ' and spoke some [hard things, but you will forgive us.' ' With all my heart, if I have anything to forgive,' Pearl replied. 'And how is he?' asked Lady Aidin laun, with a motion of her hand towards the room where Hugh was lying. 'I have hope,' replied Pearl, 'but he stands on the border land between this world and the next.' 'Hope on, and trust in God,' said Lady Ardinlaun, and having a warm em brace they parted. In the evening there came a report that Hugh had shown some slight improve ment, and hopes grew stronger. Mean while Lady Friarly had been induced to take up her abode with the Ardinlauns, pending the outcome of her restoration to the world. That sorrow was to be her companion during the sojourn in the world was plain. Carking care and lost hope had both set their seal upon her, but since she left Gaunt House she had become a softened woman. Her desire for revenge was gone, but she had no wish to see again the man who had so bitterly wronged her. 'If it can be done,' she said to the duke, ' let him go free. Leave him to his conscience.' ' It is too late, I fear,' the duke replied. 'Sabotson has confessed too much.' And so it was. Sir Charles was in the hands of the police awaiting an exami nation before the magistrates on a charge of conspiracy, and Sabotson, who had hoped for a permission to give evidence, was to be charged with him. Skillul detectives had been gatherin. the threads together, and there was a casn which had practically no defence against them., Two days passed and Hugh Egerton did not die, but his life still hung in the balance. Pearl seldom left his side, and only took snatches of.sleep, despite the remonstrances of her friends. ' If I am not strong enough for this,' she said, ' I had better die.' So she watched by his side, and the two often exchanged the sweet soft utterances of love. Doubly and treblyso were they to each other. 'It was on the third morn that the change came. The doctor said it must come soon or not at all. Hugh had slept long and soundly. and awoke with a colour in his eyes which Pearl had not seen there before. 'Hugh, darling,' sh'e said, 'you are spared to me. ,I feel,' he replied 'as if God had suddenly restored my strength.' Then Pearl for the first time gave way and a flood of tears that could not be restrained fell from her eyes. In silence they remained in close embrace, their hearts pouring out their thankfulness to the Giver df allgood things. Then the doctor came in and confirmed their lihope. Hugh, with moderate patience and kindly care, would soon be out of danger. Messages were sent to the duke and Lord Ardinlaun, and in an hour both were by his side offering their con. gratulations. ' But where is my brother Nesbitt ?' he said. ' Ie swas with me a few days ago,' replied the duke, evasively. ' Bfut'now-where is he ?' asked Hugh. .! Has any ill befallen him ?' ' He is safe, I believe,' the duke replied ' but his gipsy wife is mnissing and her two brothers are in custody. Every means isbeing strained to find Mrs. Egerton. Nesbitt trusts to himself and to the police. I do not expect impossibilities from them and if they fail shall not make one to cry out against them.' SOn his return to his rooms in Picca. dilly, after succeeding in assuring Hughl that Nesbitt at least was alive, he found a message from Scotland Yard awaiting him. It was to the effect that Lanah the gipsy desired to see him at the House of Detention, whither, alter a cursory exami. nation before the magistrate, he had been remanded. The duke accordingly jumped in a cab and armed with the letter went off to the prison house in Clerkenwell. There he found Lanah, abject and broken as a beaten cur. 'You sent for me,' said the duke. 'Yes,' replied Lanahl, 'but I must be quite alone with you.' lie glanced at the official in attendance, and in obedience to a sign from the duke the man withdrew to the far end of the reot0t, 'Now, what is it you have to tell me?' said the duke. 'I must have a promise first,' said Lanah-' a promise that I shall be set free.' 'I cannot give it to you,' the duke replied, 'for I have not the power toase it kept. You can make your confession, and if it is worth anything it will be coo. sidered in mitigation of your punish. ment.' ' It is about my sister I would speak, said Lanah, biting his nails feverishly. N 'She's misising, you know.' 'Who told you so?' said the duke, quickly. 'No one.' * Then how do you know it ?' 'I--I saw her after she left the houst only for a minute though, and I think I know where she is.' 'Alive or dead?' said the duke. 'I can't say,' groaned Lanah. 'Oh! promise me that I shall not be kept here all my life and I will tell you all. You can't think what I suffer. Only when I sleep do I go back to the woods and green lanes, and that osily. makes the waking more terrible When I open my eyes and see the coffin in which I am closed I feel like one lying in a living grave.' The two last words recalled County. cella to his mind, and repentant though he was he yet strove to make a bargain before he laid his secret bare. 'I will do what I can for you,' the duke said, 'I cannot promise more.' He could not but feel contempt for the Romany rascal, so ready to inflict pain upon others and bearing it himself so badly, and the feeling changed to one of horror and indignation when he heard of Countycella's fate. As soon as he had heard all and got a description of the place waere she had been left he moved towards the door. Lanah knelt, and seizing the skirt of his coat put it to his lips. ' You will not forget me ?' he said, in. ploringly; ' I will keep my word,' the duke said, *although in my heart I think hanging is too good for you.' He shook'him off, and hurrying from the room asked to see the governor of the jail. His name was a password to the sanctum of that functionary, and the warder ushered him in. The Governor listened to what he had to say and gave prompt and help. ' Lose no time,' he said. 'Two of my men shall go with you. * On your way gather what policemen you can and a doctor also. Take restoratives and have a cab handy. I would come myself, but I have the cells to visit, and that duty I cannot depute to another to-day.' The two men were summoned-young, active fellows-who obtained axes, a rope or two, and a canvas stretcher that folded into a small compass, and set forth rith the duke. On their way to the ruined houses they pressed a policeman and a doctor into their service. They had not very far to go, for the spot they sought was close to Farringdon Street. No clearer description can be given of it now, for it is swept away, and the Metropolitan Railway now runs over the site where the house stood and the face of the whole district is changed. On arriving at the door, followed by a few stragglers, whose keen instincts led themn to see there was something unusual in the appearance of the party, the door was broken in without the least ceremony. The policeman was left on guard and the others hastened below. They had brought no lantern with them but one of the men had a box of matches, and he lighted them one by one while hit comrade plied the axe to break down the wooden bar. It was nailed securely, but he broke it down, and then they opened the door and the duke without hesitation plunged in. Just in time, for Countycella, after three days of unutterable misery, had sute cumbed to a weariness that was the high road to death, and lay stretched out on the floor. She could not speak, but as they brought her out and pressed some wine between her lips she thanked them with her eyes and sank into oblivion. ' Don't fear,' said the doctor, feeling her pulse, 'she has had no food or drink for three days and is exhausted. A warm bath and a little proper care will soon restore it.' 'Her arm is bleeding,' said the duke. ' So it is,' said the doctor, bending over her. 'It looks like a puncture. We have injured her.' 'No your grace; this is a rat bite-the first she has received. In half an hour we should have been too late.' The duke shuddered and took a little wine himself, but the others were too familiar with the darker side of life to be much affected, and a cab being ready Countycella was put into it, and driven to a house the doctor named, where a charitable sisterhood nursed thesick. 'It is nearest and best,' he said, 'and they will do their work withl out delay. After it is done a donation would' be welcome, Not that they would ask for it or seek it on their own acconnt. It will all be spent o0 others.' ' They shall have a handsome one,' the duke said. And later he set in operation the detective department to find Nesbitt, aii ere the night had come he had ibet found and brought to Countycella's sir. She had suffered: much and must ret main in the house of the sisterhood for a few days, but was not in danger. OeOr the meeting between the husband and wife we must draw a vail. A month later Lord and Lady Ardia laun were settling the preliminaries of a dinner party and discussing with the land lord of the house the capabilities ol the small dining-room. They expected some guests-the three Dashwoods, Tomml Dray, Barnet Claverly, Lady Pearl, Hugh, Nesbitt, Countycella, and the duke. Lady Friarly was still staying with thellm in the house, but she would not be there. ' In nothing approaching festivity,' she said, 'can I ever partake of in this w?ork again, but my heart will be with you. It was to be a great occasion, a sreu-.'." and in a way a making up. BaDnet Claverly and Meg were to be married two days later and sail immediately for India, and Nesbitt and Countycella were bound across the sea for the land of the West. It was their own choice, and when their arguments in favour of it had been heard the listeners could do nothing but anp prove. 'The life will suit Counlycella,' ?a Nesbitt, ' and for myself it is time that I laboured as became a man. TO IBE CONTINUED, Printed nd publlshod by Thomna Dniesl, r' proprlntor, at tho b nlaslog e Pas . l'riatlnc Oeo, Aolxb-mrntt G<" 