TO TIE EDITOR OF'I'TII KtA~. INYDEPENDEN' SmII,--It is amusing to see how the muti lated hcodnil of .this municipality continues to meet week after week, without a word or a:thaoght, a?piroetly, as to the iode in which its legitimato number of members is to be made up, It is a matter of indif ferehiso,''I suppose; and the Irrildd of the aldermen' are naturally taken'up wlithb-thoe moreointeresting matters involved in the sliaiv2mania, : In speaking of what is done or left undone I merely depend on the published reports, I live close by the council's place of moeting I but I am afraid to look in, because some df the members are members likewise of that formidable 'body, thd 'Ambero' Reosorvo Rftle Corps, who, by the way, have for some reason or other abandoned the' 61d range intho flat beside that ancient river, the river Minua miu'rrai which had servdd' these purposes over since the time of the old volunteers, and to my annoyance have set up their targets on neighbour MO'Carthy's ground, eust nlongsidb my crib. (I wonder they don't shoot some of neighbour M'Carthy's cattle.,) 'I say I am afraid of what might happen if Messri, Noble and Craig hap pened to have their riflos with them at asome meeting of the shire council, if I went thore; though on the other hand I always keep a ei sh aoter ready for use myself. As for the number of aldermen, I have 'tlwys thought that if their functions oiuld for practicaf purposos lioe delegated to ? single competent, person, it might be an iimpraom'ent,. A joker in this villago tolls me that it is the intention of an alderman to move at the next meeting--lst, "That in the opinion of this Council it is not of.the least importance whether its number of members is; ever oompleted, or not, :!dnd, That a thiua'nd coples of this resolution be printed and oiroulated amone the ratepayers." My fro.d aforesaid thinks Ithoe ratopayers will be almost unanimously of the same opinionl; and .that theywillh not oven care to till up the. plaeos.of those' who are to,.retire next month, The same pleasant fellow says he has.a notion of getting up a petition to hive the Couunoil aboliahed. 1I represent to him that the thing canlnot be done; and thb~if it'woeo:dono, we ighoitiiot bo'muoh better off, Howover, he says Ite has time to spare just now; and thinks he may get a good mIany signatures at the impending "show," Vo shall see, (whether .ye wilc 'dri 'bot,)"wvhat happne, lit he carribes out his Intention, ,History,(ord my. own reool lectioiir)rb'isiuds moe thiat ons upon' alinde \--to wit, when the project for inoorporatin Kidma ewas tirot ini agitatiorinthe 'patriarc Lot, the dwellor.on the mountain, pro. phosiod that it over, it mtidibipality were established, the people wouldlfind reason to cuiraotheo day when theioy idoedior.it; ,H'i, as a native of the " Isle of Saints,9 had an ihetinotie app roiati? iof the oharactoer of his countrymon I 'and this'distrlof ieslittlo 'Iroland, ass wid!allriknow, :Thi V'onorablo prophet ar!d patriarch died, it seems, in his :belief' or inbollel;f and ,I undersetanid that not long sinoo his ghost, like that of Toriy O'Rann iti the anotent'poonfi') ' , "taod, at the badpost.. >,J " Of tliitimnn bf i'iiowin,t, #it. Tho Mayor of the town, Aind withl" oharaatoristio anolrgy pointed to the oexisting state of things municipal, as an unqiu'e'stlbnabl 'iroof of thie genuineness of lihe prbphotio'dharactor. I don't know for aertain whoether this tale is true ; and I for. got t'o dquire whsi prodilsly was meant by the'" mityor of the iotwn. Anyhow, " is:'a bad'world,in'y niastors;" but, while we live in' it wemi??at iittrbst ourselves about seoiething;' 'adid if ' :municipal ounoll serves no other good purpose, it may serve, liku. the targets abovementioned, as a butt to oraok leaden jokes upon, As a matter of fact, sttpposoe the filling up of, thojaloaunil,if it tttltes pado at all, will happen in this wiod, Thie tio alder. men who haveoto retiroenext month, will be r-eoloedted o'rii6or'seded by thd drdiniary pro ces; and the Counoil will put up with the k'ionbo'of the othbi tliree, till "cexodutivo' notion," haply, or some other accident rei?h-: dors.it necessary to do somothing in the matter, ly the way, if any business is to be done, it won't boe muoh too soon to think of complming with herrcquioeinohls of the Slllt 80toiin 'of thi Aof' ' ' 