SUPERNATURALIA; OB Ghostly Apparitions. The appearance only to persons who are peculiarly fitted for ghotstccing is one of the prenlarities of all ghost legends. It is not everyone that can see the inhabitants of the invisible world buit those whose eyes ere opened, or for those whom the ghost has a feeling that makes a bond of sympathy, or those who by some peculiarity tl birth are boletter quaolified than othezs for such myetio eight. For instance, a chill born on Suonay in Scotland is believecd to have this power above all others. The "Whie Lady" appears on such occa sions in such manner as hoe ohocec, but is also crpab:o of being eumnmoned by any of her family according to a prercribed loro 'ta end by the performanee of cerein rites. The ' White Lady of Avenel" is r.;y the applicatiou to a particular family r2 a beliel common in Scotland where ath parition known i Izelhand as the banh;eb is known by the same nome, but quite ep sten the "white lady." In feet, meet of fte great families in the IHighlands were aepposed to hava a do metio spirit wbh ;ook an interest in their prosperity, aint suenally intimated an ap proaching dissoter by wailinge and uneartly sounds of grief. But there was a difference in the apparition varying with the character which each is supposed to have held while upon the earth in mortal flesh, but in gereral it appeared as an old woman in a mantle with streaming hair. A superatition of the same kind is so gone rally received in the Green Isle that the banshee is eounted in popular belief to be a peculiarly Irish credulity. In Ireland there have been various eE planatione of the word banshee, most of them explasiing it as the "head of the fairies," or "white fairy ;" but Dr. O'Brienin his Irish dictionary writes," beauaighe plural man eighe," the fairies, or women fairies crednlously eopposed by the common people to be o affected to certain families that they are heard to sing mournful lamentations around houses at night whenever any mom bar of the family labore under a eaknese which is to end in death. Some of the cases in which the banshee has appeared are told with an abundance oi detail and confirmed by so many witnesses that, although unwi.iiog to believe the tale. it becomes a difliault one to answer orexplain away. The banahoo of the Bunworth family as related to have appeared on the occasion of the death of Rts. Charles Bonworth, rector of Buttevant, in the county Cork, about the middle of the last century is such a case. its first appearance was to one of the servantE named Kavanagh, who came to the house apparently in great grief and wringing his hands. " What is it you mean, Kevanagh f" in quired lMies Bunworth. " Is it mean f" seid Kavanuh ; "the ban. eheo has come from him, Mics; and 'tia not I alone who have heard her." "'Tis an idle superetition," said Misse Bunworth. "Maybe eo," replied Kavanagh "bat as 1 eame through the glen of Ballybeg she was along with me, keening and screeching and clapping her hands by my aide every step of the way, with her long white hair falling upon her ehoulders, and I could hear her re peating the master's name every now and then, as plain as I ever heard it. When I came to the old abbey she parted from me there, and turned into the pigeon field nezt the burying ground, and folding her cloak about her, down she sat under the tree that was struck by lightning and beganto cry eo bitterly than it went through one's heart to hear it." Miss Bunworth told Kavanagh that her father was sleeping quietly, end that they thought he was doing well, but warned him not to°tell the story to anyone. Mr. Bunworth, howev.r, did not progress toward recovery, but declined gradually, though nothing more happened until the night cf his death. Then there wasa eudden sound outside the window near the bed. A rose tree was forced aside with some noise, and a low moaning was heard, accompanied by clapping of hands, as if of a female in deep afitioeen. It ceemed as if the sound pro. seeded from a person holding her mouth close to the window. The lady who oat by the bedside went into an adjoining room and asked the gentlemen there if they had heard the banshee. Nlone of them tclieved in her ladyship, and they at ones instituted a ahorough investigation. They walked all around the house, examining every spot of ground, but there was not a sign, not even a footstep upon the fresh earth of the garden. Upon their return they were astonished to hear that the manifestations-had been re peated, and that they had been more marked, and the clapping of hands louder than be fore. Dnring the night the sick man grew rapidly worse and expired with the first glimpse of morning. The legend of "The McCarthy," is the most peculiar among all the banshees. The young man died and was laid out for seviral bours when he camoback to life and insisted that he had been before the judgment seat, but had been permitted to come back withthe understanding that three years more of life were granted him in which he might become a better man. He had been very wild and dissipated, but reformed at once and lived as aman naturally would who knew that the day of his deatn was fined. As the time drew rnar McCarthy'e mother sent for her sister to be with them at the-eventlfl time. On theway the banshee appeared, giving a enncession of soreams and making a loud clapping of the hands. Then they saw the figaro of a tall thin woman, with uncovered head, and hair that floated around her ehoulders, attired in something which might be a loose white cloak or a sheet. She stood in the way ae if to stop them, and motioned to go another way, which they finally went. When they got there they found that McCarthy had been slightly wounded by a pistol shot, a wound that war thought of no importance, but from which he died the very day that the three years was T he origin of all the-e appearances and many like them is easy to trace. They go back, not to classio, but to the old Norse days when Woden, whom we call Odes, was given a place among the gods, and Frigga was made his consort. Olin became the earliest form of the hunter, who, with his mystic attendants with horn and hounds,was reported to pursue the chaose all over northern Europe. .is consort in likeo mannerbecame the white lady who became transformed into a hundred different legends in which the motherly, protecting influoene of the divine Frigga is not entirely lest. There are a number of white ladies con nected with various noble families in Ger many, but probably the one that is most re. markable and seems to be the most eubsten tiated is connected with the royalhouse of OGrmany, and is known as the" White lady of the HILhenzollerrs." The lady in question is said by all to ;be one of the anceatressese of the family, but which one is not agreed. SThere is an abundance of evidence as to her repeated appearances, and no merely ghost .tlry is so well authentiouted. She is recorded to have made her first ap. pearancein 1598, just before the death of the elector, John Gearge. Twenty years later she prognosticated the death of John Sigis mond. In 1829 she again appeared, and for the first time spoke, uttering these words : "Veni, judica vivos et moretuoe." A paper of that early day records the appearance with this statement: "It is also undeniable that in our times, only a few years ago, in a certain princely hose allied to that of Bradenburg, a young prince met with a fatal accident, and that a ew days belfore his death the whit, lady wea . C3" ' . ; In 1659 the white lady was met in the gallery of Berlin, before the death of Anna Sophia, dochoss or Brunswick, and again in 1667, when she foretold the death of Lousis Henriette, wife of the eleator, Frederick William. The subsequent appearance, generally beo lieved in by the Germans who believe in ghosts at all, was to Frederick I. of Prussia, the son of the elector. He was laying en his bed in a weak, exhaooted condition, with a valet asleep on a mattress near by. Suddenly he heard the hanginpe divide and eaw a tall white lady with outstrethebd arms and flow. ing hair, incliniig her head toward the bed, and turning from right to loeft as though she sought something under the hangings. At last she discovered the king, ned her lteady eyes looked at him long in silence. William raised himself and made a movement ; her eyes followed him; she was unmoved. At that moment the cl0sk on a pier thile near the bed rang the hour and etopped. The lcdv disappeared. At the senme moment a viollut noise was heard in the room adjoining, where were, and now are,plsaed on eidbcerd, th??e plates and dishes used in the fetes of the PracEian kieg. They all fell with a crash to the loor. The valet awoke . the king cried in accents of terror : "There, there I She went out there I'' And with bewildered look, his hand cxtended, he pointed to the door of the private room. " Who ?" asked thevalet, halt asleep. "The white lady, I tell you I Go and see which way she went." The valet searched all over the palace, and found no spectre. " Isaw the white lady," said the king, as though speaking to himself, and covered his face with the bed coverings, Next day be orde:ed his coffllin and male the Queen, hit wile, to lie in it, in order to sea if the size was right. It was his last act of cruelty, for he died that night. Forty years after, his son, Frederick the Great, died at Sans Soucl, and he, too, saw the white lady. The circumstances again were remarkable. A picture of the white lady had been painted (it ois aid by his own hand), which is still in existance, and show; the ecneralition which was evidently in hit mind. Whether he expected to see her o0 not, she came. One evening just at nightfall Frederioh was alone in the library standing beflore a musin stand which he used when playing the flute. The door opened and the white lady traversad the room without looking at him, For a moment he did not know what to do, Then he followed her; he opened ther'oor and followed her from room to room without reaching her and finally stopped at the vesti bule. The apparition seemed to run over the sand in the circular court, seemed to hesitate a moment then vaguely beckoned him to come, and disappeared. He died a few days afterward. The White Lady of Hohenzollern is also said to have appeared in 1810 before the death of Frederick William III ; in 186, previous to the death of Frederick William IV., and in the pre. sent year previous to the death of the late em Teho cnnlusion of the matter is that thle snper. stition, born far back in the days of pagasnisim, has poemeated Euroo and still has some power, but as rnemarked an Irish story- teller : "1 don'er hear that the banshees go on eomuCh new as they did formealy." Such beliefs must fade out before the march of intelligence and knowledge, and yet they are so full of a peculiar interest that many will regret their loss even in the day when tno one will crelitor accept themupon any autherity what' ever. . Tineo aea many worse things than single blessedness, and the condition of the old maid is no less honoaable to ier than is that of matr mony to herpedded sister. The old maid may. "if she will, and she generally does, beara' noble part in the good work of making the world a hatter and happier place. There are pmrbably few aho do not carry nuth them through lile the tender memory or some old maid whose love and goodness cheered and blessed their early years. lio often is she ministeriig angel whose life is spent in acts of unselfish devoti'n to those around her? We cannot spare the old maid. She has an important role to play in the ioman comedy, and the thing for her to ds isto study it and pl ty it well. The womsan who worries Ie causm se al sees old maidenhood beforehber is with oat good saense. Lt her he sure that there are thoasands of wives shol only wish that they had led single lives, and then she may find it easier to learn of the apostle in whatsoever state she is therowith to be content. 