QUARANTINE ISLAND. M WAI.TEB BESANT. ? CHAPTER I* ' No,' he oriecl, passionately. 'Ton drew me on : yon led me to believe . that you oared for me : yon encour aged me. What? Oan a girl go Pn; ?as you hate done without, meaning! -anything ? Does a girl allow a man] to- press her hand— to keep herhand — without meaning anything,? Un less these .things mean nothing, -yon 'are^ the most heartless girl xptbe whole world ; yes— I: say .. the coldest, the most treaoherous, the most heart less !'It was evening, and .moon light,^ ' soft and delicious night in j September. . .The waves lapped .gently J at their feet, the warm breeze played \- upon their faoes, themoon shone upon \- them— an i evening .wholly, unfit for -iuoh a reyal rage, as this yonng gen \- ileman— twe-and-twenty is still yonng —exhibited. He walked about on the .farads,-whioh -was. deserted,- except (for this .solitary pair, ? gesticulating, ? waving his arms, mad with the mad ness of w«nnded love. w , 8h« saton* oneof ihe seaside -benches,' her bauds olaaped, her head .bent.i: He v.'went .oh— -he recalled the ; ,day when . first they, met, he reminded' :her of the many, many ways in which , the/had led him on to , believe that sheoaredforhim, he aoonsed her of Quaking him . love her in order to laugh .at. him. . .When he could find nothing ?more to say he flung himself upon the benoh, bat on the other end of it, and crossed . his arms,, And drooped his head UDon them. So that there were twoonthe benoh: one at either end, andioth with their heads drooped — a pretty picture, in the ^moonlight, of a lovers' quarrel. Bat this was worse than. a. lovers' quarrel. . It was the u*nd . of everything, for the girl was engaged to another man. . -.Shexose.Ifhehadbeen looking -ap .he wonld have seen that there .were, tears -in her eyes, andon her; cheek. ? ? Mr. Fsrnie,' . she stammered timidly, 'I suppose there is nothing more :to iay. lam, no doubt, -all. that you have oalled me. v I am heartless. - . I have . led you on. Well — bnt I did not know — how oonld I -tell that .you were takiug .things so seriously 1 How can . yon be so angry just beoause I can't marry Lyon ? . , One .girl is ho better than another. There .are plenty of girls in the world. I thought yon liked me, and, I — but .what is the use of talking ? I am heartless and cold. I am treacherous, and vain, and cruel, and — and— won't you shake hands with me once more, Claude, before we part ? ' 'No, I will never, shake hands with you again ; never — never. By Heavens 1 nothing that oonld happen now would ever make me shake hands with you again. I hate you, I loathe you, I shudder at the sight of you, I oonld not forgive you — never. Ton have rained my life. Shake -hands with you ! Who but a heart less and worthless woman, could pro pose suoh a .thing 1 ' She shivered and shook at his wild words. She oonld not, as she said, understand the vehemenoe of the passion that held tbe man. He was. more than half mad, and she was only half sorry. Forgive the girl. She was only seventeen, just fresh from her governess. She was quite innocent and ignorant. She knew ?nothing about the reality and the vehemenoe of passion she thought that they had been very happy together. ' Claude, to be enre, was ridiouloualy fond of taking, her hand j onoe-he kissed her head to show the depth of his friendship ; he was suoh a good companion ; they , had had snoh a pleasant time ; it was j a dreadful pity that he should be bo j angry. Besides, it was not as if she i liked the '.other man, who was old 'and ' torrid. 'Good-bye, then, Claude,' she 'said; ' Perhaps, when we meet again, you will' be more ready to ifbrgive me. Oh !' She laughed, 'it ji so -silly that a man like you, a great, j Strong, clever, handsome mail, Bhould be so foolish over a girl. Besides, you onght to know that a girl oan't have 'things her own way always. Good-bye, Qlaude, won't ' you shake hands?' She laid her hand upon his shoulder; jnst touched it; turned — and fled. CHAPTERS* She had not far to go. The villa where - she lived was within five miniitep' walk. . She rah in and 'found , her - mother alone in the drawing room. ? 'My dear,' the mother said irri tably, 'I wish to goodness you j wouldn't run out after dinner. Where J hive lyau been?'; ' Only into the garden, 'and to look j ?. atihe eea.' !- ' ?' There's SirWilliamin the dining room Still.' .;' ? i ?«? 'Let inmstaytbere, mother dear, j S^Uj|^fa1c;np^U^he;^^e!4nd^'%.| sleep, ^perhapBi iind'then 'we shall he \- ' Go in, Florence, and bring him , out. It iBn't good for him, at his age, j . to drink so much.' ' j ' ' Latthe Eervantago,' the -girl 're- I plied, rebellious. . ??' ?' My ' dear— your own . acoepted -, lover. Have yon' no right feeUng ? Oh I? 'Florence, and when lam soill, and you know— X told yon — -j: woman should ? not marry her 1 jgrandfatlier. . I've - had ' more than enough of him to'-iny already. Yon ' . -made - me promise to ' many him. . Until I do marry him bemayamnae ?himself. As soon as we are married, ? I 'shall fill up all - the deoanters, and ieep them full, and enoourage him to drink as much as ever he possibly Can.' ? \ - . ? ? - ' My dear, are you mad ?' ; 'Oh! no; I believe I have only just come to my senses. Mad? No.. ® have been ma-l-* Now, when_ it is 'too late, I am *ane. When it is too j late— when I have just understood 1 what I have done.' . '??? ; '?? ' Nonsense, child 1 What do yon mean ' by being too late ? Besides, you are doing what every girl does. Ton have accepted the hand of an _old man who oan give you a fino position, and a 'great income, and every kind of tuitity. Whnt more «»n the girlie. sire ? When I die— you know already — there ' will be nothing — nothing at all for you: Marriage is your only ohance.' At this moment ,the dooropened, and Bit William himself appeared. He was not, although, a man so rich' and therefore so desirable, quite a nice old man to look.at ;.not quite suoh an old.manas .a girl would .fall in love; with at . first . sight ; but, perhaps, under the .surface there lay uneus peoted virtues by the dozen. He was short and fat ; his hair was white ; bis face was red ; he had great white eye-: brows ; he had tliiok lips;, his eyes: rolled unsteadily, ;and his slioolders lurched; he had taken more wine than is good for a man of seventy. He held out both bandB and lurched forwards; ' Florenshe,' he . said, thiokly, ' let's sit down together some wbere^ Letsh talk, my dear.' Tbe girl slipped from tbe proffered hands and fled from the room. . . 'WhatBh matter with the girl?' said Sir William. . ~ OHAPTKB m. . Out at sea— all by herself — some- where about thirty miles from a certain good-sized .island in a certain ooeau, there^ lies another little island — an eyot — a mile long and. half-a-mile broad. It is a coral islet. The ooral reef stretches out all round it, exoept in one or two places where the rook shelves suddenly, making it possible for a ship to anobor there. The islet is flat, but all round it runs a kind of natural sea wall, about ten feet high and as many broad.; behind it, on tho side whioh. the wall protects from the wind, is a little grove of low, stunted trees, the name of whioh the succes sive tenants of the island, have never been curious to asoertain. The area protected by the sea wall, aB well as the sea level, was covered all over with long, rank grasB. At the north end of the islet a ourious round rock, exactly like a martello . tower, but rather higher, rose . out of the .water, separated from the sea .wall by twenty or thirty feet of deep water, dark blue, trans parent ; eometimes rolling and rush ing and tearing at the Bides of tbe rook, sometimes gently lifting the eea-weed that clung to the sides. Bound the top of the rook flew, Boreaming, all the year round, the sea birds. Far away on the horizon, like a blue cloud, one could see land ; it was the larger island to which this place belonged. At the south end was a lighthouse, built just like all lighthouses, with low, white buildings at its foot, and a flagstaff, and an en closure, whioh was a feeble attempt at a flower, garden. Half-a-mile bom the lighthouse, where the sea wall broadened into a wide ievel -spaoe, there was a wooden house of four rooms — dining-room, talon, and two bedrooms. It was a low house, pro vided with a verandah on either side. The windows had no glass in them, bnt thick' shutters ia case of hurri canes. There were doors . to the roomB, but tbey were never shut. Nothing was shut, or looked up, or protected. On the inner or land Bide there was a garden in whioh roses — a small red roBe — grew in quanti ties,, and a few English flowers; The Elephant Creeper, with its immense leaves, clambered up the verandah poles and over the roof. There was a small plot of - ground planted with pine apples, and a solitary banana tree stood. under tbe protection of tbe house, its leaves blown to shreds, its head bowed down. Beyond the garden was a. collection of three or four huts, where lived the Indian servants and their families. . The residents of this retreat — this secluded earthly paradise — were these Indian servants with their.: wives and children ; the three lighthouse men, nfho messed together ; and the .cap tain, governor, oroommander-in-phief, who lived in the house all by himself, because he had no wife or family. Now the remarkable thing about this island is that, althongh it is so far from any other inbabitated place, and althongh it . is so small, the human oooupants number many thousands. With the exoeption of the people above named, theBe thousands want no thing ; neither the light of the day nor the warmth of the Bun ; neither food nor drink. They lie side by side under the rank grass, without headstones or even graves to mark their place ; without a register or record of. their departure; without even ooffins. There they, lie — sailors, soldiers, coolies, negroes — forgotten and loBt, asmuoh as if they had never been born. And if their work lives siter them, nobody knows. what the work is. They beloug to the vast army of the Anonymous. Poor Anonymous 1 They do all the ^rork. They igro.w our ooip and breed . our sheep ; they make and mendrfor as; they build up our lives for, us^.W?, noyer know them, : not tlj^nkthemii nor think of them.' ;All oyerithe.;worldi they work for their far-off brethrep j .ahd when one ,£ies, hiB flace. dlnd^at laat .a .mound of green grasB, or -even nothing but an undistinguished^ tripofground 1 Herp lay, iside by. side, the Anony ?? tbem. . Did I say tliej were. forgotten ? Not' qnita ; they are jremembered by the Indian women whaii^hftrie. ^At.sunsgt .^ey,,japd 'their phildren retreat io' their huts^ fu*ju] stay in ,,them till, sunrif.e next misBing.: They dare not so much as l««k' ciutsldei.th6. door, becaue^ the PJUmm is orowded with white, sbiyering, ? ehaased gliosta 1 .Speak to one of theBe wotaeh.' -Bhe will point oat to yon, . treo(61ing,!;pne'—liwo— half-a-dozen ghents. .It is .true tbat tho dull eye of the iEngliebman pan «ee^ nothing. Jjhe seea thoin^distinguisbes them - one . from 4,be other. \ B^ie pah see thorn every night ; yet she ean never overcome her tprror. The governor, or mptain, oroommander-in-phief, for his part, sees nothing. He sleeps' in hiB house.qmte alone, swith his oat ai^d his dog, windows and doors wide open and lias nonpar of any ghosts. . If he felt 'any fear, ,of oourse, lie would be 8arroundered; and pestered to death every .jiight with multitudes of ghosts. But he^fears nothing. He is a dootor, yon see j ' and no - doptor . ever yet was aifraidofghosts.. . How -did they joome here— this regi ment of dead men ? In several, waye. Cholera, acoonnts for ihoBt; yellow fever for Bome; other fevers for some ; but for most cholera has bsen 'tbe de stroyer. Beoause. you see, this is Quarantine Island. If a ship has cholera or any other infeotio.UB disease on board) it cannot touch at the island | olose by, which is a great plaoe for trade, 'and has every year a quantity uf ships calling ; the infected ship haB [ to hetake herself toQnarantineieland, I where her people are landed, and where tbey stay, until she lias a olean bill;, and that, sometimes, , is not until -the, greater part of her people ' have changed their berths on board for permanent lodgings ashore. Now you understand. The .place .is a great oemetery. It lies under the hot sun of the tropioa. The eky is always blue ;, the sun is always hot. It iB girded by the sea. It is always silent, for the Indian obildren do not laugh or shout, and the Indian, women are too much awed by tbe presence pf the dead to wrangle — always silent, save for the orying of the sea-.birds on the rock. There are no letters, no news papers, no. friends, no . dutios — none, save wheq a ship puts in, and then, for the doctor, farewell rest, farewell sleep, until the bill of, health is olean. Once a fortnight or bo, if the weather permitB, and if the communications are open — that is, if there is no ship there — a boat arrives . from the big island with rations, and letters, and supplies. Sometimes a visitor oomes, but not often, beoause, should an in feoted ship put in, he would have to stay as long aB the ship. A quiet, peaceful, monotonous life for one; who 19 weary of the world, of for a hermit ; and as good as the top of a pillar for Bilenoe and meditation. CHABTEE IV. . . The islet lay all night long in muoh the same silence whioh lapped and wrapped it all the day. The water waBbed musically upon tbe shore; the light iu the lighthouse flashed at intervals — there was no other sign of lite. Towards Bix o'clook in tbe morning tho dark eaBt grew grey*; thin, long, white. rays -eliotnut aoross tho sky, and then the light began to spread. Before the grey turned to pink, or the pink to orimson, before there was auy corresponding glow in tbe western sky, the man who occupied the bungalow turned out of bed, and oaine forth to the veraudah clad in tbe silk pyjamas aud silk jacket, which formed the evening, or dress suit, in whioh he slept. The increasing light showed that he was a young man still, perhaps about thirty — a young man with a strong and re solute faoe, and a square forehead. He stood under the verandah watch ing, as he had done every day for two years and more, the break of day and the sunrise. He drank in the delicious breeze, cooled by a thousand miles and more of ocean. No one knows the freshness and sweetness of the air until he has bo stood in tbe open and watched the dawn of a day in tbe tropioB. He went back to the house and came aut again olad in a rough suit of tweeds and a helmet. His servant was waiting for him with his morning tea. By tbiB time the short lived splendour of the east was faBt broadening to right and left, until it stretobedfrom pole to pole. Suddenly tbe. sun leaped up, and tbe colours fled and the splendour vanished. Tbe sky became all over a deep, clear blue, and round and about the sun was a brightness whioh no eye but that of the sea bird can face and live. The man in tbe helmet turned to the sea shore, and walked briskly along the sea wall. Now and then he stepped down upon the white ooral Band, picked up a shell, looked at it, and threw it away. When be came to the Sea BirdB' Book he sat down, and. watohed it. In the deep water below ; sea'snakes, red and purple and green, were playing about; great blue fish rolled lazily round and round the rook ; in the recesBes lurked unseen the groat conger eel, which dreads nothing but the thing of long aud horny tentacles, the ourite or squid, the humorous tazar whioh bites tbe bathers in Bballow waters all for fun and mischief, and with no desire at all to eat their- flesh ; and a thousand curious creatures, whioh this man, ? who had trained his eyes by days aud clays of watobing, oame here every day to look at. While he stood there the sea birds took no manner of notioe of him, flying olose abont him, light- ; ing on the shore olose at his feet. They were intelligent enough to know ! that - he was only dangerous with a gun in his hand. Presently he got up, and continued bis walk. All round the sea wall of the island measures three imiles. He took this walk every morning -'and every evening in the -early ioool . and the late. The rest of the time he spent indoors. . When he got baokit was past seven, and : the day was growing , hot. He took his towels, went down tp the shore, to a place where thecoral reef Receded, Jeayi.pg.a^phann6liouV...'tb.ihe 'J 0pen.-J-Tbe' channel —swarmed with - sharks, but he bathed there' every morning, keeping in the shallow water while the oreatores watohed, him from the. depths, beyond with-longing eyes. , He wore a pair of slippers, on ocboant of the l&f;, which is a very pretty little fish indeed to look at, but he lurks' in dark plaoes near the shore and he ie too lazy to get put of the way, and if you put your foot near him, h6 8tioks out' hia dorsal fin, whioh is priokly and poisbned, and when a matt gets that into the sole of his foot, he ^ goeB home an'd cuts hie leg off, and : . has to pretend that he lost it in aotion. Butthe idf only chuokles. ; When he had bathed, the dootor went baok to Ms house, and performed some simple additions to his toil&tte.; That is - to say,' he washed tbe salt water out of his hair -and beard— not muoh else. As ' to -collars, neckties, braces, waiBtooats, black coats, rings, or any such gewgaws, they - Were not wanted on. thia island. Nor are watches and olooks; the residents go by the^ sun. Tbe dootor got up at daybreakj , and took his walk, as you have seen, and _his bath. He was then ready for his breakfast, and far a solid meal) in . whioh fresh, fisb, newfy caught that morning, and . oor ried ohioken; with claret rand water, formed the : priiioipal part. A cup of ooffee oame. after, with a oigar and a book on the verandah. By this time the sun was high, and the glare of forenoon had suoceeded the ooolnese of dawn. After the oigar the dootor went indoors. The room was furnished with a few pictures, a large book-caso full of books, obiefly medioal, a table ooverod with papers, and two or three chairs. No curtnius, carpetB, or blinds ; the doors and windows wide open to the verandah ou both sides. He sat down, and began writing— perhaps he was writing a novel. I think no one would think of a more seoluded plaoe for writing a novel. Perhaps be was doing something scientific. He continued writing till past mtd- day. When he felt' hungry be went into the dining-room, took a bUouit'or two and a glass of vermouth. Then, because it was now tho hour for repose, and beoause the nir outeido was hot, and the sea breeze had dropped to a dead oalm, and the sun was like a red-hot glaring furnace over head, the doctor kioked off his boots, and threw off his coat, lay down on a grass mat uuder the mosquito ourtain, and instantly fell fast asleep. About five o'olook hg awoko, and got up ; the heat of the day waB over ; he took a long draught of oold tea, whioh is the most refreshing and the ooolest drink in the world. The sun was now getting low, and tbe air was growing oool. He put on his helmet, and set off again to walk round his domain. ThiB done, he bathed agaiu. Then he went home as the Bun sauk, and night fell instantly without tho intervention of twilight. They served him dinner, whioh was like his breakfast,- but for the addition of some cutlets. He took his coffee, he took a pipe — two pipes, slowly, with a book— he took a whisky end soda— and be went to bed. I have said that he had no watch — it hung idiy on a nail — therefore he knew not the time, hut it would very likely be about half-past nine. How ever that might be, he was the last person up in this ghostly Island of the Anonymous Dead. TbiB dootor, Oaptain-Oeneral and Commandant of Quarantine Island, me -none-other Umn . the. young man who began this history with a row royal and a kiugly rage. You thiuk, perhaps, that he had turned hermit in tbe bitturncBB of his wrath, and for the faults of one simple girl had re solvod on the life of a solitary. Nothing of the kind. Ho was an army dootor, and he left tbe servicc in order to take this very eligible appointment, whero one lived free, and could spend nothing except a little for claret. He proposed to stay there for a few yearB in order to make a little money, by means of which he might become a specialist. ThiB was bis ambition. As for that love business, seven years past, he had olean forgotten it, girl and all. Perhaps there had been other tender passages. Shall a man, waBt iug in despair, die because a girl throws him over ? Never 1 Let him straightway forget her. Let bim tackle his work, let him put off the business of love — which can always wait — until he can approach it once more in the proper spirit of illusion, and once more fall to worshipping an angel. OHAPTEB V. Neither nature nor civilisation ever designed a man's life to be spent in monotony. Most of us have to workfor our daily bread, which is always an episode, and sometimes a pretty dis mal episode, to break and mark the day. One day there came such a I break in the monotonous round of the doctor's life. It came in the shape of a ship. She was a large steamer, and she steamed slowly. It was early in tbe morning, before breakfast. The doctor and one of the lighthouse men stood on the landing place watching her. ' She's in quarantine, dootor, sure as sure, said the man. ' I wonder *what she's got. ^Tever, for choice. Cholera, more likely. Well, we take our ohanoe.' ' She's been in bad weather,' said the dootor, looking at her through bis glass. ' Look, she's lost her mizen, and her bows are stove in. I wonder what's the meaning of it. She's a transport.' - She drew nearer. ' Troops 1 Well, I'd rather have soldiers than coolies.' She was a transport. She was full of soldiers, time-expired men and invalids goiug home, She waB bound from Galcutta to Portsmouth. She bad met with a cyolone ; driven out of her oourse and battered, she was making for the nearest port, when cholera broke out on board. Before nightfall the island was dottsd with white tents ; a hospital was rigged up with the help of tbe ship's spars and canvas. The men were all ashore and the quarantine dootor with the ship's dootor were hard sit' work among the cases, and tbe mfen were dropping in every direotion. Among the paSBengers were a dozen ladies and aome ohildren. The dootor gave jip liiB iioSie to them, and retired to a tent, or to the lighthouse, or any whereto sleep. Much sleep oould not be expeoted for some time to come. He saw the' boat land with the ladies on board ; he took off his bat as they walked past. There were old ladies, middle-aged ladies, and young ladies. Well, there always is this combina tion. Then he -' went oh with bis work. But he :had a ourious sensa tion, as if something of the paBt had ?been revived in his, mind. It is, how ever, not an unoommon feeling. 'And one of the ladies changed oolour when she saw him. v 'Then began :the struggle for life. No more ' monotony on Quarantine Island. Bight and left, all day long, the men fell one after the other ; day after day more men fell, inore men died. The two doctors quickly organ ised their staff. Tho ship's officers b'eoame clinical clerkB, some of the ladies became nurses. And the men, the rough Boldiers, sat about in itheir tents with pale facea, expeoting. . Ot those ladies who worked there was one — a nurse—who never seemed weary, never wanted rest, never asked for relief. She was at work all day and all night in the hospital ; if she went out it was only to oheer up the men outside. The 'doctor was but conscious . of her work and of her presence, - he never - spoke , ' .to ? her-; Tvhe'n liexame to the hospital another nurse reoeived him ; if he passed her she seemed always to turn away. At a less troubled lime he would have observed this. At limes bo felt again that odd seuBalion of a recovered pnet, but he regarded it not — he bad other things to consider. Tbore is no time more terrible for tho courage of tho stoutest mau than a time of ohoicra on board ship or iu a little placo whence there is no escape ; no time worse for a pbysiciun than one when his soieuce is mockod and his skill avails nothing. Day after day the dootor fought from morning till night and far on to the morning again ; dny after day new graves were dug ; day after day tho chaplain read over tho new-mndo gravoB the servioo of the dead for the gallant lade who thus died, inglorious; for thoir country. There camo a time, at last, when tbe conqueror seemed tired pf con quest. He ceasod to strike, The fury of the disease spent itself ; the cases happened siugly, one or two a day, instead of ten or twenty ; tho sick began to reoover, they began to look about them. The single oases oeased ; the pestilenoe was stayed ; and they sat down to oount tho oost. There bad been on board the transport three hundred and seventy-five men, thirty-two officers, half-a-dozen ladies, a few obildren, and tho ship's crow. Twelve officers, two of the ladios, and a huudred men had periBhed wheu the plague abated. ' Oue of your nurses is ill, doctor.' ' Not cholera, I do hope.' ' No, I believe a kind of collapee. She is at the bungalow. I told them I would send you over.' ' I will go at onoo.' He loft a few directions and walked over to tho houBe. It was, he found, the uurse who had been of all the most useful and tho most active. Sho was now lying hot and feverish, her mind wandering, inolined to ramble in her talk. He laid his hand upon her temples ; he felt her pulse, he looked upon her face; tbe odd fuoling of something familiar Btruok him again. ' I don't think it is very muoh,' he -Baid. ? '.A -little fever.. . She .may, have been iu the sun ; she has been working too hard ; her strength lias given way.' He still hold her wrist. ' Claude,' murmured the siok girl, ' you are very cruel. I didn't know — and a girl cannot always have her own way.' Then he reooguised her. ' Good Heavens I ' he cried, ' it is Florence 1 ' ' Not always have her own way,' she repeated. ' If I oould have had my own way, do you think I would 'Florence,' he Baid again, ' and I did not even reooguise her. Strange 1 ' Another of the ladies, the colonel's wife, was stauding beside him. ' You know her, doctor ?' ' I knew her a long time ago — some years ago — boforo sho mar ried.' ' Married! Florence is not married. You must be thinking of someone else.' ' No. This is Florence Vernon, is it not 1 Yes. Then she was formerly engaged to marry a certain Sir William Duport.' ' Oh I I believe there was some talk about an old man who wanted to marry her. But eho wouldn't have him. It was just before her mother died. Did you know her mother ?' ' I knew her mother a little when they were living at Eastbourne. So eho refused the old man , did she ? aud has remained unmarried. Curious. I bad almost forgotten her. The sight of her brings back the old dayB. Well, after she has pulled so gallantly through tbe cholera, we cannot have her beaten by a little fever. Befused the old man, did she ?' In tbe dead of night he sat watch ing by the bedaide, the colonel's wife with him. 'I had almost forgotten,' whis pered tbe lady, ' that story of the old baronet. She told me about it once. Her mother was ill and anxious about her daughter, beoause she had next to nothing, except an annuity. Tbe old man offered ; he was an unpleasant old man ; but there was n fine bouse and everything ; it was all arranged. The girl waB quite a child, and under stood nothing. She was to be sold in fact to this old person, who ought to have been thinking of hia latter end, inBtead of a pretty 'girl. Then the mother died suddenly, and tbe girl broke it off. She was a clever girl, and she has been teaching. For the last three yearB she has been in India, now she is going homo under my charge. She is a brave girl, dootor, and a good girl. She has reoeived half-a-dozen offers, but sho has refused them all. So I think there must be somebody at home.' ' ' Claude,' murmured the girl, wan dering, ' I never thought you would care so much. If I had thought so, I 'Would not have encouraged yon. „ In deed, indeed, I would not. - 1 thought we were only amusing ourselves. ~ . 'Claude is a pretty name. What is your own christian name, doctor ? ' asked the colonel's wife, curiously. ' It is — in faot — it is — Claude,' he replied blushing ; but there was not enough light to see his blushes. , ' Dear me t ' said - the oolonel's wife. ? OHAPTEB VI. A few days later the. patient, able to £it for a while in the shade of tbe rerandah. was lying in a long oane chair. Beside her sat the Colonel's wife, who had nursed her through tbe attaok. . She was reading aloud to her. Suddenly she b topped. ' Here comes the dootor,' she said, ' and Florenoe, my dear, bis name, you know, is Claude. I think you have got something to talk about with Claude besides the symptoms.' With these words she laughed, nodded her head, and ran into tbe salon. The verandah, with its green blinds of oane banging down, and its matting on the floor, and its ea8y-chairs and tables, made a pretty room to look at. In the twilight the fragile figure, pale, thin, dressed in white, would have lent interest even to a stranger. To the dootor I suppose it was only a ' case.'' He pushed the blinds aside and stepped in, strong, big, masterful. 'Yon .are mnoh better,' he said; ' you will very soon be able to walk about. Only bo careful for a few days. It waa lucky that tho attaok oame when it did, and not a little earlier, whoa we wore iu tho thick of tho trouble. Well, you won't want mo much longer, I believe.' ' No thaulc you,' eho murmured, without raising hor eyes. ' I havo had no opportunity,' ho said, stauding over hor, ' of explain ing that I roally did not know who you wore, Miss Voruon. Somehow, I didn't see your faoo, or I waB think ing of other things; I supposed you had forgotten mo ; anyhow, it was not until tho othor day, whou I was oalled iu, that I romemborod. But I darosav you bavo forgotten mo.' ' No ; I havo not forgotten.' I thought that long ago you had boootno Lady Duport.' ' No, that did not lake placo.' ' I hear that you have boon toaoh ing sinco your mother's death. Do you like it ? ' ' Yes, I like it.' ' Do you remember the last time we met — on tho seasboro — do you remember, Floronoe ? ' His voioe softened suddenly. ' We had a quarrel about that old villain — do you remember ? ' ' I thought you bad forgotton suoh a little thing us that long ago, and tho girl you quarrollod with.' ' The poiut iB ratliar whothor you remomber. That is of muoh mora importance.' ' I remember that you Bwore that you would never forgive a wortbloBB girl who had ruined your life. Did I ruin your life, Dr. Pernio 1 ' Ho laughed. Ho oould not honostly say that sho had. Iu fact, bis life, so far as concerned his work, had gone on muoh about the Bamo. But, then, suoh a man does not allow love to interfere with his career. ' Aud then you weut and threw over tho old man. Floronoe, why did'nt you toll me that you were going to do that 1 You might havo told me.' She shook hor head. 'Until you JelLiuto .such a. rage, uud callcd me suoh dreadful names, I did uot uuder- . stand.' ' Why didn't you tell mo, Florence ?' ho repeated. Sho shook hor bead again. ' You wero only a little innocent, ignorant child thou,' ho said ; 'of course yuii could not undorstaud. I was au ass and a hiuto and a fool not to know.' ' You said you would uevor forgive me. You said you would novor aliako bands with mo again.' He held out bis hand. ' Siuce,' he said, ' you are not going to marry the old man, and since you aro not ongaged to anybody else, why — then — in that oaso — the old state of things is still going on— and — aud — Florence — but if you givo mo your hand, I shall keep it, mind.' ' Dear me,' said tho colonel's wife, standing in the doorway. ' Do quar antine doctors always kiss their pa tients ? But you told mo, doctor dear, that your Christian name was Claude. Didn't you ? That explains every thing.' The ship, with those of her company whom tho plague bad spared, pre sently Bteamcd away, and, after being repaired, made her way to Portsmouth dockyard. But one of her company stayed behiud, and now is queen or empress of the island of which her hus band is king, captain, commandant, and governor- general, and resident quarantine dootor. — Strand MHeazine. 