MEDICAL ATTENDANCE IN ILLNESS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE BENDIGO INDEPENDENT. VERITAS PRCEALEBIT Barnedown, Nov,1 Sir,-“Vorm Tod ist weder Kraut noch Pflaster gewachsen." This homely German proverb receives prac tical illustration in the ancient saying :”ifnysxemn heal thyself* Doctors must die and give up '.the ghost and leave all their reputation and experience behind them. Their wives must also die and leave them when their appointed time has come. Millionaires and crowned heads must finally bow their head* in the ditsfc,' when thoir tilno comas. “The richest, the rarest, the freshest, the fairest hegathors together; before bim they wither,* sings Mendelssohn. “ What man is he thd liyeth, nnd shall not - see death ; shall he d* diver his S6ul from' the hand of the grave? sings the sweofc'Biuger'pf Israel.' To say tint ,a‘ doctor Jean save , life is boraorin'g upon blasphemy in : 'injy , ‘humbie' opinion.’ To say" that' if ,J a medical 'man bad been called in sooner life might have been saved, ia tautaraouht to saying, “If man were ihfaUible’he woftld never err, or if the doctor wore omniscient and"' omnipresent lie would know all'*thing's and"be everywhere.” That doctors o>-ory day, and that doctors differ is proverbial Who thonVphall t dooide' . when doctors disagree? Dr; Sir Morrell Mackenzie differed from Da Gohoimrath Yon Borgmonu in the historical case of‘the lata Frodovicthe Third, of Ger many,' and in spite of the aifforonce nf ’ opinion • and > .the different treatment the royal . patient had to ’ succumb. To' aay 'thMdf had; 'been called id sooher life rdigUt 1 Hhve bd6u saved, sounds likh' profcssiodhlr hoastltog,’ Hvhieh is - one form of pride of intellect.' IF the medico added,' “in my dmrnljUr>o|iinion, ; ’ ho would then bo entitled to a respectful, hearing; but as it is ,only an opinion, even though a professional oho, Ifc v wauld b4 'w6pth 'nothing /more than •the vnluo of an opinion, and’ no more worth than the bpinibn anothor intelligent and qualified:; pdradm v-’How,- then; can saohon opjnjoubo ';tho face of, ntty, m spito' tofji'.faots? >v(To V/say that a mon i* chargeable with negligence because, in the doctor's opinion, u medical’ aid- hsi been?.'-balled' in’! sooner life 'might have vlioeri; -'saved, 4ai a - impertinence,' u •well; as>ft‘perversion fofr. truth apd a roisesr- Viago of Because it is • giving to an individual opinion’ oracular authority w damage and'’ injure’ the • rights' .and liberties; the character andreputation of n froo oiUwh of a free country'. ' If the onus probandi was placed upon the sfyjuldprs, of those who roato such o wilful and rgrdtiutous assertion, wipy would, havo -to remove implicit confidence w raediealsUiU and soionoaoh the part of the person - so' chargoablo. as well os on the part of ; the . peraon i n’whoac * favor - the medical skill and science -was 'lrognired, lively liraMoii'id&^gd^'tiatfdtthe^knb.wls^S o of opportunity for ; medical v sorviee when sues '.daipger;%^'-'ijAUiihent ’.or, feared.'- But after alltheassertioh oft negligence- only amounts to a and charges are more mime,tliah r BCihslan(ihtdd -The oracular personification i; of 'truth and- wisdom wm :charged-with'blaaphomy I “boeauae- lie hnd saw* > -iiar^tuveo'^^y 8 * I .Til Of Pilsw ■ dais!^V.X-enbloseimv^ ’• , u 