AGRIGULTUI'A L, LNOTES. The fine weather which has prevailed of late has enabled farming operations to be proceeded with in the various districts without interruption. 'Along the Noith West Coast farmers as a rule are busily engaged in getting their grain in and clearing up land preparatory for the next potato crop. Many agriculturists contend that unless a fair quantity of rain falls during the present month the coming crops must suffer. The winter has been so un usually dry, that an most districts the drainage furrows have never been run ning, while the creeks and waterholes have been, in many instances, almost empty. Rain to a moderate extent, at intervals during the month, will prove bene ficial to the young wheat and even the late sown barley. Farmers are hopeful of the next potato crop turning out more profitable than the last one, strong competition from New Zealand and other causes eom bining to keep down prices. Early potatoes have already made their appearance in various parts of the island. The Tasmanian barley crop is expected to turn out satisfactorily. At a recent meeting of the promoters of the Penguin ploughing match to be held on Tuesday next, it was decided that the programme should comprise three classes, as follows :-Class A, or Champion, open to all; class B, open to those who have won only one first prize; class C, open to those who have never won a first prize. It was decided that the following gentlemen be requested to act as judges:-Messrs W. H. Oldaker and Laird,E mu Bay; H. Hard man, Castra, D. Westcombe, Penguin. The Duck River Improvement Associa tion has been doing good work. Some time since at their instigation the Government authorised a blazed line to be run from the termination of the track on the bank of the Arthur river to the Heazlewood-Pieman road. The recent success of the party des patched in procuring a good grade through a suitable line of country should encourage the people of the Circular Head district to apply to the Government for a supplemen tary vote for the opening of this route for cattle traffic. The requirements of the silver-fields in regard to a continuous supply of stock for consumption should, if such a route was opened up, materially benefit Circular Head and its surrounding district. Thus writes Mr John White, of Scotts dale, to the editor of the Launceston Ex amnser of Wednesday last. 'The ' boon' granted the farmer in the cattle tax is about at much real benefit to him as is the carrot tied to the end of a stick in the sweeps' donkies race. The farmers need a powerful advocate, and if you would take up their cause it would be better for all.' Farming in the Penguin district con tinues to go ahead, and our North-West Coast correspondent writes to say that there will be a much larger acreage under crop this year than last. Good roads are, however, required. The Royal Agricultural Society of Vic toria's twenty - first annual exhibition opened on Tuesday 25th August at the Flemington yards, and continued during the week. Reports to hand are to the effect that in all the larger classes of stock, with the exception of light horses, the show continued to maintain its high standard of former years. The dog and poultry sections were especially strong and constituted as usual a very attractive feature of ithe exhibition. The most pro minent portion of the show was the machinery, most of the leading manu. facturing firms being well represented. The produce classes were strong, and indicated the rapid advances Victoria has made of late years, through her agricul tural and pastoral community so readily taking advantage of the latest and best inventions and devices for the furtherance of their individual and collective interests. In the cattle section, the show was an even one, the Shorthorn, Hereford, and Polled Angus breeds being prominent as far as genuine quality was concerned. Comment was made to the effect that it was a fact to be regretted that the two latter strains occupied the attention of so few breeders. The Shorthorn .class was well represented, and Matilda's Duke of Derrimut was accorded the pride of place. This fine animal was bred by Mr James Tweedle, and is a very close copy of his sire, 48th Duke of Derrimut, a bull which has gained many honours at agricultural and pastoral exhibitions in former years. The Shorthorn groups, paraded, caused an effective sight, the chief prizetakers being Sir W. J. Clarke, Messrs J. B. Angus, and William M'Culloch. In aged Herefords the well- known bulls Bravo and Fijian were to the front, the former-a splendid animal, and all that a Hereford bull should be-carrying off the pride of place. He is owned by Mr J. H. Angus, of Angaston, S.A. In the Polled Angus section a first class lot of cattle were paraded, and the old rivalry which for some years past has existed between Messrs David Syme and Staughton Bros. was continued. Sir Launcelot of Killars won first prize for Mr Syme in the aged bull class, but Staughton Bros. gained the championship with Bcl shazzar, a beautiful two- year-old from the Eynesbury herd. The Ayrshire herd was numerously represented. Mr A. Cameron, of Cranbourne, taking the championship with his bull Aisla Craig, by Craig of Kyle from Snowflake III. This cow was imported by Mr W. M'Culloch.and the calf was born in quarantine. Mr A. E. Clarke, of Hazel glen, carried off the championship in the Jersey class with Laddie Comassie ; an im ported animal. In the sheep class, Mr W. G. Hogarth, of Raebourne, E?audale, was awardedfist prize for his fimram ciModel. The exhibits in horses, sheep, machinery, swine, poultry, and dogs, were all up to an excellent Etandard, and the show from first to last was a gratifying success. Latest advices to hand from Victoria are to the effect that as a general rule, throughout the country, the weather has been cool, with bright days and cold nights. Light showers have fallen in some portions, but in others rain is wanted. In the north western districts the land has been too dry for fallow ploughing. Thelambing seaso is turning out tolerably satisfactory in most of the districts, the exception being some of the lo alities out west. A large number of sheep and cattle in the Auckland district, New Zealand, have during the past few months been subjected t" the attacks of a parasite. It is termed by the agricultural press of the colony 'amphibsonum,' and is said to ie a leech like parasite which attacks the wall of the stomach. The parasite in question will probably be found to be Amphistoema conicum, which is one of the most frequent to be met with in the rumen or stomach of the sheep and goat. Zurn, an authority on parasitic diseases, recommends for the above complaint a dose of from five to twenty grains daily of pierate of potash. Another authority places great faith in the turpentine cure, composed of turpentine, three parts; raw linseed oil, one part; a large teaspoonful daily. Two grain doses of tartar emetic will dislodge the worms without distressing the sheep. According to the Napier, New Zealand, Telegraph the condition of flocks in the district, and feed prospects are so good that farmers reckon on clipping an extra pound of wool per head. A fine shipment of pure-bred island Jerseys, comprising three bulls and three cows, wihh two calves, has recently reached Melbourne. The animals were specially selected in Jersey, and were im ported by R. C. Brown and Bros., of Mel bourne. Some of the home -papers are responsible for the statement that a large number of farm servants are leaving Scotland for Australia. An experiment, says the Melbourne Leader, in the direction of settling working men on country allotments is being tried by Mr. W. Moodie, of Wando Dale, near Casterton. He has cut up a portion of his estate into ten 12-acre blocks,fencing them and building a cottage upon each. He pro poses to settle working men with their families on these allotments at a nominal rent, with an agreement that they are to work for him at fixed wages when required, and whtn he has no work for them they will be able to employ themselves in im proving their holdings. In this way he hopes to do away with labour troubles. Another dangerous importation is reported as having reached Australia from North America, this time in the form of what is known as the "loco weed." This obnoxious plant is described as being to vegetation what the deadly rattlesnake is to animal life. The name,says an exchange, comes from the Spanish and signifies insanity. It is a dusky green and grows in small bunches or handfuls and scat ters itself in a sparse and meagre way about the country. It is a sort of vegetable nomad and travels about not a little. Localities where it this season flourishes in abundance may not see any of it next year, nor indeed-for a number of years to come. The prime property of the loco is to pro duce insanity in men and animals who par take of it. Animals- mules, horses, sheep, and cattle-avoid it naturally, and, under ordinary circumstances, never touch it. But in the winter, when an inch or two of snow has covered the green grasses, these green bunches of loco standing clear abive the snow are tempting baits to animals. Even then it is not common for them to eat it. Still some do, and it at once creates an appetite in the victim similar in its intense force to the alcohol habit in mankind. Once started on the downward path of loco, a mule will abandon all other kinds of feed and look for it. In a short time its effects become per fectly apparent. You will see a locoed mule standing out in the shadowless plains, with not a living, moving thing in his vicinity. His head is drooping and his eyes half closed. On the instant he will kick and thrust out his heels in the most warlike way. Under the influence of loco lihe sees himself surrounded by multitudes of threatening ghosts and is repelling them. The mind of the animal is completely gone. He cannot be driven or worked because of his utter lack of reason. Two British colonies were well repre sented at the recent Royal Agricultural Show at Doncaster England (says the Stanrdards. The Government of Victoria have placed a stand on which the agricul turaliproduce of the colony is well displayed, including some remarkably fine samples of wheat, oats, peas, and tares. Some of the malting barleys also are good, and others are small and thin in the grain. The irrigation colonies of Mildura and Ren mark, the former in Victoria and the latter in South Australia, are represented by some of their produce, which is mainly fruit. The Canadian Government, as usual, have a large and handsome stand in which they show specimens of the farm produce of the colony. Upwards of 400 horses were shipped from Melbourne for India last week. The supply came from the Gippsland district. A large horse-dealing firm at Christchurch New Zealaiid, are shipping various breeds of horses for the Sydney market and anti eipate opening up a profitable trade. 