BETWEEN DRINKS. — A little loo-two — twins. m 9 Whisky ia too often the power behind tho thrown. . Tho Hartiat Bays he has found more grass widows in clover than in weeds. w w w " In this little casket I have preserved all theso years the dearest remembrance of my honeymoon. It is tho hotel bill. » Tho difference botweon an angel and a ghost is tho difference botweon what a man expects to bo himself and what he oxpccts his neighbor to bo. Mrs. Marriodrich has applied for a divorce. She says her husband is entirely incapacitated — his fingers are paralysod and ho can't sign cheques. www Magistrate : " Prisoner, this testimony against you is very damaging — cannot you establish an alibi?" Priaoner: "Won't an alias do aa well, your honor ?" www Tho Booster : " What makes tho dining- room so cold, dear ?" She: '"I think, love, it must be the .frieze on'tho wall." » . .Teacher: "You think sin is an adjective, "do you ? How would you compare it ?" Billy : " Positive, sin ; comparative, sinnor; superlative, cynic." . Tho Boss (looking at the individual loaning against the lamp-post) : " That man hna a queer name — Trianglo." Tho Emu : " It is appropriate, though. He" is a ryo-tangled triangle." www This world is like a crowded 'bus, A few good men fiorhaps, May find a seat, but most of us Must hang on by tho Btraps. www Ho : " Maud is very young and ingenu ous in her way, isn't she ?" Sho : " Yes. Hor second childhood rests very gracefully upon hor, doesn't it ?" www Bibbs: "Well, Emu, what song aro you going to sing this summor ?" Tho Impecunious Ono : " That one which \- begins ' AH a loan my watch I'm keeping.' # . w . What at tho beginning may havo been regarded morely as a sido issuo, frequently turns out to be tho most important sub ject, It was so in tho case of Evo. w w w Clergyman : " Do you think you will win Hcavon by your conduct ?" Tho Old 'Un : " Oh, I will contont myself with playing for a place." » ' w Rubo Hatfiold (to Sheriff): "Wacher 'rest my boy Jim fer ?" Sheriff : " Ho killed a nan last Sun day." , Rubo Hatfield : " Wall, Jim novor did have much respect for tlio Sabbath." e # c Thoy were having a good gossip. " How girls change. My Tottio, when sho was little, novbr would go evbn into tho parlor I ' at night without alight, because as sho put I it, there might be a man around. And | now," sho added significantly, " she won't | have a light in it because there is a man I there for four or fivo nights a wook." I ' e o If misory loves company it may bo com- I porting to know that tho avorage " heated I torm"at Adon, on tho Red Sea, is 130 degrees. This recalls tho remark of the Irish soldier, who was ono of tho newly- arrived British garrison there. "Well, Pat," said his. Captain, "how do you like the climate of Adon ?" " Sure, sor," said Pat,- mopping hisbrow, "I should think Adam was glad to bo dhrivon out-av it."_ , " How polishodaro my lays !" murmured a poot. " YeB," cackled tho hen, " but you can't get eightoenponeo a dozen for 'em." « " I had a splendid time in my vacation this last summer. Meals just when I wanted them, cold and warm baths and no feos for waiters or portors." " And where is this ideal place, doctor ?'' " I stayed at home." # » "One of the funniest things of Aus tralian life is a Melbourne millionaire trying to travel incognito because ho really believes that the country is ready to march forth and embrace him. # "Just seo how fondly that man kisses bis wife good-bye," said tho Emu, who is a bit of an optimist. "There is no sham demonstration there." " Oh, that is because she is going away,' said the pessimistic Rooster. » Pond Pareut : " I fear, young mau, that you seok my daughter's hand solely for hor wealth." Tho Prod: "Well, look at her candidly and kindly inontion what other qualifica- ' tions she possesses, will you ?" e » A Melbourne girl has beon nsleop since November 19, and long nap3 of a wook's duration avo nothing to her. Sho will make a good wife for a man who is in the habit of coming homo late. a Millie : " I don't mind marrying you, ' Clarenco, but I liato tho idoa of giving up my two-pouud- a-week job at tho store." Clarence : " Then don't give it up, dearest. I'll give up mine. I'm getting only 30s. « " Could you not, if you tried, grant me a place in that icy heart of yours, Tottio ?" " My heart may bo of ice, as you say, Mr. Prodigal, but, all tho samo, I an not in tho cold storago business." » " Thoy tell mo,"' said Jinks to a manager bright, " Your company playod 1 As Yon Like It," last night." "You'vo signally failed," quote the other, " to striko it, . " Thoir playing was not in the least as I like it." # # Sydney Citizen : " Oh, we have a fine class ' of citizens here. Our gaol is empty, and has been for a month.' Melbournito: "Yes, I jiulgod from the gangs I have seen around tho bars that your gaol was cither empty or so full it could not hold any moro." Tho Old 'Un : " I read so many casos of peoplo being buried nlivo. Is there no romedy for it ?" Heditur: "Tho only remedy I know is for the Legislature to pas3 a law com pelling doctors to finish thoir work properly." "I understand your barn lias beon burned," said a sympathising citizen to an out-of-town farmer the otlior day. ' Yes," was the gloomy reply ; " I ain't gob no barn nor nothink to put nothink into nor nothink." A physiognomist says : — " Boware of iho girl that has black eyes, shun the girl with blue, and run from tho girl with grey eyes." This practically restricts tho choice of tho foolish young man to tho girl with pink eyes, who is not warranted gonuino outside of a show. Wife : " Whero havo you boon, George ?" Smiler : " I was over at the Rooster's awhile. I toll you I never saw such a household. Thoy quarrel like cats and dogs. I am too fond of peaco to lead such a life. Is supper ready ?" " Not quito." " Thou why in thunder isn't it ? How long doos it take you to stew up a little hash, anyhow ? You're slowor than a clock that won't run." » « Tottio : "What was that tiresome Mr, Goode saying to you in the conservatory last night?" Flossie: "Ho was begging me to give up my frivolities and small vices." Tottio i " Tho stupid 1 As if one wouldn't ton times sooner part with one's virtuos." 9 9 9 Reportah : " So poor Will was acci dentally strnnglod to doath. How'd it happen P" Flicker : " Got. caught in a shower and couldn't unbutton the collar of hia flannel t shirt." Tr(ivoller : " What is that tall chimnoy for ? Some ono putting up a factory ? " Old 'Un : "No. That's tho Ilartist's woll. The lato sonthorlios turned it inside out." « " What's tho matter wittfthe Rooster ?" " Ho drank too much beor to-day." "Why, I'vo heard him Bay ho could drink beer all day and think nothing of it." "Well, ho isn't thinking anything of it." # # # " Woll, woll, Idcolaro ! he is single, you say? I hoard he was wedded, I thiuk." " I know why you hoard so: he is in a way, That's to say, ho is wodded to drink." » Tho Hoditor, who has trotted out this rag for sovoral years, says that wliilo tho pen may be, and doubtless is, mightior than tho sword, still for rapid and satis factory work there's nothing liko a pair of scissors and a liLtlo mucilage. - # # "I hear that you aro ongnged to Lord Ha'rdsquozo," said a hollo to her wealthy friond. " Is it so ? " " Oh, no," said the business-liko young woman. " I shouldn't say wo were en gaged, but I — I havo him on appro." 9 m Miss Emcrsonia Russell (from Boston) : " I havo read that Venus do 'Milo will be at tho Chicago Columbian Exposition. Won't that bo charming ?" Miss Calumctia Porcino (from Chicago) : "Very lovely, but I'vo no vcr hoard the young woman sing." « " This just comes in handy for me," cheerfully remarkod Mr. Tired Tompkins to his fellow passengers in tho "Black Maria." "Ninety days ain't no groat stretch, an' I'm thinking about raisin' my winter wliisks. Thia'll be my oppor tunity, wliilo I'm retired from sossioty's giddy whirl." 9 " I wondor why it is that old violins are moro valuable than others ?" said tho Prod. "I don't know," replied tho Old'TJn, " unless they liaro got out of order so that nobody can play on thorn." \- " What kind of ice cream will you have, dear ?" inquired the hostoss. Tho little Sydnoy maiden wiped her glasses thoughtfully. " I will t-ako vanilla ice cream, if you ploaso," she repliod. " Vanilla, if I have been correctly informed, is extracted from a bean." tub cigar mend. Although ho has his pookets filled With weeds — this cheerful siuuor, His eager longing is not stilled — Ile'll " smoke this after dinner." ' — # "If you aro the girl I take you to be," lio began tenderly, whon ho was inter rupted by a baritone voice : " I'm not ; I'm hor brother ; wo dress aliko j I'll send hor in, old fel — " And then a distracted man slid out and walked sadly homeward. w Jim tho Bagman : " Hero is my card, sir. This is my first trip on the road. I noither drink, smoko nor swear. I . know little about human nature and care less. I am independent, as you see, and you can buy my goods or not as you please." Pro vincial Merchant (wearily) : " Too late. That dodge has been workod on me six. times already to-day." # Yesterday the Old 'Un, returning from a dinner party under tho influence of liquor, slippod and fell on tho sidewalk. A kind- hearted but sober friend helped tho in ebriate to his foet. " Whorosh my liat ?" askod tho tipsy party, oblivious to tho fact that tho hat was on his head. " Why donsh you looksh for my hat ?»' - ho continued very angrily to his sober friond, who laughed lioartily. " My dear boy, your hat is " " Looksh for my hatah, I say. Do you hoar mo splioak ?" But just tlion he put his hand on his lioad and discovered the hat. Looking vory wiso tho victim of dip. somania said : " My friend, you're abshont-minded or you'ro drunsh. You are sho blind drunksh you couldn't shoo my liatsli wash on my hood (liic). Wino isk sraockor, and strong drinksh a ragin' lion, and whoover isk de ceived goosh about seeking whom ho may devour. You're blind drunksh, I shay ; couldn't see my liat wash on my head," and steadying himsolf on tho arm of his friend tho Old 'Un rolled back to Joo« thorpo'a. ' Irving says that lio requires throe hours to make up for Shyloek. A3 a lighting change artist ho - would bo simply nowhere at this rate. h 9 " Who wrote the Psalms ?" asked the superintendent, sovorely. And thon a little girl in tho infant class bogan to cry. " It wasn't me, sir," she said. Mother (angrily, reaching for hor slipper and her darling boy) : " Como here, you naughty, disobedient Darling Boy (firmly crossing his hands behind himself) : " Now, mamma, there's no uso of your proceeding to extremities in this matter." .. » 9 9 " Is tho Hartist a drinking man?" said tho Boss. "Not that I know . of," remarkod the Heditor, somewhat nervously. '"Why do you ask ?" "I thought so oh account of that last composition of his, " Always Keep a Smile for Motlior." V "No," observod one of the neighbors who had called to see tho new baby, " the child's mouth is none too large. And soe how mobile and floxible it is. You will live, Mrs. Emu, to seo this little girl bo- . come au accomplished elocutionist." And tho young father, who had been listening unobserved- at the door, wont off upstairs, crawled into the attic, and wept bitterly. # "a change oj? heabt. Ho loved tho ground sho walked upon, While thoy woro young and yot asnndor. They married, quarrelled, sho diod and thon Ho lovod tho ground .sho was under. " # # It is strange how a now crow on tho matrimonial sea wiH always assert them selves. It does not need moro than a cur sory examination of tho man ordinarily to pick out 'a nowly-marriod pair. Sho was a protty young woman and clung to him liko tho provorbial ivy. She drooped her eyes and blushed. Harry — for that was his name — looked at her in quiringly. She cast a questioning glance' at Harry's sombre tronsors. Harry did not seem to drop. Then she reached over and whispered something in his car. Harry colorod'up a beautiful lobster color, and reaching down stealthily re moved a ticket from his trousers. " And you woro married in them, too, my doar," sho was heard to say. Harry excused himsolf hurriedly and , strode to tho platform. After making a few vigorous remarks lio returned. Tho young bride smiled compassionately on him, and a silent grin went round the car ; hut Harry did not smilo, neither did ho grin. what's in a name? Tho clorgy thiuk that thoy havo calls . To bo sovoro mud-sliugors Against tho city's music hall, And also comio singers. And yot it may bo said again, Of stones thoy can't bo castors, Sinco fashionable clergyman Thomsolvos are Tony Pastors. # moses give3 lazabu8 a pointeb and latk3 tells how it will work. Mr. Moses keeps a second-hand store, and directly across tho way has a neigh bor and rival in tho person of Mr. Lazarus. The two visit each othor occasionally to crack jokes moro tliaii for anything olso. ' On ono of these rocont occasions when Moses had made the call he found his neighbor suffering from erysipelas and exhibiting a swollen and distorted visage. The jocular fit was on him strong, and ho I saw in the other's luckless condition a great chance for a corker. " I am sorry for you, moin friont," he obsorvod, looking with simultated com passion on the unlovely faco of Lazarus. " You vas euough to scliare avay a gusto- mor mit a mug liko dot on you." " Dat's so, Mosos, hut vat am I to do about it ? I soil my slitock to you at half coslit, oh ?" "Not kovite so bad, Lazaru3. You ckust get on some falso faco und you do peoziness ride along luidout some heebies known dor differenta." " Dank you, Mosos. I do dot ride away. But I know vot'll como oud of it pooty veil!" " Vat'll como oud of it, mein frient P" " Veil, it's yu8t liko dis : I go puy me a jackass falso face und put it on. Dor forry virst gustomer comes in vill Bay: j ' Hello, Mosos, von did you mofe ofer on 1 dis aido dor slitroot ?' TTnd, by kracious, j cltfii vould prokon moin heart !" 