THEY ARBITRATED. Two men were standing on a corner on Sixth Aveuue, holding an animated con versation. ' I say that man Webb is a sneak,' said one of them excitedly. ' He's no eneak,' replied the other. ' But the strike ia all over, so what's the use of talking about it. The strikers never had a ghost of a show anynow.' ' Tbat Is all you know about it,' sneered the first speaker. ' Of course it's over. The Knights are whipped.' ' Tbe Knights bad just begun ? ' 'Just begun to play out for good.' « No, sir P ' Yes, sir !' ' Uo you mean to say tbat I'm not a man of my word ? If that's what you're driving ..» AmviA mit nnf) nail ma a llttl* lit UUU1D UUi UIIU Villl UiD a iibii ' I guess you have sized yourself up about right.' Then they clinched. After the battle hnd raced for some time .with ..va ying re sults, the striker got bis adversary down, and was preparing to take advantage of (he situation, when a Knight of Labor, who had been standing near, said : ' Hold on ! Don't punch him jet. Just let me ask him a few questiona. How about these labor troubles? Do you think tbe strike is really over?' 'I am beginning. to, have my doubts about it,' said the undeo-m'an. ; 'I am ; thinking that there is no doubt but what the Knights bad con iderable power, after all.' *' O, you are, . eb ? , VVhatr do you think of Vice-Presideut Webbf T '~ ~ ' O, I haven't as good an opinion of him now as I bad. Perhaps ie should have treated the strikers more politely.' ' You said a while ago that I was lying. Am i ?' put in the striker on top, drawing back his arm threateningly. ' do, indeed you ain't. 1 m attenomg to the lying just now, but if you will just let me up, I think I know where there is a saloon beeper who would act as arbitrator in this little affair without detriment to tbe honor of either party.' u Now you are talking sensible,' enid tbe striker, letting him up and brushing tbe dirt from his coat. 'If you had made h proposition like that before, this little strike would never have occurred,' and they pro ceeded to the nearest saloon, where tb*- bitter memories of the past were washed down with foaming bumpers of beer. In the Nineteenth Century the Earl of Meath gives an interesting description of tbe German labor colonies and other in stitutions for providing work for men out of employment. There are 22 labor colonies ia the country, and they have proved very successful in rescuing men from lives of idleness, dissipation, and beggary, and pro viding them with the means of obtaining regular employment. Every man is re quired to work on the land or at S'«me occupation indoors, »nd a snml! sum — 2£d per day — is allowed for wHges, but is not paid till the man leave* the colony. The weak spot in tbe system is that it does not provide for wives and childien, and the Earl of Meath does not tell his readers bow these are maintained in the absence of the husbands and fathere. ' 