3&&CTKG;, j Tattersall's Steeplechase Weights, &c.; By:Neho. The weights for the handicap races to be run at Randwick on Saturday next were declared on Tues- ? day, and haye brought about a deal of discussion. The Grand National Hurdle Race was headed by Killarney with, list 91b, and when one takes stock of his Warwick Farm and Boseihill running he had not been at all overburdened. True, he failed in both hurdle races at the recent Randwick meeting, but his defeats may in some measure be attributed to the unusual want of judgment showed by Nolan, who seldom makes mistakes. Pentagon ha s only : jto be in his true form to be a bad one to beat at list 71b, but Banjo might have had just a trifle ? less. Fog is a really good mare when in the humour, and, as the Bathurst contingent are seldom ! very far out in their calculations, she must be re garded with respect. At lOst 71b and lOst 4lb re spectively, The Mason and Letta Lind have been about fairly dealt with, but General Gordon would seem to have gone off a great deal of late, and the handicappers appear to be justified in lowering his weight ; and Hengist, Goldleaf, and First Light have been properly placed. Taken \ as a whole, the work could- hardly have been im- ; proved upon, and the weights seem to point to The Mason, Pentagon, and Hengist as being i the best in, now that Killarney has left the i list. With 50 horses of all classes to deal with, ' Mr. Scarr must have had his work cut out to frame ! the Flying Handicap. Marvel, who has not oais j ried silk since he measured strides with Carbine at j the A. J. C. Autumn Meeting, is here found with lOst 5lb, and he is in the possession of «uch un questionable pace that even such ' an impost should not prevent .him. from distingnishing himself, but | his friends do not seem to care to risk him with a , big weight up, and, therefore, the' chances are ; against his going to the post. Victor Hugo has : not been at all overrated when apportioned 9st 31b, and the great brilliancy recently displayed by Splendora fully entitles her to the same fixture, while Tridentine cannot well complain, but Muriel, Retort, and Repose might have had a little more consideration shown thepu - The wonderful but ill timed run made by Diok in the Queen's Birthday Cup on Monday last tends to the belief that he is : one of the fastest horses in training, and he should ' be well suited with an even 8st. The .middle weights have been placed on pretty close terms, and ! among those that wear a dangerous appearance are : Gaytime, Avenger, Elmore, aud Repeater. Gay* ; time is in the reoeipt of 5lb from Splendora for ; her defeat in the Farewell Handicap on Monday, : and, as the weights are proportionately higher here, she will be very likely to get home before the daughter of Splendor. Recent deeds have brought ; Repeater, Kilmore, and Escort into notice, and they are fairly well off at the weights. He Swell ' would seem to be one of those delicate gentlemen - that only race when they like ; but Playmate has already afforded a taste pf his quality, and so have i The Markee and Empire. It is necessary to hark back a good deal to Btrike a line about Bustler^ who, having once done a good thing, is likely to do ^ bo again. The more the matter is looked into the . more open the race becomes ; but Dick, Playmate, i Repeater, Gaytiine, Kilmore, and Thelma are as ; dangerous a half-dozen as can well be chosen, the winner may be concealed among them. In the Steeplechase . we find Bushman at the head of affairs, and he is called upon to concede 31b to Grafton, even in the face of the fact that on Monday last Bushman could not get within coo-ee of the chestnut. True, Wood man's son had td give the doctor's horse 15lb actual weight, but ? double that amount would not have brought them together , on that occasion, and, wherever they may get to at the finish on this day week, Grafton should get/home before the top weight. Grafton ran quite a different horse on Monday last to what he did in the Rosehill Steeplechase the other' day, and his evident im provement caused not a few to compare the two performances — one with and the other without Shoes. It may be that old Marmion and Don belong to the past, and Melton is another that does not seem to have improved; while, on recent , running, the best in may be Inverdl, Recruit, and ! Bonnor. Marvel, who heads the Winter Stakes with 9st lllb, should be well up to the management of that weight, and, if started, should hold Bunge- 5 bah, Highborn, Sir William, Splendora, and Tridentine in tolerable safety. King Olaf had beeu about properly placed, but Victor Hugo, Muriel j and Ernest have each and all come in for their full share. Forbes may run forward with 8et 21b, and among others that are well in are Dick, Vespaaia, Warrego, Kbmisch, Retort, and Chatham. \- The unfortunate circumstances which surrounded the Farewell Handicap run at the Sydney Turf Club Meeting at Randwick on Monday, last have caused a deal of comment in sporting circles. The facts of the case are set before your readers in an other column. According to time-honoured, or it may be dishonoured, 'custom, the members of the press were not invited to be present at th© investigation. However, as is invariably the case, some of the facts have leaked out. It would ap pear that an official of -the club, one not in any way responsible for - the winning q{ any particular horse in the race, entered a protest, it is presumed on behalf of that, unreliable animal, Gaytime, upon the ground that when the start was effected several of the horses were in front of the post. Everything hinged on that. If any horse was in front of the post at that critical moment, then of course the race would have been void and tho starter would be liable to a heavy fine. The party who entered the protest would seem to have been veiy confident that he had a good case, though what business he had to interfere more than any pne else savours somewhat of a mystery, and his views are said to* have been supported by several riders in the race. It may be. presumed that the rider of Gaytime was among the riders ready to support the case, and .? that others who had suffered defeat gave similar testimony. Now when at the post preparing to start for a race it can be pretty well understood that the lads have quite enough to do to look after their respective mounts without paying any particular atten tion to certain lines or posts. As a matter of fact one of the greatest complaints that can be truthfully made against our jockeys is that they cannot be made to pay even the necessary atten tion to such lines and posts, hence, the numerous fines to . which they have been subjected. As against the opinion of au excited lot of boys, many of whom may owe the starter ' an owld grudge,' we have the calm assertions of such well-known officials as Mr Thomas Watson, Mr. M. Hegarty, sen., and the veteran jockey and clerk of the course, James Ajshworth, all of whom , stated that not one ofthe horses were in front of the post when the word was given, and that the start, though it may have been bad, was a legitimate one. Those in power have, by their decision to. haye the race rim over again, shown that the opinions of several defeated and disappointed jockeys are more to be depended upon than -the evidence of the officials I have mentioned. Mr. Hegarty, who has been flag steward at Randwick for about a quarter of a' century, has Bent in his resignation to the Sydney Turf . Club, and others may follow. The fact that Splendora and Gaytime got home first aid second in both events goes to show that, whether the horses were started in'front of the post or not, both races were well and truly run, and that the 'ghost' about the post did not make any difference. . ? 