THE REV. CHARLES CLARK. Coming amongst us once again after an absence of [?] twelve months, the Rev. Charles Clark, whose name has for well-high 15 years been a household word in the family circles of this city, needs no introduction toour readers. Other elocutionists liave conic and gone, while of lectunfi of all descriptions there has l*ni no lack, yet in his own specialty this revert nd preacher of lay smias staadg with out j>eer upon an eminence created by the individuality of the treatment of his subject Charles Dickens's beautiful "Christ mas Carol" affords him scojie for the display of the dramatic powers with which he is so richly eudowed, surpassed in none of his recitals. Possessed of physical attribute:; peculiarly fitted to interpret tin's work, ho presented to the large and appreciative audience vrhicli crowded the Town Hall on Thursday evening a series of mental pic tures of the scenes and cliaracters con jured up by the pen of the master realistic as the illustrations of Cnrikshank. Though selections from the " Carol" have pre viously been rendered in the course of other lectures, this wu the first occasion on which this recital in its present complete form has been given in Adelaide. It was presented for the first time in Australia at the latter end of last. August, when a Sydney audience received it with every sign of satisfaction, their verdict being endorsed by the golden opinions won in Melbourne On the evening of May 9. The appearance of the lecturer was- the signal for a n-artn grfpfr'ngfrOlll fi'" prpnpte?ntn^rij<?nn«? 1 wifii whom he at once placed himself upon a friendly footine by that ease of manner habitual to him. Like all prominent figures in public and plat form life, the Rev. Charles Clark has certain mannerisms by which lie could under any cir cumstances be recognised ; lib peculiarities are however so much a part and parcel of his in dividuality that they are anxiously looked for, and in a measure help to endear him to his many friends in the auditorium. Upon coming for ward he prefaced his remarks by stating that he proceeded on the exact lines laid down by D iekens himself, the only alterations being those sanctioned by the great master. He divided the charming fantasy of the " season of good cheer' into four staves, commencing his recital with the narration of the circumstances which led up to the miserly Scrooge being visited by old Blarley's ghost. He so graphically de scribed him "from whose heart of flint no steel had ever struck the generous fire,'' that his auditory could well inmtrine they saw tlie living man before them of whom it was said "the rain and sleet sometimes came down handsome, but Scrooge — never." He was depicted sitting in his office inveighing against *\MJerry Christmas'' and all who rejoiced therein, repelling his nephew when he comes full of jollity to bid him rejoice in the season of festivity, refusing assis tance in charitable works when waited upon for a subscription, and bullying bis unfortunate clerk, Bob Cratchit. xhen the scene rJistngiag, in an even more deft and im perceptible manner than under the skilled hand of the stage mechanic, to his gloomy lodgings in the chambers of a dingy back street. As he opens his door he starts back affrighted as be fancies that the knocker bears a curious resemblance to the face of his defunct partner. Gradually as the night wears on his uneasiness increases, until at length to his disordered imagination the very disembodied spirit of the departed Mariey enters through the massive door, which he had double-locked upon entering. In terror and amaze he tries to perpuade himself that it is not a reality, but his efforts are unavailing, and then occurs an interview between the two old partners, in which humor and pathos were blended in a manner peculiar to Dickens, and interpreted with a force and delicacy peculiar to Clark. Before departing the ghost informs Scrooge that he will be visited by three spirits, and it is upon his wanderings with "Christmas Past"' tliat he is next encountered- Under the guidance of this unearthly visitant he visits scenes of his youth, long buried in the oblivion of the past, lie sees anew the ball at good old Ferriwig's, the employer of his 'prentice days, and once more sits beside the sweetheart of his manhood aud hears her reproachful tones as with melancholy resignation she reproaches him with allowing another idol —a golden one—to replace her in his heart. Once more he argues with her and endeavors to justify himself, and it is in this sceue that are displayed some of the truest touched of pathos in the first portion of the recital; touches which it is needless to bay are thoroughly appreciated and given expression. >>ext appears the spectre of '"CtinHtmas present,7' and with it Scrooge, in whom a feeling of re pentance ifi now fast obtaining the mastery, strolls along the streets; observing the Christmas shops and the customers who throng them. Then his guide turns his steps towards the hnmhle dwelling of his poor clerk, Bob Cratchitt, whose family are gaily preparing tlieir Christmas rhv&r.; A. pi^tam* b?p^ as only Dickens has ever drawn of a " poor home" and its inmates is then presented in such a manner that the audience fully enter into the feeling; of each member of the family during the pro grass oi tlipir Christmas They 886 thd young Cratchitts half frantic with the delight. of anticipation, and "Tiny Tim," the cripple baby of the family, with his prematurely drawn face and little crutch. They picture the very expression of the various faces *s the father gives the toast of " The founder of the feast, Air. Scrooge,7' wliieh is "honored in solemn silence. Next the lecturer transport? them to the house of Scrooge's nephew, where the company are assembled after dinner. Here again those present were treated to rare delicacy of portrait-painting and cliaracter delineation by the aid of language alone. The pretty and vivacious hostess, her "plump sister with the lace tucker," the young man with the bass voice who is smitten with her charms, the game of blind man's buff in which they engage in, and the "word guessing" in which Scrooge himself plays a "name" part, all are presented inaseries of kaleidoscopic jminiatnrps The fourth etavc introduces the third and last spirit, the darkly solemn "Christmas future." The now thoroughly repentant Scrooge is con ducted through scene after scene of borrer, which show to him how people will speak of and act towards him after his death if he does not change bis mode of life. With vivid por traiture the scene in the pawnbroker's shop, to ■ which after his demise those who can Ret a hand on his belongings come to pledge the bed curtains and the very shirt they bad torn from ; his scarcely cold body, and the manner in • which men on. 'Change receive the news of his demise are placed before the mental vision of the audience, the climax of pathos being reached in the descrip tion of the second visit to the home of the Crachitts after the inferred death of " Tiny Tim," and that to the graveyard where the now completely transformed ""?? reads hf« own name upon a tombstone. Here, just as the nerve tension of those present is becoming too great to be pleasnrauly borne the scene is changed to die chambers of Scrooge once more, where he finds himself to his joy "in his own bed, in his own room, with his own curtains round him, but, best of all, with the time be fore him as his own," and he rejoices to feel that he can change what he had seen might be a forecast of his future by changing his actions and disposition. He dew change. He doe? good wherever he can, and brightens the lives of tile Cratdntt family bo that they never after knew the bitter pinch of poverty and the dianal press of. want. Ha makes himself agreeable txt bis nephew and all •with whom he comes in con tact, and. the whole story **t^h ip *"y*h b mflnf^r ss to Rend all who have heard it home in a com fortable frame of mind. The late Dean Stanley said, on on& f***B"^"*} t**** this caxol is " the beet charity eermon ever preached," and while it is certain no one could hear it as delivered last evening! "ntrt>nchf*l it is equally certain that it has never been delivered by an abler preacher than the Ktv. Chark* Clark, who it is almost needless to add was warmly applauded at the conclusion of the reoitaL Bret Harte has satirised this production of the fanciful brain and ready pen of the departed novelist, but when delivered by a master of ' (elocution, who seems thoroughly imbued with the spirit animating the mind of the writer, and permeating every line of his composition, criticism is disarmed-, and the hearer listens only to the harmonics of a delightful Chfistm&.s fantawia. This evening the picturesque lecture, " West minster Abbey," w ill 1« delivered by the R.v>. Charles Clark, on which occasion his Excel lency the Governor and the Ootmteas of Kintore have signified tiwir intention of being present. Afresh recital will be given every even ing, Tuesday next included, though owing to tis passage having been taken bytheLusi tania, which leaves on Wednesday next, it is impoasUe for any further opportunitiea to bo offered of hearing the " prince of lecturers." 