A VICTORIAN PENTECOST. WB take the following from the entent - number of the ittthodint &>zrtt«3 peser pub lished in Sydney, end edited by the Kev, W. , G. Taylor :-A* we are geing to press »re have received a glowing letter (rom our beloved alni venerated Eather Wilsford, of Melbourne. Wo gladly made room for tbe following ex tract«. Glory, glory be to God, good tims* ar» - coining- O, that the MethodUm of Australasia may get ready for «hi« fall tide of glory that we are «ure the Lord ti about to send os :-. -.. " DSAB BBOTHBB TAYWB,-We have jail held a glorious Convention for. Holiness r ni Geelong. I have sent a «hort report , to H^é Spectator and the oWnem Orot», bot * ora sure yon will be glad to hear a little aboutit. For more than two years a numberof minister« of different churches bave nwt for .prayer every week In Melbourne. Our meetings have been times of great power, and the resulto most blessed. It was thought that a Convention for Holiness, similar to the Keawiek, Oouveo, tlon la England, wonia bea MeisingHrfwaf decided to hold one. The Rev. G. Grubb, M. A., of the Church of England,,who has been preaching with so much power hara, tad win ning many eoult, waa asked to preside, and willingly oonsentod to do so, 31»i«JHrrtr»» well advertised, and earnest prayer mit fte God's blenb-g. Our matings were held Th the large hall of the Merchantes' Instituts,' Oise* long, but every evening we had an overflow meeting In the Presbyterian Church next door, which was alto packed. We had meetings at 7 and 10a.m., and 3 and 7'30p.m. Th»plooe wat filled an hour before tbs tims. Mr. Grabb presided with wisdom, tact, and power. Min* Itters of .different churches gave aflitopet whian were mott appropriate and ttbÜng, A bleated hallowing Influenae rested on thelnpetr lng from first to last At time* a w«Ve of power and glory swept over the au^ienoe,.bowr mg every head and niling every heart.' A eau was made at each meeting for full surrender to Christ, and hundreds rose to their feet testify ing that they would hie wholly the Lord'», toll receive .lotus as their Saviour (rom"all ala: ' I osunrt give details of etch meeting, butt mon 1 refer to two. It wot intended to hold the meetings on Tuesday, Wèduesday.'and Thurs day, but we had to take Friday in'-and'chi wha> a day this last was I On BHday morn ing we held a missionary ineeUnfr. - A few of us spoke of the triumphs of the gospel in heathen lands, and of the still loud cry of the perishing for help. There was IntootOifeeHa* -overwhelming. Mr. Grono said ^it KeWteE thoy always asked ll any felt that the Xbrd called them to foreign mittlen Work.Und he asked that question now. Ita a iria*M¿l i warn 26 young men and women were on their feet crying, 1 Here am 11 «end me.' Among them were, a Presbyterian, and a Primitive Method ist minister. Mr. Grubb thon said s 'I want' to ask you, hos the Lord told any hf toil to give of you wealth for the support of the mis sionaries V Aud now there was a scene word« fall to desoribe. Some came with »tiver, «orne with gold. Many brought Xl, nome 45, other« £10, £20, 450, and 4100. A man and Ms wife gave 4120, and promised to give it annu ally. One gave all hi« savings for two years. One gave an allotment of land, and another a cottage sud niue acres of land. And how gentleman and ladles took off there gold wa.toh.es, ear-rings, finger-rings, ohotna, io,, ami brought them an offerlni to the Lord. There were on Ute tablo over twelve gold watches, and handfuls af rings and ohaios. Thc gifts amounted to over 41000. While the people were bringing their óflerioge, the Lord ivas pouring out his blessing so abundantly that there wat no room to receive-*h»re was n running over on every side. .FromYeverjr part of the ball the cry rose 1 Glory, glory I hallelujah !' Bless the Lord. It was glorious indeed. " At three o'clock we held a testi mony meeting-a thorough old-fashioned Methodist Love-feast without the bread ,and water-about 70 spoks, and more delightful testifying for Christ was surely never hoard. Among the testimonies borne, some wen particularly affecting. A minister of tb« Church of England told ns bow in great trouble ho had come to the Convention, long ing for the fulness, aud God had met Him aud filled his soul. A doctor from Tasmanli said, ' I carno all the way over to get this fol ness of blessing. My hindrances were pride o respectability, and pride of .reserve. God hki braikon both down, and I am rejoicing In Him. An archdeacon of tho Church of Engtani said, ' 1 have heen thirty years preaching tb Gospel, hut mine has boen a barren mtnistry I've had no souls saved : but God has glvei me this great baptism nf ths Holy Ghost « this Convention, and my ministry will not b i a barren one iu thc future.' After this meei lng 600 went hilo the streets singing, and ii vlting all to come to the evenlnc meeting. A 7 o'clook we bad the hall and church packet' and the power of the Iiord-jsnepreaeut to hes -thirty or forty proreiietMfeilnd Christ, Ü Iit hat indeed been a. gjprious Convenlia) Our dour brother Grubp.'jrras made a. gtsl blessing. Ho never opened the .Ribla ta gfj . .. wuuMnor lint Gait Hooke hv tllm+OHUr HMM, -Yours Tn Christ, JOHN WAWro&o;," 