THE DOCTOR'S SHOOK THEIR HEADS. L WOULD give a million idollars for a stomach," said a wealthy American recently Now, a million dollars (£200,000) is a deal money, but he was not able to buy the article even at that price. Mr. Thomas Gaskin, of No 3, Poplar Row, Darley Abbey, near Derby, is not so rich as many, being a gardener, but he was ready enough to give all he had for tho thing he hadn't got. Here is his story, and liu shall tell it iu his own way. Mr. Gaskin goes on to say : " Up to eight years ago I had never lost an hours' work through sickness. In December, lis82, whilst living at Beeston, near Nottingham, my appetite fell away. I had dreadful pain after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would fill with water and slime, the latter so thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with my lingers. My. chest used to ' fill up' and my throat would swell so I couldn't button my shirt at tne neck. 1 vomited a great deal, 1 had a racking cough and would cough and strain till I bled at the nose, and the blood rushed out of my ears. I became exhausted and short of breath and had to call the doctor, and was in bed five or six weeks. 1 then went as an out-patient to the Nottingham Hospital, and after attending o there for six months was very little better. 1 got so thin that I was like a ghost walkin about, and my friends said it was all up with me. For eighteen months I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the doctors recommended me to try a change of air. So I came to Darley iAbbey and my former master gave me an indoor recommendation to the Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby. I found, however, that all the beds in the hospital were full, and 1 saw my club doctor and also two doctors at Derby. The first one said, 'You arc in a galloping consumption, and must die'; the other doctorsaftcrsounding my lungs and chest, said nothing, but shook their heads, " Uetting a tritle better my old master allowed me to do what little I could in his aniens and grounds ; and some days worked a little, and then would be away for a few days. Things went, on like this until Dceinber, 1888, when I caught cold, got very short of breath, and broke down completely. I was always coughing and spitting up phlegm, sometimes as much as a teacupful at once, and was afraid to go to sleep for fear the phlegm would choke me. At this time tlje whites of n»y eye3 turned yellow, and my eyes were bloodshot. My lips and mouth were dry and parched and I often broke out in cold clammy sweat. My tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. " 1 managed to get up for a few hours at a time, but was so weak I had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, and sitting or lying, was never at ease and got no real rest. Too weak to read I often sat for hours looking at my hands—nothing but skin and bone, and was so nervous I could'nt bear the least noise, and the children at play quite upset me. " The doctor kept on attending me, but he said, 'I can do you no good ; I can only patch you up, because your lungs are diseased. 1 then gave over taking his medicine, and tried everything I could hear of. One thing was a cough cure from London that cost 22s. a bottle. But nothing did any good, and my friends who came to see me said, ' Well, you won't.cough much longer, you have merely to prepare for another world.' About the middle of March, 1889, a neighbor named Joseph Tatham, who works in the paper mills at Darley Abbey, said to me, ' Tom, did you ever try Mother Seigel's Syrup?' and told me how he had been, cured after being in the hospital. * He spoke so much in praise of this medicine I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr Smith's Stores in Victoria street. After the first dose I vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine for three days my breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I was able to go out for a shore waik. Bp the end of a fortnight I went to see my master, who asked what had wrought the improvement, and I told him, as 1 tell every on», that Mother Seigel's Syrup had saved my life. I commenced work at once, and have never lost a day's work since. " Of course my strength did not return all at once, but after taking Seigel's Syrup for six months 1 was strong as ever in my life n and have continued so ever since." In giving his consent to the publication of this statement, Mr Gaskin requests us to refer all doubters to him or to Mr. Keetley, Head Gardener, Darley Abbey, who is acquainted with all the facts alleged. Mr. Gaskin has lived at Darley Abbey 22 years and bears an excellent reputation. Now, what was the complaint %-om which he suffered I Not galloping consumption, certainly (as one of the doctors thought), or he would have galloped into his grave iu less than three months, instead of growing worse for seven years. His complaint was chronic inflammatory dyspepsia (or chronic gastric catarrh), which has lung symptoms like consumption, for which it is so often ignorantly mistaken and wrongly treated. When the right remedy, Mother Seigel's Syrup, was used the disease yielded, as all the diseases of the digestive tract do yield to that magnificent preparation. We heartily congratulate Mr. Gaskin on his recovery, and commend the facts of his case ^to all thinking people. THE preparations made by the stores for Christmas week promise a gowdly feast for the eyes. Already many of the shop windows present an appearance which brings to the minds of tlio.se of our Australians who are English-born, the sights we u.sed to look upon with such delight before we lived in the Antipodes. In past years the storekeepers in Perth depended largely upon lloral decorations to render their places of business attractive, but now they have embarked upon a new line, and with their shops tilled with wares, which tempt both young and old to invest ev«n more than they can sp;>re out of their cash, it will be a remarkable thing if they do not iind Christmas week an exceedingly profitable one. 