THE CRIMSON CROSS (By the Author of " Edith Lindsay.") chapter vii. -agnes icirby. chapter viii. — a situation as nurse. . . chapter ix. -on the caledonian (la nat, ' chapter x.— among the hills. chapter xi.— the i ost child. chapter xii.— robert carey's home. ' chapter xiii. — fifteen years afterwards. : chapter xiv.— what fools men are! " chapter xv.— hallowe'en. chapter xvi. — lo ve's yo.ung dream. chapter xvii.— until , death us do part. chapter xviii.— a woman's pho tograph. : chapernix.— victor g'albr aith's PROMISES. . chapter xx.— who is she? " ch a pter xxi. —aurora . bolton's heart. ...... chapter xxh. - victor gal- braith is. set free. chapter xxiii.— love nipped in the bud. chapter xxiv.— the end of the matter. . .chapter xxv— "i have no h us- band." chapter xxvi. —"at newnham . house. chapter xxvii.-back from the gates of death. ... chapter -xxviii.— madame cla rice's. establishment. 1 chapter xxix.-" it cannot be possible." chapter xxx— more delay. , chapter xxxi— the sound of lvpnnnrn UDTTO > U UjJiUUlJi chapter xxxii— what to do next? chapter xxxiii. — victor gal- > braith's child. chapter xxxiv— the baptism of 'tears. chapter xxxv— gertrude > be comes an heiress. chapter xxxvl — the second lover. chapter xxxvii. — «« > when he comes home." chapter xxxviii— homburg. - chapter xxxix— coming home. > chapter xl. — a quiet dinner party at heatherdale. chapter xli— "can you > blame me?" t chapter xl1i— the prophecy is fulfilled. chapter. xlhi. — the > crimson cross. chapter iv— continued, "Mercy upon us, .Zorah!" she in voluntarily exclaimed ; " what ails you? You look like a ghost !" " Dinna stop to speer," interrupted the old crone, " but open the door, for the time waxes awfu' short, and there is much, much to tell. I must win ben to the leddy." She would have put Ash by aside, but the maid held her ground reso lutely. "You cannot see Lady Bolton to night," she said, decidedly ; " she must not be disturbed. Come to-morrow or next week," "To-morroWj or next week !" echoed old Zorah, in a voice that was almost a scream. "Woman, what are ye, to talk to me about to-morrows, when I stand wi' one foot i' tho grave ? There is nae to-morrow for me 1 I maun speak my say while it is yet day, for the night cometh — the night, the night 1" Her voice had risen to a shrill shriek, which reached the'ears of Lady Bolton as she lay among her perfumed ! pillows. "I maun, - see the leddy," cried Zorali. " My time is short ; open the door, woman,- and be . quick." " "But yon can't seB her,'1 answered; Ashby, no less determinedly. " Do' you suppose she's to give audience to every old wife that goes ranting; through the country? Go home, .Zorah Stoneheart, and come again at a more fitting season." But Lady Bolton's gentle voice mierrupueci cne couoquy nere. " Let lior come in, Ashby ; let her see my babies. It, will be the third generation, of our family that she lias held ifr her arms. Come in, Zorah." '' Well, I never 1" ejaculated Ashby, under. her breath; but she unwillingly' stood aside to give admission to the bent figure, leaning heavily on' it's knobbed stick. Zorah Stoneheart tottered forward into the room with faltering and un- certain footsteps, while one trembling hand, raised high above her .head, gave her a startling resemblance to some weird prophetess of old. 'She passed by the slioll-sliapecl cradle with-; out seeming to sea it, but hurried for-; ward to the place where Lady Bolton lay, 'clutching at the carved foot-board- of the couch with her skinny, attenu ated fingers. "Oh, my leddy, my bonny Leddy Gertrude 1" she ; faltered, " dinna tak' it -to heart ! - Oh; bear ' it wi' a braw front, as one of the Boltons should. It's the Lord lias stretched out the thorny way be fore your feet, and we maun a' to sub mit to. His will. I'hao read it- in the; book o' the stars, and tliey canna speak fausq. . Oh, Lady Gertrude, my bonny bird, the Lord hae mercy on you ! It was better far that ye were lyin' dead, wi' your bairns upon your breast." Lady Bolton, struch dumb and speechless by tliis strange address, gazed at tho bent figure in terrified,! trembling silence; but Mrs. "Warren, the nurse, rushed forward and, caught Zorah by the arm. " Woman, are you crazy ? -Do you- want. to kill her?" — with a hurried in clination , of the head towards, the newly-mqrde mother. "Who let you in ? W'ho was mad enough to run such a /risk as this ?" . ''/ ' Buis Zorah, witli almost supernatural strength,' twitched her artri aivay. "Who are ye that would interrupt the :voice of the stars?" she cried, in a high cracked voice. "Behold, the, hour is upon me, and I maun speak that yrhich is put into my; -mouth. The t ones hae spoke to me that lie out side the veil — and am I to keep ; silenco ? Stand aside, I say — and let the leddy know her doom. For I am sent to toll her that " But a hand more mighty than nurse Warren's arrested tho flow of dark prophetic words. An asljjn shadow crept visibly across tho age-seamed face — a twitching, as of suclden agony, ran through tho muscles, and as if felled down by n mortal blow, Zorali Stoneheart sank, a senseless heap, to the floor. " It's paralysis," said the doctor, when lie was hastily summoned to tho caro of this hew patient. " But," with a troubled glance at Lady Bolton's pallid, disturbed face, " how came you to let her into this room? Have you all gone mad together, you women ?" .chapter v. OLD ZOIUIl's COTTAGE. ; ' \ The twin scions of, tho stately old houso of Bolton grow and prospered like fair lilies in the sunshine. One of them — the elder by a few minutes —was fair, witli tiny blue veins inter secting one another like a network of faint sapphire 'on hoi temples, skin like translucent mother of- pearl, and eyes of tho soft, melting blue of the liiid-day sky in .Tune — tho othor, on the contrary, was dark, with oyos of so deep a hazel that they were nearly black, and a skin touched with the clear' olive of a . more southern!' lati tude. Alike, yet dissimilar, they pre sented tho. strange medley of family resemblanco and, porsonal individu ality which sometimes puzzles tho closest student of humanity. Lady Bolton was never weary of watching their baby moods, and dreaming over their winsome little wavs. Her recovery was rather slow. owing, as the physicians asserted, to the shock she had received in old Zorah's startling words and sudden paralytic seizure — and when at length she was able to come down-stairs and enter upon the accustomed round of her daily life, the park and grounds that surrounded Bolton Hall were fresh with the vernal bloom of the maturing spring. The hedges shone waxen white with clustering flowers, the earlier roses tossed their crimson crests along the southern wall, and the slopes of tho deer-park were green with the velvet growth of the young season, while dandelions, springing up in every nook and corner, made tho sward look ' as if a rain of glistening gold had descended oil its fresh ex panse. . " Ashby," said' Lady Bolton to her maid, as she stood at her window one lovely morning in April, watching the fleecy clouds that dappled the deep blue of the firmament overhead, and breathing in the spring air as if every inspiration were a cordial — "how is old Zorah to-day ?" " Better, my lady, I have heard ; but still very low, as how could she help it .to be sure, and she close on a hundred years old?" " She does not leave her bed ?" " I believe not, my lady." " I Have a great mind," said Lady Bolton, slowly,' " to take the children clown to her cottage to-day, if it con tinues fine."-; . . "To old Zorah's cottage, my lady? Bless and save us 1" cried Ashby, in evident dismay. ' "Yes;' why not? My mother was born almost into Zorah's arms. She held me to her ly/east before I was an hour old ; somehow, I think it would seem almost like an inherited blessing if I could see her place her wrinkled old hands on the heads of my little darlings !" " Just as you please, my lady," said. Ashby , -doubtfully ; " but there's theiw as thinks no blessing can ever come with: old Zorah 1 She talks strangely, my lady, and sure it is she knows more than other folks. I hope she mayn't be in league with the Evil One, that's all!" "Nonsense," said Lady Bolton, good- humoredly. " I thought you, at least, were more sensible, Ashby ! Old Zorah is neither witch nor enchantress ; she is only a very old woman, and I shall take the children down to her cottage this afternoon. You can finish arranging those vases, Ashby, I am going to: the nursery." The - nursery was a large, light roernj in the south wing of tho hall, with its windows opening out on the .flower garden, and the interior fur nished like some casket, which was to hold the most precious jewels of all life's crown. The carpet was a velvet labyrinth of roses ; the chairs were of light bamboo, covered with snowy linen ; the pink-tinted walls were hung with choice pictures and classic en gravings, and little statuettes of bronze, alabaster, and parian marble, all representing the various phases of childhood for their subjects, stood around, for Lady Bolton's theory was to surround her babes, from the very dawn of their lives, with refining and ennobling influences. . The little ones were undergoing the elaborate process of their morning bath as Lady Bolton entered. One of them was lying on the lap of an undor- nurse, her tiny form wrapped in a blanket of embroidered flannel, ready for an immersion, the other was cooing and struggling under the brisk rubbing administered by Anna, the oliief of the infantine department. "I am just in time," said Lady Bolton, with a smile; "I have never seen my babies take their bath yet.' ' Anna, a woman of experience and judgment beyond her station, hastily started and changed her position, while a flush rose to her forohead. " Oli, my lady, I am sorry you pleased to come in just now." "What for ? Don't hide her away, Anna. Let me see my little dimpled cherub ; she won't take cold, the air of 'the room is oppressively wurrn." For a moment Anna held tight to her little charge, as if disposed to con- tost her mistress's right ; then, as if yielding to necessity, she laid the babe on Lady Bolton's lap, a rosy little crea ture,, witli limbs like tinted wax, and tiny hands grasping at the sunbeams in the air. But .Lady Bolton's cheek had grown j suddenly pale as she looked down on tho dimpled infant in her lap ; the hands she had folded round it seemed to fall nerveless and trembling ! For, full upon the breast of the nakedinfant, depressed and elevated by every one of its baby breaths, she saw for the first time a crimson cross ! " Give me tho other child, Sarah," she said to tho under nurse, who sat mutely staring; and her voice was low and strained. Sarah obeyed, and Lady Bolton, putting aside tho embroidered drapery of the darker child, saw that there was no fatal sign upon its velvet-soft breast. For an instant she sat' there, pale and motionless, -and then, laying tho crowing children back in Anna's out stretched arms, she rose and left the room. . Old Zorah's cottago was at the upper end of the little village, almost at the park gates — a humble, two- roomed tenement built of wood, and tho roof . thatched with straw. Over the wooden porch a luxuriant wood bine was trained, and a thrush's cage hung out where its feathered occupant could bask in tho warm sunshine of the April afternoon. Within the', cottage all was neat, but plain and scanty in tliQ oxtremest degree. The board floor was scoured white, and the one little window was veiled by a drapery of white cloth, while a fire blazed in the chimney to warm the chill blood of the aged woman, who lay opposite in her bed, her gray hairs brushed neatly back under the borders of a clean cap, ancl her face looking strangely still and corpse-like against the pillows, while her talon- like fingers were interlaced in one another across her breast. So IftV nlrl ornh Sfnnplipnrh wnifinor j — for the end. She had outlived her kith and kin, save the woman and child who were now in an insane institution, supported there through the kindness of Lady -Bolton ; she stood, as it were, on the outermost verge of time, waiting for the signal from tho unseen shore. She had lived through well nigh 100 years of toil, sorrow and vicissitude, and she knew now that the end was not far off. Thus she was lying when Lady Bol ton's pony phaeton drew up at the door, and the neighbor in charge — a kindly soul, of some 40 or 45 — ran curtseying out. "How is Zorah to-day, Mrs. Blane?" inquired Lady Bolton, as she alighted and stood waiting for the nurse to fol low with her little freight. " Oh, my lady, and thank you kindly, she's better in a way, and yet it's a way that frightens me. She lies so awful still like, and moans and mutters to herself, and sometimes, if. it wasn't for her eyes wide open, you'd think she was dead. But she'll be proud and grateful, my lady, to see you and the little babies, bless .their sweet faces 1 for it's a great honor you're doing the likes o' her, though, to be sure, she seems sort. o' to belong to the family at the hall. Please to walk in, my lady," added Mrs. Blane ; " it's a poor place, but it's clean." . Lady Bolton walked: up to the bedside and laid :hor slender, gloved hand on olcl'Zoraii's withered palm. "Zorah;" she said, gently, "I have brought my. little twin girls for yon to see." Zorah Stonehurst turned her glit- tei'ingeyes slowly towards Lady Bolton, without moving her head. " Ye're brawly welcome, Lacly Ger trude," she said, '.in her strange, cracked voice. " "I hope a's well w'ye .at the hall. And how's Sir Gilbert ? I mind the gay jingle o' wedding bells as if it were but yesterday.'' " "VVhist, woman, whist," whispered Mrs. Blane, into her dulled .ear. " Yo've forgot. Don't you see the widow's cap and the black robes that my. lady wears?" " Come close to ine,' Lady Ger trude," pursued Zorali, apparently neither hearing nor heeding the' chiding voice of her . neighbor. " Let me' feel the touch of your wee hand in mine — dinna be feared." Lady Bolton drew nearer to the bedside, stooping over, so that the heavy crape folds of her veil almost touched Zorah's coverlid. " I was never afraid of you, Zorah,'' she said, in an accent of kindly pity. " Tell me, is there anything I can do for you, before — — " But. Zorah held, up ... her .crooked yellow finger, as if to . command, in stantaneous silence. " Hush," she cried. , " Was it a bairn's voice I heard? My auld ears are gettin' confused, and whiles I hear strange sounds, but I could ha' took took - my Bible oath it was the piping o' a young wean. Wha . bring a wean under the shadow o' auld Zorah's roof-tree? I that lme seen three generations rise and fa'. But it's a past now — a' past and gone." ' Lady Bolton took tho children from the nurso's careful arms, and laid them on Zorah's bed, close to her hand. " They are my children, Zorah," she said, with a mother's conscious pride and happiness, " my little twin babe3." chapter vi. the prophecy. " And eh, but they're bounio," cried Mrs,Blano,nsthedimpled, fearless little creatures lay looking round, apparently quite undismayed by tho new vicinage in which- they found themselves. But old Zorah raised herself on her elbow, and then fell back with a stifled cry as her eyes fell on the infants. "Oh, talc' them awa, tak' them awn," she cried. " It's Cain and Abel over again, jusjv us it cam'; to; pass-, in the auld; days. The blood of the one red upon the hand of the other. I see it oriiiisoning a' the air. They suld na. lie .side' by side; they, sulci, na lay touch on and anither.. Oh, that baith suld be the children of 'one hour ancl one mother. Wao' is me, wae is me, for what's written and maun come to pass." " Zorah, Zorah," cried Lady Boltoii| fairly appuljecl by the vehemence of Zovali's, manner,: and tho.-torrible im- port of her words, " What do you mean 1" But Zorah's mood of prophetic violence seemed to have died away. Her uplifted hand fell on tho velvet palm of little Gertrude, the fairer child of tlie two — tho baby's tiny lingers closed on it as if the claw-like fingers had been a toy to play with, and she spoke on, looking straight before her, as if she saw and heard nothing of the immediate persons and objects which surrounded her couch. Lady Bolton listened breathlessly, nltliougli lior in spirations came short and fast, and a deadly chill of terror grasped at her heart. " Hush," whispered Mrs. Blane, as Anna was about indignantly to re claim the twin, " it's the hour has come on her. Whist, yo'll hear awsome words, if ye'll but bide quiet" Lacly Bolton, by a motion of her hand, confirmed Sophy Blano's words, and Anna' withdrew rather unwil lingly. " I seethe shadows roll awa frae the years that lie afar' off," said Zorali, speaking like one in a dream. " I see the veil lifted up, and to- morrow be- comos to-day, and yesternight be comes like a dream. ICen ye na that when one of our race stands on the threshold of her hundreth year, the scales fa' frae her een, and she sees mair than mortal gaze can look upon ? ' Tho stars' in their courses fought against Sisera— they fought from heaven. O my soul, thou hast trodden down strength ! 1 Did na I read it in the stars, what said the houses o' the stars ? The children o' ane mither, sundered by sea and land. Oh, my puir bairns — the sun will gang clown while it is yet flnv rlnvtrnriArl lifa ond a cknnn o nrl sudden death of ane o' em — ane o' em to blight the young days o' the other. Better far that they had died and never seen the light o' day." Lady Bolton stood, pale and trans fixed, as it were, at these awful words. Her very lips were white, her limbs trembled, so that she could scarcely stand. "Zorah!" she cried, as the old woman paused, apparently from ex haustion, " tell me which of my child ren " The wrds died away on her quiver ing lips — she had not strength to utter them. , Zorah lifted both her trembling hands, groping in the air, as if to reach some object which eluded her vision. Lady Bolton took the poor wandering hands and guided them back to the vicinity of the two children. For a moment they groped aimlessly about, and then fell — Lady Bolton could not tell whether with or without design- on Gertrude's lily-fair forehead. " The Lord hae mercy on her — for all his waves an' billows will go over her head," she muttered.. Lady Bolton caught her hand away. "Zorah," she cried, "tell me more. Do not leave me in the darkness. For heaven's sake, explain yourself 1" " The hour is past," Zorah uttered, slowly, " I canna see mair — the thick darkness is come again. Oh, leave me my . lane— dinna weary wi' your clavers the ear that will soon be silent for aye." ; " Zorah,'' cried the scandalised Sophy, " it's my lady ye are talking to." . ' ' " There are no lords or leddies in the land I'm ganging to," Zorah answered. ""We're alike in the sight of' Him. Gang awn, I say — gang awa — I'll speak nae mair the day. Canna ye hae mercy on a dying woman ? " : "Zorah," pleaded Lady Bolton's agitated voice, "for the sake of my mother, and my mother's- mother, whom you loved and were faithful to, tell me more." This appeal seemed to reach the aged crone's dulled senses, when all else had failed. " Yes, Lady Gertrude.'' she said, "I'll tell ye mair, but na the day. My heid is confused like, anrl mv heart; is sair, sair wearied. Na the day — did na I tell ye the hour was past." "To- morrow, then, Zorah?" . " Aye — the morn's morn, an' ye will," .Zorah made answer.''. "I wad fain sleep the noo." . 1 She closed her. eyes, ancl seemed to sink into something' that was more like .a stupor than sleep. ; Lady Bolton signed , to Anna- to take the infants out to the carriage, and she. herself followed, after a, little talk with Mrs. Blane, to whom she gave money as she spoke. . "See that she has every care," said Lady Bolton. "It cannot last very long now, poor old- creature.'' "And a blessing it'll be to . herself and every one else when the Lord takes her home," said Sophy Blane. " My lady, is it true she's past her hundredth year > '» " I do . not know certainly," Lady Bolton replied. " I know that she' is far, far past the ordinary age Of humanity— she was a very old woman, apparently as bent and feeble as she is now, when I cqn first remember her." ' "And, my lady," added Mrs. Blane,. humbly, as Lady Bolton turned from her to enter the carriage, " you won't let her idle talk worry you ? She s a fearsome old creature, for sure, but who thinks twice about the wander ings of a dying woman ? " Lady Bolton did not answer, but a slight muscular contraction- flitted across her face as she drew the car riage robe over her dress and took tho reins from the hand of tlie. waiting groom. ' \ " I never heard such a farrago of : nqriseiise in hiy life, my lady," cried Anna, indignantly, " It'll lie a good thing when the old crone is dead, and past doing any more mischief with her tongue." " Hush, Anna," said Lady Bolton, gently, "she has been an old and faithful servant to our family in her day." . . , . "But you don't bolieve it, my lady , — -the idea of one of these blessed children harming the other 1 "Why, its just, so to speak, impossible !" "We won't say anything more about it, Anna," said Lady Bolton, quietly. " Fold the shawl closer over Aurora's shoulders — there, that is right 1 Wo shall soon bo home now, ancl I'm glad of it', for I should not like to have tho babies out after sunset." " There is not much dew as yet, my lacly ; and the air is as mild as June." " It is best to be on the safe side for all that, Anna," said Lady Bolton, lightly touching the cream-colored ponies with -her whip. Gertrude Bolton slept but little that night. Long after 9 — Anna and Sarah and their little charges were fast asleep and clreanflhg — she crept noise lessly into thenursery, with hordrossing- robe wrapped closely around her, and stole like a white spectre tothesideof tho cradle where they lay side by side, like half-open rosebuds, their fair cheeks flushed with sleep, and their coral lips half apart, tho perfect embodiment of tho highest type of infantino beauty. " My darlings 1" she murmured, as she sank on her knees beside the cradle, and bent so close that their balmy breath stirred tho rings of hair upon her brow. "My priceless treasures, if my heart's blood could smooth the pathway your feet are destined to tread through life, how gladly would I shed it for your, dear sakos ?" As she rose to her feet she stood for ' one moment, pale, trembling and un certain ; then, stooping again, she cautiously turned buck tho covering, and, unbuttoning the gold studs that fastened tho daintily- embroidered night-robe oil little Gertrude's breast, looked for an instant with a sort of fncniunfian an ttio adIiiicaa cross which was visible in the faint glimmer of the nursery lamp. " Thy seal and signet, O Lord !" she gasped under her breath. " Thou, who hast said ' I will visit the sins of tho fathers upon tho children, unto the third and fourth generations,' oh, be merciful unto these little helpless ones, Thy helpless lambs, who aro never to know the blessings of a father's love!" (TO BE CONTINUED.) 