LOVE CONQUERS ALL. cnaPTlE n (cOUTINUrD.) "You are my own Ella," exclaimed the colonel with moistened eyes with all his fire and courago ho had after all the heart of a child. "But let me understand you perfectly. You are quite certain you go into this matter freely, and without the slightest arrbirepin'ee.'? I don't seek to pry into your affairs, my child; but have you no tender passion- no feeling that if you gave encouragement to any body else it would be-or- urnm-more congenial to your-or-tastes ? Mr. Blatchford is, I have no doubt, a very estimable man, and certainly e-nor mously rich, but personally he is not quite the husband I should have liked for my Ella. Now if you have the least compunction of conscience tell me at once, because, much as it would wring my heart, Dylstone should go rather than that your happiness should be sacrificed." "I have already told you, papa," said Ella calmly, "that I am quite free, and that I do this thing will ingly and of my own.choice." "Then, my dear, I say no more, and you have my blessing. You have taken a load off my mind, my darling." And Colonel Staumore, rising from his chair, bent over his daughter and kIieed her forehead. "Then let us say no more about the matter, papa." As she spoke the door of the drawing room opened, and a tall stately lady whose likeness to the colonel was too pronounced to doubt of their close relationship, entered. "It is four o'clock, Ella, my dear. We dine at five to- day, you remem ber." "Yes, aunt." "Our visitor will be here shortly. Had you not better dress ? " "Does it matter ? Do you really think Mr. Blatchford can detect the difference between a morning and an evening dross ? " "That is not the point, my dear. These little things are a part of our duty towards ourselves and to wards society. They have no refer ence to any particular individual." "I am much obliged to you for pointing out the distinction, aunt. Had I to dress for the sole purpose of captivating Mr. Blatchford I really don't think my hands would have obeyed me. Of course if it is a duty, that is another matter altogether." And carelessly placing the book on the small table by her side, she rose with a haughty grace and left the room, Miss Jane Staumore, her aunt, at the same time passing out of the window to join her brother. "Well, Geoffrey, is it all settled ? "I think so, Jane. Ella has made no objection; indeed, she takes the matter remarkably coolly. By the way, women confide in each other more than they do in men. Is it really true what she tells me, that she has no prior affection of any kind?" "I have no doubt she speaks the truth, brother. I do not keep much company, and have never seen any body or heard her mention anyone for whom she is likely to have had a fancy." " She is a singular girl," mused the colonel. "It all comes from her living so much alone," said Miss Jane. "Do pend upon it there is nothing like healthy employment. Where should I have been if I had not taken up church work?" "Of course," half groaned Colonel Stanmore, for he had learnt by experi .nce when his sister began to talk about church work she never knew when to leave off. " Still I look upon the match as an exceedingly good one, for although Mr. Blatchford is not exactly a gentle man he is so wealthy that Ella will be one of the richest women in England. Of course you will insist upon his sottling a good sum upon his wife ?" " Of course, Jane ; of course. What do you think now it should be ?" "Not less than two hundred and fifty thousand pounds," said Miss Stanmore solemnly. "What, a quarter of a million? Why, the man will think that I be lieve him to be made of money." "And so he is. My dear Geoffrey, when a man's in love so desperately as Mr. Blatchford in he will do any thing. You take my word." " Umn. Well, we can but come down if he thinks it too much. We dine at five to-day, do we not? It's half past four now. I have just time to dress in comfort." And the old colonel loisurely eaun tered into the house, and proceeded to his room to make his toilet. In a quarter of an hour Mr. Blatch ford arrived. le was shown into the drawing- room, where in about five minutes' time the colonel joined him. They had met once before, and of course needed sn introduction. Colonel Stanmoro began with a few words of small-talk about the weather, which the other passed un heeded. " Colonel," said he; "I came hero with the intention of having five minutes' conversation with you." "By all means, my dear sir. But let us wait until after dinner. We can talk over matters so much more comfortably." Mr. Blatehford took out his watch. "You dine at five, I think," said he. " Yes." "It wants now eight minutes to the hour. There is plenty of time to say everything, as far as I am concerned. Colonel, I am a plain man, and I need not stop to choose my words. I love Miss Ella-your daughter." "My sister has mentioned some thing of the kind to me," murmured the colonel, "I know the disparity of our ages. I am forty-eight, and I cannot look for the love which she would bestow upon a younger man. But I can wait, and if we are married she shall never have reason to complain of my devo lion." Ugly and coarse as Mr. Blatchford nudoubtedly was, there was a kind of sough oloquence about him that ap pealed to the colonel's nature. "I have reason to believe that ay daughter looks favourably upon your suit," observed Colonel Stanmore with some deliberation. "And so far as I am concerned I have no objec tion." Mr. Blatchford's dull eye gleamed for a moment with something like fire. "That is well. Thenou lot us corno to business. I propose to settle upon Miss Ella if she becomes my wife the sum of three hundred thousand pounds." " Mr. Blatchford-" began the colonel. "You are not satisfied? Well, perhaps you are right. I will make it half-a-million." " You are very generous, Mr. Blatchford," gasped the colonel, his breath almost taken away by the mag nificence of the sum. " I am more than satisfied, I assure you." "Very good. Then it is settled. Two minutes to five. We have not wasted any words, I think." "I can say for myself that I never saw any military movement executed with more promptitude; and you know, Mr. Blatchford, in the army we pride ourselves upon our decision." " It is just as necessary in business. With me it is always yes or no." "In affairs of the heart it is usual to be more deliberate." "I have not had much experience in that way," was the reply. " He certainly is rather abrupt," thought the colonel as, after the gong had sounded, he preceded Mr. Blatch ford to the dining-room. "But I suppose it is the way with these busi ness men. Half-a-million I Why, a tenth part of the sum will be sufficient to clear Dylstone, and set me on my legs again." It was curious to see the influence which Ella's mere presence had over this rugged and uncouth man. She felt his hand tremble when she touched it with her cool fingers in an apology for a shake of the hand, and she knew perfectly well that though her pulse was not a quarter of a beat the faster his was galloping at lightning speed. The dinner was an affair of dulness and ceremony. Ella said little, and did not trouble herself in the least to talk to Mr. Blatchford. The latter apparently found sufficient occupation for his energies in gazing at his fiancee, and his remarks were principally con fiued to monosyllables. Colonel Stan more, however, was in good spirits at the prospect of being rid of the mill stone which had hung so long round his neck, and unfolded from an inex haustible store plenty of stirring inci dents of his Indian experience, which filled up pretty well the gaps in the conversation. In the evening Ella played and sang, and submitted to the devotion of her huge admirer with tolerable grace. At one period her father and aunt discovered an extraordinary in terest in the garden, and withdrew, leaving Ella and the contractor alone. Both seemed to divine intuitively that the crucial moment had come; but for once in his life Mr. Blatch ford's boasted decision of character deserted him. His throat was parched,his handstrembled, anddrops of perspiration stood on his wrinkled and seamed brow. "Miss Stanmore-" he began, and then stopped. He was leaning awkwardly against the piano, in front of which she was seated, having just played one of Chopin's waltzes, which, to Mr. Blatchford, was about as intelligible as a performance on the tom-tom. " Yes, Mr. Blatchford," she said, raising her eyes calmly to his face, and knowing full well the cause of his emotion. "I want to say something to you. I am ugly in face and rough in my ways, I know, but you can trust me perhaps better than some of them whipper-snapper follows. Maybe you guess what I am going to oask you. Women-I mean ladies, are quick enough in these matters they say. Will you-" here it seemed as though he had swallowed something that had stuck in his throat-" be my wife." At last it was out, and there he stood, with a despairing look on his face, awaiting her answer. Despite all herself- possession,now that thepro posal she had anticipated had come, it had a visible effect upon her. Her face was perfectly colourless even to her lips as she replied, without raising her eyes from the music, " If you wish it, Mr. Blatchford." The blood rushed to his cheeks and forehead, dyeing them crimson, the veins of his temples standing out like cordage. "It's very kind of you to say that, Miss Stanmore; but I don't want it to be entirely as I wish. I've no right to expect anything of the kind, I know; but it would give me a sort of encouragement if you could say that you wished it too." "Very well, then, Mr. Blatchford, if you please, I wish it." And there was not the least tremor in her voice as she uttered the words. He looked at her doubtingly and fingered his massive watch-chain. What a contrast they presented: she all grace and charm, he rugose, awkward, almost repellent. "I never cared for women until I saw you. You have turned me from a money-making machine into a man. People think I have no feeling, no heart. By heaven, give moths chance and they shall see !" He spoke with a sudden fierceness and with a glitter in his eye that startled Ella. This man, after all, loved in his own fashion-a love that like anything he took in hand con sumed his whole being. Josiah Blatchford was a man who could not do things by half. He could prevent himself falling in love by sheer foreo of will; but once having declared his passion it hurried him along in spite of himself. "I have spoken to your father, Miss Steamoro, and he has given his consent. I have brought something which 1 thought might-" And fumbling in his pocket he drew forth a diamond ring, whose dazzling sparkle attested the purity and vwlue of the stones, and handed it to her. She took it without "a word and placed it on her finger. It was as though she had placed her hand to paper and signed her life away. Josiah Blatchford and Ella Stan more were engaged. CHAPTER III. Be at Fern Lodge, Clapham Common, at ton. Wedding breakfast. JonN SM.IIt. So ran the contents of a note ad dressed to " Mr. David Tumbrill, \- Street, Clare Market." Mr. David Tumbrill has altered consider ably since we last saw him on the Scottish border, and it cannot be said that the change has been for the bet tor. He is stouter at the region of the waist, and his face has an un healthy puffnoss about it, which, com bined with certain inflammatory symptoms about the nose and a watoryness in the eyes, indicate with tolerable certainty a partiality for alcoholic drinks. Somehow things had not gone well with Mr. Tumbrill. His attempt to convert the Robert Bruce from a humble inn to an hotel for tourists turned out a complete failure and re sulted in his having to perform the journey known as going throdgh the insolvent court. Then he came up to London, and tried hie hand at a coffee shop at Poplar; but after having been in the alcoholic line he could not bring himself to feel comfortable among "' non- intoxicants," and one fine night, just before quarter-day, he suddenly disappeared and was heard of no more, so far as the unfortunate land lord of the coffee-shop was concerned. At the present time he was picking up a livelibood as an "extra" waiter, and could have got a permanent en gagement had he been able to keep it; but laziness and love of gin com bined were found to be incompatible with habits of business, and the con sequence was that his earnings were very precarious. Just now he was in particularly bad straits, for he had only just come out of the hospital after a severe attack of erysipelas, the result of drink and catching cold, and he had literally not a penny to bless himself with. The summons, therefore to attend in a professional capacity at the wedding breakfast at Clapham was particularly welcome. He had fortunately not parted with a waiter's stock-in-trade his suit of black, white necktie, and shirt-front-and thus arraying him self, he set off on his engagement. While Mr. Tumbrill is pursuing his way on foot (for he had no money to ride) from Clare Market to Clapham, let us take a stroll down Oxford-street, selecting for our company two young men who have just met each other, and are leisurely sauntering on the shady side of the way. " Where the deuce are you off to, Hobson 2 You look, with your new frock coat, light continuations, lavender gloves, and rosebud, as if you were going to be married," asked one, a tall, handsome fellow, broad-chested, sunburnt, and with a flowing beard and moustache. "You're not far out,Bob. Next door to it. I'm going to a wedding, and a swell affair it promises to be." "By Jove I I wish I were going too." "Why, I thought only women oared for those things. I think them an awful bore." "So do I in a general way. But the fact is, the Illustrated Satirist people want me to do a page of social sketches every week, and they've taken into their confounded heads to pitch upon a fashionable wedding for the first subject. Now of course I've read descriptions of weddings by the score, but it's so much better to do it from actual life. Unfortunately, I've never been to a fashionable wedding, and don't know any fashionable people who want to be married." "You soon will then. That pic ture of yours in the Academy is a tremendous success, and will make you a name." "I want it badly enough. I've not done very much in England in spite of my eight years' hard work in Italy and France." "Don't be in a hurry, old man. It'll come, you take my word for it. In the meantime you want bread and cheese, and you want a fashionable wedding. I can give you the second, and that will give you the first." " Well I but I am not invited," ob jected the artist. " Leave it all to me. If you're a friend of mine, that will be eumfioient. The only thing is, you can't go in those togs. Felt hat, brown (and may I add, rusty) velveteen coat, and baggy trousers are deucedly comfort able, but scarcely acceptable at a wedding. Haven'tyou got a suit any thing like these 2" and Mr. Hobson pointed with some self-satisfaction to his well- fitting coat, and his trousers falling with secarcely a wrinkle over his patent leathers. " Deuce a bit," was the laconic res ponse. "I can cover the nakedness of the land with an ulster, but I sup pose that would be no more admis sible than the velveteen." "Well, it would be rather hard on you this sultry July morning. Look here, we're both of a size; I'll lead you a coat and bags that will do." "Right. Only I don't promise you that I shall display them to the advan tage which their proper owner would. When I am dressed in anything but my old velveteen I feel like the tradi tional hog in armour." " Don't worry yourself about your feelings, Bob, but come. We have not a moment to lose if we intend to be in time. The wedding is to be at the church at eleven." They were not more than ten minutes' walk from Cavendish-square, where Mr. Hobson lived, and in leso than half-au-hour's time they were in a hansom bowling at a good pace towards the church where the wedding was to take place, the artist inwardly and outwardly growling at the un accustomed feeling of his hands, eased as they were in closest-fitting kid gloves, and of his head encircled by that abomination of nineteenth cen tury civilisation-the stove-pipe hat. " Who are the happy pair ?" asked the young man addressed as "Bob " by his companion. " Old Blatchford's the bridegroom. You've heard of Josiah Blatchford, the great contractor, haven't you ?'I "Pity my ignorance and my long absence from my native shore. I have never-to my shame I confess it-heard of the name before." " Why, he'e one of the biggest capi talists in England. Everything he touches turns to gold. That just reminds me. You must be introduced to him. It's the fashion for rich men to go in now-a-days for art, and the less they know about it the better for the artist." "You mean that these patrons are open to buy any amount of pot- boilers, and give for them the prices of master pieces ? " "Exactly." "Then I'd rather not be introduced to him, Jack, thank you," said the artist dryly. "Pooh I Don't be an ass. What does it matter who buys your pictures so long as you get your price ?" "I dare say you're right,but I can't bring myself to agree with you. Re turning to our muttone, who is the blushing bride ? " Mr. Hobson paused for a moment. "By the Lord Harry, this is the drollest thing I have heard of for some time. 'Pen my word I don't know her name. Old Blatahford gave me and the governor invitation cards. We do all his stockbroking business, you know; our commission comes to a pretty handsome sum every year, I can tell youn; and it never occurred to me to ask. Perhaps the card says." But the card simply invited Mr. John Hobson to Fern Lodge, Clapham Common, and no names were men tioned. "It's of no consequence. There'll be an awful lot 'of people there, and nobody will bother themselves about us. By the way, you'd better take your card. You'll have to pass as Mr. Thomas Hobson." "Why didn't your father go ?" "The old man has a touch of his favourito gout and he's afraid of the champagne. So mush the better, because I've been able to do you a good turn, Bob. But here we are at the church. By Jove, look at the crowd I" Mr. John Hobson might well make the remark, for around the porch, in the churchyard, and on the pavement, swarmed the populaced; mostly consist ing of women and children, with a considerable dash of the butcher and greengrocer boy of the neighbourhood. Half-a-dozen policemen in clean cot ton gloves in honour of the occasion kept the passage tolerably clear, and Hobson and his friend had no difficulty in making their way across the carpet which had been laid down from the roadway to the church-door. "We're late," whispered Hobson. "The service has begun." " It's of no consequence," returned the other. " Ican see enough of the altar for my purpose." They found the church crammed to suffocation. Every pew and every aisle, save the one leading from the chancel to the side door through which the" bride entered, were choked with spectators. There were no galleries besides a small one in which stood the organ, and here a few spicially favoured visitors had stationed them selves. It is not every day that a millionaire of millionaires is married, and the admiring public had evidently determined to do hcnonr to the occa sion. A real live bishop, "assisted " by the revs,-half-a-dozen in number, their names are of no consequence had been secured to perform the cere mony, and his unctuous accents were floating through the church, enjoining the couple before him that if either of them knew any impediment why they might not be lawfully joined together in matrimony they were now to con fess it. The artist found plenty' of material for the employment of his pencil, and sheltering himself behind a pillar was soon busy with his note-book. He was so absorbed with his task that he was surprised when Hobson touched him on the shoulder and said it was all over. And as he spoke the jubilant strains of the Wedding March, for which brides and bridegrooms owe a debt of eternal gratitude to Mendels sohn, burst forth, and he could just catch a glimpse of the bride's veil as her husband conducted her to the vestry, there to go through the usual formalities. " Shall we walk to the house or go in one of the carriages ? There'll be plenty of them, take my word for it," asked Hobson. His companion shrugged his shoul ders. "I leave it to you, Hobson. You know far more about what is the pro pcr thing to do than I. I tell you what I should like, though. Just to make our way to the west door and wait for the bride passing out. I should like to make a sketch of her, either full face or in profile. I am rather hazy in my notions as to the veil." "All right. We shall have time to work our way down this aisle before she comes from the vestry." But he was wrong. Everybody seemed to have the same wish as the artist, and they were soon firmly wedged by the passing throng in a narrow passage in the centre of the church, and unable to move either backward or forward, It was useless of thinking of reaching the west door, and the two resigned themselves to their fate. In a few minutes' time the pressure became leos, for the bride and bride groom had left the church, and the chief attraction gone the crowd began to disperse. The two friends made their way to the door, waited until a carriage was at their disposal, and jumping in, were soon whirled to Fern Lodge. "Pity you didn't see the bride in her veil. When you wore intent upon sketching the face of that fussy pew opener I caught a capital view. I tell you what, Bob, old Blatchford has good taste. She's a msignificent crea ture. Can't be more than half his agc though." "His money has bought her, I sup pose. The old story." "Probably, but it's no affair of ours. A good luncheon's very much more to the purpose." The artist made no reply, and for a few moments remained absorb?d in his own thoughts, rousing himself only when thebo carriage turned into the swooeep in front of the house. They had to wait a minute or so while the carriage in front of them dis charged its freight, and then they fol lowed suit. " Straight through, gentlemen, if you please," said a portly major domeo at the doors. And following the direction indicated by the fat fore finger of this important individual, the two young men passed through the spacious hall into the garden beyond, where on the lawn a huge marquee, with its striped canvas and flaunting flags, presented a gay sight. The wedding guests were strolling about in all directions, introducing and being introduced, and with the brightly-coloured parterres, the fresh green of the well-kept lawn, the bril liant sun, and the blue sky, presented a picture of animation which the young artist thoroughly enjoyed. "What a charming combination of colours. It neede the pencil of a Watteau to do justice to the grouping. Really, Hobson, I'm awfully, obliged to you for-" He stopped suddenly and looked in tently at a group of three, standing half-a-dozen yards away from them. " Who is that soldierly-looking man ? Do you know, Hobson ?" "What; the old fellow with the white hair and moustache ?" "Yes." "Never saw him before. We can find out who he is if you particularly want the information." "I should be obliged if you would. He reminds me strangely of someone I used to know years ago," replied the artist reflectively. "All right. Hallo, there's an old party who can tell us." And leaving his companion' still gazing intently at the little group, Mr. Hobson hastened across the gravel walk to a stout florid gentleman with sandy whiskers, a blue coat, and a white waistcoat, who was talking loudly and laughing noisily in the centre of a group of admiring young ladies. Mr. Tallboys was a bachelor and an indispencable guest at all wedding-breakfasts. He was such " good company," "kept everything alive," and was always selected to propose the health of the bridesmaids because he was "such a capital hand at making people laugh." To him, then, Mr. Hobson ad dressed himself, and in a few minutes came back to his companion. "That's Colonel Staumore, the father of the bride. Hallo, what's the matter, Bob ?" For the young man gave a start, and stared with distended eyes as though he had seen a ghost. " The father of the bride 1" he re peated. "Then is the bride Ella Stanmore ?" " Of course she is-so Tallboys says. You don't know her, do you ?" Something of his companion's face made Jack Hobson wish he hadn't been so hasty in asking the question. Whether the other heard it or not, he did not however know, for the artist said nothing in reply. " Would you take it unkind, Jaok, if I did not stay to this breakfast?" he asked after a pause. "Of course not, old man. Look here, it's no affair of mine of course, and I don't say anything to you for the purpose of pumping you about something which don't concern me, but if you've any disinclination to meet anybody here, don't consider me, but do just as you like. Of course I'm sorry to lose your com pany, for I know so few here, but go, of course, if you feel inclined." The other stood irresolute, and then said slowly : "I've altered my mind, Jack. I'll stay." " All right," replied Mr. Hobson, and he adroitly turned the conversa tion, for he saw plainly enough that something had upset his companion. They strolled about for several moments, the artist making but few observations in reply to the remarks of Mr. Hobson, and then, on hearing the summons for the "dejewnay," as the waiters called it, they walked towards the tent. Most of the knowing people, those who have a weakness for the best of everything on the table, had preceded them, and the marquee was already half full. They took two seats which were near the door, the artist declining, on the invitation of one of the waiters, to go higher up, and so be nearer the bridegroom. " What a curious race waiters are," remarked Mr. Hobson. "It's always a mystery to me where they get their coats from. Do you think they ever have them made on purpose ? And it's awfully droll, too, if you're in the habit of going to many public dinners, how you meet the same fellows, till you begin almost to include them in the list of your acquaintances. Now that old fellow who asked you if you wouldn't like to go a little higher I know by sight quite well. I've met him at least a dozen times, and hs knows I always give him a shilling. He looked confoundedly hard at you, too, Bob, as if he recognised an old friend." "Did he P " was the artist's care less reply. "Yes. I'm hanged if ho's not staring at you again." With his thoughts far away the young man turned his eyes towards the waiter indicated by Jack Hobson. "Good heavens I " he ejaculated. "What does this mean? How strange I " " What's strange ? " asked Hobson. "I do know that follow, and if I'm not very much mistaken heknowsme." As his eye caught the man's, the latter (the man not the eye) ap proached, and bending down said in a whisper: " Mr. Knight, if I ain't mistaken." "You're not, and, if my eyes tell me the truth, you're David Tumbrill." "The same, sir. Rather the wues for wear, but otherwise the same. It's a come-down for me, having bin used to keep a house of my own, ain't it, sir ? But how's the world with you, sir? You look a bit older since I saw you last. Still I should have knowed you among a thousand in spite ofthetlong beard. You'll pardon me speaking so familiar like-I can't forget old times -but this is a rum go." "What do you mean ?" said Robert Knight, with a tinge of fierceness in his tones. "Why you, and me, and Miss Ella -leastways, Mrs. Blatchford as she now is-all a-meeting again the same day, ain't it ?" And Mr. Tumbrill lshot a curiously cunning look out of the corners of his watery eyes. Robert Knight had too good a com mand over his features to betray any emotion, though had the truth been told David Tumbrill's words had pierced him like a dagger. He did not reply, and David at the same moment receiving some order from his superior in command, the con versation ceased. A slight buzz and hum announced the entry of the newly-married pair. Clutching the pole which supported the canvas roof, Robert Knight stood up with the rest of the company, and the grip of his right hand on the wood-n grip so tight that the tendons of the fingers stood out in little ridges at the back of the hand-alone attested the conflicting emotions which were surg ing through his breast like the waves of the sea. Was it strange that his mind went back some eight years to the little inn on the Scottish border, to the romance of his boyhood; a romance which, despite all the vicissitudes of fortune. despite the battlings with the world in the race after fame and wealth, his memory kept ever fresh. Who can say what hope, what de sire, he had nursed in his heart through those long years of struggles and hard work ? Was there ever pre sent in all his trials and rebuffs one face which cheered him on, and bid him take courage, and press towards. the goal of ambition and reward after toil? If he had ever indulged in such wild day-dreams, then bitter indeed must have been his disappointment, and those cheers which greeted hus band and wife must have sounded in his ears the death-knell of his hopes of future happiness. But no one could have found in his impassive features any olue to his emotions. Perhaps even he had sum med up in that brief moment, in the inexorable logic of facts, that he had but been resting in a fool's paradise, and that after all this shattering of his castle in the air was only what he could have expected. Still, fate might have been kinder to him, and spared him the anguish of that moment. Had he heard that Ella had been married-well, he could have borne the intelligence with equanimity, but the sight of her had kindled the ashes of his love only to scatter them once more to the winds. She had grown more beautiful, far more beautiful. He had sufficient calmness to note that. But her beauty was the beauty of the statue, without heart, without animation. What a contrast to the burly, coarse-looking man whom she had chosen for her partner for life. It is doubtful, if his feelings could have been analysed, whether Robert Knight was not more forcibly impressed by this contrast than by the blow which he himself had received. "And it has come to this," he mut tered. " She has sold herself to the highest bidder. Is there really aught of faith in purity in womankind ?" There was a fierce light in his eyes as he eat down, and in the poignancy of his emotion he returned some savage answer to the unfortunate waiter who had at this unlucky crisis inquired whether he would take thick or clear turtle-soup. There is but a step from the sub lime to the ridiculous, and the next moment the utter absurdity of the conjunction of blighted love and turtle-soup struck him so forcibly that he could have roared with laughter. The sudden reaction and the effort he made to control himself did him good. "Here," said he to the alarmed waiter, " bring me some clear soup." And the man, thinking he had a choleric individual whom it were best not to offend, executed the order with a celerity which was perfectly marvellous. But it was not the turtle-soup for which Robert Knight cared at that moment. The iced champagne was a much more potent soother of his sorrows, and with a slightly unsteady hand he poured out a tumbler and drank it at a draught. "Gently," whispered Hobson, who noticed this acnotion and marvelled somewhat, knowing the habitual ab stemiousness of the artist. "Ther mometer's at eighty in the shade, and we've a long programme of edibles and potables to go through." "Bah I " laughed Robert with a peculiar laugh which somehow grated on his companion's ears, "Nothing will hurt me to-day. I'd defy even that old whisky of yours, if it were mixed by the evil one himself." "Bob," said the other quietly, something upset you to-day. You're not yourself, old man. Take my advice and leave the Roederor alone." " You need not be afraid, I shall be as mild as any sucking dove, and allow myself to be dosed with the milk-and-water platitudes with the patience of Job. This is a day, Jack, I shall never forget, and I mean to enjoy myself." And he swallowed another glass of champagne despite the troubled look which came into Jack Hobson's face. "One doesn't want to be able to see far into a millstone to guess what's the matter with Bob. Who the deuce could have imagined he had been acquainted with Mies Stanmore-I beg her pardon, Mrs. Blatchford," mused Mr. Hobson. "I hope to goodness he won't make an ass of himself. He's in just the mood. I'd better get him away directly after the luncheon." In spite however of the quantity he drank and the little he ate, Robert Knight did not show much change in his demeanour. The fact was his whole nervous system had been so highly wrought that the champagne hald scarcely any effect on him, and in reality le was as cober as Jack Hob non himself. He perhaps talked a little more than was his wont, and in a sarcastic strain which was not common to him, but this was the only thing noticeable. In the meantime the wodding break fast proceeded. Under the mellifluous influence of champagne the guests laughed, and talked, and flirted and enjoyed themselves to their hearts' content. Perhaps the most silent couple there were the principal actors -the newly-married pair. Mr. Blatch. for dhad the misfortune to be seated opposite the bishop, and the influenoe of the high dignitary of the ehurch seemed to have overpowered him, for he said hut little, and then only in monosyllables. Mrs. Blatohford re plied to any observation which was made to her, but her manner was cold and repellent, and under such cireon. stances anything like conversation was impossible. There is no need to repeat what wan said in the speeches. Wedding-break. fast harangues are all very much alike, and there was nothing remarkable in those made at Fern Lodge, cave and except that they were highly laudatory of Mr. Josiah Blatchford, as though the possessor of no many millions had done a particularly meritorious notion in condescending to be married. Mr..Blatohford's speech in reply to the toast of himself and his wife sur. prised everyone. It was short, to the point, and thoroughly in earnest. $e did not boast, as he might have done, of his having been the architect of hig owin fortune; he did not confess, as a groat many rich and vulgar men take a pride in confessing, that he bhd sprung from the gutter and was no gentleman;. but be simply thanked his friends for their good wishes and asked them to believe that he but told the secret of his heart when he said that all his aim in life was to love and be loved by the lady who that day had become his wife. Then he sat down, and for once a gleam of something like feeling shot into the eyes of the statuesque being by his side. He had not as she feared, made himself ridiculous, and she was grateful to him for it. Robert, who had watched her face steadily, saw the glance and read its meaning. "He is not a vulgar ignoramus," he thought. "I will do him that juo. tice." And then came the departure for the honeymoon, the rice, and the slippers. To Robert Knight's fancy Ella looked in her travelling dress even more beautiful than in her bridal attire. There had been a short inter. val while the bride was changing her dress, and in the meantime the guests had assembled in the drawing-room and the spacious ball of the house. Robert Knight had followed with the rest, drawn thither by a strange fasoi nation which he could not resist. The throng was great, and as it parted to allow Mr. and Mre. Blatchford to pas through he was by a strange chance forced into a corner next the door. With his eyes fixed on her face Ella came nearer and nearer. The next moment she would have passed him, when, as if she felt some mesmerio influence, she suddenly turned her head in his direction. Their eyes met. She faltered in her step and paused for one moment, and then, releasincg herself with a violent effort from the spell which bound her, she passed on without a sign of recognition-with. out.the slightest relaxation in the lines of her proud face. (To be continued.) 