OUR STORY. THE GREY 2?0N OF BIRSTONE. {Continttii from last issue.) I Chapter II. The following day was a bright one. A brisk March wind "swept like a lion o'er the land." The sun Bhone gaily between flying drifts of snow-white cloud, which scudded swiftly across a turquoise sky. Daffodils were bursting their pale-green buds down in the tangled shrubbery. A strong smell of salt prevaded the air, and from my bedroom window I could see beyond the elm-trees a thin, waving bine line, which told me the sea was even nearer than I had though. Breakfast over (as good a breakfast as last night's dinner), I started off at once for the Gove—the toad lo which, and a very steep and stony one, led down through a gash in the cliffs about 200 yards from the house. My ob ject was tojcommence working up material for my book, and inaugurate a friendly acquaintance with the fishermen voters of Bristone at the same time; but I cannot say the latter intention was as successful as might have been desired, omng to a trifling circumstance on which I had not counted; the fishermen voters evinced no desire to be acquainted, and declined alto gether to be friendly. In vain did I, re-j membering the motto that "Confidence begets confidence," mention, to them that I was staying at the Manor House above; j and even drop hints that I might be in-: duced to take up my permanent residence' there. They simply looked sullen at the first announcement, aud scowled at the second. One old man went so far as to mutter, " Reetherthee than me," and two j others grinned meaningly. I gave up the fishermen voters after a while, and went j for a long tramp across country, which was far more enjoyable, and from which I did not return till nearly dinner-time. It was dusk by then, and Mrs. Johns had already closed the front shutters. She bad also lit the hall-lamp, however; and as I passed beneath it, the sight of the doors on either aide reminded me for the first time of last wight's music, and I stopped instinctively and tried the draw ing-room one. It was still locked ; but\ this time the key was in the outside, and j without turning it I took it out, laid it on 1 the.hall-table, and went on upstairs to] prepare for dinner. - f i I had sent Be van over^to~St. Adbelm's to do certain commissions for me during j the day, and whilst he waited at dinner I j asked him how he had succeeded in them. It struck me, however, that he seemed less brisk and interested in his manner than usual; sb^, before leaving the room, he observed, in ah odd, hesitating way— "Beg pardon, air, but have you heard j any queer stories about this houseT' "Queer stories I Bo. Of what sort, Bevan ?" - — " Why, sir, " tblft—tEaif it's 'aunted. Not, in course, (hat I believes in ghostB or that sort o' thing, sir, myself" (he had 1 been quick enough' to catch the laughter | rising in my .eyes), "no more than you do yourself, sir; but that's what tbey say it is up at St. Adbelm's, and that's why it j is, they tell me, that it i^on't let. They say as no one can't stay any time, sir, on account of the—the sights ;aud noises." ; "Dear me, Bevan," I said, "this is de lightful,, though not surprising, as the Seatons were folks with an ancestry. - I hope you told your SL Adbelmites that j every good old family house—you've lived in good' families*for some time now^you>, kniftw, my lad—is expected to have its good old family ghost, its bktm€ed room, ] and all Abe rest of it. They're the correct things and I should be extremely disap- j pointed not to find them in the- schedule . of fixtures here. May I ask what the sights are! One likes to know what to look for." Be van's look was decidedly sheepish. "Well, sir—he, he, he!—they say as it is a woman all in grey, the spirit of4s 1 nun that one of -the Seatons as lived here ages ago took out of her convent and j married by force. She died of a broken | heart, and for spirit used to appear now an' then at rare, rimes, when any misfor tune was going to happen to the' Seatons;, but since the ruin an' death of the last of" 'em she's been seen -much oftenfer,-86me times wandering in the shrubbery, or alongadark corridor at night; andas to ; bearing her, they say the way she sighs, and moans," and sometimes sings, in a sad j sort of . But there, sir, of course it's ■ all nonsense, and so l told 'em. I only i repeated it to amuse you;" -And with another rather feeble giggle Tom de-j parted, while I, dinner being over, be- j took myself to writing letters. There were a good many of them, for I bad let my correspondence fall into arrears; and somehow time went so quickly that a quarter twelve had chimed on the library-clock, and I was still writing, when I was startled by a strain of music—the same strain as I had heard the night before,and, like the night before, proceeding from the grand piano in the drawing-room. This time I did prick up my ears. Mrs. Johns had fastened up everything, and gone to bed with a headache nearly two hours before; and I bad sent word by her to Bevan that he might do the same, as X had a lot of writing to get through, and ehouldn'lj require him again. For my housekeeper's niece, therefore, to begin playing on the piano at that midnight hour, and with no one but a strange young man up in the house, was a direct invita tion for the yonng man to surprise her ; and, mentally addressing her as a shame less hnssy, I forthwith accepted it as such. Are yop a purist and do you tell me I should have done exactly the other thing % Very likely ; bat at six-and-twenty very few yonng men are purists, and I will lay yon a guinea the remainder would do as I did. Opening the library door X stole on tip toe to the drawing-room one, from behind which the music floated temptingly forth to greet me, and laid my band on the handle. Like last night, however, the door remained shut; and remembering where I had put the key I felt for it, took it op, turned it quickly in the lock, and threw the door open, saying as I did so " Bather a late hour for practising, isn't it ?" , \- The echoes of toy own voice answered me! Inside, the room wias in total dark ness, and only the light of the hall-lamps enabled me to see the outlines of the tall windows, the shrouded furniture, the piano pushed into a corner by the fire place, and—nothing more ! There was no sign of the performer. Still, she might easily have concealed herself In some corner, and telling her cheerfully that she had better come out, for it was too late for hide-and- seek, I snatched the lamp from the bracket and entered the room. There was no one there! No, ngt even the ghost of any one $ nog? so much'as a curtain or a pieceof drapery behind which'any human being, however small, could have hidden itself. Even the white walls and gilt mouldings, declining to lend themselves to shadowy corners, stared blankly at me frorn every side. The holland; covers which hid, not only the chairs and sofas, but-even the piano, were short enough to allow me to see both under and around them; while as to es caping by any other exit, there was only the one door to the room,* and that(as it suddenly occurred to me) had been locked on the outside, while all three windows prere, jjpjl took pains ,.:tp ^xaminj,ji)pth shuttered and barred with equal care from within" T'The pianist,,..therefore,, must have been. already 'in the room when I - took the key out of the door before din ner ; but how the deuce had she got out ? The music had only ceased as I touched the handle, and I had never turned my ! back on the doorway. < Vexed at being tricked, and yet with an- uncomfortable .feeling on .me, I came, out, locking the door behind me ; and as I did so a low sad wail seemed to steal out of the hidden darkness and follow me across the hall to the library. I didn't turn back. A. sudden thought had oc curred to me—TJiat big ottoman ! She must have been hiding in it. " All right; there she must remain; then, till morn ing ;" aud with that stem conclusionIjiujt up my writing things and went (ip to bed. Vet, as I bpnt to warm my hwads at the library fire before doing so^rl could almost have fewornl heard the rustle of a woman's dress crossing ;the floor towards me, and a long sobbing sigh, so near'the breath almost seemed to fan my netk at my side. It was the merest fancy. 1 was alone in. the room, save for the books, the fire, and the portrait of a defunct Seaton, framed in the heavy carving of the mantel piece. I laughed at myself as I went up stairs. [To be Concluded in our nett issue.) 