A Striking l.ikencss. 1 AM an architect, and » few ypsre »eo a'uh charged wltb the erection nf h build ing in Boplon, in tbe conmructloo of which I used a considerable quantity of granite I bought some of the ptnne of a dnwu East woman, whom I kti^w an Widow Haley* One day I called my hr- siptant, Mr. Benjamin Barker, into my room, and said : ' Look ber**, Barker, you've got to fro down to Widow Haley'^. She sent word that tbere is some Atone ready for us, and I want It looked jover before it is fd)ipp'd, especially those pil lars for the entrance.' 14 Very well, sir,' replied Barker, 'I'll take the first train to- morrow and be | back to-morrow night.' j M No,' »aid T, ' don't to auything of the *-rt. Kit down and write the old lady i that you'll be down to tbe place on Satur tuy, und then she'll you at the tr'iin. BecidtH that, she'll kill a yellow Iftr^ed chicken for your dinner.' It vhs about 10.30 o'clock whet* Barker reached AsametiticUR, and wheu the train bad gone be w«» like the worldre uowned Kohinsoe Cruaoe— ** monarch of all be aurveved '—and be felt, to a slight extent, as Mr. Crusoe felt when be found himself «ll alone and h ** long way re moved from anywhere ' Rot be waa not a great while left to hia meditations. It was not uiore than five minute* be fore bis attention was attracted to a cloud of dust rising through the trees iu tbe direction iu which the highway leading hy the station seemed to run. The cloud of dust cBme uearpr very rapidly, and suddenly a powerful bay horse, hitched to a Coucor i waggon, bounded into view, and when Birker saw tt*at a woman held tbe linen he conjectured that tbe woman wan Wirt oft Haley, aud she wa*. The horse approached tbe station at a smart pace, and was brought to aataud still witb a suddenness that must bave given a shock to bia nervouH system. 'Good morning, madam,1' said Barker, lifting his bat and at the same time mov ing towards tbe waggon. He had been ttaudiug in eucb a position that tbe woman had not obtaioed a fair look at bim, and as he moved out Into full view she seemed to see something in him which bad at flret escaped ber attention. Barker noticed tbat she gave a start, aud tbat she had to pause a li I tie before she spoke. But wben she did Apeak it was witb directness aud without embarrass ment. ' I'm Widder Haley,' she said. 44 Be you tho mau from Architect Bullard'fl tbat was lo meet me ?' 'Yen, I'm your man,' Barker an swered. 41 Shall I climb in ?' Mrs. Haley gave ber assent, and when Barker was seated by ber side she bit tbe horse a vigorous slap with tbe ends of tbe lines, and he was soon pulling his load briek!v over tbe road wbicb be bad recently travelled in an opposltedirectfon, (t was about four miles to tbe quarries, and though Barker made several attempts to engage tbe widow in conversation he got very little out of her more than yeses and noes until tbe ride was almost com pleted. But be was conscious tbat the widow was greatly interested in him, for he could see that she was all tbe while, as openly as she dared, engaged io looking hinti over. They were wefi along lo the last mile of tbe road, wben Barker, torn- 1 log sharply round, caught the widows eye while she was gazing earnestly upon his face. ' Well,0 be said good naturedly, 14 wbat is It?' Tbe woman blushed, aud turned her head away. ' I fc'po-e I was rude,' she said, when she bad thought out her reply, 44 but I conldn t help It. You look ho much like him.' 4a Who's him ? ' demanded Barker. 44 My husband. ' 14 The late Mr. Haley ? ' 44 Yes. He's been dead an' gone these twenty years, but wben I eee him last be was as much like you as peas is like peas,' At the quarries Barker heard corrobora live evfdeoce as to bin resemblance to the defunct Mr. Haley. Two old men Btapperi hammering alone and looked at blm, and he heard one of them aay to bis mate, i 44 Did you ever eee a man look eo much ; like another as that feller looks like Bufo Haley?' It was understood when Barker fl»d Mrs. Haley left the quarries tbat the former should not return to Boston until Monday, for tbere was a certain atone quarrying whtob would not be ready for esaminatlou earlier than Monday morn* log. 41 1 guess ynu'll git along all right over Sunday,' the widow said, *'You kin climb tb* mounting an1 gogunnln', and p'r'aps Effle will take you out a-rldlaf In tbe afternoon.' 44 Effle ; I hat's a girl's name, is It not ? ' Yea, Effle is my daughter, an' if I do say It. nobody ain't got uo better girl than ahe Is,' 44 Ofcoiif«i» no4.' 'r?be was a year old when her father di*d, au' I've Dad to brlag ber up Pill by thyself, but I ain't ashamed of ber. f think sin 's a pretty likely girt ; I don't Ktiow what you'll think «»f tier.' 'Oh, I'll! HUle (hat [ shall like her,' ?aid Barker, laughingly. Upon the wall ol (he room into which Barker wa» Hliown on arr v d at the widow's house waH u Inrge photograph of 'he 1 Kt u lamented Haley, Barker no sooner set eyes on litis picture than he ?vas ready In share with the widow aud (be two qnarrymen their aNtonishmsut at 'lis resemblance to tire fu*rt who had been twenty years deal. When dinner vmr served Barker found th14 yellow l pggeri chicken which htd h- pu promised hiiii and sundry nihor thinu* tioort to eat. He enjoyed his dinner v»tv wet I until the servant spilled a quart howl ot hot pud dinguaticerfnwu himi o.kan'i i-»ck. When that happened he fell II oeooif irlnhte for a minute, which, of course, whh pt rfee.Uy ?laMira'. 14 You'd better take the mat efl an' '1*1 ve M Heaned before th«* Mull dries in,' said 'he widow, ?'But,' objnc'ed Barker, 'I can't go around In my shirt sleeves. 44 Would you h-* wililn',' asked the widow, 44 to wear one of Ruths' onat«?' 'Certainly, madam,' s*id Barker. The widow bustled oft up stairs and w,h soon hick egdn, holdMig nul along* tailed shiny black coat. Barker took the coat, and after reg*rditw U for e little ?vhite ur it bung suspnudod from his thumb nnd for»finuer hv the bank of its neck, put it on aud HuNtied his dinner. He wu- sLill wearing th' c»at an hour later, when the widow'*) daughter, Effie. arrived home from Xorih Berwick. Now, h happened that this coat was the very «me which the late lamented wore when the photograph wax taken of which mention lias been made, and clad ? u it Barker looked moru like his proto type in tbe picture thai] before. When -he widow presented him to herdaugbter tbe young wnmHncauuht i he resemblance as quickly as her mother had, although she nnd no recollection of her father, and only knew how he looked hy having t'Htnlltarifced herself will* hi* face in tbe nig photograph. Bilker, ou bis side, did not fail to mark a similarity between thn daughter's leaiures and his own ; but, seeing tbat the widow was looking at him inquiringly and expectautiy. it occurred to him to ask her if she still considered him a reproduction of her departed husband. *' More than ever,' siid the widow ; 41 and wheu I look on you an1 Effle standing there together I kin scarcely believe that you aiu't brother and slBter,' Wben bedtime came Barker was con ducted to a chain b-r leadiug of! from ibe room where tbe widow kept ber safe and itCC-juu^ books. He went off to sleep very easily iu Fplte of toe faci tbat be wasfticased in a nigtitshirt, oue of the late lamented'**, an i, if he had uot be-en disturbed, would bave coutinued ; sleeping till morning. As it wav, be was awakened a little nfter midnight by a noise in the next room. Likening, he beard what seemed to be blows upon some hard substance. Instantly be thought of the safe. The next nisi-ut he slid quietly out ttf bed and started upon a tour of iu vestigatiou. He moved noiselessly to the door con necting bis room wilh (he outer chamber aud stood upon the threshold a number of seconds, watching what was transpir ing iu the outer routn, before the persons wbo were working there were aware of his presence. He; saw two men, oue of whom was gray whisk-red aud appar ently fifty years old, eugnged wilh ham mer and chisel upou the safe. The gray whiskered man was tbe first to take cog nisance of Barker, aud be no sooner saw bim than, witb a loud shriek, he threw down his tools aud started on tbe run for thedoor leading into the ball. 'Quick, Joe!' he called back to his younger mate. ??Qiick, Joe ; doo't you eeeRufe Haley's ghost there iu the door way ?' The yourger man ran after the elder one, aud after the two ran Barker, slill in his boriowed uightshirt aud nothing else, carrying oue of the burglar's ham mers iu oub band und their lamp iu the other. He followed the meu dovnstaiis aud into the sittiug-room, but be did not leap after them out ot the wiudow. Probably be wnohl uot have doue that under any circuinstauces, clad as be was, but there was oue overpowering circum stance iu the case which made him understand that the sphere of his duty was inside tbe bouse, ntometbing wbicb be saw after be had entered the sitting room stopped bim abort in his pursuit of | the burglars, and for a second or two rivetted bim motionless toxbe floor. | He saw three bedgowned, hare-toed ' women sitting in a row of chairs placed ' against a side of thtf room, bouud band and foot, and made mules of by some thing crammed into their mouihs.each | staring at bim witb widely distended ( i eyes. Barker recoguised in tbe three : women thu widow, tbe widow's daugh ter, and the woman who bad scalded i him with her pudding sauce. His flret impulse was immediately to set the three women loose, aud actiug under this im pulse he placed hammer and lamp upon the floor and moved toward tbe bandaged group. But he quickly changed bis mind, tbe thouirbt suddeniv occurring to bim tbat be was not confronted by a life or death position, and tbat tbe call upou blm was not eo imperative tbat be would be justified In answering it while be was so scantily clothed. 44 Pardon me, ladies,' be said, ' I waB not aware tbat you were iu this room or I should not bave followed these gentlemen in here. If you will excuse me for a moment I will — ' eee you later.1 ' He whisked out of tbe room, rushed up i tbe stairs, three at a time, dived into bis ' bedchamber, grabbed bis trouetrs, got into them flreman fashion ou tbe way down stairs, and within a minute from tbe time of bis departure from the room where the womeu were lie had returned to it, aud was ready to begin the work of emancipation. When he had finished it he retired to complete h4s toilet, promis ing to return very soou. When he reappeared he found tbe widow alone ; no, not aloue, for sbe was sitting with a double-barrelled gnn over her shoulder, gazing flsedly at tbe wiodows through which the burglars bad mode their exit. *'I did'ut know but tbat tbey might] come back ag'ln,' sbe said. 44 1 guess not,' said Barker. 44 But give metbeguoand go to bed yourself. I'll lie down here ou tbe lounge aud keep guard, and If any burglar tries lo enter here I'll blow bis bead off.' I *4 If I can get near enough to hit him,' I he added sotio vonet calling to mind the | fact 'that be had never fired a gun in his ! life. 14 But where were the hired men !' be asked, after a pause, 44 Or did tbey kllJ fh« hired met} outright ?' *4The hired men,' answered tbe widow ; M tbe hired meQ is over to Eliot to a weddln'. That's why we women waB left alone.' 44 Weddloga are bad things,' said Bar* ker, impressively. But, of aourse, bespoke, jokingly, for sbe bad suggested to him tbe possibility of a union wltb berdaughter. 44 I'm a sudden sort of a woman,' flbe bad said, 44 1 ain't one of tbem who be lieves in dellberatln' an* prayln1. I make up my mind sbo't nfl where I want to go au' I git tbere as quick as I kin, I only knowed my buuhahd twenty-four hours before I was married to him, and I didn't make no mistake nuther, Now, I waul to ask you a question : How would you libs to marry my daughter?' The average man, In Barker's place, would bav* b»»en stunned by a proposi tion Hue this, but Barker auswered to it without ths least hesitation. 14 Nothing would suit me better.' be euid. 