SOUTH AUSTRALIAN BAPTIST ASSOCIATION. The annual meetings of this Association were continued on Wednesday, when there was a large attendance of members. Mr. A. S. Neill (President) occupied the chair. After devotional exercises reports were submitted. Mr. W. Neill read the College Fund report. Votes of thanks were tendered to the Revs. S. Mead, M.A., LL.B., and W. Bell, M.A., for their honorary professional duties in teaching the students. As the students needed support it was agreed that the Churches should be appealed to for funds. Adopted. Mr. Q. Stow Smith's Building Fund report showed that £12,000 had been given to the Jubilee Fund. Lasting good would result from this permanent Building Fund, which originated seven years ago, being for the assis tance of Churches identified with the S.A. Baptist Association by loans of money for the erection or purchase of Church and school buildings or manses and in the reduction of debts on such properties. In certain urgent cases the time for repayments had been extended from five to ten years, thereby relieving the Churches from heavy burdens. Assistance had . been rendered in the erection of small Churches at South and West Broken Hill, and also at Mannum. The capital of the new Building Fund stood at £12,516 10s. 2d. Twenty-eight Churches were now benefiting by the fund and with one exception all amounts authorized by the Managers had been duly paid over. Appli cations had been received from eight Churches for existing debts, amounting to £1,020. Of this amount £400 had been paid, and the balance would be discharged on receipt of the John Martin bequest (£1.000 less 10 per cent, duty), which their Managers hoped to receive in November next. Mr. C. H. Goode read the balance-sheet, which showed : — Cr. — To Capital and Expenses Fund, £2,296 18s. 2d. Dr. — By South Australian Baptist Jubilee Fund, £2,289 5s. 9d.; by balance in Banks, £7 12s. 5d. The South Australian Baptist Jubilee Fund balance-sheet for the year ending August 31 showed :— Cr. — To capital account, August 31, 1890, £10,241 7s. 10d. ; receipts Subscriptions, 'Jubilee Herald newspaper, Jubilee festival, £68; capital, August 31, 1891, £10,309 7s. 10d. : South Australian Bap tist Building Fund. £2,289 5s. 9d. =£12,598 13s. 7d. Dr. — By free grants to Churches, grants, loans at interest, and excess debts paid, £12,342 4s. 10d.; interest in arrear, £15 4s. 5d.; interest paid to Churches, expenses, postages, sta tionery, &c;, £89 15s. 10d.; balance in Banks, £151 8s. 6d.=£12,598 13s. 7d. Report and balance-sheet adopted. Mr. W. Neill read the annual report of the Managers of the Aged Ministers' Relief Fund, incorporated to the South Australian Baptist Association. The surplus income over dis bursements, amounting to £97, had been added to the capital. The total of capital and reserve now amounted to £2,901, and the fund held at credit of ministers in the Endowment Branch was £710. This latter was less than last year owing to the withdrawal of one minister, who left the colony. The number of ministers now connected with the funds was eighteen. Life policies held amounted to £3.100nwa, as against £2,300 last year. Interest on investments was paid with satisfactory regularity, and the securities were considered sound. Their committee had made some needful amendments in the regulations of the fuud. The time was ripe for increasing the Aeed Ministers' Fund. At present any amount not exceeding £G paid by a minister for life insurance or endowment was ^subsidized pound for pound out of that fund. That enabled something to be done, but not enough. The principles upon which the und was based and the method of its opera ions they considered superior to anything they had seen elsewhere, but tho machinery was worked by an engine of insufficient power. What was needed was an addition of £2,000 to £3,000 to the invested capital of the fund, and it rested with the denomination to supply that. The report was adopted, and after some dis cussion the following resolution was passed : — "That this meeting, believing that the support which may be accorded to our ministers in their work by the Association funds, and in their old age by the Aged Ministers' Fund, can be made adequate to their need, commends these institutions to the more liberal support of the Churches, and that the attention of the Managers of the Aged Ministers' Fund be called to the importance of increasing their fund so as to render larger assistance to those in need." The twenty-eighth annual report read by the Secretary (Rev. W. E. Rice) included the following: — "Grants-in-aid have been made to the Churches at Port Pirie, Yorke's Peninsula, Petersburg, Orroroo, Georgetown, Terowie, Clare, Goodwood, Hindmarsh, Mannum, Knightsbrldge, Mount Barker, Stockport, and Broken Hill South. The ministerial changes during the year have been as follows: — Rev. J. R. Wallbank has removed from Petersburg to Georgetown, and the Rev. R. Taylor from Mannum to Petersburg; Rev. J. Robertson has left Georgetown and become the pastor of the Church at Mount Gambier; the Rev. C. F. Smith has relinquished the charge of the Church at Orroroo in order to study at the Adelaide University; and the Rev. D. Davis, late of Woollahra, N.S.W., has taken his place at Orroroo: Rev. D. Stuart has left Alberton and returned to Eng land; Rev. F. Boyling has removed from Kapunda and sett'el at Alberton; Rev. G. W. Carter has resigned the pastorate of the Beryl-street Church at Broken Hill : Rev. W. Gilmour has removed from Terowie and has settled at Broken Hill; and Rev. L. Shackle ford has resigned his charge of the Church at Norwood and will terminate his ministry in November next ; Mr. G. Berry has ceased to supply the pulpit at Knightsbridge. The com mittee have experienced a good deal of diffi culty in providing ministers for vacant Churches, and in view of the fact that several Churches are still without pastors, the Revs, S. Mead and W. E. Rice were commissioned to write to the Presidents of the Regent's Park, and Metropolitan Tabernacle Colleges asking that four young men who would not object to do country work might be sent out, the com mittee defraying half second-class travelling expense. These letters have been sent but replies have not come to hand yet. The only new minister who has come amongst us during the year is the Rev. D. Davis, formerly of Woollahra, New South Wales, now pastor of the Church at Orroroo. The work at Broken Hill South and West under the care of Rev. E. J. Tuck has been of a most encouraging nature. A Church building has been erected in each place, and at Broken Hill South not only erected but enlarged during the year. Churches have been made, many outsiders gathered in, and much interest awakened in the work generally. A preaching station has also been opened at Broken Hill North. New Churches have been erected at Clare and at Blackrock, and in both instances have been opened free of debt. At Mount Barker school and class rooms have been erected at a cost of some £300, and also opened free of debt. A new manse, valued at about £703, has been completed at Gumeracha during the year and was free from debt. Proposals are under consideration for the erec tion of a new Church at Port Pirie. College work has been again resumed. Three young men (Messrs. H. E. Hughes, E. B. Turner, and J. R. Wallbank) have been accepted as students, and are now under the tutorial care of the Rev. S. Mead, M.A., LL.B., and the Rev. W. Bell, M.A. The Rev. J. Price, who for merly served the denomination so well as tutor, was unable on account of failing health to take that position again, and the Rev. W. Bell was appointed in his stead. Half-yearly meetings were held at the Semaphore, and were a decided success. Truth and Progress, under the Edi torship of the Rev. E. J. Henderson and the business management of Mr. Newing, has had a more successful career than for many years. Through the diligent efforts of these gentlemen the cir- culation has been increased and our denomi national organ for once placed in a sound financial condition. The denominational library has been augmented by the addition of forty -three books, presented by various friends. The Librarian (Mr. J. Ellis) reports that there are now 852 volumes catalogued, and that forty-eight books have been borrowed during the year. After a prolonged absence Mr. and Mrs. G. S. Fowler are home again. We are pleased to welcome to our annual meetings this year the Rev. G. Hill, M.A., the co-Pastor of the Collins-street Baptist Church, Melbourne. Annual meetings of the Victorian Baptist Union are to be held in November, when, according to the triennial arrangement which exists between the three colonies, it is Victoria's turn to receive dele gates from New South Wales and South Australia. Our General Secre tary (Rev. W. E. Rice) has been appointed to represent us on that occasion. The abstract of income and expenditure for the year ending August 31, 1891, showed— Receipts— Collections, &c;, annual meetings, £20 3s. 10d.; personal subscriptions, £21 9s.; special donations, £149 15s.; Truth and Progress, repayment of loan, £50 ; refunded by Furreedpore Mission, £2 5s.; refunded by Jubilee Fund, £2 10s.; subscrip tions from various Churches, £668 15s. 8d.; total. £914 18s. 6d. Expenditure— Balance due Treasurer, ministers' travelling expenses, grants to various Churches, &c.; £1,014 L's. 5d.; leaving a balance dne to tbe Treasurer of £l3fc 3s. lid. Report and balanee-sh'-'et adopted. FRramsNT's Address. The Rev. G-. Hogben took the chair on Mr. A. S. Nc-ill retiring in his favour after eulogizing the rev. gentleman and wishing him & pleasant term of office. Mr. Hogben* delivered a lengthy and fervent address. He said the Church could never be purer than her individual members. Carelessness about sin and the holding of loose notions about it were too manifestly prevalent. How lightly thought of were bad tempers and other uncontrolled passions, the trioks of trade, wasting a master's time, incon3ideratenes3 towards 3ervaut?. lavish expenditure, or hoarding of personal gra tification, niggardlygi ving toGod, covetonmaH, and many other evils. How they needed fcha Holy Spirit to convince the Church of sin, aa well as the world. A3 long a3 tho disciples of Christ lived unholy lives the spirit could not) O3e them to reprove the world. It w&3 tbe duty and the glorious privilege of every Chris tian to live a holy life, a life that consisted not simply in attending meetings, however special their character, nor merely in holding Scriptu ral views uixju the subject of holiness, nor even in walking blamek- osly before men, bub a bfe that in all its secret paths and its hidden motives was ever kept under the brilliant, searching light of God's spirit and iu that Spirit's purifying fire. The land s^pel. thu social gospel,- tha gospels of seienco and of rationalism, the gospel of human goodne** must all fail when brought to the supremo test — would they restore to man the likeness of God and bring him into communion with God? The Glmrcb. needed to recognise tbe Holy Spirit in every department of her work. What a different state of affairs would frequently exizt if important matters, eueh as the erection of » new building, the purchase of a 'new organ, tha choice of a pastor, tho election of deaoona and other officers, the raising of fundB— all of which went so far to make or mar the peace and useful ness of iio Church— were always entered upon with much earnest 'prayer, and with real sur render and waiting for divine guidance. I« these thin and untheological days, a3 Dr. White called them, when to doubt everything or to believe something that nobody had believed before, if it were po33ible to find it. was considered by many the sign of a robust and manly intellect, when a man had no righb to speak unless he had something quite original to say, when the Church wa3 so apt, liko foolish Israel of old, to look to Egypt or Assyria for succour, it was necessary tha*. Christians should be called back to tho living and abiding God-given comforter, whoas words were always true and always the sauie. Not financial ease, not increasing numbera, not the success of their particular views, not their respectability, nor their culture, bus the constantly realized fact that the Holy Ghost was with them, should yield them mo3fe solid comfoit. The Church was often Baying 'we want such and such a man for our minister, and then things would go on prosperously,' or 'we want men of meaus and social standing to come and help usalonir.'' or 'wo want more ?umt3r among ourselves.' In ninety-nine ceses out of 100 he was not sure that there was even one exception where Churches were unhappy, the real want was overlooked. They wanted the Holy Gho3t in the fulness of jwwer. Ho would quickly pui right those minor things, and make the Church: mighty in God. (Applause.) A hymn waa sung and prayer offered. The Rev. E. J. Hendkbsos then read tht» Truth and Progress report, which was of » satisfactory nature. The management bad £85 to the good, and arrangements had been come to whereby a fortnightly instead of a monthly paper was to be issued. The report was adopted. The Rev. S. Mead moved— 'That we appoint as a Board of Management of Truth and Progress the following: — Rev. E. J. Henderson (Editor), Mr. J. Ml Newintj (Business Manager), Revs. W. E. Rice, S. Fairey, S. Mead, and -J. Featherstone, with power to add to their nnmbor, and that they be requested to tako into consideration tha publication of a fortnightly issue from January, 1892.' Carried. Tea was provided au :- oVlock, and a larga number sat down to it In the evening tho Rev. G. Hill, M.A.. preached to a crowded congregation in th« Flinders-street Church. Mr. Hill's sermon was an impressive; one. A Coinmuidou service followed. .The Rov. L. Shackleford presided. 