THE THEATRE OF THE MEN TO RATION. ' Bt QuEer/. That the times had changed for players and their art since the "Merrie Monarch" came to his own again, the irrepressible Mr. " Pepys abundantly testifies. It was only the year after the return of Charles that the diarist wrote, " I see the gallants do begin to be tyred with the vanity and pride of the theatre actors, who are indeed grown very proud and rich." This was one of the signs of the inevitable reaction. The interdict on the stage had practically lasted from 1642, when the Parliament forbade the enacting of plays " during these times of humiliation." Five years later they were entirely suppressed by a 'special ordinance, which was emphasised by another in the following year. It is curious to notice, however, that Crom- well allowed an opera of Davenant's to be performed at Rutland House in 1056. In the year that Crom- well died Davenant appears to have made another attempt, but without warrant His time, for an order was issued from Whitehall to bring the author and actors before a special " court " to explain their conduct. The Court was also ordered to go into the whole question of dramatic performances, and "take the best information they can concerning the acting of stage plays, and upon the whole to make report." From this point the tide began to turn ; but even before that time a few players had been able to show their art by stealth in gentlemen's houses, and even to bring the officer of the guard at Whitehall, so that he " winked at their performing for a day or two at the Red Bull." But there is an amusing story about a company which undertook to produce a curdling drama called "The Bloody Brother," at what! was then known as " the Cockpit " in Drury Lane. They were surprised in the middle of an act by the soldiers of the Commonwealth breaking in upon the performance and sweeping the whole company off to prison in their stage-clothos-thus substituting,' we may suppose, one effective dramatic situation for another, perhaps not less startling, considering what we know of Fletcher, the author, and the drama of the time. This was acting under difficulties and no conscientious professor of his art could expect to develop perfection under those circumstances. But with the camp of General Monk all that and many other things besides were changed- not always, indeed, for the better. An old wardrobe keeper of the Blackfriars Theatre, Eliodea, applied for a license as soon as the promise of the coming change encouraged him to do so, and Pepys records a notable sign of the times in the fact that when Charles came over in May, there was to be seen among the King's suite, " walking upon the docks, where persons of , honour all the afternoon, Thomas Killigrew (a merry droll, but a gentleman of great esteem with the King who told us many merry stories." This Tom Kills grew and Sir William Davenport' were the real re- vocalists of the Restoration Theatre, for in August of the same year that witnessed the monarch's return, royal grants were issued I to those worthies " to erect two companies of players," and to provide two houses or theatres " for the representation of tragedies, comedies, playes, operas, and all other entertainments of that nature." And so the fragile cockboat of the players was launched again. . Of the names of actors and managers identified with this era of the drama, those of Betterton, Mohun and Hart (the JEsopus and Iioecius of the English stage), Harris (the friend of Pepys, whose prattling shoemaker told him how the fellow grew very proud of late the king and every- body else crying him up so high "), Kokes, Underhill, and young Kynaston, the boy-actress ("the loveliest lady I over saw in my life," says Pepys of him), were prominent among the former, while Killigrew and Davenant soon had matters all their own way in regard to management. Of Kills grow we know that he was the son of Sir Robert of that name, and had been a page to Charles I. He followed the Bon into exile, and was named by him English Resident at Venice. The qualities that secured the royal exiles favour, however, hardly recommended him to the Venetians, and Charles was persuaded by the Venetian Ambassador to cancel his appointment. It was of this gentleman that Denham ironically wrote: Our Resident Tom From Venice is come, And has left all the statement behind him. Talks at the same pitch, is as wise, as he lies, And just where you left him you find him. After 1660 Killigrew, whom we saw just now through Mr. Pepys' spectacles coming over on the ship with Charles, was appointed a Groom of the Bedchamber and King's Jester, for which he " bath a fee out of the wardrobe for cap and bells," Bays Pepys, again. Killigrew had always a taste for the theatre, from the time when an a boy he got into the Red Bull to see the play for nothing on condition of his consenting to play the devil. He Begins to have had little trouble in getting his royal grant to set up a theatre. Davenant was, according to an old report, an illegitimate son of Shakespeare, and the story runs that " when he was pleasant over a glasse of wine with Hudibras Butler, he would say "it seem'd to him that he writt with the very spirit that Shakespeare, and was contented enough to be thought his son." He had been a page to the Duchess of Richmond, and followed Ben Jonson as Laureate. He was knighted in the Civil War, fighting for the king and being captured at sea while making his escape after the Royalists' defeat, was saved by the intercession of Milton, as one account has it. In the story of his birth, his adventures, and literary associations, there is a strong spice of the romantic. He was one of the few Royalists whom Charles remembered on his return to the throne, and-so he, too, got his grant. Such was the material, then, and such the players, managers, and public that went to make up the theatre of the Restoration period. Mr. Lowe says that women first appeared on the stage to act in women's parts between November 20,1660, and January 6, 1661, against which date Mr, Pepys has an entry in his diary to the effe<»that he visited Tom Kills grow's theatre to see the " Beggars' Bush," " and here the first time that over I saw women come upon the stage " The innovation is usually credited to Dave nant, however, but in any case the new departure not regarded as a very striking departure from traditional practice There is still extant a prologue written by Thomas Jordan to introduce the first woman that came to act on a stage in the tragedy called " The Moor of Venice" Desdemona being the character so treated, in which these lines occur - In this reforming age We have intends to o valise the stage Our women are defective and so siz d or d think they were some of the guard disgusts d, For. to speak truth, men dust that are between four and fifty, wenches of fifteen IA ith bone so large an 1 nerve so incompliant, ask how you call Di.surMO\A enter Guest There is a characteristic story of Charles II about this employment of men actresses that illustrates its ridiculous side. The I.iiig,itseems, had come to the theatre to see " Hamlet on one occasion, and finding the time of waiting before the drawing of the curtain rather long he sent his inseparable boon-companion, the Earl of Rochester, behind to see what was the matter Rochester returned to report that " the Queen was not yet shaved " "Odsllah '" said the king, with his favourite exclamation, " I beg her Majesty's pardon Wo U wait till her barber has done with her " But the dramatists of the day got better effects by the aid of " boy-actresses " like Kynasten Among the actors of the Restoration Bettcrten stands out, in the opinion of his contemporaries and of the critics whose verdict has come down to us, asking princeps among the actors of his time His Hamlet is one of the traditions of the stage, and Downes says of Bettorton's playing in the part that his exact performance of it gained him esteem and reputation superlative to all other plays " Gibber is even more enthusiastic " How shall I show you Betterton ?" he exclaims " Should I, therefore, tell you that all the Othollos, Hamlets, Hotspurs, Macbeth's, and Brutus s whom you may have seen since his time have fallen far short of him this still would give you no idea of his particular excellence," and he goes on to speak of the ghost scare, which Botterton " opened with a pause of mute amazement ' Then rising slowly to a solemn, trembling voice, he made the ghost equally terrible to the spectator as to himself !" Pepys says that "Botterton did the Prince's part beyond imagination," and another writer has put it on record that had his Fisher's Ghost actually risen before him he would not have been seized with more real agonies said this was so strongly felt by the audience, that the Blood seemed to shudder in their veins likewise, and they in some measure par- took of the astonishment and horror with which they saw this excellent Actor elected " It is curious to note that Botterton played the part in a clerical - looking dress, with a clergy- man's neckcloth-strangely different from that which custom prescribes for the character In our days Plays like " Hamlet " were distinctly in the style as the ago, when it touched the real drama at all, just of plays the " Twelfth Night " and " Romeo and Juliet " apparently were not. Of the former, Pepys writes, on the presentation in 1663 " it be but a silly play, and ot relat- ing at all to the name or day " but he is still more uncompromising in his denunciation of the story of the lovers of Verona, of which in 168. he wrote " It is a play of itself the worst that over I heard " But the respect for Shakespeare in those days was slender compared with the venera- tion for the great dramatist's work now, as is somewhat whimsically evidenced by the circumstance that there were two acting versions of " Romeo and Juliet " played alternately Tragical one Day, and Tragicomical the another, for several Days together," Downes says In the latter version both the lovers sure wed A somewhat half-and-half sort of verdict seemed to have been passed by the theatre goers of the time on " Macbeth," which Pepys saw produced in 166. "A pretty good play," he calls it in his diary, " but admirably acted ' And it is curious to read oz " lung Lear " that there were two versions of that play also, one of them, as Downes describes it, being " as Mr Shakespeare wrote it, before it was altered by Mr Tate " But the actors were often reduced to strange expedients to get at serviceable material in the way of costumes, and all were not as fortunate as Betterton, to whom the Sing lent his coronation robes to dress for the part of Prince Alvaro m Daveuaiit s piece, " Love and Honour " Charles, however always took a great interest in the mounting and dressing of plays, and a particularly sore point with him seemed to be that the villains of the drama had a habit of making-up with worthy visages and black hair, like himself "Pray, what is the meaning," he is reported to have said at a performance of "Macbeth" on one occasion, when the two murderers were thus represented, "that we never see a rogue in a play but, selfish ' they always chip him on a black pernwig, when it is well known that one of the greatest rogues in England always wears a fair one?" This hit it is surmised was meant for the Earl of Shaftesbury) But a sudden stop was put to all this mummery and mimicry in June, 16 >, when an edict went forth once more from the Lord Chamberlain's office stopping all plays this time on account of the Great Plague, which the Puritans of the time regarded in the light, of a punishment for these and other extravagances of the tunes Mr Pepys is the most outspoken of all the critics of this post Restoration period no was an indefatigable play good true friend of actors and actresses a privileged A visitor to the green room, and artlessly opinionated on everything he saw or heard It is pleasant in its way to hear the old fellow twittering his opinions across the centuries Nothing was sacred from him, and his "Mr Shakespear" was certainly no object of superstitious veneration for him The Merry Wives of W incisor ' ' did not please me at all, in no part of it, 'he says in one place On another occasion he saw the " humours of the country gentleman and the French doctor very well done, but the rest but very poorly, and Sir J Falstaff as bad as any ' "Othello" was a favourite piece with him, and he has a story of a very pretty lady who sat beside him in the playhouse on one occasion, and " called , out to see Desdemona smothered " Club, who played Iago with great success illustrates in his fate the State | of society at the time Pepys wrote. He was riding home to his country-house at Kentish Town one night after the performance, having spent part of the evening in too pleasant company, when he was attacked by footpads who wounded and bound him, and threw him into a ditch, where he bled to death, and " the house will have a great miss of Sun," says worthy Mr Popjs The " Midsummer Night's Dream " was witnessed by the diarist in 1664 Pepys was not favourably impressed We saw Midsummer Night's Dream,'" he writes which I had never seen before, nor shall ever again, for it is the most insipid ridiculous play that ever I saw in my life " But Mr Pepys was suffering from the double disadvantage of seeing the plays badly acted and mutilated and from an overweening partiality for now pieces by contemporary authors, some of which he extravagantly praises Some of the stage stones of the time, it must he confessed, are excessively short mg, and especially some that cluster round the name of a comedian known to fame as Jo Hayns One of this worthy's freaks consisted in a practical joke played off by him at the expense of Hart, an actor of great exactness and grandeur on the stage, we are told to put himself into a Scaramouche dress, with a large full ruff and whiskers from ear to ear, and with a short pipe in his mouth and a little three-legged stool in his hand " In this manner follows Mr. Hart on the stage, sets himself down behind him and begins to smoke his pipe, laugh, and point at him. Had a scene fallen behind him, Mr Hart would not at that time look back to see what was the matter, which Jo knowing, remained still smoking " The audience laughed consumedly, j but Mr. Hart went on acting, puzzled at the hilarity, until on turning himself towards the scenes he discovered the redoubtable Jo, winch summarily broke up the scene Another story describes a little hoax Jo worked off on the Bishop of Ely, Two bailiffs had seized the comedian for a debt of £20, just as the Bishop was passing in his coach " Gentlemen," said he to tliecatchpolls, "here's my cousin, letmoipeak to him, and he'll pay the debt and charges " The bailiff consented, and Jo, pulling off his line, advanced to the Bishop and said softly, " My Lord, here are two of poor men who have such great scruples of conscience that I fear they'll hang themselves " " Very well," said the Bishop and calling the bailiff, he said to them, " You two men come to me to-morrow morning and I'll satisfy you." They bowed and went away, as did Jo- hugging himself with his fallacious device," says the chronicler and no wonder. Next day the two fellows waited on the Bishop. " Well," said he, " what are your scruples of conscience?" "Scruples!" said the bailiffs, "we have no scruples, We are shifts, my lord, who yesterday arrested your cousin, J Haynes, for £20. Your lordship promised to satisfy us to-day, and we hope your lordship will be as good as your word." The bishop paid the debt to save his credit, we are assured, and Jo's device was not be fallacious after all And so those post- Restoration actors played their parts, tragic or comic, much as they do to- day, and when, in 1866, the playhouses opened again, Mr. Pepys was again in his place though with his cloak drawn about his face, and in " mighty pain" lost any- one should see him, since the Plague was not yet ever ready to take his notes and ventilate his opinions 1 as blithely as ever for a not ungrateful posterity. i 