CHOYNSKI'S RETURN. He Calls and Has a. Chat. WHAT JOSEPH INTENDS DOING. Ills Candid Opinion on' Things; 'Hollo, 'Smilor,' old party.' ? ' ' 'Hello, Chovnski, back with ua.oneo jnoro?' ' ' ' Yes, I'm in Sydney, on iny way baok to my own oouutry.'- ? ' ' ' 'You're looking big and woll, Joo ?'?' ' ' Nover felt so woll in all my lifo. as I fool to-day. I'm .filling out in laro ntylo. Fill every crack in my olothes now. Don't aeo uuy oroasos in my cout, do you?' 'How did thoy troat you in Victoria, Joo t' ' Treat mo P Why, I was looked afterlike a pot prinoosa. Nover mot Bueh folks in all my life.' ? ' ' Why are you quitting us ?' 'Well, it's this way. I have been away from homo' best part of a year. I'voHCeu pretty woll all, that thero is to bo seen iu Aus tralia, aud I want to get baok to see my people.' . ...,....? ' Going, to fight when you got ovor there, Joo? ' . ' You can bet all you are worth' on. tbat; Fight! I should just say so, and I'll mako Bomo money too or I'm much mistaken.. I'll fight harder and bettor than I didbeforo I loft, and bettor than I'vo ovor fought in Aus tralia. My stars, I do feel good.' ' Soo John L. r' . ' Yos, I saw tho cliampion.' ? ? ' You still think ho's king of tho ring thon, Joe?' , ' No, I do not think so; I'm as certain of that as I am that a South Sea savnjje likes boiled Irnby. You can havu your Jackson, and your Slavin, and your Goddurd, if you like ; I'll givo yon all tfio whole team, and my dollars go on John. Say, do you know what it is? I don't think the man over put on a glove who could have a look iu it with him when ho's well, and you can tako what I'm telling you for Gospel, and good Gospel at that. lle'B getting woll for Slavin j he's knockod off drinking and flaring up, has shaved oft his moustaehe, and is slowly work ing hiinbolf real well, and whon tfio time coined he 11 be as fit as paint, and then you 11 soe who 1b ohaniDion of the mugie circle.' ' I was struck on John myself when I saw him perform, Joo. I think ho and Slaviu the two best men that ever lived. Do you think John will fight Jackson, if Peter is anxious for a match when John lands in 'Frisco ?', 'No; I think Slavin is tlio man ho wants and tlio man he. will go for.' 'You know, of courno, that a large number of people in Sydrioy think Jackson a bettor man than Slavin?' ' ' Yes, I know thoy do.' ?'.'..' 'Well, you know those peoploaver that Sullivan is afraid of Jackson's roinarkablo clevernogB with hands and feet, and. only draws tho color lino because he's afraid . tho bjackfollovr will carry too many guns for 'People in this country don't understand the color lino, und . tboreforo they oau't grip Sullivan's projudioe against Jackson properly, but you may rest o;iny that John in ufraid of no man breathing. Personally, I wish bo would fight Juoknon, for 1 know how long the fight would last, and who would win it.' ' Wo'.l, Joe, you know that Goddard talks of fighting John, and aa you huro tivioe mot tho Barrier lad, and know Sullivan,, woll, what's your tip about Goddard's chances f' ' I don t like to givo an opinion, booanso Goddard beat me, and ho's not half a bad ellow, but if I must speak plainly, I don't think ho'd have a ghost of a show with Sulli van. You sco, if.) this way. Sullivan ia quicker than I am. uud ho liiu with tumble power. If I'd a tenth of Sullivan's force I'd have beaten Uoddard both times I fought him, but I hadn't it. Now, it's easy to figure it out. I think, houostly, that John would smash him down with vory littlo trouble' ' Sullivan might land protty easily on God dard with that swinging right of hid, but would he get ft in on a big, shifty fellow like Jackson, with a left hand like u. piston-rod aud a good nimble pair of feet?' ' You havo novor sqp'n Sully fight, Smilor. His right arm don't do any swinging; it comoB across liko a Hash of lightning with a jork, aud if ho missos he's so quick you can't got your head out of range beforo it's baok ready for another shot at your jaw, and how it does fly, ping, piug. I think ho'll land on Jackson right ouough if ho moots him.' ' Who do yoirthinlc oan win, Qoddaid or Jackson if thia pair moot?' ? ' Woll, if Potor was roal woll, in prime condition and as good as new, I think ho'd beat Goddard, but ho'd have to bo at his very host to do it, for Joe won't bo shakon off with auythiug less than a clean knock out. He's a real gumo man, und as strong as an ox.' ' What do you intend to do ? ' ' Woll, I'd like to tako old Jim Bnrgo over to America with mo. Ho's a decent follow, no rough or rowdy business about him, and just thu olass to win monoy with. Ho's g»mo, experioueed, and down to tho buBinoss.' 'What do you think of tho coining mill betweon Dan-son and Williams in tlio Mel bourno Club?' 'I fancy tlio Melbourne) man will win. Ho's a strong, rushing fightor, and a game man. If ho goes at Dawsou as ho lias gouo at all tho rest he'll scoro the odd trick.' ?' You go homo by tho Alameda, Joo?' 'Yes, and Sullivan, Ashton and Barnott, and nil the 'Honest Hearts and Willing Hands ' Company go with mo. I guess wo'll havo a good time. I intend to corns back to Australia and settle down iu Melbourne as a bookmaker, for I have a big fancy for that city, whero I havo hosts of good and solid ? ''* ?IWHHRMBM friends, who havo treated mo in a mar^HS whieh tI can never forgut, nor attempt 10 '''Von havo won and lost batllos thoro Joe?' ' Yes, nav Duoluy hits mighty hard with his right liaiid. Ho 'let go at mo once, aud I turned mv back sharply, and right botwenn my Hhouldorn thore soraied the clear dent of liiH four knuckles, it could bo soon for weekB after the battlo. If that had got homo on my jaw Mick would havo pocketed tho big end of the purso. Goddard was my ' black crow.' ' ' Novor mind, Joo, you evoncd up on Owen Sullivan..' , .- ?? ' Ye3, and I was glad I hit liim as hard as I did, for ho raid some nasty things about me beforo tho fight.' .????'. ' : 'You have an old score to settle with Jim Corbott, have you not?' ? ? -?.-.?? ' Yes, aud I intend to sottlo it. .'.Pompa dour Jim'- can fight, but he. don't like it.- I'll punch tho head oft that follow boforo I'm through with him, or ho shall do that kindness for me. I'd rather whip him than be able to do up John L. Sullivan, Good day, Smilor.' ' Good day, Joo, boo, von again. Good-bye.' 