Pedlar's Pack. I [BY AUTOLYCUS.] THE main topics of conversation are still the weather and the share market. Both have improved simultaneously, and as the mercury began to run down prices commenced to run up. This is by no means an uncommon coincidence in Barrier experience, and if we could only get [a good fall of rain the outlook till next summer would be excellent. But the long threatening of last week ended only in a slight downpour on Sunday morning. The sky is again as cloudless and unpitying as ever, and rain apparently as far off. I suppose we will have to wait for St. Patrick's Day. The Hibernian saint ought to be chosen as I patron of the Barrier, seeing that he abxoit invariably brings the welcome rain. Our forlorn condition in respect of a water supply is the more remarkable, seeing that two water schemes have been dangled before the public for years, and a third (and even a fourth) is now being mooted. This plenitude of schemes and the scarcity of water seems the very irony of Fate, and the unfortunate Barrier residents are in the fabled con- dition of Tantalus, having continually lakes of water (in prospectuses) offered to their parching lipB, only to find them recede on near approach. * * * The dramatic company now performing at the Royal has served to pleasantly divert our minds from the want of rain and a falling share market. I knew Mr. G. R. Ireland years ago in Melbourne, when he was a Boniface for a short time, and have seen him scores of times plaj Shaksperian characters in a manner which few men are capable of on the Australia! stage. He supported Creswick righi through his Australian season, and his Iago has rarely been excelled in th* colonies. His Hotspur and his Macdui are also very fine performances, and hi has played the Ghost and liertes ii "Hamlet," Mercutio in "Romeo an< Juliet," Bassanio in " The Merchant o Venice," Edgar in " King Lear," an< numerous other parts, fie suppertei Mr. Miln during his Shaksperian tau in the colonies, and W. E Sheridan like wise ; and while on a visit to Englam some years ago played Shakspearian part with credit at Irving's theatre. Mis Ireland, although comparatively speakin a débutante, promises to follow worthil in her father's footsteps, and I loo forward some day to seeing her perfon with credit in Shakspearian characters. ? * * The scenery painted for "The Light of a Great City," or "The Lights < London " (aa you like it), li Mr. Peake, is something altogether ne and surprising for Broken Hill, and ma be said to have placed that artist on tl topmost " peak" of fame as far as Broke Hill is concerned. That little unrehearse speech of his on Saturday night when tl stupid scene-shifters madé a mess < things was very natural ; but his momei tary " pique" was quite forgotten in tl applause of the public when the curta: at last went up on his superb scene Regent's Canal by night. The moon wi a little erratic on that occasion, but tl defect has since been remedied, and tl play is now about as enjoyable a one as h ever been presented on the Barrier. * * * Some exception has been taken to n comments, in my last contribution, reference to the action of the Hospit Committee in transferring money fro the maintenance to the building fund, is now said that the two funds are one, ai the present unauthorised acting coi tnittee seek to shuffle out of their fal position by terming it the "genei fund." But this does not affect my co tention in the least. The money w subscribed for. maintenance purposi and the Government grant given on tl money should have been used for t same purposes. The action of the ls committee, in fact, amounted to misappi priation of public-money ; and when ii Gibson virtually told them this, at t special meeting at the Grand, what K the chairman's reply? He practica said that they were all liable une the contract, and he, for one, was i going to put his hand in his poçl and abell out. And So said all of the Probabably the subscribers wouldíha had no objection to spending the mon i** building a new wing, if consulted, pi vided there was sufficient for maintenar purposes besides. But we know that that time the doctors talked of t " drastic measure " of shutting down t hospital for want of funds, and that c ward was actually closed. * * » If the copies of addresses presented Governors of Australian colonies a their wives are preserved and taken England they must afford infinite fe for amusement and ridicule, owing to I silly and slavish modes of address often used. Lady Jersey was present with quite a small collection on her ov land journey to Sydney from the "V torian capital, and most of them beg " To the Right Honorable the Count of Jersey," or something equally stup with a liberal sprinkling of " your la< ship" throughout. The only wonder is tl they did not address her as "Tour! cellency the Governess' (as à certain mo j ing paper once had it). But how can expect the general public to know s better, when newspapers, which ought be their educators, err in the same wi When "men, who presumably are'emplo] for their knowledge of such matt have not yet mastered1 the very sim difference between an Earl-with the " and. an Earl without the "of," s apparently are quite unconscious of the fact that all English barons (except judges) are styled "Lord," we cannot blame the ' many-headed" for their ignorance. It is cheering, however, to see that the rising generation is being taught better; for the little girl who sr.oke the address of the Fort-street schoolgirls to Lady Jersey, on her arrival in Sydney the other day, began naturally and properly, "Dear Lady Jersey," and never once introduced "your ladyship." As a Republican, I would like to tee all titles, even " honor- able," abolished ; but if we must use them at all, let us use them correctly, and not make ourselves laughing-stocks in the old country. * * * Bungebah's victory was another knock- out blow for the ring, which had hardly recovered from the stiffener dealt them by Carbine's unparalleled win in the Cup. But, in spite of all the abuse they meet with, ib must be said that, on the whole, the ring face their losses like men, and pay up promptly, which can hardly be affirmed of mauy backers. I had a " leg in" myself in a " double," liku many others ; and just missed it on the post, as it were However, I got round by laying off, but it is a risky game. The Ballarat party made a nice little scoop with Vengeance as;ain in the Cup. A good many people thought Enuc the real Simon Pure, and Vengeance was hardly spoken of till the day before the rcca, when there was a run on him. But the Dossing Forest people know how to work these little surprises, and the racing man who expects to have the best of them must <r«t up very early indeed. A strung shock of earthquake was felt at Eucla, S.A., at 4 o'clock on Sunday morning. We hö'^r that Mr. Samuel E. Lees, M. P. for tho>Ne.pean, is to be appointed New South Government Printer in place of Mr. Potter, who is 6» years of age, and who has just received leavo of absence prior to leaving on a trip to Europe. Mr. Lees, like Sir Henry Parkes, is a great Orangeman. 