SUMMARY. The Mayor of Moscow has directed that Hebrew patients are to be excluded from local hospitals. Tho Senate of tho Argentine Republic has passed a measure suspending payments in gold for a term of six months. A prosecution has been instituted by tiio French authorities against Count do Lcssops and other members of the board of directors of tho Panama Canal Company. It is estimated that the United States wheat crop will yield a surplus for export of 200,000,000 bushels. Tho strike of printers and compositors in Yionna has terminated, tho men_ having failed to secure tho concessions which thej demanded. It is roported that Sir Hector L. Langevin, the Minister for Public Works, will be sent for and requested to form tho new Ministry in Canuda. Sir Charles Dilke has accepted an invito, tion from the Liberal organisation to stanc for the Forest of Dean electorate at the next general election. The natives governing the territory of th« Zambesi and tho Pungwd River, South Africa, hove revolted against the Portuguese and demand British rule. Col. Sir William Gordon-Cumming has written to the London papers protesting against the " gross partiality " of Chief Jus tice Coleridge in the hearing of tho recent slander actions. The London omnibus drivers have issued an ultimatum to tlie men on strike, ottering 12 hours a day after July 13, but a reduction of wages from 7s and 5s to 6s and 4s 6d a day. The leaders of the omnibus drivers' strike have appealed to tlie Lord Mayor of London to intervene and securu a settlement of the difficulty. The Ascot Gold Cup was won on Thursday by Lord Hartington's Morion, Mr. L. Lascelles' Queen's Birthday being second and Mr. J. Grctton's Gonsalvo third. Mr. Cooper's Mons Meg was fourth. Mr. Higgs, one of tho labor candidates for South Sydney, asserts that ho and Mr. Flowers have been ottered £100 to rOtire from the contest, and promised the support of the protectionist party for other seats. Mr. Dibbs and Mr. Toohey deny that they had anything to do with the attempted, bribery of labor candidates in South Sydney. Mr. M'Millan addressed a crowded meet ing in the Protestant-hall last night, when a unanimous vote of confidence was carried with enthusiasm. The supporters of Mr. M'Millan organised themselves last night, and succeeded in securing a hearing for nun at the Protestant- hall. A number of disturbers were ejected. Mr. B. R. Wise attempted to address the South Sydney electors in the New Masonic- hall last ni"ht, but was howled down by a section of tho meeting. Mr, Wise, speaking last night on the question of freedom of contract, said that the man who defended absolute freedom of contract must resist any attempt to put down sweating, cither by legislation or by union. The Paddington Frectradc Association decided last night by an overwhelming majority to remove the name of Mr. Hellm- rich from the "bunch," and to substitute that of Mr. J. C. Ncild. Mr. D. O'Connor addressed two meetings last night, one at Pyrmout and tho other at Ultimo. At both he was subjected to in terruptions und pelted with eggs, flour-bags and stones. As Mr. D. O'Connor was driving from one of his meetings last night a lump of blue metal was thrown at him, smashing tlie cab window and bruising his arm. Mr. G. II. Reid says lie has refused offers to go into every Government formed by Sir Henry Parkes since ho (Mr. Reid) entered public life. Dr. George Read has reported to tho Board of Health that a fowl and a duck farm at Rockdulo aro in a disgraceful state. Not ono of the fowls is fit for human food, although hundreds of paira are supplied weekly to the Sydney markets. Mr. F. Punch, protectionist candidate for St. Leonards, says that several capitalists arc prepared to carry out tho North Shore bridge as soon as they get the power. At the Albury Quarter Sessions .yesterday Louis Smith, alias Irwin, a railway navvy, was soatenced to three years' penal servitude for an indecent assault. A branch of the Victorian Pastor ."-lists' Union has boon formed at Albury. Joseph Barron, pugilist, was yesterday committed for trial, charged with being con cerned in the theft of £34 10s, a railway ticket and a hawker's license, the property of Albert Peterson. Frank Fittes, commercial traveller, was yesterday fined £10, or four months' im- prisonment, for embezzling £5 14s, the pro perty of Messrs. H. S.Bird and Co., wine and spirit merchants. „ .. . The Jews yesterday celebrated the anni versary of the " Revelation of .Sinai," com monly known as tho " Feast of Weeks." Tlie foreshore case of Attorney-General v. Milson and others was concluded in , No. 1 Jury Court yesterday, and resulted in a ver dict for Clio plaintiff. In the District Court yesterday Judge Brfckhouse gave judgment for the plaintiff m the " Men of Mark" test case of Beauchamp v. B. B. Nicoli. Tlie decision, however, does not apply to editions 2, 3, 4 and 5. Mr. Munro, the Victorian Premier, says that lie has never expressed an opinion as to tho desirability or otherwise of admitting Russian Jews into tlie colony. A prisoner named John Holdsworth made an unsuccessful attempt on Thursday morn ing to escape from the Melbourne Guol. Air. Frank Cotton, ono of tiio labor candi dates for Newtown, says that tho men who talk .about " labor gnawing tho scalp of capital in a bloody revolution" are traitors to democracy. In tho Queensland Supremo Court yester day an altercation took place between the Chiof Justice aud Mr. Justice Real on the question of counsel and their arguments. Tlie Trades and Labor Council has adopted a motion protesting against the Government fixing Wednesday instead of Saturday as polling day for the metropolis and suburbs. iui. Oa VjUUUId IJUa ill/UbU XlOIIl tuc COIILcbO at Puddinglon lu favor of Ml. J. G. Neild. The Australian Jockey Club hold a race meeting: at Randwick to- day, when a hurdle race and a stcoplcchaso uro among the events on the programme. Air. Edmund Mitchell, secretary of the -Victorian Pnstoralists' Union, assorts that, with two exceptions, shearing in Southern Riverina will bo done by non-unionists. Successful results have followed the treat- mcnt of Melbourne patients with Dr. Koch's tuberculinc. Owing to the slackness in tho coal trade the whole of the miners and outside laborers employed at tho Coalclift' Colliery, Clifton, have received notices of dismissal. Alfred Penfold, convicted at the Quarter Sessions of breaking, entering and stealing, was yesterday sentenced to seven years' penal servitude. The Rev. G. W. Smailcs has been selected as tho labor candidate for the Hartley elec torate. Air. Albert Gardiner, one of the candidates for Forbes, says that both freotrade and pro tection aro as dead as Julius Cicsar, though their ghosts are walking about trying to sow dissension in the ranks of tho labor party. Captain Evans, Inspector-General of Prisons, says that thero aro 63 persons in Victorian gaols who are simply imprisoned for poverty, there being no room for them in the Benevolent Asylum. Tho total thickness of tho scam of coal found at Leigh's Creek (S.A.) is 47ft. lUin. Shearing is about to commence in Smith Australia, and men are being engaged under the pastoral ists' agreement. A subscription fund 1ms been started in Melbourne lor tlie relief of the widows and orphans of the officers and crew of the steamer Taramung. Tho Victorian Marine Board has decided to leave the inquiry into the loss of the Tara- mung to the Newcastle Board. The Queensland shearers' strike is practi cally at au end and the camps are being broken up. Tho AiMrcss-in-Rcply to the Governor's speech was agreed to in the New Zealand House of Representatives yesterday, tho Opposition declining to take part iu the deTSfcte. 