SIR W. HARCOUET ON THE ELECTIONS. THE TRIUMPH OF THE LIBERAL HOME RULE PARTY. A number of members of the National Liberal Club on July 33 entertained Mr. Arthur Brand, the new Home Rule Liberal M.P, at dinner in celebration of his recent election for Wiabech. Sir William Harcourt presided, and, in pro posing the health of Mr. Brand, said: — A majority against him in the House of Commons did not disturb Lord Salisbury at all. He said it was to be encountered by the pliy of various part,3 of our Constitution. That might seem rather an obscure saving, but in lisa studied for some ytars the political mind of Lord Salisbury, and he would translate the phrase into plain English. It meant that Lord Salisbury intended to fi^ht the majo rity in the Hou-e of Commona by the majority in the House of Lords. All he had got to say upon that subject v, as that when that encounter t--ok place the Liberal Party would be ready to meet it. (Cheers.) Lord Salisbury as c-ibtd, medestly enough, the success of the Government in the present Session prin cipally to the influenza. (Laughter.) That might be true, but it could hardly be called exhilarating. (Laughter.) Sir Williain con gratulated Mr. Brand upon his success. (Cheers.) Liberal suc:e ses tad been so frequent that he thought the Liberal National Club should elect a panel of electoral victory chairmen, bo that they m'ght ha^e something fresh. He felt he was be coming that dullest of ail created things, a monthly review (laughter) ; but as be was ag'iin ia the pulpit he supposed he must improve the occasion. The Attorney-General, speaking re cently to the ladies of the Primrose League, had declared that the bye-elections which had been contested since the election of 1886 showed a pre ponderance of Unionit-t votes. Tr.e Attorcey General was entirely mistakm; there had been a preponderance by many thousands of Libe*al votes. Taking the figures from Mr. Waddy's pamphlet, which he had corrected by adding the last figures of Wisbech, he found that since 1886 there had re^n eighty eight bye-elections in Great Britain. In the case of duplicate election?, he took only the last, Laving out the first. Ho.v were those 88 seats distributed in 1886 ? The Unionists had 63, the Liberals had 25. The Unionist majority in those 88 seats was 38. Whut vta^ the position now ? The Liber ils bad won 20 seats out of the 88 vacancii s, and the Unionists had won one— - their little ewe lamb of Doncaeter. (Liughter.) On the bilance they had lost 19 seits out oF 88 vacancies, and tbeir majority of 38 bad disap pear d. Out of those 88 setfa they now bold only 44, and the Liberals held 44. Of the Fame seats in 1885 tre Unionists held 45. and Liberals 43\. In 1885 the Liberals bad a majority of 105 seats in Great Britain alone, and upon the record of thuse seats they wee b tber off now fchau then. Of the seats they had won, he thought that the Tory Prime Minister might say, as the Ghost said to Eichard on the field of Boswortb, 'Let me r-it heavy on thy soul to-night,' nst'aey rose one after another and they said ' Despair and die.' (Cheers.) That was a ca'culation which he recommended to the consideration of the Attorney-General, who was of opinion that there was no iniicition that the country was dissatisfied. R. sides the seats, there was a very important thing to conRider— viz., the progress the Liberals were making in vot--s throughout the country. Out of 88 seats 53 were contt s^ed. In 1886, out of these 58 seats the Unioiitts held 35 and the Liberals ooly held 18. Now the Liberals held 35 and the Unionsts 18. (Cheeis.) A pretty trans formation S'ii-iiff. (Cheers.) Of the seats on tested in 1886, taking them altogether, the Conservative vo'es for these 53 seats were 167,000, tha Libe al votes 158.000— total p 11, 325 000, and the Conservative majority was 9000. At the bye oleoliona on ttie same seat*, the Conservative vot-jR were 179,000, the Libe.-al votts 196,000 ; the tot^al poll, 375,000 ; and tbe Liberal majority was 15,000. (0h- ers.) So that, up -n those seats, compared as between 1886 and the bye-eleotion.=, the Conservative mnjoiiby of 9000 bad bean turned into a Liberal mvjority of 15,000 (Cheers ) Theee were facts which wire worth remembering. He undertook to say that the Liberal Party wns stronger to-day than it was last November. (Cheers ) In this ca e, as in others, ' Wisdom has been judtifi'd of her children,' and tho result had prove 1 that Mr. Gladstone's conduct waa as p- liticilly p ? udent S3 morally right.. He hud s ^en Mr. Gladstone yesterday and to-day. He had conversed with him on ths present and the future of the Pft'ty, and he was able to tell them in all sin c-i'y thar, night that, since he bad had the honour oe acting with hion. he bad never se^n him so able and bo ready to undsit ike the great ta k which the country was yi-arnin* to iuipo. o upon him (Cheera.) He had never seen him so full of heart and of hope, more satisfied with the present and more confident of the future. They might talk of pro.' rammesas they pleased, but it was his firm belief that beyond all poli.-iop, and apart from all measures, theiM was one sentiment which animated the people, and it was a keen desire and a firm resolve, from a faith in his great j character, ac 4 iagrotituflo £or his glorious pemt, ? to place once more upon his venerated head the cro/m of a final victory. (Cheers ) 