HOW THE ™$MflS~GHOST WAS LAID. Claude Brathwaite was in love with Lady Hilda Brandon, and ybung Sir Harry Penniless was in love with her money, fojr Lady Hildahad'? Goscheus " galore. Hot that I wish it to be understood, in drawing this comparison between her two suitors, that Sir Harry was wholly insensible'to Lady Hilda's personal charms. Indeed he, of the two, was probably by far the better judge of a lady's marketable "points," and there is no doubt that, &s; far as in his blase little personality it lay, her beauty made a powerful impression upon ' him. ; That which, however, most particularly allured him was undoubtedly the " GrOBchens/'and with the autocrat-professor-poet's young man, Tom, he would have said : • '; Though fair her features be It is her figure pieases me. Another thing, too, which added pi' quancy to iier. pursuit was the notorious l'dct that, in the preceding season, she had received the fullrblooded- advances of! a splendid Russian Archduke with indifference, and had treated the aristocratic overtures of an Austrian princelet with a maddening, disdain. The ^former had hastened back to' bis beloved Paris and despairingly plunged into the wildest of excesses; the'laUer had fallen an easy victim to the designing daughter of a wellknown ex-tobacconist of the. West Eud. These things had been the common talk of the town, and, although they were to Lady Hilda painful memories, nevertheless they proved an additional charm to one who loved a dash of cayenne iu every dish. Sir Harry might perhaps, if ever be: gave a thought to matters, which had no personal bearing, have agreed that that country is happy which has no history, but a woman without a past ha considered of all. things the most insipid. As to his rival, Claude Brathwaite, on the other. hand, much need not be paid, except that, where Sir Harry was of a calculating, .turn of mind, Claude was disinterested; where . Sir Harry looked upon women as chattels, ,. Claude looked upon them as angels. Which of these young men was furthest out in his estimate it does not concern, us here to discuss. The year: was drawing to a close at the time our story opens. The Framley Butts Christmas, party was complete,; and Sir Harry;. Penniless and Claude Brathwaite were,, for the., first,;time gueBts in the ancestral halls of Lady Hilda's father, the Marquess of Hinders. Their professed object;,; was, the,; shooting, of; pheasants; thejr real pursuit the larger hutnfin -game above mentioned.: ; - ; . Amopgst the guests ,there was one lookeron who took the deepest interest .in the rivalry of these two young men. This was old Lady .Penniless, Sir, Harry's mother. She, ivap what the \forldcalis a " character," a napip.jgenqraUy given , to those w,hd cin boast an unusually large proportion of that commodity. She was one of thope who hold themselves licensed to say the rudest things in the rudest manner, provided their observations are .seasoned with a little smartness. She always walked , with the Buppujit of an ebony stick, and, just as she considered that every one • who had ,pet cornB ,or gouty toes should keep therpselves, out of, its way, so she considered any, protruding moral excrescences to .be fair gome for the exercise of her sarcastic wit. .,,;She had travelled much in. her youth and boasted that she , never. slept without a loaded revolver under her pillow. ,,She had witnessed„everyvicp;that she bad not practised, apd was generally .spoken of as '.' that wicked oid .jwoman." Indeed, there was but one virtue, which was ungrudgingly poncedqd to her, and that was a deep and real affection ifpr hpr disreputable ,little son.. .T^at,he,,was nofca ipodel .of virtue has already appeared, but he,, too, mqst have his.due. Ttierewas ao denying it that, in a .very rough and uncouth manner, Sir on his,Biiie, 'evinced a very on , for' his ..wicked, old lady^gdbther.' /TlWi^me abp,nt that JJiesetwo were jn^pjarahlj? sq^p^riions, living, together in tofidon, miftiffgM, Monte] ,|3arlo, .picfiarat; at' ^ly-les-Saihs,' going info piping a\Hombur^.for nest seasonfs ' bourse of dinners; and' so.( it o&ifie; (about th^t ,they; jvejreito be found together at "Framley Butts. " ' ' ^ ' " ' " : For the last two years, ever since Lady' Hilda had been " out," Lady Penniless had been scheming for an invitation to the n, somewhat exclusive gatherings at the Butts, but this was;the first occasion upon which her efforts had been crowded with success. land knewj of course, what allrthe world knew, that she was the possessor of five thousand pounds a year in her own.right. And the scheming old, lady, having; .consulted with ber t.on, had micd^at it should be through no fault of hers, if her Harry failed to marry into the vrealthy Brandofi family. Now, when once' Lady Penniless bad made up her mind. Jo anything, that thiDg was, in her, Ladyship's opinion, jnora than half accomplished. , As matters turned out, in this case, however,, she was hardly prepared for the, very leading part that, she was destined to play in the ensuing events. Monday in Christmas week: had arrived, and a brilliant party was .-seated round thehospitable board. Christmas, day in this particular year happened upon a Friday* The .weather up till now had been exceptionally open, and pheasant .shooting was the order of the day. The. men, had .to-day been in the covers, consequently they were tired at dinnertime, and undemonstrative, and the ladies, somewhat disgusted, had left them early to a desultory conversation over their wine. This they had lingered over, and, drawing the reception rooms blank, bad afterwards collected in the smoking-room. For some time no topic of particular interest was started, but, when cigars were in full glow and whisky and soda was circulating rapidly, the conversation turned upon ghosts and their doings. Thereupon the Marquis, who was never unwilling to hear his own voice, launched out into the well-known story of the Flinders Ghost, the lovely lady who, from time to time, was known to walk in the great picture gallery upstairs, and whose full-length portrait by Sir Joshua was one of the chief glories ei the famdias Framley Butts collection. As *he Marquis started with his yarn, two of the perennial Brandon cousins glanced at each other in despair, and yawned ostentatiously, for they had heard the story a hundred times. Claude and Sir Harry, however, showed a natural deference to the father,pf their lady-love. They learned that the ghostly apparition was that of a certain Lady Elizabeth, usually called Lady ltetty; that she was the fairest Brandon.that had over been /at .this Claude incredulously shakes his'he^d);- that she was engaged to be married to a certain Sir Bohun Barnet, who had been found, stabbed to the heart in his .bed ihe morning of the wedding and, finally, that the unhappy lady bad stabbed herself to death beneath her own portrait in the picture gallery two. days'afterWardu, attired in all her Would-be '' wedding; fineryj indeed, ske had buit just been painted'by Sir Joshua. ' ^ ,k And," epptinued the Marquis, " there is a foolish' notion ia the "family---botr.it has arisen it would be diffic.ult^o say—the ladies, of course, believe in ft implicitly^ that any daughter of the house who is met and kissed by thiB ghostly dame, must accept the very next proposal of marriage, .made to her, or her married'life will prove nothing' less than disastrous! .There are various doggerels embodying the 'superstitions, attaching to the ghost. This is the one referring to the curious notion I havje mentioned;— \ ' " A winsome bride the Lady Betty is,. And woe to Brahdoa who shall bide her kiss, Nor fall'into her neXtS Wooer's 'awns, ' ! But curse anptyer witb hgr teasing charms." And then the garrulous gentleman-went on to tellmt length certain apocryphal tales of divorce, desertion, cruelty, and'other miseries which, had followed upon a disregarding of this ghostly tradition;. These were amusing enough, but Claude, for his part, felt this ; .washing, of dirty linen in public would have been better; honored in the breach than in the observance. As may be readily understood, the 5 invaginations of both these, youpg med were, somewhat fired by this narration, long-winded though it was! .' Sir ^arry, in particular, evinced BO strong a'desire to become acquainted with all the details of the tradition that his host volunteered to escort him to the gallery, and point out the various beauties of the picture.. This offer was , eagerly ' accepted, and with such particularity did the young man examine all its details and appreciate all its. attractions that the old man went to bed convinced that his guest was a' persou of far more than ordinary caltdre and observation. ? Claude, in the meantime, remained in the smoking-room with the two bored cousins above mehtioned. TT 0n the Marquis's departure with Sit Harry one of them, Horace Starling by name, had addressed himself to his companion— " ^/L 1 4 l . hat th6 man never tells J" Oh, I think his memory s -going, says the other cousin. "I only wish he would forget the whole d d nonsense. ^ ,. T, whtit else is tbere ?! says Claude, with an aiort show of interest, in marked contrast to, the languid, boredom, ofthe •others. , . • . « Oh," brawls Starling, after- pausing ss long as was decent, to see if Charlie would save him the trouble of repeating the story. "It's only some, stupil .idea tha.kjftbe wretched creatu-e will continue to drag pn a miserable existance, strolling about at nights and frightening everybody, flntil somebody goes to marry her in the spirit world. There'js a rhyme about it,, but my memory's so bad. What is it, Charlie ? All I can remember js that ^here's,* deal of swearing in - it." ^ Charlie's memory proved, happily, somewhat ;more robust; than Horace's, and he repeated the following stanzas:— A bloody bride the Lady Betty is, A bloody bridegroom she does want, I wis ; And stiB will Wander abder mortal skies Until the bloody- handed bridegroom dies. "There," said Horace tripmphantly, "I told you there Was plenty of' bad language about it." "But how was it," said Claude, ".that she was not satisfied with. Sir ' Bohuu Barnet, who had preceded her : to tbe laud of ghosts? What does she want with another husband ?'' "Oh," said Charlie, "there's no m>stery aboui that. When it was too late to. stop Lady Betty from killing herself, they found that Sir Bohuu was really married already, and had left a wife and five children," After which unusually animated; conversation, Horace yawned, and the party broke up and went off to bed. The next morning Sir Harry declared that business called him to town for a couple of days, but that he would cer&inly; be back on Christmas Ere. ' He, assured Lady Hilda, whom he managed to .bid fareWell to alone, that nothing but matters of the most urgent importance would induce him to tear himself from her side, and for once he told the absolute truth. Claude Brathwaite, as may he imagined, was not sorry to have the field all to himself for two. clear days, and he determined accordingly to make the running,', swearing that before that period was passed he would " put it to the test, to : gain or lose it all." ; He had seen sufficient of old Lady" Penniless to feel certain that she'would; as far as possible, keep an eye on' Iiady Hilda's movements in her-son's absehco, but he felt pretty confident that it %biild '-bfei possible to outwit the old woman sufficiently for his purpose. • • •* The morning of Sir Harry's departure ho cried off from shooting, and boldly-proposed a ride with his lady-love, which proposal she was not slow to fall in with. . Claude chuckled to himself as he pictured Lady Penniless'^ wrath,r when she should discdyer at lutich-tiine, her first public appearance^ how the morning bad been spent. 2for was he disappointed, for her ladyship was black as thunder. She, however, had her revenge, for after Mnch she burst in upon Lady Hilda and him 'at', a game of billiards, offering to mark, aiid declaring thit] there wis nothing ehe adored 1 'like tobacco ismokel ' 1 '; 1 / r Furthermore, when they proposed to stroll down to the stream for Claude to give Lady Hilda a long-promised lesson in throwing the dry fiy^ the intrepid' old >dy begged CJande to give hW an 1 ann, as it was 'her one desire to learn to fish the southern waters before she died. And- when'the dreBStng-boll 'rang, Claude had'to cohfeBB that he had bieen bested. : ' • • ; After dinner, however, be succeeded in getting another inniiigs. fit, slipping out from dinner soon after the departure the ladies, he foutid his 'untiring enemy ideep in a game of 6fcarle, and bore tiff Lady Hilda in triumph on a promised visit tb the picture-gallery. He, of coursB, professed an unbounded admiration for the splendid portrait of the Lidy Betty/abotrt whom he feigoed the profoundest ignorance, drawing his companion on to tell as much of its history aB she was inclined to, and then enjoying in ongenerous, manly fashion, the confusion with which she palled hereof up as she approached the more suggeetiVd W- tion of the legend. -* ; . "And have you never been confronted by thw ghostly lady ?" he said, Sb" she hesitated. ; rr* J TSo," said Lady Hilda, for the tnoment taken off her guard ; "but my' poor"«Bter Fedora was, you know, and—acd- '""" Then it flashed across him ttot there had been & cavse celebre in the family, dboul which the less sftid the tietWr, arid Sbout the night ' before, Had. made no merition; ana ne'jfeo^lesBlj:'dashed into an idiotic remark; ttf coyer'the, poor girl's, confusion. He drew' attention ' to the benevplaht expr^BBi^b. which suffused the countenance of me'Btbne lion upon, which the lovely Lady Bettywas represented 'resting (her hand, anq. made it 1 possible for Lady Hilda to laug]i at the notion thai; any lamb of ordinary 'spirit would really feel it qnite derogatory' io lie down by such a lion's Bide. ., Claude hail fully, intended to hring matters to a head that eveni^^^^ but after "this unfortunate stirring, of a painful memory, he felt, the occasion to be unpropitious. Meanwhile, Sir Harry was working hard to "briug about by foul means, what Claude was trying to accomplish by fair Hip scheme was a daring and dangerous one, and'he determined' to keep it profoundly secret, even from his lady-mother. On arriving in town, his first destinatipn was the well-known print-shop of Messrs. Tombs arid Co., in Pall Mall, who are reputed to have the most complete set of engravings after, the works of Sir Joshua Reynolds in .the world. He had. but to sUte his requirements," and in due course waa ; unearthed fr'pm their portfolios a fine full-length copy of the very picture he had seen jthe . night before at Framley Butts, engrayed in mezzotint by,one "Fisher,at the Golden Head, in Lincoln Fields." Unhesitatingly possessing himself of this at, it must bis confessed, a somewhat exorbitant price, he chartered a hansom, and bore it off tp the shop of Mr. and Mrs. Alibi, the well-known theatrical costumiers. With this lady and gentleman he spent the.whole morning in deep, consultation, critically examining the Lady Betty garments, (headdress, and jewellery, and finally submitting his august person to a scientific and thorough application of the .yard-measare. He .then left with the strictest injunctions to spare ho trouble or expense so as to have everything ready for trying on the following Slight, fair, and sinothly shaven though the hp'reey young .baronet was| j : he did not fail (^hen ?1 on .the'Wednesday, arrayed; in these fine feathers. be yarded himself in the-faU-lengiK mirror? at lie rear >of the establishment jin Cpyentry-street, to. .draw a most unflattering comparison between his own hard, cruel eyes and full sensual lips, jind the frank, .clear look of the lovely Lady Betty, whom he was trying to piersonate.' Bat Sir Harry was an adept at casting aside any sensational feelings, and, as the'contrast forced upon him what he had lpBt And could never regain, he laughed the'idea savagely out of cou[|:t. ... . Turning to Mrs. Alibi, he expressed himself" completely satisfied, with the transformation brought about by her and her hushand/and ordered the finishing touches to.be put, and .the dress, wig, and sham jewellery to he ready .packed for him to take away oh the following afternoon.' The next day being Christmas "Eve, Sir Harry put in bis appearance at the dinner table at Framley Butts. _ As a penalty ; of hiis rank'he found himaelfj somewhat to his disgust, handed x>ver to the Render mercies of Lady flinders, whilst, Lady Hilda sat &x; down the table under, the .wing of Claude ; Brathwaite. Bitterly he cursed his'misfortune as he recognised, even at that distance, the easy terms. upon which they seemed to be, and his poor hostess, who could get nothing but the. cnrtest of replies tQ pergbod- naturedplatitudes,came io the conclusion tbat ie was a very disagreeable young man indeed. He was consumed by jealqnsy end anger as he. admitted to. himself,.' the ppmistakable advance, that his rival had ' ; 'made in his absence. By the end of dinner he felfc that there , was no tiweTto be lost—the moment of determined acfciopiad arrived. • THe piclnres atJFramley Bhtts were hung in Vlong central gallery on the fifst-floor. j^fo^ni^ach side of. this gallery there branched ofi numerous passages leading tp the rpore important bedroom suites. Onthis partuuW evening,: Claude, whose room was. situated in pneof tne corridors on the north ride, had gone up to Lord Brnest Brandon's room, which lay on the. 'south 'side of the gallery, ,to. have a smoke and a quiet chat. ' They sat late recalling old'varsity times, and ,it was not before midnight that Clande set ofi to find dis own room. The ends of the corridors where they abutted on the gallery were draped with heavy curtains. CorridorS and gallery were fitted with skylights, and winter's moon made bright patches on walls and, carpets, leaving dark shadows where herTaysdidnot strike "direct. As Claude, wptlrbache'd fcheeid of the passafge' knd was' putting"'^ his hiind to dri^^B'side thfe' purt«tn which barred his entrance into the •gallery, he fancied he heard a door on the opposite side ' gently opened!" Cautiously lest, he should , encounter- some errant damsel in deshabille, he peeped through the curtain to ascertain : if the coast was .clear. The , moon' was shining' brightiy^ down through the large ekylight in the gallery, rendering everything on the north side, which was opposite to him, quite distinct, whilst the south side where he stood was buried in darkness. Judge of bis surprise when he saw the door of Sir Harry's room, which emerged directly on the -gallery, gently open, and a fair beaatifuUy-drecsed head hair cautiously protrude itself. , Claude drew himself hack, half ashamed of his eaves-dropping, and with a momentary horrible dread at his teart, that turned him sick with jealousy. A second glance, however, relieved'this momentary suspicion,. for he saw that the hair was dressed in a manner foreign to any young lady of his acquaintance, From its movements it was evident that the eyes belonging to it, which be could not distinguish, were occupied in assuring themselves that all was -still. Evidently satisfied with the look of things, the head was soon followed by. a body clothtd in dress and jewels of unusual and dazzling beauty, though of archaic pattern. Straightening herself up, the lady glided quietly into the moonlight, gently pulling to the door of Sir Harry's room. She stood still for a moment, as though listening intently; and Claude then noticed, to* his further amazement, that the dress was precisely that of the picture be had lately examiLed with such care, with the great diamond earrings and the great eWerald brooch; alt complete. It was, without doubt, the ghost of the Lady Betty. Terrified at the sight, Claude felt a horrible fascination which drew him to look on the ghostly lady's face—and then heknewpll, \ At the first moment he had thought that he had come upon a scandal; at the second he had b?en convinced that he beheld an apparition: and now he knew that he had surprised Sir Harry, , . His first impulse was to fly at his rival and wring his. nefarious,. intentions from him, but a caution restrained his hand long enough for him to.realise that more might be gained by awaiting developments. Close to the great picture of the Lady Betty, which hnng upon the north side, was a qmali alcove, partially curtained ofi from the gallery. Into this, after a moment's pause, Claude saw Sir Harry make his TO - > • - "'• : Recognising his opportunity, - Claude at once slipped, noiselessly across the thick carpet, of the'gallery, and, without attracting^ attention, gained the door of Sir Harry's room. His mind was now fully made np as to his course of action, and he swore, jo himself he would not. spare his rival the bitterest disgrace it was in his power to bring upon him. . Quietly.extracting the key, from the inside of tbp door, he peeped out to make certain that the masquerader was still ensconce^ in his alcove. ' As a matter of fact,, Sir Harry was standing well back in the recesB, intently watching an opposite boudoir, from which he knew ih? Lady Hilda would soon emerge. Here he knew she nightly carried on a dressing-gown chat over the affairs of the preceding day with a bosom friend. His plans had naturally been laid with the utmost care. Claude, rthen, finding that , the masquerader wap well out ojF the , way, slipped from the room, hastily inserted the key on the ouiside, and, closing the door, turned it easily and. ^noiselessly in the locfe. He then .quietly withdrew it, and gained, without observation, the curtain which guarded the eorjridorleading to his own room. Here he paused io consider' whether ornot ho shoujtd\jejnaih and'gloat oyer', the .torture ani', -his rival when ha should find himself, barred from' his room, and adrift in a strange house in such terribly compromising attire. ! , Six Harry's proposed line of action was, of conrse, by this time perfectly clear to Claude. It was, as has been said, notorious that Lady Hilda was in the habit of gosBijping till past midnight in the boudoir marked l7, a fact which was nsually cast in his daughter's teeth by the Marquis. on her late arrival at the breakfast-table. And it was Abundantly evident' that it was Sir Harry's intention to watch for her, personate the' .ghost, even to the extremity of kissing her, and op the first opportunity in the morning offer her his hand and, what he was pleased to call, his heart. He evidently trusted to his.luck and her memory of the family tradition 16 obtain hiin a favorable reception, i Ciaude,'then, having thoroughly realised that this was Sir Harry's plan of campaign', was at'&st; inclined to. let things take their course. 1 He would allow his rival to pave the way for a proposal of marriage in the morning, and then 'contrive that Claude Brathwaite should step in where Sir Harry Penniless had'so carefully'made preparation 1 The ; idea of making his rival a catspaw was "really very tempting. ' A moment's consideration, however, showed him that this would not do at all. In ttib 'first place, it would be too much of a'toss up who would have the first opportunity in the morning, and in the second plate he had put a bar to the smooth •working : of things by locking 1 Sir Harry out of his room. Besides this,; of course; his chivaliy would riot permit him to stand by and see his lady love half-frightened but of her wits by the apparation, not to mention the impossibility of standing by and seeing Lady 'Hilda's fair cheek polluted by the kiss of his hated rival. No, indeed; this his felt was out of the question. Probably the best and simplest thing would be to fetch Ernest Brandon and confront him with his would-be brother- in-law in his hizaTre and compromising dress. The difficulty was tb get across the gallery' without observation. Hesitating a moment whether to run this risk, to his dismay'he saw the door marked 17 gently open, and "Lady Hilda, in A flowing white gown, with candle in hand, start to cross the picture-gallery. As she shut the door behind her Claude's heart jumped'into his mouth: Here was a complication he had intended to avoid. He felt that he must' act promptly and energetically. ' The circumstances were, indeed, peculiar enough. One clear idea, and one ohly^ Claude had in his brain, and that was that he had made up his mind not to stand by and see Lady Hilda- frightened out of her witB by the masquerading baronet. He, therefore, cou^h^d loudly, and, stepping boldly out from his curtain into the moonlight, said, " Excuse me, Lady Hilda; 'but I have something of importance to say to you. ''What; 'you here," Mr, Brathwaite ? Surely anything -you have to say to me can wait till the morning." And she made as though she would pass him by without another word. Claude "recognised that, very naturally, she was startled and disconcerted by his abrupt appearance, but he felt that it was hardly the proper time for explaining his conduct. Therefore, be merely said :— " Lady Hilda, believe me I should not b,e here now, were it not that I happen to know that you.are threatened by a daDger you cannot possibly know anything of. Let me recommend you to go straight to your room and lock yourself securely in. You will know in the morning that I am giving, you no idle warning." Lady Hilda looked at him in blank astonishment. • . "Danger! Warning!" 6he repeated. " B<eally, Mr. Brathwaite, you must be laboring under Borne hallucination. Surely I am safe in my father's house " No, Lady Hilda, yon are not, but I cannot now explain. Let me beg you, let me pray you, to take me at my word, and go at once to your room." There was that in the .seriousness with wbich ; the usually light-hearted Claude spoke that made Lady Hilda realise that something was in the air; and after a few moie words, she yielded to his entreaties and hurled off to her room. Claude now found himself standing: in the middle of the gallery, uncertain what next to do, and realising that his rival, ensconced in the alcove, must know that his scheme was discovered. Should he rouse the house, or should he have it out with Sir Harry alone? No; he made up his mind that, now that Lady Hilda was out'bf thei way, he would carry but his first'intention. He set off accordingly for Lord Ernest's room. ' Him he iouncL in shirt and trousers, nearly ready for bed. He hurriedly told him what had. occurred; and," each taking si stick, they together sallied out to confront' the wretched masquerader, whom Ernest Brandon bated just atout as much as did his friend. The heat of his indignation may be easily imagined, and he vowed dire vengeance against the despicable 'creatine who proposed to make BO outrageous a return for his father's hospitality. As they reached the gallery and threw aside the curtain, the first Fight that caught their attention was ridiculous in the extreme. There before them, in the moonlight, waa this gorgeously-dressed creature, with brocaded skirts pulled hitjh for greater convenience,'kicking' with might and main at the locked and unyielding door of hiB' bedroom. The sight was so ludicrous that they could not for the moment restrain their merriment, and they stood watching him like two cats gloating over their helplesj prey. Sir Harry heard them, and turned round. Poor wretch, what a ghastly whiteness his face showed in the moonlightt There was a gleam of desperate madness in his eyes. W.ith an appalling scream he rushed headlong away across the gallery^ and disappeared behind the curtain of one of the corridors. In a moment Brandon and Brathwaite were in full cry in his rear. As they gained the entrance to the corridor, he bad nearly reached its end, and they were but just in time to see liim open a door and disappear for the second time. As they reached this point the door was banged in their faces, and the key on the inside was turned in the lock with a sharp crack. " Well," said Ernest Brandon, " we've run the devil to earth this time." The words were hardly out of his month when a sharp report rang through the stillness of the night. The two friends looked at one another in dismay. There was the fall of a heavy body in the room, a shriek, and a hollow groan. "My God, Brathwaite," said ! Embst, "the poor devil's shot himself! Here, quick; put your back against the w≪ and kick the door in i" The panels of th9 heavy door groaned* the lock cranked, and the door fl.9W open on its hinges. Just Heaven! what a sight it was that met their eyes. There, fallen in a ghastly heap upon this floor, decked out in all his grotesque finery, the flaxen wig fallen babk from his livid face, crouched Sir Harry Penniless, with parted lips and fast- glazing eyes. His hand was over his heart, and through the twitching fiDgers oozed on the silken eorset the dull red blood. And the moon- through the window looked down unblinking on the sickening sight. Beyond, within the curtains of a great carved bedstead, the ghastly, terrified face/ illuminated by a reading-lamp which stood' at thei bedside, sat up an old, gaunt figure in laced and bruidered linen. Its right hand jg'rasped and held in front a pistol, from the trimle of which still curled a line of blue and wavering smoke. In its left hand waa grasped a bell-rope, at which it tugged un- At a glance the fall meaning of the sight was but too apparent. Sir Hairy Penniless was fast journeying to the spirit realms to be the ghostly Brandon's bridegroom, and it was the hand of Lady Penniless that had despatched him there. A bloody bride ihe Lady Betty is ; A bloody bridegroom she has got, I wis. No more she'll wander under mortal skies, For, lo ! a bloody-handed bridegroom dies, —Truth. 