A FINAL RECKONING*i TB OUSH LIFE IN AUSTRALIA. Br GI. A. KENTY. CHlaPTER XVIL- SEcyruo ABccouns. Reuben noon checked the speed of his horse. Anxiois as he was to arrive as soon as possible, to migit, for anght he knew, yet have occasion to try the animal to the utmost, and he there fore irenced the almostraciag pace at which he hid started into an ordinary steady gallop. The horses were fresh and in good condition, and for saeleal miles kept up the space without. iin M en thewerlealsdesse down irt-a.~lb sisk nti they got theirwmind again, andithen started into the pace, half canter, half allopg, Which is the uasal tof progression of the colonial horses. They drew rein at laston a slight eaisiifnce from which the Bonalds' station, a mile or so distant, could be per ceived. '' Thank God," Reuben muttered to himself, "Iam biek here atlast. There is no occasion for further hurry," and theborses were allowed to go at an easy walk. "adn on horseback," Jim suddenly said, thisciing ebokeds arm. "Where-where, sJin 1'. " Gone from do house, sah. trough dom trees. Date he go again, he gallop fast." Reuben haa not caught sight of the figure, 'hut he pressed his spurs against the horses eides. "I will see who it is, at any rate. Jim, do yon ride straight on to the house and say I shall be there in a few minutes." As penben rode atea headlong gallop towards the ·point where his course would probably int~rssct that of the hareeman riding in the direction Jim had pointed out, he turned over rapidly in his mind the thought whether hie aniety for Kate Ellison was not making a fool :of him. Why should he turn from his course jat at the end of a long journey to start at full apeedonthetrack of this figure of whichJim :ad caught only a glance? Itmight be a stock man or someone who had ridde,' over from one of the neighbouring stations to see how Donald ] ,wsagaetting on; but even so, he told himself, noharm was done byhis assuringhimself of that. It was not the way Mr. Barker would I tae to his station; had it been a neighbour <who had ome over he would not be likely to leave again so early; neither of the constables would be riding away indeflance of his orders I on no account to stir any distance from the I house. Presently he caught a glimpse of the horse man. He was not more than half a mile away now, but the view he obtained was so instanin neous thathe could not distinguish any parti claras. \- "He is riding fast, anyhow." he sald "faEter than a man Would travel onordinary lnsiness. He is either a messenger sent on urgent bmsiness,'or it is Thorne." He slightly altered the direction of his course, for the speed at which the horseman was travel. ling must take him ohend of him at the point where Renben had calculated upon cutting him oft In asbort distance he would got aview of him, for the trees ended here and the plain was open and unbroken save by low bush. When the fifgure came clear of the trees he was but a quarter of a mile away, and Steuben gave a start, for he recognised at once the uniform of is own corps. It could only be one of the men left at Donald's, and, with an exclamation of anger, Renben preused his horse to the utmost in pursuit of the man, who wos now almost directly ahead, at the same time uttering a loud call. The man glanced back, but to Reuben's sairprise, instead of stopping, waved his hand above his head and pressed forward. Two miles were traversed before Reuben sous beside Ihim. " What do you mean ?" he thundered out. But the man pointed ahead. " He has carried off Kise Ellion, sir, and .has shotBrowndead. I will tell you afiter wards. There, do you see, sir, over that brow there. A.. t the moment Reuben sawsa figur on horse back rise against the sky-lino fully t-uo milesin .front. \- Ride steadily, Smithson," he said; " keep me in view, and I will keep him. We must <overtake him in time, for his horse is carrying double. I shall push on, for I am better mounted thos yeu are, and he may try to double and throw us off his traccs. If any. thing happens to me don't stop for a moment, but hunt that follow down to the end." Reuben had been holding his hoae somewhat haindha during the last mile, for he thought there must be some reason for the constable's strange conduct, but he now let him go, and urging him to his full speed, 0oon left the con stable behind. He knew that for some dis tasice ahead the country was flat and unbroken, -and that the fugitive would have no chance of concealmentuwhich cver way he turned. Upon reaching the spot where he had seen thebush erangorpam the wide plain openedbeforehim, '.ind he gaveanshout ef exultation as heuasw 'that he had ganed considerably. The fugitive, indeed, 'hod evidently not been pressing his horse. " He thinks he has along journey before lhim," Reuben muttered. " I fancy he's mis tisken. He thinks he's only got a constable after him, and that he cam easily rid himself of thin whenever he comes up to hem. Pio doubt lho learned from some of the convicts that everyone is away, and therefore thinks hiimself safa from all pursuit when once he has wiped 'out Smithson. All thebetter. I shall over take him all the sooner." Such indeed was the view of thobushranger, 0who kept along at a steady canter, troubling himsslt very little about the solitary constable whom he believed to be in pursuit of him. v-When, indeed, on glancing round he saw that his pursued was within a quarter of a mile of him; he reined in his horse, and turning, calmly awaited his caming Reuben at once checked the speed of his horoe. He knew that the man was said to be a "deadly shot with his pistol, but he was con fident in his own skill, for, with constant and assiduous practice, he had attained a marvellous proficiency with his weapon. But he did not care to give his foe the advantage .5whicha aman sitting on a steady seat possesses (over- one sitting in the saddle of a galloping <borse; he therefore advanced ouly at a walk. 1The bushranger put down the chance in speed thi fear caused by his resolute attitude, and Shouted : "Look here, constable; you had best torn your horse', head and go home again. You inow well enough that one constable is no mnteh for me, so yeo had best rein up before pist'a 'ballet in your head. If yoshoot you (are jast as likely to kill the ypung woman 'here as you are me, and you know I don't vsuake any mistake." C-"Reiuben was already coencions of his disad . lYtnota e in this respect, for the buahranger iield-the 'girl on the addle in front of him, so that her body completely' coveredhis. She ubi s e i n h a a Iwas enveloped in.a ehalw which covered he head as well as her figure. Her captor heli her tightly pressed to him with,his left arm while his right was free to use a pistol. Reuben checked his horse at a distance o: some fifty yards, while he thought over the best course to pursue. As he paused, Thorne for the first time, noticed that it was an office] with whom he had to deal, and not with the constable who, as he believed, was the only one in the district. He uttered a savage ex. clamation, for he felt that this materially Saltered the conditions of the affair. ' "Oh, it's you, is it?" he said; "I thought it was only one of your men; but the advice I gave is as good for you as for him. I advise you to turn back before all my mates are down on you." " Your mates will never he down on anyone again, Tom Thorne," Reuben said sternly. "We have wiped out seven of them, and the other is a prisoner." "It's a lie !" the bush-ranger said furiously. "They are two hundred miles away in the husk"1 " With your friend Bobitu, eh Yes they were, but. they are not now, Thorne. They ar lying under the ashes of that hut of yours close to the tree where you buried your treasure; and it's I who am going to have help, not ycu. My men will be up in a few minutes," and he glanced round at the constable, whom the bnsh-rangr now perceived for the first time 'ess than half a mile away. Reuben's words had the effect they were in tended to excite. They filled the. bush ranger .ith fury and desire for vengeance, while the ight of the approeching constable showed him hat unless he took prompt measures he would iave two adversaries to fight at once. Without a moment's hesitation he set spurs o his horse and dashed at Reuben. When within wenty yards he fired. Reuben felt a sharp ain as if a hot iron had been passed across his heek. Thoree uttered a shout of exultation a he saw him start, but, as he kept his seat, gain raised his hand to fire. In an instant teuben discharged his pistol, and the bush 'a on d tpped ro fm hia hand, for Renben's bullet passed through his wrist. Throwing the burden beforehim headlong to he ground Thornee drew a pistol with his left hand, and the two shots rung out again at al most the same instant. Reuben, however, was :lightly the quickest, and this saved his life. His bullet passed through the bush-ranger's body, while Thorn's pistol was diverted some vhat from its aim, and the bullet struck teuben's left shoulder instead of his head. In an instant he had drawn another pistol. " Surrender, or I fire !" and then seeing, by he change in the bushranger's face and by his collanaing figure. that he was badly hit, he vaited, still keeping Thorne covered with the nuzzle, for the bushranger had a charge left i thepistolwhich he till grasped in his left hand. Twice Thorne tried to raise it, but in vain. Ihen he reeled in the saddle, the pistol dropped rom his hand, and he fell heavily over on the ground. Reuben at once leaped from his horse and ran o raise Kate Ellison, who lay motionless on he ground as she had been thrown. Removing he shawl wrapped round her head he found he was insensible. Kneeling beside her, he aised her head to his shoulder, and a minute ater the constable galloped up. "Badly hurt, captain?" he asked as he eaned off his horse, for the blood was stream ngdown Reuben's face, and his left arm hung useliss. "Nothing to speak of, Smithson. See to Miss Ellison first. There is some water in my flask r the holster; Just bring it here and sprinkle her face. I hope she is only stunned: but that coundrel threw her off with such -force that he may well be badly hurt." "Is he done for., captain ?" the man asked, lancing at the prostrate figure of the bush anger as he proceeded to obey Reuben's in tructions; " because if you ain't certain about it. I had better put a bullet into him. These ellows are fond of playing 'possum and then urning the tables upon you." "There is no fear of that, Smithson: he's hard hit. I hope he's not dead, for I would ather that he were tried for his crimes." It was some time before Kate Ellison opened hr eves. For a moment she looked vaguely runa, then, as her eyes fell upon Reuben's cse, she uttered a little cry and raised herself lto a sitting position. "What is it, Captain Whitney? Are you badly hurt?" "TPhank God you have recovered, Miss llison. You began to frighten me horribly. was afraid you were seriously injured. Do at look so alarmed. I can assure you I am it much hurt; only a flesh wound, I fancy, in he cheek, and a broken collar-bone." "And you have saved me again, Captain Vhitneyl" "Yes. thank God, I have had that good for mne," Reuben said quietly. " and this time for pod, for Tom Thorne will never molest you L.ain." "But can't I do something? Your face is leeding dreadfully. Please let mebind it up," nd tearing off the bottom of her dress, she roceededto bandage Reuben's face. The constable took off the black silk hand. erchief which he wore round his neck. " T think, miss, this will make a sling for his rm. and when that is done the captain will be retty right. Do you think you can ride back, ;r?" he asked when he had fastened the andkerchief, '' or will you wait till I ride back o the farm and fetch help ?" "I can ride well enough," Reuben said, rving to rise to his feet, but he found himself nable to do so. The ball after breaking his ollar-bone had glanced downwards, and the wound was a more serious one than he had niagined. " No, I don't think I can ride back, Smithson." "There is a light cart at the farm," Kate Ellisonsaid; "please fetch that. Iwill stop here with Captain Whitney till you come back." "T think thatwill be the bestway miss," he constable agreed, and mountig he rode off at once. It was an hour and a half before he returned, bringing the cart; but before he arrived Mr. ad Mrs. Barker had ridden up on horseback, he former having returned from his visit to the arm just as the constable rode in. While they had been alone Reuben had heard from Kate what had taken place. "I did as you told me, Captain Whitney, and did not go outside the door. The con :tables kept a very sharp look-out, and one of hem was always on guard by the door, so here really did not seem any possibility of danger. This morning as I was washing up he breakfast things with Mrs. Barker, a shot vas suddenly fired outside the door, and before had time to think what it meant that man ushed in. He caught me by the wrist and aid, 'Come along, it's no use screaming.' Hra. Barker caught up something and rushed at him, but he knocked her down with the butt :nd of his pistol. Then he caught up her bawl, which was lying on the chair close by, nd throw it over my head, and then caught me p andcarried me out. I tried to struggle, but he seemed to hold me as if I were in a vyce. I Ieard Alice scream, and then I must have ainted, for the next thing I knew was that I vas being carried along on horseback. I was 0 muffled up, and he held me so tight, that i elt it was no use to struggle, and I made up my mind to lie quite still as if I was still in eausible, till ho put me down, and then-I think .intended to try and seizhis pistol, or to get iold of a knife if there was one, and if I could not kill him to kill myself. There did not eem the least hope of rescue. Mr. Barker was away and would not be back for hours. I sup posed that the constables were shot, and all the men round were away with you ; and fromu the distance you said you were going, I did not hink you could be back for days. Presently I elt him stop and turn his norse, and then wvhen he spoke I knew that he had not killed both the constables, and that one of them had followed him. When you answered I thought t was your voice, though it seemed impossible; but I could not be sure, because I could not hear plainly through the shawl. Then the "istols were fired, and I suddenly felt myself 'alling, and I did not know anything more till I saw you leaning over me. But where are all the others, and how is it you are here alone ? Of course you must have turned back before you got to where the bushraugers were." " No, I am glad to say we succeeded with that part of the work, Miss Ellisou, and have wiptd out the bushrangers altogether. We have gotone of them a prisoner, but all the test 01 the gang are killed. The distanceis not quite so far as we thought it was. It was a thirty miles' march and two sixties. - We attackedthem at daybreak on the third day nRfterloaing." "But it is only the fourth day to- day, is it not? At least it Eseems so tome." "It is the fourth day, Miss Ellison. When we found that the leader of the gancg was not with them, and I learned from the'man we had taken prisoner that he had started to ride back here twenty-four hours before, I was naturally very anxious about you, knowing as I did what desperate actions the man was capable of. So weetarted at once, and, after a sharp fight with the blacks, got down in the evening to the waterbole sixty miles on our way back, where wechad camped the secoud night out. Of course the horse I had ridden could travel uo further, but I pushed on with my black boy on two of the horses which we had taken from the bushrangers, and which had been led, so far. We made anotherforty miles by midnight, aua the, halted till-,daybreak .to give the horied rest, but they were so done up this morning that we could not get them much beyond a foot pace. When we came to the firot settlement we eacrhanged them for fresh ones and galloped on, and thank God we are just in time." Thetears were standing in- the girl's eyes, as oeo laid her hand on his and said quietly: "Thank you. Thenyou have ridden a hun dred and fifty miles since yesterday morning, besides having two fights, and all because you were uneasy about me t" "I had, as vousee. roodreason to be uneasy, Mliss Ellison " At this moment a horse's noota were heard approsching, aisd Jim galloped up. He had on arriing at the station been unable to obtain any information as to what had taken place. Mrs. Donald was in a dead faint. Mrm. Barker had justbefore he arrived ridden off to meet her husband; but the dead body of the con stable by the deorand the disappearance sf Kate hshwed him what had taken place, and he at once started after his master. to that ridden by Reuben, and until he inst the comnstbie returcngok he psad been obliged in follow.the trackof Ohshorses infrontso hedid 1 not arrive at the scene of the fray till half an hour after its conclusion.. He uttered exclamna. tions of dismay at seeing his master's condition, for Reuben had beens gradually grswisg faint, and could now scarcely support himself on his elbow. Jim, however, had token the premaution to snatch a hattie of spirits from ths shelf before be started, haviung on e~' to his .own cosoferta as well aa to thepoosibility of its beingrequiced. He now knocked ott t;;he nck and pooraed ooose into the cup of teuben's flask and put it to his lips. " Thank you, Jim; that is just what I wanted." "Masse lie down quiet," Jim said. "no good situp;:" and gatheringealerge bunch of grass be pince it underiteuben's beset, and :Reuben layquiettoah lf dreamystate until Mr. and MLrs. Borkerrodsup. Kate case to her feet as they a~psroaehed, but she wee so~tf sOO sabruissd with bee Sail that shaecosld scarcely mov forward to meet Mrs. Barker, and burst into tears as her friend threw her arms round her. " That's right. my poor child," Mrs. Barker said: " a cry will do you good. Thank God, my dear Kate, for your rescue."' " I do indeed, Mrs. Barker. It seems almost a miracle." " Captain Whitney seems to spring out of the "round whenever he's wanted. He seems hurt dly. The constable said it was a broken collar-bone, but it must beOmethng o good t a deal worse than that." " Oh. don't say so, Mrs. Barker, after what hbe's done for me. If he were to die!" " Thero, thera, don't tremble so, child; we ( must hope that it is not so bad as that; but he i would hardlybe 1olking so bed as he does for onlya broken collar-bone. My husband brake his one day the hore ran awaywith him among" some trees, and he was up and about again in a i day or two. i "Is he badly hurt, do you think, John c" she asked her husband who was kneeling besides ( Reuben. "Ibopenot," the settlersaid. "Heoughtssot a tobe like this only from a wound in the caller bose; but of coorse it may have glanced down and done some internal mischief. Iam inclined to think that it is extreme exhaustion as much as anvthing-the reaction after a tremendous nervous excitement." " He has ridden a hundred and fifty miles since yesterday morning," Hate said, " and has had two lights besides this. Directly he knew that the leoder of the bushrangero had escape3 he came on by himself." "Ols! they caught the bsobrangers, did they?" Mr. Barker said joyfully. "I was afraid by his getting back here so soon that they must have missed them somehow, and I found they were on the wrong scent. And he hasriddenalltheway back, has he? Avery zealous officer, Miss Ellison, a very zealous young officer indeed." But Kate was too anxious and shaken to mark the significance of y Mr. Barker's tone. "Don't tease her," his wife said in a low t voice. " She is terrbly upset and shaken, and , can hardly stand. Ah! what is that?" The interruption was caused by a low groan a from the fallen bushranger. "Shoot him dead, sah,' Jim, who was s supping his master's head, exclaimed, i ldat fellow come 'live no longer. ' " I can't do that, Jim," M~r. Barker said, moving towards the fallen man. e "The man is a thorough scoundrel, amurderer, C and a robber; but he is harmless now. One t cannot wish he should recover, even for his a own sake, for there is enough against him to hang him ten times over. However, we must to what we can for the poor wretch." a So sayleg he seined eseas brmaud with a little vatec in the rap, sad peered it between tue T busehasgec's lips. p "bIs it mortal" Mrs. Barker asked as he re joined her. "Ithinks," he Eaid; "IfanCy he is shot 0 through the longs." "Toumustrealiy sit down, Mios Ellison; I you look as white as a ghost, and we cannot have you onour hands just now. We have got s them prety fullas they are. Ah! here comes thecart." The constable had put a quantity of straw in t the bottom of the light cart, and Barker and Jim raised Reuben and laid him in it. " We must take the other too," Mr. Barker t said; "themanus alive, audweecan'tleavehim I here."' "Yes," Katesaid; "he must go too. He t did Reuhbn a great wrong mauy years ago. I hope he ovill cesfeas it before he diro."' Mr. Barker glanced at his wife as Kate used i the young officer's Christian name; but she was not thinking of Captain Whitney, but of the boy Reuben who had been aceused of I poisoniug her father's dog, and of committinga s burglary from his house. " You had batter get up in front with the constable, Miss Ellison," the settler said when the two wounded men had bees placed in the I cart; " you certainly are not fit to ride. Or, look here, the constable shall take my horse and I will drive, and then I can look after you, and you can use me for a-prop if youfeel weak; but before we start I must insist ni your taking a sip of braidy and vater. It is us uss your saying no." be persisted as the girl shook her head. "WTe shallth3aveyo fainting before you get home it you don't." Kate did as she was ordered. Mr. Barker then helped her up to her seat. As she got up her eves felt upon Reuben's face. "Oh, Mr. Docker!" she said, "lhs looks dead. You are not deceiving me, are you?" "DBless me, ns!" the settler said cheerfully. "My opinion is that he's dead asleep.. The loss of blood, the sudden re-action after the long excitrmesit, asd the exhaustion of his ride have completely overcome him, and my opinion is that he is sound asleep." "Jim, do you lead your master's horse, while tho constable takes the otiler, and then you two had better ride on and help Mrs. Donald to getthingsready. Get a bed up at once for Captaini Whitney, and get some clean stras in the outhouse with ens of the rugs over it for the other." So saying he touched the horse with the whip, and the cart moved slowly on with Mrs. Barker riding beside it. Sha would have gone on ahead to have assisted in the preparations, but she expected momentarily to see Kate faint,- and thought it better to remain slith her in csee her assistassssheluld be reiuttsd. The jesusyv c copied some time, for Mir. Barker pieked cbs way caretyull so si eot to jolt tho cart. Mrs. Barker endrevoused to keep Kate's attention fixed by asking her questions as to what she had heard about the expedition, wondering when it would return, and. whether any of theaettlers were hurt. When they got within hb a. mile of home she eaid: "I think, dear, you are lookisig a little better noew. I will ride on. Fortunately there is the beef-tea we made last night for Mr. Donald. I will get it made hot, and I will get a cup of strong tea ready for ou. That wsll do wonders " When the cart arrived Mrm. Donald ran out, andes Kate descended clasped her in a long embrece. "Corns straiaht in here, my dear," Mrs. Barker said. "Y have got a basim of cold water and a cup of strong tea, and the two together will do marvels. We will attend to your \- woundeti hers." Reuben remained perfectly quiet and inert as he was liftedout and carried into the house, where a bed had been made up for him in a esoso on rho grosud floor. "Jut lnay him down. Throw a blanket over him, nnd lot him lie perfectly quiet." "Do you think he is really asleep ?" Mrs. Barker asked as she looked at the quiet face. I do. really," her husband replied. "Put your ear closeto his mnouth. He isbreathing s quietly as a child, and," he added, placing his begers on Reuben's wrist, " his puls is a little fast, but regular and quiet; twenty-four hours of sleep will set him up again, unless I am greatly mistaken. I don't expect that this wound wvill turn out unythilorgry serious. Let me think. Was it not this sifternoon that Ruskin said he would be back again ?" - "Y es, either yesterday or to-day." "Thetis lucky. s will be surprised atfind lag two new patiente on his hands now. I will -go and have a look at that noor wretch in the shed. Give me a cupfsl of -jeef-tea; I will pour a spoonful or two between. his lips. You had bettergo ansd look after Kate. You will not be needed here at present. If h a t h lc who had seated 'himssl~sn the greand by the rode of Reuben's bed. '"[ can't roll the poar fellowv away from Isle roaster," he added to lia wife as ha closed the door behind'them; "but I am roolly anxious to koow what baa fakeuplace'out in tire bash2 and whether many of our fellows have been killed. If, as Kate sid, she heard the captain tell the bush-ranger that all his band had been killed, except one who is a prisoner, it has in deed been a most successful expedition, and we colonists can hardly be sufficiently grateful to Whitney~for having rid us of these pasts.. What with that, and the thrashing the blolka havie had, we shall be able to aleep quietly. for rmonths, which is more than we have done for a long tiroe." Kate came out of the moin with Mrs. Donald a minute later. The basin of cold waterrs d the tea had the effect Mrs. Barker pre dicted. A little olonr had teturned into her cheeks, and she looked altogether more like herself. " How in ho?" Irs. Donald naked. _"Inmy apinien he's doing' capitally, ~Lre. Donldd his pulse is quietand even, and he's breathing as quietly as a child, anuI believe he simply insa state of exhaustion, from which so is not likely to we tilldtoamoerrow morning, od Iprodica that inafowv days ha will be up sod about. Indeed, if that bulltebaen'tminbo raved itself, Isee no reason why he ehouldn't reup to- morrow." "That is ndeed a relief to on both," Mbrs. )onald mid, while Kate muld only clasp her lnode in silent thsnkfuineos. ' "And now.how in yeor husband? I hope he a none the worse for all this exertion." "He was terribly agitated at frst,, Ms. lonald mid. "cifainted, yen knew, and he ci out of bedin help roe up, and it was sa such so I ceuld do when I recovered to get him to lie down, faor he wanted to meds and ide after Raei, although, of caurse, he in a weak so a child, and even with sy helphbe anld~ecarcely get itabbead again. 'eaet500055. Mrs.. flnel rse, encase.h merted en roroebsek to fetch yes, to say that he constable was of in pursuit, and that quieted im. ThenIt think he was occupied in trying to beer me, for as soon as he was in bed I broke own and cried till the constable came back to sy that Captain Whitnay had overtaken and bot tho bushranger." Three hours later, to the great relief of all, the urgeon arrived. He was first taken into look t ieuben, having been told all the circam tences of the case, and he confirmed Mr. larker's opinion that he was really in a deep i;witold not wak him on any account," he aid; "itis a great effort of nature, and be rill, I hope, awake quite himself. Of course I in't say anything aenat the woundtill he does. row for his entageniet." The buebranger was still unconscious, thagh ccasionally broken words came from his lip. he surgeon examined his wound. " Heissht eroagh the lungs," he said, "and is bleeding terealy. I do not think there is the shadow fa chance for him, and no one can wish it therwise. It will oily save the colony the epse aof his trial. And now for my original atiet.". Ho was some time in Mr. Donald's roem, and 'hen he came out proceeded at once to mix him soothing dragdht from the case of medicines Scarried behind the saddle. "We rmust get him off to sleep if we can," he did, " or we shall have him in a high state of ever before morning. Arman in his state can't ,through such excitement as he has done ithout paying the Penalty. ind now I oppose, 1 have dane," hebed with a smile as Ire. Donald left the room with the medicine. " Yes, I think so," Mrs. Barker said: "if you ad come an hour earlier I should have put this mnug lady under your charge, but I think that is assurance of my huisband' that Captain Thitoey was doing well has been a better .edirine than you could lyve her." "No wonder ehe is shaben." Mr. Ruskin re arked. " Mrs. Barker tells me you had a sawv fall, too, Miss Ellison." "TYes," sate replied "I was stunned far a me, but beyond being stiff and bruised I am mne the worse for it." " Look here, Miss Ellison," the doctor said, !ter putting his fingers on her wrist, "I ippose you will wont to be about to-morrow hen our brave army returns. Now there nothin you can do here. hMrs. Donald can ares her husband, the other two require no Irsing. Mrs. Barker, I am sure, will take large of the house, and therefore. seriously, I ould ask you to take this draught I am about mix for you, snofi go upstairs and go to bed id sleep till morning." " I could not sleep," Kate protested. "Very well, then, tie quiet without sleeping, ifif in the eveningou fand you tae restless "I hn sore doufe what'soe or aowe iat r uslyn rst inlst' sye Ihe i n her a yerw ow, Mrs. Bnrker, will yetnonOt this medicine end pot this young lady to bed." "I hops she will get alt to eleep," M~rs. chr e~ ald when she came dawn-stairo again. "I have no doubt whatever about it," Mr. usicin replied. "I have given ser a vory rang sloeping-drasruht, tar streoger than I louldithook of giving at any other tome; but iter the tension thatthe poor girl must have mue through. it would need a strong dose to hke efect. I think you willhearnothingmore I her till the morning." Indeed it was not until the suan was well iup is mneat morning that Kate Ellison wake. be could hardly believe that she had slept .I night, but the eastern sun coming on irough her window showed her that she had Diso. She otill felt bruised and shaken all ee, but was othercise herself again. She ressed hastily and weut downstairs. " That's right, my dear," Mrs. Barker, who 's already busy in the hitchen, said. "Ynou oh hesieny and like yourself." "How are my brother and Captain Whit. ey ?" Kate asked. "I don't think Mr. Donald is awake yet," Irs. Barker replied; "but Captain Whitney as just gone out to the shed with my husband of the surgoeon." "Gone ant to the shol!" Kate repeated in stonishment. " Yes, my dear. That poor wretch out there i going fast. He recovered consciousness bout two hours ago. The constable was Itting up with him. Ho asked for water, and ben lay for some time quits 'quiet. Then he aid, ' Am I dreaming, or was it Reuben thitney I fought with ?' ' Yes, it was Cap. sin Reuben Whitney, our inspector,' the oanstable replied. " For a time he lay quiet again, and then eid: 'I want to see him.' The constablo told iim he was asleep and couldn't be woke. "'Is he badly wounded ?' the man asked. I know I hit him' Not very badly, I sope,' the constable answered. 'When he rakesusk him to come to me,' the man said. I know I am dying, but I want to see him irst. if he can't come let somebody else ome.' The constable came in and roused the aoctor, who west out and saw hib, and said he sightlive three or four hours yet. Soon after roids, just as the sun rose, Jim came autto ay that his master was awake. Mr. Rusohin rent into him and examined his wound and rrobed the course of the bullet. It had lodged [oem just at the bottom of the shouldor-bono. am lad to say he was able to get it out. oVhen le had done he told his patient what the lushrabger had msad, and Captain Whitasy in. blted apse ceise out to him. xt woo't dehie es yh s , will it PO "'Kt ishod nsoisusly. "Na, my dear, or Mr. Ruskin would not ave let bin go. I saw him as ho went out, ld shook hands with him, and, except that isoty bandage over his face, he looked quite ilimself again. As I told you, a broken collar lone is a mere nothing, and now we know vhere the bullet went and have got it out, there s no occasion for the slightest anxiety. Here hey come again, so you can judge tor your tlfl." A very few words passedbetween Reubenand tate, for brs. Barker, who saw bow nervous an girl was, at once began to ash himcquestions ebout what the buashranger had said. "He has made a confession, Mrs. Barker, ehich your husband has written down, and tir. Ruskin and Smithson have signed. It is ibout a very old story in which Iwas concerned ehen aboy, but itagret gratification forme :o have it cleared up at last. I was accnsed of soleening a dog belon ging to Miss RElison' klleer, anld woe tried for a burglary committed en the premises, arid 'las acquitted, thanks only :o Miss Ellison's influence exerted on my be salf, I fear," he said with a slight smile, 'someohatillegally. Howveer, thoimputation could have rested on me all my lifo itihad not been for Thorne's conoession. I thought that be did tho first affair. I knew that be was con ;erned in the second, although I could not prove it; but he has now made a full confession, say ing that he himself poisoned the dog, and con firming the story I told at the trial." "Oh, Iam glad!" Kate exclaimed. "You koow, Captairs Whitney, that I was sure of your innocence, but I know how you must have longed for it to be proved to tleo world. What will you do, Mr. Barker, to make it public I"' " I shall eend a copy of the confession, pro perly attested, to thee registrates of Lewes, and another copy to the paper which, Caplain Whitney tells me, is published there weekly." " I suppose there is no hope for him?" K'ats asked in a low voice. "Hoeis dying now,' Barker mid. "Rashin is with him. He was fast becoming ancon scious whs we lfl6hits, andlutkin said thi the end was at ham.. A quarter fai hear later the surgeon came Iin with the newe that all was ever. "New, Captain Whitney, you muet onmi Sinto your roem and let me* bondage up youl ehoulder properly. I hadn't half time to do ii before." wn' "But you on't want me to lie in bed oi an nonsense of that sort "R Iteuben asked. "qI would~If though o would obey m orders ; buts emon chanreof that, elam not trouble to give them. Seriously, I do not think there is any necessity for it, providing always that you will keep yourself very quiet. I shall bandage your arm across your shoot, mo there ran bonn movement of the shoulder, and when that is done 1 think you will be oil right." mr There woe only one moequestion which Be~ubenbad to nobt with regard to the event of the preceding day-why it was that Smithson did not o to his comrade's aooisonk e thon learned that Thorno de the back of thsob o n h awent to the stable, where Smithano wassosleep, bavingboen on guarddrinthenight, nd pueshd piece of wood under the iatchofntheoor, so that it canid not ibe raised. Having thus mocurely fIeteneenomithoonin, he bad gone to the front ofthe house, and had apparently shot down the constable therbefor the lattar w aware Smisthsonr,.wonelda by the shtd tried in vain to get out, and woa only released by hrs. eckrwhense recovered from the eunnis"e blowy whlich the blohnmger had strick her. He hadithen m eunted atonee and folloedin porsoit. In the aftearnoonthe part returned from the .bush, having elperienced no further molesta tion from the natives. Nothing occurred In intprferpwiththe progreos of Reuben's wound, Indo thecourse of a fordnht he wasbegsr ab"torelouehiaedutieb. Ttho complete desa trudtiono of the gauc of buobrangere, and the energy with waich they had been pursued into the now heist psoalsly I oiknen , most woll as ou do. tll doru thiki a littl ugaonte grateditwand instant promotion for A month afterthe return of theparty from the bsasolr. Donald woo about again, and, hs the danger was now pest, he abandoned his idea of selling his properly. The csuroowhicb evento tcok can be judged by the following longs conversation between tio. Donaldand her sister three montbd later. SWell, Kate, sifter oll ho boo dose for no, of course Ihave not ingl to my against it, and I don't euppoos you would mind if I had; still, Idr eeo think of no. W ,dons better." no dcoolb not have done belter," late said hotly," not if Ihad had ths pick of the whole IOetul, not in one way, my dear, for you know that personally I likeo him almost as well anboudo. utigIds think it isn a little unfortonate that-e e ever adev him before." "And I think it's strdynoely fortunate," atesaid stourtly. h it hdn't been that he bad kown us before and cored for mte-he says worshipped, but that's noneense- everhinre I was a child, he would never have made that terrihle ride, and I-t" "Oh. don't talk about it, Kate;. it's too dreadful even to think of 0iv. IfeIl, my dour, no doubt it's all for the Iinst," lice naid, phWilconphicoly. "At anyrate, you are quite appyamsd hems noble fellow. But I hope for your sake that he won't stay in the police. It would be dreadful for you when he was riding boeuthbusting after boshrangers and blacks, for you know, my dear, there are plenty of ethers loftoin he colony." lI told him so yesterday," Kate said, shyly. "I said, of coeros, that I didn't want to influence him." Tlie broke int an lugh. Roulittle goose, an if what you savy doeert infueen eo him." Three weeks later Reuben received a letter fromi Mr.·-Hudsan. "My ~dear Whitlsiy, I am glad to bear from you that you are engaged to be married, anid the circumttances which you tell me of make it a msst interesting ogfair. If Iwere you I shoeld out the constabulary. I incioses a paper from Wilson giving you three weeks' leave. Coins down to Sydney at ence and tolk-it over with me. You kinow I regard you oo my son, and tam going to have a voice in the matter." Rleuben went do[ to Sydney, and after ascertaining hio viewo, M~r. Hudson went into town and forebwith arronged for the porchase for him of a partnership in the chief engineering firm in the towfn. When he told Captoiss Wileon what he bed done the latter declared that be had robbed the colony of tin best police officer. R2euben protested against the generosity of the old settler, but the latter declared he would have no nonoenee on thle subioct. L am onseot Oiirc~esrme~ms ioln ensrosny, me~eooIehoeoso."· There is little more to tell. Reuben bemmom one of the boading citizens of Sydlney, ond twenty yearn afterwards sold his bulsine~s and returued to Eoland sod bought an estate not for from Luwfes' where be is still livingn with his wife oud family. He woo accompatnied from Australia by his mother, who, in spits of borotrong objections to the oea, went out to live with him two years after hos caroinge. The snly~puint upon which Rieuhini Whitney and bin wife hove never been able to conse to on absolute agreececut is au to which cwec moot to the other. [THE ETO,] 