THE INDIAN RISINC. THE MESSIANIC IDEA AND THE CHOST SUPERSTITION. THE SONG OF HIAWATHA- WHAT " BUFFALO BILL" SAYS. Itefcrnug te> the pistureof tbe Indian Ghost Dance which appeared in Tnr. Heb.\ld recently, and for which we are indebted to the "Daily Graphic." a correspondent directs our attcolios to that beautiful word- Hiawatha— and fyiints out that " the ghosts superstition, which is now exciting the Indian cf Dakota, «ut well as the Mctsiaoic idea, with which it is aasociucd, are inimit ably treated by the Mastcr-limucr of Indian lore." "The faith in which the Indian live and difc», aud which ha been tn strikingly wrought Into ihr Scrg of Hirwe'.ha, is maoifcstly of ancient date," continue our corresporxlcnt ; sml though it has of late years rcenred to Le much weaker than formerly, it i« evidently very captble of being revived sufficiently to startle the civilised world. The Dakota tribe., who are credited with the latest revival of tliw antitnt faith, arc, according to official record, not only by far the mojt numcroufl body of wild Indiana now living, but they arc tn« bravest, the crueliat. the most fanatical and the least tractable. They have also the boa leaders and the largest resources, and are the nnut devoted to their tribal faith and practice." Our correspondent rpiote what " BufTalo Bill" has spoken in reference to tho subject of his communication to u. "This is a time of the yrar." sahl Colonel Cody to iui inter viewer on leaving for the frontier, "when no Indian will go on the warpath unless he has food aud fodder. With the .Sioux, who believe they arc rcrring the Great Spirit, and are celebrating tho coming of the Messiah, the position is different. The Mts.uh movement ia widespread. All the Western triben are engaged in their orgies, aod looking forward to the ascent of the great leader. They will daoce. yell and tear their bodi- until they are fairly wild, and then go and scalp defenceless settler. The Messiah movement will lead to trouble un less the dances arc stopped. On the other hand, the interference of the soldiers may precipitate a war, so that- it looks bad cither way. Among the dancers i tbe best fighting blood of the .Sioux and the Cheyenne." Our correspondent concludes:— " Happily, , so at least gays Ucuter, an impending war ha been averted. The red-«kin has laid down his arm at iiis white brother's feet. But the religious feeling has net did. Its fire smoulders yet, aud will cv<r and anon burst forth into flame : yea, even until thu last red-skin has, like Hiawatha, parsed away."' " Thus departed Hiawatha, Hiawatlia, the Iwloved, lu tho glory of the aurwet. In the purple mists of evening. To the regions of the home-wind. Of the north west wind Keewayditi, To the Islands of the Blessed, To the kingdom of I'omeniah, To tho land of the Hereafter.' 