THE WORKS-OF HENRIK IBSEN. MR. CHARRINGTON'S LECTURE., Below we give that portion of Mr. Char- rington's lecture on the works of Henrik Ibsen, in which he gave a very able and. interesting summary of Ibsen's poetic drama Brand. It appears better to give this part of the lecture in extenso, or nearly so, rather than to attempt a summary of the whole. The chief reason for doing this is that ''Brand" is regarded by most students of Ibsen as his central and probably his most important work, and as .no English transla- tion of it has yet been issued, it may safely be said that Mr. Charrington's summary will care to readers in this colony with all the charm of absolute novelty. As to the drama itself Mr. Charrington's own words will serve for introduction. He says : All Ibsen's grandest qnalities are employed in this poem. " Brand " is the prophet, of the ideal. " All or Nothing " is his cued, and the poem contains the history of the hero who unflinchingly follows his own con- victions. It is the Christian religion seen and tested by the light of nature—sternest nature. With terrible trenchant words, " Brand " cuts away the modern humanitarian cant which has grown round the old teaching and puts the original command clearly before us. What it is more thaa this, you must judge for yourselves when the book is translated. You may easily imagine that I can here and now give yon very little of such a work. If I read you the argument of, say, " Paradise Lost," you would- hardly thank me. Yet something of this sort I must do for " Brand." Some sort of configuration of the poem I must give yen sine j I am here to do it, and when I come to any lines which have especially appealed to me-where I have been closest to the giant (so to speak)-I will quote from a rough unmetrical translation. Our principal adverse critic in London, Mr. Robert Buchanan—author of " Dr. Cupid " and other plays-described the characters ia " A Doll's House " as—a sensual and worldly minded husband, an idiotic wife, a maunder- ing' physician, a gloomy and tiresome cashier who had been cashiered, and an unpleasant widow lady who had been deprived by death of an unpleasant husband. Perhaps I may, after this fashion, describe the characters in "Brand" as "a half-mad enthusiast, a wholly-mad girl of fifteen, a silly and sub- missive wife, a loose-living painter, a few worldly- minded officials, and an avaricious old woman. The eye sees what it brings the means of seeing, and out of these materials Ibsen has composed the world tragedy of "Brand." ACT I.-Scene I. Brand, a priest and teacher by nature and by profession, is discovered, when the curtain * rises, struggling across a .rough mountainous country. ' It is twilight. A thick grey mist, " without track," envelopes hin, and abysses yawn on every side. Bat he must go " onwards." Presently he meets' a peasant and his son, parishioners from whom he is departing. The peasant shouts after him, and warns bim that he ia going the wrong-way ; it will be impossible to travel in that direction with life. Brand reminds the peasant that he had himself started to visit his dying daughter, who cannot leave the world in peace without seeing him. Why is he abandoning so clear a duty ? " No,"-any sacrifice but life the peasant is ready to make .-but his life he will not risk further. He even trios to detain Brand? by foroe from almost certain suicide; but Brand breaks away, and the peasant and his son retara the way they cama,Jeaving the daughter uncom forted and the duty unfulfilled. Brand, as he looks after them, mockingly soliloquizes on man's absurd clinging to life, And among other things he says : " Help is wasted on that man, "Who only wills tbat»whieh he can." The man who only strives to do what ha is able to dois not of any interest. We must in these days attempt the impossible to reach any worthy goal. Brand is roused from this reverie by the 'sound of songs caud laughter, and looking ,down through the mist, which is gradually clearing, he sees a crowd of merry-makers in the valley below bidding farewell to a young couple who bound together with garlands, come dancing and singing up the slope towards' him. And as they reach the brow of the hill on which he is standing the mist which has wreathed away before their footsteps} -finally clears and gives place to a brilliant summer morning. The eouple tam ont,to be Einar a painter, and Agnes his promised wife. iThey continue dancing and singing till Brand shouts to thom "Stop! you are on the verge of an abyss." Then fol- lows a conversation in which Einar explain« to Brand that they have been enjoying what we should call a " send-off " and rhapsodizes on the free artist's life he and Agnes intend to lead together. Brand's harsh admonitions recall the past to Einar, and he recognises in the priest his former school-fellow. How- ever, Brand sternly repels his cordial ad- vances. There can be no communion be- tween them he says in effect-and when Einar, after a few more words, asks him, Whither he is going? he replies:-"My goal is certain. I am travelling towards a grave." " Whose grave ?" ask Einar and Agnes together. "Don't ask me," says Brand. And When they press to know, he replies, " The grave of your God and of other earth spirits like you; a highly necessary funeral ; he has been'tottering that way for the last thsusand years." " Brand, you are ill," shouts Einar. " God forbid !" exclaims Brand ; *' I feel as fresh and healthy as the fir on tile mountain-the bash of the forest. It is only the weaklings of this cowardly time that wince at strong words." " You only want to laugh a little Love a little, play a little Feel a little, believe-somewhat!" " Look around you," he continues. "Every- one in these days, great and small, under- stands the art of going just far enough, and not too far, in everything." " A little earnestness in sacred things ; " A little loyalty to the faith of your fathers ; A little jovialty in the camp, Because your fathers did that too. A little enthusiasm in little ;eoteries Fame circles round a little name." And later "In every thing, littleness, neither good quali- ties nor bad, go far. You meet with frag- ments only in great things and small-in good and in evil. And the worst of this mixture this half-good, half-bad-is, that at last it ends by choking all sense of right." Even Carlyle has nothing so scathing as this denunciation of the "halfness" of the nineteenth century, from which, of course, I have only been able to extract fragments. It angers Einar a little, and he tells Brand that he is -straying., from the subject he (Brand) started—namely, his God, whom he is going to bury. On which Brand flashes out : " You are an artist ; paint your God as he appears to you. You-have impressed his form on the world clearly enough." And then in a bitter diatribe against what we may eall the visualised God the Father of the Christian artist, he says, " Your God is an old, old man; good-natured certainly, but strong enough to hunt the children into bed. If he is to continue effective, give him spectacles and slippers . . . And don't forget his crutches." " My God" is not ao weakly made," he says later. " He is young and strong." And when Einar asks, " Are you going to make us a new God then?" Brand replies in the characteristic verses : "I do not strive after mere novelty. I only build on the eternal, churches, articles and teachings. I oannot truthfully profess to honor ; Tbey were bora outof-tirae-time will devour them. Only the free spirit of man is eternal." After Brand has left them, Agnes stands looking straight in front of her, and is not to be "roused, though Einar paints again in glowing colours tho joys of tho life they are to lead. " Did you notice ?" she murmurs. " Notice what ?" asks Einar. "How he seemed to grow as he talked.'' Agnes and Solveig— the heroine of "Peer Gynt"—are perhaps the most beautiful of all of Ibsen's women,the creations which more than any other entitle him to be called the poet of womanhood. Ia his later prose works the portraits may be more subtle, the studies moro elaborate, but these two are ideal types of purest woman- hood, that must seize every heart and make it ache with their sorrows. Agneau comes dancing into the picture, as we have seen, bringing light with her, as she7 continues to do till'the end. She is at once magnetizad by Brand's enormous will-power and enthusi asm, and the rest of her sweet existence is offered up on the altar of his terrible ideal. Yon watch the flower and the bud-the child she has borae to h» wither in the stern un genial at m sphere of Brand's life work. Scnelf. The second scene of the first act it a steep rooky road, with mountain peaks rising on all sides. Brand soliloquizes as he looks down on the little church in the valroy, and watches the piople going there out of mere custom. " fhey go to repeat 'Our Father,'" he says, "and the only petition which sings true and clear through the land is-the fourth " Giro -u» this day our daily bread." This soliloquy is out abort by Gerd, a mad girl of fifteen, who nrges bim with wild fantastic sp aechas, and mocking gestures at ïthe people below, to come to her ohurch among '-'the pinnacles of ice a ad snow." Regardless of his warning shouts, she springs upwards till lost to sight amidst the perilous heights, and Brand is left alone to sum up the events of the aot. " Folly crowned with a wreath dancing on the edge of a precipice "-Eimar and Agnes. " Dull- ness-crass stupidity-gladly sheltering him- self behind old custom, and madness so demented that it takes good for evil." " Well, onward," he cries, " war to the knife with this Trinity till it be vanquished. I knew my goal ; I see it brighten like sunlight through the obinks of a wall ; I feel it ! This devilish Trio once defeated, mankind will become free. When these rest in the bosom of the grave the world's load of misery will be loosened. Then arise soul and draw thy sword, the goal is worth the struggle-." And with this fresh burst of morning enthusiasm the act closes. Aot II.«-Scene I. The first soane of the second act is laid on the brink of a fiord, or sea- lake-the old half-ruinous church standing on a height hard by. Famine aad sickness are raging in the country ; food and other small charities are being dispensed sparingly by the head official or magistrate of the district to the starving crowd. The weather is'wild and stormy ; Eimar and Agaeä are spectators of the scene. Brand enters, and gives the people as they at first take it only hard words. He tells them that if distress and fa aine do not rouse them to worthy action thoy do not deserve freedom. " A noble people, however small, sucks life aud strength out of neeessity." The storm meanwhile rises, and the fiord is lashed into boiling foam. The people revile Brand for preaching to them at such a moment, and are about to attack him when they are inter- rupted by the appearance en the crags above of a tattered fignre shrieking for help. It- is a woman whose husband has killed his only child rather than see it die of starvation. She has oome to implore the aid of a priest. Across the fiord will be the quickest way, so Brand at once calls for a boat, and in spite of the fierce remonstrances and hindrances of the crowd, be is putting off into the stormy waters. No one dare go with him, though he must have a helper to work the boat. Even the man's wife prefers to gobaok by the long road she carne round the mountains. At last Agnes says to Einar, " You go.|^I give you leave." "I would hive done siT-before you were mine," replies Einar, " Not now ; life is too dear." "That answer separates us for ever," cries Agnes as she leaps into the boat amidst the women's shrieks and Einar's re- proaches. The people dap irt saying "That is the parson for us. Tha /a the man for us " -and the scene ends as the magistrate gathers up his papers and exclaims : " I too am always ready to do my duty ; but not out of my own parish." Scene 2. The second soene takes place-'outside the hut of the dying man, which Brand and Agnes have, almost by a miracle, think the people, reached safely. A delegate from the neighbouring village comes to persuade Brand -to become its pastor, and ultimately prevails. A conversation follows between Brand and Agnes, in which his'growing influence over her is worked out. It is in this scene, while speaking of his aims to her, that the lines occur that have been so often quoted of late in England : " Ona thing only I demand Room to become myself completely ; To keep oneself inviolable. Is surely a lawful desire." This dialogue is broken of by the advance of an old shrivelled woman, in whom Brand recognises his mother. She has come in search of him. She had heard of his reckless defiance of death, and begs him to be more tendor of his life- promises him a great inheritance when she dies. She longs for his companion- ship and he equally for hers-but he demands that she should give up all her wealth to God, and her life-long habit of avarice and ac- cumulation, is too strong for this demand. He tells her that when she sends for'tim he will come, but only on condition that she is ready to give np all-and she departs'"weeping at his harshness. Then he goes back to Agn93 heart-weary and depressed. " How different |the evening from the morn :f-ing¿" he criesj £;; "I heard battle songe echoing, I felt full ready to wield the sword of anger To kill lies and ghosts, ^. To chase evil oat of the land at the sword's point." Agnes' belief in him seems to brace his spirit afre8h,r.a«d his conquest over her soul is complete by the time Einar bornes to claim her. She has to choose between thom, priest and painter. " All choice is gone' from me, she avows, , . Yon beckon in vain, (to Einar) - ? .. ~ Though I sink beneath thief load of life-'* Brand, coming »stepnearer, interrupts her: " Consider well, woman, he ories, Between these rocky walls, Wbere the storms sullenly, brew, : Where the day is never more tbañ twilight, My life will pass overshadowed by ondlesa .".v . , terrors," '.""' " . "Terror be far from my soul," ;;replie» ?:-;:?.Agnes,íf., v-, *MÍ- "Through there breaks »iitár^f|úfesé\? 1 "StUl,?''persists Brand, "lam Itènfin my demands; I expect All ofNothing^'" '"" ^ -".*' *'* -'-'n' ? , If you fight by my side, __,.? Hope to .evade nothing.. 7 0':< ¿Liï 'Hope not to forego the bitter'çup,<^^| Inexorable is the command,' ; ;.-"; >:;{_;." : Steadfast-and true-till death." " Fly ! fly;!- this, mad fate " oesèechès' Einar, "Fly from this msn who,mercilesslyset^be -foreyoa, . ' ;- . wv_.r;j..; . .,. ,;V Ah unattainable goal, -y V..V >,!':'/ ^p- ..> With meryon will:sharon peaceful;life,? "Good .'be it so then," replies Brand, "With youles the choice " ';? '.i H :i. r And he is gpihg.. ? ] _.:..- -i _^ /.:f;\'J\7,.^,¡_ "Yes, continues Einar, í-jv. :. = ;;/>: c-" ? .'. Choose:between storm and stillness,-: Between peace of heart and terror^ - Choose between; pleasure1 and pain, (i ' Between brightly and'sorrow,- -: Misery and happiness, l '. >'.. i 'I :-. ï i Between life and death, -. A'¡J*. -'.;'; Choose?'* ,t.^\;: 'v//'^ Rising, and with olear emphasisV; Agues ex» OhÛmS,:--^Vi';- '.-;;:-.-£ÏÎ' . "For mV the night and path of Death,, In the1 distance breaks the dawn." ;4 : And she oasts in her lot with Brand. ' ' "v , * ; .Aotlll.-r-Scene I. The third act opens after an interval of three years. Bran^h^ fsettled ;down^aa the pastor, -pt the community-and the scene begins in the gardonof the tiny parsonage. They have one child,' delicate--passionately loved, Brand is discovered wistohing for the) message from his mother's fjîeath-bed ^which will tell him that at the eleventh7 hour sha wills to render her all to God without reserve. Agnes watching his. grieved face, urges; bim to go without summons-after all she. ia his mother-Ne I All souls'are equally God's, he dare-make no distinction with kith and kia. Besides, if he must, persuade his mother to the sacrifice it-is-as though unmade. The will is all. The usual death-bed repentance means nothing to Brandi Mingled with his sternness we; get lu '.this, scene' glimpses of exquisite tenderness to wife and'child,' and .through them to all humanity. The lines ob which they gradually approach the;subject of the child's health, and each-fearing, reads the other's--every expression.of fear taking tie form of a timidquestion to tho other-this scene might be" acted, perhaps, but the feel- ing is so subtle and delicate that I will not attempt to reacTir".'" ~.,,.. . . Later on Brand speaks of himself as harsh and stern, with power,to show love to.them only» "No," replies Agnes, "7 not only to us, to all here, for,;a1! the 1 members .>bf our church. >: -¿v.*'^ j If a mothir weeps, ifia" child criè3, ....\'iToaiaré;there/.'. . r-'!^%. You ara te misery atoff ^nd propV At your heart's rich feast, poverty finds .'.?''al wayy--;> r-. -"? t ....??? ;.:;.?..-: ?.n Bread and fish." Fish, you know, is the staple food ef Norway. Brand says: "Through you and him,-^4you bridged the . ;;.;..;:;guif ?. ? " ?'? t-s---i!~~ ürom where i stand to heaven. Man cannot rightly love mankind, Till he feel love for one alone. I had to love, I had to soften Else had my aching heart been stone." The doctor comes from a visit to Brand'a mother, and Brand eagerly greets him, but me its with disappointment. There is no summons. Will he come unbidden P No, and watching him depart, he says to. Agnes in comment on what the Doctor has urged : No word «fthis earth " Has been so distorted with lies As this little word, Love'! x ' I know God's love well, ^^ And I know how it acts"; ''-c * It is hard for yon till you fall tremblings And awring your hands ia agony. That you can not will be forgiven you, Never that yon will not. And again ; This love is a clcak ~ Thrown over the mire in which you can wallow. If the path be narrow and steep, Oat of Love they hold you back; If one goes wrong, and knows it for vice, " Lors " cavers the error with a plaster. If the will conquers in bloody strife, Then comes thg time for love to speak, It raises as on the wings of a dove, It brings us the olive leaf of life. But with this people lax and sluggish The beat love-would be Hate. He seems shocked at his own thought, then says slowly :- * "_ " Hate : a little word-yes to will that, To drive that into one's heart, By that only can one conquer in this world's battle." Oae cannot help being reminded by Brand's attitude, of what Carlyle says of Dante, " Infinite pity yet infinite rigor of law. It is so nature is made. It is so Dante discerned that she was -made. ... A man who does not know rigor, does not know pity either. His very pity will be cowardly, egoistic- sentimentality or little better. I know not in the* world an affection* eqaal to Dante's. It is a tenderness^ a trembling, longing, pitying, loving, Uko the wail of folian harps, soft, soft like a child's young heart. And then that stern, sore, saddened heart ! . . . All this we feel as we watch Brand ia the third and fourth acts. After the scene I have tried to indicate, he goes t* the bed- side of his child, where Agnes patches his soul striving in agony with conflicting feel- ings, loving the people-hatred of .their sins -tenderness which must show itself in ut- most rigor.^Thofather's heart bidding him take his dear ones where the/ will be safe in health, at least-the pastor's conscience which bids him stay at his p03t. Messages come from the mother towards whem Death is creeping closer ar.d closer ; she will give up half, two-thirds - nine-tenths-will he not, Oh! will he not come ? No. " Allot nothing.1' The. chief magistrate of the district ap- proaches-a bread man with hands in his pookets--his, figure looking, eays Brand, like a parenthesis between a* pair of brackets. He urges Brand to go away sow that he is likely to inherit some money ~ fromr~his~ mother; -and-can -afford to de so. Brand, as you may imagine, is an «xoeèdingly/unpleasant person to have in¡any* well-T^gufeted community.* ¡,*fpojjroujsuifr us ? Do we suit yon ?" says the magistrate. Brand declines to enter into these, questions. He will stay at his post. The magistrate re- peats that he*will dp no goed." No One under «tanda Brand, his work will not prosper, his goal will never be reached. To which Brand replies:- """ "^ " With clearness onee it was made manifest, There is no greater victory than defeat." The Magistrate; A man fights by himself hopelessly. " , Brand : The best will follow me. Magistrate4 The most will go,my road. Exit the magistrate and as Bran'd watches him depart he sums him up in these words : " The true people's- man, as it is written, clever, well-made, cheap." ' The doctor enters with the news of the mother's death unrepentant, uuabsolved and from this'point Brand's life is one rain of "blowsZ^In 'the midst of his- shudderiug sym- pathy 'far* his mother's souL1 Agnes enters hastily, and summons'the doctor to the child's bedside, the doctor returning with his pitiless verdict,, that to remain wherethey are is to sign little 'Ait's ' death" warrant.4- Another winter in this place and he'must wither-die. "Away" he^cries "If you would save your child." Brand in *> frenzy of passionate affection, bids .Agnes get ready-he w¿ll set aside every- thing to save'the child-let her get ready tit once, tliis very day, this very hour.f She hastens inte the house to make preparations, and the doetentakes an old friend's privilege to twitr the parson with the failure of his own teach- ings when thoy affect, himself, and so brings upon us perhaps the most harrasiñg scene in the whole play. Brand, roosed from his freney, stands holding his head with his hands." "Was I blind then or now?" he cries: .».The dqotor ¡rej¿ina that he but held the mirror up ¿o-him., t Of course, Brand fias a father's heart after, all, such weakness but ennobles-and departs.1 After a moment's pSusé,'Brand* groans :'" He hit the 'mark ; the wing íb shot." Then Agnes enters,«the child in her arms^ ready for departure, and at the same moment a friendly- parishioner, speaking over, the gate, Warns the pastor tha^ he has an'enemy».w"yíes,'/say¡sí Brand, strik- ing his heart, " Here !" The man goes on- to say that the magistrate is spreading a report that the shepherd is about to desert his flock -the people are to be' left* without a priest ; but they, and he >who speaks, de npt believe) it,, They have faith, and will await Brand's decision undisturbed. He passes on', and Agnes, who has heeded nothing out her^child, says; M Come! 1 am ready." " For what B" asks Brand, hoarsely. Agnes : " Only come away out of this death-vault into life." Gerd.-the'mad; girl, who is(ranning along outside the edge stops, to jeer and mock at Brand with mad taunt*. She has seen the parson riding away. "Your thoughts are bewildered," says Brand. Gerd : " See, I stand Jn6re"" ¡, < " You J ;yes, but not the parson-^ You are only his shadow left.., Tour church-stands empty without priest or honour.", " She asouses him of idol worship, worship of child's hands, which are peepingjont f rom the bundle which Agnes carries, and after a wild rhapsody of triumph-her church "against his*-she leaves him. \ ~ Agnes-Brand, it is time ; let us go. o*Brand (staring at her) - Whîoh way? (painting.first to the boase then to the gate), That or this P Agnes* (shrinking back) -? Brand ! Your child ! Brand-Answer me this : Was X a priest first, or a father ? Agnes (ahrinking'again)-Never ask me to answer that question Brand-But you must answer, The mother's heart feels even greater pain. Agnes-I am a wife so I obey, But-I trust your mercy. 'Brand (seizing her arm)-Take from me this cup. .* Agnes (shrinking away)-Can the mother in me choose ? Brand-That is almost deeision. Agnes (firmly, almost fiercely)-I ask you, what« is your ¡choice ? Brand-Yonr command rings clearer. Agnes-Speak ! Is your calling clear to you ?, Clear what God demands ? Brand--Yes ! Now speak you t The way of life or death. , Agnes-Go the way God orders. (Then ' there is a long pause.) *' Brand-It is tim*. ; let us go. r ~~ m Agnes (toneles3ly)-Which way, Brand? ..(He'is silent ; he cannot speak it.) Agnes (pointing to the gate, whispers) There ? Brand (pointing to the door)-No ! There ! Agnes (raising the child in her arms) God,! if I must yield this child to thee, let it draw me up also. Teaeh me my hard duty. (She goes slowly into the honse.) Brand, after a pause, breaks into sobs, strikes his hinds over his head, and flings himself down ou the threshold, crying : 7* Jesus ! Jesus ! Give me light ! **, ' Act IV. * . When Act IV. opans it is Christmas eve in the parsonage just at dusk. Agnes is dis ;: covered in deep mourning standing by the window looking out into the darkness. She is v expecting Brand who presently returns covered from head to foot with snow. Soon after his return they stand looking out to- gether over the little grave newly added to the churchyard. Agnes' tears break forth as she sees it clearly half-covered with snow. * " It must be so eold" she says. Brand, with * tears in his eyes and sternest words upon hi» lips shows himself still the same, rebuk- ing, all exacting, and Agnes gives vent to almost the only lament in tho-play, which savonra of rebellion. She recalls bitterly the "Santy Days" When he warned her that with him she would be bowed under the burden of life. i " Easy to lift and hard to carry" she says quoting his warning. " Ah I stand now quite without hope. AlHs too great for me. You, your office, your aims, your act* All : Your will, being, growing. ?>f . Even the'rocks that overhang us ¡ 1 A.öd the fiord that hems me ia , Pain memory strife and woe All is too great for me Oaiy the church cramps me." r Brand, startled says : , " Our church ! Only that ? AU else is too great And that alone confines and cramp« you." f ' Agnes cannot give any explanation. She only knows that it is so. She feels this truth-" Our church is too small." This appears to Brand as a call from Heaven, He will build a larger, freer chureb. it is she now who shows him the way, and almost like a child he implores her : she must not forsake him, she brings light from Heaven, she must stay by his side. She ans weis nobly toihis cry, reminds him of their happy days, and bids him draw strength from the remembrance. They shall not be- cause they have been sorely stricken for- swear all joy. They shall follow the difficult ,. path rejoicing, not complaining, strongly, not / weakly. Can he find tears in her eyes now P ^After soma further dialogue between them, the magistrate esters and avows himself a beaten man. -Brand has not only 'itheJbest," he has "the most" with him. He lays out for Brand's approval and co-operation his schemes, cunningly laid to bring popularity and aggrandisement to the schemer, thoogh on the surface they are all for the people's good. Poverty is no longer to exist in the land, certainly not in the magistrate's pocket. One thing only is lacking to his schemes money. Brand loveB the people-will be not join'in this glorious work? Brand cannot, he is about to build. What ? A new church. -But why*? why a church. A people's palace-a mad-house-anything useful, but why on earth a church ? Besides; the old one has stood so many years. ** It has grown too small " says Brand. h Ah, but "did you ever see it full ? " re- plies the Magistrate. Brand: There is not room in it for one pure soul to lift himself to God. The Magistrate: ton yourself furnish a proof how much a lunatic asylum is needed. When he finds, however, thai; Brand does not intend to com» upon the people for money to build his sew church, but is.goug to use for it the whole of his mother's for- tune, his objections- cease,. He bids Braad farewell Cheerfully, and departs with^ the intention of strengthening his owe position by joining forces with a man who is bound to be so influential. Then follows a beautiful soene, in .which Agnes deplores the loas of her child, and Brand reasons, with her. Brand says^",You have memory-your pain, your rebellious flood of tears." _ Agnes crieB, in despair, " I haye my hot heart's blood ; take it-take it-take it." Brand tells her that she must not bring her sacrifice so, but with joyful heart, i Agnes (shuddering): ?'Oh, it's hard to draw,near, toyour God., And yet," she pre- sently, adds, with stronger shudders, " now, like an opening ,galfJ I see before me the words whose meaaing I had not guessed" before." . , "Jfhat words ?" asks Brand. * ' Agnes,; " Who sees God, dies." "Oh, shut your, eyes, hide yourself; yen shalLnpt see bia\,"jBries. Brani, catching her in bis.arms!i A fewjmore" sentences between'1 ¡them, in which, twith the certainty ef coming ¡death within her heart, she shows herself 'once mpre strong'and calm. He, so wow' and weary with striving that he is tired; 'must rest. He leaves her with a blessing, and she again gives vent to hep despair. ' .After another scene with Brand, in which, at his instigation, she gives the clothes of her' dead child to the child of a beggar woman,: the dialogue continues : Agnes (stands a moment ia silent con- flict with herself) : "" Brand, tell me would it be right if you asked from me more? " Brand : " First say if yon gave willingly." Agnes : « No.*' Brand : " Then it was nseless, And in vain the pain of giving." Agnes (as ha. reaches the door) ; "Brand ! " Brand: «. What is it!" Agnes : " I have lied. I was weak, and i, t deceived you, And am sorry. Ysu thought I had given all I had." Brand: "Well." Agnes (taking from her breast a little woollen cap, she says) : " I kept one thing ; This little cap ; he wore .in the death hour. With, my tears and with the sweat, J" haye worn it in my breast. ^Be not angry ! Though I know?' "Go where your idols shall rule you," says Brand. Agnes (alone): All gone-destroyed-down- trodden- The last hope-Belief-Prayer. (She stands motionless, and gradually the expression of her face changes into radiant joy, and as Brand returns, she flies into his arms) : "1 am free, Brand, I am free," she cries. Brand: "How?" Agnes : "All the darkness is past and over, The mountain that was crashing my heart Has rolled far, far away, And my breast swells with vic- tory. Through darkness and death , _ t Shine3 the dawn. The churchyard no longer makes : my heart Quail for love, tears my wound epsn no longer, r For my child is dead no longer ; But has safely reached heaven." Brand ^-Yes^ Agnes." criesJBrand, .* You have- conquered." Agnes (stillin ecstacy): "Over death and terror. Might I, could, I in this hour de- mand him baek, I would not; Only now yo» havo the choice your all or nothing." Brand : " Your words are riddles ; The struggle is past." Agnes : " Yes, but over the door stand written Who sees Jehovah dies." Brand shrinks in sudden terror. No he will bear all, ail, but she must be by his side. She must be there to help hin«. She recalls to him his own solemn words : J1 Choose, you stand at the parting ways." "Her soul is in his hands now. If he ~ wills ker te retnrn to the animal life, the spiritual death be has drawn her from, so be it, let him but choose." " No " {says Brand), " I have no choice." The scene oleses with Brand Mt alone, pressing his hand on his heart, saying : " Heart hold firmly till the end, Victory lies in hard necessity. Only what we give up belongs to us eter- nally," Act V.-Scene L Opens eighteen mouths lator. The new church is built and it is consecration day. Brand is heard playing his soul's lament on the organ within, while from the conversation outside the church we learn how he is worshipped by the people. But, when tie hour of consecration comes and Brand stands before his people to address them, the con- viction against which his soul has striven bursts upan bim with invincible force, and be sees clearly that this church also is too narrow, as must be any temple made with hands. He leads his people up the steep «aountain away from the dark valley previously throwing the ehurch key into the fiord. "Those who workship there may creep throagh the key-hole Learn to stoop and twist." The people follow him at first with shouts and cheers-the two principal officials of the township alone remaining behind-to follow later in the hopes of recovering the laggards behind. After a hard pilgrimage, the paopio, growing weary, demand of Brand some more definite deseription of what awaits them ; Of why he does well to take them from their homes along the steep and rooky path. Three things they would fain have clearly understood:-1st. How long the strife will last ? 2nd. What sacrifice is claimed ? 3rd. What shape the reward will take ? Brand's reply rings definite-not much compromise about Brand- * How long the strife shall last ? Until your lives shall end. Till you have sacrificed your all. And the sacrifice p All your idol?. With which you fill God's place.' The reward of victory ? Unity of will. ' Uplifting of belief ; purity of soul j The joy that shudders through you When yon have freely yielded all. The orown of thorns about your brows These shall be your rewards." The crowd revile him, crying out " Betray- ed-Undone !" The two officials arrive op- portunely, and the leading spirits of the mob make terms with them, after which with stones and curses they drive j Brand from them into the wilderness, and^set forth ou their retnrn to the valley. As they go, the magistrate and the bishop turn to seen Brand torn and bleeding on the heights, with the girl Gerd beside him. Magistrate : " This bloody people's judgment , Seems to me not human." The Bishop (laying his finger on his nose) ; '* Tho voice of the people is the voice of God. Come on.'* - ' And1 they go down towards the Valley. I Scene II. The second and last scene 'is laid in the Wildest- parts of the Norwegian mountain scenery. Brand Btumbles into sight, and sinksjuponga stone, bleeding, hurt beyond recovery., He reverts in mind to childish recollections of gloomy hours, the " big Dark" where lie 'crouched trembling before the terrors of the unknown. It is now, with his mind weakened -by suffering, his body broken with pain, that he is to meet his last-per- haps his mest deadly temptations. The singing of an invisible choir strikes on his ear, and listening he hears himself contemned arid pitied, his work belittled, his aims derided. ?' Voices¡i, " Never, worm, can you approaoh j him. { r You are wedded to the flesh. "You may follow, creep about Him ; ' Always will your soul be damned." With bitter tears, more heart-piercing'per- haps than any he has shed before, be wails for Agnes, for Alf, for some light from the old bright days. A sunny shaft of light pierces through the mist, ,and there swims before his eyes a woman's form-with Agnes' face, Agues' form-tender arms stretched out towards him. With a cry of " Agues," Brand is springing forward, but in terror the spirit warns him to heed the abyss. Then in gentle tones she tells him he has been fever stricken, ill-all was a dream ; she is alive. Alf is alive awaiting him by his mother's side. He shall return to them in health of mind and body, and to his parishioners, who wait for him with trnsting .hearts, in the peaceful valleyr as in the good time before. Brand, struck by this; says, " Good ?" " Peace ?" The» the spirit telis him that grand as his life has been, his chanoes of doing good with it have been all but wrecked through three little words. They are-all or nothing. Brand recoils as though from an abyss. He sees what is before him, for what it is-tempta- tion-though in the form of his most dearly loved. He "cannot understand, but he can resist to tho death. Spirit ÎIu You will take up "the* useless burden?" Brand: "Once again." -- Spirit : And your Alf ?" r Brand : " Lose him if I must ? Yes." Spirit : " Again you will trap mo with fangs of martyrdom ; Let me bleed my heart away. aQaietly watch, though none bring aid Not even God himself." Brand : " If I must-yes ! Ask me noJonger, for I must. Not for my own reward I suffer ; Not for self's victory I fight." The fig are disappears with a crash in horrible shape, and Gerd comes running gun in hand, and asks Brand if he has seen the horror. As she looks at Brand she recognises in bim the parson. Sho sees the blood and wounds -the marks like thorns npsn his brow-and the temptation of self-seeking meets Brand for the last time-at the last stage of his life'B journey. With reverent ecstaey Gerd will worship, will kiss the ground his 'blood has stained. Will hail him Christ but in horror. Brand waves her from him. " What am I ?" cries he-«c a"worm." Gerd points out to him as the mists roll back, that he has come where she long since invited him- to her church on the height. He shivering in the approaching death agony, longs for the Southern sun-for Agnes' lovo for peace. In broken weeping accents, pitiful as a little child's the strong man wails aloud for Jesus for a touch of his hand-for a shred of his garment, and even as he weeps, love and joy come. Gard sees him reviving-glowing, growing younger. " Thanks, oh thanks to the great Dispenser, The frozen path leads to the goal he cries, And at last comes sunshine." He sinks in the snow, and Gerd cries that floating above is the shape of horror-watch- ing. She raises her gun-shoots, the report loosens the avalanche, and as it engulfs them, Brand calls aloud. " Tell me. God, ia the hour of death, For salvation is not man's will enough ? The avalanche bnries him and fills the valley and a voiee following the thunder, sounds : " He is the God of Love ! Dew Caritatis." Impoetant to Housewives, Bakers Pastes Cooks, Ac-Brockhoff's celebrated, self- raising Flour, ''Eagle Brand," can now be had from all leading grocery atores in Perth and Fremantle. This flour is the only popular make in »11 the colonies, and won't fail to recommend itself to all Housewives, Bakers, and Pastry Cooks. Don't neglect to try it. 