[?] 'y- PART in. -CHAPTER I. ;> "the ladybird. " . " Good-night, Ladybird !" "Good-night, and pleasant dreams, IV Ladybird !" . It was the ward of a public hospital fii v' . — the hour, close upon twilight — the j .! , time, eany spring — tne scene, mueocc. ' ' The lengthy hospital wards were tilled with sufferers, and for each of them she had a kind word who tripped so lightly down the long aisle. Dulled eyes brightened, weary throb bing heads lifted, hands stretched forth, parched lips opened, to bid her good-night. They all knew her — they all loved her — the tendorest of nurses, the most patient of scribes; everyone i; of those hospital patients knew "the Ladybird." See her as she trips so fleetly and so jauntily down the long ward, with the last golden gleam of the April sunset , bright on her dark, sparkling face, and great, shining black eyes. She is as darkly-handsome as some old Sal- vator or Murillo painting ; the oval face duskily olive; the long, lazy, 5 Andalusian eyes black, liquid, fiery or melting as you like; the thick, silky, curly crop of jetty hair growing in little kinky ring3-over the low brow, all cut short like a boy ; the lips and chin simply perfect, dimpled, rosy, . sweet ; and her cheek — ;; t . Her cheek is liko a Catherine pear :V The aide that's next tho sun. A little, lithe, supple figure, an airy 'U dress, all crimson and blaok, a black velvet cap with c, scarlet feather, set jauntily, like a boy's, on the crisp black rings of hair at the right side — that is the "actress. i There were all manner of stories afloat about the little black-eyed i beauty, who smoked rose-scented cigarettes, rode across country liko a bird," shot liko a rifleman, with revolver or carbine, danced liko a premiere dansense, sang like h wood-lark, chattered French like a little grisette, and spoke English perfectly, with the most delicious little accent in the world. She was a charming actress, the most fascinating of stage coquettes, the most irresistible of females de : chambre and soubrettes, and uttorly ; and entirely bewitching in silk' tights and sla'slied doublets as a court- page, with plumed hat on head, and slim rapier at her side. On the stage or off the stage, she was bewildering. Everyone knew her for tho brightest, the merriest, the 1 prettiest little dark fairy alivo. Fur ther than that, all about her was of the most shadowy and delusive. She had first mado her appearance in a third-rate theatre, in the role of 8oubretto, and that first appearance was a decided hit. The frequenters of the third-rate, east side theatre, began to look eagerly for the little, saucy ' brunette face and big black eyes, the pretty little dances, the sweet little songs. Then all at once she was whisked ' away to a certain stylish house, and made her debut as " Ladybird," in tho most delightful little three-act drama, written expressly for her, and which, as you know, ran noarly one hundred nights, and mado Ladybird famous. ' But who she was, or whore she came from, or what her name might be, no ono knew — no, nob the manager, not her most intimato friend, not her most impassioned adorer. For, of courso, she had adorers, this dashing, pretty girl of 17, more than you would care to count. And she took their bouquets, and declined more costly gifts, and listened to their protesta tions with black, dancing eyes of fun, and made them a stage curtsey, and said, " No, thank you, monsieur," to ono and all. She was really the eighth wonder of the world — so young, so handsome, so , reckless and full of frolic, and yot so shrewdly sensible, and so invulnerable to .the arrows of the little blind god. One needed but to look once into the piquant, saucy, pretty face to swear by her ever after, as tho most bow itching fairy on earth. Ladybird was an especially privi leged person in this hospital, coming and going at her own sweet will. She ( was attached to her profession — to the doublet and rapier, and jaunty stage- swagger, tho dancing and singing, and so forth, and was nightly showered with bouquets and vociferous ap plause. But every day she was among her favored patients, with fruits and flowers, and ico and dainties, and soothing words and tender smiles, and patient nursing,: writing long letters to friends at home, roading aloud, sing ing if they chose, as devoted, as tender, as sweet as any Sister of Charity. She was a living riddle, a brilliant, sparkling stream, with the sunshine ever rippling on its surface, but with depths below that no line or plummet of all her friends had sounded yet.. Her secret was her secret still. Not ono of those who had known her for months and yeais knew more of her than you know now. She tripped away to the end of the ward, her hands thrust into her sash, the black cap, with its crimson plume, set jauntily on tho crisp curls. She looked liko a saucy boy — an audaciously saucy boy — yot a woman's heart beat brightly under her dainty bodice, a heart that of late had been mutinous and rebellious, and not at all the well-trained little organ of hitherto. She had nursed a certain dark-eyed hero from the very jaws of death. That was nothing, she had nursed scores ; but the great, luminous brown eyes of : this especial patient floated strangely before Ladybird in the golden noon tide, in tho black midnight, and a soft, slow voice, very sweet, very eloqent, rang ever in her ears like distant music. When, night after night, she came, saucy and bright, before an enthusi astic audience, the big black eyes flashed first of all to a certain box, where one face invariably showed. When bouquets were literally showered upon their pet and their favorite, the most brilliant exotics were neglected for some tiny bunch of violets or rose buds, if his hand flung them. And I a yiiid knew the symptoms of her complaint perfectly well, and grew bitter and restive, and angrily impatient with herself for her folly. "Ah, bah 1 " she would say, scowl ing at her own visage in the glass, " what a little fool you are ! Hadn't you sworn to hato all mankind for her sake ? Don't you know, you little imbecile, that they are all alike — false, treacherous, selfish, and cruel as death ? Haven't you been sensible all along until now, and aro you going to make an idiot of yourself because this 'languid swell' has handsome eyes and pays you compliments? An Englishman, too ! and you doubly bound to hate all Englishmen 1 Bah ! Ladybird, you little simpleton 1 I'm ashamed of you. Let him see your folly, and be served as your mother was before you ! " So Ladybird guarded her secret with fierce jealousy, disgusted with herself, and would have been torn to pieces by wild horses before she would give him — this particular him — one en couraging word, or look, or smile. On this bright April evening she was on her way to a certain patient of hers, whose right leg had been blown off by an explosion, and who was other wise so very seriously injured that the chances of his recovery were as ten to one. He lay — the last of a long, long row, the amber glitter of the sunset lighting his bloodless, pain-drawn face — awfully still and corpse- like. " Thady," the little Amazon said, bending over him, " I have come at last." I tried to bo here sooner, but there were so many poor patients who had a word to say to me that I could not. And how is it with you now 1" The haggard face brightened, the dulled eyes lit up. " Ah, Ladybird, I knew you would come 1 Heaven bless that tender heart, that never forgets one of us ! You'll write a letter for mo, mam'selle, to my poor old mother in Ireland ?" " Certainly, Thady, with pleasure — as many letters as you please, antil you are able to write yourself. That will be soon, I am confident. What shall I sr'jjv" " Well, you seo, mam'selle, it's an old story, and a long story, and it's more about another than myself. It's about a young nobleman, whose life I saved 20 years ago. The old mother nursed him, Ladybird, and he was as dear to her as the apple of her eye. I've kept the story to myself by his orders for 20 years ; but now, when I've one leg in the grave, it's time I made a clean breast of it. I saved Lord Terence Tyrone's life, mam'selle, from the hangman first and from that demon after, his cousin Dennis. It's a long story, mam'selle ; but I want you to tell the mother the whole thing, so I know you'll listen." "I'll listen with pleasure, Thady. Go on 1 " " Well, Ladybird," the sick man said, " it's twenty years ago, as I told you, that I returned homo to Lismore, aftor n long voyage, mate of the Fly ing Dutchman. The first news I heard upon landing was about tho worst news I could hoar — that my foster brother, Lord Terence Tyrone, only son of tho Earl of Lismore, was in prison, condemned to death for tho murder of a little cottage girl, Aileon O'Rourko ! Ho was innocent, of course. I know it as well then as I do now, and I swore a mighty oath I would free him, or die with him. " Woll, mam'selle, I kept that oath. I freed him from prison. 1 took him to a lonely plaao on the sea-shore, and left him there while I wont for if boat to. take him to the Flying Dutchman. On my way I met his cousin, Dennis Tyrone — a lawyer, and tho blackest demon alive. But I thought him his friend, and so did Lord Terence himself, and I told him what had happened, and , begged him to go to his cousin, while I brough t the boat. Ho went — tho cowardly cut-throat! — and what passed between them I never knew. Only as I rounded tho point, and came in sight of the cliff where I had left Lord Terry, I saw two men struggling in a death-grip. I heard the report of a pistol ; then one tumbled backward into the sea, and tho other fled like a madman from the spot. " I rowed with all my might, mam' selle, und I reached the place as the body arose. Ho was not dead — lie was not senseless ; ho was badly wounded, but tho bullet aimed at his heart had missed its mark. I drew him into the boat. I had the strength of a giant in that hour, mam'selle, and I put for tho Flying Dutchman. Half an hour after and we were on our way to Sydney, with Lord Terence lying liko a dead man in tho cabin below. "I told no one on board who ho was — it would have been fatal — they would have given him up at once. The captain was a friend of mino, and an easy, good- natured old cove, and kept him, and doctored him, and took care of him, and when he reached Svdnoy he was nearly as well as ever. But he was an altorcd man — a score of years could not have changed him as he changed during that voyage. It was not that his looks differed much, and I think, Ladybird, you never saw anyone in your life half so handsome as Lord Terry.' Ladybird shrugged her shoulders with a very French gesture of im patient disdain. " Handsome I Ah — bah 1 What have men to do with beauty 1 Let them bo brave, and strong and clever, and what does a straight nose and a pair of bright eyes matter ? I never know a really handsome man yot who was not a born idiot, or else tyrannical and selfish, and cruel as Nero ! Don't talk to me of handsome men. I've seen the animals and despise them. Your Lord Terry was no better than the rest, I daresay." " Ah, but begging your pardon, he was mam'selle — he was neither an idiot nor a tyrant. As I said, he changed out of all knowledge on the passage out. He had grown still as death ; he seemed stunned, dazed-like, by the knowledge of liis cousin's guilt. They had been friends from boyhood, and Lord Terry loved him liko a brother. And now he knew that Dennis Tyrone had always hated him, and had lifted his hand against his life. " He never told me what passed be tween them that morning; and though I am not a coward there are some things I dare not do. I never dared ask Lord Terry any questions about that day, and he never told me. Only when, a fortnight after our land ing in Sydney, I wanted to stay behind tho Flying Dutchman, and remain with him, he refused point-blank to hear of it. " ' Nonsense, Thady, dear old boy !' he said, with one of his old looks, ' you shall commit no such folly. You shall go to Valparaiso in the ship, and I will remain where I am. Don't be alarmed for me — shall do very well, and remember the old mother at home depends on you. I will wait where I am for news from home, and you will find me here safe and sound when you come back.' " Well, mam'selle, the end of tho matter was that he had his way, and I went. It was hard to part, but — but there are more hard things in the world than anything else, I think. I went out to South Amerioa, and some other parts, and it was fully two years before the Flying Dutohman got. back to Sydney again. When we got bock he was gone. There was a letter for me, dated six months before — I have never parted with it since. Here it is, now, a good deal smeared and torn ; but maybe you can make it out." The sick man drew from his neck a little silk bag, and from the bag the dingy remains of the letter. It was soiled and torn, and the ink was faded; but the bold, clear oharaoters, were still perfectly distinct. "Read it for yourself, mam'selle," Thady O'Grady said; " it's the first and last I ever had from him. I know no more than the dead what became of Lord Terry." The girl took it — the fading light was dim; but with the first glance at the writing she recoiled as though she had seen a ghost. With an exclama tion of amazement, of consternation, she tore it open and rapidly read: — "Dear Old Thady, — When your honest eyes see this I shall have left Sydney for ever. I have had news from Ireland — news that you, too, have heard, doubtless long ore now. My father is dead — he reigns in the old man's stead, and she is his wife. My trust in man and woman has ceased for ever. I do not tell you whither I go — I hardly know myself, and it matters little. God bless you, my brave old Thady, and good-bye. I will never return to tho old land— I am a felon and an outcast as you know, and can claim no legal rights. I hardly think I should try to if I could. Let the friend I trusted, the woman' I loved, be happy if they can and enjoy their now honors in peace. They will never be disturbed by me. I have disoarded tho old name with the rest, and I sign myself by the now one, under which I begin a new life. Reginald Vernon." As she read the last word, the name, a low, wailing cry broke from tho pale lips of Ladybird, the blaok eyes were dilated, the dark face white and wild. "Reginald Vernon 1" Ladybird re peated, "Reginald Vernon I And I know all — at last — at last 1" CHAPTER II. ladybird's secret, Tho sick man half raised himself on his elbow, and stared at her. Tho face of the little aotresa, in the luminous dusk of the silvery spring evening, was white as his own, her blaok oyes dilated and blankly staring at the faded and crumpled note she held. " What is it, Mam'selle Ladybird ? " Thady O'Grady asked, suspiciously. " Did you ever meet with Lord Terence Tyrone ? " Ladybird looked at him, aroused from her startled trance, and brolco into a laugh — a laugh that was strangely different from tho silvery, girlish laughter he had often heard from those pretty lips. She folded up the soiled paper, replaced it in the bag and handed it back. "Did I ever know Lord Terence Tyrone? You dear old simple fellow, where should I — Ladybird, the actress, ever meet a live lord? No, no, I never know your Lord Terry, your handsome paragon of perfection ; but I did once know a — Reginald Vernon." " Mam'selie " There, there, easy, my brother — don't jump so — you'll .do yourself a mischief. Yes, I once knew a Regi nald Vernon — and a very handsome man, too, my good Thady, but not in the least like your brave, your mag- namimous, your heroic Lord Terry. Come, I'll tell you all about him — one pretty story deserves another." She sat down by tho bedside again, tho deepening dusk hiding her face and its expression entirely from the anxious eyes of tho sick man. "Nearly 18 years ago, Thady — the time corresponds, you see — only an other odd coincidence, of course — there came to Montreal ayoung gentle man, who called himself Reginald Vernon. I say gentleman, be cause this handsome Reginald Ver non, I heard say, looked more like an exiled prince than an everyday Christian and teacher of English and mathematics in the "Montreal Com mercial and Classical Academy," which he was. He spoke like a courtier and bowed like a king, and carried himself with a grave and lofty grace, that was the awe and admiration of. all who knew him. Where lie came from, what his past-history might have been, were dead secrets. Ho was tho most silent and reticent of men, and no one dared question the haughty stranger, who looked with such a proud, grand- seigneur glance upon all who came near him. They set him down for an Englishman ; but even that was only supposition. "Well, this handsome and haughty teacher of English and mathematics boarded in the house of a Montreal mechanic — a poor man, a Frenchman, named Noirrey — because, I suppose, llQ WflQ f Aft «ftft« +ft Vinnni-1 nf nn Kftknl wuo vu uuaiu u>u tbu liuucit M. Noirrey had one daughter — beauti ful as all the angels — so I have heard, just 17 — my age now, Thady — impul sive, impassioned, headstrong, way ward — all that there is of the reckless and wild, if you will. She saw tnis beautiful English prince every day, and she fell in love with him — as these pas sionate, fiery natures will love — madly. And he — he looked at her with great blue weary eyes — eyes that saw her beauty, and never thought of it any more than if it hud been wax or wood. That drove her to desperation, and she — it was a mad and unwomanly thing to do, my good Thady — she soon changed all that — she made him look at her — she made him know how fiercely she loved him. She was as fierce as a little leopard — if she lost him she should die. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 