THE INDIAN TROUBLES IN AMERICA. AN EXTRAORDINARY RISING. The files brought by the English mail which came to hand yesterday contain interesting information relative to the fanatical rising of Indians in the United States, which has since developed into active warfare in some districts. THE MESSIAH CRAZE. A New York telegram dated 21st November says:— The latest telegrams received here state that the Indians at Pine Ridge continue in an excited state, and still indulge in war dances. Other Indians are reported to be on the way thither. Some of the troops have already arrived there. The "Messiah " craze is spreading, and the authorities continue to act with caution. It is probable that no attempts will be made to stop the war dances until more troops arrive. The situation is regarded as serious. Armed Indians are reported to be dancing war dances at other points. The wives and children of all the traders and other whites about Pine Ridge have gone to places of safety. When the warlike Indians were told that the troops were coming, they responded with threats, and declared that the "Messiah" was advising and encouraging them, and that they would not stop their war dances. The Indians are actually crazed with religions fanaticism, and utterly reckless of con- sequences. They assert that the "Messiah" has told them to dance, so as to be on the top when he comes and rolls a wave over the earth and the white men. General Miles reports that he has received reliable intelligence that Sitting Bull has sent emissaries to 48 lodges of the Sioux tribe north of the British frontier, exciting them to get arms and ammunition, and to join the other warriors near Black Hills in the spring. Every effort, says the general, is being made to allay the excitement and restrain the turbulent, but a violent or overt act on the part of any small party of desperate ones may, he considers, cause a general uprising. The latest reports received by General Miles from the Northern Cheyennes is that they have abandoned the "Messiah" delusion. He de- clares, however, that there should be no delay in putting other troops in proper equipment for the field. THE GHOST DANCE DESCRIBED. The ghost dance has seldom been witnessed by a white man; but an American paper de- scribes one of them as seen from a distance by an enterprising contributor, who persuaded a friendly half breed to take him to the spot. The camp in question was situated in a hollow between a narrow belt of hills. Many of the Sioux are farmers and freighters, and their waggons were corralled in the middle of the valley. Some of the older braves and squaws, who have never reconciled them- selves to modern ways, had tents apart. The oxen, pigs and poultry were cooped or tethered on the outskirts of the camp. The dance began at dark ; and though, the old squaws had carefully raked out the fires, a blaze arising from them now and then revealed the fact that the braves were in full war paint. The warriors formed in rows at the east- ern end of the camp, those in front kneeling, with the young bucks and squaws standing behind them. At this point there was a pause of about 10 minutes, during which perfect silence and absolute immobility prevailed. Then the old squaws joined hands and knelt down in the centre of the valley. They began chanting what sounded like a dirge, varied by savagely triumphant yells. The warriors advanced, and, joining hands in a large circle behind the old squaws, they began the ghost dance. They, too, chanted a dirge, but less shrilly than the squaws, and then came the invo- cation to the dead braves to arise and exter- minate the white man. The old women, mean- while, had each procured a burning stick that had apparently been dipped in some kind of pitch. Returning with these, they stole like shadows under the linked arms of the warriors, and passed through the circle like a procession of sphinxes. This was repeated again and again, and it is said that the dance lasts till daylight, when every one concerned in it is more or less exhausted. That the war paint of the braves means a deadly intention to the whites is unfor- tunately but too clear. AN INDIAN ULTIMATUM. The SIOUX REFUSE TO STOP DANCING. From Pine Ridge, South Dakota, where, as we have been informed by cable, serious dis- turbances have recently taken place, a telegram was received, dated 22nd November, as fol- lows : — The Sioux and Cheyenne Indians mean war. Dr. Rogers, the agent, received to-day by courier from the great camp of the Ghost Dancers an ultimatum from the hostile chief Little Wound, who apparently intends to lead the Ogallelas against the soldiers. He says : — Dr. Rogers, — I understand the soldiers have come on to our reservation. What have they come for ? We have done nothing. Our dance is a religious dance, and we are going to dance until spring. If we find Christ does not appear we shall stop danc- ing. But troops or no troops we shall start to dance on this creek in the morning. We also understand that I am not to be recognised as chief any longer. Neither you or any one of the white people made me chief, and you cannot throw me away as you please. But I tell you, Dr. Rogers, the Indians made me their chief, and by them I shall be so recognised as long as I live. We have been told you intended to stop our rations and annuities. Well, we de not care for that. The little rations we get do not amount to anything. But if such is the case you might as well send me word, so that my people may be saved the trouble of going to the agency. We do not intend to stop dancing. (signed) Little Wound. Little Wound is now, with 30 lodges of followers, encamped at Medicine Root Creek, on route to join the main body of the hostile Indians on the White River. The dancers have been formally notified to stop their orgies, and the above letter is the answer to the notification. Dr. Rogers will not reply to it. He said last night, "The Sioux mean war. They have been ordered to stop dancing and have refused to do so. It now only remains for the troops to enfore the order." The panic among the settlers has become general. Two companies of the 8th Cavalry Regiment are at Oelrics waiting for orders to march to Pine Ridge. Six hundred troops are expected at Rushville to-morrow morning. General Brooke is constantly in conference with scouts and runners. The officers of the military telegraph are working incessantly, but all informa- tion in regard to what is going forward is refused. INDIAN PREPARATIONS FOR FIGHTING. A telegram, dated New York 23rd Novem- ber, says : — Despatches of the World and the Morning Journal state that seven settlers were murdered by Indians yesterday near Libeau, a settlement in South Dakota. A Herald special says that the settlers of Potter and Dalworth counties, in South Dakota, are fleeing for their lives. Five hundred Indians, armed for war, crossed the Missouri River at the mouth of Grant River yesterday morning. No soldiers were near. If, therefore, the Indians mean to massacre the settlers the only chance they have is in flight, and their chance of escape in that way is a very poor one. The special of the Sun states that the Indians who are massing at White River are experienced Indian fighters. It is reported that the Sioux are selecting fight- ing ground, and that hundreds of them are moving north. They declare their intention to fight if the soldiers follow. The massing at White River indicates a scheme to seize 3000 cattle at a big adjacent herding station, which would provide them with provisions that would last them through the winter. An alarming telegram from Pine Ridge is published in the New York Sun on 23rd Novem- ber. It states that it is probable that the troops will take the field against the excited Indians to-day. Everything points to a long campaign against the Sioux, who are especially inflamed at the presence of the colored cavalry. The situation is regarded as so grave that even old Indian fighters refuse to give an opinion as to the final issue. They say it is certain that if the Sioux attack the troops now there will not be a soldier, civilian, woman or child left to tell the story. Fifteen hundred heavily armed warriors are within a radius of 40 miles of the agency, while the force opposed to them, in- cluding troops, Indian police and civilians, does not exceed 500. On the same date General Miles reported that " the separation of the friendly from the tur- bulent Indians is proceeding rapidly at Pine Ridge, and that the commander at that place apprehends no immediate trouble, being of opinion that the separation will make the task of restraining the turbulent warriors easier. The news of the extension of the Messiah delu- sion to the Canadian Indians is said to be con- firmed." VIEWS OF BUFFALO BILL. A Chicago telegram, dated 24th November, says :— Buffalo Bill has been ordered to the seat of the Indian trouble. He started last night to Omaha. Colonel Cody's destination is Nebraska. The State militia is said to be ready for service at an hour's notice. In an interview Colonel Cody said :—"I shall arrive at Omaha on Monday. Thence I shall probably pro- ceed direct to Rushville, 31 miles from Pine Ridge. When do I expect the trouble will begin? Well it is like guessing if grass is 4 inches longer than you would expect it to be every night. It is a time of year when everything is against an outbreak. No bad Indian, still retaining a modicum of sense, will go on the war path unless he has food for his horse and himself. With the fanatical Sioux, who are now dancing from sun- set to sunrise, it is different. They believe they are serving the Great Spirit. They believe they are celebrating the coming of the Messiah. There will be trouble unless the dances are stopped. What appears most ominous to me is the widespread influence of the Messiah move- ment. The Indians do not telegraph and do not write letters, and yet all the Western tribes, from the coast to the Mississippi and from Bri- tish Columbia to Arizona, are dancing the Ghost Dance, and looking forward to the coming of the Great Leader. They will dance, yell and tear their bodies until they are fairly wild, then go and scalp defenceless settlers. On the other hand, the interference of the soldiers may precipitate a war ; so that it looks bad either way. Of all bad Indians, Sitting Bull is the worst. Rock Bear and Red Shirt, who are fighting chiefs, will do whatever is necessary to defeat Sitting Bull. These were with me. Sitting Bull will always be found with the disturbing element. If there is no disturbing element he will foment one. He is a dangerous Indian, and his conduct now portends trouble. [By cable we have learned that Sitting Bull was killed in a recent engage- ment. "Old Red Cloud, who is disposed to be friendly to the whites, was the leader of the Fort Phil Kearney massacre. He has a son with the Ghost Dancers, who is looking forward to a chance of winning his spurs. The best fighting blood of the Sioux and Cheyennes is represented among the Dancers." FRIENDLY INDIANS AS GOVERNMENT SCOUTS. A Washington telegram, dated 26th Novem- ber, says : — "Mr. Proctor, Secretary for War, has received news from Cheyenne River that the Indians have abandoned the ghost dances, and have come in for rations. This is regarded as a most hopeful sign of abatement of the excite- ment. Great benefit is believed to have resulted from the employment of friendly Indians as scouts. Mr. Proctor has authorised General Miles to increase the number of Indian police in Dakota to 1200, with a payment of 13 dol. per month, and the privilege of wear- ing the army blouse and being in acknowledged connection with the United States Government. It is believed that these inducements will prove too powerful for the average Indian to resist, and it is hoped and expected that the 1200 enrolled will exercise a peaceful influence through their family and tribal relations. The agent at Cooper has telegraphed to the Indian commissioner here that the turbulent braves are still restless, though the loyal Indians are quiet and satisfied. The agent, however, does not anticipate bloodshed. THE PINE RIDGE INDIANS ON THE WAR PATH. Despatches from Pine Ridge, on 26th Novem- ber, state that intelligence reached there that six hundred Indians were on the march from Rose Bud to that place, and had plundered the houses deserted by the fugitive settlers, killing all the cattle they could lay their hands upon. Scouts announce that the ghost dancers have massed their forces on the Porcupine, and that Little Wound, who was yesterday reported to be the only chief of the ghost dancers who still remained out, has consented to come and confer with the agent and General Brooke, and will arrive to-day. The Sun's correspondent at Pine Ridge says that there are constant movements of troops there, and that wild reports are current that the arrival of the various regiments has terrified the Indians encamped in the neighborhood so much that they are on the point of stampeding. They seem to think, he states, that the massing of so many troops means their extermination, and that they will be shot like dogs. The scouts report that they have braided the manes and tails of their horses, and this is one of the first signs of their taking the war path. The entire 2nd Infantry Regiment, from Fort Omaha, it at Pine Ridge, and eight companies of Light Artillery are hurrying thither from Fort Riley, while other troops are also reported to be marching to that place. The troopers of the 9th Cavalry Regiment are encamped at Wolf Creek, a mile to the south of the Pine Ridge Agency. The Indian police there, who number 100, are well organised and armed. The military preparations are described by people on the spot as of such a tremendous character that even the whites are unable to guess the nature of the intended movement against the Indians. No information is obtainable from General Brooke's headquarters ; but it is evident that if the Sioux make a false step there will soon be force enough at the seat of disturbance to deal with them in a thorough manner. Many persons believe that an attempt will be made to disarm the Indians. BATTLE WITH THE CHEYENNES. A telegram from New York dated 27th November says : — A despatch from Mussoula, Montana, cabled by the New York Herald, says that a fierce battle is in progress between the United States Regulars and the Northern Cheyenne Indians, near Fort Keogh. Three companies of Regulars have been ordered from Fort Mussoula to the scene of the trouble. Advices from various points say that lively skirmishing is in progress all along the line ; the Indians have been driven back, and several have been captured. The cause of the trouble is not stated, but it is believed that the diffi- culty has nothing to do with the Ghost Dancers, and is probably the result of an attempt by a party of Cheyennes to rescue some Indian prisoners in the gaol at Miles city. A Washington telegram of the same date says : — No despatches have been received by Mr. Proctor, Secretary for War, regarding the reported fight at Fort Keogh, and no credence is attached to the rumor. At the same time, news has been received that the Indians in the vicinity of Fort Reno, Indian territory, are un- settled on account of the Messiah craze. Trouble is not anticipated, although they are conducting their religious dances with much fervor, and are being joined by the Indians of other reserva- tions. ARREST OF "MEDICINE MEN." A despatch from Tucson, Arizona, states that reports have reached there that the Indians in the White Mountain Reservation are growing restless. The officers of the agency are appre- hensive that the medicine men are trying to arouse the Indians by starting religious dances, and several have, consequently, been arrested. From Pierre, South Dakota, it is reported that the citizens are alarmed at the attitude of the Indians on the White River, under Short Bull, who allow a dangerous spirit and go about heavily armed. They have killed scores of cattle. The 6th Regiment of Cavalry, which is now at Fort Union, has been ordered to join the troops leaving for Fort Wingate to-day, and to proceed with the utmost haste to Fort Meade, Dakota. General Mizner, commanding at Fort Russell, is stated to have expressed the opinion that, if fighting once begins, a hundred thousand troops will be required to complete the conquest of the Indians, but the result will then be the total annihilation of the tribes concerned. POLICY OF THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT. From the last report of the Commissioner for Indian Affairs to the Secretary of the Interior at Washington it appears that it has become the settled policy of the Government to break up the reservations, destroy tribal rela- tions, settle Indians upon their own homesteads, incorporate them into the nation, and generally deal with them as individual citizens, not as nations or tribes. "The American Indian is to become the Indian American." A public school system is being provided, under which every Indian boy may obtain the rudiments of an Eng- lish education, and be enabled to make an honest living for himself. The Indians, it is said, understand this policy, and are adapting themselves readily to it. "During the past year," says the commissioner, "I have had per- sonal interviews with prominent chiefs and representative Indians everywhere, and almost without exception they have pleaded for more and better schools." Adequate instruction is now provided in all ordinary handicrafts, and with few exceptions every reservation school is crowded, and hundreds of children who are willing to go to school are prevented by want of proper accommodation. There were 16,377 Indian children on the school rolls during the past year, and an average attendance of 12,232, which is but a fraction over a third of the school population. At the date of the re- port there were 133 Indian reservations in the United States having a total area of 106,000,000 acres, or 101,260 square miles. During last year about 13,000,000 acres were secured by cession from the Indians, and agreements by which about 4,500,000 more would be obtained were awaiting the ratification of Congress. Nearly 3000 allotments of lands in severalty were made during the year under various acts of Congress. 