THS -SPECTRE CAPTAiri. - Queer Acts erf a Ghost Which Haunts a Steamer in Brooklyn Basin. “I’ll .never, go out near the old Taber again,” said a well-known boatman of East. Oakland one Sunday as ho looked towards tho black hulk of the steamship William Taber, which lion naar the Oakland catuary. “ Why not ?” Why, baaause slia ia haunted. Last night I .was out with a party, and Iran my boat in under the atom of the oid ship. Ae W3 came around on tha starboard sida ci the vessel same cue halloed, 11 Who comes there 1 Baek water quick or I will shoot.” T loofced up, but saw no one. £. With me were two ladies and gentlemen, guests from Tubbs’ Hotel. They heard tha voice, but, like myself, were unable to sco any “ The ladies were badly frightened, and begged mo to pull away. I was aboot to do so, when the wutohman on the ship looked over the gangway and wanted to know what was up. “1 Is it you people that is making that noiEe downthsre?’ queried the old fellow. ‘If it is, you had better steer way, because I have heard noises enough on thiB ehip to night without you people coming along and making any more.’ ” A WHITE ROBED MGUl'.E. Continuing his story, the boatman said: “ I pulled away to tbG ehcro, and ss wo cleared the shin I saw a white robed liguro on the bridge. It was that of an elduly man. lie had a flawing white beard, and was directing tho helmsman hy hand signals. I eaw as plain as could bo the spiectre mo tioning to starboard, port, steady, etc., end occasionally ho would put down his hand as it to null the Blow down or back bsii in tha engine room. No hell responded, but the figure on the bridge went through all tha motions. Aft at the gangway stood ilia watchman, and in tho sheen oi the moon- " light I saw the watchman of tbe.steamer. His face was blanched and ho culled us book. Tbeladieain the boat were terror-stiicben . and insisted upon my rowing 'to the Lhore,... I had no alternative but to comply. By tho: time I landed them tha tide.was flooding, ■ and, although I wanted to go out to the - vessel, I conoludcd to wait until morning rather than row against ths tide.” This in Bubstnnco wa3 tho elory told by Old Bob, the well-known boatman in the Brooklyn Basin. Tbe man is noted forltia sobriety, and his etory io ibe (.fiket that there is a spectro captain on tha e ld T=,bcr is confirmed by a number of canoeists who row on that portion of tbe bay known as Brooklyn cstuavy. They ail claim ta have seen the “ old man oa the biidge." and aroi positive that it is not tho watchman of ihe . Tbe oldslsamer in full of legend, ar.t! to* enumerate them all would be almost impoa^'" TUB VESSEL'S HIM IiV. . ' i I Something like 10 years ago the Etfamehip'. 1 William Taber was drawn up through Ilia drawbridge of Oakland Creek'. The veesUls;; one of the old time steamship >. She is.*W-. eide-whcsl sioemcr, and wheu S:st put fn the coast trade ran in < ppositicn’ to tlie Goodall Perkir.B stsamor;-. In this mission;-' she proved a formidable rival, inasmuch as she carried pasaengers and freight at such A reduction as to appal the owners of theregui Iar steamers.- The consequence whs that ilia old Tabor got all tbe business, and passengers going to coaet parts laid over in order to rids, on the vessel. v ^ The regular steamers charged 20 dollars to Victoria and Seattle, while tho opposition/* carried passengers to the same ports for lira dollars steerage and 10 dollars cabin. | The result was that the rival companies [ made a pool, and contracted to pay the owners 5000 dollars a month io tie the ship up. The oontrsot was to run 15 years, and since then the oid vessel has bc.r: i ho ip The copper on her buliia moulded si.n pto*. Tho woodwork of the bulwarks isdrcojiri}-, but tho ougines anti tiro L*ox*.*u are in jn-rfevt trim, and the old ship cau be fired up on r. few hours notice, end put into service. At thasame time the pe. p's or E O.iklnn think ths William Taber is-hauufed. and she ever goes to scb again they will not rid 