CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. Tbe following personal items are taken from the Christian Weekly of February 27:— The Rev. J. R. Bradbury, of the Pirie-street circuit, has returned from his holiday visit to Tasmania. The Rev. Thomas Bird, of Fre- mantle. West Australia, who has been desig- - nated to represent the West Australian district in the forthcoming Conference, has arrived in Adelaide. The Bev, J. W. Mouland, of Bun bury, West Australia, has mush improved in health. The report that the recent viBit to England bad not benefited h;m was incorrect. He is doing tbe full work of a minister and writes moat hopefully of his work, Mr. K. Kelly, tbe newly elected member for Wooroora, we heartily congratulate. For many years he rendered yeoman service to the JtfethodiBt Ghuroh, and in Parliament will undoubtedly follow on tbe lines which his highly re epected brother, Mr. Hugh Kelly, bo dearly marked out. The Bev. S. F. Prior, of the Kent Town oirouit, is in suoh ill- health that his medical advisers (Drs. Gardner and Magarey) ineist that a prolonged rest and change is absolutely deoessary. Mr. Prior will therefore leave on Monday for a three-months' visit to the South Sea Islands, and his many friende will join in the hope that this will result in hia complete restoration to health. The Bev. Thomas Edmeades has consented to ftot as Mr. Prior's loaum tenens, Tbe Bev. J. Dingle (the newly-eleoted presi dent of the Bible Christian Oonferenoe) was born at Oallington in 184S and was oonverted at the Burra daring the pastorate of the late Bev, JameB Way. He entered the ministry in 1868, and his successive spheres of labor have been Gawler, Wellington, Port Wakefield, Robe, Crystal Brook, MountLofty, Orroroo, Adelaide, Willunga, and a second appointment to Mount Lofty, He has filled various oonnenonal offices with credit, including those of chair man of a district and secretary to the Con ference. His ministry iB characterised by simplicity and fervency, and tbe esteem in which he is held both by the people among whom he has labored and his fellow- workers in the minhtry has now been expressed in hia election to the Conf erential ohair. The Anglican Review for March gives these itemB:— In the place of the Dean of Windsor, who has been commissary to the Bishop of Adelaide until this year, but who is shortly to be consecrated Bishop of Boohester, the bishop has appointed tbe Bev. Edwin Price, M.A., vicar of Bishop Auckland, near Durham. Mr. Price has been for several years put a minor canon and the sacristan of West minster Abbey, and on tbe promotion of Mr. Eden, until recently vicar of Bishop Auckland, to be Bishop of Dover, Bishop Westoott trans ferred Mr. Priceto the vacant vioararge. Auck land Castle, the residence of the bishops of Durham, is in the parish of wbioh Mr. Price is tbe new vicar. It is a cure of considerable importance, the vicar having charge of five cbmob es, wbioh be serves, with the assistance of a large ataff of ourateB. His dose inter course with the Bishop of Durham will, it is to be hoped, be of great advantage to this dioceBe, should it be necessary for the commissaries to Bend any more clergy to work in South Australia. — The payments and promises to the Adelaide Cathedral fund have reached the respectable nmnnnt nf A littln over £14.fi(10. Tint an tha payments are for the more part spread over four years, and the oommittee have very wisely determined not to inour any liability for any part of the building for whioh they have not tbe money aotually in hand, the progress of the work will be necessarily slow. A great deal of very solid work has, however, now been accomplished. The foundations of concrete have been well laid, and the wallB and gate* wbjb nave now rieen to about 5 or 6 ft. above the level of the ground. A poroh is in oourse of construction in tbe main transept on the north side, and the cost of it is about £400.— The Bev. S. J. Bloyd, who was recently ordained in Adelaide, comes with excellent testimonials from St. AuguBtine'a, Canterbury, having taken a first class in the Cambridge preliminary examinations. He is to aot as curate to tbe Bev. G, E, Young at Port Pirie. Anniversary services in connection with the Salisbury Congregational Oburoh were held on Sunday, February 22, when impressive eer monB were preached by the Bev. tJ. Herring ton morning and evening, and in the afternoon a children a service was conducted. The attendance was good, particularly in the even icg, when neighboring churches olosed. On Monday the usual tea waa held, and waa followed by a public meeting, presided over by the Bev. J. O. Kirby, who with the B6v. G. Herriogton and Mr. J. P. Swann delivered instructive addresses. At intervals sacred songs and duets were pleasingly rendered by tbe Misbbb Swann, SampBoo, PaternoBter, and Keyworth and Mr. Pater noster, and a seleotion on the organ was muoh spptecisted. The choir contributed anthems. Mies Ooker presiding at the organ. The treBcurer'e report Bbotred a small balance in band- The proceeds of the anniversary were satisfactory. Farewell socials were tendered to the Bev. C, FriBby Smith, who for several rears has had charge of the Baptist Ohurob at Orroroo and ie about to enter upon a course of study at tbe Adelaide University preparatory to taking a degree, by the churches at Orroroo and Black rock on Monday and Tuesday evenings respec tively. Mr. Smith's pastorate baa been exceedingly tucceBsful both spiritually and financially, and general regret is felt by persons of all denominations at bit removal Mr Smith wan presented with a puree of sovereigns, and at Blackrock was added an illuminated addreaB. Mr, Smith was ever ready to take part in any movement for tbe benefit of the young men by whom he was sincerely respected. The looal literary society and other associations have lost a good worker. Mr; Smith's saooessor, the B*v. Mr. Da- vis, of Sydney, is expected this week. The Bev. H. T. BurgeBB (president of the Wenleytm Conference) preached in the Archer street Church, North Adelaide, on -Sunday evening fromleaiah iy ,6 and 7 — 'Seek ye the Lord, call ye upon Him while He ia nearV Se Bate the ttxt was appropriate not only because of the interesting historical fact that it waB the [ last from vbiob Jcbn Wesley preached, but because it sumioarifted in a remarkable way tbe I leading truth* that, bad made his mission bo : powerful, Every great religious awakening , resulted from the presentation of Gospel truth, 1 and that of lact century was no exoeption. : ThiB was tbe explanation of its character, its ' peimanecoe, and its growth, John Wetsiey did ! not set out to form a new organisation, but had i as intent* detire to eave coals. To that end ' be preached saving truth, and the Spirit ' of God accompanied it with mighty pa^er. : The necessity oame upon the leader* -»f the ' ZBcvetueBt to provide for those who were arm verttd by their agency and who looked to ' them for guidance. Necessity «» laid upon i them, end they were led by Providence in ' sn unexpected way till ultimately a churoh 1 wsb fou&ded; that had spread its influence ' all over tbe world. The secret of ite progress i and tbat of Wesley's success was the sume. i The text taupbt that religion did nut consist ? in church relations, but in personal experience. ? The corrupt condition of both the church and ' tbe world in Great Britain in the eighteenth ! century was due in great measure to the truth i being (Attourtd. People x&ight; b* regarded «n ! Christians and jet know nothing of Christianity ;. but the name. Tbe moral condition of society ' was in ooEtequenoe fearfully depraved. At . tbat jnccture Wesley preached tbe necessity of ' conversion— a change of heart and a change ! of life. The wicked mu&t; forr^ke ; their ways and return to God. Another ' point on which he etronely insisted wtts hciE&n; reFponpibility in the work of per ; Bonal salvation. A ooirf and cheerless arettdi ' h»d repTeeeoled GccS to be tbe sovereign ruler ; of the world, fixing the destiny of human j 4-eicge by ircDbUt&We; decrees, and thereby [ piacir.ff it bfjond individual control. The , doctrine ttat men mnst seek that they might , find, and call that they might he answered, I that they bad tbn power to do th» audL were '' held accooDt»ble for its exercise, was embodied i in the text and oonspiouotM in Wesley's ptterajace*, The tfiest of roeb cleat presenta tion of truth had been very great, and all evangelical Christendom was witness to it. A third element of equal importance waa the universal love of God to man. The- promise tbat He would have mercy on those who oame to Him, and that He would abundantly pardon the Bins of penitent transgressors was joyfully repeated andeageriy.embraoed. Multitudes who had been so circumstanced aa not to know the Gospel menage, or to regard it as having any reference to them, reoeived it with open hearts. They bore witness that the forgiveness of sins might be and was a present experience. The love of -God became for them not only a theological phrase but a gladdening possession. Their assurance of it brightened their livea and sustained them in death. One other suggestion of tbe text waB that opportunities were limited and must be used while they were available. God bad to be Bought ' while He was near.' To forget or ignore this was to omit one of tbe most powerful arguments for immediate decision. Wesley did not do bo, but urged the danger of delay, and appeals of the most searching and heart ? stirring character, based on this foundation, were made by himself and his associates. It waB by its adhesion to these fundamental truths and the presence therewith of the power of the Holy Ghost that the Methodist 3huTch had survived and multiplied. The followers of John WeBley could exultingly re-echo his dying words of triumphi 'the best of all is, God iB with ub.' The address dosed with an exhortation to maintain the same principles with unabated earnestness, for 'it God be for ub who can be against ml' The Semaphore beaoh was very orowded on Sunday afternoon on the occasion of a demon* Btration by the Salvation Army, in whioh a moat excellent brass band took part, There is now an entire absence of the scoffing and jeer ing whioh once marked the meetings of the Army on tbe beaoh. and the presenoe of the exoellent music afforded immense gratification to the extremely well ordered crowd. At Teatree Gully on Sunday, March 1, a harvest thanksgiving service was held in the Baptist Churoh. and the Bev. F. F. Medoalf, president of Tynte-sstreet Baptist Home idiBBion, preached. The ohoir sang appropriate hymns, and tbe ohurch was beautifully deco rated, an abundant Bupply of fruit, vegetables, corn and flowers, being exhibited. The con gregation was large, and the collection liberal. 