1 ROUMANIAN SUPERSTITIONS. Ihe current number of the "Isouvelle Revue" contains an interesting article de scriptive of the peculiar beliefs and practices of the Roumanian peasantry on the subject of the supernatutal. At this time of day, as the writer regretfully remarks, it" is useless to look for tho superstitious any more than for any other form of the picturesque in the streets of Bucharest. The Roumanian 'citadin' is just like his fellow.cockney all.the world over ; he wears the othodox costume of Western Europe ; and, that being so, it is idle to expect to discover more than the very smallest remnants of his ancestral ideas under the abomination of civilisation—the stove-pipe hat. But the Roumanian peasant, the 'Opincar,' the man who lives his life be tween the Caipathiansand the Lower Danube, is still very much what his forefathers were before him. His imagination has not been coloured a neat uniform drab by the brush of modem progress, and he is still refreshingly behindhand in the race for a complete coat ing of that melancholy monochrome. From the cradle to the grave the Roumanian peas ant is escorted by. a host of popular practices meant to shield him from the malefic in fluences of the evil spirit of the unseen world. Of these there are no lack, for Slavonic super stitions are mingled in Roumania with sur vivals of classic mythology which have been inherited by the descendants of Trajan's legionaries from their Romanised ancestors. Centuries of Christianity have not been able to obliterate altogether the marks of the Roman eagle's claw, and the demigods and nymphs of Grasco-Roman legend linger yet under the sheltering1 shadow' of the Car pathians. Thus, when a child is born, '.the father and mother invariably turn their eye3 in the direction of the window. For behind that are lurking the three invisible Spinners, the 'Uzitoare,' who are weaving the webb of the infant's destiny, the lineal descendants of the Parete of classic mythology. Before the child is christened it has to play its part in the important ceremony of the first bath. This is administered to the child in the albia or 'copte,' a wooden vessel which serves alike for bath and cradle,' not to mention numerous other domestic purposes.- The babe's god mother performs the ablutions at her own house, whither the child is carried ; together with a present of sugar and coffee. If it is a boy the godmother must pour into the bath a symbolical mixture, of corn, wine, and honey ; and in the case of a girl some feathers from a dove's wingand some petals of a rose take the place of the wine. The feathers and rose leaves form a pretty prayer to the Three Spinners that the girl's footsteps through life may be soft as down, and her face fair as the rose in blossom. If you desire to rend in the book of destiny the future of your off spring you may prove a boy's character much as Portia proved her lover's. Present the child with a loaf, a rod, and a book. If .lie takes the bread he will be a man of common sense and practical knowledge of the world ; if the rod, he will be a ne'er-do-well ; if tho book, he will grow up to be a great scholar. Love and marriage, like birth and death, have ever been fruitful themes for the exer cise of popular superstition in ill countries. In Roumania, as elsewhere, the moon is the maiden's cluef confidante in affairs of the heart, A properly constituted Roumanian damsel will on no account omit to hail the new njoon with the following invocation ' New Queen ! Jn health thou hast found me ; in health leave me. Thou ' hast found ine unwed; leavemo with a handsome husband at my side.' Thus they invoke Diana, the moon goddess, as their ancestors, doubtless, invoked her'centuries rigo. Neither will the same maiden forget, whien the month of March conies round, to, suspend from her neck or her wrist. the martsichor, a silver coin, which, in April, will bp carefully hung upon a rose bauk while its' owner drinks a draft of milk. In this' way she n ill infallibly obtain a complexion of the most exquisite pink and white. Having thup. secured a share of beauty, the'next thing is to turn it to account in the market of matrimony. If our maiden lacks the courage or. the oppor tunity to follow; the classic tradition, go to the forest-by moonlight, and there; stripped of her clothing, to look for the' face of her futur in the waters of the spring, she may yet obtain a sight of him in her dreams if she will place a sprig of basil beneath her pillow on the night of the Epiphany. It is also an excellent thing for a girl who is in haste to wed to wear basil in her hair or her corsage, that herb having traditionally the attraction of a mayfly for a trout for every well-regulated Roumanian youth.- Should she desire to know whether she will wed within the year, let her go by night to the garden hedge, choose in the dark two neighboring branches; and bind them together with a ribbon. Re turning in the morning she will examine them, and if she finds that she has bound the branches of two, separate bushes her de sire will be accomplished; but if, unfortu nately, they both spring from the. same root then no wise woman in all Roumania can tell ' her how long she will have to wait unwed. When she is definitely engaged she presents her fiance with her. sash ■ as/a formal ack nowledgment of the betrothal; and should she be so lucky as to hear a,dove coo, or a cuckoo sing (upon her right side—not'her left), then ?>.I1 is bound to go well with the pair..' But if the betrothed pair would live long to enjoy each other's society,let them take cara on the day they are married not to cross another wedding party coming out of church ; for if they do either bride or bridegroom will die before the year is out. These precautions being taken, wedded happiness will follow. Ghosts, .>nd other uncanny other-world creatures, are plentiful in Roumania, and as various as plentiful. There are the Strigol, evil spirits who will pjalje their'way into tlie house on St. Andrew's night unless ypu rub "our doors and windows with garlic, the - smell of which these spirits bannet abide.. There are the Moroi, or spirits of unbaptised ' children, who cry for their mothers' breasts', | and will not be appeased until their little ru-aves have been sprinkled with holy water ic/t sopen years. Most fearsome of all is the Vampire, y/jo leaves the tomb by night, and wanders tiil 'cQckcii;)? working evil to men. , But the spirit of the departe.4 will rest un yoked provided that his coffin coi)ti>ins a ccmh, a piece of soap, and, alcove all, the classic ofiol, the wage of the Infernal Ferry man. For the I|omuaniin peasant still pays the burial fee to Charon. 