' i MimTE© aim BvAlXskd S. Bgbeage. I commenced life as clerk to a firm of well . known country solicitors, with the hope that I might some day be articled and get through my"exajms.," and start -on my own account, ahprnae days lawyer's iclerfcs were permitted to ' appear before the magistrates in trivial cases, and m v face -soon became orettv well known at the police-court of If . I must decline to . give the name of the place and the name of the principal charaoter of this story, for many and obvious reasons— one bring that it is no wish of mine to harrow up the feelings of any rela tive he dray have left behind. Messrs. Parche and Ferritt, my employers, were entrusted with many criminal cases — in- _ -deed half the briefs during session and assize times were prepared by them. It was part of snydnty to take down the preliminary state ments of prosecutors and defendants, and tofish : . out csses to be cited either in support or extenuation of the various offences. Mine was not always pleasant work. Sometimes I had \- to listen to a tearful woman who had scraped' up a little money to defend an erring boh -(a remark of one. of these poor creatures became indelibly fixed on my mind — "Ah,eir," she when that lad was young, he wearied my arm/ and how he has broken my heart"); at, others t had to take-notes from the rasping voiceof some ballet-headed, frowning -rascal who expected a " stretch," but wished it to be as short as.posrible. ' The corn .and cattle market day at N ' was always a busy one. People poured into the city from all parts of the county, and gave : \- us plenty to think about and do at the office. Parche and Ferritt departed in company as early; as possible for the seaside to recruit their mental and physical strength, ' the- -junior clerks went their several ; ways, and I, whose duty it was to loiffi tip the office, and see that all- was -well, remained- behind to work out tome knotty pointpnfee law of trespass, which was then bothering my mind. . The desks were Surrounded with green rep curtains, hung upon rings, so as to bB moved, one .way or the other, and I was poring over a law book, when I thought I heard ' the rings jingle slightly. \- Iput lie sound down to the effect of a ' cur- ; rent of air, as no footfall had announced that . . anybody hadentered the office, and I did not; ?even take the trouble to raise my head. ' But suddenly I Started to a voiefe said ? J "Xbeg yohx pardon ; can I have a few words withyou?" r Loofcingup, I sawtbe face of an aged and \- grey-haired man. The gaslight shone rail upon his features, andlnoticedthat the muscles were moving as if the man had either been running,- oreufferedfrbm chronic ehortneBe cf breath. . " It is -vera late," I mplied, "Messrs, Parche ana rnrnn; nave lext, nut tney win be nere early OnMonday morning. Is the hosineBs yon have eomie upon of a very pressing nature?" " Not so much, you might think ; and if X . had written a note, it would have answered the same purpose. Yet"— he - hesitated for a moment -r", yet I should : libs to . say what I > have toEayaowy and havedone with it." I4.4 Come: round, V X said, 44 and sit down; you look, fatigued.. Why," I added, as the whole pf 3ns figure came within view, " it is Mr. Herrard ; but I am sure I did not recog nise you, X suppose X must blame the gaslight for&aty; My visitor was a well-known man at N , andlie had no common sorrow to hear. - Some . sixteen yeats previous his wife! had left him in a mysterious manner, and had never been since heard of. Herrard pnblifeed her description in all .the London and. local papers, but in vain, and : the. supposed basely-deceived hus band became an -object of sympathy. . Bis friends 'told him that.: he ought to be thankful that there were no children to bear the disgrace of their mother's shame. Bat as time went on the affair was forgotten, and William Herrard, . a retired jeweller,, moved about, receiving no more "thohght or attention than an ordinary, quietly-disposed man gets . in a busy place. - ,. " I am not much changed either," he said, ; fencing a smile to his thin tips- " I want to , make an appointment for 11 o'clock on Mon day." " Where?— here, or at your own residence?" I asked. " I have business to do at the police-court," ; . he replied, " and you will find me there. You need not trouble to ask either of tout governors to some, as you can lake down the statement I have to. make. Bid yon ever xeadfeis took ?" He put it down on the desk— -dropped it, in fact ; and glancing at the gaudily-illustrated ! work,:! read the title, "Murder WulQat." . . 44 No," Ireplied; 44 I had little time to read ' ' hovels; I wish I had. What areyou peeping round the screen for? There is nothing there. Bfiftopsyouftol adraiight, and if so, drawyour .chair. alittle furtherround.' ' 1 " I thought l saw " He hesitated, and then,wrenchingthechair on one side; "lam Setting qldand foolish,' X think. . Of course it is only fancy. , X suppose you don't believe in . ' ghosts?"' . " Not I," I- responded, lauglung, .and yto feriing a little unoomfortable, without knowing : why; "and ! am sure yon have lived long enough to he of the same opinion." " There'a something about a short fe that \- voqk, ne saxa, tapping it with ius xorennger. "I will leave it .tor you, «s I have readit Qirongh. _ There are. many interesting passages & proves beyond a doubt that the con- soehce of ' a guilty man' will raise-apparitions before his eyes. I have turned down one par ticular leaf. Good-night, and don't forget Mon day morning — eleven o'clock, sharp. Having been a busy man, l am veiy particular about appointments. Could you " — again, hehesitated hi the manner which I had marked as peculiar — give me a glass of water ?" There was a carafe in the waiting-room, and 1 hurried to fetch it from the table. Tberoom was in darkness, and,as I tuned, X tow William Herrard gliding round the desk, and thought that he was coming to meet me. . But his eyes had a -strained. and far-away ex pression, and his lipswere moving, as though addressing somebody. "Mr. Herrard," I said, sharply, as I con fronted, him, glass in hand. " you are net quite vourselt to-night, and I advise you to go He Bvrept his hand across his brow as he looked at me, and I saw that his face was damp with clammy perspiration. ."Come," I added, "you must have had something to upset yon today, or you would not behave like this. I begin to think that you must have been too long iu the company ' of some of you old friends, the farmers." 41 Perhaps — very likely," he muttered, taking tire glass and emptying it greedily ; " but I know what I am about and what I am saying. "Mind, eleven o'clock on Monday morning, sharp \- — and you tc'tll be there too."' " Humph !" thought I, as I went back to the desk; "Herrard's been worshipping Bacchus to-day. Bother' the mn.n ! be quite -put -me off my work." And neither .work nor read could I, though I .«tro x my hardest to do so. The words swam und « : my eyes ; when I picked np a pen , it slipp ' from my fingers, and I caught myself at the 1:- -1 of glancing up at the curtain, ex- pec-'n; not to toe tire face of Herrard there, bat <, at -iter's. O it of patience with myself, I flung " Murder Will But" under the desk, tucked my law-books and papers under my arm, and went home, thinking that Ishould get along totter after tea and a nap. ' But I grew worse instead of better. I.paoed the room and fidgetted about until I thought that I was going to be ill. The ticking of the clock annoyed me, and X stopped it. -The eyes of the portrait of some relation of my landlady's seemed to follow me about, until I had to xdstrein myself from smashing it ; and at last I put on my hat, determined to go to the theatre find shake - off the unaccountable sensations Which assailed me. The piece was of the gloomiest character, per formed by unhappy-looking men and women, who seemed determined to put the worst con struction oh the parts allotted to them. The leading tragedian, a stage villain of the worst degree, revelled in the horrors he bad to com mit; the despairing heroine shrieked with realistic terror ; and even the inevitable low comedian had something blood-curdling to At tiie end of the second act I went out, dis- fipiritedjand disgusted, calling myself a fool for not having noticed that the playbill ' Ike Hangman of Toulon," and passed into a supper room, where I hoped to meet with somebody I knew who would cheer me up with ftcnat. X called for a steak, which I could not eat, and a pint of stout, which was sound and. good \«toqgn, bit to my palate waa as hitter as gall. "People came and wenti "bat none of my ac- Snmntances. Melancholy had claimed me for U own, and I went home the most miserable and dejected man within the city walls. I asked myself the reason a hundred times, but- could 1 feffl to solution tq the question: and as in tori X tosaedand tumbled, I cursed' Herrard, has . . appointoent with me, his fancies, and the took JmW brougbfcto the office. \- lba$. I sun' the greatest idiot," T-w>ar- " J£ sae> 40 -4--' ' -s- ' Then there arose before me many a form and face I had seen standing in the dock. Sullen . murderers, felons with crime stamped upon- their brows, .women shrieking for mercy, women fainting in the arms of the warders, mere lads clinging to the rail and panting like dogs as juries returned from their deliberations, and criminalseo familiar, alas, with the routine of prison life that they heard their sentences, unmoved, and went to their punishment with as little emotion as honest folk go to their daily toil. But foremost of all these forms was that of ; William HSfcrard. It Stood out from the rest, | and refused to-be dismissed. There it was, ever pressing its way to the front, now near the I window, now near the door, and then leaning over the bed-rail and regardiug me pensively. I believe that I should have gone mad if I | had lain in bed throughout that awful night. I rose about two in the morning, lighted the candles, and, taking up a bonk, forced myself to read until the sun dispersed the shadows of the night, and awoke all nature to life and activity. With the freshening breeze the flowers shook the dewdrops from their drooping beads, and the birds -sang so blithely that I called myself doubly a fooi for allowing fancies to oppress me. 1 " '"The fact is," said I, as I splashed about like a'porpoi6e in my tub," " I must get out- of the place for to-day at least. A long ramble oh the seashore will do the- trick, and make a new man of me." Dressed again, and after a somewhat hurried breakfast, 1 took the first train to Y . The carriages were crowded wiih jaded -folks, who drank in the pure country air as if it were nectar; and when attest the journey' came to anend, it was a treat to see the happy faces' of the people as they made for the long stretch of golden strand, which was for ever re -echoing the unceasing voice of the ocean. X had not gone far before Idescried thefigoxe of a m an a long way ahead on a deserted por tion of the beach. He stood out in told, sil houette relief against the deep-blue skv, and though he wa& fully half a mile from "me, I could toe that ho was walking restlessly up and down, with his head towed, land his anus hang ing listlessly at his side. I put him down to be a convalescent who preferred solitude to the society of pleasure - septals; but suddenly I stopped, and with feelings I cannot describe— the man was no other than William Herrard ! . .It was, to say the least, a strange coincidence that ! should find him here ; but he did not seem to think so, for, seeing me, he advanced quietly until we stood face to face. " 1 caibe down iby the midnight train," he .said, quietly, 44 and I .have:, been waiting for' yon here., Iknew thaf I fvonid toe you." \- "You knew that you would see iae?" I -gasped. ' > . ; " Yes, I dreamt it. >1 saw jrou coining to;. iviAftf 'fnft no nlainlv qd T con trnn now wmi mawww wv mw ynwmj J- ew J vu uun suav JUU. ate here. X don't think you could have kept awayhad youtried." 44 Well," said I, laughing in spite of myself, "all I can tell yon is that it was riot until five o'clbek this morning that I made up my mind to go any where." 44 That may be bo," he returned, 44 but fete is fete, and it is not in the power of man to escape from Ms destiny evuti in trivial things. I have no wife to detain, you— indeed I wife to be alone. .Under any other circumstances I would Askyon to dfee with me, but you would not care to think- yon had sat at the same table wiih me, andyou will know the reason why tomorrow." ' I was more convinced than ever that the poor old man .was going out of his mind, and .did- not care to leave him, as -I caught him looking at the sea in a manner that suggested to my mind that the temptation need not be great to make ' him plunge headlong into the billows. "You nad better come with me," I toid. "Lower down the beach there are plenty of feces familiar to you. And I tell you what it -is,'-' I blurted -outj "you ought to see a doctor, and not go prowling about away from every body as if you bad committed a murder." He put out his baud as if to clutch my wrist, but turned upon his heel and walked swiftly away, leaving me, as it were, rooted to the I wished now from the bottom of my heart that I had not set foot in Y , and, as for William Menard, I. muttered eomei ' unkind ihirigs about him as X returned to the busy part of the beach and shook off the feagrin I felt by making tome casual .acquaintances, and dis cussing the ordinary topics of theday. Night found me. back at N , and, let me confess it, the wretched hours I had previously spent caused me to put on an additional night cap, in the form of a stiff glass of whisky water. . My elumber was dreamiest and sound, arid I ' awoke in-better spirits and with a lighter heart. Ihadnotheoilongatthe office before I're-: ceived a telegram from iny employers; "stating', that they would not put in oaappearancbmoS' noontide,, arid requesting me to look after soridiy fittle matters within reach of ihy legal knowledge; . ... At half-past 10 I put some papers together, ' with the view Of calling upon another, solicitor on the way to fee GnildhalL As I was arrang ing the documents in the proper Older, the: door opened noisily, and in walked Tngrto'- Atkins. 44 1 have just stepped down," he said, f to say ma v>iinam -txerrara wisnes to-see you at once." 44 Mr. Herrard," I replied, wife vmpTuytfi on the prefix, 44 has already made an appointment wife me for 11 o'clock." 44 1 beg your pardon, sir," he said, "but we generally call .prisoners bytheir names only.". 44 Prisoners I" The papers fell in a disordered heapupon the floor. "Yes, sir. Herrard gave himself up an hour ago, and he stands charged, on his own con- - fession, with having murdered his wife years ago on this veiy date." > 44 Oh, nonsense !" said L 44 Mr, Herrard is not himself. He called hers on Saturday even ing, and. I saw him at Y yesterday, and on both occasions I was struck by fee strangeness , of his manner. I think, Mr. Atkins, that a medical man had better see him instead of myself.' " lam only obeying orders," the inspector replied, " and, of course, you will do as you please with regard to seeing him. He spoke rationally enough when he came to the station, but said feat he desired to make a more lengthy statement to you, the representative of his legal advisers." 44 Very well," I said. 44 1 suppose I must humour him, though he is mad beyond a doubt. Look here, Mr. Atkins, you had better place a man within easy call of the cell, as the poor old man' s delusions may cause h?m to fly into a frenzy, and I have no desire to be seized by the throat, or anything of that kind. I will go with you s.t once, and get this disagreeable job over." Inspector Atkins smiled at my request, as I was a broad-shouldered, strong young fellow, who had held my own in boxing, boating, ana swimming. Few were the words exchanged between us on the way to , the station, where I asked to see William Herrard's confeBBion. It was simple enough, taken down at bis own dictation, and ran as follows : — 44 1, William Herrard, of S street, N , do hereby de clare that on fee morning of Monday, 20th July, 185—, I did kill my wife Henrietta, and that since the committal of the deed I have known neither rest nor peace of mind, her form having ever been before me, asleep or awake. (Signed) William Hebuabd." 44 There," said l, pointing to the last words of the confession, 44 it does not need a wise head to tell that the unfortunate wan is not in a proper state of mind. He, Mr. Herrard, commit murder I The idea is too ridiculous to entertain for a moment. When - 1 was quite a toy, I remember Mrs. Herrard, and she was veiy kind to me; but I fear that fee reports winch were circulated about her were only too true. Well" — sighing — 44 let me see him." The chief constable had been hastily sum moned to the station, and he, calling the gaoler, escorted me to fee celL Hie dim light struggling throngh a small barred window near the ceiling fell upon William Herrard. He bad asked to be supplied with writing materials and a small table, and he was so busy with fee pen that he seemed unaware of my presence until fee chief constable informed him of fee fact. - 44Mr. Hitchings,"he said, petulantly, 44 there is a sounding-board over the cell door, and I wife it to be taken down. It is not fair that yourmen should have the opportunity of hear ing the conversation which will pass between this gentleman and myself." 44 Yon shall have your own way," the chief constable replied, 44 although It is rather out of order." 44 Out of order, when I intend to give instruc tions for my defence !" 'Oh, come," thought 1, 44 this is better. He ' is coming round to his senses, and has .repented of his folly already." , s. The sounding- board was lifted down from fee chains which held it ah (to angle, and I was alone with the self-charged . prisoner. ' 44 Areyou sure, " iae said; "that nobody is loitering about outside?" " Quite." I replied, sitting down on a'berieh that ranalong the waB and did duty for a bed. 44 1 thought you wooM haira been satisfied with the removal of the sounding-board." 44 So 1 am,", to responded, " but only to a certain, extent. These officials, have- sharp ears, and kriow howto use them. Ihave given my oelf p, but l am an bld man, aadalthtmfe I wished to betiumfeed for my -crima, I should iitoitto be neoaced to manslaughter. I did not 8tartlife-a8 a bad man, and I don' fc want to he hanged like a dog. Let me have a few years of repentance in homo, place where d am paying aa extreme penalty- Liberty is %-coree io me; . £ don't deserve to be free among honest men. Let them -chain me, starve me if feey will ; but, don't let them carry me to the scaffold. I am an old man, a very old m an, and my punish ment has been more than I can bear under fee sunlight and amid the haunts of men." He buried his face in Ms hands for a few moments, and then rising suddenly, went to the door and listened. 44 You think me mad,'' he continued, as to Teturuedto the table, "and I have been mad; but lam Bane now. If your eyes were , open, as mine are, you would faint wife horror at the sight that is before me." I turned cold, shuddered, and glancing in stinctively at the door, wished myself well on fee other side of it. 44 Henrietta and I were ill-matched," he resumed. 44 We bad not been married many months before I knew feat she loved fee money I had slaved for, and not myself. 44 Her heart was. in the keeping of .another man, who left the country on fee vera, day that I put the wedding ring on tor finger. We had many quarrels, and daring one she told me to my face that her .frienc(p had per suaded her to marry mo, but that tor life was a corse and misery to her, since our ubion had .'driven fee only man she had cared for across fee seas. ' 44 1 stood staring at her as she made this com fessiou, with eveiy drop of blood .tingiipg in my veins.' I did not speak, . my- throat : seomed to have closed up, and I breathed wdfe somuch , difficulty that I knew my face, was turriipg black, and ' that the yeins.upon my brow were standing oat like whipcord. r 44 4 So,' I contrived to articulate at test,, rtyou married me for my money, that I might help yfeur poverty-stricken friend, that feey might clothe ana better themselves upon my gold?' : .. 44 4 Your money !' she cried, contemptuously. 4Ihate it, and loathe the vera food it buys. Yon shall see, William Herrard, that I -can be careful, and return to - you, wife. -feB; interest, such sums as you may think you nave lent or given my people.' , .l. ."-She was as good as her word. Her first act was to dismiss fee servant, her second to cut down expenses, until we existed like people who live from hand to month. : No 'luxury 'feat l ever brought home would fee ever touch, and ; 'attest- fee gulf between us was so -wide that; we <spoke to each ofeer only when absolutely I necessary. " Ibis n miserable story, andl see by your? face feat you think It a contemptible one. - So; it is. Bat consider what it is for man' mid wife ! to be continually at variance with etah ofeer. Love flown, no harmony of spirit or idea, no smile'Of welcome. Heaven knows, it ifi a cruel: wrong that such people should ever meet. > "Time went on. I absented myself some-; times for days together, going where sadden' impulse prompted me, and praying that one or fee ofeet of us might die, for Me was unbear able—cold, cruel, and hopeless. 4 One day, after such a journey, I returned to my miserable, house. I bad a duplicate key, and after pausing in the garden to look at a well I had ordered to be hrigked in, and which fee men had just commenced; I let myself in. " My wife was absent, and I thought that she might have gone to her freinds, as she some times did, without consulting me. Suddenly my byes were attracted, to same fragments , of paper lying in the grate, and for the want of something to do, I picked them up, and began putting them together, just as alittlechild will play- aimlessly with the pieces of a puzzle it does npt.ttodexstend. . \ , . ' 44 By degrees .1 made out a word here and .there, and then a line. The letter wto fronrtny wife's first sweefeeart, and if ever a -man -saw - red then, I was tbat man. X was. drunk with madness and fee thought of revenge.- " I gloated over fee feonght of meeting tor, and I raved, shouted, ahd danced,;! believe, in my delirirm. : Night came, but Hennette did not appear, and it was not nntu a late honr that I heard the garden gate open.; I flew qui of the house to meet her, and as ?we stood face to face, one "bitter word escapedmyiips. 44 4 It ib false!' she replied; fee-man you speak of hap taught me alesson which I intend to take to the heart. - Youhavenoi rcadthe letter. Oh, William, hero those awful .. eyes from me; you look like a fiend 1' ' 44 4 And a fiend yon have made of me,' I said,' seizing her by fee throat. 4 Though you Kaive - been no wife to me, you shall not make your-: self infamous vriih my paltry rival,' , 44 4IVa love of the mercy tiiat -"homes torn- .heaven,' fee cried, 44 let me speak, Bohtk!lline wuiiam! Dmutldllinel' -- ' 44 4 Down there, and tell your lying story ; ' I hissed, pushing her over the brink of the well, 44 1 heard only one cry, for I stopped my ears tothe awful fioundswhichXkuew.muBt follow, as 'fee well was more than a hundred feet deep, and its decayed machinery had fallen into, fee black pit long before I took fee house. " I ran from fee accursed spot, followed by her spectre. I was mad, hut calmly.'mad, and from that moment started making inquiries of hex whom T had killed. First I went to her friend's House,' and stenily demanded my wife. " Fhey told me she had started hours before, and ' I Went to fee police station— this very one— and made inquiries. The city wasacoured through- out fee night, all fee next dar, and -on fee. following one: a dozen .advertisements stated tbat if ' Henrietta Herrard would return home, her husband was willing to receive her, and to forget and forgive.' 44 This disarmed suspicion,' and though the detectives visited my placej they never thought fit to examine fee well. I showed one or two fragments of fee letter from abroad, and fee y come to fee conclusion that my wife had quitted fee country. But the rest of the letter i kept. The man whom I thought J had every reason 1o hate had written to say that he was himself married , and hoped that my wife was happy with me. " The workmen came and bricked in fee well. They whistled and sang as fe6y toiled; little dreaming of what was deep down, shut from their eyes. 44 From feed to now I have led the life of a haunted man. Henrietta has always been at my side. She was with me when I .called at fee office on Saturday night, wife me when I stood on the lonely sea shore, and she -is here now. Look! — look! As I speak she glides softly to my side, and beckons wife a ghostly finger." I shuddered, and recoiled from him as if I saw the mark of some loathsome plague upon his haggard face, and stammered out : 44 1 have heard enough. What would you have us do — defend you." 44 Yes ; because it was not murder. - I killed her, it is true ; but, as I thought, under fee greatest provocation that a man can receive. What's that ? Was it you who said I lied?" William Herrard clutched my wrist, and, flaring like a fiend into my face, held me as in a Vice. 44 If I thought you would betray me byword or deed," he hissed, 44 you — you should never leave this place alive. Do yon hear? X have suffered enough for my sin. I have been more miserable than tongue can tell, -and I will not be hanged like a dog." " Mr. Herrard," I replied, toying to speak . calmly, 44 you must know perfectly well that" solicitors or their representatives are in honour bound never to divulge a single word that a client may say or write. What have yon been writing here?" He released me to pick np the papers, saying : 44 1 have been settling my worldly affairs, as I know tbat I cannot live long. See, in repara tion for the awful mistake I made, I have left everything to my dead wife's relatives. . Have ; I not done well? — is not that sufficient? She does not think so. Her spirit will riot go to its rest, It remains with me always— always — ' plways!" He broke down, sobbing like a child, and I took fee opportunity to say that it was time to go- . William. Herrard made no reply, and X rang the bell, and was glad enough to find myself in fee charge room again. "What do you make of your client?" the chief constable asked. "Mad — undoubtedly mad," I replied. 44 It is a curious thing to say," Mr, Hitchings rejoined, 44 but for his own sake, I hope to is. We have known him so leng asaqoiet, respected man that " I turned away without hearing any more, for I was sick at heart, and longed-for fee Buritight and fee faces of busy people. - Space will not allow me to describe the various appearances of William Herrard and . the remands from week to week; 44 1 lolled my wife, "he said over and over On aH else to was drnrib, and so were we. It is an established fact that no man can be tried for murder unless fee body, or part thereof, of his victim' comes to light, and is identified beyond. dispute; -and people, believ ing in Herrard's insanity, fully believed feat h» would merely be pnt under restraint for a short time, and set at liberty again. But in fee meantime fee detectives were/putting their toads together and hard at work. Experienced trien from London came dowp, and not a niche or crariny of Herrard's premises was left un noticed. The well was opened, men descended by long ladders, and found fee pkeleton of a woman clothed in rotting xags, a brooch, and stradrrofeersmall arfedes, pwtog beyond 1 doubt feat Herrard'scoufwmou was. no mad- iuui'shtoty.l . came «, and % Mtowofcfl Q.Q, waserigagedto jlefeud him 4 but .all fee-: arguments .and. elo- qnaaoe in fee world could riot save the wretched tnaa. He was found guilty and condemned to death. When asked in the usual' form whether are had anything to say; to .pointed to fee well of fee court; i . " Nothing, my lord," he replied. 44 1 mefely Jwish to say that the Bplxitnf myi wife has been sitting at fee side Of the prosecuting counsel, ;and instructing him throughout fee trial," ' ,1-ehall never forgetfee horrified look on the barrister's face as long-as X live. < > The evening before fee execution of William ; Herrard arrived,. and my feet were drawn to-. wards the gaol. A waggon laden frith timber - stood outside for the construction of fee awful machine . of death, , but the mow in charge sat idly upon it, and whispered among each ofeer. What had happened? Had a reprieve arrived? .. I was not kept long in doubt. The ponderous gates swung open, and a warder came out, and, knowing me well, came np. " I am thankful to say 6ir," he said, 44 that fee ghastly task will be spared us to-morrow. It is no secret now, so l can, speak without re serve. .William Herrard is dead." 44 Committed suicide??' I Modulated. ' 44 How could he compiut Kiiciie, sir, when he has been contiouidly watched by two warden ? He-Jay 409ft -to deep, qs feey feonght, jthis afternoon, and when feey trled to rouse him to take Jhisevsning meal, they found that- he Had gone from an earthly tribunal to fee greatest rind highest of all.'! : f . My story, with all its faults, is told, hut I have endeavoured to tell it plainly, and, how ever fee readers iriay condemn its construction, I -have written what I experienced and felt. In UVrord. fee StoiV Of "A Haiinfd .in n trueone.- \- Weekly Budget. , 