novelist. O'Neil THE IRISH ^Darragli,. DETECTIVE: Or, THE STRATEGY OF A BRAVE MAN. BY OLD ^SLEUTH. CHAPTER XXVI. A handsomely-dressed gentleman was just croaking the thrcebhold. The person entering the room was Harry Trendall, and the Light of IUason Beamed in his handsome Eyes 1 O'Nsil could not move nor speak. While he stood.staring in amazement, the young man crossed the door, and in a rich voice that caused the faithful officer's blood to tingle, he exclaimed, SB he emended bis hands: * My unknown friend, let me thank you for saving me from a condition worse than death.' ' Why should yon thank me 1 How do you know thatl .ti&ve; shown any interest in your bflaira ?' ' The doctor has told me all: and now yon must excuse my eagerness in asking you \- how it vat that you came to interest yourself in my behaif, ae 1 have no recollection of ever having seen you before this moment.' 'Is it not DDssib^e that the injury you have recovered" from may have barred yonr memory of past events ?' .' No, sir ; with the return of health my memory is entirely restored. I remember every minute particular of iny past lite up to a certain moment.' ' Dare you taik of past eventE?' ' I dare.' ' Do you remember what was to have happened on toe day you received your injury?' 'I do; I was on my way to be married to one of the loveliest girla that ever lived, and it is a, mystery to me why ehe seemingly knows nothing concerning what has befallen me, or she would have bscn here; but it is poRsible that youaro her representative?' The (Jetective'ji position was an embarrassing one. He' was cool enough, however to know that revelations and disclosures must be approached gradually. Harry Trendall was wonderfully cool and calm,-and was evidently so thoroughly restored to reason that he was not disposed to advance one step in any direction until he had received a few explanations. * I am a representative of Miss Marian Edelin,' said the oiheer. . 'So I have beleived and hoped,' was the calm reply, * ever since traet and hope have been a returned possibility with me. And now, answer me, when shall I be taken to my precious Marian ? or when shall she be brought to me 1 or does the same roof cover us now 7 and ia ehe bat waiting a favourable moment to tush into my arms?' The young man's face glowed with hope and enthusiasm aa he rapidly ottered the words above recorded. Without waiting for the detective to answer hie impetuous worda, he continued, and said: ' Having been an invalid has made me partialiy helpless and dependent. I am compelled to a .rait developments, but I shall eoon shake offi all restraints, and inquire and act for myself.' * Will you do me one favour, which I«rave in your interest?' s I will,' was the frank reply. * Do not ask anything about Misg Edelin at present; ehe is not here, nor will yon eep her right away. The reason shall be made plain to yon.' M l o ' Will you answer me one question ?* * I will, if I can.' 'Is Marian still true to me despite the strange events which have followed what was to have been onr wedding-day V The young man's eyes gleamed, and there was a world of pathos mingled with a reserve of pride as he asked thiB question. ' Lady love was never more faithful to her betrothed than Hiss Edelin haB been to you, sir, and circumstances over which she has had no more control than yon have prevent her from appearing at y oar side at this moment.' ' Oh, Heaven 1 is she ill ?' Has my misfortune driven her mad f 'No, no ; but you are not granting my favour. I iiave some questions to ask yon, and afterwards a story to tell you, and then I will answer sll cf your questions ; but all of these matters must come in their turn.' ' I suppose I must agree to your terms, sir; hut my heart is almost bursting with conflicting agitation ; but answer me, who are you,and how ie it that yon have taken each an interest in my affaire V ' My name' sir, is O'NeilM'Darragh.' ' A name 1 never heard before.' . * Very likely not.' ' Howie it that you have become interested in me V * I am & detective offioer, and I was employed to searoh for you a day or two after you were miesing.* A bright light gleamed in Harry Tren- 6 all's eyes as he exclaimed: ' Ah I I see. Much light has broken upon my mind by your admission. Miss Edelin does not yet know that I have been found; the condition in which you found me led yon to delay the announcement of yonr discovery until I should have 'reoovered.' Again must I thank you for showing a remarkably delicate consideration.' Thiswae epoken by the young man in quick, passionate tones, and as the conviction that his conclusions were correct RDpeated to be more firmly fUsd in hie mind, his cca&tenance; assumed a more joyous expression. r The detective did not see fit to disabuse his mind instantly, and by his silence virtually corroborated the handsome youth's con- t a clusions. ' Now tell me,' continued Harry, ' bow it d was that I oame to meet with an accident, m and what the misfortune was whiah befell a me upon the day which ought to have been the happieBt of my life.' , - ' Have you no recollection of the events of that day ?' ' No, sir, not beyond a oertaia point.' ' You must have recollection of ail the incidents up to the moment just preceding your loss of consciousness. O i ' I have.' ' Well, just relate them to me, and remember that I am your friend, and have a right to know each trival detail.' • On that day I was to have left for P on a certain tram, but a client called at my office, and I was detained antii the next train. On my way to the station I was again delayed, eo that I did not reach the station in time to take the second train I intended to, and the result was, I was compelled to wait for a train which did not reaoh P until after dark. A carriage was to have met me at the station, but as it was not there, I concluded to walk to Bidge Grove.' ' Why did you not hire a conveyance at the Township ?' : I am a stout walker, and as it was an eventful evening in mv career, I thought I would go afoot, and avail myself of the op portunity for quiet communion with my own thoughts on tbe rosd. ' ' Did you not think it strange that the carriage had not waited for you?' ' Well, I was exaited, and did not stop to think about any thicg.' ' Did you apeak to anj; cne on the train during the ride from the station to P ?' ' I tid not; I was immersed in my own thoughts, and occupied a seat in the last carriage.' ' Did yon meet no one that yon were acquainted with? ' « i did not.' • So yon started to walk to Bidge Grove alone after dark ?' ' Yes. eir.' • Wnat befell you on your way V 4 Nothing.' { Kothiug ?' ' I mean I hare no recollection of any accident thet befell me.' ' What is tbe last thing you have any recollection of?" ' My last recollection is that I waa walking through a piece of woods through which the road to Bidge Grove runs.' The dctective waa silent a moment. Hie thoughta were buey filling out the story which the young man could not tell, because of the assassin's blow he must have received, which laid him unconscious, and apparently lifeless, in the duet of tbe road. The youth broke the silence by asking : • Can you tell me what happened ?' 'I can.' • Will you V ' Do you think you can hear it calmly ?' ' I know I can.' 'You were struck down by the b"ow of a woull-be assassin.' ' Ah 1 and that accounts for the injury that caused me the loss Of reason? 1 'Yes, air.' "M "> 'But where was I during the time succeeding the first few hours following tne blow ?' ' That question can only be answered by tbe assassin who deal't the blow.' ' Then I was missing for a time V • Yes.' " , ' Was an effort made to discover my whereabouts?' ' * Yes; I have been npon your track, as I told you before, from the day following the attack until now. • You were employed by Mr. Turner!' ' I was not.' • CHAPTER XXVII. On receipt of the answer recorded ia' onr last chapter Harry Trendall gave s start, ana inquired : ' Who did employ yon?' 'Miss Edelin.' ' That was strange !' muBed the youth. .' I must tell you a strange fact, which will explain how I came to be employed by Mtsa Edelin. No one, of course,.knew what had befallen you, and the report was circulated that you had deserted the young lad; whom you were to have married.' The fierce, light whiah glowed in the eyes of Harry Trendall showed him to be a man of spirit, as he exclaimed: • Who dared to circulate such a report I' ' Well, Mr. and Mrs. Turner gave credence to the report.' The detective made this statement in a very significant tone. The youth observed the significance, and asked, while a pallor overspread hie handsome face: ' Did Mias Edelin give credence to the re* port?' ' Not for a moment.' ' What waa her theory ?' ' The true one.' ( That I had been waylaid and mnrdered ?' •See.' ' Poor girl 1 poor girl I Oh, that yon would take me to her at once 1' ' I cannot now ; we have some further explanations to exchange, and then I have a sad fact to reveal to you.' The young man's face assumed a deathly hue. and in a gasping tone he asked: « She is not dead ?' O 16 ' No ; but she is missing.' . For a moment we must drop the enrtain. - Daring that moment Harry Trendall exhibited an agony which brought tears to tbe eyes of the brave, iron-hearted Irishman who was a witness to it. When reoovered somewhat Irom his emotion his first exclamation was: ' Yon are a deteotive ?' • 1 am.* ' Have yoa been searching lor Miss Ede lin?' • Yaa.' ' And have yon failed to find her?' • Thus far I have failed.' 1 Come then, * cried the youth, with wild energy; ' we will pursue the search together; and woe betide any one who may have bad a hand in causing her abdnotion 1' The detective made no reply, but there was a perplexed . look npon his handsome, bronzed face,- which caused the youth to exclaim 7' ' ' Are there any rumors of foul play?' •No.' ' Are there any rumors which pretend to account for her absence ?' • Yes, bat they are false.' • What are they ?* ' Will yon remember, before I tell you, that they are false ?' ' You need have no fears for me; I am not a baby or a woman. I am a man, with a man's nerves 1 tell me the troth 1' ' The rumor is that she has drowned her self.' ' And was the body found ?' ' A body was foand.' Harry Trendall was a lawyer. At once a certain revelation appeared to flash through hia mind. ' Foul play !' he ejaculated. ' That is my opinion.' ' And who is at the bottom of it ?' ' Who would bo interested in her death!' Harry Trendall's face flashed with honor as 8 certain suspicion was conveyed to his mind, _ ' Can it be possible,' he exclaimed, ' that I was a victim of the flame conspirators?' ' Yoa were ?' 4 And Mrs. Tarner is tbe arch fiend who is at the bottom of it all!' ' Why do you name her?' asked the detective. . . ' Simply because 1 have been suspicions , of that woman cvar (since I first saw her.' j ' Your suspicions are correct; I know of n° eason tc decive you.' And tbe detective proceeded to relate to the stonished young man all the facta he hought necessary. Tbe offioer was delighted with Harry Trenall, and he did not wonder that the young an won the love of such a lovely oreature s Marian Edelin. 1 7 After having heard the detective's story, Harry showed a noble apir : t. He was no meek, spoony fort of a chap, who was disposed to moarn helplessly over his misfortunes. On the contrary, he said, in a fine manly tone: ' I will help yoa now 1 Yoa will not be compelled to prosecute the work alone 1 You will find me a man 1 The detective fulfilled his promise in regard to payment to tbe dootor, and heartily complimented and thanked him for the blessed result obtained. Harry Trendall was taken direct to O'Neil M Darragh's lodgiogs. Tbe officer, for reasons of his own,had determined not to let the fact of his discovery and recovery be known. He had every reason to believe that both Indian Jack and Mrs. Tarner believed tbe young man to be dead, and the aeteccive bad already thought out a plan for taking advantage cf this belief. A week passed. Oac day Indian Jack, who had returned to the city and resumed his character as the planter, was walking up George Street, when i he felt a hand laid upon bis ehouldcr. TurniDg quickly, the half-breed recognized the blonde with whom he had b2en associated quite intimately a few weeks previous. The blonde looked as natural, and acted as familiarly as though tliey had been meeting daily ever since their first acquaintance. Jack traa in a desperate mood and gUd to see any cne for a change, and he pretended he was quite glad - to meet the mau who had matched him upon a former occasion eu tfi-jctuElly. * Where have you been lately?' asked the Lalf-fcreed. ' 1 have been on a money-making racket.* ' How did yoa come out ?' ' A few thousands ahead. This last statement set the hall-breed's ears all a tingle. For over ten days be had been <5orfgint( around his old haun^s.buv in peif ;cc terror oi meeting a fi-itce mm to whom he owed a gaqi^iing debt. ' Why didnt you let me in ?" he asked. * It was a jumping trip; we started on tbe go; bad no unii to tike any one in.' Th9 blonde had always shown himself quite a generous * pal, ' and Jack ventured to uak : * Can you set a lad up with a hundred or so for a few days ?' * 1 don't know why 1 shouldn't How much do you want ?' j j fi'ty, j ' ' Could you spare two hundred and umii I make a pick np? Zou'll find me square, honor bright!' ' I'll let you have it, but 1 havj't ov3r a hundred With me. You can have that, and oome down to the ' jaocle,' where 1 am stopping, and I'll give you the rest to-night.' Jack was delighted. To him, in his prseent need, a hundred was a fortune. The blonde passed over the cash, and then proposed that they should go and faavj a little wrangle with the tiger. Tbe half-breed bad always found tbe blonde & lucky player, and as he always ' whacked ' up on his winnings, the Indian was delighted with the proposition. He struck a place wbere the game was going on day ana night. Luck favored the blonde, and when Jack started to leave the place, he had a cool two hundred ana fifty. Once on the street he had not gone two blocks,when he met the man to whom he owed the money. '' He paid'his debt with a great flourish, and was a happy man. • Tbe blonde remained in hia company a little while longer, and then separated from him with the understanding that tbe halfbreed was to call for the hundred and fifty at about eleven o'clock that night. Tbe blonde invented some excuse for setting suoh an unusual hour and departed. An hour later, in a certain suspicious neighborhood in the lower part of the city, two men might have been seen entering a house which had long been supposed to be unooospied. Such waa the fact. The bnilding was a small, two-story house, and in former days had been a place known to the polioe as a famous hiding-house ahd a crib for the secreting of etolen goods. Latterly large warehouses had been built np on every sice, and the old crib had long been deserted. The furniture had remained in the house, as tbe last tenants had left it in settlement for heary balances of rent. t was jast between daylight and dark when the two men we have mentioned stepped npon the low stoop. One of them drew a key from his pocket, and a moment later they entered the plaoe. ' -The fnrniture, which was revealed by the struggling rays of a candle which they had lighted, waa a strange mixture of the rich and gaudy, and the plain and broken. One of tbe men, aa he took the candle in his hand said to his friend: ' We mns.t play woman, and tidy this place up a bit, as that chap, Indian Jaak, is a suspicious cuss, and as cate as a tax.' 'My plan,'said tbe second man,' would be to throttle the scoundrel, and force him to tell all he knows.' U 1) « That won't work, Harry. 1 have tried that game in a good many ways. That fellow would die rather than reveal his seoret. He would be roasted, but would Vnever betray his confederates. He has just enough Indian blood in bis veins to possess this sterling peculiarity. Had he been an ordinary man, 1 would have bad him confess long ago. ' Friend M'Darragh, a gentleman of your profession ought to know what he ia talking about, and yet it seems strange to me that a low, volgar fellow like Indian Jack should possess such a virtue.' ' It ia bis Indian blood, and, 1 tell you, there is but one way to open that fellow's mouth, and that way 1 am going to try tonight. If my plan don't succeed 1 will try one other, but tbe last ia a reoocrae 1 wiah to avoid, if possible; but 1 will try tbe dead man first I' CHAPTER XXVII^, We have described in a previous chapter the entrance of the two men into the little down-town honee which had onoe been a receiving crib. On the same night, at about eleven o'clock, the half-breed might have been Been strolling along Druitt Street. The fellow had just left a notorious gambling house, aud was on his way, according to appointment, to receive the balance of the loan promised. Jaok was a desperate character, and as he walked along wicked thoughts were passing through hia mind. He remembered some words need by tbe blonde: ' Ah, y ea; I am a few thousands ahead.' The half-breed knew, or had reason to suppose, that the blonde kept no banking account, and that more than likely he had the money on his person, or in hiB trunk, in his apartment. Upon this assumption, the half-breed conceived the atroaious design to possess himself of his friend's money, even at the cost of his friend's life. Jack prepared himself to Bctif an opportunity presented itself. ' Han^ him 1' he soliloquised, ' he's a bad one, and his loss would be nothing to the country.' Turning down a certain street, which leads out of Druitt Street, the half-breed moved slowly along until be arrived is front of tbe low two-story brick house which we have described. OM ' This most be the bouse,'muttered Jack,and after glancing np and down the street to see that his movements were not observed, he ascended the few steps leading to the front door. There was neither bell-knob nor knocker, and the half-breed was compelled to use hie knuckles. Twice he knocked, when he heard a step inside, and a* voice asked : •Who's there?' ' Jaok 1' was the answer. The door was opened and the blonde stood in the opening. ' Hallo, old boy 1' said the latter,.' I had forgotten all about your visit.' ' Maybe you don't want to see me,' said Jack. •Did I say so?' ' No." • Well, come in, then. I only said I had forgotten aboat your coming ; but I am glad you are here, as I'm all alone,and will be for to-night, as my friend is oat ot town for a few daye.' Upon -bearing tbe blonde say that be was alone, Jack felt a thrill go through his heart, and there was a strange, meaning glance in his dark, fierco eye?. He stepped across tbe threshhold; little dreaming what horror was to startle his eon! and with a dark design in his heart born of greed and treachery. The blonde led the way to the rear room on the second floor. The apartment wa3 plainly famished. On the centre of the floor was a plain deal j tab'e, npon which the blonde placed a candle j whioii he had carried in his band to the door j when admitting Jack. 1 The latter's eyes fished round the apirtmrns, taking in everything at & glance. j It was not suspicion that pronrpted him to do this. His mind was too fully set npon his own treacherous designs to dream cf treachery towards himself. ' Take a seat,' anid the blonde, and as he spoke he feated himself at a tabie with his back to a mirror which depended from ceiliog to floor. There was hat one otber chair in the room, and that chair was ao placed that its occupant would be forced 10 sit facing the mirror. Tiie blonde was pleae&nt; and cheerful in his demeanor, and showed a disjjdtuion to be vary hospitable. This kindnesa, however, did cot for a moment cause the least feeling rf relenting in Jaik's aavace heart. His imagination had become fixed with the idea of the thoueanaa in caBh tbe blonde was supposed to have upon hi8 person, and this sum the rascal was determined to have at any cost. * ] i accepted the prcfiered seat, and the two men sat face to face. ' S iy, Ja- jk,' oried the blonde, after a few seconds' talic, ' I met a man to-day who saya he knows ycu.' The hftlf-breed had admitted to his seeming friend that he was not a planter, and that ttie oharactsr was but an assumed one, and during their former few weeks* intimacy the two men had been in vhe hs bit ai iddressing each other facj-'iisi;; ah '«ack' and' Tom.' / When infermeu that the blonde had met some one who knew him : Jack showed considerable annoyance, and did not eeem at all anxious to learn who the party was whom his friend Tom had met. • From what this friend told me, oontincrd the blonde, ' you ought to have plenty of money.' • Who in thunder is the man who knows so much about my business ?• ' He is a man wl^m I hare met several times—a mysterious sort of chap—a Spaniard or Egyptian, for all I know.' Jack's dark face snowed a shade of pallor as his memory reverted to the dark-faced man who had held sash a remarkable interview with him npon an occasion fully described in onr previous chapters. ' Do you know anything about the man yoa are speaking of ?'. 'Only that he is & wonderlally smart gambler, and appaars to pick up information in a very strange manner; in fact, I've heard it whispered that he was in league with tbe devil; and sometimeB I have imagined there was some trath in the report, because no one can find out anything about him, and he seems to know everything aboat everybody else." • He's a fraud,' cried Jaok. • Then yoa know him ?' ' I suspect him.' 1 What do you suspact about him V 'It onlj conaarns myself.' 'Well, old pard, if you know anything of this dark-faced man yoa ought to tell me, aB ke is patting up a heavy * racket' with me." 1 A"bagging " racket?' ' Yes.' ' Will yoji jast drop out ?' • Nat unless yoa give me very good reasons.' The half-breed leaned over the table and said : • Hes a " cop," and one of the smartest in the force; he's playing decoy on yoa and will have yoa '• hocked" with all the documents dead against yon 1' The blonde looked surprised, and, as oar readers have already suspected the real character of the blonde, we will add that his look of surprise was not assumed. ., 2 Tnis little incident revealed once more what a cunning and observant fellow the half-breed really wae. 'I am glad you have told me,*said the blonde, adding, ' it he's a cop he's got the dead wood on you, that's all.' ' What do you mean ? ! asked Jaok. • Well, he gave me to understand that you were mixed up in a serious bleeding arrangement 1' Tbe half-breed's faoe became livid, as he answered; 1 It's false 1 its false!' As the Indian spoke he happened to look in tbe mirror before him and caught a sight of His own blanched face. The blonde ottered a low whistle, and remarked ; • Yon say it's false, eh?' At thia instant, instead of replying, Jack started from hia seat with a shriek. Hie face was contorted with terror,and hiB eyes glared, ae though some fearful sight had suddenly risen before his vision. Tnis was a fact. While the half- breed had been staring in the glass, his^own reflection had been crossed and supplanted by a figure whioh caused him to spring from his seat and ntter the shriek. The figure whioh he had seen was that of Harry Trendall. The supposed murdered man wae dressed just as he had been attired on the fatal day when he was assaulted; and what was more, his face was like the dead, while crimson streaks besmeared his clothes and ghastly features. The ghostly figure had tppeared but & moment when it vanished. ' What ia the matter, old man ?' asked tbe blonde. ' You act as tbongiryou had seen a ghost.' Jack still stood paralysed with terror, gazing into the mirror. The blonde seemingly turned and followed the glance of his guest's eyes, when once more he asked: ' What have yoa seen to cause yon to look so like a dead man ?' 'Nothing,' answered Jaok. ' 1 am subject to twitches ia my heart, and I felt one just then.' • Well, sit down ; I want to have a talk with you.' 'I cannot remain long,' replied the halfbreed. * I have made an appointment to get into a very big thing to-night, and if yon will 1st me have the hundred and fifty I will get away, and to- morrow I will repay you. I suppnpe that will soit you well enough.' [TO BE c::rriNCE»] OM H | 