SUPERNATURALIA ; OB Ghostly Apparitions. ; Tho appearaoco only to persons who oro peoollarly flttod for ghost-seeing is ono of tho pceulariticB of' all ghoet legonds. It is not overyono tbat oan oco.tbo inhabitants of tho invisible world, but thoso whoso eyas cro opened, or for tboso wuom tho ghost has a feeling that makes a faoiid'ot sympathy, or thoso who by bomo peculiarity of birth are better qualified than other's for suoh mystic sight. ; For instance, a chili born on Sunday in Scotland is believed, to' havo this powor abovo all others. . Tho " While Lid/ " appears on such occa sions in snob manlier as bo' chooses, hat io also oapjtbloot boUig 'sanimoncd- by. any of bcr family according ton preeoribed form all and by tbe performance of oertaln ritco. Tho" White Lidy of Avcncl " Isonly tlio appUoation to a partioulsr family r a belief common in ,B:otland wbero tli apparirion known inlrclobd aa thobam>U<% is kuownby thb sftmo name, but quite as SJton tbo 11 whito lady." In-faot, most of tuo great families in tbb Highlands wero aopporcd to bavo a do-- mcslio. spirit wb« Sook an interest in their prosperity,- an A . usually intimated an ap- proaohing disiitar by wailings and oncartly Bounds. of griof. Dut thero was a.diffcronco in tbs Apparition varying with tbo .character whlah C&oh; Ift BnnrinBrd to havo Hpld whila opoq tbs 'earth in mortal fiesb, bat In goreral it appeared as an old woman in. a mantle with streaming hair, A auporsUlion of tbo samo kind Is so gone- rally recoivcd Io tbo Qreon Islo tbat tbo banshee is counted ia popular belief to bo a peoniiorly Irish credulity, . In: Irolqnd thero liavo beon various ex planations of tbo word banshee, most ot thorn explaining ' it ao tbo "bead of tbo fairies," or whito fairy but Dr. O'Brionin hio Irish dictionary writes,.11 baaustgho plural man eighe,". tbe fairios, or ; women fairies crcduloualy supposed by ibo common pcoplo to boso affected to certain families tbat they are beard to sing mournful lamentations around houses at night whenever any mem ber ol tho family labors nndex a s:okncsi which is to ond in death, - . . . Some of tbo. oases in whlob the banihci has appeared aro told with an abondanoo ol detail and confirmed by so many witbcssci that, although unwilling to boliorothotalo. it booomes a difficult ono to answer oroxplaio away, , ' Tho banabco of tho Banwortb family at related to bavo appeared on tho ooesision ol tho death of Bev. Charles Banwortb, rcfatoi of Battov&nt;, in tho ooanty Cork, about tbi middlo of tho lost century ia auob a oass. Its first appcoranco was to ono of . tbo servant! named Ktvanagb, who oamo to the hoaso apparently in great gri&l; and wringing bli bands. . What ia it yon moon, Kmoogh !" in quired Xiisa Bunworib. " Is it moan ?" said Kavanaqh ; " tho ban- aheo has oomo from him, MUs, and 'tis not 1 alono who havo beard bor." ; 'Tia an idlo snperstition," said Miss Bunworib. "Maybe so," replied Kavanagh "but as 1 came through tbo glon ol Ballybeg obo was along with mo, keening and screeching ond olapplng her bands by my sido overy step of tbe way, with her long whito batr faiUog upon hor shoulders, and I oonld hoar her re peating tbo master's name overy now and then, as plain asI over heard it. Whodl oamo to tbo 'old abbey' sbo parted from . too ibore, and turned into tlio pigeon field, next tho boning ground, and folding hor oloak about her, down eho sat anaor tho trco that, was struok by lightaing and began to cry so bitterly that it wont through ono's bcart to bear it." , . Misi Banwortb told . Kavanagh that bor father was slcbplnff .qajctly. and that thoy thought ho was doing well, bat warned Jrim not to tril tho story to anyone. \ ' Mr.'Banworth,howovur, , did. not progress toward . recovery, but declinod . gradually, : though nothing moro h&ppenod; . until the night of his dc&tb.; Tbon thero wits q sudden' sonnd outaide tbo wintlow near tho. bod. " A roao trco was' forced asido with, somo noise, and a low moaning was heard, accompanied by otopplng of hands, as if of a fomalsin deop nffltotton. It seemed as if the bound pro- oooded from a person holding her mouth olooa to, the window. The lady, who- sat. by tho bedsldo wont into an .adjolaiog room and asked tbo gentlemen tboro if thoy had heard the bshaheo. None of them believed in her ladyship, and .they at onco Instituted a thorongh investigation. They walked, all around tbo house, examining cvory spot of rground; but tbora was not a sign, not even a. footstep upon tbe fresh earth of the garden. Upon thoir- return they wero astonished . to bear that the manifestations had been re peated; and tbat they had been more marked, ond tho dapping of hands loader than be foro,. '/ i Daring the night theeiok man grew rapidly worsb and'explred with the .firBt .gUmpss of morning. . , -." Tho legend of,' !' Tbo McCarthy,"., is tho ihost gcouliar among all tho banshees. Tbo voting. man diod ana was laid oat for eevcral boars wbea ho oamo baols to' life dad insioted that ho had been before tho judgment sodir bat bad been pormitted to oomo baek with tbo andentandlog that tbreo years more of life, .wero grantod him in whloh bo might become Abetter man,. . ; : - Ho had boon very- wild and dissipated, but reformed at ones and lWed.anamasnatarally . would - who know that, tho' day of his death, was fixed. As tbe timo drow near MoOaxtby's mother sent tar hot sister to bo with thorn at -tho ovontfnl, time, f On tbo way tho.bansheo 'appeared, giving d suocosjiodofBcrcams and making b load;oI.apping of tha:bands. Then thoy eaw tho flgore of a tall thin . woman, with uncovered bead, ' and hair t bat floated dromid her BhonJflara» attirqd;in Bomeihing' wliioh might be o loosowhltoolo'ak oraoheet.- Sbo stood in thp way as if to stop them, and motioned to" -go another way, wbich -.tboy Anally, .went. When ' thoy got : tboro: thoy, found that .' MoOarthy., bad . beon'' slightly wonnded by a pistoVsb6t,,a wound that was thpugbt of ;no importahopi but from whioli ho diod tho very day that tho thrco years was ' up. .'' ',''' ' ' ' ":'v; . Tho. origin, of ajl these- appeardnoos ond many liko thorn is ; easy to trzeo. ' Thoy go baok,' not to -olaseio, but to thoold:Noreo days when Woden; whom wo call ' Odon, wao given a plaoo among tbo gods,- andFrlggo was mado his 'ooDSort.\:OJin: beoftwo-tho earliest form of tbo hunter, who, with hii. myBtior.ttondantswith horn'andhoiinds,w&s; reported to purflua tho ohano all over northern ' Europe; ; His ooneort in lilio manner bcoame tbo wuito lady who beoamo transformed into a hundred different' 'legends- in wbloh tho motherly, protecting intlucnco of tho divine Friijga is not cntiroly.lost; : \- Thero aro a number of whito ladles; con nected with . various nobis families In Ger many, but probably tho ono that io moat ro markabla and seems to bo tbo most substan tiated is connected with tho royal hoaso of Germany, and is known os tho . WhUo lady of tho HohonzolIerDB," Tho lady in question is said by .all to ;bo onei of tho l ances trcnaca ot tbo family; but whloh ono In not bgrcgd.' « , There Is an abundanco of bvidehco as to her repeated appearances, and no merely .ghost, stary is so woU ftuthontibatbd; ' V: . : Sho Is recorded to havo mado her first ap/ p'earabcoinrlSOS, just beforo tho death ot the- elector; John Geergiv Twenty years later ', sho prognosticated the -.death of John 8lgis- . mtiud. '. : ' In 1320 sho again appeared,- and tar, tho ; first time 8pok?,uUcring those words t " Yon I, judico vivos et mortuos.". A paper of that early day records tho appcaranco/wilh this : itatementr . 'V ' It ia also nndeniablo that in our times, only a few years ago, to a ocitaiu piincoly houco allied to that of Bradenburg, a young priQCO met with a fatal aooidoiit, Aud that o few days blorq hlo dealh tho wb|tv lady ws<i in 1GC9 tho whito lidy was too: in tno - gnllory of. Berlin, beforo tho death of AnnR Bbphlo, diioliosfl- or Brunswick,, and again in : 1067, when sho'forotold tho death of Lousls Honriotte, wifo of Ibo elcotor, Frederick ' William. ' The sabscqucnt appoarance, generally bo- 1 .liovod in by tho Gormana who believe in ghosts at all, was to Frederick I. of Proeeia, tho son of tho elector. Ho was laying on his bed ia a weak, exhausted oondriion, with a valot nilccp on a mattress near by. Suddenly ho heard the hangings divldo and saw a tall white lady with outstretched arms and flow ing hair, Inclining bor faoad toward tho bod, and turning from right to loft as though sbo Bought something nndor tho hangings. At last she discovered tho Iriug, and her stand/ eyes looked at him long in eilence. William raised himself and mado.n movement; her . eyes followed him ; aba was unmoved. At that momont tbo clock on a pier tnble near tho bed rang tho hoar and stopped. Thulndv disappeared. At tbc samo moment a vioUnt ' noiso was board in tbo room adjoining, where were, and cow ore, placed on sideboards, the . plates and dishes used In tbo fetes of tbo- Prussian kiag. Tht-y all fell with a crash to ' tbe floor. . . , Tho v&lot; Atioko . tho king cried in accents . of terror': - "There, tboro I .Bbo went oot. . . thero 1" And with bowildcred look, bis band extanded, ho pointed to tbe door of tho private room Who ?" asked the valet, half asleep. "Tbo whito lady, I tell yon I Go and co wbloh way Bha went." Tbe valotec&rcbed; all over tho palaco, aud found no epcotro. r l saw tho wntto lady, ' said tbo king,. as though speaking .to himself, and covered his faco .with tho bed coverings, Next day be ordered his colfln and mado tho Queon»hb . wife, to Ho in it, in order to aeo if (boeixowss . right. , Ik was hie last ao! ot oruolty, for he - died that night. ' Forty years aftor, his bod, Fredoriok tbs . Great, died at.Saho Boaoi, and ho, too, saw . the whits lady. Tho oiroamstancca again woro remarkable A picturo of tbo wbiti ; lady had beon painted (U re said by bis own hand), whiob ia still in exlstanoc, and Bbowt- . tho superstition whioh was evidontly in hll mind. lYhotbor ho oxpootod to sco her or «ot, sbaoama; . One evening jest at nightfall Frederick was alone, In tho library otandlog boforo i - mnaio stand'wbioh ho used wbon playing tbi flat'o; Tho door opened and tho white lady travoread tho room without lookiog at him. For a momont ho did not know what to do. Then bo followed hor; ho opened tbartaorand followed bor from room to room witbonl reaching her and finally stopped at tbo vestl- bulo. Tbo apparition seemed to tan over tbo sand in tbo oiroular court, seomod to - : hesitate a moment then vaguely bcokoned 'him to oomo, and disappeared. Ho died a. taw days afterward; Tbo Whita Lady of Holtenzollcrn Is also aaid to liaro appeared ui' 1810 beforo tbo death of Frederick William IH: In 18flJ,-pro»iomlo ths death of Frederick' William IV.,- and In tho pro- esntyoar previous to tho death of tbo latqea-. . pcror. . - Tho cohclculon o! tho raatlcr ia tbat Ibo npor- ititlon, be'rn far back in tbo (lava of paganism, has permeaiod Europo nnd attll liaa aouiopoirea, but es -remarked an IrliU atory-tallcr " I don'l . brar tbat tliu lansbocs gn on aoinoch now as they did formerly." Buck toliefa ranst fads out beforo the march of iutolligenca arid knowledge), and jet th&y; aro so full of h peculiar interest that many will regret their loss oven In tho day when no obo will era Jltor accept Utem upon any authority what ever. ; < Titsnn bis ' many woreo tilings than single blessedness, and the comlUiou of the old maid u . no loss liouurablo to Iirr tbon is that of matri mony to her wedded sister. . Ibo old maid may. If oho will, aud alio, generally docs, .bear a nobis- , . .»»» <l.n muvl wnrk ftf muktnff tho WOrlu'a- boltcr' and happier place. TUcro aro probaldy . tow who du not carry with them tbrongh iilo the tender memory o' somo old maid whose lovo and coodiiCBi cheered and blossod tbur early yean.: ilotv ofteu is sbo a ministering angel whoso life Is spputHn acts of unselfish Uorottan , to those ; around her ? Wo ennnot sparo tho old maid. She ' \ has an > Important rule to play iu tbo .hamau oomedy.'and the.thlng for bcr. to do Is to study, it,- . and play it nril- .Tho wpmsn . who. worries 'bo- v/' oanso aba sees old maidenhood beforo her .ia with- ,;>- oat good aenso.. Jjether bo suro.that thero arj .. thbasauds of wiTCSwho.onlywlsh that- they had; led slnglo lives, aiid then sbo moy find it easier to loarn of tho apoitlo iu whateooTer itato iho ls ; therewith to to content; 1 '':. 