WICKED LABY WALSINGRAMJ By the Author of _?? The Last of the ?' ' ?'??' Carnes.' '?-. Chapter IV.. and Last. So day after day went by and saw me ?till at the same uncongenial work, listen ing to the same incoherent lalk, trying to be brave and patient, and not rebellious, yet wondering vaguely — and somewhat recklessly, 1 fear — down in my inmost heart whether it was »ot compromising my own soul to be living thus wittingly with a suspected witch, and doing a sus pected witch's bidding. I was seldom allowed to walk beyond the park; nor, except for one reason, did I care to do so. It was no joke to be jeered at as an unclean spirit— to be pointed at, mouthed at, as a daughter of Astaroth. My only friends were Mr. Carr and his mother, ana them I rarely saw ; for Lady Walsingham bated the notion of my attending the vil lage church, and would always do her best to prevent my going thither, inventing all kind of wicked devices in order to keep me at home with her. However, when 1 could get away to Itie Vicarage, it was like breathing the air of Eden, I used to think rapturously, aftar the darkness anil stuffiness of Walsmg Hall. I had never appealed alone at church since that one . memorable Sunday afternoon ; if I went I called for Mr. Carr's good motherland, under her wing, I knew that I was safe from evil. I know too, now, that Walsing Hall would have seen more. than it did of Mr. Carr, in those days, had it not been for his . unconquerable repugnance to the idea of encountering Doctor Sable.' ^He hated kirn— dislike is not the word — as much, as thoroughly, as I did myself. ' How truly thankful used. I - to be when the day was done, and I could creep up unobserved, unheeded, to the seclusion of ' my own attic rooms, there to dream in undisturbed peace, or write grumbling letters to a schoolfellow! If I wanted supper, Mrs. Jakes used to bring it up to -. me — protesting loudly, however, at my ?' finiky ways' — for,' to ' tell /the' truth, nothing would have induced me to descend these old stairs after nightfall, for fear of encountering Doctor Sable in the dark. Frequently did I go to bed hungry and supperless' when Mrs. Jakes's ill-humour was keener than usual. 'Is lie here to-night, Mts. Jakes ?' I often said to the housekeeper, as she put down the tray nown on my small dress ing-room table. She never . failed, to understand me. ? ?'.?'-'.??''??''?'?? ' Here again ?' she would answer, with a grunt. ' Why, you may take your oath \- o' that o' course I Tlie place stinks on 'im, I tell yer. Outside, in this 'ere pas sage, there's enough brimstone to choke .the' whole kit of us. They be a-mutterin' an' a-burnin' an' a-cussin' an' a-swearin' at each other, for aught 1 know, down in that room o' theirs, like— like saints alive, oh !' said Mrs. Jakes, somewhat at a loss for a 'forcible ; comparison, invariably winding up with, ?? There— Heaven only knows what'll become of us , all— for I don't. 'I just hopes'.! Providence' '11 'take care o' me and Jakes, and t'other folks must look to themselves 1' Sometimes I have lain awake in the dense, drear blackness of the windy night —nights that seemed made expressly for for witches and broom-straddling — and have listened to such unearthly sounds and stealthy footfalls creaking through the deserted corridors and locked-up cham bers of Walsing Hall that my poor heart has scarcely beat in its chill agony of fear and doubt, and cold sweat has bathed me from head to foot. Then ghastly legends , of haunted bouses, long-forgotten tales of blood and murder, horrible stories of walking ghosts seeking the rest they could never find, would crowd thick and fast to my weirdly-active memory as I lay and listened to the voices in the win J, and waited for those other sounds which had no name— which same only when the shrieking wind was lulled. Oh, how earnestly I used to pray for protection at such times, and for the blessed, blessed dawn that was always eo long in coming ! At last this unnatural kind of life, which was slowly yet surely wearing me out, drew to an ead — at last peace unutterable was suddenly awarded me as a crown for my much-tried endurance. One evening early in November — I can recall it as if it were but yesterday — a boisterous evening which had followed a stormy sunset, under the lurid banks of clouds and gleams of dying light of which .the mists on the fens had taken a blood i red tinge — Lady Walsingham was show ing herself stranger than usual. She was restless, too, and kept pacing un wearicdly the wainscoted room Me were v 'sitting in. I can see' her now, as she looked that night, dressed in her usual black trailing gown, with the fine white cambric at her neck and wrists, and the high mob-cap upon her snow- white hair. How truly black and terrible seemed her dark eyes in the firelight, how yellow her 1 shrivelled waxen skin ? She looked like Lady Macbeth grown, old, still brooding on ^hesips of the haunting past. To and fro she' went with a noiseless tread, some times in the light and sometimes in tlie . shadow, heeding me not as I couched by 'Vjthe great oaken mantel, intent upon things of , gloom and thoughts far beyond my phUqsophy. ^ .y/,,, ;-^: ,[;yp^y ;;,v . .. (7V be ecntinmd.) ' 