ST. PATRICK'S" CATHEDRAL, BALLARAT. THE CONSECRATION CEREMONY. BALLARAT, Sunday. The ceremony in connection with the ccnsc oration of St. Patrick's Cathedral was performed to-day aud proved a brilliant affair. Long be fore the time appoiuted for the opening of the edifice thousands of persons had assembled in the grounds, and when tho prelates arrived there was a rush to secure sitting accommoda- tion within the spaoious building. Wheu ponti fical high mass commenced tho cathedral was crowded in every part, and large numbers of persons were refused admission owing to want of space. St. Patrick's Cathedral is the first church of the kind to bo couseorated in Aus tralasia. Very fow are aware of the fact that the actual consecration of the cathedral took place quietly onThursday, the officiating prelate beingDr. Cor- bebt, Bishop of Sale, who wus assisted by several diguitaries. Tho fuuetion lasted for fivo hours, and was of an impressive character. In refer ence to the ceremony of consecration the carious of the church enjoin that there shall be u fixed atone altar in the church to be couseci-ated, and that the church itself shall be wholly free of debt. Ah a reasou for this proviso it is stated that churches are consecrated to be a perpetual centre of daily worship for the congregations assigned to them. The church is opposed to attaching the seal of consecration to anything, or to any edifice, which might in the future revert to profaue uses. The cathedral of Ballarat is, of course, how free uf debt, its total cost beiug about £40,000. A value of £10,000 has beeu placed ou the ground and surrouudlngs. The new high altar, which has just been erected, was made to order iu Koine by Signor Leonardi, and cost £1300. It is composed of Carrara marble, is of Gothio design, and is elaborately ornamented. The cathedral, which has been brought to its pre sent stage in three contracts, has been con structed from plans exeouted by Hansom, of London, and originally prepared for St. Patrick's, Melbourne. The new central window, near the high altar, is from the establishment of Messrs. Clayton und Bell, London, and was presented to tho ciiurch by Miss Carpenter, of Melbourne. ' It is of Gothic design, and cost £500. For its pictorial subject it has the sacri fice on Calvary. In each of the side chapels there are also beautiful costly windows, illus trated by Biblical subjects. The new tiles just laid down in tho chancel were purchased at a cost of £400 in Austria by Btsbop Moore. They are representative of thefour symbolical figures of the evangelists, and add additional effect to tho protty appearance of the ohanceL Arrange ments havo beon made for the delivery of two now marble altars for the side chapels. Mass was first celebrated In Ballarat by Dr. Dunne, now of the Coulburn, in the very early fifties. Tbo ehurch in these days consisted of a tent 30 x 15, and stood on a hill near the Gong Gong-road. In 1874 St. Alipius'a Churoh on the Melbourne- road was opened by Bishop Goold, who had previously laid the fouudatiou stone of tho building. Dr. Goold laid the foundation stone of the cathedral on the 7th February, 1858, and the edifice was qpened in 1869, the debt not ainbunting to more than £1800. The building committee were ub follow : — Rev. A'ntncK Manuen, Mossra. w. (JoUard Smith, M.L.A., M. J. Cummins, Richard "Wrlgley, A. J. Forbes, John Cummins, J. Tappin, John Koane, J. Daly, J. J. Grnber, R. Belford, D. Keys, IV. M. Brown, and 31. C. Carey, secre tary. Building operations were completed under the supervision of Dean (now Bishop) Moore, who had the carrying out of the more important and more costly portion of the work. To com plete the plans of the building a spire and tower will have to be constructed, aud it is more than probable that ere long contracts will be called for these necessary additions to the most pre tentious looking ecclesiastical structure in the goldflelds city. First celebrating mass in a rude canvas tent the Roman Catholic body now possess in Bal larat alone property valued at £180,000, as fol lows : — St. Patrick's cathedral and grounds, £50,000 j convent and grounds, Lake "Wendou- rcc, £30,000 ; Lorctto day school, Dawson- street, £7000; Nazareth House, £15,000 ; Re- demptorist monastery, £12,000; bishop's palace, £12,000 ; Holy Ghost college, £9000 ; St. Alipius oliurch and grounds, Ballarat East, £16,000 ; Ballarat East convent and grounds, £7000; Christian Brothers' schools, Ac., £15,000; and miscellaneous property, £7000. Tho elaborate decorations just completed in the cathodml were oxecuted by Mr. Mouncey, of Melbourne, whoso tender amounted to £500. The extras will bring the total up to about £900. Dr. Moore -is the second R.C. Bishop of Ballarat, and was oonsecrated in his cathedral on the 27th April, 1884. The first bishop wns Dr. O'Connor, now deceased, and whoso remains are interred within the cathedral walls. The latter prelate was consecrated in Rome, in 1874. Tho Catholic population of the Ballarat diocese is estimated at about 38,000. There are 42 secular priests in the diocese, and 12 regulars. Bishop Moore hns ecclesiastical jurisdiction over a wide area, extending from Cape Otway on the south, to Mildura on tho north, to Mount Gambior on the west, to Maryborough on the east. The vicars-gonoral are Monaignors Hoyue and O'Dowd. The assemblage of prelates at the ceremony to-day wus tho lurgest over witnessed in this quarter of the world. Among tho numbor were Cardinal Moran, with Dr. O'Haran (his private secretary), Archbishops Carr (Molbourne), Rey nolds (Adelaide), Murphy (Hobart), Dunue (Brisbane) und Redwood ( w elliugton) ; Bishops Moore (uaiiarat), cornett (bale), xveviiie (band- hurst), O'Reilly (Port Augusta), Dunne ("Wii- cannia), Toncgina (Armid&lo;), Moran (Dune- din), Biggins (Sydney) and Murray (Mait- land. The absentees were the Bishops of Grafton and Goulburn, who me visiting Europe. There were over 30 prieats in attendance, including Father C&bill;, S.J., of Melliourne. A strong choir, under the leadership of Mr. "NVrigley, sang, with nrohestral accom paniment, Hummeli's grand mass in E flat. Mubic for the string parts had been specially written by ordor of Dr. Moore. Tho soprano portion of tho mass was taken by Mrs. Palmer, of Melbourne, and Madame Christian took the alto. Signor Buzzi sustained the baritoue parts, and the tenor solos were rendered by Mr. J. W. Barton, of Ballarat Tho singing of the mass was a great success, and was one of the principal features of the imposing proceedings. Tho sermon wos preached by Cardinal Moran, who took as his toxt Ephesians, 4th chapter, 4th to 6th verses. The nddress of his Eminence lasted for three-quarters of an hour, and dealt mainly with the important ceremony of conse cration. In tho afternoon Bishop Moore enter tained about 200 gentlemen at dinner at the Holy Ghost College. Among the company were Mr. J. G. Duffy, Postmaster-General ; Mr. Outhbert and Mr. Fitzgerald, M.LXVs; Mr. Madden and Mr. Murphy, M.LA'h ; and Protestant denominations were well repre- le A number of appropriate toasts sented. and honored, including those of were propose Miarnt and the Visiting Digni- the i Bishop of jj. - this evening tho pulnit was taHeS. At VPunor. nialtAii nf Wpllmirfnii filled by Dr. Redwood, of an appropriate who also delivered a sormo. -es will remain in oharacter. The visiting prelu. ' cardinal, the Ballarat during the week. The "art in the bishops and archbishops will take of the ceremony of laying the foundation stoiu iug »cw redemptorist monastery which is rKL ««on 'k® Burrumbeet-road at a coat o. £15,000. 