CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. The Rev. J. Nicholson, president of the Wes-<*> ley an Conference, preacbed on Sunday morn-<*> ing in the Pirio streat Church the official section in connection with the Conference now is eeniesv. Tbe text choaeo was from Numbers xL, «erre ?—" Would God that all the Lwd'a people were prophets and tbat tbe Lord would pot Bis- spirit warn them.'' Mr. Nicholson said they Vad brew, recently considering tbe growth ot Methodism and the reaMO* tor iU race:**. It w*s a aarprise to many tbat a movement whiah a hundred years ago had only IIO.rCO * members now numbered asout ' 6.W0.M0 members and 90.090,000 adherent*. ' Dr. ft. W. Dale, in bit rnprsssissM ot Aus tralia, bad geaanmsry spoken ot the "augai fieeat vigor" of tbe Aoatsalian Mttuodist Cbucbes, and said there was •'something in tbe onunwation, theereed, andtbecnaraoteristjc apitit ct Methodism that made it a great re ligions ferae in a Brittth mieny," Auopg tbe many things tbat saade tbem prasps*oa« migkt be nosntiseted their •eriptaral doe triner, their erpwrimental and extompoce : preaching, tbaitouwfeUowthip whichg?veinoh , ovenigbt to the members, their eompaat and . yet elastic organisation which gave Una con ' tact with varied phases of social Ufa, tbsir free ; use a Uf aganeM, and the liberty allowed to members to exereue tbe gilt ot teatiminy for ' the central good unrettewted by ucetlotsl ■ cettruUoas. These wui comWnaa with a real : belief in He gif t of tbn Holy Ghost to indi vidual behwtccs M a privMege of tbe eVareta '• Th*;text Unsht that the miflittry of th; cbmeb tbrowh its "^*"t~~, onder the im- < pulte of tbe Spirit, waa a real thing, ?nd ta a . recognition a* the place and power of the hearer i j in aebnroh nfethodismewed muabofitssoaeess. ; He hoped to Uve to aae tbe day when m sell 9 I MeUwditt woald be m nraib a ooatradittion of tersca as a sober drunkard or an honest thief. He would that all tbe Lord's people were prophets. This gift of prophecy did no; mcM ptedietion oi fatats events, bat daoltr ! ing the truths of aalvatiaD a« the raaait of a ■ penanai exverk ccc of them. TAay reoagaued , tbe K*w Testame?t ideal of a nantor m oae ! bavins; the free tight to use the fanctiona of bis rffice and to receive tbe respect doe to tbat ■ tf£?, yetths?fHdnot ekim to be •asrifidne priests aad ir«rW«tw t witb power to convoy or withhold met. They wen ambassador* for God, and like Moses were glad to «n -cturace all to labor who prophesied under the iifloenee ot tbe free spirit given to tbe children of God. This was in aoaordaooe with tbe esmMob «f tbe early otraroh, ;wben the rrcmtMn, thengfa agnuered by perseeatton, went evwywhere Bseaabiag tbe Wocd, and members were added to tbe ehnrsb daily. The Christian endeavor -movencent, which they were adapting to their own modas ot working was a rMxrnttien of the privilege of members being woikers. They had gibs diifsnng according to the gcaoa given, aad it was the doty of each to work lor the extension of the Sedcemet'* kingdom. In tbat way only eoald they reach Qod's ideal of a Christian Cborch. An «pen-air service in connection witb the Wetbyan Mstbadist OJmroh was held at tbe BrtundftnSnndsw afternoon. Abugeasa- , eouiM*f neonto assemtled on tbe sonsandiag lawn, and the proceedings thnmghoot were characterised by muct earnestness. Tbe Rev. , A. fttnbte, Mm«s. T. Hack, Mr?.,and J. JUConra «aM addrsases. while tbe Eevs. &. E Bown, T. A Anrwin, Messrs. Jarvis aad Crasa slso tack part in tbe ssrrici. Mr. F. J. ; paih Mtcd as leader of music And singing, ' efficient aid bete* given by the Aicher street Ve«ki*a et?hswtra. t TS? eaatvecsary of the Park -sfeeet Christian I fcf ? *y •«=*?•?? a*" .«* Sanday, March 1. Tss inisnism afiS «vemas; sccvmbs were cm d«c«wJwyM?«. J. CSamm ««d J. 0. Dickssa bef«so iasse aartieno?s, 5^- the | cbildsea under the leadership ot Mr. Wo. * Gstnrio tana; seltetions in Rood styto. Oa Thnrafltt miming. March 6, well attended teass«dr*wJtom«etia«s «ere held. Mr. J. O. DicbsM prcsading. At tbe dote about 70 prirea were dltrlbntod. Miss Carrie OatmpbeU Md Itesn, Maslin and Wm. OampbeU carry ing eff tbe supeftnfdent's spedal prizes. Toe 1 secretary's report snowed an inmate of 66 I scholars far the year, soaking the present total of SSI. Tbe beaneb tabori bM 63 u«ol*r?. onder tbe sUFStmtesMJe?cy of Mr. F. St. Clair Willoughby. The financial report ibowb that £81 18a. bad been eoUected daring tba year, of which £23 had been sent to tbe Inditn miistet). O« to tbe pionfc cotuHttee. and Si I spent wpsisss. The list of ttaHons as aotaorised last week I by tba EibU Cbrutun Conkrevoij of Victoria I is:—F. Loskwooa irrnide?t ot the Coufe- i rencc), Baodbant; W. B. Husken, Fitzroy; 3\. Teague, Otrttsn: R. Down. EAue?; W. Bicka, Nfcuit B. Warren. Hotham; S. P. Webber, Auburn; 3. Wilson, D?ylesford; W. Bettiss, Fi'zroy ; A, Uglow, footsccay; W. B. Evans. NbUl; J. Vaaesaan, Nomuukah; K. Oats, Bs?Orei W. B.fiecomb? BaUarat; K. E. CMddack. Colac; A. INtterieb, Mount Moriac; J.Tnloac,Olnnes; H. x*oo,Oampec down; E, Yso. Bocbetter; J. Cbenball, Castlrmaine; H. PaUinton, Tanae J H. Mass*. CraMnek; W. T. Abbott, 8b Amaad; A O. Plane, ; W. Clemens, Horsbaso: R B. Hubnta, NosadJoha; A. BegaM, Bartarat; B. Cley. ToagaaKh: A. Hicks. SasHUM?rst; H. M. O. fawler Warn boota, NaW.i a Fowl**. Namark«h| A. McKay, Wairaskaabeal; H. 0. TcabUeoek, CamseoUwn} J. T. Saabs), ttastwa; K. Osbaswa, A«ost Vole; J. ftonkia, Tcniak; A, MitebtU, gershewi; T. J. TboaaM, Oobona; W, O. Letter.Psaban; A Cock Gutlamaiae; F. Hart. Otdtaa; B. 4*S*w, WacrsskSMfeeal: K. P. UeHalien, Qatar* Gernng; G Foa-lac. Ysnnt; W. aMfcwood, ebaimusi of the fUnd bant nsttarfet; O. nTetherwa*, «bairssaa of Us Melbonme district; J. Wdson, ahaiMM o' ' tke BsJlant dlstris*: tt Ye., ebairmanef Urn Wertnn tUstriati W. H. Xvaas, r'-inrtn o ' tL esntSffiSi B- Ds----tai'--0 