TURF TOPICS AND ANTICIPATIONS. HY ASMODEDS. ...... Exceptionally favorablo wore tho conditions under which the autumn campaign was ushered in at Flemington last Saturday, tho result being a signal success all along the line. It is question able whether a more ausnioious St. Lecer anni- versary has ever been celebrated under the flag of theV.R.O., and although Victorians bad to put up with fire humiliating defeats at tho hands of our Now South Wales invaders, .the racing- was none the less eiijoyablo. on ' that account. The separate victories; acbiavcd' by our whilom rivals aoross the Murray formed the salient features of tho opening day's sport, and although The Admiral mado a heroio struggle against Gibraltar in the St. Leger, the Viotorian representatives were .easily vanquished in tho remaining four races won by New South Wales horses. . Albemarle led off. by making a success ful dfibfit in the Hopeful Stakes, while Bel Giorno and Aster also succeeded la faithfully securing tho exact positions I assigned them in tho wako of the Chester colt. When drawing attention to Albemarle last week I re marked that, in addition to' being a great galloper, ho impressed mo as possessing stamina, and the gamo style in wbioh ho drew away from his Sold boro amplo testimony on this point. Although not built on tho snmo com prehensive lines as his stable companion and relative, Stromboli, he is a nicely made colt, and all going well, with Albemarle it would not surprise me to see him prove himself Tom Fayten's Derby hope for next season. One could not help admiring the determined stylo in which Bel Giorno struggled in pursuit of the winner, and it is gratifying to know, that Mr. W. E. Dakin has at last got hold of a promising animal in the unsexed son of Sunriso and Antelope. At the distanoe Aster momentarily looked like making things a bit unsettled for Albemarle, but he curled up instantly the pinch came, and failed to persevero in a style commonly characteristic of the Newminstors. On no previous occasion bos the St. Leger furnished such a close and exciting finish as that which resulted between Gibraltar and The Admiral. It was a veritable battle royal, tbo pair beingeo closoly looked together on passingthepost that tbo vcrdiot remained in doubt until Mr. Dakin declared in favor of tho .Grandmaster colt by half a head. Although' Norbert was told off to cut out tho running in tho interest of Correzo tho pace was by no means good during the first mile, and it was not until the field ewept into the straight that matters became interesting. On Norbert retiring Correze made an effort to take his place, but Ellis unexpec tedly found his mount in trouble, and on approaching tho distance tho favorite was going so well at the head of affairs that Tho Admiral's victory was loudly proolaimed from all parts of the course ; but presently Gibraltar was scoa to draw away from Enuo, who had been bi near oompanion all up tho straight, and throw out a determined ohallenge to tho 'leader, whereupon excitement waxed intense. Fully cognisant of Gibraltar's generosity under punishmout, Ncr- riker act to work with fiendish determination, and by dint of untiring application of whip and spur and vigorous all round riding, he suc ceeded in getting up in tho very last stride and winning by about tho length of a men's hand. It woe indeed a great finish, whilo the bulldog tonnolousncss with which Gibraltar fairly pulled the verdict out of tho fire was something to bo admirod as well as romcmbered. Had .Hales remained content to wait alongside Gibraltar to within 50 yards from tho post, instead of forcing the paco, it is just possiblo The Admiral's extra briUionoy might have succeeded in adding tho St. Lcger to his winning repertoire, but in giving expression to this opinion I have no dosiro to infer that fault is to bo found with tho crack jockoy for his handling of the favorite. It is to Gibraltar s extraordinary courage under extreme punishment rather than to any defective horse manship on the part of Tho Admiral's rider that tho latter suffered defeat ; still, with the benefit of Saturday's experience, were the St. Leger to be run over again it is just possible that Hales would succeed in turning the tables on his opponent Gibraltar is as game a colt as evor ran at Flemington, and bis capacity for receiv ing punishment equals that of Robinson Crusoe, used to respond so generously to the flagellations of the late Joe Morrison. The fact of odds of 7 and 8 to 1 being obtainablo about Gibraltar was strong evidence of the forlorn chance he was thought to possess, and I doubt whether anybody was more surprised at the result than his trainer, Alsopp, who shared in the pre vailing opinion that the colt was on the big Bide. Tho race clearly proved the huge sou of Grandmaster to be much clearer in wind than his bulky exterior suggested, and as his owner is a sportsman of the right order the victory was on all hands well received. Gibraltar is oniy one of several good horses thrown by -the im ported Blinkhoolio mare, Algeria, iii addition to blending harmoniously with Grandmaster, as demonstrated throngh Gibraltar, Algeria's alli ances with both Goldsbrough and Hawthornden were similarly happy, Algerian and Albina claiming the paternity of tho former and Angle sey and Queensbetry of the last named. Al though The Admiral was defeated he was for from dishonored, and Mr. Cook is to be com plimented on the fine trim in which he turned out the Derby-winner, who was perhaps a trifle lighter than when he ran at Flemington in the spring,- though evidently nothing the worse for being s<x Enuo caused some surprise by finish ing in. front of Correze, who carried consider ably less flesh than when ho won the V.R.O. Handicap, and whose overtrained appear ance may consequently explain his inability to repeat h'is former superiority over Enuc. I was in no way. surprised at Gatling's inferior run ning, but I expected bottsr things from King 'William, who was beaten early in the race. This colt must be clean out of form, for he is surely capable of better things after his meri torious performances against Megaphone in tho spring.-- Gibraltar, made bis first public appearanoe as a 2-year-old in the: Maiden Stakes at Randwick, and in; both that: and tho Second' Nursery Handicap. ran unplaced. Being a big growing colt, these were his only performances at 2 years old, and it must bo allowed that they were by no means- suggestive of his since displayed ex cellence. ' ilpithe early spring of last year he re appeared . avitli marked success, winning tile A.J.O. Derby and tho Second Foal Stakes (after a dead heat with Gatling). While under going a preparation for tho Y.R.O. spring meeting he bruised one of his feet at Fleming- ton, and had to be withdrawn from hie en gagements, -his next public appearanco being on the occasion of his meritorious win last Satur day. The broak down in the Australian Oup of so good n colt is greatly to be regretted. Although I have been a privileged spectator of everyone of the 18 Newmarket Handicaps run for at Flemington, I never remember seeing the sprinting honors won bo easily as they were by Bungebah«.i<It;was probably the most one sided exhibition ever seen on a racecourse, the issue never being once in doubt from the dip of the flag to the time the winner cantered past the post pulling up,.. A greater certainly was never known in conneotion with horee racing, and thatthe Roynor party were iperfectly aware of tho choico.luxury thoy had on hand was forcibly demonstrated .by the final acceptance of the un- precedently short price of 5 to 2 in a field of 35 runners., ' In plumping for Bungebah, who was my first pick instantly the weights appeared, I ventured' the opinion that under favorable conditions , of) -atmosphere, wind and ground he would - break 1 min. 14 see. if required, . and . the result showed the winnor to bo ; thoroughly capable of breaking therecord as signified. W ithout being theleastbit pressed and with a gale of wind right in his teeth, his time has only been beaten thrice pre viously in tho Newmarket Handicap, and had the race been run with the wind reversed he would probably'have set up a record which would have held its place for years to .come. Bungebah is a veritable gniloping phe nomenon, whose superior in point of pace we have probably nover seen perform over the straight six furlongs at Flemington. Even Carbine in all his glory would, I think, have to play second .fiddle to tho flying gelding over three quarters of a mile. A match between the pah would cause intense excitement, and mighty as are the champion's performances over all die- tanoesBungebah would not be wantingsupporters. To revert to last' Saturday's wild goose chose, it was the easiest race that ever fell to tho lot of the ocoupants of tho press box at Fleming- ton to describe. From the fall of the flag it was a ease of Bungebah first and the rest no where. Favored with the position next the in side rails, ho was always prominent in the breaks away which preceded the aotuol start, and when Mr. Watson finally, gave the signal his straw and blue livery were plainly discernible in the lead. For 150 yards Bendigo was his nearest attondant, and on the iattor cracking up Prattler went on in pursuit of the flying ohestnut, at whom Gains- ford took a pull on nenring the training ground orossings, thorcby enabling Mr. Whittingham's horse to get up to his girths. Prattler, however, had to be vigorously ridden in order to enjoy the privilege of being in such close company with the favorite, who gradually cleared right away from his fiold without any apparent effort, and established a lead of at least six lengths at the end of half a mile. The race was palpably over and as Gainsford eased his mount on npproach- ing the winning post bo virtually "walked" in tbrce lengths in advance of Matador, who oleverly defeated Dcerswood and Frattlor in tho struggle for places. Bungebah simply made haoks of tho entire field, and by carrying 9 st. 3 lb. to victory ho has accomplished the host per formance ever recorded in connection with tho Newmarket Handicap. Both the stablo and tho publio are large winners by tho victory. Although somewhat plain about the head and neck, 'Bungebah is a nico cut of a horse, of a decidedly workmanlike appearance. He has very muscular and weil formed shoulders, a good roomy barrel and massive quarters, indi cative of great propelling power. It need scarcely bementioned thatRaynorhadhim intbe pink of condition, and met a reward by winning a good stake, all of which he stood to nothing. Bungebah was bred by Mr. EL C. White (brother to tho late Mr. Jamos White), after ono of-yrhoso stations he is named. Bunge- bah's dam, Aveline, nover threw anything pos sessed of much galloping ability until she was mated with Grandmaster, and produced the pre sent Newmarket winner : and it reflects some what adversely on the "saturation" theory ad vanced by certain breeding students, to know that Aveline gave birth to a foal to a trotter prior to throwing Bungebah, The now illustrious gelding was originally sold by Mr. White for £250, to Messrs. H. Raynor and Tom Payton, wbo in turn disposed of the son of Grandmaster to hi3 present owner for double that amount. As Bungebah is made uncommonly like a stayer it is by no means improbable that he will extend his victorious career to greater distances than the one over which he gained his recent laurels. Matador showed a dash of his 2-year- <fid form by rupning into second place, but neither he nor the other placed horse, Dsers- wood, had the ghost of a chance with tho winner, and they consequently exposed their hands to no purpose. After the exeitement.. attendant on Bunge- bah's runaway victory had cooled down, Strom boli was strongly fancied for the Ascot Yale Stakes, and as he was understood to be superior to Albemarle baokers played up their winnings spiritedly on Sir. Clark's colt, Sadim being the only other candidate that was supported with any degree of confidence. It was with no small surprise that Penance was observed to be carrying his penalty well in front, and a3 ho had everything at the whip within tho distance his unexpected victory was easily accomplished. It was a splendid performance on tho part of Pcnanco to eonccdo a stone and a hollow beating to the exceptionally good field opposed to him, and Lord Hopotoun has yet to beat the son of Grand Flaneur before he can lay claim to be considered the ohnmpion 2-ycar- old of the season. Both are engaged in tho AU Aged Stakes to he run on Saturday, as also are Carbine and Megaphone. It would only requiro the icolusion of Bungebah to make complete this prospective meeting of the giants. Tho Sydney trainer, J. Mouaghan, did not mako a bad selection when lie secured Pcnanco for 270 guineas at last year's Hobartvillo sale. The winner of the Ascol; Valo Stakes is a beauti fully shaped colt, nico and low in front, a splen did middlepiece and finely moulded back, and quarters. His temper is not of the sweetest, but he has improved iu this respeot since his sojourn at Flemington, both tho. hood and winkers, together with the stoekwhip, being dispensed with during the last week of bis pre paration for his opening victory at headquar ters. Penance is a rich' bay in color, and a per fect mover. He -is heavily nominated, his engagements including the next V.R.O. Derby and St. Leger. Penance's dam, Penitent, was imported by Mr.. Archibald Yuillo, who gave 100 guineas for her in England and afterwards sold her for the same figure. The .only interest centred - in the Essen- don Stakes rested in the uncertainty as to whether Mr. D. S. Wallace's pair, Car bine and Megaphone, would succeed in distancing their solitary opponent, Granite, and thus deprive the lost named of third money. The pace was rather lively for Granite, still ho succeeded in getting well: within the dis tance as the -two associates passed the winning post about a length apart. The Spot was all the rage for the concluding event, the Brunswick Stakes, bat a good measure of sup. port was also forthcoming for Highborn, who gainedan easy victory over tho twoplaoed horses, lYilga and Haviiah, thus causing speoial atten tion to. be direoted to his Australian Cup ehanee. By thus filling nil three situations tho New South Wales' contingent forcibly emphasised the important triumphs they aohieved earlier in the day. Favorable as wore tho conditions which pre vailed on the opening occasion, the attendant circumstances were, if anything, of- a more -agreeable nature oh Tuesday, when everything tended to contribute to a brilliant occupation of the classical convincing ground. The weather was simply perfect, the attendance one of the largest ever known to patronise Flemington on tho occasion of an Australian Cup anniversary and the sport ail round of a highly entertaining character, the only weak item in the programme, being the Sires' Produce Stakes, wherein tho crack 2-year-old, Lord Hopotoun, reduced the field to two rivals in the stablo companions, Stromboli and Piecrust. The business of the day commenced with the Maiden Stakes, for which seven of tho 17 animals colored on the cared faced the flag, favoritism resting with Norbert. Choice and Bar- rum were indulged with the lead for tho better 'part of a mile, during which the pace was com paratively . slow, tho timo being 1 min. 48 sec. Apprbaohing the two furlongs post Gatling assumed command, and looked all over a winner till challenged by Norbert and Goldreef, when the Nordenfeldt colt curled up like a worm. Goldreef, .who was absolutely the last horse to outer' the straight, threaded his field with re markable ease, and on collaring Gatling ho experienced no difficulty in Btalling off a con cluding ohallenge on the part of Norbert, who was beaten by a length. Tho winner is a good looking ohestnut colt by Goldsbrough from Chrysophrase, bred by Mr. John Bales, of tho famous Duokenfiold Btnd, New; South Wales. Mr. J. B. Clark, his present owner, bought Goldreef from Mr. John Crozier for 250 guineas, which was 40 guineas more than tho late proprietor of St. Albans gave for tho colt at the solo of tbo racing stud of the late Mr. Joseph Morrison, who gave 145 guineas for Goldreef as a yearling. Goldreef was trained by James Scobie at Dowling Forest, and that tho colt had been highly tried was exemplified by the fact of the stable backing him to win a large stake in the Newmarket Handicap. Lord Hooetoun was, of course, tho popular fancy for3 tho Sires' Produce Stakes, and although the ring -stood out for 2 to 1 at the commencement of pencilling operations, odds of 3 to..2_wqre 'readily accepted at the finish, while 7 to 4 was offered against Piecrust and 6 to 1 cosily obtainable about Stromboli. The favorite was quickest on bis legs, but before going a furlong he was headed by Stromboli, , who was never afterwards approached, winning leisurely by throe lengths from Lord Hopetoun, who only defeated Piecrust by a head for second monoy. The result was a rare throw in for tho . Holders. This can scarcely be accepted as Lord Hopetoun's true form, and his running . adds further to the suspicion raised some time ogo that he had developed a leg, which circum- stanco probably interfered with his preparation. At the opening of the betting for the Hurdle . Race thcro was very little to choose between Sam and Kneecap, 2 to 1 being accepted about each, but tho backers of tbo former predomi nated before books were closed, and he started a pronounced favorite. The main features of - the early part of the contest were the strong - desiro to cut out the running on the. part of Liberty and tho equally stubborn disinclination to go the pace on tho part of Kneeca'p, or rather his rider, who elected to hang right back from his field, never making any attempt to recover his ground until over a mile had been traversed. He then deorcascd the gap a bit, but on clearing out of tho straight he again fell back in the extreme rear, oniy to -onco more close on his horses after passing the sheds. Here M'llroy took up Kneecap into a good position, but allowing Eyry to pass him, tho lastnqmed shot ahead of tho . field, and on rounding the-, turn for homo he hold a clear lead of Sam and Eilorsiie, both of which were fast tiring. Two furlongs from homo Kneecap set sail after Eyry, and got within a couple of lengths of the leader at tho last flight of hurdles, where he over jumped himself and fell on landing, thereby allowing Eyry to canter home half a dozen lengths in advance of Sam, who was similarly separated from tho veteran Ellerslic. But for .being so badly ridden during the first part of the journey and bustled so injudioiously at the finish Knee- oap must havo won, and. the viotory .was there fore a somewhat lucky one for Eyry, whose form, however, was a1 vast improvement on his preceding displays in publia. The Admiral was the only withdrawal of noto from tho Australian Cup, tho candidates for which numbered 14, or three moro than con- tested last year's race. On the precceding evening doubts were entertained with respect to; the starting of Highborn, but thero was no mistaking the strong partiality evinced for him in the paddook, and to the last ho hotly con tested the favoriteship with Megaphone, next to wbioh pair thore was very littlo to ohoose between Enuo, Vengeance and Grey- gown, all of wbioh were supported for big money. The race from beginning to end was one of the finest evor witnessed in conneotion with tho Australian Cup ' Portland was responsiblo for delaying the start, and, not to bo denied, he quiokiy shot to the front on the signal being given, putting several lengths of daylight between himself, Tantallon and Crown Jewel before the turn into the straight.was reached. On passing tho judge's box Crown Jewel ran up lovel with Portland, and they , carried on tho running at a great paco - : along tho river side, where Tantallon joined Portland, tho. pair sharing the lead to tho six furlongs post, whoro Portland cried pcccavi, leaving Tantallon, attended by Von- geance, to continue tho running as far as the quarter mile post, where tho first named retired beaten. Vengeance thereupon assumed com mand of tho. field and led into tho straight with a clear lead of Highborn, : who was at tho head of a closely packed lot composed of Correze, Greygown, Chintz, Tantallon, Lottie and Jebusite. Racing up tho straight Vengeance and - Highborn drew right away from the main body, and engaged in a deadly duel for the rest of the journey. Every inch of grouod was stubbornly contested, and although Vengeance ran with unflinching game- noss ho bore on to Highborn in the same manner as he did towards Loyal Stone in the Caulfield Cup. M'Gowan had to bring the whip over to tho off shoulder in order to straighten him, and squeezing every ounce out of his mount he sue. ceodcd in landing Vengeance a winner by some thing better than a head. It was a great finish, and a fine performance on the part of Highborn to ooncedo the Caulfield Cup winner 71b., and run him so closely. But for the penalty in- onrrod viotory would havo rested with Highborn, who must be deemed an uuluoky horse in running second for two suoh important events as the Melbourne and Australian Cups. Vengeance's chance was greatly fancied by Alec. Taylor, and the horse was baoked to win a large stake by Mr. A. R. Blackwood and other followers of the Windermere stable. Megaphono ran better than I expected he would, bat Greygown performed badly, and his indifferent running is attributed to tho want of a similar searching preparation as oarried him through tho Hotham and Bagot Handicaps. Tantallon, Corrozo and Chintz ran prominently to tho home turn, nnd Lottio surprised a number of people by tho position sho occupied in close attendance on tho leaders. Enuc proved ono of tho disappointments of tho race, neither did Crown Jowel carry his light weight so pro minently as his moro ardent admirers antici pated. Jobnsite failed to ran so well as ho did in tho same raco last year, and Escutcheon and Portland were of course out of thoir element. '' Tho contest was not fought out without a rogrettablo incident in the breakdown of ' Gibraltar, whoso suspensory ligament of the oflf ' fore leg gave way seven furlongs from home, nnd it Was with difficulty that tho St. Leger winner hobbled home to his box nt Lang's Melbourne Cup Hotel. It is extremely doubtful whether Gibraitar'will again be seen on a racecourse but-' 1 as -ho Is a horse of rare size, good breeding, and a proved galloper, his services at the stud promise to be of great value. The easy stylo in ' , whioh Bel Giorno silenced the formidable field; ; opposed to him in tho Junior Handicap, proves ' him to bo considerably above' theV uv'eragej";'! nnd it remained with Gladstone to wind up an ;' icollont day's sport by pulling off tlio Bourk® Handioap, aftor a great raco with the Harbor Light, who only lost tho verdict by a head Thcfrieuda of Matador made a strong demon stration in tho paddock, but tho Nowmarkot Handioap runnor up never showed up at any part of the race, and a much better performance was that of Decrswood, who struggled gamely gainst Gladstone and the Harbor Light all up the straight. ' . ' Market influences and training ground ex ploits brought Btingebah a strong army of elevonth hour admirers, but no similar conside rations prevailed at tho time I selected the Newmarket Handicap winner from amongst the lit original candidates, instantly the weights appeared ; hence I can olaim whatever credit may be attachod to being first in the field with the winner of tho great six furlongs event. I was equally happy iu selecting Deerswood as the pick of tho 3 year old division. The intense heat which prevailed on Thursday somewhat marred the full enjoyment of tho third day's racing at Flemington, but this oir- eumstance exercised no prejudicial influence on tho due fulfilment of the programme, everything in connection with which was disposed of in a thoroughly satisfactory manner. Mr. S. Miller led off by running first and second in the Hurdle Raco with Fingara and Sam, which pair cleared right away from tho field on approaching tho straight, where tho stable companions fought out tho issue on their 1 merits, a remark I would hesitate to venture concerning one or two of those which fiuishod in tho rear of the placed horses. As was the caso in the Sires' Produce Stakes, the publio got on to tho wrong one of Pay ton's pair in the Nursery Hiindicap, and the hostile demonstration instituted against Hales on bringing Albina to scala showed plainly that a strong feeling of dissstisfaotion existed regard ing the' highly cccchtrio incidents associated with the recent running of Albina, Strom- boli and1 Piecrust.-' Unfavorable reference was made to Albina's indifferent behavior in the Junior Handioap, and questions wero also freely asked as to what ailed her at Caulfiold, when she was badly beaten in the Holiday Stakes, carrying the same weight as sho - won with on Thursday. I am quite at a loss to explain her poor display in the last named event, but it is only-fair to Btate that Albina's ohanco of winning the Junior Handioap was quite destroyed by tho bad start" she got. " Thoso at the post wero unanimous in declaring the start to be one of tho worst ever seen an a racecourse, and Albina was one of those whose jookeys had their backs towards Mr, "Watson wlien'the'signal was given. Hales, who was exceedingly annoyed, reported tho matter to Sir. J. B. Clark, who, so I am in formed, had serious intention of lodging a com plaint against the starter, but was persuaded to the contrary, After tho Albina-cuni-Stromboli episode had blown over, Marvel admirably main tained his reputation of being the mysterious horse of a oontury by creating the surprise par „ excellence of tho meeting by the peculiar condi tions under which he won the Autumn Handi cap. There was a rush to get on to him when betting opened, 4 to 1 being accepted in certain instances, but ' for some unaccountable reason tho odds against him expanded in a most extraordinary manner, and at last 100 to 2 and 3 was obtainable about him in certain parts of. . the j ring. Unfavorable though ' were these market indications,' thoy had : no direct' influence oh Marvel's running, inasmuoh Ob Harris rushed him to' the front : instantly the flog fell, made every post a' winning one and was never approached, cutting out the' fastest mile and . five furlongs ever run in Australia. Viewed in its various phases tho performance was an extraordinary one, and various were the conjeotures drawn by way of satisfactorily accounting for the result. The most peculiar feature of the whole proceeding rested in the' faot of , tho horse's form being completely exposed . without any benefit to owner, trainer and stablo partisans generally, a most perplexing state of affairs, seeing that Marvel's light is supposed to have remained under a bushel ever since ho was a 2-ycar-old. Thurs day's- performance would have made the next Caulfield Cup almost a oertainty for Marvel, whose party, ore understood to bo sadly chagrined at the - unexpected runaway exhibition. He simply made hacks of tho field opposed to him, and the great pace— 1 min. 16 sec.— at which he. out- out - the first six furlongs shows that he would have at least caused Bungebah to make better time in the Newmarket Handicap had Marvel, beqn . a starter. A peculiar feature associated with-Marvel's strange victory rests in the factof the horse never having been trained for mile and five furlongs race, his longest gallop at Flemington being little over a mile. The hopeless chase of Carbine by The Admiral and lyhimbrol rendered the Champion Stakes of 1891 a particularly uninteresting spectacle, and almost similarly easy was Bel Gioruo's viotory over the moderate field of geldings' opposed to him in the Special Juvonvlle Stakes. A good day's Bport was brought to a termina tion by Wiiga scoring a olever -victory over a big field which opposed lierin tho Free Handicap, thus adding to tho previous conquests scored by J. Monaghan with Penance and Marvel. Influential and representative was the com pany which assembled at tho ring side at St. Albans-lost Wednesday, on the occasion of the . first-sale under tho ownership of Mr. W. B. Wilson, who, together with his reBponsiblo manager, Mr. 0. L. M'Donald, is to be congratu lated on the success of the initial venture. The sale was a pronounced hit, and Mr, Archi bald Yuille had tho satisfaction of breaking the Australasian yearling record when he knocked down the brothor to Churchill to Mr. Andrew ' Chirnside for 2300 guineas. Mr. W. T. Jones stayed .well alongsido Sir. Chirnside for tho posso.ision.of the son of Newminster -and Prim rose, .whose sire and dam are both - the property of -the Messrs. Chirnside, but leased on -terms by Mr.. Wilson. The colt from Little Sister and the filly from Vindox, both by Newminster, were ois'o secured by Mr.- ;Andrew Chirnside, and all three, will bo,, entrusted to the veteran, Alec. ; Taylor, < \- the successful trainer - of Vengoanco. - Mr. J.- Crozior, the former pro prietor <jf , St. -Albans, was strongly in evidence at the ring side, his prinoipal purchaso being a good looking chestnut colt by Robinson Crusoe, from Ouida (dam of Corrcze) for whom he pluckily gavo 1075 guineas. Of tho 29 yearlings Bold, I liked nothing better than the filly by First King, from Lady Keith, in whioli Mr. Fred M'Evoy has, if I am not mistaken, seoured a bargain for 425 guineas. As previously intimated in these columns, ono of the yearlings was seoured by Mr. Bcddington, an English raoing patron now doing tho colonies, and as several good judges, aro favorably impressed with tho neat looking daughter of First King and Curopo, '-there aro more unlikely things than that the filly will succeed in distinguishing herself on the English turf. Mr. T. S. Clibborn has selected 31st Maroh and 1st April as tbo dates for holding his annual yearling sales at Randwick. Twenty-four lots are to be offered on behalf of Sir. Frank Rey nolds, of Total, the sires represented' being Goldsbrougb, Tho Drummer and Splendor. The list includes an own sister to Melos, while the dams of such well known performers as Eclipse, Bryan O'Lynn, Clarence, Seahorse, Randolph, Monnga, Sovereign, Doncaster, Chorister, Hilarious, Kaipara, Norbert, Sylvanus, Lady Lovell, Sou' Wester and Sea Song are also represented by yearlings. -Tho re cent 'performances of Gibraltar, Bungo- bah, Highborn, Swordbcarcr and others will cause special attention to be dircoted to the Grandmaster yearlings, 12 in number, to be submitted on account of Mr. John Eales, of Duckcnfield, and as two of - the youngstors are from Lalla Rookh and Legacy (own sisters to Lo Grand), competition promises to be a bit keen ere Mr. Clibborn drops the' hammer on this pnir. A filly by Grandmaster from The Witch (dam of The Charmer) is also likely to command attention. The Hoba.-tv'illc yearlings number 24, by a variety of sires, in-, eluding Grand Flaneur, Trenton, Monmouth;' Sardonyx, Gloucester, Martindale, Epigram and Cheviot. The list contains a couple of excep tionally choice lots in the fillies by Trenton from Grand Flaneur's sistor, Paressouso, and the filly1 by Grand Flaneur from Maddalina. The lots to be submitted on behalf of the Messrs. Lee are by Trenton, Trident, -Newminster,- Kings- borough and - Clievcden (brother to - Chester), from suoh- well known marcs as Emily, Feu d' Artifice, Lolage, Helena, Etiquette, Gipsy. Girl, Ghiuni Ghiuni, to. - - -' Tho new notice board bearing the names of jockeys, placed horses, time and other matters of interest worked admirably, and was much admired by thoso who saw it for the first time at Flemington on Saturday ; but an ovevsight.is noticeable in the omission of initials, which; to' make the thing complete, ought to be supplied, as there are-" three eaeh of the Hayes, Aiiwin, Redfearn and Fountain families riding, whilst Campbells, Scobies, Malones and sevoral others supply two,' and when theso names occur the new board leaves tho rider's individuality in doubt ; but this is a matter which can' cosily be rectified. Orlando, in King's stable, lias died from tho injuries ho received through coming: to grief over tho big fences last "week. He was lately purchased in New Zealand, where . he made a big reputation as a hurdle raoer..' ' Long before tho first race started at Fleming- ton on Saturday the supply of race books; ran out; not" pno" being obtainable either from -the street runners'or at the : depot on the course. Such a blunder as this wsb inexcusable, and on all hands the complaints, wero longi arid loud.' Australian racegoers will' not put up with cards,' which are not nearly so couvenient as books, and as a club like the V.R.C., which' thinks nothing of inoroasing the value-of stakes by thousands of pounds, copld surely afford to risk making a few shillings',, or pven pounds', worth of dead stock in stationery," the public convenience in this respect should command more attention. Possibly, cards, which cost a mere; nothing to produce, may pay better, but that is no reason why they should be foisted on people who prefer books aud are prepared to give the . extra .' price for them.'. . - - ' The separate victories of Bungebah, Gibral tar 1 and Highborn at .Flemington .on St. Leger day added materially to Grandmaster's reputa tion as a sire, and although the son of Gladie- tour and Colorima is now in his twenty-third year he promises to hold his own with the best of the Australian aires for a few more years. All going well with Swordbearer, he will have at least one excellent representative in the olas- sio 3-year-old evonts of next season. Tom Payton has made a present of Havilah to Mr. IV. Bailey, of Ballarat, and the disap pointing son of Chester and Marguorito will in future be trained by J. Scobie at-Dowling- Forest. The Admiral iB not nominated for the A. J.C. St. Leger, for which race thero is, however, quite a sufficiency of talent in Correze, Grey- gown, Gatling, Whimbrel, Magic Circle, King "William and others. A duel between the first named pair would of itself be worth nil the money, and all going well with them there is every prospect of an interesting battle. On Monday next Messrs. W. C. Yuillo and Co. will submit to auction at their Newmarket yards the whole of Sir. James Wilson's racing stud. The horses in training include Tho Serf, Chintz, Swing, Peggy, Martha and Gaudy. The brood mares, numbering hail a dozen, include a full sister to Tradition, in foal to Trenton. A variety of other thoroughbred stock will also be submitted for salo on Monday. Visitors to St. Albans on Wednesday were unanimous in their admiration of Trenton, who is probably tbo best looking stud horso now at service in Australia. Ho is a faultlessly formod animal, and as he was a better racehorse, and is more symmetrically formed, than his relative, Nordenfelt, thero is no reason why he should not be equally successful as a sire. With ordinary luck the superbly handsome son of Musket and Frailty oannotfail to make a reputation at the stud, Tho imported Eirispord is a horse of immense substanoo and power, though for general conformation and fineness of. quality he is not to bo compared with Trenton. First King carries his years well, but both New minster and Robinson Crusoo are commencing to show the enoroachment of old father time. The sporting calendar for next week is of a heavy order. Monday will, of course, he devoted to the settlement of accounts over the four days' racing at Flomiugton ; on Tuesday thero will bo races at both Mcntone and Lancefield; on Wed- dosday Korang and Malmsbury present another double fixturo ; while on Thursday, in addition to tho complimentary meeting to Mr. E. S. Chapman at Caulfiold, thero will bo racing at Colac and Yea. On Friday meetings will be hold at Onkleigh Park and Bcnalla, and tin unusually busy week will terminato with n- meeting . at Elstcrnwick Park. 1 Satisfactory ontrics have been received for all tho meetings announced to take place within the metropolitan radius. The low prices realised at the opening series of the annual yearling sales omened somewhat unfavorably for breeders, but with tho exception of the Bundoora contingent, there was nothing particularly attractive' about tho majority of the lots submitted by Mr. . A. Yuille. Although Chesterfield has yet to make a name for himself at the stud, his colUfrom Ringarooma fetohed the highest. price of Mr. Samuel Gardiner's yearlings, and' I don't think Mr. J. Turn- bull made a bad selection in giving 200 ' guineas for a youngster of suoh excellent' breoding and commanding appear- nnoe. Tho grey colt by- Stiwafrow from Colors is of the low, compact and powerful sort, and Mr. Eli- Jcllet is not likely to regret giving' 130 guineas 'for him. Numerous good judges selcoted the grey colt by Suwarrow from Prin. cess Beatrice as the pick of the Bundoora col lection, honoe it was hot surprising to see him fall to tho nod of Mr.1' R. Howie, who still rotainsh fo'udnoss for the. progeny of tho horse with which ho achieved' his greatest triumph on the turf. 1 Perhaps the biggest colt of the lot was the bay son of Prcoious Stone and Pan taloon, who went "oheaply enough at 130 guineas. - Owners have nominated freely for the compli mentary meeting to bo tendered Mr.'.'E. S. Chapman at Caulfield on Thursday next, and as tho private subscription list'entrusted to Mr. A. - Yuille has been1 liberally' patronised1 it is oxpected that the movement will realise 'close on £2000 to the benejiciairc. ' 1 1 . Mr. G. M. Kirk has resumod the position of starter for'Brisbaho'Tattcrsalls' Club, ' tho hew committee having remitted the' fiiia imposed upon him by tho late committee; Mr." Kirk's rcsignation'.was-the result' of the late -'starting dispute at Eagle Farm. .'c ' It is the' intention of the Queensland Turf Club to shortly appoint a paid kandicupper, and with this end' in view tiiat body has addressed a cireitlar to several of the- oountry - clubs asking them to cohtributo towards the oxponie. It-is more than' likely that "Mr. J. H. G. Ponhtonoy, the present Queensland Turf Club secretary, will resign: his position and take up that of the bandicappor. . . . At the late Warwiok show, in the scotion for blood horacs,' Mr. O. E.. M'Dougall's Archie, by Rapidity— -Eugenie. (imp.), took first prizo, tho second being Mr. J. Benjamin's handsome ' bay, Lord Salisbury by King Cola (imp.)— FratornitS by The. Marquis (imp.). "Both aro Viotorian bred horses. : I ,- It is more.tlian likely;that tho speedy 'Queens land mare, Canary," -will' Bhortly try herfortune in this' colony. - It is just possible tbat;Canary may- be accompanied'; by the'Hopeful Stakes winner' Booval, by Ruckthorpo (imp.')— My Lady by Vespasian > (imp.)— Grand Flaneur's dam.1 ' i : o Little Jeanne, by King Colo (imp.)— Charade, by Panic; and: consequently, owni'sistor td'1 the Caulfield Cup winner Little Jack, has left the post for the paddock, aiul has been put to Phil Athol (imp.), by' Blair Athol— - Prelude's dam, Philiina. ' ': ; Tho designs for a new grand stand to bo oreotcd on the Caulfiold ao'urse came" before the committee of tho Vidtorfa Amateur Turf Club fo final consideration yesterday. -'After a great deal of careful study the' number : bad been ' re duced to three, from which the two prize takers had; to: be obosen. ' -Compettug architects had evidently considered the names of well known racehorses to ' be appropriate to the occasion, the three designs discussed at yesterday's meet ing bearing the respeotivo names of Carbine I.,; Vengeance and Bit of Fashion. In the opinion of the committee tho Australian Cup hero on this occasion best the Champion winn'er. 'and it was announced that tho design acoepted, and for which the prize bonus of £300 will be given, was that marked Vengeance, the work of Mr. A. H. Cutler. The architect has prepared a draw ing of what promises to bo an imposing looking building, but in tho opinion of many people its consisting of two storeys is a serious fault. At Flemington tho upper stand is generally patronised when every available seat on the lower one has been occupied, and, as pointed out in The Age yesterday, tho erection of. a two- storeyed stand at Randwick has -been a pro nounced failure. ' Mr. Cutler's design is, how ever, n very elegant one. The drawing marked Carbine I. was the one which appeared to bo most admired by visitors to the Melbourne Art Salon, while the designs hung on view thore and this turn: out to be tho work of " Mr.' G. R. Johnson, whose naiiie iB . associated with the creation of some of tho principal publio edifices in Melbourne, includiug tho Exhibition Build ing. Tho committoe, preferring a two-storied stand, howovor, placed Carbine L second, Mr. Johnston gaining a bonus of £100. The stand, for which Sir. Cutler's design has been accepted, is estimated by tho architeot to cost £1800, and one of the conditious of competition is that this prioe must not be exceeded by more than 10 per cont. Tho return of passengers booked to tho Viotoria Racing Club's meeting on Australian Cup day, showed o substantial increase on the traffio of tho previous year. The figures aro as follow 1890 : Passengers, 4765; revenue £1575 18s. 1891: Passengers, 5733; revenue! £1914 18s. A report from Tumbarnmba gives particulars of a fatal case of snnko bite whioli happened at Tumut River on Sunday. Some little boys sons of a farmer named Owen Dowling, wero playing near tho river, when a snnke attached itself to tire foot of one of tho lads, 5 years of age. When the snake rolcascd its hold a slight scrateh was uoticeable on one of the lad's toes and though medical aid was summoned, the child died 2| hours after being bitten. 