BORDER TOWN. (From our Correspondent.} June 9. j.ne weamer nere: still continues dry. Jt is -at present threatening. , pnd I trust we j shall have a good, downpour before lpng. The .seasonisa vejy trying one for stock, t and when. the ram ' does come I think it will be too late in , the season to do much good. Ploughing isialso kept .back. I predict 'before lbng,however, a break-up of thedrbnght."-i " At the Police Court last ? week a Mr. Beach was chatgod Qft^he.ioformation of R.'Hood, the Djstritt CputiciJ:Ranger,witbi travelling; sheep threugh the reserves with* out giving.notice.;' The defendant pleaded . guilty, and was .fined-j^andQpiCts. ■Professor ^nspjaid;'"the ■ illusionist aixL magician, gave one of his entertainments in the Institute Hall here'on Friday even 'ing last.; 'There 'was' it'good"attendance considering the short notice given of the entertainment. The professor is highly talented, and his entertainment was a good one. The ghost illusion or disembodied spirit dance, which concluded ,the enter ment, caused ■ an -amount of ; sensation among the audience*. ^Ton willpno doubt,, have the pleasure of wxtnessing the enter tainment, the. professor having left hero for Narracoorte on Saturday.' ^ An accident happened to Mr. and Mrs. Lambert on Thursday last, which, fortu nately resulted in no very'serious injury. They were driving to Mundalla, when the ponies bolted, and the trap Coming in contact with a Jog was capsized. Both. Mr. and Mrs. Lambert were thrown heavily on to r the road; They were attended to byMr.G.Marilew,anddriven home, wh^jDr/Potts was in attendance. Both parties received a severe shaking, but are now, X.ain pleased to say, recover ing slowly. _Our_District Council held the last meet of their present year ton Wednesday last, when a good amount of business was transacted. The annual elections take place shortly, and nominations-to fill the vacancies caused by the retirement of the Councillors for the various Wards will be received at the District office Mundalla up till Monday the 15th inBt. The following Councillors retire ;—Border Town Ward, Councillor Green; Wolseley Ward, Coun cillor Barrett; Stirling Ward, Councillor Makm, by effluxion of time. Mundalla Ward,Councillors Stoddart and McDonald, by time and ballot.) Mr. A. Wilson retires as auditor Oar Wolseley. friends are making ar rangements for their show; held annually under the auspices of the Wolseley Horti ticulturai, Ploricultnral and Industral Society. A meeting of the committee of the Society was held on Saturday last, and ^ oresidedover by the President, Mr. P~ Knrght. Several snggestions for 111 ® prize-list were sub natrdV,a5? «W5nssed at solnb length, most of them' being favorably received. The anfidal toe§tm£ of the mlftibera will be heH«n_ Satubd&y;, June the27th. ^ rt i of -the ratepayers is called at Wolseley to discuss the filling of the vacancy in .that ward for the District Council and other matters. Tex Reeby Cbeex Bbidg^,—Mr. G. E, Barrer, the assistant inspector of roads, left Lucindale ftor Reedy Creek on. Wednesday last to take over the Reedy Creek bridge from the contractors. ThU byidge (states the Advertiser) is situ ated on the main i«ad from Lucindale to Robe, about 18 miles from "the former place. Hitherto settlers haveexperienced great, difficulty and Sequent loss in get ting their stock pver the creek to Lucin dale, the nearest market. This is. now removed by the erection of a tim .ber-bn.dge. pf. plain but substantial character, consisting ofaix sprus of 15 ft 6n P'fe piera. To the fop of. these are secured double cross h^Ms,. upon which rest the, longitudinal girders carrying the road way. - The uagbway i8 l2 ft. in width between «f« wheelgnards. ■ A substantial handrail rous and th hf the. bridge on both sides and; the approaches are securely fenced. SntSUJh °n»t8 -fD(i ^hgs cobsist of sub stantial sheet-pihng. Portions of the slopes of the embanked approaches are protected agaiust flood waters by stone Si!?" Mre- Reid & Wishart, of ioA The timbh® 'or-the, __ timber used is red gum of m, th" mi,lB Of Blears. J. & G. Thomson, of Rarra 