PRAHRAN CONGREGATIONAL LITERARY SOCIETY. Lecture by the Rev. 0. Copland. 'Thomas Carlyle.' There was a large audience at the Prah- 1 ran Congregational schoolroom on Monday 1 night last on the occasion of the open ing of tbe sixth session of the literary society connected with the church, when i the president, the Rev. O. Copland, delivered an able lecture on ' Thomas Carlyle.' Mr. Joseph Harris, M.P., pre sided and opened with a few words of encouragement to the members iu their work. The lecturer gave ao instruc tive and amusing lecture, fn which he revived some really good stories. Carlyle'6 father refused to allow any of the doors of his house to be painted, and when his children, iu anticipation of a coming party, got the painters on the scene, CarJyic senior wrathfully dared them to touch his house with ' the brush of falsehood.' Perhaps, in tbis is seen the origin of the son'6 I admiration for the essential fact of a thiog ! which the lecturer said was at tlie bottom of all Carlyle's books. The early struggles of the man ; his religious difficulties ; his comradeship with Irving, Mill, and Goethe : his attempt to get Jeffries to admit him as a contributor to the Edinburgh. Rscirw onlyio have the golden gate of literature slammed in his face, and many other mat ters of interest to the Carlyean student were rapidly passed in review. His unfortu nate relations with Mre, -Carlyle, as exposed to«the world by Froude's unsympathetic pen, were shown to have been rather assumed than real, When, after completing ' Tbe French Revolution,' a silly house maid burnt the .manuscript, be tells that when Mill left them, with a 'face as white as a ghost, ' my. darling wife rasbed to my armB and assuaged the loss by her silent sympathy.' He then determined to re write the book, which he did, and it became a standard English classic. When Carlyle once complained about some Chelsea fowls which annoyed his sleep by their crowing aud iutecfeted in the day with his literary work, a friend ventured to remark that tboy „xmly crowed four times a day.- ' Ah,' said the Chelsea sage, ' it is the waiting for their crowing.' The works ' Sartor Resartus,' and ' Crom well,' as the thoroughly honest attempt of an honest soul to strike foundation truth and clear away ihe sham tinsels and shoddy of the age, met with Mr. Copland s warmest approval; aud he cvea described the former book, iu biB enthusiasm, as a booV of sub* lime philosophy, perfcct humour, entranc ing romance, sparkling wit, and sound oommon sense. After passing votes of thanks, the audience filed out, satisfied with Carlyle, the lecturer, the singers, the chair man, and, as usual, with themselves. 1 