AT t k h u m k SWAMMW.) ! i'tU express, train from Melbourne to Ballarat on Saturday afternoon took many BAMesgen tor the City ot Stettin, bont upon Ming pwt in the great religious celebration ot the morrow. There were in the number bishops and priests, lawyers, pressmen, dele* sates from friendly associations* and un. adorned layuem WliOi on* nnd »U, went to «sitBt at whW is at onee one ot the most imprelsive and imposing ot Oath olio oere- Tho latter class of pilgrims—it the term it 'admissible—were rather numerous, and one lor two ot the number, who had known Bal> iarat in the " early days," when gold was as plentitnl as water in the gullies, helped to pass the time with their aneodotes ot lite on the diggings. One there was who remembered the emotion ot the old churoh on Bakery Hill, long since replaced by the resent splendid odifioe, dedicated to St Sliplus, and his recollections ot tho good priests, Frs, Dunne, Downing, Smith, and Madden, who, in order to Mtord their ooreligionists on the goldfields the means ot complying with the preoepts ot the Churoh, forsook the oomtorts ot oivilisation tor a canvas tent and blaok, tin billy. West station was reached about 7.15, and thon oame the trouble over hotel accommodation. After a long search we at last oame npon a house which had not been invaded by the unusual influx ot visitors, and forthwith wo were happy. 'Twas Saturday night, and as I wished to ice as much as possible ot the eity, I walked torth atter supper. The Italian Opera Pompany were at the Academy of Music, and there were other entertainments in various parts of the town, nevertheless the streets wore crowded, and I shall not readily torget the sight that presented itself when, leaving Sturt-street, I passed into Bridgestreet. Not only were the footpaths thronged, but the same state ot attain existed in the roadway-people rushing about as it their ito depended upon speed, and others aimessly walking to and fro, bound tor nowhere in partioular. Crowds and I do not agree, and so the next move was back Bturt- itreet, pausing ever and anon to view that beautiful thorough' tore, with its statues, trees, and cosy seats Ot these statues what shall I say? Bobby Burns standing on his native heath and the lifelike figure ot Tom Moore, minus, however, the snamrooks, tor the 11 chosen leaf ot bard and ohiet" does not flourish in Via fcria. Sunday oame at last with its groat oelebration and gorgeous pageantry, reminding one ot the glorious spsotaoles the Churoh in the ages ot faith, when the great cathedrals ot the world were built and oonseorated. In the afternoon there was the dinner at tho Holy Ghost College, at whioh were present the leading men In every walk in lite in Victoria. Dr. Redwood's sermon at vespers was one ot the finest efforts I have over listened to, and I am sum an abler discourse on " Faith" has seldom been heard by any who were present that night. • Monday brought the Mayor's reception ot the prelates and the entertainment in their honour, at the Loretto Convent. It also afforded me an opportunity ot making my first descent into tne bowels ot the earth. In the afternoon we visited; the Star of the East mine, and were invited to go below. Attired in the airy ooatume ot tho miner, wo entered tho oage, and thenswish, swoop, down we went 1800 test with the speed ot a bullet from a balloon. It only took a minute and a halt, bnt it I live to he a patriarch, I shall never essay a descent to a mine again. A tew minutes' exploration under ground in the sweltering heat convinced us that we ware not intended by nature tor miners, and onee more that terrible oage waa entered, and we woro speedily raised to the light ot day. Halt-an-honr's leisure suggested a visit to ho Art Gallery,where we wero able to feast our m on that excellent work whioh the Bishop ot Ballarat procured tor the city during his eoent visit to Rome, "Tho Creation ot Adam." There are stveral other fine works, notably, "Ajax and Cassandra," but a Buperfici&l; inspection is not sufficient tor eueh a collection. Tuesday evening waa devoted to the Re. demptorist Monastery, Wendouree, the memorial-stone ot which was laid at 11 a.m. by the Oardinal, who also deUveredafinoaddreu. The people oame forward liberally with their cheques tor the building fund, and all seemed filsd to be able to testify in tome manner their esteem tor the good fathers whose labours in Victoria ihavc been oo prolific ot good. The day was hot, and any exertion wot ther fatiguing. The fathers did not, however, torget the bodily wants ot their friends, tor atter the ooMeotion those who cared to wait wero entertained at a hospitable luncheon provided in a tpeotouamarcuee on the grounds. The Oardinal, Anhbitheps, and Bishop* were amongst those anient. Ry-and-hy*, Fr. Vanghan opened the tout list, and the apeoobes vMoh followed wore decidedly ot the mirth provoking character. Everyone wasin the best ot humouc, and the olima* was reached when, K ™**™^^ sssssasss ZW&lBSXS-; that when Fr. O'Farrell decided ue m epia. his new monastery to, be promt II pomble at the eeremony. 