.etc. POURQUOIPAS. CHAPTER I. « But, madame, I do not understand you J" "It is a mystery ! " A mystery!" Mr. Fletcher felt that the word inadequately described the situation. "Do you mean to say—I hardly know whether to take you seriously—that you have been having a conversation with—a horse P" " That is to say, with my husband— with Ernest." " I thought you said that he was dead P" "It is certain. Did I not see him die? I will show you the bed upon which we laid him out. Did I not shed upon his corpse my teiirs P What would you have p" " Then how about the conversation ?" " It is metempsychosis." Mr. Fletcher began to be amused. "It is a theory of which I know but little. It is an article of faith with which monsieur is acquainted P" "Not much—personally." "IP I am a Catholic! ErnestP He was I know not what! These men! Never shall I forget my feelings when— when I suggested sending for a priest— he said that it was not worth while to trouble the good man, for when he died his soul would pass into a horse." "A horseP" " A horse! He even named the horse! It is incredible!" Mr. Fletcher thought it was—almost. "Monsieur must knowthat my husband —he is dead! what does it matter P— was not to me a good husband. I did my best to bring him to a sense of what was right, of what was proper; but, after all, it is little that a wife can do; is it not so ? He had his little fortune, I had mine. Puff t before I knew it his was gone. Do not ask me how. He would have sent mine with it. I said no. He was a great horseman. He used to keep horses to run at races and to sell—that was his business; the hotel was mine— and among them was the famous Pourquoipas—all the world has heard of Pourquoipas." All the world might have done. Mr. Fletcher had not. He said so. "Monsieur has not heard of Pourquoipas. It is extraordinary! He is the greatest trotting horBe in the world. It is little I know of these things; but I do know that Pourquoipas is indeed a marvel. He was my horse, as indeed, when you have the truth, were all the others. Judge, then, of my surprise when, as I told monsieur, I said to Ernest, ' Shall I Bend for thepriestP' he replied, 'Of what useP "When I die my soul will pass into Pourquoipas.' ' What nonsense are you talking P' I demanded. ' Agnes,' he said, 'you have often accused me of having no religion. I have a religion. I believe in the doctrine of metempsychosis.' * What horror is that t' I cried. 'It is the doctrine of transmigration of souls. I am now about to die. I believe that when I am dead my soul will pass into the body of Pourquoipas. It is as I say. Those who live longest will see most.' He looked at me with his glassy eyes. He turned over on his side. Before I knew it he was dead. Those were nice last words for a wife to hear from a husband as he was entering the grave. " I said nothing to any one. I was too much ashamed. The day before yesterday he was. buried. Yesterday morning I entered the stable to see that all was well. ;fwas looking at Pourquoipas. I was wondering what I should do with hiin. He is entered for half a dozen races—and what do I know of racing P — and suddenly Pourquoipas turned and looked at me. 'Agnes,' he said, 'goodday.' Monsienr, it was my husband s voice. I fell to the ground. They found me in a fit. They carried me to the home. Oh, mon Dieu!" The lady applied her handkerchief to her eyes. Apparently she wept. "Don't yon think it possible, saggestedMr. Batcher, mildly, " that you Were fhevictim of a delusion P' "Possibly! When I returned to consoionsne»s I said to myself,«It is sure! I am no fool—11' The more I thought of it the more I said to myself it was :a trick my fancy slaved me. Last night, when I went to fled, this idea was dearly presented to my mind." Mme. Peltier paused. She glanced around the room with what was very like a glance of apprehension. " Monsienr, last night I had no doubt upon the matter. This morning I found pinned to my pillow a piece of paper, on which were written the words—• Come to the stable.' They were in my husband's handwriting. I have the piece of paper in my pocket." She rummaged in a pocket, which' seemed as remarkable for the variety of its contents as any schoolboy's could possibly have been. Finally, she produced a scrap of paper. This she placed upon the table with a flourish which was essentially dramatic. "There it is. Monsieur may see it for himself." It was a quarter-sheet of dirty notepaper, on which was written, in a cramped, French hand writing, the words, "Come to the stable." "It is my husband's handwriting; there are a hundred persons who can swear to it. I said, 'It is another trick.' But, in spite of myself, I went to the stable. Scarcely had I put my foot inside the door than Pourquoipas looked around to me with this remark—'You see, my wife, it is as I said.'" " Did you have another fit p" " Would that I had! It was not all he said, not by a great deal. He advised me to commit suicide." " In order to join him in the bosom of Pourquoipas P" "Not actually, but in effect. He desired, the vagabond! that I should ruin myself. He said that I was to send all the horses and a sum of money—ah ! what a sum!—to an address at Morlaix. I was to ask no questions as to their destination. I was to dismiss them from my mind as though they had never been." Mr. Fletcher rose from his seat. " You don't mean that he said all that P" " It is the truth. All the horses and 10,000 francs—all to be sent to a man at Morlaix of whom I had never heard. It would be my ruin. As well commit suicide at once." " This gets interesting." "He said that if I did not do it he would haunt me by day and by night. He would make my life a burden. He would make me wish that I -was never born." Seriously, madame, are you quite sure that you were not again the victim of your own imagination P" " I have do imagination; I know not what it is. When I hear a thing, I hear a thing; and when I hear my husband's voice I know it Monsieur may rest assured of that. Beside, there is the paper." There was the paper. But Mr. Fletcher did not see that there was much in that. Oddly enough, he had been routing out materials for an article on Breton superstitions, when he stumbled on his find at Plestin. He had not been in the place half a dozen hours when the landlady of his hotel, La Bonle d'Or, thrust on him her confidence. She said—he had never had such an accusation hurled at him before—that monsieur looked "so sympathetic." On the shore he found the stables. They were built within a stone's throw of the sea. Oatwardly they had not the appearance of a typical training stable— of a training stable, that is as it is known in England. A lank, knock-kneed individual was lounging in front of the door, who was the typical English jockey as he is found in fifth rate racing establishments in "foreign parts." -Him Mr. Fletcher accosted. " Got some -decent horses, I hew." The "jockey" looked him tip. and down. • , M " They've got four legs—most on em.. Mr. Fletcher knew that the speaker had already, read his inmost; soul, and was aware that his equine knowledge extended no further than the ^capability of being able to draw a distinction between a horse and an ass. " Four good legs, some Of them, I understand P" ;>> "About as good as yours and mine.* Mr. Fletcher felt that this language, in one in the position of the speaker, was out of place. " Can I have a peep at them r "There's no law agin it as I knows on." l f The stable door was open. Mr. Fletcher entered. The jockey slouched in after Turn. The arrangements ware primitive, but the building was of oonsiderable size, and some, eiglit or awe animals were in the boxes? « Which is Pourquoipas ?" . . "i' . "That is Pouiquoipas. On Mr. Fletcher moving toward the animal indicated the jockey was moved to further eloquence. " He is a'orse, he is." Pause. " He is a 'orse." Another pause. " There ain't no trotter like him, not in Europe, there ain't. I ought to know." Pause. " And I says so." Pause. " That 'orse Can do his mile inside of of 2.11." The speaker glanced at Mr. Fletcher as if challenging contradiction. But as that gentleman was unaware of there being anything remarkable in a horse " doing his mile inside of 2.11,!' his countenance was blank. " Yes, and inside of 210 if he's fairly on the job." Again a look in the nature of a challenge, still no reply. In possible disgust the jockey did what Mr. Fletcher was hoping he would do—he turned on his heels and left the stable. He seemed to see nothing surprising in leaving a perfect stranger to examine the stud at his leisure. Mr. Fletcher was content, however, to confine his attention to one member of the stud—to Pourquoipas. " So you're Pourquoipas, are you P I don't know much about the genus trotting horse; but, if you're a fair example of the rest of your tribe, you're not a handsome family. Big, gawky, leggy brute ! You look to me more like a cart horse gone wrong than any other kind of quadruped I've seen." Pourquoipas looked around with Bullen eyes, as though he resented these observations of too candid a critic. " A nice sort of man the late Peltier must have been to have wished to transfer his soul to such a thing of beauty as yourself." The creature made a movement with his hind legs, which caused Mr. Fletcher to nimbly step aside. " Now, then, whose toes are you trying to step upon P A pretty mean sort of scamp your master must have been." There ensued an interval of silence. Mr. Fletcher stared at the horse, and the horse at him. It was a stare, perhaps, of mutual admiration. "Fat English pig!" It was these words, spoken in French, which broke the interval of silence. Mr. Fletcher started back in so much haste as to come into sudden and unexpected contact with the stable wall—it seemed that this flattering address proceeded from Pourqnoipas ! For some seconds hegazed at the animal with an astonishment which was altogether unequivocal. " I'm not surprised that it frightened the woman ! The thing was uncommonly well done. Now, my ventriloquial friend, where are you P" Echo answered, where. Mr. Fletcher treated Pourquoipas with very little ceremony. He drove him from side to side of his box, so that no corner of it was hidden. He peered into his manger; he routed among the straw; he looked up at the ceiling; he examined the other boxes—there was nothing there but horses. He returned to stare at Pourquoipas, and the more he stared the more the wonder grew. "Blockhead." . The same voice, and again it seemed to proceed from Pourquoipas. "So there was something in it after all. I thought the woman was romancing. Well, this is something new in travellers' tales. I wonder, my friend, just where you areP" While he wondered the voice went on —"You think, ybu English, that you are wise. Bah! You are a nation of fools! Go back to your land of fogs; there you will be more at home than 'h6re." "Is that allP" asked Mr. Fletcher, when the voice was still. It seemed that it was. All efforts on his part to provoke a continuation of the conversation'proved futile. His language was not exactly choice; his allusions were not entirely civil; but nothing he could say had any effect upon the quadruped, or upon the gentleman behind the scenes who had endowed the quadruped pro tern, with the faculty of " If the seance is concluded I suppose I'd better go." As he left the stable he told himself— " Unless I am mistaken, our friend the jockey has a finger in this pie." When he got into the open airthefirBt thing he saw was the jockey walking beside a horse which a lad was exercising on the sands a good three-quarters of a mile away. . "Later on, Mr. Fletcher, having returned to tiie hotel for dinner, noticed .above. the mantelpiece of the salle a manger the -picture elf a man. The portrait was in oils and life. size. The Imaa was leariing ovBr a table,'staring the spectator in the face. It was -in the modern style of French sensation—the man seemed actually alive, but ia its way it was distinctly a work of art. Mr. Fletcher asked the Breton maid who brought in his soup who the original was. "It is the patron—the husband of madame. It is a good likeness; a very good likeness. But, for me, I do not like it. Whenever I look at it I think that he is going to leap at me across the table." The idea was not inapt; he did look as though he were about to spring. • Wasn't he a little man P" ' But a dwarf. That is how he was so good a rider." The face in the picture was not an evil face. It seemed to Mr. Fletcher that it was rather the face of a fool than a knave. But about the whole portrait there was a curious appearance of life— one momentarily expected the man to spring. That night Mr. Fletcher was aroused from his first sleep by a tapping at his bedroom door. At first—as we are apt to do—he wondered what it was that had disturbed his slumber. Tap, tap, tap ! As he listened there came a further tapping at the panel of the door. He started up in bed. " Who's there P" "Open, monsieur, for the love of Heaven." It was a woman's voice. " Is that you, madame P" " Open, monsieur, I pray you, open." " What's the matter ?" Slipping into a pair of trousers, Mr. Fletcher went to see. Outside the door was Madame Peltier. She had a lighted candle in her hand. Without waiting: for an invitation, pushing past the gentleman, she entered his room. Putting her candle on the table, herself she placed upon a chair. Mr. Fletcher felt that this behaviour of his landlady required an explanation, even in the wilds of Cotes du Nord! " May I ask, madame, what is Wrong?" Now that she had gained admittance, the lady appeared to be in a state of speechless agitation; it was plain that there was something wrong. " Ernest!" she gasped. " Ernest! I have seen him." " Ernest!" For a moment the name conveyed no significance to M r. Fletcher's bewildered brain. -"You mean your husband P" " My husband 1 I have seen his ghost!" "His.ghoBt?" Mr. Fletcher was becoming conscious that there might be more excitement in the country than in the town. •'. " I have seen his ghost. Oh, mon Dieu! I was asleep. Suddenly I woke. Someone was leaning over me, having a tigh t hold upon my arm. It was Efzrest. Oh, mon Dieu /" ... " You were dreaming." "Dreaming! I wish I had been dreaming. Is that a dream?" The lady pulled up the sleeve of her garment. An ugly bruise showed on the skin of her plump, white arm. " Ernest was a little man, but he had a wrist like steel. That is where he gripped me. Is that a dream P" " How do you know it was your huBb&ndP;" "Do I not know my own husband P He whispered in my ear—oh, theliorror! 'You see, my wife,it is aslsaiid,' I iwaa too frightened to speak. ' ;I willhaunt you by day and night until you- do my bidding.' Then he began again .About the hones and thei ten thousand fiancs which I am 1 to *tend-" step .Manaear Quelquochose at Morlaix—jitsfcas I heard it, every word from /Pbufrqubipas. It will be my ruin!" ' - / x m While the lady sobbed, Mr. Fle'tcher paced to and fro. (To be continued.) THE following are the offioial figures regarding the number of German Cathqlios in certain United States citiesCinoinnpti haa 53,620 German Oatholios and 57 priests; 8t. Louis has 41,156, and 51priests;" 0hicago has 81,675, and 49 priests; Bufialp" has 81,675, and 44priests; Brooklyn, 28,176, and 28 priests; PittBburg,26,965, and34pnestB ; Milwaukee, 23,510, with 24 priests; ttonisville, 17,470, with 18 prieBts; Detroit, 15,125, with 18 priests; Cleveland, 14,220,wiib 27 priests; St. Paul, 11,410, and 10 priests; Oovington, Ky., 11,160, with 10 priests; New Orleans, JO,850, with 14 priests; Newark, N.J., 8970, with. IS priests; Qoincy, 111., 7885, with 20 priests;. Brie, Pa., 6900, with $ priests; Albany, -N.Y., 6805, with 6 prieBts; Evaheville, ~Ind., £250, with 6 priests; Boston,5Q00, with 8 .priests; Indianapolis, 462$, with 8 priests ; Dubuque, Iowa, 4226, with 6 priests; Oolumbue, Ohio, 4845, with 7 prierts. 