CHESS NEWS. The Anal and decisive game in the match between the Hobart Chess Club and the Victorian Chess Club, an Allgaier Gambit, is given in full with copious notes by Mr. F. J. Young, in the Australasian of 16th May. Tho game resulted in a win for the Hobart C. C, the Vic torian C. C. resigning at the 55th move. Some very interesting specimens of " the patterns to be formed by joining successive posi tions" in the knight's tour are given in the Field of 11th April, in which it is stated that " another interesting branoh of the subject is the consideration of tours possible in boards of various dimensions;" it being, as the writer says, " a recognised axiom that no perfectly symmetrical tour, whether perpetual or not, is Eossible in an eight-square board, but this is y no means the case with boards of other dimensions—notably six-square and ten-square boards, in whioh perfectly symmetrical per petual tours are easy." ..." Since the despatch of my last note I have succeeded in proving the fallacy of what I had hitherto re garded as an established axiom—namely, that a perfectly symmetrical tour was impossible in an eight-square board." The illustration is then given given of a perfectly symmetrical and perpetual tour on an ordinary board. The long wished-for triangular contest be tween the three principal clubs of London is to oome off early in May. The British Chess Club will meet the City of London Club on Wednes day, the 13th May; the St. George's Club will meet the City on Thursday, the 14th May; and the British Club will meet the St. George's pro bably on Friday, the 15th May. In the tournament for the championship of the City of London Chess Club, Mr. Moriau is still leading in No. 1 section, and Messrs. Loman and Woon are abreast in No. section, with scores of 51 eaoh out of a possible 6.—lllus trated Sporting and Dramatic News. A startling incident occurred at the anni versary services of the West United Presby terian Church at Kirriemuir entirely without a parallel in the memory of the oldest inhabi tants. On the afternoon of Sunday, sth April, the minister was calmly preaching his sermon, when a modern Jenny Geddes, infuriated at one of the male members of the choir being asleep, hurled her Bible at the head of the delinquent from the gallery where she was sitting. The Bible missed the sleeper, but struck the shoulder of another man in the olioir, who started up amazed. The minister became pale, paused in his discourse, and ex claimed, "What's wrong?" " The Bible struck the wrang man," she cried, rising up in her pew, although her friends vainly attempted to hold her down, " twas meant to wauken the sinfu' sleeper." Strange to say, all present retained their gravity, not the ghost of a smile becoming apparent on the faces of the in finitely tickled and astounded congregation. An electric railway has been projected from Vienna to Buda-Pe3th, a distance of about 150 miles. It is proposed that the average velocity of the passenger trains to be run Bhall be from seventy-five to eighty miles an hour. 