THK SIOUX WAK. | (London Daily ietegraph.) Although there Is ample cause for grave anxiety, if not for absolute alarm, In the in* telligonoo received from Washington with respect to the hostile attitude assumed by the Sioux and Shoshone Indians in Dakota, It Is to be hoped tliat a somewhat exaggerated view of the situation has been taken by Colonel Corbln. Speaking on behalf of General Miles, of the Unltoa States Army, i he has not hesitated to regard as far from re mote contingency tho outbreak of 'one of the bloodiest Indian wars In the North-West the country has ever known.' This gloomy prognnstioation Is, however, modified by froloocl Corhln's expression of opinion that the peril may be averted by a timely display of military force, and thut 3000 Federal soldiers are available for such a purpose, and might be dotpatohed to tho disturboa districts st fnu^and-twenty hours notice. General Milos himself, who is In command over tho region through which the disaffected Redskins are scattered, is much more reticent In com municating h*s views as to the prospeots of a rising amoug the Sioux ai d Shoshone tribes. He h»s been content to tell hie querists at Chicago that there are grounds tor appro* hension of trouble amoog the Indians on the plains between the Missouri River and tho Rocky Mountains ; aod that the excitement prevalent was at Its acutest In tho Sioux csinps, the population of which is , put down at 27,000 souls, tantamount, per. | naps, to al-out 500 tomahawks. With these ! the United States troops, said to be available would surely be competent to cope $ but the greatest danger lies in the possibility of the Indians making sudden raid* on isolated American stations, and according to their usual practice, slaughtering and scalping alt j the whites. Thus, from Mandan, in North | Dakota, a friendly Indian has brought news | that the Redskins in the Moux reservation In- i tend to attack Fort Abtaham Lincoln, the garrisons of which ihey know to consist of only 50 men. Their next step — if the report of the friendly Indhn be true — will be to at tack Mandao, massacre the inhabitants, and plunder and burn the town. Mandun, it is added, is in a state of wild panic, and the in tensity of the scare is aggravated by the rumour that the Indian police at Standing Rock have thrown up their ' shields,' or badges of enrolment, and broken out in open insurrection. Thatthe Redskins inean mischief in this particular locality seems unfortunately only too clear from the fact that Mr. M*Langhlin, tho Indian agent at Standing Rock, has been ' heckled' and defied by the notorious chief Sitting Bull, the ringleader of the last Indian revolt, who cooly told the re presentatU'e of the Federal Government that ' thete would be no more use for him or any other Whites, as all would be soon wiped off the face of the earth.' It is also alleged that the Sioux in an area extending for miles round Mandan are buying amnunition .m I ' making gestures suggestive of scalping.' Ruthless ferocity bas never failed to char acterise the petty but sanguinary wars be tween the Indiana and the Whites in the United States, and it in only fair to admit that the cruelty and barbarity displayed have not always been confined to the aboriginal com* batants. Some of these wars have been purely aggressive on the part of the Indians ; others mainly predatory ; while nota few hive been excited by the baa faith and the harsh treatment shown by professed Christians to I ostensible pagans and savages. The threat ened rising amoug tlie Sioux and Shoshones seems, however, to point to an unprecedented feature in Indian agitation. The coppcrcol oured malcontents of Dakota appear to be prompted in their seditioueness by a strange kind of Transatlantic Mahdism. A multitude of essays, novels, and romances have been written about the religious beliefs of the North American Indians ; but, divested of all the fables invented by the novelists, all the gossip picked up bv the travellers, and all the systems formulated by the missionaries, the sum of real knowledge obtained touching Red Indian theogomy is very limited In extent. It has been, however, ascertained with sufficient i exactitude that this theogomy is destitute of temples, liturgies, idols, or fetishes, that it has no public confession of faith, and no priest hood other than the 'medicine men,' who are merely force rers, weaving gross charms and spells. The purer form of Indian faith is be lief ii the existence of a Great Spirit or ' Manitow,' who is impersonal and incompre hensible, but who is the creator of all things, and inauifeaU himself spiritual in every object in nature, man bimseli excepted. Of a resur rection of the body the Indian dees uot appear to have ever had any definite idea. The romance-writers have talked a great deal about the ' happy hunting-grounds' ; hut, as a matter of fact, the Redskin merely thinks- -if be troubles to think at all on the subject^that his future life will be only a continuation of his present one, including very possibly the uninterrupted consumption of ' firewater, M the preservation of his pri vilege to beat and make a beast of burden of his squaw, and the non-success of an occasional scalping, burning and lootiog raid upon the Pnlefaccs. The harmonious numbers of Pope have idealised the ' poor Indian whose untutored mind sees God in clouds, or hears him in the wind ' ; and that the spirit of the 44 Manitow ' is omnipresent in nature, sometimes with a l-enetio« nt, sometimes with a maleficent influeuce, the 44 pwr Indian ' con tinue*, in a shadowy way, to believe ; but it is extremely questionable whether he has uny notion of being some d*y transported to'*;!!! equal sky,' where his ' faithful dog' into 'tear him company.' Suddenly, however, the idea of a Personal Diety seems to have sprung up amougbtthe Sioux and Shoshones of the North - West. A ' Rrd-Me eiah ' is re ported to have made Mb appearance on the summit of a mountain peak in South-Bastcro Montana, and the Indians in Dakota are in houtly expectation of the manifestation of a dusky 'Soter' in their midst i he statement that the Indians have been celebrating the weird ' Ghost Dance,' which is to initiate the resurrection of all the braves who have gone to the Great Spirit since the first appearance of the white men on the American Continent, should, we think, for reasons given aliove, be received with some caution ; but that they have been resorting to charmB and incantations tn their wigwams and round their camp fires, to inflame their ani* mosity against tne Whites, and that they may have danced the war-dance prior to starting on the war-path, is likely enough. Nor Is it at all improbable that the Sioux and Sh' ? shones are in expectation of the advent of a Red Messiah. The zealous efforts in their midst during so long a period of years of so many Americans missionaries can scarcely have been altogether fruitless ; only primitive races havo an embarrassing tendency to ac ccpt the letter of a creed while utterly Ignoring its spirit, and the implicit belief of those poor people in the imminent appeatance of au In* onrnate Messiah may only be the outoome of Christian teaching undigested and gone wrong. Strangely enough, analogous craees are by no means of infrequent occurrence among the Maoris of New Zealand, who preach and sing themselves into a frenxy over the proximate ooming of a tatooed Messiah who is to make a clean sweep of the ' Pakeha' or white man. A somewhat plausible explanation of the de» luslon which Is agitating tne Sioux and Sho shones may be fonnd in the assertion of a native interpreter that tbe ' Messiah ' said to have boen seen in Montana is a Pah Ute Red skin named John Johnson, who, although wholly illiterate, Is very Intelligent s and, if *uch be indeed the case, the wily Sitting Bull probably knows a great deal more about the rab Ute 'MeBBlali' than he would oare to own. It has been suggested that tho United States should get hold of this John Johnson, and utilise what influence ho m»y possess in the , direction of oonniliatlng and paoificatlng the Sioux and Shoshones. Not muoh difficulty, U is to be apprehended, would be experienced in ' mediatising' the Pah Ute Messiah and his apostles— if he havo any— by a judicious administration among them of blankots, corn flour, and rum, but In any case it Is gratifying to 1-arn even that suoh a suggestion has been made, Inasmuch as it would seom 1 to point to the desire of the federal Govern* meet, in its dealings with the Indlansi to resort to some other policy than that ol extermination. Over and ovor agnln the solemn treaties and compacts mads with thein havo beon deliberately broken or wantonly disregarded, until, at last the I odian apprecia tion of the white man's falsity to his red fellow creatures has boo tmo proverbial In the locution, M lit'waro of t.he forked tongue of the Palofaoe.' Fifteen yo«m haw elapsed since Professor Marsh presented a report to tho President of tho United States denouncing the corruption and Iraudulent dealings of tho ' Indian Ring,' a term ot opprobluui applied to the officials who were employed to pay the compensation awarded to the Indian tribes removed to the reservations; but war «fter war has deciinnted the tribes since tho period just named, and In almost every oase tho struggle made by the lurlians Hgaiost the whites an-!te from, sheer desperation, c-us' d by the iniquitous conduct pr^ctiso'l towards them by thu agents of tho Federal Govern ment. Long years ago tho American Hishop llutlur said that if his fellow-countrymen onlv treated the redskins as well as the Hritish treated the ' Six Nations ' in Canada there would be no more Indian want. 8ur» ly It is tin e for the Administration of Washington to try the experiment. 