ECHOES FROM PALL MALL FaOM OOB CORRESfOXDINT. LONDON, 27th March. It has often happened whon a murder has been committed by a person of any position that tho populace refuso to believe that he has paid the -penalty of his crime. An example of this occurred in the case of the assassin of President Lincoln, who, tho vulgar world would always have it, escaped tho shot which it was given out had killed him. The hcliof had n serious corroboration in tho fact that tiicro was a man who bore tho strangest resemblance to Booth. He has just died In Georgia; a olorgyman by profession, but who nevor obtained a churoh, by reason of being unable to giro any satisfactory account of himself. There is nothing of course surprising in tho re semblance of twins, but this likonese of strangers to one another Is very unusual. Pliny tells us that a slave dealer sold to Marcus Antonius, tbe triumvir, two beautiful boys as twins, but, as their tongues betrayed, one was born in Asia and tiie other beyond tho Alps. 'The purohaser angrily inquired why ho was made to pay so much for twiu9 when thoy were not twins, whoroupon tho other justly replied that thoy- wero more valuabio on that very account, as their want of relationship made tho resemblanoo the more remarkable. A better known story, including an ndmir&blo; reparteo, is told upon the same subject of Augustus Ctesnr. A young provincial was so very llko him that on coining to Rome ha was often taken far the emporor ; tho latter sont for him, and, with rude sarcasm, Inquired whether his mother had ever been in Rome. The young man " disoerning," as tho historian puts it, " whither the question tended," roplied, with great simplicity, " No, sire, my mother never was, but my father has often been." A witty rotort, indeed, but rather a dangorous one to make to an absolute monarch. I had myself a friend who was so liko Napoleon III. that, when the emperor was in England, he constantly received the salutations intended for his majesty ; but, when Been togethor, it must be confessed the resemblance was not striking. It is ono of the moat curious proofs of Nature's skill that, except in the case of twins, she almost never makes two faces alike. Whereas, if any man, who is not an artist, attempts to draw faces, they are all alike, though generally not like faceB. I am thankful to read that Yolapuk Is rapidly dying out; its professors have quarrelled among themselves, though their recriminations have not. been expressed in that language, for obvious reasons ; it would not have even conveyed to one another the fact that thoy wero out of temper. It was unintelligible even to the in ventor, who was always making ohanges in It that left the last state of it worso than tho first. If a universal language is really wanted, let ono already existing, and that the most widely dis seminated of all, bo adopted by everybody. That indeed would be a great oonvenionoe, espe cially to English people. It has excited some surprise that tho nntion of dwarfs discovered in Africa by Mr. Stanley, and supposed to be among tho eldest of tho human family, havo not often before been heard of outside their forests. Had they increasod and multiplied like other races, thoy would havo overrun tho world. The cause of this has just been explained to the Paris Geographical ' Society by a travelled savant. He has lived among tho little people, and knowH all their little ways. "The dominating expression of tholr features is fear," and among othor things they havo n fear of marriage, and for a very good reason. " When married, a young dwarf has to live with his wife's family till she bears a son who has killed an elephant. " As tha Btaturo of a dwarf is never more than 5 feet 7 this feat is not easily performed, so that this cdiot is equivalent to condemning the poor fellow to live under his mother-in-law's roof for ever. It is no wonder that tbe custom proves what the lawyers term "in restraint of matrimony." The idea of those who believe in "tho survival of the fittest" is that these dwarfs wore driveu into obscurity by taller men, against whom they long kept up a war of vengeance, and hence the fear inspired among primitive raceB of gnomes, and fairies — O'er tho airy mountain, Down tho rushy glen, We daren't go a-hunting Because of little men. Thero are suicides and suioides, somo of them determined ones and somo not. A curious example of tho latter class hns just occurred. A young woman throw herself into ono of tho basins in Trafalgar-square. Some of tho most resolute acts of self-destruction have been com mitted in basins ; desperate persons have kept their heads under water in them until they have accomplished their object. A Trafalgar-square basin is not suitable for this olass, but presents admirable opportunities for tho other. It is very shallow, and easy to get out of if nobody comes, which, considering that it is generally surrounded by crowds of people, among whom is at least one policemnn, is a most unlikely contingenoy. If you don't mind getting your feet wet and being condemned to an interview with the prison chaplain, which was the result in this young woman's case, thero seems no objeotion to using tho locality again and agnin. In a recent lecture upon Brain Rest Sir James Browno makes an astonishing statement respect ing Professol- Tyndall. Ho says that that gentleman tolil him " for four weeks I never had a single second of sleep and walked thousands of times round my room to no purpose." This iB a very largo ordor in the way of insomnia indeed. One's ordinary custom on hearing a friend say that ho has " not slept a wink" is to conclude lie has had a bad uight — slopt five hours perhaps Instead of eight. We are conscious of having slightly exaggerated matters when a similar mis- fortuno has happened to ourselves. There is uo arithmetical measure for tho duration of the time In question, but "forty winks" — that is " just dropping off," for a minute or two may be generally calculated as four hours. For my part if I lose only one hour of my usunl nine I consider it to bo a very aggravated case of insomnia. Tiie professor of course believes what he says, and we believe him as much as wo can. Sir James Browne's explanation of the miracle iB that the " brain must have learnt the trick of the heart, and gone to sleep between tho beats," as though the professor's brain were a performing dog. - In the ancient world tho records of long sleepers are numerous, for Indeed folks had little elso to do but sleop, but of short ones very few. Arsenlus, the tutor of two Roman emperors, slept how ever so very little that ho computed it only one hour, which he said was "enough for any monk to sleep ;" the great Scanderbcg slept but two hours a night, and the Emperor Caligula nover beyond three. In tho last case this was the result of a bad conscience, whioh even wiien he did sleep gave him nightmare. None of these champion lieawakes, however, ore to be named in the same breath with our professor. Seneea, it is truo, tells us of Mccienas that he lived three years without any sleep whatever, but that was Mecienas's own story, who was not only a patron of post9, but a person of considerable imagination himself. There is a well known classical story of a gentleman boasting of a leap he had once made at Rome, which seemed to be a little incredible. "Here is Rome, hero is the leap," observed a bystander, a praotical suggestion which put tho boaster to shame. A similar attempt waB made the other day in a county court to throw duiibt upon an athletic performance, but by no means with the samo success. A young lady whose profession was that of raising heavy weights by her teeth sued for money owed her by her employer, whose dofonce was that she was incompetent to perform her feats. She showed her shining teeth anil looked round at the shrinking counsel aud solicitors. She would probably have bad ono of them by tho nape of the neck, had not his Honor hastily suggested that an inanimate objeot would he equally suitable for the experiment. A cannon was brought weighing 120 lb., whioh tho young lady lifted with her teoth and held suspended forever so long, then she let it fall to tho grouud with a thud, to prove that it was no " property" cannon. It 1b hardly nocessary to say that the jury, treated to this Buccesstul and gratuitous performance, gave her a verdict at oticc, not "in the teoth of theovidcnce," hut on tho evidence of her tooth. Mr. Itudy aril Kipling has boon expressing him self with dissatisfaction about America, and it has been resented by the press of that country with characteristic indignatiou. " Wo must be cracked up, " said Mr. Hannibal Challop;"wo are a model to thcairtli,and must be justorackcd up; 'our bark is easy,' we must bo cracked up, or they riaos and wo snarls. We shows our teeth, I tell you, fierce." Thisattcinpt, itnppears, & Is still retained by oertain journals. A New York paper thus expresses itself as regards Mr. Kipling : — " He cams Into this country through tho back door like a scullion, nnil went outtinob- scrved ae if ho bad wiped hit boots upon tbo hostess's curtains. A Raj poo tana stripling, who uses the Queen's English liko a gargle, thinks it necessary to put on tbe airs of n London 8woll when ho comes to measure the impact of a people with a continent." And yot thero aro people who aBnuro us that Martin Chuzzlcwit was a caricature. A well known nobloman very fond of monoy used to narrate a dream ho ofton bad, which ho described as tho most delightful in tho world, but for it's ending. Ho used to dream that he was the richest man in tho world, and enjoyed tho position excoedlugly. " Lord L. hns mil lions. Lord L. oould buy up the Continent of Europe," pooplo said, and it was charming to hear them. Then soincono would say suddenly, " Yes, it Is true, ho is rioh, but how did be get his monoy?" which made his Lordship wake with a start, and in a profuso perspiration. Something of this kind has happened to a cer tain "collecting society for working men," a sort of insurance company on a large scale, biit for poor people. It appears from a statement in the House of Commons that the shareholders " received in 1887 a bonus of £399,600 in addi tion to a dividend of 400 per cent., upon their original capital ; " and this notwithstanding that the cost of management is orer two-fifths of the annual income. But how did the society got it's monoy? We are told out of lapsed policies. " The working man's loss is tho com pany's gain." Prince Malcolm Khan's letter to tho Times upon his late so loving master is characteristic. It tells us what tyrants still are. In our " so called nineteenth centry gush" and enthusiasm of humanity we aro apt to disbelieve in the atrocities of autocrats. It was difficult to con- ceive of the little shambling creature that has twice visited us and been fèted and made much of by our smartest people, that at home in Persia he was a sanguinary despot, as cruel and callous as any of his barbarous progenitors ; but those who knew him were quite aware of the fact. He never forgives, and will stoop to any amount of duplicity to execute his vengeance. One of his Ministers, who had received warning of his resentment, fled his country, and might have died in his bed but for the pretty messages and promises of advancement his master sent him, which induced him to return to his native land. One who had lived in Persia and knew the poor wretch told me he was sawn asunder. Prince Malcolm, once tho favorite of his master, and only a year or two ago, as it seemed, at the summit of court favor, is much too wise to venture within reach of the tiger's claw. Like the lady who stuck to " the safe simplicity of tho three per cents" in spite of the most attractive investments, tho late Persian ambassador prefers his competence and a villa in Holland Park to the most splendid offers of preferment— in Persia. He is going, it seems, to publish his Recollections of his late master's court, a much safer thing to do than going over there in person to revive them. To utter words which you are afterwards com- pelled to swallow is thought to be very deplor able, but between speaking and writing there is a great difference. Your only chance of escap ing tho most grievous consequences when you have "uttered a cheque' is to swallow it. A young gentleman at tho Old Bailey tho other day accomplished this feat with such dexterity and despatch that a charge of forgery made against him had to be withdrawn, and a less serious accusation substituted. A capacity for swallowing is, it seems, very useful in certaiu callings, or, as the lawyers term them, " modes of criminal proceeding." In the old days it was cultivated by spies and messengors, who were directed, If taken by the enemy, to bolt their instructions ; in feudal times, faithful retainers were expected to swallow anything valuable rather than let it fall into tho hands of their master's enemies. This was done in the case of tho Nancy diamond now in the Crown of France, which remained for 20 years in tho gentleman to whom it had been confided, and who in the end "cut up," as the phrase goes, exceedingly well A critic in Truth has stated that there aro some people " who conceal their love of nasti- ness by pretending to have a love of literature." This is not a pleasant thing to say, but may be defended on the same ground that Ben Jonson defended the absence of rhyme in his verse on John Sylvester, namely, becnuse the statement is quite true. And there were never so many lovers of literature of this class as there are at present. Of course the old admirers of Tom Jones were not all attracted by its humor ; its coarseness was also very agreeable to nine- tenths of them ; but they did not say, as we now say of Zola, that they admired it for the realism of its style. Our hypocrisy has gone so far in this direction that when anything is spoken of as " embodying tbe highest artistic sentiments " (as is said of Ibsen's Ghosts) we may almost take it for granted that it is filthy. A proof of this degradation of taste is tho multi plication of editions de luxe "published by subscription " in order to evade Lord Campbell's Act. The programme of these works, not advor- tiscd, but sent by post to those who are sup posed to have from 2 to 5 guineas to spare for the purchase of such things, is a curious mixture of research and obscenity. Rabelais is said to have made his book purposely indecent to con ceal its attack upon the clergy, but the editors of these subscription volumes adopt a contrary course, and, while professing to be learned, are simply lascivious. There are recent works of great cost lying upon the tables of our London clubs, which if you do but open remind one of Browning's lines in the Spanish Cloister : — Simply glance at it, you grovel Hand and foot in Belial's gripe. Unfortunately, to name them is to advertise them, but Magna est Veritas, and Truth, perhaps, may find some means of sweeping out this offal There is no doubt that with regard to the late abduction case, the Lord Ohanoellor and the Master of the Rolls have been what is tech nically termed " making law ; " and they haro done quite right. The judgment they over- threw was in accordance with nnoient precedent, but utterly out of hermony with modern feeling. There can be henceforth uo fnore actions for " restitution of conjugal rights. " This can bo hardly lamonted, even by thoso who take the strictest views of the matrimonial tie, and aro Inellned to think that man was made for mar riage, and not marriage for man (and especially woman), for such actions were only brought when tho rift in the lute had already marred the domestta harmony whon the separation had already taken place ; and how could " restitu tion" be justly demanded by tho very person who was (generally) the cause of the quarrel? Moreover, the objeot of tho suit was almost always not to regain the society of tho lady, but her income — a very natural desire indeed, but oue in no way conneotcd with tho domestio affections. Tobacco smoking in youth is not, as some may imagine, a modern offence ; " boys " have been "always boys" with relation to tho noxious weed, as in other matters, and it is half a cen tury ago since the poet of tho time denounced the habit. I don't like to see little boys smoking cigars. They ought to be at home with their pa's and their ma's. So that it seems that they were even worse than they aro now, when the orime seems to bo chiefly confined to cigarette smoking. It is uu- fortunato that those who have set themselves to put down tho praotice seem to know littlo of tho nature of boys. Thoir notion is that if all per sons engaged in tuition wore to give up their pipes, the example would have a good effect upon their pupils. This is the morality of tho copy book ; tho experience of tho master is that not only would such a sacrifice be made in vain, but tho result would he precisely the reverse of what was intended, To do what is forbidden is sweet to, the hoy, but to do what is forbidden oven to his paBtors and masters would bo an irrcsistiblo temptation. 