A STAGE oHOST. In the course of thirty years' ?eperience as an actor and manager in the provinces, I have had some curious adventures, but never one so utterly beyond noy powers of comprehen sion as an occurrence which took piCto at the Theatre-IRoyal, Woolford, just before Christ mas 1872. I have often related the details of this matter to my friends, and it was talked of freely at the time. Of course, every man who heard it had a theory of his own wherewith to account fur the incident which I could not possibly account for ; neverthe less, none of these theories ever satistled me, and I am as much mystified to-day about that strange affair as I was the day it happened, now eighteen years ago. WVoolford, as most people-at least people of my profession-ure aware, is one of the moat important theatrical towns in England, and its Theatro-Royal is visited week after week by the loeading touring companies. ]ighteen years ago, however, it was the habit of Come companies to remain in a large town for more than a week, and it was in accordance with this practice that the cons p any of which I was a memober stayed at Woolford for the three weeks preceding Christmas 1872. We were a strong coon bination, and during our stay in the place gained much applause for our presentation of Shakespoersau plays, a selection of which we put forward with exceptionally good mount. og and acceessorie. There were three persons in our company who excited iny interest in an unusual doa reo. The tirAt was our leading lady, Mish Helen Lattimer, a very handsome clover woman, who was as charming off the stage as on it She was a good deal above the ordinary run of actresses, and looked upon her work with that fine enthusiasm which always tends to success. It was a great thing for her chances in the profession that she had been exception ally well educated, and was thus able to give effect to passages in the great dramatist's works which an ordinary mind would have found it difficult tounloerstand. She worked very hard, and devoted several hours a day to study, with the result that when she repre sented one of her favourite charnacter you stuite forgot Miss IIolon Lattimer, and thought only of Juliet or Desdemoaa or rerdlta, as the case might be. Mise Lattimer, in fact, had already achieved the great dis tinction of submerging herself in the character which she engaged to present. The second person who attracted my notlce was our leading tragedian, Mr Edwald Bovillo. Hie had come into the company under somewhat mysttrious cirum ltances. None of us know him as an actor; he had certaInly tnot gone through the mill, as most of us had; and yet he proved himself very speedily a most finished artist, and rapidly rose front a minor position to the one he oocupied at Woolford. Our manager, if he know anything of Boville's history, caroeilly refrained from sharing the knowledge with us, and we therefo e invented a story for ourselves to the effect that Boville was a peer in disguise who was acting for amusement. That he was a gontloman we had no doubt. He had all the manners and tone of the society which we usually call aristocratio, and it was palpably evident that hlie had been educated as only public-school and university men are. lie was always kind and sociable with the rest of us; but we knoew well enough that he was not of us, and that under other conditions we should not have had intimate relations with him. Bovillo was a tall handsome man of 28 or 30, and I often thought that he and Miss Lattimer made a very fine couple. After he joined the company, Miss Lattimer and he struck up a ft iondship which no doubt seemed to some of us likely to develop into affection. They were a great deal together, and they spent hours on the stage rohearsing scenes from famous plays, just for the love of the thing, I think. But in spite of all this, I never saw anything which ledmoe to suppose Bovillo to be in love with Miss Lattimer. He was always as respootful to her, in a formal and somewhat half-distant fashion, as he was to the other ladies, who, I believe, were half atraid of his "eswll" manners. There was one person, however, who thought that Bovillo was making love to Miss Lattimer, and that was the third of the three persons who had excited my interest. Until olville's sudden advent and rapid rise amongst us, Mr. Charles Molford had always boon regarded as our most promising man. lie had a long experience, came of a family of aotors, and might be said to have been born on the stage. It was only natural that he should very muach resent the wayJn which our manager passed Bovillo over his head, and he did not hesitate to express his resent mont, andto throw out hints about amateurs and stage-struckewells, and so on. To this, however, no one paid nmuch attention, for Bovillo was undoubtedly a very fine and cuapbloactor, and well worthy the esteem in which our manuager hold him. I had often thought that Maolferd was In love with Miss Lattimer. I had seen him watching her with an expression in his face which I did not like; I had seen him try to gain eroech of her and fail, at which times the look would turn to cne of bullied anger. lie was not a bad fellow when you cealmo to know him; but his dark, somewhat sullen countenance did not inspire any one with lcoliuge of liking. Then, too, he was moody and taciturn, and sosmetinmes had ugly fits, in which it was almoist dangerous to speak to hinm. I belioto that old 8:impson, our manager, would have got ril of him but for the fact that Iohlford was a thlroughly truined actor, and is very useful an inu a travellin- company. It was the first week in December when we opened at WVoolford, anti we were to remain there iuntil the 20th, wheniu he theatre would be closed for a few days to allow of preparations being made for the as nual pantomime. During the two or three weeks precoaing our arrival at Woolford, matters seemed to have grouwn very strange betwcen Boville and leolford, and more especially between 3felford and Misis Lattimner. On more than one occasion I happened to come across Miss Lattirner and i elford talking together, and 1 fancied each time that she wis in teors, while L was quite certain that Ise was apekluing angrily and with a sort of poreroptorinesso that ihe lud no right to a?sculme. Two days lifter our arrival at WVoolfourd I overheard these two talking in one of the dressing-rooms, arid caught the linal words which were spokenby Jfelford. 'I shall stand it no lonaguer : I'll give yot twenty-four hours, and it you don't speak then, I shall I" Then he went apbrptlpy away, and very soon afterwards I saw 2has Lattimer leave the theatro: and though she hai at thick veil on, it was evident to me that she had been shedduing tears. I wondered what it was that Itelford wished her to spoeak about, but finally decided that it was nothing more than solao grievance In relation to business matters, of which AMelford, being a peevish man, always had a etocl. And yet that hardly accounted for Miss Lattimer's tears. How ever, it was no badiness of minen, and I tried to dismiss at from ny thoughts. Our play that night was "IRomeo and Juliet," with lies Lattilner and Bovillo us the two ill-fated lovers, itsnd Melford in the part of Tybalt. Tlhe occasion was somewhat out or the ordinary, for the Mayor and Aldesmen of Woolford Isad given their patronaeo, and were to be present in full force. When the culrtain went up there wse hardly standing-room in the more popular parts of the house; and by the time we had ruaehed the hall-scene, and Romeo saw Juliet for the first time, there was not a seat to be had in stalls or boxes, for love or money. It seemeds to me that Boville was some what agitated that night. I had seen him early in the evenmg in conversation with Miss Lattimer at the winsgs. They were not long together; but Isolfeord s'aw them, and a fierce look came over bb face. .le went away, muttering to himself, and I thought that we should have trouble ero long. Little did I guess how it was to oomo. Wee raosohd the scene where Tybalt, re turning to the stage, Is met and slain by R?nmeo. I stcod at the wings watching, others of the comsany standing near me. T)ybalt rushed on, and was met by Romeo. Iastarted to see how real the thing looked. Both men, BIovills and Mlelford, glared at each otheras if thoe quarrel had been a real one affecting themselves. The duel com meaced, the fsncing was superb, for both men were accomplished swordsmen. One ot . the men standin~ by my side remarked how like a real fight t was. Suddenly, as in'the stage directions, Romao ran Tybalt through the heart, and the latter with one glare round, dropped. Borille stood motionless for a s.ceond, gazing at his prostrate foe. A long sigh broke upon the crowded house, And then all of a mudden, one of the girls standinc at the wings shricked aloud and pointed to a stain that was rapidly crimson ing the boards. The duel had been no acting; it was real, anl Mlclford lay there dead ! I have only a confused recollection of what followed. Tlere was no more acting that night, and the streets were soon full of a crowd talking of the awful mischance that had just taken place at the Theatre-Royal. For mischance it could be, and nothing else. By some dire mistake, Boville had used a buttonles rapier. At the crucial moment, he eaid,Melford slipped, and the weapon, in stead of passing between body and arm, had penct ated his heart. Of course there was an inquiry and an inilueet and so on; but everybody aeemed agreed that the whole thing was a terrible accident, and no blame was attached to lorville. 3Ielford was interred, and in a day or two the matter was treated like the pro verbial nine days' wonder. But Boville went about looking very pale and haggard-a great contrast to Mliss Lattimer, who some how semed to have recovered her spirits. For a week after the accident the theatre was closed and when we re-opened, Boville's name was not on the bills, the manager con sidering it advisable that he should not appear for a while. Consequently the duties of leading man devolved on me, and hard work I bad dusiog the next fortnight. However, I acquitted myself so much to the satisfaction of old Simpson that he set apart the last night of ouratay at WeVolford for may benefit. Now, I had always a desire to play Romee, and I was all the more anxious to" appear in that character on any benefit night because Miss Lattimer was an incomparable Juliet. I talked the matter over with Simp son. We were both dubious about the pro priety ofproducing the play again so soon after the fatal accident; but we finally decided upon doing so, and the bills were got out. I was anxious that Bovilloshould sup port me, and prevailed upon him to take the part of Tybalt. Hoshivered slightly when I named theparttohim, but flnallyconsentedon condition that an assumed name should go down on the bills. The night came ; I had a full house and a splendid reception, and Miss Lattlmer wasin magnificentform. The early scenes went off admirably, and after the balcony Eoene I felt so elated with my own auocesd as to have visions of a great carter in the metropolis. Boville, on the other hand, was gloomy apd under a cloud. " Tom," she said, coming,to me at the wings, "something Is going to happen to me to night." I looked at him in amazement. He shook his head.' "Something will happen to me to night," he repeated. "I know It. I feel," he said in a lower voice, and looking round him,-"Ifeel that something is haunting. me." " Nonsense !" I answered. " You're out of eorts, Boville. The Christmas jollities will put you all right." ' You'll see," he said, atd turned away. The scene soon came where I, as Romeo, encounter the fiery Tybalt and slay him. As I stood awaitintr Loville's approach, I suddenly became aware of a strange coldness that seemed to spread Itself all round me. The words, Ilere comes the Eery Tylalt bnck again.' fell on my oars unheeded. I saw Boville advancing. And then-I felt a cold touch on my hand, and a voioo-Melford's voice -whisper: " Not you, Tom." I felt myself held as nt a vice, and saw another Romeo glide past me sword in hand. I caught a glimpse of his face-heavens I it was 31elford came back. I heard the rapiers clash to gether and stood spell-bound. I heard 'a voice behindme whisper: " Go on, Tom-go on," and never ruoved. I was watching something that no one in that house saw' except myself. There they stood, the living man Bovillo, and thoghost Molloard, lighting. Suddenly, Mfolford's rapler went home, and B3oville fell. I fainted and dropped on the stage. When I came round. it was to hear of a tragedy. They said that Bovillo advanced upon the stage, and that I, for some un accountable reason, stoodatill adif transfixed. Boville's face suddenly assumed a horror stricken expression; he throw up his arms and dropped - dead. eaort-dihease, the dootors said. I told my story afterwards, and got laughed at. But whatever the truth of the matter may be, and whatever was the nature of that strange secret shared by Miss Latti mer and the two rans, I know beyond question that my place as Romeo was asRaumod for a minuto by the spIrit of Charles Melford in order that he night wreak his vengeance on the man who had murdered him three weeks boforo.--intamee'"a eournal. 