COSTLY INDIAN WARS. (FROM THE OLOBE*.DmOCItT.) Since the 4th July, 1770, when this Govern. ment began, the Indians have coat the United States a thousand million dollars. When the old Pequot chief met the Pilgrim Fathers near Plymouth Rock, and said, " Welcome, English men," he spoke for 1,000,000 Indians. That was the estimated number of the red race then living within what are now the bounds of the United States. And so it appears that to date the act of disposessing the aborigines has cost 1,000dol. for every buck, squaw, and papoose living on thesoil when the white roon rame rv 5nesu are rouud ngurea, u LtIey a.re vuy close to the exact record. "Three years ago Mr. Tom Donaldson, who is now in charge of the Indian census, made a careful corn. pilation. He showed that from 4th July, 1776, to 30th June, 1886, the Indiana had cost the Government 929,239,284*n2dol. It is safe to say that the four years added to the record sinuce Mr. Donaldlsoi's researches will bring the figures up close to one thousand millions. This enormous amount is about one- third of what the war of the rebellion cost. One-third of the one thousand millions has been spent in pacify. ing and civilising Indians. Two-thirds of the one thousand millions have been absorbed in fighting Indians. SenatorDoo.ittle,ofWisconsin,once ventilated this Indian war business. Ife was in the Senate when it was proposed to negotiate a peace with the Navajoes. Several other senators de. omurred to the cost of the proposed treaty. a Mr. Doolittle told them something about the cost of Indian wars. At the same time he gave some interesting facts about the origin of these Indian wars. What is known as the great Sioux war started in 1852. At that time there was perfect peace on the plains. Some Mormons were driving their cattle towards Salt Lake. Near t FortLaramie was a gathering of Indians. The I military post was there, and the Indians were camped near it. One of the Sioux killed a cow belonging to a Mormon. The emigrant com plained. The oficer in command at the post sent out a subordinate with twenty men. lTis little force went to the Indian camp, and doe. manded the surrender of the Sioux who had I killed the cow. The alternative was that the f camp would 'be fired upon. The Indians re r lied to the demand: " We are willing to pay D for this animal; we will pay you in buffalo robes or buffalo skins." The army officer declined. He repeated his demand for the immediate surrender. The In dians refused. The officer gave the order to fire. The men, 20, obeyed. In 20min. the soldiers were killed and scalped. That was the beginning of the Sioux war of 1852. The r war lasted three or four years. It cost the United States between 15,000,000dol. and 1 20,000,000dol. The Navajoe war was another which Mr. Doolittle told about. For many years after this Government aequired the territory in which the Navajoes lived there was no trouble. One day a Navajoe Indian was visiting the fort where the troops were. IHe got irto a quarrel with a negro boy belonging to one of the officers. The supposition was that the negro insulted the Indian. The latter drew his how and put an arrow into the negro, killing him. Then he tied to his trie. The ofilcer sent a demand for the surrender of the Indian. The tribe refused to give him up. Without any delay the troops were marched out, and war was begun. rhree campaigns were maado Iagainst the Navajoes on this provocation. The fUnited States troops were beaten in each of them. This Navajoe war cost the Government I nearly 20,000,000dol. The biggest of all recent Indian wars was a the one about which least was published. It Sbega in 1862. It had its origin m a coipara I tively insignificant matter. A contractor for furnishing Indian supplies sent to the Sioux agencies what was supposed to be prime moss rork. The consignment was found to consist argely of heads of hogs. The Indians went back on such rations, and took the warpath instead of the souse. Cencrals Sibley and Sully conducted the campaign. They had 15,000 Stroops under theom. In this Sioux war the" Galvanised Yankees," Snas they were called, made their appearance. There were several regiments of these " Gal vanieod Yankees," and they did good service against the Sioux. It may be explained that "Galvanised Yankees" were Confederate pri. soners who took the oath of allegiance and enlisted in these regiments to fight Indians in preference to remaining in Northern prisons. Not being hampered by the humanitarians and philanthropists, General Sibleyadopted a very vigorous Indian policy. .As he made prisoners he selected the worst and hung them. As many as thirty braveswere made "good Indians" by the rope in one day. There is a recorih of engagements with hos tile Indians within the military division of the Missouri from 1868 to 1882. In the recapitula. tion of this record it is stated that " more than 1,000 officers and soldiers were killed and Iwounded" in the Indian fglhting of that period. I Four hundred battles and skirmishes were fought with Indians in the fourteen years. In answer to a resolution of inquiry from the Senate, 1886, the Secretary of War stated the total cost of the troops in the Indian country from 1867 to 1886 hadhecn 223,801,26'450dol. In 1863 and 1800 there was a lively Indian war in what is now the Indian Territory and Okla homa. BIetween 1862 and 1868 there had been murdered by Indians 800 settlers in the south. west. On the 2nd of March, 1868, this war to punish the Cheyennes, Arapahoes, and Com manches began. It ended on the 9th of Feb. Snruary following. lThree hundred and fifty three offilers, soldiers, and citizens were killed, a wounded, or captured in the 11 months' cam. s paign. The Indian loss was :310 killed, 289) wounded, and 58 captured. Thie actual field operations during the 11 months cost 0 1,056,515"57dol. ThIe Mlodoc war in the lava beds cost the army Ill soldiers killed or wounded. The chief incident of this campaign was the nssa. Smluation of General Canby. Seventeen citizens P were killed and wounded. The record which a was sentto the Senate by the War Department says: " No Indians reported killed." r So far as lossesa were concerned, the 1 Indians usually had the best of it. The Sioux war of 1876 cost, for the actual field expenses, 2,312,531dol. But thocampaign was chiefly notable for the Custer massacre. The army loss was 283 killed and 125 wounded. a The Indian loss was only 85. Had Sibley's policy toward the Sioux been continued, Sitting a Bull and other Sioux leaders would have 1 ornamented gallows-trees and there would be no a ghost dancing today. The Custer massacre was never atoned for. The guns which the Indians took from the soldiers are still In their The a oNca Perces war of 1877 lasted three Smonths, and cost 931,320-'2dol. The Ne Perces lived in a valley in eastern Oregon. They Soccupied land whieh, from its exotraordinary fer tility and adaptability for irrigation, is now wo'th from odol. to 7Idol. an acre. That Sought to be sullicient explanation of the way a hostilities came about. Two bad white men t killed a good Indian. Two bad Indians, killed a good whlite man. Troops were sent to the Nez Perces' camp, and were whipped with a loss of a lieutenant and 33 soldiers. Then fol Slowed the Nez Perces war. Genieral Howard followed the Noz Perces over 1,400 miles. and thou failed to be in at " the death." Miles, who is now attending to the Sioux0 fell on Chief Joseph nod his band in the vicinity of tie National Park. ItHe killed s. ix chiefs and a lot of warriors, antl captured t all the others. The wind.up was on 30th of \- September. IIoward came tip with his advance guard just after the victory wes won. t In that campaign 211 officers and soldiers were killed and wounded. Twelve citzens were killed. The Indian loss was 108. The Ilannock war of 1878 was a small affair. d It only cant .id,30"190dol. When it was ended the record showed a loss of 24 to the army, 30 citizens murdered, and 74 Indians killed. r The Northern Cheyenne outbremakc in 1870 entailed a loss on the army of 32 killed and e wounded. No Indians were reported killed. a Since 1882 the only Indian fighting has been with the little esquads of Apaches its Arizona ando New Mexico. For every Apache run down and killed or captured the iovernment is said to have spent 100,00dol. r er (says the fall ,teell ?.:elttfr is a plot d for Gaboriau from reallife. About two years r ago an outrage was comimitted in Canada simri. o lar to one which lihas just raised a storm of fury a in the north. The grown-up ltiughter of a Congregational minlster in the Eastern town. Sshllips was waylaid when goinig hone along a dark country ro:il at night, and was foully as saulted and murdered. When hier body was Sfound next morning inr a mill-pond close by, the pao.,lt.mrrilm revealed the plain iupriiit of two l ingers on hier throat. But the tloigers were not n- acghbours--the point of the middle finger Sseemed to have left no mark. Largo rewards i wore offered; but without effect. Within the slat few months a fugitive criminal from the e State, whvo under an aan li,, had been pllaying the part of minister of the Goepel for seven years in a village in the same township, was found out and expelled. After hle had departed for Australia it was remembered that one of his Sfingers was always rigid, in consequence of a w, ound received during the Civil War, and this Scoincdence is likely to bring him into court on the capital chargeif he can be founa. 