Talea and Skefcbe* THE ISOLATED LIGHTHOUSE. Blue-eyed, golden-haired littlo Jessie wore a black frock, but she was gay of heart. She had not long lost her mother, but she was of the age at which a mother is missed merely like a broken doll ox a mysteriou sly vanished sweetmeat— mourned with an agony of sobs which, whilst it lasts, few sorrows of after years can surpass in intensity, and then in a few minutes, at ' the outside hours, forgotten. Her widower father, for her own sake and her dead mother's, petted her more than ever, and his tarn hiving come round again for service in the isolated lighthouse to which he was attached, had locked up the door of the little whitewashed cottage whioh Death . had left unto him desolate, and taken his little daughter with him to the duster of wave- washed rooks, on the highest of which the lighthouse was planted. Young though she was, Jessie knew that ' the other light-keepers left their children \- at' home .when their turns for the light house oame round, and, therefore, — , 'speciality of cironmstance, even when not favourable, always making the specially circumstanced feel, some wag or another, superior to the ruck of folk of jog-trot fortunes— little Jessie looked down upon her whilom playmates at home with their, mothers. Grown-up people, as , I have hinted — such are the merciful compensa tions afforded by our queerly constituted-, natures— find in the very fact, that they are worse off than their fellows, a comforting proof that they ought* to be far better off than' sneh ignobly luoky poor . , ? creatures ;- but Jessie had.no, . ability or '' ?? ' need for self-flattery so far-fetched. 'The\\. 1 ,! motherless little girl felt thoroughly ' jolly.' If there be a heaven from which fond, self- sacrificing mothers can look down upon the little ones whom it rackecl their hearts to leave,— even though longing for' rest from earthly sorrow,' pain, and care,'-11?; that heaven's brightness mu&t; be momen-; tarily dimmed when they see how soon they, are forgotten by the wee, pets who were: dearer to them than the apples of their, .Little Jessie was as', blithe as a lark. Steve and Alick, who had hailed her father aa ' Jack, mate,' made almost as mucn ot( Her as he did. For other playmates she bad the lighthouse dog, 'Coxswain '— eo called from tha dignity with which he planted himself in tha stern-sheets of the boat that went to and fro between the lighthouse and the shore; the lighthouse goat,' ' Nannikini' which gave good milk,' but still retained, in spite of the cooped confinement to which weather often condemned her, the f riskiness of kidhood ; the lighthouse cock and hens and chickens, and her own black kitten, which the lighthouse men had christened ' Nigger Parson,' 'because it had a splash of white under its ohm. . . ? ? ? ? . , _ I ..Jessie had come to her islet prison/ over a sea— generally very rough — which seemed to-have been,made,,for her special convenience, as smooth as if halcyons were brooding on it. The lofty lighthouse, with its many stories, up and down whioh she had been carried by her father and his mates over and over again, appeared to her ?! ncugaol, but a most, spacious and curiously; convenient mansion, after the common place' little cottage to which she had been accustomed, . ,, ; ;. ; : ? ... -., -The halcyon calm continued. ' The Bky I ? was blue and very nearly: cloudless. It was ebb-tide,1 and. the hot sun had almost dried the lighthouse's .'archipelago of rocks and. rooklets' down to their m&v-; gins, ever freshly: moistened by the lazily lapping water. Steve and Alick were fishing in one of the miniature fiords, which ran up like f an-spead fingers into the Lighthouse Eock. Jack sat on one of the (lower rungs of the wave-warped and verdigrised ladder which led from the . , . rock to the lighthouse's ' front door.' He was ..pensively smoking his black cutty pipe; and watching with fond .' anxiety, re lieved by the sedately affectionate, unhast ing, unresting guard which shaggy Coxs wain was keeping, over her, his little Jessie ; as, hugging her black kitten up to ' ., her lowered, chubby, rosy cheek, she skipped about the grey and black honey combed rocks. Coxswain regarded her gambols with kindly, though half compas sionate, approbation; but there was un mtngled contempt in his side-loner glance at let-out Nannikin's friskings. When she leaped over his. tack, looking very much as , if she meant a somersault.Coxawain had to put a very tight curb upon his temper, to : keep him from .letting his gentlemanlike scorn) :' 'of her unbecoming behaviour degenerate into a snobbish snapping at Nannikin's hind legs. When she snuffed at the sea- weed with which the lock was plentifully strewn, and pulled back her nose.disappoin ted.Coxs wain looked gravely gratified. When she did find anything to her taste, he shook his drooping ears, abruptly turned the other way, and wrinkled his black muzzle into a sneer, which plainly said: 'What better could you expect from a daft body like you ?' The poultry, also, had been turned out.and were clucking and pecking about, finding -very little for their pains, but enjoying '?thoroughly, nevertheless, their sunny ieleasefrom darksome captivity. ; Jessie felt in fairy-hind as she rambled about the rough rocks, looking^across the blue* golden-spangled waters, at the white BpecksVone of which, her father told, her, was her home % watching the. bnstly mouBtached, wet-blaoked seals basking, on the outlying rocks, or slipping off them to awimaboutwith q.eerly homan-like up and side turned faces ; the couucaV auks, itanaingnprighton^ho rockB,^ w»tt fish wriggling in, their bills, or^aflapof theiWajlittk wouM-b* wi»ga, diving in pursuit of (fresh prey 5 the snowy-white, ashen-grey gulls, with their skull caps of black velvet, circling in interseotinjf course, brushing the gently heaving sea with their wing-tips, and riding on it or floating over it .without a flutter, with equal ease. Black through the blue water cut, the share-like back-fins of the porpoises, and, when they bounded from the brine, as if they were playing at leap-frog, Jessie dropped her kitten, and clapped her hands for glee. She chased the little mottled green crabs that were orawling about the rocks, and scampering sideways into crannies ; pussy . playing with them like mice, until one that had been brought to t*y ' nipped Nigger Parson's patting paw. She tried to catch the a wift shadowy little Ash that were darting about in the dear rock-pools, whoso sides wajfe draped with many-hued seaweed, and bossed with tight-clinging limpets, bloomy blue and -yellow peri winkles, and closed anemones, looking like lumps of fruit-jelly. She tried .to pick up a jeUy-fish, and clapped her hands again, and danced with fun, when it slipped from her fingers upon; her kitten'' head, making puesy gallop back to the lighthouse like a greyhound. She saw prickly sea- urchins snuggling in holes, and a rainbow-coloured brittlo-atar moving ita slender arms like lithe snakes, as it floated in one of the pools. She picked up a spotted sun-star, pulled mussels from the rocks.and knocked off three thick-shelled oysters Stuck 'to- gether. Where the blue sky met the bine sea, a little dot or two of white, which Alick told her was, a. big', ship, glided by, and' Jessie thought that she' had reached a spot where the sun ever ehone,' and she could regale upon inexhaustible wonders. ?? . : : ' But before sundown 'there was a change |in the weather. The wind had shifted.and iblew 'fresh.'''' Before night' was' 'ovef/.it' [howled, tlie sea surged with a thunderous ithud against the lighthouse walls, and1 spray rattled like rain upon the lantern. 'A good thing for Sam he got: ashore in time — you'd have: had a longer land-spell, else, Jack/ Baid Steve to Jessie's father, who had just come off duty, yawning and shivering. .,' There'll be no getting between this and' there for a while to come. This nasty weather looks as if it would hold, and we haven't seen the worst of it yet by ' a long way.' ? *:I wish I'd never come back,' answered 'Jack, moodily rubbing one hand across his forehead and the other across his loins. : 'Why, what's the' matter, old chap?' exolaimed astonished Steve. Stuff and' nonsense, man. You've had a good deal to go through; poor fellow, and now ybu're just fagged out. Come along,' and have your breakfast — the water's on the boil — and then turn in and have a jolly. good -snooze. I'll see to little Jessie when ehe wakes.* ; ? Steve bustled about whilst Jack 'lolled listlessly, on the- seat into which1 he had dropped when he came down from his .watch. i: ''' '???',. Presently Steve put down before him-a cup of coffee and a steaming plateful of [ twicelaid. He sipped the coffee and put it 'down again. The twicelaid he sent spin ning along the table with a gesture of dis :gust. :???... 1 . ' I couldn't eat ' a morsel of anything, if ,it was to save my life, but I'm as dry as 'sand,': he said. 'Just now, I was all of a shiver, and now I feel as if I was turning into tinder— regular burnt up — and you. give me that scalding stuff !' He pettishly upget the coffee.and seizing a water-monkeyjdrained it, and then again began to shake like a man who has the palsy.' ,..,,. ???'..? v '...? ?;. . 'Come along, old fellow,' cqaxingly, said Steve, beginning to look, alarmed. ' f.The Booner you turn. in. the better.' ? , ?. '?: ? And he gbt'bim to bed.; ? - ? '?'? ; . t r ? ? ? - ; . : Little Jessie could not understand- why Steve dressed. her instead of her f atber,and lispingly,, scolded him for his' clumsy,' blunders.' ' .. .^ ;'?. ?:,.-' .-?'.-! .-'-..' j'.,' j.' .'.,', ' Dic'lous.'she said^stamping'her little foot, when he had .made some; in a .man's eyes,. very. venial mistake in the;: arrange-: ment of the mysterious tapes and buttons which appertain, to the costume of infancy. It was soon evident that Jack was 'down with the fever.' He had brought it with him from the shore, and his mate's ' lopked blankly one at another ,'and very pityingly at poor wondering little Jessie, who' could not make out why they should want to' keep her from her father.hor why he should roll hie eyes so, and grind his teeth, and fling , about his arms as if he wanted to fight.and ? talk so'f unnily.when she did get to see him. Up and down went the lighthouse ball, in a forlorn hope of getting aid from land ; but so wild was the weather that Alick and Steve could not make sure .that their signals were seen. They could make out no answer to them — and, besides, they could not help feeling that it would be impossible for the people on shore to give them any help even if they knew they wanted it.' '.''.' Lighthouse duty, under ordinary circum stances, would not be a severe tax on the energies of two men, but it was a very diff erent matter, when the man off duty had to keep some kind of watch over a sick com rade. One night ' Steve, who was sitting with Jack, nodded off to sleep. The sick man slipped from his bad, ran up tbe ladder staircases f like a cat, and before Alick, who was sitting under the blaze of beneficent light that was : flashing its rays' over the weltering waste of waters;. could: lay hands ? on him,- he had wrenched open the door, and let in the fierce wind which seemed to-',-yeU' - with fiendish '. triumph as he flung himself over the' balcony-rail. When little Jessie woke next morning, and began her day as usual with a call for ' Dad-da, r dad-da/ Aliok and Steve, big, brown, bluff men though they were, had hardi work to keep from crying. They could not toll her that her father had thrown him aelfjiato the gwy ««* whito boiling chaos la which no living thing could be seen, except a few tiny petrels, fearlessly skimming the' Bpray-8C»ttering create of the most tremen dous billows. ? The men made much of Jessie, and when she had shaken her little frame and swollen and smeared her pretty little face with a wild burst of grief, she reconciled herself to her father's death, even as she had done to her mother's ; clung to the rough hand that petted her ; and when not with one or other of the koepers in her waking hours comforted herself with the company of Coxswain and her kitten. She was afraid to go down to the dark cavern in which, in spite of the tumult of the rushing winds and waters, she sometimes fancied she heard Nannikin bleating, and the cock most dolorously crowing. But there was one more grief in store for her. Alick began to look at her and talk justas her father had looked. and talked. He, too, was down with the fever. Steve had to do everything, for still the winds and waves rushed on as if they were bent on sweeping the. strong lighthouse like a straw before them. Jessie had gone to sleep with her curly head nestled into -Coxswain's swarm shattgy side, when suddenly she' was unpleasantly aroused. Her living pillow had started up, bumping her head upon the floor, and having luted up his honest nose, was howling most dismally. Stove, who was getting very excitable — so different from the easy-going fellow who had .lifted her out of the 'boat and carried her up -the Lighthouse Bock, that Jessie was getting. more and more |af raid of him— came down and kicked poor {Coxswain into the lower regions. There he ,went on howling, and that night Alick, who was his favourite master, died. Steve jvrho, in the course of his heavy lightwatch, {had many times hurried down to look after his mate and see that Jessie slept, when he came down in the morning, after putting out the light, found Alick lying half out of .bed, and quite dead. ' Next night no light flashed from the lantern over the black waves. Steve was fever-stricken also, and wandered about the lighthouse in the dark like a troubled ghost. At last he went and lay down on the coals in the gloomy storeroom. ' Jeeaie, whose fear had kept her awake -whilst he was wandering about, fell asleep, cuddling her kitten, with: her. weary little head between faithful Coxswain's head and fore paws.. Coxswain must have felt cramped, ;t-ut he never stirred, except to lick his ;little protegee's, face, until sunshine falling on it awoke her — the first sunshine that, had fallen on the lighthouse for three weeks. Jessie had got . used to waking with all her clothes on, but she could not understand the sunshine. She crawled to one of the thick, deep-set windows, and saw it spangling the still turb ulent.but never the less subsiding sea. The wind had gone down, the sky was clearing ? she could see the white walls of the lighthouse's little shore colony again. ; Then she telt hungry, and, hunting about, found some biscuit, which Coxswain gravely'shared with her,; but the kitten mewed for milk. .' ' ' She fancied the heard ' Steve staggering up towards her, and crept .beneath, the table, behind Coxswain. When ! Steve did not make, his appearance, she ventured, to look out of the window again. A little fore and aft schooner-rigged craft' was flying over the waters? like a- item, as straight for the lighthouse as 'its pilot dared to steer: : ' '; \ ';?' -\\\ :' ?'? ' ' ..','.'V.!','' ','' ?,:'?'??' Nearer and nearer, it drew, and then with a fierce flap of canvas, put about, whilst a strongly manned boat .came bounding like a cork over the billows towards theLight houseiRock; v ;. ;'?'??'; .A .»- .'!-' ?'??''-:.? '.';;' ' Steve had sebn it -'as well' a's! Jessie.'. A recollection ; of discipline flitted through his distraught mind. . Slipping on his uniform jacket, hejiKufried down to the edge of .the rook to help the, crew to make fast' atad . Viand. . Those who.'.1 meant to 'land having' landed, poor ,; Steve .became violent. They had 'to 'tie' his ' arms behind him, fetter him also with the line flung up 'from the boat, and, so fastened, they lowered him at. last linto it, half !, drenched. .,, .,.;.-. .. ? ., :, ^\\. . . Poor. , Alick's I i corpse, palled ? with - a blanket, was carried down into the boat. Next,: cuddling, her kitteni in :aJ cuddling, big boatman's -'bra* came ? -little- Jessie, scarcely knowing whether ? rto . laugh or' scream. Coxswain gravely took his usual seat in the stern sheets, but once safe on shore, could never again be persuaded to cross the sea. Poor Steve' recovered/ and being'/a bachelor,' made a daughter of; little Jessie, whose life, thank Heaveni was not in the' least darkened. by an :experiencel-.which) would have driven .many' an. adult mad, without aid from, physical fever.,' ? ? :, ? - . 