THE MAN IN THE STREET. Matters have been so perniciously dull of lste that" the fish-car imbroj^lio came an quite a pleasant eurprise, and, '-'H any : rate,tithe m achmstionsof.Bairnsdale andAllariMtean gayi^is all. something to talk,ab6uti"and.from the number- of times the matter bas been diacpBsed in it,.;Mr Bowen's shop bas acquired quito a'tnarine flayour. Tbo try-on was an excellent one, arid shows very plainly -the Ipng'b-.tliat some people/are wiffiDg to go. if a little rstab ' in tlie; back' can- be ibflicted. -DeBpjtetlia': < 'M Brid" autocratic Speight, -whose hurnble pie seems tc hai-e iitfected biH liver, imd despite a good many more peopleiof irifihitely less con; sequence we are,npf gpiDg to: give ,upa profitable branch Of • business,. ; and Sale can, I imagine, jcommaud sufficient influence to put a stopper, on._ these merry but burglarious little games;-•"Bairnsdale, having been detecte'd, now shrieksrtbat Sale is jealous ofjher-,; but Sale, I apprehend,'has got'too much sense'to entertain the- -faintest euspicion that there can be the s.mallestriyalry between rthe places. , It-is^the 'bid'.story of the frog and the ox over again. The parallel is ,a very gbod trie; for, like the frog, the;,place is ;unduly-inflatedi ,'Will Mr Allan M'Lean do a further 'favour and move in i the Houae for a return showing the number of liromissbry-note. formsjsold at/the Bairnsdale post office for the past six months 1 If he will, he will bef the. means of,showing.that the revenufe -ba^Jreceived .a' Very'. considerable addition 'frprn ^this^sbuifce alone.!'"I like to be " in a tale unfold which ^ould baiiro'wiup'.Speigh't's soul. Your amiable contemporary of the Mitchell, whose name I havo for the moment forgotten, iVbas.bad.«o rmany'tities, will no doubt stigmatise all the' foregoing as, being .unchristmaslike," the term it haB already applied to the check put upon the recent attempt at larceny. The idea is.a deuced funny one^J • However, let me wisfi everyone,"Bairnsdale included, a Happy -New Tear. To- day we all begin again—or should, at least, make virtuous £esplutibhs>to turri over a' new leaf, I listened to_a sermon a little while since, delivered, I think,^ but am not sure, by" the Archdeacon, wherein . it was averred that a; , man was always;tbe better.for making good resolutions, everi if he failed to keep them. The desire to be better showed that all was not callous, and Wiete iriuBt be many a stumble in the race of life;. , I. did. a: little in the good-resolution line myself last "night, as., I,suppose everybody did who has any good left in him, and I hope that by this time next year"I shall be none the worse for the fact, and was greatly stimulated thereto ;by an. article wi{h_which I read the Ola nud the NcTv -TZ^* ib. 0,,= of the few Christmas-., presents I received was a prettily bound copy of the "Essays of Elia," and nobody can discourse of BeaaonB better than.dear. Charles Lamb. I cannot forbear from transcribing a few 'sentences; so appropriate are bey to the time :—" Every man hath two birthdays: two days at least in every year, which set him upon revolving the lapse of time, as it affects hiB mortal duration. Tbe one; is that which in an: especial manner he termeth hit. In the gradual desuetude of old observances this custom of solemnising our proper birthday hath nearly passed away, or is left to children who reflect nothing at all about the ^matter, nor understand anything in it beyond cake "and orange. But the birth of a New Tear is of an interest too wide to be pretermitted by king or cobbler. JJo.pnB ever regarded the First of January jvith.,indjfferjance. Itis;that from which all date.their time and count upon what is left. It .is .the.'nativity of our common Adam. Of aireoundB, of all bel}B—(bells, the music highest bordering npon Heaven)—most solemn arid touchirig is the peal wbich rings out the old year. 1 I never'hear it-without a gathering up of .my. mind to a concentration - of all the images that have been diffused over the past twelvemonth; all I have; ^ done ,,or suffered, performed or neglected—in that regretted time—I begin to know its worth aB.wben a persori dies._ It takes a personal colour j nor waB it a'poetical flight in a contemporary when he observed— I saw the sldrts of the departing year. It :ia no.more than what in sober sadness everyone of us seems to^be conscious of in that awful -leavetaldng. : I.-.am:Bure I,felt it, and all felt it with me last night; though some of 'my : compaTu6hs affected rather to manifest an ; exhiliration at the birth' of the coming year I than any very tender regrets for the decease; of its-predecessor.," These sentiments -speak all arid more than I could'possibly Bay upon this seasonable subject, and I shall close with the words ofthe essay I have quoted;—"And now another, cup of the generouB l anda merry New Tear, and many of tbem, to you ail, my masters 1 " May I, Mr Editor, be allowed to pun in a good word for my old friend Mr George Ifeland.' whb opens to-night at the Victoria Hall with a very capable company. Mr Ireland has been known for years by the publio of "Victoria aa an earnest and capable actor, , and ., straightforward, and honest in'ata"a'ger, ; (ind hV deserved support Sale, I ain sorry to say, has got rather a bad reputation S3 far as l.heatre-gomp is concerned, and it should not be perpetuated.What I meant to convey is, however, that when really good companies come our"way they should be well patronised. Touching Mr Ireland; and his company I note—not in a spirit,,I hope of auything but kindliness^ that one' of your ^district contemporaries—probably too much in'a hurry to be frequeutly correct—has fallen into an amusing mistake. It says "Tormorrow niRht the drama ' Potter of Texas' will be produced. This piece is. a dramatisation of the popular sensational drama ' Mr Barnes of New Tork.'" I do not think that a much better-illustration of flip slopiwriting could : be given. It is not usual in the first place to dramacise "dramas," and . in- the second place .Potter is perfectly distinct frorii the mythical Barnes. It is .a jiity that people will talk of things of which "tliej~kriow nothing.- In a -roflont-auubsE-jlfthe Sporting and Dramatic JSews " Bapier" administers' 1 a severe rap to this sort of gentry, ji "An Australian'' .is foolish'!enough "to say that Mr George WatBon is the .greatest living starter of the world, and he says that with the full knowledge ot what Lord Charles •BereBford" arid M'George 'can do. Ii- goes without saying of: course, that Lord. CharleB never started a race, though Lord Marcus Beresford might .have been responsible for some work performed in this way," and as for the other gentleman " Bapier points out that he "itarte3":tor Heaven Bome years ago and haa -not Binc'e returned. • • ' There are some iarrikina about Maffra, who strongly . . need suppression. The term ^'larrikin'' indeed, is complimentary, for they are nothing less* than thorough-paced blackguards, A little while Bince, a Sale tradesman, o? /rather his .horse. 'iwas the victim of what I s'upDose'thev "term humour, for they cropped the animal's .tali, much to the .disgust ofrhis maBtecwho has since,-so -I understand, received abundle containing the hair, together with an intimation that if he liked to offer a substantial reward he^could have the names of the offenders.—Now, this might be; considered by some to be s . mere ebullition of youthful spirits, but when I learn through the columns of the Mercury that an inoffensive lady has bad-two horses similarly treated, I tell you my bile :is -..'-nz. ' Half a hundred; other blackguardly acts have oeen recorded, but the culprits always seem to eBcape, though with anything like real vigilance in-such a spot, it would be impossible that this should be BO- ^Besides, peoplev who do that, sort of thing, generallyboast about -lti and I doubt not'but ,that .,thiir i.names.; are. perfectly well known; The Governmenl mightstep-m, in such a case, send up a detective, and ensurea punishment, which .would at onceand forever, check such brutality as has been exhibited. At present, the offenders- are sheltered, and well tliBy know it. •---.•..,-• '••.;-- • By-the-way, talking, about Maffra, I've beard-no more of that ghost, so I -suppose,that "CrafaBtick" well and duly laid it out 1 But I do know -that ln tia distnct known as Upper Maffra the poDnlation are getting very high-toned. The question of whether Sandhurst should be called " Bendigo " fades into inbgnificaiice : before -the other one as "to whstor'theiititlei of the locality previously m e M should not be " Maffra Uppab," and IJiear that thpi V appah ten " of the district are dep;dedly of opinion that the; former name: is -lop. and .Ihe sother rhigh; Some iave gone so tar as to say tbat they will not take note of- letters .improperly.'..addressed, which, reminds'•me'ofsaGippEland;'autocrat;.who; recently berateda bale tradesman for darinp' to addreBs him as " Mister." How very good it all iSj isp'trit S : As; the man sings in the ; play, " Ain't it sickening ? " li^The . -following' jtelegram 1B 'one which' I read ivjth lutecse interest, and have been panting; to fret a chance of referring to .— I1DIES- ' PRESENTATION", TO MS PAEKELL- ' 1 1 IiOKDOK, December 21 " Amnaiber of lniiea -in -Kilienny have called upon .MrjyPArnelliand.-fresented,3um with a -bouquet'<'; white lilies. '" ^ Ofcourse we all know that.ihe cableacanlie,. bufethis statement has been:repeated so often, anflan jo;,many ways that it aeems impossible to dbnbt Its truth. I have always been taught to believe—and I still believe—in, the virtue; and chastity of Irish women. If it were needed, official records Touch for. the fact, but I cannot belp snrmiaing that the "ladiea " who modethVBingular„-and; utterly ^inappropriate gift ^MpadieB of very easy. virtue, indeed.: TenriMOT^ljusof one who '^ WSS^&sP; 1 * 1 * ^ower o£ a -MamelrasDIe P but* 1 .-! gi-ntliimin who sneaks out of back bed roomSS'ingqwaJibv-means «f:»;,fire-escape,to avoid-plwilr'wwth of an injured huBbnnd. and ; ;tben.3B®aSMiBummatB.::impudenpB?nngs the front^oo*3>ai, and asks whether the man he :IAS-?JN3(I^J:;5VM ATI BOMEK^-«MK-ANRCDVM<IB'- eaia to be-diserviEg of such a coronet; But it ia a mad worldj.and a bod -world. and l dare -sa tbat Mr Parnell took the flowers -and ; leered-^t the jadiea without the slightffit BUS rpfcran of ablush upop bif^colo Balif&eek; 1 To adopt a pbrase wjlich rj»g> JU iny ears, and Much Hiave quoted,ybove, it la not only;; deuceol ungihtlemaoly^Tiut ekceedingl nil Chustmas-like onathe part, of those snobs of Railwa ComtDisiioners at this season of the eartojnsriftthe "bellbottomed ballojtee^,'- wboBoMnfluenceinParliamentisiupposed'to be BO unbounded ^Tet Ileam -with feelings; akm -to horror thatftbe following ukase has been posted up at every station —"Notice -4 Guards porters and nther «mplo pa -are by Hi esjof the service required to be ci il .and' obli£ ing t'l tin 1 iiub.10 *lhe \ ubln are respect tuily : : 'invited :to -;report-at -i.onceso tbe station anaster ,any. anstancea ?»f .jnerajity.ormiscon duct on ihepart^oTSany itnploye,^0 "that t e matter mav tie iny etigated at -tne time If; municate with tbe Iraffic^ jnanagi -Spencer itreet JB Sorder pf the «ommi sioneH J R H JTB^HOIB, Tiaflic Minagcr Ifow&tiii; ban oni be4-egar3ed» theligbf l\ Sa-jdirrrt thrfkt, and Speight .11 d Co Mill ha\e Ao'SriffCT f<&'3t" tietk porter iB^ioiopger^t 'be atiiberByj. toUornigej^moke.-and spitaboul Abe platform, sfjiejs tojBPBak, and speak civil'y". Hbon,*pokeh : to';• -il-lie'is-npt to elau d©V«T?»'ndJgetierOTySihawibiBJiuperinnly. to beat ibuaei men cmntttea-wjlb them u 11c .... CiCfterAffASftiApolitic&lInmintTiesare; 5for.over, whetting their b aks A -writer jiB theKaifoiaiSfarput.the matteriya^jl^ffl andss MrShielscut thegr.oundfromunderthfifeet of theae people - when he read Mr Smith's letter offering to eubinit to an enquiry by a select committee in which any man would be completely protected who formulated t charge. , If the complaints do not reduce them, eelves to the sinallest dimensions, 'it will be a matter of wonder to those who know what a pain it is for. public servants to meet tho shadow even of a man who insists upon discipline." It is a curious fact that^at jthe late Mentone races ,a horse • named. Australian Native was riSdento victory by a riaer?%li6se~ name was Wise, Coming: events ;casii'their shadows before, anil'there may be more in thiB than meets the .eye 1 Once imore A Happy New Tear I CEABSTICK. 