TOPICS OF THE DAY- The difficulties Durrmmding the raising of tho Capo Vordo, appearing to bo too great for the syndicate that owns thu wreck, tho Commissioner of Customs has decided that no further timo is to bo lost in getting her out of tho way. Tho owners havo had repeated warnings that the wreck, which lies right in the fairway to the port, must bo removed without delay, hut huvoalwuysfailedfiomoiie caueo or anot her to got tho vessel up. Thelate.it cfibrU to raiso her having failed, tho Sec retary of Customs has taken tho matter in hand vigorously, lie yesterday signed thu necessary documents before Mr Fan- tun, P.M., giving tho owners notico that unless thu wreck bo raised within three days thu department will step in and havo tlio obstruction to navi gation removed. As tho Capo Verde is an iron vessel, to blow her up would bo n somewhat dangerous piece of work, and would not, it is feared, re sult in a coiuploto clearance without a ercatdcal of trouble being taken. When, therefore, tho wreck cornea under the control of the department next week, tendors for raising her will probably bu called for immediately, and tho depart ment believes that but littlo difficulty will bo experienced in lifting her from thu bottom. Tho Customs authorities nru In this matter acting under thu advice of rhu Crown Law department. Tho working jewellers of Molbourno this morning brought under thu notice of the ComniiiMoucr of Customs u disability under which tlmy labor with regard to manufactured jewellery. Under the tariff gold bangles, brooches, Arc., are liublo to a duty of SO per cent., whilst gold rings havo to pay 4s per dwt. Un set gems Are udmittcd duty frcu. This being so, the jewellers com plain that it is the practice to im port bangles bronchos, Ac.. containing common stone, on which tho SO per cent duty is >nid. Thctso articles of jcwuliory are thou reset with valuable stones, which have been admitted free of duty, and not only docs tlio revemio lose in this way, but tho operative jewellers are deprived of much employment. What they asked for was that brooches, bangles, etc., like rings, should pay tho duty of -Is por pennyweight, and the manufacture of theso articles would 1 hen be kept too con- iiidorablo extent in tho colony. Mr Lang- ridgnaaid thnbhc sympathised with khomuit to a certain extent, and promiuud to go into the matter fully with thorn on Mon day ncxt, if in tho meantime they sout in a memorandum to tho secretary, Mr Musgrovu, specifying exactly their re quirements. Mr Marshall Mooro Lylo caino before Mr Justice .v'Beckott this morning with nn application for a writ of habeas, with a view to getting Oswald Twist out of gaol, iu order that he may he examined as a witness on the Fnlaco Hotel perjury cases. It was stated, in support of the application, that Twist, who is undergoing a sentence for perjury, is i very material witness, as it- wan upon his statements tho present, charges were brought, and everything centred on what ho was alleged to have saul and done, ilis Honor granted thu application. Inspector Jchic, who hus hecn trans ferred from Sheppnrton to Kussell street barracks for duty in the city, has arrived in Molbourno mtd will at onco com mence duty. Sub-Inspector Smytho has succeeded Inspector J case nc Slioppar- ton. A rather important point in insolvency was decided by Mr Justico A'lfeckutt iu tho Supremo Court to-day. A putitinn had been presented lor tlio compulsory KeijuoKlrulimi of thu ustale of Henry J Dtmnisim Taylor, of Kiatn, farmer, and when tho matter camo before thu Court yesterday upon mi application by Mr UiihBen to make abso lute the rule nisi for sequestration, it wan objected by Mr Fennefathur that as tlio time fur payment of tho bill of oxchatigo had not arrived when the petition for sequestration was presented, tlio order must bu discharged. His Honor this morning minouncod that iiu agreed with Ui:k view, and the order nisi for Heqttus- tratioii was consequently discharged. .losuph Barr, a lad 15 years of ago. who resides at .Station street. North Carlton, was admitted to tho Melbourne Hospital by Dr. W. J. Craig to-day suUVriug from injuries to tlio side ami shock. Tho boy whs knocked down by a liursu and cart driven by Mr llmvoli, fruiterer and poul terer, Bridgo road, Hichmoml, at thu in- toraection of Flindunt and Market streets. Constable O'Connor, who wab on duty iu tho locality, at once procured a cab ami conveyed Barr to the Melbourne Hos pital, Tlio onlv arrival in tho Bay this morn ing was tho Diickcntiuld, ateumor, from Newcastle. Tho Jorsanda, German barque, from Christiana, passed Capo Otway early. A serious accident happened to n coal lumpor named Alfred Cnngleton, 25 years of age, who resides at ifuckhurst fitruul, South Molbourno, to-day. He was engaged unloading coal from nlighter at the XViliiiunatown railway pier, when part of the tackling gavo way. Cringle- ton wna knocked off thu plank on which ho wan standing on to tho dock of tho U.M.S. Orinuz, and fell a diatanco of 15 feel. Tho injured man was convoyed with all possible Imsto to tho Melbourne Hospital, where Dr. W. J Craig ascer tained that ho lmd Huntaiucd a fracture of tho baBO of thu skull. Cringloton was admitted to tho hospital. Jlis condition is considered very serious indeed. A correspondent writes Not longngo Oscar Wildo wrote an article in tho "Nineteenth Century," to prove that Ileal Llfo imitatod 'Fiction inoro ofton than vlco versa. Alphonso Baudot's new play, L'Obstacle, now running with great euccoss in Paris, is an astonishing reproduction of tho c.wo of Mr Kitz imd Mihb Watson, lately before the Molbourno Law CourlR. Baudot was writing thin drama while the chho proccodod. For some accessories, ho has drawn on Ibsen's play, Ghosts, which was referred co during thu Kitz und Watson ailair, Tho Secretary of tho Victorian Court at tho Furls Exhibition (Mr D. , M, Cameron), has now received the diplomas and medals to which Victorian oxiiibitors are untitled. Successful exhi- I hitors are invited to apply to Mr Gamoron nt his office iu tho Custom: House. Mr James Styles, O.E., at ono time of Adelaide, and now well-known in Mel bourne oh a civil engineer, is evidently well remembered in tho phiue of bis former residence in connection with his fihare ill tho construction of tho deen draiuagosaod sowago farm works. Writing on tlio subject, thu Adulaido "Observer of last Mondny rayH 5—" In 1871, whon competitive essays on water supply wore called for in Now South Wales, Mr Styles Huccucdcd in obtaining the first prizo. About two years ago ho delivered a lecture on tho hurt mothud of dealing with the drainage of Molbourno. Iu this ho propoundod a scheme which, iu its leading features, anticipated that of Mr Man- Horgli, tho eminent engineer, who wus subsequently brought from England by tho Victorian Government to report oil tlio same subject." Tho annual meeting of tho Vnrra Yurra Lodge of Instruction took place at the Msiouio Hall on tho 8th inst., Bro, AI, 1). A Cohen in tho chair nn the acting W.M. After tho leading of tlio minute. IhcumM huntiCM of an Instruction Lodge was con ducted by tho Lecture Master, Bro. L. H. Hart, P.G.S.D. Tho following brethren were then elected tothu principal ofijcirs, as follows: — Lecture Master, llro/L. II. Hart ; Doputy LccturcMa»ter,Bro. M. D. Cohen ; sec. and trcai, Bro. ,J. Joseph, P.M.: auditors, Bros. K. Abrahams and Ciafucy. Votes of thanks were passed to tho officer for tho able manner thoy hail fulfilled their duties during tho past year. Tho lecture master, Bro. L. II. Hart, was rtquoitcd to accept a I'.-itiinonial, hut declined upon tho grounds that lie had received so many testimonies of their kindness in the past that on this occa- eion he wout'd rest satisfied with tlio kind expressions given uttcraucu to by tho brethren. The German War Cry, organ of the Sal- vation Army there, iu its latest number to hand, t-'iyci portraits of Colonel and Mrs Barker, with highly eulogistic notices of their seven years work hi Melbourne. Tho description is from the pen of Commissioner Billion, commanding in Berlin, and will in troduce many German readers of thu work ing class to an idea of Melbourne. Mean- wliihi Colonel and Mrs Barker work bravely iu the London Prison Gate Brigade scheme. In view of the csrly departure of tho Bov. A. A. Maclarcn, B.A., to take charge of the recently formed mission at New Guinea, a missionary scrvico is to l>e held at Nt. Paul's Cathedral this evening, when tlio first snccial collection will bo taken up in aid of the Mission I'und. Mr Maclarcn urges that Anglican churchmen should take nn interest in this iiehl of work. On Tuesday evening last tho president of the South Melbourne Branch, A.N.A. (Mr P. Cleary) entertained at dinner thu officers and members of the Moonlight Excursion Committee, whoso elhirts recently resulted in an iticrenso of L70 to the Branch funds. Mr Gritliths provided the excellent repast at Durham's Hotel, und a number of toasts Niiporvcncd, many facetious references being made to those of tlio Bachelors und Bene dicts. A visitor from thu Learmoulh Branch, Mr J. Binir, expressed tho pleasure ho fdt at being prewnt nmonuit tho energetic and tak-ntcd members of tfiu .South Melbourne Branch, and extended a cordial invitation of welcome to his own. During the cveniugsnugi and recitations were in dulged in, and two-and-twenty "natives" ueparatud ut a late hour fur their respective liutncs. Miss F. Mattbcvvfl, one of the nursing fiisters at tho Melbourne Hospital, has Hevcred her connection with that institution, having received thu appointment of matron In t ho Children's Hospital, Tho Glebe, .Sydney. Mini Matthew, who received licr training in London, his the reputation of hctng a mofl excellent uurao, bring espe cially clean and cool heuded. Her eovoranco from the Melbourne Ifoepital is very much reurettcd, both by tba Hospital authorities uud the nursing staff generally. In connection with the Kyncton Baccs on St. Patrick's Day, a special train, pickingnp and setting dowu passengers at nil interfile- diato stations, will leave Molbourno for Kyncton at D.-S n.m. and return at 7.5 p.m. Heltim fare from Mclhniimo— First-class, li ; ut-cond-chus, 7s fid 5 first-class (in cluding admission to the grand stand), 22s. After Mr Webb's inaugural address nt tho Melboiiinu Hospital last night, Dr Symu distributed tho prizes offered by lii:u .and gained lost year, us follows:— Prizo for best dissection, won by Mr V. J. E. Zochy- Woinarski ; prizo for osteology, won by Mr D. GlJiecr. A nneri:il nri/o for thu siinu subject wa3 won by Mr Ashworth. Prizo for bandaging, won by Mr !>. Officer. In conjunction with tho pennant cricket match M.C.C. v. S.M.C.C., on tho Mel- Itnuruo Cricket Gromui to-morrow (Satur day), tlio M.C..C. Band will give an open air concert. Tho programme will comprise the following March, Prccosa (Weber) ; overture, Bohemian Girl (Halfe); cornet soli), Una Polka (Hartman) ; waltz, Casino Thiizq (Gung'l) ; lancers, Convent Garden (Crowe); hriuction, Gondoliers (Sir A. Sullivan) ; gnvote, Queen Ciiri.itina(Schmid); waltz, Mnrjorio (Slaughter) ; qundrillo, Mikado (Sir A. Sullivan) ; gallop, Up and Away (Lcron). Mr James M'Mahun, of thu Molbourno Opera House, has secured great attraction for Australia in his American tour. First there is Mr John L. .Sullivan, the renowned pugilist, to appear in a drama, as through out America, carefully supported, iv first- class production; and Mr M 'Malum has also reoured that very attractive play, Tim Country Fair, which is a prodigious hiiccps all over thu Union. It is written by Neil Burgess, who acts a comic female, as droll iu her way as .Sheridan's Widow O'Brien, hut entirely different— nn American identity. A complimentary banquet was tendered lo Mr J. F. Wallmr, head, teacher of tlm Viura Park school, in Ilia Richmond Town Hall last night, on the occasion of his cirly departure for tho old emiutry. . Thu affair was got up by past nnd present scholar who had attended Mr Walker's tchnol. : Cr. Ford occupied tlio chair, nud there was also present, Cr. Wold Gr Gillnian (Mayor of Hawthorn), Kcv. F. J. Browne, Mensra C. 8. Schoelo, G. Alex-- nnder, and several gentlemen frotusurronnd- ing suburbs. After n plentiful rcnast hnd been discussed, Cr Ford proposed the toast of Our Guest. Cr Ford slniud thai' many of the old pupils of Mr Walker enuld admit that they held good positions iu society now owing to tlio splendid training they had received at Mr Walker's hands, and the good foundation that gentleman hud laid for them in their school days. Mr Walker, in reply, stated that ho wan glad to sco so many ot his old pupils occupying high positions, and i rimed thoy would Htiil im prove. It had always been Ids idea to form character in hi tiuhohirn. (Applauso). In his opinion the greatest fault a school- master could bo guilty ot was to allow scholars lo fritter away their tbno. Several other toasti were honored during the even ing, tho enjoyment of which was also contri buted to by various songs. McKira Walluch'n wore, complimented on Wudnoaduy evening last nt tlio opening of thu now Town Hull ami Council Chambers nt Xorthcolc, for the excellent manner iu which thoy havo completed the fiuinos and furnishings of thu now buildings. The second mooring in connection with Mrs Ferguson's temperance crusndo was held Inst night in tho Tcmperanoo Hall, ami passed off moit nucccssfiilly. Mrs Ferguson herself delivered nu intoresting addruu, uud tjovcral pursous signed tlio pledge. Wo have been (inked to direct attention to nn nnnouncomuut made in our advertising columns by Mr C. 1'. Williams, trade as signee and accountant, of Modern Chutnbcrs, Collins street. Wo havo rccoivcd from Mr Hutchinson, of Littlo Collins strcofc, tbo Pcoplo'a Almanac for 1801, somo selections from tho speeches of Sir -Wilfrid- Lawson, -and ScrlbucrV Mngazino for January. Iu tho last there Is an intoresting account of tho African pigmies by Mr Stanley. A girl of 18, described as of weak intellect, is missing from hor homo, Forglo utroct| North Fitzroy. Attention is requested to tlio advertisement elsowhero. Wo hayo received the Gippslaml "Times' almanac, for 1801. Tho band of the fird Battalion Victorian Hangers will aiva their first public perform ance in tho Botanical Gardens to-morrow afternoon from fi o'clock till 5. 