Itetoa. CTATIST CHURCH, N. A—Sunday, November 1, was All Saints' Day, and it was chosen for the dedication of a new pavement of chancel with communion rails- and memorial brass at Christ Church. The«e are in memoriam of tbe late Mrs. Dutton, who was a member of the Obtrrch, and are the gift of her children. The •service, a full choral one, was celebrated by •Bishop Kennion, who, after dedicating the -gifts, preached a short effective sermon. He remarked that some people objected to magnificence in Churches, but he regarded an unmajestic service as unworthy the majesty of God. The Book of the Revelation taught the majesty of worship. They should give their best to the Church. To have a Church meanly appointed was to give an opportunity of slighting God. In the afternoon a flower servioe <was held, the Rev. B. C. Stephenson, Chaplain to the Bishop, preaching to a large congregation, including the scholars of the SundayeohooL PIRIE-STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH.—Anniversary services in oonnection with this Church were held on Sunday, when the Rev. E. G. Watkin, D.D., of Melbourne, preached to larjre congregations. In tbe morning he dealt with the history of the Wesleyan Church, and gave a rimaU of its work. Mr. W. B. Chinner officiated as organist. Y.M.C.A.—Mr. David Walker addressed a well- attended meeting at the Y.M.C.A. on Saturday on the subjeot of "Paul's Prayer." At the Theatre a large crowd assembled, when the subject of the address was the "Demoniac," and the speaker was listened to throughout with great attention. Mr. Walker leaves again for Sydney to-morrow, and will deliver his farewell address to men only at the Y.M.C. A. this evening. ST. ANDREW'S CHURCH, WALKERVILLE.— The annual flower servioe was held on Sunday afternoon. After service in the Church the children marched to the North-road Cemetery and strewed flowers on graves that are without headstones and show no evidence of attention. " The flowers in the cemetery are now at their best. THE CHAPEL OP THE HOLT GHOST.—A large number of people gathered in front of the Dominican Convent, Molesworth-street, North Adelaide, on Sunday to see Archbishop Reynolds lay the foundation-stone of a Chapel in connection with the Convent. The congregation ineluded, besides several of the clergy, many of the members of the St. Lawrence Branch of •the H. A.C.B.S., who marched in procession to the Convent. After the ceremony had been impressively performed His Grace, ascending the stone, gave a forcible address, although he was not very well. He said the Chapel was the •first of its kind in Australia. It had been asked where was the need for having the oratory, considering that St. Lawrence's Church was so near at hand. For tbe last thirty-five years I10 had had the one-absorbing idea of seeing a Church established for the perpetual adoration of Jesus Christ. The idea was looked upon as Utopian by many of his friends, esjiecially in a country where missionary effort required so much bard and patient labour. That day nineteen years ago episcopacy caaie to him, and then he vowed that he would leave no stone unturned to achieve the work. The success of missionary effort depended upon the abiding spirit of prayer, and the idea of tho Church was to have eome one in every hour of the day and night before (he tabernacle entreating a blessing, and also forgiveness of the sins of a fallen world. The venerated saint, John B. Polding, had quietly established parpetual adoration in Sydney in connection with monasteries and convents, but no special Chapel had before been erected. When he found six years ago that the Mother Prioress of the Dominican Convent held the same views as himself he hoped to eee the speedy fulfilment of his wishes, but the hand of God had delayed matters. Now, however, he rejoiced that the building was commenced, and he dedicated it to the third person in the Blessed Trinity—the Holy Ghost. The contractor for the work is Mr. J. J. Leahy. The building will consist of a chapel in Gothic architecture, 60 ft. by 28. It is intended f«r the use of the Nuns of St. Dominic's Priory, and is to comprise a sanctuary, a chapel for the nuns, a tribune for boarders, and externs and sacristies. This portion of the edifioe is all that will be completed at present, and the probable cost will be from £3.000 to £4,000. It will ultimately form one side of the quadrangle of a future priory. The collection on Sunday amounted to £193. 