LADY PEARL. Again there was a silence, Sir Charles more meditative than ever. With . his hands behind his back he paced up and down, eventually pausing before an old sun dial, 'on which 'he leant andlooked the doctor full in the face. 'What you have just told me. Sabdtson,' he said, ' has put a plan in mybhead which I think we could cariy ott, When do you think you could get your license ?' '.Within a week, I should say,' the doctor answered, ' 'That would do. I could. bring you a patient by that time.' " 'What new task have you in' store for me?' 'A very agreeable ?ine I' sihould say--' the taking care of a young atid h'niidsome woman, liberal pay, and no questions' as to treatment asked.": 'You of course, will come to 'see her,' said the doctor;" sneericgly. : ' That :I have not decided upon,' said Sir Charles...'.It is on the cards, that I may leave her enirely to you. .She may find the life very irtlsome at- first, and .if' you are as cleveras I take you:to be. you will soon find a way of makin'.g your society agreeable and:she will be, glad of you to relieve her dulness.' That proposal was not distasteful to the doctor was apparent by the twinkle in his eyes, but he still hung back a little. 'That game,' he said, was played so extensively in days gone by that it.has become dangerous. Who is she ?' ' 1 'Her name is Mary Smith,' said Sir Charles Friarly with great deliberationi, 'She is the daughter of one of my.tenants, He educated her as a lady, then died and left her nothing. Being unable to keep the position she aspired to she went mad.' 'She gives herself another name I' suppose,' said the doctor. ' She calls herself Lady Pearl Faverton. daughter of the late Duke of Blackford.' 'I 'cannot receive her..unless ,all: the forms of the law'.are conmplied'wih.' . 'That shall ibe done, Sabotson. Leave: that to me. The real Lady Pearl will elope about the,same time' . SWith you.?', ,. ' No; with' a. "beggarly fellow :.called H-Iugh Egerton... She will'.idisappear, and then there will be a hus and cry after' her.' Ablout that time M atry Smith will be brouiight here. By; the way, can you let. me. have .a 'sleeping .draught? I am very restless at night.' 'For bo? .many hours?' . ' Can. you give me one for three .hours?' . . . .. '"? . 'For three days, if you.require i, ',i;I will fetch it for ,you-or qiwo ?you ?come in and have a glass of w.ine ?,; : ' The memory of her,' said,Siir Charles, 'as I saw her last, has shut "me out of that house. for ever.' 'You'sqiueamish .!ens' sa?id'the, doctor; 'ought to lead very good lives. It is a mistake for you to sin.' ' Sir Charles answ ered with;a great??and .an impatient gesture and the doctor, with a quiet smile.upon his face, sauntered is to the house; He was absent about. a quarter .of an hour and returned, witth a small ?phial wrapped up in paperwhich..he placed in the hanrds of the,baronet.., i ; ' What is the dose ?' Sir Charles asked, ' For you ihree d'dops;., was the reply, '.two would suffice for a woman '.,,, 'You will. get your, licence, withina w e e k .?' ,. . 'Yes. Any day after,Saturday you may send .my patient :,here;, and ,she, will. be received. ';Thanks,' said, Sir lCharlss, as, he loosened his horse, ':there's nothing!,more to arrange before I leave!'. ! ' Except the pay for Mary Smith.? ".-a ' Whatare your terms;?', 'v Two hundred pounds, a year;whle she lives:." .'And if she die asked SirCharles, droppting his voice 'A.thousand don, ..replied, the doctor ' A death iiin these asylums° iss often the cause of'.trouble. ,,I 'dntlt knT . but that in some .cases ,it ?is;betterto buiry ,.them quietly and.say notihing.' '`'`,. '.A thousand ,down ,we:will say,'said '..Sir. Charles, springing. into.'th'e saddle; 'You will;take myw.word?.". .. ',Yes,' said the doctor, slowly;' 'I w'iill take your word: Writings ii" such cases a:re.dangerous.. G6oo'-bye. Sir Chailes stooptdo',ao i'and held out his hand. .The.doctor stretched oiut his, and their palms.ni'eta. tiheir "j;es exichand ged signlficanit' glances. Then'.the'biars net put spur',to his horse and ro'de "across the. bridge, the iron sgate creaking 'and' groaning as it cldsed behind him. The doctor did not 'remain tdo watch him, but turned'back and .re -entired the house, while Sir Charles rode or' i" deep thought, weighing the pros' aidd cons, the danger and the saifety of'ite, plt' Shichidhe had satched wvithin his fertile braini "" "' If well 'donei" "he- said?-'""a" sure -and sweet revenge. My wife she would never willingly be;-and 'for li;'r f'ejtction she shall be 'brought low-so low ,that shdb iwill crry aloud for the namnie''o'f' finj"h'6n'est u·a1, and sue .fof itlin'vain'. 'Bi't"ii' ?, o ii~ isf to be.done?, I? . wa nt tosls to'.work. wilih- :men who iill do anything for money and oaskeno questions. ' Wheiemirt'e they to-b .got'? The world.iis .ftill of'tlhiet' if~I. nf, ly, siknew where tolday.mo;y,,?ands ..upqui? them, : Patience d:and SballfindiwhattDneed:. j W .. "?hen, am. maon selksinstruments .to work sevil bhe .is seldom ,unsuccessful, Chance, the devi~'torlit.you a:wllsn if he isa manofpiG'iurpose,ttihe.wron ig soto surely carried..outyi .. , m," nI?. ''" i " ::Sir:" Ch'a'iles'-''Friarl~' ,:iding. 'pack .to :Dumbedil~s, wliiliiouglt'h s italciker ti?an murder in lis;:heairt',.,bpen on.u 'ti' see'king .williuig accomplices,'suddenlyfound him. self. confronited :by :two 'yoflng:s'Waithy. gipsies.. with' hanidsnm'e," tiri6eh faces, Haracand .L;analt, thie bLrothers oi Coin-rtyl cella. -: , , ,: , ...-.: .:. : . . They were doirig nothi'g offensive, nor Sdid 'the 'putirpose. an)y wronig. ' T'heyi were simply . lying .on their .backs. ot:.itlie 'sward, and 'as, he 'rode by sthey looked up "and he 'looked down-arid 'ihstinctive!y' Sir Charles saw before':hiin the men he wanted. Reining up he favoured them with's long and steady stare, which they returned with '.interest, keeping their recutibent positions until hie spoke. 'Whho are you ?' .he asked, and what are you doing here !' 'We are only poor devils of .gipsiaes, •your honour,' replied Harac, ' and we are doing nothing but trying if it is possible to live on air. S'A novel experinment for men of your tribe,' said Sir Charles, 'making money is more in your way.' ' If we see a chance, your honour,' said Lanah.. 'And not very particular about how you make it so that the law can't touch you,' Thecy wcre begirifing to understand each other, and both men getting upon their feet, touched their hats and drew nearer to the horseman. ".It is just possible that I mnay need two strong men to assist me with a little work,' said Sir Charles,as he coolly lit a cigar. 'Now, if I should want you, where can I find you ?' 'Down at the camp, your honour,' said Lanah. That's our fire yonder.' ' To the deuce with your camp, I am not coming there. Where could' you be any day, every day at noon" until I want you? Name a place where you can hang albout.without exciting much' notice,' W-::.Will the 'old 'gravel pit, half-way be tween here and 'the Dumbediker, suit your honour ?7 asked Lanah. ' A very good place,' replied Sir Charles. Go and'lie:on your backs there every day until I come 'to you. You can have a pound-a day for that work until I give you something else to do for which you will be better paid, and in case I should not come to-morrow here are a couple of sovereigns a:piece on account.' He tossed .the money to them and rode on. Harac, who had dexterously caught the money, gave his brother his share and turning saw that Countycella had come up unperceived and was standing close beside them. 'You have a liberal friend there,' she said,' too liberalto be a good one.' ' Who and what he is does not concern you,' answered Harac,. frowning. ' You: 'have:your friend among the house-dwellers! so' :have we. .'But you lord it over mine.'. said 'Countycella. 'I 'Ay, because we will not trust them.' 'Do you trust him ?' Countycella .pointed after the retreating horseman with a look of the deepest scorn upon her face, but the two brothers only. shrugged their shoulders impatiently. ' It is a new thing,' said Lanah,. !for a. 'woman of our tribe to question the doings' 'of the men.' ' Am I as the 'rest of your 'women ?' asked Countycella,. passionately..,. !Do' you remember the story of my birth? Was not the sky aflanme in the north thatihight?' ' Av,.it was so,' replied 'Harac, uneasily. ,And was I ever as your other children? Did I ever run by the road; in my rags,.tto beg of the house-dwellers, or in' late -years take to our lying practice of ;foritudielling exceptrio .jest or, :to gratify; a a,oment!s whimi SFortunie telling is'tiot 'all lyinig,' 'saia Harac, doggedlly. 'No, there are women among us who can dip into the future when they choose, she returned .andi 'am one iif them, I have,read your fate long ago.': . W?: hy have you kept it from us, then ?: :asked Lanabh,s. ' Because 'you'are my brothers,' County? cella answered, 'and I could take no .pride;in.torturing you.' :'Torturing us ?' ' Will it give you any pleasure to learn that the great prison built by the house dwellers will .be your doom ?' she cried. 'Both the men trembled as they' looked at her passionate face, and Harac spread ing.osit his hands, said : ',Not that, Countycella-anything but that.' 'Can I alter it ?' she asked. Or did I map 'out your doom? I 'tell you that the lone cell'. without a glimpse of the blue heavens:or the green fields will be yours. 'Theie you swill spend many lingering days 'adid':.ights .that will seem endless until .you close your eyes in death.' . ' You are trifling with us,' hoarsely cried Lanai. SDo?I' Ilook as if I 'jested or lied ?' she said. ,'Did I ever lie?' ' You have 'changed since -the' 'house dwellei won your heart,' returned .Ilaracd, 'you live for !him alone.'. 'As I would have you live: for youi wives,' sthy said,"' whom you beat and make ,beasis slof;birdei' of. Psliaw i and ;yop desceided froth our" kings. My Nesbitt haiTnhever at' angry word for me, never a frown, although.his. love for me and 'my love;or liim bave dragged him down to ,the mireyou wallow in.' 1' P?eace I' cried Lanah, with his hand at 'his 'iwaist. ' Peace,' as: you value your ' I do not fear your kInie,' she replied, '.for my time has not yet come. If you plunged it hilt deep into my heart now it could notalter your future. I wardi you, have nought to do with yonder villain.'.: -' You were ever against our making an hoiesst penny,' 'muttered Harac. ', When. did. you ;ever im'akelori ?'. she asked. "' 'Honest as honesty goes '.with us,: re turi'ed Harac. ' ' Well, said,', replied ;Countycella;, with a bitter laugh,~"honesty as it goes with u's '-limpingand 'halting far behind. ..'But 1. Hiavieiwa'rned you, have nought, todo: with3 hiimm hio ,rides yonder. , The ,seal is isdet upon him, and.he,is doomed;' . "She' turned away, and 'with 'a", free: swinging step.she set'oiit towards tli'?hdis-' tant camp, the.two men.glancing after hdr with irresoldtifli stamped on their faces. , :H'She is;going imad;': said I'arac:;a " i 'The handsome house ':dweller "hs: brought her to ithis pass, muttered -Lanah "She:bhas growvnenvious of good fortuin'e.; wheh.it comes to us.;; ?i;..,:: . ? Wenshouldibe' fobls to turn away :from: good moneywhild it c?am:be had,?for: dio thing.:: We. will ;fake what yonder:'swiell': 'gives.us, ibut we inee'driot do lhis'i bidding.' '-2No H-racn oda km me.) y ii 'aAnd so'w'e'will go to-ithe saind pit ;t6: .morrowLhanah' Io r : ",. ,?:.u , i t:Inruth ie'rwill 'th?'d, for 'fter! hl; ,th ei work :ivelare:wantedfhr: .inay ,b'ei'honest.' :And havin'g filled their pipes andflig'htedr: 'them. wil the iair of ;men defyihg-their, fates :hey ;folloidd in ithe iwalke' of County !Meanwhile Sir' Cliarles ,Friarly :'rode backl;unconscious 'of the s`cene- betwedn the gipsies,; and having given his horse to' the groom:;idn waiting sauntered intoo the garden 'where he found Pearl and Meg, :Dashwood::playing tennis -with yougri Claverly arid the cdlonel, and found aill the rest of the party gathered under the 'roof of Dumnbedikes looking on.:,.?' e -ei fell.in by the side' of Lucy Dashl 'wood, who bad :Lady Ardinlaun on' her left. . - ' We missed you,'she said, 'and wob dered what .cotild :haye\tesmpted you to ride out alone.' "-' Nothing ?teniited',' Ieesaid?' I was driven forth Liy my'melancholy. ? "' : 'Yoi were never considered to'be nisantihrole,' :.' - . '- Have'I mudh to Iake te joyous'now, Miss'Diishwvpolf?' "I suipode'net;"she riepilidd.: Sir Charlds' had niever been a very great favourite withl Lucy, but when he chose he could make himself very interesting to womnen, which is better than merely amnus ing them. 'The soft sad expression he summoned to his lace' touched the heart of the hIonest girl and she felt sorry for him in leis loneliness. 'It is a pity you rode out to-day,' she eaid, in a low voice. 'Why?' ie asked, ' You would only revive a sad time by going there,' she replied, making a move ment with her hand towards Gaunt Hotise. ' It is kind of you,' he said, ' to think of me.at all. But I cannot bs a hypocrite with you. I mourn my wife more as a friend than lover. Our hearts were never united.' As he had confided in Lady Pearl so he confided in her now. He had been watching Meg with her full, rounded, graceful form and handsome buoyant face, and Pearl being lost, it occurred to him that the colonel's youngest daughter would make a very desirable wife. Furthermore, his attentions to her would cover his scheme against Lady Pearl. ' I hope I made myself understood,' he went on, speaking in a low, clear tone that only reached Lucy's ear. ' I do not complain of the past. The mistake was my own. I ought to have made sure of the bond between us, for what is life with out love ?' ' Nothing,' said Lucy, glancing towards Tommy Dray, who was performing in the game, and covering himself and Meg, his partner, with boundless'confusion. ' For me,' sighed Sir Charles, 'there is little hope.. I am getting into years-' ' And.not thirty yet,' said Lucy merrily. 'Come, you are very bad indeed. I see: we must take you in hand. People who, bring melancholy to Dumbedikes must' have it shaken out of them.' ' Your charming sister might do it per haps;' he said, but Mr. Claverly demands all her time.' 'There is nothing au shlieaux there,' said Lucy, laughing, 'it is quite a boy and girl .alfair.' ' And will your sister be my doctor?' ' I cannot tell, Sir Charles, until I have asked her.'. Lucy did not ask Meg first, she consul ted the colonel asesoon as she:could get a few. words with him alone, which -was when the gaime concludedt and .a second set of players took possession-of the nets. " .Daddy,' she said, putting her arm through his, 'I want.to consult you about' Meg.' 'She has a real lover at last;' :""''Indeed,' 'returned the colonel, 'then; wlbho the deuce is the fellow ? Is it Raiden-I store ?' S'No6; he's gone with Lady Pearl, most hielpless''Guess again. ' 'I ai .a?.i''bad .hand at guessing,' the colonel replied, ' tell me who it is.' ; 'Sir Charles Friarly. 'Friarly.!' exclaiimed the colonel, 'that's wrong, and I wori't have it.' -'He won't propose yet,' said Lucy, 'but he's terribly sweet upoh her, and what'I iwant to know is this: Is he to be enl couraged" ' ' ' What does Meg say to it?' asked the "colonel. . 'I don't'know,' said -Lucy, ' I- haven't spoken to her \yet.' - ' •'Perhaps you' had belter get her views Lucy. 'Fiiarly is -a 'good match'-in one way. He has plenty of money arid is a man -of family. I don't quite like the 'death :of his -wife, as it never sounded quite square to-'me, but--Well Meg must decide for herself.' -So Lucy was dfriven to Meg, who on -hearing of 'the doubitful joy in store for her shrugged her pretty shoulders and -asked what was 'to become of dear old Bet. S' He will have to go sooner or later,' said Lucy, ' unless he gets hold of some money. You can't marry a man up to his whiskers in debt.' .'It will 'break bis heart,' sighed Meg. ' I don't think so,' said Lucy, ' but I see you already lean towards becoming Lady Friarly, and I don't blame you. We are not made for a single life,'and what-is the uselii imarrying unless one marries well ?' ' True,' said Meg," and in' point of looks 'I' shall get". a better bargain :than ?you " "','.' : " .. ' '' ':" ':"' "".''';Ther& is' sdmething ivery nice about my: Tommmy satid -Lucy, ' or I should 'iot' hveim ' : " Of course Ithere is,' returned Meg,' 'Well, wh'st :sh'all"I do? Encourage Sir' -Charles a'lit'tle and see how far I should like t6d,gbo with 'im ?'. ' That's about your best .course" said 'Lucy,;'?and if you don't like him, up with"' youir',hel aud go upon another tack, Now go and- tell -Bet that he is hot to t:liher you:too much.' : . '"'Meg did not half like that 'part of the' jrogramme.; She liked Bet, and if' their prospe'ctodf inarrying hadi not been a h:pe'c le'ss one she would have 'been as true" as steel to him,-biit she had more sense than some women who wait for a man fifteen or twenty years and wvhen they get him find: out what they .might have known at first' -that hhei was but a poor mortal witlia :fraiities and sins'; a .bad temper perhaps,: andd'.:it may ,be with a tight hand over 'money. 'High'land above all else for the chilling;' obflove 'commend me to a miserly dis position. A :spendthrift one is to be shunned, but a close, grasping one merits' abhorrence, and there are not many 'women who could calmly endure it, .Hot' words and:ill-usage they will bear,,but the miser's meanness-never. . 'So Meg went to Bet Claverly and told 'hin to throw away a cigar he was Srimok: ing and come with her into the shrubbery' where she had something importantto tell Ihim. .,' Is it very important ?' he asked,- ,.,for this is a very-nice cigar. ': I ...; o-' ! a i':You canno'hkiss me if-you iare sm'bk 'ing;'fsaid Meg; * and, to-lay. ybu'iil' hav.e to kiss.i me for the last time.' ' .'.By George I'! exclaimed Claverly, tiyou 'are joking,are you -not ' ?' - -" . , ,,.-';? 0 :'. Nd Bet,', 'said :Meg, ivith" tears:" in'"'hei' teyes,' I'm in'a downright serious, earnest, muood,'and .you:will see that it is all .right if:you-'will codme with me,' "He' tossed away his cigar and they "sauntereiluinto the shrubbery 'to a rustic seat, where they sat down, he putting his arm :round her waist. : '4'Now .Meg,'.he said, "wvhat is it?':. i ' 'i''Well, Bet,. dear,'. she replied, 'you knew we always settled that -we could never, marry each other, -bothl being so poor." ,:,' ": . ; - SThats.itrue, Meg. .' . . ,. i S'And if we ever married'I was to look: out for a man with money, and you were to imarry a merchant's daughter who could ;bring you cart-loads of gold,' : .". ',But we always talked of such things as if they were far away, like old age, rheu matism, and spectacles,' said Claverly. witli a wistful look in his handsome eyes, ' and :I ,don't know that I have ever seriously looked forward to parting with you;' ' ' That is what you ought to have done,' said Meg, ' and then you would have been prepared.' 'But what is up Meg ? Who is it that's come to part us.' 'Sir Charles Friarly is about to honour me with some preliminary attention, and in due time will propose.' ' Has he told you so ? ' No, but Lucy can read men just as we do the advertising placards at a railway station,' 'And believes in both, perhaps,' said he grimly. 'No Bet,' said Meg, 'she does not believe in either, perhaps, but she takes them for what they are worth.' ' I don't like Friarly,' said Barnet Cla-: vOerly; j ' h'e's got something 'under that handsome face of• his which would lead me'to stop a sister of mine, if I had one, from marrying'him' m 'And you would stop me, perhaps, Bet ?' ' Ay Meg, and I'll have a try at it.' 'No, Bet,' said Meg, shaking her head seriously. 'that' won't do. You are a biassed person, and must not come be tween me and an honest offer. I love you very much, but it would be wrong ot us to fool away all our young lives in hopelessly dreaming of what can never be.' 'It's a horrible thtng,' said Barnet Claverly, with real sorrow in his face. I know that I am a thoughtless ass, a spendthrift, and a shallow-pated thing, but I've a heart. and I've given it all to you Meg. But of course I never was so unreasonable as to hope that you would care enough for me to--' Here he fairly broke down, and bowed his head upon his breast to hide his honest tears. Meg's little heart 'was wrung, but she was sure that sentiment: would be the ruin of both; and held up her head, stoutly. 'After all, Bet,' she said, ' nothing may come of it, But now that 'Sir Charles has thrown a hint I must give him his chance. Perhaps :if you went away to town and-had a little pigeon shooting-' ' Oh, don't talk in 'that way, Meg,' he interposed. :'A man with a heart as full as mine is now, 'could not -thisik of that beggarly sport. Well if it is to be, it must be, but I' never felt how mad and foolish my cursed extravagance: was until now,' 'No retrenchment would put you right, I suppose?' :said Meg.' 'Not a bit of 'it,' he' replied; I have inothing 'to retrench' with. At,the present moient I am :living by borrowing of one: Jew to payi aother, and' the only ray of light in my dark 'future is the assurance that I shall let them :all 'heavily in and make some" of the" beggars dance with' fury. ::Tiey've robbed me, and now it's my iturn, Meg :put her arm round his neck, lifted his face up, and kissed him. ' Poor:Bet,' she said ; ' so very foolish. I see the'e"is no hope. You know what to:do ivo?' . : SYes,' he said, leave here at once, and lput'.:head .under the first waggon wheel th't- comes' rolling near me.' Y': ouare "getting quite shocking in your talk,'said Meg. ' If, you were to do that; how could I come and kiss you and weep over you?' -'.You think I am' not serious, Meg ?' 'I I'know you are not. You are too sensible; Bet, to take revenge upon what cannotibe'helped'by spoiling your hand some face with a wheel. 'No,. hold up, and' you will get your lady with her cartload of gold. Then pay off the Jews, take a small country seat; and make a sober country squire of yourself.' But, notwithstanding his way of speak ing, he was very serious. He had never known how dear Meg was to him before, and the prospect of losing her had roused his thoughtless mind to action, and made his heart ache as if a dagger had pierced it. She had never looked prettier than she did at that moment with her fine eyes dimmed with sorrow and her rosy lips quivering. 'You girls are awfully sharp,' he said, 'but I do hope you ure mistaken about Friarly, Do you think we had better part ?' ' We must, Bet.' ' And haye no more pleasant chat together-no more quiet iompis--': ' No, all.must.be' given up,' said Meg, Sand-we must6go our different ways. Sir Charles's' set ' and :'your set are cjlite distinct, ' so we'. shall ' not be running against each other, and recillingthlia.t which had better be;forgdtten:'; SYou talk las ifit was :already' settled,' he said,' bitterly.. ' ' It its as good assettled,' replied' Meg;' . ucy i's never mistaken, Good bye,:dear' She' stood':up and' held out her twio hiands to him, and he, ,rising too, held 'them in his, holding them with a trembo: ling grasp that was strangely at' variance: with his usually confident manner. Barnet Claverly .was renowned in his regiinent for 'his coolness, and to have: seen him so ruffled as he was at that mo ment- would have 'excited unbotinded" astonishment in the bosoms of his martial' brethren. 'MsMeg;' he said, 'good bye.' He drew her towards'him and ,put'tan arm about her, holding her cl se to' his' fast-belating heart. He lookled "down' ono the large, blue 'eyes, the 'ripe::li'ps, the; pretty, straight nose, the wealth of golden: hair as things which he loved' miich but must'perforce lose foi ever. ' With 'all.;his'recklessness, "he was not, ,utterly bad, 'or he might 'have; said more to her than he 'did, but for 'the time. at, least hiodotiur"eld sway over him', aiid lie' :i'id n; o thoughlt unworthy'.of an: hionesti .man. -('Good bye,; Meg, if it mut be, 'One And only ne,' she miirmured '.' Their faces met and the one kiss was talken.but he would not let go, .and slie bstrove' hut 'feebly 'to relea~'e herself froin thdehold thathad its' strengthi'ina love now' forthe first' tinie awakened;? i boih tlheir? hearts. . "' . . . 1CH"ER cIII Bil the: iarting :imst needs d.dome;' anid Barnet Cliverly and'Ieg"? Dashwood' hd: to hearken' to. 'te ivoice of discretion. Living 'on' nothinrig a "'year,. was a 'tthiig neither could have endured, and after' i0o many kisses for people' who were never to love, or to think of each other again, they parted and went back to the lawn by dif ferent routes. Whern they rejoined their friends none couiild have guessed the truth about that sweet ;et' painful interview in the shrub bery.:.Lucy had seen them go thither,: but she thought.thit Meg would.only say, 'a few needful words and dismiss her lover,' and that he would accept the dismissal 'in' a philosophical spirit. Apparently he did so. ' No man 'could have been less unruffled than he was out wardly, and he played,a second game of tennis with his accustomed coolness and skill with Lucy for a partner. But after it was over he went to the colonel and said he was very sorry to be obliged to go away that.night or early in the morning. An important family matter called him away. The colonel had 'been coached by Lucy, and he was not very pressing him in urging him to stay. 'We shall see you again no doubt,' he said. ' I.don't think I shall be able to run over this year,' Claverly said, ' \eli, we shall see you next season in town e 'I hope so.' Barnet Claverly hoped, yet had no real hope. He knew that he had come very near the end of his tether and that ere another season came the Philistines would in all probability be upon him and he be re'egated to the limbo of the men who are 'stone broke,' to fall in the gulf of poverty, to starve, or die, or do anything but trouble forgetful society again. He made no fuss about his going, but told his man to pack his trunk and get it to the station by nine o'clock in the morning, and he would have an early breakfast and walk over. 'Of course Meg is right,' the said. ' Love is a very pretty' thing, but a man and woman to keep it must be fed. Poor. Meg I she is a sweet little thing and will be miserable with Friarly. But she will get her carriage and be able to run up 'her milliner's bills. I :hope she will make' them heavy. He dined with the guests that night, but after dinner he stole away, and with half.a-dozen cigars in his pocket sauntered down to the far end of the lawn, where be walked to and fro, listening to the merri 'ment inside Dumbedikes. They were very merry that night. He heard Pearl's rich voice as it floated out of the window towards him upon the .still air, and although he had .no love for her it thrilled him, ss it did others, and set him dreaming of what he was and what he might have been. It was a sad line of thought, and so few of us that reach middleage without indulg. ing in itl Barnet Claverly thinking would have been judged something phenomenal' by his friends if they could but have looked upon him. Men are so ready 'to be guided by the outward demeanour and so seldom look within. After Pearl's voice had died away Meg began to sing. She usually chose lively airs, but this night she sang a sad one: about the parting of two lovers, and Claverly, drawing near enough to see clearly into the room, saw her at the piano: with her head slightly bowed and her face turned away from Sir Charles Friarly, who: was in attendance upon her. ' And yet she will marry him,' said the' guardsman, bitterly. * Well, it is a choice of two evils-love and poverty, or riches and discontent. Which is the lesser evil, I wonder ?' He went back to his old post and walked up and down smoking until he saw the drawing room was empty of all but the colonel and two or three other men; then he stole away to his room and buried his sorrows in sleep. In the morning, before any ,of' the guests were down, he was gone; Meg had somehow got to know the hour of his going, and saw hinm from behind the curtain of her room saunter off as :non chalantly as if he was going to a morning parade. He never even turned to look back, or halted, and when he was gone she sat down iad wept as she had never done before, and was weeping when Lucy came in. ='This won't do, Meg,' she said. We shall have you as pale as our family ghost.' 'I shall not do it any more,' replied Meg, as she dried her eyes. ' But he was worth a good cry, wasn't he ?' 'I think so, Meg, and now you have given him his due think no more about him. Sir Charles was very decided'in his attentions last night.' SBut I can never love him.' 1 O course you can't; but it is ten to one if you do not get on the better for it. If you don't love him you won't worry him as his last wife did, He is a man who likes to go hisoown way. _Have 'yoa seen Pearl this morning?' 'No.' .'I have 'been into her room and she was not there. .I thought I nmight`find her here.' I .,'.She is out perhaps.'.. 'No doubt-but why out,,Meg ? Whom has she to meet ?.Both Sir Charles' and Lord Raidenstoreare in the, house,-.and there is no ody else= '!You:don'it hink that she and Bet ha~e Ibeen cary'ing ..on quietly,,do you ?' As Meg breathed this suggestion she looked very' pale and her lips twitched angrily, but Lucy lauighed heartily . at the idea. ' Of course not, child;';she said.. 'Pearl was;never madefor Bet, nor Bet for Pearl. There is somebody coming from the wood by the Cells. Who is it ?' .AA woman.' 'Sure enough, and Pearl.for a guinea. Now what on earth can she have been doing there?' "Meeting somebody,-: ' 'But whom ?' .. 'That, Lucy, .I must leave to your superior wisdom to find 'out.' It was Pearl 'indeed, and she came back with the 'flush of health upon her cheeks, and on ,being rallied by Lutcy admitted she had been for a charming morning stroll, but said no more. Lord Raidenstore had not quite given up all hope of being successful in his suit -with Lady Pearl, but he had received so little .encouragement that he had kept :himself quietly in the background, watch ing the progress that Sir Charles made. Now that the baronet for some bidden reason had' retired Lord Raidenetore thought he might advance. But prior to making, a move he man reuvred arourid the colonel so that .an ir. vitation was sent to-the Duke of Blackfern, wvho-came 'and filled up the gap .,the departure' of Barnet Claverly' had, made, andiPearl within three days liad the joy of seeing her brother near her ag.aiin,. IIe looked pale and: worried, ,which' Pearl charged to:'the' f'atigue :of:an? ekx tended season, and she hoped sootn'to. see the cotintry bring bick the oldfhealt? ' , declare, Melville,' she said, 'that; you look five and .twenty.' 'I feel fifty,' he replied. The fact. is,. Pearl, I've :been going the pace and I want to pull up, but I don't see how to .do it. • I've only just started a stud of horses;, and it would look foolish to leave; the turf before I am fairly on it.' ' I am sorry you have been led into that, Melville. The turf never brought any good yet to horse or man. You remember what our dear father used Ito say about it ?' 'Yes, yes; but he lived in a sl6wer time. Anyhow I am glad I,' am ,fiere for I shall get a little rest. I-Ioi' are you getting on,? How many lovers hdve you ?' Pearl could not'keep the colour:'from' her cheeks,' but she answiered '' wivith tolerable composure : 'None here,' she said. ' Why don't you give Raidenstotle a little encouragement ?' said the 'duke; 'he is a thorough good fellow and is awfully in love with you.' 'I do not think I would care to marry Lord Raidenstore,' Pearl replied. ' Don't marry anyone against your will of course, but at the same time don't let your season go. I know that Lord Ardin laun is anxious to get hack to Scotland, but he won't go until you are settled.';: ' Until I am settled?' She sighed as she echoed his word., and he looked at her with surprise stamped on his carewo-n face. He was not much of a ladies' man, and 'hadlet love matters go by with him, but he had an instinctive knobledge of women, and made a shrewd guess at ,the truth. 'You have been falling in love withi somebody,' he said, 'and' there is an obstacle in the way, Who is'it ?' " She put her hand pleadingly obn his shoulder and hid her face. 'Selfishniess had taken root in him, but he loved his sister and was keenly -interested. in "her welfare . Holding her hands in;pne of his he stroked :her. hand twith the other :as he urged her to confide in him. SWhoever.it is,'. lie said,,' tell ithe truth, and the whole truth, to me'.' I can' guide you' alittle perhaps.' ' But you will be so very angry, she urged. ;,;. ~ . 'You are mistaken, Pearl, I shall not be angry with you. Who is the man ?'. !:Do' you rem'mbher Hugh Egertont?' she asked, in a low.tone. "I do,' he replied; 'istrange sort of fel low who hias mysteritously .disappeared from, all civilised ken. ,,He: is: not ;your lover ,surely,?' 'Obh, Melville, iPearl'replied, ',I I'love him very dearly.' ' I had ino idea of it,' said the- duke, gravely; ' ;'yout were so 'seldom seen; together.' : ' But we habvemet, and he told me that he loved me.' ,'Just before going away, and leaving you to pine over his absence.' :' No, Melville; he is very near:me. I::!'In your thoughts?' 'No, here. I see. him daily. I saw him this morning.' ' Pearl,' said the young duke, sharply,' '.what is:the meaning of this ? He is not in.this house ?' :.!I knew you would be angry with me,' she said, wearily. . 'There, I am not angry with you. Come and sit down.' 'They were in the garden,' where they had met an hour after the duke's arrival.; It was within a short time of the dinner, ,hour .and they were alone. Far away over the plain the sun was sinking, and there were quietude and rest in all.things save the palpitating bosom of Pearl. 'You must make no reservation in this' matter,' said the duke, when they were .seated, 'and I swear to you that I will advise What is best for your happifiess alone. Where is Egerton hanging bout?' ' ' He is linked in some mysteridus way with a tribe of gipsies who are-camped out yonder, and he is with them at present.' ' Another mystery. And how does he account for his presence there ?' 'He has not accounted for it at all,' Pearl siid; !Nor have I asked him. I. believie. he is there in the interest:, of another.' ..'You have been meeting him in secret thei?' -. .'Yesi Melville. How ,could I. meet him etherwise ?. I love him so dearly and he is so unhappy -' 'Pearl,'--said the young duke, sternly; I-would rather have seen you lying dead than have heard the story you have', told m'e to-day.' Hugh. is 'honourable and: true,' said Pearl, with flashing eyes. ''Come with me and see him, Hear what he hias to:say in his defence.' :- ' 'He can have.no real defence for his 'o6fduct,"Pearl. No miiain cai be honour 'able whivho lures; one of your birth 'and position to meet him in. secret and so compromise herself in the eyes of. all.' You :judge 'him harshly and ;me un kindly;' SWho' is this 'man; "and what his he 'doing' with ithose 'beggarly ,people ?' asked the duke,; hotly.-: ' If he is what :we; have hiitheito taken him) to;ibe how comes' it that he is hiding with a race of' tramis, who.are a: pest ,to respectable people;? You'i hbav forgotton' )ourself `woefully, Pearli, and'? tobmorrow:"I :shall take you ':You: will not. do,:that, !Melville,' she Isaidi:pin alowitone.:. : . 0 ' But I will, Fifty excuses can;:b'e found for our going,',he replied, 'and if you come with me now.I will keep your secret. If you refuse I 'must confide in Lord Ardinlitin; who will use his authority :as'a,giuardia'n . : ' And.thilsis .acting for my happiness,' said Pearl, bitterly. i:I am cruiel to'be' 'kind;! the i duke re joined, ',I have been deceived,, you have been .deceivediin this -Egerton. tHe is;an adventure'r, a.sliarper, for all I know, and to be allied to him .can only bring'disgrace on'rus both.'- . . ' You do not'knows him,' 'I know e'ough'to :perceive that he hias been scheming 'to, win you;. and has suc' ceeded, 'You are buta child in the ways of the world, a bird leasily' lured iby ?this cunning fowler.. -Pearl, as you live me, as you value the honour ofour.name give tip all thought of him,' ' Icannot do it now,' she cried, lasping his arm, 'Melville, you ;cannot separate us, you must not. ' But I ?vill,' he said;lunle'ss -' And then hepanused,: and; looking 'into her eyes saw something there that wrungi a cry, rom is very heart and made him leap to his feet 'I have'iiegldcted ijmy tiust,' he groaned 'and it has come to this. VhileI .have been squandering wealth,and peace aid j health you have;fallen intocruel hands.' 'No-kind, Melville,' she cried. 'Huighi loves me,. I-Ie would lay dowi his life for! T~'T6T'edld st6iry, "mu'ttered the duke, 'but for all that you must away to- riidrrow.v You.must never meet again .., i :Siel"sat still svith'her eyes fixed before, her,and answered himino miore,?vhile'.he,i wiili a dogged' resolut,e face paced upand down for awhile, and at last strode angrily away, :Pearl :still :kept her,seat uncon Scious of.an eiger face and'. l air o.f dark eyes watching her from biehind the screen of a laurel bush .close by. It was the face of Sir.Charles Friarly,y C- CHAPTER XIII. A smiall pivot suffices for a large wheel to turn upon, and currents are turned by a few sticks or a' handful of straw. So with human lives. A thought, an act of ours 'ith .no apparent force. may change t(he' course 'of our existence, break or ceinent anlove,'destroy or strengthen holy ties, and make or mar the happiness of many... . '- Lord Raidenstore wanted help in his suit with Lady Pearl, and he sent for her brother, who of all living men promised to give him most help. The duke came, and a flushed face and pair of drooping eyes led to a confessioa which drifted the once loving brother and sister asunder. The duke had the pride of his race and the ordinary prejudices of men. I)eath was preferable to dishonour, and lihe looked upon the trespass of a woman as a thing never to' be forgotten or forgiven. Men's sins are things.writlcn upon a slate to2 beexpunged at will, the errore of women are graven on a rock to remain as a lasting. record and a warning.. Peirl'had sinned deeply and horriblyin his eyes, and was no longer worthy to bear his name. But at any risk the sin must be hidden from the world. Her transgres. sion: against the laws of society must be buried so that society knew nothing of it and could not mark the spot where it lay. With regard to Hugh Egerton, he had but one thought-he would kill him as sure as .there was a sun in the heavens, he would hunt him down and beat him till he died, or lose his own life in the attempt. But first he must get Pearl away from this neighbourhood. She must be taken back to Scotland or to the Continent, so his world might never .know her name. He.could nriot do it alone. At all risks he rmust now confide in Lord' Ardinlaun who could be trusted to act diplomatically so that his whif' would.know nothing. 'This immovable barrier must be kept from, the women,' the duke said to him. delf;f' lor it's not in their nature to hold a secret.' ". . He spoke in- ignorance. There are more secrets kept by wwomen than are dreamt of in man's philosophy. The real secrets of their lives they never tell, and they keep the secrets o .others-when they choose. :Lord Ardinlaun granted the duke an immediate audience, and -was immes. surably shocked by the tale that was pas sionately poured into his ear. He had good, sound Scotch ideas of honour, and the fast.and-loose game played with morals in modern society was repulsive to him. ,'Is there no mistake?' he asked; ' could she have been jesting with you ?' ".' No,' groaned the duke, 'she was.,ter. ribly in earnest when she told me-ri of meeting him--ALONE i ,Bad enough to .meet him anywhere--hbad enough to know him at all;,but. to. steal out and-it is horrible . -' .. !. I: always -.gave: her;:credit. for 'sound, honest pride,' said Lord Ardinlaun. .'- She may have it,', returned the duke, :'.but it has fallen;before the power of this Egerton. Will" you take her away:to morrow.?'. ..:!. Ay, surely, Melville.: Butrwhat excuse can I make to Lady:Ardinlaun?' ,' Imust'leave:that to you.-'-: . ,. . I'll tell ridlie,- I'11 'say its 'imperative :that, we g,; and' leavehlier to think what she pleases-and sle'li think until she is pretty'near thed:hark',' Melville.' -; ...' Say nothing: until the morning,' said ithie duke;, --' Youi- arersure- to have some letters, Then ..tell the Dashwoods you must leave, and they can infer that you have been summoned away.' : : ;-. :- - . TO- BE CONTINUEDl.:. : . 