Sydney Hying Squadron Yacht Club. -m i:^ NotwithBtanding the very unpropitn.onBsta.te of ^#311 weather at midday on Saturday a large number ':'#L ';M ladies and gentlemen proceeded by ^the ; steamers' -p Admiral and Lobelia from the -Circular Qoaj^SLI^ the Double Bay jetty respectively to Cla^ Islan4^l| the grandstand of the Sydney Mymg Squadron 'S?acht^ Club, to witness the third race of this eeaaonil ;| The management is to be complimented upon^:thoy| punctuality observed on this occasion, particularly :Sn||I| regard to tie Btartinsr, which in no small degree added ^ to the interest shown by the speciators, who wero ^ not kept waiting any length or tima between ^e^a| heats, and consequently their concern in ^epre-- j.S oeedings was not allowed to become dejected.' Fibuv^p a Bailer's point of -view the afternoon iraa '-aHI^&SS;^^ most suitable. The wind was very Ught from tiSe; ^1 south-east, and at times aftnost eahn. However, ? thanks to the starter gettingShia boats away to iuac .' the two heats and the final were finiHTtied fairly-early* ' -: The course was the usual triangular .one Uoio. ' Clarke Island round ' a flag moored .off Chowder, , round the buoy off Shark Island, and back to the ' Btarting. point, about' three miles in all. By a few \ \- this course is considered only a straight sailing one ; but such iB not the case, for some portions of it require a considerable amount of ' working.' - Intha^ '?}, final heat the Lilian started on her own aooount and came in before the Regina, and elaimedthe prize otf the ground that the Eegina bad not her colors' on1 - both sides of her sails. The protest. was dismissed - by the committee, for the rule dealing with the ' matter reads, ' All boatB must- have colored sails, in design of moons, half-moons, crosses, stars, and striped sails,'.', but there is no mention of the designs being placed - on both sides of the sails. The following will show - the results : First heat.— Entries: Booralie 24ft, E; Banks, Ifmin; Kattanook 26ft, Mark Foy, lfmin; Gazelle 24ft, G. Newton, l£min; Lilian 22ft, T. Leaeb, l£mm; Violet 22ft, W. Eeid, l|min; Eegina 24ft, George - Parrett, £min; Volunteer 24ft, J. Robinson^ scratch. Massilia did not start. The boats got away in the following order : Booralie, Violet, Gazelle, Kananook (afterwards gave up), Lilian, Eegina, and Volunteer. On the stretch to Chowder Eegina and Volunteer' overtook all but the Booralie. -On the thrash 4o Shark Island the positions were changed so often Mwt it was impossible to follow them. However, the buoy wctsT I rounded by the Eegina, Volunteer, and Boorale, in, the order named, and this position was maintained to the fiwiwli Second heat.— Entries : Pomona, 20ft, J. Firth*. 3min; Grace Darling, 20ft,' J. Gannon, 2fmin; Ghost, 24ft, Arthur Thomas. 2imin ; Cynthia, 20ft, G. Holmes, jun., 2mm; Victor; 20ft, On. lietehexv 2min; Wild Wave, 22ft, F. ?EarrowJ lfmin; Latona, 22ft, Chris. Webb, l^min. Bettina was late arriving at the starting place, and the starter very - properly sent the others away. Several changes took place on the run to the first mark, rounded in the following order: Grace Darling, Pomona, 'victor, Cynthia, Latona, Ghost, and Wild Wave. On the beat to the island the Cynthia ran up into the pre mier position, and the Victor managed to get round closely in the Cynthia's wake. Latona upon round ing had the misfortune to carry away her balloon halyards, which lost her any chance she might .have had. No change was noticed to the finish. Final Heat.— A very little delay occurred ere the four boats were away Spain for the last* time, the Lilian also starting in spits of the umpire stating her ekipper had no right to. The Idlian tried to blanket the Eegina, and should be severely censored -by the authorities, she not being in the race. On the first stretch the Eegina, notwithstanding the kindly assist ance of the Lilian, improved her position, and rounded just ahead of the Volunteer, and behind the Cynthia - and Victor. The Eegina, before reaching the Shark: Island buoy, passed the two 20-footera, and the Volunteer became becalmed. On the lead back to. Clark Island the boats drifted home, when the Cynthia went away from Victor, but could not catch the Eegina. So Eegina takes first prize, ^£20 5 Cynthia second, £7 ; Victor third, £3. ': . Mrs. Eliza Tucker, wife of a guard employed oa the Northern railway, died suddenly at Singleton on Saturday. She was a resident of Hamilton, but was on a visit to her mother. At the inquest it traspired that Mrs. Tucker died from an epileptic fit. A child, the son of John Bethel, Bilview, Laics - Cudgeliico, has been drowned. A fire occurred at the pier railway station yard, Melbourne, on Sunday morning. The roof of a building, which had been used as a drying shed* / burst into flames, which, however, were quickly extinguished. The damage was only trifling. With reference to the barge Leviathan, which, was reported as having been sunk near Went worth, with 1000 bales wool on board, it appears that there were 600 bales of Weinteriga wool on. board, and a considerable quantity of Marrara wooL The hay harvest has begun in the Cooiamnndra district. ' , , . '' , An arrangement has been arrived at under which the boilermakers who recently struck work at the Alfred Graving Dock, Melbourne, will re sume work at 14s a day. The arrangement, how ever, is only provisional, pending a conference. The Victorian Premier anticipates that the state of business will permit of the prorogation of Parliament about December 19. Mr. Alderman Jordan has been, re-elected Mayor of Hyde for the remainder of the current muni cipal year. . A' Glen Innes wire states : The municipal elec tion for North, Ward resulted in the return of Mr. J. A. Boyd, who polled 51 votes, Mr. J. J. ' Whyte securing 31. . - While en route from Sydney to Newcastle tm. Saturday morning, a seaman named William ' Pitt, ^ on the steamer ' Tamar, slipped when ~ descending the bridge ladder' and sustained severe bruiBes on various parts of the body. On arrival he was conveyed to the Newcastle Hos pital. He states thatthe doctor at the institu tion questioned him, and on ascertaining that he was engaged on a coasting steamer, told him he could afford to pay for medical advice, and -- therefore sent him off without attending further ? to his injuries. 