IMovcIhit. In Love's Crucible. By BERTHA o! CLAY \--w CIIAPTER I. TIus steOeST OF Tile .ASr. Fur fifteen long years lartleigh Hall had held Its doors shut to friends and stratngers alike; for tiltreen long years a shadow had blltere ld oer it, anl theI gioolo o a des I past had tilleld lt. T'le silence f o buried he Ilalld rooded there, and tie people Ihed Icnrledl to ihun it. Anld now, e a tletdden, tie doors had beenI thtrownl open, anid life and gaiety, beauty nld fashion thronged its aestwhil.e gloomy caleabers. 1-eevy indcw gulntmed joyously with the warts blzeu, and soft, mecltitg ttreiestLf tmueric nlilll.ed witl th h Iulnt ell lerect rulees ntr te Ile res:llef ileka aed aineins; sel lito w sltholdeera gIleamed, aRd iligIht eyee Ilaled witih C'lid' ar:illery,eand hecrtewterelost and welon. Andt the |l4ewes and dri'es wer gayiieelyit cin) ad elmps, c?ud alie with Iveriecl erenta ; anld lhou Iebbled driveway crunched under springing Iooef an.et grinding wlleels. Ad the gloom and silence of Soml there resro there who had known thosIei Dick llerlleigll of twenty-two years Cegoet, and Ithese wecre cetill to sea tie ceharges tLme and sorrow had wrouele t in tile man whoseo wild ecXlolta Ihd act the sater wold - gog. And others there tere to whoer bu was Orly a name, sand they looked to se e what mannler of man this was who had started life wilh almost an unlimited wealth and a title tlhat wont back nearlyatlhousad years; who had in Ilis youth startled England witll his eapricfs, andl who hd lived a rmierly recluse for lifecen )'ers only to edi by openling Ilia megnlilent mansion to feastingi and mirtlh. And when they entered the drawing room, what did tlley se ? They esaw tall, thitiu an, of per hnps lifty-fivo years of age, will a clean-cut patril cita face, distinguishled by tihe iartleigbgrey blue eyes anlld wellformed tlouth-a thorough slpecemon of old ElInglish inbility, who greeted hli guests and weleomted them rwith a courtlisess which smasced of the manners eof the old world that had known htll as lMad Dick Ifartleigh. 0lo warenotal whit embarrassed; he did not rexplain why the hall had beesn cosed to them for sn many years, but lors himself with the w.ll-bred easr of thle man who is aware of nothing extraoriallry i what hlsis doing als with polished eas l lened one wlite, thin hand upoer the arm sef his nephew, Guy llertlelgr; aIs he wenlt about introducing the young man and doing the honrors of the even ierir as he was to the title and estates, tiny was even lets known than Sirltlihard, though Ils boy. eeood, too, had been spenr neare the hall; but since Ills boyhood he had viaited the IHall only at stated intervals, and for a brief period at thlose tinles. Ills relatiens to the old tman had been of tie coldest and most formal kind, never reaching ties lengtll fl astleltion, nd always conetnitned. Tou hlim lthe lhll had over been ne aawesome plaert, anl no ono ofs tho gay tllrong ens more rurprised than lee I see tlie old place radint with light sand joyoels witll mirth andms n ic. Gay was aI Illartighe. IEverybody Saw that at s gl.e e. lIe lad ir tell teasero nl ltee tps liiels fer eleclhl Is rtce ihd been faro les. Till, sla' sret, eect, and bold of b:ahirg as one of the trecilit Vsikinhgs, e was yet a patriciael fNro thre tanwla'y lirof llts lead to tile wellshanped feet which lio t al u gracefully in the realy tiled. ingslu f lt ien . shlAe for all the stlrageness of te gIsltherig, lee did not falt to enter into tile cenjulmet ot flit sit tll lIe zest eand ardour of Tle bat.l was a stecess, sat ercfryhbody agreed II was tlireutcled to be stilr; but, as the little hady Gladya Vyner said, who could resist the lnfectics geletro tinuy Ilattlegi ? Nobody, apparently, for t ieer tile eirst feeliteg ef rwondernentsr ltidding thlemselves ill a house whirh etost of tllesl lad came leay tok Ilpo as a ltolld they e aned all abadnedo thledrelves to the enjoymente of tele eceaslaon, eled ade thi rwel ring againi wit their joyous elrti. .. it eni three o,eclnra 'efrhe the last guest left titelehl; and thell te r tired e erne ots lastened l teoexlangisi the lights oil Lh e lawn ansd ine tlie ouse, so eit bei fere GuyI ald rlterned, sfter p1t. tiong pretty lady Glndys inite heer eerriage, lhe four dlrimelf, witih sotsling o title ol en mol saledder, I illtt re glet ey I m]fall t ha paslt. Ilil Itle, too, at d diap 1 ,eared t anl tiuy, rwith asiugsll ois Itnlbroadslhuldersa tdull ilelrif ont, after tlhe onet glilderning glimlpse of joyes)l life, therold cheerless life was to be etskes up agali. And i that were so, whnt warn to become oif hinl? lie weald not eolsellt to bury hIlmbsell tlete, as life Ullele had dune. Il e would rolrll to tlc e rclle litletranther tllars that and with thia thought Ili his mtind, le trnlled from the dreawllgroosn and made hies way tothe library, where he cold ehave a last smnko h'free retiring. A lamp was still burnlng in the library, and le tes about to light Itis ligr wlhle a Itis It tahe adjoinlng room attracted hs atlentleon, and Ih turned hil bead to listen. ' Is llthat you, uy ' demanded a voier. Y'rY air.' It was Isis unle she fend spaken. The room was dehk, and Guy wondered what the old mlan was doing here at snche a lintr. It was a sort of dis. eonnestedi l ietutre'gsllery, anld Has usedfor tile fi'ltraIIs of lhm Isli geuerationn ef the Ilart lelgi.a h 'Coloa In hIere Gay; I woald like to say a fes words t you, If eou are not toe tired to trlk waith ilia.' 1 Not at all. I twas gos e to tit ap and ahok a cigar eforo goingll to bel.' fllrig your iegir lei here; and if there is ertdlo, thets, bring tlat, ton.' Guy lilghled Ils cigar, eal lilting tihe leatup ear tied It lto tlin gtallery. Ills llcle at ile a geant Arsncehlr, wllh a weary wisftful esprernsliee his usually stern Iepsesio face. lI ilntd Gllytoa chair, end alter a pause, nwieh leuy oeetpird In Illy Uffintg iho eigar scnkh iie circle fl nmlihnle, Sir lithsnd ased, iabiruptlyh bti lst khitdily: , 'i.i t nu keow iwhy I gave thliI bll Io-iiglht, I understosoed It was to hntroduie tee.' 'lihlt yeIero tireey'e trs lit t yolle enjority. Whly hnilotil f witih o telrret dueee yc wllc , iisoe e it lhreeo y'anrs ago, at Ihe nael tein uehi liitll9 are eoltelllc?tlllle Id , . } -cute l eI , ',us' * N,,, sir, though l hene trird et d.I n,.' ' tea, ar h ir tIc rten, titho anid ti estate, Ic lt .r', rlnT t eyet l illl nte , ,nehd hie v La eelle Jeyelli e peu'ny d yeer ilhilttien ec ill eiiy ' imamele Il it, ser, ned I nm very gente' feel--' ' Ii is rot fet r fe at that I c p?aa n ow. seiein n. lThee retle it i ieted 11ottI oII, blty nywill tiielttt fee a yi ct Iily dtI pe n? ar isle it fair iil eollq bil ut l e il it oln ill rnll ce fnrei , ,a l ,l f whiclllhn I rI I ,,,l and haulllOlll fll ich 1 l hiave e? t'cctteet',tiIt ceat hl, lecm'metrilteetee i i c b?e.,I ',i g Ino V t 1 in mi.h. h I t eelr m it o ti u iduc ted a 1 l eel s cit cts et let iedd fn, ),,u w ill, 1h t th 1ie dea ,1 I t tlle Inte t l?o , ti t itIel, tl cielhs liAeieP r dotle Inln "ic e ee?,eee' s.t, e liary s ,,umI n ,,?,l :1,),n:( ; lA i,,g II th , 511111 lur o to tllLd xs her" ll llnt pio ,,x I anllli{ ,,',, i Ir IIu ,,"1,,, ho,,% . r, t, .l; n, n alntic,,' ofh{?vo . IIIbIt . s Iu IIt h I tael isit i.ci, ItI teInee t ore teec ' it : ' Ilcl ttr ii{..n ytctt e. , llit'y, nenc I lea ,' tI irtln. llh¢ lid,,i o n yon IllV t I .I'le .I.,t n w rhei. tln to.' loudt olieto )t II'.et itl t iah r 1r .1 'I n iko a I ', dl etl eeeu l tI Ih,, ,, ,iecel tl, . tiel.' a le ,,y. 1 It tee t ,1111 , let , s cct,, '1(1fell11~; 1·,,uh )11t,.. e'llhc{ lI**I ,Ielll,, iIc·r. i ee teiIeaIh.lh? I) ie tee aq nit o Iu, att ' I it,..el ',l t-ctil, e l ctl t i.le l t eece itecee., r,,.ii %,l ir Ii. h, t e u i es tea little1 title I .Ir I ted h lli t' l l c ' etllt i, ,,il I( i , li) i Illl Iiii1111 )11 III. 'h %I'I' 1111 cc i se tt , I e ittecte' leis i Ie1 ile ' II l?,i01 ' 1tee ees tee i,,it lc -lii li I'.1 1 %,,iii llhll i, II ',tee teaI' t hhceec th li, c 1it ' tee li cecee) ,,,o I I. iI , ete . .1 l, t' he Ile ,Iece ns .l clcslc 'cutIeI I h i,' 1it I 1ten ,te, 'i',I tlie. e It tt (1 n t e .it lee. teI tee 1,.11 ,,, , tte, , I , t,, l ,ll,,,c l, f rI. , ,,' i i tee., n. ,I tt. ici. Iet? .'1i . . .l l Ic I ...ii s Iet all11 ci he l. ice<* sni,1 I ll cl,, tll e,, , Ii ,l ees n -llc,, ' Guy, you lhav known mo a silent, unlovely | maan. A nher, souno have clled lme; a misnan thrope, others. 1 have been nither, but a sullir ing, sneleondemned vretch. Theo causo you nalale now.' lie drcw a tiny key from hIis pocket, nd Opl prooclhiag what lookedlike nlargo cabicnet tetrtig against Iho wall, inverted the hey and unlocked it., Thil doors awung open, iod there was revealed toGuy's natlonislud eyes the partrait of a sur pnsai gly b'hautfc l wi n n.1 .May times hadn (ily ptped wolldcrivgly hb.vo tlair a eeeluivg calinet, bt Inever had lhe suspiected hat it relly was. Ito turned to Sir liiehard with a look of inquiry. ' My ifo,' wero tlie only words ho spoko, and tllhen turned away i:ih shll a look of agnly ion Ilis Oc that Gu)'l kind lheart welt out to tlowould thave gono to his side and given hin tlhatl silent lem a lthy thich nl n liklle, hlt ie ( it hllt it wolld o, winer vt; I o he sti?d lodking u pat tole lovely face, hich leeaned to o smiling down at him, in a tlvulftl, tender way that be poke iis conflildence, l svpilo e l tlhe stoy he volley aememlbcred ol o hatole iccard lf her. lv'." avd hcphis leie, reloc r.ed to his side. i, d asked him, nifdly : I. C I Coulhd you believeo her to be fle ?' ' No,' oalsered cily, in Ilia fearless way. ' Sit down. Twenty years ago to-d.y i married Ccoalsance laulkec. Slle was youlng, ndl no you se, rarecly beautifl. 1 loved her, anvd 1 elievned he Itoved one. And when I say 'love,' 1 mean all the word can mean. Adoration, norship, dcvo tion. l lhadbee, as yoll no doluhavo Ilakld, wild as few men are. Pad Dick llarlleigh I' he said with a nigh. 'The nano tells the story. utol aftermyenarriago 1 was as faithfoulnod trote an 1 had een unslhublo anid nild hvfore. Two years after our marriage a child was born to us ngiorl. coa ere veory happy. 8 happy that ifo fie years a a shut oaraelecs from the oworld, no. telt with each other; but Ithen I one day mectan old friond, one I had loved as )alovon loved Pylthias. I invited him to tile Hall, to renew tho friendshipeof tlold days. Ono day 1 retolurned unexpeotedly, to find lo at llthe fLeet of lly wife, spneaking words of love to her. Ito slept not again i this hlouse." Tie old mant lowered his voice.. 'Ito wolent witllh teo to l'rancee, and there I leftll him dead. Vhen retulrned to tiy ihome, my wile was gone--my wife and my child,' Thy premaetrely gr.ty headv dropped oi tile thin wlill hand, and the oilnce of anguish nod despair fell upon him. (iuyanid not a word, Ibut hisn broad chest roso nsd fell, and his eyoes illed with a i sympahetic mloitureo that did him honor. All tlhelservo and tla coolness of tle past melted away, and the young heart and the old throbbed to gether. 'resently the o t manr l hlked up vith a pathetio saele, anll conltin led: ' 1 del ant sehl to bring her back. 1 doubtdl cvon that the child was mine. 1 asked noqltes. lions ; moutld ntot evlen Iok upon the tlhiiigs that worn Ior. Iist ulp thle llall and cnllt abroad. Five' ears later 1 came back here, my heart hardened And Iull of scorn for myself. I went througI ethe rooll, neelling at Iyeillf toI seO tlehuil just as shio left them. 1 went even to her clhaaber and tossedl ver tlie dustlcoard articles cil her tolilet-talale, try ing to make myserl believe 1 did not care. And ny herto was crying out all the timeo Guy,' his voice oak to a losw hisper, 'as 1 turledover tho laces ndll jewels that lay there 1 came upon a yellow, lime-sltaind ellv lope addressed to me. It was in her writing. I tre it open ; I know not hat I thought to lind in it ; bult, oh, Great leaven ! it showed hler to tIe as whie atnd spot. less as the allgeln tIleocelves. She,olho hld gone away in her inlocence, hnlonoi:g lily furious anger naod ov'annlivng panbivo, head hit Ihat letter, lholing tihat I would read it aodtl Ihllob r erCfrler forgiveness. I esoullghl her then, but, alas I it Is too late. I hired dietvctlves to seaoclr for her, and for years they Cerchlrol i aill; bot a nllst they camee upon her anlll her child ll Amriea. But just as thlly wero about to comlmuniclat wiltl her shie cuina'cctcldydisapiared. Tlhe againc they tearoeid, and again loecll her, only to bhl Iolli.d in thb anmo way. 'Timo and oggnin thesme hling hlsppned, untilit seeimed tio Iothat hhe nlvte ?Io trying to el lod me. I did ont dare go seek her ruynelf, lcaring, I know not why, that if I did omediru tiaortuno would belal lher andl lthe child. N,ow o in dead.' I, . Ito arone and paced the floor, not, however, nltlh the assored stop (luy hlod bcelle so aeeea. tomed to ace, hut feebly and lotlteringly. iBut it cnlled hlhu, and In a few menllles heo esume hil seat and took up the story again : SThe child is nfonlld, a young womllnno noand it only remalns to bring her horme. Irne, tinyll I I dare not go, and every day I Iear to receive a telegram saying that shic, too, has disappeared agn i,. Gl y'sa lhandsome face lighted up, and he spoko eagerly. Yce ot will let me go, for her? If se disap peoarsagain, I ill trace her. I will find ler and brihg leer to you. That is whlat yeo woul ask, ts it not? It is tlat I would do. hllo ucl whnt you kuow of her wilcreabott.ts. here is sin o niow ?" 'It San Flancisco. lBut t Is muc to task ol TonIt is nothing. I can bo qlito realy by to. morrow. W1e will not delay n mloenlt noroe than is necosnary. I amn not only willing, I nm cager to go.' dIet, Oity, thcro is more to be said,' 'Morot Whatl is it?' nnakd Gity, uneasly, for thero was a stranlgoaxpresoion int Sir Iltlchrd' laer. 'r Ca yat ieturowlLat my chlld must be,lhaving led Iho hie al li has?' I' ul what does ta matter ? She is your daugh ter anld my cousin. You doubt how I will receive ona who Is, perclhaco, ignorant and uneoutllh I)anIit no Inig.'. Sle Itlo ovictil of ant lnjitalee, nol ans ?ell an yoe will do what Is in mLo to rec lily it.' 'lAl, Guy ; a noble as a IIartlcightl it applies to you as it never did to mle. ll1t have you con sidered-have you tllought-do you- ' SYou Iheritale. Tell Ice, without recslve, what Is in poor mind.' I' ;ly, tlerhe is bul on0 way to place my daughl ler right 1, fore the world.' SAsid that Is ?' 'Ily her llarrisgo willt one who is her social icelv Iloked ldown ns it alllldyilg lth ftol loeaL. Ing f Iie ri,d. olld tlelltn looked lp with I ralki nl, anlli putting ohath ihandsi out to his uncle, al u11nderstanld you. T'his is the reIuest, that I nlcrv yoer lnagRhler?' ' i ?tlced loucr ttollions to ady liladys oi Iighit.' ',"ii lr prdlyt, anul I cas attracted; ll ot it ight ever lcvec covoc any frlthicr. Al- Ia t it ahnll lla t. h cillcli cic i r dtc tilg er, rni ,. if . lie I ,l it iil n ceii?ohl fllherell hecyeon itli'ot . cosICd lii. givirhg,' i lhcaren Ibles iyou, tinlo !i I donot desoeo this from you.' 