LOCAL AND GENERAL. The; initial fortnkTitlv inci ting of tliii Deynnport Town Bourd will lie held at >hu ofli--u on Tuesday. . I" The work of rtinslrueting two barges for the removal ''of- tliu dredg- inga- frtmi tlu Mersey- har.: is being puBlied rapi-lly'ifoiwartl Hy ; tliu contractor, Mr Hv Wood, and a visit totliu sheds discloH-R the fact thai tliu planking of nno of tlio barges '-is neiu ly eniiipleled,' iind the contractor i-onfi lenil.v expeets'tn hive it ready hy the end of Fehrtiary. Tu'o work on tnu Heeoml barge is also pro gressing well, an I it will ho eoiupleted by coalract time. Mt II. Wood prueueded to Mellioarne lust .week . to procure the neces sary hand-winches for hotli barge--, aiid iilso to ohiain atldiiion-ri labor. an -inquest was livid nil the Body of Liodsnv Miles, tliu elder of the, two hovs: drowned, with their father, on Tuesday in the Leycn, at. -the Police- Ststion;' , Ulver- stoae, on Wednesday, before Mr'H. L., .Crowlhcr, O ironer, anil tlio' following jary : — Messrs H. Madden (foruitmn), II. Clarke', E. D -vliri, H. Morrison, J. Pridtuore, It' Alcuiies.; anil H.. Uenm-tt, -ten. — Anr-m HoWU; laborer, i doppB il that nn:Tuesd.iy lie was i-ulliiiu one of the puddles in a Hint lulu'), with, rails and potatoes, coining; fr-iin Mr -Finch's farm to Ulver-tone. the other oeeiipan'S uf ;tho punt being Nicho las Milea, his two sons;'" Lindsay (the deceased), ami E asl,- an I th - sister of wiln-ise. Too windual waves -, splashed ivafor into the l-oat-'wliieli partly sank. Nicholas Miles jumped into the water and eri-'d nut to his two sons to como witli lii-o. Tory; tried to swim hut- sink! ., Only saw me of the children after they jinnped-mit-. Williess' sister j-onpnd into the water, hot ,-ilie e-iold not swim. ,. Witness jumped out of , the, boat to savti lier. Got Imr ni-ar. tlie slmro. liut.slii. nearly drugged liiiii' dinlei- H« got awuy,froiHili«r..und went, on slmpe to get. Ids Iir-U h, and afterwards si'ved bis sister,- with - theoussisiitiice of. Messm Devlin and I'lirtqn. i To- the-, jury : ; ;Thy punt was ten var-ls front tlie shore. His .sister was under water, wlnm h - went lu.uk' tllVs-l-oo I time, ; Nit-hulas M les: jomped oV.f fir t. - .Tq th-- Gnmuur : Saw nothing' of -Miles, sell, uft-T, lie jmoneil overl-oard .otily'for.ii moment Tle'Oglu the childrun Jiiit!lijildpf: their fat It -r when hp. -jiinipe 1 over hour I. . .The' pilot .was dangerously lit ten. N Mile w-ik talking .about t It- iliint U-i'-g hardly safe, ,lmt nothing: av is said ulcmt lighiening ir. ,- Tlio pant :jusi touched a: lioih, hot -lid not cant over. The win l'iiiide tho water colon in, the' vessel boinif so ildep in tire water,— Dr- Sp -aeer ileposu-l til it external hptsVofdhc-'-s deitoled (lentil frion-drmvoiiig, and n-inihor c-hoso. 1 Earnest Ca-h.-nlt dupo'ed to having riii-ovei-ed tie- body in the in e.tth of. God. sil's'Cri-ek, an I to h iving 'assisted to enrry it,t-> the pi'ico s'atinn.— Tie Cor -tier, ill sii'iamiiig lip. lilhoied tlm wunt of even the epiiitiiiin 'atiplianeus.: for dragging for a l-o ly ui. U.verston:-, on I suggustu-l tlio .advisii-'iljty .of procuring life-saving iippnriilii', whieh should be distrp-uied at diffureiit pllicek alnng tlio ri - or. with, th--. formation of a suiatl corps of p.-rsons who wnul.-l work Sie-h apparatus. He expressed Ins: , willingness to. c-intri nte lis qontu t-iwiirds such on ol-ject. He hope I til it tlio nrc-ent catastrophe would he a warn ing lo ethers working punts on tlio liver against overloading, and'- (-aid a tiikutu ut" praise to those who hud persevered ill sear-riiing for the tin lien' on-ler so imny dtifieuhi- s. — The jwrv, without reining, re-urned a verdict of accid-nt nlv druwiied through the piiiit being ov.-rlli len.— An liiiptesi was then livid on Xi.-lodu. Miles, tin- fitlier. The sum-- jnrv weio on pilot -||vd, nod n« there was almost ex icllv the Hume evidence to offer, it was .not ennsidered ncivessorv to call t do wi ii-ss-h agiiio. Till- only difference in' I hn evideaoe whs that tlie.hnly was recovered hv Jon Smith, of tlr- Forth, wle>; il -po-o-l liceo d 'A similar, vurdiet was re -or-liel.. Misb Howe, whu. was in tho.puiii wli' ii.the fatal accident oeenrred to the Miles', ,li id- ut 3 o'clock on .Tiiure lav nioroio.-. Tie- t-wrgirl wa» progressing favorably' mitt, she. was uiiforiuintely -infonucd of , the death of Miles and his sons, . when'; 'a'oe at' once succumbed to;tltD,elreck. ' Somu tif tliu nruliiirds armitul West ll-voiiunrl -uru seriously nlfuelmi hy il.o Cod 1 ill Moth, tliu grtlli heiiig'plainly visible on sumu of the trees, The ins|X)ctor,' Mr. F. Oldiiker, states that, although tho gru<<s are still iiiiioiirnns, yet.thore is a .marked iiiiprovemoot,' gt-nuriilly speuking. on (ire-, vions years, consei|oeotly there will he a greater percentage of fruit eayed. ... Fitzgerald's l'uluco Circus uppourod at West Duyimpmt .on - Thursday evening, and was greeted witli a eupital attsu'danco. Tliu horses are, . perhaps, tliu hus'-tmined hit of fctguils, til/it lias ever yisiteil tliu islund, iiikI'I lis lady and goiitlrqinn I il.-iij - bors of the company are all more ni'.le.ss good in tli-iir roiipcutivii liou-, afnori'g 'tlie most usl-oiisliiiig ti u in In- i n of tli-d liill being tho contortiuns of the honoleSs man, Signo llirtello. ' Tlie cmiipaiiv ie'ft for rotli-r Cu.isl towns hy ihu'.miri -lav triiin' yoHluri.luy, and il tiiuy hit raomnmende-l to tliu fuV'iialile mitiue iif the umiiseitient-. hiving puoplu in the localities in whivli the lent may In pitched. , The annual vestry meeting of the Church ilfiEnghind congregation in West Devon-, port was held on Wednesday evening, the Ib-v- 11. C. N; Kelly presiding. Tire out going wardens pres.-ntud their accounts,' which were duly passe I, and an interesting ottiitement of the church hoil-liag. ncl-onpt w.ts uIho made. A resolution whs passed, requesting the iiiciimiii-nt und. wardens tu act in conjunction with the other wardens of the p iVisli, ami puhlish an iinnual report, and statement nf all accounts in any wav iionncctctl with tliu . parish, Mr T. K.-, Bualu was' elHCt-'d niiuistor's warden, : Messrs 'W. Aik'eulieiul and H. Woller,- ppiipl-js' wardens, and Messrs Moure, Levy, and Luvutt'weie appointed sidesmen; . A meeting of the Mersey Horticultural Society Was held in. the Town. Hall, East Dsvoni-ort, b n Thursday afternoon. There was a fair uttemhiuco of iiiumliers, nud Mr It, C. CI lhaui iii-citpieil tho chair; It was ileeidud '.Imt prizes remounting to over £50 lie given at the' autuinn hiiiv;1 which will' he h-lii .in A pril( th;it um-mnt being exclnsiye of special prizes,' which promises to' lie iiiii'nerims. A snli- cmiiinittiie; cptisi-tirig. of Alias Young, Messrs It.- C. Oldham,1. nail Puivcll, was ap|K)intcd tii draft a schedule for tliu show, iin-l also to reeomiiiend the date wheu' it should be held. CoiisMeriihlo ili-uussiou took plane re the a-lvisdliility uf ujving -it- prizii' lor the best collputioii of . fruit, and it was ultimately decided that special prize lie given for tliu best collec tion iif apples, some of the spueies exlii-. luteil .Ill- lie immed I -v the uxhihitur. : It was pointed diit that hy having liiu iiaineH of. fits n'pples alfixud it would givu an ediici.tlonil tendency tu ilia show. It was agree! that special prizes l-e given, for ni-ricult'ural,' and dairy 'produce, such as '.iii-st 'bag' of ' potatoes, keg of nutter, -Sc. , Tim .show wil bo held inthoGihlin Mouio- : ; liul Hidl. ! After' somu accuunts liad liemi pass," for payment, and some routine nnsiiiusH trensaute I, the meeting clos -d with tho usual vutu uf thanke to tin cliairinati. i ' The ' lower en I of the wharf at West' peyonport '/'present.- quite a l usy sppeiiruncop nnd extensive prepare-' tiona' aro l-eing 'tnudo fur the en- suing produce nmson. Mr S. I'rieet is pushing 'on widi tliu work uf erecting sroies fur tlie Don Trading Company, and the Govornmeiit stores .are also in, go-id. prugreks. The framework of lira latter Ib; c-iinplulo I, and the carpuiiturs were yus'or- day einplnyiid in fixi.ig the rafters. Among tliu carga hv- tlio 'e.g. 'Flora, finm -Melhon ne, which urrivud at the Mersey on Tnesilay. owning, was a new liell for tlio Wealoyan Church, East De-' vonport. The old .-bell lias lieen out of gear for somu tiinu. The u-ital guar . for. working the bell, which will lie on 'a wheel, also arrive-l, and, on being tested,, it 'was found that the bell was of good tonu, \- At 111-- Lutrohe. Polico Cnurt on-Tliurs- ihiy,- before P. C. Maxwell, Esq, P.M., Heniy Clark was u-harge-l with drunken ness... He t ide id i-l giiiltv, and was fined : 5s, with the, altornnlive of forty-eight iiom-s'. imprisomiiunt. . At the Fortli'PoIice Court .on ; Weduvs- day, '.before H. L. Crowtlior, E-q, 8.M., and; W. 0. Aleiick, Esq, J. P., John Alex ander. was charged With ."disturbing the p.-'ueu, and was fined 10s itnd clisls. A similar qliargu I'wao preferred against Philip Murray, and he was fined 2s G.l and 'coats. A -charge of -cruelty to uiiiuiuls preferred ngainst Hugh Morrison was .with ll'llWli. ' , . .... At the Ulvorstono Police Cunrt or. Tues day, hiifuiiu H. L.. Crowtlior, Esqj S.AI., ami A. Dixon, E.-q, J.P.; u n-'i'iorioiis ohuractur, named James Logan, alias "Joe, the nugget," was chirged with osins "nliseen-j- lun'unagii. Ue pleadu-i guilty, imd was lined £5, with the ulteruutixe tif' eix months' iuiprisuninunt. On Wednesday Sub-Inspector Cole arrested Tnmnas MoKeuna on a warrant issiie-i at tho East Davenport Police Court tint day, for failing to' find a surutv of £5.0 to conlrimite 7s 6 l uer week main- tenuneu for his wife. .He was taken to Laoiiceaton by the police esc art yestcr-lay By tlie siilnn train fwo , oilier prisoners,' Lugan and Urilluy; tliu litter front . Kinn Bay, were uls tuketi to the L'uin .-listoii Gaol. '> The first anniversary tea in connection ' witli the Presbyterian Church, game off in the little building used for punlic worship- on Mr John Tuxwnriirs land, Barringtun, ' mi' Weilni-s'liiv, when th-a'tiiemiiers uf tlio congregation, togeth.-r. with thoir 'sisters, and their cousins an I iheir allots, alien. led in great force, anil, a iiinst enjoyalde lav w is. spent. Tho people began to gather uvcri luring the morning, esoeciallv in the adjoining paddock-, where cricket m, itches were iu progro-s and aft r tliceu were finish d, various ullier games avre played. Of ilo, lea itself, too lunch cuauoi h- sai I. as evi-rvthing win of the hen, while the la-lies wen- most asaiilito-is in waiting up -n tile tinio roos relavs of linnary f--l«, wh - btMitlmiahy arrived torollho it the after n -oh. There were four or Ave tables in all, several of wliich were outside tlie i-hni'i-li, and under tho sliade of laia.0 Isr- pauiins.' while each ia-de was profusely decarate-l with fl ivvora, wha-h would, in iiiiiiv eases, liiyu dono eie -it to a ti -wer -how, v»|W"ia!iv tlio vni'imfitiiiH and ver n.-iias. .Among those who; prep iiml tl<» t-'ii -m l wailed wore M -sd oil's Colt 00- i 2), rimitii (2), Mason, Bus-oil. Tnxwiiftt)|Hope, Watt. Klrkliam, aud Msses Cot toll (2), .Moore (2), Hlurman (3), Kirkhum (2), lliutoo, 'Joleinnn, und Watt. A noiujier of gvritloiii.-n also worked iiarii, xn-l nt 6 o'.Mics. wlivn our repr-sentaau-o .loft, tho p-opleworu still -going iat-i t u. game- w-ro gmng lilt fiirhju-ly, the takings of ibo dayaWBreauakiiig on to£I6, , and tile evrrring; «uB..to be 'jini«lic(l up -with a xoBoeft.; 1 -TliolVo litjk ii.f.lfponr 'Mili'H and his son (writtm b ir UlyoVstuTiucnrreiiponduat) were interred in lloiqiuhlih .cuiii.dury on Tliur.«- - day.-' A liifgr jnumlmr of persons' followed the j funeral i-nrtokii from, the, Hulvalioii Army Barracks.' ; Tlio Dh-.unitic' -Cliih, witli tho samu kindly oiid liberal spirit I hut Iris i-lmriicte.ris'id that h sly sinoo it a formatitin, is moving in the m it tor of get ting np on entertainment for the benoflt of Mrs Miles and the surviving- children. , A' meeting of tliu Ulvorstono Band of Hope was belli in tliu O-ldfullowu' Hall on Tlmrsdiiy evchiiig, wliou there wan a .fair Httundance.' The Ito'v ll . 1'. Hull necnpietl -titb chair, anil the . asmil. ,pn,gfaoir.iu; of kongs, recitations, ""fio; ' wjia . ' d'ell ' gn'iie 'tlirqilgh. \ ' The annual picnic -in -connectiuh' with the Anglican Snndny school, West Devon- "port, tonk.phieo yqstorduy. The wouthor was haaiitifnlly hnein fiict, a' more gonial day could tint . have .boon hid. Consa- quentiy tliBfe-wi'iB'a lurce ut'.uaduiiee at the' landy hay, near tint. Mersey ' Bluff., whoro the oittiug was lielfi; In. "the iiinr.aing-a: stsmial cliihl.ro'iljs s.i);>jlFe':wiis,:|ield ifi- th'o t'inircil loiilding,.tiro' 'Ityv- 1(.- G. Nd-.-ent Kellyinllieiiiting; A.'.stayt .ivas then made, for ' (lie rendezvous, ati-f.titria'eJ- there,, guinea were entered infu witii,'- gusto, ltices were got '.up'. and jadjfing hy tlio- close fintsiius, file 'hofidicappura 'pvere.wull yip. to tln-ir vyoqk . A'khiiut l.SJO. o'clock, a siinip,liiou's;sd.iiv>i,-l wiis-lsid' oiit.'jedililua of. all'desiu'l|)th)nH.liitri friiit' (wing in nbund- ,ahcosand 'tlio' Pilots' of" tbo ghosts we're attended .to l-y .the lady .member ,of- the lihitrcli. AftJei-..jiYiitice. ' liiViV.' liVyJ' iliriio la... (|j6,gpp d tilings jirov'i led, uiiiite'it were oiii-.ei jiitire enlere-l intpjm many, of t lie young sters' took a ly.infrjg.pfyif "tliu1 fine weiither' Iti paddlu iii tlie se'm and .they seemed to lie enjoying thuidsqlyes- ioimensely.. 'Mr Jacques, tlie lighlliyiaso kooprr, is (l--8orv.' ing.pf thunks for opiilving wate/for thu : picnicera. ' Cutisnicopi'i among ihoseAvhp1 wdrko-l hard unu.ayiliingly fir tlie enjoy-' iiient of the children, and even . did elder gliosis, were Mosdamys; X. .'Pliilljiis, Pad . fliil-l,. Ynrk, Walcptt1, ChapmaOj I-'-vy, Dunlv, Wolliir, Fisli'-r, iind Kelly, Mi-aa .York, Finlaysnn, Weoli, Giiifiths, Boanan, Liipp in, tlie Bev ft. C. S'o'guoL' Koliv; iui-l Messrs- Beple, . Levy j Wefjiir, and imiriy others. For tho' convenience of the pic- ..nicui's eonveynncos ivere riin between tho. Sen-View lintel and tlie' Bluff ut intervals (Inrinjg ; tjio day. Throughout tho day overytliing, wont . smoothly,., and all were unanimous in tliu verdict ilint it'i was a -most pleasant ami enjoyiililu onting Tlio - tiHiutl fortniglilly 'meeting of tie)' Ulvci'ptnno Town; Board woh held, in Air Dixon's ulfiee.'b.on'i-, Thursday, uviming; Presml': Muasrs A. 6; Dixon (chairman), W.-'Gpx, H. G. K. Wells, and. H..Fritii. Correspondence, was' > road , net ween (lie Iisard, the Amlitor- iGencr.il, and the Mil)-. ister for. : Lands.— A letter was received ,- from Slussrs Arnold, Gilliird, and Shulton, pointing on I that they lutd had a column idea tion from the Minister for, Land-, through Or MuCuM, re,tlie-liigiiou!;on each side of the road', tn West Ulvoratone,: to' the effect that the Govuriim -nt recognised no respon- sibilitv in ill ; luatter. The meinorialists therefore hoped that tho liijaVil would do something. to it, tliey being willing to sub- scribo -for. the necessary/drainage being uarried out. The engineer was instructed to inspect' tha situ 'where drainage was required, and prepare cstimiites for jlni work. — A commiiiiic'itiort ' was read from the Treasurer to ilie' off.i'k iiliat lie could not comply with tits wishes bf'tiic Board re advancing £200 nn lua'n account.— An account of £1 12a from- W; janes, for advertising, was passed.— The Oimirinan tvported tiiut no tenders hail lieen reeeivo.l for the lunii, and the -clerk was iustructcd to write to Captain Kelly, lt.N., re taking op I hu il-iiientor-.s. Mr Well tndve-l tmt tlie time fur receiving tenders for tho loan ire extended to Thursday, Foliruarv 5\. at 4 p.m. Mr Cux seconded the motion, which was curried.—' The Clerk r.-portu.i there were only 12s of outstanding rates, reuuvu raids. — The Biniu g-mtlu|n,-u then sutasa Lo.-al Board iif Il.-iilth. S-ivural reports. Ac, w-- rp received from tho Central Board. Air Wells drew llie'attention of the Buird to the 'necessity for a certain drain living; lliiahed. ,lt waa'p-s-ilveil.timt lite attention of the inspector' pfniiisancos -hp drawn thvrvio. :Mr " Frith spuko of tliu' necessity- of cutting-, down -certain scrub, but it was pointed mil lliat.it Was no pri vate property '-.therefore, the hoard hud no power, -and Mr Wi-Ms wits requested lo scu th-.owiier of ilio' land on the subject.. The Board then or, sc. On the Es|ilahuilu ut West Devnnpnrt,. and in close proximity to Kimberluy's Hotel, tlie dreu-led Bathurst burr is grow ing profusely, an I iintess-steps are nt ooco t.ik'en to haw it eruiiiiaUed, sarion results lo tne, adjoining Itn-ls will eertiinly rnllow. At East ,D.<yonnprt..ihe;'lKirr U mly seen In-re iin-J-t'iere, tliu H|eos ;n n thnk ris'eil, hy the iu,-peetnr for,. its eradication having If-ion carried out .successfully -in liuiny -liri-utimis., . Thefarmera (wri|es oor Ulverstone cor respondent) wlii lived fur vn'ongh inland t-gvt ihe. benefit of the rain on Moa-luv night are q-iite juhjlqnt. Not so, however, : topsn, who wure out of tho titessed region.ns, lilihough the slio'wor of Tuvs-hiy ov -ning .wo'tile do them good," j! '.was not ' sufficient to give the ground that, snaking'. 'tlmi-'th'u p ditto crop leqitirosj anii' in consequence the tulior. is liugii)mtig 'W;ili''e off in euine -pliices. , , ' 'A, meeting -Jof memlVgrs of .tlio. North- Wvsierti A triciillurai As-ociiition Was held on- Thursday ofternoon. Mr M. W. Luaqe in the chair, when -a IciiglliS- -lisciissiiin 'en. 811-j-l in refo -en-:-) to S-iirding -iel--giites to ili-t Agripnliuritl Coilf -ddtra-e ;tn bihei-l ill Holiurc on .Too-d -i-. -a'nil Messra-', John lloclie, George lto.-k"iff ' ao-f AI, W. Loan'.- wore npi-ainted 'delegates from tlie district. It was further rcHolvinl to hnl-l a tiul-1. trial nf reapers mot h-inl-r under tlie ' HO- jil&B1; of the ass-icia-ion, at Sassafras, on or, aitdoi', Fehrnary 3. In refereiice ioahis latter nn' Hnnoiinceiui-nt will lie f-mn-i tin another loolnmn. 'i'ito lie-t crop of oats I've so-n this sea- nrth io the Liven di- triet (writes our c-n-.- r-aoumlent) is ion the 'faun of -Mr A.J. Kings: -n. Nnrtli Mollriii roii'l,.' Thvngh imt qnito 8ft liigli, aslM(avi"1ii<arilrof them lit Burnte, this yi-nr, thd.v ur- a gnod ledBth, .ami very ev-n nii-r- welbii iu h-l. Tlivy'iip pear to lie "f .the sparruw'oiil and foxthil variety. To iiibrrmv ' oveiiing, in ill i Congr - galirinnl Clinreh, West Davpnporti tlie B--v J. G. iWrjgii- will delivui'a spi-cial a-idr-ss. HeaHfns aviili the very, popular, work nf 'G-nernl Booth, entitle I, ' ' In. dafkeat Eiiglniid. and tho way ontf"'. The' Bev P. J.-N tnce, 'AI.A., will prenul) in file Ulversiimu Wesluysu Cliorch to morrow evening, when collections will bo. made on baliuif of the Cireiijt Fund. \ aHi'ii Itiir rugretlulde avoid -nt iinviirrod ut UI>!crstonu. yestonl-iy morniog, by wnicli, (writes our correspondent), although... tin injilfy to Imiuitn lifo or limb was Hiiffunol, litir UHtceiil-iil Suh -Inspector of -IVIie-i will, ho it vquridiirahio inaor. One of Mr Oil-. h'imiV itoiis liad tli-1 Imrso nut th take it th water ut tlio creek on the North Motion road, when, turning the corner of that road sharply, ho came into conlaut with Mr G. A. Foiisnnhy'.s, milkcart. tlie. result being thai Ilia shaft was driven ulinut a f-rnt into ilia poor iiniinid'sjBtoimioli, with; pf uuurso, fatal results. The liorso was a valuable nno, uud enultl n--t lie. replaced under hutwoen £20 ami £30. therefore the loss to Mr'G.ilheun is a Sevoro-one. - -. .-, ' Tho Federal Council' of Australasia con tinued it's fourth Reunion' nn Wednesday! iit Hohnrt. Several pilpers were milled and notices of motion given; nntl Mr 8. S. Bird was appointed chairman" nf chmmitteea. Tlio Orders in'Lnnnoy Bill was read a first time, the New Hebrides -question- wiis' do- biitcd: nt length, - un i -the ' report of the shin-ling committee wits rend srt-l uilnptud. -yOri, Thursday, a linnnoe coininitlce was .iiVip'-iiiied ; the . -Lunacy Bill „wus paa-ed liirengll cnill-llittee, wllli- a fuiv nniin- |M)rtiint iimondiuunts ;; -tlio resohi.i-iis rii-giir-litig tliencw Heli'viilos wleftr carried, With nhiendiiients ; and tlio Council nil- jburiied. ' - ' ' - - ' 'Noticing tho ' exhibit inn nf the ,Tas- . iniiiiiiiii Photogriiliiu un-l Art Assn-.-iu'tiiin, wliiclTwiiB npened nt Hohnrt im tin prc- vieits i In v, ''The Mercury." .nf Thi'irsdqy, says -';Of the'exliibits mails hv aiinitvurs. llf'so of .Mr Aiki-nhenil, of. West Dbvoti- port, .ptnn-l head and slioul.dsrs ubn've the -.re.st. Tuny are all silver prints, hot the nftist lias ali-iwn exci-ll-tiit taste in choice of subjects (all landscape), and the light ing inmost parfoct." . . .... . Messrs Norris & Clarke, the well-known fruiterers, of Lntrobe, liad n very -niue'dis- plny- of fruit yesterday, wliiclt wns .well -worthy it visit, there being giupcs, necta rines, upriqqts, pineapples, passion fruit. Florence cherries, i-litms, peaches, a large Chinese orange weighing over 2lh, besides apples,' nuts, in variety. There , was also a go-id number of the products of the vi-gotahle kingdom, nti-l iillogetller their -'display wns mi exceedingly creditalde one, showing plenty of business pn-h hn-l n dosir'e to keep fully ubrcust of the present' progressive times. Services will liel-l in tlie various . churches in tho district, to-morrow, as follow : — In -'.conneotioh - |witli. tho Anglican Clmroh; at1, 8t Paul's, East Davunport, -at.. 11 und ,7 p.m..; -nt tlio Clmroh Building, West' Devonport, U', t mi; ".and "7 , p.m.: and ut N-irth-iown at .3 p.tn. In connection with tlie Wcsleynn denomination,, nt East Dovonpnrt, nt II n.m. hv tlie Bev Ed ward; Nye, B.A., ami at 7' p.m. Iiv the "Be'v D. S. Lindsay ; at Wesley Valii.nt 3 p.m., hy the Bev D. S. Lindane ; und at Wist Devonport. ut 11 n.m. bv the Bev D. S. Lindsay, and ut 7 p.m: by the Bev Edward Nyb, B.A. Services will lie. held tit the Baptist Tuber- naclo, West Devonport, sit 11 a.m. and 7 p.m., and nt Sprevton nt 3 p.m., hy Pastor Hyde. ' At tlie C-ingregational Church, West Devon- port, service will be held nt 11 a m. Iiv Mr Hoiking, and .at 7 p.tn. by the Ilev J. G, Wright. The annual festival in connection with St ' Gcorgu's. Anglican Church, New Ground, will lie held ou Tlmrsdiiy. In Mr E. Addison's burn, Moriarly. Various spuria and games wilL hn curried out, and tlie proceedings will lie enlivened hy liur- mony by the Federal Band. Tho programme of tlie conceit to lie given bv tlie Giblin Philharmonic Society in tlie Giblin Hall on Tuesday evening ap pears elaoivliere. A social gathering of the adherents of tlie W. ilcyaa Clmroh will lie huld iin the Forth Beach on Alonday, lo h- fulluwcd hy a coffee supper in the evening. In nnotli-T column will he found nn iin- nouneement that the first mid finul divi- , den-L "f 3s 4d in the £ in A. A Green- hill's estate is now pnynhlo lit Messrs E. & W; L. Ilurtletl's; Gilliur.t si rent.; Latrobu. \- 'Mr Joseph Lehman, lilauksmith, of tha Don;. announces that lie bus npuncd a branch hiisin-ss in Steele street, West D.ivonport,- nuir tlie Don Trading Co. 's. stores. Tlie annual picnic in canueutinn with the Latrobu Band of Hope lakes place in MrBunnuy's pn-ldock, Latrobu, on Tne- day. 