' j Theatrical , Topicsi > ii.'fr. Charloa .Turner. and Mrs. Tomer (IdlSa Auug Mpntagno) aro In Sydnoy, 'rooting after, their roaont tonr. Thoy. will probably cotn- nlonoo onothor oporatio tonr in a fow months. j Jtcumouro havo boon ourrent in London' In'- regard to a projootod soaeon of 'Italian opera at ohonp priooo to be givon at Covent Garden in Ootobor-and Novombcr next, undor the . dieoo- tion of Bignor Lago. : Pastoral plays iaro to.b'o triqd tu.India, whoro tho ollmato oneuroB favourable! oouditioho. Tho "Midsutnmor Night's Droam" will bo pltiyod at Simla by. amateurs, and, if sucooaBful, othor ' sunimor roaorts will follow tho 'example. ' i At Hobart Mr. Williamson's Juvenile Opora Opora Company, who' havo boon playing "L» Masootto," "Tho Mikado," and othor oporas, oonoludod thoir scaoon last wook, and will mako a tour of Now Zealand undor Mr. Tom Pollard's ' management. '- " Cigalo" at tho Lyrio Thoatro roaohod tho 260th representation oh Friday, Juno 12j whon in acoordanco with what promises to be an ostabliahed qustom among Londoners a "floral eouvonir " was prosohted to ovocy mombor 'of tho audioiloo. ' '' At Adolaido the prinoipal attraotlons aro Bland Holt's Copapapy in the now molodrama ''Never Despair,'! tho Hallo eonaorts .and Bridget O'Brien, Esq." Apropos of the latter pjeao " Fun on tho Brletol" waa running at tho London Standard a mouth or two ago, with Mr. John Lisbourno as tha Widow. In regard to Mr. Colli's appoaranos in Lin- don early in Jane in " Carmen Up to Data," it is worth noting that Eeoamile is tho part in Bizet's "Garmon" in whioh this gentloman won great favonr at Drory Lnno and in tho provinces. It iB not oiton that an opora singer undertakes a bnrlesquo voreion of a pare that bo has played with suoocss in grand opora. Next year (a aye tbo London Daily Jftw.i) M. Van Dyok hopes to nppoar in tho part of tho hero in Wngnor'b " Siegfried," whioh will, la all probability, bo porformod at Covent Garden in tho original Gorman. Tho ohlof vooatists, no doubt, will be ablo to sing in that tongno, and an tho opora ooutaina no part for a chorus, very littlo difficulty Is likely to ariso. Madamo Mario Rozo wae on Saturday, .Tana S, re-ongaged by tho Carl Rosa Company to head a troup formed for anothor tour In tha English provinces, with a special repertory, be tween August and December next. Madamo Rozo will sing thriae at least in eaoh wook in " Oarmon " nnd nlao in revivuls of "Fadetto" and Masso's " Galathoo," and later on it is possiblo that " La Fillo du Regimoat " will ba added to tho repertory. On Monday, May 18, at tho Royal English Opora, London, Sir Arthur Sullivan oonductod in porson tha 102nd porformanoo of " Ivanlioo." Tho opora goeB hotter than over, whilo the musio sooms as frosh as over. It is a remark able faot, and ono upon whioh Mr. D'Oyly Carto is right to lay stress, that no previous English opora has cvor boforo aobiovea eaoh a run on its first produotion. Indood, Mr. D'Oyley Carta goeB further, and declares that no previous grand opora has ovor boea per formed on 100 consecutive nights in ono theatre in tho world. Whether this is so or not . it is not easy to dotormino. Tho only rooont ovonts at the Covont Garden Opora Houso oalling for speoial raforonoo aro (reports tho Queen of May 30) a remarkably fino performance of Meyorboer's " Les Huguenots," with a particularly poworfal oast, ana the pro duotion on hacurday last for tho firat time this soasonof Wagner's " Dio Moistorsingor." Tho part of Valentino in Meyerboer'a work wsb both vocally and histrionioally very finely pre sented by Mme. Alboni, tho role of Marguorito do Valoias serving for tho Introduction of a now Russian soprano, Mdlio, Mravias, who proved a fluent and finished vooaliet and a graoefnl aotross, and succeeded in oroating a very favourable impression, Gounod's paatoral opora " Mireillo," which was revived on June l'l in Frenoh at Oovent Garden, was last given there in Italian at tho Royal Italian Oporain tho spring of 1887. Two years previously it had bean announced in Fronoh during a briof soanon of opora at tho Gnioty, bat tho produotion was oventaally abandoned. There aro eoveral versions of the work, and M. Gonnod himself has given opera- gcors tho ohoico of two finolos, of whioh in 1887 tho "happy ending" waa proforrod. Tho opera on this occasion was, howovor, given praotioally in nooordanoo with tho modem oustom of the Fronoh etage ; and tho Beano oi tho death of tho oattio breeder in tho Rhone was also restored. Mr. R. S. Smythe, who reoontly vlsitod Milan, 'reports that Madnmo Simonssn has got togothor an excellent Italian opora company for Australia. AU tho artists on- gbgod aro in thoir primo, and thoy hsvo a good siago proaonoo. The company will in. oludo Signorn Oattloa, Signora Gaiaotti, Sig- nora Maria Mattioli, and Oignora OavaUiori, CiguOl Guloupgu Yilttittt, oignur Januioni Cnttioa, Bignor Nanzio MoIobsI, Signer Gian- nini Bieco, Bignor Luigi Luconti, and Signor Goriolani Torio. With tho oxooption of Signora Cavaliiori, who was u favourito msmb )t of tho last Italian Opora Company, all those vocalists will bo now to Australia, and all of thorn hold good positions on tho Italian oporatio stage. Mr. ManBfiold has (says tho London Daily Mews) produced in Now York a now play cntitlod " Don Juan," wbioh Is described by a not nnfrioudiy oritio as boing "by Richard Mansfield, Lord Byron, Moliero, Sbakespoars, Mr. W. S. Gilbert, Alexandre Dumas tbo cider, Prosper Merimeu, Mr. Mark Twain, and otbsrs." It will be inferred that Mr. Mans field's method of composition has on this occasion been of tho ooleotio order. Thaoritios oomparo tho play to " a wiokod Sundford and Morton," which seams as impossible a develop ment as " a naughty Little Lord Fanntleroy," to whioh it haB also boon likonod. Mr. Mans- tlold'B aoting is admired ; bat the play appoara to have failed to glvo satisfaction to a distin guished Now York first night audienae. A vory oroditablo performaaco of Ambrose , Thomas's opora " Mlgnon" was given at tho Roy ally Thoatro, London, on Saturday, May 23, by tbo pupiiB of Mr. GaBtavo Garoia's Lyrio and Dram&tio; School. Tho opora was given minus tho ohornsos, but tho solo parts were, all- things considared, satisfactorily enpportod, Miss Flor- onco Eason, of tho Royal Aoadomy of Mnslo, proving a oompoteut exponent, 'vocally and dramatically, of tbo beroino, Miss Margaret . Edon singing tbe florid musio sot down for Filina, Miss Marin Garoia appearing as Frederiok, Mr. D. Pughe Evans as Laertes, and Mr. William - Green, o! tho Royal College of ' Musio; undertaking tho part of Wilhslm. Tho opora, whiah was prooedod by the ootne- dietlu "The Nottlo," waa oondnoted by Mr. Henry J. Wood. Mr. Toolo has given ns a variod bill lately (eayn tho European Mail), and has now revived H. J. Byron's " Ohawles," in aanjdnotion with a now skit on Ibsen, reported to be from the pen of Mr. J. M. Barrio. Byron's oomodr in written on the old- fashioned linoi, which dispensed with overy vestige of probability in tbo plot, without udopting the tearing, racing humours of a throo-aot foroo. Tbors are often neat add 'witty linos, and tho ohlcf obnraotcr is well suited to Mr. Toole, who, 6f ooareo, ouutes hearty laughter, whenever ho i9 upon tbe stage, but the complications do not show much . ingenuity, tho ohnraoter-drawing is focbio and oonveijtionsl, and muuy oi tbo mots' hro too Obviously led up to. for tbo taoto of tho present day. " Ibscu'e Ghost " is on tho whole a vory amusing bit of footing, nnd sefves to dtsplay not only tho manager's humour, but- also nomo very clovor mimicry on tho part of Minn Ireno Vanlrnugh, who appoara first as Mis» Marion Lea in Mrs. RIvated, jind ;'then' -As' Miss 'Eiiznboth Robin in Hodd»'Galilor.';'Tho gat up| iu each OBHO is capital, ahA'- vhe' qhsngo mqst olov'orly oxooptod, hut tho'ihtltdtiqp of , Uifd Lea is far better uud uibre' telling than 'that "of ffliss Robins. Mr. Toole's'; git up as 'Ibjws hitaself was admirable, aridflaituo'barlier pnp of the elrit ho was amusing In some psa- ' tomltnio -'eflorta (a tho otylo pf VL'Enfant Prpdlgue." ' Tho vvonkpat part was Mots Eliza , Johnetoiie's get op as " PotorV Doll," and rchdoring of tho bqrlotqqo oxpostnlation .'with her husband was not, liu: happy ;aa tho ' other parts, of . the' so'eno. 1 " Ibia'n'a Ghost" ,.lp i just' the right length ' far > thing' of this ' gina.' and will. bs f bund 'A'.yalnlible'ipaditlpn to |Mr. Toola'e programme 'dniring' the saaeoih. ; Mr. Gtorgoflhotion waaeiltiiilivi'dorlh'o foolish' - hasbud. 