[?] fPrnr% ' At what Cost," a new bdofi of stories By the late Hugh Conwiy . author of " Called tlaek." fiitfrrii; winn. John." I said, holding the glass the lamp and my eyes, and admiring fife rich, ruby tint. "Capital, isn't it?" replied Johri, finddliug Hut glana in the palm of his hand in order to tf&rm; the vftno and fnlly bring out its bouquet hndflivonr. We had junt finished the sort 0? oinner I fionsidnr perfection for t"o persona. A drop W Blear snap, 3 enle,- and r braoe 0? wood- cticSS. This is, to my mind, as nice a dinner fiS ftati be deviai-d, and one which, having taten, yon .have no occasion io reproaoli yonr- S'elf with hi;.;h Feeding or gluttony. Others inity devour huge cuts from surlom, leg, oi' saddle, but I am always contented with a humhln menu like the ahiye. " Thirty-fohr, of course," I s3id, after tasting Sic port again. John nodded, and continued nursing his " Where did yon buy it, John ? " I In quired " Didn't buy it," replied Julm. " Yon can't b«y efeoH wine as that now:" "A gift from a grateful olient. i presume," ' I said, re filling rtiy glass. " Not a bit of it: Clients ain't so generous, how-days. It we can get cur costs we ere con tent.", " Well, how did yon pet it 1 " ' Piole it," repiied John, Bhortly. 41 What do.ynn mean ? " " I mean, I stole that wine as mnch (SBetret 5 thief stole a watch.-. I planned, plotted, and at last Bticeeeded in eflfeoting the theft. Yon fronld have done the same, would yon not ? " "I don't know, it depends Upon the risk 8! conviction aud imprisonment. Bdt, tell me hll about it." John placed all the bottles fairly between Ua bind began : — " You know my old nncle, William Slagg — fit any rate you have heard of him; Well, he blade's pood bit of money dryeaiting. and, what is more, made it wheu ha was a youngish rfSan. Ha must have been well brought up, br mixed with the right sort of people, tor he (developed a wonderful taste for wine, and, instead of doing what lots of people do now, inore shame to them — send out to their grocer's for half a-doien as they want it— hsed to buy a pipe or a butt at a time and lay it down. He reaped the reward of his seneibe fidndtiot, for when he retired from dryeaiting, He found himself with a cellar not only amply e tootled, bus without a drop of bad wine in it. to he settled down to live comfortably on is investments, and to drink his wihe in peace. " Poor old boy I It Was beantifnl so see him knd amusing th hear him with the deoanters in front of him. He knew, the history of each wine he gave you, and nearly all had a ten der reminiscence for him. He would sip a drop of eherry, and look across at me and pay : " I call this more than wine, Joun. It is a poem ; something to enjoy and think frve-C Then he Would ttirn to the port. " I bought that pipe, John, when I made a -Wonderful hit in taliow ; " or, " that claret, John, I laid down when log-wood went np to feuch a p-io-i," and so on. " TiiS oid man was by no means a wine- Blhfcer, but he wonld take his four or five hlanerB attar dinner and enjoy them. Ho suf fered a littlo from gout before ha died, but not tnorn than many eldorly gentlemen with rnbi- bnnd faces. He lived a good many years, fenjoying the frnit of his labours and the juioo.ia his cellars, and at last slipped away Quietly and peacefully. His last words were to " ' Give them the '47 and the green seal bherry at the funeral. John. There's more body, more soiemaity in those wines than horhe of the others.' 11 And then oid William Slagg went off. and I naVe no doubt is now the best judge of nectar In the upper regions. " He left mo his executor, and I am happy to Say, the reversion of a considerable sum When his widow dies. " Bat it Was not without a feeling of disap pointment 1 found all the coutents oi his house, including the oellar of wines, were hers absolutely. " It peemed. absurd for a splendid lot of Vine like that to belong to a woman who Vonld be utterly unable to appreciate them, and whose ideas of wine were bounded, after tho manner of womankind, by sweet cham pagne on one side and family port on the Other. I had never expected to be left so mnoh taoney, but I hu always cherished the hope that uncle Slagg, who had greatly approved bf the way in which i had direnssed his iiquur, Vfdul'd bav9 left me those wines. " However, I thought vary likely the widow Vonld prefer a Rood sum of money to the full bins, so I intended to offer to bay them after fc decent- interval; My Annt Slagg has very different Ideas to those of her late and lamented husband. I remember her, however, as a sensible b/dthan, and having a good eye to the main bhanoe; She had been a capital wife to Wil liam SiafiK, bat, about a twelvemonth before His death, she had attended some revival taeetings— a lovefeast, or something of that sort — and been oonverted. I can't tell, of coarse, but I feel enre that nothing can be tnore annoying to an ordinary man than to find the wife Of his bosotfi — who has jogged along " Vith him very comfortably in a give-and-take ityte for many years-euddenly turn ronnd and lecture him npon bis amiable little weak- hesseSt " I ariti convinced the shock of her donvsr- bton hastened poor old William's death. He had been so acoustomad to look npon drink- Ing good wine as the duty of a Christian, that 'when his wife made a new departure, and be- bame a rabid teetotaller, the thing was too tnuCh for him, and he died trying to solve the peoblem. She would quote Sir Wilfred Law- Bon, Dr. Richardson, and other authorities, hll dinner time, and, when the decanters were placed upon the table, walk away with a look bf dhastehed sorrow npon her face. Nothing bf ootirse, could wean Uncle Slagg from his Vine-pots, as she called his little weakness, Bat I know after tirades, the liquor hud lost bomb of its flavour for him, and did not taste . Ihe same rb in tbe old days before her awaken- . fag, wh'eb she wonld fill his glass, and even bress bim to take an extra one for the sake of bis health. I wonder he did not alter his will fcnd, no doubt, be wonld, had he known what lengths her fanaticism wonld lead " t managed, by skilful taotics, to keep j>n . pretty good termB with the old lady. I took the temperance tracts With whioh fehe bristled, and led her to understand that, If I contd not make np my mind to take the pledge at once, it was a good deal out of con sideration for her hnsband's feelings, and I might do so some day. She looked npon me hs a Veak Vessel, bat had great hopea that I might ;e'vbntnally be strong enough to hold febe gift oi grsoe, as she rather ohriously farmed it. After William Slagg's death, I pad. In my position as executor, a lot of baaifl'efes to transaat with her, and for some VeekB saw her nearly every day. I thought the time was coming when I might hroaoh the subject of the oelJar to her, and, ss I was walking to the hohse one afternoon, deter mined to Bound npon it, t rang and knooked for some minutes, bat ooald get no answer to fay summons. They are all npstairs, 1 thought had can't hear fae. Then I remembered that the day before, after going through a lot of >ap&'rs of my nnole's, I had looked the drawers ?nd pat the keys in fay pocket. His latch- ey was amongst them, and I took the liberty bf opening the door with it; " As I entered the honse, I Etaelt a very eWlitir smell proceeding froth the kitbhen. (uc. ougux oa » uc -y They most have broken a bottle carrying it bp, I thobght; Perhaps, after all, the old fady is not So strict a teetotaller when alone. And flahghed at the idea, little dreaming Trotfi Vheboe the Sfaell oame. I uonld find bnbffelh Any of the sitting rooms, and as I bnfMfatffiefapving in the basement, pro- VMled them. My Aant, hearing my stops on ffiktadrex&n; to tbe kitchen door to see who % was. .1 notrbed she appeared vexed as she "Kagaged this tteShhon. " A e she spoke, i noticed the emell of the Wine was almost overpowering, and I Wondered what she was doing. "She had eoiue old gown on, and that cover id with a rough, white apron, apparently soaked with come coloured fluid. She wos da?'ty, dirty, untidy, and heated, and I noticed blood flowing front a out nn her hand. What extraordinary household exploit could she br; engsgi d in ? " When a lady tells vou decidedly sh9 can t stop to talk to you, and when she appears up to har eyes in oleauinR the houeo or something of that sort, the next thing to do_ is to make yourself sunrco J so I apologised for my intrusion and promised to call again to morrow. " But what a strone smell of wine, annt ?" I said. " Don't you notice it ?" " 1 My servants have juet broken a bottle or two1" she replied, looking rather eniiiarrassed. < Good- hye, John, shot the door after yon." " 1 Good-bye," I aaid, and retraced my stops. " As I went np those dark kitoben stairs, a sadden thought struck me. And yet it seemed SO wild and absurd that I lauyhed at the idea. Bu% before I reached the tern, it had taken foil possession of rne, and I re't cold and pale with dread. I could not bear the uncertainty and determined to ascertain, at any risk, if my suspicions were oorrect. Instead, there fore, of shutting the door from the outside, 1 shut it with a good bang from the inside and waited, scarcely breathing, at the top of the stairs. After a minute's listening, _ my ears caught a crosh of glass, and then a rich gurgle of fluid, that eent a thrill of horror through my heart. Another crash, another gurgle, and then another and another, and even that strange scent of wine stronger and stronger. It must be as I thought, so I crept like a cat down the stairs once more, and gently opened the kitchen door. No one was there, but I heard another crash and ray aunt's voioe exclaim, in s tone of exalted fervour " 1 Giory — Alleluia — another bait taken from Satan's trap 1" " I passed norosB the kltohen and looked throngh the door of the soullery, and there I saw my annt and one of her red-cheeked servant wenches busily engaged £a knocking the necks off the oobwebbed bottles, and — oh, deseoration I — pouring their priceless contents amid potato parings, soapsuds, and beast liness of that sort down the sink to gladden the hearts of tbe rats in the main sewer. " For a few moments, I was so taken aback I ooald not speak or move. It seemed like a ghastly dream. Yet it was real, and I aonld see an exalted look in my aunt's faoe, ftnd_ as I heard her exclaim with enoh cruel decapita tion, " another bait Bnatched from Satan 1" I knew the pnor woman was earnest in her oonviotion, and imagined she wrb doing right. As I looked at this etrange scene, thinking what course to take, an exclamation behind me made me tarn, and I esw in the kitchen the other red-cheeked servant girl, bearing on her muscular arm a bottle-basket holding a dozen of wine she had evidently brought np from, the cellar for the purpose of immolation. 0, William Slagg, you must have turned in your grave 1 If I had ever believed in ghosts this work would have banished hy belief, for if anything could have brought a ghost baok t. o earth, the paorifioa going on would have brought yours back; That basket contained the Very particular, the joy of your heart, the wine that only oame forth on the most important occasions, the very opening of which was a religions ceremony, and fervant prayers went up over each bottle that the cork may have withstood the ravages of years and the wine be still sound i And now — — " Even if the eervant had not discovered me, I should have interfered then, so ! stepped boldly forwards into the scullery and confronted the heartless executioners. The servant, looking sheepish and ashamed, pui down the bottle, the neck of whioh was jus; approaohing the edge of the stone sink. Mj ftunt, with the consciousness bf reotitnde, met my gaze firmly. " Thank heaven I returned;" I Baid. " What does this mean ?" " 1 Moan, John 1 Only that I am doing fay duty." " ' Doing your dut7 in pouring the finest oellar of wine in London down a common sink 1" "'Ynn know my views, John. I eay, " touon not. teste not, handle DOti" " B'no has been touching and handling with a vengeance, I thought, but I kept my temper, and said: — But if yon won't drink it, why not sell it and give the proceeds to the poor, if yon like ?" " No, John. I have considered tbe subject fnlly. _ Mv dnty is to pour it down there. If I sell it — if I give it away — someone will drink, and every drop of wine that passes down a man's thrbat helps tb float him to perdition." " Her imagery was strange, but her mind wbb mode np, so, after a pause I said " Gome upstairs and talk with me. Tall your servants to stop for a bit." ' " She followed me, saying, " it's no good talking, John ; my mind is made np." " I oast about for a way to move her, and at last decided on a bold oourse. " Wfc seated ourselves in the dining room, near that polished mahogany board in whioh poor old Uucle Slagg loved to see the crystal decanters mirrored. Then I commenced gravely— " ' My dear Annt, yon will understand that form motives of prudence I oonld not speak before yonr servants as I oan now. Of oourse, I do not dispute your right to do what yon like with yonr own, bat I am sure yon cannot be aware of the penalties yon are incurring in this wholesale destruction oi fermented liquors." " ' How do you mean 7 " Bhe said startled. " I mean'" I replied, in the most sol9rnh accents, " that yon are defrauding the excise and are liable to heavy fine and, I believe, imprisonment. " " ' Bm : the wine Is my own," she argned. "Precisely; so in this sovereign mine, but were I to dip, debase, or to destroy it, I lay myself open to legal proceedings and punishment. Wine haB paid duty and is pro tected in the same manner as this sovereign.1 " ' How unjust," she said. " ' It may be so, but it is the law. More over, the informer gets a good share of the fine, so see how yon place yourself in yonr servants' power and what temptation yon expose tbem to.' " 'But I will go to prison and glory in my martyrdom,' she said, with an angelio look. " ' Exouso me, my dear Aunt, but I cannot afford to go to prison, and, as I am the execntot and responsible for everything, I should share your fate. It may. seem selfish, but I must guard against this. I shall, there fore, ask yon to give ma the key of the oellar; allow me to seal up the door, and I promise yon, at the expiration of a twelvemonth, when I give yon legal possession of everything here and take yonr discharge, I will return the key, and yos mnat then pleaee yourself.' " ' Now, I well k'nowbow frightened women are at the idea of oomiDg into collision with the law, sb although the penalties I threat ened her with were improbable and absurd, they set her thinking, and I awaited her answer hopefully. I added, though as ia make-weight " ' How terribly vexed poor nnole wonld have been had he seen yon to-day.' ' ' I believe, Jobn, that in the place my dear hnsbend now is, he fully realiees the errors of his life, and oonld he look down' — or np I thought — he wonld be pleased to se'e my actions.' " I thonght of the poor old fallow as I last saw him at the table and smiled at the idea, bat was too wise to contradiot her. After a pause, she said: — "Well, John, yon have been very kind and attentive, and I should not like von to get into trouble, so I will do as you wish. Bat, mind, at the end of twelve months nothing shall stop me throwing all the wine away.' "I saw the basket of the' very peculiar' pafely restored to its sung bin ; I looked tbe door, affixed my seal to it, and carried, the key away; rejoioing that I had arrived in time to save the wine. " But my task.tr as not ha'f over. I know my -Aunt so well, end felt sore she would ctS-ha4hSfd!it 'd&fiiration; tfihe named, so i wove a plot to Obtain atfto- lufe possession of the wine, without putting her in a madhouse, or even forfeiting her goodwill or any chance legacy. " I said not itnof her word nbont the cellar, but, when the summer came, persuaded, her to go away to the Hoa-sirie for a short time. With all hor mngmficnnt oonduc as to wast ing nlcohnlia treasures, she was rather near, and eaid she could not afford it. She would like to go for a month or two, but found the expense's of her present house too great: I suggested letting it furok'hed for the time to a respi-ota'ole tenant. She fell ir> with this suggestion, and when, through the house- agent, my friend Tom Sinclair offnred to take the house at a handsome some per week, and brought her unexceptional references, the matter was set- tied. Tom said he had his own servants, eo she sect hers away on hoard wages. On the evening of the day she loft, I met Tom hy appointment at the house. His servants were ail a myth, and there was no one to interfere with us; We broke the seal and opened the door, and found in the cellar, which had been excavated and en larged hy my old uncle's directions, at least five hundred dozens of wine, sleeping in beautifully arrauged bins, peacefully and happily, little dreaming how narrowly they had escaped total destruction. " I determined to act with great caution. We had plenty of time before us, and I felt, to escape detection, the cellar must be left as we found it. I made an exact plan of it, marking the oontents of the bins, and the DumOer of bottles in each, and also noting the appearance as well as I oonld. And then, Tom, commissioned by mo, went ronnd to auctioneers and wine merchants baying &B; cheaply as he could all the refuse he could find. Sour claret, fetid Bherry, and fusty port formed the staple of his purchases. He was a perfect godsend to tha lucky trades men he patronised, and if they ever imagined he was going to drink his purchases, all who sold him wine were equally guilty of man slaughter. We had it packed and sent to Tom's warehouse, and in two or three jour neys hauled it to my Aunt's and staoned it in the basement. The bonse was in a quiet neighbourhood, and stood in a garden, so we ran little risk of dsfcection. And then onr work began. We were a month at it off and on, and I assure yon the labour was so hard that only the thought of the rich rewatd enabled me to go throngh with it. We trusted no one, bat did everything ourselves; We took the binB regularly, emptied them of their contents, unpacked a sufficient quantity of our dreadful purchases to replace them, and, having done that, filled the empty oases with the real Simon Fare, labelled each with the partioulard, and nailed them down. In about a mnnth our work was complete, and the five hundred and odd dozens of the old man's cherished wine lay ready packed for removal, whilst, throngh onr oarefclnesB, the oellar presented an appearance very mnoh the same as it did before we commenced onr meritorious tnsk. The risk of detection was rendered less, from my Uncle having fol lowed the old-fashioned plan of filling the bins with sawdust. This, whioh was old and. dirty, we oarcfully replaced, and, re-looking and re- sealing the door, after packing the last oaiie, executed a danoe of triumph at the sucoeBs of onr plot eo far, and fullj trusted to our cloverneas in dompletely deceiving the old lady. In the dusk of the evening we sent two large wagons to the bohse« and by twelve o'clock that night -the rescued trea sures were safe in Tom's warehouse under look and key. Of coarse, onr operations had lefe the basement of my Aunt's house in a terrible litter, so we devoted another week to pntting all that straight. This being done to our satiofsction. Tom wrote to Mrs. Slaggi and enclosed a cheque for two months' rent, saying that his plans being changed he in tended to leave the house at once. The old lady, who had grown tired of the seaside, oame back, and, althongh mnoh disgusted at the dusty state she found the honse in, and vowing nothing should induoe her to let it again, never showed the slightest snspieion of what had transpired daring her absenoe. " Now that I was happy as to the wines I waited with great curiosity to see whether, at tha expiration of the time of probation, she wonld carry ont her Intentions. I found she was as firmly resolved as ever, and as I wished to see the end of the affair, after handing her the key, with a feigned protest, I told her I had almost persuaded myself with hor ideas she oonld not do otherwise, and offered to give her any assistance I oould in the good work. Almost incredulous, she accepted my aid, and a good work it was to ponr the filthy contents of those bottles down the kitchen sink. Fangb 1 it nearly made ns all sick ; hat I know my assistance on that occasion seenres me a good legacy, as she altered her will in my favour the next day. " The oream of the joke was that, as the servant girl brought up a basket full of the noxious compounds and reported that this waB the very last, my Annt hesitated for a few minntes, and, as perhaps some tender reoolleotions of her late husband presented themselves, said to me : — " John, if yon would like to take this last dozen, for your poor cncle's sake, you oan. I nnoht .to do away with all. I know, bat one dozen is very little from the targe Quantity 1 have sacrificed. So take it, if yon wish.' " I trembled at the idea, and answered as one who overcomes a severe temptation " My dear Annt, don't lec any inclination of mine lead, yon front what you consider yonr dnty. No doubt, I shall be better with out it, se let it follow the rest.' " She gave me a pratefnl smile, and thg laBt dozen of "William Slagg's supposed wine gargled down the sink, and my Aunt oleaned herself from the stains of the sacrifice, and went to a prayer meeting radiant and happy. She, no donbt, expects har reward hereafter, and doubtless she will receive it, for if ever a good aet was done in thiB world, she did one whan she poured away that five hundred dozen of horrible stuff called wine." John, having finished his tale, took a bright little key from his pocket, and rose. " I suppose your friend Sinclair claims! some of the spoil ?" I asked. " O, yes, the wretch 1 Wanted a hundred and fifty dozen, but I managed to compound for about half that quantity. So my oellar of wine was cheap after all, and I can well spare that other bottle I am now going to fetch." 