Echoes of tfye Week. / BY GEORGE AUGUSTUS SALA. all qtteenjland bioihs rbhervbd, No. XI. London. Satilembor (21. Has ox-Fresldont Biilinucoda really shot liiinsolf at Snntiugo, as wo learn from ques tionably trustworthy Now York cablegrams, or is his alleged suicido as fictitious a ono as that of tho inconsequent husband who wrote to his wifo that lie had out his throat and would bo back in a fortnight? Or, it may bo, tho heart of tho would-bo solf-ulauglitcror fulled Irim at tho last moment, as aid that of tho bankrupt in whoso empty bedroom tbora wns found a written paper running thus : " What Onto did and Audtson approved — I'm blowcd if I do, I Bhall bolt." "Waioli ho had accordingly dono. » . . Ono really does not know what to beliovo in tlicso_ lying telegram duys. Thoro is an old Spanish buriosquo ballad, conjuring up sueli contingencies ns Mahomot, Fierubrns nnd tho Cid getting fuddled together, whilo Fasquin of Homo careered through tho air, holding tho toil of a flying torn cat, nnd taking up Pontius Filuto by tho way ; tho burden of each stanza of this budgot of absurdities being " Que hombre no we mnravilla Oil, what a surpriso. But nothing would bo astonishing about Don Joso Bubnucedu — by tlio way of Now York. Tlio other day ho had escaped 111 tho disguiso of a drunken American sailor, and lind taken re fuge on board Admiral Brown's flagship. To morrow I10 may turn up ns a niggor minstrel at Baltimore, a Pullman oar conductor at Buffalo, or a pork- packer at Chicago. » According to tho laws of Spanish punctuation tho refrain from tho old ballad wliioli I quoted just now should have a noto of interrogation at tlio beginning ns well us tho ond of tho son- tcnoo; only tlio first "?" should bo reversed. When wo eomo seriously to roform oiu- "stops" us well as our spelling, wo might advan tageously adopt tlio Spanish double query. It would bo wonderfully usoful in unsnring the intonation of young people who aro boing trained in tho art of rendihg aloud. Moro than a hundred years ago Dr. Franklin strove earnestly to introduce tho Custiiiuu duul query into Aiiglo-Suxondom, but his efforts iu this direction seem to have been fruitless. « Could Nelson speak Fronoli ? Not a word I should say ; although Lady Hamilton, at Naples, may luivo taught him a littlo Italian. Yet, it scoins to bo considered by my Lords of tho Admiralty liiut it is timo seriously to encourage tlio study or the Gnlliu tongue among naval officers, und candidates for eadotsliips, because, forsooth, during tbo recent slay of tlio French squudrou nt Portsmouth, it was found that most of tho Fronoli officers wero fluent English scholars ; whereas tho English officers wore, as u rule, unacquainted with the French, oven of Strutfqrd-atte-Bowo. o » « Tliero is reason in tho roasting of eggs ; nnd thoro is a dofinito liistorio reason for so many French ojlleieis de marine talking capital English. Very many of tlio.se gallant gentle men aro Erotuns by birth, and Legitimists iu polities. Thoy aro proud of their Aemorioan descent. Tho other duy, in tho list of tho Mayor of Portsmouth's French uuvnl guests tliero were 110 less than five distinctly Cornish names — regular "Trcs," " Pols," and " Pens." Again, in numerous instances, tlio grnudsires und grnuddums of tho Brolnn mival officers had been emigres in Eiighmd during tlio first Itc- volntiou ; niul their descendants continue, in ttil'celionato sympathy, to study the hmgiiugo which their forefathers learned perforce during their weury yours of exile. « » Two littlo culinary controversies — not tem pests in teacups, but rather storms in stowpaus — uvo raging j ust now. Tlio «. James' Diuette is much exercised in its eorrcspoudcntinl mind ubont the orthodox rccipo for tho mnking of that peculiarly barbarous nud to limuy ex tremely nauseous disb, bouillabaisa ; whilo in tho I'imee a lively disputo is in progress be tween 0110 Mr. waller and a certain elderly "party" with whom I liuvo been personally acquainted for 11 good many years touching tho authorship of tlio liistorio cookery book iniown as Mrs. Glasse'H. , » « « As regards bouillabuiso I hold that it is not ono whitainoro sueoulant plat than tho Ameri can "clam-chowder," of which it is a 0011- gouer ; although it must ho ndmittod in favour of tlio Now England dainty tliut it does not rock of oil and gtirliu us tlio Provencal 0110 doos. Any ilsli will nitiko bouillnlnuso, or, for tlio mutter of tliut, chowder likowise, if t.lio stow be conducted on soiisiiilo principles. Tiiom is a Chowder Club, with whoso members I iiavo been been privileged to fcust— under tlio mm de pttei re of "grampus" — on an island in tho harbour of Sydney ; nud the Now South Wales piscina " boilduum" is us good us any iness of tho kind tlmt wns over cooked nt tho "re serve " at Marseilles or on tho shores of Mus- suehusetts Bay. .Still, always hour this in mind, bouillubaiso und chowder, iu their origin, uro both smugglers' dishes, bnenunoers' dishes, pirates' dishes, and lire altogether oxcrcscont to civilised cookery. a « » As regards Mrs. Hannah Grlusso's cookery hook I must leuve Mr. Waller and tlio elderly " party" to light it out in tlio Tune. Inn week or so, probably, tlio subject will bo ad ditionally ventilated in "Notes and Querios." I lmvo only incidentally alluded to it hero, bo- cutiso suinu timo since, exasperated by souiu spiteful remark from souio "new journalist" to the ofi'out that I coidd only write about cooks und cookery, I gavo my readers a liu.ll pledge that for tlio future I would say us littlo us wns possible about gastronomy in the " Echoes." o » 0 I .withdraw thut half- pleilgo now. Why ? Because I liuvo heon reading tho "Lifo and C'orrospondoiieo of Daviil Hutno, ' ' by tlio Into John llill Burton : and I find tho illustrious philosopher and historian, in 1709, iutho autumn of his years and tho fulness of iiis fame, writing thus from Edinburgh, to Sir (filbert Elliot, "1 lira hero, and must for a. twelvemonth, iu my old houso iu James's Court. It is very choer- ful und elegant, but too small to display my groat talent for cookery— tlio solcnco to which I intend to addict tho remaining year's of my lifo. I hnvo just now, lying 011 tjie tablo before me, a rooipo for making aotipe a lit reine" — it should bo potugo, David — "copied with my own liiind, nnd for beef nud cabbage." Ho proceeds to speak of a sheep's bead broth of his concoction which "Mr. Keith spoko of for eight days after." Smeiim nntn ! I will not couso to "addict" myself lo gastronomioal folk loro during tho briof remainder of ray span, ovon as Duvid Humo did. « Thoro Is happily a surcenso in tho grim dis cussion about tho oxpedionoy of hanging murderers; only 0110 still stnull roico has been uplifted in tlio Press to nslc which expression is correct — " hunged or hung," Tho dictum of a loarned judgo is quoted to tho purport thut "hoof is hung, but criminals are hanged." But then, Thomas Hood, in his odo on Clapham Academy, writes tlmt ' ' Blitlio Cnrow is hung." Just before I loft London I lookod pretty ourofully through Eluolcstono. In tlio pages of tho grout author of tbo " Com mentaries " felons nro hanged " not " hung." Nobody is "hung" "in tlio Scriptures; liut Phnrouli's cliiof baker, and tlio King of Ai, and Human, and many , othor ovil-doora aro "hanged." In Shakospcaro, swords, trophies, signs of battle and victories, aro "liung" ; but Lear's poor Fool is hanged, and so ia Bur- dolph, for stealing a pix. It strikes mo that tho judges sontenco mur derers to bo "linnged by tlio neck " because tlio phrase has a moro Biblical and solemn sound tlmn "hung." This may bo a gram matical reason too, but English grammar is not ono of my acquirements. It is at tho same timo worthy of remark that tlio "Nowgate Colondar " very rurolv speaks' of a oriminul as having been M hanged." .Tlio wrotoh is usually 1 ' launched into eternity. ' ' » It was nioo and pious of tho 2,000 French pilgrims who were received by tho .Popo in the Vatican to present 'his Holiness with a reli quary " which contained tho head of St. Pe- tronilla." "Tho reliquary" la said to bo u very beautiful one " in tho Qotiiio stylo" — o highly inappropriate ono nndor ihe eirouin- stances, eooing that tho saint flourished in Pagan Itomo, in tlio first century of our era ; nnd tlio begiuning of Gothio architecture wns not earlier than tho ninth century. Bntlshould like to know when and wlnr St. Potronilla cumo to he tho patron saint of Franco, nnd how it was that her head travelled across tlio Alps and hnok again ? Tho pretty sabit should properly shuro with St." Ontherinp tlio pntronago of spinster's ; for it was her infloxiblo determina tion to remain in a state of single blessedness that lod to hor martyrdom. « Thoro Is another legend concerning St. retro- nilla, Porino, Pornolle, or Perronollo, which hits been commemorated by a mosaic in the Vatican after a picture by Guercino now, I think, in tlio Cupitolino Musoum. According to tho painter or his aloricnl prompters St. Petronillu was a Vestal Virgin, who had let tho Sacred Firo out because sliodeolined to believe in its sanctity, nnd who was buriod alive in oxpiulion of lier malfeasance. Gucremu's picture represents tlio exhumation and apotheosis of the saint in tlio prcsenoo of bor fiance, the young, hiuidsomc, and wealthy patrician, FInocus, who, by tlio way, tho artist has dressed in tlio costumo of a inaslior of tho 10th century. Among tho ponsantry of tlio Cumpiignu tliero still lingers tho belief that St. Potronilla wag a daughter of St. Peter. It is edifying to learn from the Review of Reviews tlmt Mr. Stead luis liover soon a ghost ; but that ghosts aro proved "by the unbroken testimony of mankind ;" and that it is timo to tako a census of tlio world's gliosts. I hops that tlio list will comprise tho "Ghost of a Floa," wliioh tlio crazy painter, "William Blake, deolarod that ho had scon, and of which lio executed a beautifully-tinted drawing. Onco 111 iny lifo liuvo I seen a ghost ; but I luivo long since boon convinced that the appari tion was an optical delusion, susceptible, on strictly technical grounds, of satisfactory ex planation. Possibly tho neatest saying about ghosts was thut of Muduino do Stael, "I don't beliovo in thorn," tho authoress of "Corimie" was wont to remark, "maisje les trains, I am afraid of them 1" « Bear, good Mr. Walter Besnut litis extended tlio hospitality of tho rooms of tlic Society of Authors to a meeting of ladies who wish to CBtablisli a Women's Press Club. On the whole, a place for meeting, reading, writing, and refroshmonte for lady journalists is a far moro praoticablo idea than that of a male authors' club. Most men of letters belong to tlio clubs most iu harmony with their political prin ciples or thoir sooinl predilections, but in a dub of wliiob authors ulono were members, tbey would bicker with," bark nt, and perlmps bite ono another. Women, 011 tho other hand, nro loving, sympathising, single-minded, tolerant, Bclf-sucrifloing souls, incupuble of hatred, envy, malice, und uuchuritnhlcncss. A club for lady journalists, comfortable, cosy, with 11 good lniioheon cuisiuo and an amplo library of refer ence might provo a distinct boon to a class of ladies who, I rojoioe to icnow, uro growing muro numerous and moro capable evory day. » » Tho Si, James s Gazette writing 011 tlio "Rod nnd tlio Child" question remarks that littlo boys und girls of losthotic (ruining might per haps bring themsolvos within tbo rencli of tlio cnjiital punishment of tlio domestic circle if tlioy knew that tlioy wero to bo chastised with rods tied up with bluo ribbons. But tlio baity raphir, commenting 011 this humorous de liverance, doubts whether tlio tingle inseparable from carpet contemplation would bo leas, even if nccoinpanicd by tlio knoivledgo that it was inflicted with a blue-ribboned bireli. « « « v In this connection- let mo give tho St. James' Gazette and tho ''uihj Graphie a little item of West Indinn histoiy. When tlio French Re volutionists subjugated tho insurgent licgrecs in St. Domingo they abolished tho uso of tbo cowhide whip us being a brutnl, barbarous, and anti-revolutionary instrument of punishment. But wlion tho Huytian blacks refused lo work, their Fronoli guides, philosophers, and friends took to scourging j.tliem unmercifully with tamarind rods whiah, further to ineiilrnto tho mitxim of "liberty, equality, and fra ternity," wore dyed in tlio tricolour. Tlio tiimnrind rods cut tlio poor Qiiashies' bucks to pieces ; tlioy failod to sco whero tlio tun cumo m of being flagellated with bundles of switches dyed, rod, white, nnd blue ; nnd tlioy pas sionately petitioned for tlio restoration of tlio co'.vliido. a « And still Lord Randolph Churchill is not happy. Ho is progressing splendidly on his "trek" in South Africa. His carefully selected staff of officers aro nil sous of Anuk, ranging in stature botweon six feet three und six feet six, nnrl ho has been entertained nt 11 camp fire concert, nt-wliiuli 11 snug was sting, nomowhnt unlinndsouiely disparaging Sir Charles Warren's u>diicvomonts 111 Bocliiinim- land. What more could 1111 nristocmti'i globe trotter want? "Goue to Butavia by do Great Barrier Roof route," a friendly Dutch shipping agent onco snid to me at Brisbane in Queens land. "Doy is lofcly sdeatners. Koch Schnapps. Kouli a panel on board. It is gin nnd lnusig do wliolo- vav." Gin nnd music always 011 tap ! But bifiliant as was tlmt pro gramme, it must yield to tlio attractiveness of giant's camp firo concerts, and jeers at Sir Charles Warnm in South Africa. » « e Lord Randolph complains bitterly tliut tlio West "End London tradesmen to wliom lie paid very high' prices for divers articles in his outfit have not used him well. Tenlpolcs wero too long; packing oases were weak nud flimsy; stuffings for saddles and bottles of embrocation luivo liover boon sent; and an <expon»ive ountecn on boing oponod, wns found to be de fective in many items. Tlio noble pilgrim would perhaps liavo done hotter lmd ho confided tlio supply of his entire outfit to u single firm. " tVhon in doubt try silver." a s a . I reiuombor, muny yours ugo, travelling by G.W.R. from Paddington to Slough and being tlio involuntary uudit'or of tho conversation of two tall young gcntlemoii of military mien, ime of whom wus about to start 011 a voyago to tlio North Capo and oven further. Ho seemed to hnvo obtained neuriy all Ids impedimenta from his tailor ; or as lio puts it liis "tulali." Can- tcous, _ knapsacks, lumps, stoves, fur coats, Boalskm mittens, eutlory, a portalilo ballunu, with somo nntimonial'oiiitmont to prevent tho vnlras frcozing; tlicso nnd a hundred other needments ltlia boon . suppliod by tho obliging Sartor, of Savilo Row. "Got your thermo meters ?" tbo friend of tho intending traveller duo North incidentally asked. "No," replied tho candidate for Arotio honours. " Con founded- West End 'talaliB ' don't soil tliermo- motors." But his own "tululi " seems to have sold him almost overytliing olso. Tho most useful publio servants, tlio public librarians, seom to think that tlio timo is fully ripo for tlio ostnblishment of a society for the prevention of orneltv to books. Of such a Bocioty I would willingly bocoino 11 member. Books nro such quiot, ooustant, faithful, gener ous friends, that I hold it to be almost as shameful to maltroiit tliem as it is to ubuso children or dumb uniinals, und it is difficult to beliovo that Mr. Oarlylo could liavo been quito in his right mind when I10 scribbled " Cock-11- doodlo-do," with a wliolo forest of notos of exolamation following, at tho foot of a version of "Rulo Britannia " in n book which lio had borrowed from tlio London Library. Perhaps tlio ill-conditioned philosopher might liavo hold his Vandal hand had ho uliosen to remember tlmt tho words of "Rulo Britannia" wero written by a Scotolimaii. Perhaps tlio most diabolical hiBtanoo that I onn recolloot of wanton cruelty to books was in the oaso of a oopy of tho first edition of Bickeua's " Master Humphrey's Clock, " which I bought— for a song, so to say — at tho selling off of n circulating library in the Western road," Brighton. Somo fiond, or somo idiot, had guno right through. "Tho Old Curiosity Shop " and " Baruaby Rudge " and disfigured overy faco, malo und femalo, in the beautiful illustrations drawn by Hnblot Brown and Gcorgo Cuttor- molo with a largo pair' of moustaohes ! A vessel of 2,908 tons register, and 316 feet in length, entered tlio river at East London tho other day without any tremble. 