OUR ANGLO-COLONIAL LETTER. , [From our Special Correspondent.] London, November 6. There will Vie large gatherings of ? anfcipo <1triijis at tlit Colonial Institute on December fc i'lui .!;nm;iry 12/ On the first-named occa miu Sir Edward Braddon promises with his , }.;^t;<-r, " Australasia: a vindication," to deal i-.fTeeirually with recent irresponsible critics of G i wiit'.v Britain; whilst on January 12 Pro fi-t^or Anderson Stuart will discourse on " Uni wsicy Education in Australia." Mr.'It. Price-Williams, M.LC.E., leaves for Adelaide in the Britannia on business connected %vi_ih the completion of the Transcontinental railway to Pine Creek. Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Simms have returned to town after a visit to Chipstow, the Wye, South Wales, Peterborough, and Market Deeping. They go north nexc week. Mr. Meldruni, whose indisposition was referred to at the Bank of South Australia meeting on Wednesday,' is not really very ill, but his heart is weak, and the doctor forbids excitement of any sort. If he came to the meeting ..he knew be should be impelled to speak, and that would be bad, even dangerous for him. . Mr. Herbert Lloyd, son of Mr. Edward Lloyd, of Lloyd's ATews and the Daily Chronicle, starts on an extended tour of the Aust ralian colonies in the course of the present month. Mr. Hirst, who offered such practical proof of his belief in the future prosperity of the Bank of South Australia at Wednesday's meet ing, is blind, and modulates his voice in extra ordinary fashion. At one moment it rose to a high falsetto, at another falling to a level monotone very difficult to catch. The sub stance was, however, excellent, and coming from a known expert greatly cheered and heartened up the shareholders. Mr. W. A. Mc Arthur and Mr. Geo. McArthur sail for Australia by the Massilia on the 26th. Mrs., and Miss Kauffman are booked to_ Adelaide, and Mr. and Mrs. Murray-Smith and family to Melbourne by the same vessel. Mr. C. E. and Lady Morgan have decided to leave for Adelaide by the Britannia, joining the vessel at Brindisi about the 20th. Mr. and Mrs. Harrold also go by the Britannia, and other Adelaide passengers include Mrs. E. P. Anderson, Mrs. Boyle, Mrs. Kenton, and Mrs. Skene. Few vessels leaving the port of London during the present decade have aroused more discussion than the steamer Ophir, which . sailed this morning in a veritable hurly-burly of excitement, the crowd of passengers and passengers'friends rendering the vessel for an hour or so an inferno. You must be sure when the Ophir arrives to ascertain how all the various patent apparatuses have answered. The ventilation arrangement is perlyips the most important, for, if it answers expectations the most susceptible to heat need no longer fear the tropics. An expert criticising the Ophir in a lengtny letter to Fair play says:-"At first there was some little anxiety to see whether the saloon and cabins would be cool when the ship was under full steam ; for it may be said \- at once that the engines (boilers) and the pas sengers have the best portion of the great ship allotted to them-that is, amidships. Much to the satisfaction of all it was found that the unique system of ventilation, coupled with the high and airy situation of the pas senger accommodation, rendered the tem perature delightfully cool. I hear that during a preliminary trip the water which actuates the' hydraulic steering gear (Brown's) was pur posely allowed to escape in order to try steering the huge vessel up the Clyde by means of her twin-screws alone, which was successfully done." In the ship of the future this writer predicts electricity will replace Bteain. "I should nob like to cause a pang or painful spasm to the new- unionists, but I can discern a glimmering, of the future when a beautiful bright , little engine, officered by half-a-dozen intelligent chemical and electrical experts, will-take the place of the coal demon and his accompanying dirt and heat and bar barism ; days when the pitch of the screw .will not be set at random, and when smoke Issuing from the funnel will be reckoned equivalent to professional disgrace." It will be remembered that at the last meet ing of the South Australian Petroleum Fields Company Mr. Pearson offered to lend the company certain moneys required for the purchase of the Burmah property. On Wed nesday he met the shareholders tc confess his inability to keep this pledge and to propose a scheme for raising the necessary sum. After hearing Mr. Pearson and some discussion it was unanimously decided that the directors bs authorised to issue £7,500 first mortgage deben tures bearing interest at 10 per cent, for the purpose of completing the purchase of the Burmah property, and as a bonus for the" amount subscribed that two shares be trans ferred to each of the subscribers for every £1 subscribed, such shares to be a portion of those deposited by Mr. Pearson, and that such debentures shall be first offered to the existing shareholders pro rata, any balance not sub scribed by .the shareholders to be disposed of as the directors may deem fit. A formal meeting of the Kaugarilla Com pany was held on Wednesday for the purpose : of confirming certain resolutions altering the articles of association, which were passed at the extraordinary general meeting held on the 10th ult. The Chairman then said that since their last meeting, which was held oh the 19th October, the directors had received information of^he first sale, amounting to over £900 worth of 'concentrated ore. These sales would be continued monthly, and he hoped that eaeh month the sales would become larger and larger. . A great deal of sensational nonsense has, no doubt,, been cabled to Australia during this last week concerning the Armstrong divorce suik The plain truth is said to be as follows: -When Mr. Armstrong came from Australia _JMadame Melba made a desperate attempt to live with him. His tastes and habits were en tirely antipathetic to hers. Still she tried, as she explains, to be nice, and for a short time life ran fairly smoothly with the reunited couple. When, however, the novelty of being a great prima donna's husband wore off- Armstrong constantly, she alleges, ill-treated her. Poor Melba endured it as long as she could, hating the fuss and scandal of legal proceed ings." But seven or eight weeks ago things .came to a crisis, and Mrs. Arms trong instructed Mallesori & Malleson, her solicitors, to file a petition £pr judicial separation on the ground i>f cruelty. Armstrong has retaliated with a petition for divorce, making the Duke of Orleans co-respondent. This is really, Melba's friends say, a piece of the merest brag. They know the truth about the duke. In pure selfish thoughtlessness he compromised her abomin ably in public. There, however, the matter ended. Armstrong knows-nobody better that he has not the ghost of a chance of proving adultery. Melba is a passionless woman, . wrapt up in ber art. All her life, all her energy, all her all are in it. The young duke's adoring admiration tickled her vanity at first. He followed her about everywhere, listening to her lovely voice with hungry ears, and snapping up greedily any kindly word she threw at him. Most prima donnas are troubled with a follower or followers of this description. If the young man had not been the Duke of Orleans no one would have noticed him. At "Vienna madam received the duke at her hotel occasionally, and let him escort her once to the opera when she was not playing. This evening's entertainment was a serious indiscretion from an Austrian point of view, and led to scandal. _ The Imperial family formed the worst conclusions on seeing the pair together in public, and it is alleged that when they came to the: front of the duke's box the ladies of the court circle withdrew. When Melba learnt the significance placed on this incident she was greatly annoyed, and upon the dulce following her to St. Petersburg she got the. Czar to intervene and order him off. The young man seemed bent, however, on playing the fool, and presently actually ventured to Pans to see and hear the prima donna. The absurdest stories were current at this time. One paper declared the duke was m Melba's house disguised as butler; another that she had concealed him in her boudoir. When, however, the police actually did pay madarne a domiciliary visit they found not an indication of his royal highness having been 4rlie. The sole suspicious fact was that Melba declined to say whether she had or had not seen her friend in Paris. ' Arm strong has had two detectives and a solicitor rummaging in Vienna for the last fortnight, but without much result. The allegation in the petition is that Melba committed.adultery with tfa© J)u]c6 of Orleans in Saclizer's Hotel Vienna on February 20, the latter figuring as M. de Vilhers. The proprietor, r,eeordm<*- to Armstrong, admits Melba came there, °but blandly denies she was accompanied by the Orleanist prince. The Duke of Orleans was warned 10 days or more ago that an attempt was about to be made to serve him with a cita tion as co- respondent in the divorce suit, and his servants have been on the alert for sus picious strangers. At St. Johann, in Moravia, where the prince was staying with Baron Hirsch,. several stratagems wire tried fruit lessly. On Wednesday morning, however, as be arrived at Vienna, his roval highness got neatly caught. Two gentlemen in evening dress asked leave to present a bouquet and a petition as the duke stepped from the railway carriage. He handed the flowers to a secretary, and opened the petition, which was neatly vt- ribbon. No sooner, however, did Victoria, by the grace of God," reach his eye, than he realised what had happened, and flinging the papers from him, cursed the "retreating form of the process-server with fluency. _ It subsequently transpired Armstrong claims £20,000 damages. Melba's fate now, to a great extent, depends on the reality of her royal friend's friendship. If he entente himself to the ordeal of the witness bos, all will be well. If, however, his royal inghness is too lazy or too proud to do so the jury will almost certainly charitably assume pie worst. A gossip reminds me that it was in conse rpKW of a bre^b of etiquette at a State eon cert that the duke was obliged to leave St. Petersburg. After Melba sang the prince was so enraptured that lie led tb,e applause in stead of waiting for the Czar to do so. His Majesty ordered him out of the room forth with, but he ignored the Imperial message till one of the grand duchesses came and implored him not to make a scandal. Next day he was requested to leave Russia; In tlie Italian Opera Company at present in London are many artistes who know Melba and sympathise with her in her present trojible. None of them for a moment believe her to have been guilty of anything worse than indiscretion in her friend ship :for Prince Louis. An absurd story ap peared in some of kst evening's papers to the effect that the trial would take place in Mel bourne. Needless to say,'as proceedings have been commenced in the English Courts in the English Courts the case will be tried. Ondit in Vienna that the Duke of Orleans is intensely chagrined at having been successfully served with a citation. His scheme was to avoid service indefinitely, and thus render Arm strong's malice abortive. Now the prince is on the horns of a dilemma, and either horn means scandal. The affairs of Mr. Christie Murray occupied the official receiver for a short time yesterday. Mr. Murray's creditors were called to consider how the estate should be dealt with. Only two, however, put in an appearance, and it soon became evident that the petitioning creditor, represented by Mr. Flegg, was . practically the only actor in the matter. Mr. Murray, who appeared disinclined to afford this worthy much satisfaction, said he had no banking account except his pocket, and his unfinished stories were merely the literary chips an author collected about him, and quite valueless. "Ned's Chum" had been per formed at tlie Globe in order that it might be seenand judged. If bankruptcy proceedings had not been taken against Mm the piece might have been-made a valuable property. Mr. Murray finally wrathfully explained that these proceedings were a speculation on the part of the petitioning creditor's solicitors, who had purchased the debt for £5. He had seen the transfer, and he considered it a disgraceful transaction. The official receiver didrrt think they could go. into that. Mr. W. Alexander Colyer, appearing for Sir. Murray, assured Mr. Flegg that the whole transaction should be carefully examined into at the public ex amination. The official receiver then formally observed that no offer having been made the estate must be wound up in bankruptcy. 