[?] CHAPTER XXV.— PUT TO PROOF. CHAPTER XXVI. -A CHANGE OF QUARTERS. CHAPTER XXVII. — COMING TO AN UNDERSTANDING. CHAPTER XXVIII.— SIR GRAHAM . n A LEAGUER. CHAPTER XXIX. — AUNT TINY. CHAPTER XXX. —THE OLD FIRE FLAMES ANEW. CHAPTER XXXI— UNSEALING THE GRAVE. CHAPTER XXXII— WARNER EXUL- TANT. CHAPTER XXXIII— JOY WITH BIT- TERNESS. CHAPTER XXXIV— CONCLUSION. CHAPTER XXII— Continued. " Won't you ask her ?" pleaded the young girl. " She'd refuse me at once." Harr reflected a few moments. Then he looked up, winking mys teriously, and whispered shrilly— " 1" say, Miss Dora, is a walk in the garden worth ten pounds to you ? The old woman's mad because. I had a drink or so lately, and took all my money last night when I was asleep. Dora comprehended his drift. " I'll give you ten pounds if you'll let mo out a little while," she answered. She took her pocket-hook .from her bosom and produced a ttjn-pbund note, which she fluttered but of tho window, retaining her hold on it. Han- was all eagerness in an instant. Ilis round red face grew yet redder, and he sprang up and came under the window, his eyes sparkling. " Money first, Miss Dora," lie whispered. "Then I'll ask1' tho old woman." Dora dropped the bank note. It fluttered within . Hiirr's grasp, and lie ; put it in . his pocket. . Dora restored lier pocket-book to its biding place, and waited. Harr went babk to tho door- stone, sat down, and took up his pipe. After a minute or two he called his wife. Mrs. Hurt- speedily made her appeariunie from an inner room. " Well, what is it?' she demanded. " Girl all right "Hot by a good sight," replied Jack, with an upward glance. " I jest Iiap- nehed to look at her. and I declare for't she's getting as pale and peaked is a last year's ghost. I tell you, Mr. Warner woii't bo so took with lief, if she's so thin and ghastly when he comes." Mrs. Han- looked up at the window, And iiiet Dora's gaze. " She don't look quite well," she admitted. " But what 'cah I do I" " Trot her round the garden half an hour.!' . Mrs. Harr looked perturbed." " IIo\v can I " she asked, ill an undertone. "She might call out for help,- or Sir Graham Gallagher might see her — v /;.";. "Sir Graham GailagliOr's in hotter business than a-setting a-top of stone walls a-lookiug for gals lie don't know exists," remarked Jack Harr, more forcibly than grammatically. Most like Sir Graham Gallagher's away from home. If he ain't, he's sotting in his . lib'ry, a-swigging wine, as I should do 111 his place. And if lie saw the gal, it's easy to tell him she's your darter. You don't seem up to business. Take tho gal by the arm, and trot lier round; and when, she gcts tired, march her up to her room. There's my advice." Mrs. Harr pondered on it, looked up again at the pale, eager face, and said : " You're right, Jack, for once. She shall have the fresh air," . She entered the cottage,- mounted the stairs, and unlocked Dora's door, entering the room. " Goiiie, put on your hat,'' she. said. " I am going to take you round the garden.". Dora hastily , obeyed, and Mrs. Harr marched her down stairs and out of doors, keeping a tight hold upon hor arm all the time. The garden was in a sadly neglected condition, and the grass- grown walks led through tangles of shrubbery, all matted and grown together ; but after her long imprison ment the fresh air, the glorious sun light and the sweet odors of the flowers from tho adjoining garden were inex pressibly delightful to Dora. For half an hour sho sauntered about, guarded by Mrs. Harr. and during that time she saw no one save the Harr.s, and heard no one besides tuem, except a gardener pruning his peach-trees on the opposite side of the partition wall, and singing as he worked. At last, as tho inan mounted a ladder, and his head began to appear above the wall, Mrs. Harr. hurried Dora up to her room, and locked her in. At about G o'clock tho girl's supper was brought up, and she was left alone for tho night. Tho Harrs secured all the doors, and retired to the basement kitchen, a quarter of tho house that suited thenv best; .and here Harr smoked, while his wife talked of the best plan by which they coulcl securo possession of the money on Dora's person. " I don't know but the best way would be to go in and take it from her when she's asleep," tho woman' mut tered. "She's no business to keep that money from us, and I mean to. have it. I'll think the matter over, and get the money with the least trouble." - Meanwhile Dora continued to sit at her open window, and the day faded, and the long summer twilight brooded softly over the scene, filling the garden with a hundred shadows. The twi light was deepening into night, and Dora was beginning to think of drown ing all her sorrows in sleep, when she heard a sound that thrilled her . pulses and stirred her heart to wilder , beat ings. It was a sound as of someone scaling the stone wall fronting - the lonely scat. "Someone is there," thought the girl, ali at once eager and impassioned. " AVho can it be ? Hot a friend ? Hot Hoel?" She crouched in the shadows, watch ing and listening. And then sho saw a head appear above the top 'of tho wall, and the head was followed by the figure, of a man. She strained her gaze, but could not discern the features of the strange intruder. The man lingered on the top of the wall a moment, appearing to listen, and then lie cautiously descended by wny of tho vines to the ground. Then he halted in the garden, close in the shadow of the high wall. Dora's heart seemed in her throat. " It can't be Warner," she thought, trembling. "Tho man cannot be a burglar. If lie were a friend of the. Harrs lie would ring at the gate. IIo lias come to see iiie.'"' The man silently quitted the shadow of the wall, arid came nearer, studying the features of the house. Dora had no light, and from his po sition none was visible in the dwelling. The cottage, indeed, seemed silent arid deserted. The intruder suddenly marked the open window, and stole closer and closer, baiting in the shadow of the tree before it. For the first time Dora 'saw 'him fully. With difficulty she restrained the wild cry of joy that arose to lier lips. The intruder was the yoiiifg Squii'e Weir! Dora loaned out of the windows calling, softly and im- puiaivuij — ' Hoel ! Oh, Hoel!" : " Dora " exoldimed a quick, glad voice. ."I have, found you/then? Heaven b praised !" " How was it possible for you to trace me here, Noel 2" cried Dora, thrilling with her great joy. "I feared you had gone home-. I feared you had loft nie to these people, nob daring to contest their claim oh nie. Oh, I have been so lonoly, so miserable, Noel." "My poor Dora," said the young squire, tenderly and pityingly. "And you thought I could desert yoii? I have searched. for you everywhere, and only yesterday thought it possible that the Harrs might have taken you out of town. I went to all the railway stations, and at the Waterloo gob trace of you, by great good fortune. And here I-ain, Dora." ' " I might have known you would not desert mo, Hoel. It is wonderful how you found me. I am so glad." "And so am I." Where are tho Harrs ?" " In the back basement." " Good., I liavo n6 keys, but it will go hard if I do nob find some way to rescue you. First of all, however, , I must get nearer to you." "But how?" questioned Dora, anxiously.' The young squire oast a quick glance around him. Tho tree, one great branch of which. stretched like ail, arm before Dora's window, caUght his gaze. He scanned it, measured distances, with, his eyes, and then moved towards it. " I am coming up to you, Dora," he said. " Keep watch for us both." He commenced to climb tho tree, soon. ' gaining a foothold among the thick branches. In a fow minutes moro he was upon tho branch by her window, and so closo to her that Dora could see the lustre of his eyes, and hear his quick breathing. She held out her hand to him. He took it and pressed it to his lips. " IIow pale you are,'' he said, I nnxiouslv. " Tho Harrs have not ill- 1 treated you, Dora ?'' | " Hot particularly, but I liavo been '-ppt shut up here till this afternoon. Tho door is locked now. They do not fear that I can escape ; and indeed it would bo a difficult undertaking for mo alone !" " Has — has Warner been hero yet ?" questioned the voting squire. " Ho ; but be is coming, I judge, from what Mrs. Harr says. She ex pected him Inst night, and has been looking for him all day. It was at his suggestion'this houso was taken.'' Hoel's face darkened. Ilis broad brows contracted, and lie compressed his lips firmly. "And you are in the power of such wrotchos as these!" lie cried, indig nantly. "Dora, you must leave this pestilential houso this very night. i nn win noc nesicavo to go wibii me ?" " Hesitate i'1 cried Dora, in surprise.. "How could I? Have you not said you will bo my brother, Hoel ? Papa trusted you, and so do I.'' She put up both her hands to him with a trustful look, adding — "Take mo away from here, Hoel. If -I stay here longer, thus thi-eateried, I shall die." " I will take you," the young man said, promptly, and with; a quick energy. Where you will find refuge /wo will'dccido afterwards. Do you think, wjth my assistance, you can stop out on this branch, and so climb down to the ground V " Easily, Hoel. - Shall I try now ? » "You may. You can climb tho wall by the aid of the vines and with my help, and I can easily lower you to the ground outside. There, give me your liand, Dora." " Lot me get my hat first,'' said the girl. ' ' - :// She crossed the floor, and put on her hat and sacquo, then returning to the window. ; v " I hear no noise in the house,'' she said, in' a whisper. " They are still down' stairs. Heaven is helping us, Hoel."/ She slid her hand in his, and stood up on the window-sill, Hoel gently supporting her. " This way, Dora," he said, tenderly. "Lean on me." But Dora suddenly trembled in. alarm. The sound of approaching wheels had caught hor hearing. "What if it should be Warner?" she asked, in a frightened voice. " At this hour ? Impossible ! Yet you caii wait till the cab passes, Dora.'' The sound became louder and louder, and suddenly ceased abruptly. The cab had halted; at the gate of tho Black Cottage. "It is Warner"' cried Dora, in a panic, as a loud ring was heard at the gate. " We are too late, Hoel. We must wait." //" She loosened herself from his.graspj and slipped back into the room. . Hoel slid along the branch, and en sconced himself in the deepest shadows of the tree. A sound was heard of bolts being undone, and Mrs. Harr went out with a lantern and opened the gate to the new- comer. As Dora had thought, the intruder was Felix Warner. CHAl'TEiTxXV. ' put to the proof. The arrival of Felix Warner at that late; hour at Black Cottage, and so unexpectedly to Dora and the young squire, of course interrupted and de ferred the youiig girl's projected escape. "Was there ever anything so in opportune?" sighed Dora, as Warner disappeared with Mrs. Harr within the door of the dwelling. " What shall we do, Hoel?1' " Wait and sbe what the villain Wants," replied Hoel, from his shel tered nook ainidst the thick foliage of the tree. He cannot want to see me ? " said Dora, anxiously and uneasily. "T think ho Will call virion vou." Dora began to tremble; Hoel e6uld sliehow wliiteher fncegrewasshe leaned against the window, looking up plead ingly at him. " If I could only he spared this meeting," she murmured. The young squire's heart yearned towards her. "My poor little Dora," lie whis pered. " Bo brave. Remember lam near you, and I shall be ready at your call to spring in at the window to your aid. And as soon as he goes we will make our escape. Can't you keep up your courage a little longer ?" Tlio'. girl nodded assent, and her countenance, grew bravo and calm. She wont back into the room and re moved her hat and sacquo ; and'thon, returning to tho window, leaned against the frame and looked out upon her lover with, softly shining eyes. She was standing there when the door was unlocked, and Mrs. Harr entered bearing a light. ." You have not gone to bed, Dora?" she asked, in a harsh, peremptory voice, holding the light above lier and peering at. tho bed. " All, no ? There .you are at tho window a-inooning ! " She set down the candle and ad vanced towards the maiden. Dora propped the thin lace curtains, thus screening the open window, and moved a fow steps towards the centre of tho room. The woman eyed her critically. "You'll do," she muttored. "You. are looking even better than , usual, with thoni blushes on' your cheeks. Someone has come." s "I know it," said Dora; quietly. " I saw him— Mr. Warner." "Oh, you did? I never saw a man who loved a girl as lie loves you, Dora. Ho lias traced you here- " "You mean," interposed Dora, " that you sent him word of my where abouts," Tho Woman looked at Dora sliarply, and then broke into a boisterous laugh. " You keep your eyes open, Dora,'' she exclaimed, admiringly. "Well, I won't deny that wo sent him word where to find us, for a kinder, civillcr- spoken gontlcinan I never saw. And so he's coino, and ho wants to see you. Will you go down to '-the parlor, or will you see him hero ? \- As she asked the question she looked around tho neat chamber, as if to examino into its fit ness' as a receptipn-1-oom. The bed was set in an alcove, and bid den by curtains of white dimity. The room itself hacV always served as a lady's private sitting-room, and was well-adapted for the purpose. -. "I decline to. see him at all," said Dora, spiritedly. "I dislike Mr. Warner, and 1 havo no wish to hear any more insults from his lips. If you are my mother — as you claim— you will protect, mo from tho foul presence of this man." tvt lie "nt Aim , . " T.his is pretty- talk to your mother!" she ejaculated. " You are my daugh ten ; you are a minor, and consequently obliged by law to obey mo; and 'I command you to receive Mr. Warner as my friend, if not as your own. Things have come to a lino pass, I think, when daughters — if they have been adopted out by a fine family that turned 'em' out poor and helpless — attempt. to dictate to their mothers. You have got to see Mr. Wanier, or you'll regret it— that' s all !" ' . Dora's cheeks flashed with indigna tion; yet she Controlled herself ad mirably. " I am in your power, Mrs. Harr,!' 'she said, coldly. "Since I am com pelled to see your ' friend,' I will see him here." "And you'd better be polite to him," warned Mrs. Harr, shaking her head threateningly. "You are only the daughter of pool parents, and your fine-lady airs won't pass here. .Just forget that Squire Chessom and his wife ever adopted you and made much of you, and bear in mind you are only Dora Harr, and not much at that." With this she retired from the room. Dora retreated again to the window.' A minute later the door again opened, and Felix Warner came slowly and hesitatingly into the cham ber. Dora regarded him with surprise. All liis smoothness and nssurance seemed gone. He was pale and de jected, and appeared to bo in great trouble. His.eycs drooped before her bright glances, and his manner was at once anxious, humble and deprecating. His new character, however, sat well upon him. His deep melancholy, as perhaps he knew, was becoming to him. He had left Saltair on the previous day, as has been said, and had slept in London the previous night. This day, at the close of which lie had now called upon Dora, had been spent by him in. the vicinity of the Surrey farm, of which Jack Harr had formerly been sub-tenant-, and in a close investigation of the affuirs of the Harrs. He had made various dis coveries, and now, when . he stood before the young girl the picture of sorrow and humility, lie was at heart glad and exultant. J-Ie. paused near the door, and raising his'eycsih seem ing timidity, exclaimed, . in a voice of deepest melancholy — " Dora "Miss Chessom, if you please, sir I" said Dora, with spirit. He came a step nearer, and looked at her as in anguished pleading. Dora drew closer to' tho window. Her radiant brown eyes were like glowing stars. The rose tint in her cheeks flickered like a red flame behind an alabaster shade. Pure, and dainty, and sweet, with a rare and glorious loveliness, she was as much aboyo Warner as an angel is above a demon. He seemed to feel the distance between them, and made as though he would have knelt to her. " Dora,'' ho said, in a broken voice, "I have come back to crave your for giveness for that cowardly insult of the other day. I did it in a moment of madness. Forgive mo !" And now he actually sank on his knees at lier feet, and lifted his plead ing face, on "which were tears. Ho was a sblcndid actor. Ho mioht. have made his fortune on the stage, sineo he acted the character he had assumed— that of tho heart-broken, re pentant sinner— to the life. Dora was bewildered. Yet, somehow sho felt vaguely his insincerity, and shrunk from him. ' : " You had better rise," she said, coldly. "Kneel to your Maker, not" to your fellow mortal." My place is at your feet," groaned Warner. " I will never rise until you have forgivon me. Can you not make allowances for me, Dora ! Is there no tonder pity for mb in your soul. I was mad when I insultbd you. It all came from my accursed pride. Can you ever make. allowances for me" " I. don't think I can," replied Dora, dryly. " But hear my defence," he urged. "I come of a proud family— the Champneys of Champney Mere. They are a haughty old race, and— and I was in fear of my cousin, Lord Champney, whoso' heir I am. I had told his lordship that I loved Miss Chessom of Chessom Grange, Sussex, and had tolcl him that sho came of a good family and was of gentle blood. Ho: gave his consent, whioh I asked as a matter of form, to our marriage. And thon came your letter to mo, cle- claring your rightful parentage. You can never know what a shock that was to me, never I" He paused, as if he .wero choking with emotion. " Was it not a shock to me ?'' asked "Dora, with a mournful pathos. " I lost home, name, friends, a position in the world, a tender father and a lover, all at one blow.'' "Ho wonder you thought I deserted you, Dora, and all tho whilo I loved you better than I loved my life,'1 said Warner, humbly. " My love and my pride battled,; but my love won. I wont to London, determined to plead for our immediate marriage. I entered your lodgings in time to hear Harr protesting, whilo half intoxicated, that lie should make a speculation of your marriage. A horror and disgust of your rchitives caino over me. Beforo that disgust had worn oft I had insulted you, as you know but too well. Dora, I went back to Saltair a miserable; heart-broken man. . I would that I had died beforo , I had alienated front me the priceless boon of your love. Have you no pity for mo? Does not your heart soften to my re pentance?" "Did your heart soften to my sorrow and despair when yon found ine with the Harrs in London?" de manded Dora, sternly, her proud; high bred face severe in its purity and calm rebulco. " You found me with people of wltonv I knew nothing, savo that they claimed to be my parents. I had nothing in common with them. In that hour I could have turned to you as a child turns to its rightful home — but you repulsed mo. Tt was not me. JWU. JXtuvij- J. Ijll.i M UlllLl-ilUU jJlilJlL Dora's self— but the supposed heiress of Squire Chessom, the well-connected young lady." "By heaven, no ! The Chcssoms are well enough ; but even you, inno cent as you. are by the laws of society, must know enough of social oasts to comprehend that the Chcssoms could not afford an equal match with a mem ber cif tho house of Champney. It was the low connections I shrank from — that vulgar, drinking couple below, with their ;career as fugitives from justice. Believe me, Dora, I am not so bad as you think me." "You need hot defend yourself to mc, Mr. Warner. I'havo no longer a personal interest in your character or thoughts." Warner did not seem to hear her, He continued — . ! "I went baelc to Saltair, bearing a poisoned arrow in my heart. I thought tho matter over, and all your winsome- young beauty came up to my mind like a veritable apparition, and I knew that I had nuulo the mistake of my life, and , that I loved you as a mail can love but once. Yesterday I received a telegram from Jack Harr, telling me whore you were. And I have come to you, Dora, a humble penitent, asking for giveness and restoration." "You arc too, late !" said the young girl, sighing. 1 . " Too late? Oh, not too Into ! Oh, Dora, unsay those fatal words 1 I love you ! I love you ! You will nob cast me off?" . Dora gently unclasped from her dress his clinging lingers. , There was a real anguish in his face and voice thn'lf touched her to the quick. She felt convinced now that ho was sincere, and her tender soul pitied him. . "You pain me, Mr. Warner," she said, softly, her bright young face glooming. " It is all over between us. You yourself cub tho tie that united us. Spare me any further words." " You cannot mean it, Dora t" cried Warner, shrilly. "You will let mo woo you back to me as gently as a bird woos its mate? You are lonely and sorrowful, under the guardianship of. two oppressive, hard-hearted, and uncongenial persons.' Let' mo lift you bub of this bondage. You pro mised to- bo my wife — redeem that promise now. I will buy oil' these people, so that you shall n'e.vor see them again. I will marry you at tho church altar. I will tako you with me to Champney Merc as my honored and beloved bride, and Lord Champney and the Lacly Barbara, his wife, will make you welcome. Marry mc, Dora, and your life shall bo one dream of joy ! You shall never know a care, a sorrow, or a burden. I will shield you and guard you as something too rare and precious to encounter the rude shocks of life ! You shall be to me like sonic rare exotic flower, or like some glorious tropic bird, mado to livo in the sun shine ! 01), Dora, marry mo, and let me show you how I loved you !'' He pleaded as a man /pleads for what is doai'er to him than life. His Voice trembled with passionate desire. IIo .was terribly in earnest. Dora's face, with its bright radiance clouded over, its rare piquancy given place to a stveet seriousness and solemnity, and her great brown eyes— black now — full of tremulous lights and shadows, shone, upon her pleading lover with the glory of an unattainable star. "I believe you are sincere, Mr. Warner/' .she said, gently, " and I pity you." ' , "Pity is akin to love, tliey say. Don't you lovo me Dora ? Do you remember the sunny morning when, as we sat in the old drawing-room at the Grange, I asked you to bo my wife? You looked up at ino then' with shy blushes, Dora, and "whispered assent. Is that love all gone, darling ? , Have you banished mo entirely from your heart? Can a woman loVe And : so soon forget?" ' , "Ho, she cannot love and so soon 'forget," murmured Dora, half un consciously. ' ' The leaves on the tree by the window rustled, as if the wind was shaking them. . Hoel was trembling. Dora seemed to bo going beyond his reach, decoyed by the false light of this false love. A moan arose to his lips, and was changed to a heavy sigh. But Warner heard nothing to indi cate to him .the presenco of a listener. " Yovt havo not forgotten, then?" he whispered, beginning to liope, as his hidden rival began to despair. " You love mo a little still ? Oh, darling, you give me new life. You will marry mo He ' arose and put out bis' arms to embrace her, She put him from her. by a (fommanding gesture. " You mistake mo, Mr. Warner," she said, with a pretty girlish dignity. " I said that ' when a woman loves sho cannot so soon forget. But I did not say that I had over loved." "You are playing with me." . " Ho, I .am telling you tho truth. When you caino to Chessom Grange I was but a child in experience. I was flattered by your gallant attentions and compliments. When you asked me to marry you, I, assented. I fan cied I loved you, but it was only a fancy. After vou came to me in i London— after I had fled from you and the Harrs — I was astonished to find how little I grieved your loss. 'I have never shed a tear of regret that you turned out so ill. I, have never had one sleepless moment for you. I have never' 'wished you to. return. In short, Mr. -Warner, as these statements show, I never loved you 1 There was a time when you might/have won my love, but that time is past. Had you come to me in London in tender love and sympathy, you Might have won my heart ; now it is too late — for ever too late !" . Warner's' cheeks: whitened,' " You are in earnest ?" lie said, huskily. " In full earnest !" - "Riches, honors, a lovely- home, plenty of friends, my love and devotion, our happy marriace— nothing will tempt your heart back to.nio ?" ' \V iiLVvUv U1 j OOiiU. slowly. "And I have thrown away the priceless gem with my own hands?" Dora bowed slowly and pityingly. Warner turned from lier with a groan. That moment held for him an awful, bitterness — the bitterness of a terrible defeat. Ho had expected to. win hor back bj a show of sorrow and peni tence, but though she felt a pity for him, it was not of the kind that is " akin to lovo." A little while they stood thus in a dead silence. Dora, looking behind the parted curtain into the shadows of the leaves and branches of the tree, en countered tho radiance of a pair of glowing eyes. Strangely enough, as she had not o vnetl to herself that sho loved the young squire, . her heart thrilled as it had never thrilled before. Presently Warner cnuio back to lieiy and said — " Dora, is your decision irrevo cable?" The girl blushed, as she answered in tho affirmative, "I couldgivo you your freedom if y .u would consent to niar'ry me/' he urged, eagerly. "Otherwise the Narrs will continue to keep; you a helpless prisoner here." " They cannot do so long. This estab lishment is beyond' their means. Once you withdraw your countenance from them, M r. Warner, .and they will give this cottage and return to. lodgings. You know that they camo here simp!' on your account, and by your advice.'' , Warner's face began to harden. " You deny that you ever loved me, Dora," he said. "Do you love another? That Sussex chawbaeon, who presumes on his university education ai.cl the fact that he is the son of a country squire, and who has been hanging about you since you left tho Grange, ancl till you came here— surely you do not love him?" " I decline to make you my con fidant," s'aicl Dora, spiritedly. " I do not recognise your right to question mc;" " I have tho right of a cast-off lover — tho right of your betrothed hus band," said Warner bitterly. " Our engagement lias never been dis solved— — -'' " I dissolvq it now,- then.'1 (to be continued.) ( 