'The Ghaist oJ Kinnivie.' A True Story. About the year 1750 a drover, returning with his pockets well fined from an Aberlour market, took np his quarters for the night in a farmhouse on the small estate of Kinnivie, npar the romantic and beautiful bridge of Fiddich. He started the next morning for the south, but as he was never after heard of it was generally believed he had been murdered. At thi« period there resided at Hillockbead of Kin nivie, William Reid, a 6taoch old Presbyterian, and a member of the kirk-session of Mortlach. whose faith was so strong that he was wont to say, — ' Wi' my Bible i' my pouch, I'll neither fear ghaist nordeil.' But soon, alas ! poor Willie had to tell another tale. One night as he was walking homeward from Mortlach Manse— a road he often traversed both early and late -just as he reached the lonesome Brig o' Park, a large black dog came up to him, barking and howling. ror a minute or two it stood right before him and stared him in the face ; tben went round about him, and ultimately fol lowed him up till he was near his own door at Hillock head. Willie was so frightened that he almost lost his reason. He related far and near his adventure with the ghaist ; how it appeared like a small black dog, and then seemed to grow by degrees till it was as big as a horse. After this event, it was strange that whenever the elder ventured out after nightfall the ghaist duly appeared to him. This kept him in such a state of nervous excitement that he was soon reduced to a mere skeleton of his former self. Still the ehaist persevered in his visits, not only terrifying the elder, but the whole country side.. At last, however, as if wearied of enacting a dumb character, one night when Willie was met as usual on his homeward path, the ghost or dog announced that it was the ghost of him who murdered the drover, ordering Wiilie at the same Jine to follow it to a certain spot, where evidence of that deed of dark ness would be found. Willie had often heard about the mysterious disappearance of the drover, and he now felt cunviDced of the truth of the story. Notwith standing his great dread of the ghaist, he was con strained by an ungovernable impulse to accompany his mysterious guide. The ghaist led him on till the bouse of Tininver was nearly reached. ' There,' said the ghaist at last, pointing to a green spot where a cross was hollowed out, ' there is the veryiurf that conceals the remains of the drover; to-morrow take them up and bury them in consecrated ground, \- then I shall have rest and never trouble you again.' After uttering these words, and just as the clock was striking 12, the ghaist vanished while giving vent to an unearthly yell, the rocKs of Tininver reverberating the sound in such tremendous echoes that the ground on which Willie stood seemed to quiver beneath his feet. Willie after this made his way home as quickly as possible, and as soon as day broke went to the min ister of Mortlach and gave him a faithful account of what he had seen and heard on the preceding night. The good-natured pastor lost no time in collecting a large number of his parishioners, with whom he pro ceeded, under the elder's guidance, to the spot pointed ont by the ghaist. After digging in the depth of four feet or thereby they found some larga bones, which they at first supposed were those of a sturdy High lander who had been buried about that place many year's before; but they soon changed their opinion, and 'were convinced that they had discovered the bones of the murdered drover, for the skull was a wanting, and that appeared conclusive evidence. There was no remedy for thip, but they carefully collected all the bones they could find, and deposited them in the churchvard of Mortlach. Afterwards the minister complimented Willie for his conduct and congratulated him on being relieved from the Ghaist o' Kinnivie. Willie lett the manse that evening with a light and happy heart, but on coming to the Brig o' Park, who should appear but the black ghaist once more. This time it ordered him to go next dap to a certain spot at Tiuinver, where he would find the drover's head, which he was to bury with the rest of the bones. This W illie, assisted by the minister and his parishioners as before, honestly and carefully performed. The Ghaist o' Kin nivie thereafter apparently slept weJl enough, at any rate it did not trouble Willie, although thoueands who crossed the Brig o' Park long afterwards did so with fear and trembling. Lately, on a winter night when visiting the district, the writer formed one of a rural party who, seated around a blazing fire, were listening to the tales and gossip of the neighbourhood, and among other tales the story of the Ghaist o' Kinnivie was related as above. After the narrator had finished, an old man with hoary locks made the folio wing statement : — When I wa6 a boy I herded cows in the woods of Tininver, and often did I tremble to pass the celebrated spot where it was said thu phaist directed the bones to be lifted. One night in particular, being obliged to pass the place on my way home, I got a moBt terrible fright. It was about the beginning of March. The wind was high and the woods of Tiniiiver were moaning sadly. This conspired to heighten the terror of the hour. 'This is a dreary place,' said I to myself; ?? and, oh ! but this is a dreadful night ! Should the ghost appear to me I am sure I should die on the spot.' Just as I had uttered the words a rustling noise among some bushes behind startled me, and my hair stood on end as I ventured a glance towards the place. Oh ! horrible ! a thing like a dog was ready to leap upon my back. 1 screamed aloud, ' Mercy ! mercy !' and fled with the utmost precipitation ; but the object of my terror kept close at my heels until I reached my father's house. The innocent prattle of my eister first brought me to niv senses. 'Eh! Geordy,' she cried,' whar got ye colley?' 'Colley:'' said I. 'Ay, colley,' she answered; 'he's been awa' a' day.' I nearly fainted, notwithstanding her words, which but half convinced me that what I had been so much afraid of was nothing more than my father's old dog, which had run into the wood that day after a hare. ' Where's my father?' I asked rather hastily. 'Ben the house wi' abtrangcr man,' was the reply. Thither I went. My father, seeing me so white and agitated, inquired what was the matter, while he at the same time, Scotsman like, answered his own. question by saying, ' Ho '. ho ! you've been feared coming through the wood.' 'What made you afraid, my man'r'' said the stranger. ' Nothing,' I sheepishly answered. ' Oh ! ' he's been fear'd for the ghaist !' Eaid my father. ' What ghaist ?' inquired the stranger. ' Oh, by the-bye,' he immediately added, ' the Ghaist o' Kinnivie. I recollect now. Faith that was a well played game. Is that story 6till believed to be true r' ?' True,' eaid my father, ' ay ! as sure as you are Charlie M 'In tosh. Though I'm nae feared for't my sel\ I believe it to be as true as the Bible.' ' It was just as much a ghaist as 1 am one myselV said Charlie, giving proof that he was no spirit by sculping down a glass of mountain dew that graced the table in company with a wooden trencher well pleniehed with bannocks and cheese. 'I'll tell you the true way of the story,' said he, at the same time setting down'the 1 glass. ' The old laird of Tininver was a merry fellow, as you well know. Being intimate with the minister (fbr many a hearty glass they used to have together), he imagined he could with little difficulty persuade him, to baptise an illegitimate child of one of his servants. To hi6 confusion and disappointment, however, a William Reid, who was a stanch member of the Church, strenuously opposed the measure, and said he would make the case known to the Presbytery should the minister attempt t« baptise the infant. This menace so operated on the minister and other members of the session that it was resolved by a majority to refuse the baptism unless the usual forms of the Church were complied with. The minister announced this resolution to the laird, informing him at the same time that it was Reid who had influenced the votes against him. This intelligence highly enraged the laird, who but a short time before had saved Reid from ruin by coming to his relief when his creditors were about to seize his belongings. From that time the laird determined to punish the ungrateful elder. ' Now the laird had a man who was ' fu' o* tricks,' to whom he told what had happened, and who readily agreed to be the instrument for accomplishing his pur pose. Accordingly next time Keid was in Mortlach attending the session, the laird's man waylaid him at a lonely place near the Brig o' Park, and having previ ously fitted two or three black dogskins to his body, got upon all fours, and by barking and howling suc ceeded in frightening poor Reid almost out of bis wits. Next day it was spread through fbe whole country side that William Reid, the elder, had seen a ghost in the shape of a big black dog, which had barked and howled at him most terrifically. Prayer meetings were held m Reid's house, and every means tried that could be thought of to ' lay ' the spirit; but in vain, for the elder was continually visited in the same way. At last the laird's man, getting wearied with so many night excursions, told his master that it was neces sary that the business should be brought to a close in one way or another. Having re collected the spot where a calf was buried some years beiore, the head of which had previously been cut off in order to terrify a timorous old woman, he proposed to make Reid believe that its bones were those of a murdered man, and make him lift and bury them in the churchyard. The laird approved of this plan. The ghaist appeared once more to Reid in one of his noctur nal journeys from the manse, and declared himself to be the ghost of a man who murdered the drover. He ordered the elder to come along with him bo that he might show him where he had buried the body, and made him promise ho would lift the bones and bury them in consecrated ground. If he fulfilled his promise be would be troubled no more. Reid was pleased at the prospect of getting rid of so frightful an apparition, and allowed himself to be led to the calf's grave, where the ghost, after again renewing his charge anent the lifting of the bones, vanished with a hideous howl into an adjoining thicket, while poor Reid was left to escape from his terrible situation the best way he could. Next day he reported the circumstance to the minister, who, with the eiders and many of the parishioners, proceeded to lift the bones, which, after accomplishing, they then, with due solemnity, buried in the churbyard. The laird and his man were among those present, and saw and heard what passed with no small . satisfaction. All the bones except the shanks were much decayed, having been buried many years. The minister said, ' He had been a strong man,' and added, ' but the strongest man may be overpowered.' ' I wonder,' said one of the elders, ' how the skull is not to be seen, for 1 have known the skull to be quite whole when no other bone was to the fore. Surely his head has been made away with.' * No,' said William Reid, ' for the gbaist told me he was brought down by the help of a dog, and then murdered with a stick.' The murmurings about the absence of a skull raised some fear in the minds of the laird and his man that the whole affair would be discovered to be an imposture, -and to prevent this they, on the same day, procured a skull from the kirkyard and laid it down near the place where the bones were lifted. The ghaist again appeared to Reid that night, and told him that a bone' had been left which, for his future peace, he must go back and find. Accordingly, the next day the skull was found and laid beside the bones of the calf in. Mortlach Church yard.' . When Charlie had finished his story, my father ex claimed, ' Weel, if that be true mony a yin has been frightened for naething.' ' There is no fear of it's being true,' said Charlie, a for Sandy Roy told it to me the night before he went to Germany with the 42nd Regiment. What better authority wad ye want than the ghaist himself ?'— Ekos. ; 