A. sensational adyentuke. , 14 My dear Uttlo woman, you arc really too ailly in making such a fuss about it. What nan it matter?" : "I know it's oillv, but 1 can't help it, Bor- trani. Of course I'm not jealous — you don't atupposo lout— 'iiui ib nunuya me. ino girta even aro always laughing about it, and I hate to see her silting all through luncheon with those groat saucer dyes of hers fixed upon you, drinking in every word you Bay, and, in short, openly worshipping you. It's such bad taste, you know— " "Thank you I I'm not quite sure ' whether that is complimentary cither toyouraolf or uic." "Don't laugh, Bertram. You know well enough what Inicau. Ofcourso l want overy no to admire you and think you handsome and charming, jiut as I do myaoLf. But I'm sura I uovor looked at you as slio does. even in tho days when I was so dosperately in love with you, and never dreamt of your caring twopence about me.. I don't cull it nice of her at all, and the.girls say that who's always going on in \ the schoolroom about your wonderful oyes, dud. tho Nchmurht of your oxprcsslou, and says she's sure you've hod somo tragisehe Megcbcnhcit in your life, oracou a ghost, or done somethiug which haunts your memory, and -has left you renecoll Andenkcn which you can't get rid of, nud all sorts of rubbish of that sort. It isu't truo, 18 it I don't boliovo it ono bit, nud always laugh when they1 talk about it; but at the samo tunc I fuel uncomfortable, and. bate to think of. hor making such suggestions." Bortrom .St. John laughed. " A mini /cat sind ho said, "and I'm afraid I can't help my eyes, which I probably inherit from my Spanish grandmother." Then he inlcled gravely, " But my dear little wife must not worry herself about such ah surdities. Listen Kva. Before I asked you to marry mo, 1 told you of tho ono and only folly — it doesn't deserve the name of romauco— of my life, I fancied I had bcou deeply wounded, and that my wound was incurablo. "When I met you, ami grew to love you, I discovered that only a near remained, aiul thauka to you and your it flection, eveu that lias now com- pletoly disappeared. Beliovc rac, darling, I could never have asked you ' to join your bright young lifo to iliy gray hairs had there been nnv tragedy or remorseful memory connected witn my past, or anything which an innocent girl liko you would shrink from tho knowledge of. Ah for ghosts nud such-like bogoy visitors, I havo never possessed sullicient imagination «you to faucr I saw them, and I do not flatter myself by thinking that i aiu of sufllciont im portance in the world for thorn to troublo what brains their ghostly state mar allow them about one. Friinlcm is a silly gushing young woman, liko many of hor sex in all nations, and she: is foolishly uiakiug-a romauco out of tho fact that an elderly man has married d' young . wife, as she would have done just ,thd samo had I been as young as youavo, 'or even had you boon us old u» 1 utu. Don't troublo your pretty .little Lead about it; You will hoc that who will get over it before our visit cornea to an end, and will very likolybc. disappointed to find what a commonplace individual I am after all." . .?«.' M ' " Now, Bertram, tell us a story. Wo always make pooplo toll u? a story when thoy come to schoolroom tea, don't we, Friiulein?" " And Friiulein says sho'a sure there's some thing romautio in your life — ; "She didn't say rouumlic , she said tragic, Gerry." ' silence, children! I shall request Sir Ber tram to go away If you do not behave proporiy.'' " Well, you know you did say ho, Friiulein; and you said— " "Never mliul now, Gerry. People often forget exactly what they've heard. I'll tell you a story if you liko, What shall it bo about?" " 0, something wonderful; Have you over bad a very great adventure ?" " Have you evorsceu a ghost f" " Did you ever kill a maur" . , Have you over icon a murderer 'r'| "Stop, stop! I can't answer all your ques tions at onco. You must give me a little timo to think. Now, lot me soe. I will toll you about what happened in tho train as I was coming from Spain to Biarritz, where I first (Uet Kva two years ago. "I was leaving Seville by the night mail, which starts betwoon b und 1) o'clock. I was early at the station, and having put my rugs ana drcssiug-bag iuto a compartment, I walked up and down tho platform, watching tho arrivals, and wondoriug whother tho train would be crowdod or whether I should ha\o enough room to lio down. " There happened to bo very few passengers that night, nud no one came to my compart ment; but I saw sonic people arranging thoir goods and chattels in tho next ono, and when they came out I was at once struck by thoir ap pearance. They were a young couple, I imagine husband uud wife. The man wns what X suppose most persons would have called ex tremely handsome, hut t»> ray mind ho possessed ono of tho most disagreeable faces I havo ever Keen: a very pale, almost sallow, complexion, with dark eyes ami jet black hair, eyebrows which nearly met and wero very strongly xnarked. and a bard cruel expression which, even wnon ho 6miled, gave him iu my eyes the nppenrauco of a fiend. " His companion, ou the contrary, was fair and lovely, with a sweet sad face, and when ho spoko angrily about something that had bcou left behind or mispluced she shrunk from him and looked so frightened that I fult quite rorry for her, and hogan to weave a sousatioual story iu my own mind about them and their doings. " Well, wo started, and I was left tho sole oc cupant of my compartment ; they, too, wore .alone in theirs. 1 smoked a cigar, aud then drew tho curtain over the light, roiled myself into a rug, und weut to sleep, flow long I I olept I knuw not, but I suddenly woke with a start, aud it feeling as though something wore , nmias. "Why .or wherefore I canuot tell, but with this eerio feeling came unbidden tho re collection of the beautiful girl in the next com- iiartmcnt and her( evil-looking companion. Perhaps I had been' dreamiug— 1 do not know .—but anyhow, the impression that some sinister agency was nt work next door was so strong .that I got up and looked through tho tri- zuigulnr pioco of glass which, as you . know, is liko a little window between tho compartments in foreign railway-carriages. My fellow- travollers had, like myself, darkened the lamp, but there was just a glimmer of light fiom it m the carriage, and also a faint gleam from the moon outside. I could not distinguish things very clearly at first, but could seo_ that the gtri was sitting with her back to mc, just under the littlo window, and (he uau ou tho soat . opposite. They appeared to bo talkiug, and . presently I saw 1 he man stoop down aud ap parently seek something on the floor, or per haps in a bag at his foot. ' I watched iutcutly, having a firm though quite' uunccountablo con viction that something terrible was nbout to take place. In a moment or two ho raised him self, und I saw something glitter us he moved bis baud ; then ho bout forward closo to her, and raised his arm. Thero was a momentary flash, and even above tho rattle of tho train I beard a scream, und saw thomau fling himself upon tho girl as though holdiug hor dowiq in her place. I was horror-struck, and for a few seconds felt paralyaod : but recovering my wits, I turned and drew buck thOf ahado from the lamp in order to read tho directions for comuiuiucatiug with tho guard. When I again looked through tho window I saw — now shall I tell you what I saw, this evening V or shaU I wait" till to-morrow morning, and tell you iu daylight?" " Go on, go ou !" cried the children. " Achy meiu O'oit ! r\ iit schrcckluh!" shuddered the Frliuloin. "Well, when I turned round aud looked aguin, I saw that vliey too hud uncovered tho lamp. Tho umu was lighting a cigarette, having already lighted tho girl's, aud they wore both laughing merrily as she ruefully examined the liolo burnt in bur pretty frock by the head f tho first match, which had flown off when ho etrpek it ! "Thorn, that's the uearest approach I can give you to any sensationul eptsodo in which I havo been concerned. And wasn't it lucky 1 lUdu'tcall the guard aud stop the train?" "Oh— h— h!" chorused tho children, while the Friiulein drew hersolf up with an air of injured dignity. "Bertram, you're a darling! I shall never Ito uncomfortable about Friiulein any mora. Xou did it beautifully ; uud the girls say that she ia quito angry about it, and didn't eveu scold them for talking slang when they called it a regular Boll, andhas uoen preaching upon tho folly of judging by appearance ever since. Tou havo come down with a crash from her pedestal, but mino has now grown so high that shall soon want u telescope to see you at tho top of it ! I novcr knew you could toll a story O well." ' Thank you, my dear, Auother doubtful compliment !"— I he Jrorhf, . Decent discoveries in Pompeii, near tho St&hiana; Gate, include tho bodies of two men nod a woman, and tho trunk of a; roo thrco xnetros long and forty ceutiiuctrcs iu diameter. Professor Pasqualo identifies the tree as a Laurhs nobility aud infers from tho ripeness of to fruit that tho eruption of Vesuvius, which overwhelmed the city, took place in November,; And not, as is believed, in August. 