TUEF NOTES. By New Warrior. The members of Tattersall's Club entered into possession of tbeir new premises on Tuesday, and something ' nobby ' they are. Persons in a posi tion to judge vote this new addition to clubs as not only without an equal in Australia but in the whole world, for tbe main room in addition to being 90 feet by 42 is furnished on a scale of Drincelv maffnificence, if not extravagance. Noth ing that can be of the slightest benefit to the members is wonting', and some idea of the pre miees will be gathered from the fact of! an outlay ot -£4-5,000 having already bf en incurred for cost of ground, erection of buildingr, furnishing, &c.; In the vernacular of tbe turf tbe Victorian Club is 'not in )t' when compared to the quarters under notice, but while the former is run puiely on ' club' Hues it is, I understand, tbe iutent'on of the committee of Sydney Tattersall'c to prohibit members indulging in the luxury of the frng rant treed in the club room pave on occasional eveninge — half a-dozen perhaps — throughout the year. In addition to the chiof room there are card, billiard, smoking, secretary's and o.omtnittee rooma, bebidrs drinking bars, lavaioiues and all other conveniences, distributed ovpr the first and second floors, the ground one being composed of offices, oi; which two are already occupif d by tbo elubu of Warwick Farm and Sydney Driving Park. A eorfc of official inspection and opening of the brildingand its appoint mentc took place on Tues day afternoon. EmroTJK oays that Montrose II, which the well known trader, Me1. MscldJa, 1'oceatly gave 525gs. for, will shortly find Mb way to India. The trotting mare Maid of Munster, which was taken to England some time ago by Mr. H. Bart lett, finished nowhere in a bent among moderates at Alexandra Park. It uas certainly not her form as wo knew ib in Australia. _ In addition to the brood mares mentioned eome time since in' obese columns ashaviDgbren pur chased in England by Mr. F. W. Day for Mr. 8. Horde: n, tbe following have to be told of, the lot being knocked down to Mr. Day at tbe July Nev? mfirkot scles :— Maggie Lauder, by Pell Mell— Bell of Scotland, 400gs. ; My Lena (1887), by Zealot, with filly by DcuWood, 32Ogo. ; Miss West boume (1883) by Westboume —Little Gordon, lOOgs. ; and Majcnta (1885) by Ben Battle— fschia, 400ge. Tbe Heir Apcarent v?ds bidding personally at the sales and bought three lote foe 890gp. Jockeys' licenses have been granted to W. B. M'Laughlin, E. Eogeis, E. Curran, and S. Free land, and the veteran Noah Beal as well as Charles Gough have, received trainers' license?. Mu. W. Forrester, of Warwick Fnrm, has bow a weighing machine in uee at his btables to assist him at, aa he thinks, a better estimate of a horse's fitnes3 than is to be got by any other method. Mr. Forrester's idea is co keep Mb charges as near as possible to the weight they run best at, but I cacnot see how it is to fee managed, escept with hirsts which have passed the age of giowiDg and thickening. Tfcere is no better judge, however, than Mr. Forreste-*, and he may turn the weighing process to good account. Long ago a Mr. Winch tried it, but gave it beBt after several years. Thr South Australian stallion Treg a^le (imp ) is dead. Gentility, by Grand Flaneur from Belle of Cobham, dropped a colt foal a few days ago at Warwick Farm to Niagara. The mare was pre sented to Mr. Forrester by the host of TatteisalPs Hotel, and that gentleman baa decided to name the youngster 'Consultation.' The Spring meeting o£ the A. J.O. opens at Kandwick on Saturday in nest week. Junee Racing Club handicaps require to be entered for on the 7th instant. Among the most notable hoi\e frrivals at Band wick are Megaphone, Werong, Aster, and Beodigo fr m Melbourne, and Elymas and Brazenose from Brisbane. There is nothing fresh to tell of as far as can be learnt in the condition of Carbine's injured leg. According to what can be gathered from supposed reliable quarters, however, tbe Fleming ton vet. Mr. Allen hopes to get the champion through the neceBeary Melbourne Cap prepara tion, but as he also admits being unable to gauge the extent of the trouble, it is not eaoy to tell bow or why he is led to hope patching Carbine up. Mr. D. S. Wallace has admitted that it is about three weeks since the trouble aro?e, and as there is yefc little or no improvement Carbine's racing daya may be written down as at an end. Illa-waera Racing Co. races are announced for the 9th and lOfch insts. Non-acceptanceo are due on the 8th. A person aamed Eowan was not long since Sned £50 and coBts for permitting another to use hia premises for purposes or gambling, viz., running a ' tote,J- but on appealing to tho Full Court the conviction was upset and rule abaolute fosr a pro hibition granted without co3'o. Mr. Healy, in structed by Mr. H. Levien, appeared for Bowan. The Chief Justice (Mr. Justice Windeyer and Mr. Justice Stephen concurring) said that while there was quite enough suspicion to juptify the con stable in bringing the matter before tbe polica court, the evidence was not sufficiently strong to support the conviction. The only evidence before the magistrate was that during defendant's ab sence a person came into his shop, and there made a bet or lodged a certain sum of money with de= called a ' tote.' He thought the law ought to be as it was liid down in a certain class of caees referred to by Mr. Healy, and mentioned in 13 Queen's Bench Division, go that betting in any housa opening on a public street should be abso lutely prohibited, and the owner of the house made responsible The postponed meeting of the Northern Jockey Club will be held at Eutherford on this Friday afternoon Last forfeits for the A J.C. Epsom Handicap and Mc- trnpolitan Sfcak- s bacome due on the 10th inst.— nesfc Thursday. Fbom what the oable has from time to lime in formed us the French authorities when they nttempted to deal with betting — stamp out book makers and compel investments to be made through the medium of the totalisator — tackled 8OtiH thing it was veiy plain they didn't under stand. L^ws made one week were unmade the n?xt, and now the 'wire' conveys the intelli gence that the decree i=sncd a fortnight ago ordering the English ringmen at Boulogne and Calais to quit France within fourteen days has been rescinded, so that things are again as they were. Asmodetjs in the Melbourne Leader is respon sible for the following story : — ' With the general public Carbine haa become even a greater, favourite than hie famous predeceesor— Commo- tion — was wben on tbe turf, and for seme time post Mr. Wallace has constantly received letters from utter ttraneers or both Bexes socking infor mation concerning the champion. Some of the3e communir atians bave been of a somewhat amuoing character, one fair punter explaining to the pro prietor of tbe Falmouth jacket that she begged information crnceining Carbine's proapects as she had a family to support and could not afford to lose !' Mr. Oxenham tells me tbat it is quite pODBible he will shortly transfer his training quartets from Randwick to either Flemington or Mel bourne. Mr. ' J. B. Clark/' tho head of the syndicate for whom Tom Payten trains, came from Mel bourne for Tatterf all's meeting en Saturday, only to be disappointed. His presence here reads liko eomething good to be served up in the syndi cate's colours by the wily Tom. The Victoiian jockey Bainnge had his first monnt, since the accident which broke one of hio legs some months ago, at ElBternwiek 1 aces on Saturday, and rode Lottie unplaced in the Park Handicap, which Eedfern won with 8.10 from Clon.ar.d8 5. Will Efevel bo among tbe runners for fcbe | . Epsom Handicap ? is a queotion jub'o now much puzzling backers and layers alike, and ag nothing is to be^leaaed from tbe quotations on tho race ; we ehalf pi'jbably require to wait; uitil tie eleventh boar before being so far admitted to Mr. G. Hill's secrets. Up to vov he bas done every thing that could reasonably be expected from equine flesh, his' mile ia 1.48, or a bit less, on Saturday morning being about the hsat I ever saw bub fcuca what I can hear of it the black* a fortunate o^ner has not yet determined the en gagements to be filled. Whatever he does strip for, however, ia as good as over. P^The latest fcalings froinTocal Stud Farm are — Vera, colt by Sweet Williim ; Happy Thought, colt by G.ldsbrough ; Sophktina (imp.), filly by Splendor; Miageia, firy by Gelds trough ; May Qu-senjully by Tbe Duiuamtr ; andCo'.inia, filly by Splendor. Tie ttui ba* bean visited by strangles in its wor3t form and fillies out o£ 'Young Emily, Vera, and Algerice tuxjuuibed. A number of celebrated brood nitre?, auung them biing im ported Pbillina, Dame Agn^s, Bengal Light, and Apethorpe and Crossfire, Black Swan and Conse quence, are sa;d to hi botked to vibis Splendor. Mb. John Cannon, oae of our m:st prominent ring men, underwent an operation a few dajs ego for the removal oi a cancerous growth in the neck, and is now a good dettl improved. Visitors to Band wick in the early rn Tilings are not at all taken with tba manner in which the Derby favour te Stromboli acquits himself. He finished anything but aicely on Saturday aad lost many friends, but so far even the moat venture some lingmen have not se:n fit to take liberties with him. Attention is cal'ed to tbe programme in this i sue of the Dubbo Jockey Club Sping meeting for the 30fch Septembc r and lsb October, and as usual it is 'well worthy the attentim of racing men. The pr'.ze money ia about 300oovs., and I shall have something more to say, concerning tbe bill of fare, in my tnxt. Entries fur handicaps cloie on the 17th ins*-. Since Clonard went to Victoria he ha3 been mesj unfoituna'e. Several times have place; been assigned him, but never the most coveted oup, and on Saturday he had io foa content with running secoad to Redftrn in the Elsternwick Park Handicap. A two days' meeting o? tYe Neweast!e Joeliey Club will be commenced this a'ternoon, and iF the entries are any criterion good -results thould be airived at. The fare i to and fro are cheap, and those who propose to astibt can ljave Redfera at 9 a.m. and return home in the ev« ning. The meeting of TattersaL's Club which was postponed on Saturday last owing to the rain ?whijh fell in the morning will be held to-day, and the best rebuls are anticipated. The delay will have tbe effect o? largely augmpntmg the field for the Spring Handicap, fortunate holders oF winning tickets in Tattersall'3 Consultations taving, it is understood, ' weighed cub' liberally . to make certain of a run, and thus it comes about that hordes wbich would not have seen the post will now be there, and what is more to the point, on their best behaviour because of the ' bit to nothing ' the majority of owners and trainers now bo much hanker after. TTet another change of date has to be told of, the pony meeting originally intended to be run off to day at Kcsebili being deferred till Tueiday nest. At Lillie Bridge Pony races on Monday night Tom Spring fell in the Time Handicap Trofc snd injured him-elf to such an extent that he died almoBt immediately. The committee of the Associated Clubs at a re cent meeting declined to remove the disqualifica tions of the jockey W. Edwards and owner F. Gosper, of the pony Little John, for malpractice at Canteibury Park. W. Beak's disqualification for two years by the Narramine Picnic Club has baen adopted by the A.J.C. That body has had before them, en appli cation from R. Ellis for tbe removal of his dis qualification, but it was refused. ,£20 was granted from the Di&treesod; Jockeys' funi to the jockey W. Bheece, who was badly huit at last Casino races. Mb. Clibborn's sale of racehorses at Sailing's Bazaar on Monday resulted thus 5— B m, 4yrs, by GoldBbr^ugh— Milliner, Mr. Bowman, £50 ; b f, 3vrs, by Sardonyx — Little Wanzer, Mr. J. Wood, i860 ; b h, Halo, by Monrnouth — Aureola, Mr. J. Ahearn, £220 ; br h Stockdale, by Yattendon — Stockdove, Mr. A. J. Onslow-Thotnpson, .£290; and rh Young Adonis, Mr. A. F, Smart, 2Jgs., subject to owner's approval. Among those passed in were Tomaso, £2h; Hiram Woodruff (trjtter), .£45; Knight Templar, £140; Adelaide.. -S100 ; St. Julian (trotter), o-845 ; and Kingswood (offered without engagements) ,£150. Touchstone has been withdrawn from Tatter Eall's Spring Handicap. It ig understood that many owners of horses in this event have been libsrally dc-alb with by fortunate drawers in Tatteraall's consultation, consequently the field ehould be a large one. Among the latett horse armala at Randwick are the QaaenslandeiM Garuda, Heath, GLlden Btone, Corjnella, and Dan O'ConneU. Pickwick, Sam Welle-, and Islander are here from Qrafton. The jumping horse Spondulix cleared a bar 6 feet 9| inches high at the 'Victouan Agricultural ?Society's Show eeveial davs ago, and thm bjafcall Australian records. The world's reaord is claimed for the Americaa boi'£e Filluiaher, who ia credited ?with negotiating 1 feet 2.} inches. The Spring meeting of the Murrumbidgee Turf Club was brought off on Monday and Tues day last and contributed tbe following winners : Firct day.— -Trial Stakes, Westella 8.11 ; Hurdle Race, Frantic 10.10 ; Monsocn, Tourisb, and Meteoric fell. Sirea' Produce Stikey, Litonia 8.5. Wagga Cup 1 mile700yd3, Two Up 7.3fr. 18 started. Owing to the s'.arb taking place ia front of the posb the race was ran twice, Two Up win ning on bctb occasions. Selling Kace, Ellery 7.13 ; and Flying Handicap, J, 5 7.6. Second day.— Grand Stand Handicap, 6 furlongs, Pit ty 7 10 Watsrn ; Foal Stakes, SOO.ovs, 6 furlongs, Latonia 8.12, including 71b ppualty ; Town Plate lOOdovs, 9 furlongs. Two Up 8 3. 12 star!e-5. Won easily, lime, 2cnin. D'spotal Stakes, Ellery 8 j Steeplechase 50cova; 2J miles, Transit 9.7. 10 ran. Won by 3 lengthe. The Ghost and Konsoon ftl1. Ladies Bracelet', 303ove, 6 furlongs, The Boss ? Tailor, 4 9. '9 Dtasfced. Won en&ilys; J? galloping in private ip not altogether uurcli ible, O^ide v/ill inalie a bold bid for Eiipremocy ^ben the Derbies and Sb. Ligert 'or r/hicb he is 31l-»iblo coma to be diecufp, d. Kii mild and fchiree ?url)ngQ on Tuesday morning was in my cpinioa the bast done by his aga up to thab time, and should all go will SsrombDli and Co. will fiad in Mr. Hall's colt a nub that will r; quire no end of rt'acliiog. Ihibbe is still no bet'.iog to bell of!j matters speculative bong juafc c,3 dull a3 ditoh- water, and save that Oside has b?en inquired after for the G..J.C. and V.S.C. Derbies nothing has been done. Martin Gollagher ha3 bsen retained to ride Jack in Tatter sill's Spr'ng Handicap to-day, and he piljkd tho grey in hia work on Tuesday rro n'wg. Mb. E. J..M'Cuilo(jh, spostiog editor of the Melbourne Lexvlh, and wtll known under the mm 0,e x-lvjno'o£ ' Asmodeus,' V7S3 on Tufsd'iy appointed judge of the Victorian Eacing Club in succession to Mr. F. F. D^kin, resigned. Whln the South Australian hor e Dillon waa disqualified, togt-ther wibh bis owner, trainer, and ridtr, by the stewards of the V.A.T.O. it was appealed agaia3fc to the V.R.C. and thab body sent it to the V.A.T.C. for reconsiderations but they declined to alter their determination. Foe the second time the ma'ter came under the notice of the V. B.C. on Tu^ sday, when the whole oS: the appeals were allowed. Such a slap in the face the Caulfitlci Club has never bad before, and tbe action its rulers inttnd taking will be watched with much in'erest 