S.A. BAPTIST ASSOCIATION. The annual meetings of the S.A. Baptist Association were continued in the Flinders street lecture-hall on Wednesday, when there was a large attendance. Mr. A. S. Neill pre sided. Mr. W. Neill read the college fund report. Votes of thanks were given to the Revs. S. Mead and W. Bell for their honorary profes sional duties in teaching the students. As the students needed support it was agreed that the churches should be appealed to for funds. The report of the building fund, which was presented by Mr. Q. Stow Smith, showed that £12,500 had been given for the help of the churches connected with the denomination. Lasting good would result from a permanent building fund such as was their jubilee fund. The fund originated seven years ago, the object being the assistance of churches identified with the S. A. Baptist Association by loans of money in the erection or purchase of church and school buildings or manses, and in the reduction of debts on such properties. On September 30 last the amount of £159 16s. was due by 13 churches which had benefited by the fund. In certain urgent cases the time for repayments had been extended from five to ten years, thereby relieving the churches from their heavy burdens. Assistance had been rendered in the erection of small churches at South and West Broken Hill and at Mannum. The capital of the new building fund stood at £12,516 10s. 2d. Twenty-eight churches were now receiving benefit from the fund, and with one exception all amounts authorised by the managers had been duly paid over. Applications had been received from eight churches for existing debts amount ing to £1,020. Of this amount £400 had been paid ; the balance would be discharged on re ceipt of the John Martin bequest (£1,000, less 10 per cent, duty), which their managers hoped to receive in November next. Adopted. The balance-sheet of the association building fund, which was presented by Mr. C. H. Goode, was as follows — Cr. To capital, £2,284: 19s. 10d.; expenses fund, £11 18s. 4d. Dr. By S.A. Baptist Jubilee fund, £2,289 5s. 9d.; balance in Savings and Federal banks, £7 12s. 5d. Adopted. The report of the aged ministers relief fund, presented by Mr. W. Neill, showed that the income had exceeded the disbursements by £97, which had added to the capital. The capital and reserve now amounted to £2,901, and the fund held at credit of ministers in the endowment branch was £710. This amount was less than last year owing to the withdrawal of one minister who had left the colony. The number of ministers at present connected with the fund was 18. Life policies held amounted to £3,100, as against £2,300 last year. Interest on in vestments was paid with satisfactory regu larity, and the securities were considered sound. The committee had made some need ful amendments in the regulations of the fund during the year. The time was ripe for increasing the aged ministers' fund. At present any amount not ex ceeding £6 paid by a ministers for life in surance or endowment was subsidised pound for pound out of that fund. That enabled something to be done, but not enough. The principles upon which the fund was based and the method of its operation were considered superior to anything which they had seen else where, but the machine was worked by an en gine of insufficient horsepower. What was needed was an addition of £2,000 to £3,000 to the invested capital of the fund, and it rested with the denomination to supply that. After some debate, the following motion was carried: — 'That this meeting believing that the support which may be accorded to our ministers in their work by the association fund, and in their old age by the aged ministers' fund, can be made adequate to their need, com mends these institutions to the more liberal support of the churches, and that the attention of the managers of the aged ministers' fund be called to the importance of increasing their fund so as to render larger assistance to those in need The report of the General SECRETARY (Rev. W. E. Rice) included the following items:— Nine meetings of the committee have been held during the year, at which the average attendance had been 18. Grants-in-aid have been made to the churches at Port Pirie, Yorke's Peninsula, Petersburg, Orroroo, Georgetown, Terowie, Clare, Goodwood, Hind maren, Mannum, Knightsbridge, Mount Barker, Stockport, and Broken Hill South. The ministerial changes during the year have been as follows: — Rev. J. R. Wallbank has removed from Petersburg to Georgetown, and the Rev. R. Taylor from Mannum to Peters burg ; Rev. J. Robertson has left Georgetown and become the pastor of the church at Mount Gambier; the Rev. C. F. Smith has relinquished the charge of the church at Orroroo in order to study at the Adelaide University, and the Rev. D. Davis, late of Woollahra, N.S.W., has taken his place at Orroroo ; the Rev. D. Stuart, after causing a good deal of unpleasantness, has left Alberton and returned to England ; the Rev. F. Boy ling has removed from Kapunda and settled at Alberton ; the Rev. G. W. Carter has resigned the pastorate of the Beryl-street Church at Broken Hill; the Rev. W. Gilmour has re moved from Terowie and has settled at Broken Hill; and the Rev. L. Shackleford has re signed his charge of the church at Norwood and will terminate his ministry in November next ; Mr. G. Berry has ceased to supply the pulpit at Knightsbridge. The committee have experienced a good deal of difficulty in pro viding ministers for vacant churches, and in view of the fact that several churches are still without pastors the Revs. S. Mead and W. E. Rice were commissioned to write to the presidents of the Regent's Park and Metropolitan Tabernacle Colleges asking that four young men who would not object to do country work might be sent out, the committee defraying half second-class travelling ex penses. These letters have been sent, but replies have not come to hand yet. The only new minister who has come amongst us during the year is the Rev. D. Davis, formerly of Woollahra, N.S.W., now pastor of the church at Orroroo. The work at Broken Hill south and west under the care of Rev. E. J. Tuck has been of a most encouraging nature. A church buildinghas been erected in each place, and at BrokenHill South not only erected, but enlarged during the year. Churches have been formed, many outsiders gathered in, and much interest awakened in the work generally. A preaching station has also been opened at Broken Hill North. New churches have been erected at Clare and at Blackrock, and in both instances have been opened free of debt. At Mount Barker school and class rooms have been erected at a cost of some £300, and also opened free of debt. Proposals are under consideration for the erection of a new church at Port Pirie. College work has been again resumed. Three young men (Messrs. H. E. Hughes, E. B. Turner, and J. R, Wallbank) have been accepted as students, and are now under the tutorial care of the Rev. S. Mead, M.A., LL.B., and the Rev. W. Bell, M.A. The Rev. J. Price, who formerly served the de nomination so well as tutor, was unable .on account oi failing health to take that position again, and the Rev. W. Bell was appointed in his stead. It has been decided to ask all the churches of the denomination to make an annual collection towards the college funds, and the committee hopes that a ready and generous response will be made to this appeal. TnUh and Progress, under the editorehipof theRev. E. J. Henderson, and the business management of Mr. Newing, has had a more successful career than for many years. Through the diligent efforts of these gentlemen the circulation has been increased, and our denominational organ for once placed in a sound financial condition. The denominational library has been aug mented by the addition of 43 books, presented by various friends. The librarian (Air. J. Ellis) reports that there are now 852 volumes catalogued and that 48 books have been borrowed during the year. After a prolonged absence Mr. and Mrs. G. S. Fowler are home again, and we are heartily glad to welcome them back to South Australia. The committee are pleased to welcome to the annual meetings this year the Rev. G. Hill, M. A., the co-pastor of the Collins-street Baptist Church, Mel bourne. We trust that his visit will be mutually profitable to himself and to us. The annual meetings of the Victorian Baptist Union are to be held in November, when, ac cording to the triennial arrangements which exists Detween the three colonies, it is Vic toria's turn to' receive delegates from New South Wales and South Australia. The general secretary (Rev. W. E. Rice) has been appointed to represent us on that occasion. Adopted. The balance-sheet, which was presented by the Rev. W. E. Rice in the absence of Mr. C. Birks, showed that the receipts included £20 13s. lOd. from the proceeds of the tea and luncheon and collections at the annual meetings, £21 9s. from personal sub scriptions, £149 15s. from special donations, £50 as repayment of Truth and Progress loan, £4 15s. refunded by Furreedpore Mission and jubilee fund, and £668 15s. 8d. as subscrip tions from various churches. The expenditure included a balance due to the treasurer of £332 17s. lid.. £U 03, as uualstere' travelling ex penses, £-? as tooio-nf evi--jit»c-3, £2$ '2s. --J. on account of TfitiJ. a-:d 'Piro-jr-'**. faM K o« account of postage and incidental.', £3i- 0*. ! Jrl. in advertising and p--:tilin£. £17 l~-a. 'M. in interest aud exchaage, and £-'-'??.* Us. 3d. a-i grants to various churches. The balance 'ini to the treasurer on Auguat 31 was £139 L^. lid. Adopted The balance-sheet of the jubilee fund, pre sented by Mr. C. H. Gooije, showed that tlm capital on August 31, 1891, was £10,303 7«. 10a. , while the building fund amounted to £2,289 5s. 9d., a total of £12,598 13a. 7-1. The amount of free grants to churches was £~-, 4 73 9s. 9d.; of grants to Lchurches, £5,S3'J 3s. lid.; of loans at interest, £CUO lie. 2d.; aud of cxccm debts paid, £400. The interest in arm-ir wji* £15 4s. 5d.; the interest paid to churclms, trtt 10s. 6d.; and miuor expenses, £r- 5s. 4-J. The bank balance was £151 #s. Cd. Adopted. Mr. A. S. NeiU then vacated the chair, and the incoming- president, the Rev. J. Hogben, took his place. j The Chaxbhax, in the course of liis addr^p, spoke of the power of the Holy Ghost. The i church could never be purer than her indi- j vidual members. Carelessness about sin, and the holding of loose' notious- about it. wero too | manifestly prevalent. How lightly thought, of j were bad temjwrs and other uncontrolled passions, the tricks of trade, wasting a master's time, inconsideratenefs towurds servants, hivisli expenditure or hoarding for personal {rratili cation, niggardly giviug to God, covetousnosw, and inany other' evils. How they needed tbo Holy Spirit to convince the church of sin a« well as the world. As long as the disci plus of Christ lived unholy lives the Spirit could not use them to reprove the world. It w:« the duty and the gtorious privilege, of every Christian to live a holy life, a life that consisted not simply in attending meetings, however special their character, nor merely in holding Scriptural views upon the subject of holiness, nor even in walking blamelessly before men, but a life that in all its secret parts, its hidden motives, was ever kept under tlie brilliant searching light of God's spirit and in that spirit's purging fire. The land gospel, the social gospel, the gospels of science and of rationalism, the gospel of human goodness must all fail when brought to the supreme test — will they restore to man the liken&ss; of God and bring him into communion with God ? The Church needed to recognise the Holy Spirit in every department of her work. What a different state of affairs would frequently exist if important mat ters such as the erection of a new building, the purchase of a new organ, the choosing of a pastor, the election of deacons and other officers, and the raising of funds —all of which went so far to make or mar the peace and use fulness of the church— were always entered upon with much earnest prayer, and with real surrender and waiting for Divine guidance. In these 'thin and untheological days,' as Dr. Whyte called them, when to doubt everything or to believe something that nobody had believed before, if it were possible to find it, was considered by many the sign of a robust and manly intellect ; when a man had no right to speak unless he had something quite original to eay; when the Church was so apt, like foolish Israel of old, to look to Egypt or Assyria for succor, it was neces sary that Christians should be called back to the living abiding God, given Comforter, whose words were always true and always the same. Not financial ease,- not increasing num bers, not the success of their particular views, not their respectability nor their culture, but the constantly realised fact that the Holy Ghost was with them should yield them most solid comfort. The Church was often saying 'We want such and such a man for our minister and then things would go on prosperously;' or 'We want men of means and social standing to come and help us along, or we want more unity among ourselves. In ninety-nine cases out of a hundred— he was not sure that there was even one exception — where churches were unhappy the real want was overlooked. They wanted the Holy Ghost in the fulness of power. He would quickly put right those minor things, and make the Church mighty in God. The Rev. E. J. Henderson presented the report of Truth and Progress, which showed that during the past year the magazine had prospered. The balance-sheet, presented by Mr. J. M. Newing, showed that there were £49 Is. 7d. in the Federal Bank, while the cash in hand amounted to £1 6s. The amount due from advertisements aud sub scribers was £44 8s. 6d. The sum of £9 16s. Id. was allowed for possible bad debts, while £10 14s. were due to the printer for the current issue. The report was adopted and the editor and business manager were heartily thanked. TheRev. S. Mead moved, and the Rev. W. E. Rice seconded — 'That we appoint as a board of management for Truth and Progress the Rev. E. J. Henderson (editor), Mr. J. Newing (business manager), the Revs. W. E. Rice, S. Fairey, S. Mead, and J. Featherstone; and that they* be requested to take into con sideration the fortnightly issue from January 1, 1892, the board to have power to act.*' Car ried. The business session was then adjourned till the following morning. In the evening the Rev. G. Hill, M.A.. preached an eloquent doctrinal sermon on 'The glory of Christ.'3 A communion service followed, at which the Rev. L. Shackleford presided. There was a good attendance. 