8ELEOTED POETRY. Tho Gift of tho Sea. Tuc dead child lay ia tho eliroud, And tho widow watched bosido j And her mother slept, and tho channel awopt Tho galo in tho teeth cf tho tido. But tho widow kugliod al all. " I havo lost my man in tho roa, And tho child is dead. Bo still," sho said; " What moro can yo do to mo ?" And tho widow watched tho dead, And sho triod to sing tlio passing song That bids tho poor soul go. And " Mary tako you now," sho Bang " That lay againBt my hoart." And " Mary smooth your crib to-night ; " But sho could not say, " depart."- Tlion earao a cry from tho soa, But tho storm lay thick on tho glass. And "Heard yo nothing, mother?" shos&td;: " 'Tib tlio child that waits to pass." And tho codding mother sighed i " 'Tia a lambing owo in tlio whin : For why should tho christened soul cry otlt That never know of sin ?" " Ob, foot I havo held in my hand 1 Oh, hands at my hoart to catch 1 How can thoy know tho road to go, And how can thoy lift tho latch?" Thoy laid a shoot to tho door, With a littlo quilt atop, That It might not hurt from tho cold or tho dirt ; But tho crying would not stop. Tho widow lifted tlio latch, And strained her oyos to sea , And ojtoned the door on tho bitter shorn To lot tho soul go free. There was noithor gllmmcrnor ghost ; There was noithor spirit nor Bpark. And " Hoard yo nothing, mother ?" sho said : " 'Tia crying (or mo in tho dark." And tho nodding mothor sichod : " 'Tib sorrow makes yo dull; Havo yo yot to loam the cry of tho tern, Otho wail of tho wind-blown gull ?" " Tho torns aro blown inland, Tho gray gull follows tho plough 5 'Twas novor a bird tho voico I heard— O mothor, I hear it now 1" "Lie still, door lamb, llo still ; Tho child Is sofa from harm. 'lis tho aelto in your breast that brooks your rest, And tho fool of an empty arm." . Sho nut her mothor aside; " In Mary's namo lot bo I For tho poaco of my bou! I must go," sho said ; And sho wont to tho calling boa. In the heel of tho wind-bit pier, Whore tho twisted wood was piled, Sho coma to tho Ufa sho had missed by an honr, For sho camo to a littlo child. Sho laid it into her breast, And back to hor mother biio camo ; But it would not feed, and it would not hood, Though sho gave it hor own child's namo. And tho dead child drippod on hor breast, And hor own in tho Bhroud lay stark ; And " God forgivo as, mother," sho Bald, " Wo lot it dio in tho dork." Rudyaud Kitlino, 